My family is so open and loving.
What who did to who? Others? Let America decide what to do? That's helpful advice!
and texts dont go
Malaysians who CAN'T spell Khmer Rouge \/ Agent Orange ARE 99.99% QUITE LIKELY able to spell Slobodan Milosevic \/ depleted uranium.
And with a jacked up phone. This plane ride will be fan-wait for it-tastic
Don't be rude send a nude wow that should be on a pillow
New iOS update for my iPhone, apparently. Oh, yippee.
I feel sorry for Casillas.
Conflicting Reports that Ayman Zawahiri will send his video response to via Vine App or Instagram .
Yes because running and shooting is soooo easy
I gotta go now, thanks for not following me 5sos. You made me so happy
There Mookie Betts is going to have a horrible career.
Thanks for a great graduation guys. No one of u had even said 'goodbuy' to me.
Well it's good to see you're over it.
Love when foreign people don't understand American boundaries. LOVE IT.
Sure, random spammer claiming to be my new family physician. I'll click the link you sent. I see nothing fishy about this at all.
I fucking love school holidays.
So glad I spent a shot load of money on LA Fitness.
Boy, this campaign has really worked well, especially in Spain. .
Descalso in the starting lineup... Oh goody.
Gracias a mi jefe por hacerme subir 22 pisos, cargando un bolso muy pesado....GRACIAS :)
Fantastic. Absolutely fantastic.
I love having to do things 2/3 times cos some cunt doesn't know their arse from their elbow.
yes, but he isnt a black supremacist
Listening to co-workers bash crazy former employees is funny. Surely they know I can hear them.
Thanks for complimenting my plain, green Polo shirt.
If there's one thing I like in games it's stealth gameplay.
oh no! they showed cm punk in the beginning of money in the bank! he must be back!
Thanks for rail fare hike. 1st task for NDA was to stop inflation and price rise. Rail fare hike is certainly gonna help that
With four games left in the series, I just don't see any possible way the Heat could win. -1
Seth Rollins wins the contract. Gee, who saw that happening?
So excited to spend a few more hours thanks to canceling my flight last night
Today has been an amazing day
Also, Molly abandoned her lemonade stand so I made $5
Whoops...That's how rumors get started. Last tweet was RT'd by ppl who blindly RT things they think 2 b true. on twitter is hard.
My Dr. Pepper spilled in my car. It's a good thing my jeans were there to soak it all up.
Remember when every 90s album ended with a gospel song? iTunes singles made us godless.
Just great. I LOVE feeling this way
Sports aren't fun, they suck so much, why would you like sports? No drama or anything
Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
I love women. They're so abundant in Houston.
What a good night!.
This commentary is really making me miss ITV's Clive Tyldesley\/Andy Townsend combo
Every nigga is proud to say my girl twerk video got 900+ likes
I love having Ensure for dinner because I can't eat real food. Glad nothing is wrong.
Meanwhile, the Angels and Pirates just completed the most worthwhile trade in all of baseball
Popovich was really into the national anthem
I just *love* it when the check book is out of balance - by several hundred dollars! (Did you hear the ?)
They need one. Putting is no fun
Apparently I don't exist anymore..that's just great
I love not having any plans for the night!
I want all your attention on me.
so mentally prepared for this exam tomorrow
Twitching &amp; slight skitzo pills from doctors today! OH BOY!!
Wow, letting your child play with sex toys? Classy, very classy.
Work time. Can't wait to not get home until 5AM.
Hard fought victory.
tomorrow is going to be so fun.
I just love spending this Saturday night studying...
When I grow up, I want to marry a man who spends his every spare moment in front of his computer- *Said Nobody ever*\n\n
I'm sure he'll never leave for a better job when that opens up
It's always fun to wait for a doctors appointment. I guess it could be worse, I could be waiting on a dentist
Clearly I am of the greatest importance.
Phillies ticketing is scrambling to get playoff invoices out today! Its not a heat wave its playoff fever!
Yeah, I haven't talked to you all day...why would I want to talk to you tonight?
Absolute yay for those random times when the electricity goes off, and you have absolutely idea why. I just love these times
Getting turnt with daddy ()
Good thing fair is early so it won't be hot
Love getting off work at 5 in the morning.... no one is up:(
Glad my family supports me with everything ..
Since we can teach men not to rape, let's teach women not to murder, not to stalk, not to abuse...
You know what my TL was missing? RT's from White Power types.
Did you know that you don't have to be white to be American? SHOCKING I know
Dear : thanks for changing our seat assignments so that I don't get to sit next to bc I totally hate him
i think that song nina by ed sheeran is about nina nesbitt
2:29 and I feel totally celestial
wow this gameplaynis so fast paced and exciting like in the CGI trailer you just showed.
If there are ten cats on a boat and one jumps off, how many cats are left on the boat? \n\nNone! They were copy cats.\n\n
U talk about ur problems I help u and bring mine up but u bring urs back up jeshh thanks for being there for me. When I'm here for u
I will do like some tweets im reading : i'm my very own and the best ever! hell i love women :)
Redskins trademark denied. Not that this was in ANY way political.
Idk how we're waking up for the beach tomorrow we're way too trashed
Oh. Just loved when Christian smacked Antonia's back!!
oh haha I forgot that I care about what people say about me.
I love waking up early to go to work!!
Has anyone in M'sia considered that the diplomat who escaped from NZ was conducting counter-intel ops against Femme-Zion CIAgents?!
It's Glastonbury weekend? Really?! No!
I'm so popular I now have 2 friends on . Suck it losers with just 1 friend. I'm awesome!
Yay Glasto's over, now I can stop being jealous of the average lineup and shit weather!
Checked the score of the game just to see and wow this game looks super intense 0:0 okay then
I'm a born/bred NY'er &amp; I think I waited the longest time ever 4 a 2nite. That's 30+ years. Thx I def get the fare increases.
I just love when my phone freezes up!
Awesome, oh wow
Sorry , klose but no cigar.
Oh no my brother would rather sit on the Xbox with his friends and play the Penis Game. Wow so daring much fun.
I love when everyone on Facebook becomes a Constitutional expert, regardless of whether or not I agree with them.
Oh god sue me for having a drink. I know, makes me a bad mom.
To everyone stuck on the GA mainline. Don't worry I'm sure replacement buses are on the way right.....??
I'm really enjoying the fact that opens with a 20min HHH promo each week. I used the word \"enjoying\" properly, right?
wow what a perfect day to go work in mall ....
I just love revision &lt;3
spain have been really good I ain't gonna lie
Fuck you asshole. That's really cute.
gotta love when your internet goes out during live tweeting time...
Yay the AC isn't working at work
I love spending my weekend working for a place I hate
So like we didn't hang out . \nCongrats, more time that I haven't seen you.
My boss said my USA shirt was against dress code, so I called him a commie bastard and went home.
Tact is for people who aren't witty enough to use .
We move to a new era.. the one where Derek will be called the \"golden boy\" of Television Academy.. after 6 nominations..it's time!
oh great, Hamilton is winning ...
Lavine just said "Fuck me" after that selection. Obvious that he wants to be here.
Yea Phil you're game really is good enough to win the US Open
Wow did pies really lose to hawks I'm stunned did not see it coming
Way to keep it classy "RT: PHOTO: Andrew Wiggins' striking draft outfit
If you couldn't tell: My previous 5 tweets are examples of
Yes, I'm from Louisiana. Yes there's occasional gaters in my back yard. Yes I've gotta drive a boat to school.
I love getting concussions at work
Don't worry, I can drive and text at the same time- Jason David Frank.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak to?
Today has been so interesting
that was riveting...
Gotta love that immediate after-shower sweat
1961: Kennedy sends military advisors to South Vietnam. 2014: Obama sends military advisors to Iraq. I fail to see any resemblance.
3 more days working for the WONDERFUL Lowes family
Because really, what better way to end the day than with a holocaust denier?
I love these little missions my mom sends me on
How nice er
Sweet 1 goal!
Come on guys he runs a lot so he must e our best midfield this World Cup
Apartment to myself for the next week.
I wish I was 32 and still lived at home with my parents... oh wait...
Love all this Atlanta support for the heat. , just like we have saints fans.
Well, uhmm.. it means you're dumb.
What a boring OT.
Pepe sent off? I can't believe it!
cleverly is not such a bad player afterall, i would be sad if we sell him to arsenal
I'm missing Gloriana so Queen can be mean to me!\n\n\n\n\n
Oh I just love my annual leave from my work!
Going back to Chicago today. So excited
Just loves overthinking everything and always expecting the worst possible outcome of everything
Well..after that i shall not be drinking for awhile....
Germany is also pretty gross, can't wait to see the US play them...
Time to overthink! I love this!
Flexible loan plans for train pass in Mumbai. Exclusiveoffers from banks...
Wow so much Jimmie Johnson hate on here. Can't wait to hear all of it on
wow didn't know that there are a lot of football fans in my TL till now
Gee, so glad that game was televised... :)
IF HODOR DIES, I AM NOT WATCHING THIIS SHOW ANYMORE.
One audience lifts up his tablet written on \"Adios Spain\" on it. \n
I can really see that you've changed a lot.
Well we've signed someone. Never seen him play, never heard of him. He can't get in Spain squad. Looks like a good signing
Going to the midway tonight. Gonna be a blast.
I guess I should go to sleep. Wouldn't wanna miss my 3-hour morning shift tomorrow.
That was a GREAT throw by the Orioles catcher, lol.
I can't wait to see Del Rio vs Sheamus on Main Event...
Wait, what?!? 6th ranked team () is getting blown out by its 17th ranked team () ?! Shocking!!
Can't wait to get back to Sheboygan where it's in the 60's and raining
A 10 p.m meeting is EXACTLY what I need when I work at 5 a.m then leave on a 14 hour road trip....
Im cold, im drenched.. god I hate you! Why dont you send Izrail to my bed tonight... I could use the company.
Flight cancelled. Yay!
Its going to be SUCH a great day...
You've gotta love mancs
What an exciting game
Couldn't my last 6 exams be crammed any closer together?
If anybody wants their nails doing I recommend ...
Right the brazillians are on a come back
Okay, almost got smashed by a 18 wheeler... Can this day get any better?
There's nothing I'd rather be doing more than Chemistry on this fine Sunday.
Rebellion! We will pressure you to it.
I miss the vuvuzelas from the 2010 World Cup...
Love sitting in traffic just about everyday &lt;33333
.....Annnnddd it's Monday.
WHAT, You can't carry a gun into Target anymore? Fuck ME! What a NOVEL idea.
Stay classy Mansfield
95% sure the chicken the school just served me was uncooked.. YAY salmonella!!
I FEEL SO BAD.
I can't wait to hear about the Hobby Lobby case while I'm trying to get a drink at the bar
But that is what I love (disease) about /AT&amp;T/TheDailyBeast, etc.: They condemn THEMSELVES.
5 girls 1 bathroom... Not a problem at all!
Oscar scores!! 7-1, could a comeback be on the cards?
Wish I was cool and had a green or red moped to race in small town Lu Verne, Iowa
The officiating in the finals is off to a great start!
That makes so much sense
Well this was worth staying up for.
Libertarian Anarachists at an event called \"The Million Mask March\"? What are the odds?
Pretty sure i crushed one of my fingers under a pipe just now. CAN TODAY GET ANY BETTER?!
Must've had a HUGE turnout of African Americans in don't they still count as 3\/5ths in that state?
At least the Ducks didn't win the Cup?
Nice to see the Oilers have some semblance of a plan.
Network Committed 2 Crushing Props Up 's Daughter. I'm So Surprised!
I'm not mentioning any names but I REALLY hope a certain New York team gets swept tonight at home in front of their stellar fans.
Maybe they should change Oklahoma's name, since it means "red people", and being half native American, I'm very offended.
Miami is gonna pull throw!
What people often forget about \"Man of Steel\" is that Superman DECIMATED AN ENTIRE CITY to kill the villain
You should all definitely follow ! They tweet the COOLEST stuff!
Jogging and boots. Feeling sexy.
Saw my ex husband and ex boyfriend within five minutes of each other. Happy 4th to me.
being told to apologize for being harassed and stalked is such a good feeling :)
Up to H in my journey through my CD collection. A triple CD anthology of Billie Holiday is IDEAL listening following a break up
Once be a legend, always will be a legend.
Pipe down. Rain and lightning. Super scary...
Wiggins' got some style
I love doing errands by myself....
Yes the ISIS butchers must have a seat at the table
ma che bella giornata che ci si prospetta oggi :D
I have two weeks to train for my first 5k...
I really thought Beasley would change this game...
That just was a FEW selfies NOT LOADS
Oh yay. I not only am being forced to go outside but, in the woods. Life is so fun for me right now!
Just because your online account says \"will process as autopay\" for a year now, doesn't mean it will.
I'm glad you're still in some sort of communication...\n
I was still wondering wether to buy or not to buy the xbone, but now that it had golf, FUCKING SOLD
My peeling back looks greaaaat.
So glad Facebook notified me that my \"friends\" are engaged. Like I really care facebook.
Love how accurate my weather app is
I sure do love not being able to sleep
I'm surprised that and I could handle all of these people today!
Why is the US using DC's "I believe" chant?
That awkward moment when you can't get out of your car because the driver side door handle is broken! -__-
I did not know that Facebook was now being used to pick up girls
Night cherubs And
Like and ?
My hormones are all crazy right now! The joys of being pregnant!
Can you bring some cookies like now... god I need some I haven't had one in like 5 min. D': hurry!!!
Wait, what?!? FIFA's 6th ranked team () is getting blown out by its 17th ranked team () ?! Shocking!!
Waking up before my alarm goes off! Fuckin. Awesome. (-_-)
JV and Scherzer's worst outings of the year back to back. Yeah, I'm feeling good about these Tigers.
I have so many friends....
Looking forward to my 7:20 ortho appointment and my 9:30 shift...
Pagi yang indah.bersahur makan bubur,kacau air kopi dan menghirup udara jerebu diluar sana.
Well this is definitely the best game in the world cup so far
Waww a very smart move by one of a famous - genius Indonesian singer :o i am amazed and just wow-ed --".....
Que partidazo de Messi, que buen colectivo... En el grupo mas dificil.
My neighbors dog barks non-stop and it always sounds like it's being eaten alive. It's not annoying at allllll
Great, apparently EVERYTHING is now my fault/my job/my problem.
No better feeling than hitting my knee on the corner of a metal dwarwer on my work bench and I'm wearin shorts
I'm so happy that I'm spending another night sat in!
How dare ease financial burdens on students!!
Lol wasting my time and gas
Anyone seeing a Portuguese comeback ??
I'm left handed,
Did you know that disposable plates make for a shabby, unsophisticated, worthy-of-judgment wedding?
Dang replay! It never goes our way
BO-Ner. Get it? It's funny.
7 signs is too many for Wrigley Field, why do the Cubs need millions upon millions of more dollars per year in revenue???
Hold On lemme just speed dial em on my phone n find out what's going on -_- smhhh
it makes sense
Who is forcing us to listen to this unholy devil worshipping music at RUI?!?!
I wish I got payed to talk to my significant other all day.
Very happy it rained again, was getting concerned we may have to hand water greens after only getting 5\" in 3 days.
Isn't it awesome when someone takes something that you said, out of context and manipulates it to make you look bad?
I just LOVE when people just stop talking to me.
Germany is the tallest team at ?
I guess im going to bed
Thanks to the guy smoking in the drive thru behind us. Smells grrrreeeeaaaat!!
MORE CALL OF DUTY! Yeaaaaaah!!!!!!
I gotta stop reading and start doing drugs
I'm glad it's not storming because I really want to practice for the third time today
I wonder what's trending on twitter right now....
Skyping to my mate who's in Dominica. looks like he's having a terrible time
After La Liga \"Mourinho\" is destroying EPL. Players from EPL have learned to bite.\nIt's Jose's fault. Charge him FA.
So cool to see former player get drafted. My work with him in freshman football prepared him for this moment.....
My brother just did something on gta5: "Skillage in the village, bro!"
Wow I think Wayne may have opened up a new pack of Hanes beaters for this performance. Impressive.
Great end to a long evening at work...
Working behind a desk for about 6 and 1\/2 hours tomorrow. Yay. Woo Hoo. So stoked
Okay. Ima go lay down now. Going to spend another 6 hours at the Fairfield Club tomorrow. Yay!!! Lol
Spurs just went cold.
No, I didn't just wake up like five times last night.
I love waiting for people!
USA, USA, USA! Should just be changed to Merica, Merica, Merica! Get with the times people........
I have problem for every Solution!!
This is exactly how I wanted to spend my long weekend
Yayyy 17 so happy.
The awkward moment when your drunk and open an Email from your daughter school which is WRONG!! I'm sure they'll LOVE my reply
I just love when teachers dump lessons back into the trays without putting things back together neatly.
Hey Rio... if it ain't white that ain't right!
Nico said the wedding was with his closest friends. Lewis wasn't there. OMG NEWS STORY
You've been dating for two months? Wow, what an accomplishment
On the bright side, at least I have to get up early tomorrow
I'm sad to say that only one dynasty can reign. My bad, i should've cherished it with you my fellow fan, Goodbye Heat Dynasty.
When will Zach Lee be ready? 2023?
Lebron is opting out. That's smart because the decision really helped his public image last time. Hopefully, it will again.
what a great start to a new month
Nobody tell me the score of the game, I've got it recorded and can't wait to watch kick some butt!
Is anyone tweeting the Emmy nominations? I want to make sure I don't miss them...
finally going to bed after spending over 5 hours researching "uterine fibroids"...that's some fun shit.
Glad to know that I'm missed.
Welbeck you contributed NOTHING!!! Thanks...
Is inspired by the story of the pens tanking for Mario?
banyak betul tentera berlegar2 di dalam mall. sakai aku tgk. ingat2kan ada kerabat diraja. \n
Those referees... Well, you guys are good! You seem to know a lot about football!
New York is off to an absolutely terrific start ?
And obviously the GOTY MADDEN 15!!!
Moving? Oh well, i'll appreciate it. Don't worry about me, Just doing like you do.
Good to know your making an effort to hang out with me.
Taylor Swift playin in the gym..
Your Cock Of The Day
Love all the Nucks \"fans\" ripping the moves they have done. That's exactly why they're the best in the NHL...
Looking forward to Steve Yzerman landing six NHL-ready defenseman over the next two days.
So I got in a car accident today... that was fun
Up for the soccer
So is trending. Misspelling independence cos you just don't give a f***. Now that's true independence! Go USA!
We've not signed anyone so far today!
Jordan would of dropped 50 at the half
Sun Stroke and Sun Burn, Dont you love sun?
Love starting my morning with a trip to the fridge to find no milk to accommodate my bowl of cereal.
Another shitty Saturday has arrived, courtesy of my cranky sister. Gosh, I just love the weekends.
first two games :/
the first thing that I did this morning was put my elbow in dog puke
This just in: Sodas cost a lot of money in Vegas.
Well today was fun I love my job.......
Apparently Judiciary get summer vacation - they have been working hard lately
Gosh I just love when Jason farts in the car.
A 4-0 performance is unheard of.. And where were you, ?
New recipes coming soon on the Chop Stir Chew website! Who knew buying a house and moving was so time consuming?!
Great fucking job . U made the right decision. This'll never come back to haunt people.
Beartooth sounds like a bunch of Attack Attack wannabes. Their lead singer sounds just like Caleb Shomo.
Tengo hambre, si supieran todo lo que he comido
Been taking tests all day...I forgot how much fun this is.
Love spending my afternoon in bed
I dont understand what bae is. Bacon and eggs?
I bet people who like their own statuses wink at themselves in the mirror too.
I so tired tonight - I really really hope there is no extra time!
Thanks everyone for the birthday love yesterday! How can this young body feel so old!
I am constantly making the between being a person or being a asshole
in solitary confinent xD\nNo human flesh for 4 months.
Working group A today enjoying the culinary stylings of Steve Coffey
I use because flat ou telling you you're a fucking moron is considered inappropiate. And I was raised better than that.
It's always nice to feel neglected.
best day ever
Spurs are using their extensive scouting knowledge again.
Mom's drs apt @ 9 - check. Summer camp 945 - 445 - check. Now hutting until 9. YAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY.
Make love not war sounds so absurd to me.
What a fantastic morning!
I love Mark Jackson giving coaching advice to Gregg Popovich.
My last tweet was
Well, I can't really argue with that logic; because it's impenetrable...
Being straight forward is always nice ...
Oh boy! A fun-filled trip to the to get my license changed back to Texas! I'm super stoked and excited!
I promise next time I'll stage whisper \"that was \"
I had NO idea had a daughter?!
A bald man goes out on a limb explaining the 'wind in my hair' rhetoric
If a guy only like your tits, thighs an legs send him to KFC
At the half, Germany leads Brazil by a field goal and a safety.
What's better than spending your birthday studying for your final exams ^_^
Long car rides are my favorite
looks like Sony will call AAMIR KHAN for Cricket WorldCup &amp; Sharukh Khan for Hockey Worldcup
Wow, I really love not being able to fall asleep.
I'm glad North Platte isn't a long ways away. Jk
I like how in my first week I'm working 38 hours
Well this morning is starting out wonderful....
BREAKING: Finally uncovered. Big Brother's real name is Uncle Sam
So happy the gym is air conditioned
My dad is such a bright ray of sunshine today
Keep posting your feelings about your 15 seconds of fame. It's so goddamn inspirational. Tears in my eyes.
Sounds like the pool is ran by good people.
Because I really wanted to see naked photos of the corpse of Michael Jackson while I channel surfed.
Before you get your panties in a bunch, yes, I realize that Suarez didn't play.
My neighbors asked me if I ever want to smoke out with them, making friends day by day
Can't wait to see all snap chat stories of fireworks! I have never seen them before!!!
Oh wait, was that Titanfall 2?
Hate it when my friend keeps my other friend away from me. lol
I love watching fireworks with a bunch of happy couples around me kissing and being super cute. and
My dinner is watermelon and ginger ale aw yea being sick is fun
My life couldn't get any better.....
Nice chattin with ya today....
Finals are your birthday are definitely the best
Replacement buses are delightful
Explaining how social media works to individuals stuck in the days before social media who believe they know best.
Wow I've been called dumb on twitter I can cross that off my bucket list!
So glad your parents forked out thousands so you could sit in a classroom in England playing FarmVille on your laptop.
Some guy just yelled Jayhawks at me... I'm oh so offended
Gotta love the positive message in today's music...
On that note... I'm gonna go stare at my tan lines.
So Portugal doesn't get penalties?!
Everyone should watch An American Ghost Story. It's fantastic ... it's horrible
I love how your promises mean nothing! :) it makes me feel all special inside! :D
I love that since we got the x1 \"Upgrade,\" our tv pops constantly. Well done Comcast, well done.
Oh you don't like my ? Shame.
Had no idea that was so well made. Modern day .
Well isn't this a fun night!
it's 4th of July &amp; my tumblr dashboard is just overflowing with posts that i can only describe as unusual?
So if Josh Gordon's "substance abuse" is weed, he should just stop &amp; not get another ban. Weed isn't a drug &amp; not addictive, right?
Vanek to the Wild? Duh. Didn't see that one coming.
Can't wait til Scotland plays in the euro qualifiers...
I kinda miss sleep
Currently enjoying the annoying noises of phones ringing while I think what I could be doin outside on this beautiful day right now
Watching children! So fun!
Consider taking directions only when everything else has failed....
Wow! I really hope Adult Swim repeats the same four candy commercials on a loop more often!
So I'm glad the bank called back like the were supposed to
Well, I'm in a super awesome mood now.
Almost crying feels so nice sometimes.
Back on the ice tonight for the first time since April...should be fun
\": \": \": Nice one Sterling really fab\"\" \" tht cld b it aswel,big fan'England?
Only in a 3pt contest! RT : Meyers &gt; kaman
It's interesting when people un-follow you. I guess they really hate what you are tweeting. I mean really! more than other tweets.
There is absolutely nothing at all creepy about West Virginia`s back roads
I'm glad you care enough to text me and even ask how I am.
Nothing brightens your day like divorce papers..... :/
I guess my name is another reason behind your thirst ;)
Off to the emergency room. This day could not have started any better
Thank goodness Shane Robinson is getting another shot at the big leagues!
I hope yew didnt stalk me at night.Cos accidents that happens at night make babies hahaha vs Mrs Owl
Yes, women drinking is somehow the root cause of all problems in goa
Everybody loves to be ignored right?
Math final done in 3 minutes
I don't think they find enough skeletal remains in Myrtle
is just another kind of art for the lips
Back in the pitchfest scene. Haven't been to one of these in over a year. Should be a blast.
What a tasteful and not in any way misogynistic song and video that Jason Derulo/Snoop Dogg song 'Wiggle' is...
Hope all you girls have your boob pasties and Molly ready for EDC this weekend.
I don't want to see it;I was just curious
What a better time to update the songs on my iPhone then 11pm.
It's 10pm and I'm going to bed. I know all of you are jealous of the wild life that I lead!
And my week just gets fucking better...
Starting to play on steam more than my xbox.... \nPC IS THE MASTERRACE-
Going to bed early tonight.
Not even pissed
With the tree gone we have a beautiful streetlight illuminating our deck. It's amazing
Lebron opts out to become a free agent. But Jordan would never do that.... ?
Dope when you got money you can't spenddd !
S/o to my mom for being super awesome
Miley Cyrus and Bret Michaels. This duet might just be what I needed to get through this morning.
Thank you cows for making the past 5 minutes of this road trip wonderful smelling.\n\n
Trying to close my dad's bank account; exactly as much fun as you'd imagine
\": \": Nice one Sterling really fab\"\"
Extremism:every1 feels"authorized"to Kill "by God"(whateverName ofGod)...Sorry dude,Show Me the Authorization with God's signature!
such an awesome day.
I love it when my usb mouse fails... it's my favorite.
Chris Sale is 8-1 with a 2.16 ERA and a WHIP well under 1.00 but ya...totally not an all star.
I want to leave this nest already..fly far far away and never come back
So tired. Have more school work in the morning and all weekend. I'm so excited.
Even the FedEx guy is tripping out that we don't have a TV at work right now -_-
I've been to NDFCU and INOVA this morning and let me tell you, it was a joy.
Well if you can't keep the iPhone to yourself then pick up a new phone, because the is going to be better.
We got an out guys! How about that, sure they scored another run, but we got an out!
Guess who's on the retweet spree again...Thank you TRMC...
I love when people give me their opinion when I didn't ask for it
Oooh Benny RT me going off on him!! Priceless!!!
I'm so glad that I fit into a customer ad segment that makes load up my monitor at work with ads...
Ugh I just want to be at the Rebelution concert smoking a blunt with all the other successful people of Brevard County
As an active Satanist, I demand the NFL force the New Orleans Saints to change their offensive nickname that glorifies goodness.
Now that MVP Apparently isn't in charge anymore. Who will the new director of wrestling operations be? Maybe Hulk Hogan again
So Sakho is part of the top 10 players so far as the world cup? But he's still \"shit \" though isn't he?
i can't wait to know!
I'm lovin all the son of shittin bug bites on my legs
Wao. Tu vida es tan cool.\n\n
The Financial Times showed me an ad popup then asked me to pay a subscription to access the article
Shoulder surgery sounds fun.... Not like I haven't done that before
My grandparents are making Jew jokes, and my mom is bashing my clothing choices. I love my family.
I like you how I like a coffee-I hate coffee!
I place my bet on Belgium. Because, chocolate.
No tuersas tanto el brazo que se te puede romper.
Things just keep getting better...
Messi is playing so well!
Kings behind? OH NO
Que lindo es vivir en la capital de la humedad
I love it when people care about me so much that I want to kill myself .
Good morning friends. I hope you all are feeling as amazing as I am today.
Here's 's thoughts on &amp; spotting with sentiment analysis!
I seriously could not live without rfd
The best part of going to college is hearing everyone's opinions of what you should major in and what career to pursue.
Alright! Another Rusev squashes his opponent match
Let's get Perk the \"W\", he deserves it!
Nothing boosts your ego like a 70 year old schizophrenic client telling you you're magnetic and irresistible
What a nice day to spend inside at the DMV
Shoutout to the lady who yelled at servicemen for celebrating Independence Day. Way to be.
What a great week...
Such a brilliant night...
Ayat makan dalam . Aku tingkat 17 -,- RT \": Bestnye puasa tahun ni tak payah naik tangga sampai tingkat 16. Huhu \"
Caught myself marking time to the music at work today.
I love when 16 yr old kids back into my car!!!
You know who's snapchat story was super dope?
Wasn't supposed to
Why dont Repubs investigate/expose socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
Man soon I'll be in Cali...
My first \"live tweet\" and it's my long walk home. So exciting!
because beating the shit out of people is illegal.
Keep tweeting instead of communicating. Because that makes things so much better.
because I'll totally finish the common app in, oh, 5 hours. because I need to get it done right now.
Great start for England
Gosh it's like 1000 degrees inside or atleast it feels like it
Happy ending :/
I can't wait for my three hour freshman college orientation on thursday!!
Done 2 events at sportsday and popped my knee, joys to the world!!!
This video isn't gay at all and I don't love it
Not a high thought at all
Oh and I'm currently on twitter right now through my computer
I love when people get mad for stuff I have no control over
I love when girls post a picture of their boyfriend every single week for man crush Monday
Goal for England yay
There's nothing like waking up feeling as if someone beat the crap out of me
Love it when plays Pharell Williams' "Gush" ("tonight I wanna be dirty girl") before a kid movie.
This dude is an expert on every sport. Nfl, nba, World Cup, mlb, etc.
My cousin's wife....
Man...I couldn't imagine doing anything other than spending my Sunday at good old prime time part rental
Duke of ed tomorrow yay im in such a good mood yay yay yay
If I don't get my phone fix by Thursday it'll be by next week and that'll be great too.
If you're not Indian, American or Lana del Ray themed. Then you're doing EDC wrong and need to go home. Lol.
Loving this sore throat.
Back in Hattiesburg. Yayyyyy
Well my life sucks at the moment. YAY.
This printer reminds me of bob Marley cause it wont stop jamming srsly!
Life's Tragedy is that we get Old too soon and Wise too Late !!\n\n
I love it when my friends are just so supportive of what I want, its lovely hearing bitch fall out of your mouth
I can't sleep it's midnight &amp; i have to get up at 6 to start planning my friend's wedding since I'm the maid of honor yippee
Catching up on ...Ferne and Harry are dicks, just putting it out there because I'm sure you all really care what I think...\n
Hanley really is a delightful place
Oh no! I'm watching last night's episode of KUWTK when I've only gotten up to season 4 on Netflix! Spoilers!
Wait we as American's play soccer... and we have a national team? Did we stop playing baseball?
Lets hope Rooney stays on the field. He's been absolutely deadly and effective, as always
Oh thank god that my golfing won't have limits anymore. I was so annoyed.
Sometimes it hurts physically to hold in my comments.
Just remembered I got the ACT in the morning....
Sat in the car with nothing to do
I love having to work at a bar in the middle of the day on the 4th of July. Because it's just so busy right now.
yes, I'm the dude with the skateboard on the bus. SMART bus customer service is second to none, too.
FINALLY THEY SCORED ONEEE GOALLLL!
So excited for tech week!!11!!1!11!!!
I keep hearing there is football on all week, but all I see is soccer.
Sometimes I drink a glass of water.. Just to surprise my liver..! :D
What am I supposed to do say it's alright I mean you only cheated on me right?
Danny granger and mcroberts..lbj def staying now
A Japanese player named Honda scored.... I never would've guessed he was Japanese..
What makes this day more jolly is a big dog fight over a piece of chicken!
Holy shit, I have skin! ####
I have the urge to tag in any of my tweets because people don't seem to get it.
Ground floor WiFi = Bakra Pvt Ltd \n1st floor WiFi = Bakri Pvt Ltd\n\nA happy couple &lt;3 \n\n
Off to another job that I hate Whoo!
Wait... Hold up! has daughter? I didn't know that!!
I love staying up late troubleshooting Windows Update!
This new system in the ER is effing HORRENDOUS. Gonna be stressed all day... Thanks new owners! You're just swell!
i love sweating in my suit before i even make it to work.
No place I'd rather spend my Saturday morning than the eye doctor!!
Lebron to Cleveland?! WHAT?! Didn't see that coming?!
one keynote in the modi address watt laga di.. duryodhan was also not spared...
I have the best luck ..
If the Rockets dissed Lin then the Dream dissed DeSouza by giving Schimmel a \"14\" jersey during the draft
Ahh, spending a nice quiet evening in the 99 degree computer room waiting for chilled water to actually be chilled.
We've been having beautiful sunny weather in Ireland these passed few days... I've a tan to make ANY vampire jealous
I :) am :) so :) happy :) right :) now :)
New phone coz my note 1 finally gave up hahaha
Why, that's unheard of!
Gotta love repeat episodes of
DemocRATS ruining it for RINOS and genuine conservatives?? Jump back, get outta town
Personally I love being ignored
It's nice to you cared just soooo much.
Kahit clear plastic or yung frame lang bawal? Sobrang reasonable naman ah and completely logical. Mabuhay ang Pilipinas.
My internet was down last night so I spent some time with my family
A morning of is what I've got ahead of me. Shaping up to be a good morning with my grandfathers.
Russia's invasion to South Korea's box.
I'm going to take a shower. Hopefully I'll get out before lebron makes a decision.
Diffusion and Cell Transport yay!\n
Thank you instagram for letting me know who everyones dad is
Today has started off fantastic! It's gonna be a great day!
Everybody is excited about Papa John's.. I'm over here like "crap" that's where half my shifts are during prime lunch hour..
Great start to this fine morning
I was hoping to get a nice healthy dose of stress and unhappiness this morning. Thanks world!
This is going to be a great fucking night.
Hinge and tinder really sinks your friends stories that they don't know any good guys... Come on. These guys are top notch
Oh, do take your time in choosing a freaking seat.. Thank you very freaking much..
Well if $KO were to get taken private, I guess that would easily pave the way for $AAPL to finally get added to the Dow.
I just love sitting in my car
Another glorious day of being restricted but being made to go in. Thank god they give me work to do
Both of which are not in Gorai.
Spanish final you are mine ??
Poetic or what now lol
And as I see incredible things happen in Washington Breaking Dawn is on TV! How empowering! LOL!
'DRIVE CAREFULLY, DEAR!'
Argentina can only score from solo efforts by Messi. Yea this is definitely a world class team
Oh yeah I'm just fucking girls because I'm not getting any guy action ... You caught me! Guilty! -_-
Fox News pundit \"If you mess up multiple times &amp; cheat on your wife, my advice is DON'T ADMIT IT\"\n \nSneak around, lie. Great idea
needs to make up it's mind. or ? Flying from Canada to = 3 languages for every announcement.
Waking up to a message from only your sperm donor, great... Just freaking great.
Literally was swimming when it decided to snow.
Mmmmonnnday where have you been you sexy bitch
Gee whiz... I wish it would just rain already...
You ignore me every day of the week, and then tweet like that to me.
Off to a great Sunday morning
I'm living the life
Mrs Brown's Boys the movie, out soon. Comedy movie of the decade. Discuss.
Glad to see chose to use a term \"tasker\" coined by us two years ago..
2 goals &amp; a 1 point total. Well done England! And my class sweepstake team is out. Boo!
This is so fucking fun. I'm having the best time ever.
Wikipedia?! I didn't know you were such an expert! \/Off :) It's time to say goodbye now nutter ;)
Okay, quindi l'Italia ha perso. Come mi dispiace.
Pressure at its finest
Alright its 4:14 am and im going in the showerrrr
Thing I love best about DC? Running into people you're trying to avoid
I'm really thrilled right now!
Yes, Tamra - EVERYTHING Heather does is just to upset you. And it's on purpose.
Blake just said I was the coolest kid he knew...
Didn't realise I lived next door to moltos
Argentina, they have messi . but sorry, Germany have a team -0
I would like to say a big thanks to for getting me addicted to ........ .... lol
This day can't get any better -_-
Today has just been sooooo fabulous!!!
This game is riveting....
I really love when my best friend ditches me for her boyfriend constantly
So I literally died of laughter
Wait is there a haboob in Az?
They prepped the way for Obama decades ago, 2 years is nothing!
Just another one of those days where it's absolutely fantastic to be a girl
Maybe coke could save games again
I feel I'm at my best when I'm using a rubber band as a hair binder.
when texts me, I can't tell if she is being serious or not
Wow my phone is blowing up with texts guys, relax.
Wau gano argentina que bueno .. dios vamos carajo... -_-
Excellent! Clarke Carlise is on the commentary for this one
I just love how much my family understands potssyndrome
Apparently the new Transformers sucks... Thats a shock
Absolutely disgusted. What was chiellini doing shoving his shoulder into Suarez's teeth
So mad I missed the pulls last night! That's like the highlight of my summer!
My favorite thing in the world is when people tell me I'm not doing enough.
Did LeBron decide which team to join yet? I couldn't sleep I was so concerned.
Siiigh.. 3 years from IST and my photoshop skills are absolutely brilliant
Love waking up to an empty house! So much better than school!! \n
What great start to my weekend... \n\n
To the two old dudes having a conversation in the middle of a four-lane road this morning, thanks for waving me past
Not sure but is it this weekend and is it ? I've heard nothing about either
you know it!
Ahahah ;p ": ": dont count on it..." oh I forgot to put . That's just too obvious ainit."
I just took a step back and observed my morning state; mood, behaviors...sounds. I am quite the catch...
How's london? Do you have an english accent or nah
Nothings happening. That's the issue. needed. Apply within &amp; necessary lol
I'm friends with the mouse that's under my bed.
It's not like I wrote ~that~ much today... I only wrote 16 pages so far. I've written 64 &amp; have like 36 left.
\"I may have two or three different showmances going on at one time.\" Wow, can't wait...
Not that i need sleep anyways.
Yeah, lets put Chris Algieri vs Manny Pacquiao, that will surely bring those PPV buys up to 1 mil...
NHL decides the goalies are just playing too darn good so in honor of the World Cup, the 3rd OT will be played with soccer goals.
I just love how a guy thinks that if they had you once, they somehow own you and can have you anytime
Well this is the first summer that Ill have a job since I've started teaching....this is gonna be sooo much fun
We should definitely keep letting them take open shots.
Well Titans fans looks Ike another great year ahead . Pre-season ranking of (30\/32)
It seems that people dont get Jesus Christ
A'las, the Presidential Pre-Election Weapon of Choice has been unleashed on the opposition. The EFCC had become relevant again....
Turns out having summer classes 4 days of the week isn't as fun as it sounded
LOL ooh NOOOO i'm sure that stings him
I love how realistic One Tree Hill is about the publishing world.
Yeah, quit talking about LeBron you idiots on ESPN! He isn't the greatest player in the world or anything....
I always love listening to a period of sports talk
-haven't said bye fo ever to any1
Good job you totally deserved to advance. You didn't lose as bad as someone else.
Gotta love not having a sleeping pattern, &lt;3 ...
Is Mikel slow? Never saw that at Chelsea
I love not being able to make my own decisions.
I hope you have a daughter who's just like you, they said.
well that was a very \"uplifting\" prep course talk i've never been so depressed in my life
Ending in a shoot out? This is the weirdest hockey and I've ever seen
You know how girls can be so overdramatic and cause you hassle when you rape them
Just got my physio appointment come through finally... oh I am sooooo excited...
is just one of the many services I offer to people who ask stupid questions.
I especially love the tight sensation around the heart, behind the upper sternum, &amp; going up behind the throat.
I really gotta work on watching my mouth.
People put your money on it now 3-2 England-
Forever always early for my shift.
Just gotta love this summer in Finland...
ofc i got acc &gt;_&gt;
Hoy mi celular no ha dejado de sonar.
He can't speak Mexican
should we be on the watch for an expanded definition of \"fox\" to include \"anything wearing s Yes badge\"?
What kind of name is Augustus Waters? If you know an Augustus I'll follow you because your obviously more interesting than me.
All girls alliance? Boy that's never been done before.. At least not in the first 30 minutes.
heh, rackel (RACL), packel (PACL) and ackel (ACL) all in less than a minute viewing a presentation, NICE! :/
I just love when others try to tell me what's best for me
Hey sir, your joke's not worth the laugh. Sorry! -_-
-- Really, never happened before. OMG, authors this year are different...? Shocked. D:
Happy to know that christian business owners can now proselytize the masses via insurance policies.
Nice marking from Jagielka for the goal...
Nothing nicer than being ignored
I absolutely love it when this happens
Nice defending by Brazil
Can't wait for all the firework pictures on Instagram in about an hour.
Another great start to the week
I got classes &amp; work to go to.. :/ BLEH!
Damn sure didn't...but then again you never do! : I aint eeenn do anything lol
Twice in one day? How'd I get so lucky Starting off with saying you haven't seen me go on a date in years is NOT going to get you 1
What are worried about? The TEA Party is dead. They don't even matter anymore.
Gas station restrooms are the best!
Wanna make sure your computer will overheat, for no reason, and only a year and a half after buying it? Buy it with Windows!
this role so fun.
I just love fake people their my favorite!
Christopher Columbus died of syphilis in the Tower of London, they don't teach that in the schools, wonder why, .
So much fun waiting 2.5 hours for an appointment! That's what dreams are made of!
Dr tukimat ni boleh tahan malas mcm aku. Nak translate abstrak ke dalam bahasa pun malas alasan xde masa haha pastu suruh den
I'm shocked MT : LeBron's agent informs Heat that he will exercise early termination option, making James a free agent
Well. Work will be fun tonight now then :/
I love all my followers \n
world cup? instead of my country LOL I love my nationality so much
Hahaha You think your a man because you sleep around with girls .... your cute .
Good thing my vacation is only 184 days away
No, it's okay I really do like when my internet\/phone\/tv all go out for 30 minutes every night at this time.
BRO YOU JUST BURPED REALLY LOUD THAT SHIT CRAY
Haha wow you're funny...
4 more months until a certain birthday that I'm definitely not counting down to
I woke up from my nap to find my shorts were inside out. I think I was touched in my sleep...
Lifelong dreams CAN come true!!! Just me and Adam and
Why is this guy here?
Clase labia prix, me estas convenciendo
I just love work 15 hour days.
Hahahahaha3 SO7.. How....
We dont like the term "insane'' , we prefer ''Mentally hilarious'' .
is alive :)
thanks for always remembering I exist.
great start to this game
Anybody have God Bless America, The Twerk Remix?
Glenn is so good.
Make \"how clean someone's desk is\" a metric for . Tidy scientists are better scientists - better than h-index.
Yaaaasssss Jay and Bey!!! Im experiencing my first and only concernt on TV!!!
Such a shame that Uruguay are out of the World Cup...\n
workers want more money... With the "great" service they provide... They should have nooooo problems.
Grand parents house for 3 days, this should be a blast!
We need to talk about that scene in Legend where the Unicorn is poisoned n' gets its horn cut off. It symbolizes rape today
Diploma prep is more fun when there's a LITERAL neo-nazi in front of u who wont stop gushing about how "great" the Germans are
Not gonna be home till Monday, this is just fantastic
11 A.M?!?!?!? Is NUTS? :( Can't catch this one. Thank you NASCAR so much
knetz, the most perfect people in the world...yeah
It's easy for me to get attention. All i have to do is going around streets wearing skirts or short pants and people stare at me
That's just awesome, thanks
was a death hoax gone viral on Twitter. Whew! So happy to know that Soulja Boy is alive.
Last night I dreamt that my house was on fire. That was nice.
The fact that I had one friend show up to my grad party and 3 others had told me they were coming makes me feel sooo great...
Well we lost, guess we suck again
Deep fried goats cheese and a salad? Technical!
Cant wait to milk the goats today!!!
This is gonna be a long drive and week! Brecon in the Black Mountains, cannot wait!
Jamming on the brakes and pulling halfway off the road is soo much safer than talking while driving.
My wife is in heaven: USA v Ghana followed tv Tigers vs. Royals.
I vaguely remember the sound of thunder waking me up last night
\": vivimos en un mundo donde todos son expertos en todo... uno puede ver cada perfil en twitter... guaaaooo \"
\nSome people get it. \nSome people don't.
The Mavs front office making some great moves
Wow tonight's show really was better than Christmas morning!
Gosh being 20 is so much fun, like who wants to turn 21 anyways
Hey Buck holy .... Jays need to improve ... Score runs etc... No sh*t! Is that how ya win?
Yes, yes, we should print more money. Then we'd be richer.
I have a fun night ahead. Getting stitches removed! Can't think of anything I'd rather be doing!
havent studied however but i did so eat every thing in the house
Thanks to the aunt who won't stop asking about our old relationship....
Just what I needed.
twitter yield estimates rapidly declining with catastrophic flood\/wind damage to 98% of twitter corn fields today
My poor rake is going to have his agency compromised pretty severely soon. I almost feel sorry for him.
Do you know what my favorite text msg has been? "Hi"
Heard about a big brother app, just what the world needs, .
Awesome for you!
So many people care about me
I love people who haven't flown since 911, they are the reason air travel is sooo much fun...
Magkikita na naman kami ng paborito kong prof HAHAHA
Oh what does Alan shearer know, what has he ever achieved!?
Embiid looks thrilled to be a 76er
Thank you for adding a little drama and intensity to such a dull game.
... Especially when it puts off the air ... We're back tho! Silly lightning... why you gotta be like that?
Picture of a woman's arse on the DM match report really brought it home for me.
Busy day at work and bales tonight, it's alright I don't need sleep!
Gettin out your wisdom teeth is truly a great time
Shoutout to the other group at work for appreciating and my help on their unit.
Forgot how pretty harold hill was...
Just got hit in the eye with a baseball
I see has been busy
creating help screens are best part of
My allergies are killing me and my head hurts. This is cool.
Perfect double blind experiment idea: measure emotions/sentiments over Facebook's experiment with users emotions.
Hmmm, stay in and watch Netflix or go out and blow money... Gonna have to think about this one hard
I should probably go to sleep... But I'm kinda excited about tomorrow!
A guy I barely know comes to check on me. I have great friends obviously
*salutes*\": lool.. chai RT Das_: Thanks, sir. *didn't even know that's what it's called, ... Oyibo bu agbara* \"
3rd wheelin it to california! This is going to be the best trip ever!!!
Shootings at the Ultimate Place 2 B?! Wow, I'm shocked.
Guess this is all I'm gonna have to hear for the next hour. Yay me
Well, my dads back with his ex girlfriend that I hate. My life just got that much better..
You changed your profile picture again?! I'm so surprised because it's not like you ever change it
Thanks dvr box for restarting yourself in the middle of game 5 of the . Exactly what I wanted. ?
I predicted Spain getting thrashed....
Sexist gaming be damned, I'm gonna play Battlefield! I'm still pissed about "professional girl gamer" out there
OMG these kotex ads are so offensive!
Nice tatts loyd.
Didn't know cured world hunger...and malaria...why don't boots sell it?
Without even looking I'm guessing no Emmys for . Why start recognizing the best show on TV now?
Gave her 8 y/o a cigarette -- parenting done right folks
I love it when companies send you an email to confirm you've unsubscribed from their email list.
Guess what Latinos in ,, Rangel will win again! No, he still doesn't give a sh!t about you, but that's OK!
Whenever I hear \"Only God Knows Why,\" by Kid Rock it reminds of just how good of a singer he is
It's so fucking raw when people call you on private.
My family is so great at leaving on time!
Dear autocorrect: chances are, I am not typing the word 'duck'. That is all.
How DARE execute his duties, he should be traitorous like ...
Came home just now. Mentally drained and exhausted.. Have grad tomorrow. Yay.
i love being ignored yes the feels
Can't wait for my Sox to face Chris Sale tonight.
Oh how I just love going to court.
I just love how they took sumn like the Bible and was able to make a gameshow out of it
Whoever knocked over my motorcycle in the parking lot, thanks for leaving my broken mirror on the seat &amp; standing it up.
Chemistry work, Yay!
I absolutely love the fact that people get pissed off at me because I care for my child's well-being.
Yes, thats right lady, pull with a twisting jerking motion! That's the ticket!
It's a Friday and I'm at home, how great is that?
Video game time is soooooo important.
Bag it you faggot
So when the dragons attacked King's Landing and ate all the Lannister's tonight...
16 hr. shift today. I am overjoyed.
My day was just perfect.\n
be like: Spurs titles don't count because Jordan was retired.
Love spending my birthday alone.
I can already tell today is gonna be a fun day
I love when car accidents happen right outside my house
LOVE waking up to screaming children.
You should know what it means!
My friends must think I'm oh so attractive by the snapchats I send.
S\/O to oomf for texting back :-)
but who cares? Only muslims are suffering under ' law -
I'm so glad it's raining, it's been pretty dry lately
Am I the only one who has tried to draw the G in Gazette but then epically failed?
I love my ISP. Give's me the best connection in town!
My cat just ADORES 4th of July week in our neighborhood. Fireworks all week! Hooray!
Damn that scrape on the knee looks real bad
Thank you for playing spoilsport ! It sooooo good to b back home!
Dawn of The Planet of The Apes sounds like it could have used \"of the\" a couple more times!
Get real, man...
Thanks, for making it IMPOSSIBLE to get an answer in regards to a billing error. You ROCK at customer service.
Like how invited me to the gym this morning.
I must confess, I have greatly missed the sweet dulcet tones of trombone wafting through the house
Yeah, let's make a furry news account that only retweets furries, it will be so original!
My life is so awesome!
Yay its Hemel and the Magic Roundabout! Yay!
OMG DM O.o seriously ... i thought DM is now called hahahahaha
Don't you love it when you get sick and can't leave your house??
Tryna be original keepin it 100... Lol okayyyyy
oh it was good. It felt like I was on the plane forever, and the children on there cried all the time. But it was a nice flight
Sometimes I cheat on my cable box with the DVD player. Yeah, I'm so bad
I just love working on the 4th!!
Got to play in the rain. It was soo much fun.
hahah shes such a slut omg she loves the feeling of sex ahahaha omg
Oh I enjoy the ups and downs in life.
And the " Nazi " word is trending... Well done Twitter... Well done -_-
After years of waiting, England football team are as good as Spain!
I just love being ignored.
Shout out to my family for leaving me food in the house
Arthur's Day is cancelled. It is to be replaced by five Arthur's Weekends. Sense prevails.
I just love being ignored!
LT... But does include millions of dollars to renovate THEIR building in Richmond.
is wasted on a 3year old.
So no one is watching. .
That was the most peaceful conversation ever!
their is thin line between and ,,,!!!
No disrespect from male CPC MPs towards female opposition MPs - none at all. . Latest, Peter Van Loan.
England lose and a possible fractured arm
.LIKE GOD FORBID YOU CAN AFFORD A FRIDGR AND STOVE AND GAS IF YOU'RE RLY POOR RIGHTTTTTT
We're never going to score again lol
Don't drop that thun thun :) \nI just don't wanna life on this planet anymore
Someone give Phil Neville a red bull or something, he sounds so excited
Wait which team is Mexico and which team is Brazil?? I'm confused
Retweet if you hate Sprint. Favorite if you hate Gor-don. Do both and you'll verify my existence as a Social Media Guru.
Yeah, Sidney Crosby was the MVP this year # yeahright
Such a shame that Belgium are out, because Hazard was runing this World Cup
Gerrard &amp; Hart sharing then?
More work...yay! :/
My life is so much fun ya. Blah blah blah.
Newest plan to deal with mess: use their insurance to get Viagra. Sell Viagra on black market. Use money to buy IUD.
IBS flare-up resulting in painful, beach-ball esque tummy plus cocked up trains = a perfect start to the week! Welcome to Monday!
So my parents decide its time to wake me up by having a loud conversation outside my window about me. Just what I need thank you!!
So that was Friday Night WOW so interesting
Thanks CNU for your timely email letting us know a man who served us food for three years has been charged with 1st degree murder..
I love being blamed for things that weren't my fault
Have more ads, Hulu. Have more ads.
On 1 hour of sleep feeling like a CHAMP!
BREAKING: Mahmoud Abbas to lay wreath at Hebron gravesite of Baruch Goldstein.
Oh it must just be so hard living your life
Sometimes I wonder whether the world is being run by smart people who are putting us on or by imbeciles who really mean it.
oh my god i didn't even know korra was even back. good job cn for promoting it so well
Oh no Fred is injured...how will Brazil survive
After a quality weekend, nice bit of concreting to start the week...
I wonder how the state-of-art equipments &amp; spies 're gonna curb with self-appointed sultan sulu &amp; his followers with parangs.
Nothing says good morning like taking the dogs on their morning walk and walking right into a giant spider web!
Wow, a koi tattoo!!! How original... Will there be lotus flowers also?
I sing better with the volume all the way up and earphones in.
Jaime Garcia is injured ant out for the year? I'm shocked. Shocked.
Lovely walk back to London Colney this morning from school not 10 minutes after arriving.
Who needs weekends anyway? I love working weekends!
BUSINESSES SHOULDN'T BE FORCED TO PAY FOR YOUR VIAGRA. IF YOU WANT TO HAVE SEX LIKE A WHORE, PAY FOR IT YOURSELF, MOOCHERS.
So TTP is threatening PTI and JI for supporting Army. I thought PTI was TTP's ally!
When everything goes wrong in a day and all you can think is "I love my life."
CPR training...yay, what fun!
Wow, that was enough to choke a horse. Sorry about that.
19th and 20th! Woohoo!
Wait people from Mineola like Portuguese soccer
Spawn killing. You are the worlds greatest. How do you do it... Like how do you acquire so much skill. Wow.
Man I would like to hear something about lebron james. I wonder were I can find some news.....
Brazil missing the stellar defense of Neymar
Is world gonna end soon ?
Bye bye Cristiano Ronaldo. Have a safe flight back to Portugal
LeBron &amp; the Heat will be fine if they add a couple of more all-stars, a veteran role player &amp; a late steal in the 1st rd.
I really do care,hey? *straight face* .
It's so easy to save people's lives now a days. All you have to do is sing about underwear and BAM someone didn't die today.
I love listening to people complain about my work while I'm on break.. It makes my dayyyyyy
Elise is trying to eat 3 weetabix at once
Mujer seria y juiciosa gana donde sea!
Ahhh...the wonderful...late night sounds of remaining fireworks stashes.
Way to go on the subtweet.
Wow today is such a wonderful day.
Work is so much fun!
An avg 1B wouldn't have a chance at that ball... BUT Nate made it look easy. Hey How tall is he again?
So freaking happy is coming to the vineyard tonight!!! Gonna cause havoc
I love having a shitty day.
I can't wait for mpls to be the site of the Derek Jeter ASG.
I want to be so self-important that I have a Bluetooth device attached to my ear even when it's not in use.
those americans... such charm many attractiveness
Well that's great.
Can't wait to spend all this time sleeping by my freaking self.
I liked the ending to OITNB idk maybe because I didn't go to school to study film and get paid to rate shows like you guys
So i don't care even though I cried for you all night and morning. Yea i really don't.
When your mother yells at you in front of your whole family....
Gah I love being ignored...
I don't know you like that, jussaying RTRT : (I like how is the one angry about this)
Burning your fingers. Always a great thing.
Thank you for another exciting inning.
Couple of cheeky beers at home and do it all over again tomo. So much love for working a Saturday
12 years ago from today we moved into this beautiful valley
Ya well it's a great fucking summer so far
It's winters days like this that make me miss England
Looks like penalties, shame England couldn't reach this stage, they're virtually unmatched from the spot.
Wow I had a great 4th of July
I LOVE WORK!!
Sarap pakinggan ng kumakanta lalo na kapag iba ung key nya sa tono ng tugtog!! !!!! !!
Because asthma attacks at 10pm are awesome. Yeah. So fun.
Do all older Afrikaans women believe that only trolls like in Cape Town\/South Africa. Yeah we bread troll looking girls here.
What if it's just ? what if we, as an intelligent white race, because I enjoy , make degrading racial slurs, 2 TEACH
:)) \": Diego Costa just can't score at home\n\"
Well today is such a great day!!
I forgot how classy new braunfels can be.
This place is utter craziness.
are playing in mk ???? Well advertised
Why isn't Andre Santos playing for Brazil?
I found out my birthday is actually the day I was born like wtf who knew that
After 3 hours of searching, I just found the perfect spot at Phoenix airport. Glad I still have two hours to enjoy it.
Gahh...I hate you Kings...but congrats for dashing my dream of seeing the Rangers win
My patience is like a full tank water.. Once is drain i really dont what else can i do ...
So nice of all the hipsters doing Locks of Love! And to think this whole time I thought they were just growing it out to look cool
Oh passive aggressive people are the best.
Enlgand... LOL well done! No, really, well done!
I forgot how brilliant you were as a player.
Such a constructive argument! Well done!
So excited for my mammogram.
I'm glad you have enough respect for me to not play on your phone and drive.... Oh wait.
Oh good, Mark Lawrenson's doing the commentary for this game. He's fantastic and so exciting. \n\n
Seriously when were July 5th firecrackers early in the morning a thing
All I want this Wednesday is for everyone to just shut the fuck up until Friday\n
Setting my alarm for 5:06 instead of 5:05 because the minute makes the difference.
Please, just let today get worse! I beg you...
Its Ok .. I didn't want to see any pictures anyway.
Embiid looks excited
Love it when the bartender, who you know, charges you more than 6$ per shot of fireball bc she doesn't like you
Brazil look like they could be heading home.
STFU, Chris Brown, there ain't no such thing as a loyal hoe.
Wow I'm so glad I downloaded the Tumblr mobile app just so none of the pictures would load
Ahh yes, it's
I really do love working on beautiful days
I'm having a good time eating my dinner.
Well my day is going swimmingly, best Friday to date!
Friends: Bro you need a girlfriend...\n\nMe: Ah yes let me go and pick up a fresh one from the store.\n\n
Thanks Jai :)
With all the cops &amp; choppers out and about, you'd think was visiting or something.
Come this Thursday we will find out who the real 'Murica-haters are. They'll be the ones watching
Please can you post more mixes? We simply don't get enough filling our feeds everyday!!\n\nplease
I think 14 and half hours at daap was long enough for today. I'm not trying to break any records or anything!
When you have to cancel your plans cause your family want you to be their taxi for the day &lt;&lt;&lt;
Oh yes, this is the perfect environment for a teenage girl. \n
I do like Andy Murray but I do also genuinely believe that he's slightly autistic.
I'm sure all this fuss surrounding Fnatic's invite to TI4 will help Era out loads.
Oh yeah I just didn't want to hang our with Anyone today.
\": I have awesome friends! \" Maybe you should make new ones
I hope Britney Griner becomes a free agent she does not make us wait like LeBron.
nada como terminar o domingo em casa sozinho
Looking forward to work today. Our new system goes live and it's really exciting.
Maybe you like to drink because you are Irish.
BREAKING NEWS: Lebron will make a decision on his future sometime soon. Stay posted
Love getting prank calls
Does any of my amazing 3 followers* know where I can get Tomodachi life the cheapest?
Bought me some box of latex gloves and mask and some containers for my wet and dry cotton balls bc im so ready for 3rd year
Happy Fathers Day
Thanks for installing all these unnecessary speed bumps
:-) It was *hard to twll* who you were cheering for Salud!
So much fun getting to wake up every 4 hours during the night for the next month.
caked myself in aftersun today...such beaut tan lines
Colombia lost falcao Germany lost Reus France lost Ribery &amp; England is sweating over welbeck
Almost 24hrs to correctly deploy a cloud server. I love the cloud
All of this LeBron talk makes me miss Brett Favre.
Seriously don't touch my ears.. yeah they're gauged...
The nameless sidekick guy died!?!? NOooo! I am SO shocked! I never saw it coming.
Finally canceled my ucas and student finance. Can't wait to start the whole process again in September
Please reset my ports telkom :) because i love paying for a 10 MB and receive 4 MB . Cant play with multiple users online
Thank you, scheduling nurse, for getting back to me.
Apparently I'm writing about geopolitics and gender relations again. Cuz that'll go over well!
Always fun changing a blowout on the shoulder with semis flying by a couple feet from you at 10:30 at night...
So you picking up what I'm putting down\n
Shout out to the yutes who helped me
I love all of my 1,000 and odd followers that never retweet or favorite. Fuck you you're awesome.
Only god, and people who do it in the name of god are justifiably allowed to kill people!!!
Wow I got zero firework snap chats
Life is just awesome ... :D
Wow Verlander great job
10 horas de trabajo! Ma' bueno que e' asi. \n
Don't u just love upgrading walls!!
Coming home to find that the fire alarm has been going off for several hours give me faith that i would be saved if it was real!
Telling the Internet " can't bullshit a bullshitter"(referring to yourself) will really make people want you.
I applaud you for your mediocre idiocies
social media is always changing. what?! no? srsly? who knew?
I just know that if I ever do intend to say \"ducking\" autocorrect will duck up yet again...
13 hour days in the sun are fun..
1 love, the bigger love
Anthony said he was gonna call me and then he fell asleep last night. Yep. Goodnight. God, stop talking to me so much.
Nothin better than burning the roof of my mouth
People who cant spell and have terrible grammar..you are awesome
has now "accidentally" bitten three players. What bad luck.
Always good to come back to work.
oh no the stream is cutting out.
I swear people make so much sense
Van gaal tactical genius.... Reinventing the long ball game
Katy Perry blasting, surrounded by sick people. great first day of summer.
If you have a boyfriend, but don't make him your every week, do you really have a boyfriend?
Well, another successful day on social media. I rule at this. Tomorrow I may or may not be silent.
When do they hand out awards to the refs for their superb work in the finals?\n
SAW MAH BESTIES SANAHAN AND MANAN AT THE CCC
I love waking up at 5am for work
So tonight my fellow skippers taught me about dating\/dating life it was pretty interesting I learned a lot
Oh no, the Chinese Premier has backed the 'No' campaign. What a devastating blow this is.
Shoutout to the calendar on iPhones reminding me that today is Flag Day.
And i'm like 'sex sex sex sex'
Dad turned off the internet and ruined my online classes and placement for accounting exam. Thanks a lot!
Glad to see the new heathrow terminal two have got their act together.
Iran vs Nigeria just doesn't get the juices flowing the way it use to
| you know a rap artist is super insightful and poetic when his lyrics consist of the N word shouted over and over.
Or I could you know, get a life
Govt doesnt support vets anyway so let's spit on the graves of fallen w\/ US military alliance w\/ Iran against Iraq insurgency
Dah kena 4-0.. Nampak mcm Ronaldo dh berlari-lari warm up utk msuk kjp lagi.. Habis la Germany
I feel so sorry for all those with exams left
I just love weedeating all morning.
LeBron looking for a foul call?... You don't say, who could have predicted that?
I've got a question. Does anyone know where I can get information about where LeBron might be playing next year? Who's\ncovering it?
they're just really fucking weird
All I do is sleep and that's cause all I feel is being sleepy!
So we went from having coffee to a Picnic with Cheetos and ice cream in the dark.
Just love it when my laptop completely dies
It's so classy when people walk round with cigarets tucked behind their ear
Math is my favorite.
I love how everyone in my TL is so creative they can actually add captions to Yonghwa+Mom moment @ the AP
I wonder if riders will say stages like these should be eliminated, 2 crashes in 30 seconds!
Ok friends, rare date night is calling. Off to the gym (yay! ) then to see the Edge of Tomorrow. Have a fun night everyone.
the account is created by a really creative person
Pouliot obviously has no hand eye
GREAAAAAAAATTTTTTTT JUST WHAT I WANTED.
The days that the dust is so thick you can't breathe are the best.
Just love when I text of snapchat someone and they just open it and don't reply.
Overnight, the masses on the internet had a melt down because Facebook was down? Seriously? Oh, priorities!
Iowa drivers are so intelligent
oh boy I can't wait until 12 AM when NBA free agency starts. then 12 PM when NHL free agency starts. let the rumors begin.
Before you say those things make sure that your tongue is properly connected to your brain. :)\n\n
Changed my tumblr theme! Finally I feel like I've got my life together but :3
Wow what an outstanding performance again from . Defence is so good. The passing is crisp and always complete.
School is so great:-))))))))))) ... It makes .... Me .... So happy :-))))))))) I love everything about it :-)))))))))
LeBron got called for a travel?! This game must be fixed! He never travels!
*grumblysnarls* today is already off to a wonderful start to wrap up this week.
You know what I love? When a ruptured blood vessel is actually a sprained wrist. It's my favorite.
Fuck give me some Meg White
We really needed this rain, wow.
We are just so good.
This is some great summer weather, I love it.
I wont impersonate a federal agent ever again "probably a good idea"
Independence day was well spent alone tonight
Better than beating the sh*t outter people!
Essel world just got two new rides.
It's good to know that it doesn't bother you that what people said would happen in high school.... Happened.
The amount of texts I got today
This is just fantastic...
When you find out your getting ditched over instagram just makes the night so much better! What a great night!!
this is why grace isn't allowed to leave the state, she's the one that protects me from stds!!!
However, there's no " font," so I apologize if I confused any1
If your twitter says your location where you live is \"the gym\"... You're so cool. I wish I was swole like you.
Personally I am hoping Steph wears something reminiscent of the witches costume she wore when kissed her but not really
(No, not really)
Thanks for ending the Cesaro\/Kingston match on the app. West coasters that watch it on DirectTV really appreciate it.
What a great coaching job by Wynalda to bear RSL in the YSOC.
Trying hard not to add extra in my comments.
Why read the books when you can read the fan-fiction? But seriously this should have been about the books
Roughly 26482 tweets on my TL about Gbaby getting shot. Looks like lots of people are having an exciting afternoon out
The joy of sunmer school.
Tell me, what's the death toll in Israel?
waking up to bitching is the best thing to wake up to
Today should just be wonderful
Great job Ferrari. Way to botch that call on the tires. Starting 19th and 20th at Silverstone? Bravissimo.
And people think you're a good person.
Like I don't even care that you opened my snap but chose not to snap back. I don't care at all.
I mean, it wasn't obvious.
oh no it's michael beasley!!
Dengan tweet \"laparnya\" ataupun seangkatan dengannya, ia akan kenyang.percayalah\n\n
Hot humid sweaty day in the city. I should look awesome when I get back to work after running errands
Thank you to everyone who contributed to the destruction
You're a real class act
Band starts today. Yay can't wait
Nearly got run over by a couple junior sailors goofing around and didn't yell or pull husband's rank. I am a bad military wife.
Didn't know that still applies the . So they kill AND humans. But whales for research purposes only.
There is no one in my office right now. This work day is going to be flyyyyyyy by.
I love working when it's a nice sunny day, couldn't think of anything better
Thanks for making it so soldiers not in America can't listen to anymore. We appreciate it.
Yeah as if I'm gonna believe 5sos are not going to take Luke to a club and get him extremely drunk for his 18 birthday
So exited to be working all day when the weather is this beautiful!!
Can't wait for break to start on Thursday! So excited to get 3 days off!
Its going to be another great day at work!
Quite a lot of fouls so far in , really surprised.....
i am not always , sometimes i am sleeping.. zzzzz
Having such a good time babysitting other peoples kids.
Yes Palotta on the field and Bonucci on the bench looks like a fantastic choice # prandelli
I love when people show up on time it's a simple rule gah
Wow today has been just awesome
This will teach you to throw anything but a perfect game..what were u thinking Bauer
Nothing like a bit of drama to start the day.
There's nothing I love more than sitting around for two days waiting for DHL deliveries...
Ooh, ocular migraine. This week continues to bear gifts.
Guess who I want to win the World Cup
Omg, the more "follow me" tweets you post to your favorite celebrity, the more they'll actually follow you!
I bet u didn't know that there is literally no law that requires us to pay an income tax.
Love having such loyal, caring friends.. haha
Whooooo best game of the cup!
GOD I LOVE REDDIT
Pro "teachers" mocking parents with genuine concerns about the standards. A great way to represent their profession
First a 2.5 hour delay, now took us to the wrong gate. What's next, ?
probably the most depressing\/confusing day of the year for children who have two moms\n
I don't know if I'm going to be able to sleep tonight you guys...
I'm done with driving.
I was in some weird ass mood tonight and everything was irritating me and why the hell am I awake
Really looking forward to this England vs Costa Rica game
Oh look, a jury summons. So much joy.
Please make more tiny accessory pieces. I need a sense of accomplishment when I find them.
And maybe Lillyanna won't have soda.
What a great day today has turned out to be!
Ariana Grande performing will ease the loss
Mr Thompson: Australia's nets getting fast now... we just caught up to Mongolian net speed. Mongolia!!\n
Oh look, the height discussion. I've never witnessed this in ts before.
Powernya iklan Alicafe ni
My face is going to look like crap on my birthday. Totally stoked about that.
I love being alone justvthe thought og being alone is amazing -.-
I probably should have included at the end of my last tweet. Oh well.
Ohh how I love talking to you!
Going up north to visit my dad's family !!
I'm really, really struggling to see what Maria sees in him
Aren't we compatible? :)
can't wait for all tha firework snapchats/instagrams tomorrow
Going to see that fault in are stars movie this weekend yay I guess
I'd run if my knees weren't messed up - never heard that one....
I just love being my little brother's chauffeur.
Gosh I love being shot at by air soft guns from 's brothers
This day just keeps getting better and better. Lmao.
Oh man, totally didn't see THAT coming. \n\n
Such a great night.
Woooo for having ti work tomorrow morning
Thanks rain for waiting till I was taking the dog for a walk. I love the smell of soggy collie. .
Zeg.. die Suarez...weten we al wat over zijn schorsing?
Bahagia kena cari tak perlu tunggu kalau tunggu tu bukan bahagia itu buang masa
Yes everyone snapstory the fireworks please!!
Rutherford is really earning his money with that Neal trade.
trains right on time
I really didn't wanna get more than 5 hours of sleep tonight anyway
Taena. Ayos lang. Ayos lang talaga. :))))
You are all jealous of my $19000 student loan
Had a fab week and just to top it off I think I now have conjunctivitis, whoopa!
This sunburn is going to be feeling too good tomorrow.
it is 3:40 AM in India.... I am in office helping an unknown american.... i love it
You know you have good friends when you're sitting alone.
ugh, half hour still to work, then taking mail to mail service... my day is soooo exciting :)))))
Also never play conspiracy with as he has drafted too much of it. And if you do. Kill him first! Lol
I take shits on the phone so you know my shit is real. \n
So glad we're getting Hockaday at , I really think his track record deserves such a high profile job
I just love life
People magazine suggests a $65 candle because everyone has money for that shit.
Yes, I fucking love traffic jams
I literally have two friends who actually want to spend time with me. Wohooo. I'm so happy.
Gorgeous day in the city, glad i got to spend it inside.
So. 3 hours of sleep is a great thing.
imaginable: religion that changes to accompany changing social norms, as all religions do over time. Who would want THAT?
Hah! "fun fact: Calgary is named after founding fathers, it's where Cal and Gary first met "
I wish the wind would blow a little.
Ok so I've got two fucking injueries right now isn't that great?
Watching netflix alone.
Polanco swinging for the 8 run HR there
Oh, and thank you to the drivers who thought it wise to drive through the giant puddles, I really appreciate it
Ah, nothing beats waking up on a beautiful Saturday to a 14 hour shift at work
I think I need to see one more picture of the Cedar Falls sky in a snapchat... I haven't seen it enough yet.
By all means, trade our 2 best pitchers. I'm sure that will work out well in the long run.
A promo to open I'm in total shock
I love spending entire days alone.
: more , less , less state , less , more . such a terrible governor -__-
Dope another violation
OK Panic over,I now have 10 questions thanks for everyone's help.
Now I have to go back to thinking I'm ugly.
Ahhh... my favorite holiday of the year, fireworks in the middle of the night when I'm trying to sleep.
guys wendy is gonna teach me to grill mushrooms... thanks wendy i appreciate it
Well, I for one feel that America's Foreign policy has been vindicated by current events
I'm so happy that I'm going to be free and independent to make my own plans tomorrow and not be told where and what I have to do
The are well on their way to getting shut out again today. 2 runs in 4 games. Yeah, that's a playoff team.
I love ! Mama needs new
Oh rain how much I have missed you
Meanwhile, rockets and bombs in Israel. But hey, we're winning at the football!
Ipagpatuloy mo lang yan :)
I love getting up early.
Did David Beckham really come up with Sky Sports 5 by himself? Who said footballers weren't intelligent!
2.3 or take a knee is the NCAA motto about student athletes. I guess they do care about student athletes.
A flat day-before-NFP. Who would have thought?
A stack of fans turn up to Essendon training and tweet about it. They must be innocent.
Today has been great .
Itv really know when to take a ad break.
No it's not, it's because Brazil have been too far up their own arses for too long.
I can just feel the love when I wear a beanie out.
It's never your fault. It's always someone or something elses fault. Dare you assume responsibility for your actions.
Prevent defense, works every time.
I caused a huge bump to come on my leg by hitting onto my draw real smart Selena,real smart. :P
Still flogging this dead horse ?\nBy posting \"genius\" hasn't endorsed the sentiment\nEver heard of ?
nothing better then working in an Italian restaurants while the Italy game is going to be on
he must be proud
I like nearly bleeding to death.
Yeah I'm doing my dad's garden hedge on Thursday
I love cars that stop 10 feet back from the cross walk and fail to trip the street light signal.
Well...at least my roommate's friends are friendly..
don't drive me into the arms of the imperialists ! fyi
Omg everyone chill don't need to hmu all at the same time now
Can't wait for Olympic Basketball to start so much more thrilling compared to World Cup also better attendance
That restart right there is why we need people to throw beer onto the track!
I wish my love letter emails to my ex-wife's sister could have been "lost" in a computer crash before the divorce
So obviously Hamas are putting up a whole army of civilians against the Israelis.
A true sense of authenticity can be claimed from being part of something bigger than you. This time it's dissertation work at 7am.
OH scanner: Semis racing each other on I-94, hauling rebar. Nothing can go wrong here.
Can ABC replay Tony Parker getting hit one more time? I don't think I see it yet.
Hahahaha you are hilarious!
Don't worry, we all know you worship Obummer RT : Guess I should've put the tag in there? But thanks anyway...
I love being sick sooo much
Well we've never tried Gerrard AND Lampard together!
The haven't scored in 20+ innings &amp; are on track to be the worst offense in 30 years. I'm not even mad! That's amazing!
Wow only 95 pages of of textbook to read tonight, this warms the cockles of my heart.
Just know that.
It'd be really great if my day could get even worse -___-
I am so good at editing.
Hailey: "Do you have a chickfila in College Station?"
Pro \"teachers\" mocking parents with genuine concerns about the standards. A great way to represent their profession
After 12 hours today, I'm so pumped for another double tomorrow
Well, that was fun
Oh no I'm absolutely livid
Wow, you're such a man for hollering at me from behind the wheel of your car.
Yeah, and 8 person alliance, cuz that'll work!
The best part, is when a man shows his perverted side
Everybody on twitter has all the answers.
Another Lol B banger... RT : Lil B - Rick Ross.
Chemistry? Hard? Nahhh. S'easy.
Ok, so, let's be honest- I am here to spread regarding my partner and his
I wonder what brilliant move Bergevin will make today
Feliz NO para ti... que de seguro me lees
Amber's glued to Caleb's HOH. STALKING him.
Good too see Roy realises we need a win tonight and has made changes!!
-greatest country lyric ever
Gotta love the
put 2-1 on before the game, lets hope for a boring second half
No really, I love sluts. Did that sound enough like ?
FRANCE PLS UNSTRIKE AND LET ME GET OUTTA HERE
Why is everyone making a big deal out of this Suarez bite? Havent you gotten used to it by now?
YAY the sims
Oops nearly falling asleep on the bus. Better wake up folk will think I've been working hard
Well done - electricity is out
Brilliant acting from The Bella Twins!
Please, everyone, don't do anything you don't want me to copy. I will do it. I'm such a copy-cat. I don't have my own personality.
It's 4pm and I got 14hrs in for today. Wth . Time flys when your having fun.
So SiriusXM fired Anthony Cumia? Man.., these damn leftists and progressives destroying free speech as we know it!
hahaha welcome back ,
Yay another game of Robben flopping like a fish out of water
Some on tonight.....
And all hail to that Executive Board and top management, who turned the company around.
Apparently no Nigerian woman will be going to the As they are afraid of meeting the real owners of their hair!!Hahaha
That's what happens when you don't play Greg Oden
You're such a comforting person...
This is scary but in an alternate universe Chiellini just received a 4 month ban for shoulder butting Suarez in the mouth. []
So I officially have a journalism degree! I'm sure that'll help me find a job.
All set up for the kart race tomorrow! At least it rained just as we started getting the barriers set
Stepping in dog shit moistened by the rain really starts your day off on the right foot
And here I never thought I'd get to experience this thing everyone's been talking about. It's so nice to be included.
This cold couldn't have come at a better time!
Yay for semi-spontaneous adventures that end up at Hardee's. \n
I just love it when guys get off the phone the minute after I've phone-sexed them to cumming.
Lead now ballooned to 20. Refs are gonna have a hard time winnin it 4 in d 2nd half!
Dear customers, thank you SO MUCH for informing me that my store needs to reorder products that have sold out.
1st strikeout of the evening for Miller.
First day of school and gi tripingan nako sa akong mga friends. Thanks guys... just thanks
Ok, you got me. To make people jealous too... Isn't that the point of fb after all?
Only in the high 90s in ? Golly! It's a right cold spell!
\"It's important not to lose your first game in the world cup.\" BLOODY BRILLIANT INSIGHT.
Just when I think I'm understanding physics, nope! Thanks Klaus.
I hope I see just one more picture of the storm clouds that just rolled over West Michigan
very worth it...
What a great summer vacation I've been having so far..
Why is it that we only hear about the and the when they are used as tools of , .
wow this week is great..
I speak 4 languages. English, Hindi, Marathi and
can't sleep but that's cool not like I actually have to get up in the morning
It's alright Arriva I didn't want to catch the first half of the liverpool match anyway
Yay, my phone is broken! -____-
Frankie must have been shocked to find Devin hadn't showered yet as was talking to Caleb about Amber.
good thing I have plenty of friends to hang out with this summer.
We dont like the term \"insane'' , we prefer ''Mentally hilarious'' .
Wow, is broken again. Shocker.
yo my life is so dope.
After so many years of waiting, England is finally as good as Spain! \n
The rolf Harris bantz is hilarious &amp; totally original......
Just saw is going to talk running game wait what there's more than 1 guy on the team GO BROWNS
I love loosing all my work when word decides to randomly crash
I think my favorite part about being a student is all of the great parking spots that they offer their students.
Huh, Stephen Drew failed to advance runners? That rarely happens....
Molina's stats are epic. I understand why he's so far ahead in voting for catcher.
I just love going to the home days to see ass cheeks and flabby stomachs
God, I really enjoyed all the fireworks videos you posted.
Its so hot, 70 degrees, dying
Love sitting in my room on a Friday night with nothing to do and tomorrow off.
My brother went to a private high school, and I didn't. He made , and I'm on reality TV. Yeah, I win!
breaking all records to make decision!
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
Shoutout to mom for signing us up to do a personal bake sale today... .
I sure know how to pick em
All these England hype commercials...they make me wanna run through a wall or paint the St George's cross in a German's blood!
Didn't see this coming
It's not every day you get to walk 23.43mls,wear a lab coat and low crawl across an attic. \n
helping save people from their own madness is always a great time.
Hoping my seats are close enough for me to tell pence I love him
I fucking LOVE the summer league.
Crazy delays at Broadview station. Amazing.
New solution: strap both Bush and Obama administrations to several hydrogen bombs and drop them on Iraq.
I just love sitting by the pool enjoying this beautiful day while construction goes on across the street
Keselekehan adalah hakmilik hakiki student engineering.
How truly awful.
Setting up for a baby shower is exactly what I want to do before work..
When ex-girlfriends are brought up&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I really want to slap you
Belgian commentator: \"Giroud is not excactly the type to play in tight places\"....Yup he's the counter-attacking type
Well thanks the the support.
I love not being able to sleep like ever
Quuue guay, me van a operar y quitar las cuatro muelas en breve, que chupi jddddddeer
I love weekends cause I get to work 26 hours within a 48 hour gap
I love playing the role of counselor to people in relationships.
That wasn't suspicious at all...
I got told I look 16 today. That's always fun.
like somehow fetuses are totally functioning the SECOND sex happens. that's how it works, right, guys? RIGHT?
That's how you do it in life!!
No, it's okay I really do like when my internet/phone/tv all go out for 30 minutes every night at this time.
Nothing like walking out of the movie with red eyes. That xmen movie was just really intense
Microsoft started with Call of Duty. Big surprises here at E3.
Be careful when you are blindly following the masses... sometimes the \"m\" is silent..
Fred is sooo good
Would love to hear , and talk about the right now.
All is quiet on the usually mouthy Rangers front......... oh it's so sweet
This account is pathetic. Like why follow me? You're not even telling us how we exist!
Sox are getting great "value" of out this Stephen Drew signing.
So Obama is now talking about , oh I can feel the coming at last.
It's a good thing that Conor Casey can get such a high percentage of his shots on target.
Glad to be set straight by an ndper last night about why we should never oppose government scientists
My last A-level exam tomorrow then I'm FREE!!!!!!... For 6 days :(, then I start A2 woo hoo
If I ignore you, its not because I dislike you, for the contrary, you're just too important to be noticed!
Photoshop fixes ur skin problems, elongate ur hair, gives u muscles/wings/ anything
Any twitter accounts mentioned were randomly selected dw I love you all
I can levitate for 2 secs
Who doesn't love the "what are we " talk ?
Phillies look really sharp so far tonight.
I have nothing better to do than to get noticed by wow my life is exciting
Man, I don't like Iron Fist's zombie dad.
USA plays today! I didn't even know !
Yay for summer school today! So excited!!!
I'm so glad my stepmother is responsible enough to pay her part of the bill so that my phone doesn't get shut off for her fuck up
Oh look! I'm sunburned...from sittin out the grass outside work for 15 minutes :O how on earth did this happen? I never burn
Good news: My bug bites are now bruising and my foot is still the size of a small elephant with a crazy amount of itching
I do so love when a publisher's Endnote file DOES NOT MATCH their written instructions.
Luger to fill Hogan's shoes? That worked out welll...............
I feel so threatened...
Thank you for planning out my life for me. I really appreciate it. Its nice knowing i dont have any say in what i do in my own life
Of course I love sleeping alone! The last few nights were great. \n\n
My dream love
Gender biasing on Twitter
Good thing when I got to work I also remembered to put my lunch in the fridge so it wouldn't spoil
\": Van Gaal \"The Genius\".\"
The fact that you continually ignore me blatantly, well, that makes me happier than a pig in shit.
Im glad you are such a nice friend c:
Uffff. I loveeeeee to workkkkkkkkkkk so much. it's the best.
You know what I love about summer? Rain. I just fucking love the rain and clouds.
You know what's really great in the morning? A big gulp of Arlene.
wow I would never have guessed that nph wow
Alexi Lalas: "Spain played really good. They deserved to win. Netherlands got lucky, they better not get cocky."
You give me the gift of frustration and I will give you the gift of
Belgium are living up to the hype...
I'm really glad my dad is out of town right now because I am trying to move a few inches of water away from the house outside
Thanks goodness I got 30 minutes of sleep last night. I feel so unbelievably refreshed this morning.
Congratulations Facebook! Love how the NEW and IMPROVED version DOESN'T work with Safari 5.1. You're more better smartest.
At least I can move my arms.
Best birthday ever
Wow could this week get any better?
Wow your customer service is excellent.
Yep it's facts don't ya know
Wow. Mr Christie vetoed something? How uncharacteristic
Soccer is so fucking boring.
L'arbitro tifa poco Uruguay, mi dicono.
Girl 2: just let it grow!
Wow! Wow! Wow! --play-by-play description of Columbia goal. Thanks for that quality call.
I don't get how can tie against a great team like Costa Rica, but lose against a bad team like
Transnational management... Aww this will be so fun!
Oh, you sold your friends out for money and drugs? You must be cool.
What a great night!
Mini road trip for a dinner that's gonna be heavenly.
wow bro that was so deep I totally felt that, like wow what is life ?
Growing up as I watched Rocky on betamax...I always thought I wish this would be a musical.
Happy Super Awesome Monday!!!
I bet Howard is also thinking, "Gee our traffic is down and the consumer is really struggling, better push thru a price hike." ...
Tomorrow is the last day of classes. Getting my water balloons ready. ...
You go zdrilic
Some guys really know how to make a good convo with girls in by asking for Skype as soon as a 'hey, how are you' lol
BYRON MULLENS IS LEAVING THE SIXERS WER GONNA BE AWFUL THIS YEAR, THE SIXERS ARE SO STUPID!!!
Nah, Fin planners are upstanding citizens of highest morals and had nothing to do with GFC
Good thing it's midnight, I work a double tomorrow, and I can't sleep.
Nothing but smiles at this morning...
Will someone post a photo of the ring around the sun?\n
against idiots is like Thunderbolt against Magikarp.
Power? Blocking? What? That *never* happens.
That bites about Uruguay losing... Oh darn.
How fitting most Nazi's fled Germamy for Argentina after World War II now they are meeting in the World Cup Finals 2014.
So this should be a showstopper....
This is such a public service, they should make it free...unless they're worried people would read the "investigation"?
HO QUASI RISCHIATO DI USCIRE OGGI, EH
I have the best luck!
Yay! Another 8am practice!
Awesome weather we're having. I really hoped I'd be able to test out the new sump pump today.
Welcome to the internet where everybody should be treated like equals. Cause that's what we do in real life right?
I really hope you can sleep with yourself at night knowing everything you've put me through.
Day one of NFYT: Phone down a toilet and ended up in A+E. I feel today has gone well
What else proof is needed that FB has caste feeling !!
Novak misses first serve for the first time today. What's wrong with him?
Okay so someone has fucked up the radio in the car, and lets just say it most definitely wasn't me.
Research, , would inform you that 2) Markovic was a sub a fair number of times &amp; is slightly - - younger than Bebe.
This march us thrilling to watch
Wow. What a great morning.
Omg people harass gay couples in small town southern Missouri?? No way how could this be??!!
The camera joke was TOTALLY not centered around anybody. ?
I just love being lied to.
Maybe I should send my Asian brother so he can show how happy he is right now
Noelle wants to come with me when I get my wisdom teeth out so she can video tape me if I'm weird afterwards
Its not like I celebrated when I pulled Brazil out as my sweepstake team
Senior pictures soon. Woo.
My hair got fucked up . now I gotta redo it
I love this feeling!
More Drama judt adds to the fun..
Thanks for the help...
I love waiting in lobbies!
Ohhh heyyyy Hamilton SHOCKER. The stadium won't be ready in time. Totally surprised by that.
Looks like I'm making this happen on my own, didn't want help anyways.
Me and the brother supposed to be going to give bloos in a min (y)
There's so much fun shit to do in Ohio
Sitting on an interstate is great fun.
Just figured out the name for my new campaign. I call it 'Tyranny of Dragons'. The campaign will start in August.
ay what a fucking idiot i have a whole bunch of hope for this current grade 9 class
Frankie: \"This game is designed to be played.\".....?!
and it just got worse. Glad you changed that
In case you didn't know, I'm a TLJ hater and I don't know what art is. That's a widely known fact no one objects to, apparently.
3 finals today and work. YEAH
Performance evaluations, oh yeaaah
7 mile ready :)
Oh my gosh I was so surprised to hear Lebron is going to Cleveland!
Don't you just love it when people run back to you when they have no one, I LOVE it!
I like how much we aren't friends anymore.
This is weather is so perfect for getting out of bed and getting things done!
had no room left for the tag
Ye, alright, nice one
I bet is really excited about going back to work today!
I'm sick of the same old shit throws at us. Ruined a very good PPV.
Nothing more fun than running 8 miles by yourself
Congrats to the Pirates and Angels for exchanging shitty closers. I'll be so shocked when it doesn't work for either team!
People are \"boycotting\" Hobby Lobby just like they \"boycotted\" Chic-Fil-A. Look at you, posting on Facebook and making a difference
A late shift for me tomorrow, first shift back in 17days.... I cannot contain my excitement
Well that 3 hour nap was FANTASTIC.
We value maturity in the Erickson family
Ahah great talk...
Roll on all the photos of bikes. Cos obviously we've never seen bikes before
Andrew Wiggins: \"pfft, whatever, this is MY team\"
Yeah, I'll go jogging earlier today. Get it done with. Subsequently dies of heat stroke
Woke up with a headache this is going to be a great day
Yep. She'd def have my vote!
Just went through &amp; watched all of my vines from when it was cool &amp; I'm literally dying like why am I not famous rn.
1/4 of the but says she's alright
Most people if they aren't well only has one thing wrong with them, i got lucky to have many things wrong with me.
You mean to tell me that throwing a house party didn't cure the roommates broken heart? Wow. I'm shocked.
What a beautiful morning. Can't wait to go and race my MTB. Freezing cold, wet &amp; windy. Me enthusiasm is at an all time high. .
Stupid computer has decided it's not going to recognize the Internet anymore
Holy smokes that was fun!
Someone post a photo of fingernails with one painted a different color. \n\n
WAIT!! I thought that asshole that made that YOU TUBE VIDEO was already in CUSTODY??!!
If doesn't win the , can we blame it on Obama?
Midnight break downs are the best..
Has Paul gasgoigne been jailed? All I'm seeing on my time line is free gaza
Our Newest Article -&gt;
I'm , what's your super power?
\"Ironic how he hates the Zelda series overall but then calls people \"wrong and stupid\" for not enjoying Zelda II as much.\"
Adam Lallana!! Super signing, I can see us lifting that trophy this season....
I'm really glad I have someone to talk to...
One week left before school! YAY!!!!
Why don't Repubs investigate/ expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
More GM recalls today. Every Chevy, Cadillac, Pontiac, Buick &amp; Oldsmobile from model years 1926-2014, the company says
For me is a way of conveying a truth in a more playful way.Getting my thoughts out in a playful way.I love when others do the same.
Every1 complains about Justin Bieber or Mily Cyrus,but then they pay for their kid to c them perform.Yeah, that makes perfect sense.
AHAHAHAHAHA!!! RT\": Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga. *slow clap* \"
In fairness, whenever I read 'sceptic' screeds Churchillian is all too often the first word that comes to mind.
Yay for another shitty game!
You know... just standing here.. people watching. Makes me like them so much more
Day of 6:30 shifts at work this week.
On a related note, how excited am I for 82 games on Sportsnet next year?
Scandalous! Ikea filled with Muslim women unaccompanied by a male relative today!
I hate typing stuff to people...Its insane how many things get misinterpreted. Please get a grip people there is this thing called
But soccer is boring right???
I have to wake up at 6:21am. IN THE SUMMER. For 3 weeks. Greeeeaaattt.
\"Thank you for nothing you useless reptile.\"
This is where the youtube views roll in...right?
Tonight there's no match.. What a great night!! Im finally got my off day..
- hahaha, sometimes I laugh at the shit I reply to people, because they deserve it !
The is the Sunday afternoon movie on ... thanks Fox for helping us dads connect with our softer side
People underestimate how nice it is to breathe until they can't take a deep breath without struggling Love me some asthma flare ups
Oh yea Lebron came back....
ONLY a 30 point quarter for the (slackers). Finals record 76% from the field in half. might need a D adjustment.
Miss kick !
Cuanta seguridad en Venezuela.\n\n
Really glad everyone has such a positive attitude at work today.
It's fine, I didn't want to talk to you anyways.
can you post another picture?
If I work 4 a company run by Jehovah's Witness &amp; I need blood trans, do they have right 2 deny coverage as well?
9yrs a Slave. Good one. Very funny. The jokes never get old. Douchebags
I didn't mean to push all your buttons, I was looking for mute. .
Man it's good to be back.
Great banter from Mark Lawrenson
Its fine i will just always make sure you are fine and when you are down be there and offer things.. dont worry you dont have to.
I'm so happy that I can't go into town cause my aunt has no key
I just love getting up at 4:30 a.m. to go to work. Anyone else? Didn't think so....
Thank you again I love listening to LA broadcasters in NC!
Nothing gets me moving like \"wake me up when September ends\" blasting at the gym. Fantastic work out music.
I'm surprised that players don't really want to stay in Ottawa.
Wow you screen shotted my picture and tweeted about me, I am just so scared. Like damn how can I be as cool as you?
I'm glad I mean so much to you
Good to know Rachel's dog loves me
That awesome moment when people still insist on TELLING me how/what I'm feeling during MY pregnancy. *eye roll*
Tipo che io ho le ciabattine invernali nel cuore dell'estate,fangirlo!
I honestly, don't give two shits. so keep wasting your time.
Because that's something you should post on Instagram.
But this years was just fuckin fab
Had a nosebleed in the shower, that was pretty awesome
Flash flood warning:\"Move quickly to protect your life\" Wow, how reassuring :)
Glory to ! Glory to ! [cf."Glory to ! Glory to the heroes!"]
MY LIFE IS AWESOME
You know it's hot when your sweating buckets before your workout!
Of course I love sleeping alone! The last few nights were great.
I can't believe gave up a hit. So overrated..
Can't sleep and bored outta my mind such a great combo
wow summer 2k14 is just amazing.
Today Germany Vs. Portugal! My prediction is Germany will win
Cameron looks like she's just having the best time ever.
He snuck up on me but I'm loving every minute
Sure glad I turned on my sprinkler system this summer.
I can't believe how far Neymar is willing to fake an injury hope Germany wins
I am the smoothest person ever
This is an awesome feeling
In 's defence, the flood suspiciously targeted Calgarys gay friendly (aka most affluent\/liveable) neighborhoods...
I'll be a one day.
So happy that I have literally laid in bed the entire time since graduation.
I'm so lucky to be able to hear the Kings of Leon tribute act at my neighbouring pub loud and clear from my bedroom
Chilling alone in a store, waiting for my mom while eating some m&amp;ms\nI have the most exciting life!!\n
Refugee's are so out touch with Australia values. The Liberals will show them how they treat desperate people.
Loveeee getting good morning text
*insert tweet about hockey and how much I luv it*
And I reaggravated my knee..
$BBRY Ever here that phrase \"Sucker born every day\" Looks like they all got together &amp; R buying BBRY shares.
LOVE when i play GTA 5 &amp; every mission has ether one guy trying to team kill everyone or 2 guys that die in the 1st 10 seconds.
Dairy Queen parking lot seems to be a good place to hang out at midnight on a Monday for sure!
Oh yeah I definitely love it when people steal my tweets and Instagram pics and then get more RTs and likes.
Wow really sprung for a great trophy
Grabe the best ang sayaw uy. Nindot pa jud kayu ang sound system,nya napa'y auditorium nga dili jud alimuot. I love this school.\n
Well thanks for pointing out I have a giant pimple on my face Colleague! I wasn't aware of it or embarrassed about it.
The govt is looking to ban map apps while driving. Too distracting. Should have banned folding maps years ago.
Exciting afternoon... Currently waiting at the doctor to get my DOT physical card renewed... Yay physicals...
Oh that's cute
wow my hair looks gr8 rn
Time to unwind &amp; play some CARD WARS I'd like to thank for getting me addicted! ;)
I wish the media paid more attention to the Kardashians
I highly recommend pitching an exec who hates the fact you're doing what he wanted to do for a career. It always ends well.
Glad to see Jim Palmer is over that frustrating series against Cle in 97 and the dumb pitches Armando Benitez made.
\": Love aint easy for a .\" I haven't noticed...
GOD I hope I get famous enough one day not to have to follow people back.\n
It's always nice to be included haha
Keep on doing what you're doing, it's obviously getting a nice response from me
Everybody is talking about how fun edc was and I'm over here hating the Oklahoma humidity.
Fancy young Oliver Reed so much, we'd have been such a good couple. And I'd have drank him under the table.
People just make you feel so good about yourself
Watching Glastonbury and thinking there aren't enough flags...
Hey is Albania in Algeria??
I find it so inspiring to see OBX bumper stickers, like how nice to see you representing what beach you went too...
such a healthy breakfast @-)
I must say that it is so cute to watch 12 yr olds shotgun beers...
The attacks on Karachi airport was shocking! But, Karachi has an airport was more shocking.
I think the view Duncan v. Haslem as a matchup in their favor.
I say, "retweet galore my phone is going crazy." "Well aren't you so popular."
Well, it was fun while it lasted.
LRT but you know, just your run of the mill average rainstorm.
WOOOOO MY BIRTHDAY!! SO EXCITED
I LOVE wearing four bras to the gym, it's my favorite!
Wow... Jojo looks ecstatic to be going to the 76ers.
Oh no... Danny Welbeck maybe injured, what a massive loss that will be for England!!
One of the searches that landed someone at my website is "my friend is a nudist". Oh NO!? Not a ! Anything but that!!
Es como cuando estas al lado de tu pareja y ni te Ace caso por estar en Facebook o instagram
Well that was fun!
Yes, let's keep taking unnecessary routes on the way home. It's not like I'm sick of riding or anything.
.thank you for another wonderful trip home
Also, it's about time that the Redskins team name goes. Maybe they'll pick something less offensive like \"Woo Woo Indians.\"
Does anyone remember the last time we did NOT set an all-time high on the spooz? Seems like it was '13, no?
Playing phone tag with my mom is always fun hahahaha
Indian parents should be awarded for being most .
Two cavities filled and waiting to take a drug test....never had a better morning
Overthinking creates fear .. Fear leads to hate.
Time for sleep only to wake up at work 13 hours tomorrow
Viernes, que emocionante.
Lowe's is exactly where I want to spend my 4th of July.
if you check my favorites you'll find porn nudes and dirty tweets
I don think has talked about Lebron enough this morning
I love how I'm invited to all the fun times drinking my \"friends\" have.
Ctfu at the heats big move being josh mcroberts.... I guess Lebrons gotta go back now
Damn that Romo, how dare he play soccer, before training camp. This will cost us the season! He dared play the "other" football
Be a good American and
Allen Craig hits home runs!? What!? You mean platooning him and Adams is effective? What!?
Nothing like 27 minutes into a match with no score! OMG is so exciting!
Lebron didn't take that shot. He must be scared
*Slow dances to my playlist for *
Loving this Phx airport. 6 th hr.
Good morning Justine Beiber fans.
Its been a really long time since Germany last scored waiting for 6-0
Oh, now *there's* a surprise...
I don't think u have enough make up on.
proper all I can eat without being hungry week ... waaaaytogo.
Please everyone calm down with the texts and notifications. I can't answer you all back at once.
Props to for listening to the talent who hate the idea of the 6 sided ring
Been up for 35 hours straight. Call 911 if you don't hear from me for more than ten hours.
\"La cosa tiene narices\", dijo Lord Voldemort.
That's just great, fucking love that.
Congrats on winning the World Cup. Really deserved it.
he liked all my pics on Instagram so were like basically dating.
I thought Jnr Lewis was a band but that was Jnr Walker, easy mistake to make bearing in mind the world famous names for job
Then a few hours at the FT job
Swisher is totally worth 10 million a year.
s\/o to for being the best texter ever
And CUSA has now set the world record for the amount of crop tops worn consecutively.
My foot is cramping and I'm already going through shit like awesome.
To the kid my mom is tutoring rn: Ahh yes, I see you've pulled the, ahem, bookmark out of my book. That's precious...
I love how all the good shows come on during Ramadan.. Like oh don't read Quran watch us
My phone can currently do everything except receive texts and phone calls. How convenient
Today I'm thankful for my friends who send me 75 Snapchats of the same concert.
Oh great. The hood and barrio fireworks come out now!!
Dear target credit card hacker, thanks for making everything difficult today
Reds were even involved in scandals way back then?Stuffing the ballot box.Shocked.
Make sure to forward all thank you letters to my fantastic Father.
Thank goodness for Chicago's strict gun laws... probably the only reason for so little gun violence!
Need some new running daps cause I'm way to fast for theses ones
I awoke this morning to the realization I left the sunroof open last night. Good thing it didn't rain or anything...
Where would we be without the goal-line technology?! Half these goals would be so head-scratching worthy
Got to love pumping in the eltrical room.
Rusev looks like such a BRUTE in that SUIT.
I'm making wings for Midna and renaming her Toothless.
Our flight attendant was just a peach.
Spotty replies all day.
Wow woke up late and got dressed in 5 minutes for work... It's on a be a good day...
Don't you think that Lana Del Rey romanticizes just the right things.
La felicidad de es contagiosa
Really enjoying these tweetdeck tweets
What an exciting night.
So Thank you once again inlaws for fucking up our day, ruining the girls' night, making my hurt hubby drive &amp; increasing my stress.
Getting fitted today for band. Yay.
I'm not really crying doe.
Man, I just love it when redneck guys in obnoxiously large trucks whistle at me...
BYFAR the worst 4th of July of my life....can't wait to see how it ends.
I have to go to the fuckin doctor tomorrow. He's gonna fuck on me.
You guys can have your fireworks. I'm not in the mood to see colorful explosions that don't cause structural damage.
Amazing game. However I thought Howard was to blame for both goals.
I just love that when a celebrity or a youtuber you like does a follow spree everyone gets followed but you. -.-\"
Wow careful wouldnt want me getting a big ego from all that encouragement
Since Dr. Manhattan is blue, does that mean he will forever walk around having blue balls?
Total shock that Colon's on trade block. If 6 weeks of Byrd can gets us Herrera and Black then Colon could get a even better return.
Glad to see that Ervin Santana deal is working out for the . Glad we gave up a draft pick and $14 million for him.
Lol what a great turn out. Glad everyone who said they would come came to my party.
Might as well enjoy my last 12hrs with this wonderful phone
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence.
Im fat and i love it
Wow this interview with Andy is more exciting than Christmas!
Well Ed Sheerans got the the place jumping
Hahahahaha....what a night
Kayvon with the prediction of the century
I got 1 of those too today. RT : It's sooo fun when your 9 year old acts like a moody 16 year old
0% chance I'm leaving the house today
Bunt Mez, right?
I just absolutely love when people text you and you immediately respond and then they are MIA!
Okay, let's walk back-to-back batters with the bases loaded, and now pitch to Miguel Cabrera. Good strategy
Well, Bill and Jeremy left this morning to go to a farm auction...who KNOWS what "treasures" they'll bring back home!
So embarrassing hahaha.
Nice defense cutch
Shout out to my friends for inviting to hangout.
Further thanks to for ensuring me customer support tomorrow instead of today by the way. Great service.
So we give Craig Gordon training facilities then he joins Celtic..!! Fantastic...
12 hour night shift on a Sunday!
So happy my period started, just in time for 3 days of camping!
Thanks for texting me, I really appreciate it.
Fireworks just ended and I didn't get to see them because my family forgot about me..............
Why yes, I do love seeing my car with a flat tire after a long ass shift at work!
Ohhh, what a big surprise! It's like we didn't know that already! But, as I sayd before, I will always love you as usual
I feel super safe here in highland...
Whenever something breaks at the rink it's usually because Peach didn't put enough duct tape or grease on it.
Doing laundry and scheduling for work while watching Netflix at 10:25 at night. is so awesome.
Thanks for having both matches on ESPN3. I wanted to watch Group A matches at the same time but the matches are not online.
S\/O to my parents for being just SOO supportive. Seriously though guys, you're the absolute best.
Sick foul, Lebron really took a lot of contact there
Yeah, I called it. 5-1. Saw it coming from miles away...
I love walking home by my self
Some confident boost. MASSIVE
Lack of sleep + traveling all day = every word that leaves my mouth is
I could wank over this result
yeah that's exactly what i needed tonight, just what i wanted
I'm so excited to drive down town tonight
If you're not wearing a sleeveless shirt and flexing your guns, don't bother showing up to .
Dont bother about others you should not be that sweet..take care of yourself,you are in a critical condition
Haaa.. tu la.. jgn 'X' pembangkang..nnti x der air.. haaa .. kalau 'X' kerajaan empangan kering pun ada air. Betulllll x tipuuu..
oh i thought she was the prince
Being able to throw insults on someone, &amp; still sounding cool.. Yeah! B) ;)
It's not like I was trying to sleep or anything...
Super excited I still have to take public transportation and then an airplane to get home
The are losing
Shout out to even though he shouted out 50 folks and we hung out at Put In Bay 2009
I'm sensitive, okay.
A nail in my tire! That's cool.
Detroit got Quincey ?! (New face)
Yay! More changes to !!
Everyone's a football expert during the World Cup, it makes me so happy :D
Well.... Turns out I don't have mosquito bites! Luckily it's just poison ivy :-)
it's going to rain on sunday. cool.
Well the good news is, my computer is buggered.
Miami fans are so supportive.
Thank you Papelbon for blowing a save. I love free baseball.
We honor him and all he does is hit a lead off single ? Let some other team deal with that kind of loser mentality.
WOW PARKER REALLY?
I send Morgan the cutest selfies I swear
way to help Granderson out of that 0 for 17 streak.
Can't believe broke the news via a print\/outlet\/article. Doesn't he know print is dead?!?!
So is now part of the B1G. Yay.
I'm afraid Nico has had to retire Bet Hamilton is REALLY sad
I love taking honors civics in the summer, it makes me feel SOOO great
Dang tomorrow's Friday and i work 330pm-12am # yayyyyyy
Can't wait to hear "JP take a pic of us with your gopro!" Every single minute.
Good Morning human race.
There are ants in the kitchen, WOOHOO!!! for the , . ...wait -
There has been a depressing lack of brown grey shooters and angry dudes with guns at the conference.
Gotta start with small goals. First, be selected as a . &lt;--
Just what I needed to hear -__-"
i love being transferred 4 times over nearly an hour and no one can help me.
W\/ H. Reid &amp; Pres Obama weighin in on this we can expect an equitable &amp; expedient resolution Rest assured folks
You well wish did a lot of good!!
I know you have a lovely voice like Rihanna RT : get ready ! I'll impress u with my incredible voice ^^
Good morning, early shift! I'm so glad I have you on this beautiful Sunday morning! (Ahem... much?)
I think my Mum is getting dementia. She doesn't recognize her native tongue anymore!
I love how there's not mention of Ravenswood!!
What a great strategy by ! Kimi 7th before the pit stop and 14th after ! Impresive !
Thanks, Mother Nature! Thunderstorms make it sooooo easy to take the dog out before bed.
Love being in a grandstand surrounded by people cheering when a driver's car fails. Awesome.
These refs don't want the heat to win or anything.
Good bantz ....
que carajos se fumaran los \"escritores\" de la rosa de guadalupe para tan increibles episodios
Makes me feel warmly welcomed by my peers.
Those Man U games are going to be really exciting affairs next season if this is anything to go by
Was looking forward to only working mornings this week... And then no... But at least it's money.
Oh look, another Assassins Creed! Didn't see that coming... at all...
So glad I got to spend with my best friend.
Prediction for : breaking change on API 20: overflow menu 3 square dots will turn round. Whoaaa effect incoming .
It's difficult to use a Brain when you don't have one
Photos of his body, where you can see that only a part of his head has been blown off, circulate Twitter. Good thinking AA.
So many freshmen. Still have to take one more GE. Yay for being in lecture halls full of freshies...
I love it when my mom pokes at my fat and says it's fun to play with because it's so squishy. Makes me feel great about myself
I love messaging Niamh, she's just great
I love being woken up to people belting out Frozen.
This Messi character is pretty decent. If he keeps playing like this then he might become the best in the world one day.
This week couldn't get any better.
I wouldn't of known about the storm without all the tweets about it, thanks everyone!
Off for another MRI. Whee! *skips* NOT.
I wish LeBron would've aired his decision on live TV so all the speculation would finally end
Anybody trying to ball right now? Little lightning never hurt nobody
now listening to: acdc-back in black
Wow , so glad the U.S gets to take on Germany in their bracket
GREAT Marking there, Colombia Brazil up 1-0!
Can't wait til go drop another 100$ on a battery for my car after work
That was very nice of you.
Oh yeah, life is great right now...
Creepy texts from creepy boys are my favorite thing to read after having no service for two days
If anyone was wondering cedar falls is really fun this summer
What's heroic performance by lebron coming off of those debilitating cramps.
Some classy quotes on Instagram tonight
Thank you lady for trying to mercy kill me with your car. My day wasn't that bad. But nah really, this day :|
some lady yelled at me saying it was against the law to ask for her social security in order to look up her credit card.
I love when the couple in the apt behind us fights at 3a am breaks shit then proceeds to fight outside my window.
Shout out to my bae for having rad conversations with me. &lt;3
Another day another call off. \n\nI LOVE being manager. \n\n
Sitting alone creeping random twitter accounts...
Oh look is out today ... me and Christina are going to have so much fun
That moment when your twenty something neighbor builds a skate/bmx park in his backyard. &lt;-
Back to the work grind.. yay
Whooooo we get the same stuff over and over again!! I LOVE Halo... &gt;_&gt;
Wow great weather.
Morning shift. Woohoo
I want Lambert to come on, instead we get Jack fucking Wilshere. That's just what we need.
Oh good! Baron is having 'Nam flashbacks again.
12 hour shift in Nottingham... going to be great
.They probably have relatives working in the administration...
Damn hippies. Always going on and on.
If you don't post a picture with your dad on Father's Day, do you even love him...?
You're the best footballer ever...
Hi everyone I don't think you all realize I have a up
Thanks for that Wiki. I was really confused there..
i think they could've threw in a tad bit more of explosions and unnecessary number of flying boats
Oh dear, whatever will we do without soccer?
hibbert signed a new 2 year contract! get in! signings all over the place for us blues
How Dare You, for making the high paying missions more challenging! missions must be boring!
All my DPs are pretty godlike though.
My summer has been a real rager so far! I've Crashed my car, Played Xbox, played bball, and stayed at home every night. The life
Gold and oil futures down by a half percent and one percent respectively. In other words....we have NOTHING to worry about. \n
Just so you know, I totally called this.
Glad to see sleeping with sirens is playing my warped date
But I never point out that they need more brains in order to look past my physique.
I have a thing for sleep, Irish people and pirates. Well done me...
Poor guy maybe he was just talking about an upcoming barbecue :(
holy shit, guys, CoD Ghosts is now 25% off on the steam sale as a daily deal! damn, what a deal!
Italian sportscasters going for the cream of the crop in American music. Now it's Miley Cyrus's "Wrecking Ball."
Summer classes start today..... Yaaaaay
Report shows most donations go to universities, hospitals and arts institutions but little to social services. Charitable giving!
We're super pumped about the soccer here!
Hey , thanks for providing my confidential account information to an unauthorized party. Thanks a lot!
Soccer is just sooo boring.
Muslim brothers killing each other and each claims syahid for jihad. Hurray for Arab Spring.
Who needs sleep? Lol
Ben and Byron ...the two most confident looking Team Captains ever! ... ... ... &lt;
Glad the equipment I make beats with was free just like the one I gave you investing in myself you should 2
only lose by 9 to . Guess it wasn't that bad after all.
The past month has been so good to me
Tell me, is the reason people keep interviewing Mitt Romney is because he refuses to go away? Good reason.
Can't wait for sportscenter to talk about Lebron even more now since he opted out of his contract
Back to work tomorrow and i'm in for 8am
Really happy that short hair is popular again
Love doin yard moves and moving all these trailers in the rain while getting soaked...
Oh boy do I love customers!!
Yoga with Kayla. Guess who's excited?
I love people who subtweet.
oh and the afternoon which makes me even more excited
Another fun and exciting day.
No tenemos salud, pero lo importante es que no gano hijueputitere.
Wow. This new way of both teams together playing 50 overs is exciting.
Well that's that. Thanks for all your hard work Woy and the England squad.
So since I'm not up on the changes, I read the forced PvP thing. This is great. Not looking forward to faction caps within! Oh well
Taxi driver duties tomorrow. 4am airport run for the brother. Can't wait.
Had the best first day of break. Kicked off summer with a migraine
I wouldn't wanna spend a Friday morning anywhere else but the dmv!!!
I'm waiting to see the pic of Marty...u mean he didn't get MVP? Pssshhhttt
Yes! It's rainy and cold again today!\nJust how I like it
So Cleveland, what's new in the sports world here?
I loved how you're annoyed of me.
There is nothing I love more than missing Mass on Sunday because I have to drive to West Virginia.
Vampire Academy definitely deserves an Oscar
Got my first mosquito bite of the summer. Oh, the joy.
doing homework is the only way I want to spend my entire Friday afternoon
Please nurse, continue whispering to my doctor and staring at me. I do not find it annoying or creepy in the slightest manner.
I've done it again came To my moms house my aunt is here so good
Forgot my debit card today, at least the last Popsicle I have at work is orange
Fellini gonna be player of tournament , world class . Hopes he stays at united forever
Anticresis es taaaaaaan divertido
I bet it's really fun to be a fuck up &amp; not care about school or my future or my body but sadly I wouldn't know lol
I dont know about you guys, but I am excited to see Eric Hosmer batting at the top of the order and get more at bats!
Oh sure, I watch a Deadliest Tornado documentary and then we get a tornado watch....faaaantastic.
fk the poor
Just tripped over a damn garden hose and busted out my already bad left knee on concrete..
Great my dream world cup final yay
Accounting today... Love cleaning up other ppls messes.
I guess that's something good to go to sleep on
I love when my cat races around my bedroom like she's on crack at 5:30 am...
Seriously, mereka mengaku bencikan saya. Hahaha\n
Stupid questions are my favourite.
Because, you know, I was using those pills to prevent getting pregnant. At 11. Yup.
If there isn't a Tim Howard statue every where I go today I'll be outraged. He's the greatest athlete to ever walk the earth ever.
It's good that I never open a drink and only take two sips then leave it.
2\/2 all 400,000 ticket holders should go Dublin on July 26 and take a piss on a street near Croke Park in protest
I wish I could blow huge amounts of black smoke out of my vehicle like you do! 'recool
Really feel fucked off
I love when the fans cheer for a goal after he's been called offsides. Smh
I feel bad that Spain is getting the dick
i love when people follow you just to get a fb then unfollow you
I would personally like to thank florida for having such crappy weather.. because of you we were unable fo school!
Had a dream that I lost 2 followers. Woke up trembling and shaking and depressed.
I am about to clean the SHIT out of this house....woohoo!!
This is why they work.
8 teams out of 64 made it farther than the US. Yeah, the US is a total joke
There appears to be some kind of music festival on Hyde park. !!!
Everybody is so happy to be working at this police station!
Hulk is doing about 16 tricks/meter
Love the way you treat me
Love it when my box dies so that I miss the last 10 minutes of
I can't wait until people like are in charge of health insurance
Why, why does it have to be raining today I want to sit down inside and watch TV
Why the fuck 5836 interns from some internet website just followed me is a mystery. Thanks for blowing up my phone
Here's to another great week of learning during summa school! Cheers!
Can we just cancel the rest of the World Cup &amp; start the FXFL season early?
Taking 24 children to the movies will be fun today
Yay for another patellar alignment surgery in the next year. :))
What a lovely station you have, a Billingham.
Spurs won! Back to copa mundial? :) JK
Well, that is a clear case of persecution !
3/3 ...or jelly that I didn't get to con these idiots, since its apparently so friggin easy.
Getting a pint of ice cream after a day of hiking? Totally healthy. Not a waste of time at all.
The Dtss hangout was like Wheaton mall hangout. I loved it.
Love when I sleep like crap at night.
I think I don't like stupid people -_-
Damnit USA you let up one goal. You clearly have no idea how to play this game get off the field, posers.
Gotta love getting fresh for absolutely. Nothing...
getting ready for an unexciting night by myself
Cause brasil did soooooo well without neymar.....
Waiting a long time in line to get an emissions test
Diaper cream - used to clear up rashes, pissing folks off
Sources say Barcelona decide to play the next season in a 0-8-3 formation. Cause no defense! -TM
It takes real talent to choke on soup
No score at the half, who could have predicted that?
These pretzels are making me thirsty.
Yay for a 4 hour layover in Las Vegas &amp; a super delayed flight.....
Lol I love the ppl who put their relationship status as their bio on Instagram or Twitter.
Oh how excited I am to have to wake up early on a Saturday to go to that horrible post office
Someday, LeBron James will play well in a big game...35 and 10 but MJ would have 36 and 11 and still pilot the LEM through re-entry
Vuzutv really thought it was a great idea to put men in black in a spot that's been had by the Simpsons and new girl. Genius.
Why do girls say baby daddy? That's so classy.
The moment you realize you say \" I like how they ...\" When I really mean it makes no sense too much.
Im so suprised that Megatron is and Manning is .....\n\n.\n\n
Wooooow. I wonder who called me with a restricted number at 1am...
Catching up on Twitter feed. Gee, did win today? I can't tell.
special thanks to the person that ripped out half the periodic table from my textbook
Oh man, have to go to my sister in law, birthday tomorrow, I'm gonna miss at the what to do?Yea this is definitely a
: The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it. :P
Another crappy morning
Totally not a .
I can get 20k followers for $20?? *signs up*
Great so my dad thinks I'm anorexic
Emily's so nice to me..
Le gusta leer y toca guitarra. QUE NOVEDAD.
I'll tell you who's really funny - Russell Howard.
--my brain's natural defense against the less intelligent.. -my binder's cover n.n
Dear registration, you are a long process. Dear traffic, THANKS FOR MAKING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS LONGER!
My life never ceases to surprise me in these cute little ways.
Night cherubs And\n\nGoodnight, Australia.
Yearbook distribution tomorrow
Stuck at work late downtown on Friday the 13th with a full moon. So I guess you could say it's a good day for dani
Cops rarely charged with civ. homicide. Should citizens also receive paid leave from employment for killing cops?
C'Mon guys, this IS Arsene Wenger we're talking about...when does he EVER lie?
I really love being lied about is subtweets made by people who don't follow me. It makes me all tingly inside.
Thank god Robinson &amp; Bourjos are playing. Can't have enough offense.
This is a bucket of fun.
A lovely sunny day! Perfect to spend it in the library, reading and writing
Just what the rangers need. A penalty.
I love working alone
Expect a really strong US GDP number today!! Any new ideas on EXCUSES..weather's getting a bit stale!!
Love it when officials cite stats w/no mention of where data was found. It's even better when journos use that info in stories.
If the goalie stops two goals we win that game.
Great run for US soccer! One win this world cup! Wooohoooo!
I love waking up with possibly strep throat
Perfect double blind experiment idea: measure emotions\/sentiments over Facebook's experiment with users emotions.
Don't you love it when you get to work and shits all fucked up and you have to fix it....yeah me to!
Definitely not mad at seeing new labels come out with a design I did 2 years ago.
Dutch are so dysfunctional they'll now lose to the Aussies
I love waking up at 3 am to go to the airport
Good start guys...
so new wheel trims and a new wheel for sandra.
Worked ALL day, then proceeded to see my ex with his new gf even though he "needed to be single" .. So my day was delightful.
being almost blind in one eye for the next few days is gonna be magical
I'm SO many peoples wcw it's crazy
gutted I'm in ibiza for garden party!
Being ignored is great! Said no one ever.
I'm happy the rangers didn't win
Glad I got to see my sister that came back into town today
So nice that the province's entire mosquito population came to welcome us at airport. Oh Sask how I've missed you.
Thanks autocorrect. I did mean dreaming, not freaking.
Conspiracy for the second time this season!
And yes. CME. We are losers. Hahahaha.
The stage is set now for the greatest comeback in the history of the World Cup.
Writing a new blog post (HA). Calm down, I know you're all excited
yay...the CMA PC's don't have Premier...Another reason I need a MAC
Guess who stays in every night. Summer is going great.
Day 1 of fountain at gym being broken, let's see how long it takes to replace in what is obviously their favorite location. ..
Tonight is so TURNT!!!
Today has been so fantastic.
lmao awh babe to cute
Eyes are doing really well with hayfever.
Horror movie extravaganza = Research on good production companies.
Brazil started this Cup with an own goal. Things are really turning around.
Why men easily adapt to faster than women: they have balls
Been such a good day.
Oh wow! Another shooter! No fucking way OMFG HOLY SHIT
Also operating a forklift is about as easy as trying to drive in GTA at full speed without losing control
Another great day at the mill.. ... Atleast the moneys good
We just got an indoor pool!! It was installed only half an hour ago in my basement!
.Everyone knows u fight the worst of the worst w/letters&amp;hashtags.
Lo dicevo io che guardare troppo Quarto Grado ha le sue controindicazioni ...
Oh, yes. Gunshots in the distance will make for sweet dreams, \nindeed.
Pre season training starts today, how I'm so looking forward to it
Great to see have signed another prop. A much better option than strengthening at scrum half...
Because the first thing I want to do when I wake up is wa t check an action movie at top volume
I think I'm too good to proof read.
How is it possible to do a group project in an online class?
i love to weedeat.
Yay! It's the Newport carnival!
Can't believe it took Germany nearly 40 minutes to score another goal.
college career is off to a hot start
Anyone interested in watching 22nd Jump Street today/tonight/tomorrow(early afternoon)?
Thanks to twitter I now know there is a storm outside
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence. - Ashleigh Brilliant
They say actions speak louder than words....\nSo how about I just punch you in the throat instead of saying I will??\n
Yeh Amanda ..gaaawwwd!!
Lets top off this great ass day!
Thank you to my neighbors that put out the garbage the night before knowing that severe storms are coming.
im really happy.
\": When a male honey bee climaxes during sex, his testicles explode and he dies.\" U haven't tweeted this before
Oh my god Elsa struck Anna with her powers.
Just love waking up at 6 am on Saturdays to go play 3 Basketball games!!
This waitress is a gem. Just a peach. Bless her heart.
Go on Brazil you can win it !!!
Afternoon sickness and a lovely big nose bleed is the best way to wake up from a nap :( loving every minute of being pregnant
My day off and I'm stuck at home...
Shout out to everyone in my neighborhood that's been blowing up fireworks for the past 6 months..hella patriotic..lol
Costa Rica and England Tying 0-0? Talk about ACTION PACKED!
Vacation day?? No, I'll gladly work on my vacation day... It's not like I'm caught up on all my work anyways.
i have such great friends
Great job USA for not marking your man with the greatest player on the planet attacking from the right flank
Wow, I just LOVE being ignored. ? Yes.
Wow. This weather is beautiful.
Rosenthal is so good
Women wear MAKEUP and do Islamic Shows,sit in front of NA-MEHRAM &amp; teach others to follow Islam
How did you guys do it? I always look like zombie everytime I took a selfie.
And of course since fall sports starts on Wednesday, best to get the spring info down from that web site ASAP.
Today has been awesome...
What I've always wanted...neighbors my own age
Wow... You're such an amazing boyfriend... Haha lol
On my way to the hospital -.-
thanks baby. You rock my world.
On today's calendar, touring the new drug screening and emergency care facility for work. YAY!
Todays super breaking news: my news feed is full of MiaFreedman cut her hair.
Whoa. Devin went against his alliance. Didn't see that coming.
140 character limit, but yes, all of them...lol :-)
Mexico 0 - Brazil 0 - - WOW!!! Now I see why soccer is the most popular sport in the world!
My mom is giving me the silent treatment. Joy.
Morning sigawan is simply the best.
Good thing I didn't wear my galaxy leggings to the gym today
Also love it when my bus doesn't show up and I'm 20 minutes late for work.. Thanks Winnipeg Transit!
It's so fun being on till
\"Black widow\" by is hands down the worst song ever.
No mom, I didn't happen to wanna go to Colorado for four days.
I just posted a picture and I see an ambulance race past me, am I that good looking.. wow
what would edwardsburg do without my gay activism.
Yay!! More mashed/blended food....
Looks like one cracked frame and a broken crank the week before worlds. Its definately how I wanted my week.
Ties are so boring.
In a stunning turn of events, it is, once again, raining in the Eug.
So John Cena will be on the cover of . Oh goody because that's something new. How exciting!!!
You made my night. Thanks ah.
Just gotta love two faced people
track record?jelas sy sdh baca lah dr masing2..i'm libra n i'm always doing research before making decission
That may change though because "news" vids excite me
: the friendliest, most efficient, most customer-centric train service in the world.
First day of school was so fun! It was really enjoyable!
Let's look at some of the great things Kiev has been doing!
lol. Dammit! This is the 2nd time my in return has totally not come thru. RT
So I told my mom I want to do a cute picture with Jacob and she told me no. Too bad she's not going......
I've literally have the best luck
I just love when people insult me out of the blue! \n
this place needs more healthy options so people can live better lives. Let's see about getting a Whole Foods!
So glad Andy Townsend is here to tell me that save from the goal keeper was a really good one. Keep up the good work.
By the looks on everyone's faces today is gonna be a super fun day.
Being hit on by a man old enough to be my grandfather is such a boost to my ego. He told me and I quote "you look great"
He's just being brave by pretending it's no big deal, he cares deeply.
Another amazing day done..
I think &amp; should start writing something other than Love stories
Life is good........
Too bad I won't get to see that guys hair anymore!
I should probably channel this energy into some sort of art.
Que problema que me den la camioneta sin vidrios ahumados...
Had a fabulous root canal today!
\"Compassion- sympathetic pity and concern for the sufferings or misfortunes of others.\"\nApparently, this is something I don't have
That'll be the BBC with its "left wing bias" there, of course
I find it really interesting that you have time for literally everyone else but me.
Go ahead, make a will smith/bill Pullman reference on Facebook. Or just post the whole speech. You'll be the only one, I promise.
The US didn't score in the first 30 seconds? What the hell?
Oh you got lonely ? And decided to talk to me again ! How awesome for me.
Oh it's so cool to hear the booming chant of "USA USA!" at the World Cup
Annnd here goes another week.
I have the best luck...
Sorry that my overwhelmingly interesting life doesn't translate well to twitter
WOW I LOVE WAKING UP BC MY NEIGHBORS ARE MAKING SO MUCH NO NOISE
More work...yay! :\/
I love working with people that have never been in an actual life\/death situation, especially when they are in 'senior' positions
Thank you for ruining our night, refs.
Oh happy joy we get to enjoy another riveting edition of The Decision this summer.
As you can see, I love the World Cup
Uprising in Iraq? I'm shocked.
Chalmers finally did something of note...so LeBron and Wade won't jump on him for being ineffective.
Another great strike for
My morning? Great! Wonderful! Fantastic!
But only my parents and twitter know that, so shh.
I found my HB pencil! There's still hope in life!
That to : ''i'll f**k you up!''\nthen to eagerly:''welcome,my pleasure..''\n
Accidentally slicing both my hands open and bleeding profusely in front of customers is my favorite thing
This girl I went to high school with broke up with her 3rd \"boyfriend\" of the year. 2014 is looking pretty well for her.
I mean that's not disrespectful of you at all...
Oh sorry. Forgot to add this to my last tweet.
Anyone in Logan wanna hang out in the next fee days lemme know
What a unique idea....a clothing line
Looking forward to this evenings major sporting event. ?
why, I'm shocked.
Its nice to see how much everyone cares by giving me their phone numbers
:: the ability to insult idiots without them realising it..
I love spending my Friday nights at the gym
It was cool waking up at 5:30am. I really liked it.
Wow I love the fact that I'm still awake.
Portugal fans look so thrilled.
More Similac direct mail, just the thing to make a single gal feel great!
Italy coach Prandelli resigns. If they get Mancini I will laugh my head off especially as loves him
Just love how I am your first priority...
Great freaking day so far!!
Amazing how Neymar recovers from such serious injuries so quick; look at his face in pain! What an athlete
Messi Ballon do our
I love babysitting on my days off... For free.
Can't wait to wake up at 7 tomorrow morning to babysit!
If FIFA could find a way to end time-wasting, I'd forgive them for everything else.
Why are there UC tweets from in my profile? Argh!
Pedro cant do shit with runners on base or anything with the glove on 3rd base..having a great game
They make painkillers for headache,toothache..but I can't find one to get rid of the pain in the ass that's keep being selfish.
Lance Lynn so far with another great outing.
You are so cool. I wish I could be just like you and know everything that you do because you are sooo smart.
Glad to see Jack hasn't found his center in the last 4 years...
My nine year old Nike sandals are finally starting to fall apart. What a horrible investment that was.
well done Linn County, seriously, well done.
wow this girl who just met zouis looked so happy
Oh, I was right? We CAN'T do things the exact same way on our new copier that's a completely different brand? Color me shocked
Twenty minute delayed because the president is leaving the airport !
Does anyone have any "behind the scenes" photos from the ?? I feel I'm only getting a "front of the scene" experience.
True. But if you can be better than someone else (esp. that you don't like) that's just _bonus_.
It bothers me to no ends if parents sit down and have a plate made for themselves, before their children.
Glad you're there for me when i need you
Wow it's only 34.2 degrees in my office. I wish it was hotter. I may need to put on some sweatpants and a sweater
Because punching people in the face is illegal.
'Ohhh, I see ur already struggling to make ends meet... How about we cut your check $80 a month'
So you hate me cause I'm a bitch yet you were the one yelling at me and got in my face hmmmmm.... Totally makes sense
I just love coming to the hospital. It's just so unreal.
As the joker said, if you are good at something why do it for free...
Share a Coke with your soulmate??? Thanks Coca-Cola. Now I'm depressed.
In 24 hours and I will be Punta Cana. No cell phone for a week. Oh my goodness, what am I going to do?
Work is going to be fun today! Can't wait!
Taking an 8 a.m. math class was the best idea I've ever had.
But the more important question re merger: will continue to sponsor ?
Thanks I really feel the support
Oh joy a Hobby Lobby is opening in my city.
I can't wait to hear the non-stop talks about where Lebron is going in free agency...
Wow, seeing a ton of games we've never seen from . And of course, they are loaded with gameplay!
Just caught my lawn mower on fire. I'm really having a great day.
Real women have 17 eye balls and an extra arm, you posers!
Well, the finally did it. Last place. Feels like the good old days.... ?!?
Biting someone then pretending your hit woo football is so incredible
Back to work... Yayyyyy
Didn't know there was a Democrat primary in Mississippi tonight. Odd how many dems came out to vote.
Me: Sure, I'll make sure to send you all the terminal &amp; patients
Brasil's back in the game lol
Just got followed by a bunch of fake profile.....and let the fake notifications BEGIN!
Ah, restrictor plate racing at its finest.
A plastic chelski fan asking me to define the offside rule. \nHahahahahaha :'D \nDaaamn, that's the most difficult thing about footy!
The best part about a Netflix machine (playstation 3) system update is how quick it is
Can't wait to see this weeks ... may reach the middle of the pack.
Nice to see the crowd is a representation of the demographics of Brazil itself
Love it when I forget that I'm lactose intolerant..
Managed to squeeze out 250 words so far today. This thesis is practically writing itself!
fake make perfect
Nothin like this good close competitive racing 28 laps in.
Mom: Do u guys have chargers?
? WWE is that PG? The attitude era is coming back lol.
Math filled weekend! yaaaay!
I love tuning into and there's not a Mike to be found
One of the greatest feelings ever is knowing you'll never be good enough
Just as I expected from the first half, end to end exhilarating football
One of my favorite parts of being a nurse...ALL of my patients asking if I'm married and/or have kids.
The main reason we got this SmartTv is for me to watch in HD and blast it around the house...
Horses want the San Antonio Spurs to change their name because horses find spurs offensive. \n \n
Holding grudges is so beneficial, I suggest everybody do it. It helps you feel so much better.
I love your communication skills in this relationship
Yes, please do stab me in the back some more; I love that shit...
Mlk library dc... good to c that all these hood boogers enjoy \"reading\"
Oh my gawd I luv cigarettes , cigarettes r my lyfe
I love the smell of musty old lady perfume in the morning....
Because that's necessary. : There is one AK-47 for every nine people on earth.
I hope UABBs front man is ok
Ada jugak pemain Menyu menyerlah di World Cup 2014.
Whoever started the dress with socks and running shoes combo.. Thank you.
Just wait until we have a stretch of 45C days in summer. Because that was so much fun.
I don't blame you for being Stupid
No, I don't draw to avoid sudden emotional breakdowns.
A fine day at the Walmart of amusement parks Conneaut Lake Park. Joy!
I'm a loner
Who is this "LeBron James" guy blowing up my feed? Who would willingly go to Cleveland for anything?!
ANN COULTER FOR PRESIDENT!
I'm tempted to leak the verses for the feature on the blog before the show...
Enlighten, challenging &amp; curious...
Glad people are ever so concerned.
I want a hockey jersey, too bad they're so cheap... ugh
Awesome I'm getting a cold!
I just LOVE managing mercury disposal.
I'm so hungry I could Instagram a horse.
Big thanks to for doing my emoji thingy..
you have a choise of 2.
This Valiant Hearts game looks gorgeous and actually pretty heartbreaking. A non-FPS war game? Who knew!
Our internet is SO fast! Videos NEVER buffer and websites load in the blink of an eye! It's so amazing!
...And then I lost my phone! Cool.
This dude wore a weight vest n my boss told him, \" are you worried about getting shot up here in your cubicle?\" Lmao\n\n
If you think that everything can bought by money, would you sell yourself for money?
I love how everyone in my house thinks I'm the only one capable driving to go get something, when I'm the youngest! So much sense!
About to go on a detox diet. Aka not eat anything for 100 days trying to be skinny.
Good thing the Celtics didn't take Randle. They definitely don't need a big.......
Poor England. Always sucking in international competitions.
My new phone has an amazing front camara..
40 miles...stopped twice.
I'm really glad that the twitter app alerts me when my tweet has been posted
Kudos for putting ads on during the earthquake scene. or
Thanks to I'll be missing today's game. Such great service when it's needed the most.
Nothing better than having to take an ice cold shower.
Wow, i have really good friends.
Please treat me even worse, it'll help you later on, it will
Wow, I'm shocked the Heat came back and took game 2...
Totally dominated in kan jam and cornhole tonight, and yes, I'm the most humble guy I know.
I have decided to make all my major life decisions based on internet personality quizzes. ...
I am an ocean of ... People have actually drowned.
OMG YOUR KITS GET DIRTY NOW!!
Well, isn't this situation adorable.
World cup announcers are awesome
Evan just told me I'm over dramatic all the time...
Remember when Brendan Eich resigned as CEO of Mozilla? Man, we are all so fucking awesome.
When's it going to rain? We could use the moisture!
Nice to get a bowl today
Today just keeps getting better as each minute passes and its only 9:40 am
I mean its not like I ever need you or anything..
Bish should be in the FB page picture cause she was in 3 episodes in 2013.
I love being exhausted and not able to sleep...
i got 19for my addmaths , fuck yeahh :) hahhha
Nothing better than sitting bored in a class that you don't have to be in, knowing that you have shows to watch
Well week I won't forget you in a hurry. Thanks for all the lessons I'm all good now thanks. -lost
\"patty cake\" so clever
It's people like that really really just make this country great. Damnit, it feels good to be an American!!
Oh yes, this is the perfect environment for a teenage girl.
Oh good only 39 more people between me and a new license.
got all of two hours of sleep so I'm super happy to be at work right now....
None of them feel bad or want to take responsibility for this. Yea fuck you too. Family sure means a lot doesn't it
What's better than being called \"The Sloucher\" by some boy you barely know?
What a great way to end the best summer of my life.
So excited to wear scarves and sweaters! Fall is just around the corner!
Going out to dinner with my dad step mom and grandmother. Yay.
Two reviews in the top of the 1st of the - Mariners game. I love this replay system.
Im so ready to get up in the morning and workout
Party at my work. Lmao -__-
My 21st will be dope..
Nice job to whoever tipped the garage bins on Whyte Ave...
Crazy Friday night planned, making demos
Cryptic correlation ID errors, how I love thee. Why can't they tell me what the problem really is?
here is some shocking news: shoppers did not schedule enough employees on a holiday.
At least people haven't gone overboard about the game last night
BREAKING: Paris Hilton sighting at . Now it's officially a party.
We have more experienced players on twitter than on the pitch,,lol
I love how no matter how hard I try to impress my parents they are never the ones to tell me 'good job' give up
Evidently it is once again ok to play Viva La Vida on the radio.. not that it was ever overplayed 6 years ago
I had such a sick grad year. I can only imagine what this summers gonna be like...
Thanks for stopping for your fans y'all are awesome.
Tengo que ver el partido muchas gracias
I am so glad I scheduled a teacher dev workshop LITERALLY the second before I left town. Great idea, me.
I'm about to learn how to drive a stick shift truck in the most expensive thing we own... No, I'm not nervous at all.
Not streaming tonight. is having some serious server issues.cannot even open the home page or streamlist!
I like how I didn't have a headache till I started heading to work..
So much for sleeping.. Got called into work not even an hour after getting home. for an \"emergency\" . on another note
I just love seeing multiple e-mails that say multiple times I don't qualify for multiple jobs in your company.
Nice base running Justin.
I'm glad you're still in some sort of communication...
Sitting at the bar watching dad play cards for two hours.... Yeah this will be so fun.
. Freedom isn't free. Apparently, it takes a US$3+ trillion federal budget.
Thanks for taking down my RT.
No idea what I'm watching but there are half naked men on the tv. I'm too lazy to change it. .
Well this will be a fun ride
Margaery Tyrell va overdress.\n\n
My mobile data is working great, so glad I pay for the service
because \"Africa as a country\" isn't a problem and that Delta tweet wasn't trash
Sitting in my Best Buy uniform going off on D2L for a discussion post is what it's all about.
... new computers, new content management , whole new everything, almost. But I'll be working in new AND old for several days.
Better ? How were yours today? I mean you do collect that in your daily lives, right?
Forget it fans, Sanchez is NOT coming, get used to Aspas, Lambert and Borini leading the attack ahead ...
nice to know
It's okay to be a felon as long as you're dreamy but god forbids if you're fugly!
and way to go with that rich documentation!
Just got off work, ohh it feels good knowin you'll be back at work in 1 day...
I wanna have a tongue like Miley!
.yeah.... but LeBron is a basketball genius with great mental fortitude. Because that's what says.
There are some real beautiful pictures on my camera from Glastonbury...
Yes! A draw, take that Costa Rica.
I wanna be with someone soo romantic who:when I tell him \"I like to walk\" he goes into deep cheeseness like a Darcy &amp; says \"I know.\"
Camp food is life.
Anything happen at 11:00 PM in CAVS history?
You know your teacher is swag when she says "We can buy dem steel sections." Wow yaar Vaishali ma'am.
You can do so much w a twisted knee it's unbelievable
Watching Friday Night Lights on netflix. Summer vacation. Livin' it up.
I wonder if the USA soccer team is doing well right now....
Fine, u Dont Need My Help or My Opinions or My POV on Anything.. You Got It, Gon Head, I'll Sit Back n Watch!
Apparently we don't do on twitter anymore ...
.\nBerisha is like Ikea: some assembly required.\nPast steals worked well for you?\n[]
Me: "Nope. And we also don't have running water or electricity."
So today I learned that if you actually keep your feet on the ground, you can hit the crap out of a ball. Who would've guessed?
Ang sarap mag ot!!!
Back in sunny old england :/
Love being locked out of my room.
The stats say married men die b4 their wives... I think its bcuz THEY WANT TO
Yeppy first day of work tomorrow
Glad to see the Vatican approve of exorcisms in Africa. We need those witch hunts resulting in torturous abuse to continue.
Told you Oscar is the best soccer player of all time, sit your ass down!
Thanks for pointing out my flaws really appreciate it
1\/4 of math prep complete whoohoo
I wanna see a scary movie that literally scares the shit out of me!!!
It's not every day you get to walk 23.43mls,wear a lab coat and low crawl across an attic.
Personally, I'm thrilled I don't have a secretary! I'd hate to have to delegate my mundane tasks to someone else.
I promise next time I'll stage whisper "that was "
In this case, Germany. I dunno, man, those bastards got it going dooooown.
Hyderabadi parties: if they say starts at 5pm, they mean 7pm.
Shocking turn of events, flight is late. flight 1291. Must stop flying this inefficient airline.
I really appreciate that for is showing American TV shows. How original!
From the moment I first saw you, I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life avoiding you.
I notice that people on here try way to hard to be cynical, caustic, and
Indestructible probably refers to the bond between Soshi members and their boyfriends
Awesome yay woohoo so happy...
Jimmie Johnson again. This is verrrrry exciting
Turn up. Tomorrow is Monday.
So proud to be an American today. We always do the right thing when it comes to human rights.
Feds Research Breeding Sheep With Lower Methane-Emitting Flatulence. Money well spent :(
Because there is nothing else I would rather be doing... at .
Oh how I love walking through apartment complexes for work appts and smelling the aroma of weed
been tweetin almost all day since i came back frm helping charity and not one new follower..ty twitterfor your support ##
How I love when people twists words around.
Fuck this derailment I'm barley getting to the hotel and have to get up in 2 hours yay!!!
Well that sure went well
I swear this shit gets funnier and funnier
Most of my coworkers today were completely useless. Good to know we hire such hardworking people.
Clearly putting the same teams in the Winter Classic and outdoor games will help grow your league's popularity.
The Bowflex is an overall effective, worthwhile piece of equipment
I love it when banned members email me, begging to be unbanned.
Hope none of y'all needed a good hair day on this clear June night
Re: Trial this is certain: the between attorney &amp; Pres. Emmert is as thick as a sweat sock!
Additional charges from . Again? Wow. Just wow.
Yay time to study for math for the next 2 days! My head is already hurting!
Well today has been nothing but fucking good news..
Tony Stewart was trying to congratulate Kyle Larson on the new baby, calm down.\n\n
Best night ever!
How did you know?!?!
Thanks for giving me with so much notice
I really just love how my mom acts so different towards me when she's around Jake. Absolutely brightens my day
Morning dentist appointment. What a start!
The following 2 months of summer will consist of working out.. Thank you Vball &amp; Soccer.
Round of applause to the people who like to harass others
Ang dami mong alam. With that \"qualifications\" I wonder bakit andyan ka lang?
I just need 2 or 3 Lil clip ins that's it.
Aysia is making a \"bad name\" for the BAD girls on the BAD girls club. No...I totally get it Britt. I do LMFAO
Fullsail professionalism is
Everyone's an expert when it comes to relationships.
Let's just drink our problems away! That's a FANTASTIC example to set for your kids.
I think the best dancer and singer award goes to icejjfish.
so u got the followback then are u happy now?
at work. love finding condom wrapper used as bookmark.
Devin reminds me of Jose Conseco for some reason
Well this is just fantastic.
Was too lazy to get a water from upstairs so I drank a mikes instead
Surprised Mercer had time to get him with how hard Peralta was busting it down the line on that one.
BBC announces that the England game is about to start and says aww good I could do with another one!
I just love all the bullshit that you telling me
Cheers for all the advice you complete and utter useless, inept, boring motherfuckers.
Thanks for remembering about me today, really means a whole lot...
The Cavs have taken over as the worse franchise in Cleveland. you really narrowed it down to Gentry/Lue? Wow!
Pedro got on base, so all is forgiven, right?
Can i just say I hate him now? He played with me and then tossed me aside...makes me feel so nice
\"Dad, am I tan yet?!\"\n\"Couple of more days and you'll be Nigerian\"
Now I'm ready for the real world.
IF Bridge/CChristie involved
Oh yeah, Committing a crime is SOOOOOOO attractive......
is an insincere form of politeness which is used to offend one's interlocutor.
Ever get a bad haircut? 8 Lies Men Tell Their Barbers After a Bad Haircut.
I love workin with lazy motherfuckers that get whatever they want by brown nosin
Had I known the delay was such, wouldn't have bothered
I actually sorta for the Heat
He tripped over the ball. A /ball/ in /footBALL/. Isn't usual for a ball to be in there, you can't blaim him.
Way too many things to do today!
Finished my last day of school! Next stop, exams. Great.
Tbh-ur hair is outta this world stinky as fuck. u need to bathe more than once a week. Yesh uh we should chill soon
There's nothing going to get an audience more excited and keen to switch on than Adrian Chiles
Diego Costa leaves with a standing ovation.
After today's race it will be interesting if Rousch Fenway racing will be able to keep a driver
when the mechanic calls you to tell you your repair is cheaper Than expected. no I'm not being
like many famous names have got injured. Team with full squad will win the world cup now.
Bombay is on wonder if Charlie's in the crowd?????
I cannot imagine a soccer match ended in a scoreless tie. smh
I'm happy for the spurs cause they deserve it.. But I'm so happy because the heat lost
7-1 though... I bet the German goal keeper was happy to give them that consolation goal at the end.
Devin has a daughter? What? You'd never know from the way talks.
took me godson for a walk in the woods, got pooed on by a seagul on me way back, brilliant, am so happy
Louis Van Gaal
I'm not even nervous that my 15 is one month away, like really ..
I have a feeling that Brazil are going to lose
The assistant referees have been poor, unlike the 2 BBC commentators!!
Haha, I finally caught that I've been typing "Butterbeam" over Butterbean. Sorry Butterbean, please don't come after me.
I picked the perfect day to ride to work. .jpg
Finally and stuck in fun traffic, the best way to start a weekend...
It took me a little less than 30 minutes to cancel my account. I guess that is good right? No faster way
So says sorry because Barca asked him to?!!! Liverpool would have never asked him to do that
Hearing the 7th graders on the team talking about their love life is the best ever
Academia probably is the most versatile domain in the working profession where one Meeting is scheduld always with an another one.
Good morning! I love mondays :D
I've told ya. Aint ! Okay.
T-shirts that are 20% off are Tank tops.
Suarez bites Chiellini? Maybe? That would be so unlike him! :\/
yay cars im so stoked
I love it when my hair looks like a bird's nest ^_^
3) Robben's falls (dives)
Atleast the Lankan seniors r putting up a fight n their captain is trying hard.
Do pumped im working when the weather is shit
So Peggle is free right now on the Store. Whoopdedoo!
Drivers training meeting tomorrow.
I just want to be . is that too much to ask?
before i have to go to work.. an hour later than I normally would... thanks
Let's just push Ronaldo so he doesn't score because that's totally going to help.
I just love when the plot and the patch information don't match up.
You tried real hard to make me stay
Setiap hari test. Esok terakhir test then next week final woohoo.
Love getting drenched in the rain during work
Perhaps is too expensive to add to the very limited budget of the
Love still being wide awake at this time
thanks for the \"seen\" dude, very much appreciated :)
I'm going to estimate that 1\/5 of the office is sick by this point. So glad we've got that \"work from home\" policy in place.
I love not being able to leave the house because why would I want to see my friends before I never see them again
I love being a teenage girl:-))
I love typos. Typos are cool.
Oh you didn't revise for exams, that is sooooo cool! Why can't I be like you!
Wat een gezelligheid
Now that that's over, soccer sucks!!!!
Ugh, no. No no no no...
On the hunt for the perfect American flag crop top and high wasted shorts ..
The Neymar injury is what happens when a ref loses control of a match. reds from small nations
I'm so glad the people in my town are aware of how important it is to keep the pavement watered.
Chris Brown might get a reality TV show? How did they know this is exactly what we've been wanting to see on TV?! How?
I just love working 13 hours a day, 3 days in a row.
Devin has a daughter? Really? Never knew that.
Ma ni aba hero honda kinchu ani motorcycle ma pant ferchu....
Sweet talaga ng ate ko.
These are totally the brightest BB houseguests ever.
Ohh another iOS update
My Grandad is so welcoming whatever time I knock on his door lol
3 more days of summer. :)
So it seems that the rapper putbull calls himself Mr. Worldwide. You would think he would mention it every now and then.
Yay I have I buy a new car.
Sabean will make a Hillenbrand/Klesko type trade. Don't worry about it.
Ruhroh, coworkers are onto me. RT ": I can't believe you aren't here. You never miss a Monday after a long holiday "
.Bit off more than he could chew this time. More than a mouthfuls a waste. []
First week of summer and i get mono:( \nThis is fun
I guess it's nice to see your captain cares
Lack of action on first free agent day the " Calm before the storm"?
This whole not sleeping thing is pretty nice
Anyone want to pay for me to have cable so I can watch criminal minds again? It would only be needed on Mondays.
Surprised Mexico wasn't called offside on that corner kick.
Yeah cause working is exactly what I want to be doing right now
So how many church services are you supposed to log before God says well-done?
Having an absolutely riveting conversation with this Friday night.
Just love those \"don't forget about me\" reminders!
I'm not great at the advice. Can I interest you in a comment? -Chandler Bing
probably the most depressing/confusing day of the year for children who have two moms
Meh, I was due for an asthma attack anyway...
The awkward moment your still waiting for your ride to warped today...
If Fran tells Joe about the low tire pressure one more time, I think he might deck her.
All this ASG talk gives me a heavy heart considering I was snubbed for the for the 10th year in a row.
Yes back at my fav place.. The doctors office
This slideshow is riveting
Love the try-hard w/ a dress w/spiked heels in the grass at a carnival. Everyone else wearing T-shirts and jeans should try harder
At least everyone of your snapchat story's arnt you working out
\": Playboy girl of the year just followed me on Insta sweg\" wow you must feel special
I just love waiting for everyone else to take a smoke break before I take my lunch break!
How ever did we manage our homesickness at University without the ubiquitous mobile?
I had a quiz due at midnight online and i sent my teacher my answers listed out as a message at 12:09
marvellous what can happen when a coach gives 100%.
Can't wait to see what NY has to say
I love being awakened by a contraction at 4am and knowing in my heart that I'm still not in active . It's my fave.
\": Pens sign Steve Downie to 1-yr $1 mil deal\" Well there's the missing piece! Stanley Cup 4sure now!
I'm so glad the Eagles got rid of DeSean Jackson. That gangster was the real problem
Wait Donovan is laying into Klinsman....nooo he'd never do that!
I'm really enjoying the special committee hearings.
Wow nice defense Korea
Southerners: You're from Seattle? I could never stand the rain!
You know how to find good undiscovered stocks that no one else knows about but that will skyrocket soon? ( )
Who needs skin on their toe anyways??
What is "Australian culture" exactly?
A rookie GM and Coach is very appealing!
Its so great to have an almost brokeb computer ;-;
Way too excited for working overtime tomorrow night. .....
Party at the Mackenzies
Their lack of effort makes me want to match it an not finish typing th
no no no! im not insulting you... im just describing you.. ;p
Oh... Summer's here and you're taking pictures of strawberries? Thats awesome
Thank you unreasonable lady. We really wanted to work days and nights this week.
Didn't post about Father's day on all my social media sites so now everyone knows I don't love my dad.
Silent is talking to your colleague in a meeting with simple eye expressions &amp; mocking the speaker cc:
If Jeb Bush doesn't protect our for profit universities who will?
Omg I actually have followers...
, the only way to live life :D
Tyrion Lannister is the best character in Game of Thrones!
Someone are wayyyy too emotional. I mean I'm jealous of you. You have that much time to have such an emotional feeling.
USA getting a lot of chances in this one.
Billy is once again clutch, man on 1B no better time than to come up with an inning ending 5-4-3 DP
Summer school tomorrow Ya Se Armo!
My boyfriend doesn't care if I shave my legs, but I shave them anyway. Does that mean I've internalized misogyny?
