Turns out Britney Spears can't sing. Now there's a surprise.
Dragonball Evolution is seriously THE best movie
Will pay for the $3.7 Billion? LoL LoL
paper works! i love you so much! you make my life easy lol
I just LOVE when girls who have slept with my husband like pics of my kids, just love it!
STUCK!! On the side of the road with a flat tire... what a lovely end to such a wonderful day but today was a good day tho
if people have a problem why not just say?!
So, I guess the best option is for employees to see if the managers' daughters are ever allowed any birth control, huh?
and going hard for top pick at next year's draft. AMAZING GM abilities!!
dami ko nagawa ngayong araw insert
Well deserved victory for Costa Rica!
Six cars have NOT been involved in a wreck . They obviously aren't trying hard enough!
Accept the unnacceptable. Never change anything. crusts upset
I love when good days get ruined due to stupidity
I deff want my man putting a gun to my face
Happy haps to the ! May there be many more girl! Hope you had a great day of studying!&amp;butter
Hope Estheim's dad for best video game dad ever
I love when people who know so little about my beliefs try to teach me about them ?
Oh how generous you are (:
Brazilians must really think that Neymar is god now..yu know,getting given 7 without him and all..Neymars absence is def the reason
Your jerseys aren't tight enough Uruguay
|| It's like, Laurie isn't part of TWD Family :/ Wow really thanks AMC. Seriously thanks .
Mom I didn't even realize it was Friday the 13th until now!!
Junkie hooker unphased by death of junkie client. Why is this news? Oh, right. He was rich. That's TOTALLY different.
Do photographers every try to shoot photos of fireworks? I wonder if anyone has put together a blog post with tips...
I can't wait until someone makes a vine with John Brooks goal played along with an over played dub step song
Apparently today is Iceland's Independence Day. You can hear across the Atlantic their clamour to re-join Denmark...
Well look at that, the camel's prediction was obviously wrong. Germany wins!!!!
Can't wait to get more teeth pulled and be fucked up off Valium for a couple weeks
0 training weekend. Good thing I don't have any racing coming up. Stupid landscaping/yard work.
I gotta wake up in an hour.Yay
I think should post a few more Luke Bryan pictures on insta for everyone to enjoy
Wait a second... Did I miss something? Are there soccer teams competing for the World Cup?
Facebook photo uploading for pages is broken, awesome
Flash flood warning:"Move quickly to protect your life" Wow, how reassuring :)
It's actually nice sometimes to spend time out of the house with your family...
way to go Blackhawks-Caps is a really good rivalry to put as the Winter Classic
Hope stop by hooters good wings
I grew up so much I don't even watch the anymore...I became boring
Dose pipo dat chew there nails nd mistakenly swallow it isn't that same as cannibalism?
Strong coffee doesn't work on me. My uncle asks me, "Are you even human?"
Its funny how Sushma Swaraj manages her external affairs..\n
Yeah! I'll love to hurt you but that would be animal abuse -
Just another day in Paradise at cracker barrel
Sorry that my aspirations aren't quite as high as yours
I find Danny Murphy is among the most interesting people and definitely NOT dull, I put him on a par with Stephen Fry among others
Worked new years eve, new years day, thanksgiving, Christmas eve, christmas day, and fourth of July. Thanks .
Oh wow I 41 followers that's 41 more than I had before I got a twitter!!!!!!!\n\n
Wait Wizards are visiting Ariza at his home in LA?? But I thought a player had to move everything to play in another City!??
Checking the online to discover Tuesday-Fri severe . OH WHAT FUN A FREE FIREWORK SHOW! inserted here
\": RB Mike Goodson not at minicamp, according to a source \" hes holding out for more money.. haha
I can already tell this day is gonna be great!
Can't wait for The Decision pt. 2!
Hahah this day just keeps getting better!
You all still watch ? And we all thought that we were the best two-bit hacks!
It's fun to be , but now I'm able to express myself in a way that's much more sincere.
I'd completely hate it if someone were talking to me right now.
Time to text. Stuck in traffic. Big wrecks. Great way to end a tough day.
It's hilarious how fast shit gets around, glad to see people talk about the real story and what actually happened hahahaha
Im glad to see that ive remained an important person to you.
Wtf why is it so cold outside ?! Miss the Philippines and it's hot weather :(
I should have just slept at the bowling alley. But this way I get to be excited all over again when I see it in the morning.
Well today has been awesome
I drop off an F-150 Lariat for warranty work and as a loaner I get a Ford Fiesta. Thanks a lot
I like how you text me more now that we broke up.
Polanco is hitting .200 in his MLB career. Mendoza &gt; Polanco.
Robbie's seeing ... I'm not jealous at all ;')
So now, my sister has her new phone. Im happy for you!
I'm so pumped for this Tammy movie!
Love when ppl come to a national ribfest and end up getting generic pizza and nacho cheese fries
I loove hearing my coworker's baby daddy drama.
Nice to know my \"friends\" are there for me when I need them the most
Teenage son + basketball = trip to urgent care. Same broken finger as last time!!! Splinted up finger should mix well with finals
\": They earned it. I love this team. \". Yeah, they didn't score and lost. I can see how you would love them.
Or maybe fossils are just pink flying unicorns poop
, , needs 11 more followers to hit 300. Please give her a follow.
Not sure what could make my week better: Tanaka UCL tear, 'Melo potentially leaving or 'Bron going back to Miami
but seriously. ugh. fed up.
If you don't want a answer, don't ask a stupid question.
James Monroe Igleheart wins the So shocked. No one saw it coming.
VBox + Vagrant suddenly get broken in my office's computer.... Can you think of a better way to start a Wednesday?
When will people realize that I'm not stupid? I did pay attention and retain things over the years. Ignore my opinions, I like it.
A New Forza game totally didn't see that coming....
MAN ALL THESE ANSWERS I CAN'T HANDLE ALL OF THEM PLEASE SLOW DOWN
That was a great goodnight...
Freeland road it quality.
Nothing better than getting punched in the head by a guy
How nice of them colleges to have the shuttle bus wait for me
Greece vs. Costa Rica 20 mins in and not a single shot on net. SUPER EXCITING!!!!
FIFA just announced some new player awards: Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, Best Actor Once the Ref Looks at You.
Packing up tables for the VCE GAT has reminded me how invaluable and important it was for my education
Welbeck starts?!?!? Well that makes sense.
pity this dog.. it tries and tries and tries,it pleases but it just can't change its name -a dog
Welp....thatll be 9 minutes of added time now
You died your hair black just like your heart - well thanks! That makes me feel great!
Crosby wins Ted Lindsay award
I love how one email can like triple my workload for the week.
We've done an incredible job of making Nikitin and Purcell feel welcome.
I love my 5:30am wake up calls from the puppy just to say "hey play with me"
Waking up with headache~~~ paper on weekends~ nothing could get any better...
Glad today is shaping up to be SO much better than yesterday!!
If USA win this game. I'm sure they'll win the World Cup.
Yeah guys!! Nick is soooo cool! I hope he wins!
Hey I can't wait for the decision II to tell everyone you're going back to Cleveland!
Glad my parents constantly treat me like I'm 5
Just sent a text out to everyone on my contacts expressing my bitter disappointment at England's tragic exit in the World Cup
couldn't be better ^^
Ah inggris . Thailand dong RT : If you think that everything can bought by money, would you sell yourself for money?
So pretty much I get an A on this final essay or I fail my second class of the quarter...
CM Punk special during free preview week? Clearly setting up his WM31 main event title victory.
thank you so much for the amazing wifi service at this year.
in my last tweet.
Block bhe kya karo
Work tomorrow ls going to be a right laugh
Oh! I am falling in love with .
3 more days
Gotta love getting yelled at for things I can't control :))))
Just saw an opposing coach at the temple. Not getting translated today.
Guess the fan girls are still blind enough to support douchebags
Good job USA for sending armed drones in Iraq
And here I was just wondering how to better serve you
Omw to day one of army wife workshop weekend. Really thrilled to be missing a day and a half of
Everybody has tomorrow off but not us Wagner employee's
The Blue Jays really capitalized on the momentum of that big comeback yesterday.
I really love it when the kids wake up at 6 on a saturday
I just want to add one: "AMMO SHOULD BE FREE!"
Rooney has been outstanding.
You'll find that I'm deaf when it comes to talking about . Ironically, so is congress.
.and spicing up CLE sports. Can't believe they didn't do another \"decision\" with the success of the last one
That was probably the most exciting game yet
Got my grocery list in hand, and I'm off to my favorite place ever: Walmart. (Wish me luck~)
What Neymar is injured?! I had no idea...
i love my friends for laughing at me when i burn myself with an iron!!
Good, boob juice all over my tank top. I had extra time to get ready anyway.
Yeah how dare women have minds of their own and want to align together, only men can do that
What? No outrage over this one? Lighten up &amp; grow a freakin' pair, America. There was no malicious intent by
its not a match;its a human right violation
: just one of the many services I offer....
Brona as Frankenstein's new bride. Didn't see that coming.
Since Sandy Hook, there has been one school shooting every eight days. Hmm, that doesn't seem methodical at all.
And everything is gone. Salamat Excel and thanks IT for the help.
Thanks so much!
Nothing beats Atlanta traffic!!!!\n
Holiday season and I am job hunting experience I have job I dont have thts wht we skilled ppl have to through
No other reasonable options for 1-way ticket I need for upcoming trip. Only took me 30 minutes to book online w\/
Hey guys, I just found this out tonight: Devin has a daughter!
Floorsets are always fun
If you dumb people constantly assault you with moments of dumb, by the transitive property of dumb, you too will become dumb.
Try not to make me feel so special or important.
So is there something going on in artesian....seems like it but I just can't tell!
? That's my native language.
So happy I spent that $16 to wash my car earlier ....
Legitimately the most unlucky day of my life
Looking forward to playing Upgrade Roulette at HKIA for a 13 hour flight.
I like how the NBA/ABC has a retired referee on the sidelines to criticize the refereeing.
Why is everyone freaking out about Hobby Lobby? The only women I've ever seen working there are post-menopausal.
I hate Sundays
Looks like is heading towards a holdout. His demands, name the 3-7 show \"Go2Guy &amp; Friends\"! Will budge?
My superpower is being able to see through your bullshit.
a melt down a time out and now resting with green blanket what a fun day
It's so strange how everyone who disagrees with liberals suddenly turned sexist and racist when Obama got elected.
sorry honey falls from my mouth just like stupid falls from yours...
At least Virgin Media let me choose what hold music I listen to while they charge me extortionate amounts to be on hold!
THE SCHOOL IS SO ORGANISED
Can't WAIT to start my 10 day work streak tmrw!! Yayy! Glorious! woo hoo!!
Going on 9 hours of homework straight! Papers and presentations. Oh how I love summer school.
...my super interesting commentary is really going to get me new followers, huh.
Greece lose to Costa Rica. Surely proof that we need to merge national European teams into one so we can face these global giants.
Yes You Did...
The next street over is having a block party and shooting off all the leftover fireworks. Fantastic.
This internet is shit. I can't believe individuals don't wanna get rid of it. Good to know they make the decisions on everything.
Just got home from work; now I get to do cardio. Yay. Awesome.
Racism's kay if it's a football team! Don't \"let the liberals get to our sports!\" Native americans are just whining!
That did a lot of good.
Just within 3months of starting this handle and only 7months of the landline troubles, solved it!Drinks on me!!
Some things are soooo unbelievably funny...
Refs missing calls in game 1, now calling phantom fouls. Good job
wiiide awake, and bored as hell. what a wonderful combination.
Quieren experimentar el suspenso verdadero? Vean videos de amibas en un microscopio con su hermano.
Man, I'm on the edge of my seat reading 's tweets.
Just worked at 6 hour day. The rest of the day is going to be spent studying. Being an adult is sooooo fun.
Boy there are some really sweet volunteers this year
Fantastic, the one time I really could do with some inspiration by brain is giving me zilch....
DAMN do I look good in my passport photo, or what.
I supposed would be terribly hurt if the straight white male dudebro opinion wasn't catered to.
This is exactly how I planned my summer going...
So, this is fun
Listening to my aunt and uncle fight this early in the day is just great.
Dom Brown steps to the plate: this should be great! \n
If Phil Neville loses his job at United he should definitely join the samaritans, guaranteed to lighten the darkest of moods.
Good to tell lots of people you love them :3 haha
Loved being hacked last night:-)
Lebron isn't the real deal. In his 4th-straight Finals appearance he couldn't be a dominant Spurs team by himself. Legacy is set
Half an hour of extra time - whoop!
Love getting time-outs so early in my day. Yayyyy!
Oh I just cant wait for all the drunk weekenders camping at the lake this weekend to start setting off their fireworks.
Complimenti Horan, sul serio!
Another Call of Duty. Yay. A franchise that will never end, unfortunately.
My neighborhood is already shooting off fireworks ... No sleep tonight ... Great ...
The enthusiasm in this place is just ooosing
Tree chipper starting up a bit after 7:00am. I feel bad for all the kids on summer break trying to sleep in.
I love it when the daycare comes to the pool
Maybe the temperature is too hot in San Antonio. What other reason for the poor Heat performance?!?
sick with a cold in summer. fun times.
Oh my they're going to do a hologram of David Byrne
Life's Amazing when u've got tht one friend who does not want to share nothing wth u...
The savior's warming up!
Toilet paper in your ears at adult contemporary concert...nice. +
To my coworkers and everyone I saw at the grocery store today: thank you for telling me about the Donald Duck sticker on my butt.
It's always great talking with
Well done Robben,
Love when I read the definition of a word and don't understand that either.
Group chat is SO fun without an iPhone.
First day of summer school yay!
Such a proud coach right now, all the hard work is finally paying off.
This time 24 years ago I was walking down the isle. I remember it like it was yesterday. If it was tomorrow I'd cancel it ;) haha
I'm so loved Jk everyone hates me
Omg a car is on fire with a child, mother and puppy. imma record this put on worldstar for laughs and giggles.
Clayton Kershaw gave up a run?! What's wrong with him? Overrated!
A 16 yr old English midfielder and 17 yr old Greek full back. Who said aren't making waves in this transfer window!
Wow... YouTube, way to make it take three clicks to get to my Video Manager now. That's not inconvenient...
When you have no issues with your vision, go to , given glasses that completely mess it up and make them worse
Too much pizza. So much regret.
Can't remember the last time I truely celebrated Father's Day
maybe they called him "hey you"
Oh there's a tornado watch? Guess I can't go to the gym.... again.. Darn
Just get to half time Brazil.. You can still do this
Love it when Ellen takes snaps of me asleep on the beach
Mad hyped for this Bio Regents!!!
If I got any happier I'd be shitting out smiley faces..
I love my life!!
I bet like all the seniors are already up
Was sleeping comfortably but just woke up to the sound of gunshots.It's like the asshole is firing right in my garden
Ha ha ha ha RT : But, but, but, we're more aggressive... RT : Baserunning is KILLING this team!
Moving out in just over a week and I haven't prepared anything, this soooo unlike me.
Love how me trying to help turns into my fault!!
Why is Steve Yzerman ignoring the forwards?!? What is he doing?
These people on the Nintendo Treehouse are the smartest people alive.
Thank you everyone who posted a picture of the sunset. I have never seen one before but thank you for sharing.
that party was genius. bouncy cake and clowns. wow. \n.
Robben is the besy diver in the business. Alrwady going down before the contact. Genius!
Sitting on the SARS site for 30 mins now made me a Pro! Let me aid in submitting your Returns.
Would like to thank for giving me a t-shirt with a cat on rather than something id even be botherd about
haha nice catching up with you too then..
I hate looking for socks it has to be one of the 10 worse things to do
EXACTLY How I Wanted To Spend My Day Off
Rick Perry looks so much smarter in glasses. It's completely changed my opinion of him.
My girlfriend just said she doesn't give two shits about my twitter...does this mean I can do now?
Oh Toronto, you are such a fun place to drive in
wow I didn't miss this place at all....
Also good thing everyone burned their LBJ 23 jerseys. Hopefully he doesn't take that number back.
I luv working!
Dubmass&gt;&lt;clearly missed the obvious
Just found out Shania Twain is Canadian. The American dream is a lie
BEST line in a love song EVER!! \"Love is a cancer that grows on the soul\" \n
I just love it when my room is a sauna.
WTF! went to see a movie about giant fighting robots from space and the whole fucking thing was just robots fighting, how dumb.
Practice in a little , yay \n
Dave Hockaday AND Junior Lewis. Leeds are in for a right treat. Lewis might even play if you ask him nicely! Amazing talent!
I'm so happy after this long day that I can't sleep and my eye is super swollen and hurts. . Guess I'll or
Off to the hospital to hang out with the brother here pretty soon... Can you sense my excitement for this situation?!
You can tell a lot about a person by what music they listen to. Me, I listen to epic pieces!
Brandon is so nice to me..
So Lord Reid thinks that BT should step up the efforts on what they've been doin so far so more lies &amp; scaremongering! Can't wait!
Food is my best friend.
But, but, but, we're more aggressive... RT : Baserunning is KILLING this team!
What kind of futuristic technology is this?
WOW ITS CALL OF DUTY SO COOL CANT WAIT TO PLAY THE SAME GAME FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME
Working at American Eagle is so much more fun than going out on a boat!
I love stupid people! Without them there'd be no way to measure my brilliance.
I'm gonna name my future son Granite.
SOMEONE TAGGED MY POST AS \/\/
So I went fishing, the waves put our boat sideways and I fell to the water with my phone on my pocket. SUCH AN AWESOME DAY
KVM2, minggu depan selasa sila dtg kelas ye. ade kuiz sains. dtg amik kuiz je. hari lain xnak datang takpe..janji masa kuiz dtg
Why are all my 'favourite' people at the pub the night I get called into work
well the higher ups got all 3 stars in war.....\n\nXP
Ah I'm delighted for Rooney he deserves it along with the 300k a week
Loveee not talking to my boyfriend all day. :c
Oh huzzah no one saw this coming!! MN
I love having to dig to the bottom of my purse for keys. but big purses are the bomb!
I'm so pumped for my double tomorrow...jk
This is exactly what I had in mind. Thank you so much for caring!
I'm probably going to go to college and have no friends because no one will get my sense of humor
Happy Birthday to Bill Tupou, drop it like it's hot
Ya know, I only hot the snooze button 4 times this morning. I'm feeling THAT motivated for work.
OMG! Facebook used information it gathered from people who use their site voluntarily, for free to earn some cash?! The horror!
I really love not having plans on a Friday night!
When you laying with your eyes closed &amp; someone comes and asks \"are you sleeping?\" Like no I'm training to die
I bet hide and seek is so hard when the camera is pointed right at your hiding place.
Bodies everywhere!!! What a brutal sport.
Ohhh... Fireworks night at Safeco on June 27. I am in! Booking my flight now.
Why do Mosquitos exist
Greste gets 7 years in Egypt for reporting news. Rolf gets 5 years in the UK for assaulting women and children. yeah. That's fair.
It's kinda funny how I always mess it up
all signs of Kurdish Islamic guidance
I'd almost watch soccer over this.
Lol what a surprise
Maybe Hillary should be like Ted Cruz who speaks to RW Groups for Free.
wow I feel so great about myself thanks.
Joy, another day at home
Lesbians helping to write Texas Democratic platform. Oh, joy!
Appointment was at 10:40. It's now 11:11. It's a good thing I don't have anywhere to go.
Shoutout to the President for shutting down 71, it is very helpful
Ha the fact that I stayed up with this shit on my mind is insane! Glad someone text me tho:)
One sure fire way to get everyone to believe the way you do is to shove your beliefs down other's throats.
Just love being left out
I ...such a great
Have fun at warped. You're all so fucking hardcore.
What a fabulous ending to a great day
Shoutout to those who do the bare minimum, you're really getting somewhere in life
I really hate it when the singer gets half the words wrong when I sing along!!! :) Someone need 2 do sth about this!
Waiting for Obama to start negotiations with ISIS on a *peaceful* take over of Baghdad from his client Maliki.
Lefties were hitting under 200 against outman sounds like a good reason to send him down
One leads an exciting life when consists of spreading cream cheese on a bagel
Belgium should play Hazard as a target man in the box like Argentina play Messi. No other choice if USA play a deep compact block
British sports journo having agenda again players, managers or teams what ever next! Absolute poppycock
Life is too short for regrets, but just long enough for you to fuck up &amp; move on!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
waiting for multiple server installs &amp; db exports to finish is so much fun
All of a sudden kings fans emerge lol. I like how that happens in sports come playoff time..
'Pull your head outta the cloud!' That was a good one!
Happy Monster Traffic Jam Fiesta !
When I saw insomanic logo
OMG such a surprise
Yeah because Arizona's climate and terrain is NOTHING like Africa's or dry countries in the Middle East. (100+ days without rain)
LOL AT YOU.
Working with the bae today. Whoooop!
Excellent work Instant Replay. You're a true innovation....
Doctors appointment coming up. I hope it's a fever and pink eye! Come on big money!!
Vacaciones del terror es la mejor peli que he visto jaja
I'm am so productive that I dk what I did for the past hours HAHAHA
Nothing better than work on a Saturday morning...
I love when Amazon packs things in a really crappy way, so the brand new items I order arrive in broken pieces.
I love how we are going get swept by the Mariners
The world is full of flawless, perfect people!
A header from ? You don't say....he NEVER scores on headers
So i woke up early at 6.35 only to find out I'm running late because it's actually 7.35
I can't wait to wake up at 3:30 tomorrow morning
People point out that I need more food.
ew, that also means i have to type things like \" :( \" instead of using a sexy ass emoji OMG HOW WILL I PROPERLY EXPRESS MYSELF
Pfft that shower is fine. Vintage luxe yo!
I've been single for a while and i have to say it's going very well.\nLike.. it's working out.\nI think I'm the one.\n\n
I just love getting hateful comments because I stood up for what I believe in!
Is there anything Becks' can't do?
wow you have so much going for you. congrats.
I work too much At least we are working at the happiest place, rather than a summer watching tv
Not only is it Monday, I'm back to work after a week off. Excellent!
That's not creepy at all
How is it that Lebron strips people all the time and never fouls. Amazing.
It's always nice not having service
what a great night to end a great day :)
I love team work how everyone pulls together making a already hard shift go smoothly and stress free -
Che simpi i telecronisti!
Oh good, my kids are twerking at .
Thanks for all your help Bobby
Solitude.........me time, God time, knitting and reading time.
I MIGHT NOT UNDERSTAND IT OTHERWISE AND THUS FEEL STUPID
Ehrhoff thinks he can win in Pittsburgh ahead of Edmonton? Poor decision making skills.
Threw my back out! This is gonna be a great day, I can feel it!
is that feminists refuse to put up with bigotry. What a terrible thing to do.
Get my license back today then gets suspended again in 2 weeks yay!
Nothing I love more than spending my days off alone
Love how I'm the one who has to send the first message in order to keep in touch .. Ugh
Drive by shooting in last night. Awesome.
The Spurs definitely deserved it! And what a great comeback after last year. Awww
home, bored &amp; I hear fireworks but don't see them. my night is just going perfect
Life is just one big ray of sunshine..
14 hours of work tomorrow; can't wait-_-
when ppl have nothing better to do so they message you&gt;&gt;&gt;
Thinking that the Sox should break out offensively tonight, I'd say they are good for at least 4 hits.
Looks like my two thousand dollar laptop has a virus...great!
Woah!!! Vince Young is retiring ???
Wow Jason Derulo, your dance expertise is incredible.
Sims 4: Swimming Pools Expansion
So glad I can go work out and practice shooting for 3hrs and be trusted to actually be there
I bet Lebron wants to come to Milwaukee.
I love rain delay with no rain
Oh righr. Blizzard employees are *real* people with *real* feelings. Just like the rest of us.
LRT I'm sure Johnny Football was rolling that dollar bill to tip the bathroom attendant.
I think this World Cup would be better if they brought in a few vuvuelas
Cat pooped all over the carpet!
Hey were the 2014-2015 nhl season games announced,I could never tell by my timeline
Kyle Busch - 5 Truck starts, 5 wins. 16 Cup starts - 1 win, 1 top-10 in last 5 starts ... that's talent, folks.
I'm stunned that Brown's been whinging. Not like him at all...
I'm shocked John Axford couldn't get a hold. Just shocked.
Nice effort by AL Pierzynski there.
Love these accurate weather applications.\n. Best weather application is the window.
I'M ON THE AIR!!! TWERKIN' IN THE STUDIO Virgin Radio 96
I actually sorta feel badly for the Heat
Can't wait to spend countless hours with my hot sweaty nasty football team without my phone
I just LOVE hearing other couples fight in the same house in which I live 8D
Lois Lerner's emails lost? My tax check got lost too. Not my fault, I swear!!
Slow clap for all the gentlemen on the bus who just got up from their handicap seats for a man with a cane.
Good to know Myki readers now take on average 5 seconds to recognise cards. More time to wait getting on the tram.
There's nothing better than divorced parent drama
Ah, yes. Nothing like being catcalled while waiting for a friend to really start off your morning.
Fan favourite Gotze
Haven't tweeted a lot because I've been bed ridden for the past week.
Being home alone and nothing to do is exactly howni wanted to spend my day off.
but really, thanks
Yeah when I think of my ideal kind of comedy I imagine an old guy saying "fuck her right in the pussy"
Dah pakai cantik tu memang mau orang tgk kan?
What a surprise Brazil scored 7-1
Because as an avid gamer, I can tell you that I've never wanted to experience anything more than to simulate the "life" of a rock.
I love doctors. I love them even more when I have the privilege to go by myself!
Up at 5 am...joyous...
RT \": will become the first African country to qualify for the second round of this year's .\"
Wooo american football
So glad it's getting hot 'n humid. I was afraid New York wouldn't get that special Summer Stench this year.
...oh look its raining...again...I am so shocked
Early flights to Joburg are the best!
Binny chosen as a bowler, rasool kept out, Tiwari in for mishra and choses bat first. What a start to this last match.
That missed opportunity from France was Giroud's fault
\": Algeria up 4-1 on South Korea. Asian teams getting worked in this World Cup.\"
Sooo.. Time to sleep.. Alone.. Jiha..
Well, now my day is fantastic...
Man this is a really exciting college world series
I love it when guys make you text first and put in all the effort
Be careful when you are blindly following the masses... sometimes the "m" is silent..
Good to see the Braves offense is clicking tonight.
3 chapters of one textbook: 50 pages. 1 chapter of another: 40 pages.
the best thing about having direct TV is when it won't work in the rain!
Tsjonge goede scheids hey
Rizzo represented himself well today after getting voted into the over J-UP in today's game..
Nothing brightens up your day like getting hit on by a guy with a grill. Yes, I said a grill.
Turns out that I need a metal plate and pins in my collarbone now.... The summers going great so far
when you think someone keeps saying your name
Oh thanks for asking me to babysit!
...just heard Lewis Hamilton on 5live and man does he sound happy with qualifying!
tellin people to stop bashin around when u created the probs urself. respect.
I love the feeling of being alone.
The best awkward moments are had with family
Running into a little girl who decided to ride her bike right out in front of me, would have been the cherry on top of this day
Ready for school?
I'm allergic to stupidity. I break out in .
Life being sick is just is fun :) so is :)
Ya ya ya cheer cuz you TOTALLY deserved that game
two tempos tomorrow!
Heaven forbid you could be *gasp* FRIENDS with a girl! Oh, by the gods, the heresy!
So glad we got here 2 hours early.
I think there may have been an inside joke between and on the news there related to word "packed"!! Haha
Oh wait wow I almost forgot that Teen Wolf comes back on tonight good thing I have to work so I can't watch it live
My siblings support of my skating is overwhelming.
Thank you , once again you didn't disappoint me!
5 weekends in a row without rain? Thanks, .
great.... I get to listen to the NBA Draft at work....
Jodie Meeks 3 years 19 mil. Is that maybe 5 mil or so year 1? Whoa. Huge deal!
Goodbye to 3 months of whatevership. It was fun while it lasted. Lol.
How good are west ham mascherano couldn't get in our team we were so strong. How funny.
when people were the govt they never made sabasaba a national holiday sahi wanalialia i smell
Watching at work
Brazil is having a Sochi moment. Seems to be having a wonderful time hosting the World Cup.
Under constitutional law I have right 2 bear arms, thus it is my employers responsibility 2 buy my firearms
I love people who take forever to reply.
Releasing in the off-season is really paying off for the right now...
I choose to believe what i was programmed to believe.
Housework is definitely my favourite thing about a Monday!!!
A stranger asked me to get into his car. Does that sound sketchy at all? I didn't think so
Can't think of a better way to spend a Saturday night than studying income tax for the .
A huge congratulations to the !!! They've lost yet another payment check! Nice job, guys. Keep up the great work.
I stayed up so late last night playing Mario Kart, I don't know how I'm alive RN!
They'll become flaming Socialists before they hit puberty.
I am on my last can of until the 18th. My upcoming period is going to be awesome.
\"United, City and Tottenham are set to battle it out for Memphis Depay\".\n\nOh wow, I wonder which one he'll choose?
I love spending my day off helping other people with their Errands
Thank you random customer for telling me to \"go suck a c*ck\" under your breath. Made my day...
Omg, Comeau is a ufa. There is a clear need, right ? .
1/2 a book and 1350 words to go. Shakespeare I'm beginning to hate you
S/O to the person who cut my uncle lock for our storage unit and stole my fishing pole. I hope that pole goes to good use for you!
I love how awesome my phone battery is
My screen widget na ang iOS 8? Great! Android has it ever since!
So we have "The Decision" and now we have "The Essay"....what a jerk
I love how Liam is all of a sudden SO against lying when he was lying about his connection with Skerkel
Who loves root canals? I LOVE ROOT CANALS! Who loves missing workshop? I love missing workshop!
Fans heckling the pitcher to throw the ball will NEVER get old
At the hospital.... -_- it's gonna be fun on a bun
Nice footwork by Hart.
Waiting forever at the subway.
Wow. My older brother can't even text me back even when his girlfriend said he was on his phone today.
Brpa kali nk gthu beger hbs mlm ni hbs hbs hbs hbs.. sabar tunggu esk tu pon klau kdai buka
I guess war is bound to happen again when you foolishly pull your troops out just to save an election. Great foresight, Obama.
What's better than an hour+ flight delay? Realizing you have to be at work in nine hours.
Lolz..\n\": My OUTRAGE for US intervention in Iraq has been replaced by OUTRAGE that US is not intervening in .\"\n
Chile are so far my winning team in this World Cup. Drinks on me!
Algeria - ooooo, We're so scared!
I am sure the Michaels ipo will take off like $gpro
Women wearing socks with sandals &amp; heels?! Seriously,wear your uggs instead ladies, that would be a better look. don't wear uggs ;)
Aww that's cute he sent me a text isn't he the sweetest guys
Over 50 problems of calc to finish up, a quiz, a final, and an extra credit test..all before Thursday.
Nothing better than highlights from a 0-0 half!
working on my day off because i love my job that much
What a great way to wake up!
If would set up a gofundme site they could raise revenue equal to commercials - we could have a marathon.
I love how my iPad reminds me to get back to work by randomly crashing my apps
i think my summer has been the best yet
In bed by 9:30 on a Saturday night, with a med lemon and my paeds textbook. Overwhelmed my the sexiness of my life right now
I don't know about you guys, but i'm pumped for this Iran and Nigeria game
MT : Our Admin is unilaterally taking away Trademarks and shutting down coal but don't worry YOUR property is safe
Well this good mood is starting to wear off.. Just in time for my favourite day.
Wow. Cause being called a B**** on vacation is great :) best vacation ever
I have the time and money to go shopping for a whole new wardrobe. Yup. I sure do. -__-
Is it only me who feels really awkward when the window cleaner turns up and I'm just sat in the living room like well this is fun
What a perfect day to end my bday:) ??!!
leaving the gas station I heard a lady say "I gotta go.. I got puppies coming out" I wanted to ask why she slept with a dog!! Lol
Who is this Nick Kyrgios kid again? Can I please have more tweets in my timeline telling me about what he did?
I love not being able to sleep....
Dan zeggen de Belgen dat ze beter zijn als Holland. I can see
Arnab: So India wants to know...\nIndia: No, I don't. Buzz off.\n
doing a personal sing a long but a neighbour just yelled shut up in chinese
Federer finishes playing his first round against to reach finals . Kudos to for putting a good show!
Oh how I love busy buses
Electricity went out! Woohoo! I am so excited to be sitting in the dark!
I just love political surveys
So mascom and BPC are in a relo?.. wow, they make a good couple though.
My hands are freezing but my writing is on fire
Venda network soo on point! LOL
I bet the only reason they found her was because of everyone reposting on ig...
Time to buy new foundation &amp; concealer , I'm so ready to drop another 75
Tonight has just been a wonderful night
You're such a godly person, &amp; I'm so happy for you.
Pulled both my quads. Cant move. Busiest week at work. Great timing
I'm glad my nose broke my fall..
I wish I could be like the people who always post pics of what they're eating.
I love imsg so much
wow. what a great start to the day.
I get an email from for 20% off on ! Wohooo i finally get condoms with somw discount!
This night is just getting better and better
Y el \"Rambo\" porque no fue al Mundial, si el fue goleador
I can't thank you enough
yay for waiting to go to the airport
Thankful for in-flight wifi so I can stalk twitter endlessly without escape and watch NO decision happen.
Thanks Suarraz ....lol Come on England xx
I'm 20 years old and I have no idea what love is Idk how you 15 year olds know wtf it is. But go you !!!
I get to walk home in the rain...yay?
Such an exhausting day. Can't wait to do it again tomorrow. #
god bless billy king
Love staying at work an hour after we're closed, and then hitting every red light on the drive home.
Soccer has taken foothold in US now. : you still watching that sport?"
Suarez punishment is a joke. Suspension worked before didn't it?
Gonna go on youtube now because my life is so interesting. \n(Shouldn't have hashtagged) \nor that.
mum just asked me if I could do a degree in citizenship....I love the faith she has in me, always urging me to go after my dreams.
I would like to thank John Cena for burying the whole Wyatt Family.
Time to go drive 250 miles!! So excited!!!!
irish coffee &amp; glazed mini doughnuts..that's how my night is going down..apparently we're watching Star Trek..yay
Daughter in at home quarantine for Hand Foot and Mouth the week before vacay? Sooo non-stressful.
This morning is working out stellar
Outstanding entry from the state of Missouri! Yay consolation prizes!
I feel very loved.
Coolest snap ive ever seen!
Love the emotional shit when people give up. Luuuuuuveeeee ittt
ERMAGHERD - Youtube now in 60FPS and 1080P - BESTEST VIDIOZ EVA!!! cc:
I had difficulties getting up but thank god are there the builders next door and there blasting radio at a quarter to 7!!
My bus driver is so great!
Every gamer wants to game in the sun. .
Life's Tragedy is that we get Old too soon and Wise too Late !!
Sorry fans. Stephen A. says this is all about and going to Miami. Woj &amp; Broussard must not know anything.
Wait...so people can't serve in church because of where they work? Oh man I guess being accepting like Jesus was wrong.
At least I'm not guna miss the opening World Cup game tommorow......
About to blow my macros out. Sushi dinner I deserve it.
Ronaldo is amazing at taking free kicks
Florida's Joker Phillips has resigned. Is he the next CHHS head coach?
Finish work and have the lawns to mow ... I love my life
Oh goodie Frozen is on for the 3rd time today! I really missed that movie!
I've not seen the England bus joke enough today
Found an stream because I win at the internet. God I missed the "frog protection" commercial so much.
selamat pagi..nice game last night spain :p
Glad to know how you really feel
LeBron headed back to the Cavs. Didn't see that coming.
Gapapa spanyol yang penting ball possession :))
It's shows a lot of what u think of me
IM SO HAPPY PEOPLE KEEP INVITING ME TO DO THINGS IM SO GLAD I HAVE SO MANY FRIENDS WHO WOULD NOTICE IF I WERE TO DISAPPEAR...
1st day of vacation. Yeah, we really need this rain.
Looks like about 600. Not too bad.
AMO LAS INYECCIONES
So fucking glad I'm home!
Yeee front row of the end of carrefour parking
Being burnt is the best feeling ever!!
sex tape that really is more of a straight up pornographic film Wait, WHAT? A sex tape isn't a porno? WOW!
Just got home from oztag... Sounds like I missed a cracking game?
Instead of being happy to have a new pic of a bunch of friends, ppl argue that it's not said person bc of his hair...
Best player in the world... Right
Happy Fathers Day to all you amazing dads out there!You'll all never be as great as my Anto, but sure keep trying :) LOL
Yeah yeah ITV, its all bloody Hovis.
Making a new garment type has me thinking of projects. Because I have nothing else to do.
ankle is only in pain when I go up/down stairs. Thankfully I didn't have to do laundry on the 3rd floor when I live in the basement
41 points in the first to 30 points in the second? are bums!
Parents asked if it was busy at work today.... Nope I just worked 13 hours for the hell of it
drought conditions yet stands are going up to sell to residents. Makes perfect sense.
What you are about to say should be ALL of the following: 1. True, 2. Kind and 3. Necessary.
I wonder if this Gerrard\/Lampard combo can work?
Is it 4:30 yet?
some people just dont get it... sigh
1. Double points at last race.
Great to see printers are as easy to set up as ever.
Hah, Belgian bureaucracy... You got to love it
Man you gotta love spending time with everybody else's kid but your own.
Oh gee I just love being up this late on a school night.
Nice to get home from work just in time to see tie .
The news keeps getting better and better today...
I wish I could be in the position of having to choose between a 90 or 120 million $ salary. We should respect these tough choices
She is making her sleep with a lullaby \nAnd he is saying her goodbye in his dreams! \n
Just working on that lifeguarding full piece bathing suit tan...
Super awesome that I can attend a workshop this afternoon that stomps all over what we taught about this morning. From experience.
all over the place
No better feeling than waking up n the morning and going straight to work
Programming is fun.
I love doing nothing on nice days
Well, finally was able to login to my only to find that everything but equipment was vendored! Sure am happy
It's fine, kids. We all enjoy watching you zip up your pants in the hallway. No need to go somewhere private to get dressed.
In other news, my tent leaks. Yippee!
The had more attention than ? Shocking! .
I guess u know more than market watch also. I'm sorry I didn't know I was talking to a genius
Just saw the game recap of the Reds and Cubs, and I have to say that the are a class act organization!
stopped having birthdays at 30, when I reach 40 I'm counting backwards.
..or beliefs, should not eat during the fasting month. As it is considered an 'offence' to commit
Some peoples manners are truly adorable! You filthy cunt!
So you can privately disagree with the church but if you publicly disagree you will be excommunicated? I see.
That was nice
Nothing really warms my heart more than when 12 year olds wear shirts that say "keep one rolled" etc etc etc.
Gee, I'm so glad I changed my Fantasy Team at the last minute to drop Lloyd &amp; Kerr and pick up Angerer.
I fucking love spending Saturday nights on my own
can't explain how much I love seeing girl's crotch shots of them in the bathtub.
I love this title: "Will study tours solve Gurgaon's ?" drowns in waste, too!
Whoa whoa wait...has a daughter? Who knew!
Locking myself out of my house is always fun!
the hashtag is freaking me OUT. some of the tweets are just so wrong. I will now retweet the most "awesome" ones.
Goshhh just loving the way I'm getting treated
so excited for the awkward fam din tonight
French Montana should sing some more repetitive songs......
I binge drink. But it's only because i study sooo hard. on the last part haha
I just love mowing the lawn
Ah wat ik ben ik blij met een examen vandaag om 18.00h!!!
Being Ignored Is The Bestttttttt
Having constant nightmares are amazing.
Walking to work :) bike broke on way to work. Made my fricken day.
hahahaha seeing an old picture of me w/ someone i hate? and a bunch of bullshit comments? something i *totally* enjoy seeing
I Want to get to an IIM so that i can write about my adventures there and become a best selling author. A friend just said that.
That just makes me feel great!!
Finally on the train!!! Only a 45 minute wait. And I have to change for busses. Such a great start to the week!!!
Maybe we should cut Davis and bring him back. That should help. \n
Good thing we got those 6 meaningless runs to make it look closer in the box score...
Sure pastor I would love to be in charge of the senior citizens ministry; they don't scare me at all.
Also can you not use \"#\" bc it looks like a waffle and I have no self-control when it comes to looking at food.
Chandler absent from training. Hmmm ... if Lando can't get into the team as a striker, maybe fullback is the answer.
It's true though....
its okay.. harper avery award will do.
When people cancel plans way last minute, like k thanks
Hailey: \"Do you have a chickfila in College Station?\" \nMe: \"Nope. And we also don't have running water or electricity.\"
Love walking into meetings and interrupting them to get approval!
Let me guess Jose your gonna follow your parents again, talk shit about me ok ! talk shit again and ima slap t'f out of you ! Smh
Yay. My battery is down to 7% and I still don't have my charger. I'm so happy
Naw, &amp; . Calling a \"trans* troll account\" isn't TERF-y at all.
Yep, that's who I'd leave unmarked too: Thomas Mueller
There's always one guy on any training course for any job that wants more airtime than the instructor. Joyous.
Tuve la sensatez de cortarme el flequillo.
You try to be with somebody that wanna be somebody else !
A very productive day, indeed. Indeed.
.I don't see what's so offensive. Other perfectly fine names are whiteskins, blackskins, yellowskins
Ah, Flyers fans classy as always, even at the draft.
It's a swell day when an engineer tries to convince me that he knows English grammar better than I do.
\"...in most systems, once you have more than a few petabytes it starts to break down.\" Yeah, I have that problem every day...
I enjoy being rejected by the person I care the most for, it doesn't hurt at all.
Just love being ignored!!
It's krul for costa rica
My husband is on a 'days til football' countdown. 61. But is it college or NFL ? Excited for my Sundays to disappear
rule when addressing an enemy, tell them what you will NOT do
Super brilliant move trading Samardzija, Cubs. one of the best moves you have made ever. am i being enough?
It's always best to play it safe in the arts; we wouldn't want to be controversial or ask uncomfortable questions.
With Van Gaal performing so well, is there even a point to next seasons' PL. Might as well just give United the title back.
I wish ESPN would cover Lebron James more.
(Islam is caught throwing stones at girls again)
I need to do something fun today! Guess I'll pack some more...
Ah well at least there's football on to keep me awake...
Just love being woken up to women arguing....
Heh, 5 Seconds of Suck. So goddamned witty.
Such a fun 4th of July...
BF4... still sucks. I know, I was mindblown too.
Just spent the past 25 minutes chasing a chipmunk through the house.
So apparently I have UTC parents to thank for my mother making me go grocery shopping.
New unfollower :)
So glad Donovan came in to score a late goal off the bench. We definitely needed him. now , give it a rest.
Haha on my birthday.... I got a shit load of bad news
Nice to see none of the players mentioning boredom in that piece then
Tequila, wine, orange liquor and vodka are a fun combination ha ha ha
Good news, I woke up this morning and my tooth STILL hurts. :/
.I think you forgot to add to this tweet...
I :) am :) so :) happy :) right :) now :)\n\n
Laying on my bed staring at the ceiling. Summer is great I love it.
Messi is definitely the greatest player in the world after that display, he dictated the whole game
I see the BBC have the Dream Team in the studio with Gary tonight. Huzzah!
BLESSED The new collection by Zara
Its Only The Social Networking Sites That Made Me Realise That I Love My Dad So Much
Cricket chirping and dark alleyways = best way for important hell convo scenes
OH MY GOD! CROSBY IS SO AMAZING! HE DESERVES EVERY AWARD KNOWN TO MAN, EVEN IF CLAUDE GIROUX IS WAY MORE DESERVING!
Pepe doing his reputation a world of hood there
I know so many people who have had kids young and it worked out so well for them.
Driving out of NYC at 5:17 on a weekday. There probably won't be any traffic.
Thanks for the help though (:
Starting to heat up here ... oh the joy Guess i'll put off the ableton till urm ...... tonigh... oh wait, hot too.. So tomorrow.
And my night just keeps getting better
Best teacher ever: \" Children, u should do this at home and tell me the answer tmr bcose idk how to do!\"
Wow what an amazing day!
You begin your conference with CoD? Great way to keep my interest
sadly over, nothing left to do now but try to pass off the fudge from the workshop as an anniversary present
Kesler to Anaheim... Yeah they weren't big enough up front
yeah, this is a LIE, remember, no WMD in Iraq, stop LYING
Come on keep dreams alive
I love autocorrect!
\"Wow, are you for real?\" Nah I just spent the last god knows how fucking long saying that because I was bored.
Well my morning is going just swell .
While I'm helping out my , or you guys want a shot at the World title too?!
Yeah... I'm so jealous.. I'm gonna commit suicide right now. Bye.
job searching is always exhilarating
Simmons is rocking this analysis.
What a great way to start my bday off
Balotelli will get an Oscar after this game, for an outstanding cry-baby performance.
Ledbetter: I choose to live here, too. I know that makes a lot of people happy.
Idk why everyone says \"avoid girls when they're on their periods\". You guys are always so cheerful when Im around you
Failed HPE... Dang
So excited this pesky weekend finally almost over so i can get back to work so pumped come on 4:45am
My parents just smelled up the house messing up a vacuum.
Off to the most glorious campus in the world, good ol hvcc
Proper nice seeing boobs on my timeline
Danny welbeck is an injury doubt for absoloutly gutted, best player to ever pull on the shirt
My birthdays gunna suck extra this year... Yay....
After seeing resigned Scott Hannan, glad to see that the commitment to go young is proceeding as planned.
I have so many friends! I love it!
I don't have to be anywhere mom, take your time...
metro manila traffic.
Impossible, muslim moderates never speak up. So this must've not happened...
My demons are calling me saint.\n\n
It will be another "Stay at Home Day" tomorrow! Woohooo! awesome!
So it's time to write a review, but I'm really not sure what to say...
Chick in this restaurant is toting a Dante's Inferno paperback. That there is light reading, folks.
my cat has chewed a total of 10 headphones and 8 charging cords and im ready to throw him out a window
The is over 17,000... A sign that nothing bad will ever happen again.
I think the Cup needs more slow motion shots.
Trips officially canceled my family just loves each other guess it's a friends trip now who's down! Coast! Trip!
My favorite sound in the world is hearing the swarm of Kids Inc. kids entering the pool.
Lol. I love when people spread rumors.
best part of going to the beach: seeing a 70 year old man in a speedo
My favorite thing in the whole world is when someone starts a conversation akd then stops responding after 2 texts.
Our players are proper belting out the national anthem
It's always nice to know your five years of hard work is appreciated.
Netherlands and Holland are the same place yeah real talk never knew that
Trying to start OITNB on Netflix but the children keep walking inside to grab chalk and stuff...ugh it's so hard being a parent
Dad: nick you have to be at dance at like midnight \nMe: what!?!?!\nDad: well at 8:00\n
Sleeping on an air mattress for 5 days. Doesn't get any better than that. Oh wait, NO WIFI.
Let the transfer rumors for Ozil start!
Sharks win the cup!!!
For once in your life, try being smart.
Thank god that all these farm leaguers have so many coaches. I mean they're on the field, in the dug out. Hell even in the stands
mmmmm its mint living here!
I sold the jetta tonight. Cue the boyz II men. \"It's so harrrrd to say goodbyeeeee, to yesterday heeeeeeeeeeee\".
Bloomfield has the greatest cellphone reception ever!!
Rainy Saturday afternoon... What to do? I know! I'll go to work for 3 hours!
How fucking adorable. \n\n
were extremely lucky that the draw could see play
Spain looks like they could use Messi. Where is he?
Yayyyy I get to deal with being drunk
First meal with the family since i became a vegetarian...
Here's an olive branch. Please choke on it.
My blowdryer and wen. Electricity. Mac. Snapchat. Twitter. The important things in life
Love waiting outside in the heat to start my job.
Oh it's so cool to hear the booming chant of \"USA USA!\" at the World Cup
I'm going to start humming the \"Imperial March\" every time Obama walks to his podium.
Wow I really love today's weather
fans delighted with the news about the imminent appointment of Irvine
Sure, I'll get rained on. What a fantastic day.
Saturday will be fun...
Guys! Oh my god!! GUYSSS!!!! there are 4 work related injuries in Washington a day! WHY IS THIS HAPPENING TO US?!?!?!?!
\"Do you need to use the bathroom?\"\n No, I'm just here cause I was looking for a shortcut to the kitchen. I\nshould tone down the
Such a great defensive stand by Brazil!! -0now
Round housing the corner flag is a cute celebration.
Sounds like I missed a great game of league tonight...
Being on hold for a long time is the best way to spend a day!
Kristian is always sooo excited to talk to me
Oh my the boys in my family sure can pick the girls they wanna marry!
I will leave you to your little list of things for yourself then, while I go arrange everything for everyone else.
Today is just super fantastic. No food, no money to get any food, and spendin the entire day by myself. Perfect.
I wish somebody would tweet about the Lebron decision
Having strep throat is so much fun...........................NOT!!!
watching a dvd and my whole tv just shut off, love life!
Walk in to work, nd got someone yellin my managers head off :/
Wow, Embiid looked excited to be selected.
Oh so Dempsey is too good to start in a Cup match to go on Letterman!
The joy of having breakfast with your mute, sad, cranky flatmate.
Can Kat mention she was a little bitty high schooler ONE MORE TIME?
We're skipping steps. But at least they didn't trade the player who's jersey I bought, cause he's an All-Star!!!
aaannnd i'm allergic to latex too
Yeah, not as cool looking as usual, must be global warming\": The sun looks hot\"
I totally didn't see that coming
Well looks the taking a road trip to Bell County. Yay
I love the way daltan treats me always answering my texts and snapchatting me back
Where's Joe Gatto at?
Slow clap to concurrence in , for sure anti-abortion voices have been silenced in public debate and policy making.
Germany up a Touchdown on Brazil
Anyone want to run hills at Fed Hill this evening?
That's real cool.
Joon hyun and "Junhyang", the two new members of BEAST. welcome to the group and fandom :)
I absolutely love when \"soccer fans\" say that Ronaldo is their favorite player
Shoveling manure, my favorite
SHHH! Don't bring up their Christian &amp; Jew slaughter in the ME
OMFG !!! Did Devin jus say he had a daughter???!! I never knew that!!! Secrets reveal!!!! STFU
cant wait for my TL to be full of people who fake care about soccer.
My dad asked why I'm so insecure and told me I'm way too sensitive.
is a great way to look cool, but not as good as
I really want to be spending my evening writing about converting HD audio to CD quality. No better way to spend the evening really.
Yay for my wisdom teeth being fucked up!
Love people who preach but don't listen to their own message
Glad I got home just in time for the Sox to lose.
I am hashtag excited for my hashtag party this weekend...hashtag yay!
Airporch Musings: Do fat 30-ish white guys with dreadlocks know how cool they look?
Ha your funny
Got woken up by fighting parents. I can already tell this is gonna be a good day.
That nasty layer of death and regret on the roof of your mouth after eating extremely artificial and chemical ridden food... yum.
I'm excited to wake up at 7 am tomorrow
I love waking up at 2am in so much pain. - I did not want to go back to the doctors ;(
I can tell that is enjoying this match...
Imagine while high?
My guidelines for avoiding \nWhat you are about to say should be ALL of the following: 1. True, 2. Kind and 3. Necessary.
I just love when every single person in my family doesn't answer their phone
No better way to close out a 5-game series than going extras during a day game. I'm sure the players love it!
cant wait for Cleveland to be the most liked team again, and all those people who hated LeBron to be chanting MVP again.
I know it sucks that we won't get Iginla back. But you can rest easy knowing Jordan Caron will be back.
The fact they refer to Obama as the first black President is racist. Does his white mother's genetics mean nothing to him? Lol
And there ya have it, the difference between mom &amp; dad
And it's the 22nd oh nice!
so I made my Twitter account this day two years o m g happy me.... thanks for the info twitter...
Good job, movie. Give the "real live cavewoman" character make-up, perfect curly hair, and a boob window. Perfect.
Missed my alarm My charger is bent for my phone and my car my die on my way to work... this is going to be the start of a great day
Why do I have so few followers? "Keep tweeting about Satanism, heroin and suicide. You'll be sure to get more followers."
Alexis Sanchez just tweeted if he had known what the new WBA shirt was like he'd have signed for us not Arsenal....
I looooove that you don't wanna talk to you..
What a superb signing Senderos looks!
Gold and oil futures down by a half percent and one percent respectively. In other words....we have NOTHING to worry about.
is in carrington's restroom at the moment.. he's taking a shit it's going to take awhile
Win or lose you show the opposing team some respect!
Ang gwapo nya, GRABE.
Cleaning sludge from the bottom of the duck pond is my new favourite job :-/
Conversation is flowing tonight
Google Vault Mail restore is export mail from Archive import Mail with some kind of awesome tool . Thank you Archive.
I'm outta here. Stuff to be done and it's hard, tiring work being unilaterally annoying consistently.
Feeling so valued by my children. HBU?
Was that brazil attacking?
\": kalau boikot McD. di mana tempat budak uitm nak belajar \" hermmm dah takleh nk blja kat mcd temerloh
With down 2 runs in the 9th, Mikael Franco swung at first pitch and hit into DP. Seems like he's ready to be promoted.
Good thing I wasn't looking forward to the warm, sunny weekend that was promised by
I'm so excited to work 6pm-2am tomorrow!!!!
I wish I was able to sleep in until 12 o'clock in the afternoon.
The graphics in Jaws 3 are absolutely amazing.
See that girl nearly demolishing those NO CALORIE crackerbreads in the Jacobs advert?!
Oh no! Guys... I didn't vote.
is body's natural defense against .
I need to move out of the country and start over, because running away from your problems solves everything.
Get those Lance Lynn, Matt Adams and Marco Gonzales for Troy Tulowitzki trade proposals ready, Cards Talk!
You're so cool if you have thousands of followers and don't follow anyone.
Love feeling apart of a family
War can be horrifying &amp; harrowing, I hope they make it out without injuries or PTSD
Shoutout to Monty police department for being super fucking chill people, you guys really are the fine line between chaos and order
Oh snap, new X-Men Game!
Underrated, is. hits the nail - again.
Just love figuring out your "best friend" is talking crap behind your back.
Let's talk about how classy Philadelphia is.
\"Don't lose any sleep over this.\" Easier said than done.
So I like to re-read my entries before I finish out a journal and let me tell you: post break-up me is a fucking party.
Argentina will win the World Cup!!!
Driving home is exactly what I want to do right now
Hope ya'll like my header photo...super attractive
i actually love to hear my mom nag my sister about stupid things
I love it when people are allowed to enter the queue in front of me, throwing off my perfectly imbalanced schedule.
Oh well I can assume why everyone leaves you eventually. Must be your charming personality.
thank you for all your effort. I really appreciate it. and especially thank you for giving me the time of day.
Writing a paper on capped damages and I like to give a hardy thanks to Bush for reforming the whole civil court system.
These games look fun and great, guys and gals! Yeah
i love it when people try to re-enter your life like they did absolutely nothing wrong!
Wow. These thunder showers are beautiful.
For did they have to put a no animals hurt disclaimer in the credits because of Rocket?
Maybe I like to drink because I like to drink.
Messing up is my favorite.
David luiz showing his true colours
Wow Pepe you've had a Hussey!!
: One of the many services that I offer.
I have to be up at 7am tomorrow for work.
Watched Dexter with Carson today. Aunt of the year award goes to me...
stupid and obnoxious guys like u.. wudnt understand my language.. its called u butthead!
Oh you hiked Crowders Mountain? Wow, that's an accomplishment. You must be a true outdoorsman.
I look like a freakin sexy beast right now.
Oh yeah, I would love to babysit your child!
It pays to be and ...perhaps this is why you're poor. -- a super good agent
Guess he feared losing her?
Sorry I'm all ranty. I've got a lot to rage about.
I think I've tweeted more in the last five minutes than I have in my lifetime
Another Honduran down in "pain", I'm shocked...
Just woke up from a nap, is it still an exciting game?
A week worth of 16 hr days and 5 hrs of sleep. And now I won't be home until 4 AM. Thanks I'm done with you.
T Y twitter for the notifications!
One shot &amp; millions of people die over 2 World Wars. Thank you, the guy that assassinated . Thank you so much!
it's pouring again!!
Day after having the flu is awful! Im so weak and tired...work should be fun
good thing our landlord is really good at getting back to us in a timely manner -_-
If that Frazier ball and left the park, it'd have been 8-0 , which would have been time for them.
I really love watching videos of people doing stupid stuff the morning after they go out partying.
You know it's good to have friends that will throw you under the bus to save them whenever they're in trouble.
There is a great need for font.
I feel like shit, my birthday is in 3 hours, let's party.
Phone is clutch and giving me access to the internet
I assume there's a cracking League3 in full of top B teams the way they walked this group
I hate that some people don't get my &amp; genuinely think I'm full of myself.
Dear , thanks for throwing my luggage on a later flight. Guess the hour+ layover wasn't enough time.
They played Pharrell's "Happy" at the end of graduation. I didn't see that one coming.
Matt Frattin! Nonis jumping in with both feet baby!
-If u'R having a bad day just remember some1 had a worse day
Wouldn't be a perfect summer unless my moms boyfriend flipped out at us for re arranging the living room/moved some of his stuff.
Yes teachers, keep giving us assignments and summatives right before our exams. That leaves us with so much time to study
Must remember next time I go out with staff to glass one in the back of the head
I just love when my parents come to the basement in the mornings and LEAVE THE LIGHT ON!...
Yeah soccer wooohooo lets go! Yeah, whats going on? Yeahh!!! Sports!
Thank you so much for all of your help in trying to help rectify the problem
Something gets posted in the newspaper and all of a sudden everyone knows everything!
Thanks, IRS. I really wanted to acquaint myself with tax law.
I was referring only to normal food...super foods are different and everyone knows this
Big surprise that is talking more about the Heat than the Spurs even though the Spurs just destroyed them
I love that my "friends" hangout with me
...And realizing they were all employees, planning to replace ALL STAFF.
I do love to hear stories about explosive shits before dinner.
nothing matters- just BUY- \ngonna walk away and see where these puts are by tomorrow-
I'm missing a GREAT game
Yet another train strike here in Belgium. That must be the only way they know to 'solve' a problem.
The pen is mightier than the sword; you just have to step really close to your target and use the sharp end.
Didn't see that coming...
i believe you LOL ;)
I can relate to Ren whenever I get mad I blast music, go to a abandoned factory, drink, dance, &amp;do flips.
Really love when people can't take responsibility for their own actions.
Being ignored. . I just love it!
I love thunderstorms
Me: "WiFi, Ice Cream and Lana Del Rey.
oh, didn't magically double in price today? better sell.
Thanks every gane i watched i didnt see the ending because of your break timing. Good one, whoevers idea it was needs a raise!
Pleased to know I have people who care about me yeah thanks,
You can buy this market now at $SPY $195.40. Go ahead.
That heat fan wasn't mad at all
What have you been reading, the Gospel According to St. Bastard?
Searching for a best friend who wants to be?
Bale has Sports Personality of the Year in the bag!
Always love to see that young man in action!
I love how often I get texts and calls...
We are best in mimicking
Yo could you show more Optic POV
All y'all's 4th of July Instagram post and snapchats are really different and exciting to watch. Keep em coming!
I honestly love siting home on a Saturday
Watching MLG Smash Melee games. Fox vs Fox is so exciting
I don't understand how people can take so many selfies.
Nice going Supreme Court.
Couldn't ask for any better weather to play soccer in!
Okay gets out of hand.
Men are too sensitive to and why? they can dish it but can't take it!
You don't want anyone to win but you? Great idea in the bb house, Devin!
I'm the kind of girl who 4gets herown Bday but can list 293847296572 trivia about her fav band member! :D
Bradley gave up the ball? Really? I didn't see that coming at all?
bitch, why dont you slip into something comfy , like a coma?
Switching from night shift to day shift is alway fun
Everybody's firework videos on snap chat look so unique and different
Bugger. I had a wager on 4-1..... did the Spanish defence come out the dressing room at half time?!
Wilifried Bonfire with the goal for the Ebony Coast
My family is so loud and obnoxious in public it's so great :-)
is such a lovely company...
Oh Mondays the best day of the week
I don't ever mess with anyone's car, I don't know why people do mine.
Haha, I finally caught that I've been typing \"Butterbeam\" over Butterbean. Sorry Butterbean, please don't come after me.
UGH!!! The are SO BORING!!!
So Jay Bruce is playing 1B for the first time since he was 17 tonight? Great move .
Wow totally didn't call that.
I don't know if you'd ever be able to tell me what my favorite color was by just looking at me
Good job on the Main Street penetang
yes, carbon monoxide detector, 5am is a PERFECT time to tell me you need your battery changed.
Phil Neville; a genuine 'hail fellow well met' style of commentary! ZZZzzzz.......
Min ripara mes cu tin wega awe
Wide awake. Good thing I don't have to be at work at 7am.
Glad I stayed awake to see Messi score the only goal in the World Cup so far! Even "Own Goal" has scored more than he has.
THOSE RACISTS BASTARDS!! when i go see my doctor, they have the balls to ask for my photo ID!!!
What a great finish to a test match. Thanks so much for allowing us to see it. Great stuff.
Where's Big Chuck &amp; Lil John...
John Calipari is soooooo hilarious.\n\n
can't wait to have a cwtchy night in and watch a few films to celebrate end of exams
Welp. Time to drink my sorrows away! This has the makings of a great dramady.
ya I love being a teenager getting to spend time with my friends and having fun!!!!
ooooh, jordan's boyfriend is filling in in this episode. yeah, this won't be awkward. poor tc
Thanks for remembering that I exiat yesterday and then forgetting again today. You're the greatest.
I love when im clipping Jordan's toenails and he farts in my face..
I love being asked my opinion everyday and then being told how wrong my opinion is
no rain in the forecast? greatttt
Well this is fucking great!!!
And who said winning the ultimate fighter is meaningless?
My favorite part about not sleeping in days is then having nightmares I can't wake up from.
Whenever I hear "Only God Knows Why," by Kid Rock it reminds of just how good of a singer he is
There's never a drama free day in our fandom. :) Ang sayaaaaa!
Perfect start to my day!!!!!!!
Forgot how England works. What's a roundabout?
In the least shocking news of the day... Thomas Vanek signs with Minnesota Wild. I'm shocked.
ImLeslieChow: You drink too much, swear too much and your morals are questionable. You're everything I've ever wanted in a friend."
6:40 am is too much. why not have it 5:00 am instead?
Now we move to the distilled water phase... good times. The weight cut is the best part of this sport
Today has been entirely too long. Can't wait to wake up tomorrow morning &amp; do it all again.
I believe have scored. Tell me more. .
Must make up for my by watching a slightly better movie, 500 Days of Summer. Just slightly better.
Wow Argentina and Messi are so sick, beating Iran, they're probably going to win the World Cup!
Dr. Oz is part of the problem when it comes to people and weight loss? I didn't see that coming............
Another perfect day for golf with
I guess he's never met John Lewis &amp; other CBCers. Different chambers and all.
I apologize for my live game tweets.
Zach LaVine looks so happy to be drafted by the Timberwolves
Ye guys exams are gonna be cancelled for sure ..
Way to go - giving us the "real news" like always.
yeah for more storms!!!
Can't believe the missed out on adding Carlos Pena to there youth movement , maybe they can sign Heath Bell
only shooting 70% from 3 in the first half. They are 7-10. By the way up 21.
Well won't I look fancy in the college uniform
I love the art in medical offices... so original! LOL
No yeah, it looks just dandy to the world that get priority over in .
left the boys house bc attitude. come home to more attitude.
Acting Halvorsen: "FY 2016 is going to be a 'fascinating' year"
I have to get a root canal! Yay!!!! And I have to get my wisdom teeth pulled!! D:
Thanks to the latest update, i can spend even longer on a post!
Thank you Howard for earning your pay check
Shout outs to exams
Para un roto una descocida.
Embiid looks thrilled to be a player....wow....
The amount of times I use the phrase "I'm over it" on a daily basis is absurd
They showed their ankles.
Plz don't end
I like when my friends ditch me to suck face
NOW WE GET TO THE REAL GAME ! CAN'T WAIT.
I don't know why people stand in line for when there is a a block away
But are they really "happy" for you?
I can't beleive just left the game, doesn't he know no great player is allowed to get hurt.....Ever!
My group is so incredibly talkative and friendly
As if any of us had any doubts.
Once I come home from Australia I think I'm going to be a drifter. Make sure your couch is Sydney size!
When people ask where you work at I say I'm in between gigs just to make them think I'm a bum and have no life. is great
Welp. Didn't call that one.
MT I'm glad they're bringing illegals to IL, no money problems in that state!!!
I'm so glad you were able to vacation down here recently! Thanks for saying hi!
Who would've thought the 1240 train was so horrible!
im so glad my family is full of "doctors"
that guy flopped...def not a concussion
I come in today and tell them the story and they said they can't do such a thing. Thanks for the great service
Thanks Verizon for the AMAZING $3 credit after 3 days without internet service because your tech support gave me bad advice
It wouldn't be the weekend after camp if I wasn't getting sick...
I love not having friends in St Louis
About to get ready for work
Welp due to the lack of media coverage, I'm assuming that CHA just gave us Powell and Haywood for free!\n
Annual archiving begins today. 3 hours of sleep last night. No reason this shouldn't be a blast. Right?
x x text it x x sass queen x x =D=D=D lol
THIS JUST IN: The American workplace just recovered an all time low in a matter of minutes...
Man the singer of The Killers got kicked off that one football team
You know you're when someone tags a friend in your post.
Love feeling like this on my day off.
barca to offer luis saurez an orgy frm russia!!!!!!
You know, you should really go get your MBA. It could prepare you for the real world, you know. When you get there.\n
Then everyone will be a rawang wanna-be
More gun control will make crime rates go down. Oh, yeah. Because we all know criminals follow the law.
I love first impressions!
Aftab Iqbal is such a literary man. He has very deep insight into urdu literature.
Thanks for quietly approving that pipeline
Thanks for severely screwing up the errands I was supposed to run tonight. I just love rearranging all of my plans!
What a great fucking day
People say everything happens for a reason.. so if ever i will punch you in the face, remember that i have a reason..
Thanks for the love
The joy of being in bed alone..
Maybe if they paid English footballers more money they'd play better?
Dead air? How odd.
I love my life
Boleh tak jangan nak kutuk baek dgn taeyeon? Tak boleh ke kita doakan kebahagian diorg haa? Tahu lah sedih aku pon sedih jugak
Ugh. My socks don't match. Guys, my life is so complicated.
What a great evening...
It's funny how the world romanticises biting people like Twilight and True Blood but do it in real life and you're a pariah
It's great being made to feel like a moron for caring about your job.
Well Miz got less reaction than Khali. Good sign
Apakkkkkkkkk arghhhhhh, serius bosannnnnnnnnnn -.- aktiviti ptg, lawan tgk dinding, sapa paling lama dia menang
People really know how to drive on the highway
Do you want to increase your Twitter mentions by, like, a lot? Bite another soccer player. "News" I wake up to.
I can't tell if USA won or not
Well that's exciting
Perfect end to today.
So any LeBron news lately?
Waiting everso patiently on to start that Jak II stream.
I should bot my followers so I can boost my self-esteem.
Thanks 501 driver for stopping in front of me and not opening the doors and then driving off, , i wanted to wait for the 57
Love having to wear pants to work on days like this...
Oh I just love people so much.
Thanks for the invite! Much appreciated!
S\/O to Mimi Faust tho.
World class punditry here from Rio.
Wants Capable of on .
As if the 's matters couldn't get worse, they lose summer league game by a KCP game-winning dagger
Thanks for giving me credit in your Loerie entry
S/O to whoever just prank called me. You got me good...
Yay....Twincest....just what the doctor ordered...
Getting up for work is brutal when you just want to cuddle
Awww!!! I just reached the unfollowing limit.... See yah, tomorrow....
SM finally show a sign of giving full support n promote to f(x) in their own way
Cant believe torres has been left out. So hes been struggling for form for 5 years or so. Doesnt mean hes finished does it!.
So i have strep throat
This is exactly how I wanted to spend my day
Okay let's just get this over with Tim. Because it's sooo hard to get a no hitter against our team anyways..
Oh My Gosh Who would have thought that Star Wars Episode VII would be shot in IMAX And don't forget about the 3D Conversion
Back to uni in September though.
Haven't managed to catch the news yet...what will Cavendish say to Gerrans when he gets a chance?
I literally was about to pee my pants the entire time I was watching the fireworks!!
Envelopes are not so nice....
holy crap the sox finally won a game
In other nations the will of the throne is law, oh wait, the white house is now quasi &amp; functioning authoritatively
.Wait, did David Price go to Vandy? OH MY GOD!
When anxiety manifests in physical symptoms you know you're in for fun...
Who wears yellow in the quarterfinal?
Hi .. Remember me? Super excited to follow you.. Your tweets are super interesting
Hour nap after another fun filled day. Now just relaxin to drakes top 20. Looking forward to a better day tomorrow or the next day
Yayyy to a delay in flight departure because of a tornado warning
That is great. 'Firework' is the perfect 4th of July song! (but I really do like the song!)
i can always count on you to make my mood get better
Yes. The number I was thinking of is the letter M.
Yay I love it when that happens. This night can't get any better.
is a great way to relieve stress and people.
What a night..
Getting lectured on how to drive after 4 years of driving with no tickets or car crashes... That makes perfect sense to me
Yay my whole instagram feed is filled with firework photos/videos
Gotta love school
Like no I didn't want to go see paramore or fall out boy &amp; I really didn't want to go to warped tour. \n
Well that wasn't awkward or anything.
\"So do you like this girl?\" No, we went on a date because I thought, \"She seems like a terrible human being. Let's go see a movie.\"
Oh how I love getting nearly $600 worth of bills in two days...
Soooy taaaaan raaaraaa
Coach: okay end practice with a 600 backstroke in seven minutes.
Unless you're gay. Those are conditions.
Great way to start the morning.
Love having no one to talk too..
This exam is going to go so well.
Great daii todaii
i just want to sit in a corner listening to slow down and cry all night but no I'm not that excited ahum
I just love not knowing what I want
Oh yeah, there's no way this game is rigged
Yesssss shoot off fireworks. Right now....
Wow did really just imply that the government was screwing the country?
Is there a soccer game going on right now?
Thx dream. Now I know what its like to get stabbed in the crotch with a sharp object.
OHHH CLEANTHONY EARLY! He's a beast!!
Great move Galliani! Signing Agazzi instead of Ochoa. Shows why Milan can always count on that genious
Bad () gambler
First application down, one more to go. I forgot how fun applying to school is.
Waking up coughing uncontrollably is just my favorite thing in the world.
Dammit you know doesn't make the moves for the M's he just reports them!
The Cold War is so interesting
NBA officials are fannnnnnntastic.
Apparently Dave's considering appointing Gary Glitter to look into the Westminster child abuse. Would not surprise me...
After a morning finishing up neuroscience it is on to neuro rehab and Peds. so excited to study my favs
go ham or go home or what?
Here let me put something amazing in front of you just to screw with you ! Why thank you!!
Going back to Berlin. Woohoo!
I just want to publicly say I absolutely hate 's 3rd new outro
KV M1, hari khamis ni ade kuiz sains ye. tolong dtg kelas ye.. buat kuiz. hari lain xnk dtg pun xpe janji masa kuiz dtg k uolsss !
AIN'T NOBODY CARES ABOUT YOU~ wonder why....
That was perfect timing
Wow that was so unpredictable!
Always fun spending Saturdays in room doing school work... Only one more month!
Deeply in shocked. A close friend can betrayed her own good friend. A true meaning of friendship
Hooray! ANOTHER new Dead island game announced!
I've been up since 2:30 this morning.. It's going to be a great day!!
I think ESPN needs to have more cell phone call ins - the choppy calls makes it fun
When you speak fluently, you can get away with much more when dealing with customers.
You know you're a real contry girl when you make a fb status about a rooster fighting and biting you
Hey, that sounds like my mom! parents are so wonderful, aren't they?
My favorite part of this week is the only day it's supposed to rain is the day I'm going to ...
Man the NBA really rigged this final...
Just love getting fussed at
Oh how I love going back to work on a Monday morning.
Well my grandpa Jett has spotted my tattoo and he loves it lol
The parenting skills of this man are, like, sooooo amazing
Jesus. This wasn't planned or anything.
\": During 30 minutes of sex, the average person burns about 200 calories.\" I'm confused..sex can last a whole 30 min!?!??
Soy tan fan de Villoro que pinte en mi barba algunas canas... Si, no?? O no?? por que todo lo toman literal ;)
After La Liga "Mourinho" is destroying EPL. Players from EPL have learned to bite.
Oh boy the exams best thing in life... I hate them and tomorrow is the continue of the English exam and science exam.
Shout out to my boss for not letting me call out, he wants me to get money
Yaaaay! Flyers fans chime in!! \nRT : at least he does not play grab ass with other dudes.
Yeaaah, the "If it doesn't scan, it's free" joke happens way more than you had ever imagined.
I'm really enjoying the massive spot on my face!
its ok Fox Sports Detroit...I didn't want to hear what Dan Petry has to say anyway
Some KatyCats are so rude.. Like wow Katy must be so proud of them
if you've never played kirby's epic yarn, you haven't lived.
Hoorah for OTY day!
Yay, cell phone shoping with !
Not talking solves problems.
Nothing I like more than doing yard work on my day off...
Another new trend ? How great.......
What an eventful day.
Love when people ignore me
maybe their money has something to with it???
The clincher. RT : I would've said no but now that I know he loves Hamptons/LI...
I love emailing professors trying to get into classes.
. thanks for closing my case without compensating me for my loss or maybe finding my mail!
Pepe a moment of madness......I'm shocked
Just in case you were wondering where the party is at, try the rooftop at BWW.
Wow cisne negro solo es interesante a partir de que a Portman se le va la pinza
Can we agree on a face ? Or has that been done &amp; I missed the memo?\n
Love when there's a tournament every GD weekend at my home course and I can't golf there. So awesome.
I would like to thank my daughter JessyKa for brining all this attention to my house
Lol great start to my birthday weekend
I like when "close" friends talk to me only when it's convenient for them. ;)
I love starting out the day at work with no Internet.
Big knock for C Dick! Welcome to cleveland bro
I love my family outings because they always turn into "how can we get Stephen to switch his major to computer science?"
Meanwhile in Cbus, nobody gives a shit (except for a select few). Who is lebron james anyways?
One piece bathing suits are so flattering
We discovered that our water heater is broken this morning. Needs to be replaced. !
Almost definatley going to fail my Afrikaans teat tomorrow but oh well yolo
\": People without twitter are lames. \" I bet they will be upset when they see this.....
Kenyang makan hati. Haha *not funny
Aww that's so cute.. She thinks my parents are cool enough to let me go tonight -.- lol \n
I just got some alcohol in my eye. On top of being blind,I'm throwing poison in my eyes. That's beyond great.
In other news, I'm watching Parks and Rec. What else would I be doing on a swanky vacation?
There is a song on tattoos called rest of out lives....I wonder what (aka who) that's about () *cough* jordin *cough*
Tim Howard sucks. Obviously
God I hate when girls ask you for dick pics on kik Its so fucking annoying Im not a object Im a human being Girls are such perverts
Ask direct and open-ended question.
Such a productive day
You're making a great impression btw
good thing i wasnt working tonight, clearly the match to watch.
Your BAE (before anyone else)
Oh yeah another apology. Just what I wanted to see &amp; what I was waiting for.
Lain kali jangan jadi guard, jadi panda..\n
What a lovely day for my day off!!
Gosh I just love having fuckin asthma
but do tell me "Pancho's Mexican buffet" has changed to REAL Mexican food
Oh how I LOVE arguing and fighting...
It was kind of hot today. Thank you Republicans, for global warming.
Dear LC,\nCould you be any more boring. Please. I'm begging you.
thanks for making this day so exciting.
I can already tell this is gonna be an awesome birthday\n
Fun fact, Germany's 5 goals actually ties the total amount of goals scored in this entire Mercy rule for Brazil?
Day 3 at construction at apartment across the hall includes jackhammering.
I wonder... How did the Universe survive all these years w\/out all these \"healing oils\" ppl are using?? Gosh.
Another awesome innings from
I'm so excited to write my foods exam tomorrow. yay. woo.
The reason the feeds are bombing so badly on their first Friday night is because Jeff stopped live tweeting them.
Working all fucking night. So happy.
Fevers are fantastically fun.
Thanks for the help, .
Really getting into it!!!!!!!!
More important than and other going on, is going - \n
I love being ignoring!
Thanks thanks alot.
That moment your phone replaces the time with the person you \"love\"
The other new girl just got fired from work.
I think I've been a bit hard on England tonight *sniggers* &amp;
It's gonna be a great day at work... I can just feel it!!!
Nothin better than throwin a baseball one day, then goin to throw the football the next...
I salute 's goalie.
I just love when both my closers pitch non-save situations on the same day.
loves women what a sad bunch of individuals. Lifetime appointments should be questioned
Ahh, this type of lovely weather again! Muahah...
K. Thanks. Good Talk.
Id love to see knock out tweet about gettin head and smokin weed some more
Ah, the \"new American\" compounding things with some stellar customer service. Kudos.
Just smashed my knee trying to move the telescope. What a good way to start my day.
4 month ban for Suarez. Nice one FIFA
Big day tomorrow. Laundry day and get to use the new dryer. So excited!!
Stop the presses!! A bad call went against LeBron. Oh the humanity!
Well I went Tesco with r hayley ha ha. Where did use go?
Whew!!! I was worried wasn't going to win that match.
Guy just asked for my number (hasn't happened to me in YEARS), naturally, he's a homeless guest.
I just love it when people constantly read my messages but never reply to me...
The Best Part Of Twitter Is Seeing The Tweets Of People Who Hate Their Lives.
Steven's the sort of all women seek. Bet he makes you all ....
guess what i found in my cereal box this morning..my amateur radio licence ... comments made on air about M6's or just me
I love it when people ignore me. It makes me feel so important.
CM Punk spotted having sex with AJ Lee. Return on tonight?
so happy my family is so loving
Looking at old facebook posts from like 2009..
I love when people spout off political opinions and have no clue what they're talking about.
Today's my court date for the accident I was in a while back
Quick, everybody blame LeBron! It was clearly all his fault the Spurs couldn't miss tonight! Because, it's always LeBron's fault...
Wow what a surprise! Didn't expect Sarah to come back in!
Nice to see Fellaini repeating his stellar man u form for Belgium
Summer is going to be fun...
Oh sweetie I'm sorry here let me stop drinking and being lesbian for you.. Then ill be able to be a perfect Christian like you
super glad I was apart of it.
Starter at the 17, ok you the greatest
wow, didn't expect that
Probably the best part about having blood work done is the fact that I have to go survival mode for the next 12 hours with no food
And just so you all know.. I'm REALLY bothered about the football too...
me, I say I am an but I truly and practically follow the of krishna
Hahahaha I'm supposed to be up in 3 hours and I still haven't slept. This is gonna be awesome.
Who are we to tell cheese makers they need to make safe cheese anyway. What nerve.
I can't wait to go to work today!!
\"Teacher ask the class to open the page 69\"\nAnd i'm like 'sex sex sex sex'\nwhile my classmates will put a blur face\n\n
Maybe if I just listen to One Direction and admire pictures of , I can forget about him... I just love being lead on:)
Lol!!! RT : ang alam konsi Mang Edwin ang bulag diba? Si Matthew din pala??
and yes, the exam phase starts again!!
When a job application asks you to give your \"salary requirements for this position\".. Wtf, err, 3mil a year please!
WHERE are all the runner jobs?
Really loving how concerned my bestfriend is right now.....
Messi can't take a corner kick like Rooney can though!
This is great...
How to quietly avoid someone when you really don't want to hangout with them... w\/ Samuel S Prater
im trying to break 100 so whos gonna help me?
Why dont Repubs investigate/expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting global warming hoax?
Wilson or Rodgers? yeah that's a real toughie I got to think about that one
Stuck in an unmoving bus because the doors won't bloody close. Yay.
Also can you not use "#" bc it looks like a waffle and I have no self-control when it comes to looking at food.
Im so happy that I got to see while she's in Jamaica......
guys caught me. I run just Andre things.
All I do is , may be its a , but I talk, that feel, makes me look .
At least congress today realized that India is battling with inflation
Why can blokes not also get support when buying shoes? Women don't know how lucky they are!
Any chance of seeing a replay of that Cahill goal somewhere on twitter??
Nicole is really good at texting
Will someone post a photo of the ring around the sun?
So Gerard fucks up liverpool a title chances and now England's World Cup... But he's still the best player ever!
Hooray for no power!!
No wifi for an hour? Holy shit where do I sign up?
I'd sure love to know what Justin Verlander thinks about all those fans bailing
Oh how I've missed the hair color drama
It's my birthday but where is my family at...? Thanks for leaving me to be alone.
yes! MT Yup! I like using a hash tag, like , so ppl don't take things the "wrong" way.
Dzisiaj pracuje od 16-21 a jutro od 8-21 No weekend idealny
Happy Will Smith Day yall!
So freaking glad I'm home.
When you try and it doesn't matter anyways. That's the best.
I guess this world cup thing is a big deal.
So excited to work tomorrow!
me ? why me ? am just sitting here, watchin you with my socks on and eat a slice of pizza why you pop out ma name ? - da Boss
-- yeah u earned your holiday mate!
Wow, can't believe is back. This is gonna be awesome!
Absolutely love people that steal my phone charger
It's a holiday. It's Friday. And I get to work.
Maybe the Government should own, run all business that way everyone can be happy, Utopia can be realised and it is Heaven on earth
I'm glad Nicki explained things to me because I was confused.
8 days before school starts. Oh how I miss school life
AND should have switched to longer studs on their boots at halftime...none of them can seem to stay on their feet
they seemed like lovely ppl!
then i will ripped like Parafat!
It's just women, after all. It's not like the religious objection has to do with important people.
Wow. Great new today.
At graduation ceremony. In for such a treat.
Success of tells how farsighted our educated (or uneducated) and intelligent (or illiterate) our think tank tank are ?
I have a 5k coming up in less than a month and my training for tonight consisted of getting wings.
If a girl tells you- ARE RIGHT.\nMostly that called .
Cool, life is fucking fantastic.
Listening to my brothers sleep farting, how entertaining...
Love football me... Couldn't think of anything better to do with my time!
Hi, I'm suddenly having an allergic reaction to something that I DO NOT KNOW WHAT IT IS, WOO!
2 accidents on 435 on the way home... Yay I love sitting in traffic!
Jeez, didn't that make me feel special.
My summer so far: working, a lack of sleep, and eating soo unheathy
\"You messed the whole conversation up and now idk what to do\" I'm really easy to talk to
Wow and . Great coverage of the in DC
Sims 4: Toddler Expansion
The joys of car shopping
I had a dream about eating bread. Tell you what guys, there's a lot of creative juices flowing in my head rn.
Well done England!
I like when I set my alarm to wake me up by a certain time, and NOT TURN ON the alarm. Rushing is my favorite time of the day.
Oh it's all going so well now
LeBron opted out?
Obama is sending 275 troops back into Iraq almost 3 years after we pulled everyone out. Great job, Mr. President.
Work all day long then come home to a huge pile of warm cat puke. My life is so awesome.
You sure made this a piece of cake, asshole.
Well. Time to watch LeCramp James and the Snores play tonight. Whoopie.
I love how this fan is simply circulating the hot air in my room
Yay. RT Also on tap this week, possible severe storms. Keep devices charged and have a plan in case the power goes out
I love how awkward I am
*I mean wow - that many!? :O
wow..saran yang sangat inovatif &amp; membantu..!! buakakka RT Tips membersihkan piring : cuci, keringkan, pecahkan
So excited to hike in the Negev for four days without showering
Because Gomez and Mallette are so alike
So glad that they pushed dickey back... And sent Delebar back down for this..
Storm..... real surprise
It's probably my fault, shouldn't have mentioned and his .
Miami fans are hella supportive guys
Security guards are soooooooo intimidating
Just the night to be heading to a pub where the focus is on the beer garden!
I just watched Game of thrones 4season finale and I can't believe I have to wait 1year for the next season. I'm in a Great mood
Going to get my nails done and spend my husbands $$$$$.
Team meeting tomorrow..can't wait
Lol love being alone on the 4th of July!
I have TOO MANY friends
Aw I lost a follower....NAWWW.
Guess things aren't working out for the Mountain. Such a shame.
Clean my car, heat up left overs and finish ?? Sure.
I mean working with what we got.
I got a real treat today...I got to ride in Old Rusty!
Just a head up, there is a Sharknado 2 coming out! Get pumped!
Good luck to the lads of the today in Brazil. No pressure, it's not like many people will be watching.
Citizen: 'You're so serious on tv?' Me: 'Well, I guess I could laugh hysterically during an interview about robbery' Silence.
What a weekend
is the most intelligent of the zodiac signs. That is right, I am smarter than you. Well, smarter or more
Devin has a daughter?
First day :) such fun ;)
Best freaking start to this US trip
Rick Stone favourite for the Newcastle Knights coaching job apparently. Well, you could knock me over with a grand piano
Great. So now Tsonga is running on fumes for Wimbledon.
I'm happy you can't take the time out of your day to text me
.um, er yes b\/c we all know LSH was neither \"dramatic\" or \"exciting\"....... ? :(
oh no it's fine i love arguments \/ discussions at 3am, it's what i stay awake for
Sooooo, anyone know which county the is starting in? Don't think it's been publicised enough.
Maybe we might start a war with Portugal if we lose this match.
now I understand why nobody fav me when I tweet \"goodnight\" LOL\n
Yea that's sooo hilarious....
Fred coming off for Jo...don't get much more Brazilian than that...
Love the texts my Seester sends me.
Lebron to the cavs? Good thing I've always been a cavs fan. Just secretly though. Now I'm their biggest fan.
This divas tag match doesn't make me want to shoot myself in the face. No. Really.
All of Hickory Hills lost power. Your doing a fine job
I'm going to have to guess on my own at a celebrity's shoe size. *le sigh* This will be fun!\n
We've been to both major big box stores today on the . We are fantastic americans.
Danny's stepped up his gear!
That awesome feeling that you don't belong anywhere.
Another wonderful start to this work week! So excited.
Thanks for only offering three 4000 level History courses. Super awesome.
Just got to San Diego w/ Think we're the only two here from Arizona.
And I'm a journalist who can't spell
Obvious ways to my heart; being an ass
John Wayne Murdoch just got pinned... what a shame.
PLEASE keep talking about yourself. I'm so intrigued.
You are a true piece of work....
Woah. I feel so appreciated.
8am crew really showing the dedication today
Aw feel so loved
This *insert tweet here* is an awesome tweet!
You're too sweet.
In exactly one week I'll be 20....I cant post on cutest teens page anymore D':
I hate it when people misspell easy words. I think that their doing it just two annoy me.
Apparently Lee Hendrie and Kevin Muscat are due for medicals this afternoon....
3 years old on Twitter today... Where has the time gone!? Still remember my first tweet!
The team name offends all the Pirates out there. Name should be changed.
Laying in bed watching Hannah Montana. How could my night get any better?
Homework, packing, and studying all day.
Wait...Ronaldo scored another goal in a meaningless game\/result? I'm stunned!
Nothing better than talking utter trash about someone on Twitter
I can't wait to fly to Tuscany on a Friday the 13th!
Yeah no it's fair the Reds announcers get to call this national game. No biased here.
Train delayed again. Where's Mussolini when you need him? Express Cafe is open though, yippee ().
My life gets better n better every single day..
In Pakistan you can buy a whole road just by giving an indicator!
15 followers = skilled.
Just did the most elegant fall ever. I mean, it was so elegant that it made Lady Di look like a chav.
Ok I calmed down
I want a botlyfriend that's like Facebook famous with swag
If People Don't Want , Then Why Ask A Stupid Question?
The WinRT CurrencyFormatter doesn't take a decimal value, only double. Because who would want to store financial info in a decimal?
Yes, you hollering from a car window is going to make me want you. How did you know?!
Gee. Thanks for taking him to get moooore beer. That'll make him soooooo tolerable.
The pacers make a great move trading Leonard for George hill !
If the have to change their name then Cracker Barrel must change their offensive\/racist name immediately...I demand it!
So Cameroon have sorted out their bonuses and are on route to the WC, I mean imagine giving them 61k as a bonus, not nearly enough
So the redneck from Big Brother is a racist homophobe - who could have ever guessed
It's nice to see that is making fans &amp; teams travel through flooded streets in Recife for this match.
I hope in the pregame meeting someone told the US that ties and losses finally won't help them.
Hanging more posters up. Bc that's EXACTLY what I need. More posters.
I fly at &gt;=2x wk thro' Arrivals is disorganised &amp; inefficient. It's not like planes arrive unexpectedly is it?
It's exactly what I want
Server said \"if you need me I'm Chris.\"\nI replied \"if I don't need you are you still Chris?\"
Yay! Phil Coke is warming up!
Can't wait to work on the 4th of July omgz
Faxival is buzzing
I love sitting at home on a Saturday night.
Feeling so special.
Wow I can't wait for all the AP's I'm taking next year
Oh darn! I wish I had boobs to practically hang out of my shirt when I take pictures and put them all over social media!
Wait, that was
(( *dying over on * Love my
Me: Oh gee I thought I would just walk on Steve while he installs the new floor.
you know your gets out of control when everybody in your driving school thinks you're the most stupid person in the world
Working at ingles was the best decision I've ever made.....
Thanks for showing that you care at least a tiny bit
Alright it's 8 - 0. Cue the comeback
Nice to see the french have lined the streets for
Counting down to World Cup 2018! It's been a great World Cup boys! You should be proud
Oh Monday. You're hilarious.
Stellar start to the World Cup for Madrid's back 4. Marcelo: OG, Ramos: Torched, Pepe: Red Card. Well played, gents.
CNBC needs more crap on its screen.
I can't wait for Eric Hosmer to bat again.... how about my rant today?
.asked me yesterday if my were . And it's like he didn't know my life was .
Love when I get a zit on my face so big that it needs it's own zip code
This sound is unacceptable considering the amount of money I am paying for this free to air coverage.
When McDonald's says \"Welcome back\" it makes me feel soooo good....
Shout out to my 2 co-workers today that let me sleep 25 minutes past the end of our break. And who left me sleeping in the shop.
Judge Barbara Houser at on the SupCt Bellingham decision - \"You could have knocked me over with a feather\"
6km on a treadmill the joys of it I wonder if I am ready for a 18km I am nearing training program
I love being in so much internal pain I can't sleep even doped up on pain killers.
Yeah, the heat's going to bother us.
I had to take baby Luke to school.. So i was awoken at 6:30. Only 3 hours before my alarm.. Yassss.
Sneak around, lie. Great idea
What a summer this has been already haha
Well tonight was fun I guess
I always thought I was the most person alive, then I looked in the mirror and had a stare down with my competition.
So it's okay for my boss to "work" from home tomorrow, but I can't take the day cuz I'm sick. That's fair.
Gchq have new powers to read our emails now they will know I only remember there birthday because of theFacebook reminders
Can you please open your legs some more?
I love when you get bit on the forehead by a mosquito &amp; it looks like a pimple
.oh look another moron who doesn't know me or my sense of humor.
Amo la simpleza de la gente.
Today should be fun..
Sorting cattle today was so much fun in the mud today
My favorite type of people are the ones that stay past closing at the gym I work at
Finally I get to go to bed...but I'll be up in a few! \m/
Hannah bailed No way
Holland not playing to ability ?? Shocking !!!!
Totally makes sense to have a clay court tournament after the clay and grass court seasons are over.
They seriously scheduled byelections on the Monday when Canada Day is the next day?!? Seems like a great way to get voting #'s up
My Instagram feed was super exciting today. I love looking at elderly men.
Glad to see the Bible is making a comeback in Cleveland.
Switzerland has asked Indian authority to get swiss bank holder details from ARVIND kejriwal.
You know what the city needs.....more election signs.
Seriously only and call me Brittanica even though I'm just like.. .
Can't thank enough
You know you've been a GREAT fucking friend.
Weyh..result hg cmna? Aku besa2 ja.Alaa..hg tep2 sem besa.bila bukak sem hg paling tiptop.
Today is shaping up to be awesome...
but he's a waste of money and stealing a living
Oh good. Another downpour.
ps: I'm totally being .
I can tweet and post pictures, but can't text back..never could multi task
A million tiny children have boarded my train
Only 2 more hours until I'm in Atlanta. Yay!
Everyone tip your cap to Kyle Gibson, pitching phenom and the vaunted bullpen for the Twins. They were so awesome.
That was classy Mama Joyce
who is this guy named Dempsey?
It's super awesome how finds the most anorexic models possible -_-
Love how this always happens
Nobody's on my train today.
Germany have peaked too early !!!
The awesome moment when the London airport sends your luggage to another country...
He's creeping on their conversation, oh there's nothing suspicious about that!
Can't wait for all these snapchats of fireworks
I feel bad for all the people who have to take summer school for math
I'm so excited for this MRI
Can't believe USA advanced from the Group of Death after Klinssman ruined their morale by being honest in that pre-Cup presser.
And I was looking forward to Costa Rica v Greece... Why?
Learn and instead of being
Teacher: Stop the Rutherford. Its the lowest form of wit.
VALENCIA SHOULD BE BANNED FROM FOOTBALL!! WHAT A DISGRACE HE IS TO HIS CLUB!!
I have such great friends it's insane.
Studying GRE vocab at work because I love my life.
Nooo. I don't have to get up again in about 6 and a half hours. And there's also no test tmr.
My legs are itchy and I have a huge bruise on my shin grad pics are going to be awesome
Good thing my alarm went off
This is the fastest moving FA Period ever!
Got to love updates on the situation with trains
Welp now can get back to its 24 hour Lebron coverage. I was getting used to only 16 hours of that a day
Apparently I'm addicted to twitter... I strongly disagree I'm just on it 24\/7... Not long at all
Today's turning out to be an awesome fucking day!
NBA Champs! lol
She wasn't a bitch still love her but shit aint the same plus the beef gotta nigga paranoid
Phone is uncharacteristically dry.
why bother watching sports when you can hear all about it on twitter...
I'm seriously winging this Religion exam tmrw!
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go,
So the government can't mandate religion, but now your employer can make sure your medical care follows theirs. Neat.
Just spoke to an absolutely delightful Sophia at - full of enthusiasm and sounded so friendly
It's probably coincidence that girls who date druggies, in turn begin to look like druggies
Wow, the bags under my eyes look particularly attractive today
Sure, body, July is the perfect time to get a sinus infection for no reason
Can't wait to get bitched out on this ride home
Having fun with rehab tho
Damnit, dad got flashburn in his eye so the doc told him he can't weld for a few days. Lucky me.
Thanks for the advice. I really appreciate it.
I feel much better now that grilli is coming in
Tonight is my 15-yr high school reunion. Class of '99! F*%k I'm old!
Life; Wait a second.
rubbin Neosporin all over my body, thank you mosquitos
It's going well
Don't worry about rushing home if you have the chance .....
Sleep for 5 mins, awake for 10. Yay so much fun . So in need of rest right now please!
Help! Somebody please tell me if tonight is the NBA draft! I'm not seeing any tweets about it!! !
What a summer to have right before being kicked out into the real world
I don't like .. I'm not like the rest of the world, but he'll make a great 6th man behind Singler. JK.. Relax.
I'm glad the spurs won and everything. It would be a shame to waste all that confetti. Can we be done with it now?
It's amazing that I managed to have a kid and work. I mean, I don't know how I did it without the Govt forcing my company's hand.
I absolutely love when our calls get cancelled
Museum today, because I need to educate my uncultured swine.
i love it when guys are douchebags its great! :) \n
And my phone is soo slow!
Well then, well done England, well done
That wasn't weird at all ..
A Tor server admin is targeted by the NSA! Wow, who would have thought?
When people ask stupid questions, I feel obligated to give answers :3
Post one more picture of the sky. I bet yours is so much better than the rest of the earths populations so far.
Chevrolet sponsor on the United shirt. Great times.
Where can I get a building permit to build a giant freakin wall around me at work?
Worlds greatest role model goes to you for being the biggest self centered ruler of a house
I love when I use the bathroom, stand up and my butt is wet. Living with 3 men who can't seem to make it in the toilet is awesome
I just love it when my family keeps things from me! Great news guys,thanks!
Car smells gross thanks for rolling down the windows a little to avoid this
I see all of you \"soccer fans\" are enjoying the match this morning.\n
When did we become enemies? When I stopped talking to you? :)
Beyond excited to eat this half a bowl of two day old leftovers for dinner.
What other parents fake enthusiasm when their baby plays the same song on their toys? "That's neat!" "Yay!"
Dont think we've all seen the Suarez goal enough, I hope they play it again
My TL: David Wright gets a hit.
Yay exam and school is done now comes a long lonely summer just what I always wanted !!!!
Oh the joys of the morning commute when there's roadworks on the A483!
When I call Mother and she puts me on speaker without telling me and I end up talking to my whole family, I really love them more.
Good job again ! at its best.
Went and hung out with my ex's best friend last night. Kinda glad to hear he approves of his new girl just as much as I do. Lol
lol getting poutine.. so American
An Aquarius speaks fluently
Mo Williams opted out..... Oh no.
You would have never known taste of country was yesterday...
Well that wasent at all.!
Best Father's Day present; \"you're dad is in the hospital with a collapsed lung\"\n
That awkward moment when you give someone you adore your attention..... then he\/she avoids it like a manual.\n\nREALLY AWESOME\n
I love and that my sense of humour works on SO many levels...
Humanity is just OUTSTANDING !
removed, this is factual RT : Good old . Most boring match so far.
It shows a lot that his in ur heart, .
For all you ITK'S i bet you didnt no luke chadwick as resigned for the club and is to be made captain.....
Totally makes sense RT : so...no press at a press conference makes it a conference?
well isn't this amazing
Around how many tweets must I write before the generic paranoid tweet about someone.
What a beautiful day to be inside
Yeah, I'm a big fan of nothing loading at all.
Sad is over but cheered right up when I thought of how good the show must be that Fox's putting on in its place!
Yes thank you ticket master for the email reminder of concert on wed, how ever did I forget that! -.- !
For a girl who is born in a Tamil family, I must make my parents so proud every time they look at my report card.
It's the time we have to know how much everyones Twitter is worth.. *Sigh*
Just love when people let their true colors shine
for a chance to a and then......"...where is my car?"
Yay, get to see half of Portage at the Nativity Fest tonight.
0-3 without John Buck, no doubt that with him we go 3-0 or 2-1 in those games.
Now aload of pages are following me ;o woo
Kesian kj, dlam byk2 bnda baik yg dibuat, lagha tengok bola pulakk yg orang pandang..simpati pada beliau
Its nice to know I pay over $200 a month to Cox to watch movies like Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls on HBO.
Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great!
MoneyMayweather, Gronk, Biebs, ....
Real cause of death is She was not wearing "Trivortex bangles" promoted by Tharoor &amp; JIndal.
I drink 3 times a year and holy shit I'm on the verge of becoming an alcoholic
Midnight carwash work...I love my job
Glad I can sleep through this thunderstorm!
lana del rey smoking on stage at glasto- sooo cool
\/ has made health care for my family \"Not so-Affordable\" anymore. GREAT JOB GUYS!
Great News! Rangers have the worst record in baseball.
Shout out to all those great drivers out there on the roads right now. Ha
I'm so, so, SO very glad that we've all finally got Kotaku's approval to but a Wii U.
I agree: decision was bunk! And my gas &amp; oil changes should be covered by insurance too!
i've got "head and shoulders, knees and toes..." stuck in my head. thanks
This feeling is so great...
Sahar... and I'm still awake.. yay oh the joy of not sleeping :D
Finally got the damn computer back
akhirnya Kuroshitsuji Movie dah kuar...just nak tggu subs jer..rse2 bp bulan bru ad??
Oh gawd, I've got a 5am alarm call tomorrow and a 6am train - I'm SO looking forward to it!
Thanks Hoss for waking me up at 4 in the morning. Much appreciated.
It's Friday in hickory everyone :)
and what a bloody conflict!
You know nothing, Jon Snow. Why? He looks intelligent to me.
I REALLY REALLY LOVE CHICSER SPECIALLY RANZ
A TON of riders. Two buses, but only one is in service. Good job CTA
week 1 of classes completed, 4 more glorious weeks to go
This week just gets better and better.
I abhor everyone.
Oh yes, please reroute my whole morning commute and make me late for work today
Maybe we need that moat of alligators after all
Actually people don't change
Last half of the 5th day in a row... I can see the light guys...
Another glorious day at work
I just love doing other people's work.
It's Friday oooh ahhh turn up
When your family members get back from vacation and are nonstop talking about it
I too would rather be orange than feed and clothe my children.
Yeah, I go up, down escalators. I guess you could say I'm a badass.
Wow Jason Spezza must really wanna win for his desire to be in Dallas
Leave he can only answer so many people
This first week of summer was so freaking fun
Sooooo prepared for tomorrow
Sure do like all my groomsmen, tganks guys for the awesome bachelor party
It's a good thing I'm super buff. Otherwise pulling those tree branches to the woods by myself would have been hard
I couldn't think of a better way to start off the day
Think I'm gonna work on a self-portrait today or tomorrow. Haven't exalted myself as the golden god I am lately
CONCACAF representing. This mean the US knocks off Portugal Sunday?
I can't believe Colombia lost!! Did you not see what they did to Greece!?
Wanted just came on the radio, and I had flashbacks to and I doing a cover of it in perfect harmony
Annnnd our flight is cancelled and we are stuck in La Paz with few signs of getting to the amazon basin. Good. Bolivia
Thanks, Discover! I can get a bonus $75 Cashback. All I have to do is spend $500 a month until November! Totally worth it!
i love when people submit 15 separate issues in one help desk request.
Congratulations to Mississippi for re-electing for the 8th time the Senator who has helped keep you 50th out of 50! Way to go!
this guy was wearing a \" comment loading\" shirt &amp; I wanted to be like \"I love your shirt! Where'd you get it?\"
Wow it feels great to be up this early...
Is anyone at the Luke Bryan concert tonight?
Grande jogo, que intensidade!
So, I have a doctor's appointment during the Microsoft conference tomorrow. I am SO upset that I'll have to miss it, believe me.
Shock-horror! RT : Liverpool release statement saying Luis Suarez is to leave the club for Barcelona. More soon
wow. i'm just so excited to take a math placement test tomorrow morning! how else should i be starting the first day of summer?
To the kid that hit me with a bat in the back last night thank you.
No Footie tonight, what will I do?!
Just love being the older sibling
Back to work. Glad my coworkers saved all the bullshit for me. It would have been a shame not to have to deal with all of it.
I am not sure how to interrupt my personality today. I think I will take some Facebook and BuzzFeed quizzes to define me.
More kids have died in hot car than from .. we need and to stop this.
Now everyone flip shit because it's such a big deal
Bleeding THROUGH Band-Aids is always fun, especially when you don't know it's happening.
So that's the reason. Loving all the women means being incapable to pick one, once in a while. Poor lad.
Thanks for caring about me.
is out in major cities across the USA. REALLY looking forward to their merger w/
Lovely Wednesday night starting P11ds, can't wait to spend some of my weekend on them....
Really impressed by the eloquence of members sticking up for Rob Ford in his brave battles vs
Pepe a red card? What a shocker
Yaaaaaaay my summer could NOT have started off any better :))))))))))))))))))))))
Someone needs to tell Rihanna that she's not going to go very far in life unless she learns to be more humble.
Hope the pals get good weather at Glasto.
RT : Hurray, nothing proves the best team after a gazillion minutes of futbol than a penalty shootout
My has confirmed that I'm allergic to stupidity, is that I break out in . avoid 90% of the
The more I watch and obsess with Friends, the more I see why I was given Chandler on twin reveal
Im such the male species get more and more immature as they get older.
People who use , they just made my list.
1-7 in alliance PVP today. Lost 7 in a row. Yeah this is so much fun.
CITY ruining football since 2008\nUtd just ruin football
Nothing better than the washing machine breaking while you're using it
Yeah what would the folks who fought the war know about foreign policy anyway?
CLEANING TIME! SO EXCITED!!!!!
Thank you E news for spoiling Miss USA
Drove past my girlfriend's house to find her ex's car in her driveway...
Megan Lee - 8dayz. There seven days in a whole week but if I had an 8th day, I would be with you~ 8th day will never come
its nice to come home from came your sister is mad at awesome right
What a day for a bbq!
Gas going up around to $1.439\/L. What a coincidence that a long weekend is coming up.
fangirling while doing a load of assignments
Just involuntarily threw my phone because a bug landed on my hand. Having an exaggerated startle response is awesome!
Lol it's okay guys it's just like school but more fun
Oh No! They swore on Live TV!
I'd like to thank The Lord for granting me with the glorious privilege of mowing my lawn on this cool day!
Cardio time super excited
I'd really just like to thank Pres. Bush one more time for the ever lasting legacy of Samuel Alito.
Dolphins lose a center and add a guard. Alright Miami!
I'd like 2 take a moment n thank ma haters, your negative energy is wat keeps me going.
David Luiz. The goal couldn't have gone to a nicer guy.
There's nothing I love more than sweating
I am in the BEST mood today.
thanks for deleting my user id from my account. Great customer service.
I wonder where I get my roadrage from...
I give the best advice
Get to do one of my favorite things today, an Airport run :|
My death will probably be caused by being at the wrong time...
Happy Fathers day to all dads out there!Especially my father and grandfathers.Thanks for teaching me more than I'll ever know.haha
Its real funny getting told what I can or cannot do with my own stuff. some people need to shut up . Moving out time
Sooo you haven't even started the very first round and you only have 8,000 bucks left. Genius move. Great plan.
Do you mind being more mindful?!
I just tell everyone my Girlfriend is My Earphones - Music is my Mrs.... Unless You wanna Kick It?
COD and cars oh xbox you know me so well ...
Love that all my friends want to hang out with me on the most important day of my life....
MTV has a new show called Virgin Territory. Sounds interesting
oh yay.. the \"lets go tigers\" girl is back.
I love waking up to a bunch of snap chats of my little brother drinking..
Loving my knew phone setup.
So apparently Cheryl nearly had a breakdown when she was fired from US X factor. Must have been awful for her.
I like how ppl who barely know me , judge me.
And someone nearly ran over Jasmin on her way to work this morning. We're both in really high spirits.
Yes, he should just sing and look pretty and never express his opinions. GTFO &gt;8|
Well, that was a horrible workout. No time to sit back and reflect either, work at 2.
Is the human race unable to be concerned with two things at once? Apparently not (see last retweet)
I didn't go to camp but I'm totally fine
Awesome, another beautiful day!
So apparently I lost my internet again, so it appears that whenever there's bad news in soshi, I just lose my internet. Great ._.
Love those nights of getting off work after 10pm to be back at 8am the next day.
I have a tendancy of not trusting 'holier than thous',so you gotta be abit
I wonder if they were high capacity magazines. .
Train cancelled going to work this morning and the cancelled going home. Thank you for making my day perfect
Oh how I love being referred to as \"the spiky haired guy\"
Nice try with the high notes
Boom panes. Ang saya naman.
I love everyone's Kevin Hart impersonation.
Thanks for replying
I'm so glad I can feel my arms and legs right now...
Man Zimmerman's adjustment to LF has been REALLY rough hasn't it?!?!
I'm glad the game is flowing so well....
Storms are the best at night.. It's so easy to fall asleep to the insanely loud thunder!
Stellar customer service in this city.
Glad I stayed up to watch the football tonight.
Going to have my first experience of watching the world cup tonight...are you jealous that you do not get this thrill ever again?
Why did I get to the doctor early today? I must enjoy waiting
Got t-boned in a parking lot today. Happy early birthday to me...
Gosh I love looking at pop up ads while trying to pull up the emergency weather alert on my phone WISH tv app
\": Hope all you girls have your boob pasties and Molly ready for EDC this weekend. \" haha
because we all know a woman's worth is determined by how much flesh she exposes
Iosono tipo:'Io,a? Mai. '
So glad I asked the pharmacist for advice about my son today.
Go Brazil, you can do it!
An easy call. JRM owns Kentucky.
thanks for cutting the lawn ty you're the man
Reality? That's where the pizza delivery guy comes from!
It's awesome for the to finally have competition in the Central.
England still the only team to take points off Costa Rica this tournament.
goalie in the league right there
Isn't the guy going "confirm goal" or "confirm behind" a riveting person to listen to
Thank you for updating me on 4 people favoriting a tweet that isn't mine!
Such a fun day!
Geometry, the process: geomeTry- geomeCry- geomeWhy- geomeBye- geomeDie.
Where is PETA when these poor chickens need them?
that's \"\" by the way
Al menos podemos decir que no volvimos a la racha de salir eliminados antes de cuartos
Waking up to I love you texts... First thought: He must've been drunk or high.
Maybe all you loons should think that its 5pm Vegas time...Maybe happening on Vegas 7pm...
At least ill be home from work for Japan vs greece
Dr tukimat ni boleh tahan malas mcm aku. Nak translate abstrak ke dalam bahasa pun malas alasan xde masa haha pastu suruh deb
Think any pitchers will make the All-Star team?
I see the US nat. Rugby starting 15 has gotten smaller
Uh oh. just had a Christian reference! Guess that balances out the lesbian sailor...
only 41% of Pales want to launch an "intifada" against . Gotta love that peace.
Cody needs to win so that he can show how big of a threat he is.
I guess the wknd wasn't so bad, I only didn't know where I was when I woke up 1 day
I loved the food my family left me, truly great...
Back at work. Good times.
Chicoss..!! Esto esta chequeado !? Tratando de dormir y de fondo ruidos semejantes a un Ronquido, sos voz !? Naa !!
I love when I'm expecting an email and my school email decides to not work
Great Idea would save me a lot of money,
Quiet night in Wisconsin, isn't it?
Hey , thanks for making it SO easy to get training camp tickets!
can't believe physics would be easy! hahahahahahahahahha optimistic bahalag galisod :)
You like pissing me off, yet you keep on complaining about the results of your action.. Splendid job Baby! Talino mo rin noh? XD
I love people who don't text back
Watching Candidly Nicole, why did I just find out about this?! laughing so hard I'm gonna puke hahahahaha!
I can see that thank you
Well that was close!!
Going to hike this crazy mountain. I don't know if you ever heard of it, breakneck? I never heard any one who's done it before
I'm so glad I left behind the drama of MKE pagan community and got involved in the LGBT Community.
Btw thanks for being an amazing role model to all the young kid that like to see the "flash" play. You're the best
I absolutely love being betrayed...... -.-"
Can't wait for parent teacher interviews :D
Pues nada , en estos momentos amo a la profesora de calculo si o no ?
A Germany v Argentina final? Oh goodie. By far my two favourite countries
Reading the responses to this made me feel great!
I really love it when rich, old, white men make decisions about my female reproductive rights. They really get me.
Computer has the blue screen of death... Can't feed my Netflix addiction late into the night
It's okay Grady's coming.
Oh, I'm Sorry.... Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
is here and as a proud American I don't care.
48 hours w\/o Woodward signing anybody. I'm losing faith in him.
It's raining outside... We need rain so much! Almost ran out of water... Nobody is talking about, Who cares?
Are people mocking Neymar's for flopping or are they actually complimmenting his futbol skills? ?
Oh how specail you make me feel...\n
Damn. Destroyed another pair of drumsticks. Arghs. -.-
Yesterdays closed down. I think I'm going to cry.
Ds thanx 4 removin . Nw it'll become easier 2 weed off extremists!
I smell fantastic right now
Never realized I'm a fan of inspirational tweets till I look at my TL
Nice one referees. :) Nice game for you.
Guess I'll hang out by myself today!
I love sunday not because its holiday, because its only day on which serials are off on TV.
Local police hassling people at the Safeway parking lot. You go gurl!
Oh my. My 5 + 7 year old nephews have their best listening ears on this morning!
Looks like wants to be part of the , eh ?! Cmon AA, make it happen!
MEA giving some "tough" statements on nurses stranded in Iraq. Please follow. You'll be enlightened.
\": you know why right? She didn't want to see yo ugly ass haha ... \"Haha im dead sexy.
Such a nice feeling having your boyfriend look more at his phone than you all day
Lines are the funnest part of VidCon
Mardy toddler again! 4th day in a row! Oh joy, what a great day!
3 days till i get my for a month...
All we get is little snippets of info where we find out a specific phone is getting cyan update in Fiji on July 6th!
Just the perfect way to end my night.
We have championship DNA. Because that's something that definitely exists. And if it does its something the spurs TOTALLY lack
Some JavaScript pros are going to love my jQuery when they see it in the morning
Thinking of putting on a workshop called called "Film in motion" it'll teach film photogs how to shoot moving subjects.
I'm glad my parents called to let me know they are safe.
I love that you take time to think about coming to see me. It shows that you actually enjoy my company. **
Happy late birthday to . Forgive me. My Internets are clogged with cats.
An 18 minute phone conversation with a friend about their as they shop in the supermarket. Well, that was life changing.
Yes weather network was right, there is a huge thunder storm outside!!
Best 4th of July EVER!!
You're really good at texting me back...
Yeah, home sweet home..
Very unique and original snapchats tonight. Rain, concerts, random people at a bar, and food. Keep them coming.
Yes! I'm 18! I should be sucking dick and making fucking babies not playing games!
Why are my youtube thumbnails always so darn attractive????
Sounds like the suns r a joke nationally. Meanwhile the cavs are a premier destination and Miami's roster is amazing
I made a great selfie with my cat.
Crap! I just thought of all the $$$ we can make selling merchandise. (All for charity of course ;)
You're such a bitch...
So excited to be working tonight. On the 4th of July. EVERYONE eats pizza. On the 4th of July.
0-0 at halftime. Do games get any more exciting!?
Buti pa nag artista nalang ako..kasi pag artista ka pwede kang maging politiko,singer,businessman kahit presidente. Galing noh?
All I ate for dinner was a baked potato yet somehow I have crazy bad heartburn. Love it.
I love nightmares.
My neighbors failed to burn my house down with their bottle rockets. Oh well, there's always next year.
Oh he said "bitch" on TV! Yay the is coming back!!!! ....
They're drinking on a sunday afternoon. Right now. Life is great,huh?
Maybe Vandy fans will have custom license plates produced like UT did and use them for the next 16+ years.
Go ahead...Chant name 6 months after he walked out. You don't sound like an idiot at all.
Kristen Stewart is the next Meryl Streep. So many Oscars in her future.
Going to go outside... Get some fresh air... A break from technology... Sigh...
... And then, I lost my phone! Cool.
I love migraines
Gracias por la cobertura de la Qualy, espectacular. En especial las ruedas de prensa post-qualifying
So exciting to have Koz up for the anemic offense!
You always have your missed field goal returned for a touchdown call in your back pocket.
Tissue samples coming back deficient in Nitrogen and Sulfur, potassium. Shocking.
OMG I just checked my room assignment and I'm living with in Hamilton D3!!!
What a great day
What a terrible finish by Germany. Coulda been 8-0. Ended 7-1.
why are coaches turning down the Penguins gig?? you'd think they'd love the chance to coach Sidney Crosby??
Another bloody day
Novak Djokovic wins Wimbledon. That didn't take that long.
Great pass by Rooney.
Hello, Jax. Lovely to see you.
Last man standing to kick off..... I guess not right now... Ty announcer for doin your job right
Up and at 'em early to romp some crazy trails. My life is rough
The final four teams are so surprising!
3 more hours of work to go. Yaaaaay.
BRAZIL IS PLAYING SO GOOD OH MY GOSH
Maria's coach is Dutch.
Nothing makes you more of a badass than playing grand theft auto and listening to Rihanna at the same time
This pitchers comin in real clutch
what a wonderful thing is when people live comment everything
I count 11 new taxes. Way to go Ed.
...so it doesn't show who retweeted again, love itttt ...
Yay maraming quizzes bukas, so excited!
So today is America's 2014th birthday right?
Maldonado involved in an incident? Rare
So bored again. Gosh I love summer.
I just love that I only got 3 hours of sleep and I'm up this early to take Roxie to the vet. love it. absolutely love it.
Thank you for cutting of Tyreese smh
Remember everyone, it's mandatory to forget how to drive when it rains
Only tweet my entire exp
Won the 4x8 without even running
This is potentially the most violent, sneaky, play acting football I've seen. Kudos Honduras
I'm so glad it rains every single day during the summer...
I swear..... Y'all just shot the remainder of my non-existent social life in the aorta and it's slowly bleeding out
I am thinking of becoming a vegetarian.
The govt. takes my money and continues getting the country into debt.
Damn you favorite my tweet but don't respond ... my feelings are hurt ...
Shaking so bad. Thank you summer. Thank you body
Yea!!! I get to go back to work today after a week long vacation... so excited
Marriage is the only injury where turmeric is applied before getting hurt..
Wait, the San Antonio Spurs made the playoffs?
Ignoring me makes me like you even more.
Judge me. Hate me. Talk crap about how bad of a Christian I am. Just remember how holy you are.
When is it the best time for you to start relaxing? \n\n10 mins before you have to go back to work \n\n
The airport: A great location for creeps from around the world to comment on your short skirt!
YES!! Finally managed to log back into my instagram account. I was forced to live in darkness for 3 days. Phew
I love it when she's a bitch
the fact that on first day of 'summer' holidays is raining
282 days left until season 5 of Game Of Thrones, can't wait!
Channing Tatum doesn't have to blow out his birthday candles. He probably just winks at them and they pass out...
House is on earth hour mode again for the nth time. Hallelujah! Praise the Lord!
Drones are a worry! Now things can fly over our house and see into our backyard. What next? Helicopters? Google Earth?
Maybe if Lebron didn't have muscle cramps in game 1, this wouldn't be happening now
Sooooo can't wait for our game v London on Sunday very excited eekkk!!!!
Dimotrov vs Lopez - what a pair of ugly looking men...
Just loved seeing that.. Great way to start my night. In such a terrific mood now. Wow :-)
So this is hextalls first move as a GM? I cant wait to see what other moves he has in mind
Monday migraines are the best!
I can't keep up with you and your constant adventures!
Lemme tell you guys how much I love working at the pool snack shop.....
Sandow is So going to win.....
Ah great frozen is on... Never seen this before......
I always love seeing your tweets while I wait for you to text back! It's the greatest thing in the world!!
If $AAPL announced it was replacing Tim Cook with Tim Howard, would that push the stock back to an all-time high? iGoalkeeper
Don't worry, Malaysia. I'm sure books lionizing Hezbollah, Khomeini will reappear again at Jalan TAR. It's not convenient for now.
You don't like my keep it movin
I just love going to work
As a devout heavily into , I find that I'm an acquired taste. How do you think I got into
Just got back home from working so hard in the oil patch
Pulled over for speeding? Tell the police man that's impossible because you never speed when you're drunk.
My luck is just amazing this week; I should get an award for it..
I wonder why
I LOVE , but .. sometimes is not what I do! if I'm not hateful! and the unknowns! but that I dislike ...
Hey good news the struts on Jens car are shot!!!
Driving a scooter for 1 hour straight, wow aint this a pleasure. Totally worth the pain in the bums
Kyries Hebert got fined for illegal &amp; dangerous tackle. Those are the hits that end careers. How to protect your players CFL.
Think Liverpool can win this World Cup -1
When a stranger shows you his wart-ridden minuscule penis you know you've hit the big time
Oh these sinus problems are going to be the death of me. How dare you interrupt my sleep time. Sinus headaches rule!
Welbeck is shit!
As a North American, it's very comforting knowing that Russia is once again becoming a Stalinist state.
Using google maps to find a short cut always goes well.
Great day lol
I wonder if is trending on
Getting uniforms for work today!
players were caring enough to take a break to allow to further speculate on
Im SUPER excited for this new tanning law. Thanks for making my job so much easier.
John Cena champ again. Big surprise there.
Have I ever mentioned how much I hate the \"itchy stage\" of a new tattoo? \n(I hate the \"itchy stage\" of a new tattoo).
To add to my last post.
I've been traveling all day....is there a soccer game goin on?
In so glad that our friendship hasn't changed..
At least in Vertonghen, Dembele, Chadli, Fellaini and Januzaj, have players who have spent all season turning round deficits
I'm very happy hockey is over. This bachelorette shit is much better.
Well...first time I slept through my alarm clock making me super late for work. It's going to be a great day -_-
I love it when people don't do a tbh for me:)
Hey aka : \nYou can have my vote if you can make me as poor as you before next November. \nDeal?
Oh yes Em I wore your pregnancy clothes that's why you can't find it ok you caught me \n
criticism good. Listen see if they have a point. critcism in 1 ear out the other
Glad to see the best hitting shortstop in baseball got called up today
If I get 50 followers today I will post a selfie.\nNot one with a silly face.\nAn actual selfie.\n\n\n\n\n
Woke up late, burnt my tongue on my coffee, still have a cold...yep, today is gonna be a great day.
Well, my hayfever has been delightful over the last few days...
Slept right through my alarm without budging, Ohh what a fabulous start to the week! happy Monday!
YELLOW CARD FOR SILVA. Lah ya hakam ma tethawar!
mad props to Common for being a great goalie
Doing the most American thing possible for , listening to Rage Against the Machine.
All the ignorant posts on FB about the new ruling not having to do with religion at all have me wishing for a "love" button
5 Days till my boyfriend falls off the planet. .
Off to show interim work to a client and I just know it's gonna go great as always.
Crap my calendar was a day behind. No wonder everyone was so happy today...
sorry I'm not the daughter you wanted. God must've made a mistake
I can tell today's going to be a great day
Going to hit my 5,000th tweet tonight!
Another day, another 11 hour shift. I love work!!
A sincere thanks to the person who set off tornado sirens at 5:15 in Kansas in the summer while there are dark clouds in the sky.
are saved by Raul Ibanez!
nothing matters- just BUY-
I love being on deliveries, time alone with my thoughts, brilliant
I wish was from UP..aakhir ladkon se toh galti hoti hai
So did LeBron leave the Heat?
*brought to you by a grant from
Well that could of gone worse!
That's a helluva first episode.
Love having to dress for winter when it's 85 degrees outside because your office insists on keeping the thermostat at a balmy 40.
For the first time in history I'm early and waiting on someone.
Sleeping all day is exactly how I wanted to spend my independence day
Hooray! Yet another two Bat titles!
all hail our humanity!!!
Blah blah blah we just need to get rid of Obama and all our problems will be over blah blah blah
Ud lo condenan pero no saben que el Mamo puede llorar \n\n
What stellar journalism !! ESPN's B. Windhorst reporting Bucks fired Larry Drew after trading for Jason Kidd
Working on becoming the biggest hater in the industry...
So I see the Mormon church is uber progressive and totally not sexist at all ....
I love when my soccer game is at the same exact time as the game.
It's cool, No Grimlock till the last 15 min of a 2.5 hour movie.
Hey , can we not go to the Jays game when I visit? Cause I don't want my family to see me in angry drunk mode after
Going to the pool for PE going to have so much fun.
No shame in being the front porch mat of the world. Put all the shit that's stopping you from moving on me, I'll take care it it.
Dear Lydia Estates,\n \nThanks for installing all these unnecessary speed bumps \n\n-Disgruntled resident
But Im fine with any full time wrestler so please dont put a part timer or legend on it.
I used to be addicted to reading. I got help, and now I'm off the books.\n
I love your anecdotes about how you did it more awesome or the corrections of exactly which word was misspoken.
I want to apologize. Before now, I never realized how complicated automatic flushing toilets are. You poor people and your fear.
So I think USA is doing pretty bad.
Totally stoked for a 14 hour road trip tomorrow
I just looooove being blamed for everything under the sun, thank you
Important scanner report: Just heard a call about too loud fireworks. Ummmm, wanna go to a quiet fireworks someday?
World Cup fever! You can just feel the excitement in the air here in the US.
Anyone watching the college World Series on ESPVA? it's Virginia vs .....we'll I'm not sure.
Lawro is hilarious
Gotta love it when someone doesn't respond to your texts but still browses their Facebook and texts their SO.
Love it when people invite me to do shit with them.
Received over 400 emails since i left office on Thursday. gonna be a fun day.
My new video got out for 5 hours and it only manged to get 21 views ... wow I'm so motivated in making new videos now :) :\/
Mum and Dad tell me they are going away for the weekend so I make plans then they say they aren't going away. Fantastic.
Happy :-) fucking :-) birthday :-) to :-) me :-)
This is just full of cringey acting and dialogue! Yay!
Having to go home from camp early is one of the best feelings ever.
Man. I look so pretty in the mornings..
Wake up in pain. Damn i love it..
.What's the chance of returning?
Buffalo picks Sam Reinhart. Wonder bow much Bennett's inability to do a pull up affected his draft stock. .
8 group winners through. What a predictable
Can you imagine the sheer torture that it must have been to get Eva Mendez pregnant?
\"This Ramadhan, catch as many keyboard warriors as you could! \"\n
Lots of equality in this community guys, I love you all!
Im sorry that you look like a pedophile
Anyway public affairs exam soon yeah baby
I get to see my racist judgemental great aunt tomorrow &amp;tell her I have no job &amp;am not going back to school &amp;am not married. Yay!
I think you stepped on something smelly! Like your feet!
Glad that I bought WoW: MoP to play it once, for an hour, after waiting for it to update for 8 hours.
Not sure why I bothered going to bed last night. Tossed and turned. And it's not like I have a lot to do today, or anything.
It's completely unbelievable how many different times and ways your heart can be broken in a month...or six. Here's to July...ha.
Not being able to sleep is always the best
Guys, the is just having us play our heated rival for the home opener. No big deal.
So I was wondering what's happening on the right now.
Dear Thanks for ringing the doorbell.
not watching the game but it sounds like Argentina is smashing BH Spain style
isn't an , it's an !
Is there anything better than sitting in the office while the sun is shining and the next worldcup game is about to start? NO!!!
when u delete all your social media apps on your phone and forget you have a twitter account
You're just SO COOL. Can you teach me to be as awesomely awesome as you are? It must be exhausting to be that fantastic of a human
Finally getting my animal fries/burger!
And to all the people write JYJ = Jaejun, Yuchun &amp; Junsu... OH MY GAWWWD GURL.,.,.... I thought its for Jenny, You and John!!
Omg I totally understand why you couldn't help me
I love it when people visit the office and leave the stench of cigarette smoke when they leave
Glad to see Springfield's Scott Lively featured on . Thanks for bringing us some .
Way to show up in a big game Dempsey
Laundry day! Yaaaaye
It'd be perfect to have a bonfire right now
I love the weather headaches they're the THE BEST KIND
Yay for 10 hour work days..
I had no idea I knew so many people who love and follow soccer
Finally got a confirmation on my laptop. Friday. Finally. I can't wait until I spend five whole hours setting it up!
Only Toress can save now!
liverpool without moses, cissokho and aspas: 7th
I'm always quieter at the weekend on Twitter because calms the fuck down and behaves better...
It's ovahhh....\nafter such a thought provoking show\n
Officially back in PA.
Its nice to see the new film move in a new direction w\/a plot concerning the gov. trying to get rid of the Autobots.
imagine ade penyakit nama 'kateko', \"weh, aku ade penyakit kateko\"
I love humans, I really really do
Don't forget your pitt bull when you come to bushwhackers
You know what goes really well with country music, power chords and auto tune.
I once asked people how they would summarize me &amp; my life. Only got 1 response: "NOT Interesting"
Just recognized an actors voice narrating this movie. Then they showed him at the end &amp; I was right!
I love driving in the rain when you can't see anything in front or behind you!
Where would we be without protecting us from the evil overlords with their fearless journalistic integrity?
I hate and
People understand me so well.
I'm so happy people care
So has Lebron picked a team yet??
This was the best fucking weekend ever.
Oh nice a gay pride parade sweet!
Who doesn't love the smell of a dirty homeless man on the bus in the morning...
And the day just keeps getting better, and better.
I have to wait at work for an hour. Yaay
Had a good date with Jesus yesterday. Bowling, then darts, pool, and a drink. I dominated by the way.
These commentators are completely unbiased.
Oh how I love camp beach day
\"D'you think we've got nothing better to do in Potions than listen to Snape?\"
Nah. I'm good thank you though for inviting me
There's nothing I appreciate more than news talk radio..
I love typos. Typos are cool.\n\n
Idk what they are gonna do about these crazy nights we're having......
Hahaha yeah I'm just kidding no love in this club!
Greeeeaaaaat RT : BREAKING: US economy shrank at 2.9 percent annual rate in first quarter, worst showing since recession.
I wonder which one of my roommates bright ass idea it was to have the ac turned down in our apartment.
Spurs titles don't count because Jordan was retired.
If you feel good after hurting someone else's feeling, then congratulations, you're living a healthy life.
I hate to see Luis Suarez get injured, returning too early from knee surgery.
Ahhh...good times. ;)
That's what we needed! A Swedish midget!
Oh WOW !!! Another black girl with a loud mouth. ;/ geez
Sweet vacation !
Barra made nightly news.... I'm shocked!
Weedin a cornfield tomorrow; can't wait!!! $$tho
Wait! I thought it was too early to be making trades/moves.
3rd one's the final one! 3/3 scratches on my iphone. Aaaaaaaand i need the iphone4, aaaand im broke! YEEEE!!
Well isn't that a pleasant to hear firecrackers/fireworks go off by your window at 2am!!!
Catching up on my Seventeen and doing laundry all day...
Love it that girls never lie!!
My best defence usually is and when people don't get it, it's difficult 4 me 2 talk to them...
Oh it's okay that you sprayed in my tennis shoes Ziggy, I didn't need to wear them to work tonight anyway.
When I'm fighting with someone through text I say \"lol\" way too much
i belive that was
New update from pilot: there is no update, we have no idea when we can leave.
Sure middle aged man you can turn around and check me out super obviously with my mom RIGHT there...thank you for that
Oh, yes I can. RT : You can't just come into someones life, make them feel special, and then leave.
Pedro has 100 career home runs and he's 27 years old. Yeah, definitely should trade him
It's 10:10pm and I'm just pulling in my driveway for the first time today after a softball doubleheader. I love being a parent
Has sports center started talking about where LeBron will go yet?
When your card gets cloned and 1k is taken. Perfect for Salticrack snack time of month. Awesome start to the weekend
Itv presenter shouts 'here's Adrian &amp; the boys' like it's something to be proud of. No hint of irony or shame. ?
Ricky should be very calm in the press conference about that ruling
PGA tour just got real...
this Messi guy might have a future in this game.
Yay Torres scores- wooooooooooooo ;p
Damnation! It is soooo hard for someone to wait 3 minutes, FREE of charge and have their photo taken..... for a FREE VOTER ID!
Yay, back to being ignored by everybody.
Thank God my SGS3 has a removable battery... So I can take it out when the phone freezes.
Deleting pictures. Not talking. Hiding all of your stuff out of sight. Gotta love this.
I'm a born\/bred NY'er &amp; I think I waited the longest time ever 4 a 2nite. That's 30+ years. Thx I def get the fare increases.
I miss my Dig class
Okay so.... Straight up. Lets trade Nikitin for Taylor Hall. Such a fair deal. CBJ.
First time I check the score, US already down 1-0 by the 8 min mark. Big surprise there.
My is so advanced that I think some people actually think I'm stupid when I say things like the War of 1812 was in 1813. *sigh*
Smoking cigs makes you look so cool. Like y am I not u?
drowning in a puddle of tears and sprite zero
Not even tired
Oh Torres is on now. Just sit back and watch the Spanish goals rain in
It's a beautiful mid June day, at a balmy 48 degrees Fahrenheit Seriously, it's freezing! Where. Am. I?!
funny . Always making me laugh . Ahhh hilarious.
Bored... no life...
Cant wait to go make money!
I'm so glad the and didn't take that risk on Jose Abreu. He was definitely asking for too much $$$
What's that? There's a NLH event starting today at the ? That's unusual(!)
The are on a roll!!!!
Oh the love in this house, truly heart warming.
Hi, hello.. my nickname is XD
I'm sure Judge Cooper, appointed by Obama earlier this year, will be tough on the suspect.
Instead of 8 carriages they now have 4. Another bright idea I mean the train wasn't pact enough to begin with
England press conference or v ? Tough choice, that one.
out for dinner with such a lovely family
What a surprise! The Bucks select Jabari Parker!
On a side note, it's always nice to hear that can use her for something other than goalkeeping.
I turned 16 last month. GLAD PEOPLE STILL THINK I LOOOK 12
I am soooo happy to be at work on the 4th. BUTTT gimme dat holiday pay yo
I wish I only hungout with underclassman everrrrrry day.
* LOL! More Lucinda? You should see the lengths UUs go to . The BS is part of it.
Eu estou meu amor ! ahahah
Thanks for calling me, I appreciate it.
Me at math test today: oh I see, I forgot to calculate the fuck I don't give.
So now my phone can't find it's network. Trying to get it fixed. Such a great day.
Anything can be funny if u have amazing mind.....
Thanks, , for hanging up on me because you couldn't be as patient as I was while onon hold. Great customer service!
Does anyone know what colour jersey Sagan is wearing?
Nah it's okay I was hoping you didn't text me back anyways
The joys of not having school is tiding up and doing chores yay! # cba
\"Why don't I get to to do something God gets to do.\" --Michael Scott
BRA-0 GMR-5 What a nail biter
A friendship built in lies is one that never dies
thank you rumford police department, you are oh so kind.
What is this strange phenomenon??I've never heard of water falling from the sky and then not being able to play.
Also it's so weird to see England struggling in a World Cup! That never happens!
Sin ? Just do it!
When I'm relaxing of a night, one of my favourite things to listen to is maybe neighbours having sex through the ceiling...
I can't believe I missed my birth month and birth week announcements. Wtf is wrong with me?
Do I really sound like a cow when I'm singing I was JUST being
It's odd how we must compare things and even weirder when we can't: "It was like nothing I've ever seen before." Useful, thanks!
Oh don't mind me. I'm simply adding to your gazillion Followers, cos I know I'll never be one of that handful you're Following.
I love that men make the decisions for women in this country.
Because nobody has figured out how to download a streaming you tube video
Boy we sure could use some rain.
Yay for getting like 2 1/2 hours of sleep before work!!
My favorite thing in the world is headaches.
Anyone interested in watching 22nd Jump Street today\/tonight\/tomorrow(early afternoon)?\n\nI don't want to see it;I was just curious
Yea.... Jimmy Johnson wins again!\n
Endless snapchat stories are soo necessary bcuz ppl care about every minute of your life :'))))))))
If you don't do drugs then you aren't cool haha
About 550 people went and saw Galore this weekend. Good work, Australia *thumbs up*
audi winning le mans? yea, THATS new..
Scripts for 5 episodes of Doctor Who have leaked &amp; the BBC put out a press release asking people not to spoil? Okay, that will work
Stanton is the fav to win the HR derby? Here I thought Frazier was.
Medel would never do that when Chile was taking the lead, so yes, he has all the rights to complain lol
Working at MGM today yay
So kyle easmond really showed how much better he is rhan billy then?!?
Hasta en el estadio ya se quedaron dormidos, partidazazazazazo vs \n...
With all his $$$, he couldn't get a tuxedo that fits?
Day vertigo. Somewhat better. But still falling over if I move my head the "wrong" way. Trying to sleep is super fun.
.very few things drive me away from a news site faster than "...Page 2", they think they're saving paper ????
It's not all doom and gloom Brazil. You could still finish 3rd.
I need more Lebron news!!
What a great way to start our night !!
Hey thanks for taking my parking spot at the house. Glad you're back.
I'd like to see someone who can realistically get Bikinis and Alcohol stopped here in Goa. :P
Natalie had a first tonight. A boy asked her to dance with him at the Luau. I punched him in the face.
Twitter has been very quiet tonight.
My parents are just sooooo thoughtful.
Working behind a desk for about 6 and 1/2 hours tomorrow. Yay. Woo Hoo. So stoked
another night yay
Not sure about anyone else, but I LIVE to be texted about work.
Damn it. Pain definitely goes great with emotions.
Dear \nWe dont need cushion seats in the II class compartment. We will just rip the covers and hurt our own ass!.
after such a thought provoking show
Llego y la PC esta misteriosamente formateada, nadie lo hizo, nadie sabe, que misterio -.-
An IQ Tour matches up at the stadium? Weird.
Well. I feel important.
Hey,did you know the Lakers are gonna offer Carmelo a max contract?
is a way of life for me.
Having such a great day!
says: Inability to understand can be an early warning sign of a disease !
Back in Nassau, joy of all joys.
I'm glad this is what I gave up my life for
Shout out to the gas pumps that don't have that kickstand so you don't have to stand there and hold it forever.
What a lovely day !!!
What? You're telling me a kid turning in a Kleenex box for extra credit doesn't measure anything relevant???
Wow such an exciting night, I can't take it
Oh excellent. I have food poisoning and a four hour flight today.
Abbas' dissertation was titled, "The Other Side: The Secret Relationship Between Zionism and Nazism" ... What a guy!
Wait, so is LeBron going back to Cleveland?
I get it now! This is how the government is promoting homosexuality! It's so clear.
America's team lost, let's see what the first one does on Tuesday
Francisco struck out on a breaking ball? Shocking...
Hey did anyone hear about that Facebook experiment?
I haven't had a big appetite 4 a week now!dont knw whether 2 worry or 2 B proud!
Oh yes Mr. PTCruiser guy... Your lack of muffler makes you soooooo badass
I feel quite loved....
Whoever made this is a genius...
Good thing Cramer helped me so much with this study guide
Because that group with three Champions (Uruguay, England, &amp; Italy) &amp; Costa Rica isn't the group of death. Rightttt.
The crowd sounds like they love this match.
Some people are so good at giving advice that they can't follow their own.
Boy I feel better now that I finally know who Daquan is.
Lol today is just going fantastically
Hot girl came into baskin &amp; tipped me. Is it the hair? Or the smile? Must be the eyes. Or because I'm hilarious?
Just after I burnt my melo jerseys I change my background on twitter, can't wait til the C.boozer wallpapers are out.
my life is full of excitement!!!!!
ACT more like YAY CT
I have to get up at 3am!!!! :))) Amazing!!! :))))
I have no WI-FI so now I can't see who follows me. First world problems are the worst.
Beckerman is a douche with the shirt pulling. Let's ban him for 9 matches and four months
Night drives from Indy to ft Wayne &gt;
Nice foul call\n
First . Den . Watta healthy !
So am running 100 metres for the first in like two years tomorrow... Fun times
Oh, I get it now. want the B/C for them (that we pay for). Should have known that. They like .
After work today I start my first 4th of July weekend living at the beach.. I'm not excited at all
Nak bncuh air sunquick pun xreti? Sila ambik culinary arts deh,..
is the new Andy, and you all know how much we liked Andy..
Has the World Cup finished yet?
Wow every snapchat I see is the same I would have never known
Defo couldn't handle a promotion the extra pressure of phoning taxis is just too much
Church drama is the best drama ever.
i find bad jokes funnier than funny jokes.
Man if it wasn't for twitter I would have NEVER known there was a storm last night!
Having intestinal issues is so glamorous, really...
Suarez has gone and Liverpool FC are still here. Who'd have thought it!?
If only Snowden had been in a position to copy the documents proving he had done it
So a certain character in Game of Thrones which was meant to be in last season isnt going to be in it at all
The should change their logo to a red potato and antagonize the hell out of the looney leftists
Yup. Ayep. Uh huh. Ya betcha. Fo shizzle. Yissssssss...
50 items on NSAC docket but no room for a 51st to deal with Vitor's failed drug test. Chael (retired) clearly more urgent issue.
Can't believe future world player of the year could be out of the first game!!!
Someone post a photo of Kermit, sipping tea. \n\n
Doesn't today feel extremely long?
I get to see 1/6 greece and italy games. Not bad ...
W\/o Instagram I wouldn't have known 2 things today.1.The Miss Ky girls went to Cheddars 2.The sky was pretty tonight
Wow, exciting match. Non-stop action
FB timeline says Brazil won because they were lucky!Yes, lucky because they are the most successful team in history of WC football.
2) Arsalan iftikhar's business acumen
actual machine learning technology and algorithms -- just what the world needs!
Summer Solstice means the longest amount of daylight which means more time for Derek Jeter's classiness to shine through.
Last time I went to LA on a whim was in 2000..anything new since then?? ;)
Camp is starting off with a bang.
You know it's probably the best feeling knowing your friends are there for you when you need them most..
So I popped my tire. The one I just bought in November. This is the best week possible
Bendtner leaves Arsenal after 10years of loyal service!
Another rainy race day, hooray!
Seriously everyone, stop saying Doug McDermott is the next Michael Jordon. Let him be the first Doug McDermott
It's simple, if the Heat had Josh McRoberts all along, they'd have 4 titles in the last 4 years instead of 2.
Amazon have shipped 3 monitors with 3 different tracking codes, that ought to save them some money
It's good to know Italy lost in a nice and fair game.
ME ENCANTA tener juntas a las 2 porque asi no como!
i love when my nine hour days turn into twelve hours...
Well that was awesome
Taxi drivers striking over the app that loses them money...imagine that, people wanting to earn a living? selfish
But torah says promised the land to the jews so they were fully within in their rights to steal it.
It's nice to feel used -_-
Forgot to post that I went to the and I lost all my NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\n
Thanks for being there for me when I need it most
Impressive article by Rio on tonights match in the Daily Mail. Done in the 15 mins since he left the commentary box. .
I love how Wigan continue to lose players and yet don't sign anyone
I love my life, friends, and my family.
This is going to be amazing
Great at bat Teixeira...
Wow this is such a long green flag run...
Soy alta cc
What I love most about getting surgery and being in excruciating pain for days is having to clean my house still.
This morning is starting off just great.
Oh yeah NFL Network I'll watch the 1987 AFC Championship game. Yeah I want to relive that shit again
I Love when Hollywood steals ideas from books &amp; massacres Asian Cinema Classics!
De romantica pase sensual
Helen wanted to change peoples opinions of her, looks like she doing a great job!
Downswings are fucking great. Having the absolute time of my life here every day I play.
4 days in a row for Chapman
Shucks. No 6am Minecraft today. I blame the storm. Don't have my laptop for editing
Nothing is better than waking up at 4a only to NOT go back to sleep until 5 min before a 6a alarm.
LeBron\/Wade\/Bosh are so bad that NO TEAM has contacted them for a meeting except Miami.
Lebron going off. It's too bad his legacy was ruined already after game 1.
Yea take forever to reply I love that
Love getting startled out of sleep by people working on the apartments around me
que buenas vacaciones las mias, ohyes! .
I can't wait to go to orientation in 4 hours
*2 yr old i bbysit for*\n\"meghan will you help me go poo\"\n
I love when someone asks me a question and respond back. It's my first marriage all over again.
Neymar is out of the rest of the world cup...... I really so, so sorry for him.
Feeling great. Just got dumped. Best night ever
nak diet bagi kurus? tanyalah ibu kpd budak yg dikurung tuh.. berkesan!
and , best particles of English
So glad America just reverted back 200 years. Overjoyed to be a woman today.
Me obsessed with Spiderman? I mean I know I've seen the tv show and movies 50&gt; times but I'm not obsessed
not like I wanted u to reply
Sometimes, the first step to forgiveness is understanding that the other person is an idiot.
Hard to see Costa Rica holding out much longer against these Greek onslaught. Pure weight of pressure will do for them surely?
So lets get this straight show the goal line tech of the penalty that nearly breaks the back of the net. Blattet is a genius
Love it when I'm on the line for an hour and a half calling VA Medical to pick up and then only get 3 of my 22 claims checked.
Big shout out to for putting cars with no AC into service on the hottest day of the year.
This is why the is awful. You'd never see a bad or boring playoff game in NBA, NFL, MLB, NHL, NCAA or PGA.
I forgot I'm not allowed to watch soccer because I'm not a super fan
Got upstairs to find wide awake. Yay
I am so gutted to have missed the game for some time with the team.
There's no way that girl in Beit Lahiya died from a rocket, those are fireworks and can't kill!
Well I'm glad I got to talk to you yesterday.
Why dont Repubs investigate &amp; expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
Sure, yeah... I am totally okay with losing more of the sweetest people ever unexpectedly.
Something happened 20 years ago today I'm not sure what it was but Twitter will remind me. :-)
When they first announced Episode 7 I was like MAN , I sure hope they finally go to TATOOINE!
If I were to give up , that would leave interpretive dance as my only means of .
When you breakdown the breakdown till it's nothing then you're the heaviest band ever
Its amazing how much time i get to do me
Another great coaching move my Spoelstra
Paying full attention to while painting my nails.
liverpool without moses, cissokho and aspas: 7th\n\nliverpool with moses, cissokho and aspas: 2nd\n\n
Someone come to my house and push me off my roof
I wonder why these tweets are a thing to do...
Tres pases seguidos y remate! Wow.
Girls u better back of her boyfriend ew she going to hurt you
Chief Wahoo talk...my favorite.
Thanks for making everything easier.
Yes, I am aware that I clearly live a rock 'n' roll lifestyle over here.
WAIT, is everyone on Twitter watching soccer?! I can see the game with my own eyes.
Baseball championship was tonight? Damn I'm really pissed I missed it!
Cops now are beating Pregnant and old Women. I would be proud to be an Officer.
well, if 99.9% of whites, and 90% of blacks allow it, your FUCKED
Well then, I'm so honored to be watching
i forgot jason richardson is still signed . problem solved
Maybe they should have left Polanco down in the minors a little longer!
Hanya fakultasku tersayang yang sudah buka pendaftaran UP padahal UAS-nya saja baru beberapa matkul. Thinking forward banget ya.
The most anticipated match of the World Cup is on at 3pm between Iran and Nigeria.
Way to go SENS management ! Looking forward to a great year at the bottom of the salary cap...
Actually if installed loud speakers &amp; played on loop at least I could give points for
Dr. WWE says to take it easy. Easier said than done. Good to know I have a strong support group
Kudos to for getting my hopes up this early in the morning.
Dude FIFA 14 is like the most realistic game ever like holy shit dude
LeBron opting out? No way... lol
Whoever didn't dance slutty to stupid shit by girlicious was a downer.
Thank you, My Fitness Pal, for ruining my current favorite lunch by showing me it's full of salt.
Serioulsy Kesler gave a two team list (CHI-ANA)... thats not called handcuffing your old team at all!
The only reason why Brazil is losing is because Neymar isn't playing
Had a detention for doing nothing today yay
I love when I get a text 30 mins into a convo..
The best part about vacation is sleeping in.
Don't you love random panic attacks?
Soccer is so awesome that you can celebrate this loss.
I graduated as a Bachelor of with an IDGAF honor.
FLIGHT CANCELED. STRAIGHT CHILLIN UP IN SALT LAKE CITY. AYOOO
I love \"OK\", not because it ends the conversation, it's because it pisses people off.\n
Welcome to Philly, Joel Embiid! Nice to see you look so happy to be drafted by us.
Portugal's now playing like they don't need this win. Good job boys! Doing us proud
That's what I would do!
I mean it's a good thing I look ratchet af atm...
Outside lands is already sold out. Didn't see that one coming.
So have 'lodged official bids' or 'agreed deals' for J.Rod, R.Rod, Di Maria, Cuadrado, Vidal and Carvalho? Good work Twitter
New snapchat: tbenzTwentyFive
im so mad that i dont get to see tonight, thanks so much
I was tired a half hour ago...but that's gone now.
If jason had a hairy chest and/or back, I think I miiiiiight be single.
Oh no. The company standard World Cup chart has gone up on the wall. Still, at least I can see all matches and results now! Yes!
\"Im in a ship rightnow\"
I really enjoy it when someone's says they will be 5 minutes...
i think it might be raining
Also is there going to be another five hour special for his second decision? Bc I'm definitely gonna have to TiVo that.
Yes, please keep posting your firework videos because I've never seen any before.
Yes that's exactly want I wanted to say was "ducked" I love spell check
Big thanks to all the stores that don't sell any hoodies or sweaters in the summer. Don't worry, my office isn't cold or anything.
Love being able to make my own decisions.
Reading the best book ever
That July 4th holiday snuck up on everyone no one knew about it until the last minute.
Good morning! The love and on are on our way to the social security office. Oooh what fun. Lol.
Because I just love being ignored when I ask questions.
Orthodontist time. Yay.
Love that bitter feeling of total and utter lack of understanding.
I love how always sound like she's asking a question
You have a very nice hiding spot
Yep everyone in the world jumps to the worst conclusion first. What a wonderful world we live in with such caring people!
Another wedding party at howl? You're kidding!
Why didn't the Bills Even try?
Great birthday party family. Thanks for lying about me to everyone
I just love waiting at the airport. It's even better when you are delayed over an hour.
For real though that many chicken nuggets must be great for me
The worst pitching staff in the National League is shutting out the Pirates.....fantastic
adds another newbie. Along with all the recasts, it's just what the show needs.
is just so mature. Like I can't even. Lol
Lol that's comical
The Redblacks look great in their primarily WHITE jerseys and helmet.
Meeting Americans and realising how warped a sense of humour we British have
\"So how are you today?\" Hungry.
Woke up and can't sleep... Yay..
That when your being and someone takes it as a compliment.... Smh!!!
wow my dad just my day sooo much beetter
He was \"looking into it\" I'm sure...
2 hour car ride with the windows down....my hair looks fabulous.
i rlly luv being ignored wow
Nothing I love more than not being able to sleep, being hungry, and realizing its still hot out...
Forgot Lucas was alive
Oh and Yay, killing people is so much more awesome than doing anything else with your life! Whoo-hoo!! Be a MAN!
It looks like it's about to storm, even though my weather app says it's going to be clear skies. My weather app is never wrong.
is so good at replying
Now thats the Aussie way RT \": Whatever it is, I didn't do it. \n\n\n\"
How lovely to be fully broke and come home to an empty fridge. Yay me.......
Sitting in the car with two kids for two hours is always fun!!!!
Ive been poppin vtech since before i was poppin cherries -marc king. lol
K mom thanks for taking my phone bc thats going to teach me a lesson for being such a bad kid
Unbelievable, the bad luck sometimes ! haha
The team that displays such 'sportsmanship' has won...
Consti,I will always love you
That's ok. I didn't text you to get a response or anything...
Newbury College is one email away from convincing me to apply!!
Man of the match: Carlos VELASCO CARBALLO.
It must really suck to have someone care about you and love you. You poor thing, how do you live your life everyday...
Until I see them in person tf this internet shit gone benefit me an argument....ooww scary......just stupidity.
Worked 48 hrs this week. The boss man isn't letting up. 42+ hrs next week.
I love being ignored! Please do it some more! Really! Keep ignoring me it's great!
Nothing like a CPE session where the instructor pretty much reads from the slides.
Just walked into a door and banged my head. Great way to start the day!
A Desmond . That never happens
Put into one tweet to get followers!
Oh the angels bull pen just blew another lead? NO WAY?!
So the Sens big move is resigning Michalek. Where do I get my season tickets?
Love being in a good mood til I get home..
Can't wait to be at work
Me: I bought a bigger purse thinking I'd have more room. JAMES: That's a lie from the Devil! and
My back feels worse today :) yay
Let's trade up &amp; get Kyle Anderson. Keep the whole UCLA connection going!
irritable as fuck and I can't stop eating... perks of being female
Didn't realized it but all this Cup talk got me over 1k tweets. I'd like 2 thank my fa, friends and everyone who followed my drivel
Is it child labor if you use your own kid to wash your car?
Glad my senior shirt letters are staying on after only two washes!\n
How dare non-white families expect their children to get an education!
oh I'm really glad this Ref is neutral
I'm glad our bus stopped I'm Newhall to see if there was anybody waiting to get picked up &amp; there wasn't.
Shocker ()! Another change to the format. While I like reducing the outs from 10 to 7, the other changes seem pointless.
Wow dirt is so glamorous who knew?
I just love my passive-aggressive asshole neighbors here in Gainesville, Fla.
Perfect ending to a perfect day!
Obama voted worst president in 70 years. &lt;--
Thank you for putting the heaters on this morning, it was cold. 6.15 from Sunbury
Wanting to post a selfie, but not having the perfect song lyrics to go with it. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Great.. getting smashed and winning means I'll be hearing it all week from my husband. Awesome.
Great speech Joey
You're such a great "best friend".
Being followed by a celeb gives you more excitement than riding bike over 120 kmph it is !!
Talking to my grandma is like talking to an older angrier more version of me
Know what's totally beyond awesome?! Asking a question and the question being ignored, pretty much my absolute favorite.
Who woulda guessed?!?!
How to train your dragon 2 made this the best day of my life
Love the try-hard w\/ a dress w\/spiked heels in the grass at a carnival. Everyone else wearing T-shirts and jeans should try harder
I LOVEEEEEE FAKEEEEE PEOPLE OMFG LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
Chris Bosh deserves a 5 year, 90 million dollar deal.
If you're trying to hit on me from your car while I'm in mine....you got serious game bro
.I agree its disgusting that we have to defend marriage between man and woman. thanks for your support
Watching . Bauer just used his phone at Liverpool Street underground. What a joke. He'd never have signal. Now it's unrealistic
Things just couldn't get any better.
When i see people wearing extremely short clothes, it reminds me of the increasing level of poverty.
Apparently Fed statement does $PCLN good. now green.
I love when people where a band shirt and can't name 5 songs by said band
I'm not responding on what's app,you call @ 2 to ask if I'm sleeping? Of course I'm not sleeping,who sleeps ka 2?
Why have my brother and sister been laying in bed with me for almost two hours...
Well that's just great
SPECIAL OFFER: 7-11 Stores will be offering 500,000 copies of Hillary Clinton's new book with the purchase of every medium Slurpee.
Some decent sports options on this evening. Arena Football or Monday Night Raw? Tough decision.
I love being kept up by my problems, then remembering I can only talk to anyone about their problems, not mine. great feeling lolz.
\": We should definitely keep letting them take open shots. \"
mt dont want to be perceived as being full of myself, but if everyone in was like me we'd sweep this country
You know... I just love being ignored. It makes me feel so special and good.
