Tengo un apunte carnavalero y sigo sin entender un carajo...
State motto: "Welcome to Ohio. Now you're stuck in Ohio."
Wow my sis called me fat... u hurt my feelings so bad
This game is keeping me up
They tell you to be yourself, then they judge you. i just love this society
And once again, let us all thank Belisario for the great job he does as closer.
Oh &amp; you have so much!!
This day is starting off well.
I'm so surprised that the put on a dominating performance and are talking about .
A new Call of Duty. I didn't see that coming.
Some ppl never cease to amaze me.
I'm not offended at all...
Hey no biggje. just has to draw w\/ .
dude the purge is really good and makes great observations about the nature of humanity
oh yay.. the "lets go tigers" girl is back.
laundry is great :^)
here comes our 8 run inning
I can't wait to work all day today and not go to the beach til late tonight yaaay!
Well there nothing else I casandra say but I love working
i see Isheka but not Rochelle hmmmm i wonder why
Also has a 2020 option for another 20 million. Wow. RT : That's all? ok for moment I thought he was over paid
So glad I live where my condones rape but vilifies
I love you enough to kill you. How romantic.
Waiting for my brother to get out the shower is like waiting for snow in summer....brilliant start to my morning
Dentist woop woop
Candidate 4 Gov asks 4 legal advice on illegal migrants left in AZ rather than ?
I love the enthusiasm and excitement in Gary Neville's voice.
Come on, , surprise me!
Best part of sweating like that all day, I smell great
Yay!! More fireworks!
Your boyfriend is cheating on you with me because he looked at me and talked to me. Guess you guys should break up now.
My "favorite" client showed up in the office without warning. Since my bosses are out this week, I'm now the closest to the door.
Accidentally put my sweater on backwards.. Didn't turn it around. I like to have fun
If something gets tweeted twice or more its because wifi is great in brazil
Apparently concussions plus migraines are the GREATEST
Lucy is coming for the 4th, which means my weekend is gonna be one thing...\nRACHET.\n\n
When people try to teach you after understanding
Shout out to the grown ass women who still give bad looks for no reason
No internet for almost 12 hours now but hey, we still have cable tv! Thanks for impeccable service!
If only we had lampard available in the \nfirst two games :\/
being ignored is the best feeling ever
This game sucks.
Yankees/ Red Sox on ESPN tonight. That's a refreshing change.
The need to slow down with all these signings!!!
Notice how NO predominantly or countries are speaking up to oppose this resolution in ? Sooooo surprising
Ano to? Lokohan? Sorry Hindi ako na inform! Pasensya na ha?\n
Thank you body for becoming sick the day before I start summer classes.
I just woke up and heard the news! I gotta go get a Cleveland SnapBack and Lebron jersey ASAP! I love the Cavs! Always have.
Sitting On The Bench In Softball. Love It.
Not saw a single Suarez joke what is wrong with you all !!
That awkward moment when you feel your life is a bliss and suddenly you remember the pigs!
If you know your roads well in Mumbai. You can schedule a call at every signal. And can continue with your work while driving.
I hope that NONE of you reach the financial depths Hillary Clinton faced in 2000.
Wow some people have the strangest exercise variations. Obviously getting good results performing 2 reps for 2 sets
Now back to SPORTS. FUCK YES. BEST CONFERENCE EVER
Ranked 969909 in the dream team
I'm pretty sure I have a black eye. Great way to start off this day.
Cheers McKinley. Two days notice to clean up our pig-sty of a house is really plenty of time.
I guess that decided that I do not get to watch the Group A matches simultaneously. Thanks for making that decision for me.
I write in Comic Sans just to tick off people who hate Comic Sans.
I feel bad for lebron and wafe
Listening to your favorite song.. lol
So sorry that Hillary doesn't own the private jet she flies on. We should donate
I can feel the Chive love right now.
Now that the A's have won the series does anyone know when the parade and ring ceremony will be? I'll bring chips!
Wow I feel so great
I just love when ppl find out I have diabetes&amp;tell me bout their relative who either died\/got their body parts amputated cuz of it
Caught in Toronto traffic.
I'm so glad that UT has made sending my transcript such a priority.
Beckett's 2/9ths of the way to his 2nd consecutive no-hitter. I think he's going to do it!
Solid DAW Si Loisa Grabe Guys. Palakpakan Grabe. Best actress Woah!
Thank you, Netflix, for suggesting Smurfs 2. What an accurate suggestion for my time based on my previous film choices.
Just sent this to a friend, "Happy Father's day...not bc you've ever impregnated me but bc we had such great ones."
Berisha is like Ikea: some assembly required.
Email outage all day thanks to . This won't make our clients trying to reach us angry at all!
I'm loving these Landon Donovan segments. He gives such a great analysis of the game.
Aren't braces just great? :) ugh
Isn't fighting just the greatest!!!!!
Well I'm sure now that Balotelli helped Italy win the racists in Italy will stop throwing bananas at him.
Yay! Brazil won!!
I'm just having a spectacular day.
\"You wear that shirt a lot\" \n\nYES !! Because I own it.....\n\n
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU GUYS!
This is real fun.
Wow , Good Job on enforcing your rules/policy...
Not liking the movie Old School would make my question our friendship and your life.
Is it storming??? I can't tell for myself....
RIiiight because you know 100% of them
This is my "Yeah, right" face.
Ok well.... Good talking to ya.....
is killing me training the new baristas on the bar for the first time during morning rush.
The best part of the ridiculous Messi hype is that we get to relive it with Ronaldo tomorrow
This game is already going so well!
I can't wait too see what tweets.
The Feeling of struggle and stress is always the best.
Y'all already know what I'm wearing tomorrow. Shorts, midcalfs, vans, and a lax tank top
Soccer is SO boring!
No one wants to deal with the overpopulation problem and so they seek to find a solution to the energy crisis... real smart....
The goal is to have a good life, right?
Nice tag, Flash.
Ross must have been scared of that roid machine Cruz sliding into home.
Sometimes I worry about my tweets in case people don't get them. Especially the ones!
What a great day... :/
Seriously let me be you
I'm so surprised.
Open crib comes so in handy when I have no weed
Pants 2 shirts 3
Louis Armstrong 'What a Wonderful World' and 'Such a Beautiful Morning' is a perfect song for today. LOL
Paul Reiser is a comedy genius. One of the greats. Met him after the show for the second time this year.
s/o to he fedex guy for ringing the doorbell, making my dogs bark &amp; waking me up.
It is nearly 4:00 AM and I am not sleeping. Tomorrow is gonna be great!
And it's the 22nd oh nice! \n
What A Shocker...
Finding Carter actually seems pretty interesting. Definately will be watching tomorrow... Because I have no life. Yaaaaay
Did you suddenly die of excitement when my text message came through?
Well this should be an exciting weekend
So apparently it's national ice cream, grilling, blueberry and UV month. They don't just give national months to just anything.
It's all about the 5%. No one else deserves an education.
Thank you for supporting my decisions
I'm just trying to cuddle up and rest my head on some titties, is that too much to ask? Haha
Wow. I'm very smart.....
It's a show with Tori Spelling and it's on ABC family. Totally sounds like a hit in the making
Thrilled to be back to work today...
I love this feeling so much that I wish it would just go the fuck away...
Thank you for getting stuck in my head! you gotta know when to...
I thought the times of waking me up wiv his tweets wer over... guess not... guess ill sleep at 4am today. . . Yey!
Wow, well done and , that's a step in the right direction
Oh good, Phil Coke!
At least there hasn't been too many adverts.
Time for a fun filled day of nothing today.
Such a subtle suggestion of plot from Mistresses there
did you know that opening sketchy attachments is a bad idea? or that your password shouldn't be \"1234\"? CUZ MY MIND IS BLOWN!
players are amazing. They suffer career threatening injury then bounce back into play when no penalty called.
Feeling like im the most important!
Hey ho, we still have '66
Wow that was...that was the sickest joke ever.
parents I babysit for stay out later than I do
I'm glad the refs are starting to make bad calls suddenly
Conservative Christian family and they homeschool?! What weirdos!
Got sisters birthday gifts. Good thing I got wrapping paper!
Seriously, the class some people in this town is awesome.
We're making great progress!
I couldn't be a great military leader... All my rousing battle speeches would be to and self deprecating
Great, another atheist that is a bible expert...
This weather is beautiful.
Love when you contact a company about a problem and their first response is to blame you. Great customer service.
When no one moves at a green light&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Wow , I'm sooooo glad your staff members are so competent and friendly.
I remember watching those Bulls-Jazz Finals games where Russell would outscore Jordan in their matchup. Oh wait.
Thank you Tlaloc!! Fuck me right?
One of my favorite things to do is inch along in traffic.
I wish I could be lackadaisical about my life, food intake and fake people by setting goals and not following through.
What? The World Cup is going on? I would have never known...no one is even flooding my timeline with comments...it's so strange.
Let me go on the forums and complain a bit.
Grandparents accidentally bought Sainsbury's premium lager thinking it was Stella
You know facebook has gotten bad when you start thinking to yourself "maybe i should just start using Linked In"
Poor Luis Suarez with his tender little teeth hurt. Chiellini you should be ashamed of yourself.
.no, but ping pong is and should be.
You wanna walk a mile in my shoes? You can keep the shoes when you're done.
Well its confirmed Mexico's fans are "classy".
I feel sorry for they have to put up with this garbage in the I'd leave early too.
My dog loves fireworks!!
Thank god I got 2000 fb friends to flood my newsfeed anytime an events comin up. I woulda never knew the today
That's like, important.
When a friend asks what I'm doing today, "oh go home and cry in bed because my father left when I was a baby."
Based on recent headlines, one might think Havex was just floating around destroying nuclear plants. It's basically Stuxnet, right?
Mock interviews in class today. Great.
Collecting Mort myre fungi is so fun
Just what I needed. :/
I mean if I heard growling I would totally go into a locked room b\/c I have a key right?
Oh, yay. Another player "promoted" to the AL East in exchange for prospects.
good job Angels
80+ deaths in three days? Sounds like to me
Fuckin hell Chile... Calm down eh! Between you lot and Holland, you're going to make England look negative &amp; average.
Dammit, who the hell closes on Independence Day?! &gt;_&lt; I know, but still.
Hey thanks for showing that kid crying his eyes out, that really made my day.
Well I just love when my friends shit talk me... Thanks guys...
new allegations it had misled investors Surely, another apology will be enough?
Anyone else's parents ruining their Saturday? Just me? Great.
LOL well I definitely don't think anyone on twitter is watching Argentina's game against Iran.
I really love the feeling that I'm not gonna see any of the people I met over the last week ever again in my life...
Is inspired by the story of the pens tanking for Mario?\n=wizard
You can't even notice.
.It was a tongue in cheek statement about people who say the same thing about cycling. My button is broken.
Because working Weekends is the new "TurnUp"
One of my friends has recently got a cat and now she's doing noting but sharing cat memes on Facebook.
Ow what a shame! What happened with the "Daleastreet" Emmy nomination ? They are the best and the favs, aren't they?
Farewell, Brooklyknight. We'll miss you. Sniff, sniff, tear
Oh no!!!! Danny Welbeck is a doubt for , Sat. The word, devastation, doesn't do the gutting feeling inside me right now justice
There's 3 or 4 folks tweeting about politics, culture + other unimportant things in the middle of the Copa. What's wrong with them?
Devin has a daughter? Whaaaat?!
can't wait to meet all the new douche bags coming to CCA.
One looks like a . The other looks like an . Bet the female viewers are going at the sight of them!
Let's have an interview with Tim Beck about random shit. Yeah, not even get down to brass tacks about scheme &amp; philosophy.
Man, I just LOVE episodes that are 90% flashback recap.
Ya know what I love about game trailers? EDM
Decided 2gt rid of some clothes.. Getn rid of a 3shirts &amp; 2tops.. Wow.. That's gna make my clothes hanger last so much longer..
Yes!! Work till 10!
If the needed a shooter, why not take Aaron Craft?
I love the smell of cow shit when I run just as much as when I step in it! PS catch up +
But obviously the Israelis would never hurt anyone
Sooooo apparently I tweet a lot. Here's to 1000!
I wonder if he'll wear 11?
Back+shoulder pain, toothache, headache and feeling sick. This and the joys of two infections. Isn't this fun?
Fun fact: I've been awake for over 20 hours and I'm can't sleep until I finish this quiz. I get up in 4 hours... Can't wait.
The man in the car.
Pretty average day of soccer today, then. Nothing too special.
What an inspiring performance by Brazil today
It's really nice to know you care about me this much
Yay for bad internet and pop-ups\n\n
America forces democracy on Iraq and now they're overthrowing it.
I like our house better with scaffolding anyway!
Idk about Eric but it think this puffy, teary face I got going on is the CUTEST
and wit x
A puncture is just what I needed before I go back to work tomorrow
I can put you in a beach house... Right on the edge of Costa Rica. -PainKnew
Unfair on , robbed of d MOTM,shud have been 5 in 5,dint u see d that 40m thru ball &amp; that miss
Just did a beautiful rendition of "a moment like this"
Best social media teams! You're doing it right!
If it doesn't go your way, why try to understand why it didn't...?
Yay I'm not asleep yet
coughed so hard I puked... love it
Bony has an impressive goal scoring record, but I wouldn't buy him on FIFA, so he's not good enough!
It's so nice how I got home three days ago and my mom is going to Cancun in three days.
So glad is still providing great network coverage until I have to switch over!
Why no, I don't really need your internet service today. Nobody is waiting to get things from me as promised.
Currently wearing an oversized T-shirt and Nike shorts. Like if only the Hirt has sorority letters.
Thunder still scares me. So does heavy winds and rains. I feel very lucky right now
Imagnie that out wne where at !!!
So Glad didn't get back to me today. Love not being able to work.
.ground delivery taking 11 days to ship my package from Nevada to Ohio. That's awesome. \n
Yep MS13 gang memebers aren't dangerous at all.
Biggest group of mature people.
Working out of town on a Saturday yay..
Fireworks are the WORST.
If the Fed were to change the color of the dots on its plot from blue to green, would shares of $GDOT go up on the news?
5 followers and 1,202 views on our google+ page. oooh we sooo popular!
Congrats to , you win one game, blow another and end with a tie and lose the third and advance to the next round.
I shower naked
BEST DAY EVER!
Lol @ me for being so photogenic
Para nada disfrute el partido de hoy JAJAJAJA y mis amigas ni se diga
Just spend 2 weeks cleaning this bathroom.
Hottentott is actually considered a derogatory term. What a shock that the Dutch coined it.
This day just keeps getting better and better
Frieri got out of it. And more Star Wars music! Woooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!
Oh I'm so upbeat
So he was willing to make a trade for 23rd pick (Paul Martin?) to move up 11 spots in a deal Nashville was already winning
Angels knock Happ out in 5th. TOR down 4-2 trying to snap 4-gm skid. At this rate, O's will clinch by All Star break.
Yup. I obviously mattered to you.
I jogged for 5 mins then laid in bed for an hour.
I just love Miami and how they flop
I just love when I text or snapchat someone and they just open it and don't reply back!
Less than 22 hours to taking the . Not freaking out at all &lt;/&gt;
My taxi man is a real fuckin talker
OMG THANKS MR. ROBBINS FOR TEACHING ME SO MUCH THIS YEAR NO DOUBT IM GONNA ACE MY FINAL
Why isn't the Welsh number 7 wearing a blue scrum cap? Bloody turks taking the Welsh jerseys
I never know what to do with myself on my days off. Thank god dad loves to have me work all day.
What a great start to an amazing summer!!
Both of you crack me up .
Shit! Fly.fm belanja lagu lah sial! Apache if I'm not mistaken!
My luck is looking good this week
Does anyone else think the Spurs look a little sluggish?
on same breadth will u say Modi's India nd 's seemandhra? ?
We're just in this racket to promote our religion.
Can't wait for to pivot from 24/7 coverage to next weeks commentary
I love how I only get noticed for the bad shit I do but never for the good BEST FEELING EVEEER!
But they're textbooks, they *can't* be biased!
amek gambar selfie tapi caption 'selamat berbuka'. eh dkt muka awak ada makanan ke dik?
I love driving 2 hours to take care of a customer that needed you there ASAP and they're not here!
So glad I have people I can count on to jump in &amp; help; so glad I can count on people I hire to do the rest.
Now all those soccer leagues of 9 yr olds can celebrate &amp; dream of making it to the World Cup! . But it's still fun to win.
What a beautiful weekend! So glad I get to spend it at work. : (
McCutchen. RT : Nobody has an answer. What did you want them to get for Ike? You're the GM. What did you want?
Nets basically get rid of one bridge burner, and will hire another if they mess with Mark Jackson. NICE!
Roy coaching Remparts in Mem. Cup yr.? RT : Patrick Roy &amp; Joe Sakic news conference Thursday. Should be very interesting.
The team I wanted to join germany in the final was Honduras, now that's not gonna happen haha
Happy True Blood is tweeting spoilers of last night's ep when I haven't been able to see it yet. I know I'm a little late but, yeah
Always like to start the day with a nice big core dump. Windows I do love you I'm not at all pissed I'll lose all my mornings work
I just love the World Cup, because it brings out the best in people
That's very wise guys
Living dangerously today! Didn't wash off my strawberries before eating them.
I love being woken up by my parents fighting downstairs. this is gonna be a great day.
The annual 'as soon as the weather warms up I get a cold' cold is here. YES! ?
Back to work 2mora. Can't wait!!
Believe it or not espresso and coffee ice cream are the same thing who would have known!
I love that when I express myself I get weird looks. it feels awesome.
Amaaaai das kei hard gij hebt mij geblokkeerd ofwaaaa
Jangan sokong penjajah. Lolz.
Suarez bite another player...surely not....
Oh, oh, oh!! We MIGHT have some progress on your 24hour aka 5day SLA Spotify!
I'm so glad you bother to care about my accomplishments...
Tyson Kidd is more concerned about winning than whether Natalya is OK or not. Great husband.
Elise can make french fries apparently ... color me impressed -_-
Shopping at H&amp;M with my hella fine tattered and worn steel-toe boots.
More GM recalls today: Every Chevy, Cadilliac, Buick and Oldsmobile beginning with model year 1931, the automaker says
Everyone is on their phones here..
Nothing says "I'm a bad ass" like flipping off the camera.
Good idea, Williams.
Love those night where everything crosses my mind and wont stop
That should be me
Evolution is the science of the liars.
Happy 5th Of July!
It's gonna be a day of coffee, multitasking, and customers!
My morning will soon be spent in the DMV.
Yay won by beating a midget
THANKS to Alicia people from my school have found me. This is great, so fantastic. LOVING THIS.
Late night Mcdanks with
First the wifi stops working, now the power goes out. This is turning into a fabulous day
Bet my neighbors are gonna love my trucks new air horn.
lol i love everybodyyy.
Is having fun RTwell that 1st quarter was awesome and fun to watch
Hooray for today!
That was awesome
good for you
\"Hang in taft?\" \"You're not from taft :))\"
yeah just sitting here editing a video.... the video made me jump out my seat.... i'm not on edge or anything, no.
I did find out the cause of my random bruising...the 81mg aspirin I've been taking daily per ob\/gyn.
I love getting paid to eat lunch.
Nearly done. Saturdays are so satisfying when your working and not getting paid for it.
Need some homemade cupcakes? Stop by and get a baker's dozen!
Don't launch your campaign until it's PERFECT! Ads, creative, copy, research, tech, pricing, data, etc. Also, don't go outside
issuing Threats that will be ignored again is a traitor as he is a who WANTS the
The weather today is amazinnn!
Was asked by a coworker if I ever wear my hair down. Nope. I just bun it all my life.
You never cease to amaze me.
Oh really?! That's cute!
Wait, the Jets released Mike Goodson???? Looks like someone would have said something....
Here's a big bag of fuck off to keep you occupied.. Sir. . That's right. I think things I would never say..
Home before dark without any plans to work on office stuff further tonight.
This feeling is just wonderful right now.
Sorry honey, but falls out of my mouth just like falls from yours .
Really enjoying doing nothing now that I don't have a job.
Refugees = partisan card houses... seems plausible.
Woo, watch out... He'll rob a car as he's that out of control drunk... .
Successfully changed a flat tire, alone, in a bikini, on a dirt road. Thanks YouTube! And buddy that drove by without stopping
My dad isnt on Twitter or Facebook or Snapchat so I guess I'll have to actually say happy fathers day to his face..
Tomorrow is going to be fun at work.
The Spurs get the best passer in the draft? No way....
I think Brazil is just trying to get this game to penalty kicks
Eh I don't need to see fireworks now. Everyone posted them on social media. Thank guys.
Birthday coming soon!!!! I'm so happy!!
Such a beautiful day
Getting ready for Annual today... A house full of Bakers = &amp; great food
I love 100000000 second long snap chat stories !
Fanfiction is my right to freedom of speech
Gotta stop and admire the irony here. Gods here I am trying to be more social and there's no one here.
Really glad AJ Burnett went to the Phils because he wanted to be on a team that has a chance to win a World Series
lol I'm starting to say love a lot now... Haha I'm probs British...
I seriously wish I could be as cool as you with my vape in class omg
Today I will mostly be doing health and safe stuff .... finishing project and revising for the exam on Friday!
I love sitting in my black SUV with a dead battery. Yes bring on the hot weather. Sun, scorch me as I bake in my car.
I picked the perfect day to shower in the morning....
Time to celebrate the 200th time listening to the "Frozen" soundtrack!
Today is the biggest decision in my entire summer. Alice or Skyrim
I The &amp;
What am i gonna do without Andy Townsend in my life after the World Cup?
Yes mom lets take pics of the storm instead of seeking shelter in the basement
Just love when I have to be the adult in a situation where a person that is ten years older than me is being immature
I love coming home when everyone is in a bad mood.
Brazil and the ref doing a great job keeping Colombia on check ... Colombia needs to get bold
hey, tweet more about the germany vs brazil game
Another biting acusation for Suarez?!?! Surprise, surprise
season finale tonight. *sigh* There won't be nothing good on TV for a while. Well ... there's always .
no more basketball for months now... yay.
Now begins the dumb commercials and even more worthless coverage of for the next 4 months
The only England defence to keep a clean sheet this World Cup had Phil Jones and Chris Smalling in it. Promising times indeed.
Watching videos with the bae.
If I could sweat more that would be great.
When people don't respond &gt;&gt;&gt;
I cant wait for work tomorrow im gone L.U.V this meeting
Chile had it now Jo is coming on
Flipping through all the things on our APPLE TV we can't watch since we don't have cable... That makes sense!
I love being sent off !
I love the fact that my day starts at 9am with my favorite lesson in the world.
Born into Hell to one day die nd maybe go to Hell. Isnt life great? ...
I'm glad that my feeds aren't filled with your inaccurate "news" articles.
I love trixie...
Never touch anything with half of your heart, but if you must, well make sure yours is a good heart.
Such a shock that would put out a pro-MLS\/anti-pocket listings article not written by a third party.
Breaking news a team with no practice together is being out rotated. I don't think anyone would have saw this coming.
but my mom kept talking to me like I am a complete dumb ass that knows nothing about anything. thanks for the motivation mom!!!!!! .
What a beautiful day for the half marathon!
We need MORE commercials on screen during baseball games. We don't get enough during the game as it is.
How in the world am I so lucky as to get chosen to work all eight hour shifts for the entire weekend? Fri, Sat, &amp; Sun. So. Lucky.
Jj has the coolest snapchats ever
Extremists (in whatever religion)=Ppl who belive God is a stupid as He created the differences
Nothing better than working from 6 am to 6 pm
Thanks for remembering :(
Oh my god everyone has that bathing soon.
Breaking news: Al-Queda has voiced their support of Ilian Shovlin and 's toward
I believed in the 76ers for a second... Why pick a guy who can't play for 2 years?
The Spurs coach sure is classy....
I love 12hour shifts soooo much
You're right universe, my week did totally need to be blue shelled!
There's a school event on Wednesday and I'm working. What a shame.
It's amazing how much work the other person is willing to do when you stop putting in all the effort to keep the friendship alive.
I just love how my father doesn't support my dreams.
Servers are down...I love technology!
I feel so good right now
ONM why are you so professional?
A dogapus = dog + octopus I will make this hybrid on my 300th birthday !!
I love driving my sister around...
Chewing on some green coffee beans and drinking some raspberry ketones
Do you want to increase your Twitter mentions by, like, a lot? Bite another soccer player. \"News\" I wake up to.
I speak fluent
Could this day get any better?!
I love when there is no food in my house
Wow, no one saw that one coming
This college is pissing me off. I already paid for my shit and their saying I didnt. . . .
I'm really enjoying this heatwave.
Nice to have a system we can all have faith in, isn't it?
It's nice when someone can reply to your with instead of just getting offended.
I just LOVE having to go out in the pouring rain to flip the breaker switch.
Malaysians who CAN'T spell Khmer Rouge / Agent Orange ARE 99.99% QUITE LIKELY able to spell Slobodan Milosevic / depleted uranium.
. I believe it is called
It must be apparent that my name is Welcome, and my physical appearance is rectangular, jagged, rough, and built for soles.
Getting ignored is so much fun
To add to Liverpool's woes, Luis Alberto has gone on loan at Malaga
Glad to see you've got you're life together.
RT : Kobe's been washed since 2011 and yall saying he better than Duncan. Get that BS outta here.
I love they make watching a live sporting event so much better
When wearing a bikini,women reveal 90% of their body....men are so polite they only look at the covered parts
Hey colombians, so I guess FIFA, referees and Satan decided to stop helping Brazil huh
Mostly sunny and warmer today. Highs in the middle 80s. 90s for the weekend with the heat and humidity returning.
Saturday shifts are da bomb
I didn't climb to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian...\n
Omg I made a treasury on today. All things I obviously need. So if anyone wants to make any donations.....
Today has been wonderful.
Wait?! Is this the lady from Rent!? "No mom, she's from wicked." "Oh, I thought it was Idina"
I would like to say, the only guy reporting Lebron to Cleveland is the guy who didn't vote Lebron 1st team. I'm sure he has sources
So jealous of going to principal camp this summer
RT Hamas is certainly not guilty of 'collective punishment' for stating in their charter that they want to kill Jews
Noooooo... Keep talkin we een ready
Having a great time in berlin-the capital city of our favourite neighbour country
Are England playing today?
Can always rely on mum to make me feel great about my looks &amp; lift my self esteem
I love pulling weeds and mulching my yard for 3 hours, just so I can then go to work for 8 hours.
It's \"fun\" that I have to miss a work party because I have to work at my other job. I LOVE MULTIPLE PART TIME JOBS.
Enjoying a relaxing day at the fire house.
Lawros by far my favourite co commentator at this World Cup
As an introvert, I absolutely LOVE being forced to talk about my feelings.
A German scores from the penalty spot. Shocking. 1-0
Subtweeting gets you so far in life.
College kids are an interesting bunch... They share my charming
It's important not to lose your first game in the world cup. BLOODY BRILLIANT INSIGHT.
Really delighted with the latest Windows update which has kindly removed the nuisance that is the Internet from my laptop. 10\/10
Two mtgs before 8a. Oh today, you're already one of my favorites.
The nerve of Lebron James to write an S.I Exclusive Letter! The ego on that guy!
Muller scored? No way
Yeah that's totally going to get you SOOO far in life.
Love being woken up at 5:30am by door slamming &amp; finding a disgustingly drunk man in my bathroom
Dance like no one's watching.
Actually we don't need a forum to find out. It's public knowledge. However it's also a matter of perception.
A welcome to all the new free agents signing in Philly today... Wait a second...
Oh don't I just love being replaced
What?! Amazon really DID announce a phone? I'm so surprised.
Korea has totally got this...
Pedro Alvarez gonna start carrying the club any day now.
It's so great when my favourite clothes come out of the wash a different colour, that's definitely my favourite thing
Lol! That's cute!
I slept like a baby last night knowing that we've locked up Thorburn for three years.
If this went into OT I wouldn't be surprised.
on my last tweet for you vatos that think I'm serious. Lol
The service at Wal-Mart today is tremendous.
Told the old man to download an app to track how far he walks, his reply:\n\n'3.5 miles in 1hr 15 mins based on a mapp'\n\n
Looks like the won't be signing Derek Fisher since he took a coaching job with the Knicks.
Another day in Paradise...
One third of women abused, but their abusers knew they wanted it, right?
San Antonio is a classy place.....
Well I hit my first deer tonight. That's was cool I guess...
I love being a third wheel.
: there's nothing me n' like more than moonshine-soaked blueberries.
Thanks dad. I really needed that update on my mother. Yep. Awesome start to my day.
Great job, security . These guys need a good old fashioned American ass kicking.
Derek Fisher to coach the Knicks? I did not see that coming!
super happy that i have to go to work and miss the brazil/chile game!
I do so enjoy when *insert networking site of choice* suggests random people I "know".
Yay, 'I was a lesbian but missed sex' conversion. Wow how I love this patient story...
Oh thank god, Wade is back on the floor!
Being a big sister is fun
What a coincidence...the product is made in the electorate of the member asking the question...
Big day in the Big Ten.... Maryland and Rutgers officially join the conference! ?!
The song Turn Down For What is truly a song that represents our generation, makes me so proud.
Well this day is going well so far
apparently rugby has turned in toAmerican football &amp; you dont have 2 place the ball on the ground.. It just has to be in your arms
That goal was alright. Wow.
Wow black stars well done.
Its days like today when I miss the old outside workouts inside
Nothing says fun like drum brakes
You have an inferiority complex and it is fully justified.
Rain delay at Road America HAS to be all because of IMSA and their driver's ratings.
sociopathic child 2: \"dad? Where's your anus?\"\nNeanderthal: \"fuck off!\"\nThe parenting skills of this man are, like, sooooo amazing
Everyone in my family is a specialist. They've all dealt with this and they've delivered 100's of babies a piece.
I don't understand. Why are there fireworks going off? Aren't they still illegal?
My summer so far has been a blast!
Ceremony finally over. Can't think of a better place I'd rather be for 2 hours before the reception than McBain, MI.
Had to Google "Burner phone". Good to hear criminals can save money with $10 phone.
Lotsa saves get made lying on your back like you're at the beach.
Abeg which button I go press for PES 2014 make Suarez bite player
They get one back on the 90th minute. There goes the clean sheet
thanks for being there when I need you
I'd like to thank all of my 167 followers for always favoriting and retweeting my posts! You guys are the best!
I'm trying so desperately to stay awake for very dumb reasons
Pepe does what Pepe does! Red! Love this guy.. Makes difficult for his teammates.. Gets the best out of them!
LeBron opts out of his contract. ESPN is about to blow this up to the max!
Tonight is so live.
Two gentlemen couldn't find the bathroom and are being helped off the field, that's all.
Playing from behind, that's different. ...........
Wait for someone a few hours is a really wonderful time! Keep it up!
Dear Dick and Liz Cheney: Can't wait for your op-ed tomorrow in the re: Iraq situation
Loves when people cry about not getting enough hours at work, yet always call out or want to leave early when they are there
I love when I tell people there's nothing I can do and they continue to bitch for 20 minutes. It's fun talking in circles
LOOOOOVEE when my plans pan out
Drunk people are fantastic
I lucked out in the parents department.
When you learn the basics of Faroese.. Yes let me just pop over to the HUGE Faroe Islands to use this well spoken, popular language
aims to aid USA household savings
It feels like a summers morning outside &amp; its only the middle of June!
Nothing like a cold shower against my will to start my day because the gas line is turned off
Another thrilling England game.
My town is so fun
On the plus side, furys of friday.... yay!
good luck to daddy who's currently suffering with a huge stack of reports to write
Like really, thanks for making my day. The best ever.
Instead of getting a tattoo in Japanese, just get one in English. It makes perfect sense.
Great showing this series !
Route 18 is what dreams are made of
Is it possible to detect in the written word? The U.S. government wants to create a detector for . Really....
Daaamn, that's the most difficult thing about footy!
Haha. Riiiiiiight. Germans don't get emotional. Haha. Well then. I Miss your calm, gentile &amp; non emotional self!
I LIKE THE NO FOUL ON KAGAWA WHERE HIS FEET WERE CLIPPED... HE SHOULD'VE FLOPPED TO DRAW IT
I'm glad I didn't smile too long or a lot in high school.
I love having 14 mosquito bites. YESSSSS
Yes, please put the dog out while I'm mowing the lawn. That should help. . . a lot.
Anu feeling ng chinuchupa?
WTF can't believe Fryatt isn't joining until 1st July, no commitment anymore bet he's on his jollys with SP, clubs a shambles
This time of year you can see guys with shirts off with scooters riding around town. Sexyyyyyyyy
Great performance by the Cubs today
.Yeah, that no good, awful lady. She's changed video games so much. All of a sudden they've stopped being fun.
I take it back, now TRAIL 4-3. The brilliant Joe Girardi everyone.
Birthda Birthday coming soon!!! I'm so happy!!! &lt;3\n
Nothing like missing world up quarter finals and Wimbledon men's and ladies finals because I'm working, hooray
Because reading Junji Ito manga right before you go to sleep is *always* a good idea.
Pulled him out the game just in the nick of time.
No the sabres lost John Scott! At least he went to the sharks though! My favorite player in the NhL
Oh did I mention the AC is broken? That's fun.
My level of has gotten to the point where i don't even know if I'm kidding or not. via
Oooh. The Cadets have some nice uniforms this year.
I love how this day just continues to improve.
Yea soccer..go team.
this is my favorite. -____-
Service with a smile
I love when people think they have maturity! I wish I had as much as you did hun, but it seems you have taken the whole damn supply
Ray Nagin, former mayor of New Orleans during Katrina was convicted today of bribery and $ laundering - this is my shocked face!
So Germany has scored a touchdown and Brazil has just gotten an extra point giving Germany a 7-1 lead over Brazil. Is that correct?
I mean aside from the meth...
Everyones so joyous today!!!! I love it!
no one knows the meaning of anything but who cares right? lol.. let's \"T.U.\"\n
Wtf, reporter said \"tiki taka tada\"
There's some class on show in this game
Because nothing says like a right on schedule.
All the soccer players have voices like an angel
, love it when men decide whats right for women
Doesn't look like his abuse was that bad
In even BETTER news Brooklyn 911 is the only show that isn't messed up on my tv.
I love the feeling, of feeling like shit
If he buys you food Who cares if he cheats and lies and is abusive. As long as he buys you food
Guess it's just me my comp and calc for the rest of the day
Oh joy, on my day off next week I'm gonna have to go to college campus to register for my classes
Fuck. Didn't think of that one. Good job August.
Raining again. What a shocker
Ice pack on right foot....now joined by ice pack on lower back....great end to the week
And now for a fun-filled weekend on watching my sister play field hockey
'Massive problem indeed now there is no doping in cycling anymore
Omg, its 2014 and people still fast Ramadan! xD
Hey thanks to your lovely six-packs and their glue I just lost 6 bottles worth of beer and I'm bleeding. Awesome.
Man this World Cup is so boring... Like seriously another shoutout???
but yeah, stormfront is so much like me they dont believe in races
So glad our secret of having a problem down the left didn't get exposed!!!
Thanks (not really) to Cons' gutting -- , , , hardly institutions in 2nd largest country.
So LeBron and Melo are both free agents... Anyone think it's about time for the NBA to hand the Celtics another title?
Facebook box says update your status not write the story of your life! Good thing twitter has a limit.
word I got a physical tomorrow you know what that means, way too pumped
No good news lately.... feels great
Tropical storm watch wooooo
Watching on in Spanish.
Omg Ronaldo is sooo good, that was like such an amazing shot.
I would say that it's not the camera , I am actually pretty.
Really hoping I don't slide past number 3 overall in the draft tomorrow wiggins and Parker don't got shit on me!!!!
Love being excluded
That was the worst tornado ever. My house almost blew away...
Great Joke \": In the 1960's, CIA field agents would occasionally prank each other by slipping each other LSD.\"
SM, YOU NEVER FAIL TO AMAZE ME..
so I have to wake up early tomorrow cause my neighbours are idiots, makes sense...
Pretty Little Liars on my birthday? How did I get so lucky?
Oh yes: \"Mommy, I'm just 'so scared' of the menacing , and the line of questioning.
Just in : FIFA decides to cancel Semifinal 2. Argentina and Netherlands would face Germany together instead!! :D\n
It's funny when is lost on some people.
It's nice to be made to feel like you're in some way contaminated.
When the bae reads and doesn't reply so you eat them whole
I'm watching this show about buffering on . It's the best new show.
HAVE YOU NOT HEARD OF IT
I can't wait to watch for the next week and hear all about Lebron for 24hrs a day
i forgot your name
I love not having AC in this truck when it's only 96 degrees outside.
Really love my open concept office and hearing people argue about Lebron.
Mario Maker won't have multiplayer!??!!? Well that's it I'm not buying THAT piece of shit
So you have a horrible teenage life. Let me insert my Dawson's Creek for you.
Best part of a shower is the concert I perform.
Well done Kilkenny .....
I can't imagine any other way I would want to spend my Wed eve/ Thu am than hanging out in the New Orleans airport.
Follow me a random, useless, not working individual posting whatever the fuck and trying to get off while doing it.
Love reading moaning tweets about players we haven't signed, for a season that hasn't started.
It's 3:30 in the fucking morning, what a great time for a panic attack.
Yeah blame the camel.
How immature of you to delete me from Facebook. I am so hurt.
I love it when no one texts me back.
There's an empty bed but is trying to cuddle with all of us... Smh
Just got another Heat Advisory warning from LiveNation for the DMB shows this weekend. Yay! I really love hot weather.
Just saw some of the rising class having a GREAT time....
Before Finals I didn't know I followed so many Spurs fans.
How many rebels and local kids can you transport with one captured Iraqi army humvee?
Anyway, back to work. Yay.!
I am so happy to be on a plane during the game...
Work at 6 am. Lovely. Oh wait...
Oh how I love traffic
jesus christ i think dukat (sp?) is even worse than whatsisface the tailor in terms of being hard to understand
Conversations wid vegetable vendors. Anger @ infleshion increasing evry week. Whisers growing
What was the score - missed it
I love cleaning up after printing! It's so fun! I especially love cleaning the font!
to be fair to the ref, he does have a huge job! ...to decide whether its a foul or not
Brolly loves Tyrone..
Pumped to be watching the NBA draft right now.
Its not like u can't go to local Planned Parenthood and get birth control.oh no i dont get it for free.the horror
I just realized that i creep on people, but the even scarier fact that someone might be creeping on me
I love how you freaking try to act like you know everything.
My knee looks so awesome. Sidewalks are the evil!
Tonights review: T'was mostly ....I am unhappy.... :( .
Watch Suarez take out a full page ad in the echo tanking Liverpool and the fans when he's finally freed from his personal nightmare
Look out. is on.
Hey. You can't hit those here...
I'm surprised there aren't more tweets about the
I love waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to get back to sleep.
Because watching guys play video games is my favorite thing to do.
Good lord I go to a school full of indomitably classy girls.
OMG!! I have 100 followers!!
Someone needs to invent a font for
No power and phone battery at 3%... this is probably the last time anyone will hear from me.
You're really showing me that I'm "your girl."
Thank you, for fucking making my day.
Hey Your time is coming.. looked great against ..
So I went charter fishing .. Had one bud heavy got sea sick and puked.. Couldn't keep anything I caught .. Life is awesome
Playing Gears of War 3 offline is so much better then playing it online \n\n
Jeesh, I can't even get a naked borrow on $CYNK
...thank you for not putting Krul in
Pooop. Had a fucking awesome day.
NYC Mayor DeBlasio's non-stop &amp; frisk policy is really working. . Gun violence spiking in all boroughs.
I did find out the cause of my random bruising...the 81mg aspirin I've been taking daily per ob/gyn.
Buong araw nanonood habang nakahiga. grabe konting hiya naman.
Mom just woke up for work and noticed I was awake, her face was priceless when I told her I was ready to start my day
First night in the books. Get to have fun all day tomorrow
Your American League Starting 3rd Baseman EVERYONE!
Jay would totally have caught that...
Anyone else higher than me also dancing to to Gotta Man by Eve thinking of their love for ?
I can't wait to have to constantly hear fireworks tonight while I'm trying to sleep
A 14 working hour week...why is life so hard?!
So excited to be working all day when the weather is this beautiful!!
Did Kelvin Tatum ever ride for Lakeside/Arena Essex? Never has a good thing to say about them!
Great anticipation for the drive home tomorrow!\n
Man, ESPN is really going low-key on the coverage of this LeBron free agency thing.
What better way to thank those who have fought or are fighting for our freedom than to post a selfie, right?
I never watch soccer but I'm going to watch the now because everybody else is.
There are sooo many fans in the stadium tonight for the match ...
Oh thank The Lord? Our savior Evan Reed is warming up
Oh awesome! I've woken up with a lovely head cold this morning
Sooo it's so fun, I love when so many people text me at once
Don't mind us we are just spilling our guts if this is love I don't wanna be hanging by the neck b4 an audience of death
Any time im having a bad day, I read the random/misplaced inspirational captions on people's selfies and suddenly, I feel better
Why did I stop twitter I'm fucking hilarious
First day of summer vacation has already been such an exciting day -at-it's-finest
Dear unfollowers , Once I get free from Twitter , I'll find you out chase you and beat the hell out of you
Sun is in the sky
You're already asking....
Ever wondered why moths fly with their legs open - holy fuck have u seen the size of mothballs ?
So my brother deleted my snapchat im not angry at all !!
Love it when people, take forever to text back.. Better yet, when they don't text back at all...
I wish my favorite beers came in special edition cans
when I say 'good luck with that' i'm being
where have you been for so long
Only cops should have guns
Greatest weekend ever!!!!!\r
my brother is pissed because oH NO, HE CAN'T WATCH BLEACH.
Jordan wouldn't have needed to dummy it. He would've scored himself. Pirlo is too passive for me.
NSW won . I can sleep so well knowing this awesome piece of information.
Load shedding again. Well done SA!
You know you're best friends when you tweet in the same format.
In my opinion 22 Jump Street was better than the first one.
I'm not sure if there's a Luke Bryan concert today or not with all these pictures
Forte is at 92 Dez is below brown and Johnson? This list is accurate
Food waste from last Thursday was actually collected today...I nearly fainted with shock
Rich democrat, bitch, so I'm just a candidate to come fuck up the whole party.
We have a plane! Only 110 minutes late. Keep up the good work .
Voy a reunir a mi grupo para ir a celebrar a la minerva
Yaaaaay go soccer team.
Oh you know don't text me back it's cool, happens all the time
Toma agua de jamaica para eliminar liquidos
Give Mueller the whole penalty area why dont you Brazil
Another biasth ref, well done fifa!
Who else is lucky enough to get up at 5 am for an all day swim meet on the fourth?
EYE want YOU to know, that I'm HAPPY for YOU.... and EYE wish NOTHING but, the BEST for you BOTH
If your good deeds make God happy with you, you don't need Jesus. (2:21)
oh I just love waiting on people.
Can't wait for Jimmy Carr on Tuesday!
Suuuuuper excited for my 16 hour day tomorrow...
followed me on twitter...because why not?
Oh no, no Ronaldo!
How I love flying standby
I see the nats are showing us their forgiving natures, how they accept apologies &amp; how we're all going to get along after 19th Sept
Man. Just imagine the massive baby boom that is going to happen now.
Now that the Redskin's name is changed, shall we take a crack at the Eskimos?
Glad I can have such a great day.
Good work flame you did a great job of explaining that. :P
I love it when I have the sudden urge to paint in the middle of the night.
Yay I can't sleep that's fantastic
Nothing says quite like a individual NY style cheesecake.
Firework safety at it's finest tonight!
Stress vomiting is the best shit my body has ever discovered
Love how my family support me in what I want to do!
waiting for a day full of in-law fun...
I love to be told to hurry. It always works, too. I instantly move faster and more cooperatively.
I should've played Spec Ops tomorrow instead. Perfect game for 4th of July.
Lol wow perfect timing!
Peter Collins is a superb commentator, probs the best I've ever had the pleasure of hearing. I swear I dont have the telly on mute.
In sensitive, okay.
S/O to whoever gave my number to a bunch of Creepy Guys..
Shocker. LeBron goes for more money.
* Oh, well that's fair
Wow thanks dad, I just love for you to come home &amp; automatically pick apart everything I do wrong, it's my favorite part of the day
I'm a very funny person
The world cup is back
Penalties are an amazing way of using 2 roles to judge 22 players.
It's only raining a little
im a brooklyn baaabyyy
I can't process meat anymore. Thank you vegan father.
in bed. What an amazing night -,-
Me: You hate me? Girl: yes! Me: I love you
in case it wasn't coming through clearly enough
Yes, I did just turn on ESPN to watch Wimbledon
sat on my bed listening to music with me squares crisps and inbetweeners on wooooo!!!! xD
If this doesn't make boys be attracted to me, I honestly don't know what will.
Yep, Clive had no say over PUP carbon tax position. Jacqui Lambie picked up the phone to Al Gore to get climate change advice...
Almost "home" ?
I'm so good at talking to girls I should write a book about it.
Yeah, those Kevin Love bracelets will really be a hit.
I'll probably come off as mean when you first meet me,but after you really get to know me, you'll find out that I'm actually meaner.
I wonder if LeBron is trending
Man i probably live with the smartest people ever!!!!
I'm glad they can practice their privilege and openly carry firearms wherever they go.
I like you better when you're a thousand arm lengths away.
Of course the highlight of will be the huge parade of our awesome military might down the . Ya right.
'Since it's raining, we probably won't be painting, but instead, splitting wood.' Awesome. My weekend just got a lot more fun.
Cena wins!That was so not predictable... \nRoman wins yep we all knew that's gonna happen...I prefer Bray Wyatt as a champion!
love how my professor answered my email but ignored my questions. Very professional!
u2 . kita org biasa mcm ni la hidup . pak cik john , pak cik u2 , jd teman la sebelum tidur
Lmfao!!!! You're so funny
What if Jessica is actually dating Kris and that's why she was asking if she should go to China
Gotta love 2hr long bus rides
Hey you, ! A poser of ? :) Can't you just? Ugh. -_- \n\n|| KATHNIEL SPIKERS ||\n-KN admin
I feel so great rn
It's amazing how quickly the spawns of , themselves fed fat on Qaddafi's lunch money, are suddenly considered as terrorists.
Why aren't there more surveys for middle-class white chicks?
Neuer or Mignolet? Hmm.........
Kourtney Kardashian anounces she's pregnant? I now know I can die happy.
Think the Huskers can get Osborne to break out the fire extinguisher for the tunnel walk
\": Having way too much fun on my Saturday night... \"
Sterling off? He having a laugh? Well done Woy! You know what you're doing!
Going out for dinner. That's unusual for me. LOL
\": \"\n\nWhew! I do know you! :-)
To be fair, the home opener has kinda popped up outta nowhere. It's not like they announced the 2014 schedule 5 months ago.
Obviously he's just saying what Obama told him to say
Another year and I missed the again! Someone really needs to remind me next year in advance when they're on.
The first reaction should be overreaction, it really does work out better for everyone
Mhm ya don't you just love early morning swim meets?!??
How great to learn how to put in laminate flooring both beautiful days of the weekend, not even mine.
Parsons headed to the Mavs? aaahhh shiiiieettt, championship is calling...lmaooooo
oh do i ever just love kids
I cant wait for work, Wendys is the Funnest place to work
Once again, thank you for doing nothing to stop this. I \/really\/ appreciate it.
Tim Hortons Field won't be ready!? I'm shocked!! Shocked, I tells ya!!
whooo-hooo free soccer. I love overtime. Hope it goes to penalty kicks.
Y'all...they spent pocket change on the name of our stadium, sign that petition. It will definitely matter.
Great time and day for a work meeting
No 7/11, Chick-Fil-A, or Krispy Kreme in the area... Boy oh boy do I love Pottsville :)
If Derek Fisher is as good of a head coach as he was the NBA Players' Union President, the Knicks are going to be entertaining.
Oh strategic planning, how I missed ye.
Yay! Tornado watch until 4am!
Monks dedicated to studying religion and theology!? What!?
Tithes paid. Bills paid. Now to go clock another 8 hours at CSN. Who said grown life isn't fun?
Wait I'm not sure, did Dempsey score?
I think my timeline told me the Spurs won tonight....not quite sure.
Happy birthday to me
I'm tired of deflecting emails every month about which companies I want to invest in with my mutual funds.
Calling it, Spain makes a 5 goal comeback in 3 minutes.
Would be such a shame if Suarez aggravated his injury
Watching Titanic all by myself. That's how a Friday evening should be.
Hey , is , , and lack of seriousness in The Illegal Targeting of Americans Decorum?
Bloody Khawarij make these children in live in dire circumstances.
Haha, lol. Oh shit yeah, they weren't linked in the press. I forgot that's how your logic works.
The last day of 25 really has been the cherry on top of a fantastic year
Nothing says Sunday evening fun quite like fire ants and a black widow on your back porch.
I knew Rusev won... wat a surprise... NOT
This Monday keeps getting better and better.
LOOOOOOVVVEEE when people don't text me back
17 hours work days are the best.
Oh cool I have an 800 word essay due in an hour... FUCKING AWESOME!!
Stanley Bay Primary quiz, here we come.
First day of summer and I'm sick in bed. Yaaaaay
This is all because Andy Murray has a female coach!
If you don't want a answer, then don't ask a stupid question!
If I'm not in your TL, you're missing out on some real gold..
Well the first piece of construction falls in and kills 2. Great job
Being sick on the 4th of July is awesome.
Oooo Fun working with my \"fave\" ppl!
Hey thanks everyone, I almost forgot I was graduating today
Good dammit I got a stupid ear infection
That's a shame.
My prayers go out to those in the \nWar can be horrifying &amp; harrowing, I hope they make it out without injuries or PTSD\n
is Ocoha a free agent?
That moment your friends say you remind them of Megara from Hercules
Thats exactly what I wanted to see tonight.
Fred made us proud
Thierry Henry is such a philosopher
These English subs are top top quality.
nothing better then going to bed pissed off.
\"I want man city to win the World Cup\" my friend said that and I want Jamaica to win the champions league!
I love basic training.
Don't you just love getting blamed for stuff you didn't even say\/do?
Savile Row is like Death Row for nonces.
Its a great day to be at the dealership! So come on out and get a car!
Oh. Look. Road construction on Michigan highways. Surprise.
Omfg my connection is so fucking good.
Oh yay... another 2weeks of the world cup.
At the dentist...
Most likely NOT gonna play zombies for a while... That's a lie...
Yeaaaa life is sick!! worst few days of my life
I love when people read my messages and don't send back.
not so many messages at once guys ... GEEEZ
1000 tweets whoo hoo
Doing tonight. Looking forward to tomorrow
Swapped in kale instead of spinach for my famous morning smoothie this week. Mmmmmm kale.
The ultimate joy for a individual is when the 'victim' takes seriously ;)
What a beautiful Sunday so far! So glad I get to work inside all day...
Yea, it's 5minutes left and you're losing. Playing possession is always good...
Yeah, bring on Torres, he's got loads of goals in him..
Way to go Gibby
FIFA doing corrupt things like selling illegal WC tickets? NO WAYYYYY!!!
It's good to know I can always count on you for things.
Glad I brought an umbrella to school today
There's absolutely nothing better than the suburban housewife 6 o'clock rush at the gym
Oh noes, political correctness gone mad!
Well my birthday weekend\/vacation is turning out to be just fucking fabulous
I feel like this is the only time people actually watch soccer
Oh gosh, I didnt see this coming!
So I guess now there are three girls from KW that became porn stars. Good to know they are keeping their career options open
Portugal out! What a shame.
Well that was awfly nice thanks for that
Yeah no its totally ok for u to creepily stare at me
WOOOO ADAM LALLANA
Lol back in az for three hours and all this is happening already...... Yay!
My wisdom teeth are coming in and I might get surgery to remove them. What a joy! I really can't wait for them to cut my mouth.
lmao ya im real naive ! i all know ur thoughts ! so stop breathing
WOW I feel your interest...
You know what's fun? Taking responsibility for every effing thing!
Traveling again. YAY
Bret didn't screw Bret.\nStiffler screwed Gail.\n\n\n
Oops forgot on that last RT.
Anything other than jeans are weird and I won't wear it.
All Xbox has is shooters and racing games, amirite?
Pepe. ..u r d smartest man in the history of football v
Such an exciting evening planned
There is no on Twitter
Seriously--an Amazon phone? Yeah--I need that like I need a Facebook phone.
Wolfman banned?! Oh no! He's been so integral to us this season!!! Who will replace him?!
My email just notified me that its my birthday tmr. How brilliant....
OMG these kotex ads are so offensive!\n
Wow! Brittney Griner can dunk!
Let me correct my last tweet....Some people just eat and drink!
Wow. Great pick Charlotte. -_-
Leaving work and I can't help but be so excited to be back there in 8 hours
No I didn't sit on the Owl City chat for the whole time it was happening at spam Adams wall and not get a response.
let's argue about everything that doesn't have shit to so with you!
Projectile vomiting onto Vickie. That's the kind of high-brow content I expect from .
I should have hurt you but I couldn't hurt you so I let you hurt me because I need you.
Had so much fun going out into Leeds after prom!!! Spent an hour in mcdonalds then came home...
S\/o to bae for keeping me calm .
good job CBS, good job...
Someone wanna just come over, order food &amp; cuddle?
love all the support i get from my friends
Hey by the way u missed some creases so for ur wedding gift I'm buying you an iron one of my many talents
And this is why I love the Deadpool Game.
Lebron is a free agent? Can't wait to hear about it a hundred thousand times a day until he signs...
So when I go out I'm gonna leave it at home and pretend like I don't have a phone at all.
Drunk people always know more than everyone else... Don't fight them, just accept they know better
I love the drunk guys that keep yelling nonsense at the band.
Ohhh at&amp;t so helpful. In the store and on the phone.
Yay..I get to be on wn..oh today keeps getting better
Looks like kicked off his campaign from - with his new pals.
What a great move by Stan, the piece the Hawks were missing! RT : Peter Regin heading back to CHI.
You know, getting death threats from random strangers on the internet is fu-un! I don't know what everyone is complaining about!
that last tweet made no sense
Alright guys, I didn't want anything at all?
At some point in my life \"That's cute\" became an acceptable response to everything\n
You're such a GREAT person. No really. So great.
Wow thats not irritating at all smh
Oooo Fun working with my "fave" ppl!
Bit late to change the team for tomoz when were out... U deserve a medal roy
Ah! Morning! A nice shower, and getting shit on verbally by my mother! Life is perfect.
Well I just feel like the poster child for sophistication.
20km bike ride with 4 dessert stops. Balance?
yeah it's a great feeling
Well then. That was a great talk. ! so sad
It has started -_- yay!
I enjoyed our funac's discussion awhile ago, oh men first time haha
lose 6-1 to the Orioles. Great job by Girardi for using NoNo and Ramirez today, you brilliant SOB. lol
Hey aka :
ESPN just has the best baseball coverage around. And it's just so great how they love the Braves.
Jolly good. Chasing invoices, dealing with council officials and other fun stuff. I'm just loving today.
Couldn't be more happy
I love living on the A37 when its ... Should of moved further!
Interesting to find out who paid 2 million quid for Tracey Emin's unmade bed. He needs to have his head examined.
I hope :)
I need a passport for California, right?
Everything is coming up Messi
wow lol so original
Why hasn't Neymar scored yet? I thought he was the best.
Running should be fun tonight.
You won't talk. Wow, it's a tragedy.
Doing some school work on a Saturday night. Wild man.
Penalties... Because that's a fair way to settle a World Cup match...
I like when \"close\" friends talk to me only when it's convenient for them. ;)
So hot outside and humid...my hair says thanks mother nature!
What a shock that the game that started about 3 1/2 hours ago is still on .
Business students have to take Calculus? Sick
jk work until 8 now
Puking is my favorite thing in the world.
Mom: "Wow so proud of you."
What a way to end the season, there's only one king in these playoffs and it's LA.
Did you know it's people scaring themselves which causes their deaths and not the actual chemicals?
Maligayang kaarawan sa kapatid kong ubod ng gwapo :\"&gt; \n\n
According to "24 yr old PhD" he is to be my best client ever. Obviously he's going to post me my fee &amp; tip me 100%. What a bloke!
well done guys! Not. Not only that but now I can't access the support tickets to respond. Well done you're awesome
Omg guise, I'm losing followers and my social life totally relies on how many friends and followers I have on social media
Really disappointed in how poorly I did on my physics final
Oh good. Another thirty minutes.
Another fantastic display
comment Loading... Please Wait!
Australia not putting pressure...cause they winning
Thanks to I now can't tell if the British cashier at the store is being nice or politely telling me off! LOL
Yes !!! I woke up early today think I might be fully rested! That's marvelous
Fucking bin theft.... annoyed me more than it should. Where am I gonna put windfall now???
Home by 9.15 what a wild night
Now it just disappeared!
One kid taking the ACT again and 1 kid sleeping so I'm gonna mow the yard
Nice suit Andrew Wiggins
&lt;-- probably why our country didn't qualify for World Cup
Nice to see all those young players enthusiastically signing their national anthem!
so yesterday when it's raining they do a standing start...today when it's sunshine they don't... makes sense
Well Honduras is representing the CONCACAF well
Great Father's Day gift would be having the Cubs no hit the Phils.
glad to see you support raising taxes on the poor
Ryan Miller gets sent to goalie heaven.
LRT but you know those conservatives they're so good at stimulating our economy.
Omg really? /s
Broken promises are my favorite
YOU CAN'T CHEER FOR YOUR HOME TEAM WHEN THEY WIN A CHAMPIONSHIP STOP BEING A BANDWAGON
Nowadays' vocab: import: improt. Sport: sprot. Transport: transprot. Such a relief
You know what the best thing after driving 10 hours is? Having a hotel room that's not ready. Thanks !
What pepe got a red card. Thats unusual!
I love that I can't go to bed early because my mom is drinking at my ex's and ill have to pick her up.
Can people shut the fuck up! It's ! Not Miley, not Selena, not Lady Gaga!
Been up since 3 hopefully I can stay up all day. Joys of bf leaving in the middle of the night
Who has fun on the Sabbath? Ain't a thing wrong with watchin fireworks. IDC what any Sabbath keeper says.
I won't believe anything until tweets it!
clearly not jealous of any of my friends rnn
Oh wow so productive...
in the beautiful words of \"you're only as hot as you think you are.\"
Bracket A si Kaiser, bracket B ako. Napakamakatarungan talaga ng STS. &gt;.&lt;
&amp; Big bad Julian is trying to protect his family...he's so horrible
Loud ass people with loud ass music. Yes I love metal/screaming music at 11:30 at night. Thank you.
I take shits on the phone so you know my shit is real.
Four Months Off: a Bucket List for
because the pimp who abducted you knew all those things and learned ya right, . because all whores are lost little girls.
Hey Cleveland why not make another error this inning. Way to take care I business in your own division
Good thing I brought my rain gear to work...
Great defending by the most expensive centre-backs in the world.
If someone twisted a horseshoe into a heart shape...I would marry him in a heartbeat! or no ..? ;) lol
Just because I like your status doesnt mean I want to sleep, date, or hang out with you.
Dads late 2 hours late ._. .... Awesome
Officially eligible to be drafted into the NHL today, too bad my hockey skills aren't quite there, there's always next year
It's ok I don't need a reply to a question!
Rest easy my fellow Leaf fans. We still have Bozak, Clarkson, and Phaneuf.
i guess people get forgot about when the BET awards on.
5 hours in a car now how fun !!
Zach Levine looked excited to be drafted by the Twolves.
And my power got disconnected today for the first time ever. that core from a dreadful winter. Fun.
Bet you cant guess what color my boxers are.!?!?!?
Habislah Liverpool musim depan takde Suarez. Mesti down gila. Tak boleh kalahkan tema kuat2. huhuhu
weekend shifts are the best shifts...
Lo bueno que con las reformas vamos a pagar menos luz, menos agua, menos gasolina... :D
Maths today should be fun
RT : Can I tell y'all \na little secret? \n\nI'm mighty afraid of \ninnanet ganstas. \n\nThey frighten me so.
Two weeks without hot water ?? I admire your sense of urgency
Horror Movies on. Beds warm and fluffy. Just waiting on my boyfriend to cuddle me.....
30 minutes in and all we have seen is COD, CARS, an Evolve trailer and AssCreed co-op. Now we get Dragon Age 3. OH WOW.
invalidate me harder, baby
Beautiful day out!
Does anyone know if Gentry is fast or not? There has been no mention of it. . . EVER!
And back to school I go
Today is such a fantastic day for hair
Panget :\"&gt; HAHA
Sometimes there isn't enough past papers.
So you made a mistake by going to church?...
Gosh I love it when I wake up in the morning &amp;notice I'm late &amp; run into the bus stop and at work they say it's my evening shift. ?
Romo's ERA is now 5.35. Very respectable for a closer/setup guy.
So, the spider above my head made sure that was a nice relaxing shower at the end of a long day!
Congrats to Now let's go !!!!
Today is 's birthday. The boy of the big smiles :D
Gotta love waking up at 6:30 in the morning cuz you're so congested you can barely breathe..
Hey look Brazil scored maybe they have something brewing
Het voelt zo verlaten, zo leeg, zo alleen zonder ...\nWho needs a hug?\n
Just watched a woman pushing her baby in a pram across a busy intersection, AGAINST the traffic lights. Awesome mum right there
Nicholas Cage can portray such a wide range of characters! How does he do it?!?!
Thanks Netflix, for not letting One Tree Hill die.
There's nothing I love more than coming home to the warden every weekend
**teacher puts you in a seat next to the person you would push into a pit of fire and laugh as they fell** life is great.
lol I love my life
My avocado is underripe. My fancy burger will be ruined. Why does the world hate me?
...Other than that, can't find a thing wrong with it. \n\n
Don't you love when your favourite TV/MOVIE characters die?
Thanks Carla for waking me upppppp
I'm SHOCKED D-Wave oversold their computer. Again. \nMT Commercial computer still can't pass speed test
really feeling the love here.
Some1 asked why is crazy in my name I said its coz im shy and quiet they said it dnt make sense so I said fukn think about it o_O
Thanks everyone for leaving 6 of us at volleyball today ..
Nice work Kemp. Nice work [slow clap]
I'm glad the focus is shifting to free agency. We've done so well in that area the last couple summers!
An easy call. JRM owns Kentucky. \n\nRT : I gotta say Mike D called that! i forget who else said would win.
Malaysia is neither an Islamic nor Secular state. It's a state of easily confused people.
well, today has been great
and sometimes creative.
Going fishing yipee!
Coming to a fitness centre near you!
The dorms at Northeastern University makes Donovan look like shit lol.
I'm sorry there's no librarian/counsellor/spec ed teacher here to help you...did you know we balanced the budget?
Being so productive with my life rn
I love my job. I really do. Probably work in the best place on earth
The unlucky boxers may have given me the most unlucky day of my entire life
Feel like within a year we'd at least have a plan for change... tho I've no idea how that would work...
Okay it's 2am and I just got home from work... Can't wait to go back in 9 hours
SO glad my mom warned me there was man in my living room before i walked out in a shirt with no pants &amp; no bra.
Pero kanina sa Lau Pa Sat he was the one who avoided me. Anyhow, ayaw nya siguro baka di na naman ako makamove on.
Well whaddayaknooow.. Another gay politician.
what happened Verizon? Was it \"terrorists\"?
The amount of respect philly has for other sports teams is crazy
Just walked through a sprinkler on my way to work
Nothing like having to pay a $1000 deductible on monday morning...cant wait for that ER bill...
Of course I would like to set a date to discuss your religious beliefs. How's February 30th sound?
OF is so much fun!
This game is sooooo much fun
I just love working somewhere with no managers it's fantastic
Im not a person, just a collection of lifestyle choices
If coding 36 one hour semi-structured interviews isn't the most fun thing in the world , then I don't know what is.
I really love having my parents back home
S/O to the "American" way. Moving from your home land and stealing other people's land. What's more patriotic than that!
I would enjoy nothing more than for my state capital to host .
What's this? I'm getting up early to run? That's unheard of!
I love how it's socially acceptable to love food and hate exercise but socially unacceptable to be fat
I'd describe the tempo and overall pace of this game as "brisk"
Cannot wait for another 6 and a half hour shift of talking to literally no one. So excited.
I love when people drive around and repeatedly honk their car horns at midnight while I attempt to sleep.
Excited to see how this plays out.
Today's off to a great start.
World class striker Ricky lambert on to save the day for engerland.
You don't know fun until you're trying to find a TINY lost toy with only a description from a inconsolable kid.
&amp; I can't see any problems w carrying concealed that they have rudimentary training in using... &lt;&gt;
Great. Just great. Segment merger class has a bug in . Back to examining atoms and H264 MP4 files. I'm so delighted.
This is fun!We'R great!
Just how I like it
Me: Of course I want to after you cancelled my Disney date!!
apparently also is better than equality and the end of misogyny
Stephen Drew.... 10 million dollars well spent....
After a suuuuch disappointing
lovin this burn on my face ugh
tenks you da best ah
Seth Rollins doing the three amigos suplexes Eddie used to do. That will help him with his heel character.
Arent you full of sunshine?
Love listening to tax webinars before bed....
Past steals worked well for you?
\": Bron Bron should sign with Raptors. Good young team in the East. Own Canada.\"
Well done me for damaging the ligaments in my left foot. I look boss hobbling about. !
Then again, she might not want me to through a big ole house party with all the friends I have.
Well, this morning was a blast
Who's taking who for a walk? Never gets old
That makes me feel good
But he sucks tho right???
Projecting Gabe on real life makes me think how society deals with mental illness. If no criminal, locking in anyway?
Babysitting my roommates siblings
I haven't had my intelligence insulted to my face as a result of my gender to that extent in a long time. Yay?
Good news fans, no team has played in Manaus and gone onto to win or tie their next game.
Wow so much excitement in that game I am glad the next one doesn't start for 1:30... time to recover
Saturdays are best spent on the couch struggling to find the cure to a migraine
I'm so glad to be back in Derby...
Oan, can't wait for my sil's baby shower this weekend. It's going to be awesome!
Loving the fact that has gone to work with both car keys so I cant even get to the shops!
my great great grandfather was from Germany. who do I root for today!?!?!?
Flight booked for Iowa.
DAMN IT I WANTED A SHUT OUT FUCK YOU,YOU SUCK GET OFF THE FIELD, IS SO MUCH BETTER OMFG.
Haven't slept for 4 nights cause jax has been sick. Now that he's finally sleeping by himself, I can't sleep.
I have a lot of weddings I'm attending soon that will include fake mustaches and mason jars. So excited!
Tube tops are (secretly not) classy as hellllll
Shockingly enough I cannot sign in to the IB candidates page. Can you imagine something IB not working?
So glad I love talk radio cause that's all we've listened to on the way home
Wow the are really going for it now! What an addition....
Mlk library dc... good to c that all these hood boogers enjoy "reading"
I LOOOVE it when u open shit and DONT answer!\n
In happier news: the alarm was due to a dying battery &amp; not fire.
Icepick Headaches are the most fun way to wake up!
Gonna be out $750 next week. Hell to the yes.
Nazis murdered millions. Gays want to get married and raise families. Totally the same
Amazing how many soccer experts there are in America these days.
No, I'm not affected. I just happened to have written a poem about it, but no, I'm not affected.
LOL @ the description on my cable guide 4 today's ."Sam &amp; Patrick visit a mechanic." I can't wait to watch that!
I like test driving new cars because then everyone wants to be your friend and I finally have people that call me.
I'm so glad to be back in Santa Paula
Great start to the morning
Andy Townsend likes how the Argies are set up tactically. They must be so relieved about that.
Sooner the is out, sooner the obviously hacked account can be seen to,right twitter?Because nobody is THAT ignorant!
Back in Detroit. Joy.
WOOOOOO HINGAA. HAHAHAHA. It's okay.
Supernatural isn't scary ( ._.)
Seeing all these boats and the river makes me wanna be out there so much! But lucky for me I get to spend my Sunday at work...
Yay! Adrian's back tomorrow night.
Was drag up for family breakfast. Dad saw my zombie face and comment 'this is what happened when you club every single day'.
I made organic vegan-eggplant-whitebean meatballs tonight. whoo-hooo! Mark that off the bucket list...
That no text back is fucking great man...
Good job Fred has been on fire this World Cup - 5 goals will be no problem from him
Community. That's what I love about where I work.
12 pitches, 1 ER and 2 runners on and Niese is done due to injury. Nice job.
I miss sister when she was her normal self.
England did well. \n
omfg I hate my mom so much she is such a bitch
Awwww over so soon was hoping for at least one more subway ad
It's monday again yey
I'm on a rollercoaster that only goes up my friend.
Another huge contract for a goalie, those always work out.
Who really cares about our environment in 100 to 200 yrs anyway? As long as our shareholders are happy now! \n
So the boy tariq abukhdeir who was beaten today is also an Ameriam citizen?? Happy 4th of July
For an "overrated goalie" Ochoa is really playing well.
i really need to hit the books on the last day of summer, yay seventh grade!
Nuggets take a foreigner with the 41st pick? Man that's not like them...
I love the way you've been ignoring me.
Just flipped off carful of men yelling obscenities at me. But yeah, sure, totally .
Nothing says bad ass like a Camry with skulls on the license plate.
Here's hoping for the subway ad again while we wait for the cliffhanger outcome
Well I had fun cleaning my mess up
And oh yeah, Jr is always out there wrecking others.
I wanted to leave to find the BAe molly dog................ Im already Rollin face
Sick of being used. Nice to know I have great friends.
Also tomorrow: I get my MCAT score... fun
After a long day of doing nothing, all I want to do is come home and do more nothing
I really love falling and earing shit at work :'( # ouch
HEROS of army attack empty Iraqi army base in ,burn most humvees
I feel old. It's my 21st bday and it just feels like another day. The perks of growing up. Yayyy
Thanks for adding yet another mobile device to my list of things I have to test my web projects on.
It's that time again. Time for all the brilliant legal minds to come crawling out of the woodwork again.
I love being home alone during a storm. My favorite!
RT : yep
Dropped wine on my skirt... Great!!
Drinking and smoking
Swollen glands are awesome
my exegetical term paper will be on Revelation 12... at least I picked an easy one
Random bloody nose. Good way to start the day
I looooove that you wanna talk to me..
Can't wait for 2016 when Hilary Clinton gets elected President.
Wow, I feel so enlightened on what the WWE is doing. I mean really, this content from is truly relevant to WWE.
I actually have to get up somewhat early and guess what. I can't sleep! Yay!
Hey Look, Call of Duty. How exciting.
A yellow card for Sergio Ramos? That never happens.
I didn't want the parking permit to begin with Parking Bureau so thanks for being so friendly and making it so easy to take my $20
God I love working weekends
Changed my header because I'm a complete stoner
Boy is like i want your number
\"I should probably stop watching Supernatural, I won't be able to sleep\", said no one ever.
Blowing up snapchat with videos of Sawyer!
Evil Koch brothers donate $100 million to cancer research.
Amaro: "I still think we're in this thing. We're definitely buyers now. I think. Probably. Kind of."
Glad he's getting his day in court. : Suspect in Benghazi attack pleads not guilty to terrorism in US district court.
If I don't tweet about the World Cup I must not have watched a single game
Sometimes I shower during a thunderstorm, because I AM danger.
It's inspiring to see all the patriot militia gun rights people protesting the shutting off of water for residents in Detroit.
I love wearing all black clothes &amp; tie on a day like today!
I just love when my internet acts up
If I shut my phone off for a whole day would I miss anything?
&amp; half the stuff i think of came
good thing the river is so clean. This flooding will wash away the dirt for
The force was with Chicago. New George Lucas Museum to be built along the lakefront.
Would New Orleans be as happy as if Michael Brown had been elected mayor? FEMA and the people are one hand!
You guys should get in as a guest, I hear he is quite good
U.S. court says firms can refuse to pay for birth control. Way to go, 'mericuh.
I love that you put "available" :(
It is so awesome to not have the option to watch the on tv.
Well.. that was a fun game to watch.
\": I'm sure Dickey will settle down and Tollesson, Kawasaki and Thole will get us back in! \"\nLove it
Whenever a new iphone is in the works, my phone starts to have a million problems. Loving that my phone randomly restarts
I am so shocked Rafe is brain dead at the same time Alice needs a heart
I love house-hunting
The welcoming fans of Philadelphia chanting something after each team's name. How nice!!! :)
First you ignore me. Now my mom is in the hospital. That just made everything better .
Personally, I don't believe someone's English unless they have the flag of St George painted on their face. Easier than a passport.
Third tweet in a row: hell yeah, they updated Adobe Flash Player! I'm so excited to try out this new build!
My aunt got an Instagram. This is just great.
media: Write stories other than Smoke "teaching lessons" and poundin' walls. How about another Jr's car graveyard story?
No Braun or Lucroy. That's just great!
Any who...later y'all be easy and keep categorizing everything, that's the dope way to live life.....
So glad dad's in a good mood.
Almost done with school!
Beautiful weather we're having.
I love how managers can tell if the ball hit the corner from the dugout.
I've been a bit disappointed about the lack of talk about Wayne Rooney this week, surely an important issue...
and what a bloody conflict!\nand way to go with that rich documentation!\nis still not stable at all
Apparently, Mannequin was on Channel 5 last night. Thanks for telling me Twitterersr, really appreciate it.
And they also have some Anais Nin quotes, so seems legit, amiright?
What a great NBA Final 4-1.
Listening to music while looking out the window makes me feel like I'm in a movie
I just peeked out the window as a gust of wind blew the door open &amp; smacked me in the face. Glad I was there to catch it.
That's a great start
Another call of duty, woooo.
Best parts of traveling: sitting in airports for 9 hours straight and flights continuously getting delayed.
That is the shit you be telling ppl *smh* you have no life
Follow or you won't ever be happy in this life ever again.
So......Alex Wood getting me off to a great start so far.
Opened my windows just in time for Vector Control to come down the street and spray for bugs. What great timing I have
.OOPS! I thought .and .LIED about WMDs in Iraq. WTF? I'm stunned.
I'm a mellow little 5'3 inch 17 year old until you piss me off... Then I might bear the shit out of you
sure do love the feeling of contributing to deforestation when I come into class and receive 90 handouts.
Police: Father was 'sexting' as son was dying
bad enough to warrant a possible visit? Sure, I love being in that much .
Woah you guys. Don't bombard me with so many text messages at once........
Spain losing absolutely breaks my heart.
My niece and nephew are over. It's too bad I'm leaving to play poker tonight!
You're not weak you just lack upperbody strength lower boddy strength and metric
I don't have an attitude. I have a sassy vocabulary.
is totally cool with me.
The Tory champions of "liberty" and "democracy" strike again!
That shit will start soon too. RT : Would you prefer the WOOOOOOO?
. Because communicating with morons is hard.
So glad it rained last night, cause it really cooled things off this AM.
Just love driving in pouring rain and hail on my way to work
America has had something like five shootings in the past fortnight. It couldn't be the guns fault though! Of course not.
Oh wow. I didn't know Luke Bryan was in Pittsburgh today.
Great weather in Eugene...
Ohhh cross promotion, YAY!
woah there! contain you're enthusiasm! I know you're excited to lose sleep over seeing me but hey, there's more to life than me!
LeBron looks destroyed
We are SO going to win the World Cup
Anyone need a neighbour
Using third party login is SO convenient.
Cleveland fans making Cleveland look good...
Standing outside for over a 1/2 hour in the rain with 30+ angry ppl is just what I wanted.
All I do is the , may be its a , but I talk, that feel, makes me .
Tomeynyer awk wat muke jelir lidah tat titew...
Just what the needed: another extra inning game...
Lawro sounds like he really loves his job! His enthusiasm is too much
It's nice chillen alone tryna see some fireworks
Good job Emily for not paying attention in geometry class. It's not like you needed to know any of that for the final
Farrell has Miller warming up....in a 1 run game. Great idea.
Ahh the wonderfulest thing just happened.
87 mins gone &amp; no commentator has linked Howard to Arsenal yet?? Could this be the first game where Arsene doesn't want a player??
Orientation this morning. So stoked!!
I love when ppl txt me first &amp; when I reply they just leave me hanging...absolutely love it
I wonder how Wimbledon allowed color types to be used by players
S/o to for only ever tweeting me
LOL ": Venda network soo on point! LOL "
The former world champion is back, it's the Great Khali! Who's excited!?
More yard work for me today. So glad it rained buckets 12 hours ago. That will make mowing so much easier.
Di Maria is world class
They should've waited some more to elect Burns.
Insomnia is the best lol
I guess ignorant entitlebots like have been too \"grievously\" wounded in the faux to take
Not sure if you all have heard, but apparently Derek Jeter turned 40 today. Crazy this isn't getting any coverage.
I didn't realize so many of my friends were soccer fans!
Can anybody tell me the (combination of) anabolics you need to compete in the fitness model classes please?
Well today just keeps getting better...
Guess I'll be spending my friday night watching football whoooooop!\n
Somebody pay for me to get another tattoo.
Back in sunny old england :\/
Get to spend 600 dollars on my truck! Yaaaaa!
Heterosexual awareness month, huh? Well if any group of people need a month it'd be them. So often overlooked. So misunderstood.
Some individuals are entitled to their stupid opinions, and really,I respect that a lot!
I'm so happy to live in a country in which corporations have more rights than I do.
Thank you for having the balls to fucking apologise.
Idk why everyone says "avoid girls when they're on their periods". You guys are always so cheerful when Im around you
I love looking at Labron's mouth gaurd all the time.
Brazil are all over them
I just love sitting in waiting rooms.
What's a dad for dad? Tell me why I'm here dad Whisper in my ear that I'm growing up to be a better man.
On a serious note Cellino is inhumane making the players wash their own kit and make their own lunch.
My dad about every single one of my snapchats "prettyyyyy"
Looking forward to the inevitable Van Persie diving meme overload tomorrow.
I thought we had a real friendship going yo. And then poof, nothing
WOW Maleficent real original I can't even BEGIN to wonder where you got that one from
I hate it when someone sends an "" then 5mins later a follow-up says "never mind"!
The perfect weather for packing and moving tons of boxes...
No big talks, one shud only talk when one has tried enuf...just complaining n looking over the horizon does not help
Cambe just went through the Bank of America the wrong way. Great start to the day.
SOCIALISM AT WORK
Big thanks to the outfield making sure Smith has a quality debut.
Is this supposed to be some kind of sick joke? Because this is just so spectacular. :D
The 1080 Ps everyone should care. lol looks great though
Man this couch feels great.
It's all over! Royals suck again!
Oh joy I get to work with my favorite busser tonight
The talk I had with my manager didn't go how I thought it would......
I would call Heaney up this very minute to stop the bleeding in this game.
Well that's awesome
Good thing I have this 12hr work day to keep me busy!
Lit scented candle and fancy bouquet of flowers on your video background... Congrats! Lol
what is this and that everyone keep talking about
Jo tells us 9 &amp; 10 is 19. Fuck me! Us bogans are to dumb to know that Jo! Our 8 year old adds it up faster than Jo!
OH YEAH FERNANDO TORRES IS YOUR GO-TO MAN
Hi, Oo.. thank you ah.
And I will reiterate, soccer is boring.
Iran and Nigeria is by far the most thrilling match of the World Cup so far
Huh. A CHILD soldier should have been given a YOUTH sentence instead of an adult one. Why, that's crazy talk!
I love having shitty ass friends &lt;&lt;&lt;
Man that was the best fair ever
Excited to watch the 1st half highlights -0
I probably have the best luck in the world
With $GLUU up 33% since Wed &amp; $KING up 15% today, $ZNGA's becoming increasingly undervalued.
I listen to really contemporary music
YES PEOPLE, DON'T!! HAHAHA
SPECIAL OFFER: McDonalds is offering 500,000 copies of Hillary Clinton new book with the purchase of every medium size diet Pepsi!
Does Devin have a daughter?
I drafted Julius Honka in NHL 14 and he turned out to be top pair dman (85 overall) in 2 years...so clearly hes a good pick
Great. A paper cut is exactly what I needed.
just not cutting it so far. Sad .
Tul is unreal...... lol
Trust? big word ^_____________^
Mosquito bites on my bum are just my favorite thing
Wow LeBron as if we all didnt know already way to show the world how much character you have.
[]Claiming of Regi Card
I have the make a note for this evilhunter_ person. Ugh.
well that's not extremely, unnecessarily overly confident at all
Oh, are England playing tonight?? I didn't realise as there's been no mention of it on television...
What a great start to the week, sun is shining, trains getting cancelled , how can this get any better .
\"I forgot\" is clearly the most meaningful excuse ever
Me: Malas kaayo Pa. Mamagsakay akong teacher\nPapa: Ahh. Maayo.\nMotivated.
i just love feeling ignored unwanted and lonely.
I would guess they are naked. Easier for the men to rape them
Did you know that once a pilot has 1500 hours he/she is automatically a more qualified and competent pilot than one with less?
you're a GREAT friend.
180: you're sooo good at pick up lines
Is the US playing soccer today? I wish someone would tweet about it so I could be sure...
It's "fun" that I have to miss a work party because I have to work at my other job. I LOVE MULTIPLE PART TIME JOBS.
Now hearing about Birds/Feeders and Raccoons
1. "In a day when the role relations that He has ordered w/in the sphere of marriage has been under attack..." Off to a good start
love the fact that I'm closing today, yay
650 Providence running 15 min late and rush hr crowd in four single cars like sardines. A+ effort like usual
Of course I do. Who wants to fuck a women with cancer?
Shout out to the people who don't follow back but retweet tweets, we like you a lot
RT : the mattresses our so comfortable
Thxfor the help \"We understand your frustration as no one likes delays less than us.We hope your next flight goes smoother.\"
\"It pays to be and ...perhaps this is why you're poor. \" -- a super good agent\n
What an awesome night
Skipped school for Joey's 5th grade graduation
Spain couldn't score Juan goal. What's the Mata, Going home so soon, benchwarmer?
Yay strained AC joint and hurt my rotator cuff! Life is awesome!
Now to begin cleaning /this/ house which has been so well cleaned it's going to take me no time at all.
Now I'm his kryptonite... great, luck me!
I planned on losing 8 kilograms for the summer. With the diet I had, I have 18 kilograms left to lose. Waaay tooo go.
I blame that loss on Howard. Gotta play better than that.
\"No pain .no gain . run bitch \" well thats a motivation
Tomorrow should be fun -.-
And got the shoe memo sent out
That's the spurs first alley oop all year
Salamat na lang, parekoy. God bless!
Everyone looks good when they snorkel
My favorite part about the world cup is how everyone instantly becomes soccer experts.
I just stubbed my foot on my Clarinet case and then slid it under my bed because I won't let you hurt me anymore
Waiting at the dmv so much fun!
david luiz is the best captain ever
Re-runs of Total Divas... That add subscriptions &amp; get people to renew...
your relation to some other person who's acting as a character?...OMG I'M SO FUCKING ENVIOUS RIGHT NOW
Nothing to wake you up like a red alarm. Efficient, loud and can't be put into the snooze mood
Lets just have a conversation right in the middle of the street!
30 matches, 13 of which at least one team didn't score. That's what I call excitement!
Bedard has too many sexual comments -Anon
You left the group on whats app.\nNow why don't you leave this planet and migrate to another one.\n
Blurry contacts. This is turning out to be a fantastic day. ?
Woah! Where did all this soccer stuff come from? Lol. You'd think it was the World Cup or smth. ;)
Great AB again Crush!
YES! More drag racing on TV! I was wondering how long itd take,
What a close game! It came down to the last second!
Good thing it's not hot out today.
Some people realllllllly know how to make me feel special
I need more stress at work.
Super fucking glad I'm actually thought about.
You're such I good friend to him it's unbelievable.
$CLX up more than 3%. Maybe investors are "betting" that Carl Icahn will force $FDO to buy it and name Billy Walters as CEO?
Great day today with the famjam! :D XD
Also Windows Explorer keeps crashing. Today is going GREAT so far
Great fucking night
Cause moving solid iron and wood picnic tables is just my fav job in the world I decided to do it five times today
Another shoot out at the G 2-1. I am so glad paul roos is back!
The Yankees traded for Brandon McCarthy! That'll fix the pitching problems!
Let's complain about every small little thing, 'cause why not
Cena vs kane in a stretcher match, how original!
Do you speak more than one language? I speak and and sometimes even
4 hours of sleep is great
So for the \"winning ingredients\" were going to talk to someone who will finish no better than 30th today. Makes sense...
I thought that as their objective was to hit other cars. Bah maybe I was wrong :-)
Thanks xbox support you really helped me!
\"The movie is set in Muir Woods &amp; SF, but was actually shot in Vancouver &amp; NOLA.\" I totally got that vibe everytime I was there
So the were going after Arron Afflalo...and now he's on another team...WEIRD!!!!!!
Half inch of rain in the last hour. Faaaantaaaaastic if you didn't get
Bobcats win!!!!!!!!! Lets go Jawaun Howard and Davidson
Time of possession about even.
hahaha welcome back , \ni missed u
As usual is not at fault luckily there's someone else to blame. How hard is it to get a damn engineer to come to my house?
Another evenung date. We're reading the book tonight! ... I hope.
Somewhere between Saving our face during Holi to saving our phone during Holi, we all grew up
You're so artistic with your sideways photo and pouting face
Oh boy a new sims game, hold me back.
Geezzzzzzz today is going to be loads of fun!
And Coulson gets 18 months? Well done British justice system
There goes another person I don't know assuming I'm gay.
S/O to the human ego! Without it, there wouldn't be
If I could become a corporation when I grow up that would be pretty keen
This day keeps getting better and better....
Could this guy on be a little more whiny?
WOW, this turns my imagination *-*
Mexican food and drinks with tonight because we're mavericks
I am awesome! I have injured my ankle again!!! Ugh. I thought it was okay already since one month has passed.
First power outage of the season. Yaaaaay.
I absolutely love when "soccer fans" say that Ronaldo is their favorite player
That was , if you didn't catch it.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i guess that make's all of his Rhetoric ...\"Tolerable\"\/\"Acceptable\" ..
No need to fear or hedge. 100 pt down it's just part of rebalancing and consolidation. Vix won't move until it hits 200 pt down
\": Massive respect to Roy's boys. You did us proud lads! Absolute quality and great heart shown in Brazil!\"
shocked Tillman gave up runs in 6th
Did something happen with the LeBron indecision?
You're as fat as a whale -
Procure yourself a white male friend, then you can always have someone to ameliorate those trigger-happy police.
Oh look the male republicans of the Supreme Court screwed women over again, how surprising!!!
Gotta love drama
Can't wait to see all the Purdue players taken in tonight's NBA Draft!
Being ignored by the only two important people in my life..
The amount of faith he has in me is overwhelming.
Listening to some very sophisticated humor right now
Good thing is on again. I missed the 11 other airings since yesterday
I'd like to see a male presenter with bare chest interviewing people in the streets for a change...
Who is playing these tunes tonight, some absolute gems
I don't much about algebro.... But see the way my accounts are set up.
What? Kesler wasn't well liked by many of his teammates. That's a surprise.
It's been said before and it will be said again, but today it is my turn, \"the blows!!\" So excited to go back Friday!
Breaking: FIFA to investigate Pope Francis after claims the Argentinian pope's prayers forced Switzerland's heartbreaking misses.
Can the belgian commentator be *MORE* for Netherlands?! Europeans are so biased, I'm furious!
I'm ready...... Never mind I left my cup of zero caring.
My ex playfully suggests a month long road trip. I don't understand why my bf is so upset.
Great it's a on !
Good point for to build on - good to see Lampard and Gerrard prove they can play together - Rooney made a difference too
Today's shoot location is... My son's school. Ha! Can you imagine how much he's loving that?!
I love day one updates bigger than the game
If there are smiley faces and slanted faces in your system notes, I think you might wanna reevaluate things.
takes you places if you are on a transport.
yes of course,we as guest service reps wld love to fix a mistake you made in sales. my hourly is def worth it compared to ur salary
Look at it this way... the more birth control you cover, the less athiests produced in the world!
Guys I displayed anger for once I must be such a fucking horrible person, I'm probably worse than Hitler!
S\/O to the human ego! Without it, there wouldn't be
oh boy, my local theater group is doing a production of cabaret and i got the part i was born to play, a stripper. :P
I think where I ate lunch today directly affects the sun which in turn means will play for the .
I fucking love cancer it rox
Tbh some of these female can make excellent broadcast for the World Cup .
I think I am the luckiest person to ever walk the earth
Man, do I love it when people bitch about their personal problems in the break room at work.
Did ya'll hear about______getting into a fight with____,damn shame huh?
Hilary Clinton said they left the White House broke when Billy Boy was in office...my fuckin heart goes out to the them...
Yay I get to work in Saturday and Sunday. 14 straight days of working!!
I drive a car 1000 times more than I use a gun. So comparing deaths from car wrecks to guns is a very logical argument.
An idea isn't responsible for the people who believe it. -Don Marquis
I see the Cleveland fans in baseball are just as classy as they are in football.
Clearly Oscar Taveras hits into too many GIDP like that one. Needs to go down until he can figure that out.
3 hour training on virtual instances in a hosted enviroment whaaat! Excuse me while I attempt to contain my excitement!
With all these smashing nd hardcore actions, r u sure d super eagles will turn up on d pithch 4 2mao's game???
You know I really got some awesome fuckin friends from back home
I keep hearing something about a football game today, but's it's not even August. Who plays football in June?
Well that message made my morning great
Math is so cool.
More rain, lightning and thundering? Gee thanks!
Can't even begin to explain how excited I am about all the FGL videos that are about to flood Facebook\/Instagram, said no1 ever!
can someone define democracy for me ?
Yay north east wind. Perfect Sailing conditions... ugh
Sadly, however, I had to settle for a bowl of Reese's Puffs. What a terrible morning It was still a great morning!
invasion in my town! Always a fun time!
Thank you for nothing you useless reptile.
You know what we need? A basic cable drama series with a one word title. I don't think we have enough yet.
Cikgu: Cuba awak bayangkan. Awak\nditingkat 8 dan ada kebakaran dari bawah.\nApe awak buat? Me: Berhenti daripada\nbayangkan.
Quality commentary right there.
The fact that my luck can't get any better right now
Wow, it's amazing how good the pitchers are!
oh great Brazil is winning.
Congrats to alexis sanchez for signing to arsenal, would be a decent back up for theo walcott.
Sports Center should be fun for the next ohh say year: LeBron, LeBron, Red Sox, LeBron, Manning, Yankees, Lebron.
TD VISA does not allow you to hold a card if you've lived outside of Canada for more than 2 yrs?! Thanks CIBC for merging.
I guess I missed a real nailbiter between !
Yea BS that Silas loved his WIFE so much! he keeps saying \"you didn't have a choice in this Sam\" -cause she's the one suffering
So the front side of my body is completely burnt. I love being a redhead.
really looking forward to my 22 hour bus ride later today.
I don't know whats going on around the world but I know whats going on in Kim Kardashians life, thats all I need.
Go in positive and come out negative
Tried posting on cutest teens 2014, got rejected, sucks being 20....
No pressure. Just have fun playing out there today, Spain.
What a perfect day for the fair queen pageant!!
If they want to get back on track, bring back KP
Musim memboikot sudah tiba. Habis musim ni, kita sambung makan mcd, starbucks and etc. !
haha verywellsaid! RT Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga.*slow clap*
I love summer assignments :-)
Thats a nice thing to tell ur child...
I hope we can cope with the social media uproar now that "America's favorite" Joey's going on the block!
I'm just so shocked that won Jones County.
That moment, when your laying in bed, holding your phone over your head\n\nThen it decided to attack your face?\n\nHaha! Good times! \n\n
Just left favorite place
Letting drive the jeep....holding on for dear life
He's 2\/23 but hey at least one of those whopping 2 hits was a game winning HR!
Mom: "so you and went swimming at 's yesterday" Me: "no, we just stared at the pool"
today has been an awesome father's day!!!!!!
If you take the time to curl your hair in the summer...you must be having one hell of a summer.
There should be a sport Competitive . I wouldn't play of course, 'cause winning is for losers!
Thanks for getting to Orlando on time! 2 hours late
where's the caleb's delusion twitter account? i need it. BUT CALEB BROUGHT AMBER ICE CREAM! what a GOOD guy!
Everybody is all like "Beat the Germans" and I'm all like "Already happened back in '45!"
It don't get any better than this
Great working overnight tonight...should be a blast
It's totally fine. I'm totally fine. I love when things like this happen.
So glad my tv is working
Great another tornado. Just what Northeast Nebraska needs.
Sometimes I like being treated like something less than a human being.\n
match commentators get so excited when the Mexican team has the ball Shocking impartiality.
What if I told you I'm seriously not serious? HAHAHA\n\n:D
I'm not gonna blame deGrom, thanks Teagarden and EY for getting that run in!
7/14/14 issue of SOD says that is stil in 3rd place in the ratings. Gee, I wonder why.
Portugal didn't win and I start school tomorrow. A great way to end the weekend
is a dying art
When someone states the obvious... Well noooo shit!
Wow I'm so excited to watch everyones snapchat stories of fireworks from today
You can't help someone who's not wiling to help themselves. The best thing to do is to tell them they're stupid and walk away.
I love leaf blowing.
Mom:\"isn't it sad that tomorrow's the longest day of the year and then the days get shorter\"
Someone asked me if my tattoos hurt... so I said yes omg I'm in so much pain right now
I hate this sport.
Omg soccer yay. Like I totally love this sport I've never watched before. Yay for goals. Soccer is on another level
Why are people that do roadworks really good at their job?
Anybody wanna ruin my life once again?
Morning is always a good time for a fresh start. I know, I'm a philosophical genius.
Don't worry teen wolf I actually didn't want to sleep tonight...
Written, directed, produced and starred by George Clooney.. Says a lot
I follow because she hangs out with and and NO OTHER REASON.
Clearly Alcantara isn't ready for the big leagues. Back to Iowa ASAP.
We aced that "how to eat gracefully" thing, napakarami nating flattering photos sa iscreamist.
I wanted to spend hours of my night re-setting my re-set phone anyways
Don't worry Twitter the Heat got this b/c Leonard is out and the Heat play great defense and they got LeBron
Great way to start my fucking morning
Dear , \n\nThanx for all ur help. \n\nLove, \nShe who loves the buck passed
Beautiful thing when no one notices that things aren't the same
I'm so glad I decided to be a good kid last night by staying in and reading a book
Oye y la verdad el disco de Wisin en solitario esta super bueno () o sea tiene puros feat. famosos
My car window would break and fall down while it was pouring rain what a great day it has been
Where would the world be without emojis
Got a job at this daycare
Swiss have been solid at the back since senderos came on!!!
Apparently it's Father's Day
le tipe ITALIANE che insultano gli italiani per sta vittoria so le mejo &lt;3
If getting the most Fouls/Turnovers and Fuck all Points &amp; Assists
Boy, I'll tell ya, Stephen Drew looked a lot less rusty on that third strikeout of the night!
I love it when my Final Cut Pro crashes while I'm editing
What a great day I've had
Best way to start off Sailor Moon day? With an oil change! :/
Phone's totally unrepairable... within the same time as my contract runs out. That's definitely not is it?!
the good thing about is that you get to the court early so you can ref the first game.
Send in selfies to NASA cos you are a star!
Sooo Stonebridge Apartments changed the sign they had facing Goldenrod... But it's only been there for 10 yrs.
Damn, now I'm scared to watch the awards...SMH
Thanks for keeping your word! -___-
Going to a grad party! Yay!
Telling your kids to stand in the middle of the road to watch the fireworks, that's greeeeaaaaat parenting
I have so much trust in people enoughto leave my car door open and walk in to cvs for 20 minutes or so.
Looks like I'll be sleeping all night.
Lebron James just told me personally through his assistants second cousin, that he will make a decision this summer.
Well, there goes my bracket!!!
Doing "work experience" at my school this week.... YAY! I honestly believe it will be interesting and worth my time.
Its not that I never listen to you, I just stop paying attention the moment you open your mouth.
Guys...hey guys...does anybody know if Tech N9ne was on Jimmy Kimmel last night???
now its 3am, perfect :)
This put the cherry on top of my last month here in Europe...
It's really good talking to you!
1/4 of math prep complete whoohoo
Hungry but can't be bothered to move
Changing the habits of a lifetime is hard. Who'd have guessed?
We need our daily dark from fellow extremists
Don't you just love being ignored
Yay for working on Friday night!
You know, I only texted you because I didn't want to talk to you.
Having an AWESOME day!!!!
Great decision by to postpone fireworks tonight. could've waited longer before dropping the axe yesterday.
What's on my agenda for tomorrow? Probably nothing important.
Jabari Parker will drop to according to unnamed, unreliable sources - Bulls may consider drafting him
The way Spain is playing right now Slap could beat them
New record: Jimmy gets me to puke in a little less than a half hour. Have I mentioned I love training?
Govt doesnt support vets anyway so let's spit on the graves of fallen w/ US military alliance w/ Iran against Iraq insurgency
Me \"Didn't like her post? I guess you showed her.\"\nRyan\/ \"Yeah it's probably keeping her up at night.\"\n
really all i care about is pizza &amp; like 4 people :D
My mother is in a fabulous mood today. Per usual.
Noesi has now thrown over 100 pitches. Yet his arm remains attached. How is that possible?
It's great when my water and power both go out.
I wish i could tweet a word, and a thousand people would fav and retweet it!
LRT Yes is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
20 past 6 isn't too early for bed is it?
Check the app-flight on time. Check the app-flight on time. Get to airport..phone call-flight delayed.
can only be appreciated fully in its native language!
I say "fuck me" to express joy and relief All The Time, and never to display disappointment or anger
Life is Great!! Haha
After enlightening us for over a decade...and
I hate when people see me at the super market &amp; are like "Hey what are you doing here?"
The joys of being a babysitter
hosting a lil kids bday party is gonna be so much fun
what a serious great day
I'm willing to bet Ubisoft isn't ready to write roles for female characters because they're SOOO different.
Love that my face decides to break out the night before a few big meetings!!!
\": Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga. *slow clap* \"
Well I never thought you ran away
Omgggg last night was soo crazy! Like i got soo turnt! Tots can't wait for next year!
Good thing it's raining again.
So Obama this week will cap Student Loan payments to a flat rate for all. Next? A FLAT TAX!!!!! Right? Hello? POTUS???
Hope you're enjoying yourself .
So, don't make me add your name there :)
My phones broke yey \nI will tweet when i can sorry
Hell yea its friday night and no plans so i get to go to bed at 10
Hey apologists, nice to see the 2nd Amendment protecting police officers in Las Vegas. I'm being , douchebags.
Idk guys....I like Roop here.....
Shaping up to be a great week, already.
600 rounds of .22lr. $7,000. Firm. :)
Wow, I really want someone to love me so much they want to kill me...
Where are all my spurs fans at?
Chile should bring in Santa Cruz. His looks alone would score a goal.
So excited I get to spend my one week of summer with no sports on the couch recovering from surgery
That sure was a bespoke kit made for , looks nothing like the official kit...
I love being yelled at. It's my favorite thing ever.
Dude of course I want to come to your girlfriend's birthday party when we've never met.
That aloe blacc geezer, he's good ain't he # mostirritatingsongever
Wow are tripping people who get close to the goal, what great sportsmanship, really worthy of playing in the World Cup...
General motors, you are doing it again. Thanks for making me feel so safe.
Back to the grind of job searching..... So fun.
Peep sent off? That's a first...
I REALLY appreciate it!
So Seitenwechsel jagen mir auch immer schrecken ein...ohoh!
I feel like shit and I look like shit... Today's gonna be an amazing day
I love traffic
I'm betting that the hipster-with-long-beard-and-ironic-nerd-glasses look is here to stay.
There are some girls that I'd really like to shake their hand and say, you win. Congratulations on your prize.
No yeah, not seeing his family yet isn't weird.\n\n
Oh I just love our bullpen this year.
So I'm not like u. That's a great reason to hate me.
What a beautiful week :')
I think that or is explicitly necessary on Twitter in the appropriate situations. Smileys just don't hack it anymore
Hey it's been 12 hours since we lost power. Still no sign of an Ameren crew. Thanks for the prompt service
LOL \": Venda network soo on point! LOL \"
All the Belgian waffle jokes are so funny and original
\": Calum isn't Asian guys he's Korean\" FORREAL get your Asian facts straight
English seems to last longer in cup than the ...
As this is Halifax, let the whining and complaining begin ... I suspect the new name will end up impacting view planes.
What do you actually mean when you say, ' you are very photogenic ?'
FRONTIER, hiring the best and the brightest.
Brazil fans be lie ^_^ oh! Football has turn to Basket ball
*gets idea for epic new game*...... "Keypress Simulator!". It shows you the key you pressed and beeps at you!!! YAY!!!!!!!!!!111
HOY EN EL PARTIDO DE BRAZIL NO ESTUVO NEYMAR TIRADO EN EL PISO FINGIENDO FALTAS COMO SIEMPRE :( POR ESO PERDIERON :(
Oh, two hour meetings, yes, this day is great.
School ... That'll Cheer me up!\r
The Philadelphia fans are the definition of class
4 best teams left in World Cup. I'm so shocked.
to me way before ya fav song's
My twitter is so goddamn creative and original you wouldn't believe
Yeah you got me doc, chaplain of my senior class and band for two years. Yup. Definitely having sex.
Would you believe I played "The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess" last night until 3 A.M.? I blame you, , I blame you
Joel Embiid looks absolutely thrilled to be joining the .
I'm sure that one of Brazil's best players being unable to play in today's game has nothing to do with how bad they're losing.
I don't even want the Kasabian CD now. I won't play it if it does ever arrive
I just love waiting around.
Kimi you listen to JV and retire asap!! Why do they keep asking his opinion?If they think we like to hear this clown,they're wrong!
Shout out to for the outstanding field event coverage...
So are most or all of our fireworks made in China now? How patriotic?
Strawberries, cream, a movie, Valium &amp; all to myself! Sounds like the perfect night in!
Tie game, so naturally since Axford did so well yesterday it only makes sense to throw him again.. in the bottom of the 9th......
The road to legion state starts here lol.
After 3 disappointing games Ronaldo finally could score - 2-1
I am very disappointed. Khan sb zakat k paisay na khaein, govt se paisa banaein. This is outrageous. -.-
Soooo much fun
Because youth is a thing of the mind : APC elected a 52 year old Youth Leader? If true, why?
Maybe we should cut Davis and bring him back. That should help.
I wonder if this Gerrard/Lampard combo can work?
Making fun of some hopefuls.
This year just keeps getting fucking better. No really, please, go ahead outdo yourself.
I hope that somebody will Instagram tonight's moon.
Way to take the high road
Khuda Isliye Mujh Se Khafa Hai...\nKe Main Sajde Ki Qeemat Chahta Hoon.\n\n
Of course you mentioned it !
Wow this morning rules
So is shitting on Ironclad, the guys behind
What's more fun than grocery shopping with kids? Getting a tire fixed before you go to the grocery store.
I love driving 20 mins into work only to find out the deck is closed and I get sent home
Because I love doing my make up for no reason...
I didn't just watch about an hour of vine compilations. I'm more responsible than that.
It's not like mason wanted to talk to you anyways.
Crossing the border for work tomorrow. Eurgh! But fun for having to put up with me for the journey
have i told you that mohawk makes you look badass
So guys can totally start an alliance, BUT OMG GIRLS CANT!!!!! Horrible Joey.
The fantastic two and a half hours sleep I've had today has really set me up for nights, tonight. !!!!!!
Mmmm. Gas station food.
Someone made a mistake somewhere. There is no way the had three players voted in as all-star starters right.
Yeah you're clearly going places in life doin what you're doing
I fucking love Mondays.
Cavolo, ho proprio visto come Stiles non sopporta la compagnia di Malia lmao
Because nobody has figured out how to download a streaming youtube video
Ville Leino getting bought out by the What a shocker that is.
Bloggers be like: "Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research "
so the rest of the trolls could see it? RT : lool so y u rt it boss
Your obviously too cool to text me back.
morning all happy Monday
I absolutely love airports.
1st game Cahill, now Jagielka ... probably still Rooney's fault!
The way the neon light bounces off of your face as you ignore the sun is so attractive
Wow the broadband and wireless is just so fast
Coworkers that can make you cry are awesome.
Sorry for all the RTs of Rovers announcing new signings lately.
Thanx for the feed back.
Hey Bombers, \"is 13 your favorite number\", \"how about that 13th man\", \"cant you count\"??.. I'm done now.
Braces actually got nothing do with someone's beauty.
jacob your awesome
Well I feel like I was missed
Well, hasn't this been a fun work day........just love 4 hour meetings...
Don't you just love people who talk about themselves constantly, I know I do! Yaaaawn...
It's finally raining in Butler County. We sure do need it.
Can't wait to go on vacation...hope its to the beach...I can be like ppl on insta. And spin my flag and rifle on the beach.
Getting taken for granted&gt;&gt;&gt;
Oh yeah... I'm a girl. I know nothing about the draft
Well if that wasn't just the icing on the cake to this fantastic week I don't know what is..
So bored won't be able to play a game for another four days
Listening to waka scream "BRICKSQUAD" Before school gets me too amped
Let's play switch gender with things men have actually said: "Only skinny men are worthy of affection."
I feel like I need to \"\" every time I talk so people know I'm not being serious
I didn't even know it was flat till a stranger told me :')
Today's mood: Bitchy with a chance of !
Queste si che sono le notizie che ti fanno stare tranquilla...
Yay chuck e cheese pizza for lunch......
Yep definitely getting a summer cold ... amazing!! Just what's needed I think
I vote we skip ahead to Wednesday.
Didn't fall asleep until 1:30 am because of the neighbors...Thanks for that. I really, REALLY appreciate it.
This battle for 2nd place is intense!
Nothing like waking up to I love having whisper ever so softly, , in my ear
Dell seems to be getting cheap. Looks like all we get is warm water today unless you're a coffee fan
I give England Fans los of kudos for staying humorous
Tough loss, but good thing I have "what does the fox say " on CD to listen to over and over again on the ride home .
Everybody is all like \"Beat the Germans\" and I'm all like \"Already happened back in '45!\"
I watered my lawn for over an hour tonight... and now it's raining. Yayyy...
Hip Hop videos with guns and street chaos.
What the actual fuck, ...So glad I can play gta and it's not frozen on a screen that makes me sign in but I can't!
Literally was just locked in my office. Office pranks are cool.
Well aren't you nice
quick work outs to manage anxiety are the best work outs.
Can't wait for drum camp in two weeks!
Ive just been on the edge of my seat for 90mins watching England, such an exciting game
I apologize for being weird biatches
A 4 o'clock rain shower in Daytona?!??
Still no call back from manager between Friday evening and now that was promised. Great work !
I just love being the driver.
Oh you're killing us. You send out a confirmation for store pick up and you don't have the merchandise.
I just love listening to mums scream at their unruly kids across the school playground ....
running off of a few hours of sleep before practice is always the best
Oh boy! I can't wait till Halo 5 announcement!
Thanks Spain, you're really making my bracket look good.
U kno life is exciting when ur watchin YouTube videos of "how to install a window" @ 1am. Home Depot outing tomoro w kiddos!!
My favorite song right now is "Hey" by Miley and Pharrell.
Let me make a vine cover with auto tune! :D
Well that was fun. Great game. See ya again at next year's cup.
UGH. I WISH WINTER WAS HERE. THIS HEAT SUCKS.
Wow ur all such partiers wow ur so cool you talk about drinking all the time I wanna be like the rest of my grade wow
I can't wait to read all the \"Prodigal Son \" articles tomorrow.
So in news, the Redskins name is up for debate. but the Crisis in Iraq Is gett'n no play. I just love American Media.
is an intelligent way of insulting stupid people!
yup that's how I like to start off my morning
Im the kinda person where if its 1205am, i will invite people to my house claiming "later today"
YAY! Writing job applications and updating my CV! Funnest night EVER!
Up at 5am to catch a plane. Wooooh this is fun!
It's good to know I'm just a set of boobs to you
So, this is doing wonders for our vacation.
Does Mexico need to ask Graham Zusi to score again?
I couldnt imagine being a LeBron fan. It must be so hard to stay faithful to someone who has been the best in the world for 10 yrs
First, a headbutt, now a bite. Italians can't get a break.
Whelp, it was a good series
Whatever it is, I didn't do it. \n\n\n
Appreciate the heads up!
So we now have the government noticing that children eat too much sugar. Really? I'd never have guessed.
Earrings are for girls
Let's all be honest, Spain was fucking sleeping on the field while Holland was playing aggressively. Shame on you spain lmao
People still licking Van Gaals arse? Lol. It's simple, Krul is better at saving penalties so he put him in goal!! Mastermind!!
Passing out at the docs surgery isn't embarrassing at all
When someone says "probably"
So it looks like my g\/f works for a company where you have to ask the POTUS for the day off. Not really but they act like it.
s\/o to my dad for being ever so nice and shutting off my data for a month.
Yay, another six months!
May have perturbed him a little, since he is a former Marine. Vietnam Vet w\/ Intelligence and Interrogation background. OOORAH!
You know how to make a girl feel great about herself.
What's a boring show that'll put me to sleep?
There is no classier act than dumping someone through a text
What a hockey game!!! Going to run out of beer!!!
Man, Embiid looks like he really has a good grasp of how blessed he is.
One hour phone discussion with supervisor disputing a $302 bill, he offers $12 off! What a gem!
Off to plumbing class
if I'm single it's a choice
Crazy Friday night party time!!!!!! Yeah!!!!!!!
I love being inside my workplace when its soo nice out!!
Yay SAT prep!
Another thunderstorm. Isn't that just great.
Sorry, I didn't get your text. Just kidding I ignored that shit !\n
I love pushing a hemorrhoid back in someone's butthole early in the morning.
Yaa thanks for always making me happy :))))
Now that is funny! RT: \"Slut jokes are just whoreable.\"
Only 11 more days then I'm out of this lovely town
Longest day of the year. I am sure that means I will get extra stuff done.
Obviously my last tweet was
200m at sports day tomorrow will be fun...
gee I wonder who the first Team America (FUCK YEAH) member will be???
Thank you, Jesus, for Diet Coke. Without it, there may not be as many kids on this earth.
Well that was one amazing dentist visit... I'll probably have to have surgery... oh yes
9 pm dinner because my day was well planned out
Corner flags will move. My mind is blown.
yea feeling awesome
Great! The hillbillies across the street bought a karaoke machine.
Just watched . Moral of the story: Just live. Wow. That's deep. We all have our own choices. No kidding.
I'm rude and sometimes. God that felt great to tell you guys. It's no longer a secret, now you know who I really am
Colombia about to get rocked!
My life is so exciting.
Aaaaaand a penalty kick... our specialty!
Dan Gilbert consulted &amp; before hiring David Blatt to lure back.
Now why r u being racist
Cueto vs Giants: this should be exciting
Amazin how Modi ji single handedly made d missile launch possible while due to previous govt, v r facin current rail n petrol hike
One day I'll figure it all out 'veGotTime
I've never been the one to turn down a chance to be narcissistic. Hahaha
Yeah, right. &lt;-
Blah max delays. Cause sitting on an unmoving train is how I want to spend my day.
So the Jack White gig that Jo and I have tickets to has been brought forward to Thursday - nice of to keep us informed.
All the colouring I did this semester has prepared me so well for the bio exam.
I love it when people overreact.
Glad i bought all those shorts, T's and shades this morning otherwise id have nothing to wear in this lovely weather
Masoom loug hai waisa he ..
&amp; youuu...youre really making me feel like a "best friend" lately HAHAHA.
Wow, Caroline Forbes sure has trouble attracting guys...
Seeing This Pic Made my Day
Just when I thought things were getting better, I was yelled at for being the worthless parasite that I am.
Having a hypoglycemic attack while stuck in traffic on the 101 is the best thing that is ever happened to me.
Aw sweet, a touchless home toilet. What kinda dirty mothafuzz you live with; seriously though, how'd I get pinkeye?
I love all my friends that are helping me through this emotional shit
Wait, the Spurs have several great international players... How can they be champions without having played AAU ball?
The mog mentality of the furry fandom is /adorable/.
the mattresses our so comfortable
Well thanks the the support. \n
Why yes, I do want to be at home alone with 2 very tired children when I'm supposed to be tidying and packing, thanks.
Cole and I's dinner is chicken fingers and tater tots. Boy am I gonna make a great wife some day.
Soooo not only are the refs rigging the game, Mueller now has a hat trick. Bravo FIFA
Do the Cavs have Miami's first round pick next year? i am sure that wont be a lottery pick with dwade and josh mcroberts.
There is a god
I love it when sprinklers water the sidewalk and you instead of the grass.
Glad Carey is commentating, balanced unbiased opinion is what they need \n
Ahh well that was so cute lol. I love pissy people
\": Yet still you retain your professionalism.your e-mails today were ace. \" ?
- Where common things come in handy, like common sense and new things become useless..
plans canceled so thats cool ha
Messi is playing so hard and almost never loses the ball!
Incredible right? My word. Now that was a twistRegina_Baggie: Oh yeah, we're all just thrilled about them. "
Wow I love when you include me in your group
Kane?! WTF?! Well I was right that would win. Yay....
Glad my friends are MIA
And now the younger girl imitates her. That's good parenting.
Walang tulogan again! We're stuck in our hotel room. But this one is fun though
If only Tim Duncan could get good looks and be efficient from the field!
I really love when people retweet accounts like \"Sex Freaks\" or \"Sex Facts\"
I get upset when hen other people's phones make sounds, because it distracts me from quiet time with *my* phone.
Gosh I just hate when people reply to me, especially when I ask a question
\"Do you work here?\" \"No, I dress like this for fun\"
The best feeling in the world is being stood up &amp; third wheeled
Kerry: "it is critical for to show in the next hours, literally, that they're moving to help disarm the Terrorists in Syria"
Good thing the beaches aren't crowded at all today
It's said that is the lowest form of . To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a !"
Gotta love stock days
Thanks Frieri! We love how you give up games\/wins in the 9th inning, you're the best.
Oh Gotze, should have been a goal! These German players are terrible!
I didn't know I was re-watching with the whole house voting together. How exciting.
Russia threatens to invade Ukraine, mobilises army, deploys tanks and scouts - \"Oh, I know. Let's have a ceasefire!\"
Just dropped my phone running across the road and the screens smashed, today is such a good day
Gotta love an open ballot
Damn, a school year surrounded by you idiots
Phil Jackson doesn't want Carlos Boozer in a sign and trade? Get out of here.
totally stunned was the first team to go 2 and BBQ in
dah kau aku tgok hari2 berkepit ngan balak kau, celah mana kau sambut father's day? gi mampus
Notice how no one wants to sign in I wonder why
so much joy ()
Why sure I'd love to get no sleep and have a throbbing leg. .P.Issues
Many companies also don't believe in injuries or sickness. Why should they have to pay for those?
Nak pilih calon Presiden Indonesia siap ada debat-debat lagi..tak demokrasi langsung. \n\n*Mujurlah di Msia DEBAT BUKAN BUDAYA.\n\n
No more thornton and no more Iginla. Way to go . Great job getting better.
I forgot how much I enjoyed mile repeats....
all im saying is those posts/tweets you read that make you go really? what are you thinking, like that was intelligent!
I look good either way
Guess it's a good time to hit the store for provisions. Grocery stores aren't busy on holidays, right?
Well this game isn't nerve wracking at all.
In one eat and out the other, always the best.
Chill hoor dat kijken via livestream! !
now I'm jittery.... This medicine just keeps getting better and better....
Birthday coming soon!!!! I'm so happy!!\n
Hey liberals, the us leaving Iraq fixed everything, right?
Omg ? No idea
Thank you manager for responding to my texts and email letting me know if I'm needed Monday.
Thumping headache, back is killing me and sunburn hurts like a bitch but at least I get to be totally alone until god knows win
Days off of work are overrated...
Suarez..I'm surprised he would do something like..had always seemed like an upstanding citizen.
El verano empieza fabulosamente bien :)))
Headed to the country side for the weekend to hang with the fam. What joy.
First business trip to Othello and Walla Walla... Gonna be a lot to see out there
Thanks for pullin out in front of me kris... That almost didn't end terrible for everyone..
tomorrows gonna be fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
I love when people pretend to be an ally, but turn around and use slurs and defend their right to use them against us.
Mom: well you can't cook it.
Today just seems to be my lucky day
Yay it's almost time for school
We're just in this racket to promote our religion. \n\n
Had such a great time getting burritos with ! Luckily it stopped raining a while ago!
That's was an awesome interview well done
Dance at 7 am? YAAAY....
Oh fun days at the office
Gotta love it when you trust Google maps with the public transit timing, and it takes TWICE as long
Lovvvvvve working a almost 10 hour floorset and having to work in 4 hours after getting off.
wow that was a yellow card on Van Persie great call refs
Tim McCarver tells the best stories
Obviously the NSA is lying.\n\nIf only Snowden had been in a position to copy the documents proving he had done it
I really love to be ignored. It is seriously awesome
My whole tl is full of people spamming... Amazing!!
Very few fouls given in this game
Which was basically 2 months ago. Thanks now I'm officially a twitter user.
All you soccer "fans" who know history, don't you remember 1986, '90 with Germany and Argentina? I'm sure you remember it so well.
When everything goes wrong in a day and all you can think is \"I love my life.\"
Indians clearly trying to compete with browns and cavs in the news with the Dickerson blockbuster
I love how today's the first day of summer and it's been beautiful all week except today.
I'm spending my morning at the social security administration.
THIS IS MEEE THIS IS REALLLLL
So I wake up tomorrow on vacation. SON OF A.....!!! Rub it!!! Rub it!!!
in that last tweet
really thought it was going to be the end for and I but thankfully we made it to my favorite city
At least we have Thorburn back!!!
I've opened at least 20 wordless tweets with just a vine of hart screaming at ball boys. Hope there's more.....\n
Thanks for the invitation?
Oh it's work time, fun.
I love how barbri makes my dreams come true with a contracts essay, real property essay, and con law essay all in one day!
Imran Khan considers to dismiss Shireen Mazari, she can't explain why isn't Imran able to create such a fuss. Imran is furious!
Can this week go any slower?
Luckily bad backs aren't usually a lingering injury...
Yay you can hunt in Witcher
My response to someone who claims their relative is in heaven: \"Because you're the ultimate Judge and Creator, right?\"
You don't understand has to be my favorite line...
I want to see the pre-game drug test results for Brazil vs. Colombia.
Dont you just love it when everyone around you has a relationship and youre just here waiting for the pizza delivery guy.
Wish England had quality players like Helder Postiga!
glad to be watching the lego movie yet again.
Mom: Do u guys have chargers?\nMe: Yeah.\nNatalie: Where r u gonna plug them in?\nMe: There's wall outlets\nNatalie: Yeah like two!\n
My wisdom teeth are out and now I get to deal with a swollen face for the next week.
im flattered. lol
Everyone's so chatty in the staffroom..
Well that was a fun 6 and a quarter hour drive to Manchester!
i'm so evil before my first coffee. and, well, after that..
Dear mom and mom's husband, thanks for the slightly embarrassing and not-at-all obvious introduction. Appreciate it.
Maybe we need a petition to relax Baby Blue's hair? Stick a weave in? Because a 2 year old with natural black hair is awful.
You don't say! Cameroon ties the game at 1. What were the odds of that happening?
I just love when people don't text me back. It just makes my day.
Yes, more good guys with guns. I think a police state would be a great way for us to better enjoy our 2nd amendment.
Job applications. What fun
The cultural problem at Penn State is really getting out of hand!
Ryan Leaf......A man among men!......
$7000 for 8 months of school... that doesn't sound like a daylight robbery at all...
Oh yay church
how many years has it been since somebody walked on water again?
You landed 1 ticket into our $10k contest(no joke!).Visit our shortlink 2 claim. \/\/OMFG! best experience ever!!!
I start work on Monday so I kinda wanna do something fun tomorrow. I mean more fun than my days usually are ya know?
Another Persian restaurant on the Uxbridge Road, good job there isn't many already!
Dad is now home for the summer. Great.
Men only discuss about how, when and where beat this
Ok ok ... I admit it. She IS a local "village girl",fighting the Ukrainian army ...
Over 200,000 Americans have travelled to Brazil for .
\"Did you know? They're renaming this building the William S. Burroughs Center for the arts.\" Grant Heart
I chose the perfect time to get my licensed renewed.
LeBron and Carmelo are free agents? Why is ESPN not reporting on this?
Having a ton of fun thinking and driving!
Note to self: not everyone gets
Hope I die before I get old is now a mute point..|
Oh good Germany won
Like.. it's working out.
Good thing my bfs here..
I really didn't care who won this year.. But hopefully the flames can take it next year!!
It'd be a bummer if the rink lost power and the clinic got cancelled tonight
Yup, EVERYONE saw Italy, England, and Spain not making out of group play...
My favorite memories of are his public fights with fellow conservatives about pointless things for ego feeding.
So glad that my husband instead of congratulate me for running 3 miles he tells me it isn't good enough and I need to push more
My self-designed garment is obviously knitted in woolly, woollly wool which is totally delightful in June.
Oh....so we actually remembered how to score.
favorite holiday and already in bed. awesome.
Just because mexicans make good tacos doesnt mean that they will win today. Go Brazil
This night turned out super fucking fantastic
I really love not talking all day.
Nothing more exhilarating than a 0-0 tie
Recently informed an ex of mine is shooting up - Lovely. I always knew how to pick 'em
The in-laws are coming today...yay...
Eye doctor tomorrow, can't wait for them to tell me (for the 3rd year in a row) that I'm going blind.
Thanks for successfully showing how bossy and mean Michele is through your UNFAIR EDITS.
*Brazilians sing national anthem with more enthusiasm than any country ever* Commentator: "I get the feeling, that they are ready."
Transformers at 24% on rotten tomatoes. Whodathunk a Michael Bay movie would do so bad with critics.
.Everyone knows u fight the worst of the worst w\/letters&amp;hashtags.
Always fun to have to stand on a train, even if it is only half an hour...
There is another soccer player down.. I hope he's ok
no , it didn't hurt my feelings at all
Sooooo we have white people commenting about sports names that use racial Native slurs. Makes sense
There was nothing I wanted more tonight than a thousand snapchat stories of fireworks! They all look so cool! !
Yay I'm sick! threw up today :(
David Huff certainly was productive tonight.
Ugh, gotta wake up early tomorrow to watch the game. My life is so difficult.
Dear fans at stoke tonight..u did awesome in giving stokies a good name...nice 1 for fighting through most of the show
I can hardly contain my excitement to go sit in a mill and do fuck all for 10 hours and get paid to do it.
But you do. See LOL!!! RT : mYlo like I don't know you by now...
Look at Iraq right now.. Our war and billions of dollars really accomplished a lot
is part of me, my sense of humor, &amp; helps me cope w/life but when I'm mad &amp; use ... Watch out! I might hurt your feelings.
Work should be fun.
Well that was a refreshing 3 hours of sleep
Thanks "bro". Means alot, .
When diet, exercise and patience make you gain more weight, you're doing something right! -_-
Congrats! Achievement yan! Hahahaha :D
I love how they ignore me everytime
So thankful I was blessed with thunder thighs
LeBron James is opting out of his contract with the Miami Heat to become a free agent... nobody saw that coming.
Thanks for cutting off my card completely. Leaving me with barely any cash and no access to any. Bloody legends!
Thank you soooo sooooo much!
Somebody go ahead and shoot me.It would be the best thing that has happened to me all day
Rudy's Tacos for dinner with the padres. Yummy!
So many activities here
Torn between standing pat and adding skill for the - don't want to jeopardize another high draft pick.
Like, people will believe/interpret anything to fulfil some sort of confirmation bias. So happy you've done so much for society!
It's such an awesome thing when you realize fellow Americans -specifically in - don't give a fuck about .
Idk man, there's just someone about a man who knows not to treat a woman like an object
I hope Brat defeats Trammell because guns.
Guy at ATM says he thought it would've been funny to come up and say give me all your $. Yeah, that would've been hilarious.
Thank you for that last minute cancellation without any notice.
I love it when my internet shuts off when I'm in the middle of writing a blog post.
I fuckin love retail!!!
What am listening to on air about spain is very annoying
It's good to know I have a great friend who will help me and be there for me when I'm dealing with the toughest time in my life
Work on a Saturday..?!? Oh, wow geez whizz! Thanks Marine Corp
Spending 2 hours squeegeeing the pool deck and picking up leaves and is definitely why I became a lifeguard
I use because killing people is illegal!
Women wearing sock with sandals &amp; heels?! Seriously, wear your uggs instead ladies, that would be a better look. don't wear uggs ;)
This Girl's Such A Genius. I'm Sure Einstein Would Be Jealous.
If I see another post about all that vapor crap I'm probably gonna punch an infant.
Get this, "technically" doesn't have to win Thursday. No yeah, it's an exciting sport.
Whoo hoo!!! Go Giants!!!
Well that's random
It's always good to know that you were the accident child.
2/2 Being on satellite Internet is always so reliable Like now when it took 20 minutes for tweet part 2.
and meet to discuss the border crisis. What a meeting of 2 brilliant minds.
Well good luck , hope you can beat without your star defender Thiago Silva. Germany will destroy!!
This is my 40th tweet. I invite any and all entities to bask in the glory of it's sheer uselessness
Feeling depressed, cuz I didn't get enough attention for being a Father on Facebook today.
My last Retweet is not an endorsement. Have you read her divorce book? Never known such suffering
I'm so excited and proud of myself for this, I'm so glad you shared in my happiness and didn't put me down
I feel sooooooo dope right now
What a shocker: Bases loaded w/ 1 out, and the come away with nothing. 3 LOB.
Today has just been a fantastic fucking day.
Oh sure doc... You wanna slice me open and take a few more of my organs. Hey why not....
Baa punya laju
The new redesign of Dazzler is awesome because punk is so much more relevant these days than dance music.
At least the day i forget my headphones at the gym they play ACDC over and over
\"IF ITALY\"advances we have to probably play Colombia In the next round.should be fun playing against Cuadrado, and James Rodriguez.
We have hoaming grenades. COD wins E3.
Nooooo you can't tell that I've been in the sun...
Good thinking hosgson! Take our best player off! Nah... We're gunna win now trust!!!
What friends are for?
Nani with a shocking move: taking it himself, shooting, and missing.
Alfie and Terry up there....! ....
Being an overnight internet sensation was surely a blast
Kohls: The Bane of all Men
Everybody posting pictures with their fathers, and I'm feeling left out..
Why go to the beach when you can sit at home and work all day for free
Good to be home
I wonder how everything in is with and his "wonderful" .
Seriously tho! Yeah, because $250 is going to raise a child for the next year. Thanks..\n
Love hearing gunshots down the street when I'm going to bed. It really does help me sleep better knowing somebodys gettin capped.
Was that an albino right there?
What a night full of surprises, and it's only Tuesday!
If robbers ever broke into my house searching for money, I would just laugh and search with them
Excellent job being in tune with reality Supreme Court.
Sunday night baseball , couldn't be any more excited.
I have great timing just to let yall know.
Guess what day it is!?!? The day I get to spend hours at the social security office. Yes!!!!! So stoked
Nothing is as fun as starting your day having to jump start the car that you juuuust spent $125 getting a new battery for.
$LULU up 3%. Maybe it should merge with $APP? Chip Wilson and Dov Charney seem to be kindred spirits.
RT : Anibal Sanchez is going to throw a no-hitter today.
I cant eat donuts or pizza. Jee thanx allergies
Ladies Love Cool Con...
I could do this until I graduated from law school
Things seem rigged at Yreka- 77 on pole up there again.
did you guys know I have a twitter? () Just because I don't use it often doesn't mean I never will. Example - this post
Generator, satellite tv, wifi, hot food, coffee. Geez, this roughing it is pretty hard. :p
Yes, now why don't we all protest and change or display pics for Iraq. Because symbolic activism really can change the world!!!
In skool having a boring time YAAAAAY \n
- Work of the day
I love being sick so much
Can't wait for most girls to pretend they know anything about football later
Because of course I need to add to my porcelain teacup collection :s
Having SO MUCH FUN at work while our computers aren't working
After this practice, I will have gone to all practices this week. I'm just a little bit sore
Who cares about soccer when the nba draft is here!!
Too bad the aren't playing well GO ROYALS !!
Don't you just love when people make it a point to tell you not to be late and they're late
sorry if it bothers you
Why are Chileans waving Texan flag?
\": RT : Kiper fav jelas Iker Casillas, jagonya bikin belanda lolos 16 Besar \"
Watching: "enjoying my Punjabi hotness - Bengali perspective"!!! they telecast in "Go to hell" channel
omg there is a whole article about Ellie Goulding "breaking up" a fight...what a fucking hero -_-
yay. there's a band playing at a restaurant in nashville. yussss i can't talk to my friends. im so happy.
Oh good. My bus has broken down. Didn't want to go home anyway.
BIG SHOCKER Louis Suarez bit somebody.... holy shit when does that ever happen
Can more people please post pictures of fireworks? I've never seen fireworks before!
Yay, the one thing you want on a Monday morning at work... No EFTPOS!!
We bring you 's top 10 with his friends but with some . Watch the video to know more.
Don't know if I can cope with Phil Neville's excitement. The vibrant tone of his commentating is at dangerous levels!
I'm glad I have Twitter or else I wouldn't know it was storming...
Apparently there was some sort of soccer game and concert today, and I slept through both.
The tongue in cheek emoticon is :j . I will need to memorize that one.
Getting lost in Camden was definitely the highlight of my day today
I love one word texts!
: Mankind's greatest enemy. Well... That and ... Yay and !
mama's all right
im sure israelies would do the same if the roles were reversed.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Watching to my favorite doctor
Seriously tho! Yeah, because $250 is going to raise a child for the next year. Thanks..
What awesome news, this day just keeps getting better!
I am sure the Russians will listen to you Mark...~KW
Watching titanic in Spanish cuz ya know it just makes it 10x better
Woo my refrigerator just went out !!
S/o to brazil and the ref for a great game and for playing completely fair
Gramps is tripping out on the soccer guys haircuts and come to this conclusion: so jotos play soccer. Right on. Better him than me.
I really have an awesome bed. Wooooh. Sarap matulog.
\"We have championship DNA\". Because that's something that definitely exists. And if it does its something the spurs TOTALLY lack
How dare he enjoy a baseball game!!!!! Doesn't he have work to do??? Is that a glass of beer?? Awful.....
Well this day just keeps getting better and better
Yes! to the Sixers!
I can't wait to watch the great migration of bandwagoners from Miami to Cleveland.
Is awake! Ready for another fun day of.... Sitting round doing nothing with my arm(s) in slings!!! Hooray!
I wonder if Andrew Winter will be watching the match tonight
So, is going to show Miley Cyrus' Bangerz concert on TV...that's just the best idea that network has came up with yet...
Le Tour De France = Two of my most beloved London treasures THE FRENCH + CYCLISTS
Steven Gerrard has been poor
On the bright side, if is banned for 2 years then RM or Barca won't sign him.....
my social life is amazing
Dear Internets: thank you sooo much for providing lyrics to - and thus ruining *forever* - the theme from .
Great story on about 2 guys watching soccer
The ISIS attacks in Iraq have to be the most clever marketing campaign ever made by a tv show
God I just love when my time and money it's wasted
Luiz Suarez should get an award for all those games he got through without biting anyone!
It's my favourite day again
.What?? Lying, cheating, gerrymandering committed more crime? Oh the shock &amp; amazement.
Yayyyy a sleepless night. Great.
Yeah, but does it offer me \"peace of mind?\"\n
Goal technology proved again thats its a goal
I'm so disappointed at missing an exhilarating first half to the football, damn you work!
Speedy efficient service &amp; short waits for appointments. RT : The spent $10.2M on advertising? Advertising what?
FUNNY it's so FUNNY! -_-
its okay. Dont everyone slide into my dm at once.
I love how I still have school when i'm not in school.
So yeaaaaah.... My life rocks.
9 hours in a tat shop, a little longer than I thought it would be. good thing I made an apt.
Waiting for supporters to start foaming at the mouth as disrupts .
Juve's sales: 27,3 million, buys: 17,5 million, the amount spent on players that will play fo us: 0. Why are Juventini complaining?
There was zero
romour suggest tht luis suarez wont join barca unless they offer him orgy frm russia!!!hahahaha!!
You have to love it when people take a year to reply to your texts.
Happy iftar la, apa kelas sebut selamat berbuka
So glad all those gang initiations didn't happen in Cape... I was soo worried with all the reliable sources
Yay Monday :)
.Where's the Timberwolves or Raptors photos?!
Alone and in severe pain.... Fantastic!
Andrea? Impulsiva? \nNooooooo
Oh such an amazing morning ! I love how today's starting .
O hey look, is on pace for over 100 RBIs and 30 homers. Yep. He's washed up alright
You know what's awesome? Large corporations making up words in their advertising.
Wait eps 1-5 scripts have been leaked? Well I'd never have known!
Those British Accents are on point
Great work on photo uploads for pages this morning, .
Off to a great start this morning
Open carry march in the 5th ward? BRILLIANT
One day I will cut myself. Unless someone decks me first ;)
You're chatting with your friend and he's using in the whole conversation a ...and sometimes it's too much
I played for NSCP soccer team..freshman year. After that,never again.
I don't like when you're busy.
oh what a great start to this fucking morning.
While I'm happy for a Pacific Rim sequel, please don't make an animated series of it.
thats how Theron keeps it \"respectful\"
I'm sure is RELIEVED that POTUS thinks some of his ideas regarding border issue actually \"made sense\"
We bought out Ville Leino? what a surprise!!
I guess we don't believe in using the ac in this house. Solid.
Gotta love memory lane !
This world is full of gods wonderful children not stupid ignorant people! Dur.
The game ball went into the stands and a methhead gave it to his son...very touching
Gotta love getting 2 death threats before 10am.
Waiting for my phone to unf*ck itself. Thanks a heap for the great cell and customer service !
In case you haven't heard Carmelo is leaving the Knicks!
Well I guess I didn't want to talk to you today. ?
So i've been told that I eyeroll in my sleep......
thanks 4 the invite!
Gee, looks like is a tough ticket to get.
\": Yayyyyy. More One Direction..\"
Hannah is congratulating me for completing my game
Loving how cold it is today! No seriously, no - I really like the :D
Gonna be a rough night...
My heart made of steel
Just imagine how much faster Jimmy Rollins could have broke this record if he hustled
Jacob Zuma handling a couple of jabs in his State Address about cleaning, lol
I love being replaced. I live for it.
This day is just getting better and better :)))))))
Good lord, new Assain's creed? Wow, best ever so far.
I love how much you care.
Why yes I totally wanted more tasks to do with the same time to do everything. Oh you wont hire anyone else or me yea ok cool...
28. Ever dated?
Well that was fun
UN agency: Seized Iraq nuclear material is no risk
Fernando Torres will surely save Spain
I love it when people ignore important questions like yes that makes me more interested in you.
Oh, excellent! Really excited to see how well that works out for you. ()
So proud of these ladies, only 2 breaks in the first hour.. Gah, such strong willed souls!
I have become very tired of people claiming Belle gets Stockholm Syndrome.
Really don't know if my heart will take another pulsating half of football like that.......!!
Wow am I ever gonna be cool enough to hangout outside QT?
stacking the deck against Cena, again I'm in total shock
For all you thick cunts out there!!
YAY SUMMER CLASS!
I am shocked -- shocked! -- The Forum turned its back on Walaker and endorsed Wimmer for Fargo mayor. Couldn't see that one coming.
It's always fun to be honked at by old men
I have enjoyed every single tweet about dequan
When someone describes themselves as a "bubbly person" I think no style, a little dim and possibly overweight.
Again, I ask a direct question, get looked at, then completely ignored. I feel so respected.
Feeling fantastic this morning
Has anyone heard where Lebron is going yet?
People with first world problems are awesome.
Love getting held over on holidays....
Such a lovely lovely morning
is great way to relieve yourself of stress and people.
I'm just a normal functioning member of the human race, and there's no way anyone can prove otherwise. \n
We live in a new age people! Just drove by a motel that is advertising color tv. What will they think of next!? :)
oh wow... and adventure tweet about upgrading your ticket. A logo with an ostrich instead of a rabbit maybe? is back
If you utter the words \"I'm a regular here\" it's the secret to 5-star service. Employees love that shit.
is real &amp; gets my "Game Of Every Year Forever" award. don't even have to play it to know how good it is.
Nothing better than spending my at home doing tons of homework
I really wish I was as smart as you, I'm so jealous of you I just can't
If a child were to ask for a box of cookies and was given a few proceeded to claim you were anti child would you be so, .
Got an A on the financial accounting test. Shocker.
PS if they cover Viagra that's bullshit obviously God gave those men ED for a reason right?
I'm tasting blood 24/7... Awesome!!
Heard BG turned into a twerk fest. Nothing like seeing young, college coeds twerk on a washed up rapper.
Can't wait to watch the scum v chelski game. boring mourinho v boring van Gaal.
=O Tom Brady is only ranked 3rd on the ?! How dare they what a crime!
My life is great. .
Calling the cops on people is my favorite thing to do on the fourth of July.
Back in England and I am really really happy about this
What a miss by the Man City legend Jo.
Another day of another opportunity to hear Sonny threaten life of another. How original. How interesting. Incredible dialogue.
Had an awesome time with young guys and girls of although I do feel bad about demolishing them in putt putt.
Life at this point is fantastic
Look at distance covered for Tejada!!!
OH MY GOD THERE IS A JEEP ON THE PRT!!!
WOO ... can't wait to end my last day of the short work week with a mechanic instead of ACTUALLY doing something fun!
Awhh my boss is so sweet... I can go in at 4:15 rather than 4:00.... Youre the best!
Surprised the Nuggets hiring of a GM who worked for the Wizards and the Bobcats (when they both sucked) is making bad decisions.
how DARE you violate her \"freedom of speech\"
Thanx for all ur help.
That time Where you seeing a hot girl at public and wishing you could see her again. But it never happened.
Can't believe broke the news via a print/outlet/article. Doesn't he know print is dead?!?!
Yay for semi-spontaneous adventures that end up at Hardee's.
Oh paperwork... Where have you been all my life...
Source: Lebron and Bosh will eventually decide where they will play next season.
Why yes, giraffes can represent any African country, since they're all interchangeable, anyway.
They say it is a secret but they posted it online.
Yay. Tommy Dreamer.
HE TWEETED A PIC OF OG HEAT HARDAWAY HES STAYINGGGGGGG
work has been so fun recently!
I love it when people cheer for a team without rhyme or reason...
We already knew about the special and the two years hiatus for a series three episodes long (-.-)...so this was the big news?! Wow!
What is \"Australian culture\" exactly?
Glad we have Jimenez for 4 yrs.
Whoa, huge shocker!
Rescheduled to fly to Atlanta. But no flight to bham! Stuck in Atlanta until tomorrow morning! Today has been a great day!
Training is over being I was cut. Today starts the job hunt....again. Can you tell I'm excited??
, it scares people...
I just love when my neighbor starts practicing his bagpipes
I love it when my friend tell me I'm not tan I'm red.
Koke, Isco, Thiago, Morata, Deulofeu, Jese, Inigo, Montoya, Alba, Tello, Carvajal, De Gea.. Yeah I'm sure Spain have big problems
I think Lebron is taking his talents to the Hornets
Gee....even disappoints Obama. Is there not anyone out there smart enough to truly understand his greatness?
Best. Night. Ever.
What u mean speeches and govt. Investment deals isn't earning money
Dear , thank you for the 400 separate construction zones that have added an hour and a half to my drive home. -85
There is no better way to start ur day then finding out some things that cause u to loose trust in someone you've trusted for 5 yrs
wHAT a thrill it was to read that J.Crew has introduced size 000. Now maybe I can find something to wear:-) :-) peg
Even if the US had scored there, the ref would've given offside. Good refereeing sir!
\": \" Chris Paul is the best point guard in the league but not a leader
Smalling already proving 5 mins into the game why he is a beast of a defender. Still shocked at the fact that he gets in any team.
At least our bullpen is getting some rest.
Hey, we all know that Ryan Miller was wayyy better than Hasek, right?
Came back to the best news: I'm scheduled for work when I was supposed to get it off for Warped. This is fantastic
Hope your nights just great
Twitter is alive and well, let me tell ya.
Love a delayed flight...
An idiot and a devil such a beautiful pic
Everyone pick a postcard that represents their emotions after childbirth. Learning so much in this class.
You don't like do you ?
We will be going to Charlotte to check out some exotic autos next month
My mistake. I thought we were both supposed to be in charge. Guess I was wrong.
Sorry I don't conform to societies conventions or conservative white middle aged Americans think I should be or be about
people who are not able to work professionally really gets on my nerve. you get paid and you worked for nothing
I was told by my OG's buying drums from another producer is some sucker shit. But what do they know? Not like they got credits.
3 hours of sleep maybe, an now a 10 hour work day. Oh my gosh yay this is going to be such a great day!
What a fantastic weekend....
Thanks for the amazing \"welcome home\" mom
My breath smells so minty and fresh, right now it ain't something that can kill someone :)
I mean... escuintla is not ready for a beauty princess like me :3 ......
I love when spammers follow me.
And I won't be able to swim while I'm on my trip so yayyyyy
Because directed at those who threatened her over a "pro-life" shirt is the same as &amp; beheading "infidels."
Now every parody account is going to have to compete with my little blue check mark...
I love how no one I have called has answered their phone. Just awesome.
What a perfect night...
Thanks for making me feel SO loved lol
In a shocking twist it appears civil servants run the country...I'm gob smacked
As the joker said, if you are good at something why do it for free...\n
It's days like this where I'm so glad that I work outside..
someones changed their tune ?
good thing I don't have to race later either
Now cracked my phone screen...this week has been just spectacular
Ohhhh you're so inspirational
I like how none of my family respects me. Instead I get hate from every single person here.
when ur mom asks you about sex toys
How do they say?! ...
I love it that you are there for me!
I really must get around to selling my bed too..
I just love waking up at 7 in the morning in the middle of summer to go to work...
But I guess I'm such a bad guy right? That's why I'm over here crying and not talking to someone who isn't for all that
Now to get some b teams playing in league 3! That should solve England's problems.
Only -8`C today! Seems to be really heating up now.
Can't even contain my excitement right now
So the premise of the winning is because the are not playing well. Makes complete sense.
I'm unsure of why life likes to fuck with me but /joy awesome day!
Oh, what a surprise, is still not working.
Thank you for relieving us of the burden of traveling with our luggage. Who needs it?
World\n- Where common things come in handy, like common sense and new things become useless..\n
It was definitely a great idea to wear a tank top all day in the beating sun. Who cares about tan lines anyways?
OMG a new COD game. I didn't see that coming
I've gotten a lotttt of friend requests today from people I don't even know...wonder whyyyy....hahaha .
based on that order
hope everyone is having a great 4th of july weekend i know i am sleeping all 3 days and working yay
FGD - is just another service I offer t-shirts
Sat through 3 hours of a recital to watch my 9 year old sister dance 2 1/2 minutes. Can't wait to have my own kids.
Using ; Egyptian people's most popular trait, to build an empire! Find out more from on
for the first time in months, have not done a lick of work in 3 full days...tomorrow should be a delight!!!
's followers were carrying out peaceful protest he is misusing them
Ich rede jetzt nurnoch mit Leuten aus !
So my parents punish me because I slept too late. It makes total sense
Hey USA Fans, let's go to the streets now and act like uncivilized people.
This game has nothing on the thriller we witnessed yesterday
fathers day tomorrow. pah! hope my 2 out of 3 sperm doners have a fantabulous day
Tax freedom day, woohoo! Social democracy kicks ass!
Yeah! \": Well done Liverpool. You beat England.\"
1 hour into my birthday and my sis has already caused trouble. Aren't sisters just awesome?
It feels amazing losing someone you're in love with.
Today is starting off great!
It's my fave thing ever when my mom comes home from work wearing my clothes
The future looks so bright for me
Jodie Meeks 3 years 19 mil. Is that maybe 5 mil or so year 1? Whoa. Huge deal!\n
Great 4th of July I had...since my phone cracked
Your ethnic pride is showing! cover that up with some white guilt.
As an internet celebrity, I don't appreciate waiting in line for a club.
Can't wait for my skin to peel off and reveal smooth raw pink baby skin
Wow our defense in so good
I really like being ignored :-)
WoW.. yea that's really helpin' me build up my self-confidence.. ...
He loses Liverpool the League and takes England out the World Cup. Thanks Stevie G! You're a true legend!
LOL words hurt so much more than acid eating your face
Wait. Pirlo completed 95% of his passes? What the heck is wrong with him? Missing five percent of his passes.
What can be changed by \nObviously not \nThe people in don't understnd \nAll our tweets r wasted
Well this is an eye opener
In practice that's 9 Uruguay gms + 9 Liverpool gms out for Suarez. Realy throwing the book at him, FIFA.
Say it ain't so, 100 on ground in ? \n\nStill have to see if signs it but...\n\nGet it yet?
Longest game ever.
Good news; she's seen worse..
media: Write stories other than Smoke \"teaching lessons\" and poundin' walls. How about another Jr's car graveyard story?
At least Kandi's father supports her marriage - probably because he's hustling Kandi out of all her money too.
No one to judge what I do or tell me how to do everything how will I ever manage
Telling your kids to stand in the middle of the road to watch the fireworks, that's greeeaaaaaaat parenting
thanks mom for letting me eat at 6:30 when I leave 6:40 cause that's more than enough time ya no
I thought Brazil could maybe come back from 5-0 but that sixth goal ended it.
I'm actually half Dutch.
were extremely lucky that the draw could see play in the final!
I don't see Frankie Boo's name on the roster! OH NO! talk about that I am sure everyone is as curious as I
Mocking a rape victim is worthy of a nobel peace prize
Don't you love being ignored? It's the best.
It's just awesome to see how selfish Americans are. I'm so proud of their stance on the immigration. Real nice to see.
Scolding a mother when she's nourishing her child is the best way to get her to stop that child from screaming. \n\n
Yell at him, Tasha. That'll get him to talk to you.
Shout out to sesame for giving me one day of work for the next two weeks
It's a good thing I didn't fall for you irrationally fast!!!
There's a lot of love for Phil Neville of my time line
Wow I had so much input omg thanks wow. #
STARTING AN INDIE GAME DEVELOPMENT STUDIO - DAY 1
Well, if England can beat Costa Rica and now that Uruguay don't look as threatening, they have a chance right? Right?
Who broke TANAK?
If nothing else, a blog would be one more way I could force my cynical, sexist, closed mindedness upon the world
this is what I wake up to at 430am. the first thing I see and read this morning. "450 cal isn't very much." SO CHEERY, NO??
Mindy Kaling reads ! Stars! They're just like us.
If our country offed soccer players for poor play we'd have to consider Michael Bradley.
U know what would be great? If it would rain a little.
Oh no! Blackboard is not letting me see the summer reading list!
Drinking a monster at 10:30
Looks like the spurs are gonna go ahead and shut down the heat. I feel so bad for
Good to know the Pacers traded the NBA finals MVP for George Hill.
2 seats open one next to a cute girl \nAnd my mom takes it \nthanks mom
I was expecting VJ to exactly dance like EXO. But I never thought he'd be better than EXO.\n
So steroids just hit another home run. So happy for him.
sadly I couldn't find one that said \"you're an asshole thabks for being there \"
Oh, I get it now. want the B\/C for them (that we pay for). Should have known that. They like .
I can tell you care
Whoop can't wait for 7 hours of uni tomorrow!!
So glad to know you care...
dint got so many likes as much as i got on the status of result :P !
If you always talk about people who don't give a fuck about you then you are winning in life.
Anyone wanna bet if Camille Little will have 31 pts today???
So my grandparents are going to have their own church and I'm the designated choir director . Yay .
Wonder if tomorrow has anything to add
nothing more exciting than Math....
I love our Trainers. Sobra!!!
Great way to end my night.
Overheard: gov Chafee telling people the colonies were " so negative" towards the British in 1776.
I sit to finally research this article. PC freezes. Half an hour later...still frozen.
Just saw Columbia score two goals in 3 min.. How couldn't mex or brazil not score
Was watching Aliens 3 with my dad but now he went to bed. I don't know if I can handle this by myself.....
Im here to take your money, drugs and stomp your heart out.
Hey family, the steroids jokes are hilarious. Keep them coming
I love sweeping generalizations. So much. Seriously.
you forgot to add At least Charlie Morton is really good.
All your dads will be so happy when they see your post on Instagram about them!
And if it does I'm glad I could musically donate to a charity to help someone else get money while I'm in the same spot ,
Sitting here eating a spaghetti dinner by myself.
We just saw Ryan gosling pictures to come
Thanks for the support family, really appriciate it. -_-
wow gps your wonderful
Yes Danny, Norwich also play in yellow and green - That was the joke.
The miz yey
if the female dies, it counts as rape sounds exactly like an actual quote and not a strawman made by anti-feminists.
Brilliant . Run a 3 coacher all the way to Stevenage from Moorgate.
I love afternoon exams so fucking much
Ah, nothing like the smell of Black&amp;Milds in the office parking lot on a Monday morning...
RT : 82 people were shot in Chicago over the weekend. If everyone had a gun, I'm sure it would've turned out much better.
Nobody wants to mention that Hanley hustle?
I love how policies are in place to screw over people and protect the corporations. I don't feel taken advantage of at all!
Okay I'm bouncing back to work
The \"Group of Death\" ladies and gents.
Such a wonderful day
Suarez "I wish I could be a vampire" :D
Thanks for rting a bunch of porn on to my tl, appreciate it... -_-
As a Catholic Bishop, who is celibate and has no intimate relations with women, I have very strong opinions on women's sexuality.
I'm gonna have fun waking up at 7 in the morning
well in good news, i hit my insurance deductible for the year.
is not for everyone. It's only for those who understand!
i dont like people and is my only defense
Good thing Justin Masterson turned down offer in spring; he is really earning a mega contract this offseason
Seems that the remaining 10 players in our senior squad reported back for training today
Wow great day so far.
I also want to apologize now for anything I've tweeted or may tweet that could possibly offend someone.
i find it so great when marc falls asleep right in the middle of a conversation...
I'm glad this amusement park is full of amusement.
my dad actually looks younger now then he did 10 years ago I blame his stache
I love I when people tell me 6 verses in the Bible are more important than the rest. Add in that they aren't about Jesus. Clearly.
Sooooo ready to wake up at 2:30am to drive to providence for orientation yippy
You are my favorite memory.......my ultimate obsession......
Such a nice day to not have air conditioning
The best part about the City of Bones movie is when they completely disregard major facts and details from the Shadowhunter world.
Best 4th of July ever!
Thanks a lot.
Conor Gillaspie gets another hit for . I never see former do well when they play their old team
Well. That went well.
U know u have 2 get when u hear the wind blowing thru the corn here @ heart
Aren't pulling out all the stops for the World Cup? Football Gods Andy Townsend and Clarke Carlisle
We just had me do the AC brooding walk to see how hard it would be to animate a female doing that. Verdict: hella hard.
Well this has turned out to be a fun night.... so I might as well just sleep.
Apparently I'm also disrespectful. Btw I have not received a single \"I missed you\"
.apparently it's ok if u make a living providing sex. But you're not allowed to make $ speaking about your experiences
Awesome show last night!!! It was a bit nippy though
Been such a great Fourth of July. Lol.
that makes me feel real good.
Ahh the sound of people yelling, and doors slamming...Great thing to come home too.
I love being ignored I really do.
Way closer series next year with Melo in the fold
Just took a test at Diman wicked fun
Microsoft showing an FPS game first? Didnt expect that
26 cent raise July 1st. AWWWWWWWWWWW fucking yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
