Donovan would've tied it.
Making a lot of friends today
I can tell todays going to be great bc it started with my alarm scaring the hell out of me and making me basically fall out of bed.
So excited that I get to watch a two hour movie for this online class!
It' refreshing to see The Beautiful South have had a massive change of direction. .
Short midget getting sucked off and titties. Nice.
It's my boyfriend's world and i just live in it.
I just love when someone subscribes to me on and they have 0 subscribers and 0 videos......
To be fair, it's been a close game
Best game of the tournament so far
Just the forecast golfers want to see .. 80% chance of precipitation today.
Happy everyone. Remember the words of Jesus: When you're unhappy with your government it's okay to rebel violently."
I was just start thinking,what should I freakin' do when World Cup finishes, maybe I'll start yoga or somethin' hhahhaahahaha
Thanks quality job again!
One of my favorite things to do is to get dog food juice on my finger and then lick it off mistakenly
What did Independence ever do for the USA? Its not as if they became a world superpower or anything
Would you look at that they all just came back! Wow you should buy and iphone 4 they're amazing
Decided to watch the world cup for the first time. So glad I tuned in to that. GO BRAZIL!
I can't wait to see the teachers tomorrow and my lovely friends, they will always make me happy!
Excited na ako sa quiz mamaya. Sobra
If you are an adult nd you still dot your "i" with a circle, we totally cannot be friends
You lost your phone and it's on silent? Too bad. If you liked it you shoulda put a ring on it."
Did you know that 84% of funerals of males in New Jersey feature at least one playing of Sinatra's My Way?
Aww, you roofers are so considerate! OF COURSE I wanted to awaken at 6:30 on a Monday to the sound of hammers. Thank you!
Lest we forget, corporations are people too.
Going on the Stanley Hotel ghost tour is so much fun with your religious grandma
Why do we Kenyans turn tragedy into politics...its clear the world is on the verge of loosing its mind
Yep, when you're caught with your foot stuffed inside your mouth, just tweet "haha".
MT \"30 days. Modi hasn't linked rivers, no bullet trains, no agri revolution, not deported illegals, no price fall\"
I'm so glad Emily has a job JUST SO SHE CAN BE A FUCKING BITCH 24/7
So this is what a slow death by vomiting feels like. Oh the joy.
Way to go Orioles bullpen
So I just called about a power outage since 7:30pm and a minute later my whole street gets power
You must have sooooo much respect considering you post pictures of yourself naked.
Ohh no its been raining. I can't cut the hedges. I'm so distraught. Looking forward to that all day
Nice of the neighbours to choose the music for our bbq tonight!
Jeter starting AL makes sense.
I'd like to thank my last nights self for strongly considering the fact that I had a dr.appt at 8 am this morning.
// He does like Gilgamesh//
We need to bring in the Goal Line Technology to evaluate if Rooney's header went in.
It's always fun when the church hangout place is outside of your office. It just boosts productivity.
Oh no please don't judge me
Under carriage. Sore. Thighs. Sore. On the plus side only 90 miles tomorrow.
The black fingernail paint has really helped Dwayne wade.
Why do you hate Erasmo? RT: ": I am unrepentant." 's
that's exactly how youre gonna earn my trust!
Wow. That hurrrrrtt
When a chick is proud of her it usually means she's a liar because nobody thinks women are funny besides other women lol
So glad there's food in this house im about to go on a rampage
This town never fails to amaze me
I would have been disappointed if Josh's at-home-date didn't talk about sports the ENTIRE TIME.
So, I was going to buy a coffee this morning, but then I remembered that there was an ebook I wanted to buy instead.
Another sunny summer day...spent inside my fucking house! YAAAAAAAYYY!!!
Got home from the dog park and "surprise surprise" the are losing!
Wow, waking up to a crack in my phone sure starts my day off swell.
I love how appreciated i am!
Really, great move for PR Stan bowman, that was fantastic. Trade away a fan favorite (Bollig) for a draft pick, smooth
I'm guessing now there's national security, inflation=0, and no one is sleeping hungry..cos I mean, significant went down
dat die foto's van op de app ook altijd zo snel laden &lt;3
Leafs have the first post-CBC HNIC game. Shocked I tell you, shocked.
Some guy at the gym told me he liked my ankles. I try really hard to keep them in shape, so it was nice someone finally noticed.
There's nothing hotter than Bashir with a scowl and a fluffy mullet. \"The Emperor's New Cloak\"
Whew! So glad we got rid of the nasty terrorists... Glad we \"guided\" the Iraqi forces &amp; taught them how to be a civilized govmnt..
Jeff Vangundy helped me see that party mills is the real flopper in the nba
Catching up on ...Ferne and Harry are dicks, just putting it out there because I'm sure you all really care what I think...
Latest lebrongate rumor mill says he was spotted at the OHIO DMV...wearing a manziel jersey!
Niners fans the so faithful.
Shout out to all the bitches that cleaned
Made a collection of for my lovely followers to enjoy :)
I wish every morning could be filled with this much sunshine and hope
All these graduation pictures makes me sad lol .
Well, lost the game. I guess can rest easy that this unAmerican behavior is over
ah, 85 degree weather with 80% humidity but no actual rain.
In my dreams again ghost.
But ion know shit lol
I love that my tattoos are all sleazy old men's property.
ich finds ehrlich gesagt total gut, dass wir hier im die Sippenhaft haben. Hoffe, das fasst bei allen Delikten.
What a fun fourth!
Headed to the poultry festival with . Bucket list item number 1,000,759 off the list! only in Arkansas.
What a great morning.
And yes, I know he gets brought back from the dead. I am beyond thrilled at that storyline
Incredible a salutatorian can achieve such great grades while \"forced\" to sit in classes where the theory of evolution is taught. .
I'm glad I'm on vacation..... Even when I get to babysit!
It's so fun to wake up from a realistic stress dream and realize you are in no way prepared if it ever actually happens.
The US tied! On to the next stage!
Five-time champs. Hall of Fame players and coach. 17 straight playoff appearances. Yeah, the Spurs are so boring.
I really like it when people leave things obscured from vision under tables because these bruises are so nice to have on my legs...
I shouldn't be surprised, but I am. And disappointed.
Oh I like these fencing contractors.
The Pit is now called Lake Marvin. Everyone must call it this now and I will tolerate any incorrect references to it.
So excited to leave friday!
Wow there are sharks in the water, imagine that.
Going in to the 9th with the wave. My favorite.
Way to go team for beating that one other team at that one sport.
Brazil just go home the now. Oh wait...
Big Brother ... where only good people who are poor &amp; parents should win.Shouldnt be about gameplay or anything
The USA \"wonderful\" 1st touch is showing.
Jeez, women are so BRAVE for embracing their FLAWS like being a size 10. True heroes.
things ever is being ignored. .
I've decided that doing squats is possibly my favourite activity ever.
My body is already on Australian time. Great Yaaawwwn
Some people speak fluent , I speak fluent ..
That was really hard. I was in trouble but now I am not.
Perks of following cam accounts.
Only another 11.5 hrs left then done for weekend flying by..
I'm so glad Jasper decided to go swimming this early.
Chuck Bass is left handed,
No better way to end a long holiday weekend than with a server down.
. Criticism of redistributionist ideology.
So u eat nkwobi and all d KFC u can get at night den drink green tea in d morning to slim down...ur very intelligent
I don't like being woken up at all...ughhh
I love sitting in doing nothing on a Saturday
Come on, Wall Street! If the Dow doesn't close above 17K, that's like letting win! Go !
I like how I can't send a text from my basement right now
Religion is nice.
Rather buy stylish leotards than actual street clothes. Want ALL the leotards.
Considering move to a different country, renouncing citizenship and sneaking back to so my kids can go to a college for free.
Its always nice to know the you were never apart of your own friends "crew".
Jcrew till 7.
Home alone in a storm. Fuckin awesome.
ran outside to put my windows up. Came back in soaking wet and patron says, \"were you outside?\" No ma'am, there's a deluge in bio.
I dont understand why people hate crows they're soooo awesome no they stink one pooped on me when I was little.
Benhazi suspect captured. Finally, the White House can ask how outraged he was about the video that made him kill Americans.
Nice work Chile...........
I didn't get a text from my gf for a few days, so I fucked some other girl.\r\rOops. Restarted my phone, and she did. Not my fault.
My kids never fight while enjoying a family ride in the clown car
The Heat have great fans.
My summer break has been awesome so far.
Why, no, six in a day isn't too many.
Yes mom, having "faith in god" would have SO kept me from panicking before going through everything today.
Minus the Bear Pandora, watermelon, pool and tanning. Yeah my life is just the worst
They say that love is more important than money, but have you ever tried to pay your bills with a hug?
If only there were more videos on YouTube that used The XX "Intro".
Como necesito rebajar me pongo a hacer quehaceres como ejercicio
Found the most beautiful braid book from 1990 to help me learn how to French Braid my hair. \"Most beautiful\" = heavy .
Wisdom teeth definitely show God has a cruel sense of
So some people just make me feel great about myself
Because it's definitely not your choice on what you do with your body &amp; child/children it's societies.
Let's be perfectly clear: Obama gets TAXPAYER-FUNDED health care. He's a socialist Muslim dictator MOOCH!
O.o What this situation really needed was a bomb.
The she gave me the \"yeah I believe you\" look.
This is gonna b so much fun!
Daag acche hai...leta do ur clean up and a tune up
I hateeeee being a fangirl sometimes lol
I gotta catch some kittens. Yay.
The little sisters soccer team I coming over to watch the World Cup.
I'm sure this \"Zip Zap Zop\" game won't get annoying
Railway fare hike, Fuel price hike! kept manifesto promise. Acche Din hav come. Yaay!
so Miller is visiting Vancouver...awesome
is an art. If it were a science, I'd have my PHD!
Why don't freshman ever get drafted anymore ?
Telus and there wonderful sim-subbing skills during a sporting event...
It's just like Canada to have their birthday before ours. Pssh!
What a huge loss for !!! Bendtner has been released!!
Now who could have predicted this? \nPost-Hobby Lobby, Religious Orgs Want Exemption From LGBT Hiring Order...
Shout out to my alarm for going off this morning.
Jeff just told me one day I'm going to make a man very happy...
Just spoke to and they said they won't be getting rid of a fraud buyer! Nice to know they keep you safe
How good has Chalmers been in the
Good to see the standing pat and not signing any of the great free agents that were out there.
Ckck RT : Di tiviwan, lebih bayar milyaran bisa langsung direstitusi tanpa perlu pemeriksaan.
Targeted marketing is odd since I got a new account and deleted FB. Gay dads and church tees? You're surely onto something,twitter.
Just incase anyone was wondering I'm with my mom and little sister at the James J. Hill house. Yeah be jealous
So I kinda beat everyone at a Rock Paper Scissors at freshmen orientation today
Absolutely love the signal you get on EE like
Cool, I'm one ugly motherfucker too. At least we can agree on something together.
If votes for Independence, the UK could emulate Russia &amp; annex the Kintyre peninsula in memory of Vege-Saint Linda.
Another new music competition? And it's different than all of the others? And I can be a judge?
Taking the Earth Science Regents (state test) in 2 hours... woo hoo
I love spending money on stupid shit ..
Follow he's so cute
I like your Winnie the pooh tattoo on your ankle...said no one ever!
Wow thanks NAU library. You sure are a big help. effff
told wife the plate was just too much hornets stuff &amp; her response "oh so that's where we draw the line...makes sense."
Seriously this day has been going so well for me I can't even handle it.
i admire those who have no spatial awareness AND don't feel uncomfortable when their personal space unavoidably gets invaded.
I reset my phone...the joy of setting stuff back up :)
Nice assist there defense.
Thank God for horrible landlords
Recalling ice cream because of a risk is a bold move! !
MT : Waiting for Obama to negotiate with ISIS on *peaceful* take over of Baghdad from his client Maliki.
Getting a little taste of college already.. cant wait!
The reason is that the I Ruin Souls gang is interested in just that. Oppress, dominate into submission, enslave..
Some people just know where to pick winner.
I love that since we got the x1 "Upgrade," our tv pops constantly. Well done Comcast, well done.
This------&gt; with some ! RT It's a dry heat though. LOL
If my dad had twitter it would probs include hashtags like .. Dads are cool
Nice defense, Miami Heat.
Disney was deff a magical experience
Wow Cote D'Ivoire players are great actors such bad sportsmanship.....
Homework, the best thing in the world.
I love it when my Islamic textbook takes pages upon pages to say something that would've fit in a single sentence.
I love being told that I have to get off the plane because the engine wasn't working wow I feel so carefree
Wow. What. A. Goal
Super excited to be headed to Houma right now for crew change! gonna miss the fam!
People really watch soccer ???
Wow this week has been fun!
Super excited for Monday! I'm sure the decision will be super great for women!
I love having conversations completely in
Could somebody PLEASE put up a snapchat story of fireworks?! Anybody. Thanks.
makes you mentally stronger. Which is very effective when dealing with emotional stress and fustration. XD
$BBRY Not a good idea to invest on news or rumor, but rumor is BBRY gonna buy $AAPL $GOOG $MSFT $AMZN $NFLX $TSLA $BABA $YHOO
I missed Queen Creek so much
Lexus, BMW, Acura, or Honda. It's a hard being me.
Yessss you are SO RIGHT! RT : Why? He's only THE BEST PLAYER WHO EVER LIVED!!!
I'm doing a degree in TV Production. I reckon i could be a cameraman at 2018 world cup.
See him score four now.
Anti-feminists not fact checking? What are the odds?
Waheeey well done
Huh speelt suarez niet:o
NOOOO RT : Sherri Shepherd is leaving the daytime talk show "The View," sources close to her told CNN on Thursday.
Oooh, not long until the Iran v Nigeria match. I can barely contain my excitement.
I feel soooooo important and needed sometimes.
I'm so glad I have the worlds greatest friends!!!!
Sooo there's an upcoming movie called, "Sex Tape" ..and a upcoming tv show called, "Selfie"..VERY CREATIVE.
Boss: Meagan there is no time for breaks! Me: uh... Too late. I've got two minutes left for lunch.
It's my favorite when greasy teenage boys come in to get their hair washed
Was there some sportsball thing on today? Because NOBODY has EVER made that joke before!
That's it? Wow I can really tell how much time and effort you put into that song.
A young lady's quick thinking to post a message on FaceBook helped save her daddy's life. Hmmm... imagine that.
Serious question, what do people who don't watch sport do with their time?
Kids I swear, I need 8 more.
Why, of course your drawing of your character with self-harm wounds grinning insanely about to hang themself isn't offensive.
Realising that your wallet is at home when your half way to work. I can see today is gonna be a good day!
Good old . Most boring match do far. .
Just went an entire day without my meds. 10/10, would do again.
. I love how people , and then about the information they did get
Really glad Andrew Wiggins knew who he was wearing tonight
Horocaust da satu page. Mungkin full marks aku besok .
Do you work here? "No, I dress like this for fun"
What a summer.
What a summer!
I love those people who have this wonderful ability to make you feel like you're completely and utterly stupid with one sentence
LOUD noises, strangers who don't speak English on my roof &amp; in my yard &amp; RIGHT outside my window... Getting new shingles the win.
This game is worse than the Holocaust.
Blood and guts before lunch. Always the highlight of my day!
Rick Perry refuses to shake the President's hand, huh? That's the Republican Party in a nutshell: real mature.\n
Nothing like going to Sonic on half price shake day and their shake machine being down!
another halo game, exciting......
Love being wide awake at stupid o'clock when I have work in the morning
Seeing couples thinking their HS relationships are so serious and that they're going to be together forever...it's so cute. :P
Oh good, has just started.
Maddie is so funny
I like how my entire group for my 21st birthday New Orleans trip just changed.
This brings back good memories of a crazy OT my played back in October.
Thanks friends for all the IG pics of rainbows today
A few Facebook employees were former data mining engineers at the CIA, your data is in safe hands.
Done with tonight.
I would like to be romantically serenaded like a good ol' ndubz song would be real nice
Yes let's hold our blueberry festival AND a huge bike race on the same day. Wtf. Someone in this town deserves a raise.
Of course I can run back booth, front booth, counter and make coffee! Your right I'm fucking superman!!!
Good job, .
True friends greet each other with an insult.\n
YAY THE SIMS.
I can't wait to spend this amazing day at Tops.
Work experience 9-5 now straight to work till close, I love my life too much
I love being at an orchestra concert and not being able to see my child.
Irvine, Downing, Kiely! Well next season is going to be exciting!
Just found out that I am home alone.
A little bit of me wants to stay up and watch the England game... but I'm soooo tired ;)
DAMN IT!!!! another drawn out lengthy Cena vs Orton feud upcoming, no one has ever seen that before.
Well done Canada! It makes me proud to see that will be returning to office &amp; that Harper approved the !
Why is MasterChef so deep like the feels are real
Signed up for Fall and going to do 14 hours! YAH!!!
Do you love when your boyfriend ignores you bc I do
Nigga you faaaaar from fake
60K miles for a 1-way reward tick! Great benefit for being a preferred member w/weekly travel AND sponsored credit crd
That's enough excitement for Sunday Funday.
ya no insistan con el penal de holanda, recuerden que el acepto su derrota, jajaja
It's such a party here at Urgent Care on a Sunday night. Wooooo!!
its so nice when your phone has a black screen and it doesnt work isnt the greatest
Sims 4: Toddler Expansion\nSims 4: Swimming Pools Expansion\n\nConfirmed..\n\n.
For addict, why don't you name your future daughters \"Selfia?\" It kinda has an exotic ring on it.
Thanks universe for making everything happen all at once, I love being snowed under
The Giants are going to pull this win out!
Hour on hold, to be transferred, to have the phone put down in my ear. you guys, are STARS!
I'm glad I could "Sleep in" until 9. Yay!
Doing security awareness training this morning. So much fun.
Hey great job with the sleeveless jerseys for team USA.
\": Kumakanta kami ni ng on my own na may blending tas sabi ni mami \"Wow! Blend na blend!\" :((\" huhu
Morin, Smith and Raanta all returning to the though... just give them the 2015 Cup now
Cannot wait for all the comparisons between US and Brazil
Leave it to Donald Trump to have all that class...
Nothing like spending a couple hours every morning silently fuming to promote a healthy emotional state.
Hey, . Livin the professionalism on your flight NK240 out of ft. lauderdale.
This has just been the best day ever.
\"Lazy idiots watch TV &amp; get gov't $\" B\/c has 0 to do w\/ etc OBVIOUSLY!
Did everyone survive the apocalypse? Thank god I was sleeping. Not sure if I would've coped well.
Yay Im sick. Very bad cold, mid summer... this is not the time!!
Now that she's starting to fall asleep she's kicking me in m hurt arm....
A first 8 alliance? I'm sure they never sawthatcoming
Ah Saturday, back at office. I love it here.
If I were the reds I would be so relieved knowing we locked up a guy for 100mil with a career 4.5 era.
I lied. RT : Source: LeBron James will sign with the Charlotte Hornets.
- Because I was just thinking to myself that there aren't NEARLY enough voice competitions on TV.
A giant black woman yelled at me while we were standing by the baggage claim area because i was in her way. It's good to be home.
That's right, autocorrect. I meant to email the customer about design fries, not design issues. Thanks for fixing that for me.
Now my life is complete, Lebron James made his decision,
Its apparently no bra Monday... Lucky for us who have to see
Dang, we almost had them! ....at least we got the series!
I was having such a nice morning too. Thanks Supreme Court!
Wow. Storm brewing. Thunder + skittish cat = fun times.
Lebron is the best thing to go to Cleveland since manziel and nick swisher
Embiid looked THRILLED to be selected by the 76ers.
I'm sorry for everyone tonight.
weekend! My favourite weekend of the year... hah.
Also, great to see that the are addressing their biggest weakest: the bluenline.
Let me first say, there is no Devil! Having said that, let me say this. Computer Viruses are the work of the Devil!!!!
Macy's has great customer service
What an absolute beautiful day here in glad I'm stuck inside all day
shout out to all the new spur fans!
is the ability to insult stupid people without them noticing it
$$ well spent RT : Trick for Joey Chestnut? Water he uses to soften hot dog buns is warm to relax his throat muscles.
I can't wait for work at 6 it's going to be amazing
Best fan base in the NBA
Classy Brazilian fan......
4 and a half hours til my alarm goes off.. Still can't fall asleep.. This is awesome I love that I can't sleep!!
Congrats rothesay police, an ounce and a half of weed off the streets is a real win
I LOVE it when I can't sleep.....
Korra. Master of diplomacy
Loving life right now,
He's such a badass. He picks on his handcapped sister and does everythng he can to intimidate his teenage son. Such an asshole.
Yes I totally watch Giada at Home on the good network for her food...
I love when people ask me what I'm doing when they can clearly see what I am doing.
Life gets better and better everyday
Love how much everyone trusts me ._.
$GMCR suddenly up 4.5%. Maybe $KO will be taken private by $BRKA and then buy rest of Keurig? Dairy Queen Blizzard K-Cups? Synergy.
Literally killed me saying goodbye to zack:(\n
Well duh poor have it easy they have just enough to survive without working 4 it
I like the part where she wastes all of his money - My thoughts on a Breaking Bad episode.
Another amazeballs match - and a WHOLE MONTH of football to look forward to. Yay! No really!
There you are... 10 players, with 2goals against you... Well done Pepe, a real teamplayer.
Just love when you are In the middle of a conversation with someone and then they don't reply
Gee,can't wait to get to work and find out just how much of a pain in the ass tonight's gonna be.
Banyak pahala, tiada dosa. Tiada dosa dah boleh jadi maksum. Dah jadi maksum, cakap semua betul..\n
Aritzia has great sales, really
Oh how I love doctors who don't take phone calls and don't call back after you leave them messages on the answering maschine.
So glad to be reading about how Lebron James is a terrible player because he didn't single handily win the Finals.
woman:Honey thats a problem 4 rich,famous &amp; handsome guys,U have nothing 2 worry about!
I'm just feeling awesome...
It is the men who makes a city.
I love how the Twatty commentators are behind England
It's been a whole bunch of minutes. Maybe somebody will score something soon? How exciting.
RT : "Doesn't no mean yes?" *audience erupts into laughter*
Applebee's is so poppin ......
Soooo sunburned right now I look like a crab, and I start work tomorrow. Great!
Running is so fun
LeBron/Wade/Bosh are so bad that NO TEAM has contacted them for a meeting except Miami.
Don't yal just love niggas that show empty handed to party's
I looooove making my ex a sandwhich at Subway
I'm done with
was wel iets beter dan iets maar hoor
Yea you guys were right. Polanco wouldn't of helped us out this year..
While entering a building, I love holding the door open for a parade of (gentle?) and no thank you. I also love .
There's no one louder than Italian teenagers on a T. Thanks for providing with all these kids, summer programs.
That stuff looks like it tastes good
What a great day this going to fuckin be
I love summer
12hr shifts all week.
I feel light and new already . hoyea!!
Because of your own selfish actions, your daughter isn't going to know who you are.
Nothing gets me moving like "wake me up when September ends" blasting at the gym. Fantastic work out music.
Pain in Spain cause of the pouring rain spainvsnetherlands
I it when people on whisper.
Hey, thanks for opening your phone support center on time
Straightened my hair and it's pouring buckets outside
You want her, it's okay I totally understand.
A speeding ticket omg just what I wanted
I can't tell. Did LeBron leave Miami? I can't tell
\": taylor's 24 who cares if shes drunk\" its not like she said she doesnt do it in MANY interviews or has 6 y\/o fans
Off to Bots tonight.Omg I hope I get screen time.Omg I hope I get to speak. Omg we r like a family.
Adding a makes it automatically cooler
Does that include ordering at a restaurant? What if it's Sonic &amp; you're the one next to the speaker?
Every office has that one guy who is a soccer guru. Please share your knowledge, oh great one.
Good idea to play at a slow tempo
Day 1 of a seminar that instructs me how to do what I've been doing for 17 years is complete. Can't wait to do it for 2 more days!
Thanks for ruining True Blood for me again, Twitter. Seriously yall are awesome.
Thanks for the hint. I love that you even thought of me ... -_-
So Many BLIND ppl here, that's why my aim to be a lecturer is to teach Moron and Moronnitas : p
Oh yeah, fracking totally doesn't cause earthquakes, waste water injections do.
Wow. My older brother can't even text me back even when his girlfriend said he was on his phone today. \nThanks bro.
My arteries are eating especially well today.
Mmm taste about right
its honestly so much fun knowing where you stand in peoples life
Nothing beats Atlanta traffic!!!!
What a beautiful hot sunny london typical day..
Please keep tweeting your whole life because we all really care so much.
Nice ride w/ Gordo this am - expense report ahead! :-)
Wow the new European Parliament is going to be so productive and progressive and useful.
Fist of pure emotion, head of shattered dreams...sometimes crying in the bath
Vacuumed my car and there was so much dog hair in there.
Instead of going out, I am spending my first hours as 30 just as I would like: Determining the fantasy prospects of Buffalo Bills.
This girl I went to high school with broke up with her 3rd "boyfriend" of the year. 2014 is looking pretty well for her.
Glad you paid $40 for that onesie for your kid... He'll enjoy that for the few weeks he can fit in it.
My favorite thing about Thursday is seeing all the that were taken less than a month ago.
I wish was available as a font.
Looking forward to training tonight, need plenty of practice to push for a place in the eve league side
Yay I start my classes tomorrow
wide awake while the sun is rising, for a fucking change -.-
Oh goody. Now that Joe's hurt, I get to see all kinds of comparisons to lady parts in my timeline.
It's been more than two minutes. Where is the first goal?
I have no best friend and no boyfriend ...\nLiving the the life!!..\n
My human anatomy textbook definitely takes an anti-tattoo stance.
What a great day... :\/
boy from OKC said he'd be on Skype tonight and he's not :) today is just awesome
I love when people slam on their brakes and turn on the blinker as they turn the corner.
Awkward moment when you do a leap and you throw your both your knees. Best feeling ever
So I somehow managed to cut myself with tongs at work.
Up super early this morning, working on tons of homework, quizzes and papers all day today. Sunday Funday!
Keep tweeting all your problems because that'll help
The results were only based on one case study and she was missing part of her hippocampus. Talk about a reliable experiment.
Love going to places were the set their AC to -3 degrees and I get to shiver the whole time
Wow, people are excited for 0-0? And soccer isn't popular in the USA? Gosh, I can't see why not. Sounds riveting.
Woke up to all the right things this morning
All of a sudden I'm in the mood to go today and I don't know why. But I probably will end up not going anyway.
That sounded convincing!!\n
Look it's my favorite town. hi, home.
I just love when 95 is literally a parking lot...
Love how you think so highly of me!
Para un roto una descocina.
Anyone know if the are sill in on the Andrew Alberts sweepstakes?
I'm so happy my wallet is gone when fathers day, Jimmy's birthday, and a concert, are coming up in a week.
Thaaaaankss for all your help and support !
Oh who wants a convorsation with when you can get a follow?? -_- lol(:
First water break in the history of the world cup.
I love it when I'm the only one in the restroom, then someone comes in &amp; chooses the stall right next to mine ?
Just got an email that are prohibited from the . ?
I love waking up to violent door poundings, 911 calls and my neighbor having had their door kicked in.
And Torres just doubled. NYA-NYA.
20 years old and getting arrested must be an awesome achievement
Why don't you do something different with your hair? Like, wash it.
It's a beautiful day to take a nap and do my homework
Oh, Jeremy 's a fucking Tory? Really? No shit? Well fuckadoodledoo I CERTAINLY NEVER FUCKING REALISED THAT!!!
Oh NO! I'm going to miss the Goo Goo Dolls &amp; Daughtry this weekend!
Why don't ever investigate the after all they are the biggest corrupted company in the UK
Step-parents are gr8 :-)
I love all my followers
It's Saturday night and I'm about to pass out from exhaustion... I'm such a party girl!
well, this month is shaping up to be wonderful
Love it when officials cite stats w\/no mention of where data was found. It's even better when journos use that info in stories.
Ovaries are balls too
* FONt (Being )* *
Thank God for ESPN. I mean, without them, how could I see 75 Yankees-Red Sox games every year?
Gotta love it when the patient starts moving on the table during a procedure... Adds some excitement to a boring operation
BBC have done a great job hiring Phil Neville and Robbie savage as commentators
thing is Irvine has good experience of lower divisions so some great signings coming up??
Wait... Royals 8 win streak.. did we fire Yost??
super happy that i have to go to work and miss the brazil\/chile game!
Best advice I've recieved all week...
Aaaaand, my neighborhood will sound like a war zone til about 2am tonight. ()
Wow, such a happy family 24/7 :)
No. Never doubted it. Not for a second.
My neighbor is sitting in my house &amp; says, "So do you like the Braves?"
Man they wonder why I live so far away. Maybe it's because of the never ending happiness emanating from everyone
Glad I recorded Brazil/Germany match. O povo chora lagrimas grandes hoje a noite.
Netflix, cats, and cookies.
I absolutely love having a reliable car.
I'm so glad I'm able to get a play by play via Twitter of the World Cup....
Hey cool I'm clairaudient and untouchable, neato.
A free press? Like the bbc who covered the austerity protest at the weekend so extensively???
Who knew setting up a web site would be so much fun.\nI need a web monkey stat.
Man I love bassy rap so much. The best kind is when shit starts falling from the ceiling.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes. Keep em coming, the day's not over yet.
It's ironic that nobody in the queue for the smiler is smiling
Yay I can't wait to hear skip bayless talk about lebron 24\/7 for the next month
I love how everyone suddenly became soccer fans
Since we care more about money than ppl, let's just shoot every boat we see. Cut to the chase.
So Spain is pinning all of their hopes and dreams on Torres? Hmmm because he is known to score
You do.. Lol people are so "real" now a days..
I love when \"Let It Go\" from Frozen comes on at the gym. Gets me pumped!
So glad I brought all these sweaters with me to California. I new I'd need to fill these empty suitcases with something.
Thanks for even talking to me today.
Living the life or whaaaaa?
It is a great day when you've only been at work 3 hours and are already in tears.
So glad I always have to friends to hangout with
i pee and poo a lot
Another week of working YES!!!!!
Oh he said \"bitch\" on TV! Yay the is coming back!!!! ....
Finding out you're related to a person you dislike and used to call a friend best bday gift.
2 more hours. Then get to hang out at the hospital all night. Wahoo At least we will get answers.
Im your biggest fan
I LOVE that it's meant to rain on my one and only day off this week &amp; I'm at a festival.
A lot of people on FB studied at Harvard!
An actual selfie.
Cousin acts like she's so cool for thinking soccer is lame and that it's good that we lost.
Family reunion dinner. Packed for tomorrow. Time to sleep. Waco here I come.
Let's get BJ Upton! rt Tampa Bay losing again. FIRE SALE ALERT.
5 by 5 good buddy. Yes, that tweet was . Now, be calm, that Death Ray might also take out the LGBTS next door.
Of course Shauna, because that makes the most sense
Can't wait for this summer class
When people don't text back &gt;&gt;&gt;
I 'm crying because i 'm happy :)
All fertilizers are same? Er. Yeah. Why not. Whatever floats your boat! ;)
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. Note to self...avoid good intentions at all costs.
Can't wait to sit in a horrible Dr's waiting room for half a day to be told I've messed my throat up again
TNT Don't think I've seen so much of the race between the commercials, don't know if I like that.
Now i cant talk shit... Awh.
Oh ya I'm going to have tons of customers on the golf course today....
$NSPR I guess no one saw this news coming.... Just out of the blue 10% price increase before Fridays close.
Solid, hoodrat with a backpack.....
What a good way to start my day.
The good news, the code works. The bad news, it's useless to what I need to do! :D Yay!
You hashtag in one tweet about the World Cup and four followers based around follow you...
Its just sooo busy in the Arcade today
Would it be bad if I just murdered someone and Left the scene .?!?
Love it when stray dogs are roaming the town beach . Makes for a relaxing time with small children.
5 1 I MID 4
Case Study: If you start a nonreligious business you cater to everyone nonreligious, because most customers are. Deal with it.
After HR, Worth started pumping sidearm fastballs. 89, 88, 88, 89, 88. Survives T9 ... trail Pawtucket 11-1, play \"Happy\"
Boy, am I surprised about the Tocchet news. I mean, really surprised.
Cant belive how good brazil are doing right now, so good in the defence, just too good they will WIN
I LOVE when people dont call me back when i need them. Loves it!
it's SO nice to find things out about your best friend from people that are not your best friend.
Hmmm, imagine that. My mom didn't answer her phone when I just tried to call her...
I love I81 in the summer!
wow thanks for your great service
It's cool you can smoke your cig and blow the smoke in my direction. Everyone loves a bit of cig smoke. Lets smell like an ashtray
I share/like/tweet, therefore I am.
I just had a "I need a guy moment" but then I was able to open the bottle of water myself
Yessss, minimum wage goes up tomorrow! Good thing I work 2hrs\/week :)))
Glad everyone is in such a great mood in this house
is so charismatic........
Fun Fact: did you know the new legal age to drink is turning from 21 to 25 next month... Oh Goodie!
If Wings lose on ENG, that coach doesn't leave Edmonton alive (). CT Goalie Katie Desa was the better G, coach took a chance and won
I love getting called dude by my boyfriend, makes my day.
Could more get injured please!!
Finding my missing mascara was by far the happiest moment of my lives.
Happy Summer Solstice. SO glad backyard fireworks are legal in NS so my dogs can be Xtra spooked.
Awesomeness, just got pulled over. Woot, woot.
Oh the Senate is going to be fun over the next six years
prison coffee?! delicious!
I just love not being able to breathe.
why do draft reporters ask such dumb questions? "How influential was your single mom in your life?" "Oh not very. Can't stand her."
Sick and tired of my house stinking of weed
FAA banned amazon from using drones but glad we can still use them in the Middle East to kill people.
A late night page to potentially restore a Tier 1 system. Oh on-call, how I love thee.
Taylor Swift's success and demeanor totally don't make me want to give up and go cry in a corner ever single day.\n
Congratulation for z being named Man of z !
Amazed at the brutal efficiency and organization of the German national soccer team
Finally back in the technical world
Lol yeah your showing off your ass and boobies to \"show how burnt you've got\".... Ha yeah sureeeeee that's why
But I don't surprise any of my followers with anything so....don't hold your breath.\n\n
It has been an eventful day.
No yeah , with about to go to war, that's what I want to see.
Oh my Robbens just dived!!
Back in the UK, yesssssssss
Dog walked, sister picked up, now a shower then bed for work tomorrow.... hurrrrrrrrray!
So what if there are lot of fish in the water? I don't want fish, I want YOU :)
Willing to trade Xbox One for an M4A4 Howl and a name tag Kappa
Every one always wants to hang out with me, like it's to the point where I can't even manage my time. Fuckin' ay right?
Germany STILL hasn't scored? Took us 30 seconds. Group of Death? More like
Love how the only venue for pool parties is at the
Thank you dad for coming today it really means a lot. NOT.
Brazil need to get on ASAP.
A careful driver is one who honks his horn when he goes through a red light.
Advice: The best way to pick up girls is to heely around campus.
Could this day get any better?
I love my life.
So happy that more US troops are going into Iraq. Thanks Obama.
Oh, you're a vegan. Nice to know it in our family BBQ meeting.
Children's Party at the ER!
So why were there people in the crowd dressed like superheroes? Way to represent our country in the world cup
i love getting burnt every time i make contact with the sunlight!
Me- "Somebody's dead!" - "Not on SVU!"
Honey boo boos mom is my role model
I'm going to be really pumped for the Tigers to bench JD for Torii once he's fully healthy.
Things i do at work: belt out Brighten and in the employee room.
Big 18, now I can buy tobacco products, lotto tickets and porn magazines. Such a thrill
Respetuoso, inteligente y tolerante RT : Me paso al equipo de Inglaterra y sobretodo a sus fans por el CULO! Grande ITALIA!
i know what you mean RT Dia kecil, pengaruhnya besar.
Yes I'm completely ok with you going over my ex best friends house instead of seeing me.
What this march needs is another lunatic screaming pastor.
Love that I'm the only one who gets it.......
Oh and now she has her son coming over from Dubai with a 6 month old baby. The next few weeks are going to be fun!
I just love people who make me feel like shit..
Back at the hospital. Woohoo
Tomorrow is Monday. Great.
but I would be reported for animal abused
Nothing says a good night like suddenly remembering everything embarrassing that's ever happened to you in your life all at once.
Well done selling upgrades for phones that don't exist is a real talent
Honked at a lady texting and driving. She then gave me the finger. Of course safety of others isn't as important as that text
Just read up on - of course religious freedom means enforcing your religious beliefs on others and their health!
Oh my god Juan Lagares made an incredible catch? No way! Are you kidding me!? That's amazing! How rare!
Wonder if Chile would give pirlo and de Rossi an acre to play in .....
Why don't we have a degree in ?
Si que tuvo que inspirarse Shakira para hacer LA LA LA, que tal ingenio
I love sitting through a 3 hour long class in my sweaty work clothes.
I am shocked that this incarnation of the line-up has not scored more runs!!
i wish Marlon would fall asleep on me -__-
Thinking about buying a chain at Home Depot &amp; hanging it from two side beltloops just to be one of the cool kids.
In the face.
Peeling tattoos... The fun part of tattoos!
So Sakho is part of the top 10 players so far as the world cup? But he's still "shit " though isn't he?
.thanks for giving us those updates! You guys have been totally fan friendly tonight
The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it
Wow, , I'm so glad you have such great customer service!
I'm gonna be known as the Maslow fan with no life. Yeah me!
The Leafs need to bring back Brian Burke and his 5 year plan.Nonis at his team back 10 years.
is so rich she lost her virginity during 's birth.
Expect everyone to treat you kindly when all you do is be mean and ugly towards them... Sure because life works that way.
Need adderal to study for all these exams holy
Figured since I spent almost $50 on pizza, you'd be able to teleport it here....
My family is in a great mood!
It's Jose's fault. Charge him FA.
I just love when people ignore everything I say.
Dis cokey eye ting rel watchin meh tho
Three journalists in Egypt imprisoned for doing their job. Well it's good to know the govts of the world use law to keep ppl safe.
Esa efusividad de Julian Casablancas cada vez que interpreta un tema musical...
Looks like i'm going to get loads of sleep tonight.
Dwade wants a max contract, yea sure, I see that happening.
Found a gap in screenwriting seminars: "How to write male characters."
mom be like kayleigh don't use on me! I be like "what me I would never!" hehehe
Can I move &amp; act like I was big shit here? Or only you can pull that off Hahahahahahahah
This is my honorary true blood tweet. Yay true blood.
Didn't want a response anyways.. Lol
Let the battle of which day Ramadan begins commence. May the best Muslim win.
LeBron opts out if contract? I am shocked!
Well that was very subtle today!! Very professional!! Very gentlemanly!!
Yeah I love being sick
Rape jokes at Wrestling. Awesome.
Old people die waiting in line to see a doctor at
I love political ads that only slur one candidate and don't tell you anything about the person who actually wants the vote.
I'd describe the tempo and overall pace of this game as \"brisk\"
It was nice of my brother to bring me back some McDonalds breakfast
This day just keeps getting better and better. \n
\": Don't worry Spain - Carzola's on... It's all going to be fine \" (with the help from Torres.)
Well the recycling guys only came at 4:50 AM instead of 4:45 AM..I got to sleep 5 whole minutes later!
I love being home sick
I do love hospital visits
Ah! There's nothing like the site of pimps and prostitutes on Club Creek in the Southwest in the morning .
5/15 ge :3 :P
Fucking commercials during football matches!!! What kind of shit sport is this?
Well the should already be giving to the NL, they have Stanton but the AL has Brian Dozier so there's a chance
Kings win for the 2nd time in 3 series...
Noto che anche quest'anno le nominations agli Emmy sono ottime -.- assurdo!
Wheat French bread?
Because of rain out they'll probably release Gausman to save his innings
I just love how my computer is taking an early weekend &amp; moving so slowly this morning
I wonder if Drake wrote "Worst Behavior" all on his own? The lyrics are exceptional
There's nothing suspect about a teenager driving a Bentley
Non mi piace proprio per niente pubblicare foto, nono
Ok so my friend is upset about something and I'm trying to help him and he not answering his bbm ignore me then :(
I love the Sunday papers, all those photos of Wills Kate &amp; Harry taking a well earned break to watch sporting events.
Stupidity is not a handicap.Park elsewhere!
MAN GERMANY IS PLAYING LIKE SHIT
So excited to spent this beautiful day at work
2. Standing starts after safety car.
Seriously boggles me how contests will try to entice you to invite your friends to enter. Yes, I would love to decrease my odds.
First leaves and now Brazil loses, this has been a great week so far!
Watching wayans brothers and eating fruit loops out of a box.
So glad my parents are hardcore rock fans and I get to listen to Metallica on this 6 hour car ride
Yay mosquito bites!
Just got back from a meeting. What'd I miss?
vivimos en un mundo donde todos son expertos en todo... uno puede ver cada perfil en twitter... guaaaooo
you REALLY got your finger on the pulse of popculture, huh SEGA?
And there goes kick-the-can.....
Chester v Rochdale now that's a scrap I'd love to see
Can't wait for tomorrow
The conjuring is a great late-night movie choice... especially when you live in a haunted house...
I had 4 pts 2 ast. on the Loss. Great Stats for me!
Easy on the biting . It can present you as bitter and angry. But if that is your intent, carry on.
Gerald Healey has tipped Adelaide? I wouldn't have worked that one out.
Bulls low balled Melo...
Ternyata Pak Prabowo ini orang yang \"bijak\" :) \": Prabowo: Lawan sy tidak \"humble\". Itu hanya \"pura-pura\"\"
So glad that the military takes great care of it's adult dependents with parents who are deployed or TDY.
I hate all transit
can't wait for all tha firework snapchats\/instagrams tomorrow
What can I say , I love not sleeping apparently !
Srry 4 the retweets
Got my sisters birthday gifts.. Good thing I wrapping paper!
So glad bucholz is back
Life just keep getting better.
Washing bathroom walls in the school for the summer job lol wow this is fun
feeling really good rn:)
I love how people just walk into our house without knocking
Oh, I love it when a guy calls me "bro". I feel so feminine &amp; lady-like.
1-7...well maybe Bazil can leave with some dignity
Love having ham sandwiches for dinner
I Love my haters to death hey, they always support me :)
Love when lead off gets us 1st and 2nd no outs. Then meat of the order goes DP and K looking in 3 pitch's.
Hooray! ANOTHER new Dead island game announced! \n\n
I *never* get tired of Gallagher watermelon jokes.
This pain is unreal.. Can't wait to go to work!
$CNAT I need to join Early Short Coverers Anonymous
Well July I'm glad you brought the hot weather
is an all girls club because of course men don't get sexually assaulted!
I seriously love people who are so quick to assume shit.
Ooohhhh nooo your music video got cancelled, cause everyone was so pumped for it to drop
Australia now has it's own edition of UK trash monger, the Daily Mail. Please avoid feeding the monster.
Premis 1:Pemerintah mengendalikan semuanya di negara\nPremis 2:tuhan mengendalikan segalanya disemesta\n\nKonklusi : pemerintah tuhan\n
Now every parody account is going to have to compete with my little blue check mark...\n
Bahaha well that was the most awkward moment of my entire life
Work today is about to be so much fun..
If I could punch you without getting in trouble, believe me, I would.\"
The iPhone battery life is just awesome
I love it when I worry about things! \n
Damn! Giggs is gone from . Going to miss his insightful commentary + what messages he sent players before their games
Why yes dog. I understand you have panic attacks at thunder so I'd love to stay up with you literally all night.
I get to go in at 3:30 am Tommorow, fuck yes .. Get this paper
Fuck... Stuck w/ the same partner for work this week.
oh how I love getting out of my warm bed on a winter morning -_-
I'm just way too excited about my ACT tomorrow.
Really looking forward to watching dour Uruguay grind down fabulous Colombians
$BBRY Qnx dot com Is it reality or fiction
great end to a great day!
Another brilliant decision on tonight.
about the thanks!
Oh to the asshole who charged $43 to my card in gas, hope you enjoyed it. round
The female head of hair: The gift that just keeps giving... and giving... and Good Lord. Do you shed!?
Fluke from Rodriguez!
So jealous my mums off to Amsterdam again tomorrow with her primary school
Is fan just short for fanatic? .....
Oh wonderful. It's my old nemesis Dave McIntyre commentating on for the Galway game
I don't have assignments pala. Hihihi
Yep, thank you for leaving me alone.
I &lt;3 being threatened by someone who is at least double my age, and has children of their own. What a wonderful role model you are!
So it seems 48 hours after this new treatment is a shit load worse than 24. Reassuring
Guess I should just work and sit around at home the rest of the time according to you
Last day of school!! Woot woot!! I'm not excited at all.
": Always good to see a 17-year-old refereeing a World Cup match"
Apparently the difference between being and being ironic is a Bachelors of Arts.
When is Danny Worth and that sick knuckleball coming back from Toledo to bolster the bullpen?
I trust to appoint right person to investigate establishment child abuse. He's a fine judge of character
Not or at ALL
Yes.. influence is forced, not gained..
Good to see Estrada continues to serve up gopher balls at a record pace...
England and the lost today so that's just great yay
CM Punk is going to win the money in the bank briefcase and the WWE World Heavyweight Championship tonight.
Really glad UNH has removed all my financial aid
I can already tell it's going to be a "good" day -_-
For those of you upset at the lack of goals, it's ok. Altidore is playing next
I think I missed the memo on how it's cute to be a negative bitch about everything.
I should probably get to sleep, but I can't because of the excitement
The first time I go to look. ....
Welbeck injured??? Ohhhh noooo waaayyyyy gutted.
I need some help. I need support to help change the Dallas Cowboys football team name. It's utterly offensive.
Haha I'm loving my dreams lately.
here! Nothing compares! Great job !
mkes me nt to tke anithng serious
Well then. I'm just the luckiest guy on earth right now.
Had the best morning yet
Waking up at 6:15 on a Sunday morning because the husband is an early bird is priceless.
This week has been one the most productive weeks of my life
England were the ONLY team to pick up points from group D winners Costa Rica!!
If Daniel Bryan doesn't have any feeling in his left arm...how can he flawlessly thrust both arms in the air?
I love people who can't take
Standing in the rain freezing while watching my son train. My idea of
It's good we aren't doing anything about the crisis in Iraq cause it will probably eventually go away! Great President!
BREAKING: at CP Friday, I'm there today and got seat 23 on maxair. Lbj's cavs# he's coming back home.
Abreu is just killing us. Glad we spent that 5 million somewhere else...
I'm so glad I stayed up to watch a live stream of beyonce performing....
Interactive: 100 years of temperatures in Australia
OMG, the forehead poke, she's such a bully.
Love it when you text someone and they don't reply to what you say because they know it's true and what's insinuated will happen
estoy de lo mas feliz con vos
Sleep is overrated
Pretty stoked that Platos Closet didn't take any of my clothes...
In a crazy turn of events Germany beat France.
Great. Now I get to be an American in Germany as the Americans play the Germans in an elimination match.
Woah. Cena won. So shocked. Never expected that one. Last person I'd expect to win.
Wow, July. Joy.
No one has any idea what is going on here at , not even the judges. What a wonderful way to run a tournament
Bird said he is commuted to the Pacers "core"...the future is looking bright for
Dear sir, can we pass a legislation banning Arnab Goswami and his Kangaroo court like
Watch the dirtsheets explode: has Tweeted WWE Superstar .
Way to go Colby!
SO HELPFUL that Boyer locks all the classrooms everyday!!! LOVE having to walk to Rock to practice on a grand piano!
I'm allergic to stupidity. I break out in
This games made for big Marouane to come on and boss things
Obviously if yu didnt post a pic with your dad on insta yu don't love him \n
BREAKING NEWS : arsenal players dint eat breakfast coz they 8-2 much last night lmao
He reads tarot cards. He reads tea leaves. That boy has talent!
RT : yes let's because the mother is the only thing needed to make a child and bring it into this world.
Hauptmann Abetz shows the caring side of our government
Yeni CB aciklanmis bugun... Kilicdaroglu'na demokrasiye katkilarindan dolayi tesekkur ederiz! ()
hey keep tweeting about the same thing we love when you do that
We have ah game folks! gonna do it to them still
\"Nothing says 'come to me baby' like a sexy pair of feet\" -brown bear
Avoidance will really get you far in life...
Loving how all of a sudden there are so many Germany fans lol
Considering taking the car back already coz I just realized I wont be able to take advantage of guelph's phenomenal transit system.
I love not having plans... Lol...
Now I'll be spending the rest of the night being super paranoid and it won't wear off for at least a week.
It's easy to understand that the airlines clearly no idea how to handle thunderstorms in Chicago since it was the first time ever.
More important than and other going on, is going -
Wondering if I'm supposed to be upset that I don't do anything with my life anymore..
Such a sweet morning
Actually expected the Cavs to select Aaron Craft... Defense wins championships!!!
I promise your tweets and pics of weed will land you a really nice job one day
Australians, and most of the 1st world countries treatment of entrepreneurs must be flawed! Such idiots
symbol -_ has been named .
Never mind didn't want to talk to you ether
Camper laundry.... Starting today. Lol and it hasn't stopped raining in the lovely village of Larodde. Mmm, smells scrumptious!
1 year ago today the class of 2k13 said "Goodbye" to Delsea Regional High...
crying in bed listening to debussy
A belligerent kid makes for a WONDERFUL morning.
Wrap that in a waffle, Taco Bell, and we'll talk.
It's just great knowing everything you told me was a lie
We use to talk for hours. Look at us now. Like stranger. Nevermind :). Goodluck to you in leading your romantic life.
Looks like I'll be up all night working on this essay/speech type of thing.. great ._.
Test is over, yet i still have school.I'm so excited.
Who'd have thought Paulinho would look so hapless after his stellar season for Spurs?
It's my birthday oh yeah
Thanks for helping me groupmates. You are a big help.
Well done England...
can't wait for the 10,381,003,010 tourists and suburbanites to take over Michigan Ave for this weekend
Absolutely gutted by that loss
Being stalked is great, but being the blame for everything is even better....
Great way to start the week
Thanks to my knee for starting to hurt again before the holiday. I was worried I wouldn't get to wear my brace all weekend.
Please ask me where I'm going to college and what my major is. I haven't answered it 35,742 times
So, eps 1-5 of series 8 (or the scripts anyway) have leaked and the dalek episode (2nd ep) is a complete re-write of Dalek. Superb.
Burnt my finger on a toaster. Exactly why I need someone to take care of me.
So glad I have Annette Funicello's full discography. I listen to it so much
Who knew that pulling weeds for 10 hours could be so much fun
When people broadcast their relationship. Can you not? *Im trying to be single and alone here *
First the NHL season is done and now the NBA. How am I ever gonna get by?
This has to be the most disappointing day to preds fan all centers we target as a sign to be or 3 centers
Wowwwwwww my sister has noooo clothes at all...
*searching frantically for tweet re: Suarez bite/headbutt*
My \"brilliant\" is broke!! Top product there chaps!!
Big surpise there regarding the Springs Monster.
I love "OK", not because it ends the conversation, it's because it pisses people off.
That can't be. he didn't have chemical weapons
That was a very short, painless inning.
If everyone could just get engaged/married this summer, that'd be great.
1h30m until my editing software finishes updating, then all I have to do is get my camera tom. and shoot some vids. Should be easy
Stuck on the end of that because it really is lost on some people.
Saw this: "NHL and NBA are the lesser sports. Golf and football are the more skilled arts, and baseball is waste of grass and time."
USOC UPSET! Love it!
What an incite the pundits and commentators give you in to the mindset of a football player before taking a penalty.
What's the soccer score? 0-0? Be shocked if so.
Sometimes I wonder how I havent been punched in the face for some of my and comments
over flowing happiness 4th of july
Love getting chatted up by drunk men in their forties.
I dont get it... How is Hello Kitty rasist agian? \n\n\n\n\nMeow!
Eeeeuuuuuu... acho que a entregou pra ir em bora mais cedo... Eu acho!! 1-0, lider do grupo da morte!
That text back tho&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Soccer is boring
Disreasoning users are just such good noble people
Yeah! It was really my idea to get up at 1:15 am.
cooling breaks? I think we need those in marathons as well. Guess what - you train for it! ?
Oh look, a yearly sports game. Such innovation. Whee
Won match! YAY!
I love this push for relocation,its not always an option,what if you have kids in school?
is wasted on the .
Maybe our should sign Dwyane Wade. I wonder if him and SVG get a long.
In the dmv....birthday starting off great...
It's so tough. On one hand, Gary Harris has a fantastic hair/eyebrow combo. On the other hand, Payne's facial hair is years ahead.
Oh, yet another viral marriage proposal that has been staged for online fame. Great!
Sounds like big head Eddie McGuire has jumped back on his high horse once again. Who would have thought?
Tony Parker going down like he's been shot after an elbow to the side has me super pumped for the World Cup.
Oh n it's my birthday today, hooray 1 more year older, yay\n\nstopped having birthdays at 30, when I reach 40 I'm counting backwards.
Oh wow Nathan blew another save...what a shock
I love hearing the Mexican announcers!
I fake laugh out loud to myself when someone's Mystory sucks
Clark Carlisle is one of the finest co commentators around
Never knew it was rocket science to top up an ez link card at an atm or the top up machine.
Apparently the phillies have reached out 2 Grady Sizemore , nice to see there finally going towards the youth movement.
It is so easy to stop loving you, i tried this hundred times
Oh really? Wow, fascinating. Slow clap.
What does that mean when thug love likes your tweets?
I just love it when my friends send snapchats of spiders crawling to me
If it's offensive for an NFL team to be called The Redskins then I find it offensive for Dallas to be called The Cowboys.
Every time my aunt calls the house number she asks where I am?! And I always say the airport. She asks why. Really?.
I think I've got no choice but to try to sleep...up at stupid o'clock tomorrow for random stuff &amp; nonsense...yay!
Nice shot Messi
Tonight is a great night to be with your S.O. "good thing I have one!"...said every single person out there.
Oh England lost? No, really?
Well this turned out to be a wonderful 4th
hmm ea as usual but omg the corner flags move
Of course the Mets lose a heartbreaker. That never happens
I love when coaches wear flip flops to coach in, it looks so athletic and professional, I mean why would you wear anything else?
Pretty excited about being in surgery on my 18th birthday...
Feel like massive shit today:(
So that's it, my baby graduates today!!!The whole parenting gig is done now right?!
Three and a half hours and still no power, and no update/estimate of when it'll be back on. Thanks WE Energies.
Love how everyone thinks "the trailer song" is new.
Super excited for rehearsal tonight! Get to spend Father's Day with 10 sexy baby daddies lol
Love having to work the 3rd and the 4th! And oh wait sat and Sunday also
So not reading tweets is working out real grand...
I love sitting here awkwardly listening to you two make out
Good thing I love going to the grocery store more often than necessary.
Who want to watch a movie and chill at my house while I'm in bball shorts and we alone....? Lmaooooolk
We lost a iPhone...what to do?
apparently my voicemail at work is full... good sign to a great monday...
How nice of you to tell me..
Sign up for my early access alpha tool. The UI sure looks nice. Actual function coming in a future update. Only $xx.00! ?
Didn't see that coming.
Literally the worst possible thing to wake up to.
omg like the carnival like starts tomorrow
Yes, you've just outed me as an avid watcher of Teen Wolf.
\"If you stop your medication we can prove you're sick.\" Wow, thanks doc.
Nice selfie to show off your muscles.They look so much different than the one you took yesterday..and the day before.
S\/O to mrs. Lynch for helping us finish the yearbook
Gonna be a great summer.
Too bad all the flopping ruined that incredible game.
Oh I wasn't specific... Happy 2014th birthday, America
I thought Tim Howard was poor in that game. Feelani was awesome though, top player he is
Just passed sign in \"your tax $$$ subsidize wind energy.\" Good thing your tax $$$ don't also subsidize big .
ITS WOMEN CRUSH WEDNESDAY WHAT AM I GOING TO DO WITH MY LIFE IF SOMEONE DOESN'T MAKE ME THEIR WC.
.I vote because I'm incapable of running my own life and need political masters that rob my tax at every opportunity.
Oh, you poor thing. You got sick of my responding to you &amp; asking questions? I am really going to miss you ().
I need more of this best
The \"America's Player\" idea didn't work, so now we're going to have America's alliance? Yeah this will work I'm sure.
Thank you cows for making the past 5 minutes of this road trip wonderful smelling.
CR7 and his teammates reach the final.
Wow I'm so surprised that kashi leonard won the bill russell MVP
So happy I am working right now
The dog left me a birthday present in the kitchen, isn't she lovely
God I love having absence/partial seizures sat at my work desk
I'm living married life without the government recognition or tax write off.
Tomorrow is the last Monday! Im gonna miss them so much
This summer has been a blast
I really love how great I am at pushing people away.
What does do with a 25 min story? Why make a 136 min gem like : !
Cewe murah udah biasa. Cowo murah ?
You can tell the casters of the Capcom Pro Tour are overjoyed at the SeeDogPoo/Geoff match going on right now.
Nothing more beautiful than the noise of someone snoring .....
Got the dentist this afternoon - that'll be fun!
LOLin at my life.
Omg I love baseball
Thank you for being so kind and understanding
Australians, and most of the 1st world countries treatment of entrepreneurs must be flawed! Such idiots \n\nKudos
No response from today. Great customer service guys You realize I couldn't even speak to someone in Canada?
I Googled '' who gives a fuck? ''
Sticking your finger up someone's butthole is always fun.
A very interesting point.
Bring out the trophy
You can tell heat fans are "die hard" cause you can see them walking out with 3:19 left to go!
I hope you didn't do it the same way that felines do. Hard to get the hair off your tongue.
Thad Cochran, biggest porker in the Senate. MS, ranked 50/50 in most state rankings. Clearly throwing $$ works.
Thank God for Basketball or the would have to actually talk about some other sport.
so how do I relationship
So game 4 becomes a must win game for Miami right?
Goodmorning. Thank you wattpad for making me sleep around 2 am a while ago. :))
amazing when someone makes the effort to speak to you
Wish I got a bit more sunburnt today
I find it real funny how you can do that
ESPN and basically all the sport channels aren't working. What am I goin to do with my life...thanks Gwynedd
supposing that everybd is different, i sud be like whom?
I really appreciate the fact all my friendz alwayz respond to my Roosters textz and I never have to send a second one hourz later
I sure wish I had a stick figure family on the back window of my ATS.
What a great night last night
Wet sandy paws in my bed just FUNstatic!
Yay it's almost time for me to go work in a 100 degree kitchen for 5 hours (^.^)
Today just keeps getting better and better...
Omg i have over a 100 tweets and im not famous and cool and shit, do i fail in life now?
I just love this nyc commute!
Pao Paos goal was to show the house she was a competitor. Did she achieve that.
Omg you're right, your job is sooo hard..
Bed at 4:30am. Rise at 8:30am. Open - Close shift. Shit on me.
The Master Chief Collection (Halo 1-4) is coming to xbox one ?
I hate peace and quiet and a normal life
Teen crazy Italian directioner. Everywhere. I'm scared. follow me I foll
GeeWhiz these Sandow impressions are great but can we just get back to embarrassing him by jobbing to Hornswoggle yet.
I've been in bed since 10:30. My life is so exciting.
So wait, like, did The Spurs win?
Shout out to the cop who gave out 5 tickets for inspection stickers in Walmart parking lot. You're a true hero.
Only thing I have to say about the NBA finals is maybe if the Heat get Carmelo they'll learn to play as a team.
My hair is an absolute stunner this morning
Thanks to the amazing service of I was able to get battlefield hard line without any network issues
You know what's awesome!? digging up sprinklers all day long
I work 11-8 today yay!
So according to my weather app it's only 65 degrees right now but it's going to be 75 at 5pm.
I tweet to get RTs so don't favour me by favouriting it!
Happy hour cocktails and home (slightly tipsy) by 6. Yep, I know how to do Saturday.
This is going to be fun. I can all ready tell
It's been a fuckin fantastic morning
Great job, Ryu!
I fuckin hate you sleep, how come you never let me sleep anymore. Just let me continue to be a nonfunctional mofo that works
Black ! This is a bad one i guess!! :-/
ACT tomorrow. I'm just overwhelmed with excitement.
Nothing like a bit of Business Law studying on a sunday to cheer me up!
Oscar scored. Looks like Germany is done.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Whoo. Another CoD
Harrisburg is always a splendid place.
Wow. This RTE correspondent from the Vatican isn't at all biased, is he?
Conversations with People are considered Mind Excercises...I stretch n dont wana move a joint - Yawwwnnnn
My heart is breaking, being so far away from you hurts so bad.
I love it when I buy a bag of air, and the company is nice enough to put chips in it. -_-
I really love being ignored. It is just the best feeling ever.
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 years to your life. is extremely healthy for the mind.
Has to be alone.
Thanks for not being in HD on ,great footage of
Love how All I Want by Kodaline has suddenly gotten popular now because it was on the Tfios soundtrack!
My new secret weapons of overcoming social communications #
Good job Gose.
Sales more like bugger off bitches !
My bedroom is starting yo look like a toddler's bedroom again. Hurrah!
Great weather first two days at the beach house.
Saat negara yang berseru kemanusiaan tapi malah berubah menjadi buta kemanusiaan gara-gara dia boneka untuk negara lainnya. Lucu.
Up at the crack of dawn for work... just like every weekend :D
Some great rides in the Eclipse there.
With the 4th now over, we can get back 2 what's really important - dog worship, animal rights, chem trails and the war on Monsanto.
I love having emotional break downs in the airport
Marinko getting bad calls yet again. Such bad luck.
Now I can say with a straight face that follows me.
Eleh snang je PT3 ni sbenarnye
Roman\/Harper vs Usos. This should be a great match between two teams who have never faced each other before.
Nice swing Boegarts
May have perturbed him a little, since he is a former Marine. Vietnam Vet w/ Intelligence and Interrogation background. OOORAH!
Shitty fireworks in the rain and a long walk home... Typical night out in tbay
I think the time has come for man Utd go get back to winning ways......Van Gaal Don't Disappoint Em. .lmao
Wait...Ronaldo scored another goal in a meaningless game/result? I'm stunned!
- continuing in the "proud" tradition of , with illegal surveillance of monitoring lawyers, academics, minorities
I love how facebook is now nothing but image chain letters. I think its about time I stepped away from it again.
Whenever I wear shorts and sit down I feel like my thighs can fill an entire ocean
I feel like I'm the only one in this house who gets the joy of bring a third wheel
Back to work today , can't wait
Well this is awesome
I'm so, so, SO very glad that we've all finally got Kotaku's approval to buy a Wii U.
Just found out my birthday is the same day I was born... Life is crazy
In Colombia we proudly raise our flag, while in Brazil, they tread or burn your own flag. 'sPatriotism
I blame Friday's trade for the bullpen blowing that lead
tight game huh?
Just so everyone knows I'm an attention seeker, that's why I tweet all day and have like 500 followers.
This day just couldn't get any better.
Ohh Mondays how I love you so!
Can't wait for the day that there's gonna be a drama on tl. : )
Loving the possession boys
Love not getting a txt back in 4 hours
Oh you pick great guys don't you...
Congrats to me for not doing anything right
Aaah another day of .
So I see the offense came to play today.
Ophthalmologist has to come in just for me today.....
I love when people rag on someone else about their choices and then they go around and do the same thing.
Sinus infection, Bronchitis, and ear infection. Oh how wonderful to be sick.
Oh today's Father's day, I should greet my dad on social media even though he doesn't have an account.
Havin' a great time YAAAAY
I use because killing people is illegal
I wish I was a comedian like you
Beautiful day &amp; I can barely move. Today is going to be relaxing
Make sure you put that you're vegan in your bio or it doesn't count
Advice: if you have a black boyfriend, everyone will stare at you.
Love being able to sleep :-)
Finally back in IL after being in Europe for 13 days... Yay...
Aw bummer guess the sixers will still suck
Language barriers make for great conversation!!
Ermmmmm some bloke playing the drums over that chap singing. Like he's shit but that's a bit much.
Back to school commercials start in the next 2 or 3 weeks.
Great the argies are through woop woop
On Saturday, it's supposed to be ONLY 100 here. Yay cooling trend!!!
\": Damn, by the looks of that it must be totaled!\n\" lol @ me.
The right to free speech, privacy, property, fair trial, pursuit of liberty and happiness really only apply to caucasian Americans.
Why is I so hard to find bands from to fly me out there to produce their record?!
start work at 6 tomorrow morning, cant wait. shower and early bed for this wean.
Oh boy Titanic is on! Totally my favorite movie of all time!
I really hope Love doesn't go to Cleveland to make a \"big 3.\" I can't imagine how much hate the Cavs would get for doing that.
LeBron will exercise the early termination clause on his contract with the Miami Heat... Didn't see that coming...
I like hanging out with my family. It's the only way that I can learn that I have evident signs of male pattern baldness!
U don't say. \": Some individuals are entitled to their stupid opinions, and really,I respect that a lot! \"
My name wasnt in the search results.
Breaking out into hives was probably the highlight of my day
Thanks for showing Serena Williams instead of the greatest player ever at .
Man do I love it when things aren't available in America
Ah ah ah davvero divertente.
Having to rake every square inch of the barnyard is my favorite
I love how no one pays attention to the emails except when the employee seperation log comes in.
It will be a perfect week for England if Sri Lanka can get this wicket :P ?
Once again, thanks to united airlines for never responding. .
time to stay at home and watch movies all night!
The most exciting time of my life. Omg so fun.
Yay just a few hours of sleep hooray
you know everytime I turn on the tv or go to a wedding, I think "here we go again with heterosexual propaganda"
Thank you, Mother Nature, for thunderstorms in Atalanta causing tugboat man's delay coming home.
I love when it says someone's read your message but they don't write back..
I can cook you dinner ! *orders pizza*
Hey &amp; the slogan for this season is to .
Danielle is ignoring me :(
Soooo, Obama has turned out to be a great leader . Told you that you should've voted for
ought to bring Torres on to get them a goal
I use twitter just read and 's commentary every Monday
YAY!! 2 mexico homers for the Mexico\/Brasil match.
I love not being able to sleep. It's not like sleeping was my favorite hobby or anything.
Ya gotta love the nights where you just lay there and rethink your whole life plan and agonize over things you've messed up
People acting like they know their shit about the draft. I wrote a fucking book, but you probably know more than me about it, okay.
on the bright side, my teacher lost my exam... ha. haaa. hahhh...
The new is a logical step from , it owns a great deal of patents from the Android world.
These past 2 days have been great :-)
What?! The creepy guy from the woods is Frederick! THAT IS BRAND NEW INFORMATION!
I love putting metal on a roof.
Gettin paid to do nothin at work.
They say money can't buy happiness, but being broke buys you nothing
It's official...I can not make it through an undercover boss without tearing up
I enjoy being the last to know stuff.
Another highly intellectual sounding athlete (Andrew Wiggins) set to make millions.
Been home a week and now my skin decides to peel. Great! :P
I love it when people take credit for my work.
Ir a correr a calzada hace que tu nivel socio economico aumente y pierdas grasa abdominal
Well thanks physical therapy thats what i wanted to hear...
'I can knock the nipples off a chicken from 1,000 yards, sir.' Well done!
Springsteen and Marvin's Room never fails to screw with me
Just as I suspected. Nil - Nil at the half.
Opening with modern warfare. I'm so surprised.
I like the 10 minute delay between tornado warning issue and city sirens going off.
Thank you, all my dear friends, for continuing to pressure me into getting tinder
guys prom was on the 4th, why yall so sentimental, save it for tomorrow, God
Gross. JJ is upset over the Fetch breakup. Can't wait for him to join his mother weeping for the loss
$BBRY Better listen to TMF BlackBerry is dead dead dead
what a great help were!
11 more days more of this, can't wait
Thanks again Mr. Service Provider
I wish I had more drama so I could tweet about my life more.
Best start hashtagging tweets
Well, this could not make me any happier.
Gotta love waiting in line at a store while the employee is on a personal phone call.
Wow! There's nothing on the TeenWolf social media about the FandomAwards nomination for Sterek and Sterek Campaign, how surprising!
There's nothing I love more than getting out of work a whole half an hour later than what we were suppose to!
Hot water on open sores &gt;&gt;&gt;
Announcer about Italy "notoriously hard to break down with a lead"
Ahhhhh... the sweet sound of bombs going off and clouds of sulfur hanging in the air tonight~ ~Happy almost 4th of July!
In 's defence, the flood suspiciously targeted Calgarys gay friendly (aka most affluent/liveable) neighborhoods...
Can't wait to be off work for reality to kick back in oughta be a great night again
Caleb sure knows how to have fun.
Good to see the royals offense has returned to normal!
Help, help! I'm being repressed!
Bruised, burnt &amp; tired.. Gotta love blueberries
Oh, 1 more follower, and I will be at 400
Here's a great parenting idea, let's bring our kid to an empty parking lot and let him drive in power wheel. take him to a dam park
that Randeep Hooda dummy is beyond EPIC...
48% of the way through the enhanced edition of Rinzler's Making of Star Wars. Don't think there's enough extra material here
Let's make sure and continue to NOT talk about gun control.
Thomas Muller is 11 days older than me but only has 8 more world cup goals than me... What a scrub.
Wait, I thought the Earth was created by God 6000 years ago. Oh, science... you so crazy.
What a fucking fantastic day.
Wow. Oklahoma fans sure are great, huh?
So you picking up what I'm putting down
i guess i should just start acting how people accuse me of acting, cuz apparently how i am isn't working out for me. . .
please stop the bee!
RT : Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
Wow, great job defense.
65 minutes till geometry regents, I'm totally not nervous lol.
Well today has just been lovely...\n
having a good flight crew doesn't excuse bad CSR reps at ticketing. I'm not being , so why are you?
Dang dude you're a real sweetheart to ya girl.
Gave my sister a pep talk on being proactive, she still acts reactive. I love my family.
Just love having to get up &amp; stare at the walls whilst everyone sleeps on why make me start at 7 ? Go on big man, answer that
Big shout out to my body for deciding that 2am was getting too dull and that spontaneous bleeding from my mouth was the way to go.
Everyone's post on for is probably, Happy that this challenge is over
It will seriously be an effing miracle if I'm still alive by Saturday.
Ur Fine RT ,it jus me and my !
Hey they should have delayed that and ran it tomorrow... Sucked!!!
FAFSA: because your stepdad should really be expected to use his every penny to pay for your college
Life is great when people treat you like a kid
I love wearing a tuxedo in this kind of weather.
I can already tell it's going to be a \"good\" day -_-
Page 2 :How to 20kg in 10 days!
There is so much happening here and everyday is an adventure
Because we gays really need another dating app to "make friends"....
Oh good--more committee meetings
i've missed the 5th eviction night last night :)) that's totally amazinggg !!
Just hope he can afford the fine
Please retweet another Funny Racist tweet cause they're hilarious....
Playing Flappy Bird while fasting. That's not a bad idea
Great way to start my morning
3. Drop Monza.
Yeah! My least favorite character in the original is coming to . Yeah! Good job all around.
Oh Monday, so glad to meet you again!
Ohhhh shit. It's about time \"spoby\" got hot and steamy, it's been months. Those poor souls...
Didn't see yet, but hoping that's or a joke.
Ha ha of course O'Face is on 's worst owners...making CB proud
That trans vaginal mesh lawsuit commercial is so cool during lunch, everyday.
This game is so fucking intense 0-0. Another 45 minutes of passing a ball back and forth.
But happy birthday Natalie!!!
Midnight. Perfect time to make all life decisions
Who's Wells Fargo and what's he nominated for?
I'm in the hottest part of the state today
Hello Mark! It's good to see you again.
Another summer day means another day of working
That mean mug really offended me.
Its always smart to buy a pit bull while your pregnant. You'll have enough time to teach it not to eat your child.
People think is funny but hurts seines feelings 9\/10 because it's usually just a nasty remark with a smile
2 European countries vs Brazil &amp; Argentina from South America in semi finals.Surprise surprise.Not.
Can't wait to see a doctor about this possible arthritis and have to explain the state of my knees. This is going to be awesome
Being late is literally my family's specialty. Thank you I always love having to explain myself.
8 mile is life
Hey, does anyone know if Yasiel Puig flips his bat?
Lukaku is looking like an absolute beast for my Dream Team.
Finals record: Jordan 6-0, Kobe 5-2, "King" James 2-3. Of course Le Majeste is the chosen one.
I love how stuff goes to Lileighs moms and we magically never see it again
What an exciting sport soccer is still 0-0!
You know it's a good a haircut when you need to find someone to trim you up on the same day.
The right wing's reactionary comments on the immigrant children crossing the border is so telling of their sincere Christian faith
Every once in a while i check up on people i hate to make sure i still hate them !
Thank you family for leaving me alone at home to force me to do my homeworks. I love you.
people are the best kinda people.
Tinggal solat fardhu takpe, janji solat terawih jangan tinggal. Siap update lagi..\n\n
Ken Holland showing why he's one of the top GMs in the NHL this offseason
thank you guys so much for putting \"photo credit\" under the pic! I was like dying trying to figure out who took the picture.
Germany needs to pick it up right now. They don't seem like they're working very hard
Lol Djourou just instills confidence in his fellow teammates doesn't he?
My degree of depends on your degree of \n\n
thanks for that brilliantly-managed inning, TC! ()
Sean Marshall is going to have shoulder surgery? Man I didn't see that coming.
Bring out the goal line technology to see if that one went in?
Can't bite your way out of a suspension Luis Suarez. You racist cannibal you.
I'm taking my talents... to lunch.
I'm not entirely sure, but according to sources ... LeBron's letter didn't mention Andrew Wiggins. Don't quote me on that.
In an attempt to keep people alert has decided to move July 4th to the 6th this year. Happy Independence Day!
Has the internet really made us all that jaded? RT : I don't know you like that, jussaying RTRT...
Never get tired of looking at ExxonMobil
I will be filing a lawsuit against Hooters in the morning because their logo hurts my feelings and is sexist..
How do I even respond to that!? Most of the time I'm just being .
Hmm How much do I wanna pay for gas $3.45 per gal or $3.58?? Hmmm?? Hard choice #
What, is this the new, nicer \"I'm in love with Brittany,\" version of Devin?
yes! MT Yup! I like using a hash tag, like , so ppl don't take things the \"wrong\" way.
having all the source files zen encrypted makes life so much easier
It just took me 2 hours to drive 10 miles. I love NYC I love it here still
This guy TOTALLY looks like ringo from tombstone.
what a great morning.
I'm in such a great mood.
Critics said he botched it. Wrong! The deck was stacked against him. Those fools made the Fundamental Attribution Error.
Y'all the green goblin is in the office, should I get his autograph
Is there a soccer game on or something?
I love how much of an hypocritical asshole my father is
Well that didn't sound sluty at all haha
Maybe someone hacked the jurors' phones?
Hope you enjoyed the latest in Trans news like I do .
Balotelli Vs. : A battle of two of my favourite, honourable, athletes.
The only thing this game is missing is a water break. Unless I slept through it.
I've done a paragraph, it's a good start for my 4pages essay due tomorrow
Just saw the stat that the only team Iran has beaten in 9 matches is the US.
thanks a lot
I WISH I WAS AN , SO I COULD 8 PEOPLE AT ONCE
Nice to know when you're wanted!
i guess PCA,MTV award &amp; all other thousands of nominations of Delena everywhere shows that no one wants them
Ohhh you're cool talking shit about soccer. Congratulations you have such a different mind than other people
And thanks for being there for me....
but hey, they aren't many quality music producing software out there aite.. they must be using the same one lewl
Yup... this soccer thing is boring.
or myb u forget that Mingie is exist ? ~ \ncan u feel how his fans feeling too ? tsk ~ \nDont be so rude~~~
I mean... I see his point, he must have worked his nuts off to get all those kids...
Two days in a row! Wow! What a shocker!
Today is goin so perfect
wooooo call of duty
another delivery fail with . left at front door but not here. Called and got hung up 2x. UPS should win best customer service.
Kayla is so smart. She always knows more than the teacher! :)
Thanks for keeping me entertained :)
To the new guys in . Don't let these sharks get ya! I'll trade 1 for 1 head up! I'm old school like that. ;)
maybe they called him \"hey you\"
Went into SVT today... So much fun!!!
Rubbish by France, hope ye choke on your frog legs, snail eating dopes, didn't need that 400 quid anyway
Things everyone loves: when someone tweets but they don't text you back. ()
Never met a teenager driving a luxury car that I didn't like #
Nerlens and Embiid what a great combination
\": Today has been so fantastic. \" SUMMERR3
LOL MY LIFE IS AWESOME
Addicted to rejection, I asked all of my good friends for n00dz and they all said no.
I just want to go home take a ride in my jeep down a dirt road and raise some hell .
Today has started out with our boys literally pretending to be tornados! This promises to be a productive day...
So, maybe our approach to is wrong.. Maybe this is the approach some are taking? See PIC
Can't wait for this 8 hours of science
I want to become one of those sax players who only records elevator music
Classy girls fuck their boyfriends when they have family over.
So this week is gonna be fabulous.
I love Mondays.
Great British Summer alert!!
literally quit on life today. took a 5 hour nap. watched Netflix when I wasn't sleeping. nice summer so far.
I love Mondays!
me:mum l want to get a tattoo
Being allergic to cardboard is just so stellar when you're moving! It just the bomb
So glad that my brief college education prepared me with enough Spanish knowledge to understand the McDonald's dialect.
Thought Algeria had a chance there.
Tell us how you REALLY feel! RT : "I really HOPE this goes to PKs"
Isn't Patrick Reed supposed to be one of the greatest 5 players ever?
Nani has an awesome first touch if we don't shank it to him.
Zo. Even een flinke workout eruit gooien. Gewoon omdat ik niks leukers kan verzinnen met dit weer.
Loving this blister on the bottom of my foot!
someone just posted an indirect tweet about me.finally feel popular again.
So glad the creepy guy at the park decided to stare at and talk to me and not my flat mate!!
Oh great it's Andrew castle
What a weird match Kyrgios vs Raonic will be ..ACE ACE.....ACE ACE...\nToo bad I'll be asleep
So the new Transformers movie sucks? SHOCKER. Totally didn't see that coming.
Idk what sam gets so insecure. And has trouble trusting ppl.
wow @ johnny football rolling up 20s in the bathroom...yeah he was def just putting away his money &amp; not doing coke smh
Bret didn't screw Bret.
I've been single for a while and I have to say its going very well. Like, its working out... I THINK IM THE ONE!!!
Gets your data to the NSA even faster? More uptime? "Securely"? Awesome
Thank you for making me watch and listen to hockey jargon all day
Why I love fans\n\nNo Fagundez?\n\nAvailability issues\n\nwhat do you mean?\n\nAvailability is not his strong suit thi weekend \n\n
Doing \"work experience\" at my school this week.... YAY! I honestly believe it will be interesting and worth my time.
9 days to Vegas.. I just think it's not going to be fun.
I love looking for cat makeup ideas
First politics in friendship and now in family! Nice -_- I like it..
Obama says he will bypass Congress and use executive action to enact some immigration reforms He's doing a great job
So, the shy farm guy is the secret admirer...excuse me while I faint from shock.
Thank god you made my night!!
It's good that Lfc are signing players that we couldn't have last year - Lambert, Lallana, Bony, Remy, Markovic, Lovren, can etc
So glad my money is safe
So..emergency root canal time. Who says life isn't aweaome?
Austin was great and all, but I'm finally back in the best city in the world! Shout out to Newark.
Good to have 2 of 9 players attend open gym. Nothing like some offseason dedication. -7
Just kidding don't really care.
Silly Germany have fallen right in to Brazil's very elaborate trap. Big Phil has them right where he wants them
How odd. Can't sleep.
The heat ain't so hot
..... oh selangor water so cheap...
Just bought tickets for Disneys Frozen on ice.
Do meatballs have beef and pork in them? Nope the meatballs are veggie I can't make this shit up
Love that the home of footy doesn't have the GF reply on live in QLD!
Wat jammer zeg dat Nadal eruit ligt....
How 'beautiful' that moment when you realize everyone around you is a goddamn liar.
I love it when creepy old men make sexual comments to me at work.
Being that guy that makes a great friend but, for some reason not boyfriend material.
Ronaldo really is the best on Earth!...
Shit, I love being ignored..who doesn't?!
It's suppose to be in the 90's today... Great.
Penalties! Didn't see that coming
I'm so excited I get to do nothing on the 4th of July cuz I have clinicals from 545am-245 the next day.
Dempsey looks like he's having the time of his life rn. \n
My phone screen is destroyed...My life is on that device!!!
What a big surprise that drake won the award
Me esta encantando este verano.
it's amazing how much you care
enjoying the commentary more than the game. got nothing on this commentator
Dempsey looks like he's having the time of his life rn.
Oh, that sucks. It's raining and thundering...that means I can't mow and I'll just have to take a nap.
If she 13 I'm 13
They play the best music at Spencer's
Hahahaha, Look at all the bullshit.
If soccer was played at the wild pace of this Uruguay vs England match, the sport would probably catch on globally.
Totally love it when someone is lunging at me to buy something then completely disappears.
when it's about the election, everybody suddenly knows everything about government
'O dear, he's offside.' ?
Today is off to a great start.
Benzema shot a goal?? I'm so suprised!!
Everyone criticizes the Salem Witch Trials, but we havent had a witch attack in over 200 years.
So happy all my friends have texted and seen how It was going! .
Those Fred jokes from is make me think I can do better on his position in any day.\n\n
5-0 vs the ranked team in the world? Just hand the trophy right now! ()
Got to love graphics
I am exited to announce..... absolutely nothing :)
My goal in life is to purposely piss people off. It's what I'm here to do.
When you tell someone you miss them &amp; they say "I miss you too", 10 out of 10 times they really miss you too...
Way go out on a limb. You're a real hero MT: The Redskins shouldn't even be a debate. It's literally a derogatory term.
Excited that I get to relax after a long day of work with an evening of more work
I love having to do graveyard shifts all weekend, super exciting
I am so lucky...
Because they can't
The last fifteen or so hours have been really great.
Think Brazil would settle for a draw here! !
What a great vacation so far... I'm 20 years old and I know how to handle myself. It feels like I'm in high school all over again!
Stabbing in LAX on Saturday? Good thing I walked 12 blocks home alone while intoxicated...
-Llisten eagerly, speak softly, eat discriminatingly and sleep soundly.
I hope they sell crazy fan pills at the concession! That always makes things better!!!!!
Fabregas playing behind Van Persie again will be great to see again
So i just texted my dad and said
Today just keeps getting better and better.
People are like "your vehicle's a beast" or "that's too big" thanks, your legs and thumb is something I can't compete with
Server said "if you need me I'm Chris."
You left the group on whats app.
Wtf, 'er is nog niets aan de hand' nee joh we staan met 18 - 0 voor
Because I want to spend my money to see a hole in the ground at the corvette museum. Have people never seen dirt and rocks? -_-
road tripping with only 3 working tires and 3 empty stomachs in the Texas heat is a great way to spend the afternoon.
Love having friends that I can hang out with on the 4th of July
Dear , You ARE aware that 'football' outside of US means 'soccer' here from sea to shining sea, yes?
Congratulations on your loss team usa!!! Not a single good player on that team and we get to see them next round!!!!
Today could seriously not got any better.
Well, that was an extremely fun morning sitting in the car shop
I just get so excited with Corey doesn't answer my calls
I'm so glad we don't tell each other what's going on and we're not honest with one another. Cause that would totally suck.
Just heard the news that Curt Shilling is still alive. Hooray.
A bunch of wandering the border looking for people to shoot?\n\nWhat could possibly go wrong?\n
My fucking god let's play a game called: explain my life in one gif. Here it goes:
Stop and go traffic on the interstate. Joyous.
love how twitter has stopped sending emails when people follow me.
With the weather like Britain in Sao paulo no excuse we should qualify today come on you
Whatsoever you say, At least my lock screen is not a selfie.
Having a blast watching Star Wars videos on Youtube. If this is what life is, I'm living it!
This walk home is aboutta be so great
Thanks for DMin me yall lol
since 2 hr der r no tweets who deserve retweet.
Such a genius!
Possibly the greatest shift in the world 12am-7am
Shoutout to roommates for being AWESOME.
BJs &amp; HJs R holocausts of souls!
Great start to this long day
The USA has turned into a bunch of weak pansies. Cracker Barrel offends me. We must change the name
I can feel the trust..
So luke Shaw wants to go to Utd, but Woodward hasn't closed the deal. Well I'm fucked.
So, your gonna play me, then replace me. How was I so lucky....
MT "30 days. Modi hasn't linked rivers, no bullet trains, no agri revolution, not deported illegals, no price fall"
Tantrums over wet socks really make my day.
people are just so nice :)
Doe blind eruit en doof erin
What a horrible game...Nil-Nil...absolutely horrendous...
So... is there anything happening in the world of sports today?
Apparently someone else bitching over Braxon's toys is me bitching bc I said something about their bitching. Yeah that's right!
My work fuckin cracks me up with some shit I have to do.
This Phil Spencer guy sounds like a "cool" dude....
A wise person once told me, \"if you decide to not care, you open up your heart to a world of possibilities.\"
I haven't had a big appetite 4 a week now!dont knw where 2 worry or 2 B proud!\n
I love how Big Papi runs out everything. Such an inspiration to all youngsters out there
Nothing eases like hearing about someone else's anxiety dream.
Yeah the Miz is back
I'm really surprised that this "Sound Designer -- Relocate to Saudi Arabia" job persists in not being snatched up.
H , girl, hey!
That joke was hilarious i couldn't believe my ears !
This match is one to tell the grandchildren about
Some of the girls in my class are just... wow.... I think my class is know 4 gossip... I wonder why..
best acting ever!
Looks like a light drizzle in Saskatchewan...
beating the shit out of someone vocally
tengo un restriado del copon y encima no puedo dormir, siiiii soy un suertudoo
What an exciting, fast-paced game this is.
Do u like the way i am?? \nOr \nshould i ask God to Improve Ur taste? :D
where are u,Justin? busy with Yovanna? and then not take a selfie? -_- i think u must. for the next pictures on your shots account.
Walk to work? Maybe I should also start using smoke signals to communicate with my peers
Well. Thanks for unfollowing and blocking me on my wedding day.
So I ask why babybells are in plastic...her reply is "I don't know ring babybell and ask them why it's in plastic"
NBA Rumors: Carmelo Anthony is leaning towards joining forces with Ersan Ilyasova and the Milwaukee Bucks! Lol
ain't nobody got time for dat
15 min in and no goals?! What a boring game!
in 2 days I will be camping at Creation... not sure if I'm more excited to hear awesome music or to camp on a farm.
Its healthy when your man cheats. That way you know he is A Real Man.
Buying sunglasses from Primark is so classy
David Luiz, what a great defender.
My morning had started off awesome....
Got up at 6:30, ended at 4. Nonstop working outside in the 90 degree weather was a blast!!!
Being lied to is the best!
Is the World Cup over yet? Doesn't an American team always win anyway?
.They LOST?! Whoa... I guess you're right... I mean, there's no way to celebrate skilled play unless you win everything.
I love it when people prove why I have
Sitting in pew alone at wedding for friend is fun.
Yeah you cake that makeup on extra thick. It's helping sooooo much.
You make me feel so welcome...
It's a good day when I have to go to the bank multiple times.
yeah, helpin ty house-sit, alone, at 11 at night sounds like a good fucking idea...specially leavin us alone together..
What an awesome Monday
But i love it. hoho &lt;3
4 earlies in a row starting tomorrow! Two 4ams and two 5ams! Can't wait!
So glad to see that we're still interfering with a woman's decisions about her own health.
Twitter here in South Florida is so quiet about what could happen with LeBron James. No speculation at all.
{{Thanks Twitter for not telling me i have mentions, really helpful }}
Now got half a season of D.Wades knees.
Hey, let me just tell you I did really great on the AP Euro test.
When I'm fighting with someone through text I say "lol" way too much
.the best way to prevent people from stealing your product is to make it difficult to obtain legally.
Oh your pregnant? I wouldnt have guessed i mean u havent been stuffing your face all morning
I haven't been in a good mood lately, and that helps a TON.
Manaus today: 27 degrees and 79 percent humidity at 18:00. Houston 27 degrees and 81 percent humidity at 23:30.
Oh man my confidence is at it's peak now!!
By all means neighbor your not making enough noise please crank the country music at top volume
Girl is like 639-nevermind.......
I just love waking up at 5:30 am with a charley horse!!
Deze maand ga k weer lekker veel krijgen
No rain and the bleeding heat is back. SO MUCH FUN working outside...\n
Oh. How nice. -_-
Like any football fan, I think the number of corners is the most important thing in any game
Remember when you needed a disc to stream ? Damn, I'm old! Hahahaha!
Whoa. Derek Fisher is Knicks head coach. Huge shocker there.
Food poisoning is my favorite way to drop some quick pounds.
Dentist in the morning, yay!
Yay. They're bringing out the bottle rockets. My favorite part.
There's only thing missing from this marvellous game: Mark Lawrenson commentating. I miss his input.
Thank you for protecting me from myself. It's not like I used my No-IP domain for anything important.
The really brought it tonight.
I love being ignored it's my fave
Algeria have a guy called islam playing = EVIL
I just love when people insult me out of the blue!
Wait so James Neal has been traded?
Shocker that McAdoo went undrafted.
Who cares if school doesn't teach us how to raise a family or get a job, at least I can find the area of a triangle.
Such great parenting.
.I'M A BIG OL LIAR MAMMO IS COMPLETELY SANE
Im sure that whole "43" thing had NOTHING" to do with calling the race. No way; NASCAR simply doesnt operate like that
Fell asleep for 30 min on the couch. Woke up to 100 Taylor selfies on my phone and now Im wide awake....sweet!
Puking is great when you're crying
Mobile Twitter without notifications is really useful, wow...
The ref totally just tripped someone....That's a foul right?
Thank you for the FaceTime I really enjoyed seeing you after over 2 weeks across the country in Europe
Because I have been sleeping the greatest lately...
If you work construction you prob have a cool tat.
Vi prego, ditemi ancora quanto sia meravigliosa Daenerys e quanto sia impossibile detestarla
Yehey! My first class tomorrow is Math.
Nothing more exciting than to attend your younger brothers friends birthday party even though he is not going him self yayay
Spending the day catching up on edits at a cafe before work. Can I BE any more of a writer?
10 hour shift yayyyyy
Just incase anyone cares I'm 2\/4 for my exam ratio!!!!! just incase anyone cares
the camera work for this match is some Emmy winning shit
Thanks for believing in me mom and dad, means a lot
Hot flashes are super fun when you don't have AC...in July. \r
So glad howard county got to represent all of district 12.
OMG DANCE CENTRAL!!!!! YES!!!!! WOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so excited to see my tl floor with the Lebron news ...
It's good to see that in spite of the patch, assholes are still finding ways to cheat in RDR.
You know cheese is real when you put it in the microwave for 1 minute and it doesn't melt.
Just landed at Dulles and beginning the epic wait to get off the plane. Work tomorrow AM is going to be awesome.
Last day of school!!! Now I have to clean the house when Im bored...
So much fun
Because that's exactly how it's supposed to go.
Oh, don't worry, bulimia and binging are also exclusive to women. At least we're not discriminating against other eating disorders
I just love it when people back out on their plans. So much.
Glad my central AC works soooo well...
Oh my god! Your bowling story is sooooo interesting
Can't wait to be aquatinted by at our 4 hour driving class on the 25th
I love when deer run into my car
I love staying home alone on a wonderful night not going to a party at all
oh I just love waiting on people.\n
Time to sleep. Up in 4 hours. Summer semester starts today. Yay math. Woo-hoo. I'm excited (((HUGS))) Laters.
Forecast for Saturday is sunny with a high of 84. I have a pool.
I love being treated like a little girl
Getting insulted by my family is prob the best thing ever :-)
Leave go back leave go back. Happy I laughed it off
I'm not classy enough for my bra to match my panties
I'm a world expert on DNA now !!!
WOAH. I didn't know I was a bad person for having piercings! Thanks, dude.
The best place to have contractions is stuck in a hail storm at the SoCo Buffalo Wild Wings.
I like when people drunk text me.
Taadi krutie pacani aizlaida garaam ; D ; D
Everyone criticizes the Salem Witch Trials, but we havent had a witch attack in over 200 years.\n
More rain. Yay.
More rain. Yay!
I love it so much more now much more.
Why hello tailspin. It's been awhile...soo glad your back
Me: ummm yes, damn them; buying your wares - with the money.
Looks like the attack ad didn't work for Lucroy...
I think was jealous that though he pays and controls , were furthering Maliki's plan,thus bombed'em in
Thanks for the books Rex Book Store
Vamooos, con este equipo ganamos el mundial seguroo!!
Tino:I know the sign says No dunking Dad!
Astorino says Cuomo's book should be a real "page-turner."
4 games in a row the offense has disappeared again. but seriously they still need a bat
Time for another iOS update. I expect tons of battery life and lighting-quick processing when it's done...
Fun with Idols, cannibalism, Mary Worship, rituals... what else did I miss?
Don't hear much about luke Procter at lancs now do u ?
I can tell Stats is gonna be fun...
.And so began the myth of Cabbage Patch kids.
Spain are sick!
Well this is a great 4th of July weekend.
Brainstorming w/a friend about a line of greeting cards for inmates. i.e. "Happy Sentencing Day!" What's your suggestion?
loving an early morning start of researching drug trials.
Brother just arrived, whoop,whoop!* Me trying to be excited. *sigh* sucks!
So lucking forward to this
Who knew so many A-list celebrities are experts in Constitutional Law? Law schools needing adjuncts: call Hollywood
That one week where you started a bunch of songs but finished none.
I love spending all day celebrating a father that I don't even have in my life.
Guilty conscience? No problem! Just cover it up by pointing fingers!
Good morning indeed
I love reading my daughter's old tweets.
Social conventions are so overrated.
My favorite part of the day is when it starts pouring rain right as I'm leaving work.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
High school drama when half the people graduated I LOVE IT.
Absolutely love when I text people and it takes them close to forever to reply.
20 mile family bike rides at 8 am. If that's not a relaxing vacation I don't know what is
girl...I told her to take a and she sent me this...
Oh yay Wilshire
It is so punk rock to wear your guitar strap so low that you have to bend over slightly to even play it
Another great thing to add to this great week
What a wonderful way to start the day -_-
Thanks For Waking Me Up Bro
Our 1st baseman and pitcher are terrible. Thanks Walt
Thanks a lot, .
*praying* \"Oh Lord please! Let the hurricane miss Martha's Vineyard so Mr. Obama can have yet ANOTHER awesome vacation!!!!'
Well that was definitely fantastic
Iran &amp; Nigeria living up to all the hype
I am currently feeling pretty ambivalent about the upcoming BF4 DLC. \n\nThat may change though because \"news\" vids excite me\n\n
How do you rich people do it ?. It must be so hard
Waking up in the same outfit from last night usually indicates you had a great night.
I'm glad that the Apple TV remote is so small bc it never gets lodged in the cushions :')
And shoutout to AT&amp;T for providing great service and incredibly fast internet!
I love that when the World Cup comes around all of the sudden everyone is a soccer fan.
Wow. Maurer is a great interview.
Gotta love a southern accent! Lol ??
Sound problems are the best
Sooooo ...its a quiet day on the Hill, sure you are missing your old office. Whatcha up too? Available?
It was all downhill for stocks today since the \"did he or didn't he?\" Luis Suarez biting incident. Just sayin'.
S/O to the parents that dress their twins in the same exact outfit, that doesn't make it more confusing for me or anything
At least Brazil can hold their heads high for not giving up.
Former \"Roma\" player Mark Bresciano is subbed off
Leaving your 6 month old baby sitting by himself unattended so you can play baseball with your husband sounds like a great idea
Ya guys italy is in europe so im gonna cheer for germany, italy, france, Belgium and Netherlands and every top team cuz im european
Not a soul on the face of this great earth shall ever find quite as humble a specimen as yours truly. ;P
Of course, I didn't see that coming.
So....who won the game?
If you insult me and think im not gonna come back with a remark your wrong (/._.)/
Good to see England sticking to their long ball game. It's served them so well over the years.
My phone is always blowing up, stop guys stop
I love having my phone by me all day and it staying blank the whole day
Yay my favorite bitch is over tonight.
I love doing nothing and hanging with no one
I love spending my one weekend day off working on a show in September.
My dream job is one of those situations like Kim K where they just kinda pay you to exist
Omg can't wait till junior year starts... Woohoo!! Can't wait to find new friends that will only last a school year..
Beer tour in Portland was terrible. I can't think of a worse thing to do... I even caught a Portugal USA soccer match!
I always get a kick out of idiotic planning, closing it's brand new tunnel due to flooding, money well spent
\"Think\" Like a REAL Black Man, Alan West! You gotta hate your skin color to be real!
Ehh one of the biggest fears I have is fireworks.... Love independence day so much :/
Boy, I'm sure glad someone at left a TV on for me to watch the game today
Let's praise planned parenthood centers for eclipsing previous abortion numbers... But shame people for hunting animals
Time to celebrate the 200th time listening to the \"Frozen\" soundtrack!
Awesome day. The best!
All these people picking Argentina to win are ballsy
What I love most about is their flawless cable service! Especially when it cuts out every 30 seconds!!!
Fellaini playing just off the striker.... Is there no end to this lads talent
Update~ cuz my life is just soo important to my 0 followers. I made an Instagram, check my bio, and I really fucking hate my mom
Yes, I know Manny did it intentionally, and Josh never did.
This house is so wonderful.
Round two of my root canal today! Yay!
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 years to your life. is extremely healthy for the mind."
Don't you just love early mornings hehe
I love when people stare at me, don't worry, it makes me feel fantastic!
Jessie is in the best mood!
Life is too short... Yeah cheese, fake cheese...
Hail Putin the Great!
It's real mature to talk smack behind someone's back, but you are still their BESTFRIEND!
If you utter the words "I'm a regular here" it's the secret to 5-star service. Employees love that shit.
Thats just great.........
I love watching soccer players flop around on the ground!!
Not quite sure why you're so perfect and I'm always fucking shit up.
I thank the person who ignited the fire in me...
Maybe the owners need to send him to Shane Tritton?
I adore how I just can't seem to take my own advice.
Oh you just lie, cheat, and ruin marriages nooo you're not a bad person at all
...Waterfront, Eglinton Connects is such a great inspiration for our future leaders. (2\/2)
My day just got even better why does this happen to me? And why can't I help ppl the way I want too
GM recalling 8.4 million vehicles going back 17 years. Good thing we bailed out such a truthful company of this quality.
Best way to counter-act stupidity
Inside Higher Ed
Study: \"doesn't translate via text when dating.\" ME: If you can't get my , then you can't get me (literally). .
Bye bye Espania ;-) :-P\n\n
Congrats cousin Jeff Carter, thanks for flying me to Los Angeles for the win. Cheap fucker
You know it's the start to a wonderful day when your car won't start.
I've been tweeting wrong I should tweet about wanting to marry a hockey player
So damn excited to wake up at 4am to watch the here in New Zealand. .... Damn the time difference lol.
There's no privilege going on in your analysis AT ALL. And definitely no classism.
Don't let your kids play soccer, parents.
This audition will be fantastic.
stalk her at her school\/college\/workplace, in a bike with your best mate as pillion. Honk\/whistle incessantly.\n
I can't believe it's summer
Massive shock to see Hamiltonian pit stop nearly a second slower than Rosbergs.
It's always a good idea to piss your significant other off before you go on vacation without them
Just remember: Programs are more important than people. . . we have like 100 people but only one youth program.
There's a shocker MT: The no-parking-on-Bank is a Day 1 trial. The BIA doesn't want it to stay like that.
Sooo I'm going in today to get all four of my wisdom teeth extracted!! Yay! () prayers VERY appreciated. Long week ahead!!
I love the GoPro cameras but whoever decided that the new one needed to shoot upside down was a genius.
Just what I want from a Tom Clancy game. Hit points.
Im at that point in my sunburn where my skin is hot to the touch but i am freezing. My favorite part...am i right?
Because there are just some much more BETTER friends for BETTER people, no? :)
And my shoulder just popped out...great end to a great weekend
The Congestion Charge has been a huge success
Oh, sure, Germany - NOW you score.
THEY GON PAY ME 9.25 starting tomorrow OMG how cool
Jon- Another brother from the same mother.. JD- Yes, thats true..
I just think that if you move into a neighbourhood where there is a sports stadium, they should have to stop playing sports there.
Yes. Let's shoot fireworks from a moving vehicle towards houses.. That's a fantastic idea.
I love getting getting home at 11pm on a Sunday night from the , should be more of these Sunday night games.
Going to the Tigers game today. Not going to have any fun...
You know you're an adult when you're excited about sleeping till 8:30.
12-3 serving, 3-5 dressing burgers, and 5-8 making milkshakes. What a great day at work.
Can't wait till a cup driver gets the pole and wins the NNS race!
Colorful spandex, mini-heeled sandals and a Got Tequila? shirt to class? I obviously give a fuck today.
Woman, thou screws art loosed! -My Dad
Angry book readers spoiling Lady ********** on Twitter. Good job guys!
Chitrahaar () ": In 25 years we have not been able to produce an original world class TV show in India. Think!"
I love when i go to work and the waitress calls in sick therefore I become the waitress and end up saying an extra 2 1/2 hours
well. work was fun.
Who doesn't love getting a dick pic over FB message?
Everyone on the south Korea team have such different haircuts..
oh wow... and adventure tweet about upgrading your ticket. A logo with an ostrich instead of a rabbit maybe?\nis back
5 and a half hours left of work hurray I'm so happy
Work wasn't too bad this week, looking forward to my full on weekend
Dont you just love it when u TRY to ask ppl about how there day was, be nice, and help ppl out and yet they are complete assholes?
Soaked &amp; completely wet due to rain, I just love my job!
I swear JeffState. Thanks for helping me out. I really appreciate it!
League community is super A+.
Whooooaaaa day, don't you go getting better on me!
aaa..*pukpuk* RT : Mgkn gitar PINJEMan jd Jatuh Gak Masalah RT milana_lau: mgkn orgnya punya gitar 10 biji XD
Sorry, what just happened during the ?!
Well, officially addicted to - thanks ... Bc I need more distractions in my life -_-
I love coffee stains! They are a perfect Monday treat!
I seriously got in my thinking mode when I saw in trends... damn u client sites... ;) :P
Hypocrites..... You have to love them
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Penalties. Yaaaaay .
Right my sky box has a clash so I'm going to have to turn the football off.
Little known fact: Gervinho's first name is Ricky.
Might have to turn on ., cause I'm just dying to know what Word Salad had to spew today!
In less than a month I will have beat the statistics of teenage pregnancy while married to black man. \n\n
I totally thought Brazil was going to mount a comeback against Germany. The 5-0 halftime deficit wasn't THAT bad.
Well I can tell by Alicia's striped hair she's a real smart and classy lady.
A student sexually harassed a female student lightly and HE did NOT get suspended..
Yay. Thunderstorm warning coming in my general direction. This should be FUN...
Wait, is performing at Citi Field? Why haven't you told us?
Wow A+ boyfriend right
well. so much for motorized drunkenness. you party poopers. (best after noon)
The service at Philipsburg Mcdonalds is always lovely
S/O to mrs. Lynch for helping us finish the yearbook
Today was just so great!! I just love getting yelled at!
I love whenever my phone dies right in the middle of texting somebody.
Love the World Cup, I understand all football and have full knowledge of the offside
Oh gee I wonder why?
You gotta play for the eagles....
Thanks so much for all of your suggestions of what to photograph tomorrow, I'm not sure that I can do them all in a day!
Let go Heat!!
I just love subtweeting so much it's my favorite
.. It should say, \"I WANT TO BE A LIBERAL! ALL FOR THE PARTY THE PARTY FOR ONE! LONG LIVE THE PARTY!\"
Glad that we pay a crap ton of money for when 90% of the time our internet doesn't even work.
Today's Assignment: Running story of 's match. So watch and write about tennis. *oh darn*
Glad we have Martin Davis and pitcher's spot due up in the 9th. Why would you even want Pedro to hit?
Summer off to a horrible start
God dammnit. I got nominated for the fucjing ice challenge, thank you so very much . Bastard\n#
Looks like brazil are coming back
So excited for segment 2
So if win... doesn't that mathematically put out of the ???\nOh dear me... I'm devastated...
Hey thanks for ruining with your constant and unnecessary orchestra hits strewn throughout Mondays broadcast.
I absolutely LOVE waiting for my plane to get into the terminal cuz I haven't been in this plane long enough
Mark Lawrenson should become a comedian.
Is it comfortable to talk with mouth stuffed with a dildo? That is probably the nicest comment I have ever gotten!
Wow what I great night
And said they can have someone come out Tuesday to fix it. Didn't even authorize the box they switched
Did I miss the week long build up of decision to change teams? That was so much fun the last time.
I love you. But not you. Yeah you. We are just friends
I just love being left at home alone.
Man you seem crushed.
We move to a new era.. the one where Derek will be called the "golden boy" of Television Academy.. after 6 nominations..it's time!
Thank you so very much for calling me fat, means a lot.
I wouldn't mind if Kaymer had a Rory McIlroy Masters collapse... Would love to see Rickie win.
Q:Why do u pass the buck if I ask u 2 make coffee? A:My nose is blocked. Q:What does that have 2 do with ur hands? A:I can't hear u
The Heat have some great fans, huh?
Getting ones on AP an IB tests is good, right? It means you're number one, right?!
England did well.
Thanks for listening
Only 11 more hours left in this shift!
To write a great series, you need the word ; not unsnaps, unwraps, unties, or undone... but you need the word .
Gosh lucky for me I have tomorrow off and I can watch the World Cup ...go me!
work is going to be fun today
Oh great Greece just scored in the 90th minute another 30 mins to look forward to now
Don't worry Paul Wolfowitz and Doug Feith.....Iraq's civil war isn't your fault
cute is your mom talk to your crush more than you :)
That's just awesome. #
Lol tores is coming out. Hahahha OK now Spain will definitely win.
.Clearly you're a very well educated, intelligent person. We should all listen to&amp;respect you. You make Twitter great.
Doctors visit... Yay
Songs back to french. So I have no idea if this upbeat music is an inappropriate beat for a song about child abuse.
Oh she's coming, oh splendid, splendid. Fantastic.
Wow you r so cute, with your glam shots, and the endangered animals you killed.
I love when people only talk to me because they need something.
It's Monday! Whoop!
There was a half drunk beer on the table and I told my dad it was mine. I got a lecture
I'm glad I pay $1000 to watch movies in class everyday
Continue to be SHOCKED how many Americans on twitter refuse to live up to Ann Coulter's moral standard...
Lina is so beautiful, it's always the pretty ones that cause people to murder
Everytime lil' Wayne plays, I just think, man, would be jammin right now....... Bahahaha
I was blessed with the best parents . .
Props to SM Appliance Center Rockwell! Great customer service! It takes only 30 mins to issue a Receipt.
Amy Poehler. Nasty girl. perky people bring out the Ron Swanson in me.
Pepe red card, didnt see that coming....
So I heard about this new twitter that's about against gaming. please take it seriously
This is fun.....lets keep making random times when LeBron is supposed to announce his decision
What a great Monday morning!
Nice awareness, Cameron.
this day is fucking happy.. seriously.. wth..
1 step forward 10,000 back...love working my ass off at something and it next to never paying off! Oh well back to the grind stone!.
Sorry I cant text you back immediately
I love the sound of doors slamming over and over. Makes me feel like I'm living in a Travel Lodge.
So proud of our boys for taking down the heavily-favored Japan tonight in the finals of American Ninja Warrior.
C'mon Portugal. You've still got a chance! Because "CR7" is god!
I was really productive today managed to watch an entire season of South Park
\": really thought FOMC would be catalyst to get $IBM back to 200 \"
Lebron James opts out---huge surprise
Who was the genius that thought watermelon flavored Oreos were a good idea?
And now I've an extra fatigue portion yay
Fell in the shower, what a superb end to a fantastic fucking day
Don't you all see!? We love our school that's why we participate! Thanks Bouchard and Crete for making sure we love it.
I just love customers who can only manage monosyllabic words..
tmrw at ten we're having the discussion about my new responsibilities yaaaaaay
Being treated like a kindergartener at work is fantastic, especially by someone who just started.
I guess the NBA isn't like the WWE and this shit ain't rigged
Once again, Cleveland media has done themselves proud with a huge story.
Well the fun in this whole thing seems to have ended. Awesome.
We're totally going to win the World Cup this year.
Just saw an order in my email from 2002. I bought a Palm Pilot for $90. Best money I ever spent.
I love my 5:30am wake up calls from the puppy just to say \"hey play with me\"
\"I'm lactose intolerant.\"\n\n...WHAT? Your body is reacting negatively to gulping the mammary secretions of another species? Weird!\n\n
*runs around carrying sunny d* "RAAAAH, I AM CRACKEN FROM THE SEA."
\"You're as fat as a whale\" -
Greece will be right on the front foot from the off as usual here.
Get to prep meals tonight. Awesome
So pumped all my friends wanna hang out with me
... dumbass. as u can tell, i love all my frnds!! ha
Nothing beats the amazing love story of
: Never break in a pair of 3 inch heels at a networking event
Oh look making racist comments . Never had her down as a racist . No, really.
Right I'm off to do what only the joy &amp; sheer pleasure Tesco shopping can bring.... catch up later
I'm totes a winner
Taco Bell really has their A team working tonight....
Oh did you like Kings of Leon before Sex on Fire? Really? Wow that's so impressive, I like you way more now
The lunch with my family is so great
Well at least our next opponent will be an easy win
I LOVE PEOPLE.
Given that the crowd are struggling with the heat in Brazil, the Qatar decision is looking really sensible
I just love love love my life right now
I love that when I am not wearing makeup, I don't get carded.
These saxophones deserve an A+ for effort...
so orphan black gets 0 emmy nom's two years in a row. 1 woman playing 9 characters def doesn't deserve a nom.
I just love when my friends are over and I can't even hang out with them
Oh no pressure being back
Who are we sayings gonna win this match?
I was getting tired at work. Thank goodness my co-worker decided to play fifa on the Xbox at a deafening volume.
Wow I love when the cup goes to a non-hockeytown -____- I hope the cup has fun in a place where no one actually cares about it
That scary moment when you feel your heart literally skip a beat and your vision goes kinda black for a second.
\": Let's complain about every small little thing, 'cause why not \"
Andy Murray is out, boohoo
Yes now we get military dad pictures!
Why is so much fun?
Stayed up doing 2 final projects yayy
For profit cancer care doesn't seem like could go badly wrong at all does it?
There's an uberexciting game... Guys are so good at walking 'round the field :)
If this is the fastest drive through then I am a rock star.
Wow RU, thank you for the extra $1000 loan.
Wakes up with no power
Why is my life soo exciting!
Tom- "Really? You? Nose around? I'm shocked."
I mean cause I really like me but I don't want to violate some sacred rule of MCM.
Bat Mitzvahs remind me how much I love middle schoolers
Thanks , I didn't want equal to men anyway.
Veggies for breakfast and oatmeal&amp;fruit for lunch! ?
yep, just blame me for something i didnt do cause you're mad
Thanks this is exactly how I wanted to start my vacation!
If Rome was built in a day, just think of all the things you could get done today :D
Are we after Felipe Luis?
Well, this is fun . Ugh.
The dude in these mmus sure does sound enthusiastic
I'm so glad that I fit into a customer ad segment that makes load up my monitor at work with condom ads...
That commercial wasn't racist at all ...
I hope Nick is wearing socks now that he's not wearing a jacket, otherwise he won't get better...
Oh please Eleanor don't be so happy, you're blinding me with your smile. ahahahah
'course these guys wouldn't do anything creepy. Always professional.
Well, the last two teams to score a penalty lost 5-1 and 3-1 , so I guess will win this4-1 or something.
You know what this means Philadelphia!!! Linsanity is headed to Broad Street. WE'RE BACKK BABYY!!!
Shouts out to people with no self control
Lmao what a friend you are...
Or imagine: Dear Elder who has taught me so much - I know you are involved in co-management, but scholar X says you're a sell-out.
But was the most gorgeous houseguest lol
A bunch of wandering the border looking for people to shoot?
I love being on the phone with someone then rudely getting hung up on.
Hey my 2 Day Priority Mail shipment has been missing for 414 days. I'm starting to get worried.
Krystal is so good at acting she can suck my dick now
Just a wonderful day
I wonder if TSN could show Kent Austin a bit more...
Johnny Miller uses the word \"pressure\" every 7 seven words?
I can't have no sensitive gf...any girl that's been with me knows that lol
Waiting to (maybe) get on the flight. At least i can get some reading done.
Wrote a character out too early now I have to go back a couple of chapters and add him in.
So much soccer talk
paid 10$ to sit in a parking lot lol
Wow today has turned into a great day
I'm so comfortable in this train that has NO AIRCONDITIONING.
Not to self; don't visit the barbers during a football tournament...?
I'm so excited to see at warped. Like OMS I can't wait. I love you guys :3 &lt;3
I wish there were some trades and\/or signings today in the NHL, but all is quiet.
How exciting a tie
Gotta love working 3rd shift
Starting my day off real nice.
I lost my followers and had to make a new acc. Thanks twitter(:
Can't wait for Brazil to do that yelling thing to finish their anthem.
for the record, i love when i accidentally send something to the wrong person
World History summer school starts today. Woo! Trying to get some of next year's credit out of the way.
the time you realise bachelorhood is great is that time you see a neighbour's playing with your wife's cat
Good thing it's going to rain in Baton Rouge today, I'd hate for it to drop below 100% humidity when it hits 90 degrees today....
Best mood ever.
patty cake so clever
Must be awesome going nowhere in life and drinking everyday out of sheer boredom
It must have been tough for Megan Washington making all her money whilst someone spoke badly about her stutter. Real tough.
Up at 6:34 havin a blast..
Yay for online summer classes
I hate when new parents ask who the baby looks like... It was born 15 minutes ago, it looks like a potato.
Wetlands inspection tomorrow. Yep, after 2 days of rain.
So the Spurs are playing okay right now...
I'm always so surprised when the braid skytrain station stinks like weed
I find to be quit effective, but not as effective as murder.
Can anyone tell me when grad practices are\/what time the awards are? Our school does a great job of informing their students...
My Internet wasn't working so I turned the modem upside down. Bam! Is now working,
Tweetdeck is down. Great.
I wonder what team the commentators are going for?
Bro at the gym had a sick swastika tatted on his shoulder. I know what I'm getting next.
Refugee's are so out touch with Australia values. The Liberals will show them how they treat desperate people.\n
Church, fashion show, same gist, right? 'sjustanotherSunday
So apparently the devil is guiding me to be evil. Watch out, my horns are growing!
Deep fried bacon for breakfast
Sam Pollino wins The First Annual Pollino Father's Day Ping Pong Tournament.
Hey look it's Drake on the ice with the Kings!!
My co-worker just informed me she won the lottery. I am happy for her. Really.
Don't mind me, I love getting woke up the day before working another 16 hour shift. Half an hour after I fall asleep.
LOVE feeling sick.
Messi ambil gmbr dgn Jew, korg dah tuduh dia sokong Israel.\n\nYg Dr MAZA ambil dgn Yahudi tu? Amacam?\n\n
Well if Bill Simmons likes the Sixers pick then its all good then, im fucking sold.\n
-didn't learn anything
Good to see the local "music papers" reviewing our album. Getting right behind local music. Thanks. Means a lot
Watching and doing laundry... Once again, yey I'm an adult!
Having way too much fun on my Saturday night...
I got all the TSA screenings today.
You're a mom...so why do you still dress like a tramp? Great example, the world needs more idiots like you.
Oh Christchurch how I've missed you
Computer shopping with my sister? Yayyyyyyy
OMG! Yer so brave! Taking a stand on a issue that practically everyone agrees with!!!
This road construction in Lincoln is being done by really smart people. Who completely blocks traffic on a major road this early?
That was a great start to Sumer
I'm not seeing any links to the "Dumb and Dumber 2" trailer, could someone post one?
I'm not able to see Peter Pan and I have a hole in my shirt. This is just a great way start to my day.
OMG CHARLENE OF MONACO IS PREGNANT!!! however this time Albert aven have a legitimate children u.u
It's just a light rain, glad the flowers got watered.
She : Nice Profile Picture !!\nMe : kaam kya hai sidhe sidhe bol aur Ye maska kisi aur laga!! Muze nahi !! :p ;) \n\n
It's , perfect time to start debates on facebook!
Not being able to sleep is great.
I hate when people say sex isnt love, if thats true, why is it cheating if you have sex with someone else? its just sex right
ohhh he's such a big star.. others will wait for him
I just love it when there are crying babies on the bus!!
when the U.S. lost in soccer, I had the same empty sick sad feeling I had in 1988 when scioscia hit that HR off of gooden.
why am i up? i work at 9:15-6:15 :') &lt;3
Be cool, don't favorite all my tweets all at once guys
glad we have ppl like to highlight budget positives, I'm sick of constant whining from poor and disadvntaged
how manyto I have to # to make was two not
No, really brain, thank you for the crippling nightmares that keep me from falling back asleep. I LOOOOOVE them.
Audra?! I wasn't expecting that!!! ;) I love her!
About the name change... I was caught gaming while female again.
Good to see the local \"music papers\" reviewing our album. Getting right behind local music. Thanks. Means a lot
Yes, people chose their skin color. Please, keep making them feel categorized with all the bad people with their skin color. Smart!
Iv got a spirit finger for you :)
Did lebron leave Miami?
Sacred Heart housing is the best!
Lazy idiots watch TV &amp; get gov't $ B/c has 0 to do w/ etc OBVIOUSLY!
I'm jealous of everyone who got to open up their this week!
Suns up in like three hours, I have an exam in eight, I'm boiling hot and I can't sleep.
Cross dressing meth addict, drug dealing Priest... Gee, there's a shocker
Another great nights kip!
Camping is the best, especially when you get rained on!
I think they just turned their music up even louder. This is fun!
France is demoralized. All those shots on goal and nothing to show for it. Honduras has them where they want them.
sure, go off and start telling people shit like that because it's not going to change my opinion of you AT ALL.
Awaiting tweets from aspiring NBA analysts
Finally finished getting all of my paperwork turned in for my new job! :D Now on to working on my demo reel...
going to penalty kicks! No pressure on the host country.
Wow shocker..:: opens with
Thinking of putting on a workshop called called \"Film in motion\" it'll teach film photogs how to shoot moving subjects.
lol You can do it man, Keep it together. Phillipians 4:13
The match now has the intensity of an exhibition game to raise money for flood victims
I love nights when we only say one sentence to each other
. Always .
No way ! ;-)
When a job application asks you to give your "salary requirements for this position".. Wtf, err, 3mil a year please!
Not happy that my has only lasted a couple of 1000 miles best chains ever. Got them on all my bikes. Quality chains
Thanks ever so much for the big brother &amp; made in chelsea updates!
Hill Billy Parties are great..
Just found out is out of the briefcase match tonight. Thanks alot Swagger..
It was plus 39. Shiz was cray cray. Swam with the seals and polar bears. LOL
Soaking wet pagtungtong ng Amang. I love this
Respect to Lebron for actually making his free throws. MAKE YOUR GODDAMN FREE THROWS.
Oh, was there a race going on this weekend? Looking at my FB and timeline I'd never know.
Wow. Good job American public school system.
No broadband being fitted on 16th now, apparently BT thought our house wasn't finished yet, great
Im so fucking lush right now
Hulk. What a player!
How fucking adorable.
The real big repercussion of has to be Jeremy Lin to Philly right?
I really know how to pick guys...
Because of course these movies don't perpetuate the "slut" ideals. Noooo.
I love how the World Cup always guarantees high-scoring action
Ha ha they're so shit and overrated aren't they?
So glad I bought subscription, so I could get daily spam and junk mail every day!
It sucks to work with your friends everyday.
Can't wait to start A2 tomorrow!
Just know that. \n OH, &amp; . =) lol\n
Brona as Frankenstein's new bride. Didn't see that coming. \n
Nothing like being forced to watch Mickey Mouse club house.
I got a 3% raise. Sounds like I deserve a fancy dinner at the Sizzler.
Now I think I might get sick again. Oh the joys of allergies...
So were out of the World Cup oh well what a shame \n
The US, the only power that does it second best
Crazy ass dog that likes to bark + shit ton of fireworks going off? Yeah, tonite was a fun one
Seeing some really good excitements today
Late night watching jerry springer show!!! Hahhah u gotta laugh
So apparently Gary Ablett is injured?
That's gonna look fantastic on our pinstripes!
You screw up then tell everyone else it was my fault! Haha.. awesome.
\"No I'd rather live in a system where I'm sick all the time and slave in misery for a few beans and cold house; then die early.\"
Portugal only need 3 more to go through, plenty of time
I tweaked my back yesterday. I can't figure out how since I literally spend my whole day sitting down. so today should be fun.
Rae: *TOTALLY isn't doing that right now *
Keep the ball. Kalac and Jason your insight is just stunning.
Wow I'm so glad I know what the sky looks like, thank you everyone who posted pictures it truly is amazing
Stellar day so far
Maybe will also hire Jon Sim to help Reasoner. But seriously, Reasoner can be a valuable teacher for prospects.
My team is doing tons of changes today
Went to sleep by myself &amp; woke up by myself
I love when my manager messes with my schedule
Do all older Afrikaans women believe that only trolls like in Cape Town/South Africa. Yeah we bread troll looking girls here.
With the Conference fixtures out tomorrow I imagine we may struggle to sleep tonight with all the excitement.
Nothing better than being stuck inside on a beauty summer day while everyone is out enjoying the sun and summer.
A pony tail mouthpiece beanie and mouthguard. Seems like all necessary gym gear
Being woken up from the sun this early and not being able to fall back asleep has made my morning
Gee whiz! I wonder who's gonna win the stretcher match!
People should leave suarez alone. Rodents have to gnaw to file their teeth down.
I forgot how great goshen stampede is
Man I just fucking love people
well..that sure was a fun morning
Im a nice brother lol
Can't beat being on a zero hour contract
I just LOVE waking up early for teleconferences!
So much passion from the England players during that anthem. Brazil? Pah!
Just love auditions!
This day got better.
sehun sama siapa.. gapapa asal lo bahagia
Oh it's only 5?
School report day........ Neave has just about managed to avoid being grounded again !
I wonder if Howard Webb will make it to the World Cup finals again? He'll do us proud!!
Have to be up in 5 hours and I can't sleep.
cell phone is no longer working. woot woot. not like i needed it or anything.
El hijo del presidente va a Brasil a dejar muy en alto nuestro nombre.
Oh how fun another night of doing nothing
A3: By teaching the same book you used last year because it's your favorite
My is allergic reaction to your stupidity !
How awks is it when you're the only one not invited to the best party of the year? Lol jks
McD asks the crew if they are chilly bc it's cold in the car. Also wishes it was more humid it's a little dry for his taste.
Thanks for making the translations on the German UNIT 3 so easy :)
Great to see Brazil give everything for their fallen brother neymar!
divorced parents are great
I've had a fun-filled day of family forcing me to drive places!
In Cornwall and in Gower I get better broadband speeds than I do in Old Town, Swindon. Thanks
6 deliveries at the same time. Great day...
Probably my favourite Saturday on record. Thank you surgery and ER exams, for a wonderful 5 hours.
I love coming home from work and stacking the dishwasher
Divorced couples that aren't actually divorced are my favourite
I love when people say thank you.
Yay for finally coming up with a topic for my paper.. The hard part is truly over.
All these texts I'm receiving&gt;
Stayed after school for three hours and my grade is an 89. Thank you English for letting me have one more day of junior year.
Nothing better than bros screaming and singing obnoxiously to the songs at the gym...
Thanks for being considerate. I can tell you really care.
oh good, that assassin found me
Slow Go, for TWELVE coins? Such a good deal! I'll take it!
Mother nature welcomes me back to school with an earthquake, how beautiful.
Recruiting violations at Florida.. wellll that's a first!
This day couldn't get any better
the fault in our stars didnt make me cry, pfft
Sure. There's nothing I would like more than to go into work three hours early.
Is Jacosta still in the game, like I have never heard her talk game once
Campers are what make fun to play. Long live campers!
I'm too excited for all the pictures of the dark sky that's gonna be posted..
I deserve so much and I get absolutely nothing. Perks of not being a spoiled fucking brat.
you know a lot about 5sos, i bet you're just the big fan you said you were
Thanks Frieri! We love how you give up games/wins in the 9th inning, you're the best.
Aww that's so nice, i wanna kick your face.
godamn you samsung!!!!!! cant a person tweet,vibe,facebook,yahoo and browse without the phone freezing?!
Driving today with a cheesy ass grin I guess my 4th of July was freaking fantastic
Damn goalie you got skill
$SPY $IWM indexes are just the epitome of volatility since 10:00
Pemain portugal tinggal brp orang sih? 10? Oh kirain tinggal Nani sama Ronaldo doang..
Nice attempt at a block, Burris!
I love finding out big family news on facebook. Makes me feel like the poster child of the modern age.
Awesome the only two sports that are on are tennis and soccer... So exciting
NASCAR didn't throw a debris caution because they didn't want to see JJ lose the race. That would've hurt the sport.
1500 calorie diets- because a whole grapefruit is so much better than a sausage mcmuffin. It IS getting easier to say \"no\"!
I love working until 3a and waking up at 730.
Man, Apple just really hates people, doesn't it? Oh, but isn't it *purdy*?
Oh n it's my birthday today, hooray 1 more year older, yay
Oh hey, Shushing Lady is here! Quick, everybody call my phone!
I love how I'm invited to all the fun times drinking my "friends" have.
there's nothing cuter than sobbing through whatever remains of your show makeup
But no one to love this time.. Yeah i love this moment :-)
We've started this half really, really well...
I love how math went from having a bit of graphing in data management to being mostly graphing with a bit of everything else
So... Go ! Beat !
This chick has got a "666" tattoo. Can anyone say badass?
Thank you Home Depot for the great help
Oh hey, Now the yankees are actually hitting. Thanks for not doing it yesterday when i was at the game!!!
.it's good you got it all figured out. see ya! no time for lunatic conspiracy theorist Islamic terrorist supporters!
I love working with people that have never been in an actual life/death situation, especially when they are in 'senior' positions
Rumer looks soooo excited to be there....
Schlitter is looking really sharp so far.
I live this way because i can't wait to be 100 lbs
Can't wait for ...Ke$ha, Luda, AND Brad Paisley...That's a MUST SEE
Me "Didn't like her post? I guess you showed her."
Thad Cochran, biggest porker in the Senate. MS, ranked 50\/50 in most state rankings. Clearly throwing $$ works.
CLEARLY I don't love enough because I'm not talking about how much I miss him/how amazing he is on social media.
Two days off between NBA Finals games? Lebron's cramps must have been pretty serious
You know you're in a huge airport when there's a tractor displayed in the lobby.
Yay we got more frozen crap
JEEZ, all this FEMINIST RANTING is EXHAUSTING
Vanek to Wild. What a surprise....
Good job Jazz.
Well, Miami Heat tickets will now be easier to get.
Thanks for the SMS abuse. Feel free to spam everyone, that'll convince people to pay for sure!
Just finished belting legally blonde and mum clapped
It's good to be number one
7 subjects that took us two semesters to study in less than two weeks. hahahaha. winner!!!!!
\"These clues are just rubbish! I'm more than ready! If you'd just give me the answer I'd have solved it already!\"
Do we know yet what had for lunch or how long the lunch actually took? I'm just so fascinated with this shit...
Usama thinks Chille is not part of South Ameria. Poor boy must have been looking at page 3 spread while Geography class.
See if Comcast can find my house today because we all know it is so hard to find!
The boy from fault in our stars dies. I totally didn't see that coming. .
the birds decided to start their chirping shortly after midnight... just great...
Wow. Could today get any better?
Sweet thunderstorm during our outting!
First class taken in the Navy and its all about drugs and alcohol...how fitting.
The rain is coming down. I am wet. I am burned. I am exhausted. This was suppose to be fun, not an episode of Man vs Nature.
maar verder voel ik me helemaal super
Shoutout to my thought-processing abilities rn. at 4am.
Dissapointing day at the . shit the bed, is over at the half and a great game ahead.
FINALLY! Some rain!
Wow I have really great social skills.
should change their name to Obama. That wouldn't offend anyone
so ready for camp for 2 weeks !!!
I've come to the conclusion that my texts just aren't sending and they aren't ignoring me.
Do I have to be the dick that reminds everyone that LAST NIGHT was the ? It's only 95% full, okay, OKAY! .
That moment your phone replaces the time with the person you "love"
Gosh I just don't know if &amp; have enough experience.....
I never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if I have to leave them alone in order to do it
Women, if we can see your skin, it's a sexual provocation. Don't you know you're just walking blow-up dolls?
So glad I rushed to be on time to meet this super and turn in keys.
The diet tips I can learn from and apply that I hear at work are the best... Lol
I love when I sweat so much on my back!
\": I'm glad everyone on my news feed are professional soccer announcers. \" lol
Oh, I wonder what devin is talking about. Its defiantly isnt his daughter...
Oh, great... Lil Wayne on . This interview will be riveting.
Driving in Mumbai traffic is fun. Once you ate trapped all you use is your legs. No maneuvering of steering needed. .
You showed me what a great friend you are
I just love it when I wake up at 3:49am and am wide awake unable to fall back asleep
Justin Bieber is too good to be at the MMVA's
Feelin pretty special today since I've been in like three tbt.
It seems like it was just yesterday when Summer 2k13 started
I love having a sprained ankle.
James Brown to Young Money. Back to James Brown... Because that was well thought out.
yes let's because the mother is the only thing needed to make a child and bring it into this world.
Bc the goal behind bein rich isnt greed, jus to create wealth...hoard it...keep it to urself...i kno lots of kind rich folk...
I mean PSY and Snoop Dogg can do better but this song was so forced like they really tried to make something American"." God rly?
I bet I am the only person in the world momentarily switching from CFL halftime to Stanley Cup final
Fun night in work.......
Okay..? Thanks for the HUGE effort you put though. Haha
You're so cool bruh!
is about to leave Pittsburgh for Minneapolis with a stop over in DC. Super friendly attendant already.
The umps are awesome today.
The officiating in this game though&gt;&gt;&gt;
Hard to imagine the dedicated Miami Heat fans jumping ship after the LeBron news...
Court today! Yay!
Nicely done, Brazil! We're all very proud of your determination and your effort...LOL!
i've got \n\nand \naren't i lucky?\n
JUST GIVE THE DUCKS THE DAMMED CUP FOR 2015 SINCE EVERYONE THINKS THEY JUST WON IT
Brazil vs Texas let's go!!!
Don't miss the .
Two members of the majority alliance won HOH. How exciting!
Why does retail have to be so fun!
I really enjoy watching things I helped build fall apart.
6 am trainings are amazing!
Don't worry about your freedoms people, at least cocaine and booze are still cheap!
Guess we'll have to do another trip to California. Oh, the horror!
Yeah you can tell someone is reckless when their wearing a reckless tank ..
My ONYEN password expiring in the middle of the summer is just my favorite thing ever.
I love input from others. I love knowing everyone's opinions and complaints.
Wow look how gritty Dustin Pedroia is the ball got stuck in his glove
And she go to Drake college. You shouldn't be on the bus, you should have you a Benz by now lol.
Can't believe how charismatic Phil Neville is!!!
Well that's a good way to start my morning
3's phone signal is just fantastic, it really is.
The 'throwing stuff in a tantrum' phase is good fun isn't it!
come on Giroud show that grey haired donkey how to score a real header.
England's out of the world cup? What a shocker... How can you invent the sport and suck that bad doe?
So glad Facebook notified me that my "friends" are engaged. Like I really care facebook.
I think it's safe to say did a wonderful job by leaving Carrick behind. Just lovely
Most people chill during their break time, I do homework... Nothings better than writing an essay at 2 in morning!
Israeli military says Gazan family killed by air strike had been warned. Well, on behalf of the Kaware family, thank you Israel.
Gelukkig begint de volgende wedstrijd een uur later, het oeverloze ge-oh kan mij niet lang genoeg duren. ?
Sometimes it's better to shut up, be an ant, and agree with everything
I'm sure if brazil had neymar they'd be winning right now
Hello allergies. How I've missed you over that long winter. I notice you've arrived promptly on schedule
facetime comes in so useful when i'm in bed because i don't have to move when my parents want to talk
I thought I understood what was happening with this twitter drama until about 5 minutes ago ? ?
pffft! I am arguing with King Khan...who I am that I do that?! pfttt!
chuck noll passing away at 82, such a shock
So I guess blocks its most active users for no reason with no explanation... Sounds like a good business plan
I love when people get my jokes
Magic meeting before work. I just love those !
Politics in FIFA? The refs? You don't say? I am deeply surprised!
Whoo! Ang unti ng pinapagawa niyo, dagdagan niyo pa. T_T
No way...a hockey player raised in south Philly has some off ice and anger issues? Count me surprised
Got here at 8.30 not called until 10, looks like I have no choice but to go sit in cafe Nero. Oh the shame.
It's nice knowing that SCOTUS is not an activist court.
You got to love pulling a stent out of your own body.
i bet the announcer feels like an asshole
School ball is fantastic!!!
I wish my love letter emails to my ex-wife's sister could have been \"lost\" in a computer crash before the divorce
Giroud's on now France are gonna be fine now
So glad I cam to Cali for this.
So I see Tweetdeck has things completely under control.
Oh, and I can't take any more today because I'll be busy tonight and tomorrow.
Sending death threats to people with big families on benefits...I mean really?? Why don't we just lynch them?
Me:I know honey but I aint a doc dear!
I guess no on twitter tonight, I wonder why?
26 fucking kids all on benefits. Yeah sure I'll support you with my wages...
Spent the day cleaning Heidelbergs. Glad I spent all that money on my useless college diplomas
15-4?? The Royals are really playing like they could win the Central.
3 hours without a signing, fuck sake Luton
Is any one else thinking of going to bed? Come on
Love Colonial Williamsburg's new ad highlighting the fun colonials had in convicting witches. History is so silly.
When you drop your phone on the screen and it doesn't looked cracked then an hour later you find out it actually is&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; life
Heard had a omelette for breakfast today...must be signing with the
Wait...Kyle won?? wow so didn't see that one coming!
It's a beautiful day to leave me alone.
Marotta inflated Sassuolo's half of Berardi up to 15 million without having the player stay with us. Why are Juventini complaining?
\"Hope I die before I get old\" is now a mute point..|
It's sooo fun when your 9 year old acts like a moody 16 year old
You wear that shirt a lot
Police arrest man for hacking, tracking ex-girlfriend
Man I wish we would get some more rain
Being forced to listen to Radio 6 Music... Some serious tunes on this station!
Ok every other sport your playoff is better
I litterally take the fault for everything that happens, but I forgot youre just so perfect.
What a great baseball game.
Good think we brought Juian Green!
HIlarious! Does the 'Snapchat for Flowers' Know What Snapchat Actually Is?
Chicharito is coming in guys, this means we are going to win!!!
I smell comeback
Great start to vacation
I especially love when teams play shit football, cheat and win. This is what makes football so fucking awesome.
Never good enough is always a good feeling.
Hahahahaha fuck me now Rooneys playing too central our pundits &amp; media are pathetic
Don't let facts get in the way of a good argument.
Wow s/o to for the help. So glad she texted back...
Joe Hart has really earned his corn tonight. \n\n
Yay for that ruining my night
some big boys!!
I just LOVE when people wake me up early in the morning because they sen me a text and I reply and they don't text me back!!!!!!!!!
Thanks Xbox. I knew I could get some useful information out of your Twitter Support system.
I just saw a commercial for a new reality TV show called "Dating Naked." Uh....go America?
Figuring out that you're missing courses in order to take courses you need....
I love day shifts because that means soap operas on lunch
I ve used to get cheap laughs on social networking sites
In case you forgot: Americuhhh
I hope the is evident in my retweets today. Twitters kinda hard to convey .
I fear our only hope may be that, as school shootings become the norm, they are less attractive to crazy people. Thanks Congress.
Well done for making a kettle that boils with the lid open and then doesn't stop until you turn it off.
You cant eat carbs there evil..but drinking alcohol..yeah thats fine.
Alito's leaning against the Unions
6a in Dallas traffic is just the way I hoped to start my 3day weekend.
Given that the D of I uses the phrase \"merciless Indian savages\", maybe the Redskins should change their name to that?
Ah man, I missed widnes' answer to the best music festival again. Another year goes by that I don't go to Glastonferry...gutted
Oh joy. \nOne of my friends has recently got a cat and now she's doing noting but sharing cat memes on Facebook.\n
If Toni Kroos is moving to real madrid, definitely cherry on top to complete my world cup agony
Fact Its infuriates me to know that I am wrong when I know that I am right
Our small business health ins rates have grown 20-40% each year, why not an additional 5.9% on top of that. Go for it
Apparently Dumas, AR is my hometown... Thanks family..
My hope is that have stocked up on enough to last a couple more weeks.
Thank you Chris Anderson and Mario Chalmers for all of your contributions in tonight's game.
C'mon , I was pulling for the underdog to scoop you up. You really let down Milwaukee and Wisconsin!
People know so much about basketball when the finals roll around.
Should have put the in my tweet.
Thanks Ernesto Frieri
And that, ladies and gentlemen is why Inter want Behrami...wait what do you mean he's not French
electro sign states 'Today is Independence Day, Support local shops' - has England left the UK now !!
You do what you gotta do to get the paper to press on time... even if that means working late.
Amazed that the women on The View were unable to comprehend why Eric Cantor lost!
Also, hooray. A cup driver wins again at a Nationwide race.
Who say that goal coming?
Instead of tomorrow being my day off, I get the luxury of waking up at 3am and covering a shift. Yay how exciting.!
Guys we did it! They said it couldn't be done but we proved em wrong. 100 followers
I love how people just use my shit without asking
Yah cause you always snapchat Me
What do you mean the guy who's played one good game this year is being investigated?! I really hope he doesn't lose his spot
I think Brazil's gonna take this one.
Good times and good food
.The doesn't have a network server that is backed up daily? Guess everyone's returns got lost, too!
thanks for the heads up that our train to CC is over 10 minutes late
Wooh! My wisdom teeth are coming in! Yay!
I am invited so many places
Lawro's commentary, \"warm up Fred, you're coming off\".
My team mates are true team mates
Lee's Korea goal was just too strong and powerful for Akinfeev. Not Akinfeev's fault.
I swear my mom is the least emotionally supportive person ever! Like thanks for making me feel better mom
Today's gonna be awesome let me tell you.
Isn't it so nice when you're on a train and then it randomly decides to start being a train for the Manhattan stops? SO NICE.
Lately I've been finding out who is nothing but a 2 faced fuck or a lying sack of shit. It's wonderful!
Just did a google search for inflation adjusted cost of building Statue of Liberty. About Rs. 250 Crore. See? We are cheaper
Being a suburban parallel parked in between two pickups sure makes it easy to get out
Wow, must have psychic workers! Call to see if there's a fault + without giving any details I'm told none! Gr8 service there
Student engineer janganlah sentap.angpa da blja macam2 skill.xkan bagi ayat sikit da sentap.hmm..
I feel so loved tonight. .
I love it when people talk about Mormons but have never been. It's like me runnin around sayin yo bein a stoner must suck
and the fail to score. I am shocked, completely and utterly shocked.
Here comes the gammy eye!
didn't refuse to stand up at City Council mtg. He was suffering leg cramps from lifting weights. Right, Doug?
Eku orire ": France all the way...."
I was frustrated at the remote tonight and my thirteen year old says "use your words, use your words".
Bite an opposing player in the World Cup, get sent to a better team. That's seems fair doesn't it, ?
This is 500+ pitch and looking at the class of Indian bowler I see it rarely possible
Yeah!Forget it!That's not gonna happen!
nogga this, hoe that. glad everyone is so lyrical in their raps
I can't wait for all the pumpkin beers on shelves in the next couple weeks.
Don't you just love it when you know what's going on.
I'm a hair expert
Well this is great
There is a great need for font. \n
RESEARCH: Obvious Point.
I'm really glad that we took an out-and-out striker in Rickie Lambert; glad that Hodgson has utilised him properly
When I date someone, I think long term. What's the point of dating someone if you only want them temporarily?
my life is so fucking awesome.
This man is chit chatting me about how I will meet the top softball players in the US today.
Cant sleep again. What a surprise -_-
Sleeping on the ground of the airport is great guys
1 point and 2 goalsgoals in 3 group games! Hodgson definitely deserves to keep his job!!
hearing my mom and her bf whisper in code...I have NO idea what they could be talking about
It's really too bad can't play the guitar very well...
Expressing my pride and independence by wearing absolutely no red, white, or blue tonight.
One of my favorite parts of being a nurse...ALL of my patients asking if I'm married and\/or have kids.
No pressure on the goalkeepers whatsoever right now
I feel as though I need to say \"\" after most things I say so people know I'm not serious
left runners in scoring position? No way that comes back to bite us in the ass.
Lesson I learned after having a LDR. Don't be in one. lol
CS:GO players make the most out of voice chat, opting for racial slurs and vivid details of poop rather than teamwork
Miami international should make their walks from the gate to the customs gate a little longer........
Yeah that game was no rigged at all . come to
I like to live dangerously and am getting crazy today. I am going without a case on my phone again.
Menschen, die im Plusquamperfekt geredet hatten, hatten mich sehr abgeguckt gehabt.
Happy fathers day to me.
Best thing about summer: needing a shower 10 minutes after taking one.
People are hilarious- quote
Hooked on Trout", hm..must have taken you a while to think of that one" Hahahaha gawd I love Ray Fosse!
I'm glad the have good umpires.
The Philippines being neocolonized by Americans should celebrate and greet Filipinos and Americans alike a Happy Independence Day!
This match is thrilling.
has a daughter?! Noooooo! You don't say....
Love how naturally Finish and Napisan were slotted into
Ya know, with my having no friends or life because I'm a fat lazy feminazi who hates men and blames society for my crappy life.
What the! A Halo game announced at ! Shocked .
i love when guys pretend to care about me because they know I have screen shots that could ruin their lives
Kevin Kilbane as co-commentator? Top quality choose there BBC
I seriously love when you text me in the morning those cute text. ..
There is no one in my suite. Something must be happening.
Ironic how he hates the Zelda series overall but then calls people wrong and stupid" for not enjoying Zelda II as much."
I predict this will end so well MT No good news expected regarding kidnapping of 3 teenagers; Cabinet to meet at 8
Did you see the latest Rolling Stone? OMG. Jack White is fully dressed.
you definitely love each other, I can hear the wedding bells ringing!
A battle Royal to determine the new IC champion really? How original.
snapchats are soooo amazing like omg
I'm having a blast and getting really really turnt with all my friends at the moment!!!
Business down hai, Loan lene se acha Dahej lena hai
A hospital trip is a fab way to finish off a holiday
7 hours of sleep
Me: Yes sir, but its also the funniest.
Remember kids, when you can't be funny be . I'm being .
Nothing like a children's party after a night out, just what I needed.
isn't today just peachy.
Gotta love ties....
This is a truly enlightening media session from Benning lol!!
\": Suarez, Ghanaians love u. \"
Optimal outside time appears to be 5am. What a fun season summer is.
It's almost like it pays to not know your assailant's identity
A lot of people are out partying or enjoying being at the beach, but I'm just sitting here eating potato chips.
Selamat siang para pendukung capres tetangga. Nazi bungkus nya uda siap di meja belakang.. Jangan berebut.
Has goal line technology eliminated the controversy?
Nog net 6 toetse om te gaan... Niks ernstigs niie :|
Wow. Oblivion is one of the one day sale games today? good job
Don't end your life... Its a sin.\nLet someone else do it... Its there's to keep.
imminent in the coming weeks. Hooray for surgery! The left side of my nose has forsaken me........
I don't know how every one knows I love it when they don't answer my fucking texts
You seem smart
That's some top notch police work right there
Face the Nation always picks great Republican representation.....
Walked for almost an hour trying to find 4th hole. Had to pee, what a marvelous night...
If you use to point out your then you definitely don't need to work on your . You've nailed it!
Oh, thank god. My insurance now covers infant circumcision.
Everyone in LA is really fat and ugly.
Forgot what an absolute pleasure it is to travel with "we're sorry to note that..." Note what? That you're shit?
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. is extremely healthy for the mind.
Had an incoming email start "Mr. Fullhart." I signed my return email, "Mrs. Sunny Fullhart." Totally not .
There's been some classics from since they beat .
I snapchat you because I don't want you to snapchat me back
And, I'm out of ...PERFECT!
What a surprise, Di Maria loses another ball
\": Well this day just keeps getting better and better. \"
Thank you time hop for reminding me what happened a year ago at this time.
Let the create a dirty atmosphere!
You are such a sweet person.
I love arguing with people as soon as I wake up!
Turkish Presidency candidate Ihsanoglu longs for the Ottoman days. Just what the mideast needed ()
81 people killed in .. But the most important thing is that is playing the final..
That's the draw all done folks, hope you got who you wanted. I know I did
That was really encouraging. I wish I could deal with this every second of every day . Oh wait I do .
Drinking water then just throwing it up is awesome!!!
I wish my could fit in my tweets. I'd have so many more followers.
Oh, whats that, down 25%, but... but... I thought... it would never go down...
Legasi Kongsi Gelap Melayu dah kena ban.
Love how my mom treats me
My morning is going fun
This whole mess has been awesome for my self esteem
This property development game is a right laugh!
I love spending 15 min redoing someone's cost spreadsheet because they were too lazy to include the 38 cents.
England look good
THAT'S SO SURPRISING. OMG WHAT IF CARMELO GOES TO THE KNICKS?
Yay dentist appointment.
Quality AB right there....
Urijah faber shakes joe silva's hand like "nice matchmaking little man" lol
I love being made to feel small by someone who's meant to actually give a shit about me.
Can't remember the last time I had a day off so great!!!!!!!
Ottawa Senators, brought to you by Scrooge ! Thanks Eugene ! There is also snooker and darts!
Is it true Iran eases key demands in nuclear talks, in exchange of US protection against ISIS?
Woke up just in time for the fucking monsoon, hooray.
The U.S. scores 30 sec into the match..... stilllll waiting
Man, I want the possibility to retweet my own tweets and at the same time, follow myself so I can see interesting tweets.
Mullers gonna for a third that sick sick man cuz portugals gonna get their shit together in this half
Way to be positive.
Thank you brain for dreaming about what I know I want but can't have. I love waking up only to realize it was a dream.
Only thing I've done all summer is go to conditioning...
I'm that one friend with the hot friends.
I love how media has taught us to hate ourselves, be racist to ourselves, and enjoy it.
Passport photos are so flattering
should tone down the
Awh now you showing off how cute
and I live in and together :\/
Starting school in a week! Yaaaaaaaay.
Don't everyone talk to me at once.
\"Dapat tumakbo kang Mayor.\" FTW! Hahahaha.
Yes. I love sitting here staring at the negative amounts of people coming to look at their photos. Waiting for trips is my favorite
we get to see Genie speak again, hooray. .
Which soccer teams are playing today?
Forward planning rocks
Ay it's July be good to me July.
Well THAT was fun.
Thanks to for approving the Northern Gateway and having no qualms about destroying the Earth
Summer 2014 woo so much fun!
Cause guys are so perfect RT \"If girls personalities were more like guys then life would be so much simpler.\"
love being nice to rude people.
Wow, life just keeps getting better!
3-1 rangers lead oh right mariners offense are great! at Safeco
Well don't I feel fantastic
Didn't realise I was only contactable via email
Nice relaxing Sunday night ahead of me...
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i guess that make's all of his Rhetoric ..."Tolerable"/"Acceptable" ..
I'm glad marriage brings out the fucking best in people! What a treat!
Everyone knows my love for hurdles
pretty pumped that Outlook is re-downloading all my emails this evening. makes it really easy to stay organized and get work done!
Man tell me why I give 2 fucks
Nigeria will win the world cup hands\ndown.
Mah life's not hard, nah.
I just wish once someone would call me "Sir" without adding, "Youre making a scene."
Really not feeling well, and I get to work my least favorite shift tomorrow.
Let others rest in peace.! :P
Here's an idea just tell us when we ARENT in warnings, be less work!
Just got invited to A Night Storm Dance Party on FB. I'm not a freshman in high school anymore, but I think I'm going to go.
\"What's he got that I don't!\" \"You want it alphabetically?\"
I sure wish the wind would blow here in Elko, NV!
Great Daniel Norris tanks it tonight so there goes his trade value
He's only the mayor he doesn't need to answer questions
I feel so good.. Yay night
out of the what a shame
Glad I get to work 1 to 8 today
Thanks BBC. I feel sorry for the Germans not winning anything since 1996.
Yay now I can start patronizing people who prefer DSLRs
Why can't someone love me like that lmao
My work schedule works out perfectly so I cant ever do shit.
NEW VIDEO: Things People Have To Deal With.
Today has been a great day
Song number 3 is officially written!
Love being at home with nothing to do, its good fun
Well today keeps getting better and better.
OMG Andrew Luck ran out on the track?! RT ": CAUTION.... Luck ran out. "
Just love it when I'm on my phone lying in bed and it falls right on my face.
I do understand I can be a lot to handle sometimes lol
I'm sure if I was at the game they would've won
Nice to see the VA General Assembly coming together in bipartisan agreement on an issue that truly matters: football team names.
Thanks mom, i knew i was a lazy ass but just thanks!
I can't wait until some of my friends put a profile pic of them with their father.
Sangakkara passed 50 for a third successive inning, but he can't play in England of course.
So my boss has an Aston Martin db9 for the day. Not jealous in the slightest like...
Hmmm must be nice lmao
Wow. Nina can walk. She's batshit crazy. I didn't see either one of those things coming at all.
That was the closest FIFA match ever...
Wow I hate takin off work on monday..
I wasn't even done celebrating Netherlands goal when Aussie scores. Thanks Tim Cahill
Oh I LOVE how fucking childish my dad can be at times
Am I the only one not excited about the kids being done school tomorrow? They'll be home all day every day
hey thanks for following me back on vine
So gdam ah sa kasweet akn na pinila ako. Lmao. Mi-slah! Kawto ki-kub ako bdn sa a'e
But soccer is boring.
I'm sure HBK was flattered!
is an awesome show; But 's and is based off rape! But, its different bx he loves her, right?
I love when you ignore, please don't stop.
Can't call out bad play RT : ok bud. You're right he sucks totally was a liability the whole World Cup
I'm eating sushi with chopsticks so I'm OBVIOUSLY super cultured.
Injections and tablets. What a wicked way to start the day.
Josh McRoberts! Wow, there's the replacement for Bosh...
I love these totally non biased decision going in favour of Brazil
... of the Chinese.
I feel fear!
This is gonna be a cracking match...
Because looks are the only thing that matters, right?
Oh no this isn't creepy at all...
That Guy: why are all the USA fans holding 'we believe' posters? Me: they're trying to wish Tinkerbelle back.
Opinions don't matter to me\nIf I need yours I'll ask for it \n
get Brandon McCarthy...World Series here they come
Rooney hit the cross bar for 300k drop him ! \n\n
I will patiently wait for Season 2
Well that makes me feel fucking fantastic...
How would I be able to keep up with all the exciting World Cup news if every single person didn't tweet about it?!?!
At least it's better to be gay then to be a woman in most states. You should be happy about that
Man, the MLS is sure hurting Cahill's quality.
THANKS FOR THE CLIFFHANGER.
Flight delays and missing connections are my favorite
BREAKING; cheap owners of hire unproven coach for next to nothing. Gonna be a great season
Wow I would have never known it was hailing if it wasn't for all the snapchats.
I sure know how to pick em!
Looks like a night in....
Let's make players run with their hands behind their back in football. Yeah... That's a good idea.
U know its a great feeling when u find out one of your best friends is moving almost 3,000 miles away
So couple of hours work/distraction and it sets in again can't wait for the drive home when my mind wanders again
tunggu ulasan bro SS.\": Polis wanita lebih \"terlatih\" \"
Being sent to a foot doctor. He wants to put a boot on my foot. Yay!
I love going to sleep in a bad mood.
At some point in my life "That's cute" became an acceptable response to everything
\"we've seen these two go at it in Total Divas\" - yeah because thats the honest reality show on TV
I am wide awake &amp; can't go back to sleep. This is just fantastic
Got 1 problem but it feels like 99 because nagios won't shut up about it
Oh the joys of being a \"3rd yr\" med student. Starting Surgery Clerkship tomorrow! And I have first call. Woohoo.
Upset by the fact that there is no taco emoji. It's the end of the world. \n\nobviously.
I love it when my mom is a cranky bitch.
I just love being the friend that gets left out of everything :/
Another full day of moving ahead, but it is going to be so worth it for the total of 3 weeks a year I am home
I just love family trips
I love how will never notice me... :'\/
My job??? Ohhhh..... it is to look good
Missing the bus by one minute=great way to start day.
Aww their daddy has a cute little picture of them.
Looove all the help I got getting My party ready....
You really surprised us there. NO ONE saw that coming.
This day went fantastic
Feel bad for Ronaldo, world beater but his team is crap. Like Gareth Bale, George Best, Keith Gillespie.......!
