I can't believe how exciting business and personal tax is here ! It's a good thing I got plenty of rest last night!
People who dont understand are or too !
AND caught stealing?! he's a bum RT Yeah but GIDP and caught stealing. He's not ready yet.
I wish I could paint...
It's a great feeling when you swallow your pride to ask for help and then get yelled at
Season's over. Get rid of everyone. Start over.
Brian Roberts. Another great signing
There is so much WOO in Wooster right now
So glad I came back to anchorage to sit at home...
If anyone tries to text me tonight and I don't reply it's because I have no signal at my moms... &amp;T
If you squint, GER look like ENG, except for the fact that GER recovers better.
It has been lobbied4 before:England. Vibrant socialist future
No ma okay, che bel periodo :))
personally I don't like Sanchez at arsenal.
\"Dude talking about food is like porn for your stomach\"\nNot a high thought at all
I'm so happy \n
Shouts to the guy calling his son a "pussy" for not washing his hands in hot water
That'll be sooo much more interesting. Plain Jane.
TIME TO GET UP YAY
What a good way to start the the week
I love how my friends appreciate me for telling them happy father's day. -_-
Oh yeah, can't foresee ANYTHING going horribly wrong with a sparkler shaped like a giant sword...
Hey look! Another commercial haha who woulda think that!?
So who does Campbell play for?
When ye take messi out barca team ye can see he is best in world
PBB, such a joke!!!! Taking out was the last straw. Good luck to your future episodes
So nice of a 10lb toy schnauzer to make u feel like a complete nimrod
Timberwolves draft: LaVine, Robinson III, Brown, and Gentile.
Don't expect a 'bless you' after the fifth sneeze, get it under control.
Imma love watching the destruction of the Heat this offseason by all the national media
'God help me, I cheated!' (2/2)
Cuz I know that is just going to be the most positive conversation ever. why even get involved
.there was a smarter solution and she didn't know about it. glad I figured it out myself though. thanks for your help
Wow, you don't hide things in the most obvious places, do you?
Fuck Liam Williams is good..
Looks like I'm gonna have to get hype about soccer
Because just remember, others know more about you than you do
Thank you twitter for telling me I had a message
Who is this Lebron James that everybody is speaking of? I feel like he is somebody important...
Ok, BTU is fine but every1 knows how much I love Streetlights @ least sub it now &amp; again for another Ritual track.
Its gonna be really tough to pick a man of the match for this game.
Let me just wear turtlenecks &amp; church skirts &amp; Keds everyday. Don't want to look good &amp; get raped.
Can't fault the referees this World Cup.....
? Moi? Fun and interesting article in (14 June 2014) on by Tiffany O'Callaghan. Relevant to Twitter.
I love taking trains home with broken AC and it's 85 outside. Being sweaty on these gross leather seats is wonderful
Love seeing people I know in public when I look like shit !
Oh no, don't worry I don't care if I'm your second choice.
I love writing papers! Psyche!
Ever get so bored, you tweet a bunch of nonsense? Yeah, neither do I. My life is way too exciting for that.
Oh very classy.
wooow golf na Frostbite 3 ... yaaaaay
Well ladies, I hope you learned your lesson about having vaginas.
I love it when I worry about things!
Niall and I were watching the same football game it must be fate
To whoever used the last of the bread and didn't get the new loaf out of the freezer: Thanks a lot.
Nak sedekah kena ambil gambar sambil tersengih-sengih, masuk akhbar...tak sengih kurang pahala..\n
your number was 'unreachable'.. did you forget it was a mobile phone?
Funny...really funny...like hahahaha funny...(-_-)
So, I'm taking chemistry with Frank Baker Dean. Soooooooo excited.
If the softball field gets flooded with rain tonight looks like we can't have practice tomorrow..I was looking forward to practice!
You know what's fun? When your email decides half the blogs you subscribe to are spam.
Wala na yata ulet. Saya. &lt;3
I love when your iPhone decides to wipe out all of your information. It's so great.
Maybe he prefers Sams Choice sodas....... maybe he also hates freedom.
Ignore ur problems because clearly that's how you've gotten so fucking far in life
Working Saturday is the bestest!
\"100 jewels on fur, 100 jewels on teeth\"
Awwww man, the eye patch is gone....THIS OFFICIALLY SUCKS!!!
Howard Webb is just too good... Like wow, no one is never been this good.
Any chance of bringing out the vuvuzelas for ? I think my ears only stopped ringing 2 days ago
I'm not sure what's wrong... But it's probably your fault!
To the PT job
Great customer service aswell. Very helpful. So good at getting back to you!
what a nice park.. I don't even know what I expected
Good job, Holliday!
Steve Downie will lead the Pens to the cup!!!
Man, I'll tell U, that Kevin Hart is just too damned funny.
wow, the internet is working today, thank you so much charter!
Having a conversation with yourself when people are ignoring you. :D
\": Enak jomblo ketimbang digantungin terus v'-'v\"
I love sunday not because its holiday, because its only day on which serials are off on TV.\n
Luke Bryan was in Pittsburgh?? I don't believe you. Tweet about it some more, I've only seen like 100 tweets so far!
Whats doing on ? He's grown his I see! .
CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES CMON'!
College guys who talk to high school girls are the coolest guys ever
It's all smiles &amp; laughter here this morn...... \n\n
Mother and I love it when people are ignorant pigs
Instead I'm talking to incoming freshman and their parents about meal plans
I love waiting
Hey Bombers, "is 13 your favorite number", "how about that 13th man", "cant you count"??.. I'm done now.
What a great night
Donovan would've scored 3 by now.
Tuned into the late today and was glad to see I didn't miss the Lebron/Basketball/Soccer discussion.
I've always thought the six run lead the hardest to maintain
Lol RT : How did know that I was hoping he'd remix 's "Fancy"? Amazing...
Ehi, siamo ancora secondi...Negli ottavi sarebbe la Colombia, squadra pavida e lenta. \n
I just love church league softball so much
Llevo una semana con mi instagram y ya tengo un follower dosconocido :') soy tan crack
Poor old Rebekah. Must be awful losing your job at News International with only millions in the bank.
Packing is fun
In last day 8 people have posted a picture of me on Instagram. I'm kinda a big deal.
Wow, since Tom Ross won the invi on Sunday, Boss sligh has gone up to a whopping $50
Just closed a door on my toe
where is my babe at ? tell him im looking for him with a flashlight . -_-
So glad appreciated the text and picture I sent him.
You know your health is totes great when the Dr uses the phrase 'quality of life'
Any chance Lawrence Frank will join Jason Kidd in Milwaukee?
Welcome back, humid rainy day. You just can't leave me alone, can you?
Well, I just watched Dogtooth. Thanks for the earning, Peter. :/
Someone should tell the soccer officials the clock is going the wrong way.
Lupe satu lagi hashtag td
Mmmm I sure do live a big bowl of negativity in the morning!
Can't wait for the BBC love fest to begin. .
Godin should be off. Clear and simple. They should have 10 men but shocker that a ref has fucked us again.
My job is wonderful.
The best part of this book is that I don't keep track of what chapter I'm on so pretty sure this has 10,000 ch14 and 20.
Great defending there.
Rio to QPR. Didn't see that one coming *rolls eyes*
I guess it's a good thing that there's no font because I'd use it all the damn time.
Oh , you're such a funny, funny, funny guy!
My Sperry's give me blisters so I have to wear tennis shoes today. My outfit looks fantastic now.
What's better than getting off of work and going to a house you don't live in anymore to mow a lawn because of reasons? Nothing.
What surprise, I flip on the phils and Diekmans on the mound with the bases loaded.
At least andrelton didn't strike out
there's nothing like eating a good fresh carrot at 3 in the morning tbh
Oh yay Phil Coke is pitching we are saved!!!!!
Pretty Little Liars is on? Holy shit no way
What a fucking great night
You've changed. "I know, I'm a Transformer."
This week is going to be lovely.. I can just tell
You know nannies restaurants coffee shops etc are needed
Spotify is not useful at all, it isn't perfect, and it doesn't control my normal day to day activities.
Just bought 3 books because I don't have already full kindle and two books with me.
Party of the fun of being well informed is staving off insanity, .
Torres coming on? Chile must be quaking in their boots like there's a 5.9 coming.
I wonder how you get lucky enough to be the cop at the MVA?
These are making me feel more autistic my the second!
Wow, A is back. Shocker....
Hey that German coach sure has great sportsmanship.....
So as a paying subscriber is it ok if I take part in week?!? Hmmm...
Im so excited to wake up at 4 tomorrow for work!
I guess ignorant entitlebots like have been too "grievously" wounded in the faux to take
\": The ultimate joy for a individual is when the 'victim' takes seriously ;)\"
Thank you for ruining my night. Because staying in was my whole plan
Yes, please sit over my shoulder rambling about fence posts while I'm driving a 50 ft rig thru a severe storm.
ok body. make me sick at the worst possible time. it's okay, I don't mind!
Welp, this is some fun shit
You two are the most PERFECT besties because yous are both FAKE AS FUCK aw like I wanna be you guys so cute adorable YES
Got to my layover in amsterdam.... Melo still aint make a damn decision.
Dentist appointment tomorrow. Can't wait. -_-
That's why i put d hastag there '' Got that? Fuck u bruh":
Whaaaa? "Liz &amp; Dick" not nominated for best tv movie?
One of the best games I've seen at this world cup
It's pay day... Pay my fucking bills day.. Yay. Fml
Can I have a break! Tired of replying too many messages. Actually I need more messages
Thank you deli guy for mentioning Dream Theater...and reminding me of my ex.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!
After hearing how good argentina is, that was a world class performance
It's like: Instead of talking about the funding formula let's cut jobs instead... it's only 1500 people
If only 's leg was 100%, he may have had more accurate headers near the end of the game.
Jacob is always right about everything.
Your smile informs me how much do you need me
sorry, i left off the tag on that, i was mocking those that believe that crap
Actually I knew this was gonna happen. always meets my expectations.
Dad's surprise birthday party was a success
Best ice cream ever
Won't have cable for a week, after I just paid my ginormous bill? Thanks you rock!
I am what I am. don't force me to choose something I don't even want to. don't you ever force your idea to me either
Well that was a massive shock
Let's have a round of applause for all them desi girls showing cleavage on Instagram o_O
Thats why happen !
I'd love to read your blog on the War of Northern Aggression rather than read the facts and truth.
People that bring huge bags on board plane taking up all of the space are the best!
S/O to Emily because every decision I make I make just so I can annoy her
In case you didn't know, LeBron is signing with the Cavs
I loved being included in all this family fun today thanks guys...
Yes keep the strong players of so it makes it harder to win $500,000
Cover reveal!!!! - then laundry, mowing, kid forgot his lunch...writer\/parentlife is glamorous.
Julio: Oh I see torches, do you think people put those down?
The State of Texas makes getting a drivers license so incredibly easy!
Meso is decent. Lol
Irony: Please enjoy this short advertisement...
Goodmorning all the wonderful people that follow me.
I love helping people. Everybody with problems go ahead an text me so I can help you.
These early morning appts and sleepless nights are a GREAT combination. Looking forward to a fantastic day!
Concert in philly tonight and I cannot wait! Been up since 730 for no reason lol hope I can make it through night
The whole problem you see is the just needs more money, I mean I don't know how they operated on that rag tag budget.
Just love getting hit with the ntb.
cant wait for the pokemon meme of suarezs head on like a zubat or something and it saying suarez used bite..
All my friends are having a party at the waterslides and I'm here like... Thanks for the invite
When someone who follows 22k people suddenly follows me, I kinda question whether or not they're interested in reading my Tweets.
I just love when guys look at me and say "hey sexy why don't you come suck my...." You get the picture.
Algeria - ooooo, We're so scared!\n
Almost feel sorry for the Spanish now
Uhhh I just love my thunder thighs
ITV's excessive use of going to adverts is fantastic
Calgary's Sam Bennett compared to Doug Gilmour. Boy, I bet fans will love this guy.
Mother nature's monthly gift came on the day of prom
Game time! Getting ready . With my medschool friends after a day at internship
Apart from that... I'm going back to a boring village with no friends, no job, no car, no bf, no money.. Nothing
$300 speeding ticket? I'm sure my day will just get even better.
What a Great way to start off my summer....
Can't get a minutes peace with all these screaming babies on the maternity ward! Is this normal?
Tomorrow is orientation and I'm driving everyone. Yay, freeway driving...
Had to call for 1st roadside assistance today!
Neymar \"I could've been paralysed\". I hate footballers...
To you. Yeaaa.
Push away the good guy, and let an asshole push you around, because that makes perfect sense for so many reasons.
Dodgers took the uniforms and made them loom shitty. Quick copying off of us.
they tell you that exams are coming and the dateline for assignments and at the end of the post, they say have a fun weekend.
Can this announcer root for the Netherlands a little more, I'm still confused as to who he wants.
Oh yay Vickie is a match tonight I can't wait.
HolyShit wins the title again!?!?! Who would have thought!!
Oh F1, you're SO BORING AND PREDICTABLE.
I love that people are setting off loud &amp; big fireworks.
Oh My God everything is 's fault! I expect more from someone playing the commentary position
An apocalypse? Haven't seen that before in a shooter.
Don't everyone text me at once now damn
That sure was the classiest group of individuals iv ever played basketball against
Wey jangan makan mcd satg nak beribadat lagi darah kotoq kot mcm mana nak beribadat makan benda haram wkwkwk
Pumped Daytona testing conflicts w No Tulsa here either
Who is this Lebron James you speak of? Never heard of him.
Don't you just love it when your mum won't let you go anywhere with your friends?
I just love when ppl find out I have diabetes&amp;tell me bout their relative who either died/got their body parts amputated cuz of it
best game of the World Cup is coming up next! Nigeria vs Iran!!!
Yes because posting a video of you hitting a bong is so smart..
This week has been so lovely to me.
Good faith bargaining: employer directs Ss to take stuff home as this is the last day
Madre goleada de Argentina en los dos partidos... Estan pero monstruos
Be proud of who I am? That's why I'd rather say \"Never mind\" than repeat myself.
Socialspondent. Gj , original word. Not cringe-worthy at all.
A Prius in New Paltz, what a surprise
I'd rather take Memphis from that I'd never heard of over Origi from that I'd never heard of.
It's muggy out and raining... Yay
Cleveland's got some pretty good defense
Too bad, no more at the U.S. Open, aww schucks, what a shame.\n\n
.True but by the only democracy in the Middle East
Today's warmup: 40 burpees. Can't wait!
If only Arnold Peralta was here to get the Hondurans out of this mess.
Today is gonna be a blast
I just can't believe izzati listen to korean song.
Too bad I'm only going to 6 :((
Looking forward to the throttling I'm apparently in for tomorrow
I'm sure the Brazilian fans will react quite well to this. Very reasonably, in fact.
I love :)
And I miss my class, thank goodness we will be reunited in 9 days to take the hardest exam ever..
is fun at 1am.
PT3 is damn easy lah and i bet lots of people loves it
quite the product you have here
Ronaldo played so good.
Don't quit smoking lady, you'll gain weight.\n
By the looks of the texts i'm getting.... It's going to be a great shift....
What's the soccer score? 0-0? Be shocked if so. \n\n
Nothing better than spending my at home doing tons of homework \n
It's nice how consistent my uni is with releasing results
It's so fun to swim all alone.
Breaking News. Knicks send Shane Larkin back to the Mavericks in exchange for some Cowboy tickets.
Awww mannnnn!! I'm missing the Western Ky State Fair this week!!!!
SO pumped up for Ryan Fitzpatrick!!!!!! The answer Houston's been looking for, things def looking up for the Texans!!!!
Wow I ask for too much.
I just love how my mother always gives me cheery news at bedtime. A family friend is quite ill. This couldn't wait for morning?
What a wonderful week and a half of summer break it has been.
My life couldn't be any better right now
Just saw a screen cap of one of my tweet in a FB pg of the bullies.I feel "honored" ;) AND FYI, I NEVER EVER MET CHANDLER.
Hey great card at the for DSG's last 140lb title defense
I'm already sitting.. Want me to lay down instead? AYEEEEEEE
Wow I must mean so much to you, so much loyalty and respect.
Update: the 4 year old has asked me why I don't have my own kids &amp; called me old. What a sweetheart.
Trains running late always make getting up at 6:30 seem so worthwhile.... At least it's only 10 minutes today...
Now we gotta watch baseball! Yay
Going to a fancy event this afternoon where I will be surrounded by a bunch of old rich people, how exiting.
I love this cold weather yes I love being in my room with no heater at 5 degrees Celsius. I love it so much.
Wait someone in the Drew family is hurt and can't play? Shocking that Stephen already is out due to strained oblique
Wow I love rain
A friendly remember that the weird,twist and bizarre part of this fandom raise 25000$ for charity
Well there is one prove that those balance wrist bands work. Own goal in record time
I'm glad you care how bad my day was. It's a great feeling.
There's a 5 year old who is beyond . He's making me laugh
So, does this mean that 95% of coverage will no longer be about the Miami Heat? Whoa. Major change of direction for them.
Change my wedding line up yet again I wish we could just go to Vegas low key
Human Beings are beautiful ~
I get the best news on holidays
Iunno if you've heard, they haven't really talked about it at all, but ronaldo doesn't like to defend
I love getting told not to stand up for myself and that my opinion doesn't make sense. Seriously, one of my favorite things.
Buy me lily pulitzer shorts or a dress and I will be your slave for a week
Can't sleep at 3 A.M. ..wonderful, can someone hit me in he head with a frying pan so I'll conk out for a few hours?
Shocking, really, that Paulinho was benched. He's played so well for the past year.
Headache from waking up... To say is going to be fun
Being an adult is A+
If you don't post on social media every day about how much you love your significant other, do you really even love them?
Thanks guys. I can feel the love.
Good luck ladies! It's the high heel competition!
Thanks for looking out for me.
Derrick doesn't look like a cop at all.
Happy to see my had a great draft and didn't make any bad picks.
What a pleasant wakeup call I had this morning...
Today evening I spent a lot of time on social media, creating nothing.
mi luv uno bad
Best part about my knee injury... being able to sit here all day and watch coverage of \"LeBron Watch 2014.\"
Oh good they have given Jonathan Peatve another game
If you know like I know ; then you're my kindred spirit.
Me: Nope, First of all, Find "Why"?
I just love having fevers, they are my fave!!!!
I love the Missouri department of transportations ability to communicate when they are closing a road.
No, no. Watching military homecomings on youtube was the most brilliant idea ever.
Glad I watered the garden when I got home from work!
Dear thank you for deleting cuz id much rather watch the other crappy channels than sports ?
Con 1 vittoria, senza 2 sconfitte...
A tepid game from these two teams. COL or BRA won't be scared
ImLeslieChow: You drink too much, swear too much and your morals are questionable. You're everything I've ever wanted in a friend.\"
Thank you, lady sitting next to me on the bus, for having your karaoke session right here, right now.
Guys, stop talking about the World Cup. It's offending my Anericaness.
Evidentily consideration for other drivers is no longer required!
Nothing like waxing 3 cars on my day off
Hey lets do a selfie! I have room for at least 50 people... Wanna join? We will call it selfie with friends. -_-
Love 's shiny oily legs.
Oh no..we have an issue with our windows program..Thank god someone from technical support called.
Haha yayyy it is so awesome not being able to talk.
Whew! Then home to plan the week!
YAAAAAAY MAY TICKET NA AKO. THANK YOU LORD I FEEL SO BLESSED........not
So glad the are helping their old pal out of his slump.
I have a love/hate relationship with one of my favorite stores in Nashville, ...
Gelukkig had nederland de scheids mee...
isn't that a 75 Glastonbury moment
can make your mind free and relaxed.
Would anybody like to hang out with me tomorrow? I mean I only have like 70 days left in the US and maaan is my schedule booked
Good job Heat!!! Lmfao!!
Looks like the first big E3 event is Microsoft at 11:30. Can't wait to hear about all the new Kinect games!
Alright time to start the long day of summer now... And I'll be working from dawn to dusk ...fun
I'm sure nobody predicted this.....
I love it when people ask me if my hur is weave
Vol spanning voor vs
2 hour left. Today just went by sooo fast
Really looking forward to what Andy Townsend has to say tonight
Soccer is the only thing that makes me feel better anymore &amp; I can't even do that, for 8 months. My life &gt;
Does anyone know who the MLS Player of the Week is? I've been scouring the tag but just can't seem to find out.
YUP...didn't see that coming
I just like being ignored..
So glad I took business it's super interesting
Don't you just love when someone talks crap about a person behind their back and then goes and hangs out with them? Lol
So mascom and BPC are in a relo?.. wow, they make a good couple though.\n
If you don't snapchat about your workout, did it really happen?
Two down, one to go! Final exams are soooooo fun
Gotta love living in apartments.. you can hear everyone's drama.
I hate when I am using a bathroom and someone knocks on the door and asks me if in okay. No girl better come quick I'm drowning.
There's nothing I like better than French-Canadian Reggae music...
Oh wonderful. Bad call quality on Cisco phone. Low traffic and QoS on network. This is gonna be fun
Yay I can't sleep and I have a whole day of training tomorrow
Yeah that's not a starting goaltender.....
What a way to start my day.
Taylor drama? What video did she steal this time?
AC isn't working, I'd say it picked the perfect week for that anyone got a pool?
Take medication to stop my hayfever suffering?? Wow, isn't that a novel idea? I'm so stupid, I should start!
I think Power is very happy judging by that interview.
early morning phone calls with airlines are the best!!!!!
It's always nice when SCOTUS judges vote properly according to their political lines. ?
Looking forward to work today!
Tried in absentia and excommunicated by email. Super Christ-like way to handle things.
First Love never dies, bt TRUE love can burn it ALIVE!!!
Smoking now injurious to 'WEALTH'
I really enjoyed watching a couple make out while waiting in line for a ride today
Yay Zyans up.......
My dad just told me not to get pregnant this weekend so there goes my plans
This is so much fun !!
HTC clinic day! Is everyone excited?
Thanks to my genetics I'll have to keep diet...Thanks a lot for giving me high cholesterol to my bad sight,I REALLY appreciate it...
Lovely to have a chirpy British employee to get me in the swing of things for returning to the UK.
The Heat have cut the lead to single digits? I would have never guessed that!
Will today be , , , or ? Time will tell lol.
Send him down he blows.
Ahwell who am I to say anything, im not selling records
4 months of loyalty and it ends up it was a bunch of crap from the beginning. It feels absolutely terrific.
\": Oh good, maybe things will let up now that have brought in Essien HA GHANA GOAL! SUCK IT
to hire David Blatt? They are serious about bringing LeBron back huh?
America is finally supplying aid to the Syrian rebels via .
Thanks mom, you're a big help.
In case everyones wondering, I'M the baby's Father.........
Wow TNT went a whole 9 laps before a commercial, good job
Yardwork is my favorite thing to do on a Friday afternoon...right next to killing myself.
\": I think Jesus is black because he's our father and he still hasn't come back yet. \" &lt; So original.
Oh also Mercedes won. Thank god for double points at the end.
Yay I get to have my back molar extracted next week!
Started off a sick day with a great morning
What is this phenomenon I'm seeing? Vix is up? Wat! Ok... This must be a trick until BTFD comes in...
Yea bitch just change your baby right in front of me I dont mind!
I get the joy of working an open shift tomorrow. Yeah I just LOVE waking up at 4am on a Monday.
Thanks for all the support guys. You're really great.
Does anyone know where I can find blurry pictures of fireworks from 4th of July festivities I wasn't at?
$BBRY falling like a rock in AH
love when customer break something and then don't say anything about it.
Isn't it awesome when you meet your soulmate and it's in another country?
If Gorges loved the Habs as much as he says, should've accepted the Leafs deal. Much better deal for ! Too soon?
Oh I'm just overwhelmed.
Forgot to put out our garbage today. Good thing it only gets picked up every two weeks.
So hates vaccinations but supports sucking nicotine through a battery. Sure that makes sense
I have found my hidden talent. Golf.
I love when people call me Julia.
GUYS a speg doesn't relieve hunger therefore you can have it, it won't break your fast
8:30 am finals on Monday mornings are my favorite
You were looking good from afar.. now you're far from looking good!!
And father of the year goes to...\n
my phone is locked in the bathroom and we lost the key to it... i have such great luck!
looks fairly easy.
Plenty of time left.
Omg yes my fav show 16 and pregnant is on!!!!!
I'm your big fan.
Should be a fun day for a golf tournament.
Literally killed me saying goodbye to zack:(
Hour and a half of sleep.. Oh the joy!
Hey Mike, we definitely intentionally hit Pujols
\"What's in the bag?\" It's marbles you idiot, Abyss is doing something different for a change
Happy Father's Day to my feet, for always giving me support and something to lean on. Don't know where I'd be without you.
Omg so many tweets about soccer. Thank you everyone for tweeting the score so i know.
6:35. What else could make this day the best day ever worst day ever
Woaaaahhh, not everybody text me at once now. Calm down..
16+ hour days of work are awesome!!
Good lawwwwwd I'm looking sooo good right now, hope I see everyone I know.
Love when people try to mess with me and other peoples relation
Clash of Clans isn't even addicting or fun ...
I'm totally not watching the proposal under my own will power right now.....
Just caught up on Germany vs Portugal. Very sad to see Ronaldo so off his game.
.They are conspiring against you because YOU ARE JUST THAT IMPORTANT.
I love spending my evenings in A&amp;E
no followers zapped
I can't believe the $1000 bill hasn't been made yet. Could save a lot of trees with the ways it's going now.
Good Morning? ": Its now am goin to bed no be say I go club!!...sleep thank u for coming now o! "
RIP to my dad he's alive but dead to me
I was expecting VJ to exactly dance like EXO. But I never thought he'd be better than EXO.
Driving to work is going to be fun
Second room inspection of the week and a 20 day field exercise tomorrow
You're the best !
Weather is buff I feel great today is a good day to be roofing
I love all this right now.... \n
Shocking I'm not sleeping on myself yet
I mean, talking insects? How bizarre. \nImagine while high?\n
The Atlanta Braves why stop at the Redskins
Feels great to know that I only exist when YOU want to talk.
When the people you thought would be in your life forever suddenly disappear...best feeling ever
I would love to go to my job orientation for like 7 hours
Yeah play a defensive shell again because that worked so well earlier
Me and are about to have the BEST week of our life!!! Yayyy
A completely deserving couple of All Stars out of Baltimore
A John Green book is going to be turned into another movie? Great. HAHA
Well this is good. v
Yay doc apt. time
I can already tell it's going to be a great day in the blue box.
and going hard for top pick at next year's draft. AMAZING GM abilities!!\n
Glad I got out of bed to work for an hour and half and make 8$
wow that text you sent me in between tests was great
great ref today between and can the NHL borrow him for playoff games ? NOT !
OMG YOU GUYS! Its been four years since the GREATEST SINGER on earth was discovered on X Factor!
but my images instead
The amount of texts I get in a day is unreal
being a girl is just great
Love hearing how pimps protect... Not the pimps I know of...
But Tory recessions only affected UK. Vote Tory
Yep, I clearly couldn't give a shit! Idiot
Why is it so hard to find bands from to fly me out there to produce and record their record?!
Don't u just love when waitress ask how your doing mid-bite or mid-chew
Hey Devin's sorry he stepped on you. He just wants to see his daughter- that's all.
It's always fun watching a drug deal go down in the parking lot. ??
I have some of the best \"friends\"
I can't even imagine how hard life must be not having to work...
Kill my mood all you want 'cause it's easy to kill my mood. 'tKillMyVibe
Love when my neighbour decides to steal my skating videos
Had such a great day today.
Oh Kofi, how exciting
Whoever wins in Iraq, whether Shiite or Al Qaeda, I'm sure they'll allow free elections and a truly representative government.
Can this day get any hotter? No not really
is always fair in the amount of stoppage time they give the trailing team
thank you for letting me know how to buy more followers, I'll start saving up for it right now
298TH PLACE OVERALL THO, WOHOA, RUNNING PRODIGY OVER HERE
Because it's definitely not your choice on what you do with your body &amp; child\/children it's societies.
Migrating Exchange 2010 on-prem to hosted Exchange 2007 (with HMC)... Loads of cross-forest migration fun!
Is it a earthquake?!? No, it's my neighbour's music who makes tremble everything in my place.
Well, I forgot my laptop to class and I got robbed of a pencil. What a way to start today! -.-
Dude she has a boyfriend..
Pale skin girls with jet black or orangish red hair are this nations backbone
Que lindura todo.
, , needs 14 more followers to hit 700. Please give him a follow
do not mess with the !!! : is (twitter) dead! \/ what did you do to him??
Just because I want to.
Everyone likes a little vanity.
It's time to win at some ! I have an awesome Paladin deck.
Go ahead and stare at me from across the room; its not awkward at all :p
I love watching such a truthful and open minded station like Fox News!
Not sure if you guys know this or not... But apparently there's a few ice bergs around?
The industry isn't genderist! Just look at all the women speaking about games starring women.
Suarez, Ghanaians love u.
Kyle goes into sheetz and buys carrots.
Just realized I went all of high school single
I'm glad you're here when I need you
I have to take my ACT tomorrow....... I'M SO EXCITED HAHAHAHAHAH.
I'm because PUNCHing people is frowned apon.
Crap! I issued the color run!!!
The fact that my entire Instagram notification screen is liking my photos
9:30 and it's already 81 out. Awesome.
Gaza should be treated like Balochistan is treated by Pak Army. Maybe then the Ummah'll support Israel
So apparently, the NWO along with Neocons got together with Mexico to start a war on the southern border
Its not just homosexuals! Its global warming!! EVERYTHING IS THE SODOMITES' + AL GORE HATERS' FAULT!
I'm really glad we played like crap today
Sabres swept up in Philly along with the Braves. Couldn't have happened to a nicer city
I can't watch my docu!! Girls are hangin' out in front of me. Get together? Coffee shop? Since when?
I didn't know the Human Torch was a bad guy?!
Innervation is done by nerves?! You learn something new every day.
I'm doing freaking great right now!
My level of has got to the point where I don't know if I'm kidding or not
So excited for all these snapchat stories of fireworks!
Ryan Fitzpatrick is the Houston starter. Adjusts your fantasy mock drafts accordingly.
Some guy named scored. I hear he's decent.
i am so looking forward to Dutch anti-football
I just love coming to the doctor and having to wait an hour in the room. AFTER awaiting a half hour just to get back to the room.
Pretty sure I have a slight concussions cause I've had a headache ever since. Thanks again Jared!
Nothing like an hour drive just because to start your day
When Stupid knock at your door : Hey Here's the door ill hold it for you!
Guess im just that stupid
Interesting...I had no idea Astoria had Greek people...
I love pickering. So gossip free. I love how your business always stays your business and nobody ever makes up crap about you.
When I got in my car it said 104 degrees so it's good I was outside working all day.
310. I can bring a to . Repeatedly.
Nothing like spending a shit ton of money on your car to make it a good start to the day
People say "oh this didn't happen to you" ect. oh yeah that's right you were there when everything happened I forget.
Ideal response to this decision is the govt footing the bill for contraceptives. Can't imagine Congress not passing such a law.
Rah mans been flooded with friends requests uno, cant believe the response
Lol my parents are so mature guys lolololol
Still a Legend !! Stevie G. For country and club.
I've been there for you through everything, good to know you would return the favor.
Keep up the good work !!! Overwhelmed by your Draft coverage
Hey, did you hear about his behavior in the Tawana Brawley case?
Yay, more rainbow coloured brand tweets.
Creditable draw against the group winners. Bravo England!!!
Family over everything.
Perfect ending to my night!
Everyone's right, Lebron is terrible and scared.
. : oh good, I was hoping for more hail damage this year.
So twitter is telling me that is close to announcing a top 5...could it be TRUE?! haha just kidding!!
Not having a crush is fun
I love waking up early on my day off!
.then you can totally let us know what we're NOT missing 8-)
Fellow , , needs 1 more follow to hit 400. Please give him a follow.
So a kid allegedly tanks a workout so he can't be the number 1 pick in the draft? Why would anyone want to be first chosen?
I'm sure this "Zip Zap Zop" game won't get annoying
I chose the perfect time to get my license renewed.
I know kung fu of tongue.
Night one in the tree house is proving to be fantastic.
Great call ref.
What?! is getting bad reviews? I never saw that coming!
Esta lloviendo, no podre ir al colegio, que lastima
is a deadly combo for ur
*searching frantically for tweet re: Suarez bite\/headbutt*
I love it when people are to me
Thank God I learned so much Spanish in Central Dewitt schools
Such a great game that I can't wait for 30mins more of this football!
Oh good just texted me about my flight delay 20 min after I was to leave.not board Thank goodness I got it
That's cool too
One way friendships are just the best, aren't they?
well gutted we missed out on bernard matthews
Lets all post Instagram pictures of our dads because he is going to actually see it
Oooo it looks fun on here this evening!
Don't you just love when someone scares you whilst reading a book on serial killers
I wonder if Game of Thrones is going to be any good tonight.
My favorite thing about this job is being really sick with the flu and having my District Manger tell me to suck it up
Being rejected is a WONDERFUL feeling :)
But im glad to see portugal put up a fight -_-
Give me FRED and 10 pieces of wood,i'll give you 11 pieces of wood
Byyyyyyye Cody. Didn't see that coming
I wish Colorado was prettier.
Oh my gosh, like im so excited for orientation.
I love being ignored. Like, it makes me so happy.
I'm so pleased Srinivasan has promised to clean the image of the cricket. He is just the man to do it.
Good thing mom wanted to clean the house today but then went to Rochester.
two people to protest during Google IO and with the technical issues this is one fantastic keynote
OH, what'd ya know... Surprise surprise. Didn't see that coming.
spending tomorrow waiting for the virgin media man. yipee.
Sometimes it takes all the strength I possess to suppress the
why the hell did we sign morales if he is just going to watch every pitch go by? get rid of him
A bit disappointed. This would have been the perfect opportunity to build up Emiliano Viviano's match fitness.
\": Eeee tak sabar nye nk balik kolej \"
How wonderful.....(hint the )
Glad to see that Wondolowski contributed.
I can't believe Steven Drew didn't beat out Jeter for All-star selection.
Thank you for your extremely generic comments Ron Cey. Very insightful.
Oh great, Cliff Drysdale is on !!
I love military drug tests!
Nice 16th pick nuggets
Obviously I was kidding about my previous tweet. Was not asking for prescription drugs lol
Just after I burnt my melo jerseys I change my background on twitter, can't wait til the C.boozer wallpapers are out.\nHappy days
My Wife saw Johnny Manziel last night at Bar in Boston. No Cleveland he didn't have his playbook on him.
why is that socialist obama destroying the US economy?
Well this is fun
I love when I finally stand up for myself everyone acts like I'm the worse person ever.
waiting for the flight on an airport for 4 hours. Obviously i am not angry. :)
I need a girlfriend so i can be inconsiderate and force people into their rooms while we keep every light on and watch a movie
-was granted access 2 console based on his sterling character &amp; vast experience.
Yeah, that's cool. I didn't want to watch the final moments of CBC's Hockey Night in Canada
is a super fun way to spend a day indoors.
So glad I have a life outside of work.......
Delays on the ? That NEVER happens.
Good thing I have all these people to text while I'm at work
Isn't it amazing, that you wake up and the first thing you read on papers is that has signed a new contract for !
Let me guess... wants to actually read the before issuing a statement regarding its findings.
These refs aren't biased at all
I saw this hatchtag , and i ask why??.. Seriously ??
CANTV eres lo maisimo..
Why's Robben dropped from line up ?
I'm pist this moving shit is becoming redick and on top of all that I have to miss work oh cool not like I need that money !
Wow that's just rainbows and unicorns.
I'm SOOO sorry that I'm waiting on you hand and foot and everything doesn't turn out ABSOLUTELY perfect for you.
9:30 on a Saturday night and I'm ready for bed
Love a massive queue for fuel at this time of night........
Apparently i'm single and ain't talking to nobody anymore...... Glad I got the memo from twitter and not you smh
Those of person/paGe i've followed kindly please follow me back? frankly saying :D
I think I'm staying home from work today. Can't focus until I know where Lebron is going. My life is on hold.
Thanks for tweet
It's only sexism if men do it, duh. ''Everyone'' knows that...
Soo happy that now that I'm done working, I'm wide awake.
I'm glad to see everyone loves me.
Awesome news to get after work...
taylor thinks I love her
I! I BELIEVE! I BELIEVE THAT! I BELIEVE THAT MY! I BELIEVE THAT MY IPHONE WILL BE FIXED WHEN I GO TO THE GENIUS BAR TOMORROW!
OMG! A new MOBA called Dawngate! Better hurry up and shell out for another GTX 760 so I can run that shit in SLI! SICK GFX BRAH!
ESPN just showed highlights of the nil-nil soccer match 'sgreatestsport
is the referee for Match ! I wish he came for the match
Well today's gonna be a good day
Someone just proposed outside of the JCrew outlet... Never a dull moment here at work..
The whole purpose of buying quinoa is to eat gluten free - then I look at the ingredients to find it may contain wheat.
Big shoutout to for turning me into an emotion wreak right now. She always has ny back
The following storyline is brought to you by Dude Bros Inc. "all women fight over douchebag guys. It's on tv so it's fact"
Just taste into the ice in Antarctica, no problem with that...,
I'm so incredibly lucky, idk. I hope it will be over soon.
Well fuck... I feel great.
Nothing says 'come to me baby' like a sexy pair of feet -brown bear
fell on ice cream at work today!
Thanks Mom and Dad!
physics. you are such an awesome science!
Your service charge is just money-racketing bullshit.
Ooh, more driving! Yay!
I love how reliable is.
Today consists of going to CSP Recruitment, food shopping, and a lot of studying
Just enjoying the 2nd hand smoke on
Organizing my closet ohhh my damn I need to get rid of stuff! haha
When your voice aint heard blasting mosques, the s. Cz are to than speakers.
Yes perfect just what I want to be doing right now driving home wasting money on gas and missing a day's worth of pay tomorrow
Scrolling through my facebook news feed like im going to find interesting story
This game is totally blowing my mind
Wow I did so much today
Yay for summer school.
My current level of motivation is just pure magic.
Oh no Heat are down lets call fouls...
I need to remember when to and not to be .
God I love talking to myself
Dallas PD fucking up? Color me shocked.
Wow I love doing swim lessons on a cloudy, windy day.
At least I get payed tomorrow... Cus money gets you everything you want.
Everyone is so grumpy tonight :)) I love it
Next week, I'm going to BIRMINGHAM to visit my aunt. Can't WAIT to be stuck in a car for four hours
I love when people talk about my family.
Always touching when Devin mentions his daughter and starts welling up with tears!
Being ignored is one of the best feelings.
Good thing and did all that coverage on Phil Michelson...
Woop 100 followers go me haha
Omg what a shot
So looking forward to being indoors today as it's gonna be boiling
VM... My favourite time of the month.
Holy shit I cant wait to go to work
This game is fucking brilliant!
RT : The love stories are always the best part of \"24\"
So... We went to the Crew Game and someone got struck by lightening so it was cancled. Thank god we spent $30 on Pepsi for nothing.
Can't think of a better way to spend my 4th than work open to close..
Les Miz, Cabaret, Broadway is seriously conquering new ground! No wonder Disney's Aladdin seems fresh and innovative to them!
The 2010 world cup winners ladies and gentlemen and all other spain fans
The Greek Soccer team is so skilled!
Our power is out. No idea why. No wind. No rain. No loud bangs or flashes. And the electric company is oh so useful.
Too bad, no more at the U.S. Open, aww schucks, what a shame.
Nothing makes me feel smarter than discussing superheroes with a 12 year old boy.
No foul on Lebron! That can't be!
Voy a publicar que estoy cansado de ver mi muro\/TL lleno de gente que escribe todo lo que hace.\n\nNo, esperen...\n\n
What better way to get LeBron to sign back than signing one of his bitter rivals from the Pacers.
Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like waiting for a ship in an airport .
Best bit of college.. Getting amendments back
I will enjoy driving to work this entire week.
It's so nice to be appreciated.
Gotta love , why do they all train with their ?
If this game ends in a tie, does the US advance to the next round?
Love playing the mom role on nights like these...
Does anyone know if the OSCS U-23 guys are in college?
Oh! There's the gospel artist. covered everything!
I got me sick! Thanks Jenny!
I believe you!
My degree of depends on your degree of .
So Suarez has apologised wholeheartedly intended.
best friday night EVER! I got groceries after working 12 hours, cleaned my apartment, and now I'm drinking a beer. by myself.
Loved chewing on a massive fly while running, gotta have some mid-cardio protein
is the best way to Confuse someone...\n\n\n
\"Who the hell are you people?! This is not the family I imagined!\" ~My Mother
&amp; MJ came back with the 45 lol thanks for the facts we all know nupe lol RT : Nupe he came in wearin 23
Back at the airport, headed home overnight to on the redeye. I will be a treat tomorrow.
Sure do love getting kicked by a 1,200 pound steer in the thigh and then being knocked to the ground
I love it when you text me back
Wings and a salad for dinner! And only 2 beers! Go me!
Who needs scouting when fans know everything about a prospect by looking at his stats and watching Youtube?
Yes.. it was the refs.. .
12 hour drive ahead of me. Funnnnn..
Can anyone tell me if starts today? Haven't really heard much about it
in twitter, your complicated grammar is a way better than wrong spelling
Wow that was undeserved win for Edmonton. You beat a team after taking out their QB on a cheapshot. Congratulations
Ooh yes and I looooove being checked out by creepy old men through the window at work. Makes my day
Girls grow up to become women. Boys grow up to meet the minimum height requirement and that's it, bitches so deal with it! Shit!
Why thank you car, that's exactly what I wanted to wake up too. All my coolant leaked out, oh joy.
I'm really glad I have friends and people to text.
Crazy that the Heat would go on a run with DWade on the bench! Who woulda thunk it??
Ya no me dediquen tuits. haha
Fantastic Job ...
Its Thursday... yet another day of the week to be ignored by - What marvellous customer service.
Been nice talking to you since you graduated
I love discovering that emails failed to send... 5 weeks ago...
My fortune cookie at lunch - Depend on the predictability and steadiness of life to support you. This must be someone's idea of .
because wearing heels after leg day is always a smart non painful idea
Have I mentioned how much I love paperwork?
It's funny to see "Not all men" stuff on Father's Day.
Looks like ReturnOfKings and RedPiller1985 are bound for the floor. Gee, wonder why...
I just love ace of base! Their lyrics are so thought provoking! \"everytime it rains, i get wet!\"
'NOT EVEN !' Oh ! ! ......
\"More gun control will make crime rates go down.\" Oh, yeah. Because we all know criminals follow the law.
Country Fresh at 9:30. Can't wait for this.
This Nigeria vs. Iran game is about to be livvveee...
The only Saturday I'll ever have off and I'm spending it cranky as shit and laying in bed.
Why yes.... I am happy that my summer will be filled with integrals.
Oh I feel a little bit of relief now... The 6th lady was chosen based on tweets...that was a close one...
It's always fun getting cussed out at work. But it's ok because Lowes cares!!
Ang saya ng buhay ko!\nYey!\nHaha
Porn on my tl..... What a beautiful...*cough* sighting...
Oh it's ok. Thanks for asking.
\"social media is always changing.\" what?! no? srsly? who knew?
Omg you're so funny
Monday is hart hart
Work today! Yaaaaaaayyy....
Know 3 essays for this test at 1, this is going to go so well..
I love watching poor quality instagram videos and snapchat stories of musical performers.
Tagline : Kami Bukan kaki fitnah.Kami hanya menyampaikan Fitnah..xda beza..yeah!!..skit kat satu page tu..
I love when people take other peoples jokes and then use them all the time
So the Falcon Lover comments on 's videos... What even?
If you stop being , I'll stop being .
Luv it when my friend looks at her phone while I'm talkingthen apologizes 4 not listening
I didn't miss 's request for 3 B in emergency aid for and vets , did I.
Just love how the FIFA ticket prices are now 5x - 10x the price. &amp;demand
O2 are some craic
Arsenal signing Sheamus ?
Third degree burns are awesome.
I don't think I got scheduled enough next week...
Thank goodness this thunderstorm held off until after the pool closed
Turned around to see two mosquitoe eaters having relations on my window. Niiice.
today just keeps getting better.
And no reaction for Adam Rose. - -
Oh, yeah...because all women have to have that conversation once we get married.
so it is suggested The Met are corrupt ...who'd of thought !
Having a job is great, I mean who doesn't love setting an alarm for 6:45 every morning?
I'm not really gonna sleep. I'm stay up on twitter.
Nasty email on FB because I didn't like another author's page with my personal acct. Makes me want to buy all their books!
This match is spectacular, another 95 scoreless minutes of men flopping all over the field.
Brad Paisley Ke$ha and Ludacris and they can't see the artists performing???
Writing a historical literary thesis at 3AM...
That makes sense
Glad I'm going too.
Great way to start the 4th of July
I'm so smart ae......but a complete mistake
Why am I not surprised!!
Ask where your phone is one more time
Why was I blessed with this wonderful disease?
This road trip with my mom on the phone the entire time is so fun.
Aren't hypocrites cute.
fell on ice cream at work today! \nI LOVE WORK!!
Working a double tomorrow. Yay.
The ability to make someone comfortable is a blessing. The ability to make someone shut up is priceless. \n
I'm too lazy for a petty conversation with negative people.
This day is going so great and it's not even 1.00 pm yet
Thanks Glad this was the game I got to watch
I love going through this every. Single. Day.
Your such a great \"friend\"
not joking. like I said earlier, someone come get me and take me to the irish fest.
this has been such a great day
My level of has reached to a point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.
Kibret is such a sweetheart ._.
thanks for totally putting me first...
hate this muller guy hahah
Forgot about the pol-tweet-athon. No way i could have kept up with informative tweets.
Today's gonna be fun!!!
I really like how tumblr people don't label their gender or sexuality but label their wardrobe as 'grunge'
So glad that Obama can relax in August! He's been so busy making so many difficult decisions.....\n\n
Great..... : A warm &amp; fiery welcome to to family. Wouldn't be a superhero show without an Amell!
Kill with --&gt; Turkish and Saudi people are Great in this I have seen
I forgot how much fun loading creatine was!
Its nice to know I have friends.
Either my is incredibly believable, or you're incredibly stupid. :'p
So. From the looks of it, I have another wisdom tooth coming in.
If a tells you you're right, that's called redefined !!
HAPPY WARS ON XBOX ONE YAY
In other news: I have a doctor appointment tomorrow. Yay!
Playing a multiplayer game on our separate phones
I absolutely love how you get my hopes up and crush them all within 30 fucking minutes.
People make me laugh.....
Hope you so just get married have kids and then just die happily ever after
I can't wait to celebrate my freedom on the 4th by working at portillos
BREAKING Waves of love to securities are washing activists.
Oooohhhhh chille and Australia.. Yay...
Wow SM doing good to soshi \": So Henry solo is out first, does this mean TTS is delayed?\"
My friends are going to Kavos on Friday. That's the same day I'm going to Tiverton. Who's got the better deal? Blatantly me.
Thanks for enlightening me on the fact that today is the 1st of July...I've never understood calenders.
Dear men who whistle and honk at girls, Yeah....I'm really going to talk to you now.
Combination of rain and traffic jams is just wonderful
So, last month my mom got a tattoo saying 'sexy princess bitch' she just got another one, can't wait to see this one. \n
100 degree weather. Oh joy!
Yay, busses with school kids. My favourite.
Love tearing a ligament in my ankle, all the hoping around and pain is so much fun
Bravo Bravo What A Way To Close BET Awards !
Working on my birthday. Love it.
I suppose your getting better
Brought to you from the law firm of $teva &amp; $teva
Wardrobe is full of lovely summer clothes and the weather takes a turn for the worse.
Holy shit talk about skying the goal on that one...
Looks like a bunch of stand up guys, I would definitely not have a problem leaving my kids around them.
Love it when plays Pharell Williams' \"Gush\" (\"tonight I wanna be dirty girl\") before a kid movie.
I love getting ignored it makes my day so much brighter.
I love it when people doubt me...
Wade is really contributing to the effort tonight!
Seven years and you are still a genius...
Something u don't see everyday: Matt Kemp striking out
Only 6 more hours to go... only.
I love how certain circumstances can be both comical and infuriating.
remember that time a transgender woman got attacked and the attackers yelled words of empowerment at her?
lineup: Djourou, Behrami, Shakiri. hahaha
I dragged my brother along too, he is thrilled
Aha. I just can't complain. \"My timeline is just myself and .\"
I just love getting left out..
Tyrion: Let me guess, I've been pardoned.\n\n\n\n
Luv being invited places
Yes, because there would totally be celebrations of the Death Star being destroyed on Imperial Center (Coruscant).
YESSS, MORE RAIN!
Sorry for all the Ranger tweets
I get to do homework over summer break!!!
That went well!
Don't you just love accounts that tweet the same damn quotes 50 times a day?
Season is over. Hit the panic button.
I love that I'm included in everything :)
Leaving work at midnight is really my favorite thing ever.
I need about 20 min to wake up in the morning, then be assured...I pop off with something and
Me alegra que sean bien cercanos
Don't you love when you're texting someone and they just stop and dont text you for hours? Its great :3
I totally love being a second choice, don't you?
Delhi! Why you so hot! Two hotties can't stay at one place
vs in the WC Final.. Excuse me while I jump of excitement..
Justin ja Selena teevad kokaiini v?
What an exciting life I live! ...
Oh. Cool. Another Call of Duty. So impressed.
The is playing games on ? Don't they know it's a national holiday?
Getting locked out of the hotel room was the perfect start to the day
Its funny that Jacob doesn't see my indetects
Man they're really good at this game. They should be dancers in really life.
Remember when you were a kid and thought it'd so cool to grow up? Yeah, well we were brainwashed. This shit fucking sucks
My favorite thing is when people actually point out your pimples. Thanks! I feel like I've won an achievement award.
Love when I get all my twitter notifications.
Thank you , I very much enjoyed my 27 min wait to get home this evening...
I love it when people only text me when they need something..
What happened to ? Guess the media is fine with the situation so I should be as well.
Morning Traffic! Woo Hoo.
Explaining to the doctor how I drunkenly kicked a pole after the USA lost will be the highlight of this month.
Beware of players.
Soo I heard a rumor Lebron opted out of his contract?! Can anyone confirm or deny haven't seen anything on twitter or FB!?!
The most effective way to kill a bird?
THE CUBE ISNT SAFE!!!
Getting to work at 7 am so I can resticker all the women's jeans today! Yayy!
thanks goodness NY state has now clarified what a sandwich is
IL followers will by SHOCKED to learn Brian de Brauwere just called a balk.
So good of to provide a full refund, incl. service charges. \nYour service charge is just money-racketing bullshit.
Witcher 3 beats all other games by having TWO severed heads AND a chopped off arm (+ bonus torso sliced in half).
I'm a flirt. Sorry.
I DID NOT SEE THIS COMING AT ALL!! THE FUNKADACTYLS ARE BREAKING UP? OH NO!
Stalking peoples prom pictures like its my fucking job lol
Wish someone would turn up the heating at work - it's a bit chilly.
50% slowdown in Tasmanian fibre rollout...didn't Malcolm say the rollout had stopped? He wasn't *lying* was he?
showing twitter all this love right now i need to get a job that actualy makes me work for my money lol!
I always feel so inspired when girls post generic inspirational quotes on Instagram
Make that five and a half hours. Thanks again, .
Glad to see Bourn was able to catch up to that fly ball.
For the day because I'm working through summer.
Ivory Coast running in with what looks like two fake injuries to stall the game.
Can't wait to watch everyone's snapchat stories of fireworks tonight!
Dang it... I don't have an American flag to pose with today.
Don't you love having a part and not even having a say so about any of it? It's great.
alrighty as I got closer to work it kept getting darker and darker then rained really hard... Thats a good omen
Idea: Let's give the ball back to Belgium.
People is unfollowing me :((
omg I totally am dieing bc I just miss Kenzie so much bc it's been 6 hrs since I've seen her.
We should do the right thing and send W Cheney Rumsfeld in to fix things up.
When forgets our 8 months&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
is laughing at someone with a straight face.
DO YOU SEE THAT FOLKS?? DO YOU? Amber was IN BED WITH CALEB! He totally has legit reason to love/stalk her.
There's no better way to spend your Sunday than by driving through the wondrous Missouri countryside.
Looks like its super windy this morning. That should make taking down the antenna at the Field Day site all sorts of fun!
non lo sapevo mica che era luglio,grazie jiyong
Why don't Repubs investigate &amp; expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
Like to say a big thank you to the clouds for making our prom look even better ten It would do anyway
Our Relationship is on point, it's based on Social Networks, TRY TO BEAT THAT
\": Yaa... Betol tu bro.\" Hahaha...
I have got my kids believing that is my second language. Job well done I think.
Can't wait for work after
Tim Murray would make a great public speaker
Oh boy! Penalty shootouts are my favourite!
doctors, work, &amp; gym. My days are so exciting!
Well if this isn't fun i dont know what the fuck is.
~My mom complains that I don't do shit so I have a question, does running late count as an excercise? -__-
Thank you so much, Globe!
It's okay you don't have to text back
Judge Barbara Houser at on the SupCt Bellingham decision - "You could have knocked me over with a feather"
Oh my co-workers, such a dream.
Perfect start to a perfect day
So pissed off its unreal, knuckles are bleeding from punching shit. Good end to the night
It's awesome I can spend so much time with my family and friends this summer \n\nMoney isn't worth it
All the traditional Spanish music and even modern music all sounds the same to me. Does that make me racist?
Good at bat Avila.
What an absolutely lovely experience from my perspective.
That MIGHT have been a foul. I mean, it's a good call. There's definitely some gray area there
Looks like the fans are really getting behind this bunch. Come on. It's only a couple of innings in 1st game of a 4 game series.
During all this World Cup stuff the Lightning have signed the entire Rangers roster.
Keep up the good work
Oh so you're not supposed to actually shut up when your friends tell you to??
Go ahead and report me to twitter, I'm sure the countless tweets of you insulting me will go well in your favor.
Fabulous customer service from Asda Tottenham Hale this evening "Hopefully someone will be out soon to help you"
Exactly how I wanna spend my Saturday, mowing the yard.
what a wonderful night
OMG! Long Island Mediums a fake? You mean she doesn't really have conversations with dead people? That's like, sooooo surprising.
Sweating is sexy.
I'm pretty sure nobody expected John Cena and Seth Rollins to win
My brace makes my outfit look a thousand times better
Vanek signs with the , that's news to me. Did not see that coming
Wow, sharknado 2, I can't wait to watch it!!
The she gave me the "yeah I believe you" look.
Ohhhh, it still cracks me up when I see humorous variants of the Keep Calm posters.
okay, so she's on her 20th twitter account for the year. -_- .
Don't you just love it when your love sends you ss's of her talking to other boys
Where's section GA???
, because beating the shit out of people is illegal.
1st day of vacation and I've got a cold. Woohoo!!!
Close end to end stuff! Who will win
I must say Brazil is playing the best football ever lol. If it was s.a the fans would have left the stadium already.
Really, I just haven't seen ENOUGH Facebook posts about an air conditioner made out of a bucket and ice.
You know, you should really go get your MBA. It could prepare you for the real world, you know. When you get there.
Found out that Transformers 4 also has one character drop an F-bomb. You know, for kids!
5 hour car ride up to the middle of nowhere upstate New York. Hooray.
Its rather cold today
My degree of depends on your degree of
I enjoy getting used
Chicharrito was about as clutch as Holliday there.
Hmm wonder if that was a hint
You know what we need more of today? Waffle jokes. Please keep those suckers coming!
Gotta love family
Oh great The Tour de France has started now
What a great feeling
Tomorrow should be fun
Ten followers !! I'm twitter famous :D
Let's go country I don't even live in.
My mom just got a red convertible. Yay matching mother daughter cars! Lmaooo
Omg you're so cool subtweeting about your ex
I love when my professor mocks newspaper design during online lectures. It really makes me love this class even more.
I have awesome friends!
I'm with you. I despise losing good players UO. Ugh!!!!
14 hour drive...I'm so excited!
Can tell today is going to be fucking great.
Kaman hasn't cracked 1500 minutes in four years, or 54% True Shooting, but sure, $5 million seems reasonable....
I looooove \"no choice,e \"
Love how snapchat has made a 'clear conversation' button for boys haha
I can't wait for the next "Decision" tv show, I'll be on the edge of my seat
Just don't respond because that's the mature thing to do in this situation.
I see has arisen. Great.
We sincerely apologize for Tray's actions during his latest rant. His views do NOT reflect the views of the Hogarth family.
I can't believe I have performed on the same stage as that legend known as Heather Thomas from ;)
Joy to the World. \nThat's heavy if you didn't catch that.
No sleep for me tonight , woo great.
She's a comedian
It's great to know you realy care about me.
As much as it pains me to root for a 0-0 draw in vs. , I will take it. By the way, Dow now below 16.9K. Terrible sell-off!
Ronaldo has the least amount of touches on Portugal. Definitely a winning formula.
Some people be like: I pretend to be gay so I can get beaten up. Because yeah thats so much fun and so easy to be.
my brunch dream was
today hasn't been awkward at all.
Today's been great I swear no one is moody at all
Sunday. So ayun, Monday na ulet bukas. Excited.
The refs are helping Miami get back into this game.
This weather is absolutely perfect for running
Professional athletes should be allowed to smoke
It's so nice when people respect that other people in the same room are sleeping.
Well that was a great exciting entertaining game
omg please let this day get worse.
THANKS A FUCKIN LOT 4 THE FUCKIN BALK UMP
Writing an essay about the german language. Very thrilling...
So much Pride on my timeline, I think I've caught a case of the Gay, Inc. GAY RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS! LOVE IS LOVE! HRC 2014!
Want that shirt.
guys guys guys! there's gonna be a thunderstorm in july! IT'S A MIRACLE
i'm not trying to cheese you off with everything i do honest
I can feel Jerry Gallagher's joy. . (Yes, Jerry, I hash tagged that sh*t)
Oh I can't wait for this fun day at the fun factory, the place where dreams are made! .
So WWE has Paige win the title in here debut and AJ wins the title in her return back yes great creative booking
Today was the longest day of the year(Solstice). That's why I was thinking, why this day is not getting over.
\" no offense \" means Im about to insult you, but dont get mad.
Apparently I can't take broadcasting next year so now I'm taking animation/gaming......yaaaaaayyyy.
Giants have the bases loaded and don't score... shocked!
So many players going down with cramps so far. Yeah..qatar is a real good idea in 2022.
we all should limit to Mosques. Should Ask Allah And His Commands To Remain in Mosques. .
... to be fair, Croatia deserved a spot instead of BRazil, but whatever... thank you referees
I should be happy Papa's coming home this afternoon from Korea. Why am I not excited? 'Coz Mama just made my day!!! Nice!
They frighten me so.
Another day of waking up at 4:30 to go to a job site...
Wow, never would have picked that result :|
Oooooo biking and smoking, you're hot.
But you get free birth control dude!
Usa is FOR SURE gonna win against belgium yupp! ;p
Snider would have caught that!
I CANNOT wait for tomorrow to see an abundance of Instagram photos of the same exact fireworks.
Have reporters at the Ausmus press conference reported who laughed and blasted them in the media? I've not heard that list yet
I love the way I don't have to watch any soccer match anymore since I've got twitter.
I love looking at my checking acct n seeing I have $40.
That didn't sound weird. Nope. Not at all.\n
Tight game, but on balance the Germans edged it and deserved their win
Well it's a good thing Summer distracted Fandango, or Dolph would *never* have been able to beat him.
28m fellaini isn't starting for what a waste him on the bench
BJ Upton...such a bum
I've only been here for an hour &amp; I'm already in a fantastic mood.
It's alright I didn't want to be on time to work today anyway
I just love that when a celebrity or a youtuber you like does a follow spree everyone gets followed but you. -.-"
We can't be friends if you don't understand my .
God, I miss soviet, so hard that I could die.
This is soooooooo fun
Alex Avila walks wow he never does that
This is great summer weather.
Nice friends I have
To the umpire \"got to clean that base. Try and make this game last as long as possible don't we\"
\"gaston as in beauty n the beast?\"... No as in equensu ocha, otherwise known as the white devil.
Amazes me how the details of contract and its 'buy out clause' is so widely available!!
Honestly, who would have EVER guessed Facebook was going to use and abuse its users? Now this is shocking news.
I only had 1/4 the milk I needed for my cereal this morning. Now I know what the starving children in Africa feel like.
Mondays just kinda sneak up on you
Thanks for the close up of RVD's ass cameraman, appreciated...
I hate Hibbing soccer girls, talk about some wonderful attitudes. They sure know how to be snobby. Keep the work up girls!
Do I even sleep? Omg.
So glad that Koji Uehara, who just gave up a 2R-HR &amp; blew the save, took 's spot on the AL roster.
I just did an interview. Pt 2 we'll see what people think!
So my parents made me come to roller derby tonight....
Isnt that breaking building code laws?
Does Apple voice dictation have a gay marriage agenda? I said "mom's", and it make plural the default rather than possessive.
Two people staring at each other... well that's fuckin' awesome
Nicely done, Alito. On a related note, all hail Ginsburg.
The moment when you talk indirectly with your friend about his crush and he tries to change the topic
Or answers to personal questions from people who they don't really know?
So who is the asshat causing the roadblocks?
I LOVE HOW PEOPLE KNOW RIGHT OF WAY AT FOUR WAY STOPS.
Locked my keys in my car...$60 down the drain. Awesome week!
Now everyone don't go texting me all at once about plans for tonight
Hats off to the IeSF for taking a stand for gender equality
Today was the last flower crown friday
I can't wait for those lunch counters to start following their religious belief in segregation
I love Skyping with while he paints an anchor on his wall.
I hear this Klose guys is good at scoring goals at World Cups. So yes, let's please keep leaving him open!
I swear Mario Chalmers got game
Never in 1 million years thought I would get a coors light bucket in the mail. Apparently miracles happen.
ABSOLUTELY LOVE when my phone tells me who won the hotdog eating contest before it is on here
Wow. We are so good we advance when we lose...what an awesome sport and great tournament.
you look really cute in your flower headband.
If Honduras didn't have a red card they would've smashed on France
Wow this Iran v. Nigeria game is way to intents for me!
[]Masterlist of DL applicants
masih bertahan jadi worldwide trending topic. Congratz.
Awesome service centre..\n-raza
Yes Apple, I agree that I have read and accept the terms of your 217 page document.
bade log keh gae..\"beta..sabse banake chalo!\"..but d world has changed..im gonna tell kids \"beta..sabko BANAKE chalo..\"..samjha kya?
People with no logic &gt; \n
I think I should put a in about 90% of my tweets
The amount of smart people you see every day is amazing
OMG I misspelled a word while multitasking. No doubt that invalidates my point
I wish a 4-day layover wasn't a real thing
Glad to see my taxes going to a great cause....free cell phones in walmart parking lot...
Sure they will if we only pass more common sense gun control.
Sure, I would love to give you a body rub after I worked all day today!
Can you believe Costa Rica beat Uruguay?
That's very sagacious of Mr Valencia. Applause.
Also in need of a massage, don't all rush at once please
wow your snapchat stories really make me jealous
Is Obama actually serious about designating the VFW as a terrorist organization, while he continues to arm muslim terrorists
I' m defrosting my freezer - exciting times!
C'ho la febbre. Se qualcuno inizia a scrivere le mie memorie mi fa un piacere enorme
Being a loser is great
Yes the live feed people are so superior to everyone else
That was Rooneys fault.
5 minutes ago...
I'm glad ppl have such high standards these days
Oh yes wonder boy wilshere is on!!
\"Medel would never do that when Chile was taking the lead, so yes, he has all the rights to complain\" lol
Why can't I get paid to just sit around and look pretty? -.-
Me ? Well never.
To find out who views your Facebook profile the most, look in the mirror
Wait to make it look easy there, Yanks.
I like how my sexual orientation came up several times during a family event that I didn't attend.
2\/2 Being on satellite Internet is always so reliable Like now when it took 20 minutes for tweet part 2.
Bitches be like \"Argentina vs USA\/Belgica, woao que partidazo el que se viene\"
For all those that saw my tweet to matchtalk about Wednesday games and it's disgraceful, IT WAS A JOKE, no one had moaned 4 a while
I didn't realize having self respect for yourself and your body automatically categorizes you as a prude
Something's are just hilarious
Big shola time
Fire Dayton Moore and Ned Yost!
Told my Dad the Twins score. He quickly responded with "Oh boy, that Nolasco is the best thing since sliced bread. Let's sign him!"
I love going out to eat dinner at ten o'clock.
My 3-1 bets looking good !!
He told me if I got new boobs and wore more makeup, guys would start noticing me. I'm so flattered
No Ambrose trending right now. I wonder why....
Oh, better yet, I should get them to play rolemaster! I'm sure they'd be up for that!
On the fourth of July I get scheduled to work an 8 hour shift
14 hour shifts are so dope
And I'm hungry..
Traffic flows so well around safeco i have no idea why they dont want the sonics arena around here.
Brokeback Mountain is such a good movie about gay cowboys.
I love how the Warmachine Tactics game is getting flac for it's price when that was the KS Beta price.
the same five chants, one cheer, and dance repeatedly for 5 hours. this parade is gonna be a blast! .
I refuse to read the Ann article but imagine it's filled with logical, unbiased facts &amp; a theme of inclusion
The ever reliable at its best.
Oh, you've been dating for two weeks?
Mandatory fun....is always fun
Para grandes ideas las de Piensa en el sector + gde. no + rico.
I love it when blows me off when we had plans...
Yay working the 4th !!!
Wow thats a nice american flag tank top ive never seen that before
I just love an ambiguous tweet.
I LOVE ONE PIECE TAN LINES
&amp; The Fault In Our Pechay is Trending!! AMAZING! !
4 kids puked today... what a wonderful way to start off my day
Glad we are still friends! !!...
I can't get enough of these commercials where we watch celebrities spend money.
Waiting for a maleficent sequel without maleficent.
Having a huge fistfight inside my brain to meet a deadline and not eat codeine and play the Sims. Curse you brain!
So apparently there is something happening at the blue lake in 4 weeks? Haven't quite understood from my news feed
SPECIAL OFFER: Lowes will be giving away 500,000 copies of Hillary Clinton's new book with the purchase of every 16 penny nail.
Just got off facebook, I cant believe theres no one on chat rigt now, ?!
Taking diffeq next month. Cannnooottt waiit!
Fuck that guy
Have a lot of time for ignorant people.
Back to the grind smiling
I love the convenience of delayed flights!
Glad that I bought WoW: MoP to play in once, for and hour, after waiting for it to update for 8 hours.
You sure have an obsession with racism.
Ooh. I love exams. I love research. I love sleepless nights. Oh yay!
Great. 2 months of Evander Kane talk. Lookin forward to it...
All that sleep I got has me feeling super energized!!!!
What a great week it's been so far
Maybe we should fund LSL or Sick Pay with a repayable loan. Takes the pressure off business cause they're doing it so tough.
Intimidating when a person can drink a whole cup of boiling noodles
Who made u word police? It's offensive to me so should be changed
These days instead of watching the fireworks everyone just take pictures and videos of it cuz that's so much better
I mean wow! A crowd what reacts to what happens on the pitch! Revolutionary!
That's great .!
I love the feeling of being broke three days before you even get paid
Mag stalk ng lahat ng profile ng artista.
Durant sure played like the ranked CFL player on the TSN top 50.
Of course my phone didn't charge last night.
got japan down for winning the world cup.
So Ottawa has been busy today haha
Yea.... Jimmy Johnson wins again!
Well this is going lovely
No way Gerald Green &amp; the Morrii are in top 15 of "chuckers" in the NBA. Shocking, breaking news.
Aw come on, you went to Rockport ... Much like Beeville everyone knew everyone. Couldn't have been that bad
Well done you've done it again! Only 2 carriages for a commuter time train! Impressive, give yourself a pat on the back
Still waiting for Lara Croft fitness for the Kinect and WiiU
I can't wait to see all of the DIY home made American themed high wasted denim shorts that every girl is about to make
Being forced to go church and wear red shirt to SUPPORT parents! How great!
I'm not sure I'll be able to watch a transformers movie without Shia lebeef. Magic = not there
Well that patriotism lasted long.
Taking care of drunk kids is always the best !
Good meeting Devin
Oh you know, just hanging out at the dentist. Hoping he can squeeze me in. Great way to start a Monday.
Scrolling through my timeline and all I see is 's face. Thanks ...
I like the screaming child noise they added in the background of all my music
0-0 half way through...and that score isn't unusual. Nope I have NO idea why short attention span U.S. hasn't taken to soccer.
I have a very busy schedule today, which consists of binging on True Blood &amp; visiting the Post Office, lol.
I'm so 'proud' to be going to bed the same time as my little brother and sister
Great Questions Doris.... Fucking Yuck. Just awful questions
It's been a while, I'm nervous.
Oh Cameron Ling. Can I plz have your babies?!
Mixed emotions is so what I need right now..
Right. Blame the tool &amp; not the ppl. What's needed is a change in social behavior among those doing this.
What a lovely night
Why, yes, I love to repeat myself several times in response to the same asked question over and over.
It's okay I don't like when my friends invite me to stuff anyways
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
And I guess I should consider myself lucky that remembered my birthday without me having to tell him
thunder, yess. .
Yeah bro keep honking at me in your raised truck. It makes me want to give you my numbers so fast.
Storm with 40mph wind gusts, torrential downpour, constant lightning, &amp; a power outage starting just before midnight? Brilliant.
and some ppl really save up just for their death -_-
I don't see this becoming a problem at all.
Irepand draft pick hahahahahahaha ?
Best part of my morning; My whole family waking me up at 7 when I didn't have to get up til 9.
The main even is hilarious u have three men that don't get pinned on purpose on 1 side. I wonder who will win that match
So all I have been eating are chocolate chip cookies , I'm great at diets!
MAN : Most Ashaming Noob.
Prepare yourselves for the most EPIC world cup comeback EVARRRGH !
Nothing says I love you morning than sitting on a bus watching a train go back and forth, ps thank you bus driver
Hey. Let me be your beach body coach and get you fit and in shape for summer in just 21 days!!!
In case you didn't know, the only world that exists and matters is our world of tech, programmers and geeks.
I see many and and wander how people are for . :-P
Devin has a daughter???
Did you know? They're renaming this building the William S. Burroughs Center for the arts. Grant Heart
Just in : FIFA decides to cancel Semifinal 2. Argentina and Netherlands would face Germany together instead!! :D
Soo probably working past midnight tonight.. yay!!
10 to 10 are really fun work hours
You lighten up, you big trouble, you get in the car.
Wait, what? Twitter wasn't created because the fans have all the answers for why their team isn't winning?
Well this day is getting better.
What's better than extra innings? Extra innings on the [somewhat] west coast.
Yay for bad internet and pop-ups
Love being an only child on vaca
not like i had plans today or anything but like, ok then, that's fine i guess
After watching this game, now I understand why Malaysia is still not qualified enough for the world cup. Bukanlah salah FAMB semata
Today has been a very productive day!!
Heat fans are so loyal
Rest assured, had the government known a thing about a cover up before now they'd have been pushing for an investigation earlier
Who would have thought running when's it's not 90* w/ 95% humidity would make it easier?!?
They will be partying on the streets of Cuba if Almirola wins today!...
Being friend zoned feels great
I should be a model
I can't wait to wake up at 5:30...
another beautiful day in Milwaukee!
Holiday weeks in a pharmacy are fun. ..Beer, burger, baked beans, and kinda night.
I'm going to try sweet potato maple oatmeal tomorrow.
Hidup tahu nak dengki ja. Ni lah orang melayu. Nak jadi orang korea lepas ni
Wow the ref just killed that guy. He was hit so hard I hope hes ok... may be dead. Or concussed. What a hard hit.
I need a web monkey stat.
Can't wait to go get my third permit.
Broadband speeds are amazing
How did this happen? Common sense! I ate the food! Duh!
I just know that if I ever do intend to say "ducking" autocorrect will duck up yet again...
That's not right!
luv 2 run
.of course Israeli police beat him for no reason
Verthongen uithalen!! Excellente presentatiewerk.
Midtown on a weeknight, because I love surrounding myself with people who know how to walk and don't randomly stop to take pics
can i spam the tl cause im too tired?
How great my life is.
Teachers just love teaching when it's a full moon. Especially when it's Friday the 13th.
Djourou got lost on defense? Never .... .... stellar rankings FIFA to have Switzerland in position to be seeded
...losing yay haha ...
Wow. So this is what Egypt as become. I applaud you for using that US$0.5 billion of aid for such a good cause.
As a woman, I never leave the house. Unless of course, I'm finished all the cleaning and have permission to do so.
Lots of people here today.
buying software to detect . We can now all sleep better knowing the is in good hands.
Color me shocked that there's a news story of a cult in Spring Grove
When you blow off your son for your friends.&lt;&lt;&lt;
The one time the UVA band gets on a TV promo and it's for the football opener
Hey, me again. Delays are \"up to 60 minutes\" according to GA so not long until we're on the move....
And here comes ritchie...yay
It's okay, I have just 5 medicament this morning x)
At the doctors office, about to get my staples removed. This should be fun...
That defender was frozen by that rocket shot.
Disco was class can't wait for the next one
Did you hear about the Spanish woman who was sitting quietly in the bus?
It's so loving at home.
i will have a memorable day tomorrow
Why yes, I would love to bring my scissors on vacation with me and fix your bangs.
No I saw a doctor, and talked about a sex change
What is sponsored by?
prices are the highest they've been in six years! Good thing we don't have a president or people would be pissed.
Damn ...\n\nOnly god, and people who do it in the name of god are justifiably allowed to kill people!!!\n\n
In 10 mi an hour traffic on the freeway in a thunderstorm greatest 4th of July ever yaaaay.
Another week of work, work&amp;some more work. !
Ended up doing the gym shift this morning... overcome with joy!
Its nice to see the new film move in a new direction w/a plot concerning the gov. trying to get rid of the Autobots.
Sam sex marriage ban gets struck down in Indiana. Same sex couples can start marrying immediately. There goes the neighborhood.
The really performing well to start the game
Don't you love when people say let's hang out but don't invite you. It just makes me feel so loved
Just how I wanted to start my day off, on the phone with AT&amp;T costumer service!
Glad everyone is in such a great mood in this house\n\n
Can't wait to work all day tomorrow....
Nothin beats a bum day at work than picking up your kid from daycare, only to see someone else pick up their kid in a .
Great job by getting non-bias commentators !
got chewed out 4 times in 3 hours at work already
Columbus I would guess.
Theres always that one guy... That screws it up for the rest of us... Thanks guy. Swag out.
The immense talent of Gutierrez on display again...
I love sitting at home and doing nothing on a Saturday night.
It's so good to know people still value friendship
I thought the economy was getting better
are looking great. Who was supposed to be pitching today?
It's always fun to listen to people talk about phones like their an expert and they don't know shit.
Was that not motivational enough for a retweet?
Rusev vs. Jack Swagger. Now that will bring ratings up!
Nada mejor que los comentarios de Richard Paez
I will make bomba that fucking house I swear para wala ng big winner -____-
Extreme Fishing with Robson Green comes back... Brb I have got to ad this to my recording planner best show ever!!
Money cn do anything I wish I had money would hv gt a road named after my father ...perhaps my entire family ..
I hope Steven Furtick is at convo this year.
Tomorrow's race contains 6 Cup drivers... Woo Hoo! I wonder which \"Cup\" driver will win?
Long Road trips are just so much fun.
Wow. What an absolutely WONDERFUL DAY I've had off. Love it.
Good morning to all of my fellow faggots out there.
79% of all statistics posted during Friday night are made up and 107% of those are posted by (moderately) drunk people
Give her a break guys! There is one in every corner of the world \n\n
If you were invited to the party at bat's house, u have to hang untill the end of the party.
And the Swiss come roaring back!
It's hard to overstate my satisfaction.
Cleaning - what a fun thing to do on a Saturday night!
ahh off to work..love missing out on weekends need me a 9-5 i swear
No way, you're a software engineer?!
Yay another water crysis in august! Kenot wait ^^
It's so cool that I'm stuck at work in a thunderstorm with an hour drive home
Four Months Off: a Bucket List for Luis
Also its really fucking nice to feel alone.
It's a hard life, browsing the sephora website deciding what to ask ryans american cousins to bring over..
Isnt it fun when u get to spend other's money, I reckon d government is havin the time of der lifetime right about now!
Oh goody, the neighborhood car door slamming contest has already begun and it's not even 7 am.
.Sometimes I get rebellious\nand put periods at the \nbeginning of a sentence.......\n.....yeah I'm a radical!
If I ever use a hashtag it's almost certainly !
25th anniversary dinner: McDonalds cheeseburgers and fries at 10:30 at night.\nAhhh...good times. ;)
Because going to the Dr to see if this is a stress fracture or not is EXACTLY what I want to do today.
Today is gonna be a fucking blast
As amazing as that clear liquid diet was... I'm over the moon to be starting the BRAT diet today. ...I want steak!!!
See ya, power. Didn't want your kind around here anyway...
....that's what its all about right huh...but da $$$$ reign
For someone who has there phone 24/7 you sure text back so "fast"
Ah, America... Holding women in check since 1776. Happy Independence Day, ladies!
The solution to a slow website is to add a spinner.
I JUST SAW SOMETHING TERRIBLE!!!
What an eye opener
Gonna go out on a limb and say the mets will do little to no hitting tonight , I know my guess is crazy but it's a hunch
Thanks Sam for speaking for all mothers everywhere.
What a good morning :))
Home alone with my sister's dog and laying on the couch. What an amazing 4th of July.
Oh boy, I'm in waiting room number two. How fun!
Because I love when there are screaming children in waiting rooms.
So two planes with mechanical issues for the same flight? Glad to see you keep your aircraft in top shape
There's a Melissa McCarthy movie coming out this summer? I would have never known. Why aren't they promoting this?
I love those "friends" that only talk to you when it's convenient for them.
Seriously though I can't wait to see Arcade Fire's set
Casey Anthony feels like a prisoner
can't wait to see the thots turn the flag into daisy dukes, maxi dress, etc
Seriously fucking love getting ignored
It's gotten to the point where my regular voice and my voice can't be separated.
Beckett's 1/9th of the way to his 2nd consecutive no-hitter. I think he's going to do it!
It's always refreshing when adults can set aside their egos &amp; collaborate as professionals.
The moment you know how patriotic for England to win the World Cup you're, that you fly the German flag so you know your a winner!
I love fucking things up its my hobby
so as of right now, ive guessed 7 out of 10 games right.
A special thank you to the guy who broke into my car last night and swiped my bass, gear, and medical bag.
I have to wait four more years to be the biggest soccer fan ever??!!!
Glad to see no animosity from ITV towards Uruguay, very professional.
Well done you defeated Bosnia,Iran,Nigeria,Switzerland&amp;Belgium all world class teams! You deserve it!
searching for money, I would just
i have such great friends \n
Well now I feel crappy. That was great timing!!!
So sad to hear Serena Williams loses today @ Wimbledon...
Love how the power is out while I'm getting ready for work.
Ajkl to log b nai smjhtay
Your friend is being possessed yet you complain about being touched and it being cold. Makes sense.
I bet there are people missing this game cuz they are still stuck in traffic coming from
Had an incoming email start \"Mr. Fullhart.\" I signed my return email, \"Mrs. Sunny Fullhart.\" Totally not .
Diaw for mvp
Can't wait for another few months of hearing how "The champ is here." Boy, John Cena sure is gr9
Someone just told me, he prefers to render locally, because it is free.
So I'm only getting two hours of sleep. Yay me!
I am up right now because I woke myself up just balling my eyes out... Great start to the day...
It's OK , we make poor, potentially devastating, societal shifting decisions when we're at the end of our shifts too.
Hey USA Fans, let's go to the streets now and act like uncivilized people. \n\n
Brooks not guilty? Now there's a surprise.....
Yaayyeeee. My shoes finally shipped after a month. wooohoooo.
BALOTELLI wonderful challenge....not. can't believe he misses the next game.
Now im really looking forward to the Korea vs Algeria game
States where the minimum wage was raised, are now experiencing job growth. Wonder why that was...?
Arguing with my mother again. My favorite pastime.
Brazil are so on point!!
I love it when some people try to hurt my feelings, because I don't have any.
Wow, no one saw that coming
If you are Sterling, you tell yourself this is the world cup, and I am not going to cramp now
But coming here and choosing which ever movie you want is cool too. I forgot you got your wisdom teeth out today too.
Love it when I forget that I'm lactose intolerant.. \n\n
hey even though usa lost, America can still always win it!
Yeah guys the team with 5 QB's just added another old guy named Favre.. Ha.. Hawks fans on a "Favre watch"..
So thankful for all the invites I get to hang out and stuff.....
The reports about Messi's demised were again a bit premature.
After nearly 2 yrs of hunting down suspects() We now have a low level clown-Ahmed Abu Khattala on US soil.
I totally agree Lebron has no one on his team to back him up
Not all that glitters is Gold......spain gat superb players though
Buenos diiiiiias tengan todos. Pongase truchas con el partido de Mexico-Brazil. Ya pusieron sus veladoras? Sean considerados.
Actually I knew this was gonna happen. never ceases to disappoint me.
So excited for work.
Anything I should study for this challenge exam?
\": Bad at twitter sometimes\" -- you and I are never EVER sketchy about general communication with others.
Not the best ride I've seen. Vasoni
Gotta love having stuff to do on a gorgeous day outside!
haha i have to read civ, omg this is so fun.
It's because Neymar isn't playing.
It's great how much information someone's snapchat top friends gives you
Anxiety attacks while getting ready for a party that my stupid brain has now convinced me that no one will attend are AWESOME
I really miss Facebook
Kind of a tad bit hungry...
Oh, just fabulous! I cannot fall asleep! First I was sick with the flu and now this?
...and now I remember how much fun 1st year labs are. ?
Anyone that eats a Belgian Waffle today should be tried for treason!
I just love
Wow you're so badass for not liking "mainstream" things...please can I be like you?
So glad my brother is here to read tweets out loud or I'd have no idea what's going on
. Really. .
YAY SUMMER'S HERE!!!! BRING ON THE TRIPLE DIGIT HEAT!!!!
Rough life out here... Lemme tell you!
Ah, I see Yahoo was too wrapped up in the NBA draft to bother updating their fantasy baseball leagues. Love when that happens.
Just keep reminding me. That'll do the trick.
Red puffy eyes = great night
I like blue color only in films
Am I being facetious, no I'm just being .
I'm unsure of why life likes to fuck with me but \/joy awesome day!
When a friend asks what I'm doing today, \"oh go home and cry in bed because my father left when I was a baby.\"
I love how I keep getting bug bites just sitting in my room.
Well today was totally fun.
I would have to say my favorite part about tanning is when your lower back suction cups to the bed &amp; makes a loud farting noise.
I just wanted to fix our problems. But if its not convenient right now just call back later. :-) .
Got off work at 10:30pm and get to be back there at 7:00am
Well I think Greece won
I hope that they will be happy
Our store remodel started today. 6 wks of nonstop fun!
Great birthday present from and
WTF THERE WAS A STORM LAST NIGHT?! WHY DID ABSOLUTELY NO ONE POST ABOUT IT ON TWITTER I NEED TO STAY UPDATED IN EUROPE PEOPLE!!!
Dan -pun berhasil menggaet perhatian dunia ke pemilu tahun ini.. Good Job !
Fucking amazing half of football
If I disappeared for 20 years and then I came out from my place I would ask.......
Kids had games yesterday so I haven't watched yet. Don't tell me who won.
this match is brilliant
Hey! Did Lebron go back to the Cavs?!?! Hmmm I had no idea.
Woah ! Insightful Alan Hansen
I can't believe America is 2014 years old.
weird. so it's not a straight shot to the moon. hmmm. . yesterday's experts jumping on moonshot bandwagon was worst i've seen.
kalau boikot McD. di mana tempat budak uitm nak belajar
I love learning about the lungs and how gases are exchanged so we have enough oxygen to survive :)
Btw I was not serious when I used the term \"bae\".
I love when my powers off by itself for no reason.
Fathers day pala ngayon? hahaha
Benzima,not bad for a left sided midfielder !!!
I'm really glad that I spent 5 hours researching the glue for car windshields instead of seeing the Lego Movie
If you insult me and think im not gonna come back with a remark your wrong (\/._.)\/
Que te ignore no quiere decir que no te quiera... . No te quiere.
You're so cute!! Those 2 strands of stringy hair that MUST be seen in every one of your selfies is on point!
What a great start to my morning!
UTI and vomiting my guts out. That's generally how I enjoy spending my time.
Yeah that's really a great start to my day
I love how it is like 63 degrees outside and it is literally like 85 degrees in this classroom right now!!
Not like I wanted to go with you or anything!!
So my mom tells me this morning that if I get \"physical\" with my gf I should just marry her! LMFAO!!! !
hope that helps.
Listening to jawbreaker gets me out right out of the funk I'm in
I'm at work on the 4th. And the are choking in front of another sellout. Thank god Lebron is coming back to .
That obligatory diversity hire that will produce in the coming months will fill me with sublime reverence and joy.
Look at youkyung omg so pretty!!!!
Omg Can't wait to turn 18 and for my life to stay exactly the same.
having such a great vacation guys! I never ever want to come back!! .
Roman/Harper vs Usos. This should be a great match between two teams who have never faced each other before.
Me encanta la manera en la que me reciben
Totally looking forward to spending my birthday with none of my friends. COOL.
Sulieman been just bowled a full toss
Oh joy, zee Germans are up next.
Wow! We never seen that coming
Throwing beans at the Chivas supporters? I guess this means soccer has finally "made it" in America, huh?
this is just wonderful
Enjoy the Hyderabadis, stop complaining about the perennial . They want you to revel in the late late .
Feellin a little with a Dave Eggers book in hand.
My last day off till either monday or tuesday and I'm stuck here
I watch every 4 yrs which automatically qualifies me in being an expert in the sport like the rest of u
This week just keeps getting better and better
Oh man. WOW&gt; Thanks Mr. Cummings for reminding us that LYING is indeed a CRIME. Especially UNDER OATH&gt; good show.
All the vets in the want to thank for letting his pledge to them when he was campaigning!
My day is just starting off freakin great!!!!
Well channel 4 definitely have the tact to handle such a sensitive subject.\n\n
Men like football because the priorities in football are also the biggest priorities in every man's life..Scoring and Ball Security.
I told everyone the Kings would win and are my favorite NHL team.
Just can't count on waino to get a win when you need it.
Losing tumblr followers like a boss -_-
i love being invalidated
Thanks ios... Because I really did not want to pin that at all...
Hey it's Father's Day! Thanks for the marathon....
I'm not annoyed at all
Just spending my night writing about Of Mice and Men while listening to Iggy Azalea. It's a typical night
Can't wait for the sleepy, RINO oldster in the morning, BudMan...
BREAKING: Instead of "Occupied East Jerusalem," Saeb Erekat demands Australia call it "The Biggest Yerushalayim in History"
People with tweets, Facebook statuses, and snapchat stories about getting drunk and/or high are so cool
When people converse about movies that you haven't seen yet &gt;&gt;&gt;
Outside waiting is heaven
Glad iWireless is littering Ingersol with yard signs about the free phones they are offering. Looks really nice.
how you answer foul pleading actors...
If I'm Bron, that McBob signing cements my choice to stay in MIA
Keynsham is having some drum and bass rave at the rugby club, no minimum age either, I can see that working out with no blips.
Some people are just too badass. Lol
Well today's going exactly how I planned
I'm just having an existential crisis.
Yes You Did...\n\nRT : Whatever it is, I didn't do it. \n\n\n
Rick Perry refuses to shake the President's hand, huh? That's the Republican Party in a nutshell: real mature.
I love the talks my dad gives me after I played badly
Alberta had no clue!!!
School tomorrow great
Time to play "are those fireworks or gunshots I'm hearing?" My favorite game.
Sitting here in McDonald's by myself... Having loads of fun
s\/o to he fedex guy for ringing the doorbell, making my dogs bark &amp; waking me up.
Drivers in Toronto are just amazing at signaling their lane changes
So Molly is fine disrespecting authority figures like her Mother and Anna.
What a great start to the dayy! ...
Today keeps getting better and better
When I'm running late I love getting stuck behind trains
Indians are just brilliant with RISP. One of the best in the game.
Thanks for your kind words
Wednesday is a 9-9 shift
So now Clint is going after the 1 because he had a flat tire? Makes sense
I'm just SO glad that I go to a school that now values football more than retention.
is a frnd who mkes me dun nt wanna tke anithng serious
My life is just so exciting, let me tell you.
Thanks we never knew it was a homicide.
Its great knowing you have a little brother or sister on the way that lives miles away abroad that you never will see
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
That's . Lebron played below his potential. Way too many turnovers, thats out of character for him. gotta tighten up if they gon win
That vintage box! LMBO!
Nice one Williams
I love Mondays...
i definitely didn't make a twitter just to follow and
I don't see what everyone is complaining about, Chiellini bit himself
Did the schedule come out yet?
Headache.....body ache....and it's Monday
Can't wait until swimming classes in high school..
Good to see football heading in a direction where play acting wins you matches
I am SO good at predicting tennis results...
Watching a special on the American Patriot "Ramses III" on the American Heroes Channel.
Seven cars tried to leave the Thayne parade early and interrupted it. All seven were from Utah.
There's some lovely people out today.
If Tim Murray does not sign a player in 2 minutes, that it, Fire Tim Murray, he has to go, bring back Darcy
This week is just getting better and better....NOT!
It feels like tornatic weather and I'm stuck in Target until 9:30. This will be an exceedingly fun night
Soccer is only important when 'merica is involved.
No response from ... Wonder why???
Thanks to the 2 guys walking on the road outside my house at 2:30am. You were clearly drunk, loud and woke me up.
Racism : Los Angeles "Angels" Let the have ruling over sports team names | | the racist prez
Wow, Rooney in the middle is making ALL the difference, isn't it?
What a lovely feeling
Chacon on pace to throw under 100 pitches. Can't believe that's possible with this patience lineup &lt;sigh&gt;
My summer has been soooo amazing and adventurous. I've done so many things! soak it up
If Not 4 Pepe's fro-wouldn't be a head butt- just telling him stop faking and get to f*^k up! Did heads ever really touch
So it's raining and I'm walking in it :)
Sometimes I think I need a "WARNING: " sign taped to by back
A Grand Night For Sleeping oops I mean Singing opens soon. How riveting. I love Rogers and Hammerstein.
I dunno what is going on with the referee, seems a little biased to South American companies. Fifa... corrupt? No... surely not
I love it infact
Oh and well done for going on 'that journey' we were all gripped by your magnificent 'weight loss adventure'
Nice move by van gaal
Shocking news of the day: Northern Gateway pipeline is approved. Proof that a big pile of cash can still muffle public outcry.
is giving overly excessive credit to something trivial, blowing it out of proportion and then sitting back and chuckling to self.
No sleep .. An hour drive an class will be great!
Who would've thought?
Sure am glad Americans all of the sudden like soccer when the US is winning
I may be wrong. Not sure if I heard right the 1500 times they've said it the last 24 hours..
Should we really keep calling it the if isn't watching it anymore?
Love working for minimum wage me. Such a sense of achievement when I leave work
See? You can't do it either.
\"I'd life weights if they weren't so heavy\"\n
Good luck with your 12 yr old looking boyfriend that still lives with his mommy &amp; daddy. Such an upgrade.
Thank you Aunt Flo for coming to visit during the most stressful part of my week
The "potent" and "powerful" Oriole lineup comes through again in Boston.
My mood right now couldn't be any better
Really enjoying the support here ...
Today is packing day!
Woke up feeling exhausted and nauseous. I'm either pregnant or it's just another day in paradise.
Thank you for showing me what's really up!
If u wanna argue : 1. Make sure u're not a MORON, coz if u are : Welcome my darlin' i've got my CAPS LOCK ON to kill your VIBE ; ))
everyone's " loyal &amp; honest "
There is nothing better than being the first at a company dinner by more than 15 minutes.
14 Reasons why I F**King Love India
Pigeon pie sounds delicious. NOT!
Wow, that's just fucking perfect!
An example of how to defend a free kick there from Switzerland
Life is so funny. Really.
Can't wait for work... Love seeing all the arrogant people walking round covered in their yes badges and all that crap
I love sitting around, doing nothing while I wait for tourists to check out!
If you scared to face your current financial reality...just ignore it and it will get better.
\": inspiring to read.\"
Hope LeBron remembers to perform according to patriarchal standards tonight &amp; not show pain/vulnerability!
Omg. Like yall are soo perf yall should just get married already, yall are just Totes perfect! Soo totally perfect.
They did it!! They did it!! Wow! Brasil what a performance!
I feel sorry for other countries that don't have July 4th. How weird would that be to skip from the 3rd to the 5th?
Gotta go to the dr tomorrow at 11:00.... But I gotta be up by 8:00.... Yay
LBJ is working out in Miami and drinking juice....but I thought he was returning to Cleveland?!
After a long night and a long morning... I get to do how of homework
No more bullshit please?!Thank you!
your decisions are just pristine
Thank you for making it so cord-cutters can no longer watch the final matches.
Sure hope my purple button up flannel didn't look like I was \"asking for it\"
Oh your WCW is your girlfriend? I would have never guessed! Please post about it more!
my life just keeps getting better and better
\": All my friends = fucking assholes\" , gee, thanks -.-
Used to be close w\/ my mom but since I've turned 18 shes just fucken ridiculous .
that makes me feel wonderful
'NO time wasters as I have NO time to waste!!!!' Angry grindr man. Might be worth a woof. ()
Well that's just nice, a cigarette in between a pile of books on a cart.
Oh look Ambrose is back..SHOCKING
Yea Mexico sucks.
I am absolutely Shocked that won the Redbud 300 !!!!
I love people that drop conversation
Asked you a question and no response? that's cool
A poner ''Like y...'', para que me sienta amada :)))
those who count as a language they speak are pretty smart.
just watched Child's Play and i'm watching 2 &amp; 3 tomorrow and wednesday, assuming i can sleep
1st day of summer school. I'm so excited!
My brother is with his friends in his room face timing little girls....he's a stud let me tell ya lmao
I missed seeing Rosenberg giving up home runs.
I'm outraged! Ginobili was kissing his wife! Nobody wants to see that. There are kids watching
Love it when my family are together and do nothing but moan at me for doing everything wrong makes me feel great!!!
Suarez - next time don't bite, just kick his back down - FIFA is OK with it :-) Get Well Soon Neymar
If this dog doesn't shut up whilst I'm watching I'll wrip it's bastard balls out!
I love it that distant family members call all the time so see how we're doing, NOT JUST WHEN THEY FUCKING NEED A FAVOR!!!!!\n
Tanner Glass was very bitter about his ice-time in playoffs, can you blame the guy. He could of been the diff maker
I love cleaning in the dark.
Drug tests and then denying people payment will surely solve that problem.
Keiran Richardson is yet another quality addition following Senderos &amp; Joe Cole
So thankful I can work with all these homophobes today!
Recognized by a total stranger in dunkin donuts because of the school website
Qadri sahb aa to rahey hain, return ticket kb ka hai??
I THINK ITS SO COOL HOW UR LIKE 12 &amp; ALWAYS POST THINGS ABOUT HOW FUCKED UP UR GETTING!
Ask me stupid questions you get bitchy answers.
Messi! So good he can force the enemy to score own goals at will!
Finally, wins. What a game, what a game.
HAHA so funny!
another brilliant half by &amp; \n\nthe blame falls on these 2\n'veBeenBenched
Straight after CFA training today we drove to the mother in laws to catch up. Now we're staying the night. Yay.
If sky seems pink instead of blue then don't think that you are in love , you are certainly on planet mars
Getting on a bus full of school kids is just great
You should be more ashamed of the things you didnt say than the things you said
I'm sure if Hobby Lobby's religious objections were founded in Islamic beliefs the court would have ruled exactly the same.
Poor Wade &amp; Bron Bron...they make a shit ton of money playing a game...but the media is just so mean...
25m for Lallana bargain that
First day of and it's 42 degrees when I wake up. I love weather.
A murder just happened next door to my work, I'm so excited to go in today!
Ouch! I've got a paper cut in between my thumb and index finger :-( stings like a bitch. It's so dangerous working in an office
Lucky me. Got stuck on a bridge waiting for Obama's 23 vehicle motorcade to pass by.
Why to change the remote batteries when you can just slap the shit out of remote and make it work
wow i LOVE what thyroid meds do to my hair!
Nothing like watching drug deals in open sight as I get my coffee.
The way you don't reply makes me melt on the inside
Good save romo....
Shrewd move by the Mets, meeting league-mandatory Tommy John quotas with a player whose service time clock hasn't started.
My feet hurts like hell! Oh well I love being a nurse!! And I know the Philippime Government feels the same way to nurses!!
Once again, a Canadian comes to California and takes a job away from an American. must be pleased.
The only fact about is that it doesn't actually kill people. :/
Love it when Im scrolling on the Twitter app and end up favoriting a bunch of random tweets.
Just because your online account says "will process as autopay" for a year now, doesn't mean it will.
Yeah let me just tell you that I'm ecstatic what happened tonight.
When u can talk about,even joke about misfortune,oft portrayed as , ur on ur way2healing.Face,Replace,Embrace,Erase lighten up
Welcome to twitter , follow me for live tweeting of acts of espionage.
Luis Suarez banned for 9 matches &amp; 4 months from all football activity 4 biting...Fifa setting a good example to all
I just love talking to myself -_____-
Oh my god speak louder will you
Really super duper fun stuff I got to do today: clean up a whole slew of cat vomit and diarrhea.
*Who couldnt love wall-balls on a Monday?*
Hooray, yet another meltdown by the White Sox bullpen! I love when they do that.
What? In order 2 B friends I gotta have u on my Fb Friends list? OMFG! How dare I forget that FB defines true friendship!?
Oh no, they've put up a sign.
What a great guy, that Chan.
Breaking out when i stress is my fave
Thanks mrs.cure for teaching me French without you I would be hopeless here in canada haha
Sometimes...it's so fun to live at home
7-1 now we have a game on our hands, this could go either way now
My day just keeps getting better...
Today I got a little tan... :D
So sad to see Mexico go down in such gut-wrenching fashion
A film about desperate people eating babies. Hilarious.
Yay, EA UFC.
Eaves walks and signs in Dallas.. This Jarnkrok guy had better pan out, or Leggy pulls a Klein. %ROI ()
Now that we've made a model out of a criminal, let's get back to work and making life beautiful.
So 30m for a guy who can't get ahead of Welbeck into the starting XI? No thanks.
Rooney bossing the game
Glad our state is focused on the REAL issues!
Surely the 2 HR this week helped?
Work is gonna be so fun tonight
is my second favorite "asm"
CR main eh xd?? Yg aku nampak Nani, dengan Eder jer bnyk pegang bola. Tak tahulaa kalau orang lain ada nampak CR main td
Hodgson will go back to hotel room, take a couple of Viagra's and wank silly over a framed pic of Fergie
Only thing this World Cup is missing is Gus Johnson. Dude is up there with
I'm in the ER in BDF.. Seems clean..
Dear Child Toy Makers -
So we've heard LeBron's got options, &amp; Bosh has Rockets' attn, but nobody's checking for Wade?! This is outrageous!
Fuuuuuun times this am. Thanks fb.\n
. Why wasn't he starting? v.
Apparently my first band cancelled yesterday....good to know.
I went to a Congressional testimony today and a Senate Republican actually said \"Thanks Obama\"
At least A's players stick around after getting a pie in the face.
Up at 7 and starting work at 8. Loving that
my mum:really?! why? you do know you'll have it for the rest of your life, right?
So like while everyone is on holiday I'm stuck writing exams. Wonderful
...Yeah! Quite fun to hear !!...": Phrases like 'set to sign' are fun aren't they? Man Utd are SET TO SIGN some player...
Love liars loads me!
\nToday is the biggest decision in my entire summer. Alice or Skyrim
CITY ruining football since 2008
15 hour drive to Tennessee...
My comes in 3 levels:\n1) \n2) Insults\n3) Inappropriate sexual
Yup that's cool just snapchat my story a pic of your weed.
Talking about babies is my favorite thing.
I kept watching a show I'm not that into, but there's nothing else on and I'm bored. it's awesome being this smart!
I wonder if clouds ever look down on us and think...
I apologize for the retweets and tweets if you don't care about the World Cup.
LOL! ? Wow! Look who's back? ": hahaha....very funny "
Golf today anyone?
Are Uruguay resting Suarez do you think?
Really love that my overweight coworker eats 5/8 hours of her shift and I get to stare at her all day..
I may switch my allegiance to based entirely on van Persie's celebratory flying leap.
Been without power since 10:30pm. This should make getting ready for work in the morning a real breeze.
Honestly, why do people have cell phones if they never answer them? If you have a cell you're not supposed to have \"alone\" time.
Gosh I just love having fuckin asthma \n
PSA: Grace and Eldin are back on and Anne had never been happier
Watching Criminal Minds &amp; catching up on Twitter. Did Rossi REALLY just say "Do you need a hug?" to some local agent? Holy , Batman.
Dear Child Toy Makers - \nPlease make more tiny accessory pieces. I need a sense of accomplishment when I find them.
Back at it
Torromow is going to be greaaaaaaatttttt......
I haven't seen Germany destroy a country like this since WW2
Oh look kelly kelly....i mean Alexa Bliss! how on earth could u confuse them!? ()
lol shout out to Black Ops Bmx for making quality parts
It's not scary at all that fireworks are going off 20 yards from my window....
So this is just a guess, but Germany might win this
Mmmmm wonder who the BBC are hoping to win here
Love it when the mixer dies and I have knead the croissant fought by hand
yes please tell us your name one more time, I'm sure there are still some who don't know it
they know that is stupid &amp; ridiculous for allowing ppl to pick up their badges days in advance.
About to shoot a scene in a keg fridge with and .
Nothing is more discouraging than unappreciated . \n
\"M1 southbound is slow this morning\" Really?!?! Thanks for the update!
I miss the bike i never had
Thanks madre, calling me fat really made my day better. Your snobby attitude is making this stressful day soooo much better
Guys, Dempsey is so bad that's why he moved the MLS didn't you know that???
Was half way to the store when I realized I forgot my sunglasses
I'm away from a TV right now...anybody know what they're talking about on right now?\n
wait, ppl are still talking about ? oh ok, just checking. How bout that Beyonce performance, or nah? lol
Palestinian killed 1 Israeli soldier while they have 100 civilians dead! Wow Palestinians are so inhumane...
Woke up to a text from my father. What a wonderful way to start my day...
Yes Rick Horton, everybody does make as much money as you do so we can afford those prize packs!
National Society - Like we need your support.
must be nice being a part time parent.
Today just keeps getting fucking better and better
aaaaaaaand here comes the cramps! *great* I wanna go home &amp; hybernater= my form of sleep
Got up at 3am.
I'm going to have the most amazing tan line in tomorrow's parade.
Que HERMOSO cuando el Face comienza a fallar de lo lindo en momentos de trabajo...
Home alone, hungry and bored
aaah pero que dolor me dan unfollow :( xD
Time for my absolute favourite closing shift!
A theist running away instead of addressing my points?
I love getting let down
Looking forward to watching its the best england are going to play this summer ;) bring on world cup :)
It's beautiful outside.
Woman talking about how she's going to cry if she doesn't purchase a particular item from the store at H&amp;M...Oh it's such a crisis!
Yay! I put in the minimal effort required to get the certificate that everyone is expected to get! Go me!
Oh ok. That character died
I can only please one person a day. Today is not your day.Tomorrow doesen't look good either.
wala na ngang ticket, natalo pa miami at san mig coffee ansaya hahaha kim apir tayo!
Some people never cease to amaze me
Wide awake at 4 am.... Lemme tell ya, is a blast...
First water break in World Cup history...wow mark it in the book folks!
Don't all start replying at once.
I like how my phone works at night PERFECT
This day is going by so fast
It's fun pushing everyone away
Thankyou for the support today means alot
Yes! Three more speed bumps in my apartment complex! That's exactly what we needed.
Don't you just love it when your usual spot in the park is crowded by drug dealers?
I can't express how much I love waiting at the airport!
-But I thought it was to make all students career and college ready.
I'M SO STARTLED
Dengan retweet saya telah selamatkan satu nyawa diPalestin.
Another wonderful night in the Spychalski house hold...
That 'I might not be the smartest person in the world' moment,then slowly sum1 turns to u &amp; says 'An u show don't look like either'
Damn, so because I'm not skinny I don't know how to bathe properly? FML
WOW. Channel 9, WOW. Nice Ads insert there.
Being so angry that you can't go back to sleep is some good stuff\n\n
Ah facebook, you suck. Mark a business page of mine as not a business &amp; when I try to fix it, give me an error message
It's cool though I mean it's not like I wanted to talk to you today anyways
Tons of paperwork to do.. Yayyy..
The best thing about setting up facebook login integration for your site is the debugging
If only had the legend Pinto as their keeper......
WOOOO I cannot tell you how amazing the government is. They kindly postponed my jury duty to August 25 instead of cancel.
I'm so sore, I feel sick. I love PT with Sgt Knott.
Good thing I'm well rested for this interview!
Mom thanks for waking me up at 7:15. Uta a Good thing i didnt sleeping too much on a Saturday in Summer
Wow what a huge reaction for the Miz...
Thanks justice system for being awesome and fair.
Check out my new video!
Well, goodnight to my 1 dozen followers. lol im so famous.. its overwhelming.
When is "The Decision part 2"? The suspense is killing me!
.the trick for partisan click-bait; take a noun and make it Hitler
Ah yes. Nothing beats having to rush to get a train on time only to find out they would've waited anyway.
The only man who can save Brazil! But he is far far away
being forced to watch the football because I don't want to walk home alone
We need more venture capitalists to be telling our young people what they should be doing with their time.
Yeah guy.... keep packin on that colonge and puffin on them cigs. You smell fantastic!
Sonny is going to kill her after she gives birth. He's such a charming hero.
Love being the outcast
Check out our super awesome cool totally rad and insanley bloody brilliant and bangin' promo video:
About to go workout. Yay running!
Cut the wrestling team!
I *would* go to Ikea, but I don't need any furniture...
I would just personally like to thank Eve!...Am I right ladies?!()
So I finally watched the modern classic Ragini MMS 2 ... it's pretty hilarious!!
Fantastic quality from
Great finish Nigeria
Next big innovation on a smartphone higher megapixels on the camera wow!
Thanks for being supportive
My hair loves the humidity
Golfing today with and
waiting in line to get an emissions test
You'll be surprised how so many people wana see your downfall look#
Ohh.. Sky is telling us what has previously happened. That's new.
I'm glad we've all learned that patience with lebron and free agency is a must.Because none of you are acting like u did 4 years ago
Today is a loooovelyyy day
Oh shit penalty kicks. Is it like Fifa where we don't count penalty kicks and play another game
lookin forward to exams
I already don't have a participating father nd now my mum got a divorce from my stepfather. Father's day is lookin good
So I guess it's a foregone conclusion that LeBron is leaving MIA.
Congrats 2Buffalo Schools 4getting grad rates to 56%. On a related note, Its only slightly higher then Shaq's Free Throw % if 53.
Spending a whole day with lawyers = loads of fun!
I can't think of anything I'd rather be doing tonight than writing this 7 page paper.
Loved the eyeroll from the attendant at gate C25 before she gave me the worst seats possible. Glad I got here early!
oh wow so exciting, zero goals scored in 2 hours of playing
Omg I'm so sorry Spoiled rich girl cause you gonna hafta wait 5 more seconds for me to clear the intersection.
It's always a good day when your check engine light comes on...not.
floored by 's proposal to the british muslims... WOW, sir, so smart. and fair.
So, is anyone going to criticize Dave Rose because he didn't have a player drafted this year?
Greg Oden has played in a Finals game. 2007 draft living up to expectations!
What a night. Can't wait to see what happens next
Yalla 4 more to go
Nice to see Rooney has stepped up.....
Dammit, Hanigan! pay you to be PERFECT gunning guys down! Didn't you know you have to be PERFECT???
Largest heat lead this series.. 4-0
That's going to be $28 million well spent, given the number of people that go downtown.
When Justin Bieber spit on me! Oh he is such a sweetheart and has respect for all his fans!
Nothing makes me feel safer than a small group of people having control over 100% of the guns.
The only place wer u can get Shaniwar waada and maruti mandir in 10 and 15 bucks.. .. HEHEHE!!!\n
First half of USA vs Germany was REALLY exciting I'm going to the gym. I just can't get into soccer
Stepping on a used condom in the alley while trying to take the trash out, is a great way to start your Monday.
Taking a shower then going mudding was probably the best idea I ever had
Starting summer algebra 2 today, because that's something exciting to do with summer, right?
Wow. This is gonna be a fun night.
My always gets me in trouble. Its not my fault people are idiots and cant comprehend
He's steppin up big when we need him Tim Cone referrin to the ref. Oh, he was talkin abt James Yap? My bad.
Yessss, minimum wage goes up tomorrow! Good thing I work 2hrs/week :)))
Every indication suggests today will be sunny and warm. Just great! I'll be under this rock over here.
\"I predict a very quiet 50th birthday in my future.\"\n
The owners always look so thrilled when they watch their teams play
Good to see members preparing for their strike... By being on their 2nd round of Jaegerbombs at quarter to 8
\": Finish this sentence: I take AP because _______. \"\nI like crying at night
I'm so sick that I should stay home, but I'm headed to work.
I love my phone so much!
I don't try to be sexy, sexy tries to be me :)
How bout that Layla\/Summer Rae match huh guys? Really great stuff, super glad I saw that match
I forgot to mention that I had a dream about my ex and we were showering together.......not awkward at all
Girls standards are getting ridiculous. Damn.
Josh Gordon, now there's a guy who really gets it.
and some drivers have worse luck
Some thought provoking storylines and powerful acting in tonight
Tim Howard can't save anything gosh he sucks
Thank you for rubbing it in my face that I have nobody and not even my parents give a fuck about me.
my favorite thing is probably when i close at 6 and golfers take their sweet time to come pay their tab
I just love how my parents like to make me get up and do things instead of eating and watching Netflix.
Do not regret growing older... it's a privilege denied to many...
Buzzin for a weekend full of work!!
I really don't like people been towards me, yet I'm extremely myself
Boy that was some exciting action there on the cut out to commercial break...
Excellent start to Bike to Work Week: .
I'm flattered. Sherlock Holmes finds my pants /fabulous/. How charming.
At AllStars\nPerson 1: I would love to see Luke Shaw come on for abit\n Person 2: Are you 'Shaw'?
hey thanks for raising your rate in Canada. Awesome.
Yay sucky words.
Well it's been a nice week and a half having a normal sleeping pattern.... Back to no sleep it seems
Love cancelled flights!
I think calling murderers murderers is racist
Oh man abortion is bad god won't love you for killing a child but he will forgive you and then love you again!
What's better than being called "The Sloucher" by some boy you barely know?
This is actually the best fricken day ever
I really do think it's only a matter of time until people have personal, armed drones with them. and all that.\n?
Did Gary Ablett get injured on the weekend? What happened? Must've missed it cos there's been no coverage what so ever on him. FFS
4 separate players for phx have stopped moving in the middle of play to bitch to officials! What a great example of teamwork!
My cell phone reception is so good right now.
Obviously going to apply for the next great baker
We're getting a new housemate tonight. Good thing I'm in the best mood
Finally about to watch highlights of yesterdays game.......did I miss much?
\": Learn or DIE\" your new school's motto
Gotta work 4-10 tonight! Oh joy!
Good for the city for realizing that ppl who live outside of the city centre don't deserve public transit.
I just love being guilt tripped for no reason.
It's really a shame women aren't visual.
.well aren't you just the elite looking sports expert right now
Wow a noel hunt hatrick already! This team must be shocking ha! Even Morrison scored hahaha!
Fuck school loans. I love being punished for being middle-class.
Jajajajajajajajajajaja, pero que clase centro, :O
The modify boats &amp; motors are just a touch too loud....
Coding makes my life so much interesting
Cueto is a beast
Getting hella turnt at this party rn..
Can you be anymore original?
I totally love it when I get no response. Makes me feel great.
What's a national holiday when you work in food&amp;beverage? Just another day at work.
Now we just get to wait forever for the next season yay...
\": time ak tny tu ak ad semai benih cili. Td dah berbuah dh zaty. Haha. \" hahahahahaha! maaf maaf
95% humidity today.. I'm glad I dig holes
Yay I come home and get to try &amp; figure out why there's no connection to the email server!!
This is going to be good, real good.
I need to hashtag
Got sun stroke
Was going to tweet happy Father's Day to the ol boy, but I decided to just tell him instead
, because beating the shit out of people is illegal
I can't wait to be up and at em at 3:30 am!
Racist white cops.
Gee thanks for the invite.
Shockingly...No POV Ceremony. It's MONDAY MORNING people...
Vanek hasn't signed yet... Argh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watching RHS Hampton Court on bbc2. Talking about decline of hedgehogs. No mention of badgers. Odd that, coming from the BBC.
So Suarez's departure is paving the way for Bony? I thought being in the Champs Lge attracts world beating footballers.
Aur na he kuch samjh ata hai unhai..
Kawhi Leonard will be better than Jordan
Who wants to go swimming?
Hooray for separation of Church and State
Oh, cross-device/cross-browser development, I love you so... You make my life so easy!
thank you dad for your ongoing support
I can't wait for lunch. Today I'm having the same dog food that I've had everyday for 8 years.
((I think Ex-Factor is a good song to add to the playlist for SLs...yup *nods lots*
''Our potatoes are farm grown'' Oh really I thought they were made in a factory?
.I love his focus on the young men whose lives will be \"blighted\"
Happy Father's Day dad. Thanks for not being there, ever. I'm so happy that you left my mom 6 months pregnant.
I see Barcelona bound Will 'best player in the universe' Hughes has signed a new deal at most over rated player ever!
Apparently I'm too abrasive and mean. That's a good self esteem boost today.
My mom smoked during her pregnancy. I read some documentaries... I'm lucky to be here right now making this tweet
Y ahora llego el momento... Voy a averiguar para rendir una materia! Me quedan 16 nomas. Lo que hace el amor
Trouble with the broadcast audio again? I'm in shock.
Non stop sneezing
Oh boy my dead nail finally fell off, and we were getting so close :(
Can't tell you how overjoyed I am that Valencia has signed a new deal
Gotta wake up in 3 hrs...who needs sleep?...
Pinch of wit &amp; a dash of &amp;&amp; you got it lol
Today has just been so great!!
I'll say it once and I'll say it again I love being lied to.
Hey, hi. I'm here to look pretty and insult your intelligence. [insert something insulting to your intelligence and hairflip here]
What a nice day for racing
3-4 hours sleep coz body decided it wanted to wake up and not go back to sleep. 8+ hours shift here i come
The dismantling of a once envied organization the continues by what a great owner!
Legitimately been a sick Friday
Somebdy tell me wht twatching is cause i thought wen u scroll dwn ur timeline u watchin everybdy tweet.....
ughhhh $400 ticket.... money well spent....
C'mon Portugal. You've still got a chance! Because \"CR7\" is god!
your so country they should name a dirt road after you.....
Well and good thing you called the race due to rain, it was getting late and no lights at the track either.
All has going for them is great and apparently winning soccer teams! Where the hell is Belgium?
Getting 2 hours of sleep today
I'm glad I never get fussed at.
Omg I didn't knew Devin had a daughter
UP FOR ORIENTATION!! YAY!!
Well this makes for a joyous day.
I just love to go get my oil change and the guy starts to hit on me. It just makes my day.
So apparently my cousin who was like a big brother to me got in an accident this morning? Great. Fantastic.
YAY FOR GETTING AN HOUR OF SLEEP!! 1-2:30 been up since! Woo!
Some people are going way too hard this summer. I just don't understand teenagers these days! Like, turn down for what?!?!
with\nis a deadly combo for ur\nShort tempered Enemies
My luck is just impeccable
oh yes i love when you screw my sccount up!! yayayaya
Just how many bins can the PSG owners look in for that receipt...
I like saying bitchy things in creative ways that make you feel complimented while I'm laughing on the inside.
What a great night this was
Can't believe Hit &amp; Run played . They must hate the
When you in Egypt, do as the Egyptians do.
Out of the blue i got meeting tomorrow coz boss knows i'll be away..thanks boss
Aysia is making a "bad name" for the BAD girls on the BAD girls club. No...I totally get it Britt. I do LMFAO
Awesome team, Costa Rica. Greece totally didn't deserve this.
I just feel you pushing me away the more I hear thank you for it
If you would ever like to meet a perfect person, I will gladly introduce you to my Father.
Rooney is truly a class player boy..probably the best game I've seen from him...
I sure love feeling out of the loop!!!
Burning my ear with my straighter was the highlight of my morning
Everyone's invented everything nowadays like they know how it works, also everyone's a GM of every single sport team.
My dad is sooooooo supportive!
I'm gonna be celebrating Independence Day by working a full 8 hours tomorrow
thank you rain for shrinking up my hair.
Hey guys... did you know I love it when people ignore me :) I don't know what it is
That phase came much later in 2013, so this year's saga is really shaping up to be a barn burner, folks. Whoa nelly!
Boy's tweet got only single favourite
Woow, Spain is sooo proud to be singing their anthem lemme tell you...
Top pick $ACRX +8% from trigger yesterday, but doesn't count because of low volume... !
Hahahahaha!! XD \nAnd people think you're a good person.\n
Lets sneeze 50x's today cuz I feel like it
You should trust informational graphics that are passed around Twitter. Especially the ones about politics.
With a DM, no less. ": I think it's so cute when people thank you for following them. "
My demons are calling me saint.
Shoutout the hoes that want blunts and zanax
Soup...it does a body good.
Why won't Repubs investigate &amp; expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
Looks like they have found their new left fielder?!?
Very limited power at work. Luckily the freezer and cooler didn't come back up, so we get to scan and throw everything away.
Me: You need to love me because I'm special.
For everything I ever tweet for future reference:
Love it when our downstairs neighbor uses codfish in their meals.
Is it just me or does Derrick spend a lot of time in Pickens County?
Ahh, my mom's side of the family once again makes me proud.
How awesome is it that my 12 year old sister has 3 pairs of miss me jeans and I have 1 pair!
Obligatory post about NBA Free Agency because I know everything there is to know about basketball.
Can't think of a better way to start off my morning than with a blood test at memorial hospital :/
Brilliant work signal lasted for a whole hour that time! Keep up the good work
It's really nice being that person that people call when they have nothing else to do
Thank you Amazon, for leaving my package on the apt's front steps on one of the city's busiest streets. How very thoughtful of you.
Contemplating making a small for my . Something fun and easy. Self marketing is fun!
Well, that's a good way to wake up.
I'm glad I didn't wanna spend time with you before I went to work.
I wasted 6 months on a Guy that could care less about me. Haha its a fantastic feeling.
WAAAA HOU LENG OH
My guidelines for avoiding
Woke up annoyed...should be a fun day
Hopefully the US can parlay this national pride into support for more ground troops in Iraq
When an episode's thumbnail image is Maggie sitting on a coach with Daniel, you know it's going to be riveting.
So excited for the third round of core today
Yes please, opening mock my life, my boyfriend, and my body. That makes me really enjoy home.
My July 4th will consent of a module report, homework, two test to study for, and of course eating at some point....can't wait!
going home!! Sad
Driving, watching fireworks. What a great 4th.
Its nice to know that people care about me
You'd be surprised how few cars there are at the library today.
Thank you for putting the under pressure once again Oh the joys of our country
And Ricardo Costa is a game-changer, no doubt.
Congrats to all the CWU grads. you're welcome for all the keg stands. Come to [the pub] and do some more.
I take the "L" and "R" on my headphones way too seriously.
Ngebut materi sampai begok.Bermodalkan nekat dan ilmu yg apa adanya,menyenangkan dan tanpa beban.
big day later
Topped yesterday's record of consecutive injuries in a matter of minutes!
Wow. That response was unbearable.
Ah, that beautiful moment that you spill freshly-off-the stove soup all over yourself...
Imagine me giving a shit.
wonder who's gonna win...
If you're from Michigan and you love the Heat chances are you have been their fan from a young age
Do I sense a comeback?!
Thanks, ! My credit was too good anyways. I'm glad that I set up auto-debit and then you penalize me for "late payment."
This drive to Lubbock is the best!
When it's a deal that all of your textbooks for one semester cost $120 :^)
Tell me if Im wrong. But it was the Taliban who aided and harbored Al Qaeda right
I wonder if anything will explode?
Back up to 24 followers.
Yaaaay! Flyers fans chime in!!
Hope u Chelsea fans are enjoyin your Diego Costa looks a real player doesn't he?
OH AND HEY IT LOOKS PRETTY FUCKING SIMILAR TO THAT ALPHA GAMEPLAY WE SAW! HAHAH I know right! ...
Cody in the shower lol
Oh, that's... interesting. - a woman's reaction to my name.
seeing transformers in 3D chances of motion sickness and projectile vomit very high
This weekend was fun
Love how no one in Mater can flush a toilet
chillin w my cat on the couch @ 1am
Cleveland should ABSOLUTELY welcome back the hero who rejected them, no?
Thank goodness kids won't be exposed to kids smoking while watching a guy fight demons.
Need to go on holiday with beckhams mate, 'call the travel agents going back for a month'
never had a poorly back, until now!! my spine is frigged! all day on my feet? can't wait...
up 6-1. Esky with 4 rbi, but he's not an all star
i love the doctor so much that im visting them again today
Hahaha gotta love fake bitches
oh, im so sad Neymar is out of the WC.
Some day should come with a warning label "Today sucks.Bring Alcohol"
Bos ni...tulaaaa masa aku ajar takmau fokus betul2, ak da benti keje baru nk tehegeh2 call, so i silent the fone..ahahahha
Germany makes fun of before game. Making fun about America being obese and in debt. And........
Not sure if everyone has heard, but Labron James signed with Cleveland
I just love getting home unpacking and having to pack again!
Great. Now theyre singing Que Sera. Almost like theyre expecting failure.
If you offer to take me out of myself, I'll want to know where we're going\n\n
My life is just filled with awkward moments. lucky me ..
The guy that tries to play smarter than the rest always does well in Toronto. Anthopolous, Burke etc.
I'm glad Miami puts up a fight.
Well this summer has been super fun so far..
Tied 2-2, need a pitcher who can throw strikes and get you to extras, Francona calls for Axford. Seems logical
i don't know if is just a habit or I'm just naturally a bitch
It's good that our prime minster essentially wrote an islamaphobic (is that a word?) address in a shitty right wing newspaper. .
Tomorrow's race contains 6 Cup drivers... Woo Hoo! I wonder which "Cup" driver will win?
how do people deal with my Niall snaps ....
Some times I make really good excuses...
Lol your cool
soooooooo this new iOS7 update is taking forever......thanks Apple
Instead of sleeping, like I should be, I'm curled up with feelings of nausea. Woo!
Don't unfollow me! These will be classics! Your great-great grandchildren will marvel that you followed me on Twitter!
Love when my boyfriend is being a dick
Other country's should be glad we are out the world cup because we would of won this easy
I've not done soft tissue work for about 6 months. Might explain why I'm always injured
wow totally did NOT expect for Tybalt to start this fight
I love the sense of personal space in walkways here at the gym today.
The worked hard in this series and deserve to be the
So you think I'm a smart ass but my brain is smarter then my ass
What a wonderful night I'm having
My ISP has once again shown how professional they really are.
i would like to thank the euro for being high when i was converting from canadian and of course, now low, when i'm converting back.
Well this is a very great day! Woohoo!!!! I'm the most happy kid in the world at it's finest
And the Internet shits itself. Thanks, AT&amp;T!
Missed the Rica Test by 12 lousy points! Gotta take that beast again. The hoops teachers have to jump through in Cali are Awesome!!
Good job, can I get a round of applause over here?
gee, i wonder if they're gonna talk about the halo tv series... excited...
Yeah.. i did go to church;but i think i slept from 7.00hrs till late. okay,thanks
Thanks for inviting me guys...
, the irony an calling someone else an
Just love having car problems.
When people ask a dumb question, I feel that it's my duty to give a answer
Who'd have thought v. would involve red cards and discipline issues?
Twitter is better than any weather App. iut there!!! Had no clue it was storming out!
And he told her \"oh baby you have. A great future behind you\"
Can't wait to see how much the store charges for shipping to Mexico.
You got a very RESPECTABLE Username .
fans should be excited about the Felton staying out of jail news.....
Melo chooses money over winning
Well done the Sun. With all the war and banks robbing us blind you decided that 'girl sucks cocks in Magaluf' is front page news.
is an important lens to view things through if one wishes to be critical, successful, and make changes.
Good D Mario! Way to defend the inbound at the end of the 3rd.
Typing up resumes are always fun.
Another flare up .. Gees I didn't see that coming
A possible broken toe and a sprained foot. There's no better way to end a day -_-
I think my Mum is getting dementia. She doesn't recognize her native tongue anymore!\nWhich is
I'm really surprised that this \"Sound Designer -- Relocate to Saudi Arabia\" job persists in not being snatched up.
Check at 8a! Helping all of you struggling to get through this long wk haha I'll be on at 9a
I had seen better than it before..*smirk* \n
I'm such a great person!
YOU'RE SUCH A WINNER.
Wow you're such a great friend.
The weather here in NIJLEN Belgium is so beautiful everyone is burned
Well thank you rain... That was fun!
Didnt see that one coming, Lebron
Forgot how good the acting in is.
A shit team being thrashed. Shocking
I love it when I get to wake up to the lovely sound of jackhammers outside my window.
Who needs friends anyways?
Girl :i want long hair like u! How do u have long hair?
God I love it when Tennis is on ESPN
I love how national pride means bashing our president
note the there..
What are you doing today....let me guess a BBQ and fireworks
I just looooove riding in a car with people who don't know what good music is
Make "how clean someone's desk is" a metric for . Tidy scientists are better scientists - better than h-index.
Oh, , how I've missed you after a week's vacation....
This is ridiculous. No cell service for almost 12 hours now. Good thing I don't have a job where my cell phone is important........
Even australia has score more than spain and conceded less. I'll bet on australia to beat them to win best loser
I just love coming home to bad news
70 years ago, Germany and USA were fighting on a different kind of pitch. It was called WWII.
well that came out of nowhere
NO WAY the Detroit police found a body!!!!! I am so shocked!!!
Edmonton must've REALLY liked what they saw from Pouliot...also safe to say that Zucc &amp; Brass didn't help Benny's success....
This will be Derek Jeter's final game as a 39 year old -Yankees Announcers
napaka bilis ng internet hooray
I will now hate on Kawhi... because he took an MVP from Boris. BORIS?!
I'm glad my house has a sturdy basement I can go into if a tornado hits
I've been crying for the past hour. Thanks !
Can't wait to kiss under the fireworks.
nice to see the same courtesy in return
Bryson leaving for pittance? No major signings? Never mind, are releasing a new kit tomorrow. That makes up for it
Reading what you like and what suits your ideas, then calling yourself "a truth seeker"
I absolutely love it when you turn on a non-HD channel, even though it's in HD one click higher.
Boy i hope they make more shows about cops and doctors, their just inst enough out there.
No woman has ever been abusive, homicidal or unkind! Plus, humans can TOTALLY reproduce without men!
Tony Stewart was trying to congratulate Kyle Larson on the new baby, calm down.
It's July. I thought there would be trades in July.
Spectacular play by Jeff Cameron in that first half
Working in customer service is cool. I get to meet the retards of America sometimes. That's very rare.
Oh wow! Thank you Facebook! Without you, I don't think I would have ever known my brother's birthday was today!
Dear - have to applaud your delivery efforts!!!
Planned productivity &amp; votes in US House this week: Renaming post offices &amp; govt buildings. Now that's important huh?
Johnny Miller uses the word "pressure" every 7 seven words?
Bloody Hockaday, helping to show good players like Peltier the door.........clubs a shambles!..........
Great, i might of fractured my toe, only i could do this while i was walking down the stairs
Love the humility of Julius Randle.
Yes family. Pls break down the front door when entering the house. Chris, keep yelling on the phone. Yep. Just like we rehearsed.
Life just keeps getting better.
Nothin better than bein called out to work at 11:30!!
Because mocking religion and another person's lifestyle makes yours so much better
They better change the Blackhawks name if they want to change the Redskins.
There are sooo many attractive people at Souplantation.
Will forever hate commuting, you're the best mom :)
On my way to Kansas with the family.
dear Russians tweeting non-stop about our new EP: you were supposed to pay for it. Thanks once again for all the invaluable promo
Nah take Sterling off but keep Welbeck on, nice move Woy.
Thanks for sharing.
I love having the same argument at least once a month it's so fun.
People think is funny but hurts seines feelings 9/10 because it's usually just a nasty remark with a smile
Kilauan emas untuk warga emas....bersyukur ada usaha tarbiah untuk semua golongan.\n\n
\"I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing\"
Fat bitch cAnt
Omg, omg, keep your orgasm in your pants geez!
And my mom thinks I cut
Dealing with my dented bumper, on my only day off, after being rear ended on my way back from my mini vacation feels pretty great
Torres has made some difference since coming on, in fairness to him
Getting ignored ! Best feeling ever !
That wasn't noticeable..
Nice of to Chester to be on time as usual
I wonder why i cant sleep...im not even tired. ?
What joys do i have in store for today. For a change not much
i'm not a hacker... your security sucks.
Love the way WWE is trying to put more strain on the us-russian relationship. Really good idea.
I wish I could give up my job to do up a bloody campervan and then get sympathy for it on TV.
I'm going to have to guess on my own at a celebrity's shoe size. *le sigh* This will be fun!
Alarm set for 6.00 for work
Gui cheerful the day like
that was 's head not the ball!!! I'm sure it was an honest mistake. Go !!!
Jane Eyre makes me weep in the ugliest way and I've just done my makeup. Thank you, Charlotte Bronte, thank you.
I LOVE when I have nothing to do on Friday night.
You can't fall asleep while your feet are feeling cold. Wearing three pairs of socks and even thinking of putting on my shoes.
i love inconsiderate people.
I just love tornadoes!!
I almost feel bad for Portugal -0
My horse just dropped off a cliff and died. Good job horse.
Great defensive strategy by the Heat. Mills is absolutely on fire so we just leave him wide ass open
saya bukanlah A Samad Said hebat menulis ayat ayat puitis , tp saya hanya insan biasa yg PETAH berbicara jika bersua muka ni tauu .
13 hour day tomorrow at work
You should do some soul-searching. You might just find one.
Ronaldo, A+ shooting!
Nothing cures a hangover like unloading trucks at 6am
I'm such a thrill seeker, followed a police car while they were following someone and watched them pull them over HAHAH
Damn, didnt see that happening
i can hear my mom talking shit about me in the next room, that's great. thanks mom (-:
Aside from the accents, you can't tell these commentators are from at all...
Grreeeaaaat story for dinner time,
Good old goal line technology
Breaks broke... Uh oh. Mercury is in retrograde &gt;~&lt; Raining too? Perfect.
So the Mets are off to a good start tonight, huh? ?
Gotta love family trips
My mom, told me that my ques*adilla was to fat and i was like mom i always roll fatty's
Jussie Jokinen! Might as well just hand us the Cup right now! ?
I just love when people lie to me
I am the luckiest person on the planet my timing is perfect
Of course we'd go into double overtime on Friday the 13th
is great, subtle is divine !
This summer has been so much fun so far; sitting in my room all day...
Those poor, fortunate humans.
Its good to be watching the first ever game played on a hot day! Monumental occasion.
Did I mention I love leaving my hotel at 4:30am to catch a flight?
All these art supplies yet no paint brushes.... Yay
I can't believe the queen just started off a Mexican wave! is as exciting as the ( )
I can't wait until is champ again Sunday and everything goes back to normal
Lol @ some people. Good luck going anywhere in life. You're obviously doing very well so far.
I don't use products bcoz they already taken a bite of it :P
being ignored by the person you love the most is probably the best thing on the planet.
Hey UK!! Suck it!!
A fake Woj account emerges less than an hour into free agency? THERE'S a freakin' surprise!
Oh, boy! I sure do love waiting for videos to render!
It is so awesome when my computer shuts down when I'm in the middle of doing something.
Thanks insomnia. You are making waking up for this 12-14 hour drive at 5am so much easier.
Man, I wish more people were talking about the Luke Bryan concert and the World Cup.
Climate deniers say same thing MT : Because scientists never change their views after further research
Ahh..there's just nothing like walking through a spider web first thing in the morning.
I just want people to accept me for who I pretend to be
I wonder if Brazil will go to penalty shots with Germany.. Such a close game..........
Wahoooo 13 hour work day today... ... ...
Cone on England! Only 2 years till the euros!
Bloody nose. That's dope.
USA WILL TIE GERMANY
I LOVE your true colors!
nothing scary about that
There is an inverse relationship between my tweets and the actual game results.
Hey, gets to look like a terrible, dangerous place to live. Awesome.
If you ask me "What's your favorite food to make?", I will ask "Am I allowed to snitch while I cook?"
And for those of you that think I'm serious...
What a great fucking day.
S\/O to the rides supervisor that just gave me permission to drink water.
coffee before bedtime ang talino ko talaga
I love Physics!
Work weekends are the best.
Sooo glad we both don't care.
report day yay! so ecstatic!
Wow...things are so much better in the Middle East since Obama became prez...Syria Iraq
This might be inappropriate but...doing cardio in a thong is like slip n' slide for your buns! Haha
A french referee how awesome! poor honduras sorry guys
IF I say I claim to be faithless to religion.., (not god) someone close minded would label me an \"atheist\" on steroids
Men sometimes get morning wood. I get morning .
Sometimes I just can't even handle just HOW COOL my ex boyfriends are.
Got a 66% on my Aleks test but who cares college is all about beer tastin and women chasing anyways.
The joys of waking up at 3:30 :)
Like if someone special boldly went in for a kiss they've immediately got my attention.
It's me, the driver, a woman, and her baby on this T
's new slogan: We're even more than a beer commercial.
Nicely done ref... Nicely done Italy...
I LOVE TOURISTS!! and learn how to fuckin drive! seriously 15 miles an hour through town??
All done and fix.... Maybe if I'm lucky I can do it again tomorrow!!!
I really hope the apocalypse doesn't happen. What will people do when there's no internet for more than 48 hours ?!
That wasn't planned at all.
I want to congratulate everyone on their anti-soccer tweets. They're all very clever. And original.
I'm really glad people are so fast to volunteer and I got so many responses to my FCA camp post
Todays stats: Who cares how many followed me, who cares how many unfollowed me, who cares who many I followed via....
BITCH...talk less, just tweet.
Lebron is too good for the Heat. Heck.. He's too good for the NBA. He should take his talents and make his own league.
when your and someone believes you. .
Ah Sunday, my favorite day of the week
Who gives a fuck if you have nice pictures anymore. Like it's all about the likes and being artsy right? If you like it you just do
Learning how to drive stick shift for the first time ever in my Corvette. Yea my dad's obviously very smart.
These tablets make me hungry and sick all at the same time... Yaaaaay!
Considered adopting a puppy this weekend, figured it would probably be easier and cheaper to have a baby. , kind of.
Ima go buy thier album now
Does England go home after this game?
Gosh, , you don't have to tweet every single thing you do.
I guess people were too pre-emptive in the 90's making Top 10 Pokemon lists for Red\/Blue. There weren't enough Pokemon.
Hmmm 2.30pm Friday mac square during school holidays what a shit fight...4 check outs open out of 12. Nice work!!
Yeah, you got a real lovely personality, girlfriend.
Neighbor just yelled out that he's going to set off fireworks every day from 10:30-midnight until the 4th of July.
Chris Bosh guarantees a win tonight, that gives me a lot of confidence
What a true professional is, he never pushes an agenda, only facts
prev rt: im really tempted to follow the guy on ig just to see the comments HAHAHA.
Gerard sure looks enthusiastic. .
I'm moving to Prague in 2 months. I'm not freaking out about it. Not at all.
Hey , could you devote a little more time (and ink) to the whole thing?
Glad my favorite three days of the year keep getting better every minute
Didn't know there was in Democrat primary for Senate tonight in Mississippi. Odd how many dems turned out to vote.
Sy dh ada laptop tp sy nk beli lg laptop.. mmbazir x ni??
Yay, I got to work with my two favorite people today
Thank You for caring still like you said you would
i am fiji water u are toilet water
If Tim Howard hadn't have played so poorly we could have won this game.
I don't have anything to do today. Looks like I'm gonna be in bed all day depressed. Yay
has now \"accidentally\" bitten three players. What bad luck.
Oh, good. Casilla's in to close. Yeah, this thing's over.
We are almost too good at making plans
I just love when it takes you two hours to fall asleep and 20 minutes after you finally do, you get drunken phone calls.
Anyone want to hear a germolene joke?
Four Months Off: Bucket List for Luis Suarez
Another chance to see Mikel, what a joy
That was such a great conversation. Damn.
Good thing the west went into Iraq, would have been a real mess otherwise ...
2 new tires for the Captiva...Yay!
Getting shots was such a great way to start my day. Now for 8 hours of work.. It's gonna be a good day!
The best feeling in the world... is when you think you know someone, and they tell you that you really don't know them at all.
At least the medical clinic has A\/C....
Great way to start the 4th. if it isnt painfully obvious.
It's cool. You know how much I just love going to bed angry with you.
Uruguayan defense has been amazing today
all im saying is those posts\/tweets you read that make you go really? what are you thinking, like that was intelligent!
I need a emoji. Help.
don't you love it when people post about Politics on Facebook! it's one of my favorite parts. what's your fav part?
JUst Dance is just what everyone wants to see
That Boy Last Night Was FUN
My resolution to clean during World Cup halftimes is going well. I can just about see the floor of my bedroom.
It's unbelievable how much I love having a 7pm class
It's funny how 1 bad relationship f'd me up so badly
Obama admin using illegal border kids as political weapon, placing them in conservative districts? He wouldn't do that.
It's 11pm. I have to up at 4 am. Then run for an hour. Then go to work all day. Tomorrow is going to be awesome.
I love getting locked out of my own house.
What Rio Ferdinand knows about football could fill encyclopedia's
Time to furiously tweet about a footballer buying a bottle of champagne he can quite easily afford whilst on holiday...
Lol make it just on time.goodbye forever my lovely and endearing work place
We're living in the year 20,014. You learn something new everyday.
if you dont want a answer from me, dont ask stupid questions.
I love following people who say going to follow you!!
DH wants to know what I want for my birthday (that's in 2 days). I love how he plans these things out. It's heartwarming really.
Yeah LeBron needs more help man...Where K.D and Melo? Form the new big 3...\n\n
And I almost got killed by a foul ball. Thanks for the warning, no Twitter Steve.
LISTEN UP SHEEPLE! THE TSA IS THE REASON VACCINES GIVE PEOPLE AUTISM AND IS BEHIND THE DISAPPEARANCE OF FLIGHT 370
ask the emmy folks honey. they are SOOOO on the pulse of things. RT : WTF is a Vine star?!?!
Another day in paradise
Ozil scores the winner what a night he's had
So my mom just called me "stupid" and "desperate" bc I wanna meet my idol. Thanks mom. What a supportive and carrying mom you are!
Boring morning wish there was something topical to discuss around the office
We trade 2 guys who can pitch NOW &amp; in future for 2 more hitting prospects &amp; a pitcher who may be good down the road? Sense
Republic is the only school still in session in the STATE of missouri. How'd we get so lucky?
Does have an election app ? I haven't seen much about it.
You're so freaking cool.
I think...Germany might go through? Not sure though, it's a close one
Well that was fun..
Me: It's my coping mechanism.
Ughh this week is gonna suck!! 1 day work week!!
It's really disturbing when I read symptoms for some mental problems &amp; they all match me! :D :D :D
It really shows how much you care when you don't respond for six and a half hours
I just figured out the problems ..... they wear batting practice uniforms during games so they don't play like it counts
I'm starting to get a farmer's tan.
I feel so good today
Why Why Why God! what gonna happen to us?
haha ang sakit ng tiyan ko + nasusuka + pimple + mainit = happy trip
Thanks so much, neighbours, for waking me with the screech of power tools this morning.
I have a feeling that Aluthgma incident has nothing to do with the upcoming elections
2 rated R movies in less than a week and I'm not 17!
Anxiety attacks are just the absolute best.
What is Ginter?
When I grow up, I want to marry a man who spends his every spare moment in front of his computer- *Said Nobody ever*
Neighbours with loud stereos. Best thing ever.
I have been walkin forever!!!! My feet hurt alot. Plus im sun burnt. YAY!!!
So happy I got to spend my fourth weekend renovating our house in petal for new renters .
So much help omg
Can't believe it's been a week since my birthday
I seriously just love life right now
Target is the EXACT name for a location to House Illegals. It immediately makes Liberals scream Murder!
Wow, I love all the smart, strong, and independent woman they have in
I love working in the rain
This was the best 4th of July.
what a hero.
Wow I'm so glad that performed instead of and Steven Pasquale.
Mm I love it when people lie to me. Love it.
O es un 5 o es un 0. Gracias final de semestre.
My workplace is very much physically, mentally, and emotionally draining. Such a happy place, next to Disneyland.
State gov't docs have 95 year copyright term. Incredible! Certainly makes them very usable.
Worst. Service. Ever. Thanks -don't ever plan on things ordered from them to arrive in time to give as a gift.
I love arrogant traders who don't understand . ... Meanwhile $SINA new highs. Let's break 47
Wow. Democrats are sure classing it up in the twittersphere regarding Matt Schultz.
Why do people keep telling me quit smoking? I know this, because u say that,I'm doing it right now.
That was officially the worst nights sleep of my life. Great end to holiday!
HAVING NO WIFI OR CABLE IS LITERALLY SO MUCH FUN OH MY GOD
Yeah it's tough. Don't know how you made it through one whole day.
A real Parent of the Year night.
That's ok Lane Creek, I didn't want my phone to actually work while I am in your neighborhood!
Love how the internet is down in Carnew
itk spot on about moreno signing,not one of them has a clue.attention seeking cunts
...and I am not freaking out.
Don't be sad because of people -- They will Die &lt;3
High hopes for that one.
This victory couldn't come to a more humble team and fan base.
\"o: la forma mas baja de humor pero la mas alta forma de ingenio\"
Also, I'm sure the fact these people are banned from WENB doesn't come into thinking at all...
England have played great that half, we should still qualify, we're probably in top 3 teams in the world
He was sexting with chicks! Of course he wasn't gonna hang up!
Well, I forgot the pass code to my phone. It's locked for 15 minutes. I'm gonna die!
The true class of Chenoa people shows on the 4th
Hooray 8am tests!
Whoa Beas...whoo...yeah Beas! -Tom Roche in screening
Jaysus, Brazil are doing great aren't they?
Best one ever !
Camp NaNo starts todaaaaay!!!
Once again.. Jane is saved
GEEE LET ME THINK....&amp; are out....does that mean they'll screw Reigns OVER?!?! I WONDER?!?!?
It's Frankie Lyman AND the Teenagers that sing "Why Do Fools Fall In Love". Since you so wanted to look it up...
I love that I'm missing the fight and delicious wings right now.
Well this is already a good start..
a rare Randy's Ravings on Facebook. Yay.
seems to me ... Thats what i think about DM
I thinks the music is halo
Great : 2 of 's best players sent home! Ghana to SEND HOME Kevin Prince Boateng and Sulley Muntari from World Cup
Hearing noises outside my bedroom window doesn't creep me out at all...
Ugh I have the best luck
At. 9:30 am some guy decided to steal from our store. Cut the alarm and put it in a metal box hoping to silence it.
In between and , there's a field, I'll meet u there..
Two MLS guys holding down center backs..
I'd love to see Joe Hart having a great game tonight............
Having a great day at work
MERC will really need to hold HAM in for a super long pit, in order to get him back behind ROS.
Staying at home this weekend. Thank you so much talaga bpi for making me broke!!!
(ty) with a of
I supposed you just don't stand a chance online anymore unless you have some sort of computer advantage. Bout to retire....
Schools not boring?
Yep ppl under this hash tag are bigots, LOL
I love when people get pissed off at me for not being interested in them. It definitely makes sense to be mad.
KEVIN GAUSMAN FOR CY YOUNG.
I just love when people say things like "I don't think..." with no proof because they don't want to do something.
Nice to see the Islanders being so active in the FA market
Some great refereeing in this game!
Say honestly one more time and maybe I'll believe you... or is that the bullshit talking aha
That last question was odd. Apparently since I support gun rights extremely, I want criminals armed. Yep, I love criminals.
Saw this: \"NHL and NBA are the lesser sports. Golf and football are the more skilled arts, and baseball is waste of grass and time.\"
Antiquated trademark law is such fun!
Guess I won't be getting much writing done till later. Thanx .
Was planning on my beer rounds later today, but I don't want to miss a second of the .
Oh bad refereeing, how I missed you. You are the one thing this World Cup needs more of.
It's cool like, every song is AWESOME, no one can dislike anything
me: what's your #? Customer: what #? me:your visa number customer: one sec I got it here somewhere me: no no no your phone # sir...
But if one doesn't put it on their snapchat story... Did they really drink??
Just another crappy Stanley Cup Final game.
I love overdrawing my bank account with all kinds of shit to show for it.
So the defending champs went down 4-1 proving that last year was a fluke
Wow I love working Saturday mornings
Would've never guessed there was a dust storm coming!
Waiting for the plumber...this is fun.
You kidding me redline? 90 degree humid day and no AC? Glad you raised the rates!
.Yeah, only an idiot would think that TB, lice, dengue fever are anything to get worked up about.
MT : "engagement" once signified intrinsic motivatn &amp; enthusiasm. Today, word is often used to denote mere compliance
Oh nobody saw that coming ...
Thank you random customer for telling me to "go suck a c*ck" under your breath. Made my day...
It's fine I don't wanna talk.
please tag your :/
The best are built on a solid foundation of, , , &amp; !
Hahahah, you're funny kid ..
I really love it when my cat devours rabbits head first in the back garden
I need more Carmelo Anthony articles, there just aren't enough of them. I neeeed More! Lol
this guys career is going places "Brendan Fehr Was 'Petrified' Playing Gay"
Found the most beautiful braid book from 1990 to help me learn how to French Braid my hair. "Most beautiful" = heavy .
Sure blame it on civil rights and black Americans in the 60's genius, and not racist at all
Flying out Thursday!
Thanks for loving me, coz you're doing it perfectly
..on a lighter note I asked my Portuguese waiter if the octopus was caught locally, 'it's from the mountains' he said
\": Nice one Sterling really fab\"
Loud, obscene, drunk &amp; high teenagers make excellent neighbors.
Oh goody more fun with Steverly (!) Can you just not wait for 5 more weeks of their wonderful, 'open' displays of 'love'?
O.k. I'll do it! XX
Perfect night for me to be wide awake at 1:30am.
This summer has been fun so far.
So they left sanchez wide open good job brazil
Yeah because we all know the heart eyed emoji is abusive....
Because the right thing to do is to yell at someone when they're already upset and make their day worse..
I love when people park cars in places that make it impossible for me to do my job
I LOVE calling county offices. Everyone is always so friendly.
Oh yippie look...there's a new Monster High movie out.
should we be on the watch for an expanded definition of "fox" to include "anything wearing s Yes badge"?
It's four o' clock in the morning and I'm still awake! Wow my sleeping habits.
Bay City's Fireworks were almost as good as Frankenmuth's.
Sorry, nobody can be as perfect as you..
I mean, it's not like we don't regularly hound and aggressively colonise any and all mainstream organisations with white supremacy.
I just love how i can see everyones emojis!
I love when people pressure me into getting married and starting a family.
It's just great coming home from a mission trip and having no power
\": 50 Cent's home has 35 bathrooms.\" Life of the super rich now where's the media and the dems condemning this greed.
Im so interesting
Thanks for the unwanted fitness advice and the wink. I really appriciate it.
I just really love the fact that I have to work tomorrow and that I'm closing counter
I love nothing more than photo closing til 345 am.
Well, that's a good way to end tonight..
Five days til premier ... no it's fine you don't know your lines, no it's fine you don't know where to stand, no it's fine ...
Oh good. I was hoping the sun wouldn't shine today. I'd hate to break the streak.
Getting my fill of Daria....my dude swears she is I
Wow, US leaves Iraq &amp; al-Qaeda takes over city by city. Shocking, never saw that coming.
when i say when u dint even compliment me, is when i want you to shut up ycuz i cant take it more..
Sure, dog, 4:30am is a good time to get me up on a Saturday.
First Tweet, Everybody.But then again, You wouldn't care. I don't even really care.
Would just like to thank for never allowing me to use 4 weekly ticket. Ps. Great customer service
I'm going to start taking photos of literally everything I do to make people think my awesome life is shitty!
A few thunderstorms between here and tampa. Awesome.
rt : Riveting commentary by Fandango there....just amazing
celebrate our independence by getting black out drunk makes sense
Good to know classism doesn't exist. I learned another term.
I love cheaters &amp; liars.
so lost so much things thanks
Thanks for informing us about HIV ... You clearly know what u are talking about...
Haha you're so cool... Not ;)
Yeah this is really what I wanted to do tonight..
Black Hawks in Miami....shall I or shall make jokes about G.I Joes?
Home sweet home
Current temp in Adelaide 9C. Belting down rain; radar shows more rain to come. Leaving the house to go shopping later....whoopee
I've been waiting for Dance Central for years now!
(Parlay though, gotta win em both)
It's good to know that if there was an actual emergency they would be available.
Which \/genius\/ decided to put a maths,chemistry then another maths exam back to back hmmm?
\"Is it comfortable to talk with mouth stuffed with a dildo?\" That is probably the nicest comment I have ever gotten!
Hello we want to be friends...... share the light and love
