Rosberg's car is dead. OMG it's clearly a conspiracy from Mercedes for Hamilton to win!
My favorite trains are the ones that are late and have no open seats
That was an amazing hour of sleep
Mio padre e i complimenti a Balotelli.
So happy my eye is swollen.
Feelin' the love...
Would that Greek player's name fit in 1 tweet?
Did I tell you how good Joba Chamberlain was?
Normally I would be right now however once I've finished work I then haveto walk through town to job number 2
He gelled his hair now.
You know who the should hire? That Dan Bylsma guy...
Are the fixtures out today?.at least we have lots of sunday games during oct,nov,dec.
Wow I'm so incredibly shocked Germany won wow
Nice to see the shirtless hotties of Wallsend out today
Good thing I've always been a Cavs fan!
I just love when I'm blowing out candles, hot wax gets on my face then I step on one of my dumb bells!
New Assassins Creed! SHOCKING. Didnt know I was watching the Ubisoft conference
Seriously. I have the best luck.
I just love how the FIFA ticket prices are now 5x - 10x the price. &amp;demand
\"Can't I just treat you like a man?\"
I love when people ignore me. It's my favorite.
Please waste time
I mean, what else could go wrong in our administration!?
So many plans and dreams, it's so sweet to know that I'm not in any of them.
Sure do love the cocky ass frat boys :)
I've got the best fam ever
cant wait for some sick football action tonight
I'm so glad that you have turned into a stuck up brat along with your \"best friend\".
Keep the distance because you really can't go any further, huh!
Bandwagon riders want to steer the path. Nah its not bad that we lost.
Those of you using rings as an end all to greatest of all time. Remember Robert Horry won 11 rings.
\": but Mario it's only injuries keeping us out of the playoffs \" not to the feeble-minded
, , needs 10 more followers, to hit 700. Pleae give her a follow.
I hope some one live tweets this Cantor presser!
My boyfriend said he'd break up with me for a girl 8 years older than him. Nice- isn't it?
Driving your friends car without permission is always a good idea
Pork chops for dinner? Great!
Thank you ESPN commentators for reminding me that this game can potentially last 120 min.
43 days to school people... Yay
ALRIGHT. Celebrating the Fourth by working 4-10; Too late to see fireworks, too early for bed. LETS DO THIS.
Really feel sorry for Collingwood and their draw. Gunna be hard for them playing 4 out of the next 5 at home.
Dear Dick Cheney, thank you for sharing your thoughts on Iraq. I trust Halliburton's profits have not clouded your judgment.
When does that Diagon Alley special come on?
Can't wait for this 20hr car ride home!!
I thought things were great and then you had to go and ruin them. Thanks.
BRAvGER: This is boring now, it's been 10 mins without a goal
Fun adventures with the Greyhound and public transportation in Denver!
2/2 all 400,000 ticket holders should go Dublin on July 26 and take a piss on a street near Croke Park in protest
Masarap maging SINGLE.
What a gorgeous day. I think I'm going to go to the beach. 's Summer
Love trying to read a book sample online and the sample doesn't go past the book introductions .
Man the best part of the fourth is getting to listen to people blow up fireworks all night long for 2 weeks...
J.D. Salinger The Catcher in the Rye is viewed as an Anarchist peace of Literature, since when did an honest opinion become extreme
Thanks for including me..
Please, only hott fathers day pics
I wake up everyday planning to be productive and then a voice in my head says \"haha good one\" and we laugh and laugh and take a nap
I guess because I'm a boy I don't know anything about love or being scared of relationships, huh?
I love being woken up at 4.40 on a Saturday morning it's the best thing ever :)
I just learned so my drawing can be shown on a national Tv show for a millisecond. I am a genius.
Thanks for being such a wonderful friend.
Yay! Three hour car ride!
Aw man. I probably should lock my twitter now. I THOUGHT THIS WAS A FREE COUNTRY.
Stress headache are the best
UNRETIRE STEVIES NUMBER AND BURN THE BANNER
Loving the completely neutral rhetoric surround McCullen v. Coakley
Life is great right now
Geez I wonder if the size of the media market had anything to do with the results of the final vote
I love people who just complain about everything on Twitter.
While my friends are sending me awesome snapchats of them being on boats and Lovin life.
Getting another jaw expander on tomorrow. So excited.
Wow. Making fun of mental ilnesses. So cool
At least has his poles... cause people remember pole winners more than race winners
is the best way to Confuse someone...
El DT de Colombia no puede esconder su felicidad
Well...that's a great way to start off Senior year.
Oh man, I HAVE to get to that new Kevin Hart movie. It looks SO freaking funny. Darnit, Kevin is always funny!!!!!!!
Hey look Cleveland picked Andrew Wiggins number one I'm so shocked
Also... amazing how many people can't understand the alpha \/ numerical boarding system on Southwest.
has fallen. So glad my husband became disabled for nothing and soldiers lost their lives in vain.
Nothing says Father's Day more than watching WNBA on ESPN.
As long as other people have a bed to sleep in, food to eat..why should they think twice about someone else? people are selfish
Great game heat
So much to do. No time to do anything. I love Ofsted!
I wonder if Alexis went swimming? Did she post any snaphat stories or did she Instagram that shit? Lol.
Here comes HHH. Wonder what he wants now.
4th of July was great.
The "Where do babies come from?" questions tonight are making me rethink this being a mom thing. Lol.
looked awesome until I saw complaints abt female chars. Thx for raining on my parade, world. Cant stay ignorant forever.
Ooo Fire Island. That's refreshing. \n
Nak pilih calon Presiden Amerika pun kena debat juga. \nWoiii Obama..! Cer tiru Msia...\nDEBAT BUKAN BUDAYA la kat Msia ni...\n\n
Please keep uploading really good quality videos from really good quality acts from Parklife onto Insta. Really enjoyable to watch
Great! More rain! I love rainy powwows! :D
A bird just shat on me
First allnighter of summer school is gonna happen today WOOOO
Yea!!! Staff meeting! This is going to be awesome! ? Certainly not
You're not cool unless you tweet about chewing.
Chicago in 3 days! Totally excited
Great way to start your day, get into a fight with your parents. Good morning.
3\/3 ...or jelly that I didn't get to con these idiots, since its apparently so friggin easy.\n\n
| you know a rap artist is super insightful and poetic when his lyrics consist of the N word shouted over and over.\n\n
Repeats of Perfection on BBC1. Afternoons are complete
only work 4 hours next week...awesome.
Showed the winning goal, she felt bad for , asked "do they get participation medals?" 'sATeacher
What a long day at work
Dan = Best Cod player EVER
I just LOVE getting lectured over religion
Atleast snapchat is working...
tonight went just as planned, it was awesome. story of my life. guess ill catch some zzz's. dammit. dammit. dammit. fuuuu
\"sex tape that really is more of a straight up pornographic film\" Wait, WHAT? A sex tape isn't a porno? WOW!
I love that you care.
Holy shrimp balls! Someone call the press... was holding her daughter and being a mom!
Polis wanita lebih \"terlatih\"
Why is there no bed sets that match my hand made curtains? Don't all department stores cater to my specific needs?
Crying to Paul's mom is nice.
It is such a great idea for you to smoke while you are pregnant!
So glad I decided to wear sandals today
My dad is sooo funnnnyyy
At least I also share my birthday with Ice Cube.
So pumped to get into a short dress and get literally blown off the court and no doubt drenched today...
So finally decides he's representing in the I'm so flattered
Oh...hey rain your exactly what everyone has been missing
Oh yes more rain.
Re: Mississippi Senate results. The sellouts did it!
So how is everyone coping with the "flood" of flexible working requests this morning?
Holding a girls purse practically married
I can't wait to come back to school tonight
Now into a meeting for 4 hours. Fun.
Proud of my home state Utah and attorney general for spending the state tax $ to challenge same-sex marriage to the supreme court.
Faith ! Rebellion is the new faith.
Wait. Was the World Cup on tonight?
Guess I'm drankin by myself tnite
Tripped and fell UP the escalator at the train today. Sign of a great Monday so far
a hashtag is not very , don't you think.
So glad having my friends gone this birthday, its certainly going to be the best one yet
Customers are just too nice tonight:")
Never mind, I figured it all out.
What goes PERFECT with month-end and the most hectic month ever??? How about an AUDIT!!!! Weeeee!
yes. because you're not being fucking annoying at all..
3 weeks without my boyfriend... 2 weeks without my dog and everything else... How will I survive?
... Liberals to have a cow over that last tweet, being totally oblivious to obvious ...
forgot how fun it is to have a low blood sugar while trying to mow the grass
So glad there's a bunch of sneakerheads who know all about shoes in Hazard
I wonder how everything in is with and his \"wonderful\" .
Well this World Cup has been dull...
Wade Barrett won!? Wow didnt see that one coming
Apparently biting people lands you a contract with one of the top football clubs in the world .
Tim's Girlfriend is not a Attention Grabber at All.
80 second snapchat story? Count me in!!
\": Let's not get too excited but Sterling is the new Maradona.\"
I think it's time for Spain to bring on Ronaldo or Messi now.
Nothing better than the lonely sounds of oil dripping into the pan
We have been driving since 6am and we're still not gonna get back to Dallas until 2am!!!!! Wooohooo
Student loan rates go up today. That's great news isn't it?
Poison ivy season
well about to leave for work to be there a half hour then come back later and work 10 hours. Todays gonna be so much fun!
I love how the illuminati is some big joke to people
Real women grill! Quoted from a random man at mejiers, it must be true!
...in most systems, once you have more than a few petabytes it starts to break down. Yeah, I have that problem every day...
Ah, the "new American" compounding things with some stellar customer service. Kudos.
I only use hashtags for
So happy Martin Lawrenson is commentating this game..
I love to wake up early for no reason during the summer
Oh the joys of being a "3rd yr" med student. Starting Surgery Clerkship tomorrow! And I have first call. Woohoo.
Hope Solo arrested on domestic violence charges??? No way. She would never.
I'm in one hell of a mood today. I wish someone would step out of line, today's the day to do it.
Yeah, lady, I want to listen to your phone right in my ear.
Clarke Carlisle criticising defending..well yes Clarke you are up there with Moore, Adams, Cannavaro, Maldini and co..go ahead
Twenty minute delayed because the president is leaving the airport !b
Raining, I'm wet, cold, and still gotta stand out here til 530 am..but you know me, not one to complain
I totally love driving the white work van home...
love being ignored :L aha
I like how we fight every night and how I don't sleep because instead of working it out you left it's actually the best
Yeah, no problem.
Who would've thought playing 5 centre-mids and 3 centre-halves would lead to such an insipid 1st half performance?
Hmmm the NBA Draft or the World Cup... which should I watch?
Please go on about how you're doing Molly at the show. You continue to sound awesome in your daily decisions.
I'm so bummed that I'm missing Ricky Scaggs in concert!!
Just turned on the tv and look there she is
What a pleasant surprise. .____.
Josh Gordon arrested? Now there's something you don't hear everyday...
Now we're all eating overpriced, mediocre food. Yay amusement parks.
I just read a story to at work because I was bored ... Best five minutes of my life.
Jabari Parker looked happy to be drafted by Milwaukee.
Today was a non-stop thrill ride
Thank you to all those who wished me a happy fathers day.
or not. stood up. what a surprise
I am in bed already, you may be telling yourself, "What an idiot!" But then it come back with nothing... I go in at 2am. Yay!
I just love that all of my good/best/ friends just stop talking to me. Just so awesome. ..
I just love how people are so nice
Everyone hates 'coz he iz !' ....
I can tell this week is going to be GREAT...
i love being hit on at work by customers!!!!
\"I'm hot bcuz I'm fly, you ain't bcuz you not\"
I love being replaced.
I love how all of my friends have called or texted to see how my trip was going.
I hear this guy has talent. I hope the kid can hold his own against the Truck regulars.
Thank you for ending discrimination of Community by federal contractors after only half a decade!
Mil respetos a los chuchos por luchar contra poderes facticos
How to make F1 more popular:
Only 3 more times oh darn I wish it would last forever.
I love when Cary snapchats me but doesn't text me back to answer my question.
Nobody is tweeting about the storm or their power going out!!!
Thanks for replying to me text
What famous people do you know? is my go-to question for finding prospective clients.
I love it when my womb is open for public discussion
I almost wish it was a little hotter outside today....
Well today is just fantastic so far!!
i really do enjoy feeling like my stomach is tearing itself apart from the inside.
Timehop never fails to remind me of all the wonderful decisions I've made through the years!
Selamat Pagi penjenayah-penjenayah dlm Msia... \nJenayah Meningkat, Rakyat Bahagia \n\n
Wow. Watching highlights. Hoping doesn't need jaw replacement surgery after that brutal slap
Nak derma mesti buat cek besar-besar. Masuk tv, akhbar...cek kecil kurang pahala.\n
Guys, they've been using Goal-Line tech all tournament for some close calls, don't get too excited.
I'm being so productive today
Derek Jeter is 40? Who knew. Not me. No one seems to be posting anything on Twitter.
Exactly what I want to come home to
I'm so pleased to hear likes to investigate race incidents prior to applying penalties, he's such a fair guy!
I talk to so many guy I must be a huge whore right
I just worked out!!! Does this tweet validate it? Is that how this works?
Always a good time when your team loses 31-5.
Whoa.... Wait. We didn't say let every god back in schools.
Welbecks injured !!! Oh how will we Cope
So does this mean the are better than ???
At least youre not a distraction
What a SHOCK! Pepe sees Red? That NEVER happens.
Ya Ronaldo's haircut joke gets funnier and funnier each time I see it
I dunno if luke knows how much he'd benefit from following me? Like I'm so funny and Irish and cute and almost 21 so I'm not mature
Whatever you say.
It's the little things.
Giving Beau a bath now is such a pain in the ass... I can't wait to see how much fun I'll have when he's full grown
Nothing is more fun than writers block lol
Lol Trent! It's called
Soldiers come and go, teachers come but not go go (retire).. qoute by
wow i love my family so much
so is that Bill Clinton loves Jen Flowers? Asking for a friend (Hillary)
You mean people don't like a logo re-design. I'm sure that's never happened before.
I love the bills they are the best football team ever. PERIOD
because despite a 139 IQ I don't know what the fuck to do with my body.
I'm gonna be late to work bc I have to get an oil change and my tires looked at. Great, just grrrrrreat.
The fact that I have to wake up at like 430 in the morning really makes me happy.
After reading comments on 's tweets, I'm amazed 2 c hw much v frustrated Indians love mothers &amp; sisters of our country.
Jordan farmar is now Jordan Arnold as in Benedict Arnold. Nice job settling with the other la team.
Sister asked if we were playing Buckeye Battle Cry this year; I told her no.
Thanks for making me feel so special
Ask Evansville how well casino's work! Regular boom town it is.
COD - oh, goodie.
WOOOHOOO SUMMER TIME GUYS FAAANNTASSTICCC (:
Damnnnnn Lebron def gonna go back to Miami w Danny Granger and McRoberts there now
Never seen someone as excited to be drafted as .
Happy birthday 'Merica. \"Your\" \"2014\" today, wowow.
Wow...Heat up 22-6 to start...who could have called that???
And its funny how im not allowed to look at your phone but you can go through mine
The joys of being a girl
Interesting World Cup factoid: in some romantic languages "Uruguayan" means "really tight shirt with baggy pants"
Perfect weather for being a guard on 455s
I'm really good at golf.
LOL THE LOOPHOLE.
...going out on limb, but got a hunch cards may just steal a win tonite...
I can't believe Sid didn't thank Coach Bylsma!
Fuck that I'mma be Shucks number one fan
glad to see everyone cares about me why i left rhode island fuck that place
haha.. RT : It's funny how the SportsCenter app presumes I want every single detail of World Cup games
Ohhhh shit the first domino! josh mcroberts! Whoa!!!!
Coffeyville basketball is classy
There's nothing more that I love doing than going to the orthodontist on a Monday morning!
Block President is &lt;3
Bolland gone ... Raymond gone... But it's ok .. We still have phaneuf !!! Wtf leafs... You blew it!!!!!!!!
I'm in a fantastic mood
Thanks twitter you have done better this week ;)
Some dickhead shit lolRT : I can tweet and post pictures, but can't text back..never could multi task
SO glad took the opportunity to reinforce the idea that women can't make autonomous decisions about their bodies and sex.
OMG I don't have a red bandana to wear in my hair today
She is making her sleep with a lullaby
Been the most happening trip to mumbai so far.
What a great summer it's gonna be:)))
Good thing the WNBA is on today or else I'd have nothing to do
No matter how happy I am, I want people to feel sorry\/be jealous about everything I do
Vague texts are the best.
would never of known how hot it was without all the snapchats. Bunch of hero's like.
Your shorts are so long even a nun wouldnt wear them
I just love when someone doubts my testimony and sees me as doing wrong before they really get to know me and my position.
This is what happens when you move. You lose contact with people.
Need to get in shape for band camp , cuz you know that's always real physical
Yes cuz we cant have families separated
The great debates of our generation are happening in Facebook comment threads. Everyone has such well-thought, researched points.
So did it storm last night?
Ayyy kawawa naman si Jinggoy, kumakapal na yung bigote. Baka sa susunod mangayayat na yan. Kawawa naman.
Work at 11:30am, lovely.
Really don't think this day can get any better
Because yeah. being raped didn't hurt at all.
\"You told me that I lost - 8 pounds. What does that mean?\"\n\nWell, uhmm.. it means you're dumb.
Awesome way to start my day!
Hahhahahahaha you're so funny
Look on the bright side , Spain lost their first game vs Switzerland before winning the World Cup in 2010.
Mike Trout sucks!
Omg! Famy get together with the in laws! Yay!
protecting the plaza and the haves. vital to the community!
I think my twitter broke. It's not telling me who won!
Love watching the sunrise every morning and watching the sunset every evening
Football is boring yeah suuuuure it is
Phone hasn't went all night .... Set phone done to go to sleep and what's app group messages start
We are not against regulation at all
LOL ---&gt;": Hey look it's Drake on the ice with the Kings!! "
Everyone is proving it so well. -smiles-
IM SO EXCITED FOR MY SHOW ON THURSDAY WE DONT EVEN HAVE A SCRIPT OR A CAST
I love picking rock by myself.....
Investing is easy! But lots of all-time highs among widely-helds today. $GILD $WFC $DIS $CELG $ATVI $CSX $UNH $GMCR $SNDK $YUM
What a good day.
Oh my god lea is hanging out and taking pictures with a guy they MUST be dating how could she do that to cory
Frankie: "This game is designed to be played.".....?!
My friends love me so so so much hahahaha
Ok dah masuk ramadhan...ada tak sesapa yang dah wish hepi ramadhan kat mana2 artis kpop? Korg ni lupa le tuuuu
Wow you're such a nice person :-) :-)
So excited to walk to work!!!
Apparently Ronaldo was greeted at the hotel by "a topless model, and someone dressed as Donald Duck". Seems relevant.
When chooses a team, I hope he doesnt do it by raising $5 mil and improve the lives of 1,000s of inner-city kids...AGAIN
On to MOTHER FUCKING JACK WHITE
HESVERYEXCITED! --&gt; RT: Shoving clothes in a bag. Off to Sonoma today.
Waking up at 1:15am to your dog vomiting in the bed.
Well, is a complete dud thus far. Who'd have thought it?
Just what a trucker needs out of a shower. Generally good water temps with flashes of scalding hot.
Love how you're a smart ass.
Thankyou so much
Anyone know how many bennell kicked last time they played at metricon??
Exam time is the best time of the year! Not stressed out!
Have a headache so what do I do? Turn on loudly and sing my heart out.. Yeah.. that was smart...
I'm so glad Glastonbury is all over my Friday night...it's like OMG!
Ahhh...nothing comforts me more than players reading talking points on discrimination before the game.
Gosh, , Brunswick better repent fast! How many tornadoes is that, now? I bet it's because you're a feminist.
Girls, Bathrooms &amp;
STARTING AN INDIE GAME DEVELOPMENT STUDIO - DAY 1\nStep one - UnFollow all fellow Indie Game Devs\n
Way to go police force!!
If Meek Mill record don't sell well, it would probably be Wale's fault.
was actually created to confuse stupid people else its and to
you know everytime I turn on the tv or go to a wedding, I think \"here we go again with heterosexual propaganda\" \n
4th of July and I have to work today and tomorrow
I have the world's greatest parents! ...
Nigeria VS Iran
Yay dads drunk
Didn't see that one coming it's gonna be a slaughterfest
Wow I really enjoy people telling me how my tattoos were a mistake and I'm going to regret it.
The commentary debate over whether it should be Henman Hill or Murray Mound gets funnier and more intertesting each year
Best day of the week? Perfect time to work six hours!!!!
Haha, thanks, I feel the love.
Cena pops up out of nowhere and AAs both Orton and Kane to win the match. creative is awesome...
I say retweet galore my phone is going crazy. \"Well aren't you so popular.\"
Pounding headache. Just what I need today.
I'd say Bryce needs several more weeks of rehab
But they are suppose to stay poor. They aren't allowed to do that
Putting these two on commentary was a great idea
Nice job Bradley
Sitting outside at work and just picked up a network call "GetYourOwnRouter"
So I watch cooking tv programs like but I don't cook... I'm a genius
True Christians listen to VBS music in the Chick-fil-a drive thru line.
, ya know, if you're clueless about how i usually am
You're so right, I put out to anyone. .
My 2 Day Priority Mail package has been missing for 401 days. Thank goodness the are \"looking into it\".
The most exciting thing in the last half hour : a close up on Jude Law's ear
well I hope you have fun tonight
I can't wait until the Fall when half the kids playing select soccer are wearing two different color shoes.
I just love working a double shift....
Ya inscribi y uds? :)
the 4 languages i speak
I love hanging out with my boyfriend ..
Nothing better than your parents going out of town and no one wants to hangout!
So much fun to the MSW kids play so nicely with each other..
Everyone is doing something for the 4th and I'm working.
Of course you don't wanna listen to me... I'm the kid. I don't ever know what I'm talking about...
Nice, I feel like a piece off shit on my birthday :P
Not just you, but you're too busy texting to notice. You're a great example of the believers
I'm not sure, but I have a sneaking suspicion Germany is going to make it to the final...
OH NO....IMLOSING FOLLOWERS!! WHAT SHALL I DO???
Cards better slow down. They are using a weeks worth of runs in one game.
I love working inside on beautiful days when my whole family is going to be together to celebrate!
So, I wonder, may I commit suicide already or there are still beautiful and unbelievable things to live? .
Dammn. I have some great friends.
Great play by DWade...
Hey everyone come join the fuckn party at walmart
Thank you KPLC for reminding me of what I used to do on Friday nights..
Friend(too religious): BTW,what did you mean by asshole?
Yay... USA plays Germany today and guess who doesn't care...
WOW THIS LOOKS JUST LIKE COD RT Wanna play a game like Call of Duty on your phone
Great new stereo system friends weight room
Haha it sounds .. -2 cameroon-1
1hr to check 37 ppl. backpacks to check in at "oversized" even if they are small bags? Great efficiency, portugal.
I like to take "cultural" things from people of color and make them my own like dreadlocks, bindis and headdresses
Hey guys, lay off Showalter and Baltimore. I mean, they were kind enough to let DC have a baseball team.
amazing how people love killing other people. wars suck. but it's big business, so why stop?
Why were black people voting in a \"whites only\", sorry, I meant GOP, primary in the South?
im shocked vanek went to the wild
LOL @ the description on my cable guide 4 today's .\"Sam &amp; Patrick visit a mechanic.\" I can't wait to watch that!
I love it when I see dance crews copying dances from YouTube. Absolutely love it (:
There's that shutdown inning Stroman!
Great. Only talking to me out if pity? No of course I won't take it personal...
I blame the coaching staff for the dogs loss
Don't you just love getting blamed for stuff you didn't even say/do?
it's a good thing I got on facebook this morning or I won't know what today was.
Did you know that pears are apples with a bruise on their forehead?
Time wasting by the Italians? Nooooooo...
Woo hoo! We lost!
Happy 2014th birthday, America!
But I DID get a drunk phone call from my mom last night, so at least I got something
Glad to see how missed my presence is!!!
I'm really glad the Border Patrol has the same crew served weaponry that the military does.
two hour long waits are even better when u have to spend them with mom
Did anyone know that was opting out???
I wish your face would get a little closer to the camera.
I wonder why Stephen Gionta wasn't trending? He got the 2 year deal. We should all try to be like Stephen Gionta.....
Just wondering when we will have to submit kid names for pre -approval
Popovich signs a new contract. Cool thanks. More winning for the spurs.
.ground delivery taking 11 days to ship my package from Nevada to Ohio. That's awesome.
Sports Center should be fun for the next ohh say year: LeBron, LeBron, Red Sox, LeBron, Manning, Yankees, LeBron.
Nice. Escy didn't do usual flip Tuesday. RT : Well, Hud, they usually run on contact with two outs.
Wedding stuff is so much
It's 2am. I'm awake. Alone. What a life I have. Note the in this tweet.
Oh you're so cool. How can I EVER be as cool as you
Friozin bom pra tomar um bom banho e sentir aquele vento na janela.
I love how Tyler ignore me. I was one of his first fans! He promised he'd always be here for us. When I need him most he's not here
I am in a great mood today..
Great to know that I matter so much to you
Thanks Monday for all the happiness you bring me...\n
Tried to play a nice relaxing game of DayZ. Got shot at twice and threatened. I love this game.
As a life-long, left-wing liberal I KNOW , that anyone capable of independent thinking knows your symbole is pure .
I'm not jealous of everyone at London pride today... nope... not even a tiny bit
Everyone is saying Portugal is a one man team, come on what about Nani.
Notn like us common folk down here off the hill....
25th anniversary dinner: McDonalds cheeseburgers and fries at 10:30 at night.
Posting pics of you smoking makes you so cool. Take note children.
Me encanta tu indiferencia.
Studies on Twitter show thousands of people will potentially believe anything posts.
Imagine how cool it'd be to have a name like Shandon.
The should call tonight's came. And every home game the rest of the year. get off microsoft excel
Love all the Nucks "fans" ripping the moves they have done. That's exactly why they're the best in the NHL...
Just be you, it's the job you're most qualified for.
working all weekend is EXACTLY how I wanted to celebrate our country's freedom.
Oh no!! A zit before an interview!!! My life is over
I do live that they empty the bins at 8am every Saturday.
Haha I can see and I doing what those Chile fans tried to do. I like how they were so sneaky about it. Lol
12-14 days to process a mileage credit !? Comical.
stalk her at her school/college/workplace, in a bike with your best mate as pillion. Honk/whistle incessantly.
YAY! I get to sit by myself for the next 3 hours! Fucking hooray!
I won't talk about the shit happening in Gaza nor take side in a cowardly fashion because i'm afraid to lose business opportunities
Wow you're so cool for partying
I'm looking forward to spending the entire day in my bed.
Algebra : Find x.
Rafael Arujao, Andrea Bargnani, Bruno Caboclo....yea there's definitely no trend of bad international picks here right?
My dad is such a joy to talk to
Welcome home! First piece of mail I open is a CRA 2013 Income Tax review. Yay.
Wait we're buying out Leino? Didn't see that one coming...
I am lookin fine... Model status.
hobby lobby ruling started my day off right and continuing on with my student loan exit counseling and learning about my debt A+
My TV has been out for a week now bc of that storm.. that shows how much my family watches TV lol
Cant wait for Cavs fans to prepare for LeBron to come back &amp; if he doesnt, the city of Cleveland to bitch &amp;moan again for no reason
Third degree burn on my my wrist and a sprained foot. Living the dream!
Can't wait to drive 11 hours back home tomorrow! Oh yeah, and wake up at 6 to leave..
.If you watched the video perhaps you'd agree with Milton\nOr did you agree w\/ Phil &amp; re-distribution communist ways ~
Really just want everyone to know that cutting trees is my most favorite thing in the world :)
Dad jus asked if I wanted 2 check out his deodorant n see if we could share for the trip 2 save space -
Hamilton.....el de los Reds......es bien lento
Let's all post videos and pics of fireworks just in case someone missed them.
that girl can fistpump
Man, I can't wait to search the internet for all the pictures and videos of fireworks everyone was taking.
will start with a funny movie. is
Everybody out havin fun and I have to settle for time and a half until 6am :( ...
that hellogames guy sounded so enthusiastic during that little speech.
I feel bad for the people who write "" after their .
Worked 12 hours straight today, this summers gunna be great.
watch the and see why should win the
So the Heat are going to have a super team? Perfect.
Oh man, you're so cool because you get high all the time... I wish i was like you....
I love dropping my phone on my face
Loving these tiles cutting into my neck as I cart them up three storeys, they're really smooth, it's a nice pain about 8/10
If only there were more cynical alcoholics on Twitter.
Shout out to my awesome drunk father good job daddy-o
Oh yay, a night of BT commentary!
If I win the lottery. The first thing im gonna do is try to get instagram followers by telling them im giving away money.
bila member x ingat dh ke member..gini laa....gi la saing dgn sep dia tu..susoh2 ekgi cari la aq
Learn something everyday: If you question other fan bases, they WILL refer to Cleveland's lack of a championship for 50 years
thanks so much
I thank my grandma for helping me become such a patient person.
im buhh yall shouldnt be lookinn angelia up if yall dnt care bout her
And I'm in the freezers, my day gets better and better.
Biking home from summer school in this weather is my life
I might be able to get into the World Cup if the players wore luchador masks.
Next Friday I'm getting my broken tooth pulled plus 4 wisdom teeth! I'm living the life.
spacing out in the shower about to apply some body wash but i used toothpaste instead........
At we understand that picking a beer can be tough, so we narrowed it down about 20
~My mom complains that I don't do shit so I have a question, does running late count as an excercise? -__-\n
When people are rude for no reason it really gets me going
Those Fred jokes from is make me think I can do better on his position in any day.
Also, I wrecked my new Vans last night so that's a bonus
Real fuckin catch, I am
Clearly, holding no correlation to the missing trillions that have gone amiss from the global financial system.
I have the best friends...
&amp; it's ruined..... joy to my life!
Geez I love Dwayne Russell's commentary...
Well at least Hodgson can experiment with the young lads now.
Day 3 of being the colour of a lobster, can't wait to hop in the shower yet again! Yippee
It's great that I get the adult treatment at the dentist
That's all they do.
I am having such a great summer. No air conditioning, pool is slowly collapsing, and I have no money to go anywhere.
Delta airlines is flawless
Wow my friends are the best!!!
You are a fan if you throw a shoe at your idol's knee which is operated a few months ago. Uhu. Totally.
I have a few numbers saved on my phone just so that I know when to not answer a call
Still waiting to hear White Christian Denounce and condemn all the sex abusers amongst there midst
Great, here comes Dave Taylor
It really sucks not getting paid until the end of the summer program.
i missed u
LOVE how NONE of drivers know how to get to or City Hall w/o gps or how driver started my fare B4 he had directions
S/O to all those who promote that work from home money flipping investment shit on FB doe.
Macawiis droppA... How original ... ...
Oh wow, I wonder which one he'll choose?
That was a good start.\n\nI hope in the pregame meeting someone told the US that ties and losses finally won't help them.\n
Oh boy, the Human Cannonball for a 2nd straight night in Willmar...well I better take a nap now 'cause I want to be alert for this
Yeah so? Soccer has a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score."
I just love waking up to texts from J's friends.
well now it's all about pussy, im so proud of him
Hah goal .pengadil rasuah ni
Wow sometime parents are great
.I just love early morning flights
Thanks for the fucking support
Ha hecho una chilena. XD
Maybe since the King's won again they will reopen Culver Ice Arena and LA will start acting like a hockey town.
Looking forward to doing 40 sit ups tomorrow.
LeBron James: 18 points, 6 rebounds, 1 assist in 10 minutes. But all I want to know is his Player Efficiency Rating!!
Glad to see zitomedia's internet is great and 3G is real spot on today...
Thought we already knew that? &lt;-. Is my showing? Damnit! Trying 2 keep that shit hidden. &lt;-
BOSSICELNY dropped for the shitty Sakho in the biggest tournament in the world.
the amount of selfies on your insta is directly proportional to how much confidence you have.
Congratulations to the UK for banning . That will definitely eradicate its use, just like it has with every other drug. .
Do people actually shake their head when they type "smh"?
Nothin better than working a 9 hour day.
Secretary of State Kerry said should call on Terrorists in Syria to disarm within "the next hours" - Reuters
Usually when a person says they don't fuck with a certain someone that means at all. But I guess others pick certain days.
Netherlands is just pouring it on. You almost have to feel bad for Spain at this point..
Got moms flower garden weeded, again No need to worry about it, .
This $BLDP rumor was absolutely stupid... bc they got 2 patents, a deal with $TSLA is coming?
After 8 hours of manual labor, I am just ecstatic to start my 2 hours and 20 minutes long calculus course!
I hear the thunder starting.... yippee
Hail to the king of lord bendtner,never player can replace him.hahaha.what a legend.
This night just couldn't get any better
I'm hot bcuz I'm fly, you ain't bcuz you not
LeBron back to the Cavs, didn't see that one coming.......!
Everybody is an expert.
Poor Tseng ..let's all hope that he is finally cured from all drugs and alcohol because of how effective rehab is. -__-
Honestly? Great Ref...
Wowww sooo manyyyy Argentinians on my TL.
Hey, what's the weather like? Is it hot? Between going outside and looking at Facebook I can't tell.
It's 12:23 and I just got off work but I'm chugging iced coffee and binge watching teen wolf hello Friday night gettin t u r n t
Shoutout to all my friends who asked me to be with them in their 4th of July festivities, you're the best
Whoa. Something seems to be wrong with my quote feeds this morning. I'm seeing that $GPRO is down 3% . How can that be?
My level of has got to the point where I don't if I'm kidding or not;)
v is sure to be a special game. Maybe the best yet of the
That made me feel so much better.
1\/4 of the but says she's alright
You should put into one of your little songs! &lt;rolls eyes&gt;
Wow these ITV commentators are truly footballing greats...they really know their onions...
Tweeting about work: Holy shit! You guys have jobs and work too?! Tell me more!!!!
Sometimes, when we make fun of a situation, it starts to make more sense.
Yes, losing by 1 run in 3-straight games to the best team in baseball is reason enough to declare a team's season done in June.
Only 40 more hours baby..
What a perfect start to the week
.Are they repenting their sins before Christ the redemer?
papa-paparazzi... For me it's . For many woman it's a mantra.
this day has been fun i have been home all day and no footballl is on and i have hade the wrost taco of my life so a very good day
Oh how I love waking up to an empty house.
Annnnd my phone won't turn on. The past day and a half have just been the best ever!!
are great w/ RISP
Thxfor the help "We understand your frustration as no one likes delays less than us.We hope your next flight goes smoother."
I love it when trolls decide to spam the Wiki!
I just love it when people act brand new in public when they around their friends ! Niggas are comedians out here
So glad I'm missing world cup games for work.
Kanye West said WHAT about U.S. Soldiers? | Young Conservatives
brazil is definitely gonna win
I felt like the subtext of that piece was "Wow! These African people can really write!" When did they learn how to do that?"
Thunder! I want to hide under a blanket. Good thing our resort is mainly outside! -_-
Oh how I MISSED Orlando's Storms.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLAZO DE CR7! EL MEJOR DEL MUNDO.
You're such a joy to be around
I just love family time.\n
The person that knows it all ... Is that person between the ages of 16 and 25 years old ... (if you have a low IQ )
Hey, it's ok ear infection, I totally love feeling the illusion of getting ear-fucked prison style
Let me rush back from my workout so I can watch some world cup!
McDonald's is really good at what they do
Dead happy to be at work this morn! 2 hours sleep, spiffing!
Getting booted from City Council meetings for executive sessio s is always my favorite.
Wow, just... wow! I can't believe that I've been missing out on all this knowledge.
I just love it when people turn out to be the exact opposite of who I thought they were
Only reason I'm up is cause I'm running the FAM shop. Such luck i have
Cena won? I never would have thought it could be done...
Excited to watch Brian Dozier and Todd Frazier in the HR Derby. (Law &amp; Order reruns it is)
that makes me feel good haha
Lovely weather we're having.
Siapa Islam wajib sokong Bosnia\n
fucking LOOOOVVEE how my summer is starting!!!!!!!
Going on 3 hours w/o power. Awesome.
LOVE the chemistry Portugal
Glory to ! Glory to ! [cf.\"Glory to ! Glory to the heroes!\"]
I just love how I'm forced to swim
People are right soccer is boring nobody scores!!
Yo the dinosaur on TimeHop is a lil b**ch!
The best moment i always have is: leaving b*tches &amp; all that in 6's &amp; 7's
S/O to the jackass who almost hit me head-on on the way to work. Cause swerving into the ditch is my favorite early in the morning.
Could someone tell me if Alito is writing both opinions today?
Really wish someone told me i made all national chorus before they put it in the year book!
So. Today I found out that I'm extremely fantastic at basketball.
30 degrees at 7:25pm...so glad I committed to going for a run
Just vomited bacon out my nose
always requires an action first. It itself is a reaction only.
Ronaldo is the best in the world? It's really showing, dude...
It's a good thing I leave for 5 days in 10 hours and haven't even started packing yet
Gotta wake up in 6 hours!!!! Yaaaahoooo...
Oh ok yeah go ahead and blame me for something I didn't do. I take the fall for it. I got you.
It's 2014, everyone's had sex with everyone -
So... there's a chat of what a "perfect" boy/girlfriend is. Let me know how it works out when you meet that person....
I love how we are like not even friends anymore. Since when did that happen?
People who are married make it sound like its sooo much fun \n\n
Sometimes, innocent people in can make you laugh more than your friends!
Hein? Honduras where was this country all these years?
I'm moving to Arlington, TX and spending every day at Rangers games and Six Flags.
Daniel Descalso brings so much to this lineup
I wish it'd rain.
Man I'm bout to watch this fuckin movie. And eat starburst.
Really disappointed I'm going to miss the soccer game tomorrow. # False
You'd figure Glass playing in the defensive juggernaut known as Pittsburg would have helped his stats
Wow what a great day and night! Fuck Yeah!
I love not having a car...
I wonder what ubisoft is here for
Great way to start of summer
Lebron never travels
I really love being lied about is subtweets made by people who don't follow me. It makes me all tingly inside. \n\n
The Xbox One has so many great games out, I'm never bored while playing it!
So you mean to tell me I sat through two weeks of hell for that?
What a great weekend.
i'm sorry my transgender character is bisexual and white. i had no idea that was oppressive. my bad.
The Canberra Raiders big signing is!.......Josh McCrone re-signing!!!
I'm wearing my jersey today. I hope this isn't viewed as anti-American sentiment or terrorist sympathizing.
So Liriano is now hurt? At least we didn't need to sign AJ or anything because of our awesome pitching depth
Yasssss I love being stung by wasps
Thanks for telling me I'm running out of data despite having 2GB available!
Can always tell when it's someone that knows me really well that's calling me at work and pronounces the silent E in my last name.
Well that talk about feminism with my dad went well! lol
Love a night in with the in-laws!
Gotta love all this faking in soccer!
Did you know?? That you can get The Money In The Bank PPV on the WWE Network for only $9.99?? RAW1100
Absolutely love being exhausted, lying down to sleep, and suddenly being wide awake for the whole night
That was just what needed before work
Napier, McRoberts and Granger are definitely the pieces that will make Lebron stay!
Going out on a limb and saying I think France is going to advance.
20% chance of rain they said.
Some Grade A commentary going on at the table next to us
Hurray for 2 and a half hour long cheer practices at 7:30 in the morning!!!
Shocking! Children should be armed to the teeth!
I'm so excited I got a 25 cent raise this year
That awesome moment when your laptop decides to turn off and never turn back while youre in the middle of writing an essay....
RSS leader Ram Madhav to join BJP. Aur ache din aane wale hain.. wait and watch.
It's my birthday! ... and I'm at work until 10. Great!
Lotta options from the espn networks right now. WNBA or drag racing.
I love being in a divorced family because my mom calls us Skimes and the Hanson child.
I wasn't able to follow the today, but it seems like it was pretty boring anyway
I'd like to take this moment to thank Colombia for breaking Neymars back
Nothing like a couple good electric potential problems to start off your week
yay I get to play hearts wooooo
Oh no! Someone is showing their stomach! What a slut.
.very few things drive me away from a news site faster than \"...Page 2\", they think they're saving paper ????
So I'm just going to rub my crystal ball and make a wild guess that maybe not sure but maybe/possibly Germany is winning
Espero que saquen a y ponga a en ATV, sabe como mierda
DFA Jansen and Kemp!!!!
cant tell if I should be proud when I listen to Rammstein 'Amerika' it sounds so badass but they got to be making fun of us
Reddit, wine, and lethal weapon marathon. Love being single
Cats, rats, fish and now geckos. In 2015 I'm opening a zoo.
I love it when I make plans and then my boss decides to take an extra long lunch so my plans are ruined.
So the "big 3" for The Heat are opting out of their contracts?? Wow. What dedication they have!!
In a shocking turn of events, Grilli isn't good in low leverage either.
Time for jury duty
Tell me again how you are such a loving person and all about peace in the world but at the same time support Israel?
Had the convenience of going to and leaving with a broken mirror that spins around while I drive. Pretty solid service.
Riverwalk is poopin tonight and I am looking fabulous
Mia is spening the money that her asslickers donat6ed to her shitty band for vacation. Wow, how awesome.
I love being woken up 45 minutes early by a heavy snorer.
I remember when I went out of my way to screenshot ppls twitter
OMG CENA WON! I WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT!
Wow, I'm so happy it's supposed to storm during my entire time on Lake Huron this weekend!
everyones so hip after dark
Only one on the road this morning. How sweet.
Dom Brown steps to the plate: this should be great!
Don't worry Spain, Fernando Torres is here to save the day
Oh my god you guys. has lobster topped lobster! It's the American dream. It's like a beef topped hamburger!
creative racism through twitter. Im completely sure thats what the developers had envisioned their product being used for.
I love my internet! Frontier is the best ISP EVER!
applause to those who steal my news and then get all the recognition.
great township great neighbors
I love not being answered
It's not the experiences or the you've had that you'll remember when you're older, it's the you've taken.
So glad I used 5 transfers on Brazil players
First day of soccer conditioning tomorrow!
well that was a great way to tell Beth about her cancer
Another Christmas and no ipod touch 3...thx a lot mom
Great news to top off my perfect ass night
Busy train with a crying baby is always a nice journey home
I wish there were some trades and/or signings today in the NHL, but all is quiet.
It amazes me how neymar gets up after breaking his ankle
So Brooksie is be left to test free agency. GREAT.
wow i just love getting catcalled by gross teenage boys in cars, really makes me feel gr8 about myself!!!
Pendukung capres kamu emang paling pinter sedunia.
Stabbing is for free and if I don't like a person :stab stab stab stab stab stab !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Eish n feel nothing bowt it
\"Vivi: Y Karen que escuchas de musica? Tan Bionica? - NO! LOS ODIO! LOS DETESTO! Vivi:...ah...bueno...\" Bien Karen, cada dia mejor.
Love how quickly Verizon wireless is dealing with my phone issues
Another great experience with Airlines.
I love how the sun is shining so bright into my room. It's putting me in the mood to kill everyone :)
Gardening and stakes... I lead a terribly exciting life.
Oh Twitter. You're lack of tone indicators and fonts is a boundless source of joy for everyone.
If I were Locke, each reliever that screwed me out of a win gets a punch in the stomach. Plus, that Polanco is overrated.
Fred, who cost Brasil all 6 goals finally gets subbed and now the team will be instantly better.
LRT: Hope Mabry convinces Stanton to not screw up his dinger swing. You know, future .
Some unbiased commentators for this v game
Corporations have more rights than you do! Isn't that cool?
There is nothing quite like going back to work after a day off and having to stay late. Yayyy.
You all sure know how to make me feel fantastic
Gee I wonder if the heat won tonight....
Haha I can see that getting you so far in life.
This 14 hour shift is amazing!
Family, ah.....aren't they great.
My mom bought me tacos for breakfast
Oh My! Germany better step up their game!
But no actually, you guys are my only followers, and now at least I feel like my tweets are actually being looked at
Lebron hasn't decided to take his talents back to Cleveland. Oh gosh, what will I ever do!
I love going to a therapist because I'm a crazy bitch.
.nobody likes . (Said ally)
Sucks they left on such a painful note though haha.
Good game tonight
Thanks for the shout out . I'm glad twitter told me it actually happened.
I love being up at 145 am when I have to get up at 5
Who on earth is dum to give someone 10M coins LOOOL
Dad's day will apparently be spent at a brewery. I'm quite shocked.
Works gonna be fun tonight
My new Clint Dempsey shirt got here just in time....
I hear in Portugal the index finger is way worse than the middle finger.
lool how sweet ate all de pizza again today
oh christ...forgot abt the traffic
I\"m really surprised that this \"Sound Designer -- Relocate to Saudi Arabia\" persists in not being snatched up.
Now she got me wanting to cuddle. smh BUT my phone died
.I'm sure Israel planted it.
I wonder who left that note on my windshield!
How do you lose followers overnight? Haha
I'm back in the Carolina's. Yay.
So, we go from the thriller match to Group B snoozefests coming up. Yay....
Bored until I go to work yay this is exactly what I wanna do!
My favorite part of my day is when a pack of tourists with massive suitcases crowd onto the train.
Before any religion, its all about being human. Sure there was a VVIP movement, but who cares if 23 men were dead. Right?
S/o to my mom for another lecture about looking down upon swimming because it can make my skin dark.
Danica Patrick fucked up on her own. I'm so shocked
Slow day &amp; dragging but staying busy... Come on 3PM; Can't wait to go home &amp; work on my essay!!!
basically just going to emancipate myself, my mom said its okay. i love my life
One more Firefly tweet on my timeline would just really hit the spot....
I love how supportive everyone is
\": ok, ok, I have a good one. When ISIS conquer the US, they can rename the state 'Caliphornia'.\" :D
Oh no. The new Zelda game isn't realistic. Worst graphics ever. Real or die.
Love not being able to sleep in on the weekend Maybe time to start work on my website or find some new cosplay ideas for Shuto2015
What? Really? Jeter's retiring? This is the VERY FIRST TIME I'VE HEARD ABOUT THIS!!!
I'm glad that you trust me.
I'll bet are shatting themselves at the thought of facing or
I'm so happy that my aunt thinks that my mam doesn't trust me
I lead such an exciting life.
Just seen Westie at in HRN. Now all I need is an England victory to totally make my day.
I just love when people's kids invite one of my kids to do something, instead of their parents communicating the invitation to me.
Taking picture with other boys is definitely going to make him jealous!
It's been 7 years where the fuck is Call of Duty 5? I need a new one.
Only your poop.
Hit a old ladies Mercedes in fairway
Wear a religious sign (preferably a Muslim 2)&amp; u\"ll ll be considered as a threat to a modern society who cares of Republican values
Thanks because of you will never be the same
The blues have done well there signing hibbert for another two years!
My neighbors aren't even burning it though
I wish I worked longer so I have a reason to sleep all day.
I'm gonna do something crazy and go buy a lottery ticket!!!
I can't wait to start flying again at Woodvale. Truly the greatest station in Her Majesty's Air Force
The Heat didn't just lose this series, they got owned
All you soccer \"fans\" who know history, don't you remember 1986, '90 with Germany and Argentina? I'm sure you remember it so well.
I love when people talk about ghosts
*gasp* there this this thing on iMessage that can tell when have have read someone's message.....
dame papel y pluma BIEMM como el no tiene eso en su puesto
conclusion of last episode of : Lordes is a crazy bitch! power hunger ans a new religion will solve things for sure
And yes, I am absolutely crushed that Jennifer Lopez had to pull out from the opening ceremony
Unless it was ? Sorry didn't get The software to mine in tweets ;)
I wonder how ever in is with and his \"wonderful\" .
Looking forward to tomorrow's nasen even in Bristol -just need to get a few more reports done first!
A nice sunny day to go pay some bills.......
Jeter is having MONSTER FIRST HALF! .273 with 2 HRs and 23 RBI! Whoa! And look at that .651 OPS!
I have great friends.
I just love it when racist white men blatantly denigrate my religion based on the actions of radicals. Thanks Steve Price.
People are driving so good today
Tomorrows gonna be a blast for me!
. that's the exact pic everyone wants when they are at Times Square!
Can anyone tell me about Suarez? Did he get banned?
Sometimes I forget that people can't see my face or hear my voice when texting.
Know what's awesome? When a restaurant only fucks up the toddlers food so everyone else gets to eat but her. Thanks
I wish I had a violin for some people's "sad" story
Hooray for hives
Wow another lecture about figuring out my life and future. That helped, it's all so clear now...
My job is so fun.
lower yourself to their level...that'll teach em!!
Great job with the tonight !
Fantastic start to the week!
And back to work I go... You got to love working double shifts.
So one more thing Im not good enough at life is just soo swell
Paper cut on the tongue is always a great way to start the morning.:-\/ \n\nEnvelopes are not so nice....
If you don't at least know 101, I'm not sure we can be friends...because you will NOT like me.
I just love overthinking
Sarap mg date sa vet!!!!!!
Dont be so rude~~~
but do tell me \"Pancho's Mexican buffet\" has changed to REAL Mexican food
Rumors. They allow you to learn sooooooooo many things about yourself that YOU didn't even know. Pffft. How great is that?
The movie is set in Muir Woods &amp; SF, but was actually shot in Vancouver &amp; NOLA. I totally got that vibe everytime I was there
i just love when my car breaks down five times on the way home!
so I found out when the perfect time to get sick was... when you have no insurance and prescription price makes you want to faint.
Wow if that's what you get excited about then I think you're a bit too wild to hang out with someone like me.
I guess i should buy a cap to cover my face too. People get old you see Smile Please
Who has seen my brother's movie HomeFront? Wasn't that such a hilarious movie? Great comedy!
? Noo who spreads such mean rumours!! ?
shocking. just shocking. MT : "Nest to Share User Information With Google for First Time"
Yay pokemon with baby pre evolution are SO much fun to breed
And he told her "oh baby you have. A great future behind you"
.Silence. The sound of awesome customer service.
Because suing the president seems toooootally productive, House GOP. This is the party I would want to elect next term!
Warren Sapp is a speaker at the Rookie symposium, yea that fat ass is a great role model
The standard of trolls on has gone down. I miss satva &amp; ejb . For simple minded .
Suddenly American cares about \"soccer\" not that I'm wounded that they lasted longer in a cup for a sport we invented
Its really lovely that my family care that I'm home...
Que bueno que te preocupaste amigo
nothing celebrates our country's independence like shopping sales at the outlet malls all day
But if we lucky the bulls will trade up and draft the new jimmer, Doug McDermott....
I love soccer! No one wins!
All these top picks got tall Mamas should thought that out better when I was sizing up baby mommas
Thanks (usually white) cishet men for mansplaining why all the bs from this week is NBD. My lady brain would never get it.
I'm glad holds back to make sure there's something in the tank!
So glad Chelsea dumped Sturridge, he is absolute rubbish.
Can't you be any louder??
Love reading moaning tweets about players we haven't signed, for a season that hasn't started.\n\n
0 training weekend. Good thing I don't have any racing coming up. Stupid landscaping\/yard work.
Have a great suggestion. Y not Timmy pitch all AT&amp;TPark home games? only win when Timmy pitches at home. Good ideal u all?
It's good to see you striving for your goals
Barbara Boxer is so logical......
I love getting locked out of my Instagram account!
I really appreciate when comes in my room and turns off my fan...
Remember when we all die in 2012
On the bright side the Spurs missed 24% of their shots
Of course my hair looks good...and then I go outside and the humidity hits. Thank you so much, Mother Nature.
Thank you for putting 's \"Kim\" after 's \"Oh Bo\"... they compliment my music comedy set perfectly.
I may have just been fined. And like my ONLY other fine, ever, I'll TOTALLY get to argue my case fairly.
So the IRS, that looses emails, destroys hard drives, is responsible for overseeing Obamacare. Sure, I feel good about that.
Why is everybody already talking about and ... We can't wait for , It's going to be great!
Wow limited edition football razor from Gillette it must do something awesome while shaving
Helpful responses . I will certainly consider your product for my next printer.
Working from 11-7 on a holiday... Yay
Just kidding. I have other friends. haha. :)
Just a heads up. We're hearing LeBron is going back to Cleveland.
26 feels like 31; I can't wait to get to work and throw on pants and a bulletproof vest.
Keeping it classy USA fans ....
Incredible right? My word. Now that was a twistRegina_Baggie: Oh yeah, we're all just thrilled about them. \"
Me: This is my design.... I have blueprints
Oh, joy. An extra night in Vegas, courtesy of a door problem on my flight.
I meant to end the last 1,123 tweets with the hashtag but I kept running out of room!
Cable companies are just the most accommodating folks around
Tanaka blew out his elbow??? Didn't see that coming
Well this is not awkward at all.
Is there anything this man cant do!
Golly, I sure wish I was cool and could post pictures of myself smoking weed on Instagram. Those kids are going to do big things!
Polak to the leafs? Fantastic trade! He will look great paired with a Norris candidate like Phaneuf
I know Baghdad's about 2 fall 2 ISIS thugs but what I really want 2 know is how did 's golf game go?
S/O to my mom for telling me the score of the vs when I got off.
Yeah take me to see people when I'm pissed off that will make everything better...
Loving the two cold pastys from Mmm. Cold chicken pastys
My brother is also up and listenin to ghetto rap music at 7am. It goes along perfectly with the beautiful nature and birds chirping
Best. Feeling. In. The. World. Is being ignored.
Andrew Wiggins: "pfft, whatever, this is MY team"
The boys are going to be thrilled when they learn I'm dragging them to an open water swim tonight
you're so quirky and so much better than other girls omg!!!1!!11!
10 hrs later... oh how I miss this city!
Need a comment for someone who looks nice and their mate who looks like shit who I hate
I've been single for a while and i have to say it's going very well.
Thanks phone for still giving me weather alerts for Moon. It's really helpful
I'll be flying out for the Libertarian Natl. Convention. Can't wait to see my buddies
Eee, and they said romance is dead...
Cars are equipped w/ blinkers 4 a reason, &amp; it's a good one. I know it's hard to use while texting though, so it's all good.
\"I won't move on to the next chorus unless I see 10 couples sucking face!\" - what every single lady wants to see. Lol!
Working until 10 tonight and going back to work at 10 in the morning! Yay!
Danica Patrick will win one of these days, LOL.
GL to at his final table today. Skill hard work and well deserved. .Buy your boyfriend something nice with the money
Nothing better than work after a parade! Yay!
Great weather and whiplash perfic
I love this month!!! There's an excuse to drink everyday starting at 9am
The triple crown. All England teams lose. The only answer is to add more support staff, add another management layer &amp; pay more
100% humidity. Nice.
\"Chew tobacco. Chew tobacco. Chew tobacco, SPIT!\" \n-greatest country lyric ever\n
If the sign \nI'm throwing my jersey on the ice\n But seriously \nFuck that guy
This day seemed to start off good :)
I see Cooks contributed again
Just got to prop &amp; line of agents/buyers waiting but no keys in lockbox. Should post a pic - maybe seller is on Twitter!
The most important part of crowdsourcing the budget for a project is to tweet links to celebrities. \n\n
WHAT?! Im Shocked!!!!! RT : Brad Richards has been bought out by the New York Rangers, source says
Working a 16 hour shift then having to stand on a bus ride home for an hour, I love my life
Wish &amp; would just admit they're coming to play for the .
The reason Yoona casted as the main lead because she always got the popularity awards. This drama will be hugh success
God love a bald-face liar!!!
O.M.G Brazil won! GAME OVER! 1-0.
rele glad the r playing so well l8ly . but it's all good
It's going well then.
The one thing I don't like about soccer is all the 1-0 games.
yaa skool 2morrow the joy of skool
I love getting ignored all day.
Ugh. Have to clean my WHOLE room according to my mum. Sure! Of course it's gonna happen!
So once again, has ignored me and didn't follow me. YAY!!!!! . PLEEEEEEASE
Oh I'm fine thank you, I maybe dying or something but you wouldn't know because you didn't ask
I love it when my work schedules me till 230am then gives me a shift at 10am in the morning
No yeah , with about to go to war, that's what I want to see.\n\n
WOW! WHAT A DEAL!
Ada eek, disiram air tebu. Iya, manis sih. Tapi masalahnya kan itu... eek.\n\nSama kayak...\n\nDuh sapa ya?
Yay I have another giant mystery bruise!
What's the point in arguing with my mom if she's always right?
Waiting at the DOT for an hour to get my license it is really fun
My favorite player in all of is now because his walk up song involves Phil Collins.
Wow is it gonna rain? Gee Wilikers that's an entirely new phenomena that I'm just leaning about..
I blocked do I win a prize ?
Great pass Twelvetrees
YES GOOD JOB IRAN YES AWESOME VOW I CANT BELIEVE VOW TANK GOD TANKS GOD VOWWWW
Somebody get a net.
Hmm you don't see many athletes with thigh gaps...wonder why???
If you were twice as smart as you are now, you'd be absolutely stupid.
Thoroughly enjoying sleeping on the floor tonigh
Ruined trainers and cut hands, arms and elbows. The joys of playing basketball on concrete courts!!
Assdribble Cabrera first pitch swinging... Never!!
That love for from though.
Hey you, ! A poser of ? :) Can't you just? Ugh. -_-
I feel much safer now that says released not threat to sigh
Really glad I watered the lawn this morning.
In fact, I should just give up this novel and start writing fanfic. *chews pen*
was such a big hit that they made a book out of a movie....crazy!
With no today I think I'll catch up on some old stuff I've overlooked.
I was so many people's wcw today
I love watching confused servers in a restaurant.
Fancied some exercise so I thought I'd go for a run through Heathrow which was loads of fun
All the men speaking in the Senate hearing look nervous &amp;sound guilty, clueless &amp;evasive. Just what you want from the ppl in charge
Oh good, Mark Lawrenson's doing the commentary for this game. He's fantastic and so exciting.
This night has been wonderful!!!!
After 90 minutes no goals scored - y'all were right this is absolutely fascinating....
Paki greet po sya ng happy fathers day
Sierra has that average up to .182 lol but it's that stellar defence that makes up for it.
Luis Suarez banned for 9 games. I'm sure that will hurt him.... Whilst still getting paid....
The best cross ever by Rooney ! Hahaha
The best conversations happen after 5 drinks.
I absolutely love my live. Oh my gosh, it's fucking perfect.
If insult me and think im not gonna come back with a remark your wrong (\/._.)\/
Wow this Iran v. Nigeria game is way to intense for me!
Natalie: Yeah like two!
The new buses have fake leather seats - my lower back isn't sweating at all leaving damp patches whilst I sit on it! ?
Working Out Today Is Gonna Be Soo Much Fun
I can't wait for the Hobby Lobby fundraising emails!
It's always so much fun waiting for your kid at the dentist!
OH NO!!!! I'm trapped a Tokyo Joe's due to the storm! Woe is me!
it's really evident that you've changed.
Shame.......poor Brazil! Lol
Whaaat? the blue team WON????? I'm so shocked
Spurs bout to take this chip...
Four Months Off: Bucket List for Luis
Oh, you've been dating for two weeks?\noh, he's definitely the one, I can here the wedding bells ringing!\n
Me and my girl on my avi
Oh goody, my family's home!\n\n
Today's going to be a great day I can tell already.
Was Ronaldo even on the field the first half? yet!
It's great when you travel a good distance to escape your troubles for a while... and then they follow you.
i love how you say your going text me then you dont.\nmaking me feel specail\n
The Singapore Kindness Movement is reserved exclusively for Singaporeans and PRs.
I didn't get senior week. I don't get to go to the parkway and I don't get to love away for college. I'm living a risky life rn
Why yes twitter, I would like to see posts from something I unfollowed
Oh no! I forgot to Instagram my dinner, and I've eaten it all up!
Wow I just love having nightmares about dying EVERY night :)
Nothing like coming home from a day of working, school and studying until 9:30pm to get in a argument.
Hurray for mid summer, early morning,, Saturday exams.
'Cause if someone jumps over your back and falls down, you obviously fouled him.
more "evidence" that obama is wrecking america.
Nothing like a nice soothing pirates game to end the evening
Love my neighbors. With their illegal fireworks that sound like atomic bombs....just love it.
\"Obama said i could be anything if i put my mind to it so i became \" -- 13yr old Cousin.
once again not understood
Pres. Obama can't use soccer to distract us from the truth on now!
Looks like It's going to be a good day at work today (:
I know I'm surprised Pierzynski didn't work out.
Yes, let us continue to use the cheapest, pollutin'est form of energy for economic growth because that's really all matters.
Oh did the Kings win the cup? I had no idea
Canucks making some Kevin Lowe-esque bold moves today.
Can't wait till the US gets to play Germany!!!!!
Johan Derksen heeft dus echt wel swag
I'd like to thank all of my friends who helped me get through the shittiest time in my life..Oh I forgot, they don't exist
That made me feel a whole lot better lol.
I'm actually looking for Tego in the audience shots... hahahahaha jk
\": I love not doing shit on Saturdays \"
I wish more people spoke obsessively about the minutiae of their wedding plans. It always makes for riveting conversation always.
SO MANY NEW EVENTS!!
is such a charmer. Token douchenozzle.
....anyone know if there's a emoticon?
I personally believe is more than worthy of an all star bid! Thanks Derek Jeter
The tabloid Bild on Germany's 7-1 win: "We're sorry, Brazil, we didn't mean to hurt you that much."
Lost in all the celebration, nobody acknowledged that kawhi fouled out of this game? man, he really let his team down.
Kenapa Puchong panas sangat ni?
I just love how I can't watch streams from my favorite people by regular Twitch or its apps. It's wonderful.
Guy mentions that he likes a certain thing. Girl all of a sudden a HUGE fan of that thing. Nothing suspicious there...
This is the best feeling ever.
Thank you for texting me and waking me up this early it is greatly appreciated
Let's talk about how the suck!
Makes me happy that the ac kicks on arnd 330 daily
How creative. ": Soulja Boy made an animated series about himself called, Soulja Boy: The Animated Series.
I love liars
Flipping through tv channels drunk... "Sex sent me to the ER" must be an amazing show
I'm sure will be now with crying for ........
ISIS trying to get control of oil refineries. I wonder who they are doing that for?
No text? That's cool...
That's like his 12th right? .
Turning out to be such a good night.
Homework time!! Yay!!
Didn't get to sleep all night and now its time for me to go out for the day
Boy if today was any better I might have to take a pill to calm my excitement.
I think one of my wisdom teeth is coming in. What opportune timing.
Partying last period tomorrow so excited
Glad my mother thinks so highly of me
Flaherty's at second tonight? Must be a reward for his wonderful at-bat in the ninth last night.
Amaro: \"I still think we're in this thing. We're definitely buyers now. I think. Probably. Kind of.\"
Woah not all at once.
List of things aint nobody got time for...\n\n1. THAT ! \n\n:D
Blokes really know how to make a girl feel special sometimes
Love when my little sister snapchats everyone in my phone
Give me Fellaini and 10 pieces of wood,i'll give you a forest
S/O to &amp; . You're great people, s'much fun hanging with y'all this evening
Just heard Hartnell got traded from the Flyers!! Thanks for the 89 texts from friends to see if I had heard!
42 shots in my arm
Love that trade from Anaheim. They even kept 10th overall. Clearly, swapping third rounders sealed the deal.
This call of duty game isn't exactly like every one before it.
Could I just get 1 full day of sunshine please? I know that's asking a lot from the "Sunshine State"
Oh no US lost..... How surprising!
I love Busquest
I just love that so much
Love that I have friends that only talk to me when they want something
What so bad about being a slave. You get free housing free food and you're kept busy most of the day.
Filming a wedding tomorrow and im totally not nervous at all
My sources are telling me Lebron is going to retire and coach the 76ers.
If Jake Odorizzi doesn't turn into Nolan Ryan, the James Shields\/Wade Davis trade is a waste.
I really like having a cracked screen.
The luck I have with cars in incredible
AMAZING GOALIE THO
\"money\" can buy you friends too. lol.
Sitting at the DMV pulled number 991 there now serving 970 I love my life
I love seeing ugly cunts that I can't stand&lt;3
This is going to be a great day tomorrow yes it is
I'm sure male journalists get this kind of nonsense after puff pieces all the time, .
I love wasting money, time and resources on unprofessional bloggers.
Gosh, our defense already sucks. Color me shocked.
got info from someone saying spain is getting ready to pack their bags and leave brazil early.
Glad everyone else is enjoying this lovely afternoon while I'm stuck at work
Don't cha just love talking to walls?
It I ever needed dating advice of defo go to Jamie
To be waited on hand and foot, have your butt changed without a second thought. Yeahhh last tweet was straight haha
Obviously because of the weather the levels go off the charts.seriously you have a combined age of 35
YAY ITS INDEPENDENCE DAY CONGRATS AMERICA FOR TURNING 2014!!!!!!!!!!!!
A shame the first two games of the second part of the group stage didn't live up to the first group of exciting matches.
You're so appreciative of everything I do for you.
a hospital visit at midnight sounds wonderful
I'm glad I really have friends and a social life
because life is too black and white for anything else.
I was video taped on a traffic stop. I'm so scared!
I bet you're ecstatic to see Blake
Well a ban worked last time so makes complete sense to give him the same punishment.
WOO SO EXCITED
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand
The Pistons didn't need Noah Vonleh
Wow, what an upgrade.
\"is interpreted as yet another manner to normalize oppression.\" - Nawal Ouanani
The last thing you rted is soo true
Landon Donovan speaks way too fast and needs to relax a bit
How to be a proper person worthy of less contempt by Lichgem, Darkgob, &amp; Youneedacat
2 unit flood!! Yayyyy!!!
You know what I like about your face? Me neither.
No, who keeps coaches more than 6 months? MT Quick question first: Is Herrera right coach to lead El Tri to Russia?
Great to find out I'm sleepwalking again
Take away my phone and ground me while your at it
Really enjoying the (maybe drunk) teenager who yells BANG!! at the top of his lungs w every firework that goes off.
My mom tells me to be nice Sure: do you wanna sleep in my bed? Wear my clothes? Listen to my music? Let's watch Sherlock together?
Oh hey, said killing a family of 8 in was an "error." Ok great, the survivors can move on now.
Tywin is getting lots of love this Father's Day.
My dad just told me he was emptying the dishwasher so I could fill it
Just these two weeks. Then
UEFA is a joke. FIFA should give its spots to CONCACAF RT : Italy hasn't looked this bad since the last World Cup.
One thing I really really love in Ibiza is looky looky men.
Yay a NHL game that's not hitz
Some day should come with a warning label \"Today sucks.Bring Alcohol\"
Glad I stayed up until midnight to see the pick. Hope this guy 'Cash' we got from the pans out.
Almost to my 10,000th tweet ALL of which have been incredibly relevant, intelligent, and as necessary as this one.
Brazil should flop more.
Random stock tips in my email. I'm so in. Here's my money.
Where'd the "best four years of my life" go.
The kids decided it's Christmas in June
oh gee yay, my daughter found her duckcall.
Is Nicole from Fargo?
OMG alien isolation in 1080p. That just makes me want to play it so much more!!!!
That was 90 minutes well spent.
Oh, Let it Go is on the radio! How exciting! I haven't heard that song since yesterday.
Driving 20 mph in a 70 speed limit...Yay!
..and my phone freezes and power cycles. Thanks.
Kingman looked a little slow towards the finish there
Yes! Every tiny thing on is my fault! I orchestrated, planned, wrote, filmed &amp; edited all of it!!!
OMG I gotta wake up soo early for that flight, at 6 in the afternoon.
The support themselves are mentioning dont use our website to track ur usage? Great
XboxOne sold less then PS4 in May So folks did not spend an extra $100 now, knowing it will be cheaper in June? Wow, big surprise!
Hurray for depressing phone calls home to mom.
Thanks alarm clock for waking me up on time
Lobaton being mismanaged.
60% of sexual assaults not reported to the police, probably because they're "good girls"
Countdown to "ngidol" prohibition laws.
You should probably stop talking &amp; go make a selfie collage or something. Yo selfie game is strong...
Watching Air Crash Investigation increases my confidence in aviation
Oh? IU is going to KCON too? I'm sooo not jealous.....
I just got home from the ACT and I'm already doing yard work thanks dad
Thank goodness has this whole week off from work so she can recover from this long weekend.
So looking forward to a weekend of bugger all, of not being able to move my car &amp; randomers standing on my drive
Yes! It's rainy and cold again today!
Let's do useless things.
Well Titans fans looks Ike another great year ahead . Pre-season ranking of (30/32)
No sleep again &amp; now the soon is rising :) gonna be a ray of sunshine ha reading through the night ha
Girls be like...
is When starts playing games with you when we have crossed our age of playing Games...
Wide awake at 545am got to love it!
How do I curl my hair using hair straightners?!
My day is starting lovely.
*said in a southern accent*
The weather says \"partly cloudy\" and I thought it said \"party city.\" Now I'm just reminiscing the good old days of working retail...
This is the third time since Friday, that I'm at the airport! Why? Because they've got the best coffee! Freshly imported!
Man, MLS ruined Cesar.
LOL! ? Wow! Look who's back? \": hahaha....very funny \"
oh sorry, i forgot that you are old and stupid
Come on Joel. Have a good tournament and usurp Giroud next season. Heard it here first
Love when my dad umps games and tells the pitcher what to throw because it's my weakness..
Interesting..Can I wear awards my grandad got in WW2? Why not?
And to top this great night off... a wonderful storm.
needs to be champ the guy has skills he is ahead of his time he is going down in history as one of the greats
Just another Koch brother lie, obviously.
Oh baby, if Thornton actually signed with the Panthers I can actually see him play a few extra times this year! ...
Man I'm so sad the week I was gone was the week of CUSA....
Sony's press conference is at 2am UK time? Well done. (sad hype train choo choo)
Herrera to united.i just fell off my chair.
Did something just happen in Parliament House?
So long 3MB, so sad to see you go.
Kind of cool that guv has lost 800 of my dollars and apparently there is nothing I can do about it.
Will be missing the for a week or so. Thank you, neck. You're too awesomely weak.
Heading back to Fort Mcmurray obviously to see the sights!!! #...myfamily
Now Lebron isn't even in the game?? Wowww
The picture is easy to form an opinion on when you don't look at all of it, .
Que bien se siente acostarse a las 4:30 y levantarse a las 8. Que ricooo!!
aaand off to school again. gr8.
Walang makakatalo sa mo. Panalong panalo teh. Push mo pa yan.
Well this summer is fun
Well that was once easy first night of dress rehearsal.
So glad this summer cold is still here. .
How deeply disappointing for our Aussie champion.
Obama\/Kerry offering to intermediate in Gaza. If you needed further proof that the stalemate going to linger for a very long time
Can't wait to hear the unbigoted thoughts &amp; opinions in regards to the trademark cancellation.
just ate an ice cream bar for breakfast. work is going swell
Y el chucho benitez?
\"We have only been speaking for two minutes. Try not to waste all your in one breath.\"
I can't wait for the decision number 2.
That was some soccer match, huh? Fast paced, high scoring and non-stop excitement
At Dunwoody MARTA headed down to the - so far, 4 North bound trains... And no South bound. I guess the burbs are buzzing.
I'm watching, "Titanic," for the first time. I'm really looking forward to Jack and Rose's impressions of Newfoundland!
Yeah, soccer is really boring. It's not entertaining at all.
People really know how to put me in a FANTASTIC mood !!!
I can't wait to go to the gym! Can you ?
So compassionate. So pro-life.
Perfect timing to get sick
These chicks dont even know the name of ..
Empezo mi novela favoritaaa!!! Wooo!!!
Anticipating the lovely coursework for A Level next year &lt;3 Lovely
Probably should have offered G/Jake/Couts/Simmer for the 1st pick because we're in such bad shape without an overrated dman
What a new concept for an RPG
I love sitting at home with a numb face drinking only liquids
I love when my 0% fat Greek yogurt tastes like aspartame.
\"Wow! Wow! Wow!\" --play-by-play description of Columbia goal. Thanks for that quality call.
Livin' the dream
Well aren't you the 'emotionless' person who doesn't care about anything else but yourself? Nice knowing you
This is fuckin awesome
Great day to sit in a mall for seven hours
I love when my boss txt me and complains about co-workers or things I dont need to know
I love being ignored really....
Length Of The Is Propotional To The Of
Nice to see scenes of unfettered warmth and friendship between Lewis and Nico there
Yay Happy birthday to me.
That Channing Frye addition really makes Orlando a contender
S/O to for being the best texter, and snap chatter EVER!
Yay dr.'s appts where I get stuck with a gazillions needles!
This is exactly why i took holiday from work! To clean!
Austin Jacskson with the tonight.... That's what you want from your leadoff man
There's a Christian rock concert happening at the gazebo next to us..
Thanks for caring more about your stocks and shareholders than your members
Lekker bezig uruguay
What better way to celebrate my return from Las Vegas than a dental cleaning!
This chick just ate a parrot head she found on the ground, then has abdominal pain. Really?
is frustrating sometimes.I get AA AIPF against KK and JJ for chip lead size pot.Board runs out xxJ-K-x
On my way to Phoenix. I love 5 hour car rides through the middle of no where
What? LeBron was a free agent? I've been watching ESPN for days and had no clue!
Getting asked out by high men at the bar really boosts the confidence level
RT : The love stories are always the best part of "24"
Back to the great Woodland! Yay!!!
At least Moore was able to get a share of 5th, woohoo
Stupid article written by intelligent person
Best joke ever : My grades
That's okay , I wasn't enjoying my sleep anyway.......(inset sign here).
I don't get how Tyler Ennis is gonna be able to play for both the Suns and the Sabres
How dare Leighton Baines win the ball! Must be free-kick!
So excited to work 8-330 then 7-11 tomorrow !!!
Tanta rapidez en un ordenador me mata
Can't wait 4 new Ben to put his acting chops to work when his Dad arrives!
Off for a college taster session
Yet another note that is left for me to go to the gym, I love how subtle my family is about dropping hints
Wow. Nothing like i expected young money's acceptance speech to be.
You mean I passed an accident by all that construction on 3rd street?! Shocking ....
so the spend $5M+ to an aging &amp; slowing D-man, but couldn't meet Grabovskis worth? Already liking this GM!
so much diversity Pretty much mono black and mono red killing everything right now in big standard events.
Oh no they took away CASt in , how am I ever going to have lime green jeans or a leopard print sofa!?
Shout out to my parents for letting me sleep 2 hours! And then deciding to go to Wimberley! Gosh my parents are the best!
I find out my , and get a half assed excuse, , and made felt like being is an excuse
Yay! Le parents are going to talk to some peeps about how they can afford to go their separate ways! Buzzin!! .....\n\n
Then I have to go to the hellhole.
Afinal acabo as aulas dia 14 de Julho, mas que bom
don't even know if I'm kidding or not
ROISD New Employee Induction. Today's agenda: Insurance.
Already been awake for 30 minutes. Sunday is off to a great start.
Woowww this rain is great
It's so awesome when you figure out the person you have feelings for has the same exact feelings\n\n...for someone else.\n\n
What a lovely way to end my day at ACE.
Great, apparently EVERYTHING is now my fault\/my job\/my problem.
The Oilers took a forward with a high draft pick? No way!
It's promising that ill pass when half of my booklets aren't filled in
That Rooneys fault for not been taller.
I'm learning so much from the guy at the bar giving extra commentary!
Well, that's wasn't freaky at all...
You're hella cute.
I'm sure glad the men in black robes are looking out for me. What would I do without them? I'm only a woman.
I love when my kids don't listen.
College World Series doesn't look fun
Yeah so start work in 6 hours can't sleep and to top it off Iam doing a 12hr shift!!! Lol
Nothin like workin in the rain.
RnR Good Environment = Good You: Fight for the last Slice of Earth we have!
Side alliances. Guys vs. Girls. Never seen that before!
I feel so much happy and complete with life now that the colonizer has recognized me as an aboriginal
Having a great day in summer school so far!
I've never heard that one! Your wit FLIES in the face of years of corn-related puns. RT aMAIZEing
Thank you Bosnia for playing your best when it did not matter, thank you Iran for playing your worst when it mattered most
I always feel so important, it's great.
who's Cameron Dallas?
is my middle name.
Mexico playing dirty...NOW I've seen it all.
Lol nice pass
Yah, I didn't see any reason to keep Raymond either.
Minority Report meets "Demolition Man." No chance for abuse here.
Love world cup tweets
Well...we all knew was a factual science fact based show...."rushing woman syndrome" my arse
I can only imagine the inspirational speech the U.S. coach gave at halftime.
Tomorrow plays . Their will try to last 90 minutes and beat their record.
Because who doesn't love going to bed upset?
People are really funny sometimes.. -_-
The literal pain of wearing your retainer for the first time in weeks
Love how original people are with their tattoos
Wow. Those were some storms.
Be safe this week all you ravers.
My phone is still broken lol awesome
The heat def need Carmelo cause Lebron, Wade, and Bosh just are some garbage.
Dentist on my birthday....greeeaaatttt.
I absolutely love how people think it's fine to play with others feelings.
It's all good
Germany vs The Netherlands sounds good to me - nice friendly rivalry to spice a dull tournament up
I'm a tad bummed that I'm not at . Instead, I'm experiencing it vicariously through all these wonderful tweets!
Guys im gonna post a huge F1 spoiler.
I love being able to sleep
\"Are those prescription glasses?\" No, I just wear them for fun.
I know people I know
A new Seth Rogan/James Franco movie about social issues? Man, I can't get enough of their dick and pot jokes.
My faggot of a boyfriend just broke my phone case
Exploit pa ang emotions nila, kuya. More!
getting better with age....
Whee, I get to do more cycle counts and pray nobody shows up so I can finish them!
John followed me but Justin ignore me, SO COOL
Suarez bites Chiellini? Maybe? That would be so unlike him! :/
What a great night this turned out to be
I love playing the "firework or gun shot" game.
Oh joyous day, tomorrow is the start of summer school
When my gf just randomly stops texting me out of no where
Only till . We're going to see Scott tortured, DH MIA, and Stalia happen! Great season
We're so good at planning and being ready to go when the time comes to leave.
Dear Liberals, when will you demand the name change of Cracker Barrel? As a Caucasian I feel offended by it.
My favorite part is that Nani of all players scored. I can't believe he actually made a shot on goal and not blowing it over.
BTW, that was before was a
Awesome! My boss just changed my hours again. Looks like I'll have to get up at 530 now. Just what I always wanted.
So, I think I will tweet about the noms, since no one else has today.
Crutches are cool.
So, how many papers is too many to be writing at one time? Five? More than that?
Don't quit smoking lady, you'll gain weight.
Ya know, it totally doesn't bother me that all of my once best friends hang out with each other without me?
Wow do I love feeling like this.
There's like $40 in my pension. I'm totally gonna be able to retire at 30.
Do you work here? No I just wear this ugly uniform for fun
Best part of today: I'm leaving with $0 cash thanks to tip out
I do love 11 hours min rest between duties
.A non-profit run by volunteers should totally be capable of policing what goes on outside.
Everybody is at the beach today. Guys I keep missing these memos. Internet sucks now-a-days.
Why? :( I guess I'll head in the shower before going to see Kat then I need to find a hotel room yay!
Well aren't Monday mornings just a delight.
Claro, es que mi celular es un \"poco\" lento.\n\n
Looking for attention by airing out your problems on Facebook. Seems like a pretty reasonable thing to do.
thanks . it makes since the corporations can have religion since religions have been corporations for a while. ?
You can't tell at all that this is TNT's last year doing races :p
No, no, it's okay. I'll sit and watch you score
Got the quick way home tonight. Meet @ castle carrock change vans. Go to carlisle then calthwaite the home.
But I thought a majority supported amnesty
Just another touchdown and Brazil has this thing tied again
Wonderful day for a stadtbummel!
\": Germany is making like Wisconsin in the 2012 Big Ten title game.\" has tons of class nice job
Thanks for the help.
toilet sprung a leak and landlord is asleep... this is going to be a fun night
Wow what a great day
But I wouldn't know anything about sports because I'm a girly girl
having so much fun in my backyard ha ha
Sure I'd love to go to lunch an hour early...
How can I go to sleep when I have so many things to do?
\"Go scratch\" no, I'm not Italian or from NJ...
alah bukan hebat pun iran ni..lawan argentina je..malaysia lawan barcelona kot..\n\n
I love being so tired that I almost fell asleep while driving. ONE MORE JOB! Zzzzz's is all I want
Neymar "I could've been paralysed". I hate footballers...
\"Yeah, I'll go jogging earlier today. Get it done with.\" Subsequently dies of heat stroke
my mother told me I could become everything I want to be. So I became insane. #
MEDIA :Everything is subjective &amp; contextual says seems to be in PRAISES of ruling partyThe Nation owes an apology
Bigger cable companies are like communism: the bigger it gets, the better the service
I'm so sweet if sickens me.
Eating pasta w\/ vodka sauce and bread for lunch because I probably wont eat the exact thing tonight @ work
Got to love nights like tonight.
Yes four hours of driving school my favorite!
How many likes for this English Hero?
Just scheduled knee surgery for december 19!
Good night and sleep terribly
That's true....glad I've spoken to you now Dave, feel much better and can't wait to get into work!
Super awesome to come home to. FUCKIN AWESOME ?
I love being woken up by my neighbors fighting at 8:15 am on a Sunday.
Pepe sent off? I can't believe it!\n
I love surprise RSVPs at the last minute. Sureeee come on along.
I am unbelievably excited to do nothing on my day off.
Dental work this afternoon - yay!
Sorry Newman center, it's not my fault the placement of my window is shitty. You're probly gonna be seeing my boobs alot. Sorry
Not yet even in the office and so far this day has been a real gift!
Que gran consuelo que despues del partido hay X0 jajaja....
Wow. The Algerians look like a happy bunch.
Damn, our president is so cool and relatable. He drinks beer, loves parties, and hates working. He's just like me!
Yeah, I can tell that you really feel bad about that don't you.
really crushed! Pool parties that end @ 4pm rock! Keep these sick parties goin hope all those POS' don't come back
have 9 runs and none are by the leadoff hitter? He's a scrub! Getimouttathere!
Only in Quebec. Where smoking at bus stops is still considered cool.
Love the ppl who clean their vehicle out at the drive thru window.
Loving all these new football fans that are appearing on my fb and twitter.
Great way to start this game guys....
That was the most loving I Love You I have ever gotten. (:
Human rights are a threat to "development".
For there being no WMD in according to DEMS, ISIS sure does have an supernatural ability to find them in Iraq.
Well my day has judt been made thank you
I was gonna ask why there isn't a White Entertainment Awards, but realized that would make me racist.
Is it bad that the two jobs I always get told I'd be good at are comedian and politician, I feel like those are very similar.
Crossfit is terrible. Who would do that BS. These guys look like shit.
Wow I really wish radio stations played \"Drunk on a Plane\" and \"Riverbank\" more. I only got to hear both 5 times last night!
The "America's Player" idea didn't work, so now we're going to have America's alliance? Yeah this will work I'm sure.
Obama talking about education and reading??!! That's so stupid.
S/O to our GPS.
If you're interested in having a great conversation about and , please tweet at . He loves the sport.
the best thing about not being tired right now is that I have to be up in less than 3 hours
And I'm supposedly playing games.
My issue today: which bikini?
Finally on the 6.55pm flight to Edinburgh. I'm in a great mood now after 5 hours at the airport...
You're welcome . You're free from your dictator now.
Well this has been a very successful nights sleep
Well Melissa isn't suspicious at all.
Thank you MCC 3171 for the bouquet of rocks! You have made a lasting impression on my hood and my front windshield.
I freaking love when 6' tall+ people stand in front of me. Really, it's my fave.
Really appreciate this. Thanks.
Room cleaning update: everything is now in one corner of the room so I can now see some of the carpet. Yay progress.
I would subtweet about how much I hate subtweeters... But that would make me one of them...
I have no voice. This is awesome.
I love that my family is always on time for everything!!!!!!!!
Oh man... Did I miss Lebaby's 3 hour special on his return to Cleveland. Forgot to record that shit .
Now who could have predicted this?
RT : Good job good effort on Werth covering 1B on that rundown.
Happy World Humanist Day to those who celebrate !
Yay, go Brazil!
Rio joins Mutton Chops at Power Rangers Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Saggy gave him his start in football, just in case you never knew !!!
Young ladies go crazy for that tatted guy with no ambition young lady do your thang you will advance far
, , needs 11 more followers to hit 5,000! Please give him a follow.
I wouldn't know it was Father's Day if it wasn't for Instagram
I know girls who're supporting Manchester United in the ! :D :D
I love when people don't answer messages/mails. I just love :P
What the German team is pragmatic? NO!
I thought goal line technology was supposed to remove controversy! ... Where was it for Sterling's 'Goal'! ...
I am so prepared for my calculus test
Dear Allergies, I hate you so much. Love, Sally
Gallop conducted telephone interviews with 1,027 people. Not a single corporation was included. Aren't corporations people too?
Father of All the "Russky"!
Nothing says boston like \"California girls \"
Tupelo Walgreens. Yay!
Great start to the day
En toen was de maandag weer om.. Nu weer pitten om vervolgens weer te werken
Vomiting at work is AWESOME!!!!
Our car industry has been killed by a far right wing ideology. Good work.
I think leaders have "more important" issues to address!
Thanks for ignoring me for two days.
Best feeling ever..... when someone ignores you
\": 'Boy Meets World' Star -- LEFT DODGERS GAME EARLY ... Missed Kershaw's No-Hitter\" oh em gee how dare she!
Very impressed with the free agency signings thus far....
Yay found another specialist for my thyroid issues
I'm going to post every time it's on cause it's just AMAZING!
God is someone who get's all the credit for whatever good we do.
LIFE-CHANGING EVENT: 's exclusive, has eaten his first cannoli, in Boston.
Pudsey the Movie is out on July 18th. That is my birthday. What a treat
Getting in my jogging gear to convince myself I've been for a run.
Can't wait to listen to the zac brown band for 6 days straight
A+ Monday. Monday let's do this again, really. Thanks for the fulfilling conversations and insightful outlooks on life.
no offense means Im about to insult you, but dont get mad.
The Unwillingness to change... It seems to be with A lot of people I know. Blame the other person! it's always their fault~
So for the "winning ingredients" were going to talk to someone who will finish no better than 30th today. Makes sense...
The newest wave is taking pictures of strangers and calling them your \"bae\" better hop on it before you miss out
On Sky News they're suggesting T Welsh jihadists were radicalised in a MOSQUE, Imagine that
Lol 5-0 ": as an Aussie, very happy for KP to be on the sidelines and cook leading the team, long may it last!"
Thats it guys, post more half naked photos of yourselves...im sure everyone really gives a shit and cant wait for the next one! .
So, one advantage of being a tall runner is getting to knock down spider webs for everyone else on early AM runs...with my face.
So tired. Can't wait for tomorrow
Soccer is very fun to watch and I would not rather be watching grass grow.
So I have to create an 8 pages extended definition essay about \"\"
I love taking an hour to warm up my groin before I can do squats
It's awesome when a bus driver sees you standing @ a stop in the pouring rain &amp;doesn't stop to pick you up.
another 2 years of Quincey, awesome!!!!!
Yeiiii mother nature came to visit me :-)
Today is going to be fantastic, I can already tell.
I got this sleep thing down pat!
Looking forward to sitting around all summer doing nothing
More sluts follow me. How nice~
List of things aint nobody got time for...
Guess who's staying up all night to finish the promo! This guy........ Yay
No food after midnight so I guess I'll just eat everything in sight while I can?
Don't you just love being locked out of your house? It's awesome
Lol I love seeing no texts when I look at my phone
If I loved myself more than I love pizza
You haven't lived until you've done a Food safety handling certificate online
I Love Saturday Classes &lt;3
I bet the Pacers are really happy they were able to get George Hill from the Spurs for the draft pick that became Kawhi Leonard.
Wow! 0-0! Really exciting game there!
Yea, so outta everything, LeBron stays in Miami because of a rookie picked in the 20's?!? Makes sense...
Don't u know wrecking the HC system for 2 million out of 300 million is compassion
While making it home after work is great, they journey there is not one to look forward. I'm at to walk to
Me parece que Neymo se ve genial con ese rubio platinado...\n\n
floored by 's propal to the british muslims... WOW, sir, so smart. and fair.
Wish the BBC would make it clear the referee has made the wrong decision.
that would've been Belgium's 50th goal!
How did you know the perfect way to thank me for driving you to Wendys is leaving your trash in my car?! You're too kind!
Sweet, The NFL \"lost\" their concussion judgement. This won't change football at all.
Isn't it funny when fat people try to enjoy things?...lol they look so funny shouldn't they be watching tv or something lets laugh
Off to a good start.. Stung by something at the beach! Woohoo!
\": can't wait to watch you play more Annie \" okay im annie
Don't let your kids play soccer, parents. \nThey'll become flaming Socialists before they hit puberty. \n
Because Mondays are definitely my friend!!
Well that first exam went great.... &amp;P
There's nothing better then am icy cold shower after a hard workout.
Last retweet... okay, sure SCOTUSblog, that's exactly how the decision will be read &amp; no one use it for that purpose. Okay.
Jo might actually be my dad's favourite ever footballer, followed closely by Hulk
Next up: requires patrons to sign faith statement to enter stores
A falta de autoestima,rompa en llanto para ser una (Drama Q\/K) y tener gente a su alrededor q le laman las heridas por usted.
No rain and the bleeding heat is back. SO MUCH FUN working outside...
Code changed just because I started organizing my room for upcoming college. Gee, thought they didn't want me gone so soon.
Apparently, folding the laundry means you're a changed person. \n
LOL so glad I took the ap calc test
I can't even tell it's summer. I'm still spending all my nights at home alone
Mix up of in the World, by the themselves! ..
Thank you for being so considerate!
I have introduced my mom to the delight that is 2Chainz. So much .
I just love girls who think they above everybody.
Now I don't feel good. Tonight really ended well.
So is useful if you want to watch older movies.
Don't worry Twitter the Heat got this b\/c Leonard is out and the Heat play great defense and they got LeBron
So excited to hear about second decision
How bout that Layla/Summer Rae match huh guys? Really great stuff, super glad I saw that match
Como amo la pichaera :')\n
Good thing I can count on you
A big shout out to all the half-witted people
I love it when i see stuff that reminds me of how disgusting you are.
Hey thanks for all the updates and pictures of your trip
I love how you always think of me:-)
To top tomorrow's nerves off, I have an exam two hours before the match!! I mean, is this awesome or what?!
Seem's is listening to instructions by not shooting at goal cc
Well that was a fun drive home from my Mom's in Fairfield :-\/
Don't you just love subtweets?
Hell. who said was wrong? Seig Heil anyone?
Ppv filler is like this the main reason I got
Another stellar performance from .
in good humor.
And now I have the joys of continuing with my revision. Wonderful.
You know it's a great league when there is almost as many referees as players from your league in the .
Well. What a greeeaaat night this has turned out to be.
Told to stay off the beer for a month by the consultant,like that s gonna happen
The is really cool.
Well tonight was a interesting night..
It's adorable when couples kiss after set at the gym.
follower JOT 1.789.894, coba itu salah satu capres sebut JKT48 sekali aja. lumayan kan tuh 1 juta suara..
Love what I come home too love it\n
yes, didnt you know that a US Treasury 30 yr bond isnt adding to the debt
Be blameless "Were keys left in stolen black truck. Can't wait to start blaming owner for actions of thief.
Glad to see Rooney is justifying Roy's decision to include him...
The amount of times I've read "storm chasing" on my timeline is quite shocking. I didn't know I was surrounded by professionals
Ever stop and wonder how many people are shitting at the same time you're shitting?...
Anybody hear anything about Lebron?? It's not on TV, Internet or radio anywhere
Its so cute when in the middle of a conversation suddenly someone becomes all philosophical..
\": I can't believe Macca is walking the marathon at ... \" I'm surprised he hasn't quit
Has The World Cup started yet? I only ask because there's been hardly anything about it..... ;) :-p
It's obvious after these matches that women deserve the same prize money as men!
Here's to the best fourth I've ever had!
Do what my mom did if I didn't go to bed, whip they're mother f-ing ass. Lol.
This dude just dropped $3,700 on wheels and tires. Really smart guy.
Haha, Casillas keeps on getting better and better
has been proven to make you and more .
Wow SM doing good to soshi ": So Henry solo is out first, does this mean TTS is delayed?"
What's that thing called when your crush likes you back?
yay! cancelled make up class...
OMFG. CM Punk was spotted breathing. Return tonight?
That moment when Instagram stops scrolling... Have I reached the beginning of instagram?
Notice for idiots:
I love being to my managers and telling them 'im working soo hard' and 'i totally love my job'
WHAT A RESPONSIBLE MOTHER I HAVE.
Thanks &amp; for sending me to the wrong store to pick up my package. How'd you know I like scavenger hunts?
FIFA being on top of its game with new technology as usual
I have a feeling twitter users will tweet the results of today's soccer game.
My new life is taking off as well as "Zach Stone is gonna be Famous"
Power Outage &gt;&gt;&gt;\n\n
Imagining an enclosed area without aircon and this is the same as mrt now.
So did Brazil win?
Don't trust anyone on twitter - they are nicer in reality - than they appear online !!
Who else gets to babysit as much as I do? Or am I alone in this awesomeness
In a bar. What a wild summer
Because peanut is so expensive now
I'm so interested in science, particularly astrology
Please keep tweeting about seeing the fireworks!
Let me say, I absolutely love how much our bullpen ***** up every game. I love it!
I love listening to country in the morning at work. Minivan jack fills me in on reality show news. And I learned what neatos are
Landed in Dallas about to take off for Houston then to Austin in the morning... Such a relaxing trip
I sure do feel 100% safer being patted down by an official TSA spokesman
Cannot WAIT for tomorrow. Gonna be an absolute blast.
i hope karma slap you in the face before i do.
I'm so glad you "Hosts" post pics of girls with sparklers on your ig. Makes me want to visit your club asap.
now is the perfect time to be inconvenient!
This is amazing! First Brett Lawrie leaves the game, then Jose, now Reyes coming in hurt. Jays to the top!
thank you guys so much for putting "photo credit" under the pic! I was like dying trying to figure out who took the picture.
Ada eek, terus dikasih jilbab. Secara fisik sih beda jauh, tapi kalo busuknya...\n\nSama sih. Kayak...\n\nDuh sapa ya?
There's no better way I to spend my Wednesday then both opening and closing at CPK.
Things that are fun: watching Tosh.0 because no one can think of anything better to do.
Extra time. Yaaaaaaaaay
What a gooaaaalll
Watching and it makes me sad that you're gone..bc you love him..
well here we go again. deja vu all over again. one more time. been here done that. ground hog day about to begin.
Finished lunch and much to my surprise the game was in its 88th minute and still tied at zero why not just start at OT?
I love being the third wheel.
Off to Stuttgart again. I like trains
Music casettes, cigarettes, drugs of dead PKK soldiers
Just saw a squirrel fall from a tree... It's going to be a great day
Aww man I came to the mall without my tank, tall socks, and jordans..
another migraine and broken beats. this day just could not get better
Horses want the San Antonio Spurs to change their name because horses find spurs offensive.
Stuck in a car bored out of my mind and the amount of friends texting me right now is unreal! Y'all need to calm down!
Greeeaaat. &lt;-- \/&gt; My super creepy annoying crazy Nova Scotia wacko stalker is back. Such a crazy bitch. :(
My friends are so smart
Devin expands the alliance and then blows it up. What a player!
Love your work
Wow almost forgot how much fun mowing the lawn is
1 direction in the gym really gets me pumped for my workouts. I love it.
Do you know what my favorite text msg has been? \"Hi\"
I just can't handle how affectionate my boyfriend is...
I guess if Bertrand is signed that's our Transfer business done then?
Oh no!!! I left my sunglasses on the plane! This is the worst day EVER \n
I just love this weather
I sure am hoping that was Mr. ...
I just love how everybody fucking knows everybody in riverside
Today just got off to a GREAT start!!!!!1!!!!!one
Novak saying 'why don't we just put the match on the screen, let's all watch it' RE the loud crowd from Murray match
I'm starting to have chronic shoulder &amp; neck pain to go along with my chronic back pain. Fun!
I don't have wifi
Wow, is getting so much great promotion for her album out in TEN DAYS
The best part is that you always have a way to ruin my summer ... 2 summers in a row ... :)
Cleaning up after doing fireworks is the best part!
What other parents fake enthusiasm when their baby plays the same song on their toys? \"That's neat!\" \"Yay!\"
I am so glad everyone isn't lazy this summer.
, the really part of being in a .
Glad to see that Senderos has improved a lot he will be a really good signing for Aston Villa
Yay... I'm super geeked. Cabrera is up in a clutch situation. .
Camping for 9 days. My idea of fun....
Yay alarm didn't go off
You've always had an excellent choice in men.
Bebe looks absolutely ecstatic to be back at Carrington. Feelings mutual pal !
Someone post a photo of Kermit, sipping tea.
There's no better way to start the week than paying the dentist to freeze your face!
Ma come si chiamano i fan di Cremonini? I cremini?
I have a condition that prevents me from dieting. It's called being freaking hungry ! hi hi hi :)
Traffic jams are my favorite
Obviously you don't know how DBZ works. When someone dies, they stay dead. \n\n
Back in Sierra Vista, yay!
Hey ! 'Shoot fast! Kick some ass throw em through the plexi glass!'
Lets put both Andy &amp; Frank on our roster, cause that's always worked in the past
If Derek doesn't give me some new material soon I swear I will take the pictures myself on my iPhone. He \"loves\" that...
My bag smells like nail polish
I've got to fill out a SIXTEEN page document so that I don't have to pay for my medicines whilst at uni. Woo.
I love when I cancel a baseball game and two hours later it is sunny and dry!!
Pfft, hele middag geconcentreerd werk doen met pijn in je hasses is niks.. gelukkig over een uur al thuis...
Messi scored from 12yards. He surely must be the best in the world
making me feel specail
would have won that game if Suarez didn't bite Chiellini's shoulder! In Suarez's defense, 'Chiellini' sounds like a pasta.
....and I am not so sure about the Universe !!
Blood is the best feeling and taste when you have a wiggly tooth...
The "Group of Death" ladies and gents.
Oh no I'm so sad you unfollowed me
So then I guess players not of the same ethnicity of the teams/countries they're playing for shouldn't participate either
the best thing about being on the freeway is the traffic
Love spending my birthday at a wrestling camp
Wow maturity level maxed out with this one.
Yay it's gonna storm! Hahahaha
Glad to know is a bro
Yay!! More mashed\/blended food....
Chillin with no make up on how beautiful
Re-grooving tires is just so much fun.
I love how Puerto Ricans are always late.
Dear God, give me a sense of humor so I can laugh at the fact that only a select few laugh at my jokes .
When sunburn starts peeling &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
hey you know what's great? saying that your internet is $30/mo for new customers and then charging 3x that on first bill
Nice impartial reporting from the BBC Newsnight team
I get to work the next nine days in a row. Why? Because fuck you Amanda, that's why!
Stevie G showing passion while signing the national anthem
Oh great another season of teen moms.
Oh hey, thanks for calling me fat grandma!! I didn't already struggle with my self image!!! -D
You seem really heartbroken.
Pestano gave up a home run? I'm shocked
Miss communication makes like a joy
Great day so far (y)
A day can change everything. NYS just let me know of 'surprise noncompliance' with workers comp. What a well-run department.
Chew tobacco. Chew tobacco. Chew tobacco, SPIT!
I wonder if Drake wrote \"Worst Behavior\" all on his own? The lyrics are exceptional
I love how Microsoft put a call of duty twist on TF2 and made warface But it's actually kind of tight
Hey fans. Jarome Iginla, Brenden Morrow, and Douglas Murray are all UFAs today.
Today is just turning into an awesome day (y)
lol. Got a new screen protector and put it on with no bubbles! Big news, huh?
Oh no, Danny welbeck is injured, what will we do, WHAT WILL WE DO? Is smalling injured too? Because that would also be a major blow
Oh my gosh, San Mig is gonna win? I did not see that coming. It's like the best thing everrrrrr.
Was in the presence of Olivia Chow today!
Who doesnt love driving school
These kids are going to sleep through July 4th! They were up until 7-8am. Thanks
|| Yay, got a call to work today on my day off. So happy!
I forget that I'm 5'11 until someone goes "oh wow you're tall."
"I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing"
Woke up to the best conversation with Cody, now I'm in a great mood
I'm glad I'm going to bed before midnight... i mean it's not like I am up til 4 am everyday and stuff
Yep. Keep sending me selfies. Because that's definitely gonna make me want to sleep with you. Definitely.
Thousand bucks for the truck rear end and work got called off tomorrow.
I see 4 notifications on Facebook, I get all excited with anticipation, I open it up and what is it?? 4 game notifications! Woohoo!
Another great move by Kenny holland
LOL I really have great \"friends\"....
TIL that to not be poor, just graduate high school, work, and get married. Thanks, !!! No way!!!
so it wasn't an accident then?
Well that's just the sweetest thing.....you're a lucky girl
4 hour sleep today,
.but hang on - that's a "football related activity"
Absolutely stunned defeated
This day is getting wicked awesome
I guess there's this game on....the....world....cup?!?
I just wanna know, did Obama have a good golf game yesterday?
My degree of depends on your level of stupidity.
I love how in Git I open up every other command's help before I use it. In SVN I just used commands because everything made sense.
It's the building guys....
Day 3 of class..Abstracts and Abatements...can't hardly hold in my excitement right now!
I wish ESPN had more coverage on where LeBron might play next
Alright I'll admit it, packing has me a just a little excited for
Thanks for your love and support, mom. Preciate it.
I see you riding around with other guys.... Cool, I really wanna hear about it...
Can't wait for the scale on north of MJ to open. who's the genius that thought it would be a good idea on a single lane hwy. smh
at it's best!
Get to be up in less then five hours to go to a swim meet. Yea!
Best way to wake up is 100% a rude text from your boyfriend. That's when you know you're going to have the best day EVER.
I'm so glad you guys have my back when i need it
I love not doing shit on Saturdays
Saw Transformers. It was okay. Could have been a few more explosions but... Whatever.
I love chasing cows..
Bout to cash after this fun filled day!
Wow such a great day
Ugh. Way to quickly waste a good outing by Gonzalez, O's. And now Jimenez starts the nightcap? Great.
Love a bit of testing!
Fox News pundit "If you mess up multiple times &amp; cheat on your wife, my advice is DON'T ADMIT IT"
I just absolutely love when answers her phone.... I really do
Any time im having a bad day, I read the random\/misplaced inspirational captions on people's selfies and suddenly, I feel better
Yayyyyy I found out I'm closing at work July 4th! So excited.
Wow 0 - 0 What a game! I love soccer! I wish all games could end 0 - 0.
Good work ....nothing says America like tequila...
i truly cannot spell deliver without spellcheck! (: this is why i am a math major and need technology)
Time for a quick , grabbing my stuff and rolling to and for a 5pm test! !(enter )
My brother : wow ped that was so deep \nMy dad: yea so deep it was the top of the water that deep. hahahha
It's turning out to be a great day
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century?
Dang. Today is gonna be amazing.
Love my eye appointments, that way I can see how my vision has gotten worse again
Protesting to deny people the right to marry, good use of time!
Forever a \"bro\" it seems. :\/ (guess I'm just too awesome for a guy to handle as a girlfriend)
sometimes you read something and just think 'i really needed to know that'
Oh good, more rain, just what we needed. It was really staying to get dry out there
Great way to end our anniversary.
I just heard that the Vinny deal may not be dead! Yes
Sweetheart....is my middle name.
Ah, how much I missed MyMathLab and their need to be absolutely perfect
Ven te abrazo.... Tal vez quieras contarme tus problemas
i love when people dont answer my texts
I heard Pirlo was amazing..... Can't wait to see people's reaction..
80's computer special effects were just the best
Ever have to just bite your lip went a celeb ask questions? They might mistake my answers for . They might be no pun inten
See you are uninformed ....best baseball is in front of them ...breaking news sign Alfonso Soriano
HAHA i love hypocrites on twitter
I love when my contact is lost somewhere on my eye and I have no idea where it is tweet
Yeah!!!! There's the meganobs!!! But wait 3 models for how much!! but..... Take my money
Oh yeas! Another Saturday on my one I'm so happy
Drama in the workplace is so fun! ... TBH I feel everyone is just threaten by the night shift. Get over it.
Studying all day is totally my idea of a perfect summer
Nigerian team lacks diversity
Yay, I'm being audited!
It was all downhill for stocks today since the "did he or didn't he?" Luis Suarez biting incident. Just sayin'.
Oh, look, 10,000 words of flash fiction proofread. That's about three thousand stories.
Walk in to work, nd got someone yellin my managers head off :\/
Cool story bro. Can you tell it again?
The French always come of as real classy dudes in the
wow you must really care about me
Great move Galliani! Signing Agazzi instead of Ochoa. Shows why Milan can always count on that genius
I've got dibs on wearing my jersey on Fridays this fall
I'm so happy that my air conditioning isn't working right now.
Kind of feel like I'm being stood up. Feels wonderful, thanks for asking.
And my final thought of the day is this: isn't 'You've been framed' the most hilarious programme ever made!
So, now my goal in life is to be a pornstar.
NBTHS puts the class in classroom
Maria Sharapova does not know Sachin Tendulkar?
Refreshing to see these 2 developing countries on the center stage at the : ,
Great captaincy by Middlesex skipper not bowling overseas player in last over
TC: \"We send our salutations and affectionate regards to all and every one, beginning with Jenny the stranger.\" A little in 1839.
The Front Bottoms haven't even started and their crowd is already swaying. This'll be fun
Good thing Balfour's not our closer anymore.
Uncle Dan thought his soccer callers like to rant&amp;ramble, Tyron from Tennessee just did the same w\/ no backlash
DID YOU KNOW that I can fore see the future and in it I don't see you tweeting me ever,again? LOLZ. I crack myself up!
Same way I won't defend Johnny Manziel.He says he won't change for anyone.All great QBs got their start as spoiled brats,right?
Tomorrow's commute should be delightful.
I love how much my parents trust me.
Luuuuuuv when Alex and Tess answer the gc
No, I think it's such a great idea that they're cutting 16,000 jobs at Fort Bragg....
Gotta love rushing into work cuz they need a server ASAP then you get there and there's absolutely nothing to do so you leave
Who'd figure that and get the same kind of Twitter responses?
Waking up at 4:30 is a awesome way to start my day!
I have to admit my favorite anxiety attacks are the ones I have at night when I am at home by myself
I hope everyone appreciates Iran stunning football
New : super skinny maternity jeans ,crop tops, and sweaters. Because it's in the 90's in Florida and I'm prego
Haha this should be grrrrreaaatttt.... My day is at a fork in the road, w/in 20 minutes I'll find out if it'll stay good or go bad
I sure love ex-players seamlessly transitioning into coaches and front office jobs. No degree, no experience in business. Love that
Yeah no bother i'll definitely go out with your friend, thanks for being so upfront about it!
Goodie good, it's Adrian Chiles time
Gary Hartstein must be the life and soul of dinner parties
I love working at 2 in the morning.
Well, my dream of becoming a bus driver are shot to hell
Try not to make it too obvious that you're trying to avoid me.
I've been busy is such a bullshit excuse coz it literally takes 13 seconds to send out a text. I Just checked
I LOVE seeing that its 2moro and I just got burnt at the lake today!
\"Why do I have so few followers?\" \"Keep tweeting about Satanism, heroin and suicide. You'll be sure to get more followers.\"
when people act like they swaggin bc they being cruel
I'm so pleased my 8yr old son has a fantastic idol like Suarez
I love three and a half hour astronomy lectures
To end what has been a very shitty week the trains are delayed &amp; there's no time given. I love so much
Time to bring in Grilli!!!
Powers out. Flash flood warning. Basement windows leaking. Thunder storms. I LOVE NEBRASKA.
Oh man that one character that wasn't in the book and spent her time complaining all the time died. I'm so sad.
Be blameless \"Were keys left in stolen black truck. Can't wait to start blaming owner for actions of thief.
I'm loving all the support I'm getting of me mother and father here
You messed the whole conversation up and now idk what to do I'm really easy to talk to
I see the Esks O Line has greatly improved over last year!!!
failed because it had UP connection : Next try FYPU.
Yeah Sony E3 great job with all those games claps
And finally we're talking and you ask: are you mad? Noooooo why do you think that?
Oh what a surprise I would have never guessed that there would be more A messages. I'm in shock.
Seeing that your girlfriend has become friends with your brother on Facebook..
Because these days, if you don't post about how much you love your pops, you don't really love him
280000 in Leeds for TDF14, over 2 million thru Yorks. York pulls 50000 then Sheffield. Well they tried. Well done you ?
Your excellence in ! It can also be shown positively ! Isn't it ? Put a remark on a negative tweet! Let's
Really happy that I told my boss I would come in and work Overtime today...
Well just found out through other people that the people I'm suppose to be roommates with next year are bailing on me.
Told the old man to download an app to track how far he walks, his reply:
Lol 4 dayz
Didn't know Cholevas and Maniatis looked the same..
The are so effective that they get the workers everything they want for 6 months, then they end up with nothing, .
Finally someone who can keep up
My grandpa just called me a scallywag...
i completely reset my phone so now i dont have any pics. :-) or contacts! :-))))))
Nothing like being called a white b**** to make you feel loved!
Yes, please continue to make fun of a screen name like children.
There is too many people on this earth, we need a new plague.
I love it when people RT my posts when they obviously don't realize that my native tongue is
Wrong , whites r born racist
Sooo there's load shedding on a cold ass night and my battery's about to die.. Oh how I love my country
Luv that my friends invite me places
Great three pundits for the best game so far at the World Cup!!
Yung tipong: yesss at last nagreply na sya pagtingin mo, iba pla! ANG SAYA SAYA!\n
Sorry guys, i don't even know what means... So, i don't even know those of my tweets that are ... I just tweet!
oh oh che strano dany i tuoi draghi mangiano bambini! chiaramente non potevi aspettartelo
By all means.. Forward that email I sent you and CC twenty people on it.
First day back at work and it's a close open shift.. wooo
definition: Is one of the many services you can offer to people who ask stupid questions
really glad I watched the biography episode about Mark &amp; Donnie Wahlberg because that trivia is super relevant in my life
Brian McRae is going to be pissed that handed out his (spring training) number.
Twitter hosts only two kinds of people: idiots &amp; people who share my ideals. (with a grain of )
Wow. So glad Ezra was there to open that super difficult lock for Aria. She might be stuck there forever...
Its time to play: Which rapper/hip-hop artist will try to hang out with next !!!
Christian Mingle just sold me
I loveit when people continue to talk to you in the gym, when you have your earphones in.
Ain't it fun living in the real world. Ain't it fun being all alone.
My life as 's girlfriend is texting myself since 9:30. I love talking to my self.
Just think how great a career Tim Duncan would have had in the NBA if he hadn't stayed in college so long .
I love being hungover at work with last nights makeup on.
6. Nope, my @ is beerdrinkah and I don't drink at allllll. .
You know what makes me happy? Sitting at home waiting on a cab when my flight leaves in an hour. Yeah, thatll brighten anyone's day.
.Shame people wanting job security. Not like they haven't been capped for 5yr and not giving yoursel 11% rise in Jan
I am SO glad that I came down here.
Can you believe my wife won't let me put a urinal in my man cave? She's killing all my dreams.
Dancing in bikinis definitely moves women forward and towards equality.
Awh she loves him and wants to be with him 100%
I look like suck a female rn it's ridiculous
How come there's no 49ers\/Raiders split caps?
Ahh summer time: getting badly burnt due to fair skin and lots of bites. Nothing beats it
Great job I would much rather listen to sounds baseball than the US in the
When my phone randomly turns itself off &gt;&gt;&gt;
I have the best of luck with guys.
When I have kids I want to be like the parents on Easy A
It's not fair at all if Fred isn't selected the man of the match today!
Any chance the sign Melo?
Wow this is fair
25% of my paycheck goes to taxes. I'm so glad I get to pay into that especially for social security that I might not ever get back
I am really enjoying my day off!!!!!! Maybe I should have a welfare baby or fake a disability so I can do this everyday.
Heerlijk. Bedwelmd worden met de lucht van een goeie joint. Best of all: t is gratis. enzo
We sent the waitress away for a second time. Move over hitler. -jesse
Forgot how good hucknall was.
Some of you "go hard" for people that don't know you exist/don't interact with you/don't care. That's perfectly logical.
\": Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga. *slow clap* \" LMAO
Glad I worked hard , to make sure somebody else sees the profit of it
The satellite tv isn't working in the semi... How am I gonna manage to survive this 4 hour ride home?
Billionaire Bruce obviously knows what it's like to try to live on minimum wage
Taking the seat off the bike only works against straight cycle thieves.
Thanks dude at Wawa for your opinion, even without me asking for it! So greatly appreciated!
Holy shit. John Cena wins a match. I'm so shocked !!!
The 's 10 years of bombing did such a good job of stopping ... they should do it some more!
The tweet above me is the most epic and awesome tweet you have ever seen.
yay for apple chargers always breaking on me!
It's always nice to hear Michel Berry's voice
Let me know the next time we fight, cause I can never tell.
Jealousy means I actually give a fuck about you.."
Lovely peaceful day off
I'm forced to go to the last possible freshman orientation looks like I'm gunna have all morning classes fucking word!!!!
I watched 3 of the 4 LoTR movies
Man I feel like a million bucks
Time to watch the season finale of . Anybody wants spoilers? :p Please RT.
This day just keeps gettin more awesome
Hey guys I think it's raining
At least you treat her nicely!!!
Would be a shame if this game was rained out
Yes mom I love when you call me stupid and it makes me want to respect you oh so much more.
My dad is not on Social Media. He'll never know he's my hero on the occasion of Father's Day.
I'd like to congratulate &amp; for the excellent work they did in protecting ...
Yay for 9am placement tests!
If anyone ever read our whatsapp convos they would wonder about and I.
Can't wait to work the whole holiday weekend!!
Lol I just rode a bike from 174 main to duckys
Have fun tonight
I think Long deserves another call up to the WNT... It was a great goal
Ronaldo is the worse player on Portugal
Welp looks like ima eat pizza and cry myself to sleep while watching Superbad hahaha
!!! Ashamed of these hypocrite 'values'!!!
Spending Independence Day with the power off
Is it acceptable, when staying up all night, to eat pasta at midnight? I'm asking for my friend
is like of mind. Most people don't get it.
I just love getting dick pics from random creeps..
I'm gonna end up getting sanctioned for being too ill to participate in the work programme aren't I? Wonderful...
Casillas Man of the year
Hey I'm offended that your main mascot is a fat Italian with a mustache. I demand change
Awwww I'm really sorry about that longhorns
Sa sobrang sarap mag-aral hanggang week 9 na inaral ko! Push na 'to! Nyeta!
After hearing Lebrons opting out. I'm thinking it would be a good idea for local celebs to get together and do a song
Need to request double deck beds for station two! Nurse to parient ratio is really amazing!
What a fun night this will be
my last RT messi ignore those kids
Kinda sad my first day was on my dad's birthday party lol
3+ inches on a lot of irrigated farms. Less than .2 on much of the dryland. This rain event worked out well.
are great w\/ RISP
Congratulations to on your desperately needed 15th World Title. About time they pushed this guy...
Guess need a Nike shoes to move on faster..
No Williams was definitely more valuable than Doughty
My self esteem is just through the roof if you can't tell
Ugh, Germany you suck. I can't believe they have up that goal.
Watch the msg boards light up again tonight b/c Miami lost. I can't wait for more corny memes.
Yea, the Netherlands and Germany will have to watch out!!! Mexico is coming....
And today has just started on a splendid note.
another pointless day ^^
Karaoke with my dad tonight, fun fun fun
Waiting at the airport for 2 hours... Yay?
everyone has the right to be STUPID but youre abusing the privilege.
I just loovvee finding things out from other people
You're cool, just saying.
I've been rudely awakened by a police helicopter, a black Mariah &amp; cop car across my street.
All these experts know all the answers don't they. Why they on tele and not managers I'll never know
It's so nice to see how far the class of 2013 has gotten!! Jail. Ok.
Bitches be having kids and let anybody watch they \"son\" bc he's a boy and he can't be molested ! if ur a slow bitch
Oh Sepp Blatter, Everyone would be happy to have the world cup in Qatar if it wasn't so hot and full of Arabs...
Start of another fun packed week!
Nigeria look good
ElectroChem makes so much sense
I don't think Kyrie will re-sign for the max.
ANOTHER Delayed in Chicago... This trip is just getting better as the end nears. Thanks again for such a fun trip.
Looked at the date today. July 1st?! Shit summers almost over!
i love math
Well, that was exciting.. and the worst player on the pitch scored, which sums it up nicely...
yes, because the rich white girl knows true problems and has the worst of them
Was England playing tonight or something?
Everyone working hard as usual
Why is Monday so Far From
With the great offense the possess, they most definitely can come back from 8-0 deficit &amp; win game with just 3 outs left.
There's a strong possibility that I may have peed my pants a little when reading articles
My dad's take on announcement: "our national nightmare is over! king james back home! jim"
nothing like an early AM meeting right before a holiday...
Nice throw Cobb
Upsss sorry dude. Lupa kalau 'setengah'
Yay a new sims game
Glad I painted my nails yesterday.
Love being sick, It's my favorite
Back to work today to some great news. Found out I got a 33 cent an hour raise. Going yacht shopping after work.
I can actually count the number of steps I walked today!
I figured it out. POTUS thought he was saying limitless "boarders" not "borders!"
Thanks for the thousands of tweets that came in to help me out...
Wow Nat, you're handling this 'rejection' very well...
I love not being able to park near our apartment
Doctors appointment led to blood work, and don't I love needles mmm.
JUST IN: Republican forced gov't shutdown led to lois lerners computer crash. Lost emails are the Republicans fault.
Nigeria really feeling laid back. They are lying down and letting the Iran team have the ball
I told yall the Heat were going to win the Finals
Clearly Wayne Rooney should have been benched today.
Visiting my home ward for the first time since Christmas. Can't wait to see how many times I'm asked if I'm dating anyone...
Suck it up Carlos! You will play with a broken face and you will like it!
My friend ;
My classmates are so reliable
Time for all the true Os fans that can't ever make it to Camden to come out to Park.
Coulson was still on the Murdoch payroll when he was in No10?? I can't imagine what he was being paid for
So it's only going to take 7 straight 3's and 7 stops to get back in this thing? So you're saying there's a chance.
Thanks for crashing every other time I take a document photo on my iPhone.
Ok ..... Harsh. ; ) .
Timberwolves Draft: LaVine, Robinson III, Brown, and Gentile.
Love when someone else makes plans but I'm the one stuck preparing everything for it.
If all else fails with my career goals, I'll just be a gold digger that goes to the clubs and table hops
Pass it out wide to Kuyt for a cross, that'll work
I am forever ineligible from stating that I have never had jury duty before. Today I was plucked for this sacred honor.
Hey guys! I finally have internet! I know you all missed me but you have nothing to worry about
yeah so the producers dont want the girls to win at all... just leave alone and im good
God dammnit. I got nominated for the fucjing ice challenge, thank you so very much . Bastard
i just love losing power when studying for exams
On whether will get Balotelli, Evans - "hahahahaha, I hope so, that would be funny"
Does my mom ever talk politics?
//I just love how some people treat others on here
Nothing feels better than killing my lungs with sawdust.
Haven't eaten in nearly 24 hours. Broken hearts are awesome diets!!
Haha I kinda feel bad for lebron.
.You posted on twitter that's a start, I'm sure it's much more than what Obama's done. ()
There's so many wars going on rite now, but hey let's watch the world cup!
Happy Fathers Day!
C'mon Neymar is was walking with a broken neck. You're just lying there
I'll say it again. It sure us a good thing that Romney didn't become president.
I think this is like day 44 of being on strike of taking my meds.
Love these accurate weather applications.
I had a blast
Having the most fun anybody can ever have, ever, at my sisters volleyball tournament.
My head be hurting everyday shit starting to feel normal... !
Wow. So many comments about waffles on my timeline.
It amazes me how classy some people are.
So working in the rain today was fun...
Aku rasa aku beli murtabak ayam tadi, tapi kenapa aku dapat murtabak bawang
Why yes I just love getting peed on.
Finally got my second holes pierced and I can't wait to show my parents hahaha
Now we get to listen to Adrian Chiles amazing punditry for 15 minutes
Mom: "I forgot how much of a party animal you are." -___-
we're not all Downton Abbey rich-almost 40% of Welsh people live in poverty. Yay! Third world country!
Some place far more country than Georgia....
Idk if jack put up enough pictures about winning states...
There haven't been enough "If the US loses this game, they win right?" jokes yet.
I go to the community pool because I miss the sound of whiny, screaming children
Follow me and I'll follow everyone back for an hour or two....
Well, I'm out pinting anyway, hopefully the second half won't be as boring as this one.
Just left the exact thing she wanted on her voicemail
Worldcup football would be more exciting if the field was bigger and there was fewer players.
Interesting fucker that Ryan Moore
Could SOMEONE PLEASE help me spell twirk!?!?
Man, getting .7 mbps download speed is fantastic.
What a great time to be testing out new metro cars....
kalo calon nomer 1 jadi presiden mending kalian jadi pejabat deh, gaji gede abis itu bisa korup lagi
Ruud is so unbiased
It's totally my favorite when they do construction outside my work window
Posting a picture on social media drinking alcohol is SUCH a great idea
So who else chose Chile vs Netherlands for first place in the group? Nobody? Really? Shocking.
\": Cc that gambler on your TL? \" Lmao
Oh boy. Can't wait for LeBron's next big announcement.
- Issue of the day
No , you're fine don't text back because I wasn't waiting for a text back .. I love when you don't text back..
He was "looking into it" I'm sure...
I love Columbus Ohio drivers.
I have blue eyes and Lyric has blue eyes but he still got his eyes from Kevin. LOL
What a great day to have stomach problems.
Tyson leaving New York? Yea...Melo is going back to that disaster of a team lmao Melo to Miami looking more realistic...
My sisters attitude has such a positive impact of everyone around her
RT : Israeli Channel 10: Qassam rocket hit a settler house in , no injuries reported
Saved clothes from getting wet in rain. Thanks to advance notification technology of MSEDCL.
Gee...I just LOVE being used.
also, for the oblivious: this was . and .
Well yay because I don't feel tired now.
The Ghana players look right up for it after their national anthem!!!!
Really love it when I have a headache and I finally fall asleep and people call and text me
Good looking them Rochdale 'hooligans' aren't they
Whew! I do know you! :-)
Lebron is still the greatest and most incredible human being and basketball player to ever play the game
I love that ign and Pcgamer is saying that the fact that Valiant Heart is educating you is a bad thing. Gamers should be idiots.
This morning Scolari's wife poked him &amp; said: "wake up it's 8!" he jumped up &amp; shouted, "WHAT!!??THEY SCORED AGAIN?"
Packing is my favorite activity.
Cause it's not like the future depends on it ~Damian Marley
We're just exploding with excitement around here
Brazil just needs to get about 7 red cards for that to happen. Early enough to do so.
New Names for the Washington :
I'm sure the unrest in the mid-east will calm down for the upcoming Ramadan
Well I clearly didn't miss much when I fell asleep.
Nice to see ATT Throttling Youtube again.
Looks like is determined to take me up a pass today to look at some snow
Wow should get John Cena and Roman Reigns to beef up the midfield too !!
And the only thing we care about here is the fifa world cup yaaay
How do we follow up the awesome blockbuster of ? With a racing game of course!
Just got followed by ... NBD though, it's not like he writes awesome books or anything
Lol fuck eh .. Thanks life
I love scrolling through my Twitter and seeing pic's of and being like, Thanks for me im :)
What?! The new Transformers movie only has a 20% on RottenTomatoes?! Noooo!
Ofsted isn't politicised, how can anyone suggest such a thing?
Now is a great time for the US to play a prevent defense.
Thanks for the support like always.
As ive said all night...how great is Johnson :-P pmsl...
Extra cleaning tonight because of an inspection tomorrow.
Me: "Goodnight, I'm going to bed."
My wife just loves Wimbledon finals day and a 51 minute first set is going to make her so happy.
My feet are really happy because heels feel really good to wear and I'm also really good at walking in them :-) :-) :-) :-)
The technical abilities are exceptional
I just LOVE scrolling through facebook and seeing all of the pictures of happy couples
I love burning toast. It's what I am to do every morning
Ok seriously......braces and rubber bands at my age......not cool and fucking uncomfortable!!! Happy Monday!!!
wow haha today is the perfect day to not be in canada
It's always great to feel not wanted!!!!
Having the Day ever
My lattee tastes like literal dirt! Could this day get ANY better?!?
Thank you to all new followers to the podcast, much love.
20 minutes until 6 am and I'm still awake
Damn keep your eyes on the junction music scene these rappers are about to blow up!
IVs are the best
In my text to 27:
Lying in ma bed listening to Spellbound album das new.
Great thanks for making my night.
Malkin's gotta be just thrilled with that trade.
I often wonder if Jesus would have voted Pro-life or taken the Pro-death/Abortion path, had he walked the earth today. Christian?!
Absolutely love the way sends me loads of snaps from his holidays.. It's not making me jealous at all!
&amp; I don't have Netflix
., this vendor sells Swiss cheese borders?
|| KATHNIEL SPIKERS ||
If almost watch soccer over this.
You know, if that chick from frozen was nominated jessie mueller wouldnt have won
Antibiotics, Bronchodilators and montelukast before hitting my bed! Bronchitis, i love you! Bwisiiiiit!
Forgot to add to the last tweet
My favorite part about walking through my neighborhood is seeing all the puke on the sidewalk from the night before.
No way he has two sets of cars
Que lastima, Espana!
I think I picked out a couch but ugh I am super anxious about it. Why is being an adult so hard? :(
Portugal is playing great right now!
We are coming back!
My timeline is just myself and .
Friday the 13th w/a full moon-time 2 DIY an (un)lucky rabbits foot!
You guys, was Hillary Clinton on TV or something? ?
Well... \rToday wasn't how i thought it would be. \r
So hospitals are fun???
when your body is not used to finishing at midnight and getting home at 1am+ but still wakes up at 7am...
Hooray for consciousness
Torres ready to pounce for opportunity in this game tho
With how much my mother says I'm fat, and to stop eating, i might end up anorexic. Woohoo
A bachelor: "you can really fall in love here" My 8 yr old: "they wouldn't be saying that in New York!"
.No worries.I'm sure their merger with time warner will lead to lower cost and much better service.
How dare he get his own plate. So fucking selfish.
Oh good... The new inspection stickers are purple. Go Ravens.
Work tmrw morning! Yay
Very reassuring tweet responses to from 2013
Go buy a decorative glass knob or a yard of fabric for God!
Yay Joe Buck and Herold Reynolds! What could be better....
\"There really is a mountain between France and Switzerland.\" Fine, fine commentary from the ITV sport team.
Back to work today after extended weekend. Now I know why I take so much vacation.
People wonder why relationships don't work out? Why don't u try mendn the brokn thngz inztead of throwin em away?
Best fathers day ever
Who really wants to sleep at 4am. Like why would I even want that.
But I'm still standing, standing strong...
that wass kinda crazy tbh
How would you feel if someone with or in their bio unfollowed YOU? Exactly! I gotta get through this.
Nothing boosts the self esteem of a 37 yr old mom than watching teenage girls in bikinis do cartwheels on the beach.
This is awesome...
Credit to players who look in such pain and yet can jump right into the play when no penalty is given.
This good mood is starting to wear off.. Just in time for my favourite day.
Short post work run. Thanks aunt Flo for the pre run visit. 4.85 km run in mission "Virtuous Circle" of
Until they talk ~
I send the prettiest snapchats ever guys
I've immensely enjoyed all the non gameplay related CGI animatic trailers from Ubisoft so far
Throwing up at 4 and 5 in the morning is just lovely.
Thank you God!!
I would say Happy 4th of July but I haven't found the right picture to post on Instagram yet.
Who the hell are you people?! This is not the family I imagined! ~My Mother
Still, I shall try and get myself moving to go into the office. As soon as the morning meds kick in. Oh yes. Yes yes yes. Mmm meds.
Even the FedEx guy is tripping out that we don't have a TV at work right now -_- \nAnd my phone is soo slow!
Can't believe that no one has tweeted that Germany were 5-0 by now.....
Work at 1:30. Missing the game. Cool
I fucking LOVE hayfever.
Waiting is the best part of my day...
Such a lovely day
Nice to know that if you google my name, my twitter and pinterest come up.
OMG CHARLENE OF MONACO IS PREGNANT!!! however this time Albert even have a legitimate children u.u
Ooooo... A ceiling in my kitchen &amp; a door on my living room! Aren't I a lucky girl today!
I've come to the conclusion that I cannot do a geordie accent to save myself.\nWhat an eye opener\nNow I'm ready for the real world.\n
Perks of short sleeve uniforms and working outside for 11 hours? FARMERS TAN!!!!!!!!!
Hey, did anyone know LeBron James is a Free Agent? I'm surprised media outlets aren't covering this story.\n
Oh great, Kyle Slippery Mitts Quincey resigned, great signing!
Nailed the oral part of the final.
Darn! . LOL RT : As part of Kidd deal, Nets &amp; Bucks will not be allowed 2 make a trade w/ea other during 2014-'15 season
Almost a 4th, but keeper saves, Muller can't follow up, must have been the headbutt.
The blocking and choreography for one day more was so original. Wow. I'm really impressed.
Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
Sharp pains in my heart. Fucking shocker.
\": That good night text was awesome. \"
I use because killing people is illegal! at
.it just cleared up and the streets are bone dry. You'll be fine.
A strange man told me I am sexy today
Parents want me to not be around boys. You would think they would want me to date and be happy.. Yay
DAMN CUP DRIVERS RUIN THIS SERIES. KICK EM OUT NOW.
so glad that all christians are brought together by the newsboys in movies. i was scared that the gospel wasn't gonna be enough...
I just LOVE hearing all the great concerts are coming to Detroit in the fall...
Lebron quitting on yet another team/fanbase? Never saw that coming.
Why yes, I love my customers and don't ever want to slap them across the face because they are in no way stupid what-so-ever
I love you guys too. Ha.
\/\/ When Kathryn can successfully start an argument with someone she's just met....
I love how some people are
So many verses so little ink...
If I were to complain about over-sleeping-during-normal-hours\/insomnia-at-night imagine how \"meriah\" the wasep group will be.
Thank you Seattle for taking both my Super Bowl dreams AND my personal belongings
If we are getting cooling breaks in this World Cup... I can't wait for a cooling break every 2 minutes in Qatar!
Here's a fun fact. Nobody likes being yelled at.
Who says you have to drive according to the law .... Create your own lane
enak juga kalo gtu .. gw bikin video clip pake kaos bola ama orang2 disangka pemain bola wakaka
I'm so Naughty
Tony Stewart taking none of the blame, and squaring it all on someone else. Shocker.
Look at the hard work Ohio's legislature is doing! Woot!
First run in 4months and ramor ladies are training..May barricade the house 2nite or il get no sleep with them knocking!
All traditional public schools are failing
What a perfect ending to a great day.
Good to see Mark Wahlberg and fam getting such play with ...Lord knows they need more face time and $.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
YAY FOR GETTING TWO MASSIVE SCRATCHES ON MY CHEST THANKS TO A PANICKED, SHARP-CLAWED CAT.
Any one else notice how Obama just blames all his problems on republicans? Lol yeah..because Obama isn't the problem at all...
I've got a flat. This is awesome
I was starting to worry that I'd have to water my lawn thankfully it's finally raining
Oh look, a soccer player being subbed out because of leg cramps! Who does that?!? Why can't he play through it? He's weak!
Its nice how all the family gets together huh?
I love how skinny people call them self fat.
My parents are the greatest ever. They never ignore me to play candy crush...
It seems God always reveals his heart to liberal Christians thru the godless world that either hates him or ignores him.
has been proven to make you smarter and more creative.
No Cable or Internet because don't find me worthy of using their precious services.
Now if we could just get Felix and Kuma going this might be a decent team
Laundry day is just so awesome
. bus Benzema sajda karleta har goal ke baad. Kambakht!
Oh hey 1:20am. Good to see you again.
Aww that's so cute.. She thinks my parents are cool enough to let me go tonight -.- lol
I forget that I need to hashtag my tweets with , otherwise people just this think is what I'm really like.
Taylor Swift's success and demeanor totally don't make me want to give up and go cry in a corner ever single day.
Having a GREAT week that keeps getting better
So I have to create an 8 pages extended definition essay about ""
Worked 16 hours...made $45. Pulling in the big ones!
Don't you just love arguing with your sister...
No sudden death? What kind of elimination game is this?
Well tonight was great
The food baby I've got right now is unreal.
In case you missed it: ' announced he's replacing as music director! ...
Friends, u r wearing hijab but u holding ur boyfriend's hand out there. Try to hold it in front of ur parents. \n
Got to wake up 330 am tomorrow to work from 5am to 10am. I guess I can't go to that fall out boy, paramore concert. Aww shucks
I see everbody loves jelena
Funny how conversations only work when you start it yourself. God forbid some1 else try to keep a conversation alive..My Life&gt;Yours
That moment when your is so advanced, that you dissect and explain it.
Looks like sensible armor on women in Fable Legends
So...who won the match yesterday? I can't seem to find any coverage anywhere.
This just in. Hextall is planning on trading Claude Giroux, Steve Mason, and The Wayne Train.
Embiid looks thrilled
God my life is soo god damn interesting!
i love being invalidated\ninvalidate me harder, baby\n-.-\n
Oh yeah you know it.....
Thank you for making it obvious there were shuttle buses today -_- it's not obvious
\"We can live until we die.\" Most profound song lyric ever.
Lettie Mae you are a crazy bitch. Thank you for making me so uncomfortable.
What a great cousin !
Good Lord! Smh hope you happy...
It's great when someone who used to be your best friend is visiting the same town you now live in and won't contact you to visit.
Nothing like watching Japanese Yakuza movies on a Saturday night to make me feel like a winner!
Isner is in a first set tiebreaker... Shocker
I'm sure all your fathers will be so happy when they get on their instagrams and see the pics you posted of them...
Thank you for releasing 5 terrorist. Thanks for thinking of Americans and trying to keep us safe.
Oh hey anxiety, I've missed you.
My husband is in Napa for Fathers Day without his wife and kids - I bet he is having the best Fathers Day ever!
My phones broke yey
Thanks for the text back...
I have so many emails &amp; texts &amp; no time to answer any of them cuz work is so busy. Plenty of time to tweet.
I don't understand those who . sense of accomplishment? Pfft. Mine is not killing anyone and sticking solely to
Got a good ol fashioned pitchers duel brewing tonight at Safeco
Just love figuring out your \"best friend\" is talking crap behind your back.
Out Oh no ! Gutted! good to be British. Well done Dimitrov.
Oh no he didnt !! You said the dreaded P-word... If he loses it it's all your fault...
I'm glad is forceful enough to change hard data about hurricanes. . Why are you talking to this guy?
oh yes, i ran out of room for the tag
July 4th. Independence Day of the only country in the world that has freedom..
That was a real confidence boosting phone call......
What a lovely morning it's been thus far Aubrie threw up. Addie broke my Coach sunglasses &amp; now I'm dropping $300 on new Ray Bans
Libertarian Anarachists at an event called "The Million Mask March"? What are the odds?
Let's be honest; \nChris Bosh deserves a 5 year, 90 million dollar deal.\n
I like how they've the .
Cluck! RT : Gosh I hope the GOP survives!
Just off the megabus from London to Glasgow. Such a pleasant experience.
I have a lot of nice bruises from this weekend
Just did a beautiful rendition of \"a moment like this\"
Sounds like people are loving Phil Neville's commentary
I love drinking koolaid. Reminds me of black people :)
Argentina had such a hard pool to play in.
Oklahoma...it means red people. We should rename that entire state.
The Obama era has finally succeeded in destroying one Christian faith: the Presbyterians. Well done, Barry!
After an amazing vacation it is sooo gr8 to get back to work! ()
why yes I love having a headache all day,
Go scratch no, I'm not Italian or from NJ...
I get to see my racist judgemental great aunt tomorrow &amp;tell her I have no job &amp;am not going back to school &amp;am not married. Yay!\n
Oh yeah bro, that's cool....
I could rock one of those tight jerseys
going short shopping is probably the funnest thing ever!!!!!!!!!
I'm sick...again! -_-
.Pretty easy job.I think Dix threw exln,kinder Morgan, 2enjoy benefit of easy job.Typical union communism
Let's not forget about how friendly the tellers are
There's no booze at the
S\/O to the jackass who almost hit me head-on on the way to work. Cause swerving into the ditch is my favorite early in the morning.
If You don't even follow me, and I don't follow You, why would I recommend someone else to follow You?
How does that saying go? Like mother, like daughter?
Done making my accounting assignment. Hayst. Fighting! T__T
And to think, Iraq would be stable today had the U.S. not invaded in 2003.
Thanks to all of you who are responsible for me being in Katy/Cypress.
So Twitter tells me the belgians are playing some WK match.., ? Really??
Wait, Josh plays baseball?
So excited I get to drive all over instead of getting to watch my country play!
I love getting tackled by a bunch of little kids
Keep on negotiating with Pak government. It seems to be working and taking any action against will be regretful
America. The country where drunk stupid girls show their breasts for a promotional T-shirt.
is a magical unicorn. Everywhere he goes flowers bloom and rivers of chocolate flow.
how about u stop arguing all over my TL?
Well today is gonna be awesome
Sheesh. When are they going to Donavon in?
You unfollowed me just for my tweet? WHY SO SERIOUS? rules rules rules. :)
Wow... I hope united keep now.. Pure skill!!
Wow thanks Nigeria and Iran for such a thrilling match. Really energetic and exciting. Kept me interested the whole time
Awake at 2:30 AM for no apparent reason. Yay!
I love it when guys casually retweet naked girls. fav that shit, and beat it when you're alone at night.
Time to watch frozen with nick so he can make cometary the whole time.
My mom and I's conversations 40%talking 60%complaining and bickering!
so now my brothers are making bets that I'm gonna tear my acl next .... You two really are the best brothers in the world
Alexi Lalas' line graph of the US through the years was superb today.
No better pick-me-up after US ceding a goal w/ 30 secs to go than reading House of Debt by &amp; late at night.
So England are playing India without a proper spinner, so relying on Root and Ali then?
what a shame college is over after friday
Idk why everyone is shocked that Hillary says her actions are influenced by the Bible...everything she does is Biblical!
Being forced to watch Gettysburg.
Nothing like waking up in the middle of the night
Nothing better than making plans and then realizing you have to do other things
Hmph. Some people will believe anything. I mean, if it's shared by a page on Facebook it has to be true, right?
NBA Rumors: Sixers exploring giving away 4 picks for Andrea Bargnani. Lol
SO bummed I am going to miss the end of the World Cup due to being at the pool on vacation.
(If you can't tell. I'm laughing out loud a lot right now because that was soooo funny)
Wtf is this like BBC? No guitar, no solo acoustic set to see the program out? Poor form
The graduation is inside. Wow. Now I can have 4 people come. Exciting.
Genius idea to have the 6th inning song with 'Detroit' lyrics. Especially against division rivals, Detroit.
Instead of dealing with your problems you should avoid them \n
I have fantastic tan lines -.-
Congrats to the NBA Screen Writers Guild for another great season!!
3D phone... awesome ... been desperate for one after seeing one at .
i definitely didn't make a twitter just to follow and \n\nnope\n\n
I was born straight, but I chose to be gay when I was 8 years old because it provided a better challenge.
We got a pool in the new cast member lot!
If you understood a bit of humor, your life would be more interesting
Well what a Friday night....
That is totally the sound I love waking up to in the morning.
Great outing so far Garza and defense.
It's nice to know that I'm important..
But at least my abs are glistening I guess.
Gee, I wonder what will talk about all day?
Well, I should hope so, because I'm laying it on pretty thick
Of course 4am is when I wanted to wake up - cannot think of a single reason why it wouldnt be.
What a night
Embiid looked pretty excited when he got drafted by Philly............
Well this is great.
Enjoy the weather guys ... Forecast is it's turning at the weekend apparently there's a shower of shit blowing in from Brazil
of course carter goes high
Road trip!!! Maryland bound!
.oh, straw men... They're almost as fun to verbally abuse as real people!
I just love riding on a bus full of little kids singing frozen songs.
I get to work the Fourth of July and the day after it!
Helping Dad move Appliances is super fun and pretty much my favorite thing!!
the sickest of invites from all y'all!
La gente pide Brodeeeerr
It's July 1st, I've heard the jambo theme song 8 times already. That's out of 7,465 times left this month. Excited about this
Miami Heat fans r so intimidating how r the spurs winning by 20
One minute has passed, where are the signings!
Me: uh..obviously because Father's Day is every day and I love you..
Happy Birthday Will Smith. You deserve it!
I'm so glad work informed me about the new parking &amp; associate door entrance...
LOVE how NONE of drivers know how to get to or City Hall w\/o gps or how driver started my fare B4 he had directions
Mom better hurry. I'm missing the game.
Looking forward to some speedway tonight
Another day, another plane....
Back to the wall stuff!
Glad to know you pay attention to me. :)
Thanks to the Iowa 5sos fam for letting me know of the meet up :((
YAY! My privacy belongs to only!
Well this morning is starting out fantastic.
Just had a terribly anxiety attack and mom yelled at me 'don't breathe that way, just breathe normal' jeeh mom, that helped!!
Oh look. It's nap time. Awwww unfortunately that means I'll have to miss LA lifting the cup. Shucks.
It's a good thing they bulldozed Quarry Ridge GC... So much progress...
The English claim they'll have Italian pizza for today's meal
Thank you, Internet Fair Use Policy
Nothing I would rather do on my Saturday than work a 9 hr shift til 6
Andy is such a brilliant speaker! He TEACHES it in school!
The rich can get away with murder. Wow. Must be nice.
Way to go for being there for me!
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
I love when people are really passionate about something and feel the need to tell me I'm a moron if I'm not consuming that thing.
OMG! The way those Brazilians celebrated winning a LAST 16 MATCH. ON PELANTIES. Against a 'lesser' team.
Mom: "What are your plans for today?"
Bravo fella on the mountain bike from to Salford Crescent. Skipped 3 red lights. Where do I get one of those permits?
Listening to my country music and Jake was like \"this is my favorite song off all time, nvm this one is!\"
I got a peek at the blackboard in Portugal's locker room before the game. All it said was: BEASLEY.
Was nice talking....
Chillin with my sisters cat drinking a beer and binge watching OITNB. You could say i live a dangerous life
What a weird match Kyrgios vs Raonic will be ..ACE ACE.....ACE ACE...
Hey let's talk about Cleveland because the entire city cares about basketball and lebron
My level of has got to the point where I don't know if I'm kidding or not;)
Smh ": hmmn Ok..... Time to switch to Mode."
Seriously could see bidding for this lad? What a player? Like Walcott with an end product! Sign him up
Whooooo just passed my midterm, feeling real smart... haha kidding it was open book
Oh wow, I finally get my phone back
June was awesome. Sucks I \"sold in May\".
New pictures of terrorised population of Mosul under
This match was in the 80s &amp; humid &amp; both teams are spent. Oh, yeah, Qatar in 4 yrs is going to be great with its 110 degrees.
I'm glad everyone on my news feed are professional soccer announcers.
being ignored by your boyfriend is so fabtastic.
What? Buster's real name isn't Buster???
And now my nose is throbbing in pain. Yay for me!!!
Damn my phone's about to die
cheers to everyone texting me
Wow Friday the 13th has been good to me :-)
Obvious penalty not given. Thanks ref!
It's okay.. Its not like I'm ever going to graduate in high school again.
Last day of freedom :( back to work tomorrow, can't wait!
Running in Orkney...... Rubbish views!
Most exciting Saturday I've had in a long time
Oh yeah and here's to
You know when a liberal like Charlie Cook says it's over, then it's over.
Well this was the best 4th of July ever.
I enjoy being a "nobody". When I turn into a "somebody", I don't want anything to do with the rest of the "somebodies".
cannot contain my excitement for the 2k tonight
Golf clubs are out and ready..lets hope for good weather so I can show my skills tomorrow ;) right ? Lol
Better headline: result of Germany-Brazil game causes world press to search thesaurus...
I get so many snapchats it's unreal. Ha
I think 87's "wrist injury" is just a excuse for his poor playoff performance
But markovic wears at benfica,he cant be THAT good?
Oh good...more rain. I was beginning to think we'd dry out.
Everyone is making signings and Arsene is on a beach in Brazil smh...
Uruguay have this laughable attitude of \"the world's against us\". Thankfully that doesn't happen in Scottish football
Managed to break my own mouse. Welp, waiting for the new one to arrive. ..
Watching the sunrise alone is so much fun
Pulled something in my neck and now it hurts to breath. Sweet. Sleeping is going to be fun.
Parents: YOUR ROOM IS A MESS!!
Come back time for Switzerland.
ho good one cuz- everybody wants to hear your freaking loud weed wacker on 4th of July morning!
Aw some people are just so lovely aren't they....
YES !! Because I own it.....
Really Germany, great sportsmanship by your head coach
Never thought Pepe was capable of something like that...
.Who could predict that?
This night just keeps getting better and better.
makes you mentally .. Which is very effective when dealing with emotional &amp;
what a comeback
Is BJ Upton really making 15 million a year? Good job Braves!
Coffee &amp; baby spit up both down my shirt in one morning... Thank God I have a white shirt on!
My grandpa's sense of humor is seriously on point.
ganda ng boses ko hahahahaha. =))))))))
Tomorrow going to a , , how cool...
And father of the year goes to...
Oh, come on!
I am a vampire no longer !
Honduras - now they know how to play football the right way. Class team with plenty of skill Oh but Benzema is class
.have lost back to back series. Time to panic.
Nice to see objectively reporting on invasion, not just peddling articles ... oh wait \n
My night just keeps getting better
Bring LeBron to Toronto
My job is a cook at a rehab/health center and I just love my .01% raise
Good to know someone is spending money on my carr under my name.
I always live traffic after a log day at work
Feeling so good about myself :-)
Well data's going to be fun tomorrow
What a momentum-killer for the finals for Germany.
Nothing better than coming into work an hour earlier than you're supposed to....
Way to go Timmy. Congrats on the no no. Once again this a great opportunity to say thank you to the for not drafting him.
I've got all the time in the world, it's fine ;-)
It's so awesome when you ask off for the 4th of July 3 weeks ago but don't get it and now you have to work 11-8 on it.
These 2 days off have really made me miss work
It's nice being ignored and treated like a pile of shit
Love all this Heat love from &amp; No surprise there hasn't been 1 word about Dwayne Wades Flopping
Watching , a little disappointed they aren't covering Lebron's free agency more.
Just wrote out 4 checks... growing up is awesome.
love that every tourist in Warwick treats any road as a pavement
I'm doing my right now. is so much fun
Whoever put that reservation in for an hour after we close tonight, thanks for the extra two hours of work.
working out with the spideys in my basement
Im so ready for a summer of feeling worthless
The booked my room incorrectly, and when we asked them to fix it, they told us to pound sand. Excellent service!
Twitter keeps showing you fake notifications to get you to open the app more often
I love being home alone on Friday nights...
Yay it's my favorite holiday!
stay classy not trashy but a little nasty Inspirational quotes by :')
A tie means we advance right?
Damn y'all Heat fans are loyal as fuck. Booing y'all own team
I'm SOOOO shocked everyone is hating the new film! Why do all still watch Michael Bay movies?! :p
Panic attacks are the best
Well that was very reassuring of you...
I love how I can only sleep an hour at a time, then think about my life for another hour, and start the cycle over.
Driving the next 4 hours in this downpour is gona be SO much fun.
Back in Baltimore... Woohoo
You try your hardest to try and help out other people and in the end they don't give a fuck about you. Oh okay thanks!
8 hour shift tonight
Have a free night and a to-do list a mile long. Such an exciting life I lead!
Freaked out. How can you live in a world without Facebook. My selfies became worthless. No likes or comments.
. Bad day... Love it when someone just makes the day even worse.
I shouldnt have drink that green tea. I was too greedy green. Now i cant sleep.
Yay I am going to work at the fireworks tent.
I love how my family contacts me via text message when I'm in the other room...
Was there a double rainbow in sturg tonight?
congrats to holland!! they totally "deserved" it! YAY!
Wooo yeah Herrera! What a signing!
I love when my mother asks if she can do something for me, then treats me like I'm a big pain in the ass.
Wow Kim kardashian dyed her hair blonde. Thats amazing i love it taking over my twitter n fb...
what a long 11 hour shift at work. just got home, and have to be there by 7am tomorrow. Yay me!!!!!
OH MY GOD, I can't believe it! Earn50$RightNow is following me!!!
Omgah y'all Miley is on NBC... . And the girlf just busted me so I'm tweeting this from the corner of the guest room!
In the waiting room at the doctor's office watching daytime soap operas...awesome....
So excited to see who the take in the first round.
Great batting day , got beaned 3 times .....
I gained 4 pounds this weekend. All healthy, alcohol free lbs.
Too many people at this movie theater right now
I enjoyed reading all of the sweet Father's Day messages to all of the fathers that don't have social media and will never see them
Yung ibang kanta, grabe sa pagka-poetic.
The conspiracy theories about the a Heat and the refs are totally not played out and beaten to death
should i temporarily become a whore for a week to just take advantage of having no parents here?
Italy vs Liverpool Wooooooo
Great Father's Day folks
Well done Mario, well done: you're gonna miss next match.\n\n
Jets hit a home run with Thorburn signing. Value and term!
MLS is the best soccer nation ever
Muy buen curso de Cocteleria, donde aprendimos sobre el uso de Twitter
Brazil shouldn't be worried, their attack force of Fred, Hulk and Jo will come alive soon
I'm late to the party but congratulations !!!! I know u hate super hero stuff but suck it up its work.
*Malaysia terbaik urus rasuah* \nTak tahu pulak ada lesen gerenti lulus.\n\nsila saman cermin gelap.\n
Summers off to a great start.
I love girls who reject you for not being the hottest guy on the planet, and for not being a bad boy
Literally I'm SO happy for you.
Judging by the comments on facebook, I'm assuming that England won the football..
Oh yeah i love it when ppl 'k ' me.
Maybe i'm expecting too much and telling him to stop dancing with scissors 20 times is probably not enough
: The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it.
Lebron quitting on yet another team\/fanbase? Never saw that coming.
Thanks for starting my day off right guy who followed me down an alley to flirt with me.
I really do have friends that care.
I can't wait to see all the snapchats of fireworks later
Wonderful drive down today !
Shoutout to my homie Bella for cleaning her room
No birdie for Kaymer - has to settle for only a 5 stroke lead with 13 holes to go!
This night couldn't get any better.
Packing up all our stuff into a truck to move to Granada Hills is exactly what I want to do on my 4th of July.
I love it when people have the title of sous chef at some shitty little restaurant.
Good thing they didn't stall
Is it so hard to find a woman who will watch debates and nova with me?
I love when people don't text me back
... and that's why I caught both a stomach bug and a bad cold at the same time of different people at work\/uni. Thanks a lot! (2\/2)
Why yes, I love dealing with ignorant people in the morning. It's the brightest spot of the day at work.
S/O to for holding it in tonight
Great coverage on The Weather Channel of wedge tornado in Nebraska at the moment.
A great man once sad if it requires uniform then its a worthless endavour...I suppose I should leave school
No penalty shoot out to look forward to for England, boo.
I just love being a terrible friend sometimes
I love scripted conversations..
I love traffic so much, almost as much as putting bamboo shoots up my fingernails.
Working on Friday night and Saturday night is the best!
No football means I get lifestyle lectured instead of '85 football was different lectured....yay
Thanks a lot for not licensing the manga Viz!!
s\/o to the 10 states that are taking away child support payments in 2015. you're awesome.
Jacking up my house is easy!
Life is flipping marvellous
I am already enjoying the longer days and being able to fit more into a day
So excited to work this 2-11.
Liars are cute!
