More Suarez shitey bitey jokes please.Nowhere near enough on my TL.
My Nokia isn't even a week old and has a dead pixel already. Haven't dropped it yet either. Amazing build quality
Also, is involved in the ugliest, most boring game of the thus far. Who'd have thought it?
Awesome. Now has ads!
Wow really. That's cool.
doesn't persist it's value while switching between ? Astoundingly impressive.
George Washington is following me. I've been to his home and grave. Didn't know you could get WiFi in a tomb. ;-)
Yeah, you care so much.
Oh great it's Andrews castle
I can't imagine the struggle it must've been for Hill-Bill to keep their million dollar homeS afloat.
It's funny that you think you're better than everyone else.
Hmm. Who would have guessed that Rollins would try to distract Dean during his match.
I'm so glad nobody follows me on twitter!! I'd seem pretty awesome!
why yes climate change is a hoax because oil co.s are philanthropists and scientists are pure evil.
ohh please don't call my name...I'll go &amp; jump off a high cliff lmao
- must be a better player now .. after all he has got a premier league winners medal.
Redefining line is government's way of saying " Go F yourselves " to the poor.
Thanks for waking me up 5 minutes before my alarm
So guess who gets to raise her stat grade by 10% in four days?! This lucky girl!!
Black ! This is a bad one i guess!! :-\/
I just love it when I get to Disney and it starts raining
NYDA be so rich that they cant take everyone in team coz of high costs, but will earn the Prakash's abt 60 cr Rs ^_^
thnx mom and dad
Shittonne of defenders and stick to Messi, great tactics from Van Gaal
Im also tweeting about world cup. Im a part of something
Well, for those who care, today was fucking fantastic.
Jaws 2 commentary: ya get back in the water 10 minutes after the shark attack that's smart.
Its nice to know my dad is so supportive of everything i do
Laredo commercials are so high quality
Thank god iggy azalea came on the radio I haven't heard her song in the last ten minutes
No obnoxious vacationer, definitely wasn't ignoring you when you commented on my night running, I just didn't hear you
I'm glad I got 4 hours of sleep last night.
Boy, I really hope Lebron only signs a 1year deal so we can do this again next year! Seriously, why do we care anymore?
: Ok,Somethings are just not worth fighting for.. Let's sayyyy. Oh I got one how about now that's a I live with.
I love it when people think they have everything figured out...
Lol at the 21st birthdays happening this weekend.
I love c4s
Joel Embiid to the Lakers because he tweeted it it must be true! :-)
this is the GREATEST birthday ever
at least we didn't lose on penalties
Errr.. telling ppl to be direct n not gg round e bush..?
I wish you would not cook me pizza...
Eye incision thingy booked for the 23rd. I'm so excited . Can't wait to drive home on whatever pain meds I get during the procedure.
yeah cliche angel digimon-like &gt; beasts based on Greek &amp; Egypt (respectively) mythology digimon
After HR, Worth started pumping sidearm fastballs. 89, 88, 88, 89, 88. Survives T9 ... trail Pawtucket 11-1, play "Happy"
All that's left to set up on my new is . Oh, how fun
One sees great parenting at sporting events.
Yeah bc that makes me feel 10x better after all that.
Peter King sure got treated to a gem in Calgary. yikes! what a snoozefest. Thanks for showing up
Games rained out but it's ok there's lots to do in Huntsville!
Awesome! just ruled that Aereo is illegal. Another big win for the greedy cable companies. Big win for innovation here!
Jobless claims down a bit. I'm sure Fed members are busy moving their dots on the plot following this news.
Im sure tony abbotts policies had nothhhhhi g to do with that huh great bloke
bosque plaaning to bring in torres. awesome strategy really
Tieredness and a maths exam is a great mix :/
When ur welfare suckling, "disabled" neighbors get a swimming pool on the 4th of July...
Sure, I'll miss 9yo's playoff game today! I totally want to go to a baby shower for a cousin who's never even met our 5yo.
Plz stop by unannounced.I've been doing yard work all morning . I'll woo you w/ my...stunning personality?
Prepare whole night for morning presentation and lecturer tak dtg. Means kls takdak. Nice feeling evaaaaa
I'm sorry that I'm outspoken and strongly opinionated
Its better in the office because summer is all year round!
Emotionally unstable but hayyyyyyyyy. .
You know what they should put in ? The Caribbean Strap Match! (No, they shouldn't)
Oh wow people actually want to talk to me
Oh great. Massive hospital bill
COME ON BRAZIL YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE!!!
Oh how comfy this recliner is , I really don't miss my bed at all . My eyes hurt so I guess this'll do .
No...: Source who spoke with KLove says he would definitely \"100 pct\" stay in Cleveland longterm if LeBron is there
\"What is your Oculus Rift strategy?\" -
Fly sets at 6 am are my fav thing
Well I WAS enjoying my view of the track. Thanks for allowing semis in the infield .
Hi ! thanks for denying me guacamole, that you HAVE in the kitchen. That I would have bought.
You know it's gonna be a good day when you start it with 1x extended internet.
I get to go for a ride in a two truck today. Yay!
Amando a copa
Well had to get my nanas sugar upat 5am it was great
I see maybe 8 teens in line for their licenses. haha
Can't wait to sleep in my car tn
My luck is just amazing ??
You can tell that it's summer with all these kids that are outside playing.
Cause a good part of me is like 'no go party tonight' but the other is like 'think of all the shows you can get caught up on' ugh
Totally excited for this 1-930 shift...
Why yes twitter, I would like to see posts from something I unfollowed\r
nice to see my transfers have made an impact
Are Man u in the Top4? How come they are signing players so easily?
Come on you dinosaur Bosh. Just announce that you signed with Houston already!
Love Saturday nights with no plans...
Nothing better than no hot water at the gym in the morning...
Reading scientific journals
Clive thought that was in, great commentary
Nothing like watching a film about John Keats to liven up a Monday evening.
Getting ripped off by landlords, my favorite.
Soon time for that wonderful 90 minute commute 31N to 202N to 287N to . Yeh! :(
Man:How do I knw u love me 4 me?\nwoman:Honey thats a problem 4 rich,famous &amp; handsome guys,U have nothing 2 worry about!\n
So glad is playing "The Final Countdown" for World Cup coverage. I thought it might be something cheesy.
Just rode on the 1st escalator in Whitehaven. How I will live the excitement I'll never know
At least I look happy in that pic! Lol
Gee, thanks Twitter for keeping track of every PK kick in
Peggles is Free on Origins. I'm glad EA know what people like to play :D
Bob Willis' voice is so exciting...
I don't understand why they keep showing the replay of the goal over and over! I think they showed it 5 times now?!
I like when people lie
Break in right across the street. Yaaaay for living alone.
Don't you love when you play a great round and one or two holes just kill it?
LOL non lo sapevamo BBC LOL
mandates are bad. forcing women to pay for their own contraception even when it is too $ is good.
At least the medical clinic has A/C....
may insomia is back do i need to welcome you ?
Tiredness is key to a great day
By god its warm out, good thing I'm in all black, wouldn't want to stay cool or anything
Some people are .. wow...... You're so inspiring ....
A 15 year old being mother hen to a drunkin 30-40 year olds.....this is exactly how I wanted to spend my night...
$NDX $NQ June is bearish... don't forget...
Omar Asik is on the move again. No one wants the poor guy.
Nice to know how you really feel
Now a day full of professional development!! What joy!
Music playing - massive attacks teardrops. Reminds me of house MD. ah that
Now, how do I show via twitter? ?
Jabari Parker goes from one Coack K to another Coach K...should be a smooth transition...
Everyone says Neymar is weak, I think he's a really tough because he keeps playing through his many injuries that happen in a match
I keep forgetting to hash tag my posts with today. Doh!
Like your videos btw
Wait, hold on a minute. The UNIONS are corrupt....no fucking way!!!
Tucking in the shirt tonight at Target so that I can belittle my coworkers
Liberals - "Protect the animals but abort the babies." Makes sense
So stoked that Adnan is hosting SVP today. No take I'd rather hear, besides maybe Broussard.
The biggest obstacle 2 happiness is expecting 2 much from it!
I appreciate the new followers, but who are you tattooed kool aid hair colored people?
What a wonderful Friday evening, just think only one more day of work tomorrow.
Thanks Kirsten for atleast texting back and telling me you aren't coming.
Yeah. That's the ticket. Bring on Torres.
To the guy who lives close to me, please keep cursing loud on the phone. I really want to hear your drama
lol yes Aria its really over. everything is resolved in the premiere episode...
Where was this effort when Joker was recruiting for UK?
Jeff from Rules Of Engagement is probably one of the few people I'd never tire of listening too
Thank You Maryland! $8 tolls are my favorite.
Attention: Im about to go to Kroger with my mom and I will be riding around in a motorized scooter. Check one off the bucket list
Yes every blonde person at the beach today is related to me
Wat is die Milow toch een fantastische toevoeging aan het programma.
Sat waiting for dinner. Great biologing so far (kinda)
Apparently the KKK is alive and well in Pulaski County Kentucky.
My moms lack of interest is pretty awesome...
No party promoters in Canada are very creative. Rio!
Pepe got a red card what a shocker!!
What a beautiful day. You know what? I feel like sitting in an un-air conditioned office and being moaned at by strangers
My favorite way to start a morning... full of anxiety and nausea.
LeBron will totally want to go to the Celtics to play with Kelly Olynyk, the Knicks for JR Smith, and the Lakers for Kobe.
I feel da love \n
You lost so much weight you look like a prepubescent Thai boy. Wow. If only one day someone could say to me.
Can't wait to see everyone's fireworks pictures...
Being polite with your loveone is sooo cute fo eachother. .
The barnstormers are so much better than the Phillies...
\"I might just be able to survive on 60 million. I could manage somehow\"
the people who are insulting are such good people that they never made a mistake in their lives...
Happy July 5th everyone!! So glad you guys are celebrating this AMAZING day in our country's history!
No matter how good two girls are with each other. They'll surely backbite about the other as soon as one leave.
so someone is asking you for advice? that why exists answer!
This is super fun
Such a shame there's no Argentinian F1 driver at the moment. German GP would be electric with the footy\/f1 crossover.
I totally lose sleep when people flick me the bird in public.
Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what idiot your gonna see.
What a great way to wake up
Pretty soon he will be at .240! : where no one could catch it
Pepe sent off?! Shocker!
Silent moment for Spain and their national team.
You know, I feel strangely compelled to follow the orders of a 15 year old troll from England. I will never follow my dreams again.
I was like why am I so energetic, I can't sleep. Then I noticed I forgot to take my phiten off.
Oh, yes. Gunshots in the distance will make for sweet dreams,
Tell me more about the disorder that I went through and you know nothing about.
There's nothing I love more than random torrential downpour.
Because obviously the smart thing to do when having a sensitive hearing is stay in Egypt
The world cup isn't over yet?
What a great day so far
Some dedication you got.
Well that's just dandy...
Great start Microsoft. No really.
Johnny Knoxville as Leonardo, Tony Shalhoub as Splinter. Michael Bay yer a fuckin genius X_X;;;;
I finally got a life...yeahhhh...One sec...it's only Candy Crush...hmm mm
So happy this ended with a shootout.
My body finally quit on me, how nice...
dad expressing his love for Gerrard
im in a good mood right now, so please don't ruin my day.
Since today is international kissing day, here is kissing all you unwanted people goodbye
I love not having plans for my day off work. It's great!
Could this day get any worse? I think it can.
Oh yay - Monday!
Just walk in the house and immediately start yelling at everyone.
But please, apply to these schools and let me know how that goes for ya. Because y'know, it must be SO easy
I love people that assume.
If Miami loses tomorrow expect me to be all depressed for about two months
No sleep again tonight and work at 8 tomorrow sounds like a great plan
at its finest RT It's Rooney's fault. And Tom Cleverley's
Woo, can't wait to start running!!
Please don't interrupt me while I'm ignoring you
At uni on a public holiday.. Gosh I'm cool.
My Texas upbringing.
Does Colin Morgan have a driver's license now?
TV-"Earth is covered with water"
Wow, that was very creative....
If only Landon was on the team
I love when everybody at work start talking with accents
drinking by myself @ shyannes is so fun &amp; not boring
Could more get injured please!!\n
super excited to be on twitter
If we need anything to deal with child abuse allegations at the Home Office, it's a meta-inquiry
Yay, more tests and no answers
Top notch info goes in at 1\/3
Stop dead? ::fist pump::
Italian sportscasters going for the cream of the crop in American music. Now it's Miley Cyrus's \"Wrecking Ball.\"
Hmm yeah I really want to travel the country so maybe I should fake my own abduction, seems like a totally sane thing to do
Really feeling the support at the moment.
Yay! Driving up to Norco High School is always fun!
I thought it was only a hockey thing for teams to shake after the end of finals series?
.ARTHUR YOU ARE MISTAKEN
It's nice to know that my neighbors are dedicated enough to making my life a living hell by setting off fireworks even in a storm
My vote for this years mercury music prize is who ever wrote the 'Brazil, Brazil' song
When your boyfriend cares more about his shoes than you... But he has swag so it's okay.
I really love it when my family brings unexpected company to the house.
Nothing like the warm inviting smell of urine to greet me on the long bus ride home
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend or a stranger
I've come to appreciate my weekends a lot more lately
Bloke in the messroom at work is a world expert on everything. Why he's driving a train for a living is beyond me
Yay for being up at 8 to play soccer...
Oh no Venus is out of Wimbledon
Nice ... we now have RWNJ trolling our . Because only they know how to be Christians.
Greatest weekend ever!!!!!
Haha back to your hilarious jokes once again.
Going to get a CAT scan done. Woohoo
The party is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S. "Essential exams" yet only multiple choice? Nice move
I would probably alllow to take me on a date, I mean if I wasn't busy and he wasn't.
In other news. Defend LBJ being anything more than for himself. First CLE now MIA, yup definitely proving to be a team player.
Oh wow so bummed I can't go to strength and conditioning
Happy 4th of July everyone! God (B)less America.
i wonder if we got a goal
Love a lack of communication makes my night
Aku rasa dia nie hunger attention tol.\n
'Cause he ended up all the way at the baseline, right?
Boy do I love early morning trips to the ....
Getting drunk at a bar during the game by myself ?
Everyone is just waiting for the schedule, right?
How have I only just now discovered the deliciousness that is Ezekiel bread? Once again, I blame ...
That "cool" shower was fantastic
Oh yes, graphic designers love this mindset from prospective employers: "You have to get me unlimited revisions until am satisfied!"
is running slowly &amp; buggy for me this morning. Whatevs. It's not like I use it for my job or anything.
Gender biasing on Twitter\nBoy's tweet got only single favourite\nWhile same tweet by Girl got 46 favourites along w\/ 16 retweets.
So much for sleeping.. Got called into work not even an hour after getting home. for an "emergency" . on another note
Really wanted to see a no hitter! Damn it posey!
if someone's made a meme about me, does it mean i've made it? momma, i've made it!
D'you think we've got nothing better to do in Potions than listen to Snape?
\"This is why I shop at Hobby Lobby. Good solid Americans.\" at its finest folks
Do people seriously think my last tweet was real? Dude
Damn, gutted for Brazil, Germany got soooo lucky
See, this is why we went out innit. Our lads didn't sing the national anfem with this much gusto.....
3 stabbings in Portsmouth in 2 weeks... What is wrong with people?
No days off until Thursday... Whooooo!
I can't seem to find anyone who knows what Tiger shot today?
that goal line technology really helped
Welp due to the lack of media coverage, I'm assuming that CHA just gave us Powell and Haywood for free!
My week is starting off splendid
Surprised that Peter Pan was onstage and it wasn't Cathy Rigby and a set piece wasn't coming down.
That acquisition is going well for them so far MT : Hatcher will undergo arthroscopic surgery 2 cleanup knee. Out 4-6 wks
Surely an apology should be enough?!
I'll be back downtown in less than 8 hours. I love life.
I love being alone..
Nothing like giving up a grand slam to a punch and Judy hitter. Always a recipe for success.
It's all about letting ppl know the truth and getting justice for Trayvon. It's not about the money.
There's nothing more fun than sitting outside a closed meeting waiting for it to become public.
because shelters are a non option .
liverpool with moses, cissokho and aspas: 2nd
I look forward to reading endless condemnation from media &amp;other orgs of shooting on CNN corespondent .
I FUCKING LOVE GOING CAMPING AND SEEING ALL MY FRIENDS HAVE FUN. GOD DON'T I JUST LOVE HANGING OUT WITH MY FAMILY.
I find it so attractive when a girl has her head buried in her phone
David Luiz scored a goal. A defender that can score let's sign him!
Tk u so much for that update about ur day! No one has ever gone to work, the gym &amp; then had dinner in 1 day!! How do u do that?!
I Love How My Mom Can Yell At Me One Second And Then Ask For A Favor The Next
It's cool bro we don't need help were just standing here helping ourselves
I love having an exam with lecture after until 10pm.
Sometimes the first step to forgiveness is understanding that the other person is an idiot.
You have a bright future!
Pranked my mom saying I got Lunch Detention lol she believed me guess she thinks I'm a bad child...to bad I'm a goody goody YAY
.When I was you're age we only had monitors with one color. AND WE LIKED IT!
Its now am goin to bed no be say I go club!!...sleep thank u for coming now o!
2:30 AM is the most definitely the appropriate time to text your coworker for favors!!!!!!!! Someone let my manager know!!!!!!!!!
Wanting to post a selfie, but not having the perfect song lyrics to go with it. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;\n\n
Why do I get the feeling that English players WAGS are making final preparations for the holidays
Going on 3 hours w\/o power. Awesome.
Look at my last retweets--there's still hope lol
LeBron is going to opt out of deal with Miami. I'm so very shocked.
No way my life would be complete without excel spreadsheets...
Sens got a Swede?! *NoooOooo*
I'm fine with only 10 followers. No,really.
When your car dies in public and you have to wait on your dad to drive into town so he can jump it off. Just Plain Yay. .
Sono tornato dopo secoli a 70 followers, sono di nuovo una TwitStar!
Oh look, it's that "My year in pictures" Facebook video thing again. Yippee.
Only looking for girls under 4 feet
I really love tweets comparing Monday Mornings to certain types of people.
1 &amp; 1/2 hour sa pila ng bus.
Training with and what a slacker he is!!! Can't even finish his own ab workout
I definitely understand the announcer when he keeps referring to past games
Stuck at home, just lovely
Didn't see that coming
I am sure Frankie was shocked Devin hadn't taken a shower yet and was talking about Amber with Devin in HOH
I've worked it all out now
Obama annouces US troops will now be wearing sneakers to avoid \"boots on the ground\"
There's nothing more fun than sitting in the dark for hours and hours.
Everyone loves Diva action.
I'm sure all the beheaded Iraqis agree with , along with
Just watched a skateboarder at King &amp; Germain almost take out someone. Great job on enforcing those bylaws.
THANK GOODNESS for Fifa clarifying that the penalty did cross the line coz I wasn't sure :s
I'm so happy I have great friends! That's why I go so many invites to do stuff today.
okay so I guess I'm gonna have a fun July 4th .... somebody come over please
Can locate on a map?
I really found this guys number blocked in my phone, I wonder who did it
Finally got fls working again... now the minijack port on my laptop is broken!
what's the job called the dole I might send my cv, anyone got the address
Thank you Siri, for tellin us to make a right when we shoulda made a left. You were of good help to us
In case it wasn't clear...that was
&amp; Eminem became top 5 rapper ever cause he's white. that lead to him being able to out rap everybody else.
Yes, exactly you're absolutely right, Cantor losing DOES mean we don't need to fix campaign finance.
Oh damn you texted me just to bitch about your life? Wouawow!! Just what I needed. I crave negativity. Gimme that shit now.
Congrats to the English lad on hitting 10k subs! Time to quit work and live off YT MONAAAAYY!
My girlfriend told me she wouldn't kiss me anymore if I got a bad haircut. also
... lower center of gravity
The Big Three will be in Cleaveland next year because of the .
People shooting off fireworks + living in front of a fire station = me not sleeping for a week but ha jokes on u, I hate sleeping!
I'm feeling the love today
S/O to all edmontonians for their interstellar driving!
S\/o to my mom for another lecture about looking down upon swimming because it can make my skin dark.
Wow the wing feels fantastic today
Love autocorrect on my phone!
So the second half of Brazilian decimation begins...I think Brazil are still in a good position though
I just love being up before the sun
Wait, what?!? The 6th ranked team () is getting blown out by the 17th ranked team () ?! Shocking!! \n\n
This whole not being able to sleep thing is pretty cool.
omg codcod yes more cod yesss
While same tweet by Girl got 46 favourites along w/ 16 retweets.
I miss you but you replied "I miss me too"
it's so good that I can always count on my family in everything and they support me so much :)))
Have they mentioned Anderson is 6ft 8 yet?
So Nigeria is suspend by FIFA . Good going Nigerian Government . . Why remove NFF?
If at first you don't succeed, blame your parents. ()
My parents are currently playing the \"let's put our socially awkward daughter in an abundance of social situations\" game. Awesome.
I wish this game would've started at 10 so I could've stayed up til 1am watching it.
Tomorrow Is Monday, Yay!
i just love how mrs. turner takes her sweet ass time to grade these exams
Brutal defense Germany. You have no shot on Sunday with how you let that goal in
always take little jabs at your customer when they're on a support call with you. Because why not, right? Fish ==&gt; Barrel.
This is gonna be fun
Ya that's a hand ball good call ref
Yay, cant wait to wake up at 5:30am for my soccer game tomorrow :-)
Sent my parents a &amp; my dad says he hopes my face looks better tomorrow when I get home.
Maybe LeBron, Melo, and Kevin Love will all get together and go to the Lakers
Watching the "MJ flu game", wonder who's gonna win!!!
What a fantastic 4th of July!
Lol... many girls don't even know who neymar is!!!..
2 hours wasn't bad at all
I don't think I needed to add to that last tweet. If you couldn't tell that it was , you should probably give up on Twitter.
Why all the belly aching over Grigor on CC? Thought we had all agreed he is the next big thing
Also Halo 2: Anniversary. A game no one had ANY idea was coming.
Im basically drinking water at this point
You know what this game needs? Fernando Torres!
Okay na? Okay?
Crystallized pathogens released as a result of deforestation is something that is not public knowledge, wonder why, .
I do laught when people say that they are very cute and very given to... hahah
I loooove when clumps of my hair fall out.
It's SO CLASS that Mexicans scream PUTO when the opposing gk kicks from his box.
I just love going to my son's tkd class and I happen to sit next to the chatterbox moms.
Starting summer school tomorrow
Buffalo Sabres 2015 Stanley Cup Champions? maybe
when someone takes your seriously!
You don't say -.-
Well that was pretty neat...
Not a lot of news in in the past 24 hours, eh?
Eeyore just thoughtfully reminded me that Christmas is exactly 6 months from today.
Why should I be crying?
Work at 5 am tomorrow, cant wait!
Well I guess I wont be doing anything for my birthday! Yay!!!!
And 3. Scale the wall of that giant ass building. I dare you.
So you can take the whole week of fair off, but I ask to get done early and your flipping out...
Sixers have the best luck
Dear Community Leader - you're dealing with intense, varied, complex probs, but real issue is that you call yourself Aboriginal.
I can't wait to sell snow cones in this heat
\"nothing saves money like being antisocial\"
guess we wont talk today. that's cool. I mean its not like we have limited time to talk or anything...
Perks of summer wrestling... ringworm
Chitrahaar () \": In 25 years we have not been able to produce an original world class TV show in India. Think!\"
I'm wearing my loose braces and i feel gorgeous
The issue with talking to kids is that they don't understand .
Great time to start feeling sick!
God forbid a fat person should express their desire to eat...shouldn't they be full from all the junk food they shoved I to them?
Turning 20 in July hell ya
Dorky chick like you turn me on too oh yes... Exactly how I remember scooby doo :')
So, that was a slow start... LOL
I just love it when my bf doesn't text me back
Oh no my boy beas is active today
Life in Australia sure can be rough
Got heat stroke... right on!!
I think SA comedy wud be much better if more comics spoke about the subtle differences between whites, blacks, coloureds &amp; Indians
Was asked to pick up dead bird at work Yup I'm your gal 4 year degree and experience to complete that task Technique is everything
great way to start me summer..
I get to drive to Anacortes tomorrow to pick up my Mom. Yay me.
I like to ignore my white privilege &amp; perpetuate negative stereotypes surrounding people of color
Wow. Verizon systems down again? Thank goodness, I was getting tired of making money
having a tough time with this injury. Could it still be 's hold on him?
What a shocker!
Seedorf must be really disappointed with his career.
I love waiting around .. I just love it
Just found out that I live on the third floor of Hercules. Carrying all my stuff should be fun.
Well that is just great mom. Thank you!!!
I love that he can't be a decent person.
FIFA... impredecible qe pase Argentina
One if my favorite places to be- The DMV!
.. It should say, "I WANT TO BE A LIBERAL! ALL FOR THE PARTY THE PARTY FOR ONE! LONG LIVE THE PARTY!"
Nice to see that you remembered I exist
Great work out today from !!!!!
oh i enjoy not having a motorcycle here in ... ... stupid busses here have no efficient scheduling...
Pshhhh.. I'm the happiest girl in the world.
So fun being up half the night with kids then going into work!
So glad I can fall asleep tonight.
Timing is just beaut right now!!
LeBron has signed with Cleveland. Maybe now we can get back to 24 hour soccer coverage.
Fun Fact: the '56 World Cup Final is still being played. The score is tied 1-1.
I love the little game your playing ?
This game is clearly missing some yellow cards.
And there it is again
Good thing I wasn't looking forward to that all day..
Wow. Spray tan sues the President. What a great idea. THAT'S gonna really take down Obama.
A night of celebration and you being petty as hell... BRAVO, Nicki Minaj you knew what you were doing
They haven't let Rickie Weeks go yet? What are they thinking?
So when will they air the new \"Where will Lebron go\" special? Really looking forward to that...
Welp... I just fell down the stairs!...\nIt was sooo much fun and it felt great too...I'm sure I'll get to do it again sometime...\n\n
TF is a Zendaya?
Can't wait to see Brian Dozier and Adam Jones in the HR Derby!
Pretty Little Liars is on? Holy shit no way\n
Close up of eye surgery Yup. That's exactly the kind of stock photo that I was looking for and a client would love.
Two players that won't play....cool
Oh, golly. Mor DR3
Today was such a fucking great day!
I can't wait to go to my 9 year old nephew's birthday party so my mother can have 2 hours to criticize me without interference.
Playing Gears of War 3 offline is so much better then playing it online
a child before 24. Having goals are important
D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention
I love waking up to a new email yelling at me for doing my job.
Everything's so perfect rn
It's always so comforting to know I have people here that will help take care of me when I'm sick.
They can still qualify mathematically RT : Really can't stop laughing at England.... They're still hoping!!!!
Russia cut off gas supplies to Kiev. How helpful...
What a bum. Demote Mookie Betts. He sucks. I thought he was supposed to be good.
Nothing makes me happier than when I never get a reply back to my texts.
Let my happy weekend start opening seven to three Saturday Sunday Monday..I love working weekends.
\": Wat d hell, hw cn d PM b happy about d success of d kids of his staff!\nStop being so non-elitist Mr. PM\" ? :o ;)
I have watches cops all day. This Saturday has been one for the ages. great to be home
My parents are literally the sweetest.
My summer has been so exciting so far...
Looks like it's going to be great weather to patrol in.
I love it when you walk out the door and the humidity roundhouse kicks you in the face
Spain is going to win the world cup! xD
Betances strikes out Kyle Blanks. A strikeout for Betances??? Unheard of...
All this food but i'm still not hungry
So finding out I'll be spending pretty much all of my summer when I'm not away in physical therapy is just what I planned to do...
Family, we're official now. All twenty-two minutes that it took to make ourselves a Twitter account makes us bona-fide
So wait, a loss is a bad thing now?
Will he pass his medical at United now ?
Oh yea, .. the bubble has definitely burst.
You really wanted me to spell out "Confederate States Navy" in 140 available characters &amp; then tag it? ;)
Right I'm off to do what only the joy &amp; sheer pleasure Tesco shopping can bring.... catch up later \n\n
Un saludo a los qu me han llamado desde las 8 am arruinando el concepto de \"feriado\"...-.- tengo 1 humor lindo lindo gracias a uds
Today I have been to the airport 4 times. I really love the scenery.
Break News : Stephen Keshi will\nassist Louis Van Gaal at old Trafford\nnext season.
Still struggling to get my head round that Pepe thing. so out of the blue. Why would he do that? So out of character.
The new Halo game looked sweet. Oh wait it's COD, nice to see some originality in the franchise
Rock Godz are playing at the bar we're at. I guess all of our dreams have come true during this trip
I've opened at least 20 wordless tweets with just a vine of hart screaming at ball boys. Hope there's more.....
cannot wait to go around London tomorrow with my f-ing massive suitcase
United, City and Tottenham are set to battle it out for Memphis Depay.
. I'm sure glad that you were around to stop entrepreneurship. How dare want to rebroadcast \"free\" tv.
I feel like I'm about to be extremely productive at work...
\"Here Taylor I got you a 2 piece rice bowl from brooks brothers, I love you!\" Cause he'd totally love that.
It's weird that I'm insecure when I have such a kind hearted mother who only points out my good qualities
Being ignored is the best feeling in the world!
. he probably broke the law to do so. But its ok. We are Dems and we NEVER follow laws....
Holy crap! An update to the app? Am I seeing that right? Maybe it won't be a 10 min delay now.
I feel loved!
I feel loved.
Is Neymar playing ? Lol
yes, i'm lying about 100+80%=180 and 106+80%=190.8
Sometimes I wonder how nature and animals survived without humans .
This constant competition is hilarious!
Oh yes, thanks for all the messages. PLEASE, I can't reply to ZERO messages at the same time
Great input by Rio here....
Damn it spurs van gaal is apparently a genius. What were you waiting for
Do you know what the best OCD is? The kind that comes out of nowhere and was triggered by women....
Watching: \"enjoying my Punjabi hotness - Bengali perspective\"!!! they telecast in \"Go to hell\" channel
I wanna go to prison to experience this Shit! For real!
And I'm SO happy I have all this house work :D
No way!!! Carmelo is leaving the ? I did NOT see that coming.
WOW you're so insightful, and your opinion is held in the highest regard ?
Lovely seeing Jara putting in a solid shift yesterday.
If you've never spent the day sucking the water out of carpet in your basement with a rug doctor you're missing out
I'm so happy I'm working on the 4th of July at a nightclub...-___-
Such a great night
I'm home alone and my parents are out
Hey . Thanks for the 9 PM election results in Ontarable. Was also two seats in Alberta? )
whoa, the enthusiasm level is off the charts
Please, tell me more about how perfect your ex is. My ego loves it!
I love , and not having . If I had the option I'd play nothing but &amp; eat ice cream all day er'day
Fabulous customer service from Asda Tottenham Hale this evening \"Hopefully someone will be out soon to help you\"
:0 i was someones WCW on ig never happen to me before...
Ahhh there's nothing better than watching fireworks on Instagram ...
Banned for 4 months? Wow fifa u really know how to punish people
When you like someone but they do everything to avoid you or texting you! Best feeling ever....
Ugh grocery shopping...need a personal shopper
And bombings aren't violent either. Despite the people who died in them.
I'm working with one of my co-workers and she came in looking fly and smelling good... this morning couldn't get any worse...lol
I'm so glad we're getting Bourjos more ABs while hot hitting Jay sits.
Way to be classy Portugal.
Flight delay from 1605 to 1745. Everything is awesome! Yeayy!
and wouldn't you know it? The one day I don't watch &amp; somebody scores a whole bunch of points.\n\n
I only had 1\/4 the milk I needed for my cereal this morning. Now I know what the starving children in Africa feel like.
You said you'd never leave my side, you said you'd always be there. Where are you? Ignoring me.Thanks for always being there
These eye bags of mine are very attractive. lol
Woah woah woah now, the World Cup starts tomorrow? Why didn't someone tell me? BBC I expect you keep me informed of these things
Okay everybody. I went searching and found out about the Tony Gwynn 5.5 thing. Thanks a LOT for helping me out earlier with that!
Brilliant decision to bring Ramires
All MB has to do to win a 25th Cup is listen to twitter GMs and coaches. His experience in the Hawks org is clearly overrated.
You know what's missing? Vuvuzelas!
The Western Black rhino was declared extinct w\/in the last yr. that hunting&amp;conservation program's working great
Mmi Live is doing a hell of a job.
When do they hand out awards to the refs for their superb work in the finals?
I definitely didn't get wet when I went on break
Came home to cat pee in the garage
Good outing Frieri!!
Yay. Get to play cleaning lady for an hour or two. Thanks so much for thinking of me.
oh ok it's cool to open my snap chat, yet not answer me for almost 24 hours... cool
Charge your ipad all day so you can play games, while I get ten minutes to bring my ipod from flat to full.
Yes, It's completely our fault the screw fell out of your glasses. Yes, We should pay to fix them.
You'd think Mr Wof would know by now that my comment "I'll sort everything, you stay on the sofa" really means the exact opposite
I'm going to exercise now that I'M TOTALLY MENTALLY PSYCHED FOR IT! woo-hoo!
Luv having to take a cab home from NJ
Your sooo funny
So besides the intelligent we also want those that serve the military and the ones that work in the fields
Let's watch car crashes during driving class! Yay
Well that was weird, I got an email from in Russian. Does this mean I win something? :-)
Goodness knows the O's can't use him. RT : Kevin Gausman will start for AAA Norfolk on Sunday.
Sweet. 1\/8 through my todo list for the day.
Real amazing customer service, indeed.
How dare someone \"under\" you disagree with you, or correct you! Shame on them.
Bullpen comes through again
So I've been here for 15 minutes. And nobody has helped me. So that's cool.
Yea hockey! Woo!!!
Not doing anything today? Me neither. Doing something today? Well, thanks for not inviting me. Couldn't invite me? Excuses excuses.
Ight ima take me and my long ass 6 hours of sleep im going to get and go to sleep
The best part of Harper &amp; Rowen's new entrance music is that is sounds just like everyone else's!!
I kid you not In an article that was ALL , /went on to criticize for veering into . LOL.
I can't believe this, guys, Suarez would never cheat or play dirty!
Good job bullpen you blew a 6-2lead
Must love having a women bus driver at this time of morning
It's all about personality.. yeah I feel you
Mondays are simply the best
Just gonna go to bed. I loved being ignored so much.
Oh good, has changed their website again. That's fantastic. I love figuring it out again every couple months.
Live a happy and full life...
Good, play mine and my ex's song. I wanna hear it.
Wow, advertisers try to manipulate us to buy crap we don't need. I am shocked and appalled.
Being in work the day after Aims is awesome
Not shocking Lebron went back to Cleveland. Just happy ESPN didn't cover it
If Daniel Snyder and Washington football won't stand up for entitled white guys to marginalize minorities, who will?
Glad Carey is commentating, balanced unbiased opinion is what they need
If I wanted to type "ducking" or "have" I would. Thanks autocorrect!
Oh boy, this is a joyful night!
Seeing double is so great
getting sick is my favorite pastime...how could it not be?
Well this has been a fun interesting week and yes
Ah yes French my second language... never got above a C+ in my old French days
An Abercrombie &amp; Fitch model liked my selfie on Instagram, so that means I'm the next top model right?
I love listening to you guys argue for two hours.
Having a great laugh tidying my room!
The week before show week and I'm unbelievably ill. Thanks body, love you too girl.
Amazing how nobody questioned the quality of care masses would receive under B4 it was passed?&amp; now scandal
Well damn the July bash was cut short...thank you tropical storm Arthur. .
This team is friggin horrible. And the real is fully back.
There's nothing better than working til 1 in the morning on a day like this! Absolutely love it!
I need a sign that says, \" I'm uninteresting right now so you should ignore me.\" and that's how I entertain myself.
I'm not going to sugar code nothing... I'm salty AF .. Fxck the Spurs lol... But good game lol
Seen as everyone is jumping on the TDF in Otley and Burley I expect to see people on bikes getting fit!
For me, girls with braces are cute.
game of the millennia
Ruining Thanks for being a patriotic.
Guess what guys? Allegiant, the final book in the Divergent series, is being made into a two-part movie! GO FIGURE!!
leaving the gas station I heard a lady say \"I gotta go.. I got puppies coming out\" I wanted to ask why she slept with a dog!! Lol
Im just going to sit in my room and watch movies Zach Efron is in
Ffs where are the two strikers?
gawd my aunt is such a treat and or joy to be around because of her effing pleasant personality
Me and the bae, bae this, bae that. Can't talk... hanging w/ the bae!
.wait, I thought eBay's only problem was marketing and that they ditched it?
My tastes like ! That was money well spent!
OMG IM FROM LA AND THEY WON?! LOVE MY CITY.
The best part of doing all the work is when your coworker announces she's going home early...so yea...thanks for working with me.
Can't wait for to write her next segment on soccer, especially after the Germany beat down.
I'll be on vacation for a week soon How will that affect my channel? I get 10-12 views on a regular basis these days!
JUSUF NURKIC!! BEST PLAYER IN THE DRAFT!!
Can't wait to do a show and a gig today with these crazy allergies.
In our country.
.Our is paid with social money. Let's disband it.
Locked my keys in my car, officially the best day ever
Really everyone, it's really kind of you to send me lives on candy crush and other notifications
I bet he calls you bae and everything. Really classy
We need some more major streets blocked off in Bdn. Traffic is not quite bad enough yet.
well this night just keeps getting better &amp; better.
National ACT testing today-super excited to spend my Saturday morning with high school kids.
Today is going to be a fun filled day!
Sometimes what I need to say doesn't fit into 140 characters. I think they call it e-mail then?
Cause a date with myself is always pretty cool.
So glad I power sleep for 2 hrs then can't sleep the rest of the night.
maybe if I dont actually open the I comin text, I can pretend like its not there.... ha
Another day, another war in the name of religion. Humans must make proud indeed!
The Americas want to stay British!
Great. Extra time.
Well I feel fantastic
Well that's mature...
Today is the best day of my life.
Still awake cause my summer is so amazing
Oh this is just my favorite day of the entire year....
Major problems today, only just got connection to my services back. So glad we opted to upgrade to their firber optic
Missed the footie soooo much over the last two nights
This is the best 4th of July ever!
Happy Father's Day you prick, thanks for being there for me
Children are such a joy. I wish I had a dozen.
It's not like I need anything in there to do breakfast or whatever
I don't have cable
Thanks for that .-.
If was a skill on I'd have so many
Been looking for the this Honduras v Ecuador all week
That security was surely on point
Well that was a great start to the day
I just love it when people don't text or snap me back, it's my most favorite thing in the world.
will be better option than Cook, considering last 11-12 test.
That'll teach him!
well it's just as I feared, no internet, I'm using another connection....thanks Congress for renewing my benefits!
Family day is always so nice. Especially when we can all get along for over 15 minutes each time.
Money can't buy you seat but it can buy you whole fucking college :/
First day of work at the new Best Buy. Totally not nervous...nope
I just unit-tested a high-risk class ... that I'm told is detritus. In fact, the whole PACKAGE is never used. Gee! Thanks!
I'm going to really miss exams and all the stress,tears,sore hands and anxiety they gave me.
Fantastic weather. .
I L O V E when plans fall through
US loses but advances. and I couldn't be more thrilled.
Got bit by an ant. Twice. My lucky day
Embiid's enthusiasm is thru the roof... Control yourself dude!!
Aww arme brazilie , wat jammer nou
What great service I got from mxm
Cracked phone screen just in time for the holiday weekend....
Got called off my pool shift, so instead I'll clean my room and get ahead in my summer school class. It's going to be great.
It's funny world.
Fml I fell this morning getting out of bed and dropped my shake when I got to class. Well today started out good
Used to be close w/ my mom but since I've turned 18 shes just fucken ridiculous .
If Hitler had one redeeming quality, it was his lovely speaking voice.
Todo es tan hermoso... no, deverdad.. TAN HERMOSO
Further investigation no Danny D in the lineup..women and children take cover.
Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Libya still in turmoil. Hurray for Arab Spring.
I seriously love being invited places. Everyone don't invite me all at once!!!
You sure act like you care
Top 5 Tomorrow! I know all five of my followers are on pins and needles.
Didn't you know you aren't really cool on twitter until you troll people and turn your account into nothing but bashing others?
There's nothing more I love then being called into work just to wait for it to get busy...
Great timing! First day of vacation &amp; first day of summer cold! Yay!
Today I'm wearing a funny cool tshirt bought at Valmart 2 weeks ago when I was touring Florida..everyone is loving it :)
ok at this point..dah 5 org tegur im getting thin and skinyy....how to be fat ?oopss :)
I love the rain, it brigs out the best in drivers
Glad I can count on you
Good to see that is handling the free agency with some reserve and fact based journalism.
I feel sorry for fans that live in places like Korea bc they never get noticed
Really though! Thanks for not apologising and being an absolute wanker!
What? They would never.... \/\/ RT : Basically, cable companies are exploiting consumers in every conceivable way.
Yes, let's keep on making more Batman titles, DC. I need more that I never pick up.
hearing once buffett completes the $KO purchase he will be moving on to $FSLR
And tourist season has begun...
YEAH! Mojo Rawley!
Oh darn. looks like all my Tax and Government Information got dumped into a pool. Guess I just have to say sorry?
Shocker that Snow couldn't pull off a trade for the first pick
My can sometimes be so intellectual that it makes me seem stupid. I assure you, just more
watching the 1975 Americas Game, totally was not that good
Thanks a lot, I appreciate your help.
I'm so lucky lol
Well at least I don't have to work tomorrow... Oh yeah... I have no job.
Hmmmm, a twenty five page Tyrion chapter. Do I want to read on or stop reading?\n
One shot rally tennis
...before today only 5 ab in 5 days, bench called a bunt for him w\/a bsr at 3rd? a: confidence building.
The Patty Mills jersey I just ordered is gonna go hard
Charging port on my phone decided to stop working. Good thing I love going to the apple store. Thanks !
You got religious tattoos but don't even own a bible.... because that seems logical.
Second night of storms? How fun. I just can't wait to hear my mom bitch about every little fucking thing.
omg Devin has a little girl!! who knew?!!
At midnight tonight I will start listing off and shaming people who have not yet congratulated me on my birthday.
I obviously got my dermal piercings so creepy old men can ask me about the shiny things on my chest duhhhh
finally broke and got a twitter stay tuned for updates from the interesting and exciting life of Nick Schiller
was not violent enough tonight. I miss when it was more action packed
Fuck you insomnia...eat a dick!
Forget women's rights or voters rights, the most important thing is that we protect the civil rights of corporations.
School ... That'll Cheer me up!
When an episode's thumbnail image is Maggie sitting on a couch with Daniel, you know it's going to be riveting.
Another awesome early present. How lucky can one guy be?
I'm really glad that the first semi-final game was so close.
or y'know, you could just ignore me, thats cool
Good thing we have Descalso backing up Carpenter.
Shout out for bailing on his fans at . That's what true artist do.
Buenisimo el partido de Iran - Nigeria...
But, no worries, American Privileged Male! The SCOTUS wrote a nice "narrow" ruling to protect your healthcare needs!
let's make a groupschat and talk about other people bc that's so cool omg
Pretty sure I asked first but ya know you're a great best friend
I can't wait to read all the "Prodigal Son " articles tomorrow.
It's amazing having a car to drive around in &amp; a house all to myself all day.
Yeah Indiana let's keep wasting time on gay marriage, it is so important to worry about who someone else Loves
aurons nous droit a une autre enigme comme child of light ???
\"We are different from our competitors\" - Standard pickup line of every marketer.
Now why are u being so inhumane
This day has been so awesome!
Oh Great.....off instead of Rooney!
Eres pura adrenalina wow!
I really love this inexplicably loud ringing in my ears
I guess school never finished if I didn't tweet about it!!!
Yea, soccer is boring
It's raining and I'm about to spend all day at Rainbow Day Camp with 17 four year olds... Yay
Heard one member of the one direction crew went and bought the football club Doncaster Rovers??....that team must be so proud!
I think can vouch and say this has been a great day.
What did he say, narrator? Please tell me. I'm dying to know.
Duda, Nieuwenhuis, Tejada has to be the most feared middles of the lineup ever!!
48 hours w/o Woodward signing anybody. I'm losing faith in him.
Forgot how delightful an experience travelling in standard class was.
That awkward moment when you're forced to wait in a single-file line amongst 5,000+ others to get into a venue
Poor old Murray
WHOA we changed our lineup?! Who could've ever thought of that??
I have the best bonfires:)
yes, because you have this incredible gift of mind reading
Another month babe
This apple training thing is so much fun.
That won't be awkward at all.... .... .... .....
|| It's like, Laurie isn't part of TWD Family :\/ Wow really thanks AMC. Seriously thanks .
Oh, so the low off the coast is a tropical depression now. Excellent.
The bro bond have the biggest voice in the fandom. So fair
Great example of staying classy Chile. Always have to find a reason to riot I guess.
So glad I'm being bombarded by spam asking if I want to continue to receive more spam!
Life decisions that make you feel amazing about your self
Thanks for telling me you don't care about me. How considerate are you?
So the parents divorce really helps with the severe issues I have.
Nothing says boston like "California girls "
How dare "fake soccer fans" try to enjoy the game the rest of us love? Douchebags.
Welbeck starts, great.
Dear friend. You have helped me get through a lot tough times and helped me overcome idiots in my way. Thank you .
Now at the beautiful Miami airport with the greatest TSA members
Didn't you hear? Famous for nothing is the new aspiration
Forgot how cool people sound when they broadcast they are getting drunk today. Woah now. Keep those coolness levels contained
Awesome night last night.
Love when effort isn't reciprocated
I'm so excited for this act..
Gausman 5 1/3 shutout innings and seven strikeouts? Send him back to Norfolk!!!!!
This club is so packed I can hardly move!
People with no logic &gt;
I'll be glad when gets back to the states, everything will change
Maths exams are my fav Let's get this over with.
19 words out of 500. This is going great. !
Summer is great so far
Hooray for 16 hour workdays on 4 hours of sleep! .. but seriously I love my job, a day off would be nice though
I just feel soooo important.
She's looking so old lyk she 32yr of age buh got a small body
Yes, planning a 2 hour work meeting on night is totally awesome.
Thanks for that extreme boost in confidence, BIO final...
Being so angry that you can't go back to sleep is some good stuff
About 40% of what I say is , if only twitter could convey my tone...
I sure do love being allergic to wasps. Not!
Nicole seems SO convinced of Derricks story rn...
Sent my parents a &amp; my dad says he hopes my face looks better tomorrow when I get out.
Hooray. My car learned a new sound. .
\"Yeah I hate atheists.\"\n\nWe're crushed...\n\n
Good thing you hashtag EVERY single tweet. Cause no hockey fan would have any idea you're talking about the game!?!
Got a flu :) on the day before Ramadhan. Isn't that perfect!
Will Marcelo break the deadlock for Mexico please?
Just love being second best.
My luck just keeps getting better
You know you're REALLY not friends when you're deleted from social media.
I may not be an English expert, but the spelling and grammar around here are outstanding...
I have some many friends, can't choose who to hang with
yay for insane boredom
I've won a Harley and a subway sandwich in a 10 second span on snap chat. I'm big time rolling today
Yaaaay! Today is Monday.
I did it again didn't i? I wore that face that says I care. I really gotta stop doing that.
My favorite types of meetings are those that are used to plan more meetings.
Phil Neville's voice is as interesting as Wayne Rooney on a football pitch!
Pagan shaming during a wedding ceremony. :-/
The really brought it tonight. \nTheir lack of effort makes me want to match it an not finish typing th
I live for the days when my mom bitches at me for who I fell in love with...
Can't wait to see obnoxious snapchat stories of fireworks tonight
Religious debates are always fun
clearly its extra innings....US will get it back!!
Come sempre Balotelli ha fatto la differenza :)
Ya don't worry Anthopolous, it's not like re-signing Rajai would have been a good idea
/THIS/ IS PLOT
Tommorow i'm alone at home and I have to cook... that's great I just love cooking.
And I've left my house like 3 times. Man, I'm so cool.
Just coming back from a large house fire. Oh but we don't have fires anymore!!
I feel loved today don't I ...
Well... that was a good call by Matheny to put Bourjos and Robinson in the line up today instead of Adams and Jay.
This week is going to be torture, work, babysitting, class in marshall, and packing
Murschell first thing in the morning yaaaaaaay!
Melo opted out, what a surprise
Wow. I tweeted way too much during that barrage of goals by Mexico. Sorry.
Well have been awesome in 3rd periods, so this game is pretty much over
Careful Roger you almost paid someone a compliment then....
Hardee's 4 Lyfe
The best part of being on twitter this late is knowing everyone's horoscope.
That was great news!
Sounds like an entertaining game at Richmond Oval...\n\n
Day one is still young and my summer of frugal spending is off to a rousing success
I have a tendency to make guys hate me
Mira vos che, que interesante
No me sigas porque te detesto, eh
Going to play some MW2 on xbox
Last tweet =
And now we're not gonna talk for a few days..cool.
People bitching about 'glass cannon' classes makes me laugh. I mean, it's not like they're squishy or anything.
I can rest easy now that I know where LeBron James is going to play next year. :)
Seven in the morning and my family are already shouting the place down. Seven in the morning. This is practically normal. Wheyyy
That's a shocker
LOVE IT WHEN EVERYONES IN A GOOD MOOD :)))))
The way shane greene is buzz sawing through this amazing indians offense makes me look forward to facing Tanaka
So lucky that I dont care anymore.
You work out three times a week, you must be the strongest person ever
Phone time.... woo..
Oh and Lucas is having a blast
I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.
Good to know would answer a phone call in case of emergencies....because he doesn't answer when I normally call.
yay delayed flight, no window seat, crying baby, layover and sick... what a fucking day! Not even over woohoo
It's a good thing I work at 9am
Looks like we are going to have 'The Decision: Part 2' from LeBron. Woohoo
Well done Johnson..........
Thats just great you go hang with your friends without me betch.
I &lt;3 route one traffic so very much
Told my 11 yo not to believe anything she read in grocery ckout line. She says "so it's NOT true is sexy?"
Brazil are coming back lads!!!!
What a great foundation.
Awesome. Just what I needed.
Well today's off to a great start.... Not
I was on TV once. When do I get my Hollywood star?
Realizing that my body is sore because the bar we were using on Tuesday was 55lbs &amp; not 45lbs...thanks Coach Sara for the guidance
Running gr8 thus far, lost 50% of stack w/ sets, quartering nut lows,
son las mejores
I just love being alone , I favor it soo much
I though for sure Pow Pow was gonna win that one....
Hey looks like you are going to get prime time coverage again...yeah for America.
I'm way more decolonial because I reject term Aboriginal. Not like my sell-out cousins who work trades jobs to support their kids.
7-0 goal celebration -- classy sport soccer is
Because of Obama's policies, the economy is booming. If your employer doesn't cover your bc, go work somewhere else.
Can't believe I'm missing Music in the Park in good ole Siren, WI to go to
Forever a USA fan but always cheering for mexico or honduras when usa plays vs them!!
Love how Mr.Cook taught us about cloning in plants....
Selfish people are awesome ..especially when they are selfish with their kid and what is important to their kid
Photo ID on EBT cards..great idea, Paul Ryan LePage
Surely the Belgium manager is foolish to leave fellaini on the bench? Best player at the World Cup!
Driving my dad around hungover before work awesome way to start the day
Take Howard out. He's garbage.
Hosmer with a balanced compact swing. Hits a homer. What a surprise.
Come on everyone join in, and attack one person...
seems legit 1/2
Geology cancelled today. What a shame. &amp; evryone else of course
Herb did an excellent job of spotting the cage grab right there.
-Private Biz allowed Private Beliefs, yet shouldn't be Exempt from fed ins mandates.Who are they,McDonalds or something
Its not awkward at all when a person that legitimately hates you is at your house!!
Why would any player want to play for the ? They don't wear funny alternate jerseys.
So happy to have all this free time for my crafts.
Oh boy! It's another New York State regents day!!! Woo hoo!
Have to change my email password at work. Any good suggestions?
Wow, I never would have guessed that Jericho would win that match
I just love when you tell someone not to do something yet they do it anyway
I love it when my nails get so long that I manage to actually scratch myself.
'Sometimes, relationship doesn't end well to make it unforgettable.' ??
Guys must totally love it when we rant to them about other girls
Rain delay @ Wimbledon! This never happens!
Been working in sunny Dockside today and will be here 2moro!
I really enjoy the welcome back weather Akron. I was getting pretty sick of sunshine
I mean if I heard growling I would totally go into a locked room b/c I have a key right?
C'mon , as Olivia Neutron Bomb once said: "Let's Get Political"
.When will Tony Blair apologise for this?
people know what they do.often.
The shit that goes on in my life ain't the the shit that goes on in most peoples lives! Soo lucky
Jimmie Johnson wins at Michigan. Nice to see an underdog do well for a change.
Wow, Cool kid.
Every girls ideal Friday; washing &amp; detailing their car
Nothing beats chilling in a hotel room by yourself
&amp; I got to present both of them tomorrow YAYYYY
Great way to start the day \r
I love how you hit on me and have a gf. You are such a loyal, classy guy.
Silly bimbo is for the smart girls
etHe deserves this, He never gets title shots. so good for him
We have 5 managers. Maybe we should call someone else in. Can't handle the madness.
Uruguay? Handball? Never!
well. today was productive..
I'm so excited to deal with cranky people today!
Enjoyed my 4 days off, can't wait to work the next 11 days
can't wait to spend tonight until Wednesday morning with my aunt and uncle
Please keep recycling the Tim Howard tweets they are really funny
Fix violence with violence, yep because that works
Tanaka going for an MRI. That's just wonderful
Pennsylvania is one the most corrupt states in the nation? Wow who would have seen that coming.
Night shift tomorrow and the wife has told me that she is taking me to the new Morrisons in town!Not sure how I am gonna sleep!
I'm ready for the fun tomorrow
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to ur life. is extremely healthy for the mind.BE LIKE ME.
Stephen drew. So clutch. Just like his brother.
Nothing makes me feel special like getting an automated DM asking me to like someone's facebook page. Makes me feel warm inside. \n
I love , it's almost as good as
Ooh I love a good traffic jam
Cock avi.. no bio and nothing but dick pics.. I'm sure he's full of conversation
I love liars...
I like the because of its exemplary officiating.
Lowkey getting fat
Who cares about , , or ? is going to !
Todo lindo como le habla :)
HAPPY MOONDAY!! WHO IS READY FOR SOME BB DEREK AND TO BE EMOTIONALLY SCARRED?? :D
Im pretty good actually
For addict, why don't you name your future daughters "Selfia?" It kinda has an exotic ring on it.
everyone is supporting ... but BRA is suppose to support you :/
Tanaka on the DL.. New pitcher gives up 3 runs in the first inning.. oh yeah, we're in good shape
Think I might try out that sunscreen product people keep telling me about.
Cause watching you do your exam isn't distracting at all!
But when she says it, it worth a million bucks.
Sometimes I pick my dog up and we stare into the mirror together and have a moment .... Or maybe that's her wtf human face?
And yasssssss I get to do this again tomorrow!
Waiting for supporters to start fulminating at dusrupting .
We don't have to house the immigrant orphans. What bad could happen if we leave them to roam the streets with no skills?
Will never fly flight maint delayed 5 hours! Thanks for the $7 meal voucher that's worth not seeing my son tonight
I just love when major companies speed Pittsburgh without he \"h\"
.::GASP:: G-d forbid! An Israeli settlement??!?! We should be giving Hamas more Land if we want peace!
guys.. Khabibulin is a UFA also. Along with Richards and Boyle! TIME FOR A REUNION!!!
Love will make you look stupid over and over again and not even give 2 fuuuu, guess that's what happens when you love someone huh?
Heb je vakantie moet je nog naar zo'n kut sportdag! Echt ziek veel zin om Afrikaans te dansen!!!
Eating pasta w/ vodka sauce and bread for lunch because I probably wont eat the exact thing tonight @ work
has the most hilarious dinner scenes
Love being invited to hangout with my "friends" lmao
Mark Lawrenson really is the greatest co-commentator around
If I could be any super hero I'd be aqua man
I love the girls who simply lose the identity and just become what their boyfriends want them to be.
Looking forward to running the heat later in preparation for Gary Speed 10k running which is coming up soon!
I've been up for 13.5 hours... Ha ha ha love summer and all the sleep I get
Great! The pretzel buns are back at Wendy's. didn't care for them. Too hard to chew
4th of July woo.
Big thanks to the City of Smithville for throwing away the trash cans the Kiwanis Club provided without letting us know.
Sex education in schools should be banned - health minister Harsh Vardan &amp; he is apparently a doctor!!!
Paddle boarding 4 lyfe.
To fit in, I'm gonna do a whole 8ball in preparation for this Colombia v Greece match.
It's cute how you pervert the constitution like you do
Nice to see the girls are growing up just like their mom.
Lol ! The giant company fired because of what he did. The money they will save has nothing to do with it ;)
Glad I spent $50 on a bathing suit that shows my nips.
Thank nonexsistant god that I had no plans today.
Hey no biggje. just has to draw w/ .
Sources confirm. RT Just a heads up. We're hearing LeBron is going back to Cleveland.
i dont see any yifan's updates, where is he? jk
Nice to see the Western Conference get better, while the stay quiet.
So glad that , &amp; find my adolescent insights into GTA so fulfilling.....
I just wanna go home play PS3 all weekend and drink wine. But I suppose working early tomorrow morning will have to do.
Anyone want to play a round of golf, maybe shoot some hoops?
Oh yes just a great day
K don't reply, not like I was looking forward to your response or anything..
It's been great hanging out with ALLLLL of my friends these past two days.
quindi quest'anno al griffoni ci sta anche lea michele. maddai, mica me lo sarei aspettata
SO happy to be back on crutches for a few days!!!
I guess I'm gonna start usin this.... funnn.
Auditors are great aren't they?
Gosh I hope the GOP survives!
You don't know weird like I do tonight, thank you for the greatest end of an era ever /lies
I wonder how much the Spanish FA(or whoever paid it) gave Diego Costa to switch nationalities?
Van Gaal looking around aimlessly during half time of extra time - bodes well for next season
Thank god I learned so much in science or else id be screwed
\"Why do I have so few followers?\"\n\n\"Keep tweeting about Satanism and heroin. You'll be sure to get more followers.\" \n\n
I love when a table order a round of waters and only one person take three sips
Can I just be Donna?
I bet only trucks can get through yorkton
Trust me, I heard you, I'm asking you "What?" Just to give you an opportunity to change what you said...
When someone tells you they have no idea how they're going to study for the test you know that's a good sign
laugh and search with them
He asked me how I was doing JUST PERFECT!
WHAAAAT A GAME!! THAT WAS MY FAV GAME OF ALL YET.
Yay, it's a flight delay! My flight experience with American Airlines the past three days has just been great.
Oh, totally didn't see that coming..
Finding delight in making fun og people :v
My teacher is so smart she misspelled words in her e-mail AND wouldn't raise my mark. How wonderful is Anne everybody!?!
Why can blokes not also get support when buying shoes? Women don't know how lucky they are! \n\n
This weekend is off to a great start
The one time I need someone to talk to cause I'm upset... Thanks so much for being there
Heh.. It's a dude, Bolin. Woah, brother big surprise . And of course he's trying to eat a whole arctic hen.
We got somebody from the bobcats ! ( Hornets ) YESSSS!
Well that's a lovely looking sky...
I'm so excited about this game.
First day on Twitter and I already feel soooo loved.
Did you know that a great way to get over things is getting blackout drunk by yourself??
Wow, Jenny McCarthy. Prison rape is HILARIOUS
Favourite thing: crying during church but being ignored.
Nothing like have a low budget car with a rookie driver, blow right by you. This set up is a gem, hope the keep it for the next RC.
So CBC is showing Just for Laughs Gags between games. Good choice.
Went to a gun show today...was shocked at how little I was shot at
I can't wait till October, so I can start hearing Christmas carols!! :)
Talking to some attractive 25 year old who has a kid. What's the worst that could happen? .
Starting work tomorrow. This is going to be a great summer.
I can't believe they'd boo Alcantara. I mean, he's only a rookie. Classless, Reds fans.
im glade I have great friends
Wouldn't surprise me if Robben got top assists in the World Cup his passing is immense
almost swallowing a bug today at practice was awesome
If only the airlines knew ahead of time how many people were flying at a given time airport security could schedule accordingly.
nice scrappy golazo!!! living up to the hype what a wonder team!!!
My hair is perfect like this
Clearly the problem with IRS being forced to explain lost emails lies with the bush appointed judge. Obvious bias.
A lovely day of housework
I wonder if it's rainin?
So pumped for this ACT tomorrow
Campbell Newman involved? Who'd have thought?
BJ Upton struck out on 3 pitches less than a minute after the Braves posted he was up to bat. What patience from a good hitter.
Accounting final tomorrow..... Then second six week classes start.
Good Morning? \": Its now am goin to bed no be say I go club!!...sleep thank u for coming now o! \"
I love how all of these people are so anxious to hang out with me, true friends.
i blocked one person
2 minutes late wow I'm so dissapointed
Great...thanks , now corporate America has the right to decide for individual workers...brilliant!
I would like to thank and the for ruling over the occupants of a woman's uterus. You rock.
C'est cool un vent de 43 tweets de la part de ton idole, \nc'est vrai que j'adore me prendre des vents ...
so a guy on ask fm rated me a 6 twice in a matter of seconds. does this mean im a 12? yeah(:
Brett Favre endorsing Thad Cochran in a Chamber ad is probably an ploy to keep Favre in the news.
Mourinho will get his treble of trophyless
You just make me feel so important.
Perfect end to the perfect day
Someone post a photo of fingernails with one painted a different color.
This morning Scolari's wife poked him &amp; said: \"wake up it's 8!\" he jumped up &amp; shouted, \"WHAT!!??THEY SCORED AGAIN?\"
About an hour until this Biochemistry test rapes me in the butt!
at its .
Also on that note, my avi is a joke because I am southern...
So glad I opened at work and now I have to close tonight
Ndra jangan RT : tenang tahun depan uda bisa koq ...\"
Its ok the boxing came back on at the start of the 12th round so I managed to get the last 3mins! Thanks.
Totes about to drink 3 redbulls on my break.
Bradley with the turnover! Shocker!
Oh yay!!! One whole Off out of 12. :/
doesn't he just look SO happy to be there with her?! Like he is sooo in love with her??!
Dennis Quaid with an English accent. ..natural fit there producers of DragonHeart......
Oh my god. People are using illegal fireworks on the 4th of July. Everyone call 911 now.
Really? How could have you possibly figured that out?
backing up\/archiving files, FUN!!
I don't mind being up still at 4 cause I got so much sleep last night. And the night before that. Etc.
So excited for linear algebra to learn more about eigenvalues and eigenvectors!!
Good job you never disappoint the
Almost like the flyers won the cup guys.
Mi madrastra y su familia me caen cabron
I love when all my friends make plans without me
You say that like a bad thing!
Do we have a new head coach then?
well these next few days will be fun with no phone
So should I vote for , who's raison d'etre is to be the Yin to Rob Ford's Yang? That's inspiring...
This summer has gone so well.
Unemployed. Homeless. Childhood dog is dying.
finishing all the party stuff tonight and baking all day tomorrow... yay!
Hobby Lobby wins in an Alito decision
I knw bt these jokes ain't that cool hehe! \": bro. Checkout its true Kenya has neither conceded a goal nor ...
GAME OF THRONES TIME NOW KBYE
Salt water nightcap. Aw yiss.
That was so cool. -_-
Wes: Do they crop dogs' tails purely for aesthetic purposes?
Sounds too familiar...
Tahniah spain, chile cuba lagi.
Don't you just love it when your bus is over 20 minutes late
On the good side Klose broke Brazil's Ronaldo all time World Cup goal scoring record
I seriously thought Fred would get himself to the net before scoring a goal.
Officially weigh less than before my surgery. Clearly this is the wedding crash diet I was waiting for ....
Thanks for including me girls.
It's so funny
Why yes I did want to spend the first day of working on a pool that at the end of the day still won't be swimmable.
Wearing A Skirt Time Yay
Great to see B.J. in there again tonight...\n
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door...\n\n
Good morning beautiful world
Fernando always stealing my phone for selfies..... Thanks.
Don't you love when your favourite TV\/MOVIE characters die?
I feel amazing right now
Wonder if there's any premiership players still going around? I'm sure BT and Richo will know
In case y'all didn't know
That awesome moment when there's no milk in the fridge for cereal
I work with some of the biggest winners of our society
Shopping, and having the time of my life.
You're so cynical, ! Garth Brooks was only going to play 2 dates. They sold out so he put on more cos he's kind.
Staying up at a firework stand all night is totally fun.
Glad I was able to talk to you before bed for the second night in a row.
No way that Argentinian player is not concussed. Good work by their trainers too, a 2 and a half minute evaluation-real thorough
Love shooting 66 and still being 4 back
I have to babysit a bunch of jr high kids and today. Greaaaat
Power seems to be out through a large chunk of 460, which is making the drivers very generous, patient and wary.
Who the fuck turned on to annoy me?! Oh, darn, a special news report just interrupted.
Just waiting for noon so I can go to the mall, and buy some weights and ankle socks.
People want you to do their job, and walk away with a smile (&amp; not talk about due money), that make them feel successful,it seems.
do not mess with the !!! : is (twitter) dead! / what did you do to him??
Clearly all ball there by Cahill
Nothin better than working a 7 hour shift on the 4th of July!
\"Junkie hooker unphased by death of junkie client.\" Why is this news? Oh, right. He was rich. That's TOTALLY different.
I swear Mario Chalmers got game \n
Best night of my life (insert emoji here) let's do it again sometime
Such a great night ...
Boy, that puts my mind at ease......
It wouldn't be a normal month without some type of exam. The month of July will feature USMLE Step 2 CK...
Hooray for extra responsibility, extra stress, and still barely over minimum wage.
LOOM BAND? Wow lahat ng tao pinagkakaguluhan sila ah, sino vocalist? San next gig nila? Magaling ba sila na band????
US Soccer is getting so good that a loss to Germany will anger fans.
I have no feelings or emotions left, just running through my veins.
Don't you love it when you are in Texas and you see a tarantula crawling about 10 feet away? Cuse i sure do
Aww only 5 mins plus added time for Brazil to score 8 goals!
RT : What's awesome about kids being out of school on summer vacation is that they're on the trains.
Why does everything I say jokingly come across as serious? I'm not that mean.
I'm sorry I didn't hard enough. I will try harder next time.
Anyone else shocked that Garth Snow couldn't sign nor even trade Dan Boyle's rights?
Wanna know where to go to find the nicest people on earth?? Walmart!!
I forgot just how much I just loove getting up early
BREAKING: US asks NATO to prepare Operation Freedom Fries in Belgium. After they obviously need some more freedom.
this ride about to be stupid long
Love getting back to this..
: CR7, the team are playing not using their head. Lead them.. by get the ball to urself and score!!!
I don't think this match could get any more exciting
And the day just keeps getting better
Lets post a picture of fireworks. Im sure people would like to see it --if you can't tell it's
I love when people see a police car or ambulance and slam on their brakes in the middle of the road! It's my favorite!
Obviously he was afraid of the competition.
Oh.. I'm sorry.. Did it make you mad when I told you the truth?.. My bad.
I looooove "no choice,e "
I apologise for anyone walking in my room bc I have given up on pj's, way too hot. Wow I'm so attractive
Yay free baseball.
Oh you never cease to make me laugh at your "jokes"
Annual summer grad file audit. Cannot contain my excitement
Getting a fever... That's just great
\nIs not polygamy also portrayed as an acceptable form of marriage in scripture?
And back to babysitting... My favorite thing to do.
My lemonade is made with real lemons. ?
2go ": Your favourite Social Network? "
School shooting gunman was a cult member, weird.
Maybe they aren't out if it yet.......Fred is playing....
Vegas again? Woohoo....
deleting me is Asian level impossible btw.\n
Aww! ^_^ Thank you for leaving me in the dirt! :)
Just love seeing my ex's siblings at baseball games
Hahaha Dee Gordon's impersonation of Joba Chamberlain
Sweet holding hands and singing. U looked real comfortable doing it . . Kidding who? Us? NOT!
I'm in a great position now. Under the microscope, in the dark, surrounded by condescending, frowny faces
I think it's so cute when people thank you for following them.
Wow can't wait to wear my one piece swim suit in Nashville
I LOOOVE it when u open shit and DONT answer!
wow Bless you for finding that info all *on your own*
I see promoted tweets have made it to the web version of twitter.
I love it when the A\/C breaks.
Gotta love days like today.
I don't think lifty gave me enough chicken for the night
Excited for today.
I love mixed signals....
Aigo..first.. SMEnt used HoMin to promote EXO..then now..they r using JYJ.. great idea.. *clap clap*
Work like a dog and you'll end being a dog!
Hmmmm. I guess I'm important after all. !
Actual windiest day ever. Glad I did my hair &amp; wore a flowy dress
Great. Their's another 'A' Shocker! Did not see that one coming... :O\n
Anybody say the way Eder came onto the field for Portugal? He looks ready to play
Can we trade the Central Division for the Atlantic?
Love these early mornin workouts.
Nothing makes me happier than being lied to I'm not stupid
I love that 1D only tweets when they want us to buy something or they are promoting themselves or other people.
I forgot about her stellar track record in the dependability department
Coors Light has made a summer brew! My life is complete.
Wauw.... Really really good set my darling
Yep is going to go far in the house.
Gotta imagine Lebron has is trending.
It's funny how people are so excited when you're pregnant, then have nothing to do with your child after they're born
I looovvveeee being ignored..
Thanks for posting a selfie everyday, we are all very concerned about how much your face has changed over night.
You can't know they didn't, can you?
What a great way to start off the day...
Are you sure you want to eat that YES. I AM. I'M HUNGRY, AND I WOULD LIKE TO FINISH MY MEAL
\"Hottentott\" is actually considered a derogatory term. What a shock that the Dutch coined it. \n
A White man begging a Black Woman to come home. This was well worth the 500 year wait. Well. Goooooooo Robin Thicke. *cores apple*
Great time for a crappy cable feed!
I am just so tired of Obama supporters blaming Iraq War on Bush.
Oh, you're going to play 10 shitty techno/electronica songs in a row? That's super. By all means, don't die in a fire.
Welp, the Heat started of hot but the Spurs cooled that ass of quick. Real smart starting Ray Allen
I'm on morning cash for 5 days straight. I love working 6 am shifts
I think my mom just called me a man... Apparently only men drive with their hand out the window. What next? Only men stand to pee?
Omg, You dated for 3 months. You must really be in love, Here let me plan the wedding. .
Today is the only of the year.
Fishing with the little bro, my excitement is through the roof right now! I even have my rubber boots!
Exum is too humble. Guaranteed bust.
Yes mom, I would love to be reminded of the guy I like that doesn't know I exist. And I would love to text him for you. iyiyi
So i stay inactive &amp; miss a zayn follow yet again!!
on my part but no doubt 38.73% of Red Sox fans are thinking that right now.
Last night was fun..
Apparently shootings are common on Bourbon Street.. this puts me at ease for my trip there in 4months.
Some people have twitter accounts to just tweet their instagram pictures! How cool is that!
Why bother with eye makeup, when you have to make you look Lovely...
Long story, but I became a hero to a tour group of kids from Paraguay. They chanted and everything.
Hahaha that was great
Bye Bye Ville, you will be missed
Shouldn't Wilson have been shown blue flag by now?
I love being alone on holidays... Smh
I love it when the A/C breaks.
Applying for jobs like it's my job. Pay could be a bit better...
los futbolistas en una entrevista siempre tan elocuentes.
There's nothin cooler than a 4cyl chevy with 20' rims!
1 pt with MRSA and another that filled the ambulance with poo
I love being ignored, it's my favorite...
.They have proof of irreducible complexity? Can't wait to see their shiny new Nobel Prize!
Allowed a whole 4g of carbs and 3.5g of fats for the rest of the day.... loving life right now
5 hrs of data entry. Yep. My day was fun
i don't use Apple product so i can't preorder BO$$ by Fifth Harmony. Life's good.
Avoid contact with eyes....im glad i read that. much?
Maybe the internet would be a better place if there was a typeface.
Tour at 4:00 for Leggett &amp; Platt . Fun\n
An inmate stabbed to death at an Indiana prison ... so glad Justin works at a prison ..
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.\n
Usually a mom and her gay son is the strongest bond ever. Not for this gayboy.
Pastor Maldonado is under investigation for causing a collision
Watching a special on the American Patriot \"Ramses III\" on the American Heroes Channel.
So my best friends have ditched me. Feels great.
I can tell these next couple of hours are going to be soooo exciting...
Don't worry race fans, It'll blow outta here soon.
Don't talk about yourself. We'll do it, after you leave
Ronaldo showing why he won Balon D'Or
So good of to provide a full refund, incl. service charges.
U kno life is exciting when ur watchin YouTube videos of \"how to install a window\" @ 1am. Home Depot outing tomoro w kiddos!!
Not possible. Only a certain small % like Potter. RT : Harry Potter and trending in the US.
Estoy super emocionada de que me vayan a sacar los cordales :D :(
im not bv like really.
Source: Lebron James will decline all NBA offers and accept the vacant head coach position at Pike Liberal Arts.
SO buzzing to start clearing tomorrow.
LOL Great defensive backcourt if Thompson gets traded for Martin. Curry\/Martin = Best Defensive Backcourt.
Cheers to the currently homeless Brazilians who made the World Cup in Brazil possible.
Me it takes 7 bullets to kill someone. Host it takes 3 bullets to kill someone. WTF good game infinity ward
why do draft reporters ask such dumb questions? \"How influential was your single mom in your life?\" \"Oh not very. Can't stand her.\"
Hey on that real note though, props to the heat for buying their team instead of building it..
Now my songs on the radio and you see my face everywhere you go, I thought I'd call just to let you know ive been thinkin of you.
Hope Solo arrested for domestic violence.. never saw that coming...
Guys, making proper boob physics for the right amount of jiggle is a LOT of work
It's because some skills are feminine (cooking, writing, art) but when men do them they do it better
Gonna miss USA v Ghana tonight. Gotta love work.
Screw Lebron I just want Mo Williams back
Love being sick in the summer
And on top of all this stupid crap. I have boy issues. Life is just on my side tonight isn't it.
I'm such a white girl all I eat and drink is chipotle and Starbucks
Plenty of outrage over Zuniga's tackle on Neymar. He should expect a heavy heavy ban
Another chance for a removal exam. So happy. Hooray. So much motivation flowing in my veina right now. Coulnd't get any happier.
Heading onto the grounds of a gorgeous country club for a video shoot with . Sometimes work is so hard.
According to Benji I'm racist because I like the Cleveland Indians. Lol.
Liverpool players well and truly fucked up today. That Gerrard Suarez combo for the second goal was magnificent.
Lebron can start tweeting again YAAAAAAY
\"leaving boys begin cause its illegal just to kill\" also the sociopolitical implications of M.I.A's career but that's dumb
Couldn't see that coming
Who would look in a basement in Detroit?
Why is our closer coming into game in the 6th?
About to work ANOTHER wedding today...
I think these car meets get better and better each time
Heuheuheu RT : Di tiviwan, lebih bayar milyaran bisa langsung direstitusi tanpa perlu pemeriksaan.
such a fun day with at ! we did some \"BAD\" things
Geoff Ogilvy just dropped all kinds of F-bombs on Channel. Can't wait for all those Tiger-esque columns about bad decorum.
Let's go down to the tennis court, and talk it up like yeah. Lorde, your lyrics are just too powerful
Tanner scheppers strikes again. There goes the close game. Thanks.
Traffic and thunder storms....awesome
Because I just want to be like oh you know!! It's wonderful, it's all peachy!
So happy that like 1 of 46 that I graduated with talk to me still.
Father's day tomorrow a perfect end to a perfect week for both me and mum, hers is dead and mine disowned me before birth
Yes everyone, I would like to confirm the speculation. USA is in fact turning 2014 today!!! WOO USA!!
Bender from the breakfast club is my spirit animal
So looking forward to this
M1 southbound is slow this morning Really?!?! Thanks for the update!
Ghana vs Germany B next. Nice to see Klinsmann bringing his family to the game.
Of course Obama will act without congress about immigration. Who needs congress or the constitution? Clearly, Obama should be king.
Yes Boch having Blanco in the One Spot worked before. So let's do it again.
Thanks United for slow playing the flight cancelation out of Houston for 5 hours. Glad I got to drive in &amp; see the sun rise in OKC.
I'm sick, well that's just great
Golly! Talk about an amazing work week\/week in general.
Nie la sebab aku Single! Hahaha RT ": Sorry, i don't date guys from UiTM because bumiputera and cheap fees."
There's a Beer Festival in Toronto today, but I'm fasting, and I can't go to Taraweeh if I'm drunk.
Time is the greatest wealth to an entrepreneur if it wasn't for social media...we would never waste it.
Whoaa did u guys see that in forza....the doors flew up...thats greaaat.....
in real life i don't get opportunity to add for morons if am being .
I am Bill Simmons biggest fan!
Why don't Repubs investigate/expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
Well great way to start off my morning.... Thanks
Of course for seriously Don't wanna offend him...but Even the creative must have felt
It's totally not obvious when you look at me laughing as your chirping.
Not sure if I'm more excited about the NBA draft or the world cup
Love my job , get to visit so many nice places ....
(Tomorrow, the Slavs).
Ps. Really hoping last tweet didn't need the I think it might be missing... ;-)
Sweeping a floor is hard work. Who knew?
I love not being able to sleep
I must say I have to smartest best friend ever
I love how Keeping up With the Kardashians is so real
WOW LOISA! just wow!
June is Abandon Ship month
.aw, so cute that you're trying to get hip to hashtags!
Please, yell at me more about how I'm unappreciative for not wanting to do something. I'll change my personality just for you!
I can feel the Chive love right now. \n\n
oh no it's fine i love arguments / discussions at 3am, it's what i stay awake for
my friends are awesome..
So, it turns out the only reason we looked good against Italy was cuz they're shiz. Still, we almost lasted a week.
to all the out there that take care of their kids (the white ones.)
Bestnye puasa tahun ni tak payah naik tangga sampai tingkat 16. Huhu
So happy I put money on my prediction of Djokovic and Germany to win Wimbledon and World Cup!
According to my mom it's better to run around naked than to get more piercings. ?
SURPRISE signs with the but yes this is true!
It's only Monday, and I'm already drained from bullshit Lol I just love it
sooo excited to be at work for another 16hrs today.
If you could turn the volume up louder that would be great thanks...
Me: Son, NO DUNKING ok!
I wonder what my sperm donor doing lol
That went well. il probably delete these later, theyre just out of context, nt well thought.. shadow time.. il write better nxt tme
A BiG .... ~
Being 36 weeks pregnant in this heat is so much fun!\n \n
No, ...no I've completely lost the plot of this film. Congratulations director, the narrative was so thrilling I nearly fell asleep
Well this summer has just been fantastic so far..
Love leg day so much :-)
Gotta imagine hash is trending.
Your snapchat of underage drinking was SO cool.
if a guy only wants your breast, legs and thighs.. send him to KFC!
Currently enjoying some great hotel wifi
I think Blake Shelton is playing in Dallas tonight..... Not sure though.
If you didn't put a picture of you and your dad up today, you basically just don't love him
Lukaku's first touch creates a goal, but he's still not good enough for Mourinho and Chelsea
Its so funny how you lie to people so much.
How backwards a nation is this? Imagine! They ACTUALLY expect women to pay for their own contraceptives?!?!
Well aren't you classy?
wow can't wait for the 3 year old british vs american fans fight that'll be happening/continuing tomorrow...
Price sure can't manage
Can't wait for throwing your back out vines for to become a thing
NO. REALLY? ": Topp Dogg Reveals TOPDOG MV"
The Constitution clearly differs between the rights of closely held corporations and other corporations.
So glad I can count on you..
4 PIM's and a hatty. I do it all, baby.
And there goes my week long good mood....
Shout out to everyone for answering my texts!
How nice of God to single handedly placed Jocasta in the house.
I ain't even mad.
That's my mom, y'all. Shell cuss you out for doing something she doesn't believe in even if it doesn't affect her :') I'm so lucky
Big mistake. Rangers need .
That was such a boring bounce pass by Bosh. He should be wearing white
Being taken care of is a new feeling but I like it
Esa efusividad de Jualian Casablancas cada vez que interpreta un tema...
I don't want to brag, but I got 2 whole hours of sleep last night. It's like I'm a new person...
Dear Hydro, thanks for the warning on loss of power... again! Not like I have anything important to do.
Anyway I hope the detractors of Italy are happy, at least they, because we supporters, we are not at all
If playing Dirk Kuyt at RB is tactical superiority then Messi at CB is clearly complete and utter genius.
First day of the new job. Wouldn't want to be doing anything else.
So those fucking socialists put a brand new road at the end of my drive way...waste of tax dollars...
I'm stunned that Buffalo is buying out the contract they gave Ville Leino. STUNNED!
Man watching the twilight zone, eating delicious soft foods, doped up on pills, and laying in bed is just is torture.
I won't have internet until the 29th. LOVE data restrictions.
Looks like 's pitch played well again yesterday ?!?!
It aint like minorities are, like. growing in population size and education or anything...
Netflix will be getting rid of all the ROCKY movies to make room for classic Jersey Girl.
is interpreted as yet another manner to normalize oppression. - Nawal Ouanani
I watched soccer on tv, feel like a champ.
It's so funny, cuz all of the youtubers decide to do special things and talk when I'm asleep. It's HILARIOUS
Quest'anno la Spagna sta facendo faville proprio ahhahah
Way to be clutch there J-Up.
Oh boy, a rematch!
Don't you love when you talk to someone everyday... And then all of the sudden you just stop for no reason? Yeah me too.
I wish, somehow, my husband's employer wouldn't benefit from contributing matching funds to his retirement program.
Tomorrow's supposed to be hotter than today. Please flood my feed with pics of your cars thermometer.
Driving to work this morning and I feel something drip on me. I look down to see my hand covered in blood...
I try to be nice &amp; that doesn't even work. I love impossible\/difficult human beings.
Oh good, the firework show on June 13th! Thanks neighbors!!
The Spurs are so boring with their fundamental basketball and scoring almost 70 in a half...
Well im off to work 4 1\/2 hrs early so i can talk to HR &amp; be allowed to goto the bathroom without being reprimanded
I hope Daniel and Eve have passionate sex. Eve becomes pregnant and in nine months we have more lovely Jonases in the world.
Finally downloaded Vine, I'm such an early adopter.
oh great. politics and soccer. perfect.
Another shift to get a little but more money.
So yup i forgot my charger at home...cool
If you can't speak anything nice, we should probably be .
Would I rather be at staxtonbury or chilling in Palma in this hot climate hmmmmmm
Do I need a tetanus shot before or after the Charlotte Harbor Freedom Swim?
We have an electrical problem at the Coliseum. None of the lights are working. The game might be delayed.
I'm romanian so my mom decides how long my hair is....
Can't believe a shooting happened during a pre bet awards party in LA
ORLY, you have 6500+ LinkedIn connections and you tell everyone online? Quick, lets connect, you'd be super valuable to me
This train is moving at a glacial pace. Miranda Priestly and I love that.
Great idea: a comedy contest where the comics don't know the order until their name is called. Because they're not stressed enough.
Using works computer to use twitter. Why the hell not. :) I love going on a break 1 hour into my 9 hour shift...
Can't wait to share a hotel room with for a whole month.... ?
Wow it must be so stressful working 2 days a week.
All together now, let's take LeBron's World Cup tweet and use it to analyze what he'll do this offseason.
I win. RT : We should start a . Because....you know....Twitter isn't creepy enough.
What a great start to the fucking morning.
Maybe if you were nice people would actually like you. Best compliment I've gotten all day.
In less than a second, thank you for RUINING MY MORNING.
The quality of ESPN's radio color commentary on is unparalleled (): \"Don't make this World Cup final an embarrassment.\"
What a great bed.
Coughing to the point of almost puking is always fun.
NG tubes tonight... fun times.
I think the Democrat party should be banned cuz it offends me
Im so jipper right now
If being burned calories, I'd look like half an Olsen twin.
Welcome to the south where we blow shit up for fun.
Getting 2 hours of sleep over a 75 hour time period is a brilliant idea
Los \"austriacos\" le cortaron el juego a \"Juan Persi\" y a \"Rubben\", que forros. \n\nJAJAJAJAJAJA
need managerial help; where is Alan Pardew or Joe Kinear when you need them?
Yeah go ahead and speak to me everyday and then block me at the end of the semester so I can't embarrass you! You sure showed me!
People out there,
If I wer Brazilian I wouldn't b 2 worries about losing ..........they still have Fred!!!!!
everyone make sure to follow this account
I love my boyfriend that doesn't talk to me. It's like dating a rock
45 minutes on hold with and still counting. Excellent customer service.
Welcome to where the customer is always WRONG u screwed my move thanks
My dad said "tomorrow night it will just be me, you &amp; Kim" Yay. Hooray.
The Western Black rhino was declared extinct w/in the last yr. that hunting&amp;conservation program's working great
Yes, obviously, when I write my name, Phillip, I'm talking about Phillip Phillips.
Being in this world is really not gud..
Let me retweet and post porn on social media so I can show all my followers that I'm not a virgin and that I'm not gay!
Can't believe cancelled an show like for a show like Brooklyn Taxi
Off to leave sub plans &amp; then to doctors!
, , .
AGREED ! IT'S A JOKE 4 THE LEFT !!
Thanks for getting rid of bold font .
Being ignored is my number one goal in life
Today it took me nearly two hours to get home from work. Cheers Stagecoach for your sterling service, clearly appreciated .
I'm incredibly impressed with the number of people on social media with the expertise to decide landmark legislation
Bout to get turnt tonight
10 hour shifts are fun.
Oh is football on? How exciting.
if you didn't realise
If I get 50 followers today I will post a selfie.
Great. Seriously. So freaking great.
The rain yesterday did wonders to my hair.
Fucking Phil Neville. Calm down son
I'm just not a game of thrones fan.
I think we should adopt the Australian method! They score more and defend better than Spain! \n
How creative. \": Soulja Boy made an animated series about himself called, Soulja Boy: The Animated Series.
I love how there is no one to talk to at night.. Its so great
Great job by my Network Admin Implemented a network nanny and blocked all VS extensions
Is yaya toure playing ?
Nice to see some things don't change with setting up XMPP.
Thank goodness for Obamacare; All these American players seem to be hurting somewhere.
Great we needed more rain
I just discovered a huge tear in the pool liner. That's just great. I'm sure it won't cost anything at all to fix.
Well, don't do they look like a happy couple?
I love her just like how I love cats.
Hey Alpal, glad you are accompanying us to the beach like tradition.....
Love third wheeling.
It's so fun being an editor when copy editors are inconsistent in how they handle issues. lol
Bound for Glory in Japan? Yeah that'll work out perfectly
Work is so fun, I just cannnnnnt wait to go back tommorow.
Things awesome about the Gaming Industry: 1- Day one DLCs.
WLD be covered
Ya know, I love how at some point, everyone ever got tough as shit these past few years with "you fuck with me ill fuckin ruin you"
This KC traffic this morn is driving me insane...good thing I'll be in SD and LA traffic this weekend.
Tuesday, already?! The week is just flying by!
I know that shouldn't be a hard decision to make, but I like to keep things complicated for no reason.
Great night for Heat fans..
Say it ain't so..... A Fable being announced at
We'll always have Exmilitary... and a dick pick for an album cover
Brainstorming w\/a friend about a line of greeting cards for inmates. i.e. \"Happy Sentencing Day!\" What's your suggestion?
Trying to take a good photo that included elvis was possibly the hardest thing I've ever had to do
I wanna see how full the stadium will actually be.
Few people are so stupid that they don't understand ,n forcefully wants to jump into an argument.
Yay, glad that long holiday weekend is over and Monday is finally here! said no one...
I love how you ignore me
Nadal playing some great grass court tennis here, always in at the net
I feel loved
Vending machine in canteen not accepting money. Guy shouts across 'trying switching it off and on!' or
Who is ready for another working week?! Yay! Weekends just fly by don't they..
In 2 &amp; 2...
You might not know because Andrew castle has hardly mentioned it but the Federers have 2 sets of twins.
Mila Kunis might retire from acting....say it isn't so!!! I was looking forward to seeing her as the wicked witch again.
All is not lost for Spain. One word. Fernando.
Liz-look mom there's a cat to the tea package!
Ohh I love it when my phone slips out of my hands over &amp; over again! Woo!
So happy to be back at school after that two week break!
I'm such a lady
The bird man has the most amazing moving screen
So 2 NBA stars who are friends and both in LA at the moment played basketball today. This is monumental !
I love when I can't get Haley's attention to rescue me from weird guys trying to talk to me
So glad I live in a time that white America decides what offends minorities and not them.
Nou. Al met al viel scheikunde heel erg mee!
Literally so happy Benny dropped his phone in a hot tub
minhas palavras podres suas realidades
i love seeing supporters blame Senderos for djourou's mistakes
And a loner
Train wifi so awesome.
Save water by showering together.. oooo so sexy
Time to with Fox 9! and I are extra this a-m!
oh! more rain. Who would've thunk it? Thanks to all who are working to keep us dry &amp; safe!
I don't think has shown this Chevy Cruze commercial enough tonight
Why doesn't Hobby Lobby go ahead and set a sex and reproduction schedule for its employees? Family planning for all!
\": \"Ninety percent of history is guesswork; the rest is bigotry.\" Will Durant.\" WHAT ABOUT THE 1% WIll?
Well I can now get "adventurous" w/ what food I eat bc I can now eat semi solid food
I just can't get into this scoreless match. I wish it was more exciting...like basketball where scoring is so crucial and exciting.
it's not obvious at all
I wake up at a decent time and have sucha wonderrrrfuuuullllll day!
Who knew visiting a brewery could be such fun
It's gonna be awesome hearing these fireworks for the next couple months
I will never understand why some parents buy their teenagers brand new cars. Because that's smart....
Throwing me under the bus because you messed up your own schedule is the exact definition of YOU being a team player. !
Suarez really needs to learn how to catch a baseball properly.
I love this internet. It's like it knows that no one really wants to watch a whole TV episode or movie all the way through.
Glad a lot if people asked me to hang out today!!!
wants to undo the separation between church (I wonder which church ) &amp; state
At least the ref is consistent...
2hour orientation for this wonderful Monday morning!
why are they worried about the "bomb squad" being revealed... i thought devin brought everyone in it...
I have been sitting in Chicago for however many hours now. Thank you, Amtrak
such a good night I could cry
I hope red puffy eyes go with my outfit tomorrow
Spezza wants out of Ottawa.. Didn't see that coming..
Grazie per aver messo Maura nelle still della 5x02 -.-
What a productive day
Remember when winning ONE championship was an accomplishment? Yeah, I don't either.
Wow. 4:27am already. We've been up for twenty minutes. Where is the day going?!
I just love how work started 30 minutes ago and the person I'm supposed to be working with isn't here
I LOVE GOING TO SCHOOL :3
Job this morning, merging 300 files, printing it all 3 times and folding it into A4. Love this intern
How exciting Prince Charles and his posse are in South Wales. The great duchess will be in Cardiff! Thanks for gracing us
And Game of thrones is over too... it's been fun putting a whole year of spoilers together
Had a great day at Pride andddd. Now I'm home. Perfect. Love it here.
Joel Campbell to Arsenal done deal
Being a coward is so attractive.
Totally could do cabaret at RCS.
Really gutted for Australia.... If they had of won they would of won so graciously too...
Eating an overpriced sandwich at Montreal airport because Air Canada is great like that
Isn't it just funny how some things work out.
Results come at me bro. I'm totally ready for ye
How tha hell my kids accumulated more clothes than me?? I feel some type of way bout this shit!!
EA Megaton: "All these games are exclusive for Wii U!"
I should sweat more when my blood sugar goes low
Oh, and thanks Garry Trudeau for the chance to field the question "what's porn?" from my Sunday-comic-reading 8-year-old daughter!
Because nothing says like a right on schedule.\n\n
Seriously?! People who make no sense at all. This is going to be such a fun day.
Your updates were successful...... Great and only took over 2 hours
Not long now until it's panic, knee jerk, meltdown time from 'certain' worrying about who we'll buy. Can't wait!
Wow I am SO glad LR has someone weedeating or something right outside of my window this morning.
You know what's fun? Revising the final chapters of a manuscript while 3 guys are ripping down walls in your house.
My day is off to a wonderful start
I love when coaches tell girls their plan and the whole field can hear it.
Lol my last tweet is
It's funny how you think I'm mad at you all the time.
me:you don't say
is ,We fall inLove for someone who doesn't feel the same.
Kane is just the first of many CEO's from the construction sector rushing to to testify so they can achieve real change. \n
No I haven't done anything for you... , but what have you done for me?
Well I guess you gotta love constant rain 2 days in a row
I want to know what Drew Rosenhaus thinks about Johnny Manziel being drafted by the globetrotters.
I didn't realize this movie was a sing-a-long.
Gonna start running again today. If nobody hears from me later today, please send an ambulance to the gym.
&amp; i woke up to such a great text -.-
Rail Fares now make inrails for the Airlines, offo, IRCTC will open another webpage, "bookmyflight"
Thanks for cancelling the 8:32am this morning, for apparently absolutely no reason!!
Good call not putting in Suarez, Uraguay. I'm sure you'll do much better against the Brits and Italians...
Let's top off this amazing night with me not being able to sleep
Bowlers are dirty uncles...
An allergy to wine it is.
What an awesome feeling
That was fun.
So glad we traded out our above ground pool for an outdoor room. Because apparently we didn't have enough indoor rooms.
At ready to head home :-)
Such a shame there's no Argentinian F1 driver at the moment. German GP would be electric with the footy/f1 crossover.
Man Luis and I had the best 4th of July ever, definitely one for the books
That Iran vs Nigeria game coming up tho! Yeah?! Get pumped! Probably going to be the greatest match of the tournament!!
Engineer, accountant, apa2 pon boleh xde hal..
Love being up this late with a final tomorrow
12 hour days are actually pretty enjoyable
I have an early morning flight and I can't fall asleep. This is awesome.
Hey Lebron you're so totally awesome, I wanna be just like you when I grow up!
At least i dont have a fuck ton of homework
PC IS THE MASTERRACE-
Oh, the joy of knees. Can't wait to get my new knee brace!
Damn I forgot to watch Big SMO tonight... Hahah
ACT today....ya for 4 hour tests...............
Don't lose any sleep over this. Easier said than done.
SAAS and dissertation or binge watch SATC/Adventure Time/American Horror Story? Hmm, I wonder which one I'll choose.
If Lebron doesn't hold an ESPN special regarding his free agency 'decision 2014' I for one will be disappointed.
When ppl on TV say "Tweet at me!" I always think, "So you want me to tweet 'Tweet, Tweet @/tvperson'"
Philippe , another masterstroke of a signing by Paul Lambert. will be going down with signings as bad as that
Now there's the customer service I'm used to: gate agent makes eye contact, turns around and closes boarding door.
Disappointed in Dukes era..1.44 is terrible.
What Estrada could do is throw pitches to hitters at the home run derby. He be real good.
So all I have to do now is claim "religious objection"? I'm going to get out of doing a ton of stuff!
I love to wake up at 4 and then argue!!(:
So.. We are sending military advisors in to help our Iraqi troops that are being supplemented by Syria &amp; Iran? That makes sense.
Nice to see the offense stay hot
thanks for all the help..\n\nsincerely urs \n\n
Can't wait to start my new job that I didn't technically ever apply for tomorrow...
Working an 11 hour shift is always a boatload of fun!!
\/\/I just love how some people treat others on here
Wow, that's not annoying.
The Dow just passed the 17,000 mark for the first time ever. Man, that Obama is really destroying the economy.
there hasn't been enough camera shots of women in this match
Happy to see that drive sharing is broken on now.
I always end up lying in bed overthinking things and putting myself into a bad mood. Woo.
i love how you say your going text me then you dont.
23 HR, 80 RBI, .275/.368/.877 2011 season in Lehigh Valley the Phillies released Brandon Moss.
Those were jorts &amp; Cena has the jorts market cornered? RT : @(me) It bothers me. Why is he ripping off Billy Kidman?!?
To make my day any better...just spilt a glass of water on my phone &amp; glass shattered all over my foot. This is just a great day.
Ugh well todays practice was great..had to play with 8th graders..yaaayy
{That. is. brilliant. }
Oversized khakis, button ups, and sperries are still cool in your mid 20's.
I love it when they mess up our flight and it's not actually until tomorrow
after 2 + weeks I have internet back on my phone, So would just like to thank EE for taking so long should not have left O2
Thanks alot for banning all fireworks in illinois, Springfield.
Great goal did learn you how to do that
Lets rephrase that. It wasn't a leg shot. More like a hip shot. Poor deer................
Lineman are part of an elite brotherhood. Dont say youre a lineman unless you really mean it.\n\n
So happy it's rainy and dreary on Monday
My day was just perfect.
That lack of sleep head fog.....yeah I feel awesome
Wow Heat really tried
Well this is exactly what I wanted to wake up to.
There's no place I'd rather be then at work the day before the 4th, on the 4th, and the day after the 4th....
Bring on my holiday and then I'm right back looking for a new job. Just have to wait 2 months. Joy!
Ang dali ng Physics quiz hahahaha
California raised it's minimum wage to $10. It's nice to see how much your government cares about you.
I am not a master of .
Not looking for something to do right now.
I'm so thankful for the people giving out, because it helps me pay for my prom and grad stuff lol!
I love a bit of random sitting around for ages with no instruction on where to go and what to do.
i'm the luckiest girl in the entire world. wow.
I get to spend my day at the dentist and doctor
Yes. I get to fast for blood work.
sadly I couldn't find one that said "you're an asshole thabks for being there "
I didn't use I was being
Ad bring Jo on, he's a goal scorer
Yay I work tomorrow too
Slide into your head like...
Would you believe it?!...
More games for children please .
Now I have to wake up in 7 hours
How I love it when one of my neighbours has a smoky fire on a sunny Sunday afternoon
Thanks Italy! Well done (I guess) Costa Rica
I feel obligated to say I'm tweeting this from 3500 feet (isn't that why airplanes offer wifi?) Bummed I can't stream Netflix tho.
.on radio: "I ran out of talent."
So nice to see 12 year olds lighting a cigarette right by a playground :))))
Well the way ITV ended that was very emotional we will win it in Russia
Admiro la manera en que finges ser el mas maduro.
nang troll unta sila nako: \"uy brit! makabugo biya nang muuli dayon\"\nme: \"ay maayo nuon para makasulay pud ko mabugo panagsa :P\"
\": Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga. *slow clap* \" LOL!!! Ingat po!!
Good one . Cancel the 17:42 train from Milngavie with no announcement. Another shining example of great customer service
Message intended to the person on my left.. XD
It's great that whenever my body changes in weight someone feels the need to voice their opinion on my appearance.
Pharrell is pumping out some deep shit on Chatty Man
My last day is going so well...
Dont you just love when you text someone and they don't reply but they favorite your tweets. ... cause I know I do!
great to see women's access to contraception singled out for legal disapproval over other medical procedures
Basically, Tumblr is pretty much censoring everybody. Wow, I TOTALLY don't want to leave Tumblr!
Sorry I'm gay I didn't think it benefit you
I love drinking shit, throwing up and not remembering it. So fun. -Shannon
Why would we need A-10s anymore now that we have the amazing F35s?
-- You are winning at life if you stumble into my work with your paramour reeking of booze at 10.30AM
Didn't Instagram LED headlamps during dark rain cloud created twilight, I feel so inadequate now
Oh man did you see that new SportsCenter set??!!?!??!?? That's why there are no new attractions at DHS AND AVATAR IS DELAYED
I see promoted tweets have made it to the web version of twitter.\n...Yay.
Oh joy, my birthday is soon...
9 hours in work on no sleep, fabby
Oh how I look forward to canadians who know nothing about tennis say that Bouchard choked in that 1st set.
Downside to Hobby Lobby win--no deep "Going Out of Business" sales. I was totally planning to score on that with all our travel.
Ohhhh the company of my father is always a joy.
Auto correct is fantastic.
Hey, is Miggy in the lineup tonight? lol
It takes chicken to keep your kids still
Sleepless nights... So fun...
Just love this feeling...
Working is so much fun I can't imagine doing something else
Android L, coming later this year to every 3 year old Android phone out there.
I love when people give my husband a different answer than they gave me.
Looking for another Glen Johnson masterclass tonight
Thank u Jaitely Saheb for giving me Rs.500 extra by raising tax limit.
Overpopulation? See no evil, hear no evil. Sexually-transmitted diseases? Don't do it at all! That's realistic!
My two countries are out of the World Cup so thats cool!!
It's amazing how many good coaches there would be if only fans and parents had the time or would decide to take on the job!
Of course I take things seriously. I wouldn't want life to shower me shit and say \"Oops. LOL\"
Wow I love spending my 4th of July in two different clubs.
Love how apps crash on my phone 90% of the time
Nice to know the one single person who is meant to put you first doesn't
Omgosh! Everytime I open the notify.. There's Harry styles name and its said Followed you! you just give me a heart attack.. Thanks
The biggest turn on is being ignored
OH, &amp; . =) lol
Happy Birthday to the one and only
Girls gossiping loudly behind me while I watch house of cards on the couch is exactly what I wanted tonight. Damn I'm a lucky man.
he's just 180cm tall wow so tiny why did they put him in the goal were they drunk
People too often mistake my for realism.
2014 is half over and \n-i lost no weight \n-didn't learn anything \n-haven't said bye fo ever to any1 \n-still ugly\"\n
Wow. So many people are awake rn
Oh how I have missed 's driving
Let's be honest;
I'm not sure,but I think it's raining.....
Ugh, so many world cup posts on facebook .__.''
Happy Sperm Donor Day to all the fathers out there who didn't stick around!
I wish these Royals players would understand that all we ask is perfection. Is that so hard?
You know what? I wish game developers would make female characters more sensual. These days, you can hardly tell they're women!
New electric sockets and lights tomorrow.... It's a fun time to be alive!!!!
Thank u to my (former) sh!tty boss 4 pressuring me into working 4 someone last night, causing me to miss the Kings winning the cup.
I can draw tho :3
I feel as though I need to say "" after most things I say so people know I'm not serious
I would like to thank the King's Lynn and Norfolk police for caring about the safety of the general public in small villages
Insert tweet here.
I don't understand! How come jogging around slowly not guarding the box didn't work?
Sweet. 1/8 through my todo list for the day.
I've got 99 followers and he who must not be named ain't one
I don't understand economics. I love Congress. I'm secular. So I'll oppose BJP decision of Rail fair hike
Can't wait to start seeing the bae tweets from you now!
Let's just have a group hug and let evil rob, kill and rape. the world would be such a better place
Work today kicked my ass. Can't wait to go back tomorrow.
When I tell ppl Im an English major &amp; they jk asking me to proofread their work..OMG haha wow so funny never heard that one before
I do so enjoy hearing about the plight of the Bacardi family.
Thia race day weather is on point.
So how are you today? Hungry.
I love douchebags.
Man that Father Daughter Dance was so turnt
So I spent my whole lunch time looking for parking! U gotta love Sandton!
i fucking LOVE being ignored.
Thank god Brazil have a 50m pound defender in their team or this could have been even worse
not creepy at all!
Eerst een kwartier wachten op station wierden en nu midden op het traject wierden nijverdal stilstaan. Gelukkig hebben we airco
Being ignored is great :)
Theres nothing more exciting than the late rounds of a sports draft.
Boy, this is going to be a fun week.
Eddie misses me and that's why he's trying to pick a fight with me.. aww how cute.
I dont know about you guys but I think the lady gaga summerfest crowd is dressing a little too bland and conservative.....
What a FK by the legendary Portugal player. Has been taking lessons from Messi?
Let's make it a free for all!!!
Batman fan wearing Superman clothes carrying a Spider-Man costume. No, I don't like comic books. What gave you that idea?
Had the best day of my life. Thanks friends.
\"Are you sure you want to eat that\" YES. I AM. I'M HUNGRY, AND I WOULD LIKE TO FINISH MY MEAL
Who is this \"LeBron James\" guy blowing up my feed? Who would willingly go to Cleveland for anything?!
Orange is the new red...
Running a fever on my favorite holiday is always fun...
can any one tell me the real meaning of BRB ?
I wish the announcer would say \"USA is looking 2nd best\" one more time.
I should ask Voldy where he had his nails done. They look fabulous.
Lol thank you Maradona for bringing up the Mourinho-Casillas dispute again.
Wow. We. Are. So. Busy.
Not missing much RT ": RT : The US reporters are in a stadium basement in Manaus. No TV
Good job Brazil, good job.
I'm living the life you guys.
An angry sea of yellow tonight. I am sure the Bayern players have never seen that before.
Would you like a bag? "No actually, I just thought I'd carry this massive basket full of shopping to the car one item at a time!"
Helen finds girls 'sly &amp; bitches' well, good job your none of the above eh
This is really the greatest feeling .
Favorite part of my night was seeing Jordan vanstry
If it's one thing I love more than life, it's stimulating, conversation.
Oh what a great way to end this terrible week.
At its best ;) ": Lmao! ;)"
": Positively surprised by performance tonight."
Nice to see mobile phone numbers aren't private anymore.
J. Crew now offers a size 000...and now I guess I have a new goal.
Well my day has been really exciting.
Super excited to work 40 hours this weekend
Ha you're cool subtweeting about your ex and her personal problems
There were so many people at OG tonight
Congrats to the "Yeah! Will!" attention whore in the background of the interview. You're a star now!
Sid. Obscurity. Yes. Who is this Sidney Crosby person? I have no idea! !!!
More cultural think pieces about Lana Del Rey please!
Nice defense by arwind. Ang lakas eh yung tipong ibibigay mo na lang yung bola para lang tigilan ka Smh
My boyfriend is home and I can't even go see him. Thanks mom, you've really topped yourself off with this.
SELL SELL SELL $LVGI no new anything has been released so obviously failure GET OWT NOW $MINE apparently idk anymore
Twitter at 830am is bumpin
Therefore, this one will contain such mood-descriptors! Brilliant idea!\n\n
I'm going to teen camp but I only have 2 church friends :/
Lmao I won't remember my this tomorrow
What a great way to end my night... Nauseated &amp; sad...
Sorry for all my tweets
Me: Yeah the 90% humidity &amp; cockroaches in my house is way better.
I enjoy slightly delayed trains at this hour
Roman Klinger talks and detection in product reviews. That's useful.
Gonna spend the afternoon in the hospital today. Yehey!
Dont worry Leaf fans, we didnt ovr pay for bums n we still got Phanuef!
It's gonna be an awesome day at work
I'm my own ...look at me I'm button cute baby!
Fear Agent is one of my fave comics ever. How much more would i have loved it if happened then? So angry.
Yay! Our first named storm of the 2014 hurricane season!
Wanna hear Christians debate? Just bring up cussing &amp; alcohol. Works every time. Like a charm.
By all means please feel free to blast the sound on your candy crush game while riding the train. We all love it.
Koji walks Hardy, Machado up... no worries.
This game is so BORING, nobody's even SCORED yet. for raising the bar, .
Didn't expect that.
A spider crawled into my ear last night while I was sleeping. I had to go to the doctor this morning and get an ear wash
Think I'm going to do a haul. Buying Hello Kitty is such a chore.
If there are ten cats on a boat and one jumps off, how many cats are left on the boat?
Shout out to scary dreams
2 months and school starts again.
Happy I live with adults.
we've seen these two go at it in Total Divas - yeah because thats the honest reality show on TV
lmaoo RT : Waiting for a maleficent sequel without maleficent.
That was a very short, painless inning. \n\n5 1 I MID 4
I needed that nap for all the stuff I got accomplished today
Oh you blocked me? You know just how to hurt me
\nall the fucking separatist fascist flags have now been replaced by the national flag,....hahahahahahaha soccer unites!\n
Helluva upgrade at pitcher today for the
Man, this 98 degree weather, killing me on the inside sure is great!
Yo please tell Larry to please shut the hell up
This game needs more set pieces.
Oh the cleverness of me
Worked all weekend and now have to cycle to work for a split shift, so happy!!!
I wonder if Janet is long or short $ES
I can't lay in bed and tweet. The sacrifices we make for these kids.
Most exciting game ever!!!!!!
is my life...i guess?
I feel bad for LeBron.
The bae has nine people in his house, I think you could call that a congregation.
Way to go ! Can always count on you. (Just my way of using irony to mock or convey contempt.)
Internet provider took a massive dump. No more Netflix or COD for the night. What will I do?
My girlfriend is an amazing texter..
I love when we have plans and K throws them out the window to drink for his best friend.
Lineman are part of an elite brotherhood. Dont say youre a lineman unless you really mean it.
I Think Jesus Is Black , I aint On No Christian Mess but They say He our Father But Wea He At .. He aint Come Back
I'm so glad nobody knows how to bunt anymore.
I wish someone would invite me to play Candy Crush Saga.
Oh gosh. Rain is pelting down, my kitten is screaming, my pump is going off... It's not like I need sleep or anything -__-
It must be such an achievement having two kids before your 20
The best way to spend my day is to drive to 3 different urgent care clinics and find out they all have 3 hour waits!
I definitely must cease using . It would seem there is a business available to solve all my worldly issues. Wow.
When you are a VBS counsellor and the kids are mostly clingy and hyper and runners. SUPER FUN.
I'm glad my friends will take pics with me
Ik word weer een heerlijk warm ontvangen thuis,
Thank god I had to drive two and a half hours to clearfield by myself at 6:00 this morning.
Talking about yourself.
.Of course. Nothing is more persuasive than tweeting something IN ALL CAPS.
I have a six pax, I protect them with a layer of fat.....
Officially stocked up on tennis skirts....because I play sooo much tennis lol
Jonathan is my name. is my game.
Was there a soccer game on today?
So glad you can take a couple hours away from video games to spend with me..
Avi's\/Dp's where you're covering half your face make aloto sense.\n\n
What a brilliant start
Por que todos los partidos del mundial son en Brasil?
That's what you should expect from senderos and Djourou. Class
oh this is an awesome day.
Can you believe Costa Rica beat Uruguay?\n\n\n
I love working till 2 in the morning on a holiday
Nice to know my friends including me on things I want to do too..
haha honestly, it's Father's Day &amp; your showing me what a pretty great dad you are.
Is there some sort of gaming convention going on right now or something?...
She who loves the buck passed
Perfect start to the week
Dear god I love bus conversations.
Let's all give a round of applause to the boring ass World Cup. Great job guys..
ITS OKAY ENGLAND! Next time its yours!!
I've had too much humus...
Kinda funny how these ppl at college take their time when it comes to someone else's future.
Oh good its raining again in Recife. They really need it. looking for equalizer. -Urrunaga
Two commercials ?! Who do you think you are? Time Warner Cable, ?
Bitches be having kids and let anybody watch they "son" bc he's a boy and he can't be molested ! if ur a slow bitch
fans: is it too late to un-burn your old LeBron James jerseys?
Anyone got an opinion about the football?
I HOPE EVERYONE PASSES BIOLOGY LETS SLAY IT
I have to make 60 box lunches for work tomorrow morning alone.
Outside is so peaceful, I wonder y??
READING CAUSES ISLAMOPHOBIA, BE ILLITERATE, DON'T BE A RACIST!!!
haha thanks for making me famous bawahaha
Oh isn't that just cute..
Strangers coming up to me wanting to talk. Good chance to practice my condescending .
Thank you, Mr. Weatherman, for that sparkling evening forecast.
Shocked to learn that lied to Torontonians about rehab. And I thought he was such a straight shooter.
Great start to the day when the words- "do you want me to become an evil witch mom" come out of your mouth.
I can't wait to start complaining about how hot it is!
Between 6 &amp; 7 am is the golden hour when we call businesses in America to sort our crap out. It's a really fun hour!
De Gea to no.1, calling it!
Got a wedding to go this weekend. Yay.
Hey it was great seeing you at soccer.
Wonderful start to summer...
\"Thanks Dad for changing the channel to golf I totally would rather watch golf than the match between England + Italy\"
Gotta love when it's storming outside. It's just the best.
I wish I could be as cool as that guy who's smoking while riding a motorcycle with absolutely no gear on.
This movie Obvious Child... How exciting. Finally, abortion can be FUNNY!!!
Crying is my favorite.
wow so pumped for this 11 hour shift!
I guess proved me wrong, again. I guess Cena IS what's best for business.
Liars &gt;&gt;&gt; \n
I hope the Tour de France riders are required to abide the rules of the road just like all the other cyclist do in London.
Serving ice cream in torrential downpour is my absolute favorite
It's clear from my first interaction with no. 1 that is a top priority.
WELP. First shift over. Lunch break then going to second shift and got a text to "bring water, its 108 in the shop" OH GOODIE!
As Obama observed Ramadan the rest of America still thinks he's a Good Christian American with our Countries best interest at Heart
So glad I'm being forced to watch the football, otherwise who knows how I would've found out the score?!!
My internet is moving really slow. Outstanding!!!!
Geeze this day keeps gettin better and better
hurry folks! Dr Keith Albow is going to discuss the epidemic known as Man Caves on Fox and Friends. This is must see TV!!!!
This tweet has been brought to you by:
Nothing makes someone feel more valued than interrupting them and talking over them constantly during a \"conversation\".
someone when you can say something in a very tone
I feel so loved.
DAY 655\nAfter nearly 2 yrs of hunting down suspects() We now have a low level clown-Ahmed Abu Khattala on US soil.
Apparently I'm a 22 year old child, who needs to become an adult.... Thanks dad
Loving the heat! And I dont watch basketball!
Who to support Ghana or Iran
Here comes the EA conference... EXCITING~!
Did you know that once a pilot has 1500 hours he\/she is automatically a more qualified and competent pilot than one with less?
Yay, I picked the hottest day ever to take the kids to the Fair tonight hopefully it won't be as bad later
Can't wait for the Little interview. Bout time he had a chance to give essendon's perspective on things.
This could be a real pivotal series between the and
The plays superb defense
Dad: nick you have to be at dance at like midnight
Pretty excited for someone else's life to be ruined by another World Cup shootout
Okay now I'm happy:c
Oh how I love that Sunday night feeling
Dear God, am I asking for too much to just hit the on the $1MM prize on power-ball?
I just love packing
Good job by the refs
Nigeria and Iran, guessing its gonna be a great match to watch
What a fun monday.
Can you find someone to pay for my birth control? I cant afford my cable bill if I have to pay for birth control Thanks
Kyle never talks to me anymore... Its cool though, I mean its not like we were best friends or anything...
Every single commercial so far during the Col-Greece halftime has included a hashtag.
Full afternoon with the family but man needs to focus when we work on his swing. Who cares that he's only 3
I mean headaches are cool.
Will Jay Bruce ever get a hit again?
VAMOS MIZ WN OH!!!
I love when this happens
why be nice when you can be a douche???
I love people who don't know how to use hashtags!
Just played tennis for the first time and I could easily be the next Serena Williams.
Yes football and tennis everywhere an exciting summer ahead.
Rules to life: every time you see your reflection, fix your hair. It definitely looks better and not exactly the same.
What a great way to start this day
The music in this bar needs to be older
Can't believe Sylla didn't get picked for the World Cup
I love how my internet turns to shit when it's raining &amp; storming
. Me too!!
Djokovic giving up the second set? What!? Didn't see this coming
Been watching re-runs of Smallville all day
Damn. That sucks Lebron.
LeBron to the Cavs? Wow did not see that one coming. What a surprise
It's such a beautiful night! Sun shining and no rain!
So all I have done this 4th of July is talk to and watch netflix wow what a great day
there are now some lovely holiday pictures of me on facebook
Justin Verlander off to a great start!
Still love them tho xD &lt;3
Great! Thanks, Ubisoft for this great Cloud which is always working correctly and never delete your Savegames
\"She's gotta lot of personality\" - my mom about Paige
Maybe if I keep scratching my mosquito bites they'll go away....
YO HAS BEEN HACKED! PANIC! ALL CAPS PANIC! STOCKS SHOULD BE PLUNGING RIGHT NOW! RIGHT? HOPE THIS DOESN'T DELAY $YO IPO!
Josh McRoberts to the Heat? I'm sure that will impact LeBron's decision.
My favourite thing to do on a Monday morning is work...
I love liars. Seriously, I so don't find it the least bit pathetic...
Chipped a molar. Which means I get to visit the dentist again!!! :D!
Forgot to post that I went to the and I lost all my NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Saw two guys robbing a tourist
Drinking red wine and watching bad girls club like a classy bitch.
bahaya kereta di kk ni, hampir semua rosak lampu signal.\n- not me
Hurray for being understaffed with a leaky ceiling and a long line.
Paper cut on the tongue is always a great way to start the morning.:-/
These soccer players are tough. They break their legs on every slide tackle and still keep playing like nothing happened!
It was very nice of you to reply because that message was extremely important. Ha.
Are we in summer yet? Idk i'm not sure
Eating lunch late...
I love being given a task to complete, which I am then unable to complete because I don't have the right resources
I love how much you care about me it's fucken great
What's a "subtweet" for Instagram called? A subgram? Whatever they are, they're awesome...
Thanks for texting me back though
Who needs a summer when you can get up at 6?
Mark lawrenson sounds like he wants to be anywhere but in Brazil
I just love when people think everything revolves around them..
Messi has yet another class performance
Just love those "don't forget about me" reminders!
SHOCKER, are already down 2-0 to the Pirates!
She was not turnt at all..... lol
Wow unfollowing me on IG makes me feel so bad about myself.
Thanks for wasting two hours of my life, IE!
I love the reliable service the TTC offers
It gives me great pleasure to know that I graduated from in what is now known as .
I can tell you want to talk to me right now
No really. I love how nothing I do at work is good enough. That's the part about my job I love most.
Jermaine Jones broke nose in collision during game Thursday according to . It's a good think soccer isn't physical game
so THANK YOU !
Got a boot in the head. Thanks a lot referee for saying nothing at all considering the fact that it wasn't a foul at all.
I guess I should get offended about everything bad said about my teams. Be careful tweeters! I'll unfollow immediately
Yeah... got a 2 on my AP HuG exam. That's what I wanted
Another amazing and inspiring pre-game speech from LeBron James
I can't express how much I love cleaning up dog vomit.
suarez to barca...didnt see that coming
The morning is going splendid....awesome
Again you dont question Kings.
Guess Gretchen and Slade of oc housewife fame were behind us in the carpool lane on the fwy this afternoon
Excuse me old man. I didn't realize you didn't want your drink yet. Sorry for bringing it when you ordered it
We need a new corner kick taker because we havent scored yet on one.
brazil is gonna comeback guys cmon we all know it..
So jealous of everyone going to Steel Stacks to watch the game.
Lol.. I just love not texting someone..
Bruno Alves is a World Class defender..
Wow,4th intermission and CBC hasn't interviewed M St Louis yet. What's happening?
lol 18 mins before the b-day. Woo
Everytime you think you burned someone and realize they didn't even get it
Don't worry I'll just keeping sitting at work even tho it's closed...I definitely don't have anything better to do.
.Right. Look how well it did in Detroit after Westerners left the city.
Some people crack me up ha. Ha. Ha!!
Good looks Jete.
All these pictures and videos that you guys are recording of fireworks are so inspirational
I don't want to do this ISU. Yet I've still got three more parts to do and it's due tomorrow... Yay!
it makes me so happy when people side with fucking idiots
Omg it feels so good to take a shower after getting sunburnt
Yes I am vegetarian. But things change when I see a psychic animal with football predictions.
Love being alone...
yeah right~ so tell me more about it?
I wish someone on ESPN would give some analysis and speculation on where Lebron might be going
School tomorrow :) OMG IM SO EXCITED . I MISS MY CLASSMATES
So glad a nonrhythmic, indecisive cricket decided to camp out. Right. Underneath. My. Bedroom. Window.
Thanks for the spoiler alert Bonnie!
yeah I can already tell that I'm going to be in a FANTASTIC mood for the rest of the night...
It's great that a team of clowns plays behind Yu Darvish. Makes things exciting.
Wait have the commentators even MENTIONED Messi yet?
cheers boss, bring me on 6-0 down against with 30mins left!
These 3 day work weeks are killing me!
que lindo cuando me ignora asi por favooooooooooor
Gotta love when people make decisions for you. Thank you for that.
England can cross the ball tho hahaha
Oh snap the heat did a white out!!!??? # changeitup
Wow you're such a badass if you're American but root against them
Tired a'f from getting Turnt Tonight..
Clearly, the was saying this is an accurate representation of all of Brazil and they were mocking them...
Short tempered Enemies
Oh what fun summer sinus infections are!
So excited to start my new job that i woke up at 4 am
I would like to thank Chris Christie for requiring that all New Jersey transit trains be kept at 47 degrees
I LOVE how boys just assume that us girls are on our periods if we are upset and bitchy. \n
LMAO...freelance sports writer Steeler Crash. I am shocked that he hasn't been published by a major paper by now.
Nikmatnya hidup wawasan seluas samudra,gk bimbel tapi homeschooling
wow. aren't i a bright ray of sunshine?
Ryan Kelly, Darius Miles-Odom, Sacre, Morris, Goudelock, Ebanks, Character, Sun Yee. gonna shock some teams next year!
The last two days I've read 130 pages in my textbook and wrote 1450 words and yet, 1600 more to go :(
From a research experiment, being on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. is extremely healthy for the mind.
Great. Just great.
Welp.. Off to start my long ass shift. Yay! God how I love the weekends
Not the greatest head butting I've seen at the world cup! But nice to see some people still using it!
See all the relative fandoms in that tweet? That's talent.
RT : Raptors with another GREAT First Round Pick
Ehrhoff thinks he can win in Pittsburgh ahead of Edmonton? Poor decision making skills. \n\n
did you know that opening sketchy attachments is a bad idea? or that your password shouldn't be "1234"? CUZ MY MIND IS BLOWN!
If you're scared to face your current financial reality...just ignore it and it will get better.
Theres a hair salon called curl up and dye where I live
Just got an invite for my 10-year high school reunion. Can't wait to catch up with Cubanita Williams and Scoop Howell.
Sorry that I'm from the city, and sucks at mowing.
Glad you like talking to me too!
Don't worry, during the break we find out marcel goc is coming back
Would like to thank for the luxurious air conditioned train they have put on from Cheshunt to Cambridge.
That was the best 2 hours we have spent together.
Thank god it's 90 degrees in my bedroom.
WHAT??? Germany 4 up over Brazil nil and only 25 min in. WHAT!!
waiting 3 hours for infrareds when im not even allowed to buy em is the best
\": Iraq fell out of the sky from a stork on January 20, 2009 and it is totally up to Obama to raise it right.\"
Wow what a shot by Ronaldo
And the TV shows are oh-so-entertaining
This week just keeps getting better
\"Ive been poppin vtech since before i was poppin cherries\" -marc king. lol
signed a guy with two broken legs, a 4th liner and a guy who hasn't cracked a roster consistently.
Wow. The best conversations are 53 seconds to a dad you havent talked to in 3 weeks.
Well will be bricking it wont they !!?? v
There gonna win 6-5
Apparently eating is a sin around here..more than two meals a day and you're considered a competitive eater\/pig
Been sitting in this office for just about 2 hours doing absolutely nothing, great internship I have
One single mashed potato for dinner. Thanks family, truly satisfied.
Kroger security guards are toooooo intimidating
Van Gaal the tactical genius you guided Netherlands to a historic win against Costa Rica...on penalties
The funniest part is that it was an English teacher who got upset with me. Real extensive vocabulary on that one
I love packed buses
As a Liverpool fan I have to say phillipe coutino must be really shit if he can't get into this Brazil side
when in doubt, just claim something as profound which data clearly already shows to be true
I love rediscovering just how hilarious and I are when we're together
Natalie: Where r u gonna plug them in?
I am going to sweat my ass off at work today... I just love high humidity!
RT : condescension at its best....
I love when mom has people come and put in new living room flooring and your bedroom wall is right there so you hear everything...
They tend to hide behind and constant to cope, but miss out on amazing relationships and true .
Ooohhhhhh! Getting dangerously close to 170 followers
Just spoke to an absolutely delightful Sophie at - full of enthusiasm and sounded so friendly
s/o to for being the best texter ever
Sneeze-induced phosphenes... Now that was weird, and painful. I love brain damage.
A very nice man told me I was on the highway. Its nice to know that people are that kind!
Haters will find 1000 reason to hate me....and I can't find half of fuck to give.
This put the cherry on top of my last month here in Europe... \n
The Heat don't rebuild... They reload!
\"Whoa Beas...whoo...yeah Beas!\" -Tom Roche in screening
It must have been a slam dunk RT: Seattle City Council has pulled pre-K from today's agenda
Can't wait to do nothing on my day off tomorrow!
Almost done with school! \n\nHahahahaha jk\n\nFor the day because I'm working through summer.\n\nSofiaksbdbwjaus lawl
Yes. Bill O'Reilly, bombing solves every problem.
Hungover &amp; having like 20 kids at my house today. This should be fun
Nothing like going to work on a Sunday evening
The weather in Llanelli tomorrow looks absolutely lovely. Just in time for my Duke of Edinburgh too, yay!
I've never agreed with that \" is the lowest form of wit\" no 'duuh u stoopid' would appear to be the lowest, takes thought
I absolutely love people who have a talent for making others hate one person based off of lies and exaggerated stories.
Damn guys, calm down y'all need to stop blowing up my phone up!
Also, I would just like to say that I'm TOTALLY going to loose sleep over some insignificant bitch blocking me on twitter.
Time to go to the wonderland
Backward ever, forward never -
Crack kids are funny apparently...oh wait
Time to go to work great capper to a great day
Me; I'm finally happy.\nLife; Wait a second.\n.
My degree of depends on your degree of stupidity.
I guess your friends always tell the truth!
RAW will kick off with............. THE AUTHORITY, YAY UNPREDICTIBILITY!!!!!
Wooo the Sims 4
Obviously you don't know how DBZ works. When someone dies, they stay dead.
Will someone please send me another firework snapchat?! They are so unique!
Oh WOW !!! Another black girl with a loud mouth. ;\/ geez
Tie game baby!! Thanks for the update since you took the game off air cause Lincecum MAY throw a No-No
In your warped little mind, you totally make sense.
my week went from a complete High to a rocky low. I just love how everything works out for me while everyone else suffers
Did you see how Messi sat down on that bench then?? SUBSTITUTION OF THE TOURNAMENT!!
I love losing power in the dead of summer.......
Yay just what i wanted a bible with my name on it!
Why turn on the tv when we can get the play by play here..
The rainy season started and yayyyy power cuts!
But...but...free land of opportunity! And roads! 2 thx.
. because the red letters on a white background are really difficult to see at night
Common sense?? Not so common these days!!!!
So tonight my fellow skippers taught me about dating/dating life it was pretty interesting I learned a lot
Yay just wasted 1 hour of my time to get you to call me
My level of 's gotten to a point where I don't even know if Im kidding or not.
Well this has been a great day
Water is SO overrated...
Extremely amusing watching Gove declare in an interview last night that those who don't support him are bad teachers!
-_- people are funny sometimes
Use a top 5 pick on an unknown foreigner. Worked well in the past, right ?
Thought those sorry umps may have called that an infield fly!
Can't believe traded Westbrook for this bum
hurt my back, OITNB finished, exam tomorrow, life couldn't get any better....
Well this is going soooo great
Okay, Mariners. You scoring this many runs isn't even fun anymore
I just love 4:30s wake ups!
SL Full Time or a trophy presentation for a draw at the end of a cricket match, hmm tough call!!
Surprise... Ed Sedar cost the Brewers a run.
I say \"fuck me\" to express joy and relief All The Time, and never to display disappointment or anger
omg I love scalding my skin on the lakeside metal playground
Check out !
AC going out in July
Oh I like these fencing contractors.\nThe rolf Harris bantz is hilarious &amp; totally original......\n\n
Yes because every woman wants to be a called a "perfectly agreeable alternative."
? Bad. tomahawk chop and accompanied Indian chant? OK. Yeah, that makes sense.
The most successful people I know got involved with vemma and other pyramid schemes. please stop calling me.
Wow, nice weather for the first day of Summer.
thanks for removing the "recently added" section from their website. I hated knowing what new movies they got
Damn Parker has missed TWO shots already, sit his ass down for the night
That's a good use of logic
I just love when people don't respond
\"Let's go down to the tennis court, and talk it up like yeah\". Lorde, your lyrics are just too powerful
The connection in Ireland must be the best in the world
I love how when I'm in Class my phone be poppin' but out of class no one is texting me....
So let's start lining up the 2019 draft and see who the can take on the second round...( oh I almost forgot: )
So glad that was the prime-time fixture. Would've been awful to watch Germany-Portugal all the way through.
feeling patriotic and lethargic all at the same time. Is that Un-American?
Thanks for the new update of twitter phone.
Having an iPhone makes me feel connected
why the fuck do i have to be English when its the world cup. Would rather be an Iraqi
So much love for Evra on my timeline.
I love when there are lanes closed for construction and no construction going on.
Wow my housemates did a superb job at cleaning up their mess before leaving for summer
Times like this I really feel like I'm part of a loving family
Fitnah jokowi aja terus pak. Makin keliatan kok busuknya kubu situ
: the ability to insult idiots without them realising it. Awesome thing.
Man, do I have perfect timing or what?
When you are trying to someone to death over texting but they aren't getting it!!
Dear person at mall gathering signatures: Tiger make soft blankets. Kids are dumb, and Climate Change is liberal woo peddling.
WE GOT A POINT!!! Yeeeeeaaaahhhh!! Come on ! "It's comin' home, it's comin' home..." ???
When you finish something and have to go back and do it again cause you messed up
laughing @ this van ride.
Don't get mad when I pull a YOU on you.
Obama/Kerry offering to intermediate in Gaza. If you needed further proof that the stalemate going to linger for a very long time
Friday at the porn store.
It's day so I have to say one thing.
Tyldesley &amp; Townsend got there in the end... coz I couldn't see a handball! Stunning commentary as usual!
Emirates is Dubai government's airline. TuQ has politically hijacked it, in Lahore. Can Dubai Police go and arrest him now? Wtf.
Tell me more about how you LOVE soccer and watch it all the time
I sold the jetta tonight. Cue the boyz II men. "It's so harrrrd to say goodbyeeeee, to yesterday heeeeeeeeeeee".
Back to work and watching the all day. This doesn't hurt our productivity at all....
That sounded convincing!!
Thanks for the call at 9am on my day off to wake me up.
So prime to drive home in this storm! And the fact its so dark and our lights suck make it sooooooo much better
Oh big shocker theres still another A out there...you mean it really wasnt Shana? The shock is unbearable....
Not sure why I'm in such a good mood right now... maybe it's because I'm off work tomorrow...
Nothing brightens up my Friday more than some piss-poor drizzle.
I see the are keeping up their streak of playing great in front of big crowds
I love feeling sick during summer
it's just great when you finally found out how people really feel about you... at least now I can stop wasting my time.
If Neymar was playing the score would of been closer
Lexus, BMW, Acura, or Honda. It's hard being me.
Stay in peace
Getting ready for a wedding
I always pick the good ones.
Thank God Sheamus came out to mess up a good promo...
why are boobs uneven ughh ?!
I just love when guys look at me and say \"hey sexy why don't you come suck my....\" You get the picture.
Really love that my overweight coworker eats 5\/8 hours of her shift and I get to stare at her all day..
Got such an exciting life
That's the only solution I've come up with. Thank you Justin for not noticing me. Thank you very much. . Bye.
Freedom of Speech can be a bitch at times. Hmmm...if only there were countries with no 1st Amendment.
Sleeping next to an open window is like sleeping outside
Dogs licking my legs. The lovely perks of taking the ctrain
Thank u for having plenty of checkouts open on a Saturday evening
There hasn't been a break in the last 5 games. BOOOOOOOO
Oh that hurt so much blocked me on snapchat
Oh what a wonderful seat on the plane...sat next to a big girl that had a baby!!!
2 points!!! Thats wassup!! Lol
There's nothing hotter than Bashir with a scowl and a fluffy mullet. "The Emperor's New Cloak"
My Internet Explorer is so fast, only a snail can beat the speed. .
oh my... you look so busy doing absolutely nothing yep said it
Dear re my last RT: you do catch on rather quickly .
This day keeps getting better and better
Shout-out to for being the best seat-saver in all of existence
Right off side Fred! good one
Hey look soccer fans, a tie! Isn't hat exciting?! Seriously though, do they play out the tie, or just leave it?
I love when we dive more than we sleep
Oh look Iphones can fly...
Watching the World Cup is, in no way, distracting people from our final review for a stats exam.
Nothing like a little High School Musical on a Sunday afternoon
Found nothing gaming related at Goodwill. Oh the shock and horror!!!!!!!!
Great Friday so far.
: use your brain not your dengkul !!! for idiot people
U missing the joke here swts! ": Lol. Huh. Sao paulo is another city."
I'd rather b the unsung hero who died as a patriot than a loudmouth who bcame a traitor later on.
Babysitter omg this is life
Soooo wants to hear how much fun the JT concert was....
I wonder why no attractive young lads want to speak to me. Hmmm \n
Can't wait for the days while I'm working in Yakima and it's 100+ everyday
All of Ovechkin's goals came from the left dot on the power play...
Woahh I super love when I don't get vacation pay
Sure glad dropped so I don't have a way of watching on Monday. I don't miss either.
Happy guns everywhere in Georgia day!
Wow... There are 3 more volumes to this thing... I can't wait to see how it ends.
is like of mind - not everybody gets it.
Well and really know how to boost confidence!!!!
Most ppl hate leg day but I love not being able to walk
Yes dad, I'll 'just stop' pulling out my hair. Gee, why didn't I think of that, it's really that simple
Muero por ver a Honduras jugar, se me hace que me salgo de la oficina, pero corriendo
Talking with Khai is equal to sarcatism.
Finally. The solution! RT RT : Ladies: If he loved you he would marry you!
No matter how happy I am, I want people to feel sorry/be jealous about everything I do
Todayyyy has been so awesomeeeee
fifa is governed by racist white men for eliminating all African teams from the tournament
What's Rooney doing in the middle he's better out wide!!
I love when my friends text me letting me know what's up -.-
Well that was super fun...
Costa Rica vs Greece... This game is full of excitement!
My cheese danish for breakfast was soooo nutritious
FINALLY getting my check reissued, meaning I will finally get my money refunded from valpo. It's only been 2 months. Nbd.
Note to my brain - no, that's totally fine, I didn't actually want sleep
The NFL is busy, They need to focus on adding two more games or covering up concussion issues
Made to lose baseball games -staroverhere
BTW my previous tweet was but iThink not every1 got it!
The DOW is at 17,000 today. The first time in history It's the President's fault
Wish I was out, babysitting is some laugh
Brandon McCarthy will fix our problems
Can the buyout the remainder of luongo's contract?
Brazil fans so fake, they gave up already...no faith....lol
I owe all my happiness to my terrible memory.
I can't believe how fun and interesting my life is atm!
But it's okay because I like looking like a 12 year old with goofy bottom braces only when I should look 17 and womanly.
Brains are awesome. I wish everybody had one.
I just love riding the train with a bunch of drunk assholes. .
Wait is EDC this weekend?!?!
Oh no i'll just sleep and not go out and have fun its okay
Does that massive beard on the face of make him an Islamist?
is like electricity, half of the Indians don't get it! :)
Nothing makes a Sunday joyful than studying for my holocaust history final.
I love when radio people comment on the station's facebook page and start controversy.
Niki Minaj wrote it I forgot how lyrically talented you are. Thank you for the song "Looking ass nigga" you are talent itself
THE SUN IS RISING THANK U FOR MAKING ME LAUGH ALL NIGHT LONG
Workmen next door drilling into adjoining wall :o(
I'm going to miss the freshman who wouldn't sit down at lunch.
Extra time 'n' pens ;-) sideshow bob with 5! :-D
I'm the biggest fan of MyLittlePony\/DoctorWho\/Transformers\/Etc as long as it is the most famous version and not the rest.
It's raining this morning which means I'm going to have to walk in it and be in wet clothes today. Woo
And the most clutch Brewer ever is up to bat! No pressure Rickie!
What a great morning
What a good way to start the morning, with a female announcing that her period is on ^_^ #
Something to look forward to: Come December, I have two finals 30 minutes apart...
I love when "Let It Go" from Frozen comes on at the gym. Gets me pumped!
No soccer tmrw. Just great. Nothing to distract me from stuff and the and Samardzija. Gonna be such a fun day.
I love it when someone tells me they are gonna do something, then at the last minute tells me they have other plans.
That sure was a bespoke kit made for , looks nothing like the official kit...\n
I tried too hard in life. I should have turned off my brain, opened my legs, and blamed everyone else for everything.
You smoking is super sexy oh yeah.
I'm sweating doing my glute exercises indoor with the AC on. Should be a fun run.
Having obstructed view of video scoreboard is awesome right now.
BREAKING: Lebron James has not made his decision yet! Sorry I felt left out since this is the big news destroying my feed.
Thanks for asking how my appointment went and if I'm actually okay.
LRT: Well, isn't that great?
I swear, Taylor Swift does NOT make me want to totally give up or cut myself and cry everyday.
And then screws up every sandwich that I ordered!!!!
really need to learn . They take everything too .
You deserve a pat on the back.
Thanks to whomever pulled the fire alarm in my building this morning. Free wake up calls are totally appreciated.
Estamos muy interesado por Tatiana Merino .___.'
BEST line in a love song EVER!! "Love is a cancer that grows on the soul"
well a hope tonights game is a lot better than that dullfest that was served up last night
I can tell you have studied history...
I just love being surprised with a 40 hour work week
Really? You don't say! Tell me more!!
Kibret is such a sweetheart ._.\n\n
If u eat all the chocolate, then there won't b any chocolate left 2 eat. Therefor, no chocolate to tempt you.
Greatest American Athlete = Joey Chestnut. Kind of kidding.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
I think my dog loves me.. He's always running at me and screaming.. Sometimes his playing gets a little rough
My twitter keeps crashing..... I wonder why
Damn I wish I was in Spanish right now instead of going to the beach..
Happy endings for everyone. Joy.
Having Alexithymia is the best :-)
just a someone, no one in special cause well.. I don't like anyone atm (how weird )
dreaming about jake was not crazy or awkward at all
Woooo Call of Duty
Is backdooring really the only way to get HGs out of the house?
Love being at work while not being on the clock.
Hey your lounge at the A gate in is the worst I've ever been in. Period. That's the way to treat your
JUST TELL EVERYBODY WHATS GOING ON WHY DONT YOU .
Mood = happy.
I literally don't know what to do now that I've finished, looks like I'll just play games. Oh the struggle
Great way to start a morning.
I've heard so many people tell me they think it's funny/ cool when someone who took a photo comments "who took this?"
I can't believe Howard Webb would make a bad decision.
Love being home alone
Oh here we go!Baba Torres to d rescue!!
Gotta love that late surge at the gym for fourth of July weekend
12 hours later I'm finally done with work. That means in 12 hours I get to do it all over again! How exciting!!
I love getting eye exams
Peyton Manning at ?
Losing my wallet has been so enjoyable.
Come see me have my dreams crushed , at absolute this evening , just love sharing my shame LOL
It's been like 50 million years since you brought a camo dlc out what are you playing at?
me talking to my mum about university, a very serious subject for me.
cheers to waking up @ 6:00 am.
.is an awful person. She provided great art advice to only one of my kids. The others felt deprived.
Find it strange that I'm going to boots and hearts the first weekend of August then lil Wayne the following lol
Boat owners in the Twin Cities are loving this rain....
\": City of Toronto smells like hot garbage right now.\" The subway prob smells like flower blossoms
That's really funny..
Today just keeps getting better.
Some people get it.
You're against homosexual people adopting kids that heterosexual people abandoned? Sounds legit
There is some stupendous parenting going on here today
I'm so pissed at Orange is the new black for letting you all know about the gay agenda. That was supposed to be a secret. !
Wtaching Koeman's first interview is quite funny when he says he needs to learn more English
Ayye your texting speed is very fast
LOL Dear people who think puberty only works on celebrities,
Please say hi to the traffic going to naia t3. Thanks for making me miss my flight! I'm infinitely grateful! :)
Obligatory tweet about Lebron James becoming a free agent... So excited to hear about this all off season
i recognized frankie right away hes going to be fun
Volleyball to Basketball.
If only Alexis Sanchez had known West Ham is in London he'd definitely have signed for us instead
Less than 10 days until we watch another NBA great leave Minnesota. What an awesome feeling
My weekend is gonna be sooooo fun
diego costa. so excited to have him on chelsea.
3 players under par, including the winner at 9 under. Other two at one under. I guess the lack of rough made course too easy.
Oh great. Looks like it might be the bullpen from here on out in a 0-0 game.
It's been a great fucking day fuck everything
Oh good, another article about Essendon. I wonder what perspective he takes this time
Step parents, aren't they gr8? :-)
Another quality refereeing decision
GREAT move putting BJ Upton in the lead off spot. Just another case of stupid people spouting about that which the know nothing
cant label every person who dose blow a some people just reeeaaaaalllllyyy like the way it smells same with
Sick again.... Dear GOD, why??? Why do you make me go through this??? An sms warning me would have been fine!
Oh, look! Another movie all about crude sex jokes... yaaaay.
Yay for work cutting my hours!
Mom's gone to the Beth Moore conference this weekend so looks like it's quality time with pops!! Should be a lot of conversation
The intensity of the 4th of July celebration in my hometown is YOLO quality.
Really looking forward to seeing Ibarbo play for Leeds next year!
Reviewing the world cup scores... Colombia beat Greece?! Whoa, that's a shocker.
British people should be advised to avoid eating chorizo until we can reach a consensus on its pronunciation.
Today's been lovely.
In bed by 7...feeling great
The hideous truth is: You, are the closest thing I have to a friend.
I love it when my coworkers know how to do their job. Is it time to go yet?
maybe just needs to declare a gun-free zone
but boys they can do whatever they want and are the man
I feel like I'm ruining my eyes and killing my brain cells online, but at least I know that I'm not wasting my life.
What a great way to end a shitty night.
Can't wait to see Russias WC intro in 2018. Putin, snow, kremlin blah blah
I study CODE OF ETHICS..\nBut everything i do is UNETHICAL.\nLOL. :)
Going to the fair with just my mom and my brother is so much fun!
Its a good job Suarez aint 100% fit otherwise this game could have been embarrassing\nv \n
CEO- Zuckerberg, \nCOO- Sanberg \n\nWhat else proof is needed that FB has caste feeling !!
Oh, thanks ref for sending Marchisio home and not Suarez. Thanks so much
i've noticed the overwhelming support Stop Patriarchy has online is white... male... cis. gee... i'm wondering why that is....
SHOWING A DISPLAY OF ... IS HOW YOU DESCRIBE ME
You know what's a FANTASTIC life achievement?? Becoming a grandma before the age of 40!
No one ever said that the taste of sweat is sweet.
wow looks like everyone really cares about my life
Wait, has a choice to make? Like he has to decide and stick with it? I would have never guessed from the lack of tweets
Company condom wish congrats kat baekyeon pon nak fikir bukan2 ke?Atleast durex doakan kebahagian baek.bukan mcm korg suka kutuk ja
Trying to find a good time to tell my dog he's adopted.Lols
Is Joey a liberal? Is she a Democrat? Does she believe in recycling?
Hang in taft? "You're not from taft :))"
Pls interrupt me cousin to give you a ride 6 min away from here when I got all fucking comfy and ready to sleep. Thanks
without people twitter will be bored as more as like ajith movies !!
60 more slides! Yay me
My grandma told me once that she used to be anorexic. She was \"SO bad!\" she ate only 1600 cals a day. What? Yeah you were bad!
I hope you're happy.
10k run tomorrow. Mimimal training. Should be fun
Just saw a commercial for must mean those jerks are loosin a chuck of business. Save yourselves if you can.
Non-personal, automated birthday emails make this special day that much more amazing
Wow matt fratin ! Leafs scored huge
*drinks because it makes me look cool*
Standing out front the county courthouse is a guy wearing a t-shirt emblazoned w\/ a marijuana leaf. Um, good luck w\/ your case.
All will be well as long as John Kerry returns from the Middle East with a piece of paper in his hand...
If I had the day off, I would not be at Walmart. What great Americans all of you are.
Multi-colored braces! I KNOW you're jealous.
Thanks for the amazing "welcome home" mom
wow today is going just absolutely SPECTACULAR
You have a star in Minny that wants out of there and now a rookie is upset because he got drafted there. Oh My Minny is fun
Love hearing about the rude\/inappropriate\/unnecessary things my manager has said about me :)
Hey! It's "Assassin's" Creed, not "Delicious Sandwich Maker's" Creed. Sorry ladies.
This days goin pretty good so far.\n
Yay for time zones and being wide awake for the past 6 hours!!!
This weather is doing amazing things to my hair.
that awesome moment when your phone is on 30% and realize you left your charger at home 5 hours away in another state
I live the little game your playing ?
So happy for tomorrow
Sidenote: Why did I ever think a funny space opera would be easy to write?
Quality coverage from Itv
Game of road hockey at 8 in the morning.... Yes my son I loves it
Beer:30 is totally awesommmmme.
It's nice to know that my parents put all their trust in me
We get to ride the Ubaldo roller coaster for 4 years! Yay us.
I love seeing the same girls ruin relationship after relationship.
Oh yeah fans Paul Pierce to your team is a major upgrade. trade Deandre Jordan for him.
So glad I'm not human &amp; don't get hurt by words...
at it's best there, Good job.
Such a suprise
Good morning! Good morning! Its nice to have you hear this morning! Good morning to you! Interview this morning weeee!
I enjoy repeating myself, over and over to a customer like they are a child.
Nothing like an 8am start on a Monday.
7 episodes in to 24 (set in London) I've counted 5 English people to about 400 Americans.\nI do hope the yanks can save poor blighty
Israel 67- Gaza 0 ??? mode on full !
Neymar ruled out of World Cup
In a great mood right now.
Great. Their's another 'A' Shocker! Did not see that one coming... :O
Why set an alarm when you have maintenance right outside your door!
Oh so you weren't using me you just wanted to teach me how you felt
I could be easygoing.. but where would the FUN be for me??
I have the best \"friends\"
Yayyyyyyy public transport!
Thank u for ur wonderful and leaving my brothers in arms with nothing to show for from a
Time to be super productive at work.
Wow talk about progress Zimbabwe
I'm so glad I had to come into work two and half hours early and end up just sitting around and do nothing all morning.
We're going to Elitches for the 4th of July which means I'll be getting two of my favorite things; heat stroke and motion sickness.
...aaaaand thinks a solid programming move would be to show a replay of the hot dog eating contest.
can't wait for : Decide Harder
(Continued from last tweet)\nMe: (in my head) A) NO I don't do surgeries!! and B) I didn't know you worked with me ()\n
Today won't be shitty at all.
vs could be the game of the tournament
I just answered the door with powder in my hair and no bra! I love myself!
I'm so good at tweeting
My mom literally woke me up at 8:15 by tickling me and dancing. Today's gonna be fun.
World Cup coverage needs more side line reporters constantly asking the coaches how they think it's going...
i got to see &amp; hear more of , while did not see/hear ANYTHING from half the returned contestants. thanks!
Well today keeps getting better and better...
. Just another free service that I offer.
sometimes when I go to the bar I pull the whole something is wrong with my phone is doesn't have your number in it. I got game.
Miami defense is awesome!
6 long hours at the hospital today can't wait
Difficult ending for the Heat.
, , needs 59 more followers to hit 1,000! Please give her a follow.
So nice to see my parents be so happy for my brother's relationship...
So this accident had speed me competing in Tough Murder thus Saturday. So frigging happy.
What a fabulous day. I'm so happy people are being so nice today.
I'm glad we're still friends after you got a girlfriend..
Greatest travel agent out there.
panalo SAS!!! hindi ako makaget over! feeling ko, nagchampion din ako!!! bwahahahaha
recent studies show i hate everything :P
In such a great fucking mood right now
All of these muscle knots sure do feel awesome
If you ever bugger up the cooking, just say its ....that'll mask the cock up..... .
I really enjoyed wasting my day building rockets
Thank you for helping my .
Wait. All the free agents haven't been signed yet? Don't they know all the fans are freaking out?!?!?!
The Taliban taking over Iraq again...
I love how spontaneous this rain is...not!
Teach me how to cook instead...
Having trouble with the ladies? Not getting by on looks, wealth, or athletic ability? Then start smoking! You'll look cool as hell!
Oh how I loved coming out the shower and directly into the back of a police car for unknown reasons! -________-
Great to see the sprinkler system going full force watering the town fields in the midst of a tropical storm.
Good to see on the is totally coherent and not senile at all.
Between World Pride and Digital Dreams, I'm *sure* Toronto will be swarming with pedophiles.
twitter acc @/BELIEBERS34EVER unfollowed me ow what a loss you will be missed
LOVE the fact that I've got a killer headache and ALL I can fucking hear over everything is music thumping from upstairs
That great feeling when you think your parents think you're a failure.
Lovely to see some shifting their arguments to whether or not Nintendo can make successful new IP now that they announced new ones
So apparently I'm now an asthmatic! Woohoo
I really loved having to hand wash all the dishes tonight...
More tablets, more blood tests and a recommended diet to follow... F'YEAH!
Wow what were the odds of tht happening.....
This little hate my life phase your going through is cute...really cute
I love when people talk to me like I'm a 5 year old, especially in a professional setting. So nice. So nice.
Big surprise: the people you meet at humboldt county dive bars on a Monday night are super friendly
If the massively Pro Brazilian crowd is booing the home team this loudly now I can hardly wait to see what unfolds after it ends
So sorry England.
My last tweet was me trying 2 be funny hahaha funny!!
Being mugged off is my absolute favourite thing
One is an undisciplined menace and the other is a scream-happy crybaby. Yup, not spanking is definitely working.
Like i care!!
isn't paying the rent! His well wishers are.
Me: There's wall outlets
I'm so glad I didn't bring any reading material for this bus ride. Or headphones.
Me:Well thank u,all of my problems just got fixed!
I trust him. He's forgiven.
I'm so happy that my dad was told that I apparently do no housework
Comedy doesn't need a punchline when it's being irreverent.
My stomach has been in knots all night, so I didn't get much sleep. This should be a great day.
No...: Source who spoke with KLove says he would definitely "100 pct" stay in Cleveland longterm if LeBron is there
Oh how I wish people actually cared. \n
One word... Fantastic holidays!!! -.-
I think we can all agree Nolasco was worth the money.
*Unusual Sighting: Two Cardinal runners have come around to score. We ask that you dont disturb this rare phenomenon*
Hi cat, please vomit in my bed some more, I love it.
Best night of my life I'd say.
Thanks to Raven I now want to be a scam artist.
What a great fucking start xbox
Get to have a tooth pulled tomorrow!
I love it when you say you want something and the person runs out and gets it
Amen!!! you did it.. and you now look cute: like a banana eating chimp
I get to see the doctor by myself :D and he's a boy :D fkmn
Bravo! Oscar Kilgore esta carretera del segundo anillo no sirve
My 2 Day Priority Mail package has been missing for 401 days. Thank goodness the are "looking into it".
So glad I have to take Micro again in college!!
S\/O to me for paying 's $5 cover for that party last night that got shut down at midnight. Totally worth it
Healing time for a metacarpal is 4-6wks, AT LEAST. Not in my world; apparently I'm supposed to be healed in 2-3. ! (&amp; )
I love being apart of a sisterhood where none of my sisters reply to my texts. !!!!!
This guy talking is really exciting!
I wish I had more weekends like this one.
I just love not being able to breathe through my nose.
Love how joe always saves AOS for me to do when I get to work
He must be an alien.
Whao. No way. Not four! Really? Four! And oh my god! Two motion seats. Wow. Truly amazing.
Free? 8-. I guess someone else pays the bills :)
ROnaldo offside again, what a surprize!
Posting my drama on twitter is making me feel better about myself.
Just another day in paradise .
