Great good morning message to wake up too.
It's been so nasty muggy here the past few days..and it's only gonna get hotter.
In , I am the hero? That's great since in most games I've played I'm just the love interest.
Headed to Alaska. Bye-bye communication with everyone except
Yay for Pay day.
Well no one saw that one coming Lebron.
It's fun not doing anything over summer
I think you should make me feel just a little bit more worthless.. That would be so much better for me.......
Kendall Jenner is perfecctt
When ppl try to tell me to respect them and they dont treat me with respect... talk about living in a fantasy world... lol
Thank you for texting. Sobrang naappreciate ko.
Love the childlike drama going on with this b&amp;o team. People making the team look bad &amp; making others not wanna do anymore openings
There's some classy people in this Dr.'s office.
This was a fun Friday night.
Just being like this and have a negative thinking. I hope your life should be happy with negative thinking
Saw a lady with a shirt that said
I love giving the same feedback twice, two days in a row.
Thanks for putting the interest up on my student loan!
I have some good friends. Wow.
Burning my tongue is the best feeling in the world
This week is getting better and better as it goes on.
Whadaya mean Beckhams not playing. I'm sure his match ban thingy must've lapsed by now...
How awesome that corporations win again under this Supreme Court.
Work in seven hours yasssss
It baffles me that Shola Ameobi hasn't been brought on yet!!
Sorry, my mistake they were Grant's words but still you get the gist. Thanks EA
I love this feeling
I'm rocking the sweats today, I look mighty fine.
No school today. Normally I would be happy, but test weeks starts tomorrow so I have a whole day to study
You got into a fight and knocked this guy out? You must be a fucking badass
I've never received flowers just because but I've received wine just because how romantic...
It's good to see the giving home Saturday night games to team who can get a good crowd.
Great start to my day: dog poop on my sweater fresh off Gizmo's butt and burnt by breasts with hot coffee
Well this is exciting.
If those eight miles on the bike were any indication, 30 should be a piece of cake...
No, it hasn't rained enough lately. I can't swim in the living room yet.
Despite the heat losing in five games they are still the best ever and LeBrons still the best...
Looks like is heading towards a holdout. His demands, name the 3-7 show "Go2Guy &amp; Friends"! Will budge?
I love not scrimmaging.
Confusion is the best.
I wanted nothing more than to be woken out of a deep sleep to drive to Altoona hospital at 8 am.
because apparently "I love my father" also means "Men are better than women."
I'm glad the twins owe Nolasco like 40 million more dollars over the next 4.5 years...
What? A Brazilian play acting? Noooo
Don't you just love it when people lie and plans don't become more than just plans?
Wow, what a great catch! I had no idea! RT ": don't see a hit for Guthrie"
Yes black people, sagging your pants means you're a burden to society. Smh
Mi fa proprio sentire bene vedere le foto della tipa di DiCaprio.
I'm really glad I did nothing tonight
Appreciate all the support family
\"Mom, can I go play basketball with your George Gervin signed ball?\"\n\"Sure because I have a closet full of autographed items!\"\n
I need a stress ball. Or better yet a hammer to knock down a couple of walls or two :D ...
I love how people are seriously ignoring the record. Who cares about murder when the murderer has such lovely eyes?
There's nothing more fun than chasing a hyper dog while she runs around the neighborhood for over an hour.
And it's not like I'm minoring in Japanese or anything in college.
wins their group, takes the 2nd spot against 10 man . That's what we all had at the start right?
Happy to report the Transformers ad is still playing!
It appears that doing a show based in British folklore means everything eventually becomes Cockney.
Two employees in house for the breakfast rush, good call .
Ok that's cool
I just don't my own mind. Shouldn't we pay men more for all extra decision making they have to do?
It's a honeypot trap by NZ's secret service! M'sia's dedication to root out Femme-Zion CIAgents have not gone down well at Langley!
Camps ... that's a great word to hear in the current political discourse, huh ...
Iowa's corn fields are on point tonight
I love spending Saturday nights doing nothing!!! Hell yeah!
its so awesome how everyone post those happy holiday posts, because the rest of us are really unsure as to what holiday it is today.
Before you post something on twitter, just remember, everybody cares.
Frieri is such a stud, I can't even stand it.
I love when my days start out fantastic.
God I hope this doesn't go to penalties....
I do love it when people who don't like a research finding tell me the research is flawed.
is annoying! Why don't people just own what they feel n say exactly what they mean.
Want to try something fun? Go to bathroom w/what's likely a torn hamstring. It's hilarious. Really. Trust me.
I forgot how many billion pics of Mujahid Mullah Umar has been released.Totally everybody who joins Taliban knows how he looks like.
Oh, yes, brutal beatings are much better with a wacky music soundtrack.
No we don't only speak Zulu in (what language do you think I'm typing in?) people who ask such questions though...
OH DAMN! That German missed a goal! LOL
Sometimes I start thinking and then I start feeling like shit and then I just sit there alone feeling like shit\nIt's great!\n
glad my grandparents are supportive of my future.
If I were to give up , that would leave interpretive dance as my only means of communication.
I'm going to start taking photos of literally everything I do to make people think my shitty life is awesome!
So pumped about working on the 4th...
First day of college and Karlie has already crashed her bike
Oh I didn't know the gym was a dance club?
I like how local media just deleted my accountability tweets to them. These papers ain' .
So. I dont wanna go to work tomorrow. Hes gonna stalk me. Hes never gonna say he likes me for hes too shy &amp; childish.
yuppp...tomorrow's gonna be another day full of job searching...
My baseball team is an offensive juggernaut.
My snapchat story is really long. I'm sorry.
By the holidays I will be homeless unless something changes. Can't live with people I can't trust.
Stickers? What a great prize!!
Wait. There were problematic cast members in ? I thought it was all the viewers faults for reading too much into it!
Sometimes when I walk through a metal detector my abs of steel set them off
Guys, \nWho is Ashton Irwin? \n
Brilliant Strategy of the Day ()\n: I'm gonna breed a lizard and a piggy... I wonder which one has to be the daddy?
Red card for pepe, never expected that
ORIGINAL TV SHOW IDEA: A crime show where the main character has a weird quirk but is still the best at solving crimes
What a great Monday.
Apparently the only types of friends I can have are either girls or straight guys. And of course I have a lot in common with them.
What, John &amp; Suzyn don't like Led Zeppelin? I may need a few minutes to recover from the shock.
Yes,in case you were wondering, I &lt;3 waking up to my friends having sex,the best feeling in the whole fucking world.
because it is a for everyone who was abused by their mother.
Great day! !
Getting out of bed was so hard this morning that I'm now probably gonna be late....
Gonna be a beautiful next few days
well today was a good day, found out dean cheated on me. :-)
The tweets are really dying down now, people are losing interest. Oh well.
Good start Belgium
What a shame, huh? Ordinary people don't have the same sophisticated tastes as socialist elites.
So all attendees at this years i/o are just gonno get a bunch of watches! BigDeal!
Que rico mi nap
It's at least 90 degrees in this theater right now... this rehearsal should be fun
it means I get to work all weekend
Yep because celtics need smart when they have rondo and the lakers need randle when they have pau....
There's nothing like a last-minute visit by papa to make you clean your house! Happy Father's Day to me!
KARYA audition full house kut.
Lavine just said \"Fuck me\" after that selection. Obvious that he wants to be here.
You need a boyfriend yup, because I totally wanna date somebody because I'm lonely
Oh I'm in such a good mood today
Third Atchison pitch gets blasted. Simply outstanding. How is he still in the majors?
3) Inappropriate sexual
So being stood up by your boyfriend is the best feeling in the world.
When your is so good that people take you seriously.
noi italiani si che abbiamo uno spirito sportivo degno di nota
Is Buck tooth Suarez up for sale then? Haven't heard anything myself
Aww you want to see me so bad that you can only come over when my mom isn't home, that's so sweet
We're smiling but we're close to tears... &lt;/3
How dare you defend yourselves against such peace-loving people
Let's smash up Bella Italia in protest!!
Me: \"Goodnight, I'm going to bed.\" \nMom: \"I forgot how much of a party animal you are.\" -___-
Glenn Hoddle really has got the hang of these South American names hasn't he? Slipping off the tongue now
House cleaning is the best* part of the week (*)
I love when people don't answer messages\/mails. I just love :P
Ohhh huge tornado and huge t storm.
Stop asking why im single when ive already aknowledged that im a crazy nomad.
At 33, I'm sure Radim Vrbata's best offensive years are ahead of him...
glad I have people that are there for me when I need them tho most
I feel so enthused about today. Sell sell sell! I'm going to strive to hit targets and give customers an ace experience.
Oh, you've been dating for two weeks?\nyou definitely love each other, I can hear the wedding bells ringing! \n
Super excited to drive to and back today and not see all the cool people.
Pretty pumped to spend 8 hours on a bus with tomorrow.
Di tiviwan, lebih bayar milyaran bisa langsung direstitusi tanpa perlu pemeriksaan.
Gus wants me to spot him but he ain't even here
What a half from Balotelli. Arsenal are buying a real asset. WengerNuts
I always have the best coworkers
I love when members of wave around copies of the while speaking on the floor.
I'm totally not gonna stay up till 3 am to collect my gold from clash of clans.
its just one more of my many talents
Thank you for letting me miss all the great doctor moments this year.
Bien diana... BIEN!
Tell the whole world yang awak tu kena ngurat.
very fucking feminist
CAN NOT WAIT to give his fifty bucks
I can feel the love. Really, I can.
It's so tough. On one hand, Gary Harris has a fantastic hair\/eyebrow combo. On the other hand, Payne's facial hair is years ahead.
And Friday so close to
Great to see B.J. in there again tonight...
Best thing ever is waking up at 4am to miss your flight
I just love family vacations !
Would someone please care to explain to me why writer's block exists?
My friends are too real #
Careful 2-0 is the most dangerous score in soccer, right ?
Since I've never served on my own.
Thanks for your support mom and dad!
BREAKING: Big Foot is being pressured into changing his name because the size 13+ are offended
Yay i have tonsillitis again, so much fun
What a freaking fantastic day this has been..
What's MLS? Does the USMNT play in that league?
Turned on First Pitch, was delighted to see Steve Lyons. I am just not a fan. He never shuts up! I blame him for this yr.
Its a good thing is batting 9th. I would hate to have a hot hitter at the top of the lineup!
Glad to know that UChicago Secrets can get on with being disgustingly offensive with or without talking about the IOP.
What surprise gave up multiple homers yet again. He never does such a thing does he?
Woah, didn't see that password coming..
&gt; ... all while trying to get people to renew?! Makes PERFECT sense to me! .
Hey mister in the silver SUV liscence plate BSVY 495 thanks for zooming around the corner, not looking for pedestrians or stopping..
The and I are super thrilled that the fireworks have already started.
Life isn't to take it or leave it as you like ....Life isn't a toy which you can fuck with it ....Life are &amp; moments.
Summer so far has just been tons of fun.
Yes Spotify! A commercial for The Purge is EXACTLY what I want to hear while listening to tye tribbett!
Abetz thwarts cleaners' Senate wage victory
Half way up the island and I forget my wallet. Man I'm having great luck today..
Its nice when your body lets you know you are pushing yourself at workouts to the point where you puke.
Only 2-1 in the 2nd half...boring!!!
So July is off to a wonderful start
I see the Esks O Line has greatly improved over last year!!!\n\n
I get to work on Canada day
\": Well, don't do they look like a happy couple? \"THEY ARE SO IN LOVE ! AWW ;)
Huge tree fell in my backyard causing a few others to fall with it. It's going to be to clean up
They both have weirdo humour ~
It's awesome living in a country where the only news is bad news
Oh that evil Nancy Pelosi, being for planned parenthood, how evil...
The moment when you ans you teacher during presentation and he never asks you a question again
Can this night end already?
They're dirty and filled with shit!
Time to grow up hey ho, if that's how you wanna live, good luck I say
Happy to see numerous colleges in TamilNadu giving 100% placement for engineering graduates, go Engineers
You want me to tell you how I feel and when I do, you just laugh at me
School on my birthday month. Perfect!!
That's cool, thanks for the help.
Lu baling kurma, rumah ada sticker BN...bangun pagi lu tetap kena cari tin buruk.\n\n
Good thing I give a fuck about basketball...\n
It's going to be one FUN time to rebuild Colony 6!
Luis Suarez dropped by Uruguay! :P
Hell of birthday so far.
Can't believe we are heading to OT in LA!
Praise The Lord for this goal line technology, i had absolutely no idea with that one...
*all alone in his hotel room, not wanting to talk to anyone, expecting someone to answer anyway*
I'm going to start randomly tagging myself in everyone's pictures. Just in case I ever need an alibi.
Its True I don't have to be but the world has given me so much material to work with that I wouldn't want to be wasteful
carlos quentin, professional hitter
Took it too far.
Dude in open relationship says he's been exclusive the past 4 months. I have def not been. So we had a fantastic talk until 5a
Nothing makes me quite as filled with joy as someone busting out dance music at 5pm on a wednesday.
Oh good. Well at least we're no longer wasting time with taking pitches.
I wish would focus more on LeBron James. They don't have enough analysis.
Now THREE staff standing around clutching iPads. No-one at machines &amp; everyone queuing. This strategy is clearly working
Yeah, retweeting a picture claiming it will bring you good luck or vice versa is totally full proof. Definitely believable.
OC transpo fares going up again. At least their service is worth it, right?
Hoping twitter has less football talk than Facebook! Is there a match being played somewhere
Is it just me, or is Hamlet a little on the crazy side?
This is just such a great day.
The twinging hamstring...very important.
ew, that also means i have to type things like " :( " instead of using a sexy ass emoji OMG HOW WILL I PROPERLY EXPRESS MYSELF
Sharks just stockpiling those draft picks. Free Agency excitement, feel it. .
well sharks can come up to land anywhere, Erin. "Noooo"
I really loveeee packing..
I want my ex not to hook up with other guys when we break up but girls like that dont exist
My internet was down last night so I spent some time with my family\nthey seemed like lovely ppl!\n:D
I forgot to pay tribute to Michael Jackson on social media yesterday. Does that make me a bad person?
There is DEFINITELY Not enough rock n bowl pics on instagram &amp; snapchat...
Last staff meeting of the term. Such a shame.
Since BO was kind enough to give the Taliban back 5 of their terrorists, maybe he could ask them for help in Iraq
Nice win via bullshit calls Mexico deserved that SO much more.
Really looking forward to the advanced information coming out tomorrow for one of my exams
Me canse de bailar
Guess this is why Stevie Johnson doesn't work out....risk of injury.
Turn up for the five pounds I've gained since freshman year. Really proud of that.
Then gets out and comes blasting through my door saying sleep well!!
I went The Arkles before &amp; it was fantastic. It's really picked up the last few weeks!
Our two favourite teams in the final. Great.
Mr "Cramp"/worst star ever/not even close to MJ is heating up.
Its amazing how when u lose someone ur mind has the power to remember almost everything you'd normally forget or not think about...
Friend: can cure all diseases
Waoh! I gained 17 unfollowers mayn!\nImma celeb now.. :)\n
you all are so nice... thank you for giving me the link to see the boys nobody help me yaaay
Hosting a baby shower today. Oh what fun.
Working friday ... cool
Why would i wanna be anywhere else
\": Thanks Kirsten for atleast texting back and telling me you aren't coming. \" (o. o)
Everything's just a joke. HAHAHA
I need to remember to stick at the end of tweets as it clearly doesn't translate to some!
So happy rn.
, just in case.
Hmmmm, a twenty five page Tyrion chapter. Do I want to read on or stop reading?
Oh wow! Poringland Dentist have got an open day!! :O shit just got real! Cannot wait!
So My Sisters Face-Timing Me From Toronto, She's Having The Best Time And I'm Stuck In The UK
Nothing makes you feel younger when you see your six grade teacher and realize it's been 11 years since you've last seen him.
Apparently, there is a new kind of massage in Philippines where they put pythons on your body. Sure, that sounds like fun.
Oh, no. I love being snapped at when I'm just trying to help.
so unbelievable,i still try to warm you up with my broken heart.
Guys...I'm selling so many shoes right now.
Oh how I love driving the great plains. It's so interesting to see the amazing landscape.
There needs to be a font for chatting on social media.
Worst trip ever....thank you for being so accommodating...
Looking forward to watch, what is billed to be game of the tournament, yes folks I'm talking about v
Its cool ... i didnt want you to text me back anyway ...
Lol just kidding :)))
Thanks Mr Robichaud for showing me hard work and one month of damn preparation really pays off
Nice app #another fine working channel from
Its looks like germans were powered by Audi, Porsche , Mercedes and BMW alltogether.
Well, you're gonna go really far in life
Please continue to treat me like a moron. It's my favorite.
Hot pocket and lizard lick towing. Been an eventful day so far
Stupidity should be painful
Cena wins the stretcher match,What a surprise!
A good way to get my attention is to send me unsolicited msgs about SharePoint or SEO optimization.
Hey TSN, thanks for the same 6 commercials over an entire NBA game.
Suarez flashed his Mike Tyson tattoo after lunch today.
I love on how I was automatically following amazon.... I'm okay with sponsored tweets, not okay with not having control of following
What a great move by Stan, the piece the Hawks were missing! : Peter Regin heading back to CHI.
Uploading my new vine on youtube at kamal alnishilli channel .like and sub .
Oh well. Celebrating my 2nd year of stay here in MakatiMed with an injured knee. Yey.
Well tonight was just lovely
working a double from 830am-11pm tomorrow. i love work. works the best.
God I absolutely love it when people don't text you back, it's probably the least annoying thing ever
oh how i love my life
Danny Murphy has such emotion in his voice
I was just watching ESPN and I almost missed the story on Lebron opting out of his contract!
Wow that cigarette really makes you so much more attractive.
My train is in an hour and twenty minutes. I like to wait today !
must now choose their words carefully 2 avoid any negative interpretation; a tactic otherwise known as lying.
well I'm glad Metallica didn't play their heavy stuff so they could keep the crowd on their side!
Ouchy my ankle :( can't walk
Ludicrous Joke of the Day by , apparently Alg. GIA khawarij also called khilafa implying IS=GIA.
I couldn't think of a better way to spend this beautiful Monday evening than at an evening work meeting taking minutes
Oh thanks twitter for delivering a DM just now that was sent on Saturday. Great work.
Had about four hours sleep ohh today's going to be a perfect day
love it when your mum and brother keep randomly looking at each other when you're talking. Makes you feel so loved!
Say it aint so !
oh goody- severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings in effect for Hamilton. I love extreme weather
We keep plummeting above 17,000 ..make it stop!
I'm sure dealing with floods will be easier with half the number RM officials on the ground.
Get to watch fireworks at work tonight yay...
Oh look Who wants to be a millionaire is on I am intrigued to find out if someone will get a million quid
It's official, the Giants are never winning again.
I fancy going to , AND , I'll have a .......
We're already depressed that we have to go back to work in the morning, but decides to cheer us up with
Super bummed I'm missing the hoedown this year.
Having your nose ring ripped out is a glorious feeling.
1 minute and 19 seconds. That's a new record
Be careful of how high you hold your nose. Wouldn't want you to drown in a rainstorm.
ugh god melo you douche you dont just leave a team to look for a better one&amp; get rings you dumb fuck
Shoutout to the military to the wonderful health insurance they provide to a retired soldier with 21 years of service.
solid 10 hours shift. huge shout out to the macho man that threw all our ketchup out. your the sickest guy i know
Hahahahhaha.. smash fail
Obviously when packing my hospital bag I missed the important item of a pen aha
Now every one wants Campbell back at Arsenal
Krul with a good save there
the weather is a major factor in this game ,but then in Doha(quatar) its now 10 degrees more paaaha. 2022 is gonna be great
Running gr8 thus far, lost 50% of stack w\/ sets, quartering nut lows,
Im so glad I got up before work to go to football training.
Andy Murray - worst English tennis player ever. Fact.
amazing job by bradley tonight.
Where's Prince Fielder starting a fight in the dugout when you need him? Someone on the Brewers needs to step up.
Looks like you're on to big things with your life..lol
My day can't can't any better.
Jose was responsible was for Casillas did today!
I went to the beach during a hurricane warning, I'm a totalllll badass
Ok, I'll search more pics later, now I need to work. With my "good" hand
As Sopranzetti finished Pitch asked the audience not to clap as it could be interpreted as a collective political action
GUYS ITS A NEW THING MT EX GIRLFRIEND READ MY MIND AND KNEW HOW I FELT
Tonight is going to be the best night ever!
Gee, what a surprise Kane and interfered in tonight's main event...
Nice collection though
Man I love working in the humidity... That sticky feeling and heavy air is great, you cant beat it...
Think Devin will mention he has a daughter this week?
For me is my super natural power.
Diego Costa did a lot for his price tag yesterday.
I opted for not being the rude, inconsiderate cow and telling off a smoker.
Wow for a show that has stronger fan base online, faking it cast &amp; crew surely do interact with their online fans.
I ordered a milk shake today from but instead I got a cup full of ice cream, THANKS!!!
June 24th... Always a great day in the history of Camden Smith.
Really looking forward to see Tom Cleverly play next season.
I wonder who will will play for next year? Come on tell me something lol.
Felt like such a rebel when I handed a guy his pocket knife back opened after I had opened it! He's gonna have such bad luck!
The message at the end of Wonderwall still isn't clear to me. I wonder what they were doing. Hmm. Just another musical mystery.
1 lesson tomorrow and it's 1st period, then its bloody sports day
Caesar, Koba &amp; Maurice were cast for the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. Great to get those apes back for new flick. Great movie.
There is nothing I find more enjoyable than peeing on airplanes
I love it when my brother wants me to pick up 4000 ppl
Running in 80% Humidity is so fun I can't understand how World Cup players were ever thrown off playing in Manaus.
If you can't laugh at yourself, I'll do it for you.
Yay for power outages.
Looking forward to $33 million upgrade (insert )
Don't y'all know thy if you say coded racist things in a private FB group that it doesn't count?
Is just going to write a review about how clean the regency hotel is in toronto.
Do better horrible work at check in desk in ATL ": FRONTIER, hiring the best and the brightest. "
What am I to you?
Just been on the phone to for 41 minutes, 30 of them were in a cue after an automated service, joy
Aaaaand pretty sure I'm sick. Sweet.
Midget hockey? I believe they like to be called little people.
Working below the minimum wage is great..
Kinda excited to start college
Oh how I love work...
It's great to have really warm weather just after my vacation ended. Didn't need to suffer these heats.
Our Uboxes, which are supposed to be available for pickup today here in Ohio, are still in South FL
I love working &amp; travelling to all corners of the country. Wahoo!
Thanks for ignoring me
Does it really revolve on being hurt?? thinking
So fun when I get asked to do the same thing twice because others can't recall asking &amp; having an answer already.
What? They would never.... // RT : Basically, cable companies are exploiting consumers in every conceivable way.
Wow much cool, very party.
Strangulation marks are cool, right?
Are there really couple out there who don't mind cheating? Like, "oh you got some ass? High five!"
My daughter and her go hand in hand these days
Germany, shockingly and surprisingly, have made it to the Quarter Finals of the World Cup. Who'd have thought it?
I love these "Random acts of Kindness" posts that are supposed to restore "my faith in humanity." (1/2)
\": u don go play, \"\"nw ur mate iz jst ahead of u nd I wif three yrs\"\"wat a bull shit!!\"
What do I love more than being around old judgmental homophobic black ppl? Being around old judgmental homophobic white ppl
You know what I need? More shit to do.
Wow, can't believe Argentina had an injury there.
Oh wow. That's an awesome tattoo of a triangle on your neck. Must be very meaningful..
Watching Spongebob because I can't sleep and there's nothing on TV. I'm pretty much awesome.
Get tattoos pierce every part of your body sleep around if that's really how you want to live life do it -Abel Morales
A week from today I'll be back in pope co with dumpy. It's been real white hall.
Klose is as good as the brazilian Ronaldo
If only the fans controlled Big Brother! Then there wouldn't be bad swimsuit photoshops!
Lol lemonaide mouth is the best movie ever!
Nothing fixes a thing so Intensely in memory as the wish to forget it.
So was fired but still had a job? Yeah...good call on that one
Gold diggers are whores! How dare they want men w the resources to provide for the 2 decade responsibility that comes from sex!
I wanna say something so right now, but I'm holding back
I close Monday through Thursday this week yay
Why yes random stranger, I WOULD like to talk to you about my relationship w/ god.
I hope UABBs front man is ok\r\rIma go buy thier album now\r
Okay. I've been up all night watching Youtube again. Time for bed. Alexis will be SO happy.
No way Gerald Green &amp; the Morrii are in top 15 of \"chuckers\" in the NBA. Shocking, breaking news.
Ties are exciting....
Whitney needs to calm down her excitement
Sharapova is really happy :P
I'm really sorry I don't have that obscure accessory for an instrument that I don't sell in the store. Really, I am. .
So gonna pull a yarn all nighter. Yay got misjudgement of time.
It's that time of the year when the city smells divine.
Because bringing a screaming baby to the post office with long lines that done move is a brilliant idea.
Nothin like a good ole post-shower sweat!
This match is amazing
Why would anyone blame Israel for any of this? They are the little guy; the helpless victim.
What am I saying? Head injuries don't exist in soccer! Everyone who gets knocked out is actually fine!
When you don't get the sleep you need because your brain is high wired thinking about other things. That's good right!?
growing up sucks!
oh no. I've attracted the atheist community. hopefully I don't start drinking wine while reading the bible for it's fallacies
You have no idea how difficult it is for an to answer the phone at work. This is going to be a fun, fun day. -
Love the smell of deep heat on the train in the morning
I would much rather go sell chicken than watch dance videos all afternoon.
There's a lot of healthy people.
can u feel how his fans feeling too ? tsk ~
Supreme Court rules in favor of religious conviction? How freaking intolerant.
Andrew Wiggins may be an ultra athlete. But he's ... Canadian.
Oh yes thanks for cancelling one of my classes for the entire summer semester biiaatch
Waking up this early is just great
More rabies vaccinations... eh yayyyy. I love shots, they're my favorite!
That giroud fella looks decent, bet you'll never see a player like him play for arsenal
Anything for ratings. GFS = ratings
Funny. How some people think na they're the only ones who celebrates father's day.
Mick Malthouse today "If I wasn't coaching, I'd hate the game". Just the perfect guy you want leading your team into the future
I love morning phone calls from the doc
Why was I blessed with such amazing parents?
As in Group G.... Aha ahaha.
Thanks snapchat friends. I hadn't had a clue what fireworks looked like. Thanks for the pictures.
If u can't understand then u r not consider intelligent.pity!!.
Either I have suddenly gone intelligent n hence popular, or world just discovered me. A 50% jump in followers in two days.
Also, still highly amused that each time I tweet I hear a couple of phones in the office beep. I'm so amazingly popular .
Not like I'm in a newsroom or anything
That \"header\" from was just fantastic.......
Spent whole day with network guy fixing LAN. Can you say "more-fun-than-a-barrel-of-puppies"
nice to see the Wimbledon app is working on my phone
Driving my parents to the airport rn should be fun
\"Get tattoos pierce every part of your body sleep around if that's really how you want to live life do it\" -Abel Morales
So glad we got to here "God Bless the USA" this morning for special music! A person just can't hear that song enough.
40 minutes to go on work day? Time for a random fire alarm that will take 30 to shut off! Yaaaaaaaay construction!
Minnie Driver will be a guest star on 'Hell's Kitchen'... clearly a bold move for sweeps week.
Henderson &gt; Pirlo \n\n
So are other people voting? Can't really tell.
To the umpire "got to clean that base. Try and make this game last as long as possible don't we"
Some happy faces walking out of here
So, how much daylight are we losing today? ,
I feel so loved right now..
So In History I Got Pen On My Tounge! Tried Getting It Off For 15 Minutes And Just Sat There And Laughed
Is there some sort of sports game going on?
3 followers?!? Im gonna be famous!!
I must say it's a "Great" feeling waking up and Seeing (Russia TV) reporting about 60 shot in this weekend.
Seems like Edexcel are in a really charitable mood this year :) can't wait for C4 :)
\"May date ka ata anak ah.\" A very nice morning opener from mama. -_-
Before you say those things make sure that your tongue is properly connected to your brain. :)
So According to - Sound Design doesn't exist next year. Love it when an industry supports itself!
I love it when people do shit just to piss me off..
Yes, because starting oscar taveras is a bad idea!
Glad those flopping rules are playing a role in this years finals. fuck you, wade.
If Troy Smith doesn't hit Chad Johnson for a TD on the first pass this whole thing is a bust.
The NSA has just informed me they love my tweets! And that they agree with me! ()
Dammit Nate Freiman!! I mean...yay for those that had him...
CHRIS ROCK IS SO FUNNY
Everybody needs a life coach.
Bus stop spot check ... Seems to be no loitering going on
10 mile kayaking trip around Holmes Creek today. Nothing like 68 degree spring water to dunk yourself in....#
Yes I love being third wheeled I definitely don't care
Dude summer rn is a total Blast
0-0 is so exciting
When You Are Used To Ref Rugby Matches In Australia Its Hard To See A Foul In Football
What an awesome Saturday night doing nothing and snapping a bunch of people with
Why is Xavi benched? Spanish football at it's finest.
Oh I love Mondays.
My "wild nights" consist in smoking and sneaking out to buy munchies yeah I'm a wild child
If you were trying to hide from me while you drove past. You did a great job at it
Thank you for getting me addicted to Pretty Little Liars!
I love having a six hour shift when I still have a weeks worth of packing to do :)
This will be the Germans Cup Final, if they make it to the final they will lose
Does anyone have a good on with ?
Was instantly put into one of those moods where everything anyone does pisses me off. Thanks dad
Finally got my refund from for my force. Not bad! Bought Feb. Returned March. Refunded end June.
What's this? having trouble scoring runs?
How do I get 30 minutes of my life back? Re: Facebook outage ...
OMFG LOVE SOCCER!! World Cup!:!$\/4&amp;!;&amp;34$!; literally too excited
The England maestro Wilshere being substituted for another maestro S.Gerrard. vs
Rit atkal pie zobarsta yaaay \n
The icing on the cake of a great week
is this penalty means fifa want europe to go through?
Photo shopped. Dude survives on those Maui Chips and Moco Loco washed down with a Steinlager.
Hey guys who wants to go out tonight
Another boring day! Yeah!
I'm really glad it looks like I got beat up!
I have to say I just LOVE waking up unexpectedly at 5:30am and not being able to go back to sleep
Me has to admit, everything that me can throw in a bucket am scared of cougars. "PRETTY IMPRESSIVE!"
100th tweet, following 11, 11 followers\n\n
I guess it's a religious right to ignore the science and practicality of hormonal contraception.
Yup... Crying myself to sleep - fantastic weekend!
Can't wait to tell Rulon what I bought onAmazon today....he's gonna be soooo happy.
Fuuuuuun times this am. Thanks fb.
Wow I love spending time with my family
20 hours of traveling to do until I'm in Italy. Is cryogenics a thing yet?
Debating 5 people at a time on twitter is fun.
There could not have been a more perfect time for my car to break down.
Trust to take gamers back to those horribly awkward times in the awards. Yeah we all love that.
Oh dear. Looks like Uruguay may be going out of the World Cup. Shame.
I wish I would put some ink on this Temple
I really miss \"you people\" posting things about what a GREAT is.\n\n
Eating Cheetos at the hospital front desk because I'm the perfect vision of health.
If anyone wonders I'll be at work till midnight tonight. Yep gotta change the store for new stuff!
it's so nice having friends that can hangout
You should have used politically correct remarks and made sure that young women didn't hurt her hands assaulting you
Well... That didn't take long at all!
Cause I'm being with my bae . xD
I love going downstairs for a nice family breakfast and then immediately getting judged by them all for my beliefs.
No questions answered but it's fine cause there was an hour long battle scene...
Never thought i'd see the day where I am weeks behind on worldstar hip hop
The best of the best on the VIP guest list for my 21st birthday xD
Now, I don't want the Portuguese manager to look too impressed...
No better way to end my last shift as a tech by getting projectile vomited on...
Dude was pissed. Wanted the shut out. Feels like a loss now. Germany fucking sucks
Greeeaaat. &lt;-- /&gt; My super creepy annoying crazy Nova Scotia wacko stalker is back. Such a crazy bitch. :(
I love being back on the knicks. but we are paying him $130 million to put a ball in a hoop.
Ladies if you want a guy to like you just give him an Wii u he fall head over heels in love its Truth
Pokemon Snap 3DS confirmed. Needs a 90 minute Q and A for sure tomorrow.
People are so mature I love it
Awh man, wish I could post half naked selfies all the time.
Church is so full today.
Ha! I like your avi!!!
The coach seems really happy.
people with knifes in Dorval term make me feel so much more comfortable
I feel so cool right now!
Enough with the German wall mentions guys, that was 25 years ago.
What's the best thing to do when you're feeling depressed? Why have a friend throw your friendship away, of course!
Heeerlijk om 8 uur op de fiets
Well that's just perfect
I HAVE THE MOST SUPPORTIVE FRIENDS OUT THERE
&amp; humor is very to me bc im the same feel a connection
With numbers Pearce put up today you know Buck will have him on the bench tomorrow.
I love so much when there are four bus-loads of kids touring the campus.
So happy Bobby and Gooch called me back today
SO FUN OMG
The treacherous conditions in Recife don't make this game any more intense at all.
The replay of RVP's mostly unsuccessful high five with van Gaal makes me feel queasy. Shame, really ruined this game for me
Because I needed the 100 statuses on Facebook to remind me of Father's Day.
Epic request night! Cupid shuffle, animals, wobble, wiggle, and bring me out! Nice!
Absolutely love being woken up 2 days in a row by that damn little tipping dog.
Ooh a cracked article mentioning Frozen. I'm sure the comments will be WONDERFUL.
Nothing quite understands me like Twerk While Ya Werk
Thank god for FIFA's goal-line technology
Anyone else getting up at 2:30 am tomorrow to go to orientation? No, it's just me?
Super happy about the fact that I don't get my next paycheck until after the Steam Summer Sale ends
Whoever it is that asked Johnson to keep throwing it to Uruguay players needs to be shot
So the DIDNT trade the pick after all the speculation?! what a shock!
Glassman was right! The Dow will never go down again!
Ha... Real cool. Glad we're friends..
Days like today I love technology
Wala na bang mas iinit pa? Can somebody turn on the heater please?
What a surprise Vanek to Minnesota
Oh, it's fine. Ignore me. It's not like I really wanted to talk to you.
It's all a fix to get Lebron back to Cleveland so he, Kyrie, Embiid and Aquaman can win it next year lol
\"A pussy's good for maybe six or seven at the most, and I'm sure they cant compare as far as taste\"- Stephen Sondheim gay? Nahh.
World Cup sweepstake at work, and muggins here only fucking draws Colombia and Australia! How lucky how am I!
Finally got pulled over for the first time
Thank you Holland for making Mexico lose
Sidney Crosby definitely deserved to win MVP after that stellar playoff performance..
YOLOing the ACT tomorrow
For a second there, i thought drama wasn't a trend. Glad i was wrong &lt;3
422 in the morning yayyy no sleep :(
I like going to the mall and looking at things I can't buy.
Wow! Breaking news dude!
My parents could win an award for being the most punctual parents ever.
Ohhh retail sales how I love you!!
I was just sooooo cool with my Nikes and neon pants. oh god.
All the people have gone radio silent. Here comes some fantastic sleep.
XLXS, the database format of the future.
I love when people pronounce World War I as "Warwarwun."
My 4th of July is so fuckin amazing!!!
Don't get tangled up in this loose baggy jerseys Uruguay
Must've had a HUGE turnout of African Americans in don't they still count as 3/5ths in that state?
im so glad you had fun at the beach. do tell me more
John Cena is on the cover of WWE 2K15, how original!
Today was a great first fathers day
If the rumors are coming from walmart then im sure they're probably true...
So who gets Cleveland a championship first? King James or Johnny Football? Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Gods forbid someone might have an or different from your own.
Perhaps we should embrace Obama's use of executive action.His unilateral acts rid need for Congress &amp; SCOTUS, so we could save $$$!
Smoking can kill you but so can Water, so I don't drink any.
Very Funny Though. .
the fact that I smell like you, doesn't make me miss you at all
Still waiting to play after no response from for over 24 hours. Pretty awesome customer service.
Joint Facebook's really are the sure sign of a solid relationship.
Thank you, Pacific Ocean, for putting that sand in my ears.
Last written final tonight. So excited.....
in olden days i \\ quenched my thirst with gasoline \\ now there are green wheels
Starting to play on steam more than my xbox....
hahaha! funny -_-
Well... I love you too Mother...
Really happy for all those people going to Glastonbury this weekend....
I only have a Facebook so ppl can send me endless game requests :)
I have the best "friends"
I just LOVE getting catcalled when I go to wawa
'Why high court no let govt do policy no democracy such tyrant very unorstrayan wow'
So I have had no internet since thursday. Now Espn decided to not have a working picture for this usa game. My life is good.
To all those who don't get , *SALUTE!*
- it's been 47 hours ... how wonderful !
That good mood sure last long.
Thirteen years isn't that drastic of an age difference....right?
Got invited to a wedding in India by one of my coworkers.... Seems totally doable. "RSVP that shit!!" Lol
Amo no poder dormir.
Gotta love waking up at 2 am with heartburn while camping..
Clearly, I'm famous!
People; Why you so quiet? Me: You don't plot murders aloud now do you? :/ The Best Shit ever!!! :/
I swear, being probed by a metal rod is exactly how I want to start out every Monday morning.
At least today wasn't boring as shit.
Jeez that didn't sound creepy at all...
Wade with a turnover? No Way!!!
Who is this mastermind who decided to change the exam schedule? What a great idea!
OMG! double bottom, buy the %^&amp; out of $COH
I just love it people ac stupiddd like yas
This is basically it..
Como todas sabemos los videojuegos nos hacen violentos
Oh no! Not Kane!
Nei programmi di RealTime o NatGeo,x quanto giri il mondo,le persone intervistate hanno sempre le stesse 5-6 voci.Che cosa curiosa!
Will $GRPO get to 17,000 before the Dow?
Skip takes it. Can't understand how the guy lugging 70 rpm into the last turn did not win...
406. Do you see a flicker on my give-a-fuck-o-meter?
Re last RT. I'm still not sure how to pronounce Quinoa. guess that means it's full of toxins and chemicals right?
Wow Phil Neville's commentary is invigorating, passionate and unmissable
July is going to be so good
Adoro enganar-me a escrever tweets
I wanted to see the fire works tonight. I just love working though!
Yeah I've had great male role models...... ...
Walking the track of the most glorious school (bishop ahr) waiting for my glorious sister to be done with soccer
Can't stand conceited people..like I'm sorry the world doesn't revolve around you.
Wow it's really cool that you took a picture of the mountains.
Fledgling network cancelling show of one of the best Conservative minds around seems like a good idea.
Is this why Barca sold Cesc? Rakitic would fit just perfect. lol#
Nothing like some Death Grips to help me get to sleep.
If you saved years to buy some fancy computer, come home and you find only the screen in the box you'd be upset to right?
Washington Beacon dude TOTALLY doesn't have an agenda.
Dog sitting+drinking alone=no fun..but I'm not complaining all that much
The word Oklahoma is Choctaw for Red People I guess we need to change that name to.
Dear Mom thanks for telling whoever on the phone that Wal-Mart is hiring and not me I appriciate it
at the end got a point from a draw
Wala pa gani ta na ayo paulan napud ta unya. Push natin yan! Bahalag sakiton basta party gihapon!
Soccer players are tough
I been selling crack since like the 5th grade... Pure genius
Computers moving slow, copy machine out of toner, phones constantly ringing. Yeah work is going wonderfully!
None of this stuff would have happened if the Washington Redskins would have changed their name.
Trade Him. Now. RT : Wade opted out of his exit interview.
Just noticed is having an incredible year - he's now hitting an En Fuego .210!
I have 6 or 7 caps, all the same size, all fit differently. Newest one is too big. &lt;--
The case only applied to women, right? Bring on my free condoms! I want to be a slut and prostitute, too.
oitnb is so romantic
Might of had a where like was like giving me like and now I'm to now
\"You've changed.\" \"I know, I'm a Transformer.\"
I go to the Yellow Springs Street Fair every year.DOES THAT MAKE ME A FLOWER CHILD?! SHOULD START RETWEETING CHILL VIBES TOO.
I actually do miss LIHSA over the summer....
Boy do I love it when people decide to be difficult and crabby all the time...
\"And of course, I'd LOVE to work this weekend. No really, I have no life. Why would I have plans for the holiday?
Real cool. Everyone here is real cool.
History's like 140 questions can't wait till next year lmao jk
Tha Carter V is supposed to be Weezy's last album. Oh darn..
And going to be missing game 4 just like I missed game 3 because I'll be flying.....ask me how happy I am about that
I hate twitters idea of tweeting yourself when replying to someone, awesome idea there -
This commentator cracks me up with his =))
Things can only get better - Yazz
Today was just wonderful
I missed seeing the 5 Knuckle Shuffle on my TV. Especially when it's dropped on Randy Orton. What a treat. Sauce it!
As for me, I get all my glue sticks at Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond (in the 'Beyond' section). Higher quality than Hobby Lobby.
Don't worry, League 3 will be here soon and we'll never fail to get out of the group again
I would have liked to insult you, but the sad truth is that you wouldn't understand me.
Wow! A 1 seed won the NBA championship. What a shock! &gt;NBA
Somehow managed to forget my toothbrush, but thank God I Have 20 different outfits
I can already tell this is gonna be an awesome week..
All these injuries.
Thank you for using speakerphone I public everyone was really interested in your conversation
Hormones are like the greatest thing ever.
Michael Jordan, get ready to see all your records fall.
Three grandparents, my dream job, and the love of my life..
Gert Verheyen heeft er precies goesting in...
I go home every night, but you don't see me writing an essay in SI about it.
What we need this long hot summer, MORE Diamondback talk.
Good news!!! Samardzija is still listed as the starter tomorrow. We'll send him off in style. because morons are on twitter.
Shock! Pepe sent off.
Kijuan we know you don't love these thots. Lol RT : Finally. The solution! RT
At my favourite place on earth!!!
Global warning? No more huge gas bills in winter?
Gotta love it when it takes 3 days to figure out if they even offer service to your house.
Sige iwan pa XD Saya mangiwan no? -.-'
Shocking. MT : Longhorn Legend and former Madison QB Vince Young says he is retiring. has more at 10pm.
Siem obviously wants to follow in his brothers footsteps, &amp; play under the guidance of a footballing genius, in Pardew.
I'd love it if someone tweeted a pic of Rory McIlroy holding a hurley!
But no need to fear with Fred playing they have a chance.
I see Paulo Nuitini has admitted taking drugs everyday for the last decade.....would never have thought that by looking at him..
2014 is half over and
Let it begin... such a friendly points and miles family sometimes.
Los jugadores de Argentina saludaron y felicitaron a sus rivales holandeses luego del partido
What a fabulous day today is
|| I just love a good Stockholm syndrome ship
I never get tired of hearing about Jimmie Johnson. .
Oh I'm soooo ready for this exam
What a shock.
When you finish something and have to go back and do it again cause you meased up
HOLY CRAP NEXT WEEK is back. I'm not excited at all
I love it when my hubby leaves his dirty chonies on the kitchen counter
I'm feeling my soul. What a *great* lyric.
At the England game tonight will the refs spray for free kicks be coloured green!
Where The Wild Things Are, Treebeard, a wolf, and a chest piece that doesn't make sense? Because those are great tattoo choices
I can't wait to see everyone's snapchat story of fireworks!
I really do appreciate it
And now I'm watching and the absolute ridiculousness that comes with it. Tonight keeps getting better and better...
What's the salary cap at for next year?
Up early...with a solid five hours of sleep I should be great for a full days work
Good to know that i have people in my life who will happily tear me down and make me feel worthless.
Start: 6 pm DJ and 8 pm: Mars Noooo. A DJ as support act and a concert without a drummer. Rock'n'roll!
Employees at SSS Cubao branch are soooo nice. They brighten up my morning! I'll keep coming back.
I'm sorry, but that can't be right. I have it on good authority that Obama has been destroying the economy
Billy TOTALLY would have scored on the sac fly to 2nd
Its such a nice day to be waiting in a doctors office for an hour
I like that I paid $150 for GTA V and GTA Online still doesn't work, 10 months later.
This is when a guy really needs two TVs: to watch the US and keep an eye on Ghana-Portugal
replacing the Red White and Blue cock up our arse for a bigger, more menacing, star spangled blue one.
\": 3 days ago someone used a drone to spy on France's World Cup team while they were practicing.\" Oh I wonder who
it must be nice when the whole world loves you ;o)
and the Conv end with ahhhhh
I've crystal and kiara since like 6th grade
How comforting that Victor Blackwell is on the case. He'll get to the truth.
The vote on the Oxford Comma at is probably the most important vote of the assembly, yes? Or did I missing something?
The things I would do to be on the .
Updated my phone and apps moved. I can't remember what was there before and it's upsetting me
The mob must be running the Blackhawks. 84 mil for two players. Holy crap. Oh and way to go with your crappy signings sharks!
I can speak fluently,wow you must be hilarious,
is just one of the services I offer. .
this is so much fun. really.
? good to know there are really creative people out there...smh
Why does keep saying that starts at 3pm EST when the game starts at 4pm? I wonder...
AW YEAH, a whole 2 minutes, enough time for Portugal to score 4 goals to tie the game.
I love drivers ed
OK, Brazilians, wax it up!!!
We're going to an AA picnic tomorrow. I asked who's bringing the beer.
Cena Won...anyone else suprised?
What a twist! What a twist! Cena wins the title.
There is a elderly gentleman pacing up and down my cul-de-sac speaking ominously in an Eastern European language.
That was the best 2 and a half hour commute ever!! :\
U want a second bedroom for the nanny and the kids but u want to pay half price for it because...? help me get it
Guess who found out he gets to have an MRI on his hip!! THIS GUY!!!
so... its a cleaning-Saturday you sayy ...
I love watching Islamic videos (lectures, Qur'an recitations, etc) and having random beer/alcohol commercials in them *rolls eyes*
Times like this I just love being a woman...
And the social security office is going to be tons of fun...
Oh really. Who knew you had ulterior motives.
Of course I would tell Monica. I told her first of all people I would tell something of that nature to I told her.
Nakiki avail sa free internet. How sweet of you, Suth. HAHAHAHA
Stuffing envelopes while watching Fox News on this beautiful summer day
Yeah, because everyone loves ads. :/
My are doing it!! I'm a lifelong fan!!
Talking to father about my future is always so much fun!
Nothing says 'Happy Birthday America' like the Nathan's Hotdog eating competition.
Does that massive beard the face of make him an Islamist?
A dog just pounced on my face and bit my ear but no it's not like I wasn't sound asleep or anything...
I love those people who reply to their own tweets
The is apparently looking for developers to help them detect on Twitter. Hey, CIA, GREAT IDEA.
Wow my grammar game is great today.
A hybrid bursting into flames? Shocking!
Today was filled wonderful news at work. Need a beer or 10.
Well this is freaking great..just great.
How come Jo never got dubbed the next Pele
Purple and feminine was the best way not to say "gay" right? Good Job.
Getting crazy in my house on a Saturday night mixing different flavors of organic lemonade.
No today leaking from my pores - just sassiness and .
Hey guys where did lebron go?
Thanks for a delay in my flight I didn't really want to see my friends in Philly.
I really think someone should start a T-shirt company for action sports... We just don't have enough of them.
Anyone remember how incredible Virtual Boy was?
So excited for this bus ride home....
.All we need now is a heavy downpour to wash all of it into our rivers.
Vlaar taking the 1st penalty was an act of genius by Van Gaal. Let's not forget that please
Ya know...my day gets better and better.
We all know that if a woman is capable of abortion, she is capable of killing her toddler if he doesn't eat his vegetables.
MEA giving some \"tough\" statements on nurses stranded in Iraq. Please follow. You'll be enlightened.\n\nNotice for idiots:
I'm awake and hungry...a perfect combination
, , needs 13 followers to hit 200. Please give him a follow.
It's nice to know that you care..
Sometimes...no scratch that most of the time I wish I was just a flippin only child
I also just definitely called myself \"daddy\". So I'm pretty much the epitome of \"hip\".
Why yes random stranger, I WOULD like to talk to you about my relationship w\/ god.
Dreams come true when you use Transtar
My family is just a big bundle of joy tonight.
What a shame, huh? Ordinary people don't have the same sophisticated tastes as socialist elites.\n\n\n\n\n
I really need to learn the difference between being hungry and being bored. i m bored when i have nothing to eat
Happiness is having your "I love you" met with stony silence.
The is too real
Imagine that. A meme doesn't grasp the underlying nature of a problem.
Ooops, really ??
sometimes I feel like nothing is bothering me..yayy lol
Nothing I love more than muggy night time hayfever.. mixed with cat allergy swollen eye... its terrific!!!!
But hiding from negative feedback never causes a crisis right?
Countdown to \"ngidol\" prohibition laws.
Thank you parkway sonic for the chicken strips made purely of breading. Love me some fried breading...
Glad to know you care
Well that was a great way to end my night by seeing Carlos for the 3rd time &amp; awkwardly stared at each other (:
Thanks pals for shorting out my black shoes and getting them back to me here in the UK.
Your tweet was so good that I can't stop staring, licking the screen I printed it out in poster size to put on my wall.\n\n\n
Work&gt;&gt;Yankee Doodle pops
I love how after I help people doing things and the thing they wanted help with passes.. They stop talking to me? Lolll ok
woah my classmates are being so nice &lt;33333
Got prescription sunglasses today. I'll miss being a cool kid who doubles up glasses and sunglasses....
My apologies if what I do offends you
Naaw the ending of this movie is so romantic
Who'd of thought the first goalless draw of the world cup would be Nigeria vs Iran, thought this game was full of goals
I just pulled off 3 ticks from my hip yay!
You guys see ?! The best friend in that is in the new ad... Good to see him moving on up.
Thanks GE Oil &amp; Gas for such a timely response on the summer internship applications from December!
Fuck man fingers swollen from this football ...i hate football
My life couldn't get any better.
Ang galing ng traffic system! Solve na solve!
So glad Snider is still on the team looking at strike 3's.
Happy father's day. Too bad my dad ain't on twitter.
so i guess i have games tomorrow now??? oh well not like i wanted to do something else with my life anyways. :))
We are seeing the great Connecticut weather that we love so dearly
That last tweet but seriously thank you for 50M
I only seem to remember that I follow O's fans when Baltimore plays Boston. Can't imagine why.
Oh man this day just continues to get better. .
\": wow i love how your face is 5 shades darker than your neck that's really cute\"
So sorry for .
I like how water is now suddenly an economic object and no longer a human right
Super excited that my purchase will sit out for a week while I'm on vaca!
It's dope when my family does shit while I'm at work and I get to come home to an empty house...
Me encanta la estrategia de Argentina: Vamos a mirar como Holanda toca.
Can everyone just drive 20 below the speed limit
So Brazil is supposed to play today? Thing is, can't see them.
My 100% win rate with lich obviously inspired empire to pick it today!
watching while working out what was I thinking and I'm not talking the workout
No but I'm wrong. There wasn't any gas rationing or food rationing. It never happened
Is there a mercy rule in soccer?
Lucy is coming for the 4th, which means my weekend is gonna be one thing...
Shout out to bradley. Doin amazing as usual.
Ya Allah..lindungilah mereka disana *smbil tempek skII kt muka*
Kevin Love still in a T-Wolves uniform at the start of the year will not be awkward AT ALL!!! ?
Extra time used to be so UnAmerican
I have the greatest most selfless sister.
I love when 14 year olds tweet about how drunk they are.
Kind of nasty out, only kind of.
How exciting! \n
yeah! but what's even better is that I have to work tomorrow
wow you're honestly such a great friend \n
woke to realize how great england did last night..OH WAIT!
Oh dear what a shame
4 more Twitter-Bots...Tweet-Bots...Spam-Birds...what are they called? Supermodelish-looking women have followed me today.
Never had to struggle I never had to work hard for anything
Finding hair in your food at a restaurant is awesome...
Love being ignored
prank phone calls on morning radio shows are original and funny
Cloud to ground lightning. my favorite.
Guys that party all the time, EVEN THOUGH ITS SUMMER, is a thot.
Damn Ronaldo's so good he shoots on target every time.
Yay, another marching season!
Love people twist a story
That moment when your contact rips &amp; you don't have your glasses so you gotta keep it in cause you can't see without it &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I love how once I'm in a relationship and I'm happy people try to mess with it. Its just awesome...
I now have no money in my bank. Thanks Admiral
Yeah, Lebron, Heat were so ruined, so destroyed by that Game 1 loss. Right.....
i love it when all my friends hangout, but dont invite me, its beyond my favorite thing
What a way to spend my saturday night! Love it!
$BBRY Ever here that phrase "Sucker born every day" Looks like they all got together &amp; R buying BBRY shares.
Red Sox and Yankees on tonight? Finally!
War games today.
I just love when people make up lies about you to pretty much try to ruin your life.
Stop it Nani.
I absolutely love having no air conditioning.
So..dads word of advice 'No ones going to cry at your grave' Thanks for the motivation there (Y)
I think the main thing for all of us to remember while we are ruminating on the fuel cell deal is that none of us are \"experts.\"
ugh, my connection is being *amazing* and totally indicative of the experience that my ISP wants to provide.
Maybe LeBron is waiting for everyone else to decide before he makes a decision.
No worries it's just a sprinkle!
I love being invited to things its just so great....
The only place wer u can get Shaniwar waada and maruti mandir in 10 and 15 bucks.. .. HEHEHE!!!
Game requests on Facebook just fill me with joy.
Looking mad good on snapchat. The usual...
Imagine the joy I felt when I heard I get I drive to erin mills town centre every day for training for my new job....
Thanks because what this world needs is a Poison revival.
Looking forward to this 7 hour foodrun shift.
Oh, Kyle Busch had a problem ... I'm so sad.
Dudes are proud juicing to get their results.
don't you just love it when people are so helpful in telling you their plans so you can plan yours? -.-
I watched Netflix all day instead of studying... Guess Who's going to Harvard
There's nothing I love more in a wrestling PPV than a 15 minute promo!
now this is a nice way to honor
Nobody told me it was . Wow come back from vacation and everyone at work is so pleasant.
I love how the grasshoppers are covering everything
Oh goody, another thunderstorm.
I just love how I have trouble sleeping the night before I start filming every single time.
I am REALLY excited about the new online Health &amp; Safety training I have to do.
Feel bad for all those \"die hard\" Heat fans in MIA
For a story set in the multiverse, I am SHOCKED we got an alternate version of Damian and no Earth-2 Helena Wayne.
Beautiful pass Australia...
Love trying to work out how to use API which doesn't have the best documentation
Never skip the leg day they said. You'll be fine they said.
Don't I just have the best friends in the world
Yeah, we are SUCH a horrible country. Why take a day to celebrate our freedom and Independence?
Got home from the dog park and \"surprise surprise\" the are losing!
Well I think we all know who's winning best of this year!
I still equate that Futbul will never catch on more in US till they find a way to stick a few more commercial breaks in it.
I'm glad I still get invited places from you.
It's against my religion to pay employees minimum wage, or have safe working conditions.
My installation is delayed as my local cabinet is full and VM need to remove unused connections Amazing prior planning
Fantastic snoring all around me! It is like a perfect melody of nasal sounds. This is so exhilirting
My dad's take on announcement: \"our national nightmare is over! king james back home! jim\"
The Greeks are putting all their hearts into the anthem.
What a fun sports day
.Yeah, but the Celtics did it the \"right way\" ... by trading for guys. No grubby free agents for them!
itu Perang udh dari zaman para nabi kan? Tp kesan nya Lebay banget stlh PEMILU.. terprovokasi?? Ababil banget lo pada'
Dressing twins the same; why has no-one ever thought of that before?
Yeah this whole "12 Shot" Thing really got Good News Written all over it!
God I really thought Duncan was gonna hurt someone. Glad they called that technical.
Phones fucked.... Just to top off a fantastic week.
Fuck you GLOBE! Always reducing my browser speed. This is awful. Thank you very much. -_____-
Are we there yet. And "How much longer until we're home." Are my favorite questions to answer 500 different times.
Sunny and 96 perfect day to wait until after lunch to pull cable
Since I care, have a seat
First thought when I woke up this morning: I wonder what LeBron is having for breakfast &amp; how this is influencing his decision?
Jadi menteri muda trumpet...\nRT : maka tertanya-tanya Abu Ah Liang B Abu Duloh jadi menteri apa?
I did a SUPER job with that text...
Well, I only got about 3 1/2 hours of sleep last night... That was wonderful...
It's nice to hear that these commentators aren't biased.
I care so much about FIFA that i'm tweeting about it
Da gusto llegar asi Que lindos son loa reproches
Oh no starting on the left of a 3 upfront for France must mean he's a left winger now
I don't really get it why some people on the internet are so stupid, and why they are using the internet? why?
5:43 M&amp;E is on standby.
You know he's a keeper when he's not like other guys
Aww, look at the pathetic little cunt talk her shit all over twitter when we don't even follow each other. Cute.
Y'all make a cute couple.
It's 8:12 &amp; I'm sick &amp; in bed. How's your Friday night?
I am SOOOO GLAAAD that I have all of these SUUPER USEFULLLL financial accounts that I can TOOOOTALLY USE to buy things I need!
Good to see EYjr embracing the whole take pitches philosophy there
Zionis serang Gaza? Jgn risau, kita akan lancarkan Tabung Prihatin 1 Malaysia (TP1M). Sila serang lagi, jgn risau tabung dah ada..\n
These British commentators on ESPN are SUPER impartial.
If van Persie stayed at Arsenal he'd have an FA cup medal instead of a Premier League. What was he thinking?
Thank you, random dude, for telling me to smile. I need people to tell me how to control my face.
Also, now is armed with advice from Paul Scholes he is unbeatable.
I bleached my taint for this?!
Stocks lower. But I wanted to wear my new Dow 17,000 hat today! Wah!
Beautiful day to go to a wedding!
Don't want him he's shit at pens lol
I love being called fat by people in my family.
6500 on first break
I'll just probably go around the island by myself in 10 minutes then take pictures at coral garden and swim by myself @ the dock.
Using a $25 credit for a $6
Family reunion this weekend. Yay.
OMMMMMGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!! They Called On LeBron!!!!!!!!!! WoooowWWWWWWWWWWWW Its A Freakin Miracle lol
I love when people have to request a song by describing it, because they don't know the title or who sings it.
Ahh the joys of going out with couples!
I love it when you whine
It's so fun being ignored for days!
Rock on to this great day. Lol.
Always good to see grandad taking pride in what I do.
I can't remember the last time a 2d puzzle platformed tried to be so deep!
Yes, buying $1000 loupes fits right into my budget. Thanks Dental Hygiene school.
They love keeping me busy lol
Woo-hoo! Another exhausting, boring and very long day at school tomorrow - cant wait!
i love it when guys are douchebags its great! :)
Iran vs Nigeria!!!!
2014 most genuine act nominees are:
Oh wow, it's raining in Minnesota again? No way!
I ask because there's nothing on my TL about it at all
This place just keeps getting better and better smh lol
Beautiful start to the game.
Oh no....the heat are letting it all slip away! Bwahahahahahahahaha!
Oh wow, The Shawshank Redemption is on IFC.
Since when did Switzerland becoming a melting pot (if their soccer team reflects the country?)\n\n
Why Is Florida Georgia line on the CMT MUSIC AWARDS? Jason Derulo is more country them. Lol ***FGL
Thanks for calling me an embarrassment, means a lot
Source: LeBron James will sign with the Charlotte Hornets.
On the other hand. Feels GREAT to chop a chunk of my thumb out
Roy Hodgson is a tactical genius
Never saw this coming... After Hobby Lobby Religious Leaders Seek Exemption
Having tooth impressions made is so much fun
Thanks for sticking up for me, I know I can count on you...
First delivery on time but damaged so now have to reorganise delivery &amp; someone has to be around for it again. Yaaay.
I love it how people are thoughtful enough to leave a shopping trolley in a car space.
Linda noche que estoy pasando
Just at home bored out of my mind that's the best way to spend ur birthday
Well I wasn't expecting 2 periods this month. Thanks, Mother Nature. You're the best!
Last 2nd base ever used at Metrodome? Wow, special.
Luis Suarez suspended 4 months just cause the guy needed a snack...
Oh hey, said killing a family of 8 in was an \"error.\" Ok great, the survivors can move on now.
Man, people are just killing me with their intelligence today.
How much enthusiasm at today. The applausemeter is about 15%!!! :-P
Making all kinds of friends playing online. People are so happy
Sour milk from Shipleys.. Exactly what I needed to start off my day!!
It would be a real tragedy if the Ten Commandments were posted in a public school classroom and they actually followed them!
By the way. How man pro-Russian rebels have give up weapons and / or left so far?
Running late to my own farewell
Relearning French is interfering with my ability to speak Spanish at work
Wow, that guy is classy. World Cup fan cam....I bet he is real fun. Ha!
Please keep throwing a fit. I love it.
Guys! I'm famous . Team Snapchat sent me a snap.
Manu causing turnovers in the finals? Never seen that before.
Trying to watch this storm coverage, but the federally required EAS alert keeps cutting in and I can't override it! Thank you FCC.
Ahh yay, today is off to a good start.
So glad I spent a shit load of money on LA Fitness.
I just want to punch you in the throat sometimes
i love mixed messages.
Just found out sharapoa dont knw who is sachin i guess its nearing apocalypse pack ur bags fellaws time to leave earth
Keep up the good baseball, Rockies.
Have fun at work!
I picked up the perfect time to start trying to check my ableist language.
Today starts the long journey home. Oh the joys of long car rides.
God gave us free will, and then punishes us for not doing what he wanted in the first place. Cause that makes sense
That's a mature statement from someone who tried to say someone else is immature
No hay falla, de todos modos ni queria que me chatearas.
My Android Twitter app is the best. Shows only my own tweets in feed, doesn't load photos or videos, search crashes it. The BEST.
That's cool everyone ignore me cause I definitely don't want to hang out tonight
United "linked" with Daley Blind. I'm so surprised, didn't see that coming at all.
is the most corrupt attorney in this county. But with seven whole followers on Twitter?! You know he must be good.
The americans wont be pumped at all for 4th of July...
Omg I love how nick is now tweeting all the snaps I sent him that he screenshotted
Woo! Halo Re-releases!
If you're 2-0 nil down and 25 minutes from elimination then Fernando Torres is the guy you'd look to
More fantastic exposure for hull on channel 4 tonight! Pahahahaha!!!
Damn all this sitting on the couch all day is making me so Tired!
9 match ban? That's telling him!
Cuaca yg panas di Brasil membuatkan player2 benua Eropah tak tahan kejar bola atas padang. Ahak ahak. \n
Love arguing with people. It's literally the highlight of my night.
Let's talk about Lebron James some more...
Issues with the IRS and VA, in addition to countless immigrants crossing the border illegally. I just love an inept government.
Fuck! BBC pundits have now worked out howards faults, everyones gonna be scoring past us next season now
So since I'm not a senior anymore, do I put college student in my bio?
Bener-bener pengen ketawa
Nothing like a cold shower in the mornings...
Joseline Hernandez "La Negra" just copped it on iTunes straight fire!!!!!
I have to go to Harbor Freight. Oh, woe is me.
Why doesn't 'the whole world' go to work, to fund clearing up the corpses and destruction after ?
I thank god that you are unique
Please post one more swim suit pic
They just behead ppl for fun. Its not to put terror in other ppl, no.
From one "victim" to another,,, it took me a minute.
working the election tomorrow for 14 hours with an elderly lady
oooh nurburgring for forza 5! Now it only has 74% less content that forza 4 instead of 75%!
Messi is poop
And the pinched nerve in my neck is back. This will feel great during my long run this weekend.
Just waiting for this person to buy my lens. Thanks for being 30 min late. Not like I have stuff to do.
I love doctor's offices
This is one of those moments that I want to leave a comment on Facebook but I know I shouldn't\/can't and it's killing me!
All work n no play makes Johnny a dull boy .. All play and possibly less work made Johnny a reality
That dancer from Beautiful Night tho. So much noise about beast now, I find it sweet how he all the sudden wants to reminisce
I love when it takes me over an hour to get home from work. Thanks Mopac and 183! Made my day great!
Gotta love sleeping in through your alarm and waking up too late to go to class..
It's always the cutest thing when you open your drawers to find a baby spider dead on your sweater.S'cute
who have thought right?
Don't you just love when people go and hot box at the place you're staying at
Oh well, that means I've got to turn up in my living room tomorrow for the game.
Looks like Chris Perez slimmed down a lot
If col wins the cup we know who to thank.
Nothing like burning, peeling then burning your peeled skin. Nothing feels better
Wow my friends keep me in the loop so much. What great people they are.
Ya cause that's what I wanted to come home to...
you need to know that when you cross a limit you look bad and make others look bad and loose their chance too. Thank you, really
A true winner and gentleman if there ever was one.
Also burnt my thumb on my tea. This is destined to be a GREAT day.
I'm surprised by the fact that Argentina didn't play Messi tonight
in the end yes the country will be destabilized...
You think the football at is good u wait till u see next season under the new have an
Furthermore, it's not like they had any way to coerce Bowe into posing.
I'm so thankful only half of my face is burnt.
I really hope I am. That is all I've ever wanted to be since I was a little girl from Santa Monica. I wanted to be appease fans.
Now to do some essay prep because biology is an essay subject
Baru baca artikel blaming mikh itu, bagus bgd loh, teknik penulisannya luar biasa keren...layak bgd dbaca org brpmikiran smpit (n)
Wow, there are some classy ladies out there
Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga. *slow clap*
Okay sonrisa es con Z. Gracias no lo sabia.
Wow, Grilli bailed out twice in 4 games ... All the more reason to give him \"another\" chance
Man good job Usa
Charisma is just oozing out of these Jeopardy contestants
Aaaaand a crack of lightning pierces the sky. I didn't want to sleep anyways
Love having trust issues it makes my life so easy
Happy for another day of life god bless!
Rob: because you're fugly
Starting out the day in a mood, not sure of that's a good thing or a bad thing
Reunited with bags! We go home in the morning.
Id absolutely love to see the ref fuck us again
Wow, life just keeps getting better! \n\nBut I'm still standing, standing strong...
Netflix tonight! Woohoo.
She said 'fans' not lovatics *plot thickens*
Thanks for making sure I didnt die getting my sickly self out of the shower, mother!
Hell lot of guys with the name ......
I see is all about Original Ideas seriously wtf or
OH WOW A NEW CALL OF DUTY GAME. DIDN'T SEE THAT HAPPENING
You're all a lovely bunch tonight.... Keep it up.
Jawan:has asked that you go to for his security. Officer: Pack-up, we don't have much to do in anyway.
Hulk caps his motm performance
Such a surprise
Proudly a strong Tinder advocate
This weekend is starting out wonderfully...
My favorite part of a McDonald's ice cream cone is the glue residue on the cone from the wrapper, golly gee is that ever good
You know you've had a hard arm workout when they're still shaking an hour and a half after the workout! Thanks
Gee, games like today make me feel warm and fuzzy about making the squad over
Dear friend you've always been there Through tough times and when idiots crossed my path. Thanks for everything !
Well u couldn't see THAT decision coming a mile away!
CNU is being very helpful as expected....
Ive only gotten out twice this whole summer and my parents see me as a hooligan.. Someone put my on a leash im getting to crazy
These first three days of work really kicked my ass ha. But it's a job right?
Men can be such charmers somtimes ?
if it was not obvious.
When you are trying to someone to death over texting but they aren't getting it!!\n
My day is going great so far.
Wow brain, thanks sooooo much for dreaming about that bitch last night.
Oh, okay. Referee shows advantage being applied, and then calls a foul when the player falls down.
Omg more have just walked down the stairs yaaaaay
British Roads are regularly becoming gridlocked. Bloody Forriners. Taking over our schools houses ROADS!
Well that was fun.
All this was unexpected! More rain!
Aw, now I'm sad. RT : You were gone?
Ron Vlaar hoevaak ga jij er nog langs zitten vandaag? Jezus wat speelt die vent slechts.
Wait, this is 4th of July weekend? I had no idea. Its not like the billions of snaps about it gave it away or anything.
Eyy, I go back to work again tomorrow yaaaaayyyy.
I love how on nights I don't go out drinking, no one ever talks to me
My son is so abused.
Soo im not cool enough to be friends with you cause I dont drink or smoke or do drugs? Yep youre definitely going far in life.
TV-\"Earth is covered with water\"\nMe- \"Noooo wayyy!\"\n
Can't wait for scenarios in the morning
No foreign language lesson is complete without learning the word abortion.
Well this is fucking great. .
Oh no! 11 English players I've never met lost to 11 Italian players I've never met at a game I couldn't care less about D:
: Say it like it isn't; cuz some people probably won't ever get it.
Nooooo, the banana you left rotting in the fridge didn't make my lunch smell weird at all\n\n
someone with a germany jersey as their avatar just RTed me and added , which is such a german thing to do
So when will they air the new "Where will Lebron go" special? Really looking forward to that...
You just always know how to put me in a better mood
Glad to know our police department is doing their job.
What a great birthday.
Nothin better than life guardin at 5 am
Well, there you go, Cain. Your fault if you allow 2 runs and lose.
My friends are no good man...always pickin on me! I don't even be bothering nobody I just sit back, be quiet, mind my own business
Just saw a girl with junk in the trunk. She had an iPhone3 in her back pocket.
Sorry guys, i don't even know what means... So, i don't even know whc of my tweets can be termed ... I just tweet!
I'm now growing the post-playoff beard.
Good thing the weta went into Iraq, would have been a real mess otherwise ...
Thanks for all the help guys
I'm seriously waaaay too nice ?
I love it when talks to me when I'm with him....
Strep throat in the middle of summer.
The guy I work with is going places.
A pigeon just flew into my window...scared the shit out of me
Of course, MP's work a lot harder than the likes of firemen &amp; teachers etc., and don't have any perks and deserve every penny
My players are so sweet in the morning....
It's nice being the antichrist
this night just keeps getting better and better
Great pass england.
Aww It's Cute When Men Play Softball!
Stop hating on ur sis jas =p
Soccer has all the tough athletes. They get injured so many times in games, but they continue to walk it off.
Utd just ruin football
So happy ill let it ride I can't do anything I guess
*sighhh* I don't know why mom send me.. to attend bro's "parents-teacher meeting" !!! Hats off to the teachers.. seriously!!
Were you being , or an asshole? Or, or were you being a asshole? Cuz that just changes everything.
Me: Yep, same reason why they circumcise males.
Oh good, Martin Keown.
Vandaag naar school om een flashmob te doen, yeey
hey ready to see this happen AGAIN TONIGHT?!
Neither of my brothers have even spoke to me today. Brothers of the year!
I just love it when 14 year olds hit on me and my friends...
So very shocked that isn't going Torquay
I also just definitely called myself "daddy". So I'm pretty much the epitome of "hip".
Stop fucking cursing !
This sandwich I'm currently devouring is called Devil Steak Sandwich.. Very tempting.. , but it's delicious!
I love working on expense reports at work!
Smh about tired of it.
My sister ditched me again, yay!
Yeah, pep rally! Yeah, being PA is awesome
Perfect end to my day!
I was going to leave and go play some Final Fantasy IX...but then some quality RP started getting RTed and appeared on my TL.
Typical Ozil...not only misses a sitter, Brazil scored at the other end weaklink
Oh yay, Aisha Tyler is hosting again.
Oh yeah...Fernando's gonna save the day
The thing i miss most about baseball season was catching double headers. killing my knees.i loved catching 14 innings in a day.
Juwuan Howard just went to the scores table!!! Lol.
Well that's nice to see. Thanks for caring.
I love it when they leave me out at the pumps by myself for like 3 hours.
Lemonade and The Blue Lagoon...what a great night.
yay work starts today .
i seriously need a job i'm about to apply for the strip club in town
To clean my car or take a nap after work
Well the great summer of sport continues for England/Britain
We have such a small office that we've done a sweepstake for Final 8 teams. Only went and drew Costa Rica
I personally love twitter arguments. It's great to see peoples relationship problems on twitter.
How to quietly avoid someone when you really don't want to hangout with them... w\/ Samuel S Prater htt
much ?? !!
I love when people tweet and not text back
I love being in a , I even learnt to love the ups and downs of relationships :)
Sweet, my wisdom teeth are coming in.
I love being lied to.
Man that Miami Heat Big One Team Up is amazing
Never underestimate someone's ability to misunderstand .
Cookout today, sound like fun right??? I think not
Car rides are so comfy...
Horrified and disgusted that so many tweets are snide digs about Americans not understanding irony, .
Wow... What a way to end the night....
Well that's awkward. :D
The speech was clearly provacative. Iranian &amp; Turkish tanks would have invaded if it was publicised; national security first!
Anyone else have any hilarious comment to make about Phil Neville's voice? I'd love to read them.
i luv ppl that really dont care if i'm crying...
Working tomorrow morning is gonna be sooooo awesome
The Heat will be hot garbage this season.
Having a fantastic time
Dad: why haven't you acknowledged Father's Day?
Never in my entire life have I heard more bass drops evening
in wv woop woop
, or is it ? RT : shocker! MT : Toronto Environmental Alliance \"Report Card\". &amp; bro get Fs
Im so ready to write two exams, one Friday and next Tuesday
Saw a girl with a tramp stamp that said \"slavery\". I'm so jealous, cause obviously she's so cool
Like no I didn't want to go see paramore or fall out boy &amp; I really didn't want to go to warped tour.
i missed 11:11 hurrah
If Bosnia wins I'm putting the title of my car on them to win the World Cup .
Facebook sent me a notification about my own graduation party, good thing because I definitely almost forgot about it!
Stuck in waco while they fix my car. I am so happy.
Thanks for the tip lady
'DRIVE CAREFULLY, DEAR!' \nat its .
Nice job, Byrd.
You know a day fighting with the self-loathing Black Teapublicans is a day well spent.
Something went wrong -- now I know why Michael Kay is so highly regarded as a broadcaster.
Plzz everyone stop txtn me all at once VOICE
Best part of Mondays is finding a bunch of crap on my desk, random printed pgs on printer, &amp; open emails/docs on desktop
First time playing poker...beats all the guys
Tony Parker is good
I'm giving up on Collaros about as quickly as I'm giving MOP to Willy.
It's nice that the US came to play.
Just great. D:
.................................................................................well that 1st quarter was awesome and fun to watch
He shot &amp; got a foul.......makes sense
You're obviously too cool to text me back. Forgive me.
I didn't ask you to like me, you just did so stop acting like a bitch and get rid of that bitterness.
Question: How long can Nicole subsist on banana &amp; peanut butter sandwiches?" Answer: apparently pretty damn long.
Having a car with no ac on a day like today is super comfortable
Following a strict Paleo diet requires a 9.3% incr in income for low-income indiv. Now THAT'S realistic...
Gosh, the British commentators are of such outstanding quality
New Zealand are the cleanest team in world rugby and always follow all ofthe rules. Fact
Popovich not even interviewed. Good job ESPN.
Nothing's better than spending your Saturday night at dinner with extended family.
-Why? Are you or something? Must I say something stupid to turn you off, again!?
By all means, please bitch 2 me how inconvenient the broken copier is. I can't even imagine.
Mmm... Nothing beats a stale Chicken in a Biskit cracker.
Mls ruins players ...
Black widow by is hands down the worst song ever.
-If u'R having a bad day just remember some1 had a worse day\nMe:Well thank u,all of my problems just got fixed!\n
This day looks great from the start of it
I take thee best selfies...
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception." - Groucho Marx
Foolish protesters; failing to see the beneficial legacy of a huge stadium in the middle of the Amazon jungle.
This is just great
Twitter and Facebook hasn't made it crystal clear...Brazil won, right?
Nooooo, the banana you left rotting in the fridge didn't make my lunch smell weird at all
I can't believe Lady Gaga actually came out for being straight! Wow, that's so brave of her
Great day for
our next stage in life is all gonna be about engagement parties &amp; weddings of our friends..
Golfing alone is fun
THAT HAS TO BE IT. RT : Obv bringing up Alex Jackson to be backup catcher
So bored I just might make a YouTube video about Twitter and the stuff that annoys me about it....
Not that we've made a model out of a criminal, let's get back to work and making life beautiful.
That'll be Hooper to Hull next then ;)
I'm dragging ass. Who knew never sleeping could get to you.
Why do girls change their entire face in a photo....just be proud of your ugly it makes you individual
You'd almost think the coalition government in Westminster were trying to curb more of our fundamental rights.
There is no way this day could get any better... Happy Monday
Upset due to the fact that I did not receive an invitation to the Walmart morning meeting/singalong
I have to work tomorrow. Yay
Only 144 applicants for job advertised lady Friday. Lazy \"leaners\"
Had fun chillin with you tonight
I have to be to work at 8am. Kids are out. Today the principal tells us we can come in late 2moro...8:15am...wow! That's sooo late!
Gee I'mmo miss the sound of obnoxiously slurped coffee at 5:30 am when I move.
Brussel sprouts and quinoa for dinner. Can it get any better?!?
Going to knotsberry farmmon Sunday. Great.
Oh yeah, imagination.
Does this mean everyone will stop commenting about soccer? I was just starting to enjoy it
Cena as champ. .
Yeah well im not fat
So labour is fun....
I love total hockey!!
OH NO! Facebook Was Down? OH NO!! WHAT WILL WE DO NOW?\n
Thanks LNP, great job. .
.I feel ya. Australia just returned asylum seekers to a country that punishes people for leaving. So proud...
Thank you for stealing a day from our family vacation.
Great. I'm sick. Amazing. Just amazing.
So much for always being here for me J. Thanks.
Just love the able bodied douchebags who park in the closest spot to the gym door.
Grand.. They lost my bat bag... No big deal it's only worth $1000+ of equipment
Just drove by a hair salon with the name "peace love and grilled cheese"
The kind of I'm going to be.
Getting asked out by 30 year olds in line getting groceries is definitely the way to start a romance
Rockin' out to in the car with on
Mean Girls Two is so bad it makes me want to punch a puppy.
They like to use hands to score, in .
Spain should bring on Diego Costa. is not doing good at all.
None! They were copy cats.
Clearly it's LeBron's fault the Heat lost guys. Averaging 28.2 PPG in the Finals is simply terrible
Joe Nathan would have made that save
If Neymar was playing Brazil would be winning
A summer cold. Just what I prayed for last night.
I love when ban someone and they make 37 more accounts to spam your chat.
So excited for next week when all the kids in my area are off for summer
Who knew Matt Adams went to Slippery Rock? I had no idea. Thanks ESPN.
Me encanta lo buen hijo que soy
Hey atleast there's a lot going on tonight
Love to find pics of me! (not my pic) God damn, I'm so "healthy" ...
Good to know I'm a four years old again.. Good to know.
Why yes, that is indeed, exactly what I needed right now...
Jonny Gomes came up big in that AB.
Thanks Twitter, for letting me know I favorited a tweet with a notification. I wouldn't have known I'd done it otherwise.
oh at war with myself- it's always super fun!
Why insult someone when you can in a tone?
My life is so exciting
What about jack in the box?
It's party time.
Cena wins. Shocked the fuck out of me.
S\/O to my fellow youth showing up early to help
OH WAIT YOU CANT because someone could blow up the tower, or someone souls climb it and kill me
The people in don't understnd
Society will probably blame today's decision on women's inability to negotiate...
Well this will be fun
Damn lovely night I'm having.
The best part of was knowing my wife and my mother were chillin' like Dylan. if I my everyday was today.
Yay longest shift ever
If you're using legal &amp; reasonable means to try &amp; improve your working conditions then your dead to me! Please unfollow
I'm finally dling the latest episode of BATB so maybe, just maybe, I'll be able to gif Cold Case before 2014 ends.
Any football on today?
Is Sepp Blatter watching v thinking this game would be so much better played in 45 deg heat in Qatar?
Human Anatomy video: "skeletal muscles are used to move the skeleton." HOLD UP. WUT. SINCE WHEN.
THANK GOD Farrell left Drew in for that AB. He fucking scorched that ball!
dont you just love it when you get those turns spot on before you perform, and the butcher them on stage when you actually perform?
Life Hack: skinny jeans pull bitches!
Yippe for being up this early.
Diffusion and Cell Transport yay!
At and can't load Facebook on LTE. Thanks !! also
I love how the internet takes a grain of truth adds in wild speculation as fact then jumps off the bridge into a bed of total BS
You've shown how professional you can be...seriously you're the best!
Maybe emails are in ...
So glad I'm back at work so I can throw away garbage! -_- !!
Everyone should experience flying out of the Manaus airport at 4am after England v Italy
Iran vs Nigeria has not lived up to the expectation! I was looking froward to a cracker!!
I just lost a Charity Shield today with Porto, thinking about rage quitting myself.
Always good to only hear half of a story....ahaha no .
The first Kenyan to score in a world cup is a LUO. UHURU sponsored Harambee stars to go and cheer him. Kudos mr president.
So Levi's Stadium is gonna be windy and swirly just like The Stick was yaaaaayyyyyyy
got a drinking ticket last night. FUCK YES!
Yeyyyyy its Monday....
Last night was terrible... So looking forward to work tonight...
My life keeps getting better
What a cross..
Kupchak called Gasol the most skilled big man the league has ever seen. Glad he hired a coach last year who maximized his talent
What an amazing end to a great day
There could be a going on now and people would still care more about where is going.
Daddy gave you $100,000?! Yowsers! Definitely not spoiled Lizzie!
Going to vs for their semi annual sale, someone hold my credit card
Getting really lucky with the fireworks this year, aren't they.
Women in games can be like the new Zombie apocalypse game.
It's hard being a teenager in modern society. When the only thing that truly matters is being Retweeted
Had to sprint to get my ferry ticket right before it took off... I had my action movie moment. but it felt like it to me.
aw tomorrow's the last day of school.. that makes me so sad
Guests guests guests.. Life can't get more perfect hah!
I am so glad that the people that I buy glitterand glue from now get to decide what kind of health care I get.
CJ is gonna talk....great
Stay late at work on a friday...no I dont mind at all Senior Chief
Omg you do hookah omg you smoke weed omg you drink every night your life must be so cool why can't I be like you.
Yes, all metric system nonbelievers were punished with death by guillotine.
That seems like a really sensible move when the BBC's impartiality has been brought into question.
Looks like has eliminated more of "Hamas" targets
Stoked to work for 10 hours on my birthday!
A guy just yelled \" nice horse\" as I was walking Zoie back to the barn.... I'm sure he was just checking out my horse
Let's keep tearing down fellow evangelical believers b\/c that's so helpful and effective before the watching world!
Tried to call Camden council &amp; of course they're on strike. B/c they're being abused with their atrocious working conditions?
Extremely cheery nw...
Thanks for the support and boost of confidence in my career path.
Wedding night was a blast... Freaked out drunk bride and no tips for us valiant workers.
Good guy SCEE partially breaks psn so you avoid spending too much money during summer sales
I lovveeee it when Caela takes my phone
Back to back World War Champs
Today has just been supercalifragilisticexpalidocious.
These replies are coming in so fast I have no idea what to do with them all!!!
I adore those teachers that make you feel terrified about an exam :)))))))
So glad hot dog eating championships are televised, because that is quality TV!
I think I just saw throw up in a bottle on the side of the road...
Kinda bored, anyone want to go to a restaurant and cheer on lol
Miami put in Beasley, desperation mode...
You haven't lived until you've tried hospital eggs
Oh wait that's a lie, I'm doing summer school. Yay.
Mantra omg best nyt evah.
Wow glad to be home with my happy family...
I really love how sunburns hurt like hell even though you haven't touched them at all
Besides, I already have an evil plan in works. You know how I do.
I've twisted my ankle and wrist with in 6 months this year. How damn lucky am I!?
Yay for delayed flights
$SPX down 1% from all time highs...
Getting sick...just in time for the family reunion. Yay...
Met het niveau zit het gelukkig goed!
I love when gov't call centers tell you they will call you back due to long hold time, yet you are the next caller.
Utah is so sick
Love how much things have changed since last year
I just love spending money on bullshit. Because it's not like I work hard for my money.
Who knew the garbage disposal was in the right side of our sink...
Going to bed with wet hair, gonna look totally awesome in the morning.
Pitch looking unplayable for England's opening game ...looks like we'll have to resort to the long ball.... forfucksake
Oh seth rollins won.... no wayyyy
is good for the brain :))))
As you can tell by me almost burning down my house, I'm an extremely intelligent person.
Mass transportation in LA is so dependable.
what a fantastic night to go somewhere topher's wife! &gt;_&lt;
to everyone using their gun today instead of firecrackers.
Holy shit im missing the great snow shoe carnival! What am I gonna do? I only go for the chuck a luck!
Proud to be a Banglasesh Cricket team supporter :v\n
Why dont Repubs investigate\/expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
So excited they're playing summertime sadness on the radio again.
Listening to my dad and grandmother judge people for no reason is one of my favorite pastimes
12 customers in an hour..... its gonna be a busy one
Just what America needed.. another singing contest show. I'm uber excited. Time to sell my TVs &amp; nothing on
Shout out to chipotle for scheduling me at 8 am tomorrow... I'm so thrilled right now
I love being told no.
I found something else that makes me want to stab myself besides the sinus headaches behind the ear. HOORAY.
LeBron is such a loser, 2 titles in 4 years, all four years trips to the finals.
The sign read "slow trucks". I did my best. They weren't happy.
Super excited to dig a 100 foot ditch that's 1.5 feet deep. Especially since the only tool I have a shovel.
No, I'm just here cause I was looking for a shortcut to the kitchen. I
OMG Rock Simulator looks amazing cant wait to stream it
Omg cheer earlier was totally awesome
I never doubted you , called for your firing on twitter or booed you at .
It's absolutely beautiful outside. Remember to spend most of your day doing something you dislike.
Cespy strikes out on an offspeed outside pitch - color me shocked
This DeAngelo guy sounds like someone you'd LOVE to have in your organization
Yay, a rematch of Smackdown's main event for tonight.
I love the days when nobody talks to me.
It's Saturday. I'm wide awake. It's 6am.
So why the bullying campaigns? Doesn't the first amendment protect bullies?
. Look up Beta in the dictionary, and you'll find your answer ;)
It's been two months since the last time I went to gym~ My master would gladly welcome me back at this point!
Shoutout to for ALL their help
I just love it when you do that one thing that you know you weren't supposed to do
Thanks for just sticking around low ceilings. You're right, I didn't want to fly today...
In my room, on my bed with the lights out, and my laptop brightness is set to low.
You know what though? It's not like I had to sleep this weekend. Not as if Monday is this HUGE day. lol no not at all
If only dusty was still here RT : Bunt Mez, right?
It's muggy in here tonight, should make for a pleasant sleeping experience.
I am making toast at 1:10am because I can. So crazy
.Thanks for engaging.
As I have grown older I realize that everyone isn't possible, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake!
Every time I look at you I get a fierce desire to be lonesome.
Yet I still not sleepy. Thank you so much again nescafe.
I had no idea that Mondays were 'set your own speed limit' on Texas highways
Being a coward is so fuckin noble
I leave the room for 30 secs &amp; my sis changes the channel to an old episode of SNL.
Fucking hell Manuel, sort it out. Letting your nation down son
\": Palakpakan po natin ang lahat ng mga nagdagdag sa trapik ngayong umaga. *slow clap* \" - :))
100 degrees tomorrow. Yay!
if is the authority on soccer, why is there no \"S\" in the acronym?
can't wait to drive in this rain all the way to b town then have to drive all the way back at 12
I don't think there are too many things I enjoy more than listening to crickets chirp outside my window at 11 o'clock at night..
Love running errands!!
Oh, And Gas Is Cheap Here! $40 To Fill Up My Bullet Tooth Tony ?
I look so attractive in all the pictures I've been tagged in from last night...
Lukus, are u going to celebrate your 1 month anniversary in malaysia? Or perhaps 100 days? AHAHAHAHHA
a little surprised that the didn't challenge THAT foul ball too
I love it when I get spammed on Twitter or IG or Facebook or any other social media outlet.
So Ronaldo scores to give POR a lead and gives the US some hope. Think he's bucking for an MLS gig?
Thank you wjec you fantastic exam writers and being so considerate of how much we need to learn!
Sitting all by myself at allies grad. Gotta love it.
Is there a ball going on at Wembley on Saturday? Don't think have mentioned it at all
Be a great day if my heavily devoted father rocks up
ROFL!!!! Ronaldo is sooo good guys. Lmao
Thank you, I didn't know it was thundering out without the tweets
Hmmm, i wonder if LeBron is going back to the Cavs...
God the first three Jak and Daxter games were so good but I just can't do The Lost Frontier.
Crazy ass day
House parties with teenagers are always fun
Lucky me. Tweets from both and in one year!
Apparently in America they are inventing software that can detect on Twitter. Oh yeah, great idea!
And all this time I've been uploading the wrong picture on Eido's
He gelled his hair now.\nSee him score four now.
I love going 10 mph on the interstate, thanks Moorhead!
Love getting the invites.
Immaturity sometimes astounds me
Yes! On tornado watch! Well my power does keep going off...
Such wonderful news at the dentist....
Watching after my day shift with another day shift tomorrow.
Apparently me not missing reports is when in reality it's
Yay... Grocery shopping... Sense the
Wow so much excitement to start the second half.
every month on time.
I guess in soccer it's okay to bite other people.
My household probably enjoys all the random stick drops I have caused
Oh yeah I definitely love it when people steal my tweets and Instagram pics and then get more RTs and likes.\n
Dunkin donuts is so fast at getting people their stuff
Man I love working in wv
The boyf's snoring is really making this babysitting enjoyable....
Wait, did the sun set tonight? That's a first.
Yeah Kendrick. Way to go
Love when people don't text back..
.oh and keeping Palestinians under military occupation, confiscating more land is real just.
I love when people take suicide as a joke and also people who think people who kill themselves are stupid.
I'm missing Gloriana so Queen can be mean to me!
Its GREAT fun.
I love being lied to
Nobody cared about me more than you
Got thrown in the pool while still asleep.. not a bad way to wake up
Maybe I should check into work everyday on FB. I mean apparently its cool to inform the world that your at the gym everyday
Que fucking locos
Selfish and self-conceited people impress me. I'm mean, we're all selfish but some y'all take it father than I ever could.
I love texting no one all day
Heat fans have left the game early. Bug surprise!
My brother is honestly the funniest person alive
Love getting passive aggressive emails.
I just love how you've been texting me today
Been catching some lately, time to put it to work! Its sad blew it after all
I feel so appreciated
Guys, I am really smart
So glad I work on this beautiful day
Nice touch, Zusi
Why do I have such an exciting life!?
I love working 8hrs straight with no lunch
kayla was being a snob in maths today and i'm not pleased with her tone... i cannot deal
My birthday is next month. Great.
I'm so excited for work tomorrow its crazy
Thanks for explaining what context and appointment means, prof, I had no idea.
Now why don't you leave this planet and migrate to another one.
: There's still stoppage time folks, anything can happen...
So glad Barca have signed Suarez. I mean last seasons failures were down to a lack of goals &amp; having no one biting opponents
Its understandable, he is a Goat
nothin like a good ol 22 mile bike ride
really thought FOMC would be catalyst to get $IBM back to 200
This game is mega-dull. Townsend and Tyldsley and their sparkling wit and humour repartee ain't helping.
Working in the rain is the best....
.It is , Democrats. :-1
so when are katy and rob having kids together
I was so happy to wake up to more snap chats of fireworks!
Waiting for the doctor is annoying, I mean they could at least pamper me and give me food while I wait.
i love it when my chiropractor makes me do exercises in front of her to see how out of shape i am. im being . i dont love that.
Trying to explain to my teacher what a is.
Makes sense that the best score award doesn't get screen time, it's just the music, for a musical. Not that important.
Omg..that goes to prove how smart I am. . Lol
Weather is beautiful I feel great today is a good day to a roofing
Why are fans voting for Bobby Grich in the all-star game? Didn't he retire 30 years ago?
\"o: la forma mas baja de humor pero la mas alta expresion de ingenio\"
Apparently, there was a thing that happened at a soccer game today. Can't seem to find any details about it online, though
Just saw my hair products are gluten free.. Phew! Don't want anything holding me back from the gluten free bandwagon!!!
Oh how I've missed being in the convention center for the entire day.
A lotta love for Rooney on here
Doesn't every girl love feeling like you mean something to a person, and then they just throw it all away?
.Yeah, because Lebron wants to add more rings to Kobe's collection.
Selena is exceptionally beautiful, but I don't find her talented.
Because of I'm missing out on the once in a lifetime opportunity to watch in Medellin, CO thanks a lot guys!
Yes, it was my intention to be ignored when I messaged you. NOT.
I like to blast my music at the gas station so everyone knows what a I am.
Tight match until last minute... Could have gone either way...
So ask me for my &amp; 10days later still no , their gets better by the day x
only has 73 K's this season. Not bad when you consider his power numbers...
Thank you for playing an ad for the Purge while I'm alone in my room at 2 in the morning. Really. I applaude you.
My favorite part of coming home is taxiing around the runway at LAX for 25 mins.
I just loooooove one word answers
Only till . We're going to see Scott tortured, Derek MIA, and Stalia happen. :) Great!
What's with people asking my GOOD name ? What do they mean ? ? ?
When people send me snap chats flicking off the camera I totally lose sleep over them, so go ahead keep em comin ..
Good to know that if I'm not texting first we're not talking
I can already tell this is gonna be an awesome birthday
Smurf lord is hart hart
The big emergency is that you have to look at 1D guys wow I'm so glad I helped.
Can't wait for practice in the heat.
Now THIS is the game everyone has been waiting for! I am EXCITE
hit and runs are my favorite.
If anyone needs relationship advice, holla!!
oh how i love staying up all night to write philosophy essays
Thank you phone for deciding to do a completely wanted factory reset after I update you. Great start to the day!
i love when my roommate decides to water my window.
So far I predicted the first 2 picks right .
Is it fair that has 1 more follower than I do? No, it is not. Not fair at all.
I just love the quality of Apple products
Every once in a while i check up on people i hate to make sure i still hate them !\nI really do!
Wait did we score or something?!
Boy howdy do I love surprises!
David Luiz with a powerful strike!! almost get their second!!
Have to wake up in a few hours yay!
I'm glad my headache just got worse!!
How funny is that ....hahaa
Take of makeup or stay in warm bed... Wow thats a tough choice. .-.
I can see unicorns and pegasus
Thanks Katja for your excellent service
Classy bitches drinking wine and eating cheese
the shit list continues... THANKS GUYS for making wedding week soooo much less stressful
Yay!!! I am sunburnt hurray!
well this is awsome
I guess it's time for we of Irish American heritage to be offended by the violent, leprechaun stereotype at
but then, that might be considered cruel and inhuman punishment ;)
Put cleverley on, all fucking useless
i hate the stereotype that muslims can't ship gay ships, cause you know, they're all homophobic.
Don't even drink and I'm god at beer pong
I just want tickets to see NZ play against USA.
So funny of oomf to call at 3 o'clock in the morning.. Like I wasn't expecting that at all.
Glad to see you've finally moved on there, champ
Well that was a fun drive home from my Mom's in Fairfield :-/
Right.....Time to do the washing up.... Fucking hate doing the washing up..... Is it possible to train a German Shepherd to do it?
Actually I give a fuck but nahhhhhh
Es algo mas (8) gracias haha me recordaste algo mas...
Can anyone send me a decent pick of an african american adult female? I want to create a fake facebook account. thanks.
Being a parent means occasionally answering tough questions, but mostly answering, "are you watching?"
Sorry, did that need a tag? |
So the are going to pursue to get Price, Nance, Daugherty, and Ehlo, to come back, too.
Yeah, that's totally not an offensive comparison
Relevancy at its finest
Oh you have makeup on? Never would've guessed..
Oh yay. Wasn't using the OFFICIAL hashtag. I fail Twitter. I've been away for too long.
I'm enjoying this as much as a bikini wax
Thanks,that made me feel good about myself
Some mornings it feels like I'm in the opening scene of the 'Lego Movie'
if is the authority on soccer, why is there no "S" in the acronym?
My summer in a nutshell: eat, sleep, wake up and spend the entire day in front of my computer/phone. Summer spent well
Yay my day off is being spent watching my favorite sport.....baseball
Hot flashes are super fun when you don't have AC...in July.
I love those sermons that basically point out your current faults and tell you to get off your bum and fix them
Singing in the car by myself makes me believe I'm American idol ready.
Yes we all no Devin word can be trusted .
So.. Happy 2014'th birthday America.. .
Pumped for Instagram pictures of fireworks!
OMG FC Santa Coloma scored!! Cause that game is more important than the Argentina one
Always Seem To Get Ignored.. Its Cool Seriously ILYSM FOLLOW ME
Oh great, my ear hurts again. This is going to be fun. let me guess, this means another this week?
Child-less people: Don't you just loooooove boarding a flight that has several dozen toddlers?! .
I'm glad to see the decided to reinforce the status quo rather than grow the party...
Well this day started off great.
I don't think I have ever seen him do that before
So there's a plane circling our house 30 minutes after we call the cops but still no cop car... I love henrico
What a boring weekend of soccer!
It sure would be great to have 90 minute lunches. :-/.
. Best weather application is the window.
Kawhi Leonard is 22 and finals MVP, I'm 25 and eating del taco while watching games of thrones.
Let me heartbroken thrice
Well. Sounds like Indy is going to just burn and die from this tornado.
Being put an hold for 20 minutes and forced to listen to terrible music? I just love calling customer service!
Dallas roads don't have pot holes.
I'm tired yay
Every girls ideal Friday; washing &amp; detailing their car\n\n
My dad said \"tomorrow night it will just be me, you &amp; Kim\" Yay. Hooray.
You know what I like to do? Blast bad music so my neighbors can't sleep.
Perfect time to be talking about Jeter: during another players at bat.
Not even 8 in the morning and I already spilled something red on my white top. Great. Happy Thursday.
At the ortho...the day just doesnt get any better
I'm breathing Omfg!
Thrilled about getting my wisdom teeth removed this morning.
Thanks to all the snapchat stories that told me it was storming last night! I wouldn't have known without you.
Sure hope my purple button up flannel didn't look like I was "asking for it"
Hey Lord and Taylor get dumber workers who don't speak English please!!!!!
At least I have friends......
Man this is just a great called game!
wow if the disappointment would continue a little longer that would be awesome
People just don't get my . Maybe I need to hooollllddd it out moreeeee....
Woke up an hour before my alarm. Today won't suck at all.
Sleepovers at Trenton's are always so fun
Rain in Omaha...Shocker!
Hey look Kyle Busch wins another race. I didn't see that coming.
This qualifying session is so exciting!!!!
That "awesome" moment when you find out something on social media...2nd
Double shift Monday! I can't wait!!!
The are always on top of their game for those sellout crowds.
Wiping hard drives us how I'm spending my day... What about you?
Hell of a parent you are!
Love getting O's/Sox instead of Giants/Padres on . It's not like we live on the West Coast or anything.
have only ever won one World Cup game after conceding the first goal...fantastic.
LOL so true RT : You know what the city needs.....more election signs.
I can't read all my spam because I've to mutch other tweets :/
Fireworks at 2am, in a public park no less. Brilliant idea chaps. Thank the gods I didn't have be up in 3hrs.
hey does anyone on twitter know anything about the lebron situation?
Holy fucking shit could this week get any better!?
Yeah Hobby Lobby, let's just keep oppressing women. Because that's a completely okay thing to do in 2014.
Nothing like a bitchy attitude to make someone the best person ever
I do miss those long nights covering
Blue are winning. OH THIS IS SUCH A SURPRISE, HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?!?
That fantastic feeling you get whilst hammering and you hit your hand rather than the nail or stake.
Molim BHtv da nam puste Dinu Merlina da cujemo i mi cujemo tu novu numeru
OL gets dominated in a padless scrimmage. Season over.
and wouldn't you know it? The one day I don't watch &amp; somebody scores a whole bunch of points.
How could anyone ever discuss sexism with fucking men around*.
this day cant get any better.
Excellent Customer Service from website down, call the ticket office, wouldn't honour early bird price
It's my favorite time of year...
Sore throat + colds + cough = OH JOY! Waaah. -.-
Flight attendant "Hello everyone and welcome to the greatest city in the world, Des Moines Iowa!"
I just love getting locked out of my apartment.
Awesome!! I hope its another origin story! RT Today's rumor: A standalone Ben Affleck Batman film planned for 2019.
Wish I was out partying tonight! Instead I guess I'll have to make s'mores
Taking the bus. Oh how i missed u.
profound intellectual arguments in less than 140 characters
Feeling the luv\n
All these April Fool messages are so hilarious and original.
Stiffler screwed Gail.
Best Father's Day present; "you're dad is in the hospital with a collapsed lung"
3 run bomb Edwin. WE'RE BACK IN IT BOYS!
My favourite thing is being lectured on the internet
.cc: .She wasn't biased at all!
I love when people don't tax back.
Aha. I just can't complain. "My timeline is just myself and ."
It is sooooo hot in my office. Must be me.
Well this day was productive
Dammit! What better way to spend the long weekend than getting sick and channeling my inner Barry White?
Does anyone know who this guy on the heat is? He's sorry lol.
Call me today.
Happy "Get to pay rent for an apartment you don't currently live in" day!
.stance on the anti cruise ship flags? Charge with treason and heresy? Re-open old city jail?
Glad I take no part in your life anymore..
and I freakin' adore those ones
The sound of cats shagging eachother outside my window is so lovely to hear at 2:20 in the morning
Today is just going to be so much fun in this heat!
I never know people are together by the repeating IG posts
Sooo who's ready to watch Russia vs South Korea. If you thought this was a good game just you wait!!
So thinks Brazilians are generally crazy, violence loving folks. Great journalism.
Man, nothing can boost your mood quite like having no plans on a Saturday night!
I think theres a game on today. Nobody seems to be talking about it or have an opinion on it...weird
ahh the peaceful sounds of family vacation.
It didn't happen unless you have a picture of it.
Cleaning today at my house, always fun
God people stop being so sexy and cute and stuf, geez!
If m intentionally not wishing u on ur bday; this is 2 inform u that u r no longer a part of my life; good ridden ;)
Shoutout to my mom for leaving my door open run
Nothing like a song about girls with 'big butts'.
I love being gay sometimes and having the straight dudes treat you different, even when they are supportive people.
Ja mensen, heb vertrouwen, tijdens WK2018 is Danny Blind bondscoach!
To whomever stole my bike from Westbrook: I appreciate the thought that I need more exercise. So considerate.
I love my family because the best way we compliment each other is by insulting each other
I need more sleep, thanks dad for interrupting my sleep.# frustration
Yay, working on 3,5 hours of sleep today after working on 4 yesterday! I have a feeling today will be glorious!
This is the lamest Friday night I've had in quite some time.
Helping the boy with a 4H poster project this a.m. The love &amp; joy is overflowing between us.
So my summer plan is to be a stay at home mom...great just what I wanted to do this summer
Credit to Ronaldo on being a team player and staying on to say well done...
I'm so ready to be in dance mode from 10 am-9 pm tomorrow......
Out of town this weekend. Getting dragged to this music festival that I'm totally not excited for in the least bit.
I feel so prepared for this US exam tomorrow I'm gonna ace it!!!!! :')
Hosmer strikes out. That's surprising.
This is just awesome
It sure is nice to see all those full-blooded American men practicing for the World Cup
So you mean to tell me 2 good games in the leadoff spot doesn't mean you're fixed ?! Wow, good to know.
This day just keeps getting better and better.
Mothers in law. Full of never ending opinions and knowledge.
this day just keeps getting better and better wow (-: ((((-:
Things I enjoy:
Its good that Garth Brooks will go ahead it must be worth about 5 trillion to the economy...
Thanks that helped
Belittling your employees because your afraid of the owner? Professional as fuck.
Hmmm, looks like both Wade and James are going to Cleveland now :D
Some hotels really do customer service well
That Costa Rica win gave the market some wind in its sails
Always so refreshing to find people with advanced degrees who write like 5th graders.
Coz in real life the unfair can't fall apart.
Last minute packing is totally so much fun!!!!
LOVE your enemies; it makes them soooo pissed off XD
got a new crack on my phone, today's a good day
can't wait for the nhl draft!
I'd climb the highest mountain just to be without you!
What's more fun than a MRI? A MRI with contrast!
I'm having a blast
i have been up since 5:30 today is going to be wonderful
What club teams do Clint Dempsey &amp; Tim Howard play for?
.Yeah, but the Celtics did it the "right way" ... by trading for guys. No grubby free agents for them!
First day of work
Quality fitness liked my Instagram video... but I'm just playing guitar in a tank. I must be looking swole as hell.
Celebrating my Independence Day by weeping as friends try to explain historical things to me, because I TOTALLY don't know.
Is the Vietnamese girl in related to ? That would make so much sense!
Wes and I are going to play parents. Road tripping with the kids. Yay.
I just noticed the Chicago-Florida connection.
I love when you don't reply
Remember when Liverpool bottled the league.... Yeah let's pick 5 of em for England.. What? They were shit and bottled it?
Sitting at Nyayo House. On my list of favourite things to do.
Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to &gt;:)
Man I am SO glad my family is in a good mood and ready for this beach trip.
Today's drunk tweets brought to you by Bud Light Lime Straw-ber-Rita. The margarita with a twist.
\"Do meatballs have beef and pork in them?\" Nope the meatballs are veggie I can't make this shit up
I got up at 8am on a Thursday to get those god damn tickets for my oul fella and now they cancel the shows? Preposterous.
Yum, nothing quite like a Shoney's breakfast.
I appreciate it!
The ocean smells so pleasant!
Love seeing a Lamborghini driving 40 mph on Highway 111
I love coming home to problems...
Lack of action on first free agent day the \" Calm before the storm\"? \n
Oh good I have two back to back conference calls this morning. That should increase my productivity tremendously!
10K YTD in taxes. Yay........
On look we're making international news again for our treatment of asylum seekers.
So apparently Debuchy is off to Arsenal, fantastic!
Definitely 100% not going to tonight.
they don't understand your
OLHA QUE LEGAL O NEYMAR ESTA A 1KM DA MINHA CASA!! o\/\/\/
So, it's not my imagination
Shite player, can't take a freekick
Wow... Didn't see that one coming
Excuse me Geoff Cameron... Because that's how Jeff should be spelled
wow my wrist isn't even swollen :-)
Guess those so called experts on radio who said Montoya should be in the pipes for the Jets must be getting big raises tomorrow!
Disney Frozen sing along version. What does 'sing along version' means? Can I sing with Anna and Elsa?
Bloody hell Murray. You've done well today.
Decided to drop all my oranges that I just bought on the floor before putting them away because it sounded fun. It was.
I am however offended by the tomahawk chop at games
Bailed hay for 16 he's today what a happy 4th
I'm so excited that I get to work on the Forth of July...
Apparently at time warner, where the distirct isnt even covered by the system I used. Oookay, yeah its traced back to me
Tomorrows plans are church and work. How exciting!!
Wow, \"about the goodness of your heart\" lol
Is there anyone more humble than Kanye West?
Good thing I tweeted a happy Father's Day message....my dad totes has twitter and will see!!
Cameron saw a random Nashville girl wear a shirt. We made you famous, in like, a week bro!
I am soooooo glad that YouTube redesigned their layout yet again
I wish we were playing in Manaus again.
I love watching my bank account drain back down to 0 as I pay bills.
Yeah..I've been replaced. Awesome.
Trying to find a good time to tell my dog he's adopted....
Followed back this random on ig and every hashtag is
I wanna lie on the floor and not think for a month or two. :p
I'm glad all my friends ever want to do is okay Xbox on a hot sunny day!
Hm. The 23rd... wonderful.
You are welcome
Thought I had work today, guess not. No name badge or shirt....fun.
another very helpful microsoft tech support dude called Jasper D told me absolutely nothing about my problem
You have the upmost perfect timing
Let's all indirect tweet about people and not actually sort problems out! Woop
Oh Monday how I love you so
He never scores for in Major finals like
I'm glad all you value in me is my body.
Just the shit I need right now.
I could go on. The is sweet, particularly given the .
Nothing brightens your day like divorce papers..... :\/
They call it 'celebrity' catchphrase yet the only guy I recognise is Stephen mulhern that quality a-list celeb
why have no jobs called me back like im awesome people duhhh
Oh no, Almeida injured. How will manage without him?
garth brooks,croke park+Ireland all trending?did something happen like all 5 concerts getting cancelled.I never heard:L
I'm only watching the World Cup to scout players I don't see during the club season.
I've never agreed with that " is the lowest form of wit" no 'duuh u stoopid' would appear to be the lowest, takes thought
my chest feels like it is being stabbed a lot and it is difficult to breathe, let'sssss doo sommeee comedyyyyyyyyy
That one week of summer was great thanks
Oh nvm my first client cancelled. So now I'm awake for no reason. God I love my job
Thanks gospel singers for speaking every word to the song before it's sang. I wouldn't be able to understand otherwise.
Double standards are awesome.
Working in a greenhouse where the fans blow hot air is the best part of my day!!!!
Oh Yonkers how I missed you
So we have \"The Decision\" and now we have \"The Essay\"....what a jerk
Been a cavs fan since day one!
I gained a follower
My favorite thing is shady people.
This visit is absolutely awesome
FIFA just notified me that Howard was voted the man of the match. Wow, really? Can't believe that.
I prefer persons who understands other take u seriously and u end up getting a life lesson...smh..
Drinking a bottle of root beer with 43g of sugar isn't hindering my fitness progress, right?
Left eye is red, head is pounding, sunburned skin is peeling.... I feel great!
That like ruined my day.
Nothing better than bringing up old memories/stories of how I dropped the ball... haha
New Chevrolet key.... $125.
Oh boy can't wait to play CoD: Advanced Halofall.
Baru sadar kalo Debat Capres kemaren pake lagunya Final Fantasy, HAKI ditegakkan sekali ya di Indonesia
Oh boy, it's Matusz time.
You don't know how much I love being left behind.
How'd Kroos get that free kick over Valbuena?
Have I ever mentioned how much I LOVE waiting. .
It was 4 years ago this time that Shakira blew our minds with the lyrical genius that was Waka Waka (This time for Africa)
Can't wait to listen to ESPN talk about Lebron for the whole summer
It's my twiiterversary? But it can't be. I specifically remember it happening last year.
Sweet! has introduced their first phone (the Fire Phone); I was looking to upgrade my Facebook phone soon anyway!
Look at me just your typical girl dont have no past nor someone that has put my life in a swirl.
Getting my exam results back tomorrow... Oh what I great day it will be :\/ :( .
Okay, I am now being followed by and Better tell your friends to jump on bandwagon b4 I get too big! :)
.Yeah, they're only American citizens. Illegal aliens should take precedence.
I'm sooooo cool
I love reading about feminism and how oppressed I am as a woman. Please tell me more.
I love nothing more than burning...oh wait, I love glasses tans even more! .
I love how yu never tell me anything&lt;3
Today has been so lovely
I guess the fine Art of is Dead...
Paying to pee in the liberty!
Gotta love SoloQ, such nice and friendly people.
You know if you read Moby Dick a second time the whale and Ahab actually become good friends!
The players really looked like they meant that!
Well that's not too bad it's only taken me 2hrs to update &amp; backup my iphone
Found another letter for D. Apparently he's in a disability job network and never turns up. I'm so shocked
Oh and I have an ear infection. This just keeps getting better and better.
Family trips to the doctor are the best 'sgotproblems
Having a good cry at work is always what's needed.
Such a bloody great idea to stay up drinking till 2am when the kids come running in bedroom full of beans!
No pain .no gain . run bitch well thats a motivation
I just LOVE being up at 8:00 AM.
Love the fact that nobody ever hits me up for anything
school tomorrow YAY
Stephen Drew on pace to play 30 games and get 6 hits (exaggeration) for 10 million that's a bargain!
Our traffic enforcers can tell you your plate number even if you hide it in the trunk.
Wow Pepe's a strong bloke
Playing hangman, so much fun
But at the same time it's so attractive when guys follow porn sites on twitter
...Other than that, can't find a thing wrong with it.
Let's just say I feel GREAT
My mother just loves me.
Sa sobrang GANDAAA ng shots ko grabe nakalimutan ko nang maging humble, nakalimutan kong may kailangan pa pala akong matutunan.
Ms Thompson you too... And do you realise that you called exactly what you did, Stupid...
These umpire classes are grand. pretty sure I know more about baseball then all 7 of these other people combined.
Isaiah Thomas and Greg Monroe are the BIG FA splash for the Woohoo!!!!
I have the biggest migraine ever. The cons of being a pro trampolinest.
Best part about my Saturday pointe class: Getting Chipotle for dinner afterwards
Guys I'm seriously starting 2 worry about the happiness of all the celebs who need 2 knw me 4 theirown good!\n
Is there any Football on tonight? I've not heard owt on Twitter about it
Eventually they realised there was an entire flight of people still in security queue! Well done
is my body's natural defense against stupid.
Aku mmg xkeja. Duk rumah jaga lemak ja. \n
Now we get to watch Rosales (goofy looking self) run crazy fast on his homer trout if he ever hits one, oh and when he walks YAY
It's a shame the are losing.
I love it when I feel like a failure. Its super fantastic.
That wasn't creepy at all
Ok panic averted, the bank didn't lose my $1500, they've just \"temporary misplaced\" it. I feel better now.
Oh yeah. TOTALLY!! MMA is JUST like this.
Really love baseball today
.apparently it's ok if you make a living providing sex. But you're not allowed to make $ speaking about it.
You gotta love it when you text someone and wait hours for a response and get NUTHIN!
Only jesus on earth..Is Raptor Jesus and the lovely Crab jesus. Get your facts straight religions. GOSH!
This bullpen rocks!
I removed a picture of me showing my hairy balls from my smartphone's gallery. Now tweet about that, stupid morons!
Hearing the Oilers are upset that the Canucks got Sbisa. They really wanted another 3-4 defensemen for their collection.
I love my wife's cooking
Check out my new album.. Destination Is Unreachable....
Yes YOU, I Love you So Much that i'd Gladly leave the task of Deseeding Green Chillies Midway to Embrace U with a Tight Warm Hug!
I love how awesome the bullpen is.
transformers won't be full tonight.
Stalking is good :3\n
If my allergies could just get a little more intense my life would be complete
Just passed sign in "your tax $$$ subsidize wind energy." Good thing your tax $$$ don't also subsidize big .
Best my favorite part of the entire build is about to happen, plugging in shit and cable management
Microsoft updates are so important that I don't mind at all when my laptop unexpectedly closes what I'm working on and restarts.
This day has started out just perfect.
Orange marmalade is gross.
this is just what I needed
yeah soccer is sooo boring...
Your move, &amp; ! Who cares about bowl formerly known as Beef 'O' Brady's? Raise $ to get a BCS bowl. Orange? Rose?
Prestasi pemain Madrid seperti Marcelo, Casillas, Ramos, Pepe, dan Ronaldo sejauh ini di WC 2014 luar biasa sekali...
My week just keeps getting better and better
At least it wasn't a shutout cause THAT would have been embarrassing.
Almost half way through my 14 hour day at work and I'm having so much fun!
BREAKING: After spy scandal - downgrades to NSB, to CIB and threatens with downgrading to USB.
Oh yeah , way to make a blockbuster deal!
SIx home runs at Werner Park tonight is a joke. Someone needs to push the fences back in Omaha (or Sarpy County).
Jaime Glass... er... Garcia is injured again? Impossible. I don't believe it.
Lots of screaming in the hotel lobby. Wait is there some sort of important game on right now?
Doin hella shit tonight
Edgy life. I say what's on my mind. I am pro-choice mostly because I'm broke and I can't afford to support another life.
Yaanoo just ignore me im cool with that
Kane is just the first of many CEO's from the construction sector rushing to to testify so they can achieve real change.
Watching Italy &amp; Uruguay in a 1st half that can only be described as riveting.
Joseph o Brien take your cap off fantastic ride on alben star
Wow cousin keep going and making fun of gays and lesbians and black people because it really is funny
Literally love this.
There's nothing like your car being written off to top a superb past few months
Ooohw. I'm scared.
\": TSAKA BUMOTO RAW KAYO! Hindi daw kayo bumoboto eh! \"
For those who want to I agree completely... So that we can start that other premiere league midfielder that we have
Up in four hours YAS orientation
Watched a activist video on the real events of Syria. Good job to the world and United Nations. For doing their job
\"I took the road less traveled and fell of a cliff so I climbed back up and took the paved road.\" - Melissa Gaffney
should I post a super basic picture of the airplane wing? yeah, no lol
Nothing better than being surrounded by ten middle schoolers on the train ride home
People blaming social networks for the destruction of their relationships, not like you had anything to do with it. Right?
Today is off to a wonderful start.
30 shots in my back
Judging by all the tweets from other drivers, must be a real jerk.
Me encanta andar asi ...
I can't believe Melo!! Leaving the Knicks and before the nuggets!! What a terrible player! He should have some loyalty.
I would much rather work than watch the USA game.
I played the best basketball that iv ever played today.
Just saw an advertisement for SHARKNADO 2
Another mad because I'm not religious with emojis haha
Wonder I'd Bruce would have caught that HR, if he wasn't at first?!
time for work and i am so thrilled
How does one simply do her hair for graduation when its raining sideways? :)
BEST WEEKEND EVERRR
Mark Jackson doing a great job at nonbiased commentating...
It's quarter to 12 and McDonald's has one person working registers
I love it when people try to tell me what to do with my life.
I love being rushed an having to leave the house half ready...
\"If you understood a bit of humor, your life would be more interesting\"
There are few times I feel more blessed than at 5am on a Monday.
I LOVE searching around the Sims files and looking for anything that might break my game.
I love when people go to bed cranky and wake up even crankier
Omg... It's 11:45... What a lateeeee nighttttt!
No sleep? No...ok I wasn't even tired.
I love when people don't respect your dietary needs.
Wait. Is there a hurricane? I had no idea.
Florida fans are the best.
work is so fin i cant get over how much fun i havve here :)
TV shows about sad white rich kids who are sad and rich and white and ugh boyfriend drama, so relatable.
My new video got out for 5 hours and it only manged to get 21 views ... wow I'm so motivated in making new videos now :) :/
I'm shocked that Devin didn't get !
Really glad our first round pick is happy to be in MN.
I absolutely LOVE mind games.
What a shame for Nico Rosberg
When I say it, it's so ignorant,
Just heard birds making a mating call so thrilled Ill be able to witness it
can officially buy a scratch card,yeh amazing likes
This summer is the best winter by far.....
Up :00 in the morning just got twitter! \nMy night's lit
Wow, FIFA get tough with ! Banning him for 4 months and 2 days pay! Wow... just wow!
LOVE IT. NEW BATTLEFIELD GAME BEFORE YOU FIX THE OLD ONE. THANKS
I wonder what just happened in the game. I hope someone posts it on twitter or facebook
That was probably the most exciting 15 minutes of my life....
For such a peace loving and non-intrusive country there are a lot of other people in the world who hate America.
I love having neighbors that want to share their music with me through the walls...while im trying to revise!
I just love weeding all morning.
Being ignored is so perfect.
And yet more football.... I'm not even sick of it....
I'm so excited to be in school today
I'm thinking about responding to all office emails with ...
Really responsible letting a staffy run loose in a kids playground !
pede na raw tayo mag boyfriend! .. hahahaha happy father's day!!
Another injury for Joel Embiid? I can't imagine anything bad coming from drafting a big man w\/back AND foot problems No.1 overall.
Cause if wal mart lost power then I guess the world should just end right now!
Well this Friday is off to a good start
Shout out to the huge spider that just fell on my face ...
Today has been such a good day.
Well the Guardian Pyralos bugs are fun
Fellaini really is an exceptional player with incredible technical ability and vision
It's nice to see we've all moved on from yesterday and are focused on this game.
to be exact! MT : I'm surprised there are no hair accts for Zellers or Seifert?!
going to see with my 8 year old neighbour... can't wait!
We'll having bad days and weeks are always fun!
People are "boycotting" Hobby Lobby just like they "boycotted" Chic-Fil-A. Look at you, posting on Facebook and making a difference
Aside from Marcelo's own goal, Real Madrid players lighting up the tournament so far
If Applebee's makes me put it in a ponytail, I'll probably just quit.
\"The barbarian invaders on the steppe to the west were finally crushed for good\"-Murphey, thanks for that assessment.
At the dentist. Mornings I love.
If my nana could make a little bit more noise thaaaatd be greaaaat.
Well this is just FABULOUS.
Can't get enough of this British summer weather&lt;3
Gettin my wisdom teeth taken out tomorrow yaaaaaayy
Literally haven't heard a thing about Messi for months. Good to see you all out again...
Wow I'm so glad I have friends here.
YES I get to wait at the Pahrump DMV!!!!
Cheska's input is always appreciated with me
Can't wait till I'm older to be a mathematician because I'm gonna get a perfect score on the trig regent and do the math forever
Yet I can't fall asleep in my own damn bed.
Waking up to someone groaning in pain, best way to start your day -.-
Please Brazil, keep playing with the ball in the defensive third. It's sure worked for you so far
Accident reduced by 15%, people gave a real smiley &amp; friends talked with each other while eating
tries to relate to poor by saying she was broke after leaving the White House. Ok, NOW she has my vote.
Okay so that wasn't creepy at all
out of due to goals from Balotelli, Suarez &amp; Ruiz. If that isn't reason to cap foreigners in the PL, nothing is.
Night one of sleeping in a cast...can't wait
WOW. You look nice...who dressed you, the Great Depression?? aha! Burn~~
Why is the US using DC's \"I believe\" chant?
love how Lizzet texted me the pictures of today
An apology via text? Wow, that's so heartfelt. (especially since we're in rooms next to each other) lol!
New phone. New Me.
Missing : Hatta Rajasa. Last seen : Preparing for debate on metro TV
Cause that's definitely what fans of these characters definitely wanted to get out if this outcome.
I kinda feel bad for Portugal... Ha!
I will never be an NFL football player. Who can I sue or protest for this egregious inequality.
All our tweets r wasted
I am SHOCKED that a Tinder exec. is charged with sexually harassing a female co-founder. SHOCKED, I say.
I have been up for hours. 20 to be exact, and more to come..the last thing I wanted today was to step in dog shit.
I'm gonna keep drinking, I'm gonna keep smoking because I love this sh*t? Great message being spread by this "best" new artist
fantastic crowd - everyone's getting rowdy
Too bad no one put fireworks pics &amp; video on Facebook &amp; Instagram last night.
That's cute ! You can subtweet
To Truckee or to not Truckee, that is the question!
Wow, you have a temper.
namiss ko yung maulan, rush hour, pauwi, mrt ride, heavy traffic.
jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa endlich Disney Fantasia music elvoved, da kann die Ps4 einpacken
Facebook seems to have a knack for knowing exactly what people to show on my news feed.
Best game of the so far.
How bout that sunset...it's so...visible
I'm sure tupac would of been impressed by new song
No CP24 live stream for important news stories? Bell for the win!
How the fucks a going to use ?! .......
Oh, great asking questions on the 175 conference call. This should be terrific
Oh yeah I can come in to work right after my surgery.
STFU, Chris Brown, there ain't no such thing as a loyal hoe.\n
O Brasil entrou em campo?
sociopathic child 2: "dad? Where's your anus?"
Always love starting my day off in a bad mood
Does SCOTUS have a Yo account? Would be awesome if they could just Yo me when the Aereo ruling is in.
No way! The chances of that! The chances that somebody from was likely involved with the illegal selling of tickets!
Lol!!!! RT : Manu causing turnovers in the finals? Never seen that before.
It's America's birthday today? Hmm I thought I was hearing random noises in the sky. Lol
Well thank god ms ruck gave us an exam outline or else I would just be reading the whole textbook all night
Who likes ?
Wayne Rooney joins USA fans in Las Vegas bar to watch World Cup on TV
My favorite thing is when people ignore you until they feel offended by something you did/didn't do
Bite a football player on the biggest stage and you get a move to Barcelona playing with Messi. Seems like justice to me
Always comforting to come home and be told there's a bat flying around your house somewhere. I think II'll sleep well tonight.
Hey, I wanna fuck you, so I'm gonna send you a short video of someone fucking someone else. You horny now?
Huge thanks to the neighbors with the really loud barking dog I really didn't wanna sleep this morning anyways!
OMG another random concert out of no where and totally not staged!!!
Perfect way to finish an amazing weekend,by falling off the bed and banging my knee!!
hahh that was realll funny.
Not one with a silly face.
I wonder what the ladies see in multi-millionaire Donald Sterling?
Wow wat a fantastic day
Ohhhh joy world cup starts 2moro...cant contain my excitment...
HALF BELIEVER AND HALF DIRECTIONER DAW. GAYA PA MOOOOORE!
It's SOOOOO useful to hashtag AFTER you've mentioned them. Make so much sense...
Whoa there everybody don't text me back all at once!
Gosh, , you don't have to tweet every single thing you do. \n
Home again. Oh how I missed no air conditioning,spiders and mold in the shower and the outside.
Be brave, be bold, be true your vision. If it doesn't work in 2 weeks, fuck it - you tried! |
For people who complain saying "sorry just doesn't cut it anymore" I apologize that we can't all be absolutely perfect like you
I really love how complicated everything's getting
Sad day in America....the Hot Dog Eating Contest has been bumped to ESPNews.
This week is getting better and better as it goes on.\n\n\n\nWonder if tomorrow has anything to add
Can tell I'm going to be invited out a lot this summer
\": Summer school sounds so fun \"...... ahah......Ahahaha...... mowahahahahaha. You gotta be kidding me.
:( \": Some individuals are entitled to their stupid opinions, and really,I respect that a lot! \"
All the pictures of fireworks i didnt want to see are on snapchat
So our self serving, lying, corrupt and morally bankrupt politicians have covered up a paedophile ring. What a surprise.
I miss being close with a couple of ppl too actually haha
Forgot to shave my armpits in the shower, did someone say hxc feminist?
Love getting my hours cut a work.
gotta love queer-friendly capitalism
Watching the \"MJ flu game\", wonder who's gonna win!!!
You are a genius Perez!
Damn! Look! Look!! There's.....there's.... PIGS out there!! And they're.... FLYING!!They've got wings!!They're flying!! FLYING!!!!!
Now although I love 10 hour shifts too much of a good things can be bad.
it was so nice of my professor to respond back to me this morning like he said he would!
I love how much you trust me
Morning all, lets start a fun week of work again! Wahoo!
BRob has 3 doubles and a triple now... yeah so glad we dont have him anymore
Great way to start a day by waiting in a waiting room to get an oil change
Glad our government is in such good shape that worrying about the name is not only under their purview, it's a priority.
Sling shots kill, ! We need to ban them for the kids!
Morton starts things off by retiring Bonifacio for the first time by a pitcher this season.
But who cares about swine flu, measles, TB, or scabies. We dont care if Americans get sick
Time to do my school loans... OH WHAT FUN
i always end up saying something that could change everything, haha go ...
It's not like I have to study for exams or anything, I've got all day to deal with this shit website
There's OQ being classy all over again.
Yay for almost a whole month without cell service/cellular device..
Let's rejoice, the intermittent and slow data connection on phone is back! e
Well if Bill Simmons likes the Sixers pick then its all good then, im fucking sold.
I got three rejection emails this morning...which is doing wonders for my confidence in advance of my afternoon interview.
I love the slogan for the US fans
This slugfest has been so entertaining
Just going to sleep my days off away..
I'm Chuck Bass
Wow such a smart pick with Smart
Thanks because I get on every social media and follow bands to look at some stranger's boobs.
I hate when I end a series in Netflix and then I have to find a new one worth my time...
I had the pleasure of joyfully laying down paper towels on someone's vomit that was laid out next to my game.
single thing in your room...it's appreciated... (2/2)
I twitter searched the letter "B." 3rd thing to come up is "Brazil riots." Shocking
So my baby does this new thing where she cries non stop for hrs for no reason. Its great!!!
So then I guess players not of the same ethnicity of the teams\/countries they're playing for shouldn't participate either
wow too bad there's hardly any Brazil fans at the game
I am so worn out, work was tough today! Annnd now, I should probably be job searching, oh the joy!
It's cool, it's not like I was busy today or anything.
One of fav things to do in life is to find things out indirectly
Habislah Liverpool musim depan takde Suarez. Mesti down gila. Tak boleh kalahkan team kuat2. habislah Liverpool huhuhu
It's a shame we don't all know baseball as well as Rick Sutcliffe.
I haven't listened to "Marry Me" since cheer season and it just reminds of what a good singer I was
Never realized how much I'm wanted at home... .
Fred to score 6 and Brazil to win 6-5
Love the feeling of Mother Nature knockin on my door saying I'm back!
Isn't it fun when you're out for a jog and Mother Nature suddenly decides to go *BOOM* and *SPLASH* and pelts you with rain?
If time is money then I need to borrow a few weeks.
Changing barometric pressure, how I love thee.
Love the changes are making! Dumping Drew, talks of moving, trying to move Big Joe and now ice girls. Were winners!
My dad left to Brazil for the world cup
Ow Sayaaa hebat sekali
Why dont Repubs investigate/expose the socialist political leaning of scientists promoting the global warming hoax?
4 am loves me
It's amazing how no one tells me absolutely ANYTHING until it happens..
Well. Law test time. Wonderful
I'm already hungover and my birthday festivities haven't even started.
O yay! Classes all day for my insurance licence
I mean, talking insects? How bizarre.
That was a nice ammount of effort made
just extended Felton's contract for 4 more years after learning he will not be jailed.
Very excited to have a needle stuck directly into my eyeball tomorrow . The worst part is there's no way I can avert my gaze.
A fan just ran on the field...
Jason Davidson won't sign.... He's too young.
*drops something* "if I was any smoother I'd be a smoothie" -me
Soooo glad I got Uruguay in the work draw....
When has lived here for two months &amp; doesn't know your phone number or recognize your car...
Wow...actually watching the livestream
Good for John Cena he never wins anything.
You seriously have the BEST timing in the world.
Been away for 9 days....what did I miss!
Yes Hunter, I want you laying on top of me in this heat.
On facebook for 10 seconds and I feel like I need a shower followed by a labotomy.
I won a match at the Midwest Closed can I go pro yet?!
If this night gets any better man
Anyone wanna make a special trip to Derby with me today? Gotta settle something out.
Hey I'm not quite sure yet, should I ? Haha
Well, wire coat-hangers are readily available everywhere, still, right? There you go.
I love the timing of events in my life...
Nice to see that FFP is being enforced so vigorously.
Oh yeah I most definitely see the logic in that...
Great! Here come the "fans!"
And I truly hope I can now fully enjoy my subscription.. No more downtime! Thanks to my 1 day is a waste!
Let's give a round of applause to these NCAA umpires for seemingly making up rules on the fly
Great best friend you turned out to be
Nemamo sunca iako je leto zbog ... Zli Ameri uskratili nam radost kupanja u suncevim toplim zracima koji plene zivotom.
My day just gets better and better.
I love living in a country that feels like winter all year round...
It's been said before and it will be said again, but today it is my turn, "the blows!!" So excited to go back Friday!
Sore throat and runny nose just what I need with some busy days coming up.
So happy to be working on the Fourth of July...
Such a shame that Uruguay are out of the World Cup...
If I don't tweet about the World Cup then obvs I'm not doing it right
This next summer semester is gunna be real tough with this one class
Shorter ; I call on &amp; to pass another bill that will never be enforced, TY
Tired, stressed out, and pissed off....it's a great Thursday so far...
Glad you treat me the same as everyone else.
I'm pretty sure nascar is paying someone to have it rain. That way it's more commercials they can run during the rain delay
Creepy comments on your account can only lead to this very deep wisdom: internet is full of weirdos
OMG...did you know LeBron might leave Miami!
Well that was an entertaining first half
Me; I'm finally happy.
Be grateful I can still buy my Kiehls midnight recover serum
Been a good couple of hours since arsenal signed anyone world class
I just read the dumbest twitter fight to exist and it was filled with potheads and their infinite wisdom while being high.
Burkes, overalls, glasses, disheveled hair.
Getting sick before Independence Day is awesome.
Stepping in fresh dog poop never gets old
Love how the weather can go from sunny to storming in 2.5 seconds.
Lol a two strike hack from fat juan.
So happy towie has started again lol
I'm constantly torn between the \"be kind to everyone\" and the \"fuck everyone you owe them nothing\" mentalities\"
I'm going to let y'all in on an accurate source I use for tropical season...the national hurricane center.
Pero asi me encantas, eres bien romantico
Laughter louder on THE inside. Are ACLU Lawyers still relevant to racists on the outside. I wanna be a part of you.
They're playing a game in this child development class... and talking about periods... yaaaaaaay
I love mowing 4 hours a week
Just bumpin medicated in the work truck. The boss loves it
another dance game... cant wait
Ingles de 9 a 11
Really loving these panic attack dreams. They're super fun
Ready for drill tonight! Can't wait to learn how to deliver a baby in the back of an ambulance!
Playing for a draw. Soccer at its finest.
Hiccups at one in the morning are so much fun.
And even the dentist, today....
So much glycogen it's sickening..... Lmfao
Good job Zach...pissing the HoH off during the first conversation.
The spurs just played the best first half in playoff basketball. They're so boring guys...
. Everday lovin it
Let there be light
But, what happened to Team Korea? Did kpop soften their spirits?
Great weather for planting garlic.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH... And I forgot HAHAHAHAHAHAHA YOUR SO FUNNY!!
I'm so that I read everything ally..
.is raising their service fee 127% for flights?!? And they provide such a great service.
9 years ago today I made watch doctor who with me, needless to say it had no effect on his life at all
Babysitting my nephew for 4 hours starting now. Yay!
Wow you told me you hate her yet you're hanging out with her thanks bud you're the best!
Babolat rocks the grass. Sure.
Did USA soccer score? I can't seem to find anything on my timeline
I'm so glad I tuned into just in time to see win again.
Another day without a working computer is always fun.
Love hearing about the rude\/inappropriate\/unnecessary things my manager has said about :)
I love how my iPad reminds me to get back to work by randomly crashing my apps\n\n
I'm really enjoying the incredible analysis by all the new constitutional scholars on fb/twitter.
And England are eliminated..
Unexpected turn of events.
I wonder... How did the Universe survive all these years w/out all these "healing oils" ppl are using?? Gosh.
No need to watch the third....
Wow. The Blue Jays hit a homer off Marco in the 1st. Who could have seen that coming.
My skin all of a sudden looks shockin today on my face :(
Sorry to everyone who is about to be spammed with car show pictures from yesterday.
So I guess Lebron made a decision.
Just a Fantastic idea by Farrell putting Gomes in the Clean up Position!
End of Annual Leave &amp; onto a weekend of nightshifts. MY FAVOURITE!!
Was the poo 'rigged'? In which case, an apology and a fine should be enough.
lol ": Lebron started the game HOT and then started passing passing passing passing. But he the GOAT tho"
Is there some sort of storm going on? The weather looks quite nice.
Teen whining she wants to be treated like an adult while she posts about love w\/ bf of 5 wks. yep honey u r ready to be an adult
Nothing better than finding out you passed your geometry EOC by 3 points.
Gotta love guys who drive trucks!
Agaisnt for allowing Viagra and vasectomy's,how dare the say the penis is just for pleasure and not to transport seed!
I don't know why Devin would leave the bomb squad. A nine person alliance is a great idea!
Thank God this dude is over here screaming.
Love it when my officemates come in and talk spoilers across the room at each other about shows I'm looking forward to watching.
My prayers go out to those in the
If you didn't take a picture of your meals prepped did you really prep them at all?!?!
Love when someone takes a job from me
Sexist gaming be damned, I'm gonna play Battlefield! I'm still pissed about \"professional girl gamer\" out there
The only problem with is that, it only works with intelligent people.
Looking forward to hearing who saw who at P&amp;L last night. Obviously the most solid explanation for their struggles in KC.
Twitter live asf rn
yay! can't wait for IPK to be a yank again: RT : Scouting The Trade Market: Padres' Pitchers
is still not stable at all
Honestly love that somehow I'm following 70 new accounts??
I get a funky bright yellow or green top bc I'm working in the sales next week
Torres super sub
I wish someone would send me a bubble witch 2 request!
It's bad enough that I have to work the 4th
I have to go have lunch with my dad that I see like maybe once a month
Love being so angry I am nauseous
Guys calm down Germany hasn't won yet
Mamam aja sana sampah. Cowo kok enteng aja sok ngeyakinin. Lupa kalau bukan cowo mah
Damn I didn't know phones only rang once now
Me? Weird? Bitch please, I'm limited edition.
I just love when new people around the poker table make stupid commentary about the progression of the game
Fun activity tonight: sort through all of my Google contacts since I didn't save all my phone numbers before resetting my phone.
Thrilled right now. Totally thrilled.
When it comes to transportation, the LIR may possibly be your best option
Thanks everyone posting firework videos and pics forgot what they looked like
Everyone is upstairs watching football. I basically RUN this place.
The real question: why hasn't Lebron taken his talents to Recife and joined ?
Glen Johnson playing well always
so someone is asking you for an advice? that why exists \" answer\"! :3 \n
I love ppl who tweet more than 1000 times to Mickey or Luke or whateva they want to follow them or notice them
Oh no, its okay. I love being treated like crap
Yay! Park time with the kiddos .
I guess people were too pre-emptive in the 90's making Top 10 Pokemon lists for Red/Blue. There weren't enough Pokemon.
Quite the offensive explosion by the since coming back to Fenway!
I have a slice of red velvet cake that I don't even want. 1 day old. From Cheesecake Factory. Smh. .
Michael Bradley looks like he's in fine form again
Omg can't wait to cross train tomorrow
Anyone Can Get This Body.:D
So glad my sister took my red white &amp; blue shorts with her this weekend
Medicare D, No child left behind, patriot act, those were wonderful
today is another Middle Sunday for Wimbledon ... traditions ...
Zach Wheeler isn't going to be on the NL All-Star team? Are you sure, cause he's pitchin a gem.
I need to get a life, currently checking FTSE and deciding if i need a subscription to
after today at least i'm able to tick off my to do list to go somewhere i've never been before
I'm really happy that all the pictures taken of our dance recital were taken the night I wasn't dancing!
So I passed the essay which is 0% of my degree... The best feeling
Just got told I was a disgusting slimy leech... But it was a joke. Ha ha. So funny.
and inspires me most in life!!!!
weekend vol werken en leren.
Cheers for being there when I need you the most
Oh its off to a great fucking day
I love the feeling of waking up, realizing u slept thru ur alarm, have to leave in 6 minutes &amp; haven't packed anything yet.
Sure is awesome sitting here in my seat going nowhere. Been sitting longer than the flight time.
Can't wait to work all day tommorow
What a great pick Grizz!
Just what they need in the break room-a TV!
KARYA audition full house kut. \n
Waking up at 5:00 AM for five parades tomorrow! This is the life!
A guy just yelled " nice horse" as I was walking Zoie back to the barn.... I'm sure he was just checking out my horse
Is an ERA of 81 bad?
Love getting hit on by old men and weird teenagers at work.
Mention that tweep that does not understand and takes it personal
Awesome fireworks in the rain and a long walk home... Typical night out in tbay
In such a great mood.. Ha
omai 2 goaltjes. Nu moge ze hoop hebben
Pacers finish third at Orlando Summer League. Can't believe can win title this early in Hinkie's plan.
Summer homework is so the best
Somebody needs to increase the budget and get them new computers. I mean, 7 crashed during the peak of targeting.
Being ignored is a lotta fun
To show solidarity w/the , the Patriots have announced their team will now be known as the "Drunken Micks."
Wow, that 'Please RT' thing really works! Thanks guys!
Awww it was 9:11 right when I got on break. .... how cute...
Isn't it fun when your parents talk about colonoscopies at the dinner table?
Cena deserved the win because you know the man has never been champion in his entire career.
We have only been speaking for two minutes. Try not to waste all your in one breath.
Congrats to signing with his Anoka townball team. Great accomplishment! One step closer to his MLB dreams..
I love being ! It's like second nature to me...lol!
Getting giddy, a real life signing!!!!!!
What a good day it's gonna be
I love getting my work on at 5 on a Saturday! #$$$
What crappy defending! Even I could do better
Me,myself and I. Couldn't ask for anyone else!
help my twitter timeline is to drunk to drive home tonite.
Thank you to all my friends/family who came into the spa today -____-
Where the heck does these random ppl come from....msg me all you want I'm not gonna respond!
every where I hope nobody is disappointed XD
pat yuh... &amp; call yuh man name
The joy of getting a text asking if you can open in the morning! I just love my job!!
Kids with attitudes are always my favorite ...
I wonder why they did that?
Just a few days to the world cup. I'm so sad I won't be able to attend. No!
great freakin way to start off my day
All day long it's Witt and Sass carrying on in this head of mine. One always trying to top the other, but still creams them.
Following 33 people really keeps the news feed fresh.
Germans always start off strong Let's see if they can finish this time
So glad the World Cup is starting to distract everyone from the Rangers failure to secure the Stanley Cup
Do people not realize I'm the only one allowed to be sassy and in my house??
Sure no atheists is ever an atheist because of lack of evidence for gods (always trauma, daddy issues, wanting to sin)
2go \": Your favourite Social Network? \"
What is the left flag? Let me guess. Somewhere in Chechnya?!
Hell of a day. And to top it off with the ex...
Feeling the love this morning....
Perfect time for my hand to start hurting
can we show our boobs a little more in our pictures? definitely so attractive and classssy :-)
Love waking up every hour..
You know it's a great morning when you drop and break the bowl with half of your oatmeal in it.
I missed the last night, and to my amazement, it's showing again NOW! I'm sooo soooo surprised!
No we watch as someone who all this is about asks us to stop. We will all stop because we obey the mighty based banons.
Wiping sick off the car, love so much
Good thing I totally didn't need these work pants. Man, I can't wait to wait three weeks so I can actually afford pants again. Yay!
How convenient that Hambo can really go for it on Fuel but Rosberg's been told he has 'no extra'... letting them really race!
Yes, recovery sure is great. RT : Duh, we fixed the job problem ages ago, right?
I've been notified by that Marcos Ambrose is actually 1st Mexican to win a NSCS race.
Been a productive day
would just like to kindly thank my dogs for barking so I wake up
ITS WOMEN CRUSH WEDNESDAY WHAT AM I GOING TO DO WITH MY LIFE IF SOMEONE DOESN'T MAKE ME THEIR WC. \n
Oh god, there's just too much banter now Alex is back, it's unbelievable
The biggest benefit of being Irish is the summer long sunburn
I love this time of year. When all the hipsters argue over which band/singer is better...
I may have to rethink my stance on religion following the truly mindblowing information in my last retweet
I'm so proud of all my friends for turning to drinking every night and getting high all the time.
Dang, I really hate I missed such a great chance
So glad I used my gas for this.
LOL...it really is that simple!!
Oh yeah i slept for like an hour.
RURRRRGGHH IM FROM THE HARLEEEMMM WHEEEWW, fuckin trucks and bucks. HELL YEAH. There are normal people from here too.
Hobbs people are so nice.
Oh are we in Austria? I wondered why everyone was wearing lederhosen
Speedweek picked a good week to race on
Screened me ow that one really hurt
Woot! Woot! are LEADING Tribe 22-6 in LOB game
Breaking news: is NOT a nutritionist.
Damm dude mexico would fersure win the World Cup of they had Cuatemo Blanco
Please everyone please tell me how American you are!!! I'd love to hear some more!
I can tell how pretty you are with all this lighting on your face
HA that crap is some right there. I bet the kids in Africa who die of starvation are saying the same thing!
Sorry, guess I shoulda used instead if grumpy last night but not interested in buying anyone's main action.
I'm all jacked up on Mtn Dew! ...and now I can't sleep.
I love ! I wish there were a bazillion more.
[only promotion follows]
Wonder if the moonians are just as nuts as us earth folk
It's been 20 minutes and I'm still laughing.
LOL! Boateng and Howedes as full backs. Great plan Low!
Local news...this should be good
Another for the . Awwwww what a shame.
You're right I didn't reply to your 6th DM ill reply to your 7th.
Oh no! Spain cud b the 1st team out of the competition! Tears rolling down my cheeks....NOT!
Arjen on the pitch. Ref from . What can happen?
Hosmer with great hustle on that pop foul
Phew. Glad decision "narrowly" applies to just contraception, not to wacky beliefs restricting science &amp; civil rights
Okay so 3.5 hours in and I am still - the hazards of trying to underice a cake in a warm kitchen. oh the joy....not
I feel sorry for Kevin Love and all of his problems. I mean, the guy has it rough. Dang you T-Wolves...
I love when I'm invited places and don't have to sit at home alone on a holiday.
Sweet! Android software update! 4.3 to 4.3! Wait. What? You're awesome .
I love it when crows wake me up at 5am.
has a 60% chance of advancing to finals according to ESPN without Neymar\/Silva. Nothing suspicious there at all...
Oh WOW!! A private concert! Totally NOT expected!!
Ugh, The TV will be on for the next 3 Days straight LOuD, so the Kitties don't have a heart attack every 2min.. Yayyyy **
In the best mood ever and really feeling super prepared for this exam tomorrow
It's so nice to see people so in debt having the time of their life downtown every weekend
Gee Alonso was super excited in his flag waving to start the race.
My favorite person of the day: $43 total. $1 tip.
Gotta set my PVR for when LeBron has another tv special of which team he is going to sign with.
Cant wait to watch the intense rivalry between Japan and Ivory Coast. Some real bad blood there v
In case it wasn't clear, .
i need to pee, im hungry, and my leg hurts
I am just full of great ideas!!!
Maybe has something to do with it. April 15, 1922
Betapa cepat lelaki lupakan 'seseorang'? Adalah kadar 15 saat.
Hmm, who woulda thought that someone knew me better than I do.
It just keeps getting better and better.
Oh look, the new CoD. I'm so surprised. I'm so interested.
By the end of the week my family will be living in the Salt Lake Valley. And I'll have to find a new job.
Me- "Noooo wayyy!"
That good night text was awesome.
So Eileen can have outs in her contract to do DAYS, but BM can't have outs to guest on other shows? Yeah, that sounds fair.
Anyone know if team USA plays today?
There were some pretty crazy parties in Crawford county last night
thanks for getting rid of our coach
Oh how I just love almost getting run over by a semi on the freeway
Bought surprises for my parents yesterday &amp; got a lecture on how I need to save money for textbooks...AWESOME!
Yay! I have to get my wisdom teeth removed!!
Brazil needs a timeout!!!!
$SQNM after RIP Ariosa it looks like its RIP Natera is next - Amen - oh wait they sell in Brasil (reimbursement it best down there)
Looking forward to playing Costa Rica what with us being good at defending set plays
Well glad that draft saved.....
So..LaBron is coming back? Pardon me while I try to contain my excitement.
S/O to the rides supervisor that just gave me permission to drink water.
Yay for Monday
Packing last minute. Great idea, Kim. Great idea.
First day of summer classes. Yay. ?
So strange....my flight is delayed and at the wrong gate. I swear this never happens....
Here's that... lineup. HA --Adam H.
Waking up at 3:30 am&gt;&gt;
This black eye I'm rockin' is just so darn cute.
Recieved a reminder email for Eminem... Like I need a reminder!!!
30 minutes into the match, you'd expect Messi to have two goals by now.
Been rewatching Twilight, glad to see she does character development in the third book...
So, does play for Portugal? The commentators never talk about him. At all.
I'm so happy some hillbilly decided to save his massive firework display for 1:30 AM
Already starting off to be one hell of a bad day! Man a can't wait for work!
Oh...Justin Wilson is a better choice. Totally better choice.
I just love everyone.
I sure wish I could live off my parents and never have to work even after I'm done with college.
Instead of a penalty shootout in the game, let's just have both goalies guess how many jelly beans are in a jar!
anachem lang yan. sus!
Oh, sorry, there was a mosquito on you..
Boy I'm glad I'm about to have another night where I can't sleep but have a lot to do.
I read the words expert packing tips. Is that a thing? Can you get a packing degree? How long does it take to become an expert?
Sooo ... We are in risk of evacuation which is great
Just a random thought. What is the national weather of Pakistan btw?
Two rejections before lunchtime. Its going to be a good day...
So I've spent the last 5 hours in a hospital....that was fun.
Yeah because OBVIOUSLY I get all da bitches.
So did we score?..
Can't wait to take Brooks to his 9 month appointment. He's refusing his nap and will definitely be evil.
Hello hope you find this tweet and all my other tweets beneficial to National Security
the iphone 4 quality just really brings out the amazing lighting and quality
Me encanta que me picheen
I can't wait for everyone's snap stories and Instagram pictures about fireworks!
Did USA score? I can't tell based on my twitter feed...
Some people don't.
Donald Trump can pay the other half of the deficit, cause he's such a nice guy.
So thanks, , for that stellar customer service.
Don't worry guys, Halo is back!
Well done Johnson, great 1st half
Being yelled at first thing today is great!!
Ooh, I got to wake up and clean out the fridge. Lucky me. :-|
So this puta is mercy killing animals and saving the African economy? My hero!
but how am i gonna survive 26 episodes worth of jaejoong?
So the Algerians who did not make the French team are now playing the Russians?
ehhhh... it's alright, I suppose :) RT : The game of hockey is just awesome.
So of course Cam Smith is still the best no. 9. I mean he picked up the ball and put it over the fucking line.
You know what I think the Dallas Stars need? Defensemen. They should draft some.
Arrow s2 starting here on Tuesday week. I'm pretty sure it's finished in the US already....
He was an animal in the paint, but wait now he can't do it anymore so he's not dominant
Ever wonder what losing 31-10 and allowing 10 QB sacks gets ya? It gets ya in the Power Standings. Congrats !
Robbed again!! wished I hadn't stayed up late though!
Such a terrible day floating the river
Sleeping on the couch tonight. Seeing that you now know that I exist &amp; what I feel for you, i no longer am getting up. Hey thanks
My favorite part of my allergy attacks are the sinus headaches that follow.
Tanks deploy. Extra awesome.
woohoo pacific rim 2 cannot wait woohoo
Finally home. Not only was the driver almost 2 hrs late. He broke our only power jack.
Note to self. Tweets about and get retweeted a LOT more than tweets about media stocks. Who knew?
Zara's a aint she.........
Hard time sleeping last night. I've got something going on today, &amp; for the life of me I can't remember what.
Um, why hasn't Steph had the dancing gimmick yet?
I absolutely love not knowing how cars work at all.
This tiring period with lots of fake people ends! Ends!
Like, seriously, stop fouling up our PC gamer master race.
So I'll be looking fantastic in my uniform.
Can't wait to not be able to take left turns in town.
I hate it when someone sends an \"\" then 5mins later a follow-up says \"never mind\"!
One kid in tears, one stomping around. Whichever genius thought up summer math for elementary kids gets the Nobel.
Hooray beer delivery and our cellar door is broke so I have to carry 20 cases and a keg to the basement
