To the female terrorist who blew herself. I mean you could've just do the "jihad sex" and go to heaven, why bomb yourself??
Reading the tragedy, thinking of A MONSTER CALLS &amp; having seen TFiOS last weekend I'm feeling all kinds of sunshiney!
\": When people ask stupid questions, I feel obligated to give answers.\" killed the cat!
That'll be the BBC with its \"left wing bias\" there, of course
Awesome save from Akinfeev.
Well this is just a bed of roses
Thanks for ending the Cesaro/Kingston match on the app. West coasters that watch it on DirectTV really appreciate it.
But TS4 is so Fun, tactile and Amazing that it doesn't need 64x64 lots
Raging virus come at me bro. Probably going to have the busiest week this week, just what I need.
Football ? No ? Ok welllll game 5 is tonight ... Yay who still got the Heat for a comeback series win ??
Malaysians who CAN instantly locate Bosnia on a world map ARE 99.99% QUITE LIKELY unable to identify the exact location of Rwanda.
Just read article indicating that \"Honey Boo Boo\", has \"turned into a 'visibly troubled' monster child\". Stunning development.
Love being 21 and barely doing anything
RT : you wow. You amaze me wow
Heavens, she should resign from life, yes?
born 1700, died 1965. omg there's a vampire in my tree!
Hooray, a wonderful blood test!
So I guess David Luiz's goal was decent. . Without a doubt a and one more reason to love the World Cup
If Monday were shoes they'd be Crocs !
Good start to the night, leaving the bases loaded.
Did ya know that bein ignored is the best feelin in the world!! Woo!
Thinking something is worth the effort when it's really not
Mommy, you keep beating me to the other side of the pool. Aren't you going to let me win?
LOVE a late night refrigeration alarm call out when ur meant to be on holiday!
As a fansite, making jokes about Jamie's body and his private life is so respectful right?
Experiencing the joys of traveling thru Chicago O'Hare today.
I hope no one recognizes the nobody as Ariana Grande's brother!!
Oh, it's not like I have to pay for my food or anything. Please, go ahead and eat all of my burritos.
Waking up early everyday and taking a 4 hour nap is exactly how I want to spend my summer days
If the Rockets dissed Lin then the Dream dissed DeSouza by giving Schimmel a "14" jersey during the draft
3 words that make me all warm and cuddly: "Dear Valued Customer" :)
Gotta feel for Ramos.
I live an exciting life...
This day could not get any better...
So, my 7 yr old cousin walked in on me watching Spider-Man &amp; asked "do YOU REALLY like those type of movies?"
5:14 am and im still awake.
Yes, speaker, lawyers (practicing in an area of administrative law) need to know the basics of Chevron deference.
That just makes me happy!
IS GREAT AT MANY THINGS
Looking at old IDs and noticing that I never smiled in them. I actually look a little threatening.
Woodblock is my new saying. Don't use it everyone, I don't want it to catch on.
must have been, remember, it's in the DNA LOL
I have watched cops all day. It's great to be back in Mint Hill
Shouldn't you &gt;&gt;&gt; just tinker around with until you understand its .
So we just need a casual win or draw against the 3rd best team in the world
Wait... Is this show sponsored by or??
Ohh that hurt me so much blocking me on snapchat
I think the anti-Cellino mob are onto something , I mean , he's ran a club for 22 yrs , obviously not a clue what to do
LRT: Vrbata is gonna love the media and fan pressure in Montreal. They accept their streaky players
Hosp all next week for video telemetry
I'm sorry I don't like living extravagant nights at the clubs downtown. I know, I'm such a prude cos I'd rather stay in. UR SO FUN.
Saying you don't care yet you're still blabbing about it. If you "really" don't care. Then. Shut. Up.
Day vertigo. Somewhat better. But still falling over if I move my head the \"wrong\" way. Trying to sleep is super fun.
Awh she loves him and wants to be with him 100% \n
Chaz is being an absolute lad next door making farting noises with his armpits .
so happy my family tells me things
Not that I'm watching anymore, but it's great to see that Mike Fiers has really improved since last year.
Today was great
stole a bunch of cucumbers from dhall to make spa water
The amount of nothing I have gotten done today is quite remarkable
Anyone else find it odd that there's so many Italian fans at the Brazil\/Mexico game?
I love waking up with no good morning text!
Nothing like a Super 8 complimentary breakfast!!!
Amber should've gotten an Oscar for how she threw the HOH competition. It was so believable.
aren't i lucky?
\"I recently auditioned for a movie.\" I'm impressed and I'm not even on this date.
I wish I could get a font!
Irony or - is used to act out the part of a scoundrel or scorner. To play him out and then laugh at his performance.
Seeing Andy is out, hitting a spectator. Waiting for to rubbish the organisers like they did in the Giro.
The day I start is the day I get sick. Great!
thank god it's not Friday the 13th anymore or I might have pissed my pants
Let's not forget that Cantor's loss is a result of the gross manifestation of worldwide anti-Semitism.
sure looks good out there
I look like such a babe in the morning
Oh how I love blood tests! 5 vials today and fasting too. Sat in the car eating my banana before I head to the office.
It feels awesome to be left out of family events.
Don't you just love regular customers who have nothing good to do but complain. 'tcomeatmewiththatfuckshit.con
Gee I just love getting hit on by drunk 40 year old men.
Cuti ea esok? Indah cuti tak indah? haha
He texts me selfies from the dugout.
Practicing media literacy offends some people, obviously jumping on the bandwagon is the better choice.
Crazy delays at Broadview station. Amazing. -
Wow! Sudden disconnection... How terrific!
My boyfriend fell in love with pauline because shes so beautiful wtf? Lololololol
Wow, no filter? no way! I was totally wondering! I'm way more impressed now!
Missed the game cuz my trip home.. I wonder if Suarez bit anybody. stop tweeting about it
I'm so glad I have so much support from my family
Thanks Ronaldo and Varela sincerely, USA fans
Every Father's Day I donate my sperm. And every year I feel more and more celebrated.
//Can someone explain why some people claim to be RP accounts but stay OOC 99.9% of the time?
Run around like a chicken with your head cut off for 90 minutes to score 1 goal , definately seems worth it to me
Great choice to arrive in Adelaide today, it's been the coldest day here in 9 years
Lee Dixon is riveting
Let's not forget that America takes it's name from an Italian...
Eating some sushi for breakfast after a good 5 mile run on the hills
Reading family news on Facebook is the best feeling.
Love it when people link QR codes to flash/non-mobile-friendly sites
My ability to piss people off should be added to my resume
Oh, thanks for taking the time to even acknowledge your friends who you never see. We appreciate it.
Gosh use your brain at least!
There is an inverse relationship between my tweets and the actual game results.\n\nSo... Go ! Beat ! \n\n
I love when my boss gives me absolutely zero facts about a case and asks me to come up with a theory under which to sue.
First day off summer school so excited
How could a hard drive crash cause 6 of her employees 2 lose their Email Proves govt is behind in
I guess i should kiss you so you can STFU Now go complain
You have delighted us long enough.
There's nothing I like better than French-Canadian Reggae music...\n
The beast aka Torres is getting ready.
The idea of Charlie Rangel's political career being cut so short and so soon is truly a tragic thing.
I have now just hid over 850 views on my channel time to get the beer out!
there's so many things happening.
So glad I'm missing the game
Sal swung at the first pitch. Take some pitches and work the count. Instead he kills the rally.
gonna walk away and see where these puts are by tomorrow-
soccer is so boring!
Yayyyy 30 more minutes, the anticipation is killing me!!
Best night evaa! Nothing like sitting at home... with Ariene... doing nothing!
We all have that one whose dad is a and everyone :p
Massively surprised my parcel didn't turn up yesterday as promised.
So. Obama is in . Wow. It's not like I didn't live within a few miles of the guy in
Productive day so far
God bless the ignorant
Just reas that ISIS crucified 8 "moderate" Muslims. Gotta love religions that kill to make their point.
I want to fuck a girl all night... why am i being so romantic lately?
Let's make things complicated
Boyd 31-38 465 yards. 44 rushing 6 total touchdowns. Nah he's not ready for the pros.
Corporations continue to have to much power!!! Thank you Supreme Court for serving the public!!!
It's 3 AM and my sleep is sleeping somewhere! \n'wake up and come back to me' \n
dell'Italia. Che emozione...
Apparently I'm also disrespectful. Btw I have not received a single "I missed you"
Looking forward to watching v should be a belter
Been awake since 3:45. Today's gonna be fun
This is why i love ask.fm people love to hide behind an app to say things to me they wouldn't say to my face.
Logged into my old computer to wipe the hard drive. This is fun.
Gutted I'm not going to T in the Park tomorrow. I get to go to work instead yipee
This new "miner" promotion can't possibly be deliberately misinterpreted, can it?!
Maybe they should force the Redskins owner to sell the team..being racist and all ..
If someone wants a big wedding, let them be. Don't belittle their decision because you're holier than thou.
I just love filling out a huge form and accidentally closing the screen out and losing allof my progress.
getting hot in your pocket? Put it in milk for 10 minutes, the calcium cools it down and removes scratches!
\"FELINE Leukemia, what species does that affect?\" Canine.... yes, you're absolutely right.
Howard...By far the funniest member of the Big Bang Crew
Tigers are only down 7!
Prickly heat to top my fantastic day off
The US, the greatest country in the world where kids go to school with bulletproof backpacks. Take this, . It won't get any better.
followers: it's called soccer. George Washington made it up when he, Toby Keith and god created the USA.
Clarence Seedorf is a free agent after leaving AC Milan? Off to Southampton surely?
Thank you, , for canceling our flight because it wasn't full
Not a smidgen of a threat, Nope no way
Iginla is the exact player Habs have needed for years... Will they go after him? Right after they load up on more defense...
I'm so proud of my government taking the steps to intervene with a nfl team name.
Well... That's awesome
We need to score goals, lets bring torres on.
I'll be in San Antonio on Thursday night. Really looking forward to that.
Gotta wake up in 4 hours
So my modem breaks Monday, but it's ok! Bc will send me a new one Friday! Only 5 days later! How lucky am I?
Can't wait to start working it's gonna be so fun making sandwiches.
Had so much fun sitting in 5 hours of traffic on Long Island....
Off to reading
Single &amp; ready to respond with remarks to any form of affection because that's how I know how to mingle -_- X_x*
wow me and anthony are being so nice to eachother tonight
Funny how internet trolls who launch tweet attacks from anonymous handles. That's some CONVICTION right there.
I would like to thank and for the professional way they are handling the Lebron free agency # youbothsuck
Germany must've scored a touchdown and got a 1 point conversion since the football score is 7-0 now.
This day couldn't get any better.
The timeless tradition of driving around Beavercreek chiefing cigs by myself never gets old
I really like that you understand my because it's an advanced form and not everyone gets it.
Can't hold back all this excitement missing staff appreciation night
Confusing w/ . It's about Muslims being Muslim. Just don't act according to your religion
If you fail addmath , that mean you dont have a brain.
My first "live tweet" and it's my long walk home. So exciting!
Hmmm... Richie Sambora fans being rude &amp; pushy (according to RS FB post) Gee I'm shocked!
I love working doubles!!!!!!
A glorious day, is following me. Wahoooo
To all England fans - don't worry we've got this shit. We can't fail! Welbeck is starting
I can't wait for the 9 am fire alarm test at my grandmothers apartment tomorrow
Went to bed early last night. Woke up to see the bullpen pitched well again last night.
so totally not wasting my summer ^^
Retail therapy my arse. More like you need therapy when you realise what you've spent. Plus achy feet just adds to the pleasure
Ah yes, another day of "people who aren't lawyers pretending they know why things happen the way they do." Always fun.
Spurs are the world champions but congrats anyway.
Ooo they got josh McRoberts and washed out Danny granger oh shit game changing
Scientific fact: if you ignore your problems, they will go away.
Sweet. I'm glad my best friends wished me luck on my audition tomorrow. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
reminder that pot bonuses and not participant entries are the measure of how alive a game is.
Relax, Netflix, eat, shower, relax, Netflix, sleep.
You know what, fuck , fuck , and fuck . You guys fucking suck.
Being ignored yet again. How I so love the feeling
Kontento na? Ha?
oh yes I don't smoke or drink or do anything you nymphs do oh no I'm not worth anyone's time boo
Broke and sick. Best combination ever.
LOL ...love your
Going home and sleeping for like the next week
I got into Blinn, so there's that.
Makes complete sense.
Sonny Johnson is such a credible source....
Such innovation on the dancing genre!!
Another day in paradise!!!
I loved staying at that restaurant for FIVE HOURS.
Never understood why LeBron would text reporters every time his probability of going somewhere changes
I just love talking about crushes
Sad how people aspire to get \"fucked up\" all the time.
told wife the plate was just too much hornets stuff &amp; her response \"oh so that's where we draw the line...makes sense.\"
oh good job, masterson! way to give the angels an easy run. seems to be your year!
Tired as fuck. But I'm awake. If you comprehend, you my friend are fucking awesome.
Tidur sepanjang ptg...bagus azhif keep it up.
who needs birth control anyway?
there's absolutely nothing more relaxing than a spa day hearing all about the sex she has with her boyfriend with crackaline
what a great day to spend completely alone
Ahhh complaining to the Refs, you don't see that every game...
If native groups don't like the , they shouldn't have settled in the way of a pipeline.
My summer class did wonders for my GPA........
woww..the weather is so bad todayy..that must have been why they cancelled the parade..
// When Kathryn can successfully start an argument with someone she's just met....
You're always so considerate....
Sometimes a guy with a dream, not necessarily a nice one, declares his dream to be shared by millions...and oh he becomes a Caliph
Shopkeeper: tut, foreigners.\nMe: ummm yes, damn them; buying your wares - with the money. \nJust why \n
Well, with out of form that's great news for ! (Not)
What a re terrible decision by Price to put him in left for Ludwick
and then you confront someone and they ignore you.....
it's always nice when a complete stranger says hi to you in the bathroom //
That's always a pleasant experience
And almost hit some people on bikes.
It feels so great to have so many people mad at you.
Relationship advice: ignore important convos, that'll fix the problem!
JUST GET ME PREGNANT AND NEVER SPEAK TO ME AGAIN!!!
I love that people can't think for themselves these days
Post-Hobby Lobby, Religious Orgs Want Exemption From LGBT Hiring Order...
Driving an hour on a bumpy road with an open box of soda cans is a blast -_-
I did not need to know that!!
Wow! You are so cool
Yay, a flood warning! That's always fun! c:
Based on these shitty trailers I have really high hopes for this movie.
Oh no! is potentially injured &amp; going to miss the Italy game!..... How on earth are we going to win without him....
Took the goats out yay me..........
I swear my cousins picked awesome baby moms smh
And he hasn't even signed with the Heat yet. RT : Carmelo is a team destroying virus
Looks like Germany are living up to their 'boring' tag as usual
Tyler changed his avi again I'm so surprised
I thought it was because we haven't had any real rain here in months, turns out it was Obama
I wouldn't have ever of expected Lebron to go to Cleveland :-\/
If you can't deal with my s, then do not ever start a conversation with me.
I didn't know to be a housewife I have to have Botox laser and fillers? Is this true cause my hubby needs to know.
Life isnt a garden. So stop being a hoe!
E ti binu ni? \": Some individuals are entitled to their stupid opinions, and really,I respect that a lot! \"
Not sure if she's dating him anymore. I haven't seen a tweet about him today.
Nothing like being behind fried douches for fireworks :D
Kanye West getting massively booed at after going on a 20 minute rant?I can't imagine that,he seems like such a sane dude
Yeah, make an alliance already. That works SO well......
Wow, flag waving at goal
One of those days already. Fantastic!
I'm so glad that my friends invite me to stuff
I think I have the regarding my last retweet... I might up to 150 years old ... Lol...
Great attacking by the US today.....
It's almost lunch time and we still don't have a news budget, and none of the stories I need are ready to place. Yayyyyy.
At WCCC and when I see people I know I just shove my face into my purse ...
And the pursuit of kevin love has picked up. Gee I wonder why
i have had the worst growing pains the last 4 nights and now my calves are cramping and shaking
Yupppp the title of this journal is just "spine".... how unique!
thank god I get to sit in a cubicle all day and don't have to go to the beach!!!!
It's cloudy so is delaying trains.
My dad's on bed rest lol I have yo babysit him yay.
Luvly... just luvly... tnx rain.. quite helpful..
Wonder who the girl (who looks like a guy) is that Kristen was spotted with in Hawaii? sadly
I love being ditched, its so great when your friend wants to go to the beach and then the time comes and nope..... So fun!
My whole timeline is hockey. You'd think the finals just happened or something.
Yeah, but does it offer me "peace of mind?"
Oh! Can't you tell I'm bored?? Humph.
Chest and tris today yippee
I LOVE waiting in for deliveries.
Joey Votto is worth every penny...
Don't sign him he can't score a pen!
Thanks \"bro\". Means alot, .
Never look for leftover fireworks in your car with a lighter. Good news is I now have a sunroof.
Once again, thank you for doing nothing to stop this. I /really/ appreciate it.
father of the year
Anyone know any good site for World Cup stats?
This golden arm is comin out retirement for tomorrows game. Bout to throw all 7.
Fascinated by the technology of 's vinyl! Any of you young kids have a record player I can borrow?
David Wright is hurt now? Seems appropriate... let's face it, things were going too well for the .
Nice job holding that lead Diekman.
Being a dolphin lover i find it offensive that there's a dolphin on the Miami dolphin helmet\n
Or don't message me back, that's ok too..
Wow. Bird is the word douche I sit next to at work claims he buys drugs with bitcoins. I'm blinded by his coolness.
Who gets to go to work feeling like complete crap... Me! Yay.
So...trying to figure out my brand new twitter. Its going great...
Great piece of pinch running by Uggla...
suzy's acting is so bad that her cfs are not convincing to the point you'll spend your money to the products she's endorsing
So...who knows where I can find the stats on how much money was raised by that "Cold Water Challenge" thing? I bet it was millions!
Nampak gaya lepas ni ramai la orang tak post gambar latte Starbucks dorang kat Instagram
number 4 is having a mare ... would be a useful addition to back four v
Man im almost 19 ... god Im old
You know what's fun? When the maintenance people come to your apt and make you feel like an idiot.
OK. Next time I'll use hashtag \n:)
Rahul Gandhi nods off for 22 seconds in parliament, and we debate it on national TV for 20 minutes. Journalism of high standards.
My pet peeves are at an all-time high right now so clearly I've got a lot going on right now
So, uh, I think Germany might have won? I really can't tell
I despise going to the doc yet here I am....Yay me!!
Did Lebron opt out ? Don't think you've had enough coverage of the situation.
girls getting raped at Jason Derulo concert by Jason Derulo entourage
what if israel stop bombing gaza. they might actually stop throwing rocks at israelian soldiers .
Nothing better than the 14th inning stretch!!!
I luuuuuuv getting covered in gnats
I'm really happy with how burnt i got this weekend
people fighting on the bus...
You're kitchen is huge!!!
Sorry, I was too busy with Game of Thrones.
I'm sure glad they showed the footage of Francisco's super-long homerun at GABP from 2011.
Wow i have good friends
and I also had an four-hour exam \nit was fucking nice woohooo
After years of waiting, England FINALLY is as good as Spain! :D
\"to all atheists........FUCK YOU!\"\n\nYou seem nice...\n\n
Leaving for work camp today
Smart play there .
I for one believe that employers should commend employees that go on racist, sexist, bigoted rants.
sokong Arsenal sama macam sokong Israel. Income Israel datang dr Arsenal juga. huhuhu :p
11 hours at coney was pure joy and happiness
I wish I had the money to be as popular as TuQ.
everything is just sunshine and rainbows this week...
I love waking up at 6, espesh for the
Come on. There's Dan Johnson in the minors! Everything's fine. Mike Wilner says so.
I just love how always txts back!!
Wow thats cool, a big digital clock that pops up telling you how long till kick off!
Now I get to pay bills yayyy!
I was just start thinking,what should I freakin' do when World Cup finishes, maybe I'll start yoga or somethin' hhahhaahahaha \n
thank god I'm still awake..
Oh noo! No bees?? Now who will sting me and walk all over my sandwiches?
Funny how internet trolls only launch tweet attacks from anonymous handles. That's some CONVICTION right there.
WE GOT A POINT!!! Yeeeeeaaaahhhh!! Come on ! \"It's comin' home, it's comin' home...\" ???
What an eventful day
Just seen on the BBC that Ingerlund lost 2-1 to Italy yesterday. You'd have thought that they'd have mentioned that before now!
Creed's love for Train /totally/ didn't fan the yoai flames.
Neanderthal: "fuck off!"
Brazil v Germany, without Tiago and probably neymar........!! At least they have Fred.........
I love getting insulted by step sister and step mother infront of my soon to be sister in law and co.
I'm happy to be home..
backing up/archiving files, FUN!!
I just want the whole world to know how exicted I am to go back to work tomorrrow..
Well all we will hear about until LeBron signs is where is a good fit, where is he likely to end up. Can't wait for that.
The company pays their salary, so the company is still being forced to pay, right?
I love awkward moments !
Nigeria wu smile today
i have the best friends ever
I can't wait for new episodes of Not Finding Bigfoot
Great way to start your honeymoon: A horribly rude desk agent.
Luckily my bed's there to keep me company :/
I have two goals in life. Have gracehelbig talk back to me on Tuesday and ladygaga to RT me. Maybe I should reevaluate my life.
Emory is such a happening place during summer.
Yes just take your time downloading, I can wait.
What, is this the new, nicer "I'm in love with Brittany," version of Devin?
Beautiful day at today!!
Love getting put on hold
Three and a half hours and still no power, and no update\/estimate of when it'll be back on. Thanks WE Energies.
Oh GOOD. Devin as the new HOH. Just what I always WANTED.
TC: "We send our salutations and affectionate regards to all and every one, beginning with Jenny the stranger." A little in 1839.
Im looking forward to ESPN covering all of the They do such a good job covering hockey! Picking up the ?
\": Clint Dempsey's Wikipedia entry currently says \"he is the greatest American since Abraham Lincoln.\"\"... cool
Nuevamente para la IUPI, felicidad.
T.I. Responding on Instagram is so gangsta. .
Slept at 4. Woke up at 8. Just effin' great huh??!
Why don't you post more Selfie's.... I don't think you do it enough
The Aussie goalie should have had that. Also, 60 mph knuckleballs are easy to hit.
Lana Del Ray-of-Sunshine
Yes, please keep telling me how you ran in the because one of these days I'll care.
I do love being woken up by my alarm on a weekend.
Nice to see fans stick with their team through the end.
I sure can pick them good ones!
I'm such a romantic person.
I just love driving to Virginia in the middle of a huge thunderstorm
Patrice won that cover? I'm so shocked. lol
It's my fav!
HELP PLEASE!!!! Where are the dots? Does anyone know where THE FUCK are the dots?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm , and so am I!
yay for computers being frozen when things are due!!!
Melky sure played that last ball awesome :)
Well, Bill and Jeremy left this morning to go to a farm auction...who KNOWS what \"treasures\" they'll bring back home!
The Best Are With People Who Can Respond To Ur With Instead Of Getting Offended... :D
Oh how I love days off with nothing to do
well today was a really good day for me xD
You know what my favorite thing is? Having a closing shift and then opening the next day. Fantastic!
Wow, another fascinating football match
WOO!!! I'm excited to wait in line and cross the to from .
great way to show ur support by leaving the arena wit 3+ min left in the game!!
Somebody dove in a soccer game at a key moment and drew a penalty kick that won the game? Get out of town!
So glad you acted weird as fuck.
Yay! The obnoxious motorcycle is back!
So many legit profiles following me lately......
It must be nice not to have a job and having your parents pay for everything
Literally my conversation with Molly is so I can even handle it!
So this is so overloaded some guy is giving me a lap dance. Yay! . Bus B6. waterfront to dunoon. Airport layout
OH I'm SORRY, Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours ?
I love being unimportant
Guess who's suffering in the summer heat and can't sleep because they're in the hottest circle of Hell? Definitely not me, oh no...
Wow, she's a hypocrite too! Who'd have thought that?
What was that from Bradley? (I'm obligated to say he has worked really hard )
Great, now not only can I not sleep...but I'm on the edge of puking. Awesome!
between the right flank and the conservatives
I'm so glad I'm going to Norfolk to spend money instead of working and making it
up with nothing to do &amp; nobody to talk to .
After a 3hour wait in the docs I get a tabs great
There's no spark notes for "daytripper"... It's a good thing I understand the book so well.
Cutting more grass tomorrow, gr8 news\n
Stoked that I will be sitting at a Merch tent all afternoon instead of watching the play.
Overslept and the first thing to happen at work is that I can't log into my computer
Yeees I've got 3 followers xd :D
food poisoning is so much fun
Glad Cruz is doing so well in Baltimore, you know 23 home runs, rangers don't need that at all
another pointless day ^^ \ngreat ^^\ncouldn't be better ^^\nso totally not wasting my summer ^^\n
the Eskimos are sure looking impressive to start this game..
I loved talking to you all day
If bae doesn't like your pictures on instagram, then bae isn't bae
Apparently, this is something I don't have
I love when the dumb drivers are out...
Is there a soccer game on today?
Ewww, waffle batter coated fried chicken????? Yuck. Sounds healthy
And Portugal shoots out to an insurmountable 1-0 lead with 85 minutes to go
Wow ramires yellow carded what a surprise...
*Oops I Meant Killed It
Microsoft showing an fps first didn't expect that
Too bad I'll be asleep
I loved hearing about you hooking up with the guy I drove 9 hours to visit over brunch. Please tell me more.
WE'RE SAVED! Odemwingie is on!
' is a disgusting trend. A round of applause for modern day society.
Your Buzzfeed articles that you share on Facebook about social issues have scholarly merit and are truly riveting...
There's no box.
Not my Mavs, but still reppin' TEXAS. Go Spurs.
This day is absolutely wonderful.
If u do a shake and bake move you get offered by UM 2 days later shoot if it works like that then Coach sign me up for 7on7 please
The phrase \"Geneva Convention\" has no direct translation to different languages.
I love it when plans that have absolutely nothing to do with you, still need to revolve around you.
I love it when people blast Mexican music all night next to my house..
Great Saturday morning!
Hey, it's the weekend! You can follow and unfollow me without being charged
We have SO many women of color acting that we can hate on those we deem unfit for a part? Sorry not your problem, America
So proud to be a citizen of such an intelligent country. Idiots carrying guns, convicts getting modeling contracts....endless list
Finding Bigfoot is the greatest show ever
Pumped for that FIFA World Cup
Oh good, harmonica accompaniment for my evening commute!
Can this weekend get any better?
I'm such an awesome typer that u create new words!
Getting me on hold with the wizards at AT&amp;T.
Please can you post more mixes? We simply don't get enough filling our feeds everyday!!
I've a new bright yellow sharps bucket &amp; script for hospital pharmacy. I'm living the dream today! ;0)
Yay for working a double tomorrow! Said, No one.
Nothing like sleep great before an ACT.
Car shopping is so much fun.
Yes, yelling at me is exactly what I want the day before my exam
It's that time of the morning when I learn all about your horoscope! So excited!
Swisher looking at strike 3..noooo
Thank you dude at big y for pointing out the fact that the pennies are 2014 and super shiny...I never would've known.
Scolding a mother when she's nourishing her child is the best way to get her to stop that child from screaming.
I can't wait to perform aerobics in front f everyone.
Hey guys, USA beat Ghana...I couldn't tell if anybody else was watching
Another weekend with no plans. Yay.
Wow... Really surprised 's Turkish followers couldn't get him a win over in the SC Dem primary.
Thanks to the worker who "risked death" to reach half a meter down to get my oyster back for me. There are heroes walking among us.
CoD DLC first on Xbox. Totally surprised.
So we're getting a multiplayer only Fable? CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR THE MICROTRANSADCTIONS!
One the many perks of having a big family, always being on time...
Each day is better than the last
Don't know how im gonna pass my media exam tomorrow
I'm glad everyone knows how to spell AMERICA.... emphasis on the A.
You know your teacher is swag when she says \"We can buy dem steel sections.\" Wow yaar Vaishali ma'am.
Rest is way overrated! I'll sleep when I'm dead!
Not even home yet and already getting called in early tmr for work. Back to the good life.
Dont blame Gerrard guys, blame Wayne Rooney
my grandma just gave me a stern talking to that I should get my shit together. strangely, that made me feel awful, not better.
The World Is At . Then Are We All ?? :P
As my good buddy Ralph always says "god protects the dumb". If you believe in that sorta thing.
I love , it's so funny and just wonderful in every way
Damn I wish I didn't have to work and my mommy and daddy paid for all my shit so I could just go on vacation whenever I wanted
Come to think of it...I am offended I was in the YMCA's Indian Guides. How offensive!
wow look it's another man making decisions for a woman bye Alex
Cheers to moving and organizing by myself.... off to a great first night
Graduation day is just fantastic so far
Well you made my night so much better.
Boy do I feel great today
Braces for a year yaaaayyyy
How can there not be a Rockies pitcher in the allstar game??? They are sooo good
H-1 ada aja yg betein-.- Factory Outlet dude!
Excellent &amp; innovative new conference title SAP TechEd &amp;&amp; d-code
So overjoyed to be walking in the June Dairy Days parade
There's no better feeling than waking up for work at 5:45am after only 3 hours of sleep.
A migraine to top it off!
Applebees with 3 other coworkers #$w
Op naar de derde plek, waar iedereen zo op zit te wachten!
Wow! That really makes you "Redneck"
Unlike the Internet ,not everything you read on Twitter is true
My parents are a delight
I'm 80% sure that Jason Sedakis is trying to become the new age Vince Vaughn
Thanks parents for giving me money!
I just love being at work this early in the morning.
Wonderful weather for 4th of July barbeques.
Yay for an opening shift the day after a closing shift!
Woke up to it soaked outside from raining. Who would have thought it would have rained?
Ryan me dice tantas cosas lindas :--)
I'm so happy that I'm your best friend too after all these years luv u 2
Yes tweeting about how you are over your problems definitely shows everyone you are over them....
My mood went from happy to being fucking depressed. How lovely..
Obligatory tweet because it's cute
AND I saw it even though ruined it for me
Something like 300 rockets fired from gaza, pffff. I've sent 1276 tweets in 2 days
thanks world cup for making work so boring (also thanks for ruining ppls lives in Brazil) luv u.
cannot wait till tomorrow night when me and Ellie have to walk to harrogate from knaresborough pissed lol
The very white wardrobes are an extremely subtle dystopian touch.
Standing in line at the dmv. Definitely one of my favorite things.
More former not returning. RT Peter Regin heading back to CHI.
Wow didn't realise my business email had a PayPal account! Must confirm it now..
however my bosses decided it would be cool to make my entire week opening shifts. WICKED AWE-SOME.
Oomf didn't text me back...let me blast him on twitter
I just love having countless numbers of calluses and blisters on my feet.
Guess I'm baby sitting tonight
The 5 northbound looks like a blast.
Why do you have to ruin construction season with summer?
My Internet has the best timing to go crazy
I just love when people stop being your friend.. and don't fucking tell you why they stopped
McBob and Granger in Miami. Don't even need Lebron or Bosh any more. NBA champs 2015.
POLL: 63% of Americans don't believe Joe Biden knows he's VP.
Anyone can be Bruce Lee?! *mind implodes*
Im just absolutely estastic I have to work all day and night today.
On break way too early at work - oh well, at least I'm in a good mood and got so much sleep last night
It was thunder! Raining again. Was starting to get a bit dry...
Spray on hair, yeah that was a great invention, .
Daventry is just full of the most beautiful specimens of humanity....
Would love to thank my local for drenching my shorts and car with diet coke today.
Not Andrus' night. What a shame
isn't it such a shame that I didn't take Biology and have exams until friday??
I feel da love
I'm glad it took you so long to get over me. I feel okay.
Awesome. Just awesome.
That just made my mf day!!
I'm the only one in the wedding party that didn't go to A&amp;M. Can't wait for this college reunion.
...before today only 5 ab in 5 days, bench called a bunt for him w/a bsr at 3rd? a: confidence building.
The quality of ESPN's radio color commentary on is unparalleled (): "Don't make this World Cup final an embarrassment."
RAD has 10 fields related to the title; ISAD(G) has one. How do most of the world's archives get by with so little title info?!
What a shock. The Selke went to someone from the Eastern Time Zone.
Yes! going shopping today
Fair play too the gaa... thinking of the fans as always... putting the match on at 7pm
So proud of our favorite Xavier alum John Boehner for trying to sue the President.
oh wow what a surprise another assassin's creed game... make something new already.
I feel like I should tweet something... But I'm not sure what.
I really love it when FF decides not to work right as I'm in the middle of a story. Absolute favorite thing ever
love when ppl yell at me from their cars.. ...
This is how kathniels feel about the haters.
What a glorious day it has been
I'll follow you until you love me
it's not like I wanted to talk to you today anyways...
Wow. It's so busy.
\": Now, Benzema AND Sanchez, and we'd win the League. \"
Wow, you're a great friend
Just found out a $300 fix of my car may turn out to be a bit more.
Literally all I've had to eat today is flaming hot cheetos... Real healthy McKenna.
Did you even see the tweet? RT : I am very happy to hear that! . ^Andy
Zack is soooo excited to spend his evening with me, his brother and mine as well lol
Feels good when people take advantage of me and mislead me. -.-
Oh. It rolled off the green again. That's something new.
If your twitter says your location where you live is "the gym"... You're so cool. I wish I was swole like you.
Dont ya just love when your heart and brain both have completely different ideas? And want different things?
Ima get my number shaved on my head like number 3 from Ghana
yeah, cause tumblrs really that humble
Oh good another interview with Steven Gerrard cos I haven't heard what he has to say recently.........
The fault in our stars. I've waited way to long for this
After an unconscious shooting performance like that, the were bound to go cold. Luckily they picked the best time to do it
Does get to receive unemployment benefits now that voters is his 7th VA congress district overwhelmingly fire him?
I hear all the Cheetahs players will stay only for Naka
Crazy how I could forget that since I work in the infant room at a daycare! Wow I must be dumb!
Thank you, Michael Bay, for that stunningly accurate portrayal of walking on the moon.
I hate when someone looks cheerful in twitter but sucks in real life.
gaston as in beauty n the beast?... No as in equensu ocha, otherwise known as the white devil.
I also love when a thunderstorm ruins a great practice.
Im supporting real madrid :D
Clearly my last tweet was
Suarez \"I wish I could be a vampire\" :D \n
Looking good already Smyly.
Theres nothing better than spending my birthday at work! -_-
I like how you care about the things I tell you...
Sheffield. A beautiful city to showcase to the watching world.
Although I have no place to live, I still find comfort in the fact that everyone is so concerned about me
\": He sure does like to drink the grape Kool-aid\"Yep this ain't
Just missed the bus this day just getting better
You must remember, forget you ever knew me!
I love when people walk their obnoxious dogs that they have no control of
The biggest cheer for comes from &amp; ... those pillars of morality.
things that will always sound
Oh, is the on?... I hadn't noticed.
What a beautiful day to sit inside staring at a computer screen
Well I feel so smart now...
No, Jen doesn't have "sloppy tits." Trust me ;)
Thanks for popping in at 3am, severe thunderstorms, and staying too long. I've missed being covered in scared dog slobber.
ga ngerti tapi banyak comment nya, jd kelihatan bodohnya
Loveeee waking up at midnight when I have to be at work for 6:45am to someone moving a shit ton of furniture into the house
How long are the Soldiers going to be overseas once more?
Where'd the \"best four years of my life\" go.
so if my boss(WHO IS A MAN) doesnt agree in the use of birth control, my health insurance doesn't have to cover it.AWESOME.
I'm sooooooo disappointed that are out of the !!!
Keep tweeting about Satanism and heroin. You'll be sure to get more followers.
So after months of training; Eva's big moves are a hair flip &amp; a shove? Good job!
I'm really stoked that came back with the Lebron Network.
These messages are brought to you by Common Sense. You either have it or you don't. Sold in stores everywhere. Get it while u can.
Can people start tweeting the Kuyt and Mascherano picture please really want to see it not seen it yet..
So glad crop tops are in because they look great on everybody!!
My is involuntary.
I just love choking on milk!
Car packed, heading to Lake District, weather looking great for our first proper break from work this year
Renovation next door. The noise everyday is so fun! Grateful itll be done in October...cuz that's real soon.
I assume that the N.C. Legislature will be moving Arthur's projected path far to the east of the Outer Banks?
Awesome, it's pouring again. For a few minutes I was beginning to think this monsoon was over.
We'll see in Part 2!
I call hat-trick for torres
Geez, , could you cut to commercial a few more times? I think we've seen too much cycling.
Yes, women drinking is somehow the root cause of all problems in goa \nIt's disgusting how sexist people can be!
$JNUG up 20% yesterday, down 14% today.....yawn....
Don't worry guys dont need a centre. We have JVR and lupul to take draws
only 245 people tuning in to see the FCKCvHOU online. Thanks USSF!
Yes please continue to rub it in my face.
I love hanging out with everyone that wants to hang out with me when I'm miles away
Brr, there's a nip in this dry cool air that makes us want to wear a sweater!
Summer provides so many good excuses for slapping people.
Yes Twellman, totally Tim Howard's fault. Not any defender not marking their man.
If the commentator in the France v Nigeria game can suck his teeth a little more into the mic that'd be greeaaaat
You can already tell this is gonna be a great broadcasted game
Do you even need a vertebrate to play football?
...Waterfront, Eglinton Connects is such a great inspiration for our future leaders. (2/2)
Good thing I can't fall asleep
Well... That's just great...
Thank God my boss is informative and let me know ahead of time the swim team wasn't coming in today
Gotta be at work at 6:30 AM. Woo hoo
I've been off twitter for about 30 seconds...any Lebron news?
(Re)organized lots of graphic novels today. How fitting that Frank Miller ended up next to books on Islam
If you offer to take me out of myself, I'll want to know where we're going
Huge thanks to my neighbour for blaring her shitty music from 9am..
Yay to being an unofficial travel agent! Gets you out of work!
&amp; America watches the game when really we should be playing baseball &amp; eating apple pie. I get you
Gattis just homered, better rest him tomorrow.
There's nothing better than getting no sleep and having to go to work
Yep, the summer intensive you attend really reflects how cool and awesome you are
So I played my first open mic in 2 years after and other legends killed the stage. I was not intimidated at all.
What can be changed by
Fuck. I have orientation today and I'm in a great mood and got a great nights sleep.
what an amazing chip attempt that was by Rooney! Never saw him try that before.
4th of July in Williston!
Stabbing is for free and if I don't like :stab stab stab stab stab stab !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Eish n feel nothing bowt it
Oh Twitter, thank you for suggesting that I follow . That's exactly what I want to do.
Decided to work tomorrow evening, because it would be Un-Merican not to cook southern bbq for plenty hungry Mericans...oh well $$$$
The newest wave is taking pictures of strangers and calling them your "bae" better hop on it before you miss out
Sobriety is always my path of choice
I love having cold water dumped on me. Its the best...
Did I tell you guys.. In case you ever miss swimming during pls do visit road believe me you will love it!
I'm glad we're finally seeing the brewers that we were supposed to see this season
I love being stuck at home all day with nothing to do
I feel so bad for him b lol
RT : at least he does not play grab ass with other dudes.
Wait so if you jump on someone's back, a foul gets called but it's on the guy you jumped on. Why dont we start doing this to people
Getting leaked albums.
thanks for letting me go to school mom .
I love getting ignore so much! It's my favorite
rebels in may now have more M-1 tanks than US has in Europe (280\/0). Way to go ! drip, drip, drip!
They way some of these players are falling around in the second half I can't wait for the in Qatar to start.
Wow, AMAZING recovery by Aranguiz there...
But since you put the wrong postage on the envelope, you have guaranteed it will boomerang back to me for more postage. Wheeee! 2\/2
Oh, random anxiety breakdowns, how I've missed you...
Just saw a jacked-up pickup with "Redneck Romeo" across the winshield. Shoulda chased him down &amp; gotten his digits!
wow. I have such great friends.
Went to the Passport Canada office. Shocked I needed to provide ID and no one could vouch for me!
Funny... I thought we were friends.
I'm so excited that I will be missing the US vs Belgium game today\n
Loving the referee's attitude
Because mocking religion and another person's lifestyle makes yours better
Don't worry Spanish fans, Torres will save you
I'm gonna kill the people that wrote Dexter -
Germany makes fun of before game. Making fun about America being obese and in debt. And........ \n
I love when family put friends first..
\"Mayor also shares deep admiration for people wearing jeans w\/ flap pockets on back. \" Men shouldn't wear Girls jeans
I love waking up to everyone screaming at each other
You know it was a good vacation when nobody is talking to each other in the car.
So fun I can't
The problem with ppl with a small brain is that they usually have big mouth!
Cant wait to watch the US run around and kick a ball! Here's to lots of fake injuries &amp; maybe even a 0-0 tie! Soccer is the best!
Awkward reunion? Nope, just needed a couple drinks then we're good.
I'm really excited that my next 5 shifts are all closing shifts...
Double-hit migraines are my favorite!
-Your excites me.
If my brother doesn't stop yelling I will cut him.
Such a perfect day to swim, so happy our pool is open.
How did anyone every have children before the iPhone???
LeBron James has made his decision. I can now breathe again &amp; resume my life.
Dad of the Year Award goes to Brandon Yates of Conroe TX.
In pain. Can't sleep. Doctors in the am. Cheer the rest of the day. I don't see how tomorrow won't be a wonderful day.
Ah. You're such a cool cat
Such a beautiful day and I've spent it in bed and at work. Brilliant
Glad everyone went to the weight room this morning
I don't think Clint Dempsey is focused today!
Just look at the passionate way the USA sing their national anthem.
Things going real well for Portugal
I've come to the conclusion that I cannot do a geordie accent to save myself.
Wow! I just love having people call in and screw up my whole night. That's what I live for.
Great job Lakers!!!
E is not having any part of the pool. This means I'm not either. It's fun sitting in 90+ degree heat next to a pool I can't use.
Ah I love that my mom is dating a hypocrital asshole
some people just don't get \n
I love that I just sat at the drive thru for 10 mins only to remember, "Oh yeah my window's broken."
bleed blue was great glad to see there with us today excited for next year with our 8th grade boys same period now!
What a pleasant lady I have just read a late night work e-mail from
Separation of church and state...except you know, prayer in school and blatant country worship on the 4th.
all those kids chanting should be grounded for talking back at there elders
The comeback is on!
The lack of fanfiction is amazing...
Monster setting a 20kg dumbell...this shud be fun hahaha
cant beat a late night nose bleed.
Know what's super cool? When 26 of my last 29 tweets are from . Nothing I love more than a social media flooder.
Margaery Tyrell va overdress.
Thank you so much McDonalds in Three Rivers for giving me mild food poisoning again. I really appreciate it!
Why the confused look when you ask what music I play, and I say \"all kinds\"? Now I'll answer \"Both kinds: country AND western.\"
My neck hurts and I'm exhausted. today should be fun at work.
By god those Chester fans are intimidating
Happy Fathers Day to all the dead beat dads out there. Yall are awesome
Who knew that Teddy Bridgewater was Russia's goalkeeper for the World Cup?
Ahh! I have 40 followers! I feel so popular! I'd like to thank you all so much! ^.^
That awkward moment when your is so advanced that others think you're stupid\n;)
zo die rabobank app werkt ook superfijn.
The of the theme song for pre-schoolers has been a delight to listen to from my work perch this whole week :|
Giving myself an A+ performance tonight
This airport and I are about to be great friends. I really hate
"someone called me lazy today, I almost responded"
Wow I learned something new today
Hayata gel gercekten cok eglenceli
Don't like my sense of humor? Keep scrolling, I'm not holding you hostage.
Great to know I have friends that like hanging out with me
This week's tweets will be brought to you by and
Was really hoping I would get to see Costa Rica v Greece.wow.
Good to see the Crew is off to another fast start behind Garza, oh and that Garza has his good stuff again.
Why is nobody live tweeting the CFL pre-season game?
Boy... \nFor a second there, i thought drama wasn't a trend. Glad i was wrong &lt;3\n
bio 121, english 101, math 140, speech 101.
He so sweet that im gonna hv diabetes
Really glad I don't have to worry about rent or anything otherwise working 18hours a week would be a bad thing...oh wait a minute.
love being in the waiting room of a medical clinic for 3 hours with a basically dead phone and the tv stuck on Disney Channel
No food here. Going to bed on an empty stomach.
Oh my lord.
Nothing like another 13 hour work day!
I'm really proud of Internet fanboys for not overacting today. .
Hehe. ": overrated conference tho "
Are you serious?! We're gonna keep him from scoring...
My new rain boot tan line goes nicely with my binocular tan line that has been forming all summer............
A boyfriend once told me I was 'lucky' my rapist 'didn't hurt me'
Wow! What a surprise I find in my computer! I have been upgraded to Microsoft Office 2010! Yehey!
Two things are infinite "The Universe and Human Stupidity"
Things are just going great for me, couldn't get any better
My favorite line: \"No, she was writing an angry note in German!\"
It remind me old anecdote 'What you see on this picture?'
I think I'm the one.
Do you wanna do ecstasy on the couch?
Yay I'm still awake!
Forget the cigarettes, you look way hotter with that E-Cig girl
thanks for all the body image, emotional, and food issues i have, mom. i wouldn't be the same without them.
So the reviews for are just awful, didnt see that coming. . I completely have no hope in 's
*praying* "Oh Lord please! Let the hurricane miss Martha's Vineyard so Mr. Obama can have yet ANOTHER awesome vacation!!!!'
True class on display during the singing of the national anthems
I mean it was just so close I just couldnt tell.
Good thing my medication works
Oh hello Monday, how nice to see you again.....
R-bombs r the shit...
Glad I work hard and risk my life everyday so that people in low income housing can spend my money on fireworks...
Thank god America Now told me how to spot a fake psychic apparently some of those guys cant really tell the future
Great example of staying classy Chile. Alwayd have to find a reason to riot I guess.
Went downhill on my longboard, almost died.
I love when I get a seven top followed by an eight top
Nice mode ON. Bye purves!
Writing an article based on the editor's personal bias against something. Always such a fun process.
Oh, I forgot to mention how much I LOVE watching 1hour later now Leaving twitter for an hour
This 10k next Saturday is going to be fun...
I am going to watch Jurassic Park tonight.
My favorite part of my job is babysitting the customers' children.
Wow what a terrible tropical storm were driving into..
I like how 16 yr olds go to warped tour and I'm stuck at home doing school work. Can I be that age again?
Today has been a great day to sleep in!
Nice job on your wonderfully objective look at the immigration protests in California .
Seriously wanted to finish reading Wards of Faerie today so glad i took time to dust today though!
Tell ye what I never tire if doing: cleaning up those wee bits of rubber from 3G astro pitches that fill your trainees
I'm pretty sure 1:45 is when the best ideas are thought of.
I can see clearly now. The rain has gone!
So excited for the 7 hour time management training session at work
How good's the umpiring tonight?
and I live in and together :/
S\/O to all edmontonians for their interstellar driving!
Everyone you disagree with is probably a cop
well if she doesnt get it this week then woohoo it happened
An entire day of advanced database script training.... excuse me while I contain my excitement
Clearly, Twitter was made for the
Guys, I have 11 followers!!!!! XD \n
No, please don't read into my resting bitch face, I love being around all of you.
Lebron is opting out big shocker
No 7\/11, Chick-Fil-A, or Krispy Kreme in the area... Boy oh boy do I love Pottsville :)
And what a great way to block the sharing of artistic &amp; musical integrity, &amp; healthy discourse, by means of FEAR.
Oh yeah, all my ideas are totally logical and thought out well.
Mother of fucken thunder. I am awake. Awesome.
I guess Shrek scored then. Woo to the hoo.
Gotta love when people read your messages and doesn't respond! :)
Le persone che si cagano solo TIW e LLF+D almeno spendono meno soldi per comprare gli album.
Glad I'm at work instead of at home sleeping.
thanks for using seizure-inducing lights in your commercials . I'm sure any epileptic viewers REALLY appreciated that.
Awwww a Benefits baby.....who said romance was dead
Eyes sore. Tears dry. What's next on this wonderful weekend?
Nothing better than 14 hour car rides.
We were supposed to have a full moon and instead we get a pleasant wind storm and thunder and rain
ANG SAYA NG BIRTHDAY KO.
Not since September of 1939 has there been this much of a Blitzkrieg
I really do love how at the end of the day, no matter how hard I try or how many things I do right, I'm always a "piece of shit".
Wedding in October WOO HOO
Really loving how many Americans are actually still interested in the World Cup.
Santorini again eh? No thanks Greece, I think I'll go on vacation to Columbia instead.
take your time on Blizzard. I mean ur a new company and this a new game right? o wait its a 10yo game froma 20yo company.
Past two days have been great.
This conversation is riveting...
Just heard about another senseless death due to wood-aged cheese. If only the FDA would step in and save us!
What an awesome night....can't wait for August! :)
Sudying for my PET exam
All of Hickory Hills lost power. You're doing a fine job
This is boring. Can we get back to how yesterday's loss to Germany was the greatest loss in USA soccer history!
I love how over the weekend I am somehow capable of waking up bright and early w/o problems
Technical difficulties equals epic failure. Great job
I just love saying I love Jesus after a Monday afternoon. Then partying and doing stuff Jesus would dislike every other day.
When you have something to say to someone, but no way to tell them
I just love getting 24bit pre master promos!
This crowd is just loving Ronaldo right now
Nose cauterization (AGAIN), two ear infections, sore throat, 101 fever, and a massive migraine. I'm doing great tonight.
didnt you know? RealBigot is the final arbiter of "blackness"
Oh no! I've been caught! I did get my pictures off the internet! I'm \/so\/ ashamed!
Today I got hit in the face with a volleyball. Life's great.
Literally just burst into tears over something so small.... Welcome my stress-induced emotions so glad you're back
My life generally revolves around my hair.
working until almost 10pm every night is awesome.
I love when the male majority makes decisions that ONLY impact women. Always ends well.
C'mon you can take these puny - but seriously, you have your grenades, right?
With the step sis and making stories, ohhh crap
Apparently I've decided to live tweet the game. Except in my own way, of course.
I didn't know this.
Can't wait to put the new Mark Driscoll and Duck Dynasty book out on the shelves. Oh, wait...
Yeah this will be interesting.
So glad the heat won last night.
All you gotta do is keep it alive no big deal ...
Because we gays really need another dating app to \"make friends\"....
Oh my god! We're down by 3 in the 2nd inning! The world is over! Harang is the worst pitcher ever, Kill him!
Shit.... Just SHIT! It can't get any better.
It's all smiles &amp; laughter here this morn......
I'm so smart sometimes ae. And always by complete mistake.
I love being ignored.
You sensed wrong RT : I'm sensing this is a good thing. Enjoy your flight. ^MR
Mayweather-Maidana 2, Algieri-Pac. Who says boxing doesn't give the fans what they want?
I'm so glad that I have an office job. I didn't want to to enjoy this beautiful day.
That wasn't even fun while it lasted! Got to love being an England fan!
I wouldn't have ever of expected Lebron to go to Cleveland :-/
Yes please send me a snapchat of the fireworks... I missed it when you posted the same firework picture on Twitter and Facebook!
Running with a mini poodle was a great idea
ALRIGHT! WE GET TO SEE AND CONTINUE THEIR BEST OF 20,000,000,000 SERIES ON
I made a lot of money back in the day...but then I blew it all up my nose.
Aren't Mondays the best!!
S/O to oomf for texting back :-)
You know what's awesome? When people wait until I have my earbuds in to ask me things\/talk to me. I love when people do that.
So I guess I'm watching the World Cup instead of listening and getting stuff done.......shucks darn
But anyways, sorry if I'm preaching. I'm sure I'm preaching to the choir anway and all of y'all practice safe sex every time. Lol
That's real mature and kind of you.
Alright cool well I didn't want to go anyways.
Obviously Lebron sucks.
.glad security is a priority
The sincerity of the male emcee. Wow.
Stadium in Manaus: built for 4 gms, never to be used again. It's in the middle of nowhere in Amazon. Costs $300B+. Pure brilliance
Kids are awesome!
Oh thanks again for including me... Like you always seem to do.
Please post another picture of yourself in a flannel or dress at the Chris Young concert I haven't seen enough yet.
Oh yeah i forgot i have a new number for now.. 8104170654 text me lol
Need a new phone charger. Second one in a month. Life is tough.
Of course Polly and Larry would hook up.
TSAKA BUMOTO RAW KAYO! Hindi daw kayo bumoboto eh!\n\n\n
Got a show today! Almost sold out! 4 tickets sold! Cant wait!
Already in a shitty mood. Today is going to be wonderful.
Most are , I wonder if they get enough protein
Well that conversation went great!.... Wish you would just say something...
What club teams do Clint Dempsey &amp; Tim Howard play for?\n\n
Well this day is off to a flying start!!
hey guys, no big deal or anything but follows me on twitter so.... yeah.
I just love family time.
notice how mfs change like a $1bill wen dey drink 1beer but act like dey drank 1k,Ok,den those d 1s dat u leave at hme
After a week of being away from home...am I still home yet? Course not!
More antibiotics. Joy.
So I wonder if Saunders is traveling with MCFC can he play? That'd be 'fun' if the game in KC has Saunders start in goal.
Dont you hate when restaurants are like, Would you a table?? Noooo b*tch I want to eat on the damn floor..
geez. sch starting tmr. cant wait!
What are Democrats worried about? TEA Party candidates are wacko-birds. Brat will get beat by that great candidate they have.
Hurry up and show in the locker room so this celebration is official.
Baby sitting yippie ! after a trolley break down today's just great !
Nice trade canucks..
So happy my new iPhone won't charge.
the are making a run at the playoffs?
Absolutely lovee when you find out a girl you thought was your somewhat friend talks to your man!!
My teeth itch. God damn cocaine.
\": So esok nak berbuka dengan rokok apa?\"
Im irrelevant to most people in the world but to the people that kno me kno why im YoungOG
See, haters? Hashtag activism CAN make the world a better place!!! \n \n\n \n
Finally back home and straight gotta work !jizz!
Ok, LinkedIn, so I know this person but I cannot add him to my network because he is just a third connection. Well done.
So Duncan isn't opting out to sign a deal that lowers his salary?!! like they said he'd do again!?!! SELFISH.
I have been so productive today! I'm so proud of myself!
Nice job, .
What's in the bag? It's marbles you idiot, Abyss is doing something different for a change
Thirty three minutes without a goal. Games getting a little boring now. []
On route 2 Stoke on Trent! Good times..........
Waaaaat? Nooooo... RT : Nazis believed in divine racial superiority...
nice to know that I am greatly appreciated by those I always support and stand by
At work, you should definitely message people to tell them their food is burning instead of stopping it from burning yourself.
200+ years of societal evolution and we're still having problems with secularism. Jefferson would be so proud
This Canada Day is really fantastic. WAY better than last year's.
Working B tonight. Yayyyyyyyyy
dylan, you couldn't even take austin when he had a gun, so please stop.
lm a o two of their starters have yellow cards thats g r ea t. .
Yay generalized anxiety... it's been so long since you've been around. I've missed you...
I totally can't wait to polish my body weight in cutlery tomorrow!
I'm sure liberals are trying to figure out how to create a new paid holiday called dependence day.
I am so glad I am 400 words over my limit AGAIN
Muy euforicos los jugadores de argentinos cantando el himno
Being ignored by everyone including my partner tonight, get in
It's always nice when I go &amp; visit my parents
OH BOY, THE CAR NEEDS TO GO BACK TO THE SHOP FOR MORE WORK?! THATS MY FAVORITE THING!
I may start posting random and odd tweets as part of a writing exercise...and to be funny.
Gerrad scored that,
Damn that Paul Menard he needs to stay in the Cup series where he belongs etc.etc.
Spotted in the wild: Mary Jane Candy
Man this has been an awesome day so far...
185 last night, 178 this morning... Makes complete sense to me.
Haha here comes Fellaini... Game changer...
Had a burnt cheeseburger and burnt fries for dinner. Woohoo
Oh yeah, Beckerman was great at . just dominated the midfield vs. Ghana, Portugal and Germany.
Nothing like being swept by the Tigers!
I figured it out. POTUS thought he was saying limitless \"boarders\" not \"borders!\"
Great job America. I am so proud of the leaders of my country right now.
It must be rough being represented as one male in a slew of dynamic female characters and have that being called representation.
Come balliamo noi nessuno eh~
So glad it rained last night, cause it really cooled things off this AM. \n=pizzaoven
What a night I made for myself
The most effective way to kill a bird?\nThrow it off a cliff.\n\n\n
I apologize for the timeline blowup. I feel really bad about it.
Wow!! Kyle Busch on the pole tonight. How unexpected!
Well, I won't be watching Cleveland now, that's for damn sure. Drops in Jersey sales for Miami.
View-points ... Thanks Google Adsense. I'll do a lot of more money.
Yay for almost a whole month without cell service\/cellular device..
Anyone hear anything about some Thai boxing
Guess I should have added to that last tweet because riders fans were not able to catch it
W/o Instagram I wouldn't have known 2 things today.1.The Miss Ky girls went to Cheddars 2.The sky was pretty tonight
The University of Ottawa &amp;
\"I will leave you to your little list of things for yourself then, while I go arrange everything for everyone else.\"
Slept like shit, feeling like shit &amp; look like shit. Today is going to be a good day at work.
I'm so pumped about the World Cup!!!!
Cat Deeley should be a comedian she's just soooooo funny .....
I just can't wait to swim in the rain
What's he got that I don't! "You want it alphabetically?"
More storms on their way. Joy.
On to movie ...
Haven't watched Fox "slander" lately - have to turn over to Fox and see how Obama is destroying America now
Apnay ap ko bura mat kahay,,\nKu k ye kaam ap k rishtaydaaro ka hai.. :)\n
Listen, Smile, Agree. and then do whatever the FUCK you were gonna do anyway.
Sometimes a joke is not intended 2 make u laugh, it is intended 2 make u think.
Homer Bailey wondering why he never gets any run support.
Great to see both Belgium and Russia have emerged for 2nd half with renewed vim, energy and passion
Just letting everyone know that's it's EDC this week since the people who go are so subtle about it
I am currently feeling pretty ambivalent about the upcoming BF4 DLC.
It's really disturbing when I read symptoms for some mental problems &amp; they all match me! :D :D :D\n
Oh, but he writes for Newsweek. Amazing journalism coming out of there.
I would've never guessed USA won today.
Human Anatomy video: \"skeletal muscles are used to move the skeleton.\" HOLD UP. WUT. SINCE WHEN.
The Buffalo Bills are one of those franchises that can not get a break. Oh wait a minute, oops didn't realise what I did there.
Hand stamping the new autographs!!
When is USA going to finally score a touchdown??
(But that's just a theory, like evolution)
Now that is funny! RT: "Slut jokes are just whoreable."
Yep, the newest simulcast episode of has SO not turned into an episode of DBZ.
Takes a real genius to come up with the word "penishead" to make a girl smile.
So excited to be going back to work after this long weekend.
you closed your world when you got him back.
Glastonbury this weekend. Will be such a good atmosphere watching it on BBC3
The only city to cheer for Gary Bettman
Nothing like a good bit of bric-a-brac stall managing to cure a raging hangover...
We are 2 mins in and the haven't signed anyone....DISASTER!!
What a lovely day today
If I loved myself more than I love pizza\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\nYeah!Forget it!That's not gonna happen!\n
Lost 32 lbs in 14 months the old fashioned way--healthier diet, exercise, and cocaine
Dom Brown looked good going after that ball in LF.
Only good thing about being a ginger is the amazing sun tan I can get!!!!
Love a call from saying we're through the first round of a physical challenge game show
Loving how Maxi asks for my availabilities but doesnt even respect them
Thanks for the support, and !
Any remember a few months ago when I said I am beginning to struggle with hiding my ... well now it is worse
Feeling like crap at work is wonderful...
The fault in our stars is REVOLUTIONARY. Who else is excited for another cisgender hetero couple on the big screen?
That time of the month for 20 days straight. Think I'm going for the full 30
I get to go socialized with 40~50+ Year olds who work with with my old man. Sounds like loads of fun.
Love the fact that the 14 yr old Jack Russell manages to be more of a bed hog than the 70lb Doberman....
Homework time... Fun, fun, fun.
Mario Chalmers flopped... I am shocked
Only street in the entire area that loses power for the night. Grrreeeat!!
The Aussies doing well in the World Cup is See!
It cleared up as soon as I got here wow what a blessing :)))))))
Why do you hate Erasmo? RT: \": I am unrepentant.\" 's
Aren't children great
US postal workers provide the epitome of customer service...
Great. Another long wait.
: Where people's personal information is thrown in your face like a book.
i feel so loved
and to highlight the youth I'll never get back: in goes the hairdye
Yayyy messi scored against Bosnia he's the best in the world.
Fucking Addison, he'll ruin my life.
Right cause every guy is the same. Makes perfect sense lol.
if I'm single it's a choice\nI mean I'm not sure but it think it's COTTON EYED JOE'S choice!:D :D :D
My friend stalks her crush on my phone, my facebook...and accidently added him.. Fudge. Now I must take the looks.
You never fail to annoy me..
Today was the best day ever!
Well I could've kicked a better goal on a set piece, than that I also have a Koenigsegg :p
My hair is just wow right now.
S\/O to whoever gave my number to a bunch of Creepy Guys..\n\nI REALLY appreciate it!\nWe're TOTES BFFS! ...
The knows just how to put me in a great mood first thing in the morning
The clincher. RT : I would've said no but now that I know he loves Hamptons\/LI...
hahahahaha what a perfect ending to a shitty day
I love being hungover at work with last nights makeup on.\n
If you have "stud" anywhere in your instagram username I refuse to like your pictures
or myb u forget that Mingie is exist ? ~
A wise person once told me, "if you decide to not care, you open up your heart to a world of possibilities."
I'm mighty afraid of
Nothing better than oversleeping..smdh
Gotta love Downtown Athens. Go in to get my phone charger and the meter maid was right there to write me a ticket. Lovely.
When I tell guys I have a boyfriend&amp;then they ask if he treats me good....No I date him cause he's an asshole??? ! &lt;33
Shout out to the "Dick" girl from the Redman ASA team. We appreciate your outstanding sportsmanship!
And I'm proud to be an American, where people treat retail workers like shit.
Looks like ReturnOfKings and RedPillar1985 are bound for the floor. Gee, wonder why...
way to go Brazil for really doing ur job
Not even noon yet, one grande latte down, and yet if you left me alone for five minutes, I'd be asleep.
Today's high school classroom debate: Weed. And all the wisdom 16 and 17 year olds have to offer on the subject.
Love love love when my parents talk shit about me and I can hear it.....
I might have forgotten to change my shoes after walking the dogs this morning. Yes, the Keens go great with my pearl necklace.
tumblr: blocked. Google drive: blocked. Gamespot so no E3 watching D: blocked. How absolutely lovely.
.thank god not green! :-D
So someone a leeway threw up all over my office this morning and I've been here 8 minutes.
What a lovely Saturday to spend at work, cleaning and serving others. but money calls.
Closing in on 30 hours of travel as I board my last flight from philly to RI. same clothes for 30 hours and feelin fabulous
.True but mentioning that is very politically incorrect. Implies traditional family is somehow good. Too judgmental.
that's so nice of them to move his date up 24 hours... . .
If there is one thing that protestors respond well to then that is tear gas. That almost never inflames the situation
Heerlijk weer 8uur melden
Purple is the new Pink...
Thanks for doing your job! prob CN cops
Humor with attitude
...I'm not excited at all :P
I wanna call louie but I know he's asleep because he didn't reply back to my text
Great. We'll be on the boat with bauer and koller.
Don't you just love the damn people who take up all the machines at the gym so you can't use one.
Rooney played well tonight, didn't he?
The world would B a much better place if girls could make even close to what they spend!Someone needs 2 do sth about this!
Well this is going to be a great day..
Hmm I wonder how team USA is doing\n
good job making an honest effort in letting your kids see their dad today.
Gained a considerable amount of weight. Wonder why.
I just LOVE it when my roommates move MY stuff in the fridge to put their stuff on MY shelf.
I have heard Alexis Sanchez has sigjed on for Napoli. Is he going to a Higuain on us? Or are we getting James Rodriguez?
It's cool the way prints the horizontal pictures vertically and the vertical pictures horizontally.
Staring out my balcony, eating a cup of melons. This is living life, yo.
Ya, you definitely love her as much as you say you do
2 hour drive to Marion at 7:30? Yes Please!
Saw a lady with a shirt that said \n\nCountry &amp;\nFord &amp;\nMusic &amp;\nTrucks &amp;\nMe. \n\nWant that shirt.
I bet if you don't pressure they'll just give it to you
's immigration policy is going to guarantee the USA, the next !
C Ronaldo finally got to touch the ball. Walks off pitch to fix eyebrows.
Working 7.5 hours today yayyyy
What a gem of a day/night
Love that I just watched an ETS bus literally speed up to run the red light on 82 St &amp; Yellowhead Tr Overpass.
Just missed the train :( love waiting in penn ?
Malam minggu nya udahan doloooo... tarawih terus tjuyyy... yg sering malam mingguan sabar yak wakakakak
Hey, more rain!! Great!!
I come home in time from work to watch the Ivory Coast vs japan game... Cause that's the game I wanted to watch today
Love it when this guy in my hockey in hockey group comments with his profound knowledge...
Yeah, not as cool looking as usual, must be global warming": The sun looks hot"
Work is just so wonderful. ..
ppl must love snapping me back because they do it so quick and so often
Thanks for putting your entire concert experience on your Snapchat My Story. I totally looked through it all. ?
Guys please please post more photos of the double rainbow.
No human flesh for 4 months.
A footballer scoring a goal? Wow good to know we witnessed this once in a lifetime event
Just LOVE those days when boss freaks out and everything goes to shit
Living the dream being duty clutch...
Software updates for iPhones are so much fun!
Hicks KO, I am sure no one saw that coming
Hey thanks for waking me up. You never disappoint
Oh, wait. So Devin has a daughter? I had no idea.
Yay just a few hours of sleep hooray \nGoodnight
Woo hoo tropical moisture coming to flood the area .
BOOM BOOM BOOMBOOM BOOM BOOMBOOM BOOM BOOMBOOM BOOM BOOMBOOM BOOM BOOMBOOM BOOM BOOMBOOM BOOM BOOM!!!!! I backed a 11/4 shot ffs
Damn Spurs killed that ish sorry heat fans lmmfao
With a DM, no less. \": I think it's so cute when people thank you for following them. \"
= FGM/beheading, or something. RT": lmao hurt my feelings? She is the American Taliban!"
Apparently if got a free Italian beef sandwich at portillos. Friday the 13th isn't so unlucky I guess.
Wait, you mean USA is playing today? How would I ever have known?
So the morning is going to start off like that? Lovely.....
Only 4 days for the destiny beta on xbox. Glad to see stays loyal to the people who kept their doors open all these years
So glad moved to Seattle.
Cancelled flights are awesome
Thank you to my friends for asking how I am and how my grandma's doing. I appreciate it so much!
tht thing happens when girl pretend to be a big fan of tht foot ball so tht can curry him n its so damn ugly ew\ngood luck\n
i think my favourite part of this med withdrawal is how much my brain hates me.
Perks of being an older sibling: you get to read the same bedtime story 7 times.
Araujo was foreign and I didn't know him, and Caboclo is foreign and I don't know him! It's the exact same thing!
Wonder why ?
Are you gonna eat that apple or gum it to death?
Uh oh when did the caves get keyboards? ==&gt;
Oh no!!! I left my sunglasses on the plane! This is the worst day EVER
I fucking love those days where you are so beat you can't even eat.
How did anyone ever have children before the iPhone???
So how was supposed to be an upgrade to again? Another winner by Cashman.
Gracie Italia ....
I like how this is the second time the goalie just stands and watches the ball go in.
Got a date with a vegan tonight. This should go well.
Ha ha ha my life is so fantastic.
Oh joy. It's raining whilst knocking doors. Woooooooo
If you didn't post a \"workout selfie\" chances are you weren't at the gym. Lmao!
Triple digit heat and I decide to go for a run
my twitter is 85% dedicated to football these days lol soz
Embiid was so excited to be picked by the Sixers
I Love How Life Passes Me By
So happy to be up this early to help with camp!
The Flyers should trade G and blow things up bc we have no hope if we can't overpay Niskanen or Erhoff
...because there's nothing sexier than a man with pretty eyes who just happens to be a psychopathic killer.
Educating in the joy that is ...he seems to be enjoying it
Somehow I manage to mess up my sleep schedule without even jumping on a plane and getting jetlag.
Like, OMG! I was really dubious but the (no joke!) really convinced me!!1
Oh my goodness the power is out at Walmart everyone lose your minds it's the end of days the purge has begun
Aww, Suarez has cramps? Hockey players would play through that. Soccer players and basketball players considered soft.
Bradley has looked stellar yet again.
well the higher ups got all 3 stars in war.....
thank you florida for this amazing weather this summer, thank you.
Looks like Chavski are getting some player in the Brazilian turncoat Costa
What? Nani diving? I don't believe it!
David moyes never dropped more than 3 points in 1 match as Manchester United's manager in the last premier league season.
You know whats a super fun way to end this day?? Reviewing other peoples papers
Fernando Torres will surely make the difference.
So thankful that you can't even right an anonymous sentence about me but everyone else?
I love how over the weekend I am somehow capable of waking up bright and early w\/o problems
Is groat road closed today? Havent seen any tweets on it
Initiate \"blow-up mode\" now! Thanks to and for keeping the world hanging on every minuscule detail.
2 hours of sleep is going to make me a suuuuper person today!
I'm so glad that an Advance Auto Parts is coming to Dillsburg
I love inspecting chrome! !!!
Galing mo po. Haha.
I love the area I grew up in..it has gotten so ratchet...sounds like a war zone outside and it isn't even Canada Day yet smfh
This Ann Coulter lady sounds like a real stand-up person!! She really knows what Americans like.
.How is this possible? Ban Ki-Moon called for a ceasefire. Didn't the terrorists hear the news?
Well, good thing the bad guys in films are ALWAYS bad at shooting, ay...
its a lovely 81 degrees in my house this evening
Oh how i just love my life
Thanks for getting me starving
went to bed at 1am, up at 5 am. Yay me.
BREAKING: Miami just changed their name to the Miami \"Room-Temperature\".
I love going to bed in a great mood
Especially given that what you want me to read is high level medical terms. Yeah, piece of cake.
Love working on beautiful Saturdays
So 5 minutes into and Bay is getting the morning after pill. ABC puts the family in tv programming!
.shocked, I tell you, just shocked
My personality depends on who I am. My attitude depends on who you are.
haven't been on twitter for the past 3 days.
Keep assuming you know what others mean, really just do that, it'll get you real far in life.
Blackpool away last game of the season? Won't that be to find out who will be relegated???
I'm so glad I'm not going to Countryfest. Just a buncha young lads chasing the muff around. I'm glad I'm packing all f'in weekend
we all know it was a DeCeit job
Germany vs France? That's never happened before...
I'm not willing the day along :O
Wow, this game is flying by...
Just love being home.
Love getting off work early and have you shit on my parade and not even see what you're doing... It's been a splendid night
So Why call John Abraham ?
Please nurse, continue whispering to my doctor and staring at me. I do not find it annoying or creepy in the slightest manner. \n
Paul gave away my Luke Bryan ticket. Ahh he's a great brother
such a fun life I lead..
Hearing fireworks right now while lying on our bed! What a wonderful way to celebrate Canada Day!
Uruguay have this laughable attitude of "the world's against us". Thankfully that doesn't happen in Scottish football
My lack of patience and coffee this morning is not allowing me to be polite today
Why is everyone making a big deal out of this Suarez bit? Havent you gotten used to it by now? :p
My favorite thing about getting older: the heartburn
Then I look at them and... and what?! That's ! ohmygoodness I'm so BC I've heard of them ()
Great display of showmanship &lt;&gt;
Denny's for dinner.. So appetizing.
is starting. I can't wait to see that new champion guy John Cena. He seems cool
Will my Lebron app tell me where he's going????? Nervous wreck
Just told for the 100th time that I need a clone. If that was possible I would have to share all of the fun.
Of course Messi wasn't fouled. He was only surrounded by 5 Belgian players at least 6 inches taller than him.
Ignoring people is always nice.
wow everything is just so great rn.
Dropped my camera in the toilet..
but Oscar cant hit right???
The Italian soccer players should go on American Idol; they're all amazing singers.
I love it when people don't text me back.
Yay I can't wait to hear skip bayless talk about lebron 24/7 for the next month
So disease is capitalist now. I thought there has always been disease
Glad to see the Rays put in the hot bat of Zobrist to pinch hit in the bottom of the 9th.
what an incredible start to a summer :) and i only feel slightly annoyed at people who are complaining about 'who annoyed they are'
I have the world of support guys..makes me feel so good about myself
I love waking up with the knowledge that the most exciting part of my day is going back to bed.
Good no call on LeBron!!!!
Back in the states! YIPPEEE
Just finished work and have to go back at 7 for a staff meeting
And, I'm out of ...PERFECT!\n
I love when I can't breathe through my nose!
I love having to do things 2\/3 times cos some cunt doesn't know their arse from their elbow.
Summer is finally here! Now it's time for SUMMER READING!!!! YESSSS!!!!!!
Despite the poor color grading most local music videos are still terrible
'3.5 miles in 1hr 15 mins based on a mapp'
Well this should be fun.
I live being ignored, it's my favorite...
Oh hello, Monday! We missed you.....
The responds was appreciated
Exams next week! YES so excited and I will do so amazing!
I really love it when does fun things like combine his hashtags using
Coaches are the new one-and-done's. If you don't get a job months after retiring from the NBA you must not have upside.
Well let's just keep our NUMBER ONE Dman then
I can't hold a conversation with people who don't understand
Hey I hear you hate all comics AND Mountain Time?! Man...that is evil.
the heat are so lucky to have such great fans.
Great at bat Billy.
Lol I've never made a rude comment under my breath.
NGITA KA SANG TAWO NGA MAKA INTINDI CMO MAYO. ND NGA AMO DUN KADAN SITWASYON MO REJECT KPA NILA. -_-
Is there a football game on just now?
I THOUGHT THE NEW SINGLE WOULD BE KISS ME KISS ME HAHAHA
I'm glad the Astros brought up Singleton... #.168battingavg
Sure I would love to redo the invoicing that I've done from the beginning of June.
I just love sitting home all day doing nothing!
Even though I'm 21 since I'm not having a kid, or getting engaged\/married am I really an adult?
10 hour work days are my favorite
And there's no way that most of the violence was caused by people with illegal firearms. Those laws stop that from happening too
Waww a very smart move by one of a famous - genius Indonesian singer :o i am amazed and just wow-ed --\".....
I usually have amazing luck on good ol' Friday the 13th, today, not so much.
Things I love on my day off: getting blood drawn and having my AC break.
Driving my car through hail.. Nbd..
happy fathers day, hope you had a nice day with your girlfriend and her kids on fathers day
And the US continues to backpedal ceaselessly on women's rights. Women don't need rights, amirite? and abound.
*insert dramatic tweet airing out my personal business* woo! Glad to get that off my chest &amp; out in public where it belongs.
So CT city putting up anti homeless spikes while they work on their "work camps" idea. Because out of sight, out of mind = better?
But thanks anyway. I appreciate it.
Don't you love it when someone throws up all over your Instagram account
Cause is closing....what will we all do with ourselves!!!!!!!
Wait...is at Bonnaroo?
Isn't being lied to totes awesome? It's the best thing in the world like omg
Hahaha my babies
Aaaand we're back to normal.
Just what I needed to hear.
Jury duty one day, DMV the next. What did I do to get so lucky??
Looking forward to another gruelling training session
Boy, that dust would be terrible if you had asthma.
train car full of children ... how did I get so lucky?
CAN SOMEONE STOP DELETING THIER TWEETS
You're just winning at life ain't ya!
Gosh I can't wait for 1 o'clock. This conference call is gonna be an epic winner. Definitely worth missing the first half.
Absolutely fantastic start to the week
I'll bet Fox "News" was right on top and has scary graphics for all the Bush "Scandals"
I am shocked, shocked! that would run secret psychological experiments on people w/o their knowledge.
What a champions, Brazil winning from Chile by penalties
Well my iPhone took a shit so back to a Droid till the iPhone 6 comes out.
Summer school yay!
Love it when someone texts you and never asks what's going on in your life
Ugh...headache. The best way to start a morning.
Come on Eric Cantor, do a Lisa Murkowski and run as an Indepedent. The establishment needs you!
Health insurance forms are so fun lol
Scoping out all these DILFS on my timeline like daaaaaamn
A four mile run and now some homework...what could be better on a Saturday?!
Some random on the internet is talking shit to me oh no im so offended
So excited to be at the dentist.
Sleeping on the floor waiting for our last flight is always a comforting experience.....
Gotta love the invisible cloak that's makes the car you are driving magically disappear!
Today looks like a beautiful day to tan but nooooo I got a political science hw weeeeeee
Today has been wonderful
Writing a college essay at 2am? Oh yea, living the dream!!
Kabar gembira untuk kita semua... Kulit panu kini ada ekstraknya. Goooood. :v\n\n
Sleeping all day had a refreshing effect on my attitude.
With the bases loaded, there's no one else I want up to bat besides Josh Thole
Today is going to be awesome....
This day is off to a good start.
The park is a very comfortable and warm place to sleep :) !!!!!!
My brother blocked me on Facebook, breaks my heart
So glad I got sick on an 80 degree sunny day
needs it own font
Morning, feels like I got run over a million times in my sleep...awesome
Costco changes mind about D'Souza book... Jesus sits back down.
Oh hey \"check engine\" light, good seeing you!
I don't understand how I'm up right now
I never realize how tall I am until somebody says, "Wow, you're tall".
It's a good thing I care about all of this.
Thanks so much for texting me back all day...
messi lawan djourou. sepadan bangeeet.
Maybe we should have Senator John McCain recruit Lebron
Hmmm my nephewappears to have blocked me. Secretive babu si?
wwooowwww being home is just. great.
Apartment hunting. What fun.
All five of the "" twitter accounts that followed me last week have unfollowed. I am fucking devastated.
Oh yeah! I love starting the day on only 4hrs of sleep. This \"running on an empty fuel tank\" is going to be great.
Racist who misses a lot of shows because he's hungover? Gee, can *I* hire him? He sounds like a model employee!
give the permit for to play with in the semifinal in
Some days I think I would be a terribly mean person if didn't exist. Not that I want to be...life is just .
On the other hand I'm very grateful for
Apparently our 3rd kit was launched today. You'd never know, nobody is tweeting about it .....
I love not getting a good night text.
Ngantuk tahap Gaban. Oh tak! Bkn pasal bola. Tp nyamuk y mengganas.
Suppose I better go and visit the land of nod
Security is tight.
Hooray for 96-hour workweeks!
In today's world,legs spread faster than rumours
Did you see all the KINGS fans at the draft when Nik Stauskas was picked
Waiting to speak with a rep. This is always a fun experience!
I just love to stir up an cause trouble
knowing that there's no chance in passing chem makes me really want to go today
Life advice: if you miss your ex and want them back, talk shit to them about their new significant other, works like a charm! /
There are so many classy women around here. :)
it's comforting knowing that I need matt to set up all my university courses for me but I'm going 18 hours away for uni on my own
I hope I see one more FB post about the World Cup from people who have mocked the sport to my face.
Oh Keys retired. How perfect. I just love Wimbledon.
World Cup coverage needs more slide line reporters constantly asking the coaches how they think it's going...
Every time I listen five colours in her hair from McFly I think in
So I guess i'm doing a music number at girls camp. Yippee solo time.
St Simons bound to help Blanche celebrate turning 26!!
It's been too long I forgot your name bitch. Awww
Yay Habs drafted Donald Audette's son....
\": Positively surprised by performance tonight.\"
I only ate a banana and some chips and dip today. Go me.
Sleeping on a Friday night is nice
Got my first paycheck. Woo I'm rich. Retirement is on the horizon
I've missed humidity so much
Can't forget about the asshole. You suck at ! !
Also, I'm sure that the reason Lebron stays in Miami now is because they drafted Shabazz
It is so cool that has nothing better to do than talk about the weather. Way to go, JK!
oh how sweet the taste of victory
I'll call my daddy when I get dat child support doe
This weekend while everyone's enjoyin their holiday I'll be puttin in over 30 hours at work yay me
Plug ma phone in &amp; it boosts up to 5%, how great is my life?
Old white people got the best dance moves
good to back at De La Creek
Can't wait to push a watermelon out of my vagina
Well shit.. this day just keeps getting better and better.
Making bolognese. Listening to Edith Piaf
1. THAT !
if i don't win i'm sad bc i'm so good at drawing
Robo a !!!!!!!1111!!1\nel arbitro les robo el ultimo gol!!!!\n\n
I am so glad we get to have Abigail's reaction to everything. Makes it special.
Que lindos se ven esos hombres que salen fumando en sus fotos de perfil. .
So Josh Gordon is still on the team and Johnny is doing blow. It's good to be a Cleveland fan...... Insert
Being a loser is cool now...who knew?
Glad we don't have a representative in Congress who acts like a child ==&gt;
Sports .. the only intresting thing that exists
How considerate of you
You bet i am! Amazing goal! Great game! RT : @.npsianturi eh mas, jam sgini blm tidur bukan krn nonton bola khan kamu?!
Well have a good night hated today serous shit fuck u. u so fuckin pissed . good thing I have u right so over everything n everyone
I like riding in cars with and . Because they talk to me. It's real nice.
I'm am so productive that I dk what I did for the past hours HAHAHA \n
RoboCop and the D tonight? I'm one lucky girl!
Che strano il fandom di si lamenta! giuro non succede MAI!
2nd player today Ive seen leave a match b/c of cramps today. I guess they're all quitters too like a certain player
So far, I have dealt w| 3 EMS calls. *GREAT* more paperwork for me tonigh.
Brominated vegetable oil is found in sports drinks. Because after a workout THAT'S what I want in my body
3 goals in about 5 minutes, Brazil are playing so well
Should have used on my last tweet ;)
mo money!!!!!!!!!!!!! good move dana
Phone won't charge and lock button doesn't work either.... Yaaaaaaay
Over 100 people arrested using NSA data? Yeah, that totally sounds like an Orwellian police state there.
So excited to have to work an 8 hour shift up front... Is it 5 yet?!?
Well today's off to a fantastic start.
Love how it's still cold outside
AWKWARD PHONECALLS WITH DAD AND GRAMMY!!!!!! OH HOW I LOVE IT!!!!!!! you heard of it?
I love hearing about stupid people's marriage problems Cheat on each other then complain about each other... good job.
Live streams WORK SO WELL!!!!
Got to love them
A whole weekend with my family with no cell service? Sounds like a sweet deal
Sorry folks - too much of a fame hag to do it without anyone knowing it's me
Sun poisoning is awesome
Much needed day off and I woke up at 4am and can't get back to sleep, great.
I have such an encouraging my dad says I'm serious I don't think you're gonna make it on your 5 mile race.
Hey! Thanks Aberdeen weather for serving up another bumper summer Saturday.
Seriously my phone battery lasts very long.
So freaking glad that quiz was on the chapter we just learned.
Now thats the Aussie way RT ": Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
I wonder if Ronaldo wants to score or help his team in an all around game can't tell
Welp that was fun.
My swing is the for I hold today or say did hold ever. P.s. Advice, be wise to not to respond to this. !
Wow, I wonder if Steve Price is a Liberal?
Doesn't have time to come to my game. But has time to go to bingo.
Working a Vegas red-eye turn tonight. Those flights usually have the "classiest" of folks on them.
*logs into Twitter* looks like some folks are going back to dealing with their identity crisis, smh.... *logs off*
Hey are you watching the World Cup?
i fucking love the support from my family....
Addormentarsi alle 3.30 passate e svegliarsi mezz'ora fa. Che cosa bella.
one of my many talents.
Just got 50 followers, I'd like to thank my mom and all my family and friends and The Lord Jesus Christ for helping me to succeed
Don't you just love it when underaged people post pictures of themselves drinking in fb??
Don't worry England fans. The Question of Sport Super Saturday with the zany Phil Tufnell starts on this Saturday. Yay!
There's a \"reality\" show on little people? I don't mean documentary I mean Jersey Shore but with people 4 feet tall
This day is so fun
Fuck sake. This weekends gonna be well shit! fancy doing something at weekend?
In July I will start channeling Christopher Hitchens. His spirit assures me he still has much to say.
Well... Today will be fun!
Look officer, I'm not being a smartass. All I'm sayin' is if you caught me then you were speeding too. :p
Love having strep in the middle of summer. Knowing that brightens my day
Yard work my favorite!
Lol just neutralize messi and di maria that should be easy
BTW my previous tweet was but iThink not every1 got it!\n:D\n\n
As terrible as some of them are, are hilarious!
Wow there's nothing I love more than burning my leg on my searing hot laptop charger. I totally love it! Yes exams!
Don't u just love to see the person you hate everyday
oh great \nDanielle is ignoring me :( \nPeople is unfollowing me :(( \n\n
I'm always quieter at the weekend on Twitter because calms the fuck down and behaves better...\n\n\n\n
I love all this right now....
Well Isn't that fair RT : An independent BBC report says climate change deniers and science skeptics deserve less coverage
Thanks Monday for all the happiness you bring me...
I'm so prepared for the tests I have to write tomorrow and exams to write next week
Thanks so much Mother Nature, I really wanted to get stuck in Chicago tonight. REALLY.
Yep Boehner &amp; McConnell doing Medicare D &amp; trying to push amnesty was great
I can't believe how good those iSelect ads are
Traffic in downtown Toronto is so much fun! Now I understand why everyone loves this city
What America really needs is more saber rattling instead of actual foreign policy.
Well the great summer of sport continues for England\/Britain
- I might add.
Why yes cat. I indeed wanted a side of hairball vomit with my breakfast this morning.
And all I wanted was for you to be here. Great way to end the night on that drunken call.
I really love to sit and wait it's my favorite pastime
Ossie Ardilles is in no way hard to understand
So proud of my TTU red raiders for having racially abused such a high draft pick.
It's so great to be back at work today. Love waking up at 530
Counterfeit bill reports and being on hold are the two best things ever....
Working on my day off.. something I've always wanted to do..
3 grad slams away from sending it to extra innings!!
I'm pleased to hear likes to investigate race incidents prior to applying penalties, he's such a fair guy!
There's a person with Opinions sitting behind me on the bus. And we all have to hear them. Yay for self-righteous oversharing!
Im really glad I just read the tweet about lebrons travel plans the next few days.....I was on edge wondering
My job description for the next few weeks is painter. How awesome is that?
Not going to lie watching people going up to get their degrees is not as exciting as I first though...
If you listen closely you can hear the recent many fans that will remain loving the sport of soccer in after this game
Imagine how hard this would have been in 2000? I can't even.
Is this week over yet? 16 hour days and little sleep. I'm pretty happy.
Generasi Y mmng reti sembang pasai cinta ja kut
Uses for my laptop with no internet.
I did not miss the 10 hour nights
There are 1001 ways to explain why rape occurs, but objectification of women in films is not one of them-for that is art.\n\n
Jimmy Graham a TE.. Shocked!!
Can we please get more negative ads from cotton and Pryor.
Yeah, walk your dog in the middle of the road at night wearing black, that's a genius idea wow. It's not like people might hit you.
Easy way to boost interest in the , start games at 9:00!
Manley hits 112 with a long pole and wins the fastest shot contest. I could not be more riveted.
I wish the announcer would say "USA is looking 2nd best" one more time.
I hope Pierre McGuire is ready to wow me with his knowledge of every junior hockey team in North America
The neighbor got a new electric guitar. I couldn't be more excited.
So ready for tomorrow!!!
or dont text me back thats cool..
Gotta love St. Luke's
Another week of US hours
Looks like I left Miami the same day as Lebron. Be a leader not follower people.
Love people who reply to texts me
It doesn't annoy anyone at all!
Question, Tweeps. If I do deadlifts in an empty gym and DON'T put it on FB or Tweet about it, does it count?
Bila papa gomo bertukar jadi papa kedana
Despite what some of you may have thought, I didn't actually get hacked, I just like annoying people with stupid shit
Can't wait to work 6ish-2ish everyday this week.
Don't worry Spain - Carzola's on... It's all going to be fine
Yeah, that is all about himself.
Why the confused look when you ask what music I play, and I say "all kinds"? Now I'll answer "Both kinds: country AND western."
Oh wow! "Beach House" being played in the office for the first time today.
Time to drive to Norman and back to hand in a packet of papers.
I just love these tan lines
Ok so here's the story: Northerners (Holland&amp;Germany) literally ate the Peninsula Iberica(Spain&amp;Portugal).
YAYYYYY ALREADY AT WORK. -.-
When it is said to be for the children and it goes to exorbitant pensions those must be magic pensions to help the children, .
Diterusin aja, nggapapa kok ;) RT : pacaran rasa jomblo.
She's like she doesn't give a f@.. and i was hmmH, are you a virginnnn?
England are officially out of the world cup, thanks so much Italy for your help!
Me &amp; just need to get together, eat some ice cream &amp; cry because we are adults who can totally handle life.
Being a girl is awesome. You go through about 4 different personalities a day
Postcard from came today and some of them aren't cut properly. That's for you
So excited for work you have no idea
Thanks for letting me know there were pits in the olives.
Hello to you to!
Just got to San Diego w\/ Think we're the only two here from Arizona.
Obama wants to go it alone on immigration - everything else he has done has turned to gold- this should end well!
I can't wait for Obama's magical drones to solve the mess. Surely the locals will love it.....
Nice foul call
That's really convincing .
These next 2 days are gonna be just wonderful...
Waisay meine toh suna tha kaalay log baday strong hotay hain Ye Nigerian players ko itni chotin kyun lag rahin hain?
HA HA HA GUYS! I bet there'll be another leaving in august! HA HA HA . I'm not trusting anybody anymore.
\"You know nothing, Jon Snow\". Why? He looks intelligent to me.
Julio: Oh I see torches, do you think people put those down?\nH: No, they spawned here. LMFAO...my words exactly
Don't u just love it when ur chatting w\/some1 &amp; they don't even really pay that much attention 2 u?
Whoever will the British public support now?
So Season 2 of the Walking Dead game sure does start out cheerful
Love being an England fan
Wow. Lol. I didn't notice. Nothing slightly racist about that.
People prank calling you is so awesome
Idk about you but I personally enjoy someone making me feel like shit first thing in the morning.
That extra 20 minute test at the end was so fun and worthwhile
5sos playing the VMA's they're just too famous now
Man, look at all these Team USA bandwagon fans. I wonder how many Ghana be here if they don't make it out of group.
Another cena title run.
No subtitles. How am I supposed to understand this Dothraki language. Just great.
Being judged is such a wonderful feeling
still surprised senderos is on the bench for the Swiss and not playing with djourou like the good old days at Arsenal
Today has been so fucking great! I really enjoyed being treated like shit&amp;failing.:') and I'm completely sloshed right now. Bye!
So excited to spend the next three hours of my life at Clark graduation.
My bro Dt had me walk 1.25 miles just to eat dollar pizzas to get denied feet in pain
O yay jst found out my dress was see through
I'm going to let the yard go. They can condemn my house. Then I'll join an HOA 12 step program and repent.
I'm so glad this weather has been nothing but shitty this summer. It always gives me so much to do.
Thank God it's back.
Does Yo want to be bought by ? The app already has right color. (Purple.) All it needs is an a, h, another o and an !
My lash is coming off... great.
Arguing with my mom is my absolute favorite
Love that my favorite nba analyst is at the draft tonight
He's so cool.
Jenni: "was that about me?"
FUCK. ITS MONDAY. THE ONE DAY A WEEK THAT THE GYM IS CRAZY PACKED FOR SOME FUCKED UP REASON. workout once a week for mass
Spending 17 of the next 29 hours at work. Love it when that happens.
was the season of prejudice, &amp; apparently is the season of degrading women. Great Job
my stupid job, hour 13th. awesome
Hello anxiety. Nice to see you again.
Just got wind that both of the QBS on my team are down....sweet dude..
I just love going to bed just so I can lie here for a couple hours awake.
Wow it's really cool that you make fun of me for being immature and subtweeting and then you go and subtweet me
I love how no one ever tells me they are leaving and where they are going
Slept for about 2 hours last night. Tonight should be so much fun -.-
Hey Utah, I'm a federal judge. States rights are nothing to me. You don't have to wait in line to vote your majority, just ask me.
have existed for thousands of years for a reason, perhaps? For psychological, physiological
Guess who didn't study for his French exam tonight? Clearly it's because I already know the entire language fluently
I am a fan of . I am a huge fan of + .
Think for the Miami game the Huskers could get Osborne to spray the fire extinguisher during the tunnel walk???
My cousin just basically told me I'll be a lonely cat lady forever... Glad someone has faith in me
Although I'm relieved now knowing there's absolutely nothing I can do!
I'm not living if you're not by my side.
Yay! resumes again today. Missed you mate.
Get Rich Or Die Trying! Screw where you came from, if you can shoot people&amp;sell drugs then its a great life!
I love when I get a BBM notification on my iPhone, but no actual message.
What better way is there to get ready for the next episode of the Night Shift than to get an MRI done the day before.
I like how I was home alone watching movies
I love seeing the people I know at work, like the people I went to school with and everything. It's not awkward at all.
is finally happening in UP. Good job to those who lobbied and fought for it. Good job.
Way to stay classy heat fans
We're sorry we're not Canadian and don't know our hockey.
\": : Accused confesses to raping, murdering 81-year-old woman \"I guess she was wearing revealing clothes?\"
Uncovered, unattended manhole next to little league ball field. I like our city govt. They seem smart.
Imagine the damage he could have done if Hodgson was wrong and Suarez was world class
So I was supposed to cry but then I see trying so hard not to, as if she couldn't breathe like WTF, I ROFL'D
I'm so happy that I get to work until 12am tonight (monday) and wake up for a 9:45 shift the next morning!
So glad we have good quality people in the world.
Waking up sick is the best thing ever
No wedding ring equals better response from casting directors...who would have thought.
Wait I've been working her for 10 months now and I just had no idea we were suppose to chart meals...
Because real heroes that actually offered something, and paid their dues, to society don't deserve any recognition at all.
Oh no....you had to wash ONE pan in the last 2 months.
I get to sleep in until 6:15! So excited
Just lost an hour out of my night.. Thank you time zones!
Yay I'm shopping today...
Dont you just love it when the patient comes to your pharmacy already in a bad mood?
Hey Pop, maybe i can come play with you guys next year. -Lebron to Coach Popovich after the game tonight.
The maturity level is just... Through the roof.
Hey Utah, I'm a federal judge. I'm your moral compass, not you know who. Right there in that book , yeah, scratch that out.
People that are blinded by their hate for a player because of the team he plays for so they disregard facts, are my favorite people.
So happy that the curling pic is in the yearbook!!
Guys I'm seriously starting 2 worry about the happiness of all the celebs who need 2 knw me 4 theirown good!
I'm so glad the are scoring so many runs to support Wood tonight!
Everything is fine.
What?!?!! He took off Fred?? Madness!!!!
Thanks I didn't want my TV or broadband working on a Friday night in.
You know what really helps with sleep? A loud thunderstorm to rumble you in and out of REM.
Day 1: going well then?
These British announcers though
Si anda total no queria hablar...
And don't we all? Taboos are for dummies, no judgement, be free.
Really glad this country spent almost a trillion dollars turning Iraq into Disneyland for terrorists.
EVERYBODY PANIC. RT : lose back to back games for first time since May 16-17.
was reportedly shot today. Can anyone confirm? Pics\/video or it didn't happen.
Security on point with that person running on the field.....
So I'm wearing a black tank top and plain red shorts and this dude came up to me and said \"sick outfit\"\n
I'll be rooting for the Heat in game 6!
What a classy world we live in.
Finding someone that's like you &gt;&gt;&gt;
(Sorry to the Ronaldo fan girls)
Wow my friends love me so much.
The market is plummeting all the way above 17,000.
I just love when people can tweet but not text you back
Has anyone made a World War II reference on twitter yet?
always good when you turn on the jays game and santos is pitching
Gosh I love working morning shifts the day after the 4th!!
\"Things can only get better\" - Yazz
Benghazi attack mastermind captured? I'm confused. I thought the videomaker was already in Jail?
What a great fucking morning!!
People think I'm being , but I'm just really mean to people.
Yay can't sleep :)
Tonight was eventful.
Shout out to for the wake up call this morning!
Next Sunday.Next Sunday.Next Sunday.This i hear at service centre. Nice place to spend ur sunday
SUUUCH a great day today day
is the lowest form of wit, but the highest form of intelligence
oh cool, my drunk hispanic neighbors are having karaoke night
Kevin was right. And Eric is proud of him
Yeah because its not like we've been waiting FOREVER for it to come out
What a great fifth tool there, Trout.
Also, anyone know the score of the Germany vs Brasil match? Can't find it anywhere.
True, I don't have to be . But the world has given me so much material to work with!
Having LUNCH at this time in the morning should be a crime.
I hope hay fever doesn't exist in Australia, other wise I'm not going!!!
you realize your wit hit a level of !
You know ur going all natural when the campground had wifi
Nee hoor, met tientallen auto's minutenlang jullie claxon indrukken maakt jullie niet marginaal.
So today a rocket flew to tel aviv and I live near tel aviv so that was fun
You are soooooooo cool! You have tattooes on your face &amp; smoke weed. Let me be you.
Obama trying to "fix" illegal immigration...because his policies have worked soooooo well.
I just love it when people walk in 5 minutes before closing time.
In the desists chair to replace a crown - best way to start the week!!!
Good one! RT : The real question is why do you steal action's logo? Get your own
You know what makes a struggling lineup better? Adding two untested, so far light-hitting rookies and a free swinger.
On the road to Mexico, yay.
Work in an hr yay
The Ability to Insult Idiots without them Realizing it...
Ohmygod you guys this candy bar is on sale! Its normally $1.50 but now its 2 for $3! What. A. Buy.
Gosh I love being invited to do things.
Early morning . .. yay
I totally love sending emojis that i cant see...
Just got this text from my ex: "Hey I need your bank info for wiring directly"
good thing there's so many good tv channels here in VT
Psh what kinda MVP strikes out
Animal crackers for breakfast. Yes I swear I'm an adult
oh wait, it's only bad parenting in this case b/c of hatred
Dang, don't try so hard. I wouldn't like an effort
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them. but
My comes in 3 levels:
Oh wait I'm working at 11-9 today. I'm going to be hysterical.
I am so excited for the chemistry exam tomorrow, I don't think I will get any sleep tonight as I am so excited *holds gun to head*
Now if that kid who caught AJ's hr ball was a real fan, he would try to extort a bundle of memorabilia from Adam after the game.
Shocker (): My flight out of is delayed over an hour. Plus side: I haven't left the office yet, so I'm getting lots done.
My comes in 3 levels.
Kamiya from Platinum Games....LUMINES?!
Sometimes I forget how good of a model I am for little kids
Eeee tak sabar nye nk balik kolej
Hey, at least drafted Shabazz...they can build around him...Right?
Is that girl at the and mariners game right behind home plate listening to music AND texting??? Wow. What a fan...
grazie per i 120 minuti di wi-fi Bangkok e per le 4 ore di ritardo dell'aereo..apprezzo molto...
today's a good day to go to the walk In clinic in mukilteo, even tho I have fundraiser and camp prep work.
Oh its 1:45am you say..cool yea no no I wanna be up right now.
Sorry, I didn't get your text. Just kidding I ignored that shit !
Wow an all guys alliance!? That's a first.
Wow A+ boyfriend right here
Cant wait to be informed that I have to start all over today in class :D
RVP a doubt for tomorrow. Oh noooo...
Otra noche despierta, que genial.
Walked home in the rain today. BIG thx to the driver who purposely drove through the giant puddle to drench me from head to toe.
Makes me feel real good
Thank you everyone for letting me know on snapchat there was a storm coming. As if the clouds didn't give it away.
You mean you're not a communist, good for you
The witty will have fun, but the stupid won't get it :)
RT : Top tip. To illicit a \"thank you\" from someone offer them a cheery \"you're welcome!\" First.
lol what a surprise that was, didn't see that one coming
Kinda want to learn Latin, sounds like heaps of fun
I like how vivid this memory is...
It took about 5 minutes to break under the pressure. This was not something I expected. Nor did anyone else.
La bola que me dio hoy mi novio :):):):):)
I want to watch a red box movie, with popcorn in my pj's.
Yay, at work
was reportedly shot today. Can anyone confirm? Pics/video or it didn't happen.
Were England playing tonight? .....
Alright Bosh good defense
Jam session in the Jeep with friends is always a fun time
In honor of my distaste for I'll be posting the same picture everyday, remixed, until I'm tired of it. Starting today.
As much as I love babysitting an annoying child , I'd much rather be doing something I actually enjoy today. Happy 4th to me.
Been up for 20 hours, and i feel great! but it's worth the drive, time for a little nap;) ;)
$BBRY Does BlackBerry still exist
should commit to . It may enrich their perspective on ticketing.
Off to the hospital for some injections into my spine. Really looking forward to it.
That moment when you're lifting a box and you know a sexist comment isn't far behind.
There are some lovely drunk people outside my window.
Damn that Joey Lagano, he needs to stay in the Cup series where he belongs. Wait, that's not Kyle, so it's okay.
Yeah Cole a real 'wonderful' career ...
ehhh thanks for making sure i was okay today though, appreciate that
Luke Bryan asked if anyone had work today after the concert...how about an 8 am shift and a double?
No, isn't becoming what became before it shut down.
This weather doesnt make mondays any worse AT ALL.
just in case anybody thinks I'm being thick! Hahahaha
The power's out. Time to shower in the dark woohoo
Loving the texts I'm getting!!!
Nothing better than bringing up old memories\/stories of how I dropped the ball... haha
Wow so glad I hungout with friends and didn't sleep all day
Well that 1 hour of sleep was enough before work.
for the slow b*tches that's looking confused.
Ugh, construction-related driving delays are the absolute worst. Right up there with famine.
Italy can sleep well thinking they have played to the plan ....
Adrian Chiles for FIFA president
The humidor was a huge factor in the Rockies game tonight. brewers win the pitchers duel 13-10.
Getting the call about detasseling kind of ruins summer. But just a little
Tuxedo mask, still the most original name ever.
thanks mom&amp;dad, you always like to remind me how \"great\" my future is going to be.
One way relationships always seem to work out
Thats what I did last night.
Al-Baghdadi what a great release by our president..
She kept him on her benefits for three months WOW now that's what you all the Protestant Work Ethic in action
Nothing like reading lines and lines of code to fix a problem
I m sorry but I m ...
Wearing sunglasses while fucking a lady makes you classy.
love a good firmware conversation
Reading someone's status and wanting to write: OMG you're so cool!!
Honey, I don't look. I'm looked at.
So nice of the to shut off our water without notice! YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!!!
would you rather be unremittingly or unwittingly
Surprised the Al Jazera three aren't free by now.....
why isnt arod an all star this year
Ipswich is on Benefits Britain: Life On The Dole. Oh I do love where I live
wow this weather is just so great for summer thank u mother earth
The school of nursing ALWAYS brightens my day
Hamas should top firing rockets from civilian areas, sure, Hamas please go to Mars and shoot your rockets.
Early morning feedings cuz I don't need sleep
Trying to get on ITunes, this is a fun process\n\n
Just finished my medical history paperwork. Now that half of the conditions on the page are checked I feel great about my health!
Nothing like this feud to cement my new found appreciation of The Show Off. \r\r
My boyfriend said; If you loved me you wouldn't drink so much, I said; If I didn't drink so much I probably wouldn't love you.
Oh - what a glorious British summer day. Just perfect for entertaining clients at Ascot all day.
all these dutch fans celebrating like they've won the world cup, not over yet haha
clearly I'm the favourite ha ha
This walk home is aboutta be so great \n
Reading through Jr Fair rules &amp; counting how many rules have been changed because of my family
I can assure you my amazing awesomeness is certainly not contagious.
Adesso che funziona la hotword di Google in italiano posso fare il finto figo con le ragazze.
Big shout out to and !! We couldn't do it without you and thanks for keeping us all safe!
Just thought I'd let you know I separated from you.
terima kasih TWK dan TKD :D
It's a good thing another Starbucks just opened in NYC because the 5 million other ones, all one block apart, weren't enough
If Tim Howard was just a little better, this game would be tied.
gusto ko talaga yung problema ng ibang pamilya ang meron kami. gusto ko talaga yon.
has a 60% chance of advancing to finals according to ESPN without Neymar/Silva. Nothing suspicious there at all...
Well that's not what I was hoping for.
LOVE it when dingo says 'fuck' LOL RT : gee I wonder who the first Team America (FUCK YEAH) member will be???
Well great. All of next week the weather is gonna be shit in Switzerland.
An entire summer dealing with these tourist. Oh effing A
I KNOW!\n\nLet me retweet and post porn on social media so I can show all my followers that I'm not a virgin and that I'm not gay!\n\n
I love how will never notice me... :'/
Peyton Manning at ?\nShocked.
Wait, Tina Charles didn't score 15 pts in the 1st quarter tonight?? WHAT A SURPRISE!!?! No one saw that coming
I just love how my parents like to make me get up and do things instead of eating and watching Netflix.\n
makes you mentally stronger. Which is very effective when dealing with emotional stress and frustration.
Starting 15 all Cudmore size!!
I'm so excited to spent 10 days with my wonderful mother.
Get Smalling on for Jagielka
I forgot is clearly the most meaningful excuse ever
So glad to read lately about all these businesses that have accepted Jesus into their hearts.
Es divertido como Blink me deja a dos velas~
I like it when the airport has a blackout
I love being appreciated.
woww great friends i got
Thanks a lot man
I love when girls act like they got some really great news, but then they secretly sneak in the bad news and play it off...
I love being virtually out of stock at work
Getting ready to stay up all night to try and get a job, Whoo hoo!
With a chair.
Lawro's commentary (about a baby in the crowd), \"I thought it was Danny Mills\".
According to \"24 yr old PhD\" he is to be my best client ever. Obviously he's going to post me my fee &amp; tip me 100%. What a bloke!
How I'm gonna spend my afternoon? Grumpy and frustrated because I'll know where nothing is at work.
RT : I gotta say Mike D called that! i forget who else said would win.
Guys LeBron can't be the best player in the world cause the Spurs are shooting an impossible percentage!
Another week almost full of opening shifts. Oh yay.
7am gone come early.. So looking forward to tossing 40-60 pound spools of fabric.
I'm so glad that someone stood up for those downtrodden corporations. 'Cause remember, they're people too.
I love how funky looking bitches be like imma fkn dime Im bomber than all these females! Mmhmm ok yes u are booboo lol
Didn't see that one comin at all; he's the most faithful guy I know
Woo Hoo. Yay!
Barrel aged. RT : its pumpkin beer season.
So glad the world cup of rowing is on rather than the test match from the UK
Heavy use of lately, but sometimes that is based upon the political material we are given to work with - too easy
Where is C.Martinez when U need him? \n: Hale has allowed 5 runs, 2 days after allowing 5 runs in the 13th inn
I really enjoy listening to people complain about petty things while I'm on break.
We had a show in Cleveland called Chuck's last call?
why don't you just lock me up in a tower? then you can be 100% sure that i'm safe
Apparently Ronaldo was greeted at the hotel by \"a topless model, and someone dressed as Donald Duck\". Seems relevant.
LBJ is going back to the Cavs? Wow, never saw that coming...
Cubs bullpen is spectacular
Headed to Chicago this weekend for a tourney. I hear it's a pretty safe place right now.
ESPN HATES Joel Embiid
They tell you they care for you, put you in a financial backdrop, then leave you... Oh that's class isn't it?
Waiting in a car park to pick up my sister from prom
Can't wait for to pivot from 24\/7 coverage to next weeks commentary
You should be a preacher with the way you tweet so inspirationally
no one knows the meaning of anything but who cares right? lol.. let's "T.U."
Aw :) I think I was subtweeted. How cute.
Sooooo does anyone get the sense that Patrick Ewing wants a head coaching gig?
So glad that Obama can relax in August! He's been so busy making so many difficult decisions.....
Thank you Jacosta for putting on God's radar!
NO. My tweets are not about you. Get over yourself. RT !!!
. It's what's for dinner.
Making a shopping list at 4am.
But some of you don't live on planet Earth so I understand your indifference
Best gile tgok optimus prime tadi.
You guys would make such a perfect couple omfg&lt;333
Look at pictures of how things used to be.. What a great way to end my day.
I love how u think busting ur ass is notifying on 2 trbls. How cute.
There ain't a problem that can't be fixed by shooting it at point blank range in the face. Yeehaw!
Wch drug are u high on?
Oh no , how will feminists afford a 9$/month pill now!?!?!?
I'm late for class today. I can't wait to have people stare at me like I have six tits.
The phrase "Geneva Convention" has no direct translation to different languages.
It's great not being someone's priority
Oh no a college coach decided to stay in college instead of going to the pros... Shocking
You know what show I hate. Marvels Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Like who would ever want to watch that.
I was going to lose my sleep if I didn't see that.
I think it's cute when two people who should be together, know it, but don't do anything about it.
Oh how I've missed Michelle Smith commentating
The worst part about this loss is that it proves was right!
SI VAS A EMPEZAR CON TUS MAMADAS\nEMPIEZA DESDE ABAJO
Yup. Gonna be a good day.
Awesome service centre..
I love the state of Canadian broadband. I can tell when it's raining because everything grinds to a halt
You can't buy .
Love it when Luke leaves me at Parts n Things!
Listening to trance and doing housework brilliant
Also enjoy this one, NBA. This will be the last non sixers championship for a while
Today is just fabulous
Jk leg day at the gym tomorrow!
It's so great that my sisters and I don't even talk anymore.
How often does someone actually feel the need to post about going to the gym? You're obviously doing it for your own health
Everyone keeps asking how to erase bad memories. Alcohol. A shit ton of alcohol. \n
Good job, movie. Give the \"real live cavewoman\" character make-up, perfect curly hair, and a boob window. Perfect.
I love when hits my hand in with a rubber mallet
Well I always know how to ruin things, so that's nice
Great job by getting non-bias commentators !\n\n
Oh yes, because being a slut is a good thing.
How could I forget! A person can get to a bodybuilders level over night? Haha! I've been wrong all along!
ok - get it together NYC - I want to see EVERYONE tweeting about the fireworks ...
Beauty is nothing without brains.
Wifi in my house is so so so so good. Thank you bt :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
Well done for showing Lebrons walk to the locker room. You guys suck! Show the champs!
And with the Aereo ruling the Supreme Court sets technology laws back 30 years! Well done!\n
Really approving of all this effort you're making lol
Wow great to see NSW have some class in winning any way enjoy
They caught the high park pond caiman? I'm SO relieved.
Yea I'm really offended by a ten year old calling me a snitch...maybe don't use derogatory terms....
Really Exciting baseball being played at Fenway by the once again tonight!
It's how I feed my children.....
Yorkshire is clearly the place to be with the spectacle of a few people riding bikes AND pretty cloud formations
cuz it sure makes a lot of sense to have the best pitcher in the A.L. not in the ASG
Oh boy, another year with Clint Trickett!
Oh how I love Mondays.
I'm away from a TV right now...anybody know what they're talking about on right now?
5 more tweets to 1O,OOO. Who would guess I talk that much? hahaha
6 days until the It feels like forever ughhhhh
Geez, Lloris, way to blow it.
Friend: can cure all diseases\nMe: Sure, I'll make sure to send you all the terminal &amp; patients\nF: :-\/\nMe: Moron\n
You're such a GREAT person. No really. So great. \n\n
Doing nothing sure beats setting stuff on fire especially if the explode!
Where are all the Fourth of July pics?
I love plowing roadkill on the interstate
oh hey, I start work Monday, can't wait get to clean other people's mess. yay.
I had no idea the World Cup was on, because no one is tweeting about it.
Ayos mga classmate ko sa marketing...
Great to be back..
Great call tonight ......
Guys guys, don't all hit me up at once! Jeez
Once again cant make it to the bank on time because I got paid late. Good thing I don't have bills to pay.
Those American flag shorts may possibly be the most patriotic thing I've ever laid eyes on.
Never knew this but Chad Dawson's alias of "Bad" is intended to be intimidating. I always thought it was b/c he sucks.
Another day, another all time high. Let's go SPX 2000
Oh. isn't ever going to make iPhone 5c cases? Ok........ Great.
In honor of I have decided to cook for my hubby today!
Alhamdulillah.. Done subuh.... \n\n
this weekend is going to be a blast
I send the hottest snap chats ever!
Thanks to whoever just threw the bag of watermelon in the back of our truck.
It's 10 o'clock and I've already had an argument with my mum.. Today is going to be such an amazing day
I wonder if there's something going on in regards to equality in Indiana? My feeds are saturated with it.
My mom told me to start watching my weight cuz she can tell im getting heavier...
Dept of Homeland Security on the T this morning. .I feel so much safer.
Not like i dont live from paycheck to paycheck or anything
Good thing you are really smart
According to my calculations...we have at least 10 minutes of added time. AT LEAST.
Good thing that missed handball that should've been a PK for Costa Rica doesn't look like the difference in the game
Nah I'll just do all the yard work that's cool
Gah. Screw eating out, I didn't want that money anymore anyway. but oh man was my food amazing.
Wow! Great way of supporting your team Brazilian fans!
Some of these bitches/niggaz pathetic.... Y'all got diff drama every damn day....thanks 4 sharing wit us
I replied "if I don't need you are you still Chris?"
: I made a woman supper and she didn't sleep with me.
I always love coming to my aunt's house so she can suffocate me with her cigarette smoke.
science is great i love science bury me in science stuff
So little time to myself. Got to love having short staff at work.
Rooney missed a header from 1 yard put because he played on the left against Italy. I didn't suit him. .
Oh my god!!!! Its national best friend day!!!
You know what they say.. The fourteenth time's the charm! Lol
.So at first you're an EA Ronku sellout and now you're a sellout for Xbox? Go frag yourself kid.
Nice to know you want this as bad as I do
Aderall and Dr. Pepper. MAYBE an hour of sleep. And non stop studying until Friday. thanks to my LOVELY manager..
Yay! It's summer!
I take the \"L\" and \"R\" on my headphones way too seriously.
A mi me alegra q pase Argentina, lo confieso.. Holanda hubiera sido un gran finalista. Alegria por mil!! Pasamooos...!!
My new favorite neighbor is the owner of the guinea that is roaming the neighborhood yards and constantly honking all day.
I love studying &lt;3
What an original ending. Haven't seen this before
Absolutely love having hayfever...
If Dr. Oz says it, it must be true right?
Best fourth of July ever
Why does vitamin pills have to be huge?Like shit can't be any bigger cause apparently the size it is now it is so easy to swallow!
Ayee done work
Dad: well at 8:00
10 hour shift tomorrow YAY excited!
Excuse me while I throw a fuckin pity party
You're welcome from France.
2 weeks holiday in the Royal Victoria Infirminary for IVs and 'MOT' booked.. oh yey
Waking up at 10am on a Saturday what a great way to start the weekend!!!
This season will have the rainiest of days and the sunniest of days, hooray
It's said that is the lowest form of . To that I say \"No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a !\"
Ali really looked shaken up her mom was dead
My life is cool
This Ochoa guy is alright, I guess.
Well this week is off to a WONDERFUL start.
I am so impressed that you can read the answer out of the book! You are so smart. Great job!
Kanye West is so gangsta he lectures about louis vuitton racism &amp; fashion injustices
One more time.....fantastic
I love how my mom lectures me about every lil thing I do.
LMAO :D :)
My mood keeps getting better and better
This game is intense!
True friends greet each other with an insult.
I guess Gitmo is actually war headquarters instead of a prison camp
Ohhh 2 girls kissing, you guys look so hot!! lmao
Sooooooo Floyd is fighting Maidana again in Sept! I'm thoroughly shocked!!!
Just had a bread sandwich....yes a bread sandwich;D some might say that we need food. Nah. What makes you say that??
? What's that?!
I just love being called anorexic
.Cheers for cancelling my flight from Belfast to Glasgow in the morning. It isn't inconvenient in the slightest.
I'm having a when I'm like a .
Off to a wake for Ron's uncle's dad and then his mom's bday dinner.
Sehwag's footwork has really improved in the twilight of his career.
Why do English people always say thank you when they don't mean it?
Italians got some closure....
Whatever Hodgson said to the lads to take all the fight, passion and ability away certainly worked
It's been really tough to get anything done today. Everyone keeps on stopping me to talk about nomination of Jean-Claude Juncker
Knowing you have no chance with someone is the greatest feeling ever..
0-0 final score after 93 minutes of play. Soccer is such a fun sport to watch!
I absolutely love it when I go to rehearsal and barely rehearse at all....
Man I tweet so much!
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
I'm just going to blame everything on Mercury being in retrograde, because my day is just going that well
Thanks for everything .
Love that my dentist appt was rescheduled for a later time and I'm still waiting...
I move into my own apartment sundaayy and I'm feelin the gray hairs comin already
I guess Tyler is fun..
Shoutout to my Buick for being a reliable automobile
Yeah bro, watching your biceps while you do curls totally makes them grow.
One of the searches that landed someone at my website is \"my friend is a nudist\". Oh NO!? Not a ! Anything but that!!
TWILIGHT - greatest movies EVER!!!
im not fat. my stomach is 3d.
Dem fake smiles that are plastered on instagram &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
hnd man gid masyado masakit mag braces aa...
Anyone know when the boston July 4 fireworks are???
Right. America does not have a gun problem. Nope. Huh uh.
No now I would actually prefer you hit me while I'm jogging that's cool no need to stop or anything
Well at least Brazil got 1 goal....
Great !!! Another sims game hahaa
I never knew that my college management are so generous that they declare holiday due to rise in temparture(unbearable heat). :P
Man, remember when Pinkie made Luna feel like an outcast? It's like doesn't understand her character.
I'm a belligerent idiot
You look real nice walkin in them new j's
If Hurdle had Pedro in the 4 hole he woulda seen that Walker pitch instead so it's Clints fault.
Big News. The Celtics are trying to acquire a 2nd round pick. Let's get this party started!
Cracking day. Treated myself to some retail therapy. It's been so long I almost forgot how to do it.
If Robben scores for NED I will give my car away RT and Follow to enter.
I study CODE OF ETHICS..
Think Like a REAL Black Man, Alan West! You gotta hate your skin color to be real!
I'm so glad that my sister has people like her bf and his parents to control her she really needs it!!
Is anyone else as stoked for today as I am ? ?
Lebron fouls Parker... then Pushes off for the drive... NBA refs are great!
Who wants to come bra shopping with me?
It's 3.30am and I'm Watching vlogs when I should be sleeping! since I have work at 8 :/
They don't know Dot like I know Dot, Steve says "Ah Shut Up" Butt Blog Ur Brains Out!
41-52 hours next week. I just love that there's 10 hours I may or may not have.
Oh my goodness I finally got to use the key that unlocks the laundry room at my apt complex. I never thought this day would happen
Tour at 4:00 for Leggett &amp; Platt . Fun
My is an allergic reaction to your !
another week of waiting MY HOLIDAYS ARE THE BEST
Guided by \"G-d\" no doubt. \nRT : Israeli Channel 10: Qassam rocket hit a settler house in , no injuries reported
Time to take on my last 15 modules.
\": World Cup protest. 3pm today. Sao Paolo. Word is it will be big.\" will there be a screen up so people can watch?
thanks for removing the \"recently added\" section from their website. I hated knowing what new movies they got
Bbc3 hate repeating programs enit
Spending 6+ hours in the ER is super fuuuunnnnn
when people say goodnight,are they really wishing you a "good night"? What if the evening is mediocre..?
A bird just flew into the kitchen window and now it's just flopping on the roof of the sunroom... What a great start to the day
Great thing about being allergic to everything is I have no idea what I'm having a reaction to right now.
To the victims, it only gets better from here
I'm not going out unless it's to the beach until my vacation. I plan to make it rain on vaca lol
The ability to insult without them it!!
Buzzing on this 5-1:30 shift! So good :) made even better by the fact I'm in tomorrow from 11-6
Im so suprised that Megatron is and Manning is .....
I fucking love YouTube capture cause it posts the wrong video to the wrong channel
Watching the match build up to match and thinking, damn these presenters and analysists know everything.
This announcer for ESPN is just doing a SWELL job of pronouncing Herzegovina, well on son
Ako + Afternoon= Hot AFTERNOON :DD *EvilLaugh*
Be proud Australia
I just love that I have been here for almost a year, and people who have been here for a month are getting more hours than me. ...
sometimes, i miss to eat maggi.
Its been 4 long years, but welcome back Cavs fans
When someone describes themselves as a \"bubbly person\" I think no style, a little dim and possibly overweight.\nMy dream love
LeBron &amp; Carmello opted out of their contracts. Wonder if Darko is too? I mean if the 1st &amp; 3rd picks did, I assume would too.
Waiting for to pick me up!
If idiot could fly this place would be an Airport. lol
Museum today, because I need to educate my uncultured swine. \nNow, how do I show via twitter? ?
Hey, look! Sheamus vs. Del Rio again! Just what the WWE Universe needs!
Am I getting follows because of my looks and not my music?.. It's hard being ridiculously good looking! ; )..
A UFC fight is going on? I had no idea!!
Lol RT : How did know that I was hoping he'd remix 's \"Fancy\"? Amazing...
Happy 2014th Birthday America!
OH NO I HAVE TO WORK AT THE THIS IS THE WORST JOB EVER..........
getting eggs off of my house is my favorite thing to do
cannot wait to hear about LeBron some more!!!
And now the power's out...luck's on my side today!
Please, the national anthem is longer last time I checked.
love getting summer homework
What a night!
Best combination in the world. Thanks for helping.
I love laying here not being able to sleep. It's so soothing...
Were the Heat even the second best team in the NBA?
Going home and having a glass of wine.
There's nothing I'd rather do than wait an hour on a tarmac in Houston on my flight that is struggling w/ air conditioning
My skin is so perfect for prom :):):):)
Love how my mom is obviously checking my emails on a regular basis
I'm so glad they canceled the trademark on the r name. I'm offended by it as a white man that gets easily sunburned.
Hey, did y'all know there are fireworks tonight?
Nice uniforms . You look like ladybugs. Very manly.
Another modeling contract in the works. Thank god! I dont know what else I would do for a job.
Yayy may quiz bukas. I'm so happy omg.
Lookin ass by Nicki Minaj is probably the most lyrical master piece since run this town.
Costa Rica got outshot 23-8, beaten in shots on goal 8-1, outpossessed 60%-40%, and yet will be moving on. Hooray for PKs
Dear Bossmus, good move putting AJax in the leadoff spot. 4K's and a double play that ends a rally were just what we needed today.
Today turned out great.
The fault in our stars was the worst movie ever
The Heat's going after Danny Granger to help them win another championship, just like he did in Indiana.
Thank you for being so understanding.
Today is my one day off in 10 - awfy excited\n\nwait! I get to go to my nieces dance recital for three hrs tonight - yayyy \n\n
What a demoralising day, bad egg that Cellino chap.
Yes San Jose. Weed is the root of all the problems not prescription drug abuse or gang violence
Another boring night... Surprising.........
So glad to know you've got my back.
If some1 breaks your heart ,Punch them in the face ! No seriously! Punch them in the face ! And go get some ice cream
Well Done England
Thanks for putting ads in the middle of videos now.
Mood = happy. \n
Just lost power
The hens that are surrounded by little chickens are very peaceful. You can get closer with confidence.
Absolutely exhausted and now I get to turn around and babysit a 2 year old at a swim meet for 6 hours yayyyyyy
so Jane is with Casey...Maura is with Frankie...oh yeah is sooo cool.....is my friend
Danny Dyer at the swimming pool, another quality bit of writing.
Thank you for ruining 5.6 because now it doesn't seem to run on the lower tier cloud instances
Rocking out so hard to Duran Duran right now. ?
LMFAO $50M for Luiz? Seriously? That man marking is defenitely worth it.
\": 2 months of destroying my liver begin now\"\n\nGreat way to start your summer!
Love being at home with nothing to do, its good fun\n
My birthday is tomorrow and my only definite plans are going to the BMV for a new license.
RT : (I like how is the one angry about this)
Oh hey. I forget I have a fucking twitter account.
Work was fun
really appreciating the recognition, thanks
Awww I lost a follower
Pools still not open...its okay though its not like I wanted to use it or anything
How did I know? I have this super human power of reading and comprehension...
Glad to see my return to twitter has been a great success
My Friday the 13th is spent icing my arm.
Hulk misses. Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
Sister said he was tall, she said as tall as you. I say, oh giant!
When you put "have a great day!" In your email signature, I always hear it as in my head.
I speak at least 20 languages fluently thanks to Google translate!!
Oh look. Evil angel you captured got out. I'm totally shocked.
If robbers ever broke into my house
Sweet, The NFL "lost" their concussion judgement. This won't change football at all.
Well guess what? We're all sick again! Isn't that terrific?
Love a trip to pride park on the last game of the season
I love how some people take pride in being a dumb ass.
I knw bt these jokes ain't that cool hehe! ": bro. Checkout its true Kenya has neither conceded a goal nor ...
My heart says yes but my mom says no
Downside is my rings don't fit my finger anymore. Oh dear.
Ok life, that was fun. Now let me off this ride I don't want anymore.
Aw it's so cute how sneaky you are! It's truly a quality every girl looks for in a guy
Johnson is amazing
Bus is only twenty five minutes late so far
Doing research on recreational marijuana is so much fun.
Rail Fares now make inrails for the Airlines, offo, IRCTC will open another webpage, \"bookmyflight\"
Lord Song with a red card. I am pretty sure all teams in europe envy us for having this lad, top class player.
oh great a new halo
This Taha kid looks good, I wonder if he can be a good back-up for me
Hey thanks for my broadband. It's amazing. 305min remaining on YouTube upload 6 min vid.
Kinda did not want a morning class but...math...8am-8:50am Mon-Thurs. AWESOME!
Yay - a hyposwap
I enjoy nothing more than seeing pics of fireworks
Buck Martinez has all the answers..maybe, he'll come back and manage when Gibby is canned
Thank goodness that's over... My heart rate can finally lower! I mean what a nail biter!!!
You'd think Mr Wof would know by now that my comment \"I'll sort everything, you stay on the sofa\" really means the exact opposite
Because I love redoing work I did yesterday because of someone else's mistake...
Thank you Supreme Court! See what you did to America's World Cup team?
Absolutely love being reminded that, after Sunday, I have no holidays from work until the last weekend in October. Thanks. So happy
if i were the referee i would have banned chellini for having strong bones and hurting suarez' teeth
Robben is another pirated copy of Messi.
Can't stop sneezing. Nose won't stop running. I love it, y'all!
I am in bed already, you may be telling yourself, \"What an idiot!\" But then it come back with nothing... I go in at 2am. Yay!
Belgium v Algeria. What a fucking cracking game Husband needs to go back on lates! Time for walkies I think
wasn't great tonight and now the brilliant Girardi brings in Thornton. You deserve a manager of the year award.
Niet kunnen slapen + kutmuggen + vieze rioolstank in je kamer = volop genieten
Rumor has it a grand jury in Sao Paolo is convening to hear evidence of possible bribery.
Gorgeous day! Buzzing to be sat inside all day!
Didn't know that Eve was a prostitute and Adam a druggie-murderer. Thank you ,it makes me proud of my first ancestors .
//my favorite part of family/friends page is how victoria copy and pasted him and damians relationship &lt;333 lol
I can't tell from my TL.
Oklahoma is Choctaw for \"red people\", which is what the Choctaw called themselves. How could they be so insensitive?
Maryland and Rutgers are in the Big Ten officially. I haven't been this excited since I saw laundry soap was on sale.
Yup.. You don't lieeeee.
more and more people keep dying from type 1. but its ok just keep blowing off our funding like it's nothing. we don't need a cure.
Hati tu jangan biar kan hitam sangat. Clorox dah nak pupus dah tak lama lagi.
I reject exercise like it's a form of authority
Oh my gosh! I love summer...
Thanks for keeping me overly updated on weed sales. It is very necessary to retweet 20+ tweets about it before 1pm..
obviously isn't a very good league. ML S players and concacaf teams having a terrible cup
I can't wait to see 1 million pictures of the same fireworks tonight!!
We dont need cushion seats in the II class compartment. We will just rip the covers and hurt our own ass!.
Today is just amazing.
There's no spark notes for \"daytripper\"... It's a good thing I understand the book so well.
Why would anyone think the first 2 HOH's would work together?!?! Crazy!!
Rest easy my fellow Leaf fans. We still have Bozak, Clarkson, and Phaneuf. \n
Am I a THOT? If in doubt, probably yes. I mean, all single women are hoes right?
What better way to spend this sunny day, than driving 2 hours to sit in a class room for 4 hours!
I would like to say thank you to this community without you guys I would have NEVER seen 6-10 dicks per day :))))))))))))
Got home to find the Germans beating Portugal. Oh dear, that is a shame
I love when my dad tells me to shut up.
So happy to be back
Vanek signs with Minnesota? I didn't see that coming at all!
So a body was just found in Westville, surely it doesn't have anything to do with the Hells Angels right?
Thank you North Carolina for giving us the benefit of the doubt everyday about the weather
Who is Lebron James??? I don't get it
For those that keep complaining that twitter needs a font, it's not hard. At all. All you do is this: . Boom.
Really happy about sitting at work right now while not making time &amp; a half on this glorious holiday after 3 hrs of sleep...
Wow I'm really glad things followed through...
Good job Ref just a few more red cards to the Portuguese and the US stands a fighting chance but
I am so lucky to be from this lovely town, with lots of stuff to do and so much opportunity
Gotta love when the weather is so hot you start sweating immediately after a cold shower -_-
Sounds like an entertaining game at Richmond Oval...
Be sure to thank for all the freedom women have in Louisiana .... oh wait
Some of the questions I'm asked make me want to come out with the most answer.
Best day ever with my bff
Fantastic call ref.
Unsolicited dick pics. MY FAVORITE!
Mascara is all over my sheets and pillowcases (and also Erik's shirt, sorry boo).
Two more days in paradise. ?
Another fun day in paradise ...
Because everyone is on their phones,
Really looking forward to the condescending posts about the 4th &amp;what dicks the founding fathers were &amp; celebrating makes u awful
Me sacastic never
How come no one on my TL has mentioned how suffer from suarezs ban?
A shitty start to my birthday. Who could've seen this coming?? lol
Love it when people take me so seriously when I say that I can't breathe
Well as long as you're being mature
Couple of more days and you'll be Nigerian
My dad has this awesome way of knowing when I'm upset and how to make me feel better
Nothing better than sitting at home alone listening to fireworks
OMG!! Cena won! I totally didn't see that coming!
So, Team America is pretty much America's Player x3? Terrific.
I'm so glad that they didn't get either pitcher from the
Listening to the Les Mis soundtrack in class was the best idea...cause my emotions aren't already wrecked or anything.
Seriously cannot wait till I can have sex again
It would be SUPER AWESOME if I could see the web stream of the I'm PAYING FOR. Thanks so much, .
So Forza Horizon 2 will have micro transactions. Just not at launch. That's good news!
Do you know what is super fun? Federal tax accounting for individuals.
God, can today GET any better?
Hold music. Ain't it grand
Hats off, heights of creativity _/\_
\": Who says you have to drive according to the law .... Create your own lane \" agreeee
I love liars. They're the best.
Daniel Bryan is getting zero reaction tonight, wow.
Listening to Lady Gaga music is just as good as going to the concert tonight :-(
The Happier we get, the less we see!
Having the best day every
Nothing really gets me in as good a mood as being alone with nobody to call on holidays
Me and meghri were watching one tree hill and she sees a picture of tupac and goes "is that skills"
It's alright.. With Fred as ur forward, anything is possible! hahahahahahaha
Don't worry , it not like I actually want to watch the world cup or anything. Your service sucks.
Isn't it fun to crush on hot, sexy convicted felons? Yes, let's do this!
Germany is really not that good.
Best thing about the update is the wallpaper! How I love it!
Children trapped in poverty would ever want to come here in hopes for a better future?
Well it's just gonna turn into a lovely day
Start writing poignant poem and finished it in a black humor...because I too quite strong against sorrow. :D
Nothing like being home listening to all this...
getting crazy on a friday night! ?
Well that was exciting
Gotta work tomorrow. Today just keep getting better.
Thanks to all my so called friends who helped out today or even offered to help you guys are the best
Well you're not immature at all.
What's more impressive from Tim, a no hitter which he's done before or having 2 hits which I don't believe he has ever done before.
I love being talked to like I'm stupid
No invite? That's cool...
I'm so 'scared'. A muslim just talked about me dying on . ! Someone save me... !
Gotta stop drinking so much coffee! I was halfway to work before I knew I'd forgot my car
wearing my toms because it's a special day
I am fully aware that Holland lots guys, thanks so much for informing me, i didn't know the game was today.
But yeah know I'm glad I work my ass off to give money to people who sit on there ass all day. Makes me so happy to work.
Sometimes, people just need a high-five.\nIn the face.\nWith a chair. \n
And my short hair is making it impossible to feel cute, so good. This night will be awesome... .
Gee 2 bad their Cup guys RT : Pretty sweet battle for the lead. Kyle Busch in front for now
No stepbrothers. I'm not trying to sleep up here. I love your loud blasting music.
BREAKING to air where will go right after at 2am eastern
Rewrote my speech and it sucks just a little bit less than the original one. This is gonna be greeeeaaaaaatttt
Guess what?! The window in my car exploded!!! It's going to cost $300 to get it fixed... next Thursday! Isn't this just great? -_-
I love when I press send before I finish typing out my message.
We sign Baird now 32, we've only been linked with him every transfer window since he was 12.
Well we managed to stay out of Iraq for a whole two years. Never saw that coming
Oh good, another Fable game. I was beginning to think there was hope of avoiding it. Glad we didn't dodge THAT bullet.
Is this the universe a gigantic, complex game of real life Sims?
Don't you just love it when you're always there for people but when your upset no one is there for you? :p
Omg driving is 2 much fun.
Let's be perfectly clear: Obama gets TAXPAYER-FUNDED health care. He's a socialist Muslim dictator MOOCH! \n \n
Power outages north of 26 mile? Today's gonna be sooooo much fun!
Ranked 287 out of 292 students in his class. So Proud.
I love how all the girls from my school dress the same :)
good thing I don't feel passionately about my fandoms =P
Retweet and Favorites ? Yan ang effort
Deleted the aul lady on snapchat
starting to feel sick
2 hrs on a quiz....life is great
Ngahahahahaaa.... I knew it!! *sodorin indomie goreng* \": You bet i am! Amazing goal! Great game!
I should go to sleep. Its not like I have a biology exam in the morning or anything.
Icyhot in an eye is such a wonderful feeling.
happy birthday asshole. hope u have a great day.
Gonna sleep great tonight
I LOVE NOT SLEEPING FOR 40 HOURS YEAAAAAH actually wanna die
Dovete capire che Jared ama troppo la Francia per dire di no ad un invito al Festival di Cannes!
Did you break up with the slider down in away? You do not seem to be paying attention right now.
Finally after 3 years with 10.12 update you can now manage all your media from an external library. Thanks FCP7 for the tip.
Are those prescription glasses? No, I just wear them for fun.
Thank God we have actor and \"rocket scientist\" Leo DiCaprio to tell us that without oceans we'd be in trouble.
If only England showed some bite. We just didn't seem hungry enough!!
My friends are always blowing up my phone to come and hangout
Oh boy today's gonna be a good day...
Oh thanks Iphone, for programming this holiday into my calender so I wouldn't forget it. 'Ppreciate that!
That was exactly what I needed today
With these injuries, the may not win again this season.
That must be why all the vegetarians are dying out.
I love that Arequipa just shuts the water off for a day
The amount of people I talk to is extremely high
I'm sure is RELIEVED that POTUS thinks some of his ideas regarding border issue actually "made sense"
World Cup and baseball. What an exciting summer...
Sitting at a bar by myself... listening to this dude play the guitar....
...jeez more commercial emails addicted to my a* on emails registred nowhere: congrats ! &gt;:(
So apparently Kahlil McKenzie committed to Tennessee tonight. So surprised. Didn't see that coming.
Now that I have a retainer and can't talk normally, I have noticed that I say a lot of words with "s's" in them.
Yay for Hydromechanical Theory!!!!
You are such a gentleman bro
Roflmao... Fucking hipsters!
Well this has been a tough game.
Well, my summer has been quite busy.
Such a boring game...
Went to work at 7, brought the horses in during the thunderstorm, fed them, and then went home. Tough work day.
Grocery shopping! One of my favorite things to do...
My wierd neighbours howling dog is so awesome to listen to
I must say all the laughing from the other groups tonight was very distracting ;)
Jom berdoa dekat social media. tuhan ada dekat situ.
I am not always &amp; . Sometimes I am .
you're such an overachiever. I wish I had your motivation.
Take note little girls of the world: If you don't spend at least 30 minutes on your hair, you're psychologically damaged.
Who needs a full nights sleep when I can stay up all night working at Noble?!
Today just gets better and better
This day goes better and better.
So it looks like my g/f works for a company where you have to ask the POTUS for the day off. Not really but they act like it.
These females funny though
A great way to start a Monday is to realize your bus pass is expired.
I had a great night with my friends.
Found some horror movies yayyyy my axx still bored
Just sat next to a cute girl on the bus for 2 hours. I said nothing. Way to go me!
I am so glad we pulled him up from AAA.
5 days now without power and I live in uptown Fredericton, thanks NB Power!!
Gotta love the fact that I can't stream with a power outage.
..feels emotions super deeply.
At least he swung.
Project for the day: getting rid of all the gin pops that didn't get eaten yesterday. Oh, such difficulty
Well that didn't scream prerendered at all!
By George I think I got it! I now know y Dylan never left Genoa City the times he said he would. He knew he had people 2 save
Oh I can't wait for work tomorrow! Nothing better than criminal court after a long weekend!!
Yay. It's Casual Friday at the office. Short shorts. Wife beaters. Flip Flops.
I feel bad for my neighbors...I don't think they own a calendar bc. they are setting off their fireworks today:(
I love how people love judging the other person without really know them
Damn you deserve "greatest friend award"
Well today's just starting out great
Can't wait to see everyone's flag cakes posted on Instagram.
If he can move, so can you. ?
well the DOW didn't make a new high today so probably a crash coming tomorrow... .
Aye S/O to all the students that showed up to see us off to state
let me hold your crown, babe
Didn't see opting out to get paid by the
Not to mention that I'm getting sick and since I can't eat or drink anything , there is nothing I can do about it :')
Look where your own judgement has taken you Latley. Ya keep it up. Nothing but good will come out of it.
Egyptian sorcerers were amazing, They found water to turn to blood when god had already turned all the water in Egypt to blood.
I mean I'm not sure but it think it's COTTON EYED JOE'S choice!:D :D :D
May galit na tigre nanaman po.. Hoo ang saya, linggo tas pambungad pagkagising. wii Good Morning! =))\n
. If you don't get it then you don't get me. So suck it.
moji francuzi su sturo zapljeskali, ima bit da ce bit luda noc
\": GM Peter Chiarelli informs Shawn Thornton that the Bruins will not be resigning him\" perfect player for the habs !
7\/14\/14 issue of SOD says that is stil in 3rd place in the ratings. Gee, I wonder why.
I love when my roommate is in a relationship and bombards the apartment with sappy love songs!
I actually feel super awesome after reading that,
I'm so glad I was one of the first to know :)
Lmao I'm such a good blogger
He's mad I'm pissed guess we ain't to far from a mutual Agreement... How's my
I swear one day I will kill so many people in this planet.
Packing is so much Fun!
1 a.m and I've aleady been insulted :) Going to be a wonderful day
Fun times lost somewhere in the middle of bear creek park during a storm.
But everything i do is UNETHICAL.
And I have a 100 degree fever! Yippee
Too bad Krul wasn't in goal eh. What might have been
I'm so happy you can take 3 seconds out of your day to respond to my texts...
Man don't we have classy people in this county.
I love when people tweet about their personal problems! I care about their problems so much!
Well that one minute sure did the trick lol
Hey I watched him play in Houston Benoit was awesome for the Aeros!
Love this relationship right now
How many hits did the Phillies have this series? Not a single person I follow has mentioned it.
Putting together next week's show featuring . It's sooooo good.
shrek i harry potter veceras u isto vrime ehhh..
I love it When you text someone and they don't respond. Greatest thing ever
I just love coming to the Dealer!
wah keren jg Jokowi di support Jason Mraz, Sting, Arkana. ya sebanding lah sama Prabowo yg didukung Rhoma Irama, Radja, Raffi Ahmad
Alexis wants to go to Arsenal and we're probably not getting Markovic if you believe the internet. At least we're getting Lallana
And now I have to go organise school work..... Could this day get any better!!!!
; Because beating the shit out of people is Illegal. .
I love it when people come in my room, say hi, then leave.
The 1st thing women do when they r sexually assaulted or their brother dies is tweet that mean women in the internet are to blame.
Cj miles, creation sensation... Granger and Stephenson.. We sure are better
Throw it off a cliff.
Mark Lawrenson and
The teams I predict to win normally lose so on that basis I predict Germany and Brazil to win!
There haven't been enough \"If the US loses this game, they win right?\" jokes yet.
Can't wait for the to start I've been waiting for this all year. Come on England!
Oh yeah, can I just say how much I love a closing shift after borrowed partners cover the store for mid-shifts.
I love leaving work now with a 35 minute drive home only to turn around and open in the morning!
A career in astrology awaits!
What's that? A groundout to the left side of the infield? Didn't see that coming at all
Ronaldo couldn't look any happier about scoring
Congrats Katrina you are real winner this time!!
I thoroughly enjoy when one of my coworkers throws me under the bus because he can't handle his mistake.
I hope James does another Decision right after this game
Yummm bland toast.
Why didn't LeBron mention Andrew Wiggins in his Sports Illustrated article? THEY GOT BEEF DON'T THEY!!! OoooOooo
Well my mother has arrived for her weekend visit.
Wow having so much fun right now.
Cor them Brazilians can really sing
with all of this support I don't see how doesn't have him back
THX 4 da invitation again bitches, I feel so blessed to have such great friends who always remember about me :)
Who knew the teenagers in my neighborhood were so patriotic?
So basically u either lower ur standards or No Happiness!
WE HAVE SIGNED A PLAYER!
Okay lang magusap kayo. b*tch. T'was just a casual and peaceful convo. :) like wtf are you trying to do! I "was" just befriending!
i just looooove getting reminders that i let my kids down and caused issues for them
Why were black people voting in a "whites only", sorry, I meant GOP, primary in the South?
Balotelli smokes??!!! Oh the horror!!!
For anyone wondering it's root canal time in a few weeks once the antibiotics are over &amp; done with. Can't wait!
Shoutout to for lunch today.
So apparently I'm stupid
.clearly another instance of how Israel determines American policy in the region.
I'm so awesome cause I left my contacts in the car.....
I can't wait to see everyone's pictures of fireworks... Because I've never seen fireworks before
One encounter total horror show almost TPK waaaaaahaaaa I suck at the sigh figh gaming. Lets play Star Wars next...
I love satire as a teaching tool. This video sums up my passion nicely.
Sitting in a dark room on a beautiful sunny day.
ATTN: Sales people.. I have nothing better to do than wait at my desk all day on your sales call...
Nothing beats that wonderful feeling you get when you're suddenly awakened from your 2 hour nap.
I love how well the 'rents treat my stuff. Kicking my hula hoop around and stepping on my charger, yanking it out. THANKS.
No Stiles she isn't hurt...she's just sleeping on the floor bleeding
Iran v Nigeria. Been waiting for this game since the draw!
Health and safety is dead fun to write about
Feeling left out when you are surrounded by people is awesome. Fun fun fun.
Yes if there is a team that can complain about being over dramatic its definitely Portugal.
My clean white vans
she used triton (how unexpected ) while i had my tower one ;D
It's such a beautiful day to go on a run. **kno
Can't wait for Germany/Algeria match. Haven't been this excited since the epic Ecuador/France match that ended in a scoreless tie.
Person: Why are you soooo ?
Stellar analytical crowd out here in Frisco tonight.
Well today's news is just a ray of sunshine...
Wot a boring World Cup were having . Nothing out of the ordinary happening at all
I love when people say they are going to call u back and then they don't...
I'm not !
I wish my brother was a little bit more of a dick. .
What a GREAT 4th of July this has been...
I like the but I think her hair was better before. IMO. I wonder if she cares .
Thanks Dad for changing the channel to golf I totally would rather watch golf than the match between England + Italy
Sad how people aspire to get "fucked up" all the time.
One of the worst ufc cards ive ever seen and I got to see it live!!!
I feel lazy. In fact, I'm feeling lazier than the guy who drew the Japanese flag.
So I heard that like some kind of soccer thing was happening...or something.
I finished Assassins creed BlackFlag... Actually I finished it last week and the end credits are still rolling...fuckkkk meeeeee
No they won their land fair and square
What a save by the Brazilian keep!
So glad that my governor, Rick Scott, supports my right to choose whether or not I get an abortion.
If only that Tim Howard guy was better
THANK GOD!!! The Miss America pageant is about to announce a new winner!!! Oh thank goodness! I can rest easy!
(For you numbnuts this is )
Well I've always wanted to come home to that!
This girl singing the anthem could turn me into a Kings fan...
people are wonderful.
The sketchy night are the best or nah?
The 1893 World's Fair demeaned POC as laborers and entertainment (NOT skilled performers). I'm shocked
So... Brazil is out?
Ah yes, a cold is JUST what I needed.
I love it when you text him and he won't text back
This was the turning point! just need to win 10 straight and get right back in it.
Thanx for the support everyone
I didn't know the defense was allowed to hug a guy and take him to the ground..
's Response to the Is Great: /absurd . disease. I know, because I have it.
Didn't realize the Tottenham Hotspurs were playing but glad to see all the fans cheering them on! (:
Zach LaVine couldn't have been more thrilled to be drafted. He showed so much emotion it was crazy.
Canada. Where everything Is more expensive because we're not America. Thanks online shopping
My faavorite thing to do is pull carts out in the rain. .. Go home golfers, you're drunk.
Oh the joy of serving
The wind in my face will dry my tears
An MLS ref will surely turn this streak of bad refereeing decisions around
Yay I can't go home this weekend
, or is it ? RT : shocker! MT : Toronto Environmental Alliance "Report Card". &amp; bro get Fs
mexico, ahora entiendo por que llegamos a repechaje, enfrentandonos ante tales potencias!!!
Portugal better not quit their day jobs. Voices of angles....
Only two more days of work and then I get ONE WHOLE DAY OFF!!! WOOOOOO!!!!!
What I learned. \"It's okay to cheat, n have a bad start in a relationship, long as you give 100% effort before you lose the person\"
It's also free Slurpee day. As you can imagine, it's a great day for me to be on a strict diet.
Google Ads. Immediately after purchasing new sunglasses, why not litter every site I visit with ads for sunglasses?
yeah thats a nice way to contact somebody who's already pissed off with you
Just found out I have two pieces of bone floating around in my knee. Sick! I love surgery and especially crutches!
Damn Latin, mangling the Harry Potter spell names -my husband
Great news on a Saturday morning: Water main break at my apartment complex! No water until about 1 p.m.
Yet another severe thunderstorm watch.
Why am I up this late? Well it's not because I'm beating myself up for the horrible week I've inflicted, that's for dang sure
Have you ever cleaned blinds? No? Do it it's a great time.
I just love being in a group of sissy boys when we have to dissect a rat.
Obama wants to go it alone on immigration - everything else he has done has turned to gold- this should end well!\n
It's like I'm a , twit on the outside, but a and stupidly (in every sense) fool on the inside.
nani diving...now that's a first
Gona shoot some guns like a red neck.
Thank goodness won today! He is the saviour of English sport!
My \"friends\" are wonderful...
Adobe CC 2014 installs beside the old version instead of over it, taking like an extra 20 GBs. That's a cool feature...
Just love cars really do
Rousing rendition of the national anthem by the starting XI you can tell the players are bang up for this match!
I love being called a bitch...
I almost get the feeling Rooney's scored\n\n
Mom of the year right here!
I like knowing I'm included. It feels fucking great man!!
What a fun Saturday night of babysitting my dad and his drunk friends
looking forward to next weeks ep ?
my moms so nice.
thats how Theron keeps it "respectful"
Lol. I find it hilarious, that no matter what tweets, he always gets "say hi to Brazil". I'm almost embarrassed for them.
If you enjoy , , and
OMG! Have you heard that Froom is out of ?!?
The way Ivan's everywhere, Wouldn't be surprised if AFC made a few quid off the Shaw deal lol
Was Modern Family nominated for an Emmy? I just need to know now!
Pedro could've struck out just as easily as gaby.
I love when half of my hair on my head is straighter than a board and the other half is curliest then EVER!
I love waking up with hives!
Great job, .
I did so well on my math placement exam.
When things aren't easy I guess that means we should just give up right? Smh.
v tonight. Been looking forward to this as soon as the draw was made. Can't wait
No power in 1st ward. Glad I decided to come home for lunch...
Come on people wake up when I wake. Don't you know your schedule should revolve around me wanting to text you.
Guess I'll quit accepting free house construction and free trips to Tahiti
Doctor *and* dentist appointments tomorrow. Oh the joy.
I love waking up sore and having no idea why. My body is so wonderful.
Can't wait for construction to start, all the noise and disruption near my house will be great!
I feel my exam experience actually benefitted from the power cut, being rained on through the roof and the fire evacuation
I'm so happy
Looks like no selfie for Neymar .... Lol
A 30 minute wait at University, then a train breakdown. It's shocking you dont have more customers.
My daughter is playing the flute in the garden. Aren't the neighbors lucky.
Seeing that centipede run all over my bed makes me extremely confident to sleep in it tonight..
Love the odor of suntanning lotion as well as burnt skin in the morning.
I'm in a great mood.
GoodMorning Saturday Community Service At 7:30 AM.
Must be Royal Ascot time - the Daily Mail has its token \"woman with tattoo gets through gates\" story. The horror! Lock up your kids!
I love when I snapchat my big and she ignores it..
If wants to do another story they should visit Clay County today. It's a ghost town. People are starving.
Glad I got pressured to go to a shit college I never wanted to attend. At least I got a good job out of it. Lol
Nothing like a good pep talk from zaga to start my day off the right way
Free weekend. .I.P.D. is one of the more provocative films that I have seen in a while.
That to : ''i'll f**k you up!''
Crikey, you're a man who really stands by his words, aren't you. You'll make a good politician when you grow up, .
Might be the thrill of it I dunno haha
France, the last team in eliminated in 1, 0
Man, if getting McRoberts didn't close the deal with LeBron...the Heat are in trouble.
what good timing
Waiting for the official press release blaming the sunlight consultant
That's very caring of you
Don't I live life on the edge
Oh yay I have to get a shot this morning!
He's a keeper lol. Good for them, why couldn't you be?
Best. Day. Ever.
And I have to work all freakin weekend...awesome.
Obviously the NSA is lying.
Germany just won... I'm in such shock!!
I am Fluent in bein a and . Just in case you it.
Summer school rules!
Oh &amp; BTW I don't need a notification to know about bonus opportunities. Your image was rather cute.
Did the Dow top 17,000? I can't tell from the news headlines
Oh yay, MORE rogue angels in S10.
Only a week into the summer holidays and the days are blurring together and I'm ready to pull my hair out!
Hate working from home when the kids are not there!!
Oh please, continue to post half-naked selfies for attention. I just love seeing it, and I'm sure you'll get positive attention!
Tourists with iphones be thinkin dey photographers. I'm totes alpha-ing it up with my film slr.
Biggest headache ever. I can't wait to wake up at 6am to go to Birmingham tomorrow
Sometimes, people just need a high-five.
Seeing the scum of the earth at Walmart is always what I frickin enjoy.
Today has been an awesome day
Aren't my friends just the best?
Love being taking for granted haha.
Twitter: Where typos matter most.
I'm emo for deciding to walk away from your nonsense. Sure thing kid. You win.
When is the announcement show on airing? Wouldn't want to miss the hype.
i luv dress pants
Days like this I really love my job honestly I do # frustrating
Just got in from work sine 11 this morning!!
Wow love in just 30 minutes! That's great! I'm so emotionally invested now!
Happy Friday the 13th, guys.
Why yes. I DO get paid to clean out a freezer where someone left a soft drink.
I love having so many friends
WoW what a great night.
now listening to: acdc-back in black\n
