Yo $20 to gets me and takes me to mcdonalds
A nigga will fuck anything ugh
I hate when people try to tell me about me. You don't know me.
thought i would have some off time for the summer , but i guess thats not the case .
I knew I should have boughten those bright creamy orange sherbet delicious soccer clears at nike town yesterday
The best listening to at the same time!
Chillin at merch tent at
Let her do it for the vine
Balo, Michael Jordan Steak House, Fifth Season all within 24hrs... Eating good this weekend.
I say ima start tweeting more. Then I be like .. \" fuck ima talk about \"
Yo Kevin Hart really has me dying!!!
I love people who enjoys eating food, I want like a food body where I could go to different restaurants and try different foods
School cannot come soon enough, I miss being busy all the time!
Let's be honest. The filthy Red Sox only pulled that off by hitting one of our most clutch batters in the head with a big wooden stick.
So when did Big E become a pastor!
This my song still the words&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Idgaf!! I rather do the yankee stadium tour than the statue of liberty.
*throws sand in Jon's tired eyes+
Too early to say but the goal shifts momentum to the .
Now why didn't Donovan make the roster again
Still hasn't really hit me that my prom is tomorrow.. I remember being a freshman watching seniors go off to prom.. Shit mannn
My roommates singing to sensitive black man RnB. and I just want to blast Beastie Boys to snap them outta that.
And I'm kinda just over everything
So the party starts on Monday, Christmas starts in June.
Can not break out of the 2hr sleep before work. I left myself 4 hours to sleep and work up two hours early. -__- insomnia be damned.
I wanna get mcdonalds..but i dnt wanna miss anything..
hey there delilah is such a perfect song
and are going to penalty kicks!
Hungover on the fourth how perfect
I am so fucking DONE PEOPLE!
I haven't taken a bath in so long because teo scarred me for life
Ive gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my minddd
Manii should shout me out on IG lol
And some people are too beautiful in their own ways
if that your hoe that my hoe too
People that cant think for themselves in their relationships make me sick
Signing off for good. See ya when I see ya
If Bray and Sheamus feud, I'm not looking forward to those Sheamus promos against him.
ITS ABOUT TIME
It's like a legit 15 degrees cooler in the basement then upstairs... guess that's where I'll be watching tonight!!
Germany winning foe my dad..and then me for them to play USA to a tie..!!
Regardless of what happens tonight, Lebron James is still one of the greatest players to ever set foot on a basketball court.
Matt Cain is still staring down Scott Hairston.
Of course Gabriel Jr would try to eat the grass!
Today I got paid to color for 3 hours. I love my job!
I just feel like goin for a run rn
Sometimes when I think im being excessive or annoying I ask myself one question... Do I really care? The answer is no 97.43 percent of times
I gotta close the window before I record\ncause New York don't know how to be quiet
I'm an accidental day 1 fan of teen wolf. I watched it just bcuz I thought I should try it but then I just stayed on it lol
A real rap I'm hyphy as fuck
I have an itch on my bug bite! - people making fun of twitter circa 2007
Omg I hope y'all don't get sea sick
What if my theories are wrong
Everybody in the 5sos fam can draw so well while I cant even draw a fucking stick figure
Same \": I hate funerals so much\"
i couldn't keep my mind of my new gun, i felt like a little boy with a shining new toy
So excited to stay at for part of our in August!! See you then. YAY!
It's my biggest pet peeve when people care about my business more than I care about my business
In the future these will be the good ol days
I think in staying my ass home tonight
16 months with my girl &lt;3
Phil of the future is on disney channel at 12:30 tonight
\": my tattoo ideas need to get out of my head &amp; onto my body\"
Im going to'bed bitch!! You should have slept over I'm watching Joey all by myself tomorrow!! GOODNIGHT
3yrs of headaches, drama &amp; bullshit comes to an end. The other night really pushed me to that point.
I don't even want it to be the summer
This game just got real
333 - you always hmu but never finish the convo!
That was good bruh
Isaiah has fan girls where I can't even get a guy to like me. What the fuck.
Ugggghhhhh Anna Kendrick is so damn gorgeous
Bitches pussy be happy like a church choir when getting dick ... But when that nigga nutt!??? You know when Service is over !
If you don't watch the World Cup on the Spanish channel you're doing it wrong
been drinking away the hangover since 7am eastern standard time &amp; now it's 7pm pacific time
Well that was a plot twist
Goalie didn't even see that coming holy shot
But add me anyways lol \/\/ natuallyme
it's sooooOoOOOoo hot
Ca pool crew reunion Thursday everyone must come who's in it
i miss the cute boy who was with the karate company on so sad he's the one that got away
\"And of course you end up becoming yourself\" is a feel good buddy comedy about two writers on the road right?
Love being able to relax and walk around my neighborhood.
You're weird &amp; your face keeps my attention, let's go on a date.
Noise rock is some trippy ass music holyfuck
Wine be given a nigga the worst hangovers
Alia Atreides! The original, creepy bad-ass little girl! Watching
Erick, stop retweeting my booty tweets. we all know you can't handle the booty!
You can do whatever you want in this life. For example, I acted like an elephant all f*cking day.
Step mom: you know the reward for watching the dog when we go out of town\nMe: I get to throw a party??? \n
You busy being a sissy trying to love and find yourself.nd poof I'm gone from yur mind. That before bitch is there instead
Andi just recited the first entry she found after Googling \"Brussels\"
I just wanna be like fuck you
Girls really look at other girls pictures , then get depressed saying they not cute enough ? Y'all dumb .
I am in love with Andy Karl. That is all.
I want to be so rich that I can buy jack gillinsky and shower in a solid gold hot tub filled with money
Wow... These guys flop worse than Vlade Divac.
This night is perfect even tho I'm alone. Just sitting out here, and my mind is so relaxed. This summer is going to be memorable
Just spent 2 hours watching National Geographic. And yeah, life would be perfect if I were a sea lion living in the Galapagos.
Blogging about my perfect Sunday! Stay tuned!
\"If you really know who you are you don't have to prove it\"
Why do I have a Pinterest
If there's two people in your avi ima assume your the ugly one.
I made it my mission to be the user with the fewest selfie posts in an era of selfies!
Has Kendrick dropped anything since GKMC?
Just indulged in some retail therapy.
USA's got this!! GOOOOOAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!
My goodness I played a lot of butt rock tonight
Ill have more wins than Branson like I challenged him if I connect the world to God and each other. I got a plan...for uandU2! Factorial .!.
I'm not a celeb but I still want to wish a Happy Birthday on twitter
Peace and quiet, nothing like it.
I just ran into Lauren omfg. Missed this girl
To order food.. Or to make food..
Hate the subway so much
Someone come over and watch scary movies with mee
I look bummy as fuck with my glasses HAHAH
Ute deh a wicked
Lol I hate that my ex knows me so well
I was legit 9 years old. Asked if Noah had all the animals on the arc, what happened to the fish? You can't have it both ways.
TRUE FACT! In 2012, the USA recorded 10,332 deaths from Drunk Driving; ZERO from . cc:
\": *goes to the mall as self-harm*\"
Why is your face so busted??
I rather be at work then home @@@
why is the weather like this on Fourth of July
No mames. My stupid horse almost killed ne
Given how much fun I had yesterday watching the World Cup and partying with Colombians, I may need to stay in town for the 4th.
Now that gifs are on twitter everything is a disgrace.
Stupid BET Awards, who gives a shit
nothing even matters x lauryn hill ft d'angelo
TLC keep pushin me thru this tough work out. ??
100%. RT RunnerLuis: If Gold Cup was played outside US, Costa Rica or another CONCACAF team outside US\/Mex would've made QFs before 2014.
Well I just saw a grown man with a bowl cut....
any update on the coffee mugs?!!? they looked awesome in last nights powerful episode with
I never mind to set with your family all the time i want just a little time only for me
Why does no one think Netherland is going to make it?
I don't see how yall can listen to those water boyz niggas an rappers like them .
mom leave me alone i'm very pissed
I always fuck up with my speeches
actually drugs make you feel pretty rad and tripped out.
\"The reality is whether you suck dick in the Plasa or you sick dick in the alley you still sucking dick\"
\": The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.\"
This goal by Jermaine Jones has to go up among best of the
When I watch the wood I can recognize all the places shown lol
Tight ass jerseys wtf
Just read that my Brooklyn neighbor worked on ! Awesome dude! Let's get a beer. On me.
Lets fackin get it 'merica
So is somehow both narrowly tailored and shockingly broad, depending on where you fall on the political spectrum. Interesting.
ima stay focus on graduating and playing my last year of basketball at Logan that's it. Ftbs
Can't sleep one again....
Popovich still won't smile when he's 2 minutes from winning his 5 championship
Taunting my workout buddies with selfies is quickly becoming my new favorite thing to do. .
I will never forget !
So much I want to do in so little time!
Man, I thought I was pretty on time, getting home only 10 sec after kickoff
Wait, but i met LiveLikeDavis yesterday.
I'm ignoring you sorry
ravioli ravioli sacrafice me to satanioli
Is it bad that I want a weave just to practice straighting my hair?
If you don't think Always sunny in Philadelphia is funny, then I don't want you in my life
I'm not gonna stay up &amp; wait for these fuckers to text me
Puppies make everything better omg
You was in La Marina all summer!
StarBucks vs Dunkin Donuts \nfor \nfor Dunkin Donuts
Only way 2 save US is 2 wake our neighbors &amp; send an army of Mr Smiths 2 Wash 2 CUT programs &amp; CLOSE agencies CUT&amp;CLOSE
Dear - please stop being useless. We needed help.
I'm about to make so many changes in my life &amp; within myself as a person.. This weekend was such an eye opener
BOYS, QUIT TAPPING ON THE GLASS OF WHATEVER WINDOW IM SITTING IN FRONT OF. I AM NOT AN ANIMAL IN A ZOO.
Traffic = hotbox while we fuckin wait
Look, give me a blatantly obvious hint and I'll act on it.\n*HINT* Sounds good
This clothing Line bout to be hella epic I can't wait
today is the 20yr anniversary from when they chased oj Simpson down &amp; my dad has the same year white bronco &amp; people kept beeping at him
Y does Scott need to go through that 4 Derek's flop ass?
I can't see it coming down my eyes, so I gotta make this tweet cry.
MANU TAKE FLIGHT!!!
Let's go over a few things.. Tomorrow is Saturday. Courtyard opens at noon, LIVE music starts 1pm! Happy Hour is starting. And we have wine.
Twitter = my worst enemy .
It's raining I heard thunder I hope it ends very and it's just a passing storm
Girls be at the airport dressed like on the line for a club.
Hahaha anyone see the logo today?
It's so crazy how you can get so wrapped up in a book that you forget what real life is
Lmao RT : She sent this nigga some nudes, she just delete them before Max &amp; Nev got there.
Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit!
My Moms 47th birthday in heaven always appreciate every moment with your parents never know when it's your last
Odio a las personas que solo te buscan cuando quieren algo '
Get to see my bae on screen again
you a bad bish, stunting on the mediocre
I just can't shake this cold
I'm wondering when everything's gonna start coming together
I NEED A CHANGE IN MY LIFE !
10 day really is such a great mixtape
Like I just got grounded but there is no such thing as punishment for this summer
Not gonna lie I have a fake crush on Benzino
this middle schooler is currently telling us how he hopes we don't feel the \"clenching pain of regret\" in his grad speech
I hope the Spurs sign Gilbert Arenas and turn him into an All-Star again.
Goooooool! USA up by 1-0 we got this shot in the bag!
hoodie weather and hoodie song are my life anthems
I don't know how I'm going to work like this today
coming home to in n out is tha best thing ever dude
Man oh man I love you
I can't do it anymore. People having every Monday off at my work while I struggle to get one day off...
Ooh baby, ooh baby, I'm in love.
Watching the NHL draft! Want to know whats gonna go down. Good luck to all prospects!
I should trade in my car for a sick ass horse I can call Bertha
In his suicide note; it said that wouldn't 'lob' him a shoutout. It also mentions and not coming -
Oh n a few holes in my dress
Hit and run? lol. Thnx, boo. Always good to be reminded what it's all about. Hope all is well. Nitey nite... zzzzzz
anthony can slide into my dm's now instead of blowing my notifications up :-)
My boyfriend literally sounds like he's giving birth while playing Fifa.
Penny lane is in my ear, and in my eye
I use the word great too much, apparently. It's because I'm hungry.
YOU don't got the kind of LOVE, that expires!!
That goal was more beautiful than Ryan Gosling, that side netting though!
I probably suck now.
Game set match
I am not even going to lie. I'm a pussy when it comes to verbal conflict.
all me n ash talk about is how much olivia hogan fans we are
My room always smells like Cinnabon after I hotbox it
Turn up for 8 hours shifts
what's your worst hangover, your best night yet? your 90 proof, your Marlboro Red? the best damn thing you lucked into
This man is on some type of drug
It's not a road trip without an emotional sing-along to landslide
I resent how I remember every little detail.
Nobody's ever died in my family before I don't know how to deal with this
Lmfaoooooo when you get hit with the :) it's real
Who wants to go out to eat
Babe fucked with me now karnas out to get her uh oh what's that noise
I can't wait to get home and sleep\/tan
i always have 2 hold my laugh wenever i read something funny bc my mom wanna b nosey n ask me wats so funny
Chyo lemme holla for a dolla
Il fait que benzema fasse un grand match
ok cool i'm not pregnant, can we please move on now?! fuck this
Fuck i look like i dont wanna chill
Let me know if anyone has any good games for beer Olympics!!
Wait, I'm related to these people?\n
I just want my bagel bites to be ready
Had a great time volunteering for pride until some cop came at the end and was being an ultra d**k to everyone. Chip on his shoulder.
WWWOOOOOOO USA USA USA USA USA!!!
Don't make decisions when you mad
On our way to have dinner on my girls roof and she saw I left my phone and didn't say anything bc she wanted my attention. WHAT A MONSTER.
Kyle's always saying some deep ass shit on south park
I've seen God before. It happens every time I meet a Virgo.
Someday this pain will be useful
Keenan deadass just told me not hmu...I'm right next to you
Manage to get in my cardio by running, from home, to the gym this morning. Gym is now open and I'm ready to get my workout on. Before work.
\": Eight innings in the book. and are tied at one.\"
it really fucking sucks when you share your happiness with someone only for them to make you feel nothing but pain
wish me &amp; Connor won in beer pong
I fucking hate you holy shit
I will definitely hate myself when I have to wake up at 7 tomorrow
ooooooooooh the pussy smell like teenage spirit
looking for Alaska is going to be the death of me
Working all night then no plans. My life is so exciting
Omfg these niggas are so annoying
maybe i should start dating black guys
giants should change the slogan to \"We've got work to do.\"
Burned my finger trying to do my bangs. I don't have any band aids D:
sittin in the car in my way to work &amp; im sweating )=
MANU IS KILLIN EM!!!
Don't me mad at me bc I called you a hoe, be mad at yourself for giving out your pussy for free.
If I was famous I would be so tired of going to this shit
Damn a straight 14 year old sounding chick just requested Method Man by Wutang on . Word up.
Headed to CT for the day. Turnpike is loaded with MSP. Quota in full effect?
FREE FREE AT LAST
Now that is gone for two weeks. My liver will detox for the first time in two years
amanda and devan are so cute I cry.
Literally every person in this Caltrain station is just as confused as I am, which is simultaneously a relief and extremely discouraging
With god on my team I will win
I hate when old guys ask for my number like please get the fuck out of my way.
So should I tell my mom she needs to pull over so I can throw up or nah
I don't like soccer but I love America!
Getting my color onnn lmaooo
Ppl 4get that they're in ocker room at job's gym. Do we all need to know about &amp; kids projectile vomiting?!
Lay on my bed \nWhisper dirty secrets while you're pulling on my hairr
And now it's too late to hold you\nBecause you've flown away \nSo far away.
I am so lucky to be alive
I don't care if people don't like me. I like myself and thats really all that matters.
Most y'all African girls needs to go see the person who does Christiano Ronaldo's eye brows them shit sharp as hell
Well I ain't got shit to do so I guess it's time to hit the gym and get some cardio in
Can I just hide in the bathroom for the rest of my shift?
USA USA USA AHHH
Keep taking on Bill Clinton. That's sure to end well for you, Dick Cheney.
GOALLL HOLY SHIT!!!!!!
31,10,5 what else do you want
southwest chipotle sauce is a gift from the gods and I seriously suggest it to all my customers
If you're gonna bring a werewolf it should be an
Je suis sans crainte magnan, je suis vaccine contre la rage
This is a joke. Congrats to the Spurs. Miami didn't even show.
Why is my location on....I guess I wanna fight
Just was tweeted back at by he is the first famous person ever to tweet me back.
Game on. This Argentina defense is shaky
Babe's hella mad I ain't going to school no more...
I hope you know it's not easy for me.
OM IVE BEVE BEEN SO FUCKING HAPPY
One thing I hate about New York so far is that it's always muggy people are just on top of eachother with no room to breath
Ladies, if you've ever wanted a guy to serenade you on a daily basis, add on snapchat and peep the stories
I gotta go take my pants to the cleaners ... And that's it .. Nothing else to do ...
watching play video games makes me happy :)
I've always wanted to learn to juggle, but I never had the balls.
CONGRATULATIONS TO JOURNEYS NEWEST EMPLOYEE!
I hope to god that doo knows he's a beast.
What RT : Wishh michelle the negra was heree lol
Whenever anyone brings up the rain, bring up American drone strikes. You'll be the coolest most informed guy at your indoor barbecue
i can't believe th Kardashians are in long island and i haven't met them yet
My abs are so sore I can't even push out a poop
Tht nigga better sit the fuck down Dempsey is goin back in
Don't fear Death...Fear living in this fucked up world.
He thinks I actually like him pls stOOP
Not as hard as your attempt to make fat guys happen \": you try to hard sis.\"
Forecast for this week is whatever the opposite of \"bricks\" is.
Every relationship I've ever been in has either ended over text message or at a roller skating rink.
The portion sizes are so huge :') I can't eat
LOL, Cristiano Ronolda.
my grandma just said that she likes to watch \"gangster\" movies hahahahahaha wow I love her
John Legend helping her out! !
If I'm at some event &amp; see someone wearing a golden state warriors gear, 99.99% I'll talk them.
Do boys like when girls buy them flowers?
Can i please move out already
Lost a lot of loved ones but i keep the memories alive to keep me going that shud make ppl wanna be positive and just love life the good way
My son Benzema Had A Hat Trick! Let's go
Me to Maureen : Are you listening to the police scanner?\nM: no I am listening to the review of my eye liner
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling like death... I need to stop feeling sick
What a goal USA!!!
To read or not to read? That is the real question.
Keep putting this money over these bitches till im at the top
Congrats to the person who was once just a shy boy with his guitar
I got called out for doing the ice challenge but I'm not going to do shit
never felt so weak &amp; tired
WHAT A SHOT FROM JONES
you know i'm party I don't just wanna chill with you
I turn 21 in September. Before then, I really need to learn how to put on a black dress without getting deodorant all over it.
What would you do if two ppl in car are texting and they think you dont know?\nHella dumb.
\"HOW ARE YA HOW ARE YA\"- Niall Horan.
\": is my mcm but I'm not bout him\"you pussy
The fact that I just seen a white dude in spandex, cowboy boots and a cross walk vest with no shirt
Portugal is like the Knicks
gonna try something new
I gotchu, I gotta lotta makin up to do
.... IS STILL BADEST MAN I THE LADDER MATCH
I just spent 23$ at party city for American apparel let's fucking gooooo.
Congratulations to and !
Well be here long after u disappear
Miami doesn't even care with the shitty defense. What an embarrassment. Lebron is gonna leave.
Some really can't just chill... Always have to party... Go out... Which isn't bad, but if ur a mom be a fucking mom...
JUST COPPED A DEMPSY JERSEY AND HE FUCKIN SCORES
I start work tomorrow... Uhhh! I need clothes!
Sky Ferreira's \"B-Sides\" are better than her full-length. That's a relief, because I don't want her to suck entirely ... but nonetheless.
Everyone in this room is on their phone or laptop on ban.jo or on the app looking at
I mean I guess it will do
Who wants to be a millionaire is snatching all the black men
And baby don't get it confused I know everything you wanna doooooo
Nd if I shall ever fall then tge ground will turn to wine
growing up is a set up as well
That should not be a yellow card
Where did all these Messing fans come from now that he scored
In dire need of berry chocolatey pancakes from turning point
bby don't pray for me, pray for the weak.
what is going on right now on here holy fuck
Lord imma die
Looking forward to a long day of tomorrow! ROUND !
Damn, is such a good actor
When did you get married to Wissam? Lol when did you divorce Lillard?
Don't call yourself God and follow me. I'll block that ass, I just ain't in to that
Sunday eve + I'm popping prescription acne pillz
Got my new teeth!!
Costa rica and Greece was a tough match, I really liked how Greece made a gaol on the 90th minute, but all together costa rica won
San Antonio just wanted it more ..
Should I go to slo this weekend or pride in sf!?!?! Help
Since I woke up this morning, my sister has texted me at least 5 times telling me that she was \"at P. Diddy's house\"
My mother is the devil when she's hungry
going to the beach by myself lmaoo
fuck it = my answer to basically everything
Father a ww 2 vet says this war will make HITLER look like a small time joke, and we sit and do nothing . Impeach this president
call me or nah ?
they gotta let birdman hit the stage.
sam is so weird when she's half asleep
tf you gonna do with it when i already posted it for everyone to see lol
I would be mad if we traded all these people n not get carmelo
If you're in a relationship but constantly fish for attention from other people, you need to reevaluate that relationship.
Lil wayne dreads looking kinda nasty
This is like an Everynight thing. I can't do it no more
Finally done packing for LA, now just get some sleep!
Howard stay in your cage!
The most difficult job in a startup is Positioning. Hard to do; hard to do well. Also called Pivoting, if you prefer buzzwords.
That moment when you buy new clothes and can't wait to wear them &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
My moms upset about sitting in today and not doing anything, but she fails to realize that none of us have friends
Seriously though I am proud of in the gundam tournament
If Transformers was just Megan Fox running in slow-mo for 2 hours I think it'd be much better
My squad consists of me, the fridge, wawa and my bed
Went to a gay yoga class in San Francisco. The only pose we did was the downward facing doggie-style.
I'm a good ass painter wow
It's over for , you deserved it way more this time.
A lot of GF's was giving me the side eye lol
Throwing ally oops down 20 lol
All I ever do is eat, sleep, row, and run.
Trader Joe's Chelsea &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Trader Joe's Union Square
You'd think a math teacher could count but the calc assignment is numbered incorrectly
Cubs sign former Holy Cross standout catcher Mark Zagunis. Reports say he signed for $615K, about $100K under slot value
Everything Lundgren says in expendables 2 could easily also be said by Shao Khan
Where derek tjats the only think I fucking care about
For My Momaah Ill do anything !
New York play some better tunes Damn
Lmfaooooo like I said .. bye bye heat :)
Put you shirt back on! We don't want to see bones.
i b puffin' loud on a cloud maxxin' outt
So I'm reading and it's deviously good!
Being 21 is so weird I have to tell myself \"this is okay now\" and then I'm still not sure
I just want my sisters back
my birthday in 17 more days
put my all into someone once and it really fucked me up
Why do people still use kik
My dad still still ain't here hope he got some McDonald's or some shit cause I'm starved
Uh what the fuck was that loud ass noise
Don't know what to think Anymore
If i aint got no money i dont come out or fuck wit niggas till i get some never let people see yo situation
throw it back for a r a c k
Can't take this Shit no more! Can u just talk to me?
good people bring out \nthe good in people.
So, after years of ranting about the dangers of child vaccination, Jenny McCarthy is doing an e-cigarette commercial? ?
The hype for tonight is so realllll
I hate to see people get hurt like that
at least seth Rollins is wearing his own gear now. I don't like swagger in the match I would have preferred Dean Ambrose or fandango
USA vs Germany @ GO sports bar. Doors open at 8:30am. Lets go USA!! Goal!!
why am i home already wtf
Sometimes I think I'm weird as fuck but then I see some people and Im like nah
Every time I have a sleepover.. the person I'm with falls asleep mad early and I'm stuck sitting here bored and energetic
id rather you give me 200 problems on paper than 100 problems on deltamath FUCK DELTAMATH
\"I'm wasting my time, this shirt is tight on my waist\" LEARN. THE. DIFFERENCE.
My mom is g a y omg
believe you can be so the world will see..
And that's my cue to start counting down the days until I move....
Yaddie bruh why are you retweeting all Armand's shit
I ain't see my left and right hand all week.
first thing i do when i become rich: hire my own personal taco bell chef
She sees me for who i real am ...
I am a firm believer of \"distance makes the heart grow fonder\"
Dis bitch ain't even do her hair
I hate when people tell me to \"chill\"
Am I seriously leaving in 11 days
I have to get passed this weird alternative rock phase I'm going through
While the cat's away the mice shall play.
\": Ate chicken wings for breakfast.\" Sounds like something you would do
Its so hot here can I just be in under wear and bra!!!!!!
*turns up to King Of Amarillo opening riff*
Happy Independence Day USA! Be safe out there.
Any word on what the was about last night in ?
I feel like being a lifeguard would be a fun job
I miss jumping double Dutch those were the days
Never having a purple lollipop again.
I hate when little things turn into big problems
If I can't fuck yo b*tch I bet my brother can
\"I was like 4 and I wanted to bang him\" typical guess who
Want that bottle of henny
Can't bangs wit certain people anymore
So tired. I just want to be home already.
this is why lighter weights are always better this season of TUF SUCKED worst season
Dempsky fight via twitter round 1. Me and Meghan are casually cursing eachother off for no reason. Classy
BL coming soon
Dunkin donuts pretty much ruined my life when they changed their egg
Some ghosts are never gone, but we go on. We still go on.
The Star-Spangled Banner comes from a poem called Defense of Fort McHenry and has 3 other stanzas. What we sing is the first stanza.
alhmdulillah first win and first goal, more to come inshallah
What's the one regret you can't work through ?
Yes finally have service again
From beginning to end, Love doesn't just happen. It takes your TIME and EFFORT by choice which may lead you to the direction in commitment.
2K Sports needs to handle all of the sports games. NFL, NBA, &amp; NCAA Football\/Basketball.
GI FUCKIN NOBLII
Great meeting you , , , , &amp; !
Somebody come over and watch the awards with me.
I'm so tired of this bullshit.
The 'hood just erupted with that goal.
\"No no no... He he he wasn't ready!\"\n-Ghana
I HATE girls that make themselves their WCW like girl byeeeeeee
I wonder how these bitches with cake faces are doing in this weather...\n
Waaaaaahhhh been sitting on the Tarmac for 30 min waiting for a gate at flight 955 Will I ever get home?
I love summer because I download like five new artists to my iTunes per day
SVU,Big Brother and now criminal minds? Todays a good day
somebody tell me when he goes off so I can unmute my tv
Ever go to the store for one or two things and come back with a million other things?
The kid sent a prayer and it happened
only i would pay for a drink at the movies and then walk away without the drink after i pay for it
IT HASNT BEEN ONE FULL MINUTE AND USA SCORES!!?
Lol I got everybody sick.
I don't want to fuckin talk to you you aggressive ass girlfriend beater drunk! Stop fuckin calling me !
I shall not promote a lie, no matter how much I wish it to be true.\nNo amount of promotion makes a lie true.
I wish \"scratch and sniff\" was \"scratch and eat.\"
Top of the morning to ya
I can't believe is following me! I'll always be a student in your class Loo!
Fault in our stars was a waste of Money ahahha no guy is that sweet in real life
dear god I can still recall you scent without reference.
That's weird because I know every chisme out there
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!
Me &amp; Annie's idea of fun: drinking wine &amp; watching Adventure Time ~
I saw a lot of african people supporting france. now Ghana is playing. I dont see their tweets. Omg its hurts me this fakery
Watching savannah and Jared videos
MY TUMBLING, HIGH V'S, LOW V'S, AND BASKET TOSSES ARE OFF THE CHARTS OK
\": DONT HATE ON SCIRA SCALLISON WAS OVER SINCE LIKE 3A LET IT GO\" yesssh DEAR GOD. LET. IT. GOO!
why am I always wide awake at this time
when i was little I actually asked my magic 8 ball if I was adopted and it said sure. magic 8 balls don't fucking lie.
Soooo can I start over and become a ballerina please? Wait- do they eat cheese? No? Oh- then nvm. I'm happy the way life is.
understanding finer points of tweeting &amp; its use in HQ\n
Gollllllll usa a a a a a a a a a Gollllllll Gollllllll gol la gol la Gollllllll Gollllllll Gollllllll
USA USA! GOALLLLLL!!
Awezzz sean and me r perfectly disfunctional enough for each other
Ed Sheeran was awful on the today show!!
I would've never thought I would say this but 3 years ago I seen my mans give up against the Mavs &amp; now the team gave up on him
Its good you made me feel a little better :)
I wanna watch the sunrise on the beach
And lately every nigga wanna ask who im fuckn. YO BITCH how about that. The nerves of people.
....and what the hell was she doin' in \"yankee\"-land !
Im dying for some chocolate cake right now, omg.
POPOVICH FOR MVP !
I can't get ready without music
Peeps go to ITunes right now and download 's new album ! U won't be disappointed!
Te recuerdo, que si me dejas ir yo ya no regreso.
I seriously hate Mondays! I'm already over it.
Double chop your food to avoid bloating!
Just when I thought my dad couldn't get any crazier, he tells me his genius plan to bring lizards he finds at newbridge park to my block
Wow how fake
BREAKING: My dad and my board game is POSTPONED until after work
u say that u a baller but I see u trying holla SAME
Serious concern RT : when am I not quoting mac miller to
Pura vida Costa Rica !!! Congrats !
I wear my seatbelt cuz if you die in a car accident cuz you werent wearing your seatbelt, theyll put ur dumb ass in the drivers Ed video.
ugh i love vans so much i need them all
Don't feel like getting dressed yet
don't lead someone on if you have no intentions on being w\/ that psrson
All of you can try, but the lions cannot catch the butterflies
Vegyetek fel snapchatre &gt;&gt;&gt; AdamCrest
Def gonna get some new piercings and tats this summer. I miss my ear piercings but it wouldn't heal :(
question is... weh ghetto utes do fi di system?
It's hard to fight the things we're afraid of.
Another fuck yes b
just looked at the schedule for next year
Son I'm just getting off 11hours and a half today yes
WE ARE GOOD AT SOCCER WHEN IM MARRIED USA USA USA
I really have no feelings\/cares during the summer
37 seconds and a goal.... lol @ Ghana
I never get how people get so many likes or favorites on your pictures... Teach me your ways
We just tied!!US getting greater by each minute!
I always mute the tv on commercials
Tell me what you know about night terrors every night, 5am cold sweats, Waking up to the light.
Oh you made an appointment for 10:30? Sit down until fucking 11:16
Have a great weekend to my family,followers and everyone have a great fourth of july ppl :)
Marley thinks I'm lying about not liking chocolate to get attention.... WUT
Please stop sending me snap chats that you send to everyone. If I really cared I would watch your story.
At' Coney island
The IRS is lucky the public seeks and post the address of IRS staff as they did with NRAS,, kidding, lol
Just trying to make the best out of everything in life always
Ugh so much love for Gecko (Overdrive)
Joe Biden is my president
howard is the unsung hero right now tho
So pumped for tonight for With this weekend, so many guest possibilities!!
Rt if you've been bullied before
I have to pack for 2 and 1\/2 weeks and I leave in 4 days.
In a fight jerry will rock me bruh no doubt he has long ass arms
todo mi salon esta reparando matematica q horrible :s
You're on my mind all day everyday and it fuckinn suckss..
Sarkis isn't home. But my brothers friends are sitting here watching tv with me.....
Fuck you Kwasi
\": not just 2nite....ur weird all the time :)\"
But dub he gmft
today was actually pretty fun
I think I lost my key... Good thing they have great customer service and it will only take about 3 months to replace.
Shorty wanna Be a thug
If only a tweet would suffice
Getting to the end of prison break. Again. Gets me every time
does anyone still listen to dont let me go
Okay like imagine if *67 worked with texting ...
Worst part about summer is all these stupid bug bites
tbh I'm ok with the fact that it's not a thousand degrees out today
You're trying to fight the girl meanwhile your boyfriend is cheating on you again.
I Could Care Less If Someone Unfollows Me... Except You. That Shit Hurts.
What a great night to dine on the patio
I'm just young and blessed, pass that trash I'm unimpressed.
I was just talking about ouiji boards too
Mr. Bloom being my next door neighbor just spotted me sketchily bring an 18 pack into my house
We're all sitting in this room with strobe lights lava lamps and other shit playing electric music, this is nice
Well almost finish with laundry about to get some food
my eye is a swollen hot mess. stupid allergies......
I want to go to Taco Bell and get a freeze.
Dempsey was like \"I got kicked in the face, what's your excuse?\"
Just beat this ninja in 2k by 31 ! I'm the greatest !
when the song is too good that you gotta rewind that shit
Holy tits that was awesome
This Hawaii wedding is about to be beautiful.
Yaaaazzz I was hoping would score
Clutch as fuck
This bitch so big she looks like shes sitting in herself
No this is horrible
Sppurs winning tonight
Maybe I'll actually go down in the basement now that there's a (crappy) tv, DVD player and the play station. All I need is a couch &amp; I'm set
I need to give Scheiner a nice firm hand shake tomorrow. I am going to miss that man.
\"Why do Americans have an obsession with putting a grill outside and sitting with it?\"
.are we doing another round or what?
These kids got into trouble for being loud in a hotel? Let them walk, schools are ridiculous.
you consistently play games, but still expect a nigga stay around
LOST IS SO CRAZY OMG IVE ALREADY WATCHED IT AND IM STILL FREAKING OUT
Rewatching Man On Fire. This movie never gets old. \"I love you, Creasy bear\"
God I'm annoying I'm sorry
I'm ready for this fucking clan war
Fuck I look like. Pussy? Never.
blasting our national anthem and if you don't like it DONT LIVE IN AMERICA
They shoulda kept Landon...
Today was probably the first time I woke up earlier than 6:30 in like a year... I'm always almost late !
I was hiding the scar but...then he asked how I got away without her seeing cause she was on the couch next to me when he left...lol
When you're genuinely at a happy place in your life, I don't think anything can get in the way of that.
Rainbow flags and police cars everywhere. And men wearing stuff from Victorias Secret
Only 15 minutes into the first episode of Gossip Girl and I already feel like a little bitch for watching it
Will never be able to take chris pratt seriously
honestly blessed for the people in my life
Just asked the missus to pick up \"cat fold\". This may end poorly.
It's only 1 and it feels like no one's awake
Phillips: to find out info, went through the National Archives, found a paper trail of the VA's internal debate abt use of lobotomy
i want nothing more than to learn how to play piano
We haven't taken a family vaca since summer has started and my step dad wants to start with sf pride lmao
Game winnin shot , ain't even stay ta see the body drop
This day just solidifies my daddy issues
it was actually so funny when Jacob was mocking carter
I still got a good feeling about avicii at the barclays....yeah.....
The wind doesn't deliver pain a health worker or a pain deliver you made yourself sick giving her a snout rag god sees all of wrong doings
Terrance Ferguson just put on a show, winning 1 on 1 and that includes beating Steph Curry
13 Going on 30 is still so cute.
I have to give u my whole damn paycheck
Can't believe I'm in the house that I've seen blueprints at every Easter and Thanksgiving for the past 4 years
Heat. In. Seven.
I was gonna marry nacho, bc I hate boys too... but nacho died.. plan didn't work
Hahahaha why am I hanging out with Abby's sister rn
Chuffed for Costa Rica. Little did I imagine they'd make it this far while I was there hanging out with sloths earlier this year.
I love my naps, so any chance I get I take it.
Excited for the first time to take this gas test for PSE&amp;G
anyone got a time warner username &amp; password I can use to watch ESPN on my phone? Prvt msg me. I don't wanna miss US vs Germany tomo!
Now 27, I've been following &amp; since - but the entire is a bit too much to handle
Niggas that you trust will do the most unexpected shit.
Greece sounds better in spanish. Grecia. Just a thought lol.
Now she's hallucinating and just told me she thought the no smoking sign was a clock that said 11:15.......
Laying in bed eating a quiche
I'm glad we met I mean now look at us
rob kardashian prolly lookin at Adrian cryin his eyes out smh
I am going to attempt to sleep for 5 hours at least before my night shift.. I hope I can fall asleep!
Roman reigns or bray Wyatt are my picks for the wwe world heavyweight championship
My legs feel funny when I work out my hammies lol
Why the hell does instagram has to have a limit to the length to the pics? Can't upload some pics smh.. What da hell!?
swaga laga ding dong
\"Start keeping track of this adventure of yours\"
Hayes and Mahogany are usually the last ones that people need to complete 12\/12
Sehun's ass is growing for some reason \nI didn't notice his plump ass before
Throw dat ass in a circle!
Party girls don't get hurt, can't feel anything.
JAI JUST MADE THE WORST TYPE EVER LOLOLOL
Last test then summer so it's all good
For Diversity Day at the yacht club, we all gave the colored waiter a round of applause.
I DID 5 CLEAN PULL UPS! May not seem like a lot but you girls try!! NOT EASY! WHOOPO
I'm at the Beta Launch Party. Covering it for
Nigga stawp! She not fucking wit u like that, she said, \"NO!\" Lmaoooo
Taco Bells twitter is awesome. Just like their food.
\": Fam don't mean shit anymore.\"
I'm working on sensoring graphic material... College has just ruined me....
Costa Rica wins!!!!!! CONCACAF will be represented in the quarterfinals!
I liked you until I realized what an asshole you were hahahhaha go fuck yourself hahaha.
It's so great to know that the Knicks actually have two draft picks, that 34th pick is big
slave 4 chipotle
My shoulders killing me
To clean my room or go to the gym......hmmm
Dawg, I really feel like their arent enough hours in the day
I'm curious to see what they rank this nigga.
She got here just in time...lucky
En route to Delaware
Let me get this straight..only has one person for everything News related: George Stephanopoulos.\nSo no one else works works there?
Neal out. Euros in. Thus begins the post Shero Penguins era
Flyers fans give Brind'Amour a standing O, deservedly so.
If your tryna find pretty well you better look somewhere else
I'm listening to soccer RADIO, guys.
Happy Mutha Phuckken Forth New York even doh this thuderstrom rain anit poppin Smh I'ma still turn up inside lol let the food n music begin!
Being a bridesmaid cost around $1,700 according to !
If someone could bring me a smoothie right now that would be sick
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL GET THE FUCK INNN
Next step is to grow us a family but we'll see haha
S\/o to my brother for making it past 4 tough years of high school. His graduations today! Congrats on beating the system!
I need some new people in my life .
I just typed out America three different ways - patriotism at its finest
AM I REALLY ONE EPISODE AWAY FROM THE SEASON 4 PREMIER OF TEEN WOLF OMG. LIFE IS SO GOOD RN
Wake up flip shit ..take that money stash it ..light up to forget the bs..n Repeat 24\/7
Anyone wanna get me xbox live, thank you!
You can't even give a girl a compliment nowadays..........smh
Got my back adjusted for the first time...amazazing
When the one person I want to be here for me isn't ...
Yes RT Have you ever loved somebody so much it makes you cry
Can't stay up to watch Messi? More ultra lights than ultra.
I just wanna go home. Get in bed with my bf and dog and go to sleep.
Traffic\/walking 2 miles to the stadium\/... People paying their life for Beyonce!
Shoutout to sbux for not putting in soy like I asked this morning, now ya girls dying.
I won't be moving for the next 3 days now
\": Your nothing but a racist. Its fine for you to call Elvis simple and plain..what do you got to show? Has been...\"h8r
Now that was fast
home from work. I am way too tired to do anything tho. :(
Mexico's next matchup is Netherlands.... Idk how I feel bout that
the moment when you realize you are running out of BK and you have no money is the worse feeling ever
I wish I had money without a 9-5, so I could what I like from 9-5
\": See the thing about you that caught my eye is the same thing that makes me change my mind .\"
Estoy En La Casa De :La Chapii.... Angely
Love making money, so glad I'm making big money
damn i did not noticed it was 11
Sumtimes fukk lookin the other way..pop on a nigga and let em learn the hard way!
I think I've been awake for over a month straight....Why am I still alive?
\"A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.\" - Henry Ford
Congrats to the class of 2k14
Elephant Bar sounds so good right now.
Your bullshitting me, but I'm not paying you any attention.
Happy opening to Tarzan at the MUNY!!! break a leg!
I think I'm the only one who has a hard time adjusting from FaceTime to Voice Calls right after.
I have poured rhe last glass o whiskey, should I drink it or....
As for the Spurs there was no way they were letting the heat beat them again
My cats are so weird. They use the water their suppose to drink to clean their paws and than drink water from the toilet...
Finally learned how fix a flat tire...
Im a fucking boss
I knew it..... Jelena just could take the good advice to help her sorry ass! Smh.
Justin hasn't been in NYC for a month. I feel like he will come very soon. I miss him.
I learned the hard way about just getting anyone to do a tattoo
Every night i go to sleep envious of snooki
Cant wait to see all the avicci fans that come to my job before and after the concert saturday
I believe that we will winnnnnn
Hats off to San Antonio ..No sore losers here..the best team won..obviously upset couldn't 3peat smh..Spurs are Great
Serious lift session has left me disabled tonight...
So hot.... In my room,,, can't sleep.,, I'll just keep drinking
Game over. Here's to another loss
I want and need you IN N OUT!
$ 1975fthood $ fave !!! fave !!! fave !!!
to olhando uns vlogs pq n consigo dormir
The day we've been waiting for, for 12 years is here
Lmao I just got screamed at on the phone for the second time in 4 hours.
This doesn't stop anything for lebron. Still one of greatest players to play the game. Maybe if he had a little help.
Let's get too 100 favs before midnight !!!
oh and there go my plans for tanning tomorrow kk
I hate shopping with Becky cuz she's an IDIOT
Sometimes in life it's better to be alone then be with somebody that make you feel lonely .
She did good but John Legend have the performance more depth I think
If you're going to preach about fake bitches, don't be one......
Wdf do I order to eat today!!!!?
so luis can mention safia but you camt reply? cool
I pray sends home ......don't cheat this time
Traveling while wearing a shirt with a bunch of stains on it because I adulthood well.
Idk if it's cause I'm high but that was dead funny
I'm happy I don't gotta see you ahhaha
The stupidity in the movie The Purge angers me
I'm getting drunk by myself at 11am.
So I can go back to Disney now or nah?
everyone's so boring n there's nothing to do
Holy crap. Hope no one was late turning the game on
Textires n tones hairdye is wavy . Smells so.good,makes my hair extra soft &amp; DOESN'T FADE COLORS
Stop tweeting about how heartbroken you are over someone else's boyfriend lmfaooo
Jason Kidd to the bucks has to be the shock move of the off-season so far
Tony just gave me the most bomb ass back &amp; neck massage and I can actually turn my neck again. this is what men are for
I have the fucking weirdest dreams
I just spilled twisted tea all over my white pants before my dinner plans. Maybe it's a sign.
Saw two great new bands tonight: Rival Sons and Merchandise. Both worth checking out. It's 2 a.m. Time to freaking go to sleep!
Stop being in people's business and start finding ways to be a part of it.
there speed is no joke !
I want a \"random white dude\" tshirt
Studying is so fun
call me crazy shit at least you callin'
Work is seriously so quiet without my boss's kid there. Miss my little noise maker!
I hope y'all know beyonce &amp; jayz not there they gonna stream them live
\": Lebron is better than Kobe now of course, but not all time. Not at all.\" *not ever
Twitter lessons: mike has drinks with dick cubes in it, women will do pointless things with a penis (figured), &amp; I gotta stop curving texts
THEY EXPECT A NIGGA TO COOK @ 1:35????
CALLING ALL FASHIONISTAS. is starting in an hour. Let's chat about the fashion use hashtag
Call it magic. Good things are coming. Dreams are coming true.
Worst thing about being with girls... Havin to put the toilet seat down
Who the hell came up with the word 'thot'? How did they even come up with it? But forget bae, I need a thot tho
Little inchworms that are on my lettuce and are the same exact color as my lettuce can go fuck themselves.
goes to TMNT Turtles in Time. My homegirl Renet is back and she looks great!
OMFG ITS ABOUT TO START NO ONE FUCKING TALK TO ME KMOGMGOGMGKMGKGMGKGMG
There's something wrong with your character if 'opportunity' controls your loyalty.
I hope I gained a friend tonight. It kills me to see anybody that down, wether we know each other or not.
So Jealous of Kylie starting at 2 today instead of 9
18 points in 6 mins? I'm not too sure
I was supposed to work 20 hours this week but ended up working 36 :-)
Let's go! Don't back down!!!!
Lana Del Rey is single...\nI am the happiest man on earth.
Can't wait to go home and play a Blizzard card game on my iPad after working 11 hours today
Liiike why sir? What the fuck is your purpose
It's currently 5 million degrees in my room I hate life
The soyer family treating it well with the surf and turf dinner
them baby blues are cutting right thru me
..Thats not how you do it fam
88 was so sad. shouldve gone to WS
call me maybe(: ily cam!
Prank callers got me fucked up
It's the summer but yet it's not hot
Not really much of a point to goto sleep now
Odeeeee loud heads on my TL at this hour
Everything in my bag smells like beer, sweat, and Subway.
I hate when people bash on people in the service while their sorry ass sits on the couch complaining about their life
Someone come over with a blunt
Nothing but respect for Ghana, but the question begs asking: How many SEC titles have they won? How many Heisman winners?
Odd. SCOTUS has rarely been ruling on the side of sense these days. Maybe someone was asleep when they voted?
I can not compete with you
Jhene Aiko live omg .. So disappointing
This mood of mine today.. I'm scared.
The spurs are just a better team overall
I'm gonna get lit &amp; try to start these One Piece chapter rn.
\":mentionne deux meuf avec qui t as fait doublette ?\" mdrrrrr
When my room gets painted, I'm moving shit around
I start school this Friday, isn't that great........ Lol
I feel like America is overlooking the public-restroom-toilet-paper-monopoly that is Georgia Pacific.
To this day I remember this old episode of Law and Order where there was this missing mail lady who was a foster parent and it still bugs me
Dempsey's still hot
I can't breathe I'm so full.
my mom just turned on KidsBop radio; excuse me while I open the door of this moving car.
Grrrrrrrrrrrr. If I could punch u thru this phone.
Thanks to 9\/11, Cole's childhood is left incomplete because he has never been brought to work by his dad. Cole's dad is a pilot.
So lame...I was fired today because I WAS sick and needs to leave but they said I had to stay and work so I just left. I like fu** that sh**
My sister is asking me for dating advice...LOL.
I have so much pride sometimes it's so ridiculous
What did haj Agha Mohsen mohseny ( khak baz) 's daughter brought to the table? Whom was mo va 3 ghy's
I don't smoke , so if I smoke with you . Better feel special!
Need a scale back keep gettin skimped
el mundo no gira en torno a ti u.u
I need to sleep so I can't sleep
Its amazing being stuck at home....
Ill be your Homie till you cross me , than ill be your worst enemy
why why did they think it was okay for those girls to 'rap'
Parker has such a beautiful floater
all i can say is that I tried
It's the hair Ronaldo
Something needs to change in my life, seriously!
Might be in the air port over night!
either nobody knows i'm drunk, or nobody cares
Still wondering why God did not bless me with the ability to rock a fedora
I love this Miranda girl! She's so cute and dressed really well. I want all her clothes.
Wait is 's tattoo real?
\": Not even a million fights could make me hate you.\" sad but true
One of the best dunks ever.
Wish I had something to do...
No hoe really takes the time and really get to know a nigga. But it's cool.. I ain't salty over stuck ups.
bitches down to do it either way, often
Do I start orange is the new black? House of cards? Needing suggestions on a new show
The Curvy Girl From Brooklyn Can't Sleep Grrrrr Soooo Tired I want to cuddle with someone
I think she should brake up with her boyfriend who lives in bumbelfuck
If Coach Spo can tame Shabazz, his game can develop to someone like Tony Parker
JULIA YOU ARE REALLY SOMETHING ELSE BITCH
Solo es mejor - Yandar y yostin.
There must be a god because I fit all my stuff into my backpack and camera bag
I think Cameron is taking secret twerking lessons -_-
The niqqa no dey zuk ball saf, wey u go SLAP in back so??!!!
El partido mas aburrido, mas largo y el mas feo entre y
Literally idek what day of the week it is
Tips on how to subconsciously respect your name.. After you introduce yourself pause before you say your name. For example, hi my name is...
Love the rare times I get to be alone with my parents
I would go tell them to stfu but Im lazy
It kept me away from a life of crime
I love you and I'll never leave.
Florida gets Reinhart or ekblad and we get either Reinhart, bennett, or Draisaitl
Pol gon be looking at me strange
What a week in the city, now to camp babbyyyy!
Moving out. Can't stand these fucking people.
Today was such a stressful day for no reason.
Commentator literally just said what i said
HEAR THAT? THAT'S THE SOUND OF VANYA SCREAMING
This ringing in my ear is getting really obnoxious
Can't wait to spend some time with good Friends at Point Pleasant tomorrow!!!
Become what you want. Become what we need.
just to clarify... and I will not be going on the dates. We will be auctioning off dates to people and hosting the event
.that said a 's daughter for life
I don't want to be one out of a bunch of other people, I want to be one and only.
Did that just happen?
CAN WEDNESDAY COME ANY SLOWER
Star Wars on n64 this is beautiful
Don't ask me to teach you about something you have no interest in just because you're trying to impress some guy.
Trying to stay updated with the game in twitter .
Ppl are soooo bored yo
Tonight I met a pug named Fenway. That is all.
it's like I've waited my whole life for this one night.
Brooks we need more magic
It's alright, and it's nice not to be so alone
I don't know why hatin get over it you didn't win will always be the queen
I forgot how much \"mija\" annoyed me.
Stopping the ball is important....no?
just dropped a knife and almost stabbed my dog
Congrats to who killed it tonight in her debut as Nicola!!
This boy just pulled up on a Ducati Monster, excuse me while I swoon
Can't find shit to wear to graduation.. well girly wise
I fucking hate when websites make it impossible to unsubscribe from their emails.
Works with Nest is awesome, but the car integration is stupid. Your phone already knows when you're home, don't need the car's input!
It strengthens the world.
this girl is fucking pissing me off...can't even tell me a name
CAN SOMEONE HELP ME WITH A POSE IM GONNA CRY
Route 6 after Killingly is just a long slow dragging headache until you get to 84 just before Hartford
I just wanna kiss cute people while listening to my favorite bands
not wearing any form of underwear having a sunrise bogie this is life
I would never wish this feeling on anyone
usa usa usa
Closure was crazy but it finally made reality set in for me, I am a high school graduate and done with high school and all the clubs in it
It is hilarious that despite being the absolute worst messenger system, Skype is also the only one that survived.
If I have a choice I don't think I will ever own a automatic car... Stick is more fun to drive
Was petty\nIs petty\nStill petty \nForever petty... Dumb ass
I just wanna have sex with one of my homegirls. I just wanna fuck the shit out of her one time for the one time
I'm healthy &amp; happy,so stop texting me about my weight &amp; how I need to change
What is a robot? (Computer used to be person that did job of a calculator.)
Oh baby what a strike bent right into the corner
Going to watch transformers .. Worth watching or na ?
Settling down with someone who doesn't have any social networks sounds so stress free. Need that
This 5htp got me feeling some type of way
I'm fucking done
So there are a few things i'd like to trademark.... Pre-Lunch Nap, Pre-Gym Nap and\/or Pre-Work Nap
I\n\nI believe \n\nI believe that \n\nI believe that we will win\n\nI believe that we will win\n\nI believe that we will win\n\nUSA USA USA!!!
\"So dawn goes to day, nothing gold can stay\"
Thought is cause Experience is effect .If u don't like d effects in your life your life you, have to change the nature of your thinking .
Kofi Kingston is FINALLY in another important match. About damned time
New kid type sexy .. This season looking right bruh.
I don't really think you're a hoe if you sent ONE person nudes and they exposed you, they're just immature a'f and have no appreciation.
I forgot my coffee at home...I'm going to fail the regents
I know better than to try to set a time limit but don't string me on.
\"Brad's like, 'jug it!' and I'm like, 'NAH!'\" -
Just walked in my house and my mom was like wtf I thought you were in your room where did you go ... That's nice
All my plans get ruined because this woman won't get over her nonexistent problems with me
great balance and spot by
idk im just done with social networks .
Israel's bombings of Gaza are terrorism plain and simple. They are meant to instill fear of resistance in a captive population.
I can spend all day watching 's live videos just for that ass
I could be in my bed with my phone and my ac on so get the fuck off ur phone when we chill
Next stop Dubai and I'm going to have a long beard by the time we land
Let's be nothing. Because nothing lasts forever
\n 2 0;\n0 3;\n 1 3;\n1 4&lt;--1 DE CON SU COMO .RT
Coach Alford is the coolest. Hoping to be apart of his squad one day
It's real awesome to sit in a bar &amp; hear someone destroy Busquets for 1 missed opportunity. Need to pick my World Cup bars a little better.
When you hear a song and you're like \"where were you months ago when I needed you\"
It aint politics its not obama
Hello, I'm in Delaware - City &amp; Colour
HELL MOTHER FUCKING YES I LOVE AMERICA USA USA USA WHAT A BEAUT
The amount of bug bites that I have are ridiculous
I just wanted to sleep in for my birthday, and Danny wakes me up at 6am. Whyyyy
Is it bad I feel like I should be going to bed this early?
It's Like I can't even get mad no more , Cuz no one every showed feelings for me .
vs \nvs today !
Trooper sitting at the fair grounds on waldorf watch out
jajjajajajjajaj el audio de irina lpm
lol I'm annoying
Why are they making a prequal to batman wtf
Wtf why do t they call me
\"stop being a bitch\" kelsey after i help her pick out an outfit :')
I just put so much hot sauce on my food it was self harm
So much sports today. Instead I wrote a song about how jealous I am of all my happy friends.
Slightly bruised and broken from our head on collision.
Her legs so sexy when I'm in between
You either become the Hero,or live long enough to
Selling cheetah print seat cover set. Includes front and back seat covers, stearing wheel cover, and floor mats. DM me if interested
I want a bacon egg and cheese
Teen Wolf season preview has me feeling some type of way
Well it did get old listening to your pity party
How you know it's summer: people are still up tweeting past 11:30
A is someone who becomes and then .
Google I\/O at Moscone. Many I\/O badges on the street, yet so few glassholes.\n\nWhen does the future get here?!
Most of y'all mis guided till y'all try it .
How bout that USA, goal in 40 seconds
Woke up with two giant spider bites on my arm.
I only tell you what you need to kno !
July 4th, 1776 signifies the first day of history. Everything before that was a mistake
somethings aren't worth getting off of the couch for.
\": All these girls getting pregnant like its a fucking fashion trend smh lol\"
Steady diet of alcohol and music
Can someone get me into body shop or any other gym ?
Seriously when is the World Cup over cause I'm over these tweet.
I swear my life is a joke
7 1\/2 hours into the Sunday Open and I'm wondering if this day of golf is the most boring ever?\nA rain delay would be more fun.
I wanna go to the zoo
I refuse to believe i am from the same gender as some of these thirsty lil nasties
I guess I won't\/can't get the privilege of being part of that
yall need to chill with these pictures
LinkedIn suggests an alarmingly high number of volunteer jobs. Guess I shouldn't be surprised...
Do you guys want to go to dinner in EG or downtown?
Parker is sick
u just knooow how to piss me off huh
I just ran a mile. I know a mile ain't shit but Im having the worst period cramps, I brought the wrong leggings that kept falling down and..
Who knew eating chocolate covered strawberries would be so messy
Wolf crush of the week ... Scott McCall (;
I've been feening and craving for some breakfast from mcdonalds but my ass never wakes up early for that shit
I'm curious to see what yalls queen is bringing to the table tonight.
Famous black people need to start becoming more socially aware then what they doing now ...
Messi would have scored that,
This game makes me want a bogie and I don't even fucking smoke
Already switched the fucks off, sorry.
30 on 30 on Leonard\/Duran. Great fight
Never have seen a track meet like last night
When i stop getting mad and let the situation go easy just know you dobe fucked up
Cause im a nice person ^.^
My heart is broken we lost Tyson chandler the heart and soul of the Knicks
Bitch caught a body about a week ago
Ya era hora Pulga!
I wonder if James Franco look alike will text me :-(
In need of an L rn
No dejo de llorar es tan triste :((
Good morning world
My son called me to say good morning and to let me know he's staying with his dad til tomorrow lol
\": on the low miss lucas\"
You ever feel the tag on your shirt and think a bug is crawling up your back... Swear I'm not a spaz
Has me looking like a loser n shit
I don't subtweet, if I got something to tell you, Ima @ you.
Sparty alert: Rose Bowl repeat on B10 network. Problem solved on what to watch tonight. # go green
para de coloca no instagram \"1.4\" \"1.6\" vcs viraram motor de carro agora
The task is not only to help people see themselves as who they are, but rather to see themselves as better than they are.
Jermar really just called me a cracker... Ok.
Haha ur boyfriend cheated on u n I watched it happen
How did I just now find out about wonuts? Am I even real?
I wish weightroom was open tomorrow
The fact that i work tomorrow lord shoot me !!!
what just happened
Could never I let you stay out of the kindness of my heart and you fucking somebody else I have to fight you now...
Lou ma Metti thi US moy Lou touti gnou neka fa naan \" omg ouch\" Tchip
Here comes brooks!
After my last day with the nba, starting the weekend withan open water swim &amp; BBQ with the the rye tri club.
Are high school attendance offices open during regents week? Its been a while
Bosh promised a win Lol
Can't wait until I get back and get to go to the village.
I wanna bet on Brazil vs Colombia ! I got 50$ on Colombia. Not that I want them to win it's just eh it's looking kinda rough for Brasil
So y'all don't think he just saying all that bs to try to get in yo pants
im laughing so hard because sexually frustrating people is a really fun thing to do
We will find an inner peace with ourself when we realize that we have no control over life's circumstances, only our attitude towards them.
This magic momeent, when your lips are close to miiine
Disappointed in Spain's performance in this year's World Cup
Note to the players: do not step on the ball when going in for a 50\/50. You'll break a niggas leg lol
Looking forward to this Colombia vs Brazil game.... Colombia has been doing great.
john cena is a 15 time champ but he still isn't better than or ric flair
Faliiiiiiiiiiiii mi How I met your motheer ...\nFali mi stari fox life....
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
When everyone says you're out of your mind, you just might be on to something.
Not looking forward to driving to New York City and back tonight
This is Cleveland all over
At least everyone's finally out of my house
My mom and her best friend are making fun of my laugh U THINK ITS A GAME B
Stewart Robson trying to say Tim Howard isn't one of the top two keepers on the world. On the 4th of July. Blasphemy!
I had chicken and waffles for breakfast and dinner. I feel so black lol
Ay don't sleep on the homie put that brutha on ya show and let him Put on for the city
THAT. WAS. AWESOME.
What a start! Yea USA!
Hmm I should make myself a tea to help me go to sleep but the kitchen is so far away and I'm too lazy
Que?\": That one women that you and all ya boys dream of fucking one day\"
Why in hell am I awake right now?
Late nights make me think to much.
I swear if someone pisses me of today
almost forgot my birthday is a week from today!
Yep. Totes am. Damn. Here we go again.
Our family needs a reality show
I don't remember any of this hate towards Duncan after he lost last year...oh wait, that's because nobody cared.
when boys on ask do the \"like for rates\" and give all girls 10
U know ur a bitch ass nigga when u tweet some basic shit
Love a man who keeps decent finger nails
I are dinner like an hour ago and I'm hungry again
Longest day of work time to finally relax
I like old school nikes over jordans idk why.
I'm going to New Orleans in 3 days. That's all.
If chem isn't easy tomorrow I will cry
gonna put the vlog up at 8 instead heh
Bored out of my mind rn
I really fucking wish my family was my courteous to my issues and not do this shit to me. It's disrespectful as fuck.
actually had a lot of fun at edens!
LRT: big names to follow for Ekblad
Di Maria q fuewe
it's possible that we are all morning people who just don't get enough sleep\"
My best friend is one of the best human beings on this earth. &lt;3
Too cool? Here's !! Thank you, !!!
I love Jesus but I still drink beer
the fuck are you doing all up in his likes???
Omfg ahahahahhaha do they have that disease for overly sensitive people? Stfu always crying over everything.
Yah it happens, u just really bother me
God bless America.
You're not America if you didn't just lose your voice
Now the question is who's gonna be MVP? Leonard ?
Uh-oh, man down.
This weekend isn't even over yet and I can't wait for next weekend.
watching USA vs Gana at the gym !! Goooooal. from team USA yes yes yes yes go usa we can do it !! :)
Kira what the fuck you can be more resistant than that
they didnt let YAYA through she was amazing whyyyy
Damn girl Jhene Aiko looks like she has the softest Carmel skin.
Lit on a Monday, it's definitely summer.
The dude next to me flirting real hard. You go bro, you go.
\"Your hair is so soft and I'm going to fart.\" -Kylene Gilmore
What in the world
That is how to start a match.
I'm getting a new bruise, greaaaaaaat
Expecting too much is one way of hurting yourself.
Fucking gas is so expensive wtf
I'm going to shut up and play video games
I luh ya Papi
I AM JUST A RAGING BALL OF FIRE RIGHT NOW. Cue unimpressive roar.
In trust until they perform eventually .. What a joke lol
lmfaoooo \": August Alsina looking like Flex Alexander &amp; shit\"
It shouldn't take me this long to get food
Merica the beauty
Ended that conversation with Nicolette with us both screaming and me hanging up on her. *~nice talking to ya mommmm~*
Constantly craving chocolate.. Ugh
People never fail to ruin my day \/ night &amp; mood.
Cardio tomorrow all week long
Wow. What a fucking goal.
Te quiero a ti con todo incluido: Tus defectos, tu pasado, tus errores, tu sonrisa, tus bromas, tu o, tus celos, tus enojos
El himno de Alemania suena muy bien
Starting not to Give a Fuck
The Round Mound of Anchoring Down!! RT : Hell of a clutch shot.
I'm so sick of being in pain that I really just want to die.
Droppin mom off at caltrain then back to work to close for an hour
Watching soccer all day, gives me the rage to play soccer rn
WHERE WERE Y'ALL WHEN THE BOOK JUST CAME OUT
Um yeah whatever
\": \"An outty belly button is a sign of the devil\"\"
Uggghhh! I hella wanna watch all seasons of boy meets world
I try to be myself but then people ask me if I'm high. \nWell okay.
Make or break season for Randle
Long were the nights when my days once revolved around you
So proud of my fave I LOVE YOU &amp; OVO to the death ^^^ \"If I ain't the GREATEST then, I'm HEADED For it l
You are an attention whore
THERES A SPIDER ON MY BED
He pulled up short, seems to be a pulled muscle
I'm watching The Human Centipede and I feel like smashing my head against the wall and throwing up everything I've had to eat the last week.
HOLY SHIT WHAT A GAOL!!!
Holding on to a lot of things making sure I don't puke everywhere
Can I kidnap mac miller and make him rap for me
That's a good ass point. I know jerry west is respected but Lacob and Meyers shouldn't have to ask for anyone else's permission
It's sad when you realize you might be becoming an alcoholic.
TSA violated me today
I can't trust a soul, boy you know how it go
Can't judge me girl I won't judge you either
Jade hasn't been able to make it to a lot of shows that's why she's Michelle
What's some gud apps for me to get, I'm bored yo.
6 weeks , 6 day days
The beach is right across the street from the projects
Don't miss the famous from SanFrancisco perform at NYC 9\/20 &amp; 10\/3!
Ha! RT : .just blocked another shot on the team bus.
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken
It's amazing that I made it through the maze that I was in, Lord forgive me I never woulda made it without sin.
wow where are all my friends &amp; why isn't anyone texting me back lmao
All around my eye is puffy fuck me
IM CRYING THIS IS NOT OKAY
im so hungry. but I don't wanna eat cheerios or salad. i want real food!
I just don't think I can do this anymore lol
The \"big\" 3 are some bitches for not at least trying in the last minutes.. No dignity
I want some soft ass chocolate chip cookies right now
Aint nobody ever had my back like I had theirs.
Trying to move up to bae
If your twitter avi is you holding booze or smoke coming out of your mouth\/nose I automatically think youre a tool
Here's the scenario. Boy goes out with girl. Boy gets bored of girl. Boy too much of a bitch to break. Boy messes with different girl on low
mom no i can't go to church until this game is over y do u do this to me
Profit from an oz is why the chicken crossed the road.
.you must be fun at parties.
22 jump street was crazy fun.
*Brother &amp; I watching Teenwolf*\nHim: TAKE IT OFF, me no like scary. me: stop being a lil bitch. LMFAOOOOOOO HE LEFT CRYING
nobody looks cool drinking out of a straw
Nothing is more annoying than the OITNB theme song at the beginning of each episode.
WELCOME TO THE FUCKING FAMIGLIA BABY MY SON JERMAINE JONES GOLASOOOOOOOOOO GOL GOL GOL GOL THATS HOW YOU SHOOT A BALL RONALDO
Watching GnR on from Vegas. looks amazing, and of course enjoying the magic of
Ya lo sabe :c Sin chelcha, sale en el papel?
I can't talk right now I got pussy on my tongue
The texts from drunk people... Hilarious!
You ain't gotta wake up and miss me, no I hope you get lonely tonight
Mi hate NANI more dan Satan
HOLY SHIT CLINT DEMPSEY GOAL IN THE FIRST 30 SECS GOAL
USA USA USA USA USA!!! Yeah baby
I guess I shouldn't really complain because why would I want them to become another white girls paradise ????????
\": Having a guy best friend is probably the best thing.. \n..Until you fall in love with him.\" Then it's even better
Everyone is going to bed already
Someone send help my aunties are talking about dildos.
Update: I should be in Santa Cruz by now and I'm barely by the reservoir...
Well the fact I was in the conductors chair speeding and slowing up the train blasting the horn got me kicked off
Everybody is suddenly a soccer fan now...
Yasss for Jump bein played on right now
Am I a nerd if I say that I'm excited there's a mobile app for the Associated Press style book ? .... So much more convenient .
Heard Colombia survived of Pablo Escobar for 15 years ...buuuuut ..that's none of my business
The amount of creeps at wawa rn is extremely annoying
Don't shoot Don't shoot Don't shoot ... Bravo!
Just Because The A's Are Playing Against The Tigers Doesn't Mean Anything
Como le gusta la rabona a los argentos
I like us better when were wasteddd
Day 1 at the Atlassian SF office and I've picked up 4 new t-shirts :-D
Both of my hands are numb rn.
\"Everyone gained a colossal amount of weight\" holed up in a windowless room, eating takeout, reading NSA docs.
So why would you show up so uninvited?
I hate coming back from vacations!!! It always puts me in a sad crappy mood!
I haven't had a Toblerone in ages
Dear Sir: Sitting naked in the changing room singing Country songs does not make you seem less creepy. Quite the opposite actually.
Am I the only person who isn't confident in Americas ability to hold the lead?
\": My bed and I have a relationship that is probably unbeatable\"
vs Match of the tournament coming up!
I've heard the word woozy 3 times in less than 24 hrs. What's going on??
\": Tim Cahill or RVP: Who's scored the better goal at the World Cup so far?\" Cahill!!!!!!
Go for the 3 points Jurgen
Yay! v on . Steph in the ring. Hope this means we'll see \/Steph v \/Brie one day.
this house i'm babysitting needs way more than Goldfish...do i look like a squirrel
my dad keeps asking me to take a tan and go to Starbucks. Who's the white american girls now Sr?
The Friends episode \nwith Alec Baldwin &gt;&gt;
I need a drink and a blunt... times 10
Definitely want a small library in my future house
Hurricane harbor is tight mane
You've done one attack but don't realize how many will stand up to defend their Quaid! &amp;Tolah
I think I have arthritis in my thumb from straightening my hair so much
I'm not taking the chem regents tomorrow
Dad: Let's go to northern wearing our Brazilian Jersey. \nMe: Are you trying to die nigga
Got my mom into saying ya Bish lol
Let's go Germany!!!! Can't wait to watch them!
Go ! Excited for . Go !
I Love Subway!!!! &lt;3
You can't target a spot better than that. This is now a brand new game.
I want in n out burger ..\n\nLike now
Love falling asleep to the sound of rain
Thought I lost my phone but found it, worst 30 minutes of my life
Faving my tweets but not textin me is like a tease:\/
If u believe me why should I waste my time trying to persuade u.
Do bosses get to tell if they can use ?
And the fat lady hasn't sung yet for
Those Kermit the frog posts are actually pretty funny
Wow! getting screwed hard by the referees, and it's not even 20 minutes into the match.
I wouldn't be able to bare if that happened to me, once was enough
just mistook a neon sign for the moon
Still absolutely crushed by yesterday. let's get after it this Thursday.
\": RT : Ya'll hear that reaction Naomi got? \"
Pac's best verse IMO came on Thug Luv bro spazzed
I always get sad thinking about all the people that use to be in my life.. But I guess it is what it is
The soccer games today are going to be fantastic:
don't think I have the energy to shower. Today fuckin killed
In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous.
Soluna is \"more evolved\" than me because she doesn't have wisdom teeth. ?
Bouta try &amp; go bck to sleep class later !
Constantly itching my butt cheeks because of this sunburn
Why was Drift a Bugatti Veyron in 4? He should've been a Nissan GTR.
Just overheard: \"Art is like very much THAT right now, like it's interesting\". I wonder what the \"that\" is that she is referencing
I'm not even going to acknowledge your terrible attempts of being humorous Joshua
GET BETTER SOON JOZY
My child is gonna have more clothes than me, I can't resist buying them..
THE BOOTY JUST EATS THOSE SHORTS
looking lazy in these late minutes
Feel like I got kicked in the gut.
I fucks wid my people. I love the support mangg
motivated monday, started off with a good run for pt
Getting chills just watching the insta videos of jay and bey's . 2 more weeks and I'll be in the 4th row screaming my guts out!
Pumped for with my
Only 13% of americans approve of congress and yet the same retards keep getting elected
Yellow card???? That wasn't even a foul!!!!!
I can't change the way I am now .. I believe in true love
Remember: the WWMM logo uses the exact same colors as an American flag! (Except for blue and white)
I'm the only grown ass man I know that loves Lordes voice. I'd say don't judge me, but that would mean that I care about negative opinions.
My cousin is drinking Gatorade through a veggie straw...
Meanwhile.. The sun is just coming up over here. Haha
These niggas be kicking that ball and that shit be curving like fuckkkk, that shit gets me everytime
holy shit. those leggings go up XXXL
I get sick of you laughing and making fun of me
\"I spilled ball water on my pants!\"
maltrata a los animales &gt;:(
CHECK OUT MY HEADER!!! \nif you don't know, don't talk to me..
2nd penalties g knockout so far
\"Whats the point? Everywhere you go has valet.\"
Creo que Fer me va a odiar para toda la vida hahahahahahas
Suggestions for an (affordable) couples vacation this fall?
Bug bites on your feet are the worst!!!
I can't wait for classes to start again. I always had something to do when school was open. Now I'm just bored out of my mind.
I don't go to sleep until 4 or 5 every night
French Montana fine asf
anyone wanna buy me dinner?
Finally got home from work, watching
Not gonna lie, this album is pretty good
Dwade's aged 10 years this Finals. He's got bags under his eyes lollll
Beasley is playing for a new contract or something Lol
To keep the stache or not to keep the stache
I've been trying to reach you, but your extension chord doesn't reach that far.
I'd never hit a girl but I'd shake the shit outta you
Starting my new FORGET a big !!
Life has many different chapters. One bad chapter doesn't mean it's the end of the book
Hearing gunshots in the night, Getting the full California experience.
lmao this my 4th birthday this year
Fuck I look like going to a school with a bunch of corrupted, brainwashed girls.
I need plans ....
The humidity must be a killer. players sluggish like its past the 85th min.
Just a lil tipsy liking pics on I.g
That's boner worthy
In Friendlys... My 3 year old niece tells the hostess she doesn't want crayons and I being 18 ask for 2 of them.. What else is new
I continued that you can't say Noah had all the animals but told the fish to be easy. That makes either the bible wrong or fish dont exist.
Heading out to San Jose after
Leather seats in the summer suck...
USA is most deff reping in Brasil
And I don't care how high you are yehhhh
Am I the only one with a not cracked iphone? lol
People fuck up let them say sorry and move on
USA!!!! Getting started early baby
Hope this nigga Santi is motivated to go to the gym once we join
Not a fan of Bradley
Fastest way to kill my vibe is to turn rap on and inturrupt my EDM rage
Some bitches think to high of themself like sit ur stuck up ass down. Stop being a hoe
Boutta pull up to work in Versace shades and chancletas
That's the lyrics I was tweeting from like 4 minutes ago.
THERES SO MANY COLOMBIans HERE IM CRYINH
I just sneezed so many times that I started crying wow new record
Oh you know... Just going to show up on Wednesday and take the geometry final
8th graders just botched \"were all in this together\" so bad. No hope for this class
Diablo me estaba llamando y no me dio tiempo cojerlo ahora no lo coje vaina que me encojone esooooo!
This family of mine is one of the best on the planet. I love it so much for so many reasons.
another small step.
Me and sammy just nearly got into the closest to death accident .... holy fuck
Tim Howard is a god damn wizard
It's sad when you feel alone in a room full of people...
Isaac has been in every season of Teen wolf, why is he still not in the theme song
Using 2 empty water bottles to play drums on my steering wheel. Drum solo came up. One \"drumstick\" ended up flying out the window
MY twitter &amp; I'll tweet WHATEVER I like, perhaps there's a problem? Unfollow me ugly.
That boy lincecum just gave san diego that work.
christiano Ronaldo can't finish
I got burns under my eyes even though I lathered myself in 7000 pounds of sun screen. I hate the sun more then I hate Satins asshole.
Very musical. He felt every beat. I guess he's called Silky for a reason.
One of Conner's fan girls just hugged me
im so excited for tonight are you omg
Will this work on a Barnes and noble nook color?
So Mr. Farr responds to my mom but not me... sick dude.
Had the best time hanging w tonight!
The game jus started tho!
To attempt to fight for you or nah...
About to start going back to church.
My eating habits in the last 4 days have been horrible....I'm just never hungry
MAREADOS DE TANTAS VUELTAS , \nBORRACHOS DE TANTAS COPAS ...
ESPN will still be on Lebron like \"oh he is so humble, he still had a better night than the spurs\"
It is impossible to sing any song by the 1975 and not sing with an accent.
n o n o n o n o
Guadalupe River Trail - Tasman Under-Crossing: Final permit secured...moving forward with construction this summer - watch for updates.
Yeah I downloaded Snapchat... no I will not add you.
All those other men were practice for me for me
Aiming for an average of 50 on these tests
The amount of time I spend sitting in traffic every day is disgusting
Damm hard too choose a team
Me too! Good night!
I need a girl to cuddle bc sleeping alone fucking sucks
Following but not much to tweet about with Spain out after 2 games. Better luck in 2018
UGHH Marcus is the underdog
Ur fucked up for that smh
I was asleep what could I have possibly done
That in n out wass good
Told the judge I was raised wrong and that's why I blaze shit
\"This is a really horny spot for me like the bottom arch of my foot\"
That time that usa is playing a newer episode of svu than nbc.
Legit feel like I'm dying. This fever is ridiculous. Haven't made a will yet so just give all of my belongings to my mom and sister.
fake ass bitches hang with fake ass bitches
This house keeps on creaking.
C'est la folie
Soul recovery my ass. What the fuck have you been smoking cuz?
Remember when I was bribed into going to church today thanks to BURGERS
Next year I'm leaving to vidcon 4 days early.... Just in case...
Goaaaalllllll!!!! Fucking beautiful
Annnnnnnnnnnd Bedoya kicks it out for a goal kick. Hun asshole.
Here we Go! \nJUL 8 at in Central Park !
I'm goofy, not immature. don't get it twisted.
\"To Wong Foo\" taught me how to be a lady.
They might give Landon a call!
When one door close another one opens right up
Damn gotta wait another hour for thrones.
BITCH WHATCHU THOUGHT I WOULDNT COME IN THIS SHIT AND MURDER SOME SHIT HOE YOU GOT ME FUCKED UP
That's a red card man
Tiagos block was a goaltend.
Antes los twitteros se acostaban mas tarde.
I BELIEVE HOLY SHIT
JUST SHUT UP WOMAN AND START MAKING BABIES
IM OBSESSED WITH AND RELATIONSHIP oh my god
Hahaha holy shit. I can't tell if the irony of that was intentional or not cause that just sounded so dumb to me
I picked the vinho verde but I'm going for a win.
What at freaking Goal !!!!
I forgot California has a time difference..
No mercy ....
Beer is like Porno.....you can buy it but it's better if you make it at home
Jetzt aber mal \"Volle Fahrt voraus!\", Deutschland!
I just want to be a movie and TV critic
Here's my daily where's college at tweet
I assume everyone at work will be 100% cool with me wearing my Bradley jersey tomorrow. right?
Okay I decline ur 100k money. I'm rdy 4 I want &amp; date w or look a like, deal
All you herbs trying to see your name on vacant lot walls. 'di que' graffiti. I'm trying to see my name in academic journals and articles.
I'm a hard core Jonas fan you cannnnot Phuck with me
You can count on me to misbehave
It's annoying when people always take years to get shit done
You're the most confusing douche I've ever talked to in my life.. See yaaaaaaa
Will someone please take me to see The Fault in Our Stars. I need this in my life.
I would be the happiest girl in the world if followed me on twitter right now ! 'Mon
Family BBQs now consist of little kids running around waving their iPads around and asking for WiFi passwords that no one knows
Done tweeting time to get back to the show
Only plus about flying into LAX is that my best friends are picking me up!!!Can't wait to see my gals!
Accept the old me and forget the old me
I love jersey . I can't stay here forever though.
A party n wildwood will make next week grand ok
A back rub sounds amazing right now
we got the squad in Brazil rn
Then one day you find 10 years has passed you
Baby girl, i cant imagine what its like for you
LINA AND BREANNA ARE THE NIGGAS
I need to keep in mind that everyone leaves. Need to protect my heart and put the walls up. Maybe someday, someone will break them.
US soccer: I believe that we will win! No, I mean actually. I think that we will win. Like, beat Belgium I mean. My prediction is we'll win.
Ki afriken sa Jeff
Shhhh ahahha Bye mi fucsia favorita.
My life long goal is to have calum sign my tits
Is ekblad the lost Winklevoss triplet or what
Alcatraz today! I've got Folsom Prison Blues as an ear worm. \nMy last day of my vacation, thanks to those of you who've kept me company.
When you start abusing weed it starts to show
such a nice as goal !
Ai Grecia vai toma no cu que selecao horrivel da porra
im going swimming all day idgaf if it rainig
It's people like you that make me feel like shit, but I don't blame you I'd make me feel like shit too.
And I loved every part of that
I am fucking insane but my intentions are gold and my heart is pure.
sometimes i just be in the mood to slap a bitch
Shorter July 4th Emails from Retailers: \n\"Celebrate America by buying the fuck something.\"
The suspense is real
Wow fuck last year in the teens
My hands are sweating lol
Finally watching the awards. But in the middle of doing laundry. Do can't watch the entire show but it will repeat again
When you've got the perfect snapchat pic\/video &amp; snapchat deletes it before you've gotten to post\/send it &lt;&lt;&lt;
What a flop
What do vegans say about eating rats. Like do they try to stop people in china from doing it?
now that i think of it, i dont really have friends lol
Y'all sure know how to suck the fun out of everything.
Don't know where to begin studying
Deep late night talks are where the truth is spoken always
Im praying u don't make the wrong choice
If someone is meant to be in your life- to get them there!
It's 2am and I'm listening to And trying not to wake everyone with my dancing and singing to don't stop
I don't understand people who drive with headphones on
experiencing a whole new form of exhaustion right how
Me and left grad party for the community swingset
No creen en nadie por el simple hecho de tener cuatro mechas largas.
I'm feeling extra happy today cuz that extra sleep I got !
Not that LA has any better drivers or anything but still smh
I ain't no saint but i had no men around me and i turned out ok, so cut the bs.
that is beyond fucked up .
So today was our last full day... Okay
Hey can you please notice my friend she wants to meet just like me so if you can please help
Always thinking about my future &amp; who's gonna be in it
Growing up is weird shit. Like things change without you really noticing over time, and that's weird
I wish I could get a reply q
I might be due for a glass of wine but idk
I been single for a while now
No mom I'm not eating too much good. Gaaadamn
Dante Exum look like a lighskin Kobe
That's cute she was trying something different
A personal pie with every drink Whattup alligator lounge
Hey , for the delay can I trade my free movie for ? thx
I feel bad turning off my amber alert but it had to be done since my phone keeps going off about that girl today ran away
Final 14 of the 10k gtd and 5th out of 22 left in the 5k gtd. 17\/28 in the 2k gtd. Good night so far
Btw tiny ugly but she got a nice body ain't nun a brown paper bag can't fix.
My mom cries every time they play the German national anthem.
Brb trying out rice flour based omlettes that resemble pancakes.
The great Strikes again why couldn't he play for Damn
Guy at bar just asked...is Ghana from Jamaica?? \n\n
Bryant Park just erupted with applause
I just wanna go to someone's house today
You got me yearning come baby come put it on meh
I'm not leaving . I'm Gna stay here all night
IM IN THE WORST MOOD EVER
Happy 4th of July to and their families..this is what you sacrificed for... know we are so grateful and are here for you always!
I am a librarian ready to hear read my favorite short story alongside my wife of now 11 years. A great anniversary gift.
I really hated the blonde across the hall from me at south quad, she always burnt popcorn at 2 AM &amp; we had to evacuate like I hate her still
Man wtf is that beeping sound its annoying af
So much for a quiet zone
What a fucking seed god damn'
I wanna go to Mexico but I'm not in the mood to get kidnapped
I don't see why I can't combine my ideas for sitcoms based on both my Social Security AND porn store job experiences.
LOL at Lauren genuinely not believing me when I told her that I had a boyfriend
I'm so fucking tired of sitting here. Someone come back this truck in for me while I nap
Hey tu.... \nTe amo aunque seas una puta....
met justin exactly one year ago on my birthday in San Jose. still feeling blessed.
Can you deleted group messages???? If so, how?
The friends story is happening all over again
You talk it, Iive it
im hungry but i wanna go back to sleep
Saying the same jokes over and over again make it not funny ya know
This one time my mum sent me a picture of people doing yoga in Times Square
I wish I was a City kid
I fear that everywhere in NYC is gonna be like midtown in a couple decades . . . I hate midtown :-(
Why am I so tired wtf
The guy is playing you don't fall for it
It sucks that these circumstances are the reason I'm seeing my family today.
social media so fucking boring right now
Well this is the first summer that Ill have a job since I've started teaching....this is gonna be sooo much fun
Completely wiped out from the last couple of weeks of school but going to head back to to watch a bff graduate from VetTech!!
selena esta atomizando, grita DAAAAAAALE ABRANME ME TENGO QUE IR y nadie le da bola ajajajajajajjajajajaja
Creepy old guys just shouted from their car to get my attention... And proceed to blow kisses to me. Ew.
Who needs porn when you can just watch
My kids wont get away with nada! I was the best manipulator\/storyteller back in the day. I know all the tricks. goodluck to my future babies
Ima laid back kinda person - I like to get money and have quality time. Relax- there are days when I will have fun but it's not an everyday
74 &amp; sunny in San Francisco with no wind feels like 90!
Happiness is a warm gun
The only game I'm worried about today is Croatia vs Mexico
Reality keep slapping me in the face, wake up and smell your empty account MELY!
Messi finally see hw he don happy
Texting people back is so hard sometimes.
A friend asked me to describe a show...where do I start? Mix of Prince, MJ, and pure awesomeness was my answer.
That must be the greatest feeling ever for jones
YAYYYYYYYYYYY USA USA
Get Shawn to top 20
A pesar q no esta Donovan y q Klinsmann nos dio un golpe bajo, es imposible ir encontra de USA. Vamos USA!!
I can't wrap my head around the US having a 74.7% chance of advancing, when I strongly expect Germany and Ghana to win on Thursday.
Thanks for reminding me why I didn't want to be with you!
THAT WE WILL WIN
3 people wanted to play...neither invite me cuz...kay.
GIRL DO NOT WEAR BOOTY SHORTS IF I CAN SEE UR TAMPON STRING OMG
There's a blue sour patch kid?
it's fun being a second-generation american picking up and fondling still-extant european fantasy concepts
It sucks when you like someone and they don't like you back..
Robin Thicke looks like he's been crying for months.
Paul wants to have sex with gardy...
Happy 4th! Makes me think of Mccullough's specifically one image of NY surrounded by British warships. Great &amp; educational read.
I bet you feel really tough talking shit ab someone who doesn't have a twitter
Cause we aint suppose to never have shit
AMAZING START!!!!!!!! USA!!!!
Ticos Siempre!!!! Bien jugado jovenes!!
Just copped the last floor seat tickets to see jersey boys with the queen in a couple of weeks
I'm so lucky I didn't get hurt
Ima be on that cruise bent thursday
You can bet you'll make this ol' boys day, hey pretty girl won't ya look my way
Hello Elk Grove
The fact that I'm allergic to my cat honestly breaks my heart everyday
That's how u open a game
Who ran me over w a golf cart
Self anchoring suspension span built by\nSelf regulating contractors working for a\nSelf auditing agency\n\nOh yeah, Willie Brown too
Bend it like jones
I could've gone to a CSU...but idk I didn't even have an urge to go to Sac but ugh I jus get so sad when it comes to college
Goalie just watched it come in!!
darkened my hair to match my dark ways
Derek...... You're talking too much! Ahsha is gonna live your ass!
Im crying like a baby over this movie
Ohhhhhh so the whole state of NJ is a city?
3 hour shifts at work don't even feel real. Why am I here? Am I even here? What
Starting the day off with some Electric Feel by MGMT
Song tun claffy?
I wonder what's going through his head right now
The night i have stuff going on is when people actually wanna hang out with me
I'm so cold and can't get warm.
can't wait to get home and smoke and start reading the book I was given today :]
omg I need to stop eating burgers at work
My damn birthday in 2 weeks b. still don't have an idea of what to do
So I guess it's everything fall out of the freezer and attack tori day
los argentinos cantando el estribillo de don't look back in anger es lo mejor que hay, encima la cara de noel es lo mas
Not mentally prepared for class tonight
Since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse.
All he wanna knows is where my money is
I must be dreaming... finally followed me
I need to stay tf away from the sun
HELL YEAH MURRICA
Joseline &amp; Karlie Redd's relationship is so fake. lmao
A little messed up, but we're all alright
If you at pride, hit me up!!!!!
As the skyline splits in two\nMiles away from seeing you\nBut I can see the stars from America\nI wonder, do you see them too?
700 you and your brother are not alike
If you disrespect my team then you smoked boy
Notice no one favs your tweets or retweets them? Bc no one gives a shit
Nvm I can't do that shit to myself
Rain rain go away come again some other day like maybe never
Out of all the awards shows in the world the BET Awards are tooo live
Anyone's phone saying it had no service or is it just mine?
That nap i took earlier messed me up :( gonna be up all night
Well then, Twitter. Last summer you've been more interesting..
Sorry Colleen I just love your man sometimes and he loves me too
THIS FUCKIN CASHIER AT US POLO FUCKIN ASKED ME IF I WAS FROM FUCKIN CHINA.
Whats Oomf fine ass still doing up
Do you ever wonder why young kids w\/ kids continue to have more kids just digging themselves deeper in the system?
PICK THAT OUT!!!!
Working Friday nights alone is fun if you like getting hit on by 16-year old Vanilla Bean Frapp girls. \n\n(Holy fuck, stop, it's so weird)
Shawwwty I can take you theree
There is one thing in this life that I desire and I will have it.
why is he in a box.. I'm so confused
hey i'm trying to download CSC and the browser is stuck in that annoying 4 square load screen!
I remember when we we're just kids, we knew nothing at all and we would talk about the life we lived
Drunk wakeboarding = eating so much shit
Tim Howard take us to the promise land
Why the fuck don't ppl pick up their damn phones.
Let's see how long into the broadcast puts on live tennis at
90% of you never cared about soccer until the World Cup
Catherine saving my selfie game?
My sister trips over the stool and my moms yells at me for pushing her... I didn't touch her
Fuck all that being sad shit, im happy im happy im leaving wphs, imma miss my peers tho
Congrats Vanderbilt, a great 3 game series overall.
I need something to do
If you start your your sentence with, \"Did you see on twitter\" I promise I won't listen
Scott on the back of the bus like a bitch
I'm right by the BET awards lmao
LONG ISLAND ICE-T W\/ ICE CUBES\n\n
Vacations are over, time to get down to business.
Jones literally just destroyed physics
Like they don't block everyone out once they get in a relationship, you know?
Shook a man hand who's worth over 500 million what a great feeling
I wish I knew Chinese so I can join them on weibo often :D
How do you plan on winning the title back?
I love my friends man
He: ...but...\nMe: yes\nHe: your mind...\nMe: *sigh*\nHe: it's so...\nMe: I know\nHe: so how do you...\nMe: stop it?\nHe: *eyes*\nMe: alcohol. lots.
Yep just having a normal conversation with someone who knows nothing of my existence
Why did advertise in January for escorts for 65000 unaccompanied minor if they didn't know they were coming?
Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man
I'm listening to old Drake right now and gettin' caught up in way too many feelings before bed.
Where's my bro Jojo ! Miss my nigga already !
but three birthdays 4th of July and brunch bounce and AC
Girls lost all respect for themselves it's actually disturbing
I'm making friends with the seagulls in the back of Alton's right now. Finally, someone who listens.
House of Cards is one of the best series I've have ever watched!
everyone in Colombia has the day off.
I told my mom I was going to live under a bridge cause I'd rather live under a bridge than in a house with my father.
Idk what I would do without &amp;always
Ladies and gentlemen , Kelly Johnson!
Its like he wants me to break . .
I used to hate my black roots now I just want my hair to grow and have like 5 inches of my natural hair
Lesson of the Evil wasn't the best Miike film, but it had a great comparison of Mack the Knife and Brecht\/Weill song it's based on.
I live in a city\/state where it is summers during the day, and winters during the night, in Summer. Jealous much?
Have you ever been embarrassed by eleven year olds at harry potter trivia? I don't recommend it.
lol but we left our sun room windows open so our furniture and floors all wet.
i just want to unsee all the old men weiners that i saw today at pride pls and ty
I have the worse headache .
no but really Ribs by Lorde will always be one of my favorite songs ever
I can't stand little ass kids... God bless whoever dealt with me at that age
Angie really stooping down to these little bitches level .. Arguing on Instagram
I just saw some kinda 10-legged creature, and as I grabbed a shoe to take its life, it crawled into a crevice. Now I gotta blow up my house.
\": There's really a lot of corny b*tches out here in the world\" facts
I don't want insurance I just want assurance
Today I found our that Aaron Samuels from Mean Girls is gay. Legit mindfucked.
when is the official day of summer, so i can know when to start being a summer thot.
Wake n bake anyone?
I guess gay pride in NYC just wasn't meant to happen this year for me. There's always next year, but... that's a whole year away!! :((
Damn it Bobby turn down for h'wut
Street sensors that alert you to open\/soon available parking spaces (location, size) + pay in advance via app to secure
HATE WHEN PEOPLE TWEET BUT DONT TEXT BACK LIKE OKAY COOL BYE
In the end you really only have yourself.
I saw my best friend in a crown of like a million people
It is on
Follow my new account. You'll get a follow back.
The fucking struggle: trying to sneak the car out.
I want ice cream from the buffet..
Caught the last ep of Sex &amp; the City on E... I ALWAYS watch it when it is on!
Too excited for and
Really just waiting for Trey Songz though tbh.
Now that I'm living right next door to stadium, I finally broke down and got the MLB app to actually listen to the games.
S\/o to Kirsty Mello the birthday girl \n
Today is such a good day!
It look like a whole bunch of tweakers if you ask me
And suddenly, I don't even exist.
Dear Ann Coulter's Brain,\nGet off your lazy ass or we're halting the oxygen supply.\nSincerely,\nAnn Coulter's Heart &amp; Lungs
north west is so cute! and her bday party thing was so cute lol!!!!
I'm yelling &amp; they didn't even start
USA USAAAAAAAAA WE HAVE ROCKETS AND GUNS AND MICHAEL BAY EXPLOSIONS!! GOAAAAL!!!
is the only reason I believe in \"BestFriends\"
Stuck in traffic, on our way to Vegas with Kenjus and Kerry. Friday June 27th 2014
I asked my sister how swimming was and she responded with \"Watery?\"
A plucky musician with a beautiful voice. Thanks for the concert, Today Show!
\": That shit was stupid this morning I be real\"
I follow the girl from Cory in the House on twitter and instagram because she's a babe now.
Really need to learn how to break more efficiently on my roller blades...
It doesn't feel like I'm home yet
I could probably run Google Plus on a server under my desk and satisfy all production traffic.
That is called the Landon Donovan curse right there.
We're all in the mood for a melody and you got us feeling alright
Jermaine, my nigga
I've sweated all day in the Purple mines, I've earned this Guinness and 8 piece order of buffalo wings
So my life has basically come down to pathetically crying while watching Khloe and Lamar's wedding on Netflix
IF U CAN PULL OFF A BIKINI IM WIFEYING U
Pretty sure Queen James stood at half court for that last Heat possession after barley getting back in transition defense.
Im gonna love seeing how everyone blames Lebron for this loss after tonight
We could be together baby as long as skies are blue
I still have no idea what I want to wear....
I apologize for the technical difficulties on I take responsibility for the error - there was an offline process clearly
still resent my parents for giving me a middle initial that starts with an S, they might as well have just named me Emma S'More
The first step toward going somewhere is deciding that you're not going to stay where you are.
Was going to scare my dad as he got home from work but then I thought he literally might shoot me
usually games like this dont have the best football...two great teams often cancell each other out
Ver toy story 3 me parte el alma :'s
Rave Rave Rave Rave Rave. Never stop the fucking rave.
\": \"Always Set The Mood Right\" Lol\" lol word that's all I'm listening to rn
I don't understand how a picture with so low quality get 300 likes
Can I go back to sleep and not take this final?
cara nao posso fik bebado nao muito pq daki a poko a galaera vem pra estudar mais eu se nao nem vou deocrar nada
People always let you down, do something good for yourself
Haunted is everything!! The production is sick!!!!
Catch all the way up towards my Dm's
With out you i have nothing to lose
It's hot as a Bitch on this bus
Relationship Status: Countdown for :p\n
Me trying to ride the subway rn is a shit show and a half....
Staring at this essay hoping it'll do itself 0: !
yall think its cute to go around kissing and fucking multiple girls ..
I'M SCARED I'M GONNA DIE AS LONELY AS I FEEL RIGHT NOW
.Uhm, My name is Toby Vanlandingham, Yurok, U deleted my comments and banned me from the event page, bro.
Those have been my prices for 20 years ninebhas complained bla bla. Stfu.
If people knew the things i went through. Mentally and physically. They'd understand how strong I actually am as a person.
Costa Rica deserves to win after holding on this long
Asking bout my racks damn you so annoying
I NI KA DJOUGOU SAGO CHAPAUYI
the funkadelics should beat this bella twin unless they break up
My 11 year old sister is taller than me I hate myself ok
I wish the sportsmanship in soccer was displayed in American sports.
Mexico, sometimes you make me so happy...
2 months until im 28 just wait....
Busca novio dice ella para q l de regalitos y sea \"detallista\" mantenida y webona es la cerota q se deje. De pajas jajajaja
How much i love jamming to wisin y yandel.
My 2-yr-old has been running around the apt, repeatedly diving on the floor for no reason, and announcing: \"I fall down like in soccer.\"
\"Duffy please hang out with me I'm on the verge of an emotional breakdown\" I whisper to my dog
Don't you love when you're running and the slowest and saddest song comes on and you feel like you're running through quick sand ha ha ha ha
I feel so smart rn
I remember we were at city hall and this young ass couple was getting married and he was in his navy uniform and it was too cute bruh
I can't believe I dropped my phone in a pot filled with water and it survived
Chris Browns Performance was AMAZING ! always showing he the best leaving everyones mouths shut for all the shit they talk
jhene aiko , was lit.
Panda express sounds good rn .
can't wait to do absolutely nothing allll day
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x1
Hey Ethan (my three year old nephew) what do you want for lunch? \"Mahi-Mahi! That's a fish!\"
Honestly just want my crew to fight someone
Everyone is so rude Jesus Christ stop giving me attitude and make me some chowder
Shit I wish I was in Brazil right now
I've been thinking bout slurpees since yesterday it's been too long
Anyone who \"shuffles off\" to Buffalo lives, at most, one block outside of Buffalo proper. As a former tap dancer, I'll be taking the train.
Ain't got nothing to do mane
.And since there R probs in NDN country as elsewhere we have 2B treated as less than human bcuz that's the American way?
I'm moving to PK in 2 weeks and have zero furniture. So if you have any you're getting rid of or know someone who is let me know!
Ginobili just killed bosh
Ushers \"let it burn\" make you wanna text your ex that you broke up with a year ago and start fresh with em.
\"and after all this time, im still into you\"
Here come the from the . Nonsense
Damn I need to catch up with the movies soon
When is it gonna be myyyyy turrnnnnn lol :(
I know my role and lane but... If I'm a manager of an undersized guy i would try and demand weight gain max of ten pounds after weigh in
The unit head I'm working with directed her counselors to \"make fun choices.\" How cool is that?! Love that mantra.
DEMPSEY MOTHAFUCKAS YAAAAAAAAS
If it doesn't hurt a little, it isn't worth eating
Anyone down for bo2 gbs tonight???
Lilyan kept failing to sign onto her amazon acct for hella long before realizing she didn't put the \".com\" in her email address HAHAHHAH
I get myself so worked up and paranoid
4th is gonna suck this year, thanks Mother Nature
USA USA USA!!!! Gooooooaaaaaaalllll!! Yee
Someone talk to me! My power is out and I'm so borrreeeedddddd
There is always that one idiot who is saying \"happy birthday, !\"
This bitch is too giddy for 7:30. Wipe that smile off your face and let me be.
You can keep this smile up &amp; going.
Bust a nut on her booty, call that shit baby sitting\nDifference between me and you: I get sucked for being me and it just sucks to be you
Top 10 worst hangovers I've had. Time to sell ice cream.
Holt gives 120% every time out there.\nTakes a he away from them.
I wanna throw, or have, a bonfire this summer..
In 5 years I prolly laugh at this
The roots and I are chilling
too bad I'm working.... Again
I have bruises all over my legs bc of climbing threw the window instead of using the door el oh el
Horrible defending horrible shot
I'm not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking
That was a great start for the summer
Una Vaina Clasica (8
I actually laugh at how much you've changed
Why is everyone pissing me off rn
Now that Mexico lost, who to support? I'm thinking of going for Brazil.
I'm not tired but my eyes are
My mom keeps saying she smells marijuana. I'm just like, \"WTF were you smokin in the 70's cuz that ain't weed Mom\"
Won't Chase No Girl, Shit Bad For Ya Health Y'all Ain't Know?
I don't need a second chance, I need a friend.
What's some good music to listen to ? Lol
Branden Cogswell went to Shen is up right now in the CWS in the biggest a bat of his life he got drafted by the A's
\"Let's go shopping at dd's discount\" -dad
I don't belong living in your precious memory
If my boss didn't schedule me this Saturday after my UC shift been cut
Need to detox and get back on the lift game
My dad is very focused on the video he's watching of how to do CPR on a dog... we don't even have a dog
My boy Dempsey
Pursue your dreams, no matter what!
Guy code makes me realize how dumb guys really are.
Fuck i have work at 7am not 2pm tomorrow.
The Heats lack of reloading the roster in the offseason showed man ..
Kyo always callin me on facetime when I'm either not home or sleep
Aj puts chin straps on all of the players he makes on NBA because he knows I like them
When me and get bored and hyper... We FaceTime random people and call them... Bad ass
Never let spurs take the lead
Missed fucking 15 mins of hit the floor cuz my dumb ass bothers took the fucking battery's
\"damn I can't get a hug?\" - every lame nigga ever
So much Heat gear will be found in those Goodwill discount bins come morning
Is it bad that i have no idea how to do my own laundry?
We do have super buns here in us. Jlo? We will find them for u?
And I still can't get over how much my boyfriend looks like Zusi
But if you close your eyes, Does it almost feel like Nothing changed at all?
my mood just went from happy to pissed in less than a second.
Going through withdraw. ..don't worry there is fit at noon
New shipment arrives this week at !
I love Ruth's Chris. This place makes the best steak
I want a Winniepg Jets jersey
And the NBC Bay Area truck is outside Leland again
American Airlines is the worst I swear
Lemme tell you about this beautiful white man that graced my presence today.. Lort
It's good to know I have friends that will always stand by me when this girl meets world
\"Freaking the Frankie out\"
My first check up is in a few hours
The fact that people know my twitter name but don't follow me is interesting lol
Gotta bounce back soon!
the good ones go if you wait too long
All me and do is make \"healthy\" desserts
I never took a straight path nowhere,
Will I be the only one stanning for Ghana tomorrow?
Lmaoooo Lebron ready to go back to Cleveland
New York is a 180 from Monroe. You can actually do something here.
Is black cheaper than on ?
Throw that ass in a dodecahedron
I hate this family can I go to college and leave her
Boy you're so dope, your love is deadly
people joke with me too often when I'm not in the mood
Let a nigga watch the movie like fuck!
\"This isn't 'Nam there are rules\"
Lord.. I just used mgmt to abbreviate the word management in a text.
I don't even understand how one gets a gif wth
Oops, I'm outta time already!
\"Nothing is more jewish than dating an asian girl.\"
My hair makes me so angry it's not even ok
There's something super relaxing and zen about waking up to the sounds of the garbage truck
vagina?! more like penis fly trap
You like your twelve and you're going to be senior...
I think I'm going to Kosova with my dad this summer
What is the point of sharing information about how your relationships on Facebook. Really. Just keep it to yourself.
I never know what side to stand on when I'm taking Bart. \/:
25 rts and ill push my dads gf off the boat
Yes, I'm ignoring you bc that was rude.
Today is Half Christmas. What do you think about that?
Oh put u did...member when u cried to then talked about
Can't stand girls who cry over everything
I cracked my fingers so much as a child that whenever I crack them now it hurts like a mf.
Perfectly content right where I am.
I HAVENT USED THat PHOTO IN FOREVER
JAJAJAJAJJAAJAJJAJAJAJAJAAJ DIOS MIO
I get the worst headaches. I just wanna lay under the covers in the dark and cry.
wow Crush Davis with the walk off HR!
I must say I'm loving how this is going...
I only seem to remember I want to lose weight after eating 7 cookies
Mucho poppen let me tell u
When I met you in the summer,\nTo Calvin Harris' New song,\nWe fell in love,\nAs we ate some pizza..
6 MORE SONGS THAT SHELL PLAY AND SHE MIGHT BE ABLE TO PLAY SHAWNS SONG
Actually a little bit gutted I've just missed gay pride weekend in San Francisco. Driving through downtown some amazing scenes
I don't even know the french national anthem oops smh
Four 12 hour days paving cardinal health warehouse and still going strong today ...the tan is serious..the ass is whiteeeee but im paidddd $
Need to trim my hair and dye it again !!
I haven't been up this early in years wtf
Might've just played roll out in this joint
Not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4
Is terry crews going to prom??
I need to get healthy anyways ppl been distracting me alot lately
As I arguing about him with my bestfriend *coughs*
11) every single drunkenly incoherent snapchat posted to the public....
They even have me 8 dollars
Today has the potential to be the best day of my life; more updates to follow
Wow I just found a post that describes my life.
Chalmers is TAIL
Not a damn thing in this world more annoying than leavin your phone charger at your boys house
Lone survivor is a great movie ... Unreal
We should all start finding new ways to pronounce our names. These English language learners don't have it hard enough yet
Should be 1-0 rn
Wish Carlo was still here so I could punch that mother fucker in the name of
if anyone thought the freshman this year were fags just wait till next year lmao it gets worst
This guy thought it would be a fantastic idea to have two lions and two tigers as pets in his 1 bedroom apartment in the projects
Looks like a pulled hammy for Jozy...
You know who your real friends are based on who hugs you after graduation
aliyah digging all in my hair haha.
Dr. Leo Spaceman is perhaps the greatest character ever created.
Assuming without knowing will get you hurt
Why lil wayne look like a picnic table
I like us better when we're waaassstteeddd
The sun is rising on a new horizon of quality from in the East to in the West. &amp;quality
Shouldn't of took that nap earlier.
Slow motion ass gol.
So annoyed my 4th of Juiy is gonna be wasted at work 12-10 all damn day for no reason smh
Omg do we have any true Americans on this team.... Everyone's a dual citizen with some shit country....
You spam now RT : Ask your mom if your dad ate her ass then tweet me what she said
The only thing I do at this time is watch vines till I knock out lmaoo ayee
Please don't take this personal, but you ain't shit
rain elevates my high level of weak sauce
my sister in law posted like 10 videos lol
Listening to suicidal thoughts before work
Hate drunk people . They say the most stupidest shit !
unfair that shitty things happen to great people
I hate being compared to other people.
Ok US came out to play
MY SISTERS SCREAMING IN HER SLEEP ABOUT EITHER SQUASH OR SASQUATCH IDK WHICH MAKES MORE SENSE SOMEONE HELP
She said send me tity pics that's close AF! Ahahah
lmao slag thinks he can get in between our talks gtfo
\"Can I borrow your Tesla to take a woman to do acupuncture on giraffes?\" My life is surreal sometimes.
Wow! Have the ever scored 6 runs in 1 inning f\/ before? ? Too bad I'm on a plane headed to Seattle.
I've been workin all winter just to fuck the summer up
Let me know when I do something right for once....
In a group chat with my mom and Judi conti and I couldn't be happier
THE ONLY THING THICKER THAN BLOOD IS THE SHADE RN.
I only i was a simple man
Perfect temperature in New York! Like that wind!
Let go of everything then you'll have bliss
Once a good girl going bad she gone forever
no sticks \nno stems\nno seeds \nit's \njust you and me \non this cloud \nand we don't have to ever come down
Picked up some extra shifts. Work work workkkk. Making bank
Feels like a fucking Sauna in my apartment right now
Aint enough smoke in the world to help me eaz my stress
Almost all tsunderes wear striped panties
Let's go for late night cruise listening to oldies.
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.
Yoooooo why he roastin Ross! Lmao
I don't care how stuffed you may be the smell of BBQ always smell good!
Yung chura ni lebron patang iiyak na
wake up drunk go to sleep fucked up
Gonna shut my ass up
I really hope the knicks trade bargnani and shumpert tomorrow reshape the whole roster get us under the cap for 2015
Top Vegas Movies:\nCasino\nThe Hangover\nLast Vegas\n21\nVegas Vacation\n(Not In Any Order)
I might just get this thing on my chest and say fuck it
Now she's eating butter and the pukey feeling is back. WHY.
HUMBLE HOUSES OF MUDD &amp; PAPYRUS STRAWS &amp; WOOD resembling OLD EGYPT was I HERE BEFORE........ I MIGHT... I WAS HOME MY HONEY$ :)
We often mistake the rain our lives as a sign of sorrow when it's actually a watering of a seed in our lives that needs to grow.
G Kim English will play for the &amp; in Summer League.
Gotta love the HOH twists
Can a nigga get a reply ?
Not good jozy done.. Bring on my hero kid bacon
I love playing music about how much I hate everyone.
\"Listening to a story from your wife is like having a map where the key is 1 inch = 1 inch\" -
I saw a dealer stack up the pot so a player could count it. Then literally took the stack and threw them at the winner \nNice
Thank God I'm not at work this week to hear Condescending Male Coworker pontificate about the contraception mandate.
I have 4 days off and I'm actually mad because I love my job so much...what is wrong with me?
Life is going quite well these days
eu voce(cadaver) e um tic tac 100
Updating ...IM EXCITED!
My friends and family are the only things I'm worried about.
I'm no saint . I will never sit her or anywhere and preach that I am . If I ever dare to say something about someone's actions I have reason
I have anger issues really bad
I hate that I can't hate you
My one dream is to catch a sick foul ball at the yanks game and be on Sportscenter top 10 that's it
De Andre Yedlin AKA Racoon coming on. Remember him?
I think he caught me staring
My body looked hella good then I drank I hate how alcohol makes me feel but love it at the same time haha
I'm doing my birthday big as fuck this year and I want to end up standing on a table somewhere spraying motherfuckers with champagne
If you search you will never find a love like my love, you're gonna miss me
Saw u in quick chek last night and DAAAAAAMN MAMI U LOOK LIKE you're doing nothing w\/ ur life
Can u not screenshot a picture of my cat's paw????
GOAL. Let's go USA
Thank u for treating Me so well! With exception of a couple impulsive , Ive had some amazing sessions
I love checking what you favorite
germans thrash portugal
It's ok I still think Greece rocks
\": Furs dings furs I'm the rilless.\"
Cracker Mike not Much Real Daughter
OH MY GOD IM MARKING FOR DAT THEME
When you say sorry and continue to do the same shit you sounds stupid
Can I kill myself now or
muito frio aqui em NY
Fuck you you racist Greek mofo
Took a 2 hour nap while tanning, and I will now consider myself a lightskin
Physically tired for the last 3 weeks. Boi, I feel muy old
If anyone's coming to my house tonight they need to ask haha
Just chilling with the homies at some park that's lonely as fuck
I like people that know what they want like they actually go out there and do it not a lot of you guys still around
Is it wrong that if you see someone attractive and you go and say wassup??
I love early 90s hand-me downs.
Now I'm officially done with this crusty ass school til September
Munson has ignored the whole day...it is driving her insane
Guys what are you doing
Nah I'm BaeLess 5eva Bc I'm a wanna be
I like my name cause it starts with an X.
Bueno ya que mexico perdio y soy de ahi..... Por el apoyo yo quiero que todos los equipos de Latin America que lo ganen la copa!!!
Out of place all the time in a world that wasn't mine to take
making players look ridiculous
Oooo kill'em bitches!
Whats that gabby girl full name? I need her music!!
Haven't slept home since Wednesday wow I am such a dick?
\"No is ever a waste of your . If it didn't bring you what you want, it you what you didn't want.\"-ALittleBoy
Jesse Pinkman is bizzaro Michael Bradley or vice Versa
Like stop crying about everything and just shut tf up.
Van cortlandt park..
Coming in my room like its 11 wake up and so I been waking up a 6:30 every morning since Sunday
Walking home is not that bad i guess
Only John Mayer can have an IG photo up for 30 seconds and already have 500+ likes....
Jk do what you want people
my phone died and it wont charge so if you need me there is no way to get ahold of me until i find wifi like rn
Got this funny feeling tn could be Brons last game in a Heat uniform
Di Maria is pure class.
GOAL OFF OF DEMPSEYS TITTIE!
Missing the late summer night Bradley road days
I ain't Santa Claus I got something for these bad bitches too
Can someone help me paint my deck!
I call my sister and ask her to pick me up a 12 pack for tn and she goes no I'm already missing the USA game
Ayyyyyy dj coones edc lv set on electric area
And I don't know where I stand with the return of 24. I haven't watches tonight's episode yet but, I'm not really in a hurry either.
2 cy youngs 2ws rings 2 no hitters
\"OHHH Israel, your prophets are like FOXES IN A DESERT!\"
Disappointment is the gap that exists between expectations and reality.
Oh c'mon ! Plenty in the media report things they don't know. Join the party. All the cool kids are doing it!
I already have a fucking headache
\": I love sex.... With the right person.\" It's always best when feelings are involved
\": Mexico taking over my TL\" thats life tho.
Why is Diana sending me all these snaps.
YASSSSSSSSS COSTA RICA YOU GOT IT
This kid is fucking wiped by a dude smfh
Even if they tell me not to worry I cant help but to worry
nobody deserves the benefit of the doubt because everybody shady
I had zero idea England had it's own flag until the .
Omg omg omg Clint Dempsey
So now KLowry signed w\/ the raptors, heat ain't gotta chance with him anymore
Olive oil with lavender cookies is an ice cream flavor, whaaaaaat
So it's just me alone again today. Nothing new there.....stupid boys
My nights have been the same lately consisting of music liquor and thinking
RIP Tony Gwynn
I just asked him to make me macaroni cheese and he said fuck you.
&amp; when you climb on top that's the ultimate road trip
I must say that I did miss California
You fuckers driving around looking for a picnic spot and can't tweet?
\": Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch\"
Sometimes God's instructions for you come when you least expect them and a way you did not really anticipate. But follow them you must.
How long do you stay on hold before you come to terms with the fact they forgot about you?
Slide up into my dms people come on
You not even trying to fix anything.. K cool
GARDY GOES YARDY. BACK TO BACK, ITS A BELLY TO BELLY. 4-0 BOMBERS.
I love all people except most of them
To have a bad cold while fasting is probably the worst thing that could happen
Sometimes I need to just let the weakness overcome me for a little so I can grow stronger from it
Toilets without a lid weird me out number647
All the music on the radio rn suckssss
Ya os conte que vimos a Sara Jessica Parker?
My intern better be on her A game tomorrow
I DO NOT go out with
Oooh I see how it is
Chocolate chip cookies would be perfect right now
just made my first purchase in Louis Vuitton
37 seconds for Dempsey to score, lets goo USA
how to prevent ur mans from having other bitches? b at his crib with him every fucking day n nite :)
Quiet time is rare in the sample room.
If everybody could pretend that I didn't just eat half a jar of cookie butter that would be awesome.
Only in Brooklyn will you find that includes a juice bar in its amenities.
Neither would you...
Eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention.
It's hard for me to believe anything guys say..I hear the same shiz all the time &amp; guess what?! 99% of them were bullshitters.
Wtf is a bae? Fuck the acronym and whatever your dumb ass answer is. I want a man to be my boyfriend my fiance my husband
New York City dreams in my NY Mets cap
Never never NEVER try to greet me with \"Konnichiwa\" unless I know you or that will be the only thing you get a chance to say.
The night is FAR gone, and the day has drawn near; \nLet us cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the weapons of the light.
Someone give me a place to be that isn't my house ugh
Just bought an iphone wow my life is going to be so different much emojis, normal sized screen, unpixelated photos.
This is why we never get along mother -___-
Portugal is looking tired, gotta keep up the pressure!
I haven't seen amber and rj in 2 whole days I honestly don't know how I'm functioning
The usual happens every time I try to have ppl over, no one comes lol
So if you love me do it gently, and I will do the same.
I use to be Turkish, but now I'm Algerian.
I hate people telling me what shorts I can wear at \"my age.\" If I have great legs at 42, I'm wearing the same shorts I wore at 32.
I don't get why this all matters so much to people
Probably ate 10 sq inches of cake today
Knife party @ electric zoo nyc 2012 ......ahhh good memories
Remember when Jordan sat on the bench in the deciding game of the NBA Finals watching his team lose with 6 minutes left?
mother fucking love this shit
i miss my babes let's drink and snuggle and talk about anime
No one will truly understand how close Dor and I got :) I miss him everyday
Happy Independence Day! I am getting ready to run the Ladera Ranch 5K.
Shin gaurd to the face
Being challenged in life is inevitable, but being defeated is optional.
I love Mexican Food, but it don't love me
so you look like a fool. js.
I really need a digital detox
Can't wait for the boo to have home passes shooo maybe even be out so I can show em wts up tho...lmao...
Felicidades a nuestra de por su triunfo ante
Don't fuck with my shit or you'll get fed to the wolves....
Yea RT : Does Baseball Twitter like Andrew McCutchen?
I dead only don't like 2females &amp; they both thots lol
I stopped caring awhile, but now I reached my breaking point, I'm done.
Brooks for a repeat?
I guess I got ahead of myself.
\"Lauren oak had a stripper like we should work the pole one time\" ok bizus
At least there's soccer today lol
When you know how people are their actions tend to not bother you anymore.
3 fears: heights, the dark, loosing anyone I'm close with
Extremist Muslims make normal Muslims look bad man! Smh
\"I shit my yoga pants... Three times.. And I didn't even learn the first time\"
98 on the US Regents but failed math and barely passed chem...which you think I'm celebrating?
IDK HOW is not nominated for any awards
Got Downtown Love bumpin in my car right now
Po bahna gati per teravi :D
Happy 4th of July! Have fun but be safe.
I like accents to a certain extent like I need to actually understand what your saying
Shit doesn't really hit ya til they hire your replacement at work...
What is happening in this McDs rn...
Say you cant help the fact that youre so crazy and youre so good at making me feel guilty for tryin to walk away cause Im tired of being mad
Lmaoo idk why people stress over people's ignorance. I shrug that off because I don't expect much from people anymore
Wow adobe is seriously taking over the App Store
It's like 90 degrees in my room
Chem wasn't even hard tho dropped that 79 last year
\": lol tru it display pan public dats why. Private much beddur :')\" loool waii , doe 4 get me .
Just discovered hooked! Now come play in SF!!
Tim Howard is captain America
It's like battle of the thots to see who can be the thottiest
Nick ain't been coo since Drumline
We trade places, rehearse lines to them &amp; then we fuck faces..
Coasting down to sea level and couldn't be happier
lol my mom has a date tmrw... lucky ass
There's snowflakes falling from my debit cards
this is going to be a pain to import all this vidcon footage fml.
I'm working on sleeping on the left.
I don't understand why you are so blind to the things I make so obvious.
I wanna go back and do it all over
prolly just one of those girls to u lol aw
Smilin while I'm sippin on this Hennessey
Drake don't even go to the BET awards anymore
It's too early to get up and make myself look like a female
U know da streets nigga no white flags and no peace talk!
Why am I still fucking up
one time my dad asked for more guac at chipotle and i mentally disowned him
the future isn't how I remember it to be.
I can read this ish myself
BET Awards has 95% B\/C list stars and 5% A list stars
a fellow gay white cisguy told me to smile at Pride, because \"those guys [sic] at Stonewall made this possible for us!!\"\n\n...no.
firefly update: I found him and he's now safely back outside
scratch that: I should really get off the balcony cause this chair is killing my back
Can't wait to graduate and go ghost
Jermaine jones &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Ronaldo
The mog mentality of the furry fandom is \/adorable\/.
1)since Blue Jeans was released I began making a list of my all time favorite songs. I'm talking songs I would choose to have on repeat on
\": \": I dunno for these boys, just moving through the team.\"loving the crew\" no its annoying very annoying
My hair so fucking annoying
how you gonna dog on someone for something YOU used to do?
Shot at his mother's funeral procession, that is SO ratchet. Benzino deserves better family then that. Like dead ass, who does that?
One thing I miss about home is flying down country roads.
If I did one more stupid question I would of had an A -____-
Glad I woke up at 3 am just to have my plane delayed another 3 hours.... Is it margarita time yet?
WTF AM I SUPPOSED TO DO NOW?
Don't forget to check out the \"OBJECTS\" page on Facebook. It's my new movie. Donations would be appreciated. Xoxo
I have a strange respect for women truck drivers
ya amanda let's drive with the top down on the jeep it's not cold or anything
It is easy to be hate on yourself before you go to bed. You're tired and without distraction to focus away. I do it often. Love yourself.
The Sean Paul Pandora channel is hands down the best, no arguement over that one.
World war z is on netflix yessss
HIS HAIR WAS SO LONG AND IN A PONYTAIL HE WAS SO PRETTY I'M SO SAD
At the movies with this nigga gami
House sitting in Fresno this weekend
I keep making stupid mistakes and wonder when tf I'll learn from them
HE BARELY SPEAKS ENGLISH YES
You know what you learn from a bad relationship?
Scratch that, *if you have watched Jenna Marbles's song,\"Boyfriends\", then you haven't lived.
Who's down to go clubbing tonight lollol foreals tho
Really don't want to go work today.
I DID THAT!!!!!!
Tbh if this intensive doesn't make me jacked I'm gonna be disappointed af
What do you get out of being a player? What's wrong with being loyal to one girl?
Ladies, bras are not shirts. Thank you
I meant no words in a good way on that previous tweet. It was so good I had nothing to say.
Kobe to the Knicks
Frozen grapes are the best grapes
This dude bought these kids some batteries in exchange for the college tuition.
USA USA USA OH MY FUCKIN GOD
My cat will live forevah and we'll be meowmix mates
Why the fuck is Laura ignoring my TXTS
I wanna be a celebrity just so I can SLAY at award shows.
You could win my heart with brunch and bottomless mimosas.
I rather have a good time then to have to worry about anyone or anything else. Drama free.
If my sister doesn't like you then neither do I !! :)
Trey Gowdy just ripped the head of IRS a new a**hole! It was effin' beautifiul. This is the best prosecutor you'll see in ur life!!
Maybe you should stop acting like a teenager and start acting like a parent. I know 3 year olds who are way more mature than you.
Dexter Morgan is a really great and well developed character
Who the heck doesnt wear a bra to the gym
Long Island.... Why do you have so much traffic. Ughhh
Should I get Starbucks before work or na
INDIA THE BEST TEAM IN THE GAME IN FIFA L.O.B.
Easy () on 95.3 San Jose w\/ Randy Jones. Yeah... :)
There's a tsunami sign by my house that always freaks me out
Don't pretend like you know me better than I know myself
I believe that we will win I BELIEVE
UNIVISION: \"OH MY OH MY OH MY GOD! J J J!!! THE JONES!!!!\"
Some ppl take life too seriously, laugh.. Have some fun.. Make inappropriate jokes that make old ppl snare at you
Last night's was the most watched event ever on that did not involve American football.
Engagement rings are kind of dumb when you think about it... You buying her a ring,.. To buy her another ring...
TWO ONE. YASSS
The girls living in my suite next year are fucking awesome.
Pretty much just lolled at snaps
This looking just like the Super Bowl
Daeija said Raymond let's make twitter poppin tonight Lmao
MARLON BRANDO: Trendsetter MT : In 2013, Americans bought more butter than margarine for the third straight year, spending $2 billion.
Driving home in the dark, almost hit cat at bottom of driveway. Go inside, both cats asleep with parents.
Gotta say though, the music does make for a very dramatic reading experience.
when me and my friends are drunk and they can't hang I take care of them and act as sober as possible
It's funny, people think I stopped hanging out with them cuz I have a bf, nah I stopped hanging out with you all cuz u stopped hitting me up
If it doesn't alter your life in any way then why trip?.....
THAT WAS DIIIIIRRRRRRTY
Smile and walk away, because neither of us will give in.
I think I'm gonna smoke a BANGERZ joint and watch Miley the movement.
\"Gave my friend a lambo, that's a lamb-me-down\"
Shit man why does jeff have to work
Shit she might say she love me , she don't love me like she say
Fuck my sisters boyfriend for not telling us about today.
And where all under the upper hand
I like boys when they're not being a player or confusing or mean or annoying or disgusting or ignorant or cocky or dumb or\nJust alive ig.
AMERICA FUCK YEAHHH!!!
Well that was quick
I plan on buying 2 Brand New tickets. Plans on how I'm even getting there can wait.
Hopefully ci can get her wish and work with Janet now
\"Carter thinks girls need thigh gaps and big asses\" No Carter makes me feel beautiful no matter what. love u don't mind the hate
I feel like I'm going to vomit
Been a great day , who wants to buy a bridge
I'm so nervous and excited for today's game
if u live in Riverdale and ur free come hang out with me
Cuffin season remix. Legit.
My liver is fucked
That dude with the dreads has to be from Berkeley!!!!
WHAT A KICK
This Ronaldo guy is a whiner
If Ghana score and I celebrate I might get killed...
Way ago to Martin for almost killing my dog ! -.-
USA! USA!\nFREE PBR! FREE PBR
needs to worm in their cele game
KSJC 292253Z 29011KT 10SM CLR 30\/13 A2985 RMK AO2 SLP106 T03000128
guys i actually have a man crush monday for tomorrow
Someone get me a broom cause that was a sweep!
Stop investigatin these heathens and free yourself...
Last year I was willing to drive the golf cart back from the pub through the streets of cape charles and risk a DWI
Dempsey is a friggin savage
People With Guilty Consciouses Be The Worst Type Of Mad lol
Hey guys we'll be seniors in like six hours is that weird???
no summer could ever compare to last summer
STOP ITCHING TAT!!!!!!
I don't know why he fronting for the blogs
The husband just put the dirty spatulas directly on the clean stove instead of the spoon rest because he \"didn't want to get it dirty.\"
I have Book Group tonight. Is it sad that I'm proud to have finished half the book this time? We have a 'come either way' policy.
What ever happened to the good times? We should create for ourselves not rely on
lmao i dont even like any guy at my school starts cringing
My puppy cuddles with me so that's why I don't need a crusty boy. (:
Andy thought Europe was spelt with a y
What a hot day in the big apple!!!!
I hope 's tooth is okay
What a great day. Summer is the best.
Why am I like the only girl at the gym right now
USA Tweet overload
Te quiero para todo, incluso hasta para siempre.
\": Can't wait to start volleyball with \" I know it needs to start!!!
I'd rather not live like there isn't a God then die and find out there really is
it's really starting to become clear about how much people really care about me ((:
This is it. I've become a man
I could use a slice of pizza and like 7,000 dollars or something.
Operation keep LeBron: Make Wade play PG, sign Melo, buy Greg Oden a pair of new or gently used knees.
found $10 on my grass
\": Hmm...you probably aren't eating enough hummus. It's a hummus deficiency. \" happy gay pride week
When I was their faces I was like: Admit it! They're good! XD
FUUCK YEEEEEAAAAAAH!!!!!! USA!!!!!!
Having no glasses is no fun... I can't see anyone .. So sorry if I pass you.
this is gonna be the longest drive home fml
Amazing leg workout almost couldn't drive stick back home calves were cramping up yo FML work tm is going to be hard
Ok, that's enough hockey for today. is on. See you all tomorrow.
Can't believe I graduated high school today at 17 years old
RIP MJ...Deng its been 5 years already...hoi...where has time gone...
Insane World Cup
When have you ever used word blubber?
Well time to find a window seat at the terminal to watch\/draw\/sketch planes
A good personality could make you look 10x's better
Also, I packed the dress I wore on my 21st for tonight... Strong vibes.
No need to have feelings when no one else does...
Gambino girl forever on that bracelet that she bought online.
Nap felt like everything I need.
Waking up at 3 to go to the airport yay
I really wanna shower but I can't unless my mom is present.
You got a dream go for it quit sitting around waiting for something to happen
Team Marathon basketball game 1 - lost 50-48 on a buzzer beater 3
Morning all. Have a good Monday. if you need to chat, let me know neighbor.
Put a dress &amp;| a bag on hold for tomorrow ! I just need to get sandals
It didn't matter anymore idk why I thought it did
The Nazi dead taking the Cup tho
Why in the motherflips is the casino so busy!? Go the flunk home you low lifes
I'm about to sleep
Someone told me the praying hands is really a high five
3 out of 10 days left!
wait... is this real life? I actually got a B on my Marketing final? whattttt
Girrrll your MCM gotta man crush mondayyyyy .. read the signs ctfu
Fuck hahahaha not today cristiano
On a 7 hour drive through most of New England you start to feel pretty fricken 'Merica
WHAT A STRIKE!!
I would just like to thank not only god but Jesus for letting me survive with Nicole driving
Just fed Chii Chii , he was hungry
hoy hoy hoy hoy hoy hoy hoy hoy(??????
give a Double Circle Maxfli &amp; Woods Bros persimmon there ain't nobody gna beat him \n\n\n
me and ash are walking to 7\/11 bc we are sketchy mofos
Yo no puedo compartir tus labiooss
BA BA BA BUT BUT BA TODAY JUNIOR
alors a meaux ct des zoulous et sa puer sa spousserr tt sa g mis du deo sur les gens er jme suis barer mangeer
Lebron had a good game tho
I can be rough. I can do anything you care for, everything above. Baby, let me rock your body, ride your body, kiss your favorite spot
Im gunna be a pirate and steal gold for a living
Just a quick fyi that Clive Owen is SUPER HOT in The Knick
This man is forever on his period
when he calls me perfect &gt;&gt;&gt;
I'd like to raise a glass to the fact that everyone's finally realizing how much of a piece of shit you are
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS GORGEOUS!!
Now I'm questioning the death of Corey MONTEITH
what's it like to feel important?
Might as well since everybody else is yeah?
I would never walk into a store &amp; act the way half these people do
Side neting baby that curve!
Today is my cousin from Mexico birthday lmao, mind you she lives over there
The fucking cleaning lady is here. GREAT. Can this day get any better?
not gonna lie this group chat is coming up with great ideas to make this summer amazing
My head has been hurting since yesterday. Oh my gosh. Whyyyyy.
Think Like A Man Too was good , had me dead
Who wanna come with me on the 4th ?
\": moral of the story: if I favorite your tweet you're hot\"GUESS IM HOT
Today was the second time I've happened to be on a flight with Sandra Bernhard. If she doesn't do a one woman show about that I will.
idk how girls have nice bodies without working out... if I didn't work out, I'd be 900 pounds..
Welcome to the suite life Ahsha \n
Everyone at pride, and I'm at home
My dad crib lowkey Africa son, I'm SWEAT-ING
KSJC 161353Z 14003KT 10SM FEW014 SCT023 13\/09 A2992 RMK AO2 SLP129 T01280089
65: omg I miss you! remember when I would sing Taylor Swift songs to you all the time in chemistry? you're such a nice girl, love ya!
nprogress is great. Thanks !
I'm bout to take full advantage of this Jonah Hill thing when I get to Italy.
Im stuck with one hoe... Bae
So I know I was hatin on my grandma a bit but I take it back\nI come home from work and there are 7 MOTHERFUCKING CALVIN KLEIN DRESSES FOR ME
Whenever fancy comes on I think of rack city b
STRONG! Something that I want to feeling.
should've went out w sis and the youngins cus im bored AF
My sidewalk psychic rebranded herself as an \"Intuitive Life Coach.\" Got to own your personal brand!
If you saw me in the shower you could possibly confuse me with a black woman in a white bathing suit
Woooohoooo!!! Dempsey does it!!!!
shut the damn door
You know what sucks? When you start realizing everyone in your life is a piece of shit
Happy Friday wise and ! May y'all have a wonderful weekend. xx
education is important, but I'm dying for it to be over.
How you get a 5 second violation?
Theres only one word that describes most guys....LAME
Can I show you the real me?
you know you drank too much when the windshield whispers are making u nauseas
I just want to go away somewhere. Help.
All the amount of hot girls that attend U of A is crazy
JERMAIN JONES MOTHERFUCKERS
They really should have castes Forest Gump as the Most Interesting Man. Good going Dos Equis
After a long day of golf, Celia's hit the spot
Bruh there's a Bentley on my street why this fool living in harveston
I'm Focus on my career and my Family,Nothing else
At 21 I'm a scared of two things, thunder and Pennsylvania drivers.
Being in love means keeping your word after the glitz and glamor fade, after the worst bad breath, fart, or awkward moment
The incoming freshman and sophomores at every school are wild as fuck man
Staying up until 1 am is accepted. But anything and everything past 2 am is just weird ...
I ain't never called no man with less than 8\" my daddy. He trippin.
What an absolutely superb episode of . I'm shaking. Everything has changed.
It feels good to catch up sometimes.
So today is our last full day...okay
Girl I'm gonna turn the lights down low and show you what im about
I have seen so many people wearing those jelly shoes are they even comfy omg
Bodega fries are all I need in life
How is North West gonna feel when she finds out that she's famous bc her momma sucked dick .
Lol people trying to start twitter drama
Manu's dunk though......omfg
Today's musical lesson included select tracks from Chaka Khan, Level 42 (early 81), and post-Take That Robbie Williams.
Gavin: what's second person POV?\nBurnie: first person is \"me\", second person is \"you\"-\nGav: I didn't know I was the second person\n\njfc
Forgetting to eat dinner doesn't do much for my ability to pack for Las Vegas.
My relationship isn't perfect but I'm glad it's the way it is
Rachel and i just connected through our egg chairs
Que vengan nomas esas dos camisetas de la seleccion q pedi. Ya que chucha que esos negros faranduleros valgan V no me quita lo ecuatoriano.
\"I saw a punch bug and I was tempted to punch you but I didn't\"
Un flow diferente
NO OH MY GOD NO
Got damn America !!!!!!!!!!! U s a U S A!!!!
Watched Think Like A Man Too &amp; It literally almost made me cry.
I believe in first come first serve ... That's why I don't spend my days sleeping too much
Stanford vets also back on campus after short rest. Next 5 wks: Team deposits into conditioning tank so they can make in-season withdrawals
Tbh relationships scare the shit out of me lol I've been avoiding commitment for too long
Cuddling with a cat tonight. Someone text me! DM me for my number
Aezisman sa yo kapral pedi stress net
Wait so kate was in body storage\nWhy\nWhat\nhelp
Those damn terrorists taking over Iraq are driving up my gas prices. Terrorists are assholes.
USA need to be more in control, it's the only way to keep the lead. \n
So shayla calls me to tell me I could have been on the same place as what I can't believe I missed him
Costa Rica deserves this win !
I just want to buy my future wifey a bentley and a big ass house !! Lol
Finally watching on and I love voice! Unique and Hot!
...because that's the same sport RT : fuck the spurs it's ninergang
Ok that was like a punch in the stomach.
Graduation dinner at Mr Chow
Life goes on whether you choose to move on and take a chance in the unknwn or stay behind, locked in the past, thinking of what couldve been
Kobe can get Carmelo to come to the lakers, they are best friends
what happens if I buy a blue jays jersey ?
I want to ride on a camel's back on the shore of a clear blue ocean beach, and an elephant
If you don't drink for America today, go to another country ya faggggggggg
My dad keeps saying he needs a grandchild, but I don't know why he is telling me because that's not going to happen from me lol
I can be your American boy.
Riley with a baby. Omg I think I'm going to die
Malibu California is calling my name
that performace was ass, this fake cassie looks awful as well as nick cannon
im so frustrated i could cry
I believe in god cause he answered my prayer once
its 4th july .... :) :)\nin
I always get excited when I eat a salad because I never do
Play that funky music white boy!
Friday night: Beers, Resident Evil Zero &amp; Type O Negative.
If that was Papi's at bat he would've went yard
Taryn &amp; I come to parties for the food &amp; the food only
I want life always to feel like that moment.
Thank you, yes, Fortran is indeed one of the daily build essentials &amp; part of any balanced build diet.
the Phillies are shut out for that tenth time this year
supposed to make bank this weekend, but the rain ruined it
I'm Jordan vs the cavs for the last shot
Lol idk anything about soccer
JONES IS FRESH AF
Getting pretty sick of your shit its not funny anymore.
I guess a rough day at work is better than a boring one
Jax is the biggest Asshole ever in the pool
I've waited on you, can't wait no longer
Prayer request to school construction Project,\n\nplease pray for us that God provide us funds so that our ministry can make construct school.
I'm about to watch the Tammy advance screening with ! I'll be sending my thoughts to the Gay Geeks of NY blog!
What to do to help myself fall asleep...
Aw I was really hoping BTC would artificially drop today so that more ppl would buy.
I forgot to tweet document this, I fed penguins today!
Tallon and the Panthers are being stubborn with the number 1 overall pick with a fairly weak draft class this year.
How are there so many thugs and gangs at the Gay Pride Parade? I thought that wasn't really the scene...
Yo it sound like they playin in the garden
So my tricare insurance messed up but I'm back on tricare prime. But not effective unt aug 1, 2014. Like why.
While 3000 things flow in and out of my mind
Don't look no farther\nBaby I'm right here
CHILE ESTA PARA CAMPEON DEL MUNDIAL ?
Who has the more 'interesting' people?\nLaughlin, NV or Parker, AZ?
I could be sleeping right now.
I felt like getting on a roll for a second, but my heart's just not in it now. Sorry\/you're welcome
I thought the whole getting in a screaming match with your dad and storming out if the house phase happened in highschool??
OMG Hillary Clinton on reminds me why I hate politicians. Not answering a single question. What a reporters nightmare.
\"Take your bless you and go\" - san referring to coughing
Just wanna feel loved and cared about sometimes
What you talking about if it ain't about the money
literally just as i became able to donate blood again, i got another piercing. i hate me
I never knew I could feel all those emotions at once come on Lea!!!
Sometimes you meet your kindred spirit on twitter dot com and for me that person is
Ronaldo is throwing the game deadass
I haven't even been watching the game hahahahahah
Nothing quite as magnificent as arriving in nyc &amp; seeing the Manhattan skyline at sunrise
I'm like alergic to a good and normal realtionship or something.
Trying to figure out how a 5 page article about why someone left a TV Network in the 1980s or early 90s is relevant today.
Hoy te amo, antes solo te queria.
Ain't nobody business but mine and my baby
My mom and Connor both aren't answering. Now what
\"She told me to unfollow her on so I listened\"
Super king duesh right here -&gt; &lt;- stole 's computer computer. I can't wait until I run into you
Shout out to for snapchatting me 300 times in 20 seconds
I think I know the verdict
This random girl just instagramed coco haha
I guess I'm a bit when it comes to Fazz Jest, huh I just love it.
Les insomnies me mettent de mauvaise humeur ce Dimanche!
If you're gonna criticize me. Use English. I'm not ridiculous or anything. But if you call me 'a ass' I will question what grade you're in.
Giorno's eyes are so pretty.\nI like Giorno lol
'FdeyX' is bagging on mine and 's GT's. Like wut.
Dempsey is that boy
Group messages are like legit the best thing ever made.
People really let themselves go after high school
When a girl says maybe it means do it
Some kid just slid into my snapchat dm's lmaooooooo I'm dead
OK, fine. !!!
AND THEY SCORE!!!!!
Isaac is making me cry so much more than needed
Fell back on love with Caffe Verona today.
No le tengo miedo a nada de eso env
Someone find his command. He lost it somewhere between mid-season last year &amp;&amp; now.
Sometimes I even wonder if you guys even visit the website... ^Bud
NICE MISS RONALDO YA FUCKIN FAIRY!
Jack Bauer is looking for revenge, someone is going to pay tonight \n3 minutes... Tick... Tock....
girls be like 5'3 5'2 calling themselves short for attention like bitch try being 4'11 that is short .
I miss Garrett already n I just dropped him off lol
I talked myself out of my feelings to be put I a worse situation . Hoped you liked the view lol
Always in the struggle trynna see what I eat
Brazil and USA
Just gonna watch movies till I fall asleep c:
watch how no one was a heat fan when Lebron leave
Currently listening to geese fucking in a canoe.
Body like the summer , fucking like no other ; Don't you tell em what we do ..
Love this time of the NBA season!!
\"Oh I can't talk about it here... I'll tell you when he's in jail.\" -Lane \"Texas\" Holzem
They better count them results again
Shit was guts lol
Solid GOT solid !!
CLINT MOTHERFUCKING DEMPSEY OH MY GOD
At the end of the day , his team didn't show up . If you expected Lebron to win the NBA finals by himself you're obviously high
Damn. I feel like a Grandma. I was knocked early.
I FUCKING KNEW IT WAS GONNA BE STANNIS
Is it ironic that the song 'bad day' actually puts me in a better mood and makes me have a good day
Ho appena fatto un selfie con l'attore che ha fatto spierman
.thanks and happy to you and the crew!
Nobody needed this reunion more than buck.
Don't put up a front, chances are you're all talk.
What an incredible night that I will remember always. Thank you &amp; .
It's crazy how you pay like 1950s prices for everything at the bodega
Some people just needa fix their attitudes
I wanna go to Florida with my fam again next summer. I'm going to try to make it happen.
I like feeling important. Who doesn't?
We are Winners and we will Succeed. Believe that, Believe in Self and take Action. OWN THE ROOM BABY, OWN IT !!!! God bless
No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everybody on the couch.
You're wearing white Tom's with Gray socks. Kill. Your. Self.
He didn't even expect the award LOL.
Done been drunk texted And called plenty times this week. Where did I go wrong
I love mints
Yo I'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight
How do people even text girlscout? He's over here talking about eating ass
I've seen folks lose it over a woman with nice French tip toes.
lol im still repeating obsessed bye.
9 strikeouts over 6 innings and gave up only 2 hits &amp;&amp; got the win!!! SO PROUD OF
Worked 17 hours in the past 2 days do I wanna go into work tmrw not really
Why dont cabs ever know where theyre going? i shouldnt have to give u directions!
Im gonna take a long shower while listening to with hopes that there will magically be a giant bag of M&amp;M's waiting for me
I wish they made it to Mexico :(
Tree house Masters and Pool Masters are my show b.
putting gas into your parents car at 1 in the morning is swaggy
The New York Knicks are the front runners to land Lebron &amp; Melo if the two wanted to team up and play together. Via
IM SUCH A FUCKING CRYBABY WHEN IT COMES TO SHOWS I GET SO ATTACHED TO THESE CHARACTERS AND JUST
7 people playing Asphalt Airborne 8 on 7 iPad devices!! Insane mode: ON!!
I really need to put new shit out B
Being in Buffalo just always makes me feel so happy
3 point on that bitch like I'm dirk nowitzki.
the only things i ever want to wear are mesh and leather
\" Smoke this drink this .. Straight to my level \"
GOD DAMN ITS HOT IM DYING IN HERE
Today a classmate got $2 million(!) in VC funding. I now know more people dropping out of STANFORD than I do people who didn't go to college
I met someone so amazing &amp; he means the world to me &amp; I'm not going to try to stop feeling this way anymore.
Lebron is never winning another championship! It's a beautiful thing!
This rain fucked up everything da
Juicy J look like someones uncle who wants to be young so bad.
With ya pink power ranger looking ass
Not even a minute! Not even 30 seconds!
jk bc my highlights r already coming out again and its like i dont even know why i try when i know im meant to be blonde 4 life
And when you finally meet someone that gives you all three without asking, you realize force is the last thing necessary in a relationship
we found love in a hopeless placeeeee
Congratulations to Aaron Ekblad landing in Fla.
Freedom isn't free. Which is why I'll be working most of the day.
you better czechoslovakia before you wreckoslovkia
EVEN if magcon WASNT racist and misogynistic and stupid and annoying
It's weird looking at the stars at night and realizing you're actually looking at space
You can never be too old for bubble wrap!!
13 we shared nudes like we got the newest Yu-Gi-Oh cards
Can someone please write a song about me):
John Cena is The Last Real Wigga Alive
Taking my cousins to shows. I'm probably the best relative.
cr7 es el zorrJAjajajajaja.
Eat a dick Portugal!
Taylor is the only one trying. That's why he's my favorite
I haven't seen Ginobli do that in yrs !
not even gonna say nothin. Oh well yo
I want to go on a cute date
Ooooo they put chairs on the front porch we litttttt I'm bout to be like the old people that just sit outside for MAD hours for no reason.
Mike offered to make me breakfast, i aint gonna turn that down
Eat this dick Ronaldo.
Congratulations Latin America. COSTA Rica wins against Greece!!@
Thank you cracked iphone screen for the cut on my finger I enjoyed it. As In I hate you and owww my finger
Stop texting me...isn't there someone else you can annoy besides me
.Last night I got to see Of Mice and Men for my bday. It was incredible. You were amazing! Definitely a bday I won't forget.
Legit just saw a woman hug a tree on 68th Street.
Gracias Dios un Goooooooool de USA
you'll always be you and sometimes I'll love you for it and sometimes I'll hate you
I love going to Bethel. It's a beautiful teaser of Paradise!
Remember that you're all basically human garbage compared to . , you turds.
Jack swagger, dean ambrose or Kofi kingston are my picks for the contract match
Congrats spurs you've beat the 2 time defending champs
guehh belum packing sama sekali,,, pakean bersih juga kagak ad,,, masa balik dari CF cuma bawa pakean kotor
(how do I stop these feelings from happening)
Love is beautiful when it's real.
Just want to thank my mother one time for not giving me some made up Hispanic name.
Being a good sport and watching the game til the end
Lol Ghana playing dirty as fuck
I don't all together dislike him but he's just made it real hard for me to like him
Yay for no traffic on the road for the bus tour today!
Help. My energy level is similar to a rock on the side of the road.
My day sucked but always seems to make me forget about it and laugh. What would I do without her.
Of course MY ass goes on Twitter rants like 5x a day. Just about anything will set me off. Earlier tonight for example... lol
Classic Leo goal. 2-0
Nigga I been ready! Since my dad use to tell me he coming to the house get me, He ain't show up,valuable lesson I had to grow up
Wtf? I can finally see the night sky. This is a first ina long time
can someone explain this magcon drama to me?
I hate waking up this late
When you're at the point where you could have more pizza but you don't know if you should.. Will people judge me? Will I explode?
\": emily is the real MVP\" RT RTTT
So proud of you. You finished what I couldn't and your speech was awesome... Congratulations
You haven't had fun until you've added whipped cream.\nPut it all over her and then lick it off. She will love it and reward you back with BJ
Damn I Want A Week Like A Kermit Did
\"By dying bc i cant breathe without you.\"
Hanging out with a pregnant bitch and all of they're bipolar emotions &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Maybe watching the conjuring in the pitch black while I'm home alone isn't such a great idea
Anything other than the World Cup on my timeline is irrelevant
I only have person who isn't following me back and it's annoying
But one thing about myself.... I will actually listen to it
I wish I could get paid to sleep. I love sleeping
wanna post this pic but feel like twitters dead
When your supervisor is a super twit
14:50 NA6MG (Dan) on W6\/CT-033 (Zanja Peak, 1080m, 2pt) 7.032 cw: on now [APRS2SOTA]
i didnt wake up for ed sheerans free concert... what am i
My 8 year old sister thinks she is 16
she stay getting hit on. with out even taking shots
wait ppl of MHS that part don't remind u of country pipes goo stupid go dumb go stupid &amp; then go dumb lmfaaaoooo
Scott Disick is so stupid but its just so funny
Dying for love - Black Sabbath
Itd be hilarious if Miami came back
I told her to drive over in your new whip bring some friends you cool with
Hey thanks for showing some more new moves for the tambourine! Do you give yourself bruises on your leg from it also??
If I could make your day easier I really will. Unless you're making my life difficult then this don't apply to you lol.
My 16yr old drove the whole family to get icecream. Nice Job
You know you smoke too much weed when the the guy from in n out says you're a loyal customer as you're buying a dutch
Dear sweet baby Jesus.
Me and winko would be the ones to get stuck in the middle of the bay
I watched a documentary today and this guy literally said if the bible said 2+2=5 he wouldn't question it bc the word of god must be right
just wanna re organize my entire room &amp; makeup
Killlll, I gahh see that dawn of the apes joint
Si las cosas no van, para que seguir?
Try to eat healthy then I'm like but my metabolism is like a Kenyan so screw it
Let's fucking go! First minute
so now that LEBRON (cause ya don't even care about the actual team) isn't getting a chip this year, can ya go back to ya teams?
They be like....follow me on IG...follow my friend....shout me out...IS IT THAT SERIOUS!? Or y'all getting paid somehow n I don't know...??
Wash,Sean and slammer grind never stop
Wow today just made me not want to leave to college. It was such a perfect night
Nigga Lebron got the same face I had when I got hit with the metal part of the belt
If Ronaldo would get off the ground he could score a goal but for US's sake, stay there.
Already see vines of Messi's goal lol
Making lovely music with the homie .. my son is a genius on the boards \n\nNew shit coming real soon 4 yall
How can you hate on I can't how .
The thirst is unreal with some of you people
I'll be right by your side till 3005 hollllup
I hate hate hate having a song stuck in my head
Brb trying to marry off to an Albanian.
Germany 2-3 Portugal \nNigeria 2-0 Iran\nGhana 1-2 Usa\n
Soaring through paradise when I'm closing my eyes I'm Mr. Solo Dolo
Terlalu jauh untuk bangkit dari kenyataan bahwa kamu bukan milik aku lagi :)
I need more friends in NY. Bored.
I used to live in Sacramento and play soccer during the summer in 110 degree weather. Never again.
people say \"move on\" if it was only that easy
Hating people requires energy. I just pretend they're dead.
I'll try to fall asleep while watching desperado.
Like wtf bae = bacon and eggs or bitch always eatin?
I'm going to be a sweetheart and go get my boo Desiree some coffee
Even though it's like 830 someone come over
Land of the snakes independents day.
Common Bosnia you can still recover!
First time I am off on a 4th and it's raining....
lolz that's how he talks to you when he wants to break up......
Lmfao sum of yu bitches got never sayin the shit you say
can new adventurous people come into my life that arent fake &amp; wont backstab me like every other person does cause that would be lovely
I love having good heart to heart conversations.
\"I like you too much. It's too confusing to be around you\" well damn
Tim Howard is amazing!!
Some really cute guy just opened the door for me at starbucks c:
OMG! 20 seconds in US is in the lead
lemme just take my ass to bklyn.
If you haven't had a chance to hang out with and I your truly missing out it's laughs
Just bought one of the last hard cover copies of Execute by
Trying so hard not to just breakdown and cry
And to think everything was finally better..
Y'all are great tweeps. Thanks for supporting me.
Wow well I'm confused
Cannot wait for these dope fireworks at the Brooklyn bridge
In seriousness that is NOT good for
Jermaine \"Megatron\" Jones!!!!
You a fuck boy and its obvious
Wait i don't get the Kermit Jawns
every fucking thing I do is wrong to someone
BABY!!!! Love it or leave it!!!!
I wouldn't mind sleeping for about a week straight
And maybe you were happy, but I was bored
I swear tah goddddd *joe blow's voice*
But why niggas is hype for remyma to come out of jail ? will still be on top.
I don't need anyone else to tell me about what I have. I know what I got lol
this bitch needa stfu bout her views on weed no1 cares
I miss bae.
I hate secretive people
My bed!!!! Ahhh thank god I'm off tomorrow again!! Goodnight!
Plus two more minutes ! This game is amazing !
Fuckin'eh!!!!!!...Jones it is....
starting gossip girl from episode 1 finna binge watch ayyyyyyyylmao
My neighbors might be concerned as to why there are two blonde girls running around with swords and screaming about honor
And I don't know why everyone says erick Spolstra is such a good coach, ANY COACH CAN WIN WITH THAT TEAM
There used to be this pretty ass girl at school right like back in '12 and then she started talking to me
Can I sleep all day please
(Still don't watch soccer)
Hours of work and money I didn't even get too see, I could have bought wheels and almost tired
Alameda inks Univ of Nevada, Reno LHP Cameron Rowland
.I think you get off on trying to control women, and when they don't obey, you beat them. That is my take on you, YOU ARE pathetic
In New York City, a \"Bacon Egg and Cheese\" is one word
I don't respect past or current tight wearing hoes.
I have forced myself to acknowledge that when I hire workmen I MUST WATCH &amp; SUPERVISe THEM or they will cheat me or do a terrible job
DEMPSEY!!! LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
The radio is gonna be the death of me today.
If Mexico wins the World Cup, TORTILLAS FOR EVERYONE.
Also, I currently want to punch my sister's boyfriend in the face.
i dont even care if i cant get the iphone 6 bc joe will and his phones basically mine so
Does Congress ever go on retreats?
i feel so alone on a friday night
\": I only tweet during PMS\" WERD!
Mine jack and Sydney's convo rn omg &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I love how my store is a meet up spot
Im too lightskin to double text but reyna temptin me lmao
This guy is going off.
I will find your fucking bitch\r And fuck her, right in front of you
Thank you Jones! USA!
Neww HT; GO GO GO GO
My grandpa just told me he goes to aura every Wednesday and Friday night...what is life..
Bruhh I'm missing my baee in that movie
I'm tired of all the construction work going on and It sucks not being able to cook anything at my house.
W.e you got it act single if you want
I just saw a kermit photo that said, \" I saw your Pastor at pride....but that's none of my business!\" I HOLLERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tell me the name of the map from Harry Potter so I know its real
Hacked by the best boyfriend ever
I don't like the fact that gyms are so expensive and have hidden fees and shit. That's why I work out at home. .
So today is bus, bus, walk, work, stand, walk, bus, bus, walk...then collapse.
In this world u can only control you
0000 last time I checked capris are for girls
It's funny cause I can't walk
We dont even talk no more no biggie I was so biggie you was Faith you was Safe
tbh i am jelly of because she is so dam beautiful and i look like dog shit :)
\"Mom, get up and do something. The dog can't understand you. She doesn't speak English.\"
Fumbled your heart..... yes you did.
Just filed a comment with Dept of abt the requested 18.4% premium hike that is requesting.
Bring in Wondo
I like how \"hella\" is an established word in my autocorrect.
Havnt worked in a week, of course I have to work today
Jean shorts are never ok on men. And high waisted goodwill finds that you acid washed are never ok on women. Denim is for winter, you swine.
Youngbloods softball gets the W tn\n\nWhy would I guarantee that\n\n\"Africa\" by Toto was on the radio this morning and it's gonna be a great day
Niggas be like something is wrong with berto he's mad annoying when there's rapists, murderers, and terrorists out there lol smh
So sad that Dimitrov lost. Ugh. I h8 Djokovic.
Freshman... You're treated like this because we all got treated like that. Now shut up and take it.
After this weekend, I'm slowing down. No more drinking and getting fucked up. This was fun while it lasted but it's taking a toll on me.
I knew today was gonna be a bad day when I couldn't get my eyeliner even this morning.
I sometimes do not understand the NBA and how it works
havent had pancheros in so lonnnng
I meant u wanna get milk tea
People want money but don't want to work. People want sex, but nobody wants a relationship.
No 3peat for the HEAT! Kahwi Leonard better be MVP
\": Un minuto es suficiente para que una persona te haga feliz o te decepcione.\"
Brooks!!!! Warming up
\"he went from a 5s to a flip phone\" omgg
THEYRE DOING A FLASHBACK EPISODE OF THE OFFICE YES
thanks for the shoes, pants and shorts dad =))
Damn I haven't been to highbridge in like 2 years &amp; I used to go everyday b
Shorty drop it low
I wanna listen to some new music anyone have suggestions?
Wtf how come parents never go out to see an opera and leave their teenage children the house to themselves anymore
Only BEANS and QUEERS have MOHAWKS!!
This Kermit shit is so played out y'all don't ever let shit last
Hoseline Hernandez irks me! calling somebody hoe.mustve forget she started in a strip club &amp; got where she is bc she's sleeping with Steviej
Boy I got some issues I can't tell a soul
Him and this fucking hat and this annoying ass song
The more I look back, the more I miss you, still can't believe your gone.. In a blink of an eye you were takin away from me
COLE WORLD, real COLE WORLD, I watch you hit the floor and drop it real low girl
Let's all align on this - there's no reason for brands active on a platform to follow no one. It sends the wrong message.
I hear the devil walking towards my room... And by devil I mean my mother.
Yo it feels like summer started like a week ago wtf
im holding on for dear life, wont look down wont open my eyes
Someone opinion of you does not have to become your reality
I JUST PEED A LITTLE FROM GINOBILI
you've been on the low I hope ur man don't see
That Fire Marshall ruined my 4th of July forever two years ago. They rolled up on me in an undercover car. Be aware and careful!
God bless free wifi. Currently in the airport in Washington watching suits...
\": Add me on snapchat ; Kemberleeee \"
In my basement with my dog, drilling random holes in scrap wood, because I'm a grown-up.
Bernice is hysterical! Could Robbie be as dumb as he seems!
Despite not winning any of their 3 games and not qualifying I'm still proud of Iran's players - they played their hearts out
He hurt me but it felt like true love
Excited for college
every dude and their boi want Bria rn smh lol
Groupon be selling hella dildos, y'all bitches be horny AF lol
I got to stop watching game of thrones before I go to bed; my dreams lethal.
You brought out the best in me, a part of me I never see
Well this is done
I use to love LeBron when he was on the Cavs until he left. No respect for him anymore as a player.
I just needa get you aloneeeeee
The Italians will win the Martin Rd World Cup this summer!
looking for my red jersey omg
Wow and I'm so tired too fml
The job or the founder is clarity and presence.
WHY DOES LIAM REPLY TO HATE, BUT NOT THE NICE STUFF WE SAY ABOUT HIM?
Only real ones would hit me up right now.
I'm more interested in the pussy than the person. Cuz all hall bitches is dogs
the hippies are telling my dog to run through the fire
Y r u texting me everyday with this good morning shit I met u once. oNCE
i love having gay male friends because their personalities are great
\"It's not a birthday unless you're drinking in the bathroom at Denny's\"
I will be with this person forever, even if one day something goes wrong.
Shoutout to the guy who was dressed like Teddy Roosevelt,
lemme just say that if the bucs get a stud qb there the number 1 offense in the league
This match has been quite beautiful. The movement is far better than in most of Switzerland and France's matches.
YESSS YESSS YESSS
30 seconds into the game......:
i don't really even feel anything. just empty.
July 4th is here! This weather is so perfect... Not
I'm always left with more questions then answers
I want that Yankees hat nigga
I need a companion, boy I think that must be you
what is it about night time that makes you have deep thoughts? why don't I think about my future\/past\/present at like ya know noon?
My neighbors are blasting Christmas music WTF
You got a bae or nah
I would have seen it in person too! Gahhh
July is going to be an amazing month.
not emotional pain physical pain LOL i'm not depressed
I'll ask a person what's wrong once &amp; if they don't tell me then and there I won't care later.
Can't wait to go home, and crash the fuck out!
You can unfollow me too. But The Lord is yet pleading with you to !
Yeah girl I hope you get lonely tonight
Next round here we come. Holland get ready for this work boys!!
\": People who create their own drama, deserve their own karma.\"
I sometimes wonder to my self \" do you still care \" . . . ??
Watching Pulp Fiction for the first time
Hurricane Sandy gave us a kayak, I use it for the first time since then, leave it on my dock, and now the owners want it back
Sobbing for the past hour but then again who cares
0315 - our conversations are odee fire all the time
I get motion sickness easily, I'm claustrophobic, and I'm kinda scared of flying. Please pray for me =\/
Everyone always talks about how when they turn 18 they going to get tatts but when they 19 they don't even have one... Hahaha
It'd be cool if I could fall asleep right now
Taking chem regents in 5 hours and I'm probably gonna end up falling asleep in the middle of it
Meg, I want you to have this sad sounding fart.
When you goto wawa at 1130 and they still have sizzlis &gt;
Tony Parker snapping
slammed on my brakes for a plastic fuckin shopping bag
Me and my sister have a joke that whenever one of us goes outa state we bring back soap for eachother as a souvenir. Yeah it's kind of crazy
\"Shoulda put you in a cab.\" -
Legit just burped for like 20 seconds... That hurt.
Outlast, also known as American Horror Story Asylum 2: Mount Massive
Im tryna buy some new uggs, mine are chalkeddd
First to show, last to go.
So many plot twists on season 2 of Oitnb i'm gonna cry
I should've never depended on never feeling like this ever again, when it was gonna happen otherwise.
And that's the first yellow of the game, against Ghana
aiai ela me ama mt mesmo u.u
How do you cheat on retweets?
Heat didn't lose this series, Spurs won it.
It's sad to me how nowadays friendliness is mistaken for flirting
\nAlso, Learn how to make as many things as you can, out of one thing you can do well. And you will be successful.
Tonight's going to be so much fun
Wade just made a guest appearance.
Day hasn't even stared and my dad already fucked it up
It's fuckin nice out yea gonna go work out yea then some more manga yea...damn that sounds like a good day yea
I lost respect for my dad years ago but no matter what I will always love him!
Lakewood lost to Greensboro 4-3. Chris O'Hare (2\/3 IP, 1ER) took the L. Andrew Pullin w\/ 3 hits, 2RBI.
I don't think ill trust another female in my lifetime
As salty as I would be with melo leaving, I hope he gets his chip where ever he goes..
Well 6 stitches later. Happy Fourth of July everyone
Orange is the New Black is my new drug .
I've never had a more bougie night
The Larrondes are now going to two games at Dodger Stadium this week.
The 95-96 would not only beat they , they'd humiliate them in four straight.
What would I do without sara?
Finally had the realization that I have nothing left on the East Coast and I should just stay in California
Someone's dream is about to become a reality. Hard work pays off.
It's raining. Now I can go to sleep
The Hero is comin back in!
Excited to hear O Canada in the O.co today.
Why is my wallet even sweaty...?
So many great people worked on the Nest Developer program. Shout out to et al. Congrats!
I'm exhausted but at the same time I'm wide awake. I'll never understand how that works.
A nigga always blessed and fortunate
\": south bend Indiana me and will be In the motherfucking building.\" Wahh yessss awesome congrats!
I always tell myself \"last episode\" and before I know it I'm up all night. the addiction to tv shows is real
my little brother just came up to me and said \"you know what your head looks like? yours, which is stupid\" and walked away
Never talk about the sex make her want sex more
Kinda feeling for sushi tonight. Or something fresh.
I completely forgot alison died on teen wolf and was wondering were she's been
It's always better to look back on life and say \"I can't believe I did that\" than to look back and say \"I wish I did that\"
Alyssa just said there's a Santa in every peanut....yup she's on crAck
Shit like that makes me not want to move in to the house.
Water so cold kill ya unborn
\": Stfu bitch I'll beat you in 2k and FIFA you're trash as fuck at both games, \" Fat Nick will fuck yo hoe, hoe ass nigga
I got 4 texts in a minute. I felt so loved for a second
Abby got my up but doesn't hurry and text me
SERIOUSLY DO I HAVE TO TWEET GAGA A PIC OF MY DICK WITH MY TWITTER HANDLE ON IT
Done with kashi for a little bit
Actually, I'm over it. This shit is getting old.
It's addicting feeling. I am addicted.
Y do gurls hate the term \"female\" but they r females???
\"You're hot. You're fun. Sexy. Pretty. Wanna explore. Shit like that.\" - someone just said that to me. Hahaha. Thanks.
City island ;)
oh que bueno comenzo a llover :) asi refresca la noche con este calor que hace !
It's going to sooooo busy this week.
EMPTY YOUR DRAFTS FREE YOUR MIND CRACK IS CHEAP HI MOM
I don't think I should do it for a college one lol
This kid never fails to amaze me
Thanks to .and .for a great cooking demo!
CAN SOMEONE GIFT ME LIFE OF THE PARTY PLS
If Carmelo leaves $50 mil on the table to leave the Knicks, that'll tell you all you need to know
A NY black car driver was complaining to me that they've been reclassified as ,squeezing them to widen margins. Not cool!
I keep coughing so much I make myself vomit wtf
Crispy as fuck
Don't worry it's for forensics
We played a great game! Proud of my squad holding it down and once little mistakes are taken out we will be great!
NA NA NA NA\nNA NA NA NA\nHEY HEY HEY\nGOOOODBYEEEEEEE
Fuck I wanna sleep, I'm not prepared for the longest flight back to hkg (14 hours!!!)
so scared &amp; unprepared for tomorrow's bio regent...
\"Looking like a sexy glass of milk\" LMFAO
Ima be Liam Neeson 'Taken' in this household I'm not playin
Relaxing in a very comfortable chair.
No 3peat for the heat lmao
If I had a dollar for every time I told you I loved you... Id be freaking Bill Gates
OH FUCK ME. KMS NOW DID I LOSE IT OMG
I herd you doin you &amp; you herd I'm doin better
I fucking hate that song \"Rude.\" Ruins reggae with a mainstream love story. How rude.
I promised my grandma that my next boyfriend will be my husband. She just wants what's best for me. &amp; I'm willing to keep that promise.
And I'm gone. Time for lots of traffic. And then Disneyland!!!
Rick Ross gonna be the first rapper to die of breast cancer lmfaoooo
bits and pieces of Molly in the champagne that complements our midnight fried chicken.
They ignore you now, but they'll need you later
my sister took my earphones fml
\": I'm at the point where if you hangout with me bruh I'll pay for the food if we go eat something RT\" seems legit
My dad is wearing a shirt that says \"Arrogant Bastard\"
Chill out I was gonna tweet something good but then I forgot what it was
Passed my dad on the highway and he called me right after so either he was mad or calling to congratulate me....
BBC's \"North &amp; South.\" Aka the series I cannot watch too many times. It's a sickness.
My life, I live it to the limit and I love it.
Spasso's buffalo chicken slice is most triumphant
woke up on the couch of reinas apartment... interesting
What's good for the night fellas?
sometimes you gotta walk through the darkness to get to the light.
when i dont run i feel so lazy when i go to the gym !!
Thank god we have people who actually know about sports this morning and not that Limpy Viagara boy
Not even a fucking minute !
I'll give you something good to celebrate
i feel like shit so much omg im so done
Duh.. I lost my glasses not my fucking mind
If I ever got in a fight I would get destroyed...canvas 1:Lindsey -2
. 011 4344-3600, conmutador de El celu te lo paso por DM.
When the Prize is infinite, the price is irrelevant.
Hello, mountain view. Never thought I'd see you IRL. Sort of sad I won't get to see the office while I'm in town.
The kid holding Valbuena's hand may be taller than he is. \n
Women are confusing. Don't try to understand them. You'll only end up confused. Go get a dog if u wanna be understood fam
Dang, my puka shells were holding on for dear life.
Please Germany beat them soft french vania
(pt 2) was his favorite player. He'd show me his rookie cards, etc. and I would pretend to be interested. Years later, as someone who...
MT KevinKCBS3: Cannavaro is one of numerous foreign coaches that I'm told the Union have been speaking with about the head coaching job.
Thought you'd all enjoy the image of me hungover paddle boarding then promptly eating shit into the lake
This movie is beyond sick and whoever came up with the idea for this needs some serious help
idk just tired of bad news.
Hard to wrap my head around the fact that I'm watching John Lennon's son play music.
Not even minute one!
God bless the neighbors who are blasting reggae rn
Lets goo bronny
I could never chase after a man lol
made some much needed dough this weekend
Damn. I really wish I didn't text you.
$ gatsbyftstyles $ ur user @ is rlly cute
\"\" mejor que se mueran ustedes no
I'm dying over here , I love this film !
So I wonder where were you when all the roads you took came back to me.
Kings won 3 in OT. Looking like Spurs will win 3 straight by 19 or more. NHL&gt;NBA.
So selfish how we want to move on but don't want our exes to.
Wake n bakes with dabs are game changers
Now to my 2nd job
how do people tweet complaining about not going on a vacation for one summer and not wanna punch themselves in the face
gonna get \"what is post-modernity?\" tattooed on my spinal column
-En Vez De Subir Baja! xD
Ayo wtf did Claire just do?!
Damn thought I can do this sober shit ... Idk if I can anymore the stress of things r becoming to much everyday...
Well there kids go again trying to call me out. Thats ok though. I have security knowing whos got my back. Connections are built.
My Mama Was My Daddy And I'm Tha Side Kit
Roof caved in and the truth came out
\": It is interesting to note that many born under this sign suffer from insomnia.\"
If I can't wear yoga pants, I'm probably not going.
This weather is atrocious i need a bath
Ashykneess better delete thats shit lmao
i like u the way u r
WHY DOES LIANE HAVE TO FUCKING STUDY
PJANIC 90TH MINUTE MAGIC
Can't turn up too much tn since I got work in the morning
I deadass rather be at work rn lol
Congressional Puke is my hardcore punk band name from 1993.
I would've fainted
Jacob is the reason I am happy
That time played at pier 94
I also am a fan of the United states
GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD
Damn I wanted to see Astoria go crazy
I take it back
I need this new distraction. Just needed something new.
its monday, lets do some hoodrat shit
\": KD7's are ugly like every other KD shoe..\" facts. Brons too now. After the 7's
Goooooooooool?? Yes?? Asi ticos a 4th??
I'm afraid we'll explode just as we ignite
So I conclude that it ain't shit about \"need\" but \"want\", if that's the point of course
