Law Abinding Citizen just came on!!
My mom always has the right things to say
\"Siempre humilde : Tan humilde mi amigo \"
nbd but barbara walters and I are like basically bffs now
wow thanks for ruining teen wolf for those who haven't watched ... fucking pricks
Boys state starting is starting to fly by
I think spotify is 1,000 times better than pandora.
On a scale from on to even... I can't.
\"El amor que pudo morir, no era amor.\" Bob Marley
Time to look for more music festivals to go to.
Well Javi... You're breaking my heart...
My body is ode sore sheesh
This is when Klinsman starts to miss Donavan
These thots dont get no love
How is it almost July already?
I say bitch when I'm tryna make a point, bitch.
its tequila, gin, or henn hmmm.
OMG the hot house party in neighbors looks AMAZING
COMING HOME SATURDAY NIGHT AND COULDN'T BE MORE EXCITED
Noooooooo omg no
Wasted Potential is one of the worst things..!!
Never give up. Ever !
i felt so lonely but i was so far from it
Im convinced .. Bitches dnt want niggas with a regular Job.. They want A Scam Artists ..
c est sa de vouloir faire ami ami avec tout le monde , bande de p***
Its to the point when the person I consider my best friend, my sister is disappearing from my life. But then again who's fault is that?
\": Lets just lay down and watch the stars and talk about life\"
What y'all know about that wu tang
Vanessa's gonna have that whip on deck doe!!!
I can never find it in myself to listen to Mac Miller
just watching the sun go down while the city lights illuminate.
Im really wisking I was at sneakercon today but my dad really insisted we watch this bullshit game
Ohhh Hell No *Reggie Couz Voice*
I wish I was in Mexico rn :c
I hate when girls say they're done but they go back to that same cheating lying dude
Herb better then bibby you ain't tellin me nothin
Got a new speaker and I love how crisp everything sounds!!
So long, Bitch you did me so wrongggg
\": If yo eyebrows trash you trash\"lmaoooo this true tho
Like it's so easy. Are you good enough to invest in? Would you make a good parent? Are you stable? Are you foreal? Like I'm not wasting time
There's nothing wrong with being cheesy if it makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside, ok?
I can't believe what I've just witness. Absolute genius! Amazing goal by the 4 time ballon d'oro winner!
That's not fucking cool Ghana
Bronx shit... All I can do is laugh
So I guess we're still working and fighting for this.
I want my baby already
Clint Is killin the commercial game right now
Yeeees une chambre pour mon cousin et moi! Perfect
What I'm drinking: Dry Rose 2013.
I'd really appreciate it if someone bought me seasons 2,3,4,6, and 9 of The Office.
Go lado USA USA USA
im dead boutta watch Like Mike .
We scare because we care
That right there is exactly why a good strength training program is crucial. Not just for contact sports!
I'm watching Breakin' and there is a part where Kelly tells turbo to watch out cuz the kids he teaches might be better than him.
Laura tells me to be ready by 7:30 and she's still not ready
The US really aren't Ghana let the other team win, are they?
Thinking about how less exciting the World Cup will be without Miguel Herrera.
It ain't none to cut that bitch off
\": Do you ever just wonder what the last song you will hear before you die will be? I wonder all the time.\"\n\nWoah. Oh my god.
Being sad wastes so much time, solution? Be happy
Time for the NBA Finals!! Will the spurs become champs or will the Heat survive for another game?
\"I don't wanna be alone anymore. No more 3am going through my phone anymore...\" -Charles Hamilton
Check these out --&gt;
Spent the past 30min replaying the song my friend wrote on Friday. Then I thought of what'd I'd do if he doesnt make it through the surgery
I miss the West. Next vacay I get I'm going to Utah or something
all My TL say Is Jhene Aiko!
Some people will never appreciate what you do for them
On the upside, Anthony Cumia might win a GOP primary now, so he has that going for him
made my first asm coffee run today. the first of many, I except.
Some people really lower their standards just to get some consistent ass.
People will subconsciously respect your name and respect you more.
Fuck I have like no time to do anything..
Well...the U.S. Is done lol
Ran it back like Florida state
I really need to find them American flag roshe's
150 bucks right down the shitter. How? I don't even know...
I don't swim
Make new friends but keep the old!
It's alright Arriva I didn't want to catch the first half of the liverpool match anyway
I wanna go to the beach right now. Like are you allowed to sleep on the beach? I'm pretty sure you're not. But still how cool would that be
Watching The Woods.
Waking up in 4 hours to go to the beach to watch the sunrise
If I ever do a karaoke rendition of 's \"Can't be tamed\" I'm speaking, exclusively, to the buoyancy of my boobs when I run.
Ronaldo wtf was that shit?
we drive around and listen to the same 12 songs every day
Ed Sheeran's cd \"X\" is amazing.!
I have to record the spoken word introduction to the record
Felt like I just wet my pants after that goal.
im confused why is my tl full of magcon
Am I gay??? Forum tonight bring the lube
A long, crazy week rewarded with at Joes Pub. Slay me, Julie!
Nothing makes you feel like a broke college student like walking down 5th avenue.
EL CAPITAN GOLLLLLLLL
please make my day better. Please Cameron before my bday (9\/13).
\": Hey What time is it? \" OMG!!!
The WhiteHall Ferry looks like a homeless shelter right about now.
So the new women's hot dog eating champion recently ate 108 hard boiled eggs in EIGHT MINUTES!?!?
My notes have literally my soul in them.
spoiler, there's nothing in the folder.
Exactly a year ago on this day I went back to Ohio to see my friends I'm sad knowing I'm not going back for another 2-4 years maybe longer.
Going to bed at 9 on a Friday night because I can't even lift my head off the pillow is sad
Zendya suppose to play baby girl? Negative
Celeb sighting! Just passed character Boo as I left the W96th Street subway!
I need some fashion inspo. It's v hard to find it in Sacramento.
I gotta finish my blunt and then imma deal with this chipotle and love and hip hop.
Why is everyone sleeping hella early like there's school tomorrow
Thank you Dunkin Donuts for the one ice cube in my iced coffee
Hanging with my main bitch my other half my sister I love her
the only thing I need from you now is some solitude
The finals this year was boring
I might be watching a porno with my brother.
Ginobli is something else man
Two hours of eating followed by two hours of watching movies. Now can we shut up gentlemen
I guess nothing matters if at the end of the day you're the one with them
One year ago. Shawn was just a normal 15 year old loved to sing and post covers. Now he's a new recording artist with a number 1 single.
MR. KLAFF AINT HELP WITH SHIT!
this shits getting old now mannnn
\"Mikey we need to stop at extra mart after because I have to get cat food\" -Darragh
USA needs to stop being such babies...
If you tweet \"murica\" today I automatically hate you
Bruh I never get listened to ever
I absolutely love my job. 100% confident about God's plans for my life
Lmfao I remember how coach mike told me wrestling can make me a better volleyball player
Never wanted to sleep in my bed more than right now
Y'a des gens dans la rue qui me font tripper
haven't been this happy in a long time ..
Como siempre el Van Persie de cagado en los juegos importantes
My dad should not use the iPad when he's home alone because he calls me all frustrated everytime
I feel like lori gunna violate me hard one day
Today is going to be so slow
Never will I ever attend dollar dog night again
WOW! I just smacked my little brother. WOW!
Baby this might sound rude ... I'm taken, but I want you.
I'd be okay with somo singing me to sleep every night
Ughhhh can I date Chris the farmer please?!?!
Boring speech of the tonight, here we go!
I hate being at home doing absolutely nothing
So hype for the USA age tomorrow
Aw shit Dempsey got hit in the nose
Stumbled into Broccio at Blackies
\"Don't make plans with Chai bc she'll screw you and you'll be awake at 6 am in Meera's bed\" -
Lol no biggy I just gotta go massage my nigga :b
At SFO, on the way to LAX, on the way to Toronto, on the way to Sao Paolo, Brazil!!!!!!!1111
i just wanna go back to connecticut b im being held hostage
Sometimes I wanna run my mom over I need to get away from her
As the rest of the Bay Area sizzles SF is just chillin like ayyyy
I'm single.. I know who I want though
I love having people you can just poor your heart out to.
So um what the hell ?
Johnny come lately, but Allison Wedding is great!
How can one think they're superior to another when that person can't even handle their own problems behind closed doors?
Got a skittle colored dick, wana taste the rainbow?
Every second, every minute, man I swear that she can get it !
the fable of the wind and the sun
If anyone want the truth about come to the stonehouse in Lewiston tonight
If I hadnt drank 46 vodka&amp;crans+300 beers followed by 2am TacoBell then hangover bfast sandies 4x week I wouldnt have college weight to lose
WENT OUTSIDE TO GET MY PURSE FROM THE CAR BUT THERES A COYOTE HANGING OUT IN MY DRIVEWAY LOL NVM THEN.
Yo if anyone wants to play league with me hmu I'm trying to get a game going.
\"don't ask, don't tell\" is good in theory
what's under the clothes brooke davis
This referee is extraordinarily good.
World class player right there
\"True life: my boyfriend is fed up with my weight\"
Really gotta stop getting up this late everyday....
Frenchies getting wild downstairs
But ours are sexy as fuqqq
Brd someone hmu
I sang the national anthem in my living room. Foh, im a proud American.
Streaming &amp; watching Elton John. I know it probably is not as good as being there. Hope you are having a blast
I'm so pumped right now I feel like I'm riding a rocket powered unicorn on a rainbow path into the sun. KAPOWWWWW
In college, gave \"drinking\" Jenga for 21st bday. Last night nanny unknowingly played with her 2 young kids
this is the hardest thing I've ever had to do
It's too early to park the bus.
This L just hit the spot
Anybody else feeling exceptionally nervous about this 12p match?
Quickest goal of the tournament
Jenny from Forrest Gump was such a thot
wow I just did like a total account make over
Really wanted to see Greece win
Now if we can do that against Germany we'll be in business
My hair never lasts!
OMG Car wash chick just hopped on the radio and said 4 Vulvas coming though and a VDub
Company dinner tomorrow at the same time as the USA game. Why do you test me lord
Baby will you be my Corona &amp; Lime
Going to the doctor is my biggest fear but if I don't go soon I may legit fall apart
But why tf does my 8 year old cousin have a Facebook !?
the only person i got to thank in life is my mom
Blue cheese.... who was the first person to look as a blue line of mold and say \"that looks good to eat\"?? I mean I'm glad for it but......
Lo q ha De ser, sera.!
Can Stiles get a supernatural ability already. If not just kill him off.
I feel just as nervous being 1 up. If not more
Babe won't leave my house til the bachelorette is over. I can't.
u would think my moms cryin bc im graduating but nope, its cause i told her the dress she was wearing looked like it was for a funeral:-)
That almost look like how my hammy got pulled
I can't say I hate you cause I feel responsible for you
I'm going to name my son Jermaine
I remember when I used to be nice
Desolation Row right into Unsatisfied? Yes please, Spotify playlist.
Can it be July already ?
&amp; Jocelyn's being a dam brat.
No fuckin respect &amp; I don't respect hoes !
Amazing how I barely see my dad even though I work with him\/live with him. I don't get it..
the fact that comments 'you make my heart happy' on Matt's pictures makes my heart happy
Someone already started a fight with me I've been here for 21 minutes..
Bc when I'm mad I sleep.
I always lose my fucking hair ties
The Peninsula is to Volvo as Berkeley is to Subaru. In line for car wash all 5 are Volvo SUVs.
Lol he just caught a hammy
Throw your phone into a swamp
Can not wait to be in another country for 5 months
Hopefully. Trending lah benda tu. Tq
Florida drafts Bettman so everyone can boo him again
Tysm for stalking me at 7am you're a true bff
i love LOUIS AND ZAYN AND HARRY AND LIAM AND NIALL
The greens are superb and the weather is perfect for mini golf!
Nothing makes me happier than NYC at 6 am
I hope you got a blunt of loud you caint hit my shit
I was born to Brew up Storms, Stir up Shit.
All I want is 2 watch The Winter Soldier
I just acted like someone was in the car in the back seat and tot screamed, let go of the wheel, started crying &amp; we almost crashed &amp; died
Even When Im Right , Im Still Wrong .. Smh
I'm just going to read my whole notebook
Haven't even started my senior year &amp; I'm already too excited to go to college
The bae does some weird things while sleeping...
Ahmet'i seven Mehmet Ayten'le neden evlensin ki.. 3'une de yazik degil mi?
Lmao.!!!!!!! This guy just walked past me and said \"Damn.!!! You are always on your phone.!!!!\"
talking to me would be awesome so I don't drive off a cliff right about now
Going all out for him video . Gon be in that bitch GEEKED..
Please nobody @ me, im gonna take a nap k. Thanks
Being at the JC this early fuckin sucks.
I fucking love Central Park.
Like if someone else is happy I get happy or if someone else gets embarrassed I get embarrassed
update: jakob tor's dad just pulled in the driveway mission abort
anyone wanna try this organic restaurant w me
Michael \"Strapping Hunk\" Morse up at bat. The stud knows how to score when if really matters ...
\": I seriously hate driving now!\"
It's pretty surreal to realize you are living your dream.
I start missing Brandon 2 seconds after he walks out the door this is becoming a problem
if you have a nice tan there's really never a reason to be unhappy
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it
90% of the contacts in my phone are useless
You guys calling rihanna a hoe because she called kevin bae are so childish. Im blocking all y'all asses
hahhaa puta antanga nadapa ako :))))))) lol
I think my mom gave me signs, is that weird? Either her or god but the signs were noted and won't be forgotten
Hate when people don't know how to come clean, coward shit.
The beach would be 200X better then work rn
Been working like crazy! Ready for the weekend
Just ordered the cannibal ferox DVD off amazon, need more cannibal films
Is Aleida stealth my favorite?
Some of y'all should really sit down and think about reevaluating your life.
Now we're in this again! keep it going boys!!!!!
Who wants to waste their july 4th at bmets, be a real American and go watch the Air Force at the Air Show instead cuz I dont wanna serve you
it's 7 am one hour till the last day of hell opps i mean school
Is it really that hard to just simply ask for drama and stupid shit to not be constantly brought into my life
Now since I owe my sister $500 ima pick up every shift I can lmao
Yo I'm off today who Tryna chill we put doing crazy shit for the ready of the day
So you say its love you show, huh? Like you ain't know you tortured my soul, everyday stunting my growth, put me in a stranglehold
I am so over tomorrow, and it hasn't even happened yet!!
pakland has 1 of worst defense so why tonight is it good
I always pick the wrong line at the grocery store. Fuck man.
Do u even speak in person tho
I have the worst freaking headache..
Finally finished season 3 of pll... nd I'm basically having panic attacks because I know I won't get to see what happens till way later
Always be ahead of the game don't let this niggas fool you.
I do not feel like going to landmark.
she remind me of a west side story
EVERYBODY IS 21+ AND GIVING ME LIFE ADVICE AND I HAVE ANXIETY
Of course they lost my fucking luggage
I refuse to take those sleepy pills again..... I had this shit under control!!
If anyone asks, today I'm Australian.
ESPN fucked up there not showing us the postgame reaction in
quarter grades are just glaring h know
Honestly, Chris is going to die over this FIFA shit
I can never bring myself down to argue with a broke bitch!
Now that I will finally have a decent place, maybe it's time to stock up on nerdy shit. Any ideas for my first toy, ?
I'm Mathew Vera I'm a country boy people don't know if I got a schedule or not but I do I gotta tough schedule
KSJC 240053Z 30011KT 10SM FEW150 SCT200 23\/11 A2992 RMK AO2 SLP130 T02330111
Guys I got my wisdom teeth out
Insecure people upset me. Bullying is still slime
Demi y Ed preparan un dueto, ven que ellos si hacen todo bien, satisfacen las necesidades de nosotras las gordas fans, ah.
DAMN look at those fresh uniforms!
\"A stray leg\" is an interesting way to put it
I think I slipped my disc .
when people laugh when I'm serious I wanna punch them
A lot of time alone, in exchange for a little time w the one you love.
Thanks for the nice birthday card. Esp impressed with the hand drawn cowboy hat! \\m\/
RIP to my bank account. It's payday and it's already all gone.
Cavani and Di Maria are looking like Skeleton is their forefather
Little girl just destroyed a full bottle of Cookie Crisp in sacrament meeting.
So I took a nap while I was doing my hw
Who wants to go to the gymmmm
\"Sometimes it actually ruins the relationship..\" realist statement ever heard.
I love USA !
I wish that I could drive away to somewhere that's not Auburn.
This UO by Times Square is the largest UO in the whole world god damn
Claudia should learn to pick up the first time I call
Shout out to all the Ganja Farming ladies out here in Nor Cal you are all hard workers and sexy to look at when in the fields
Usa is playing on point
Lol how my name under something else.
Successfully took zero pictures at the Kara Walker exhibit.
I wanna go to the beach at night c:
I wanted to congratulate the girls but they know I love them .
Happy bday Wayne you gay fuck lol
WHYYY do solo drummers exist?? I don't wanna hear you fucking banging on shit
Why isnt any of my friends up, i mean seriously, its only 2:16AM
You don't wanna be in the car with 2 chain smokers
Apparently I had over 10 dollars in my card yet I get declined at McDonald's?? Whateva mcdicks
nah, I'm not grumpy. *flips off anyone having fun today*
Bruh college starts this sunday im gonna cry
I'm sorry work out you last as long as my iPod battery and it's about to die
Eli: Mrs. Namba this is some darn good road kill! \nMrs Namba: Eli this is Safeway chicken...
If she doesn't know it's called a pound sign she's too young for you bro
People from the NOLA have the best accents
Boat to the beach we out
why am I going out with no makeup on ..
he's not gonna call me so what's the point.
we r so annoying ghost town hates us
Its almost game time. Lets go
It's impossible to meet up with friends in Vegas. Lol
Watching natures fireworks for the fourth at kismet
Ughhhh I just want to sleep
Where you at Ray?
Lost my debit card ask the bank to block it and give me a new one they told me they can block it till I get my lost card back but I can't
Supposed to be babysitting for an hour...it's been 3
Ugh! I'm a horrible person. I be ignoring ppl's texts like a MF! I mean, I don't even open that shit! Just erase it!
I'd let eat me tbh
Super Howard Super Howard, hey hey!
Hope y'all don't think the US beating Ghana...
I wish i had netflix
&amp; A we own this night I'll put your body to the test with mine. This love was out of control, where did it go?
Jhene Aiko \/\/ the worst.
Sorry if my avi been scarring yall ill change it now.
don't take this personal, but you ain't shit and you weren't special 'till I made you so.
I want to see Deliver Us From Evil!
I need better storage for my jewelry
So much of me is burnt right now
The goalie for usa look like joe budden thou
Time Square beggar: I almost fell for it. Then I peeped your sign. Your sharpie's kerning and linespacing was good.\n\nToo good...\n\n
A bad to the Ex's house
let's set off fireworks in the middle of the day when it's raining BECAUSE THAT MAKES FUCKING SENCE.
I need the product of your fears in the form of tears\nIt's the only way I can survive
How on earth has one of our cases turned up more than 72 hours after we landed and not the other??
In this baby prison doors are locked with some sort of clasp mechanism, furbies stand guard and applesauce is only served quarter til 6
I wonder when it's all gonna be over ?
The Greeks are heading to penalty kicks! Let's Goooooo
Till the day I die, I spill my heart for you.\n\n
If I know what you sound like, I read tweets in your voice. If I don't, I make a voice up for you
Just saw a news story that traffickers are stealing kidneys in Nepal. \n\nPfffftt!!!! steal kidneys?\nI would go directly for the prime rib!
you are not saving that
Joc , favorite this
I can show my dad a slightly blurry picture of an old car &amp; he knows what it is no problem but the internet\/computer is a whole other story.
one day you're here the next you're gone
i have so many variations of group messages with the same 8 people
Still freaking out because is back
Need to talk w\/ my roommate tmr. She's very excited to tell me about the orientation and the school
KSJC 272353Z 32016KT 10SM FEW038 24\/14 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP136 T02440144 10256 20200 58014
I mean I care but I don't but I hate you but I don't, but I do
Bridal trial before we hit the Maidstone
the spurs overall is like 102 right now smfh
Eww if people saw the snapchats Gavin and I send to each other we'd have no friends
Just hit me that im really graduating Sunday
You would make my night if you follow me please Carter?
Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa
i need motive im too lazy to do anything gdi
Roll up... With a ribbon in the sky and a button on ya lips don't blow my high.
I really like the 4th for whatever reason like it's my shit mann
I just love when my ankle gives out...
Clint Motherfucking Dempsey!
Your God and my God can have a circle jerk for all i care. I'll be having a 3 way in hell with the devil.
Like I wanna be famous n rich n good looking duh BT holy shit they can't live 2 mins without the entire world up in their business
Moving out yet again; how in the world have I been living in 4 different places already this year
Everyone hates and should never go through an unbalanced effort in a relationship.
just got home and caroline just came crawling out of my tiki bar???
If you're not listening to Bruce Springsteen in this moment, you're not an American!!!
knowin' someone you love\ndon't feel the same way about ya\nmemories, they soon delete.
\"Queue Dodging\" when a doesn't mesh with , an can incentivize that benefits .
These people just get shipwrecked on an island and all of a sudden everyone's an engineer
If ain't bout money or David I don't give fcuk
If we're talking and you ignore me for a day or two, I will fuck you over!
Can't stop eating D:
So far July, August and September I do not have any concerts scheduled to see in the Buffalo area
wait , who TF Shantise think she is .. Lol
And I mean literal thirst just to clarify
Well today pretty much blew my mind. So much awesomeness in one day! Good job San Fran!
I know I only lived in London for 6 months but I am calling bullshit on the fake accents in Ladies of London. To quote: \"Dreadful.\"
Chappelle was hilarious, never ceases to make everyone laugh their ass off
Smile Pop! C'mon, just one! You can do it!
Wonder about how to get awesome fashion for less...try wholesale!
I like to come to TimeSquare just to sit and think
So hard to live with people...........
But it's my homee, it's all I have known
VAI VAI IDIOTOS
GINOOOOOOOOOBLI STEPPED INTO THE TIME MACHINE!!!!
I see ya, - drinks for you fellas when you come down to the States!
I'm watching the Central Park Five documentary &amp; all I'm thinking is \"this is illegal.\"
Niggahs be hella single and never have 3somes but wait to get n a relationship and ask they gf smh no niggah
Why am I waiting for this bus wen I could just as easily be killing myself, am I right ?
I love creativity but I am not cultured (or maybe pretentious) enough to begin to understand what I'm seeing and why it's considered ok
Thank You Maria It's nice to have a police officer as a friend
Hmm what can I say about the subway that hasn't been said? Kinda like
Did anyone just see the drone fly across the World Cup game?
I'm a hot ass effin mess right now
can't wait to see what the flyers do
The commons is a shit showw
Running the Hudson as the sun goes down.
GOOOOOALL GOOOAL GOOOAL
When he's with his gf he's getting even meaner than he actually is.
When you spell a word so wrong that spell check is like:\n\"I dont know what to tell u man\"
Where the hell is D Wade at this series he is really ass LeBron doing all the work
My brother is 22 and still acts like he's 9
Little Women:LA gets me every time.
There are 2 types of men in this world.
Damn I wanna be drinkin, grillin and chillin with right now
I have work from 3-11 .. Great
Remind me to take 3 xanny bars next time I go in to get waxed
If you come back into a girls life after breaking their heart from before and expect them to be understanding and okay with this-
I'm walkin backwards shadow boxin with karate masters
why can't some customers order online like regular people...
Wide awake and of course I get called off
I'm scared to go to the dentist tomorrow
Can't be normal to be so excited when finding out the hotel has a gym
Where's Donovan when you need him?! And Jones, step it up.
Captain Planet checked in at 4239 Williams Rd using ! They are leaving around 05:00 PM
Awurade I'm going to sleep.
\"I be feeling like the man when I walk thru \"
Work tonight then I finally get a weekend off.
Dad: Michael, in one word, how would u sum up your experience at hopewell elementary? \nMichael: ...24
Manu really jus yammed
Drunk people are like children
Not looking forward to next week :-(
Omg ive been sleeping since 4 wtf !!
I WISH IT WAS THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP INSTEAD, FEEL ME?
literally the worst way to decide an elimination game ever
where am I going to get the holy water
Mom: \"what do you guys want to eat tonight\"\nMe :\"idk healthy food. I'm sick of being fat\"\nMom: \"that's why I was in the healthy chip aisle\"
q escorpio ni q escorpio no m hablas no t hablo ni a palo a mi m hablas vos o nada yo no le hablo a nadie ni x + loca que m tenga jaja
I've had a lot of money before. It was stupid and I didn't know what to do with it so I burned it. People over money forever.
Why did my company put music in our bathroom?
Some guy just pulled up as me and Sab are walking and goes hay thotties fuck her right in the pussy ok sir ok
Okay MTV I can't handle the scary movie commercials when I'm watching tv alone at night.
Pepsi is better than Coke.
never wanna see another hookah again, I've smelled like \"magic melon\" for the past 2 days
What is happening to us? It's never been this bad...
Hope that everyone has a safe and good 4th today
Double chocolate brownie ice cream chillin in the fridge but I can only look at it :\/
My sister and her boyfriend help me pick out my outfits.... ?
Friends? Hang out?
I'd rather take years off my life, than take life off my years
You make me crazy, you make me wild
Tim Kurkjian is about to compete in the sausage race on espn2 in Milwaukee. DONT MISS IT!!!
Never look for a Mate to complete you. That person adds or enhances your life. You need to be complete before you connect with anybody.
Yall Needa wake The fuck Up!!
Daring motha kidz to attack our embassy now
Babyyyyyyy it's youu
IM NOT KIDDING IM ACTUALLY FEELING DEPRESSED BECAUSE I WONT GET THE ABLUM TOMORROW
I have dentist tomorrow and I'm beyond dreading it cause I absolutely hate them so much
If ya liked it then u shoulda put some cheese on it
707: tbn our convo got me watchin xnxx lmao
Bruhhhhh the 59th street bridge is no joke
4th of July, the one night where Americans feel like they live in Iraq
This morning Sam threw a temper tantrum because I accidentally wore his socks yesterday.
Deadass if I never texted you an invite or if you're not a cowboy or Indian please don't show up to my house or things could get really awk
This is not good... Altidore had to be the one... Really?
You had to take her and break her down, stupid boy.
Talking to my mom while being brutally hungover might be my least favorite thing to do.
Caramelized onion tart and shoo fly pie to kick off a lovely long weekend.
Heat win. \"Lebron needed Wade and Bosh.\" Heat lose. \"Lebron couldn't do it without Wade and Bosh.\"
So many dilfs coming home from work rn, I'm gonna start hitting up the train station at 6:45 pm more often
No drama no fighting just me my friends family &amp; alcohol.
I probably eat out of Boredom it's sad
I just put out a trash can that was on fire at 3rd and Market.
Being an analyst on MLB Tonight has got to be the best job
Make 300 bucks a day? Sheit I'll take it
i need to try bubba's one day
Dick Wolf is an evil genius
Verizon still isn't working so that's cool
\"Inclusion inspires innovation.\" -- of Apple.
No se preocupen estoy bien *o*
Cant wait till i get my own fuckin place. Fuck this house
We just retaliate with hate then multiply
Another great day of Blakout history is upon us...
Is melo gonna join lebron next year?? Looks like d wade is donezo
\": My momma said I should accept your apology but fuck that, that's just reverse psychology\" when i was gone *yg voice*
This ring has to be for Spurs...
Chill we're coming up on our anniversary date. 6\/30\/11
Literally almost lost in pong with a naked mile &amp; brought it back with a win
People forget that I'm a total smart ass. It's called .
Just learned far to much about hyena sex. LOL! May cause nightmare. But on the upswing, male hyenas have to beg for sex. You damn right!
That was a beauty
Can't you see I'm trying to help?
Do what you want, ain't nobody stoppin you now
Leaving my hair down on a speed boat resulted in immediate dreads
\": you know that I'm the worst.\"
is ready for this W tonight
Got brews and bottles for days no ratchet loud bitches meng niggas gotta be chill
You are a big baby but I love you so much
If a girl goes back to you constantly even after you've fucked up you should open your eyes &amp; realize that's YOUR girl
Idk what I would do if twitter didn't notify me about people favoriting other peoples tweets
Well ... That was fast! 1-0
Had such a productive day on this much much much needed day off
Workk went by soooo fassst todaaay (:
MLB has destroyed NY BaseBall, I hope they're happy with their level playing field. We play teams every pitcher 95+, every bat 6.3 n 220lbs!
Holy Game of Thrones.
A nigha really bouta sleep like a baby
It's been a very rough week. No matter what, I will be labeled the bad guy. Disruptions to what has become the only thing you know are hard.
Meem why you take that beautiful ass nap for?
Someone wake me up for theen l final thanks
She Gassin Ashley Just A Bit Too Much..
Serenatas De Amor
This fatigue is going to be the death of me at work
all the pop punk kids of today have assembled for the Story So Far. dont be alarmed if the sky turns to pizza from such overload.
i finally tried my new junko wig on too. IT'S GREAT it just needs a lot of work. and toupee clips. so many.
Going to war over a Seth Rogen movie sounds like a Seth Rogen movie.
Odrisamer Despaigne lanzador abridor de los haciendo su debut en en
Baby I'm a sociopath, sweet serial killer On the warpath, 'cause I love you just a little too much
But hey everyone has their own thing ya know
Eric soggard is boo boo, I can't believe you like that fool
August Alsina needs media training. He's horrible in interviews.
I don't believe in Beatles, I just believe in me
so excited for work at 9 am tmm!! love it!! hardcore summer!!
The amount of \"Happy birthday Mom!\" voicemails\/texts\/facebook posts I revived today is weird. But I like it.
Howard is fucking world class
Devil in a New Dress x Yeezus
Why is so fckin hot omg
The littlest things make me happy.
This isn't even a conversation she's legit just reading out tweets about relationships
There would be a pong tournament the day I leave for PA...
What if you found out your mom wasn't your mom, she was your kidnapper?
Follow me on instagram I'll follow back
WOAH I SHIP IT I SHIP MALIA AND KIRA OMG
My XPS 8300 Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bits from 1\/12\/12 DOESN'T STAY IN MODE SLEEP, Dell has no solution for problem! Does anybody have?
i wish you could lose weight as easily as you gain it
Damn that goal tho
I wonder why I can't sleep...oh wait prob bc I went to bed after 4am for the past 3 days.......
Fans! Can't live with them, can't live without them!!
Shout out to my pop for having 4 handles in for cabinet
Maybe I should think about switching my World Cup allegiance to my country of residence.Not really. 1 goal doesn't make a World Cup,America.
Why would you want a big dog? That's like raising a grown man
Had a blast seeing this weekend
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit
Whatevez I'm going to cancun without them
There is nothing quite like a haircut
Kinda not sure how to feel.
The Conjuring is on tv.... I watched it in December and I still think about it at night..... Should I
I'm gonna miss Germany - USA today 'cus i've to head up to LA :\/
Jacob should DM me. Who else agrees?
\": You know I really like you when I send you random butt pics.\"
If all this J Kidd stuff is true I'm gonna be so disappointed
i hope all my friends got their screaming voices with them at graduation today cause yalll better scream for me
THIS!!!!! RT : only one thing matters today
This team deserves last place. They aren't being outplayed. They aren't doing a damn thing right.
Great minds discuss ideas. \nAverage minds discuss events. \nSmall minds discuss people.
Keep on doing this shit it's not like it doesn't hurt at all
genuinely wish i never met you
now you see me is such an underrated movie holy shit
Beasley is actually eating though
why is happiness such a foreign concept to so many individuals?
How are people talking smack about messi's goal. World class goal by a world class finisher..
These french fries are popping right nowwww
Working at all day
My aunt not even letting me roll with her
I'm in a low back tank top and dying of heat. There's a girl in a long sleeve shirt and tights .. Calm as can be.
Crying rn bc I hate school so much
I believe that we will win!!!!
When there are no sports on, I don't know what to do with myself.
She just said later and that's it lol
What would happen if someone took your cable for a month? RT : Little Women of LA is crazy it's like BBW with little people
I like you but I won't chase you
Alright. I get way too invested in the characters on True Life.
How am I even supposed to try to be skinny when things like Nutella and French fries and happiness exist
If the Nets are smart they'll go after to be their head coach! I love him on ESPN but he's a good coach!
The girl that I wanna save is like a danger to my health
(It survived, and was the only touchscreen phone to do so!!! Thanks for making one durable phone!)
This weather is Killing my mood man
. Writer &amp; Insider talk to &amp; next
Damn Magna Carta already a year old
I cant wait to see and what she has on....
I don't understand really fat toddlers.
Wow, Crazy Eyes starting to preach logic. Loving as the second season goes on. Still amazing! Go all over again.
Who's trying let me swim in their pool...it's that simple
These Bosnians have unpronounceable names
Damn didn't even get the opportunity to take a leap of faith
Hopefully jozy is just pulling a paul pierce and faking an injury for dramatic effect
WOO! Thank you Jones!
Lord have mercy on my rough and wild ways
I want to get back into Zumba it was so fun and I'm still trying to lose like 1537738282 pounds
I wanna tour with Sylar at least once
Happy birthday to the bro
Teen wolf was amazing! It's backkkkk!!!!
Tucker hates me but I find him to be so hilarious
\"Poor mexico man... they held on for as long as they could... The # for cup should be... \"
whoa i just woke up and ate this little pecan tart and now im all amped like i railed fishscale??
K I'm ready for this summer to be over so I can go back to Tampa and be alone
Am I right or am I right ladies?
Talk Talk and seem wicked similar to me.
someone be my hero and go get me some yogurt.
My roommate said he has resting bitch mind lmao
Day 1947381919372 of no and it's been too long
\"Look how fiercely she grasps the cock.\" Oh god LOL all the guys just starting cracking up.
so you can run around without the pants
Happy 4th July and happy 21st x
Eatin Up All Her Food
And just like that I'm drawn back in
shit no no no altidore NO
Whyyyyy must I be at work today
$ sleepykissziam $ fave !!! fave !!! fave !!!
I've heard teva's are making a comeback. If this is true, it will complete my system of dress (tank top, chubbies, snapback). cc
Sunday night is only
I'm the horniest bitch on this planet. I promise you. I mines well be a fact on a Snapple cap
Did I really just ask that???
U-S-A! What a strike!
Sometimes I forget shit, and I fuck up but hey I'm only human
Not a huge fan of the world cup but since USA and Italy are out guess I'll root for Columbia for my columbian friends
No doubt that if I pass today it will be a 65
I only respect Kawhi Leonard rt
I got to pee but I think someone in the bathroom lol
wins. Nice work camera man.
You hang out with your real friends during summer
Shout out for lookin like an R&amp;B singer
It's really starting to hit me that Olive Garden is gone and I'm really craving it
Way too forgiving
Former executive editor Jill Abramson quips at , 'Being the pushy broad that I am,' in discussion about getting docs
Dub Aura, Schmurda, Dark ATM, Chase N Cashe
Id rather get run down by a semi than take this Chem exam.
WAKE UP! &amp; I are back waking you up on on
it's been a day since i have seen sier and i hate it so much ok. I MEAN NOT TO MENTION IT'S BEEN A MONTH SINCE I'VE SEEN KRISTEN.
Bethpage Blue, waiting on 6 tee, almost 2 hrs into the round. Bagging this shit after 9
FORGIVE BUT NEVER FORGET!
Everyone loves to lagg on me or wtf
You can't be a shark if you toothless.
remember when I thought you were cool lol
you the realist , yeah I admit it
All that hard work for nothing
Mann these mfs know I sleep in my sister stay comin in here talkin bout get up
\": BALDWIN PARK: Sk8trz ignoring the mad h8ters in a laundromat p-lot, 12700blk of Ramona. PD en route for justice.\" Smh mason
Now I'm hella sad lmao i hate me
Human punching bag
Just because I'm used to it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt anymore.
Did I mention the trampoline -&amp; pool ?
It's never too late to be what you might've been back then
eee sejak bila aku follow budak ni --
Never a bad day to be an American
Hahahahahahaha Jesus flyers fans are fucking nuts
HUGE goal to tie it up!
is seriously my new favorite word.
Alex loverde answer my text messages please
Im blessed to have a car but idk
MC Lyte looks like she's getting younger!
\": wishes you, your friends, and your families a Happy 4th of July!\"
\"Don't flake, don't be late, don't forget\"
Right across the goal mouth and no is there
Fuck everbody who ain't answer my FaceTime
Explain RT\": I am not building a sextape EMPIRE!! \"
He said citi field is a million times nicer than the Oakland collisium.
When jordz gets her license I hope she lets me pay her to drive me around
btw I went to the Met eyyy
Chappelles opener walked on to turn down for what. Best week ever
\"dad teen wolf is on can I watch tv\" \n\"No I'm watching the Brazil game again\" aight that's cool too not like you've already seen it
Ah yes, 118 emails. From today. After filters.
Oh god I hate watching old Jim and Pam talking before they start to date and marry. Horribly awkward...
Get ratchet. Go dumb. Then go more dumb.
Twitter blow up now!
Mvp Goes To Leonard
Almost home from Vegas, still debating if I should throw something last minute for my 21st. When it hits 12am I'll be legally legal lol.
We stay with shandy jn my house during the summer though
What is it with me and breaking hookahs
Need something different in my life, need to get away from jersey for a while
do I just only like music you can dance to now, is that what this is?
Free Boingo access thanks to my Platinum Card!
Bloody weak sauce for that &amp;&amp; i had to let em know.
happy father's day to the legend himself big al!!
All yall care about is lebron ...
Estoy en medio de en quien soy y del que tu quisieras ...
Going through some MAJOR Pio withdrawal!
your bestfriend shouldn't feel in competition with your boyfriend
I just woke up on a boat
Swear I'm at this restaurant with my family like at least twice a week
I'd really rather not start the day with tequila but we are out of vodka :( the perils of beach life on Monday morning
That awkward moment when you're in a meeting and the person starts with \"first things first\" and you say out loud \"I'm the realest\"
This girl has been Miranda snice she was fifteen
Planet of the Apes is such an ironic name, I mean we're kind of apes....
Oh, and Fuze is the best drink
America getting physically bullied rn
We kick their ass in 1914, 1944 and today in the year 2014 go USA
Richie just ruined my life on his my story
Just grilled mad cobs of corn, topped it with a dollop of mayo, &amp; sprinkled Parmesan cheese &amp; seasoned salt.... I just died &amp; went to heaven
Now that she's back in the atmosphere with drops of Jupiter in her hair, hey, hey
I can feel the distance, but I guess shit happens.
Sometimes I tweet stuff just to get retweeted but then I don't so it just looks awkward
That was the weirdest rite aid experience in my life
Go pro or sony action cam?
How much high tech is in call? .ly\/1m6r4HD
I am convinced that most adults are walking around with fake teeth.
Interesting change of plans for the night... Jersey Shore, prepare for the Shark's arrival.
I was wrong on the 3 peat... Oh boy
I'm too nice to people and I'm not even that nice to people.
Tired of calling mark bro, that nigga fake related to everybody
A relationship isn't sex. They're different words for a reason.
Olm bu BJK'da oynayan Jones olamaz:)
Its not over till the fat lady sings
I actually like what Google has done with Material Design and the new Google Design Guidelines. Feels like the HIG in a good way.
Just got fed up with the shit bet I won't hear shit else from now on
You and me both RT : I still can't believe I'm watching this
This is the slowest day of my life.
Feels good to be back in NYC. Now that I'm out of earshot of SF folks, let me say SF pizza is overrated.
If someone were to message me right now, you'd be the best.
En la calle el mas suelto!
Going to the movies &amp; I'm still not glad
Kind of weird reading Norse inspired books in the middle of the hottest week in a long time is strange.
I wish I actually took the weight room seriously when I played football
\": GUYS IM BORED HELP. WHAT SHOULD I DO!?\"
.I already bought my ticket to NYCC so I definitely hope to go again this year! :)
The curve on that shot. Holy shit
this is some sad shit rn no me gusta
Coldplay's Magic has been playing nonstop for the past 2 weeks. :$
summer really does show a lot about people
NHL finals takes the trophy for better series..
Never give up on your dreams. If the first attempt doesn't work adjust it and try another angle.
you find who your true homies are senior year
I miss my crazy ass friends so much :\/
Morning after\nwith mystery girl\nlayin by my side\nI'm wondering \nhow I got here\n&amp;how do I slip\nout without \nawakening sleeping stranger\n
Kendrick you're great for those statements
FUCK I DONT WANNA GO HOME
My aunt told me that when she had stage IV cancer, she had a 17% of survival. It shows that you can never lose hope of whatever gets to you.
El oh el... all these wanna be soccer fans.
If I were from i would be devastated right now!
When they pushed immigrants out of one southern state, the farms were abandoned and food supply decreased
Literally my only move on FIFA. But, it usually never works.
bury me with the new ed sheeran album
No Mediocre \/\/ TI &amp; Iggy
Father father father help us. Send some guidance from above Cuz people got me questioning where is the love!
My girlfriend is so beautiful!!!! I can't take it
My baby bro is having a baby this week... SURREAL!
Tired and irritated. Time for me to sleep
I have too much shit going on the first week of July.
I want to be laid up right now smoking watching movies
This is all just a game to me
CHIPOTLE IS SCOOBY SNACKS FOR THOTS
Ladies learn to dance. It'll do magnificent things for you. Trusttt
Reyes trying to force a balk on third was the most amazing thing ever
Hey, , haven't we been predicting Asik to NOP since ? Good call.
Everything I say makes me think of a song lol
I have a feeling I won't be sleeping tonight.. It's one of nights where I maybe up all night thinking
jelsea green is and always will be my otp
Today I learned how to spell 's last name. Still not as hard as learning to spell 's
I'm not sure if this says anything significant about me but I still listen to Led Zeppelin and get thrilled by it.\nlotta love
beating in the World Cup, keep the tradition going
I can never fall asleep at a decent hour anymore but oh welllllll
Only 30 days to the BIG 2 0 !! Living....so much living.........
Ima go in depression for the weekend
half of these guys are on the ground more than they are playing.
IN THE FIRST 30 SECONDS?! USA USA
Left hand switching speeds sittin in the cockpit
Who the fuck are you to judge a girls flaws .
I'm up in the woods \nI'm down on my mind
Sometime next week Im about to hit up the Flushing line to catch those R62's making their final run before they're moved to the Lex Av line
damn, Robben \n\nYeah Ochoa!!
I missed a 1 on 1 lmao !!!
Earlier today Bosh and James said they will win tonight ...
I luhh her doe
It's a double standard and I don't fuck with it whatsoever
Anyone with a basic understanding of 2nd wave feminism can understand an their fascination with purity of womanhood
Working on the 'share of screen' - is there any algorythm?
Why are they capturing them
Being drunk on Father's Day &gt;&gt;
Both teams are going to be determined tonight, IMO. Heat are desperate, Spurs can taste vengeance\/glory.
So if anyone wants to give me their netflix info, that would be superb.
Damn someone slide in my Dm's man
So wasn't happy with Duncan winning &amp; wants revenge next season.
Don't invite me to play FarmVille on fb or I'll block u
Looks like I'm going to karaoke
I wonder what it's like to not know what you want in life.
People who say \"There should be a show about me\/us!\" Are always the people who should NEVER have a show about them.
If it wasn't for twitter I wouldn't of even realized that it's raining lol.
In other and less surprising news, I'm drinking homemade wine out of a broken \"Troy &amp; Abed in the morning\" cup.
I just gotta say your a blessing ,
I don't need you to text me if I'm okay, that doesn't help. I need someone who's willing to sit &amp; just let me ramble about my small issues.
I wish thot wasn't a word
When friends come over and make a mess of ur house.... -_-
No one knows my struggle, they only see the troubles
Finding love on hot or not is harder than you think
Everyone looks the same and all music sounds the same now, this is fucked up. Be original.
Pharrell with his famous Hat!!
THE PORTUGUESE WERE STANDING IN THE BOX LIKE...\n\nwat. how do i futballz?
I'm really tired of these people in highland don't ruin someone's senior year because your jealous of them .
Was that 25 year old ginobli!?
Is it just me or is there always that one person who doesn't show their face on snapchat...
Truth is we kids never really grow up, we just masquerade ourselves as adults because that's what society expects us to be.
Wish I could have stayed with but duty calls in the am !!
I really want sushi right now.
If you never speak Spanish, don't act Hispanic plz
lmao wtf I'm weird I need 2 stop
\"And deep down I know this never works, But you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt.\"
Shit missy says after we find out she failed her regents: well then the girl next to me failed too, she was copying off me.. sukka
need to be home right about noww
FIRST MINUTE GOAL!! DEMPSEY!!!!
Muscles that I didn't even know existed are extremely sore. I'm weak. Literally.
Nadie lo esperaba. Hablen clarooooo
Espero que no me deje esperando el Jueves
What us happening right now... You guys are weird when its late here.
Is that Mutombo in net?
Why am I barley finding this out
Someone teach me how to best bash my throat in. And my fingers into dust.
ESTAN TIRANDO FUEGOS ARTIFICIALES JAJAJA
Usa's unis are so niceee
USA!!!!! In the first 30sec?! Mmmmurica!
James you gay \n\"Not my Problem\" lml
I don't talk about it, boy I just do ittt
I can't wait for the day when you realize you fucked up
My piece of shit phone keeps on fucking up today!
Who wants to hangout with me and
please cam i love you so much and it would mean the world to me if i ever got to talk to you on the phone
It's my brothers first day of summer vacation and he wakes up at 6:45.
Sometimes I think it's my fault that people don't stay in my life and thinking about it makes that so much clearer
Today would be so much better if I got paid time and a half
Not even gonna say nothing
She just lays on me and cuddles me and it's perfect this is why I love cats
someone take me to flight trampoline park before the summer ends
But then I've realized I have nothing left there.
Some people in your life prove to be a waste of time....
I hate when old cute people cry, it breaks my heart
Wow I need a nap.
Cinematic is fine but why does everyone think a non-steady camera shot equals cinematic?
La PNC pudiera hacer su trabajo pero son las leyes que al final dejan libre a los delincuentes.
Ronaldo needs to ask his hairdresser for a transfer. Looks like he got buzzed a bit.
:D toy futraaaaa con esaa Music oh bebe
I would love to smoke weed with Zac Efron &amp; Dave Franco. Then proceed on sucking their dicks lmaooooo.
I can't wait to sleep tonight
I think one of the most dangerous things to be is super drunk &amp; super fast at typing. It's like being able to drunk-dial 110 words per min.
if my mom doesn't let me go to brave fest sd ill cry
God I hate this fucking bitch
If grateful paid the bills, we'd all be Bill Gates
Haven't seen her in a while ! Bout that time
Freaking Texas got me calling New Yorkers \"sir\" and \"ma'am\"
What's for dinner !???
Goal is 20lbs in 8weeks. Its not the clean eating or twice the eating..but the consistancy and schedule of eating..every 3hrs
Shotgunning beer by myself cause I'm an alcoholic
\": This boy only texts me at night when his girlfriend is asleep but that's none of my business lol\" geezos
OMFG BEAUTIFULLLLLL!!!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!!
the most positive thing about my day is that my mom gave me a left over breadstick from olive garden
When I camp I prefer to like actually camp and sleep in tents. But that's just me.
Tranformers in 3D with
It's so great, on most playlists there is a dog by Arctic Monkeys
So, get done dirty, but MILK the situation!!
USA made out of a group with Germany Portugal and Ghana so don't say they can't beat Belguim.
Right when I turn the tv in USA scores
My Wife Made Burgers While I Just Sat Back And Rested My Hand On Her Butt.
Why is Danny Glover sitting next to Joe Biden?
Can this bug in my room leave
You fuck up my car in the middle of the night and hide like a coward. Classy
\": 1835 was the last year that America was debt free.\" That's crazy
Kinda feel weird about going to prom tomorrow.
All Marie Harf can say is \"We've been clear,\" which is patently false
I missed a step and fell down the steps in my front yard
I hate subtweeting! Talk things out w\/ friends or unfollow not-friendsRT : I hate seeing a subtweet and not knowing who it's about
To the guy on the electric enduro bike that just drove by, have fun riding whatever trails are 1 mile long and have power outlets every 50ft
So aint ready for this exam
WOW! Great start
My baby blanket smells like home and I miss Hawaii now ok I'm crying again I just wanna be home
Good to know I can get more than 20 likes without showing maaah boobies
- even tho your exhausted your still gone make it
you say you \"love\" her but you never show it
one less problem without ya!
I got tooooo many injuries for a 20 yr old lol
K I'm gunna go back to work now and probably kill myself
And you took the time to get MY number so you got something to say call me!
Let another praise you, and not your own mouth; a stranger, and not your own lips.\nProverbs 27:2
Yo wtf your phone off you said call bro i left a message lookin to turn up bro
Just got so burnt on shernntt island beach
This overseas shit don't work out I gotta move
Getting off of Facebook.
Dear USA, \n Please put the ball in the back of the net.
But there's really nothing to do
New York City.. Here we go
my mom and nicole are blasting turn down for what in the car. dancing and singing at the top of their lungs. i am scared...
\": I like being single tbh.\" Rft
I feel like girls have mastered the art of selfies and guys are lagging behind severely
If I were President of the United States, the first thing I would do is destroy the option to 'favorite' a tweet vs 'retweet' it.
I'm so not ready to go back to school. Just remembering how much money I spent on bullshit books we never used makes me cringe.
First legit day off in awhile. Happy *Independence* Day, indeed.
Anyone know a good face firming cream??
but who still prank calls at this age? are u 3?
OMG my stomach is turning I should've never ate these takis and BBQ fritos back to back
I so need to be in Orlando right now.
There's one more thing I wanna text you but I don't want it to end and I know that text will..
Glad you could make it to the match, !
Spurs are about to take it TODAY
Don't become depressed bc of a boy or a girl. If they don't see how awesome you are then they obviously aren't the one for you.
Alicia and I always bring sweatshirts to the campground even when we know it's gonna be sunny and 90 but of course this weekend we forget???
Happy Birthday America! God Bless My Country &amp; it's People!
sorry for the fifth graders going into sixth grade
I gotta wake up with the chickens tomorrow
Ion fuck wit u I just luh to fuck wit u
Que onda con toda la gente que esta en contra de hoy ps??? No importa yo se que hoy brasil ganara... jeje
I don't care if I don't play soccer anymore. I want to be Clint Dempsey when I'm older.
Sweet, another person keep their eye out for an apt for me, hopefully one will show up when I have enough dollar to move :)
the house falling through makes me like at least 50% less excited to go back to portland
today is one month since I got drunk in Montreal and I'm really upset about it bc that was the first time I drank in literally a year.
How could they not pull a red card on that!?
I'm having the worst anxiety today and I just want it to stoppppp
Should prolly go to bed but I wanna stay up
Bitch mob tiny pants I don't give a fuck
My mind is constantly trying to process every aspect of life and it gets really overwhelming and makes me an extremely complicated person
I really don't wanna be home alone rn
Want blunts sparked at my wedding and funeral
I'm not blocking anyone that's petty. You wanna be childish &amp; block me? Go right ahead
Im going to tweet till im fucking tired and idgf if anyone cares!! Unfollow if you don't like me
More than anything I want donuts
Am I the only person who gets anxiety today?
...1) Too charming 2) come back! 3) perfect cameos
Oh look Vice President Joe Biden is there!!
Lil B concerts are live af
I though August Alsina was cuter though. The fack
will u pls shave my legs for me
About to be in Central Park who out here?
Partying with family
Bro got joggers on with shorts
Happy - be safe and enjoy!!
I can't stand someone who is overly nice
So over Rosie The Riveter looks, but too bad Loreal didn't bring it. Would love to know about butchering.food networkstar
Teenager screaming \"Catch it!\" on a tricky pop-up: You're not helping him.
.if we (Mexico) win, will you force emoji makers to finally introduce a emoji?
But I just learned soccer doh !
Work 1245 to 445 so I ain't Trippn.
I was gonna vacuum but
When you bring donuts to rehearsal. I eat donuts at rehearsal. Damn you.
Today all I did was play that
When I wake up from this nap, I will do my nails and wait around for someone to hang out and get drunk with me
Don't even bother texting me if you're not going to have a conversation. Shit irks me.
How did \"say cheese\" become a thing for smiling for pictures cause it doesn't make you smile at all shit is dumb af smh
Swim in a lightning storm to make you see\nNothing too crazy, if it makes you notice me notice meee
Tbt to when Goutham and ishan were hitting on my sister and she slapped them right on their faces
What's a little me on top gon' hurt? Maybe a little but pain is pleasure.
Happy that bitch got hit &amp; one of my favs got her dream .
Never leaving my phone at my house again
If I don't let you give me hickeys then something wrong ahha
Don't even kno what to do at this point ....
I hate starting a new job.... mainly because I don't know what I'm walking into
My favorite dog in the whole world died today...
Huge match today. 2 former world cup winners, should be good
Nossa senhor jesus a cena do guardinha sem camisa em OITNB vale por todas as cenas da Piper respirando
Choose rather to want less than have more. (Thomas a Kempis)
Why am i awake right now this is redonk
Hol Uh Hol Uh Hol Uh you drive me crazy
Here is Aron Johannsson to replace
Happy birthday to my bro ! Gonna miss ya! Have fun living in florida! Gonna make a couple road trips
Stripclubs anit all that too much fake tits
Why do we continually let them receive the ball turn and run at us.
Like my status if I've been a stranger.
Guys need to know they have to shave their pubs as well, shit is nasty.
&amp; Cuando ya has HechO Todo &amp; Nada Vale
Man, I can't believe it's been a year since you left. I know you're in a better place, I love you Jackie.
Im about to wife I swear to everything
that was a Ted reference I don't actually want a whole country sucking my dick
God bless the fucking USA
I have pretty good morals until I get wasted. Then they all go out the window
THE TWINS ARe PERformING SHIRTLESS AND LARRY HAS his TWISTS IN
I miss my sissy. It is not at all the same without her.
Portugal shooters looks like billy cundiff in the afc championship 2 years ago lol
THERES A DEAD SHEEP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD!
Whatever Ambrose said wasn't pg &amp; I love it
I'm only staying up to watch one tree hill to see if Nathan and Haley get back together and that's not happening anytime soon and cry
I do not fux with bugs
I will pay someone to take me to sears real quick
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what every one else is doing.
I just want di Maria to score so bad
I have a bunch of tweets in my Drafts and they're not a bunch of emo tweets can we please clap for Audie now.
Moral of the story: Ladies, relax. He's looking for you.
Told my little brother I was taking him to an ultimate game and he can't stop talking about how excited he is. This makes me so happy.
I told someone I was going to have to get someone else to pick up food from the library when it comes
Lying Is The Most Fun A Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off - Panic! At The Disco
This show botched is teaching me to do insane reserach on my plastic surgeons when i get procedures done :)
You can't KINDA want to try cocaine.
I love mailen OMG seeing what she just said
Nothing is funnier than the trending
I hate girls who constantly worry bout their boy talkin to a girl, like guys and girls can be FRIENDS. Stop being a insecure bitch. Not cute
I really want to be more social
\": try refreshing it\" I've been signing in and out, restarting, literally everything but it still doesn't wanna work
Get on the court Lebron!!!!
Glad asks the tough questions &amp; now knows who washes his hands when he uses the bathroom
SO FUCKING AMPED
I love you, you'll never know.
I always wondered what people really think of me
So many Argentina\/Messi fans here at BDubs
Ese si fue un \"para que te traje?!\"
Adrienne got the mother fucking booty oh my lorddddddddd
Song just punched that guy and acted like he didn't do anything
I'm going to get a job and get a cage and buy a duck
I like to get on my boyfriends twitter and tweet stuff how I feel about pooping so everyone can think it's him
The fuck you getting mad at me for going home early? If you don't want me to be your responsibility, don't have kids.
I HAVE TEARS
hitting up people at home and forgetting the time difference &amp; the fact that most people are asleep
USA !!!!! Great game
Went to doctor, came out not liking anything he said\/offered. Don't know why I saw a psychologist when I was supposed to see a psychiatrist.
The world cup? Is that an anime?
Omfg I'm gonna mute so many people once I figure out what it is
La Estimulacion de Los Sentidos... Expande la Mente y Abre el .
Thank you for snap chatting me whenever you drive by a playground
Happy birthday ! Love you bud
If a nocturnal animal has snuck out after its curfew let us know. Safety crew will catch it.
But I'm scared
I'VE GOT THAT SUMMER TIME SUMMER TIME SADNESS
Throwing a day rager at my homie nicks tomorrow brew music pool and space to chill and kick it you wanna come through hit me up 661-674-6623
Lydia really be blowing mine sometimes
Apparently the plus 40 is silent in \"ill be there in 10 min\"
crib bigger than the White House
I see a red door and I wanted painted black
I just bit my lip really hard and now it's bleeding HELP
Never enough time in a day for everyone.
Should probably get started on slaneys review
If anyone wants me to place any prop bets in Vegas for them I leave Thursday let me know.
Need another 2 goals to calm me down.
why do ppl tweet their relationship probs cus no one cares
Kanye west and I both have resting bitch face.
How you go out with a creature
Spiritual Gurus shouldn't be hocking a new book every week. They should be on the top of a mountain somewhere
I told her I can keep it on all night cause I pay the damn electricity bill
I'm still in shock that I saw tydesha yesterday lol
I'm devastated! I canceled beach volleyball cause it was supposed to rain..but where is the rain!!!!
DEAD WHITE AND BLUE .....YEA AMC
Nice of Dempsey to duck there!!!!!! 1-1
My stomach was like hello Kim time to eat wake tf uppp
The determination to stay upstairs when there are whoopie pies downstairs is wearing thin...
Necklaces are really cute to me, specially the hearts, stars, and etc lol
Jon Snow will come out on top or so help me I will burn the seven kingdoms to the ground.
Wait. Take your time. Think it through.
Shoutout to Dunkin for making me a nice cup of sugar with a hint of coffee
Always get the urge to cut my hair short but i know if i do imma regret it
-' No Juzques A Unaa ' [P e r s o n a a]; Por Las || Que Hiizo En Su Pasado ;$
learn yourself and learn want you need and find that shit
So mad I'm not at governors island
Just ran in 2k. It's what I do its nothing new
I should keep count of all the weird America outfits I see at lowes today
\": girls can't find her wallets, shoes, or car keys but can sure as hell remember something you said 8 months ago.\" Me
Love shipping with Tom bc he can grab things I can't reach
But trying is not my thing homie
I'll never admit anything to anyone ever again
Hate when little kids sleep walk
Why won't my dog shut up
She look like a sexy bowl of peach ice cream in that dress
Happy independence day! Go read your rights!
Omg I miss my phone sooo much
During Game 3 of NLCS when Dykstra homered I was sitting close to where Cashen was sitting up in press area. He smiled broadly after that 1
Our publication will be focused on u our readers FF our affiliates
Fucking old people man. Go home.
Your natural hair, your soft skin, that big ass and that sundress. Wooo.
No one is talk to me today tbh
But in reality she knows nothing about anything.
It just pisses me off because they have something to smile about and i don't
I want to watch sunsets in different countries on top of a cliff
I cant fuck with you if you only hmu when you need something
Good morning.\n6:03 am here.\nStill managed to wake up early even tho I slept around 1am last night.
We came out victorious in game 2 at the World Cup: RCC
Just so happen to have an extra shake shack coupon. Just gave it to the guy standing outside the line.
Mullin just started a virgin chat at Ronaldo...
Something must seriously be going on in fuuuutball because this entire neighborhood is clapping.
Jermaine fucking jones with a stunner
Going through my music library seeing what tracks go together well by BPMs. All the songs I DL from iTunes don't work with software
Why couldn't I have been gifted with an nice voice I just want to start my own band and rock out
My head still hurt son
Niggas said they can't be seen, ain't nobody lookin tho
some love makin, &amp; home cookin
I lost my job\/I crashed my car into a bridge\/I don't care\/I love it.
Lmao at that suave commercial that's supposed to look natural and yet the acting is terrible lmao
\": RT if gas prices are higher than your average minutes played. \"
could use hpa tn
Awkward moment when your mom keep asking how your gf doing and you gotta tell her you don't have one
San AnPacer Lakers fans are wylin on twitter Bruh,
I was toting my pack along a dusty Winnemucca road!
\": Been losing people but i aint losing sleep\"
Your neon green rims are actually rad and not douchie at all man.
New aligners hurt. 1 down, 9 to go!
i wake up and my phones on 1% thats when u know
Damn that was quick lmaoo
Di ke ise set up wifi in my little security guard house lol
to my if you are in just know that you are here with us in spirit. Keep banging
Dead can't ever tell my moms shit she over reacts and shows off son.
I feel so bad for goalies in shoot-outs, talk about pressure
haven't seen my boyfriend in so long..
This nigga never leaves the crib except to do yoga in the park like a faggot
If I send you a friend request it usually just means I saw you at a party. It doesn't mean I wanna talk to you.
Oh wait Anwar might be grounded
The Mexican food over here wasn't bad at all
I have to be up at like 5... LOL
That's a leg to the dome
That's why I be like fuck y'all bitches , that's why I never cuffed y'all bitches
There's nothing like giving thanks to God
Jermaine jones! Brilliant.
if i can get maia to go to club ain't nothin ever gonna stop me in life ever again
Giving surf lessons friday for international surf day, whose interested?
OMFG I SWEAR IF ONE PERSON COMES UP TO ME TOMORROW IN SCHOOL I WILL PUSH U AGAINST THE LOCKER! U KNOW ME
absolutely dusted off of denatured alcohol
Roz just might be fake for that
Spotify's party playlist is the best station I've come across.
2 reasons Y should follow me !\nI am awesome and he's awesome ! So much awesomeness going around :)
$ footlooselilo $ ur user @ is rlly adorbs
\": See... There we go! Maybe I should say more bad shit about him, so he plays better!\" That sounds like IWC logic lol
Your so perfect your only flaw is not being by my side
Greece does not deserve the quarterfinals at all. Costa rica were man down and hustled their asses off. Greece will always be a lucky team
You should know that Kevin Quackenbush is in the bullpen for the padres
Lebron get ya ass back on the court bruh
I could've paid $1,000 a year to go to Ohio State smh
teslas are such a turn on
I have like one actual friend I think cool
I'm constantly telling ppl to \"suck my dick\" even though I don't have one... Obviously. But wtf
Mii mii mii it's all about mii
THIS BEACH IS COLD AF WTF I WAS SWEATING TODAY
Answer this if you dare. What excuse will you bring unto Jesus if He says to you, \"I never knew you.\"?
You were privileged to my loyalty. And it was not appreciated. Privilege has been officially revoked.
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
remember: cannot measure intangibles. thanks, taylor.
You better let somebody love you, before it's too late
Omg I really don't wanna get ready
Home in half an hour. Migraine. Heat stroke. I just want to be at home.
When u miss ur ex. put on that outfit they hated &amp; check ur bank account cuz that cheap mo fo never let u do s***.
Traffic at knolls blows
I don't know why I'm getting my hopes up
tim howards the best
YES Toronto didn't fuck up lets go
Whose trying to chill tonight? Text me.
\"Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it.\" - George Bernard Shaw
\": JUPITER ABSORBS THE BIGASS EXPLOSIONS THAT WOULD KILL US IF THEY REACHED EARTH. I SEE U JUPITER GOOD LOOKS FAM\"
\"Babe you should go grab beers... because you love me\"
I'm sick of this Kermit shit. Yall unhealthy super size Pepsi drinking ass mofos don't even drink tea. Y'all don't even have hot water
Going to New York City the New Jersey this weekend to visit Vins grandparents.
I reacted the same way as Beto, I couldn't believe that went in
Yasss break his fucking nose
There is nothing like taking a nice hot shower.
Yeaahh. I don't think I'm re-enlisting. Lol
Showing up at the gym and only having one shoe in your gym bag &lt;&lt;&lt;
Be loneli bout to take over now lmao
Wolf of Wall Street makes me wanna do coke and fuck white hoes and waste money this is a bad movie but I love it ahhaha
Heart's \"Barracuda\" is definitely one of my top 5 favorite songs named after a fish
as quick as I came in.
Anyone else see the rack on that Argentina fan?
These niggas don't want it hanhhhh
Messi is still ass, tho
my eyes are permanently rolling at how fucking corny you are
But you dont even know a thing or two
\"90% of the world's data was created in the past 2 yrs and 80% of it is unstructured.\"
Wow I look like a six year old all the time
\"Casey, are you out of your ballsack!?\" \nDear god someone stop her
Too young to have back pain ..fuck this part time job
I literally can even.
Why do Chinese tourists photograph every inch of the ground?
Come thru to heavys room shits bumpin
Costa Rica is advancing!! Congrats!
I need more sleep
I have a feeling Messi's going to be in his best form ever this World Cup.
tbh you should just fuck me
Fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
A bad trip is so easy to snap out of if you truly believe your mind is strong enough to snap you out of it (which it is)
What a goal!!!!!!!!! GET IN!
When Red Bulls play NYC FC I'm soooo there
I don't think being a mindless parrot is being a thespian. Does anyone?
I should really stop sleeping all day
You know what this water needs? Vodka
Benzino honestly you have to ask any girl you meet have you had sex with Sleez lmaooo
I'ma tinashe fan now , she made me know it .
This summer my life will probably be run, work, swim, watch arrested development, sleep, repeat.
\"My ex girl said I won't amount to shit, but she suck and fuck when my car roll up. I tried to fuck her sister but she talk too much\"
i'm never going to let my brother do my makeup you have 2 sisters like really
Que toda mi ropa me quede dos tallas grandes es broma verdad? MIERDA JODER!
Tromadance is pretty wild as expected
The sad moment I want to buy a wrx but they have none anywhere...
I just look like an idiot when I text you so I don't know why I do.
Want to start going for morning runs but running with the dog would suck and I hate running alone
If you're gonna draw cheap fouls then at least make your cheap free throws. I'm bored.
whatever happens today i just need klose to get that 16th please!
with the changes in the studio, the days of and I racing around the table are over
More curves that Kim Kardashian in her prime
When life opportunities hit u, take advantage of em
defensive end Corey Liuget is improving strength after his shoulder surgery to repair his torn labrum.
Happy 4th of July let's go Germany
If you say \"bye Felicia\" and don't where it came from, you might be basic and I'm praying for you.
My sister has adopted 3 puppies in the last 5 weeks.
i hate summer because the nights are too fucking hot
Having the draft in Philly was the best idea ever.
i needa go pick up my new phone ... idk why it sent to my school address though my iphone just died on me :\/
still eating Mc.Donalds and South Wah for dinner everyday.
its later now but nothings better
\": So mi will run weh anybody\" nuh bwoy nuh badda dan wi
With all the great acting Gary Oldman has done throughout his career, he had to go and open his mouth and ruin it.
My mom just left to go find cool places to take pictures of sunsets
.you are like the Twitter version of the guy at the bar who keeps hitting on girls after they turn their backs to him
What the fuck is wrong with you
I know it's not good to overthink, but I just can't help it.
Being in so many moods at the same time is just so Xanax
Tbh the fact that there is a Cheerios commercial with grumpy cat in it actually makes me want to eat Cheerios
No disrespect to anyone but these new generations of R&amp;B artists can't sing live! Good radio records but bad performers!
\"Que venga y saque de tu cuerpo y de tu alma lo mejor de ti\"
One day your gonna wake up and realize how much she treated you like shit, and by then it's gonna be too late
If you have a family member that's in prison for some cruel ass grimmey shit. I don't think U should be proud of that
Thank God.. He's so amazing
I chose the prettiest most open room in this house with all the pretty views and windows, and it attracts the most bugs lol
Tomorrow is going to be a primary in Williamsburg for the congressional district 7 one of the candidates i was met today is Jeff Judson
Two days left in school. My daughter is v-e-r-y sad; is struggling with the idea of moving. Sigh.
Lol Chris brown better not have one of those prison flashbacks during his performance
I think guys abhors have their 3somes before they are married or not n a relationship
Some girls really need to get their boyfriends in line
Anyone wants to go to seaside tomorrow?
Mexico should make june the moth of Memo Ochoa
niggas be tripping in teen wolf fo real
How can someone who makes you feel so alive also make you feel so invisible
Hey guys come visit me tmrw! in VG
The next 3 days are going to be crazy
Ima a fuck up. Sometimes I really kno how to fuck things up
Never trust a cookie with a woman's name. Pecan Sandie, Lorna Doone, Madeleine. They'll just break your heart.
Just want to be with my best friends already
Diner is always the move at this time in the night
We need to stay strong in the back 4
just searching for the perfect concept
My hair has gotten so long.
Chris rock don't need to host shit .. Un funny ass
zayn solos make me very emotional
Dempsey with a broken nose
We had we ever wanted in that keg In the closet
Where is Lindsay Graham going on summer break?
Would it be ridiculous to buy a car and charge it on my dad's credit card?
WHAT A FUCKING GOAL BY JONES
Me and chels are the shit at ping pong
I'm Ghana be pissed if we lose now
But its not a grammy .....
WHAT A SNIP
That was a terrible joke I'm so sorry. I guess that just means I'm a heartless bitch
I aspire to be as different as I possible can.
Latest book of interest \"where the heart beats\" by Kay Larson a book about John Cage,
If you only look good with 5 lbs of makeup on, you my dear, are u-g-l-y
She just wanna smoke and fuck I said girl that's all that we dooo
Where does lebron and the go from here?
We're miserable apart but together it's so hard
I do not want to be a basic bitch
It's happy hour!!! $4 well drinks, $4 specialty beers and wines, as well as $5\/pint of Peak Organic's Summer Session, let's Kill the Keg!
KOOL JOHN IS HERE HEY BABE I SEE YOU
Game mode= complete flip. Wow the atmosphere is crazy rn
I need a bf who's a down ass dude.
Everyone thinks Dakota and I are dating I should probably stop calling him bae now
People are actually texting me.. WHOAAHH
That was the most painful fun ive ever had. Besides maybe blobbing.
Sara stop tweeting at yourself from my account please
Shit done changed. Ooooooooooo * voice *
If you didn't hear, then fuck what others heard
I love the Harper\/Rowan theme
Damn already wtf
That's why I got this attitude, they don't say wattup to me
I really need some person to speak to rn
GCL Phils lost to the Pirates 6-2. Brandon Leibrandt (3IP, 5ER) took the L. Damek Tomscha &amp; Chase Harris- 2 hits each.
USA we need just
\": Am I wrong ? For thinking that we could be something for real\"
How could drama trend very fast but we can't help do the trend and make that trend fast and get justin to notice the trend
I'll admit the Bloomberg offices are cool. Not 745 am cool, but cool.
GOAAAAAAAAL IN JUST SECONDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\n\n\n
Just won $150 on a lottery ticket ...... Fuck you !!!
Bout to hit this L and call it a night
This winter I might just cop a pair of uggs
Something about WWII and the World Cup
We have a Cinderella story in the makings
NO JONESS BAE DONT GO
\"Back to Love\" by Paulie D has been on repeat for the past 24hrs. Literally my favorite.
How could you be so cold as the winter wind when it breeze yo?
Ramadan day 1 completed alhamdullilah
Sitting in hobo pee is a great ego reducer
Sooo is like everyone sleeping already? Seems like it... 25 is the new 40.
I just want to get lost and explore the world
Will I want to go back to oxnard ?
idk why you would think that's funny
Nico and Vinz's In Your Arms. Aaaahhh!! I love their songs.
EE.UU se lo merecia estan jugando MUY BIEN ..
beeeen up since 4am. Jilly needs a napppppppp
There is a loud ass bird outside my window and I'm literally about to shoot it
You were tonight =]\n
Happy Fathers Day to all of the dads out there
And two gallons of yogurt just poured out of the machine
Last night was much needed
Que maldita mierda la de hacer ruido comiendo chicle .
I should be home with my friends distracting them from the game with my nonsense and asking to go eat lol
you keep on playing games like you know I'm here to stay
Christiano Ronaldo play no type of defense lol
I want a Wrangler, Jeep. Fancier then classic luxurys.
Belong To The World - The Weeknd
and I was standing outside of a gay club
\": I miss talking to you\" same babe
Now go on and win it.
There are so many crazy ass motherfuckin spiders out there and I want them all dead
Good ol Cap'n
Ghana's kit &gt;
Don't feel right, should've stayed home
I am sad for the Hoos, but happy for Vandy, they played really well and deserve the title. But seeing Bayless gloat really f***ing irks me
Train tickets all booked for this week! To minus 2 days until lake time!
Being single is fun but having someone special is even better
I'm so beat all I want to do it's sleep ..
No!!! He's done!! Wtf!!!
Gimme ideas on who YOU think are Currently Hall of Famers in the \nI have some.. Let's see yours !!
Having a thing for short hair
I need more support on my video on FB .. Check me out !
This was my least favorite game of the world cup so far
\": I can't deal with people that play games and waste my time.\"
4 years full of highlights, 4 finals, 2 titles. That was fun. all day.
No, y encima estoy segura de que me la va a armar por cierta cosa.\nPUES MUY BIEN.
I will literally pay someone to come over and put aloe on me
\": When memories hit you, it hurts.\"
Toot that thang up mami make it roll
wow i never knew ariana cursed
\"My pain in the ass but i love her\"
You look like bad news, I gotta have you
Idk why nikkas think that one faithful girl isn't enough
Never a dull moment w me and Frankie
The lady at the dmv sung Happy birthday to me.
Sorry but ur not hot enough to be an asshole
Haha I opened a bottle of wine in my bathroom and it exploded and now it looks like a scene from Saw
And I say July because I know it's not happening in June and August is way too busy
U.S. Soccer 4 goals last two games. Yankees 1 run last two games.
Ni me hablen del mundial hoy jaja
Leaving LA to get home to Bako never felt so good. Ready for a great week .
Tomorrow I might just tweet nothing but Waylon Jennings lyrics
I wish I had direct deposit. I always forget to cash my checks
Shit 1-0 COME ON GHANA I PUT MY MONEY ON UUUU
Took a child to and everyone survived.
Just another chill summer night with chill people
Hard cover books make it so much more difficult to read.
Part that's about to be hard for me though is basketball is about to be over...
I want to buy a motorcycle .......
I went to Ocean Avenue today. So that was cool.
We've lost The quality that gives pleasure to the mind associated harmony of form truthfulness, and originality.
Tomorrow I'll be in jersey at pt. Next week upstate w my country white friends.
Leaving during the storm? \nNot angry. But disgusted.
Russel Brand is an Enlightening person
Eyes blood shot but my jet don't lag
Ok does anyone here know about alcohol? Like what's the order go? Well, Top-Shelf.... Etc.
The American uniforms are beautiful.
A girl at this graduation put lights on her cap... No.
put fourteen hours on the work clock today &amp; damn it felt good.
El BECAO? : Con Un David Beckham Poco RT Que Tiempo dura promedio un Black Label para 4 personas en una Discoteca
Everything is about energy. The way you feel about someone will tell you if the connection needs to be stopped or not.
Te sigue gustando? \nNO :) NADA :) QUE :) VER :)
Some faggot just shot me in GTA when I was trying clothes on.
okay so im aloud to have a boyfriend and take him over to my house but not go on dates lmao
We get free soda and popcorn with these seats. I can dig it
Im okay with being bipolar people still love me
Holding on to what exactly?
I have friends asking me if I party on weeknights
Everyone ask Ron for a favor today
Navas WAY off his line there
my dad just made an announcement about how beautiful my mother is in front of the whole winery bc he felt like it(:
\"I work with a rowdy bunch.\" \"You worked with a rabbi once?\"
Who wants to drive to Cleveland with me next week to go to a Yankees game?
First night at with new and old friends dining at North Beach in SF.
The day I meet Nash will be the day I die
I used to brag about being able to eat whatever I want without getting fat lol
Lebron walking up the court take that nigga out he don't want to play
That's my nigga Jones
woo yeah 4th of july!! too bad a hurricane just postponed all the celebrations but yeah america!!
I knew what I was on. I had a pilot jones.
HEAT FANS WHERE THE FUCK Y'ALL @ !!!!
jacobs voice is sex
My sister have her boyfriend talking points to ask me questions so that he could get to know me. Lame...Good convos flow organically.
my dog loves my uncle more than anyone else in my family
Envy is good for your bank account
Chris jus made me melt tho
thats the realest shit i heard all day bro
Nick Cannon look sick as shit
The new Purge actually looks like it doesn't suck
Kyle says we are hanging out on the boardwalk on Friday afternoon
Pharrell don't got a line that's why he always wearing that hat
I've avoided the Adventureland haunted house for 18 years, but no more.
Game over . Congrats spurs !!!
Why are you guys still sitting here and not doing 's following spree I just don't understand
Nakakatampo naman ang Spurs, di man lang pinagbigyan ang Heat para umabot ang Finals sa birthday ko.
I like to feel his eyes on me when I look away
Seriously need my brain to turn offfffff.
KAYY MS WELLINGTON, YOU DID NOT PREPARE ME ENOUGH FOR THIS SHIT.
Eso me pasa por ser como soy
I have a nigger nose wow
I Forreal need to get away from my mom &amp; sister for awhile
Idk if it's a good idea to drink for the next 3 hours @ SFO airport.
I need to ask my uncle again if he's gonna let me borrow the car this weekend. I'm shy to ask him though lmao
Ok. In my almost 24 years of living, it's my first time to enter a casino =))
Why Make Others Happy When You're Sad Yourself?
Doc Emrick needs to do the World Cup. He uses the English language like no other
Life has a way that when everything is flying by and going smooth to slam you face back into the earth, it's funny like that.
\"That it's a lot more than marijuana in her son\"
I dare NT to back out because I'm going to bust doors down then
People propose a toast from coast to coast
At for digital strategy workshop. Learning lots about networking, collaboration, social capital. Like being back at uni!
So Barry Bonds is watching soccer at a gas station I'm at.
And yet I'm always broke !
ate three hours ago.. ok ready to eat again.
Enjoy Yankees vs rays with Ethan n his friends Nick and Matt!
what about lust ? what about trust ?
tight jeans on so she feel my shit
12 o'clock in NJ. Might get some rest now :)
That Teddy Roosevelt guy just won the .
Jam sesh in the B train
88 you're good in bp my Saroyan stallion
my nail obsession= eye! &lt;3 Cc \/\/ : how'd u know it was ?!
To all the new football fans that was messi's first goal in his World Cup history
I REALLY love it when a guy sends me a picture of his dick on Facebook. Seriously some guys have ZERO understanding of \"I'm not interested.\"
3 de adicion.
CAMERON CAN STAY BUT WE WILL TAKE JONES ALL DAY
Told yeah if it didn't rain it'd be a beautiful night.
you know success is near when 'friends' disappear.
Patty Mills.... That should be a fine
Money is a part of the world but is not the world.
My nigga chris brown is raw
grindin' for that glory.
I love that smile that always grows on your face when I greet you. I cant help but smile too.
I met someone who grew up with and two days ago.
Like no one is going to get it
bribing Rachel with hot guys and my boobs
GOOOOOALLLLLL LETS GOO BABY!!
*ties hair in knot on top of head*
The best part about living in an apt is not having to see the disapproving look on the garbage guy's face when he takes your liquor bottles
Fuck love, I want the money
On my way to the mile gag me
Thinking about sleeping In my car with the a\/c on.
This movie deadass put a smile on my face..
pretty sure this outage on top of all the other outages lately just earned a crap load of new customers tonight..
Look good feel good.
Errrr one being boring tonight.
Still can't believe I got so angry at this 1 kid that I bitched at Zoe Tuzzo for it, she didn't deserve that at all, I was so wrong
Training run, doctors appointment and at work event all before 7:30am! It's gonna be a long day....
IM OUT OF TOUCH IM OUT OF LOVE ILL PICK YOU UP WHEN YOU'RE GETTING DOWN
Hate cats, kittens are cool by me though
My cousin really got me here Watching how to train a dragon 2
If you have something to say then say it? But if not STAY IN YO LANE BITCH.
Dude. Jack. We talked about this. Like, more than once. You CAN'T just throw terrorists out windows.
Please come back you New York. I need to meet you.
Girls meets world comes on tomorrow at 8 on Disney channel, my childhood is slowly coming back
Anyone seen my kindoo?
Althea...... You know you fucked up right ma?
They look so dead and exhausted
One of the scariest things for me is when Im walking and can feel my ankle almost give out. what I get for breaking my ankle.
Bye bye Buick hello Ford Fusion
What is going on in America's got talent?! Holy Crap this dude
another pti nightingale blocked. 5 for the day. :)
I wanna go to and get a bath bomb so badly rn
.I appreciate you guys so much
Great first day of vacation. Campsite is all set up. S'mores are done. Extra tarps are hung for the rain tomorrow. Gotta love it.
Packed like no other in the gym today, guess it's just cardio for me
Rush hour in the morning to the Capitol region of Albany.
Am I really getting on a plane to go to tomorrow?!? HYPEEEEE
Girl Meets World - a Boy Meets World spinoff documenting the life of the pre-teen daughter of Cory and Topanga Matthews. DISNEY'S BACK.
The makeup I'm wearing for dress rehearsal makes me look orange...
So happy to be going out tonighttttt
Twitter at this moment in history is really just a collection of re-posts
Jozy Altidore is a bum.
Shit happens, people lie just so much. All you can do is move on fuck it!
CANT TAKE JAMAICANS NOWHERE
Couldn't think of a better way to start the holiday weekend than to receive a snapchat video from Team Snapchat.
In college, you learn more socially than academically..
THATS HOW ITS DONE.
I don't understand why couples that constantly fight, stay together... Like you're missing out on happiness else where
\"Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.\" -John Green, TFIOS
Finals co-MVPs: Boris Diaw, Patty Mills, Kawhi Leonard.
I hate when I get something and when it tell someone they want it all of a sudden
If i had 1 bomb to use im not sure if i would take out the ladies of London or the real housewives of orange county.
\": Justin Bieber also has a tongue.\"Slay Emma
Is tibbets the only pool open?
My cat just murdered like 10 moths
I'm not even thinkin abt food, I need the liquid
Lol no not at all everyone is entitled to an opinion deja. So just cause I have a opinion don't think I'm mad cause I'm not. Okay buddy? Lol
I'm glad u know that
christ alive ghana wtf
I always look through my camera roll when I'm bored.
Should just go directly to penalty kicks
Psahtek a tous ceux qui ont eu le Bac!
Don't worry about me girlllllll. Worry about them eyebrows!
Do my dance on yo dick. \nOwah you know you love this shitt
If you're not working, and I don't have to go through this early morning shezz I don't like you.
I'd be fine if we skipped tomorrow completely
I just wanna go to the beach today
Is that a claw ?
Chilling in tent city trying to get my first biddi
Tip of the Week: Silence speaks when stillness is present. Wisdom by NF
2 of the US best players are injured Altidore and Dempsey
Anyone wanna get good
Everything is on hold until I get mobile AGAIN
cant go home alone again, need someone to numb the pain
Was dozing off then a notification for a fucking group chat basically woke me up.. fuck you
Am I da only person who likes boys butts?
so tired I just said \"I bumped into my cunt\" instead of \"I burped in my cup\"
Why are there so many ants around here?!
Found 2 amazing houses in our first day of open house perusing. Apparently 50% of sales are going to all cash offers. What's up with that?
Felicitaciones !! Clasifica a 4tos de final de BRASIL 2014.
I ain't tryna ruin ya life, if anything I'm just tryna make it right
I'm so fucking bored I want to cry.
But me the soundtrack and I'll love you forever
thank god I don't have to go to the laundry
I always let shit slide cuz I really ain't trying deal w\/it.
I wanna go back to the Yosemite \/:
Gotta deal with somethin as soon as it happens or ur just fucked for the longest time
Things that make me happy:\nGod\nGood Health and Strength\nHappy Family\nSecurity of Property\nSuccess
My niece is into hip hop tough, listening to her music &amp; thinking she is way too young for this.. But remember I listened to the same stuff
Even with pre, these hours and lack of sleep are taking it's toll, gonna be a long month
Wow the people in Deer Park are mad nice. I love working here
I'm just not feeling life today.
En la noche la gente se pone profunda lol
Sometimes I just can't help but to stop and wonder if it's all worth it
Happy 4th Twitter friends. Be safe &amp; have fun!
look like we're in love but only on camera
My lil bro Clax on his grinnnnd
Glass structures waving colors bleeding from my throat
I logically thought of google translate but who listens to me right
trying to watch twd while i eat is not such a great idea on my part
That goal was straight filth
I say two hours like I didn't get stuck in LAX for 13 hours once.
If you live in America and you were born here and you're rooting against them please stop
Going to Rest : )\n, Sweet Dreams.
Mi ostino ad ascoltare questa canzone tristissime e non so che fare
I'm not sleeping until that guy is caught
Just got an email from the Macklemore fan club
The only reason I'm watching this episode is so I can live tweet
me and jade are being held against our will to watch teenwolf help
I need to do laundry first thing tomorrow morning .
Not trying to \"adopt\" the only LGBTQ person in the office, as if he \/she were your lovable, wayward family member. Not cool.
Who am I going out with girls from work on a Friday night? I could be sleeping
Just searched my name \"kaylor\" and retweeted some of my favorites. You're welcome
cuz missin him dearly
COME FIND ME COME FIND ME COME FIND
New music loaded and ready for the road trip
Holy shit what a beautiful goal
i wanna leave and never come back
On the bright side it's supposed to clear up around 2 tomorrow
I'm pretty sure the nicest houses in Eastampton are the equivalent of the low-income houses in Lumberton.
Also RT : I adore and loathe the internet.
SOMEONE HAVE A SOFT CONVO WITH ME AND HAVE SUBLIMINAL MESSAGES WITH ME
My mom is the only reason for staying in Angola
The Draconian policies of the Republican Theologists\"
I know their are Milfs somewhere next to where I live at but they acting shy like they don't want a Young Thug
If you keep secrets from me I feel like I don't really know you
literally whats the point of trying to watch teen wolf
Melissa McCarthy is a talented, funny actress...but now she just gets roles like . It's a damn shame. This society is just... smh
Holy shiiiit ginobli
OMG chocolate and almonds are the best together.
Buster Posey to the team once vowed: \"I'll call a great game and keep us from getting no-hit but the rest is up to you schmucks.\"
Times like today make me wish there was football to distract me. HURRY UP.
my bae let me cut his hair hahaha
Imagine a firework show during a lightning storm
My natural hair is mermaid hair
Is reading the Tennis Crier? :) Great game plan with more aggressive net play, even if Novak struggles w\/ it. PS Mentality.
sip it if its weak sauce and shots if its crackin
Ghana's plan = beat the shit out of Dempsey and Beckerman
I wonder when things will get better
\": I forgot the a lmao I'm drinking wine\" yeah that's it .
like mom im not stupid enough to fucking get pregnant in high school ok
I need to go to bed before I kill someone
12 minutes till my teenage years are done.
Isn't it a little more difficult when your gun's not working? (Mos def) :P
Just Watched The Movie! Absolutely Loved It! Now I Want The Show Back!!
\"this game is like pure cocaine to me\" me definiu.
Inaugurando y haciendo hoteles, plazas, llegando inversionistas y los desacreditadores como acento diciendo que RD es el peor para invertir
and ppl here share their gum with me too so that's cool
We could do it baby, simple and plain, 'cause this love is a sure thing
\": What's the point in asking someone a question you know you're not gonna believe the answer they'll give you anyways\"
why do you always do this to me?
Everybody is going back to school in August and Im just gonna be sitting here bored af till September.
Chipotle closed so I gotta get wingstop smh
My first strop to getting right with The Lord again lol
Big time start
can't even handle this shit right now
This time line that 's making of my last semester just reminds me that I need to make better choices in life...
Nights pass so much quicker than the days did
If I let you wear my hat then you are a special person
I don't mind being single, I just don't wanna be lonely ..
He better stay up tonight , went to sleep on the phone last night
I saw deer cross the road today
NIGGA ARE YOU STILL BREATHING? CAUSE I AM NOT
Went to the barbershop the other day and there was a barber with a Bachelors Degree in Biology.. You gotta get your Doctorates maneee!
Bull sharks kill more people than great whites do
My actions speak louder than my words nigga
Remember those choose your own adventure books where you would pick the page you wanted to continue, and like every page had you die
my greatest gift is my ability to feel alone in a crowded room
what's there to do tonight??!!!
Im an addict for dramatics i confuse the 2 for love
You can call me an asshole for hanging out with mostly single people but misery loves company, right?
Ew i literally just watched a mouse run back and fourth on the side of johnjay. Smh
My right ear has been popped for the last week and it's killing me OMG
Hop on the M60 and the first person on me bus smell like death and must all rapped in one..
I can't make a fire to save my life
And my leg hurts, then I have to wake up early for the run
39 you're really cool and I'll have your back no matter what
After a long, laborious, isolated work project I find myself defeated and mere inches from the finish line. So close, yet so far.
I think that will be number 2
ME DUDE WHAT OF IT
Man babysitting three needy kids made me realize I can't have kids for a really, really long time
Seriously hope you come back
Shout out to the guy dressed as teddy Roosevelt at the World Cup
How the fuck am I still being sexual. I NEED TO SLEEP
I'm so smacked lmfao
Guys\/Girls come play soccer at RIM, lower field
Chris bosh just got gang banged
Me and Alyssa just pulled an all nighter wtf
I see the same people saying they're goin on vacations every month , damn don't you people work ?
You were different and I knew that and I excepted that .
My cousin just threw his life up on the side of the road... Whiskey &amp; beer don't mix.. Lesson learned..
I like us better when you shut the fuck up
Whhhhaaat a goalllll
Give her a showcase stevie
Tim Howard deserves to be trending
The Sim language is pretty great.
Oh shit let's get a round 2
On July 4th I will be 16 and a half why you stealin my half birthday America
Someone tell me why I jogged to Tyler's
DEMPSY MA NIGGA!
PREPPY BOY BUT HIS PANTS HANG LOW
I wanna run through Nando with Kobe on 2k
One of the worst weekends of my life
Aron Johannsson?? Ongkay
Running on empty. Didn't sleep much last night couldnt nap either. Now its 1 am. I really got to sleep.
Twitch chat: \"Is this RC Pro Am?\" Runner playing GTA2. Brilliant.
You know he wanted the back of the net on that shot in stoppage time
I really enjoy how the people waiting to get to the Bay Bridge think that honking is going to help their cause.
Yung ako Nagwawala sa Bahay tapos si loisa Woah lang ng Woah -_-
jealous of nadia cos shes at hawaii )-:
I guess I'll start to get ready for the plans I don't have
Nowadays chillen just means smoking Ls
Hey losers I choose not to have friends. Who needs friends when they invented Olive Garden and KFC? Pfffft not me.
from where\/when, to plz stop playin lol
Lol my pug was too fat to roll over
Moment when no one gives a fuck it's quite serene
My grandma was literally raised on a farm in Alabama, you can definitely tell.
Lezbehonest that Kalia is real
I hate when the fuckin train route changes up on you......
Keep a hard dick for ya girlfriend to wobble on
i'm surprised weird al never parodied busta's \"gimme some more\" with a track called \"gimme some chores\"
I think I take shit that's done to my best friends more to the heart than shit that's done to me.
I should be studying for chem but no I'm at Bris house roasting marshmallows on her bbq
Uh no bc you get all crazy when feels hit you Marcus
GO WATCH THE BEST COVER IN THE WORLD!!!
yu might not gaf buh now yu knoe aha
This is the best icecream I've ever had. Mel's got game. Holy Moley
Narrowly escaping police im the x5m haha
GOOOOOOOIOOOOLLLLLLLL!!!!!!\nUSA!!!! USA!!!! USA!!!!\n
Time Warner cable service ever
Niggas will run cliches into the ground Jesus Christ, come up with something else
Anyone wanna chill and watch the US game tomorrow?
Eating ice cream I don't even like bc I'm that fat
Ah, Queens. Where a Chinese woman and Latino man who can't communicate are somehow able to have an argument on the train.
hello witnesses? All Obama supports.. Directed to shut up by the White House. This is clear!
\"My teet are ficklish.\"-Carolyn Anne Laurie
Heaven help the fool who did her wrong
24 is the new 14 *\nFeeling *
Can't believe this is my last night in New York
after everything I've done the past week...?
HI I WANT YOU TO BE DONE WITH WORK ALREADY
In full blown \"REFRESH MY FEED DAMN YOU\" mode on the train right now where is a live blog for this nonsense.
Tu ropa me da miedo, quitatela!!!
I shoot the lights out\nhide til it's bright out
GOD BLESS AMERICA, AND NO PLACE ELSE!
The fear of being caught up made me loyal
Un party party bien gevi :$
Jordan jvais le bruler avec de l'huile puis jvais le manger
Tired of these Sapos
Why are the people I care about so goddamn stupid?
Cidneys acting was the highlight of today along with
Today I learned from that we would all be better programmers if Javascript were tailor-made for .
Tryna figure out the move tn
fate fell short this time your smile fades in the summer
Toddlers in tiaras is my shit
advances to quarterfinals! Best ad of the country!
Okay I'll try a few Costa Rica puns, too. Cause this may be their year and they have a Macawling.
Why are people always so negative?
pe pres diten kur ka me rreziku e me shkru ajo :p
never screamed in so much joy in my life
Social media changed the definition of a \"relationship\"
That last tweet was insensitive. You are buying him\/her a ring to get him\/her another ring.
I'm honestly so done with helping you through this. You made your decision and I made mine
You kick the guy in the heel and wonder why you get a card. Has to be soccer
stepping in dog poop on your way to a label meeting
my eyebrow is in nicholes avi.. nigga I've made it
I guess I'll just go to sleep
The train is making me dizzy, I get car sick easily so I'm going to walk out of here worse
I wanna go back to bed
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Way too much \"good sports\" on this time of year.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they're endowed by their Creator w\/certain unalienable Rights.
(But if you're someone I don't like I'm charging full price and adding $100)
11 more days until the sexy six reunites in cape cod
I'm awake like I don't have school in the am
Possibly might have to stop listening to trap music
Never lose your mind cause Insanity is brutal
About to be re-united with my long lost comrade
In 12 hours I will be on a plane to the Dominican Republic!
I like you but it doesn't even matter
Stop trying to act tough in front of your new friend like wtf is wrong with you
Talking shit about everyone with brenden bc why not
Didn't even have the chance to do the shit we planned to do
I wish it was winter so I could wear my American flag sweater
I really want a pair of Margaritaville sandals
just watched the father daughter dance video on Facebook. it was honestly one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen, cried like a baby
celebrating the loss of such a great person is tough
Wow! All tv's on the game, Overwhelming support for the US - everyone is watching
No me iporta por cuanto ganemos, mientras sea por 1 gol que ellos ya esta..
I didn't think it was possible to love someone as much as I love
Phone hacking - what we used to do before we realized viral quizzes were the answer
Feel asleep during work, I don't know how I haven't been fired yet
10-3 since activating Votto - told y'all. Wait til July 4.
Messi being Messi
Sometimes the sexual attraction is too strong
My baby's doctor suggested modeling her. i dont even know where to start. Anyone have any recommendations?
I'm craving a lamb gyro OD but hell no I'm not eating alone
Cleaning up then getting baby d and baby jay ready for bed
I either face demise by my own hubris or i'm faced with the prospect of great success in the face of adversity
Sava... NVM RT : Cameroon displaying why Africa is losing, NO UNITY! How are teammates headbutting one another?
Where the heck is help
But it's ok as long as you got your concert tickets
I think Michael Bay was still playing with Transformers when all of his friends had moved on to Nintendo.
Ou pa sou sa vre
Bruce Bochi es expulsado del juego del encuentro
me cagas a otro nivel neta
U.S. has been running this match. Just need a goal or two to show it on the scoreline.
Why this nigga keep telling me it's time for me to have a baby like what !! &lt;&lt; you're Turing me off.
Smh I do this staying up shit every night for no reason
No matter what My baby will always be my baby.
THEN UNFOLLOW PEOPLE stfu
I've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
Currently wearing sunglasses indoors because crying while watching titanic
Ahahaah to me llegaa
In my world theres only two kinds of people. Either your helping me or your hurting me .
I held your name inside my heart but it got buried in my fear
WHY A CLOWN JUST WALKED IN... SON!
Is Shady trying to be Soj with that snapchat story?
Anyone down to go to the pool or beach?
Need to get to the movie theater ASAP for and !!!
Mi nombre es la mejor y mi apellido para siempre
People get mad when you treat them how they treat you
Sarah getting the hip hop trumpet app is the worst thing thats ever happened to anything ever
Happy Birthday to my man miss u lol
So glad it's cool in ny ;)
I wish that Danielle lived with me
I keep thinking that I'm hearing his little kitty grumbles
Ghana's outside back just got shit on
Partition gets me feeling sexy and bad lol
SIT DOWN RINALDO SIT DOWN
Can I hang at someone's house. I'm really bored.
I feel like Prince Akeem after this shit
Now amazon in the smartphone battle.. Insane
I really thought it was gonna rain today
My Manager Already Wants To Promote Me And Make Me Key Holder :)!
It sucks when you see other people that you barley know taking care of your nephew &amp; someone THEY barley know \/:
choosing a favorite Kanye song is impossible
Wait letters to Juliet is actually real?!?! Wow I need to write about the past two years of my life and send it to verona
KSJC 260540Z 30005KT 10SM FEW012 BKN017 BKN150 18\/14 A2998 RMK AO2
I cant wait til im living with my significant other b\/c i will make him kill all the bugs in the house.
It's a hot one today, but at least there's a cool breeze
never been more happy that tomorrow is thursday lol
ALSO I LOVE WHEN MY RELATIVES TALK SHIT ABOUT ME WHEN THEY KNOW I CAN HEAR THEM. LOVE YOU TOO GUYS.
I JUST WANT SLEEP AND BABE AND FOOD AND HOME AND MY DOGS
Cash rules everything around me, cream, get the moneys, dolla dolla bill yalllll!
Coffee makes me too damn anxious
This has been such a shit show lolz
Correction: in the A for one week...
Diabetes and Breast Cancer aren't a joke...Fucking jerk....
Sweet deal sweet deal
The tats starting to peel and it's so hard not to fuck with it
Nothing completes this game more than seeing Joe Biden. Gotta love that man.
I'll Deebo ya hoe you niggas should hide ya bitch
They both complain about each other like just shut the fuck up ur both annoying
Literally in the middle of everybody's shit
Niggas start to busing when they see the clippas loaded.
Excited to hear of talk about what investors need to know about investing in hardware
\": You don't understand why i smoke. I get high cause the world is so low.\"
Next time don't tell me I don't try.
Kawhi Leonard is so sexy. Saw him tonight in New York signing autographs!!
Someone pointed out that my mom would be disturbed to know I was surrounded by 5 eligible Jewish guys and I ended up taking a girl's number.
More like \"belongs on the trash\" yeah my art too
Do the goals belong to Argentina or US Hedge funds?
I would pay someone 20 bucks every night if they could guarantee me a normal amount of sleep
This game is making me nervous
one min idgaf and the next min i do
Why did someone just retweet me from 2012
Obama Went To An Ivy League School, I'm Sure He Has Somewhat Of An Idea What He's Doing.
tangina ako pagod na pagod na ta's magbubunganga pa .\/. tangina mo bitch shut the fuck up
I am so sore from yesterday. Goodness.
Bethanns sooo sun burnt!
Texting more than 2 people at the same time is WORK
So pumped for Ireland next week!!!! Going to be a blast!!
When you realize you were vying for the attention of a 3 but you deserve a solid 8
But negative happens and I know we'll turn out okay in the end. Hopefully
We met on the moon it was an eclipse
I'm so illiterate .... wandering * lmao
I miss seeing your name pop up on my phone every day
Los Altos ready for Santa Clara Homestead at Sunnyvale Metro Field, Which way to Williamsport?
All that laundry waiting for me when I get home
\"don't you do that to the 16th president of the united states\"
Day 1 of camp and Erin slept through her alarm and picked me up 30 minutes late
I have a broken back @ the moment some 1 help
Bitch you better hope Karma get to you first.
I want not a lovey dubby type of person at all. What is \"PDA\" ? Huh... Nah
Thanks and for co-hosting with us at the Building a Front-End Style Guide Meetup tonight!
what even happens at a magcon like what do they do
I get some weird thrill out of being on a local subway and beating an express train to the next stop... NYC has made me so weird.
You would've laughed so hard ...I went to Ralph's lastnight and asked for a chocolate smoothie by accident lol
That blissful moment at the end of your day and you feel accomplished.
Just heard about every bar outside my job go crazy...USA must've scored
Avril is off the Twitter bio. Thanks for not saying hi to me and completely ignoring me at the paid M&amp;G.
nao tem aonde sair na merda dessa cidade
Once you think about it the lyrics to \"Latch\" are light weight creepy and possessive haha.
I hate when \"yo\" turns \"to\" to in autocorrect
Come thru to Shultz one more time before you leave NY broski
BAHAHAHAH WHAT A FUCKING SHOT BY RONALDO
MANU WITH THAT DUNKKKK DOEEE
Amigos: I'm on WNYU 89.1 FM at 7:30 PM EST (like 12 minutes away) with for . There can only be one World Cup champion.
Fuck twitter for being addicting and not getting me sleep
All these years and I haven't lost my touch
I feel as though every time I see a picture of Kim Kardashian, it looks like she got more plastic surgery done
Or at least a pic of those girls who were snorting coke behind us to hang on my wall of shame
The stretcher is a tad over dramatic. I'd prefer a big soccer ball car or his teammates carry him off.
First longboarding lesson went well
Love Ricky Bottalico for always not being afraid to call out the phillies disgraces
Tryna get on every ride in Dorney Park
he didnt even put the effort to stop it lol
He's playing with a broken nose
wow. just got an achievement on Xbox One for netflix. THIS is my life everyone.
DEMPSEY LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I AM SO HAPPY LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS GONNA BE A MOVIE AH OGM
I have a new mama now
1-1 USA Portugal
Jelena.... You know you're talking to your mother right?
Chillin on a bench in Walmart.
literally need more friends
First time ever I been with squad and my phone is fully charged...
I slap the bitch with 10 stacks cause that's how the squad play
Put a big beautiful smile on and be open and attentive and all will be good\n\nAdvice from the wisest person I know, my Mama D.
Toughest team in the world... NO DOUBT! STAND UP!!!
Hi! My name's Ben and i like to build rockets!!
Id rather be skinny with no ass and tits than feel fat. I used to be so skinny with a flat ass but I was happy.
she been mad , she gone stay mad . cause I aint going nowhere .
Can't leave my yoga mat @ YttP no mo. It's a puddle at th'end o'ev'ry class!
I like looking at certain friends Facebook profiles and thinking \"yeah there's a good chance I'll never see this person ever again\"
I want to get my bottom belly button pierced
Hahah dropped my phone in my coffee this morning...
I just made a yummy lunch and ate it before I could take a picture.. So did it even count?
I can't wait to get a new phone on Monday!
Congratulations to for a successful presidency for the month of June 2014. is now taking over for July.
Never been so nervous watching a soccer game.
\": LOL you're there right now?! And he remembered you\/us hahaha wow\" HAHAHAH i had to ask.
void stiles in the hospital is like my love. he looks like he's about to die but he's so attractive.
And just like that they have taken the lead
Heyy Papii y que la que hayy
My plug he be speakin Spanish
Didn't expect it to be but exciting game for
I wanna see her
That white bitch that had that amber alert go out today is a dumb mofo.
Hoping that someone will insta that Domino sugar installation at some point. Can't wait to see it.
This is so fucked up, and I'm so mad myself, gees. This isn't happened myself like if I have a phone, it would be iPhone 6.
...and then you do the math and realize how much you've spent on architecture and design books there!
Why does have such a shit fit when I try to upload previously recorded videos?
God the shit the USA does is nuts
If you have a worry share it with somebody else, then it's only half of a worry
Drinks down man down circle round stand up pimps up hands down beat'em up man down
I keep my crazy side hidden.
Idk man, the exorcist wasn't even that scary
Ouchhhhhh hope not a broken nose. Get that fixed and get back in!!!!!!
Alot of errands to run today
I'm so cranky and smelly and tired
Better than I will on Friday. RT : What will Tiger Woods shoot tomorrow?
Im straight but that scene turned me on wishin I fucked around wit a girl too
need to get my body back together.
How could u say stop when your body says go .. dont ever fight the feeling
Lebrons going to the cavs idc what yall say
How dare it rain on the 4th
Update: we all had to get off the plane and now the guy next to me is singing in the gate
Niggas better come correct this season I know I am
Yo omg shopping for pants is the HARDEST thing to do. My ass never fits in them.
This is Ronaldo Bonsam playing .. Fake one
Honored to lose in the conference finals to the nba champs
Grenke looks like he belongs on a beach with a surfboard, not on the pitching mound.
I can appreciate a dislike for olives. However, your olive \"allergy\" is bullshit if \"olive oil is ok\".
he look like he just woke up
Old timers day followed by world cup
Welcome to the Bronx. Please check your ice pick at the door lol.
Only Beyonce can be nominated twice in the same category
If I was him, I would have left after her weight made him lose the first baby. That shit don't make no sense
Boutta cook some food, and then go to work and cook some more food for 6 hours.
like a concert we clappin. real life no actin'
On returning home from a fun filled Father's Day Weekend in NYC. Thanks family!
Bored as fucking hell why does everyone live in pa
I have this really Funny picture that's relevant to Jerrr's life
~Preso en mi ciudad, casi ya no llora, atrapado en libertad~
I dont need much..just my crew. :)
I be to lazy to tweet lately
Happy birthday to the greatest country in the world!
detonate me if you want to, I'm done with games.
And Matsui with the BP homer!
Hey\nHey\nHow are you \nGood you\nGood\nWhat are you doing today\nNothing you\nNothing \nLololol
Finally back in California, only 3 hours late, thanks
I love being spoiled, but I'm not a spoiled brat.
Big day for &amp; with stops at at 7:30am (ET) at 8:30am &amp; at 8:50am
Wow they hugged on the sideline. I guess its really over
Just realized it's been 30 years since I graduated high school.
Off to work an 8 hour shift... Lets hope I dont quit today
On break trying to stay up
I love the way that you put it together.
restaurants where employees use the same bathrooms as customers make me very uncomfortable
Or I might delete for the month of Ramadan ...
Waking up from feeling a pincher bug crawling on your leg. Now I'm all itchy now.
Girls are gross... The animal of hair I just pulled out from my shower drain is filthy. Omg that was disgusting.
i wanna sneak out tn someone hmu lolll
Girl meets world is on tonight?! Hyped
my mom just gave me 100 dollars..... is this real life
Well isn't that just brilliantly impossible!!
Congrats to &amp; too, really excited for all of you!
Just hot glued myself to my bed.. A little painful at first but definitely worth it in the long run
Bosh is really ass
I keep hearing a panting dog. This isn't my apartment.\nThere are also no dogs. Well...back to my nap!
I mean that's not disrespectful of you at all...
Let's fucking go baby USA USA
If anyone smells BBQ sauce... It's just me..
Think I agree with the majority of criticism against Season 3. Need to focus on the mystery 1st, character idiosyncrasies 2nd.
Bey &amp; Jay like ike &amp; tina they Always fuckin performing with each otha
If anyone needs a fresh cut hmu 908 839 3206 not at Justin's today doing house cuts
Phone just did a new trick of secretly raising the volume to full. So when I got out of the tunnel and my music came on it blasted my ear of
I'm scared to death right now, I have panic attacks when people stop answering me.
i don't anyone who follows me even knows what king of the hill is so my last tweet was a lost cause
Dude, Riff Raff is really cracking me up right now hahaha what the HELL.
need to announce cool eyeglasses soon to so I don't have to look geeky wearing google glasses
Let me stop
May have ran myself into a corner after exploring all touristy spots right away. I'm bored &amp; don't have anywhere to go yet.
Brian Cranston is actually hilarious, I can't handle him in this show
guys Arthur is an aardvark
That's what happens when you put ya business out in the open
Packing up for my trip to Utah I'm so excited to see my best friend from chile&amp;spain ahhh I can't believe it's been 2 months
I would run off and slay that nigga if he rolled up on the block at 6:50. He would most certainly be dead
Real question: what are the pros and cons of getting Instagram?
This game is going to give me a heart attack
Coco Vandeweghe def. (27) Garbine Murguruza 6-3, 3-6, 7-5 in the 1st Round of .
Quick work, USA!
American healthcare is a joke. It should just be called plain ole gouging.
Ugh I need to get him on Twitter
Just about to just go to sleep ! Fuck it
I have to do my eyebrows today they're horrible
Can't believe there is still high school drama going on and we graduate I'm like 3 days. None of this is going to matter later on anyway lol
Djokovic has the edge, taking the 3rd set 7-6.
Fue a conciencia pura\nque perdi tu amor..!\n
I'm sleep doe
Esos hombres que golpean mujeres
Mother fuckers!! Lol
Being allowed to keep discussion of your family and social life private at work, and no one is compelled to comment on that.
I'm trippin this drink got me sayin a lot
No strong shots till 1.5hrs after I start drinking RT :\"is going to get so wasted tonight lol\"
Not even in the first minute mark!!
I'm still waiting for that Ice Cream!! Lol
Got all these bruises from the SU football camp
I want mad hammocks in my future house
V and I are finally starting - just heard them say \"winter is coming\" for the first time.
Thought this game was gonna be SO different
Red Sox are losing 12-2 HAHA
Lmfaooooooo my headphones dead be violating.
I BEEN SINGLE FOR WHILE. LIK YO. RICCO CANT BE LIK THIS.
Angie Martinez interview on the breakfast club this morning. I'll be turned in.
WHAT THE HELL YO
IM GOING TO REACH TWEET LIMIT BY THE END OF THIS DAMN SHOW
5 say you don't want a relationship but you text one of my good friends \"I want to fuck your brains out\"
Cooks dressing?.... \": I need a woman that cooks dressing, watches boxing and can play dominos.\"
\"But you married him\nDo you know I made him leave?\nDo you know he begged to stay with me?\nHe wasn't man enough for me\"
Belajar bahasa batak seru juga ya! Sampai2 aku ketawa liar banget deh :p
I know why you came... Tryna be my mainnnn
What a fucking rip by Jones. \n
I just really would love to smoke a J right now
This summers great and it hasn't even begun yet
summer classes aren't that bad but damn today was a perfect day for the beach
Clint Dempsey is so hot right now
Van Direksiyon diyince ne kadar komik oluyosun anlatamam :Dddd
I can give u free food and we don't ID ;)
Why am I still awake?! I have a disney date tomorrow!!!
Funny how everything changed, once you got all that you wanted nothing was ever the same.
I have like a month+ off from hockey and I don't know what I'm gunna do with my life
To go to the hamden fireworks or not...
Got some killer footage this morning!
I stay chillen with my sis every night
Should I text you 1st or nah..
I'm done I can't do this anymore. I'm literally going insane from all this good bye
I love the reactions of the coach and bench
WTF GINOBILIO HOLY FUCK
Can someone please vouch for me please that \"I'm the ish\" and \"that's my ish\" are sayings
I'm loving this, we should do this every four years
If this cricket doesn't shut up I'm going to becom da murderer
I remember when i went to pure
About to be the longest 7 mins ever
American army shouldn't be fucked with
At beautiful Boat Basin Cafe on the water in NY
\"Step away from the dead horse.\"
Good game Kuroda
When Paige is hyper and I'm not I actually despise her
MY CLEANING LADIES ARE PORTUGUESE
But the more important question re merger: will continue to sponsor ?
Why do people actually leave me voicemails. Stop the fuckery
Have fun getting crushed by the Dutch though.
Now this day couldn't get worse
The all of u. I appreciate it all
If only I had a dollar for every naked person on my train just now. Happy Pride!
Don't mind being a glasses guy, but sometimes it can be such a hassle with cleaning them or misplacing em or accidentally dropping em, etc.
Might as well go to TJ this Friday and celebrate the win today because comes this Sunday Netherlands is whooping that ass lol sorry friends
i really need someone to go to the gym with. anyone? no ? okay ill just get fat then
Such a mystery when he's here with me
im so glad my HID headlights add an extra 5 horsepower to my engine
I don't like when people try hard to be my friend
So am I wrong, for thinking that we could be something foreal ?
\"I went to get a nip tuck and I got nip fucked\"
Oh shit is that platinum? Niggas doin platinum again?
I feel like some of y'all is hating!!
Just saw a lady pushin mid 40s to early 50's. all I'm gonna say is
Ma nigga get out! Get Tue fuck out
Benzino is just a hurt nigga
Dad's Day gifts of tricked out beach chair &amp; flip flops. Don't know if the family thinks I relax too much or not enough.
Ion fuck with you niggas.. i own the clippers
We injuring everybody. Let's goooooo
It's written in the stars that I marry a soccer player.
Nigga was ball watching smh
I left work and it's still daylight out. It's weird.
Like yeah I appreciate you liking out&amp; every thing. But next time dont do it if im going to have to hear you complain about it
sometimes stop isn't the right thing to say.
What's the hype about ?
Orgasm blush, lipstick &amp; concealer. \nDevil in a tight dress, girl you a killer &amp; ain't nobody realer
well that was kinda cool \"we brought an alpha\"
KSJC 241053Z AUTO 00000KT 10SM CLR 15\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP147 T01500094
May lose my mind in this house
please I love you
About to play the Wii for a lil
You make it look so easy
I want to have at least one kid before I get married
Wasted 2 1\/2 years of my life on someone who was not nearly worth my time at all. I'm fucking free
So weird to think that back then, concerts were a treat because music couldn't be played on demand
My dad comes over this morning and leaves the outside kitchen door wide open with air on. He's got to be doing it on purpose right? Payback?
I am so incredibly grateful that I have such a well behaved and polite kid. Not sure how I got so lucky!
Ayo party people what's good for 4th of July I'm off all day and the next day
Roman Reigns gets to keep the gear, the music and the entrance in the Shield divorce.
My new favorite show: American Ninja Warrior! and I can't get enough!
\"So inspiring like love that expired.\"
They Can't Tax You On Money You Got Illegally.
Im done w everyones bullshit, i really am.
However, I may save Kovacevich for Sonata No. 24, because finding another pianist we haven't featured for Waldstein is promising.
Sometimes you have to change your approach in order to reach your goal.
Overheard in the bar: \"You should text me before you jerk off.\"
Kyle and Elise are fighting over how nice my eyebrows are and it makes me feel good thanks guys
Mitch is having girl talk with me right now, he is definitely wasted.
Ever since Roza started everyone in my house has been sleeping Lol
Go to my car for medication come back with cookies, gum, and a sweater vest? Makes sense
\": Sen. Bong Revilla, nasakay na rin ng coaster palabas ng Sandiganbayan \"
For the first time in 5 days I don't feel like death and I have my appetite back.. So that's pretty kewl
And they get likes for it. I might try it soon and my real face is on there but I think only arson knows
SOMEONE SHOULD PUT A RAP SONG IN SYNC WITH THIS (preferably 50 Cent's Birthday)
Come get your delicious reward ;-)\n\n(you do know I'm talking about ice cream, right? )
Those white people were funny
Making more money then most people at my age
Cooking lasagna from scratch for my girl
Sean Cruess tells me he already ran 4 miles today, then he beats me by half a lap\n
Its one in the morning, and Im about to go make food..
Yall dont know how to act on Twitter today I see lmao!
Happy 4th if July. God bless America
Pero a ti te importa poco el sentimiento.
If i were a boy for a day i would have sex with lots of women..
I don't care if I'm fat. As long as I'm happy.
Jason just gave me the most white girl response to a text
\": T.I is that nigga, the REALEST rapper fr... The goat of Atlanta\"
Now that Redskins is on the way out , Washington Warriors and just keep the Native American logo or start over?
as if on cue, the master tenant of my apartment is threatening to give us all a 30 day notice to leave the apartment by the end of the month
\"You can just get your elbows out of my balls, right now.\"
if u go thru her favorites..u love her lol
Today is going to be hard knowing that today was your favorite holiday. I can still see us as kids running with sparklers through the street
volvio la yo!!
Worst part about sunburns - white shirts on Sunday
Well my ear is bleeding so yep
I still get impressed by Meireles beard, I love it.
That's Jones for ya
On a day like today the NYC subways need spritzers in EVERY station! Real men need to breathe!
Lady janes webster today
These finals were awful to watch
YES TO THE QUARTER FINAL YOU MADE ALL CENTRAL AMERICANS PROUD.
A las personas que disfrutan sus vidas, les recuerdo que somos gatos.... Solo tenemos una sola vida.
Kevin Hart is the definition of a fool
Don't know how I got this ugly ass bruise on my leg but I'm pretty sure my boyfriend did it
We should all go to nevada to get fireworks
man I hated braces... and I hate my retainer
Sent Taylor a swim suit selfie and he asked if I was pregnant what an asshole
Ya girl keep callN' me telling me where where you fucked up
Saying the same thing again and again will never effect a change in a person's heart. Minister to them, gratitude will inspire action.
A\/C is on at my place, guys
Acostumbrado a que me bateen jojo y yo bloquee
Aaron: \"You don't know what it takes to be a mother. You're pathetic-...\"\nSue: *Slaps Aaron*\nMe: what jUST HAPPENED
Juan Ontas ?
A strike! Jermaine jones!
The foundation of creativity exists in applying old concepts into new contexts.
MY BABY IS FREESSSHHH IN HIS BLUE TUXX!
PLS don't give me attitude for absolutely no reason because I hate it and it's annoying
Now what to do.?
Got me craving at 3AM.FML. BE 24hrs!
Nice day to.. Read some books
Still waiting for someone to text me and confess their love for me lmao
550am flights are not my favorite thing in the world. Back to the forest!
NO JOZY NO WHY
Tired, need to shower, need to shave. Do I wanna do any of that? \n\nFUCK NO.
so stoned like wat a quan
Lately all I see is dramatic, media influenced, superficial, ignorant girls with a vague education nd lack of motivation. Turn ur brain on.
Ya man got shot and not one tear is falling out ya eyes?
Retaking chem for the 3rd time... Hopefully third times the charm applys here.
Olive you by Dave days is literally the best song
When I brag know I'm not talking about how good I am but how good GOD is
big brother is the best, lets go frankie!!!
Im going to miss you so fucking much
When I go to the store should I get 1 carton of ice cream and a roll of cookie dough OR two things of ice cream (different flavors)
I just screamed &amp; ran around the house b\/c I'm excited is back on June 29th. I wasn't naked but my dogs were afraid, lol.
Talk to me please , don't have much to believe in .
edc is over rated filled with trend followers , people trynna be cool , and drug junkies paying 300$ just to go see some dj press play
Fuck this. Fuck you. Go fuck yourself
Whoever thinks your right in this situation is brain dead
Great Able board meeting today! We're so thankful for such a great group of leaders who are guiding the organization.
I just wanna meet but he's busy :(((((
You hurt me so bad , yet you couldn't make me weaker .
Antes de tirar la toalla recuerda por lo que estas luchando .
whenever i want a good laugh i always go on the kermit the snitch page lol
Never easy. RT : If you can cut somebody off easily, you either heartless or you didn't really like them for real
plus paramore hoodie costed more so
I scratch your back , you scratch mine ...
Iraq here we go again. What don't we understand, they hate us. Get energy independent and let they all go to hell.
Dear please don't insist on 2AM chow downs because you think it's lunch time. Sincerely,
to wear chubbies to tonight's turn up or not is the real decision
faaa no se qe hacerr si ir al colegio o acostarme y a la mierda
Trip to the museum anddd a brewery?!
Late night workout; it helps me fall asleep quickly.
Just gonna wear it wrong
The camera work for this CWS game has been horrendous. What's up with the zoomed out CF cam?
This moth has me dancing all over the place
My nigga is running on time. 24hours late
I could never imagine my life without my father, my thoughts go out to the girls from the area that lost their father recently
All i did today was go to the beach and yet I still fell asleep on the couch just now
I hate when I records ppls vibes in my memory cause one lil tip of the scale in the negative makes think something is wrong
WAIT KAYLA COME BACK HERE I HAVE TO TELL YOU SOMETHING
I'm finna get this watermelon hat though for the bday...Lmfao smh
2 days until On The Run tour!
Laith has soooo much shit to say but yet WHERES YOUR FUCKING COUNTRY ???????
July 4th fireworks are just a fabulous way of posting \"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!\" to America's Facebook timeline.
Muy pocos demuestran su verdadera personalidad en esta red social denominada Twitter eh
better win this game
' Mente A Na Chulo ;)
Gotta love the fire works I can see from my front yard... Thanks neighbors
BUFFALO WILD WINGS IS TURNT
get ya mind right, get ya grind right
All I want right now is an ice cold beer and an ice cream sandwich
My dad's friends are the complete opposite of him
I don't care what color I love me some onions !!
I swear a lot. Get over it.
but can't wait to rage all night tomorrow
this guy singing in the subway is breathtaking. Ugh the talent in this world. Perfect post yoga treat.
I don't think high school relationships are pointless, but I would rather avoid them from now on
i seriously miss my friends so much it hurts it's been 2 days since I saw them no no no I need to see them
I honestly curse so much at my house its crazy.
Panda with some agility yeah!
This moron (me) lost her phone charger so I can only charge my phone in my car cuz I'm too cheap to just get a new one
I la la la likeee youuuuu
Went in 3 sports stores in NY today looking for the white cowboys jersey, they had almost every other team but Dallas
OFF SIDES THIS DICK REF!
This is gunna be a good game
But you don't care, so I need too quit it.
High school is in the bar right now
I just saw a pigeon choking. WowErZ
So maybe spotify is good for getting to new music.
Idk what I would do if called me a gem
My moms snoring is the worst
Let's fucking go!!
You may be out of my sight but never out of my mind.
Stay tuned that pee wee long way mixtape on the way
trust me when I say after you get outta your edm music phase you will look back and just prefer not to talk about it.
showered and in bed before 8.
Getting parli pro related texts from my students tends to make my day!
Deckert almost got into a fight with a whale at Walmart
I'll tell ya what. Your god and my god can go to a hotel and have a circle jerk for I'll I care. Ill be in hell having a 3way with the devil
Ronaldo whines so much
Bitch don't run your mouth we don't play that.\nMama taught me better, can't count on niggas, Can't count on weather, go figure nigga.
I feel that nobody actually likes me.
The only reason are in the is because of Ronaldo's masterclass in that Sweden playoff. Nothing else.
It's time! Well at least the first half...
And anyone who is anyone is invited, idc to pick exclusive people .. just handle your shit and you're good.
When this phone die ima be bored as hell at work
.Yup, I'm beginning to think that is your life in a nutshell, U poor pathetic thing, I bet U feel better now tho.
I'm glad to be back in the city, just in time to launch our
Happy to see Timmy D go out on top
\"After 25 you must start doing Botox\"-Savta
We love who we love &amp; we just wanna have fun
Watching the pre-show with my mom
She said she loves you, then she moves to the next . You hate to love but you know she the best
Drew you are one of the few girls I know that go hard at shows
The things that I do for my country: waking up at 7am to watch the game
but he still staying in Dallas for 3 more years .. all these other niggas lose one year and wanna leave quick af
Just realized that I chew to the beat of whatever music I am listening to. Must look so weird when I am listening to fast paced music haha.
Wow my eyes are closing already but I'm fightin
Tony just taking over.
Grantland has spoken: \"The Lakers and Julius Randle. If you factor in fit, potential, and value, this was the best pick of the lottery.\"
It's crazy how you can have an impact on someone's life and not even know it
Holy fuck way to start it boys
Gooooaaaaallllll!!!!! Hell Yeah!!!! 1-0
\"I just peed my pants. Legitimately peed my pants\" -anonymous friend
\"Caminante, no hay camino. Se hace camino al andar.\" - Antonio Machado\n\n(\"Wanderer, there is no road. The road is made by walking.\")
Just liked FB.
I just got ready in 15 mins... That's record.
Sams logic: Allie likes Spanish guys so she likes soccer
To all the people ? lmfao what people ? bitches don't give a fuck about you
SOMEONE HELP CAMPBELL WTF HES ALL ALONE
Yall think chris rock is funny ?
Who is gonna be at ofl tomorrow at 10:30 in castaic
Pink pink pink pinkkkkkkk pinkkkk
Possibly watching the saddest movie ever...
La Brazuca Le dijo a Romero, \"excuse me sir\" -up
Can we talk about 's beautiful ass in this Bazaar shoot?
Been craving some real mexican tacos ;)
WHO PARKED THEIR CAR\nON MY SANDWICH
deep minds don't have shallow souls.
Fuck just blacked out and fell head first down my stairs on my porch sooo rattled rn
Good Morning, Happy Thursday Farmers Market today @ crossroads farm in Malverne from 10 to 4 Local
Wild fig got me craving a gyro sandwhich now
People are tailgating the front bottoms
Not yet, I may just roam around! : have you claimed your spot up on the hill yet? ;-) have a great race day!!!!!\"
Old navy must be doing pretty good lately
Ah come here and wash the dishes
Ladies and gentlemen that's what we call a crooked number (9) and it ain't over.
That has got to be the most beautiful goal at the tournament thus far
Also Yanks losing Arod hurt us in more than 1 way,it was like having n extra hitting coach!\nMLB never let's us hear the other side, never!!
I really about to do me and stop worrying about one person that just don't care
literally been watching netflix all day....ain't even mad about it
Just so we're clear, I know Raonic hails from Ontario, but Manitoba Missile I think sounds much cooler. Lol.
Finally sarted working on this new personal project and damn Im stoked for the future
Its crazy how u could meet the right person at the wrong time
Whhhhhhy can I hear my mom having sexxxx wtffffff
FML has finished me off! Food to die for tho!
I'm NOT crazy! But Goodnight y'all. lmao.
Lucky number 13
space jam is on vh1 at 9...youre welcome
I want to get a bad spray tan just to get a bad spray tan. Am I the only one? Yes? Okay.
Yesss get to watch Mookie Betts' debut live
$35 parking ticket followed by a $1 tip....Nice!
havin to hop a gate made it dope
jvais m'achter les air max 90 tt en noir
Queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee golazoooooooooooooooooo del mejor del mundo se los dije nojoda
What a boring finals series tho... Hahaha it looked too easy for San Antonio
\"They're just chill little animals I don't know\" I hate people
I'm really glad I found someone who has the balls to say what I'm thinking.
KitKat might be the most underrated candy.
This place doesn't believe in honey mustard. We have a problem
It honestly is starting to set in that my love for was not a phase but for life
I will forgive anyone for anything if the apology includes a bottle of Nutella
I fucks with ya cause ya very loyal.
I should have brought more business cards.l
I really can't stand people who commit to something and then do it and then don't apologize after that. Have some class
Gotta interview in buffalo next week. My lil sisters attending UB. That'll b cool if I get that
Could somebody tell Xsims to send me Cassidy's reunion link ... he blocked me ;((( LMAOO
We dey play sme nice soccer oo... We for score
can we go back to when it was better to have some meat on our bones than to be super thin...
The shit was lit
The horrible feeling when you realize it's not your day off and you actually have to go to work today
OMG fuck man I'm not hungry I'm just have nothing to do
Baby I'd give you my world, how can I if you won't take it from me?
Never skip the foreplay, it's always worth it.
Life's too short so love the ones u got cuz u might get run over or u might get shot
Last time-best time! Presenting with my best friend!
It's the nectar of the gods!!
I'm on like 40 hours without sleep. Probably going to die in a work-related accident
about to put my basic clothes on, leave my basic apartment...in this basic city, go to my basic job, and than go out with basic people. fuck
So basically me and spent an hour and a half eating ice cream and talking about Alex turner
WHOOH! 1st goal in under a minute of the game starting!! USA 1 - GHA 0
Oh Dr.O is cracking me up!
As much as I wanted Bosnia to pull an upset here .. that goal from Messi was Whooaaaw!
And probably a really cool mustache\/fedora\/mason jar collection
Some girls make their feelings and relationship problems way too public on social media
The Cameroon jerseys are so sick
Maddox yelling kiss me kiss me!!
See the streets will never break me
FUCK YEA DEMPSEY
LeBron and Melo playing together idc what nobody says
\"I would suck Kayo police's petite dick\"\nTwitch chat please
Took a long trip down memory lane tonight in good old Santa Cruz with some old friends. It was like no time had passed!
We do slander black girls too much smh
See you next month in Virginia !!!!!
Hate to see you go but love to see you leave running back and fourth soccer team
DUDE GAME OF THRONES
IF WE GOT A LOT 1D ACCOUNTS ON THIS TREND THEN WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO THIS TREND
I'm going to dm every1 who favd that and didn't do it and ask them why
God damn GINOBLI!!!
USA !!! Goallllllll 2-1
can I pet the puppies lennie
If someone wrote me secret love notes and looked like Farmer Chris, it would be a done deal
You're flaunting like you're ballin but you're really in the struggle
It's sad that I have better wifi connection at my girlfriends house than at my own
Sooo glad something other than soccer is on at work.
So when does sue to defend the rights of Muslim employers to impose Sharia Law on their employees?.....oh, wait......
Face just exploded
Vicki Throwing Ms. HHH into the brown smelly shitty Mud pool \n\n
To watch or to watch ... that is the question
We're getting ready to fly... And now it's pouring.
Reheated pizza is the best pizza to me lol
Discover me, discovering you
Linkin Park - In The End ; freakin classic !!!!
If u still get ur phone taken away that's a problem
I CANT BELIEVE I JUST CRACKED THE NEW BACK ON MY PHONE. I HATE MYSELF.
I hate when people fake compassion to get favorites and retweets. Bunch of low down sleaze bags
Not working Monday-Friday so I guess I can get through these next 5 hours
My boss put my onto piano tiles. And it's so effin addicting! We hid from everyone for like an hour just to play in peace
It's just the principle of it all that even matters not the action.
Donovan will be on a plane Tn on his way to Brazil where he belongs lol
So successful they'll probably say I signed with Satan\nBut I got God on my side, always down to ride!
\"Danielle needs some shut the f*ck up oil\".
Yes, I will screen shoot you if we talk on Skype bc LOL
Workin all night no breaks or recess
Just seen about Neymar. Shocking. Presumed he was exaggerating given the time and way medical staff dumped him in a stretcher!
she was ecuadorian too
I was having a good sleep but I had to wake up and Pray &lt;3 :(
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing
Before you do anything .. Gotta ask the bro for the carfax
My underwear remind me of one of shirts lol
A goal scored by someone named Jones, doesn't get any American then that.
It's crazy how one little person out of 7 billion can make everything okay again
About to put holy water in my bong and smoke.
\"The are old.\" That's what I've been hearing all season. So happy that so many people are wrong.
I love everything about that Messi goal, oh my gawddd
Imma call random numbers I have one here
I'm just going to scream Murcia all day long
Dear ,\nPlease open a store in Los Angeles. I love U &amp; we cannot survive on a long distance relationship. Thank u 4 believing in us.
Make a wish
One of the best shows was at . This is pretty much a replay. Loved them then &amp; now. Thanks
Me and Kenny are gonna FaceTime during graduation
Hey shut the fuck up thanks.
Estoy pensando en que estoy pensando.
That goal though...
deadass bouta find a real job im slacking with my other so called job
I don't consider lebron the best because the best doesn't quit even if they're losing. Lebron my friend your a quieter.
Screen shots don't lie!
What happens when four SWE go to a bachelors party in Tahoe? a: just barely leaving Livermore after 4 hours, but a long rant on Scala.
Kenya Moore boobs look sadddd
Hi! I'm Lori, a registered dietitian in NYC specialized in weight management &amp; bariatrics. Worked out this morning :)
Black Twitter cool but I wanna explore different twitters
Every fucking day.... Like chill the fuck out
The car dealer manager said \"I wear 800 dollar shoes\"
Me and Slo are gonna design a college campus
It Be a Girls With Boyfriends Inboxing Me Smh
I am now a CPR \/first aid certified.
Que gordo hijo de puta mi primo jajajaja
So stoked for a fun night in SF with
Tal vez no se trata de un final feliz, sino de la historia.
Bosh and Wade reportedly opting out and taking pay cuts, but LeBron wants max deal. Makes it less likely he'd stay in Miami I think.
Rips my life away but it's a great escape
i cant get out of this hatred mood?
NEED HELP: I have a fridge full of food, but no mother to make it (she's camping). Serious inquires only.
I never forget the shit people say-- esp when they are trying to prove they are better than someone else. Let me catch you slippin....
I always lie to myself talking bout I'm finna go see all these new movies but I always cat off
My brother gets so defensive over his gf lmfao
What a goal lets goooooo!!!!
Lmfao Im coming at you neck right now what you trying to do ?
I'm just tryna do something someone hmuv
Ok that's a better entrance than that horrendous organ grinding music Harper &amp; Rowan had on
Dreams must come true because I thought I would only see you when my eyes are closed
Do they still even do regents...
Being in the sun for wild long today finished me. I am going to sleep well.
Guys that were hitting on me and my friends when I was in high school are STILL creeping on girls in high school &amp; it's 4 years later. Wtf
Shout out to me for being Argentinian
lol the story behind that is so dumb lmao.. I would hate my father
Well that was fast.
I'm all about good vibes and you really put of a shady one..
Gay or straight noone wants to see you makin out in public
I want to do something fun tonight
WHERE IS ?!?? HURRRRRY UUUUP.
Just realized how much time i spent worrying about the people that don't matter.. Atleast anymore
when u decide the is a good idea @ 10:30pm
Waking up from nightmares is the worst
Excited for this night to just end already, been kinda hectic
I know nothing about politics but I can save ya life...
Haven't been followed back yet...I feel like JT has intervened with this....*Continues to wait*
Fucking phone jus dies on 33% and doesn't turn on for a half hour....
I feel so bad for Ronaldo. He's injured
really upset about my birthday now.
Haven't felt like this in a long time
U wanna or u just favin to fav?
Just wasted a solid hour watching The Purge, by god that was the shittiest movie I have ever seen
I did it all for love I did it all
Lesbians are so fuckin gross bro, specially on Orange is the new black
Could I count on you to be there to support me mentally?
Lol it's not like I see you anyway ain't shit change
Anyway we can roleplay or get straight to it
There's nothing like getting stuck at the bridge to brighten up your day
why is Danielle wearing her brothers underwear
\"Good food, good weather..... I just wanna jiggle\" -Katrina
Viva USA yes
Loving visiting at home but this humidity makes it hard to breathe!
And now I finally understand The Name Game.
Can't believe I'm saying this, but one week clean of the green ... feelin like a new man
All these graduation pics and I'm like.. HAHAHAHHA freshies
keep telling my mom that she doesn't need her hair to be beautiful
Keep your hands in the air if your spending the night
You expect me to hyu ? It works both ways. If you not putting in effort you think I am to. Psst fuck wrong w. You
My room is such a mess but I don't want to clean it
NO This can't happen
*tweets lyrics and continues to be in my own little world* again
Idk how to feel about Wayne anymore
my mom always jumping to conclusions.
With lovers and friends I still can recall, in my life, I've loved them all.
Tu lo que me causas es risa ;'
12 hours ago I woke up super confused.
Ain't smoke in like a month and a half... Could pass the mean drug test
I knew happy was gon.win
Ok this girls were talking about food now all of a sudden about not being able to sleep like wtf I'm still waiting for my cinnamon roll!
whats crazy is, as soon as you fall back they crawl back ..
\"I can't believe we are the whole cheese.\" A frequently heard phrase around here
Dont know how to spell that
Just woke up and already annoyed. SMH
All this lace, short short, super tight revealing clothes catches a boy's eye not a gentleman's heart. Let the mind wander, less is more...
Margot Al-Harazi providing further evidence that Starks don't live to see Winter.
All a nigga know is hustle!
I don't feel like another person should ever define who you are or be your reason for living, you should be. Fuck me right?
Not even half way home and I'm already going insane
This kid said I look like shit and thanks to Twitter I cant find it now
bruh, i got myself out of the friendzone last night im so proud of myself.
LeBron about to cry
Need an egg sandwich in my life
When you're out in the club, don't think I'm not. When you're out making love don't think I'm not...had it right.
didn't think it was possible for this day to get any worse
I got some cheep cigarets your favorite beer girl wear the dress I dream about
It's okay for guys to fuck whoever they want but if a girl does it, they're a slut. makes sense.
Just finished packing for vaca tomorrow!:) excited!
SHIT my mom jus made the drugs &amp; EDM connection
Don't you think that it's boring how people talk
I dreamt there were several baboons and bobcats trapped in the ceiling grates.
The realest nigga out my city and I mean that!!!'
Alwayd give someone a chance to dunk on you.. theyll miss and you feel like a star..
that was hella good
If you don't listen to RondoNumbaNine you ain't shit
Having a hot tody and watching the mets. Thanks ! And it's sooo good. Needs emergenC for you.
worried about my kitty i hope she's exploring
Our 1st trade, Neal to Nashville.
Guy asked for my number and i put it in his phone. 911. LIFE IS COMPLETE.
My neighbor is cool as hell
because the stranger who just whistled at me on the street should NOT have the power to make me feel scared.
So I'll basically be broke after this weekend
What's going on tonight NYC.. I'm ready for you!
I only enjoy that song because of Drake's part
Sonic on Wednesday ? Blessed Jesus !
About 1\/3 of this flight has had waaaaay too many plastic surgeries.
Feels good to be drawing photo realism again
Stevie j love lying man. Lmao
Lots of loud Boston fans here. I understand--they're under .500.
LMAO Tl is split, one half BET, the other world cup
Sometimes just a nighttime drive with no music will do you a lot of good
lord wtf I need my check bitches
First date with Weston went well 9\/10 will call tomorrow
No matter how faithful you are smh
I just need to see Azula.
teos going to vidcon? looks like im not going!
I'm in the straight up Bronx yo!
Spread the word: Candle lighting for Novak being held tomorrow at 8:30 at Nautilus Park
\": 's are testy and have short fuses.\"
Ya Boye took his nose out
I'm hungry I've been alone all day watching teen wolf and doing homework. someone feed me.
Mack managed to get me to cry and now I can't stop. This was the last season for us 9th graders
Quiet night in the Oakland hills. Bath + wine + snoring dog + my guy = can't remember the last time I was this content.
I wish I could request to move in to robo earlier than we are suppose to
Why am I craving Bubbas when I've never tried it? The hunger must be real right now, really wanna go there one day.
Listened to buckwild for the first time and I must say it ain't bad :)
Corsons inlet was no joke earlier. I am drained. BUT Bar Rescue is on. This is my night
Shorty extra mad cuz I work mornings &amp;&amp; get more hours than her ! Bye Felicia
U-S-A! U-S-A! WOOO!
Girls complain about having so many expectations to live up to when boys have a lot as well...
Las cosas se hacen CALLADAS y sin VISAJES ;)).
I'm no instigator. I'm bout to go watch all the Bad Boys movies.
omfg. i had a dream where they were playing a miley cyrus documentary in theaters and i was crying before the opening credits were finished.
Squatting &amp; crunching bc is in 4 days
Speed is one of the most underrated action movies.
HAHAHA OMFG WAT
My phone has been on 1% for 2 hours now
People who say \"apposed to\" instead of \"supposed to\" are another group of people that really grind my gears.
I wanna get with you tonight but I cannot babygirl and that's the issue
Monumental news: I chose fruit over cake
J.Kidd is no longer in Brooklyn.
Unless I got myself together I would watch me fall apart and I can't let that happen again
Happy Birthday to the most italian non Italian kid ik xoxo
Im bored, what to do what to do.
Burrito stop RTing relationship shit thts cute cause I have no one to do that stuff with
This isn't an episode of your favorite drama; a bitch is broke and is going to be looking familiar , the rest of this summer.
4 people in SOHO have asked me and my older sister if we are twins already in the last hour
I don't believe GOD gave me this much love in my heart to be single forever
Bey &amp; Jay should've shot for bigger venues. I feel they still could've sold out.
I'm thinking a great tour would be Jack White and Jack Black.
Women like compliments so much they trade nudes with other females just for them
ugh I want to go home
Is it going to fucking rain all day or not!? Stupid fucking weatherman
Enrique Gil &amp; Liza Soberano will star on
I felt his pain
My bed is a currently a pile of zines, empty soda cans &amp; patches.
If only you knew. Lol, if only if only
I thought you would do the same for me as I did for you.
It's supposed to get up to the low 90s in the South Bay, where many homes don't have AC. It's not usually this hot.
Tbh PapaJohn's should hire the Hollister models as delivery boys
I refuse to get out of bed before 10
Today is a good day for banana creme pue
\"Boys don't say let's do anything besides let's do it\" wise words from
MALIA SHOULD KNOW THAT SCOTT ISNT ABOUT THE WHOLE \"leaving somebody behind\" SHIT.
Feels good to be out.
I have jury duty on my day off ..
Could you just once be cool
Up early af to drop my mom off at work
I want to drink beer for some weird reason. Like, I don't even like beer.
WHY NICK CANNON LOOK LIKE A SCHOOL PRINCIPAL TRYNA DRESS LIKE A TEEN
MESSI MESSI MESSI vamos carajooooo
Why is it so hard for my mom to follow through with what she says
Never judge someone before knowing their story
Why \n\nLike why did I do college summer semester
it's ok to be mad but it's pointless sometimes
Just did a complete overhaul on 's old touring drum kit. It has seen better days, but damn does it sound good.
I just wanna chillax at the pool and vibe
These past seven years of piano lessons have been truly unforgettable. Music will forever be a tremendously important part of my life.
I seen alot, I seen alot, I seen alot, I seen it. I did alot, I did alot, I did alot, I did it..
Why should i even state my opinion? Its not like it matters anyway.
Santi me pregunta de matematicas y yo ni idea jaja
knock the pussy out like fight night
It's been real rough lately, just gotta keep my head straight.
4-0 today against zNM why ya dont post thiss GG demonikksss
Teen wolf on some other level right now, and I love it, I want more
\": only reason I or mine is cuz I got 21k likes and 800+ on my other page\"lol that's wassup bro
I've never bought a lighter but I have two.
REPORT: Just in Miami has called to fly in Air Bud to join at 5:00 minutes
He offered her the world, she said she had her own.
Gym is bae. Danny is bae. I am bae. Food is bae. That is all.
This is insane
It would suck so bad if I didn't love sports as much as I do.. And love certain teams with a passion. I feel bad for some of you ppl!!!!
ok, now that he ended it I'm going to sleep haha
nah you probably don't wanna talk, I just won't reply..
the little noise in the background in the song often by the weeknd is in Turkish and I understand it lmao ayyy
if you really wanna be alone, ill throw my hands up cause baby I tried
I hate all of this bullshit. Good fucking night.
Maddy: \"there is no way I'm making it through this India trip without straight up bitching at least one person out\"
Outt here. Sqaaaud
If I start crying tonight I'm putting my head through the fucking wall.
a few bottles on the table , a few waters it aint a secret baby everybody saw it
guessing ima sleep the whole day
I miss those times when Taylor was fun
I suppose I should put clothes on so I'm not awkwardly sitting on my bed in a towel... Again...
Where the fuck was kanye at this time? HUH!? you fake dawg FAKE
That was an impressive extension of the leg
So happy for Mexico! :D we got thisss
It amazes me people inability to simply listen.
I will go in debt for tomorrowworld if I have to. I am making this shyt happen
DAMNNN LETS GO
Thoes nights when ya need someone call me over
I should play so some epic music when I lose this weekend
Need some oomf in my life!
If you don't watch supernatural then you're missing everything
I like wanna go see 22 jump street tonight..... but then I'm like kinda tired so like......
tweetdeck isn't extreme you're just weak
Everytime I leave the state of New Jersey it rains... No need to cry baby I'll be back
Holy fuck... sleep talking children may be the scariest thing ever.
I don't need anyone who doesn't need me
I need to master that SHmoney dance
I don't expect anyone to think I say real shit, because that would mean having to relate to me.. No one really can.
We might have a hurricane or tropical storm next week wtf is wrong with this pattern lol
\": I need of food\" I need to correct your grammar.
I want every text conversation to be over the second it starts.
If I just saran wrap my hip\/it band somehow will it just get better on its own?
JACOB JUST RTED MY PICYURE
I know that probably doesn't mean a lot to you guys, but I'm pretty ecstatic right now.
Ugh! When will this get better? This hurts bad.
Will I become a pot head ?
If only people knew in this country how much we actually rely on immigrants in the food industry
If this lady didn't already run my credit card I would get up and leave.
Or skrillex w.e name that weirdo goes by these days
this movie is so good !?!!
Hello my name Tae Wilson I'm 6'7 175lb my 40\" time is 4.43 Vertical is 46\" ..
Since when Springfield Nail Spa raise their manicure &amp; pedicure from $15 to $17? :-\\ Luckily I plan on having my nails done every six weeks.
I got my first real six-string, bought it at the five and dime
In the mood to watch the office
I mean this is funny cuz my dad is from Ghana but my mom is American
understood don't have to be explained
So...anyone...interesting show up in the finale of GOT?
~~~Perdemos mas tiempo imaginandonos cosas que nunca van a pasar, que viviendo la realidad~~~
I absolutely must have you guys on an upcoming broadcast on The MUST!!!!!! :)
Congrats to Massapequa native Sonny Milano of being drafted 16th overall to the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Lo que no sabes es que mientras no hablamos, estoy planeando miles de maneras para que no puedas estar un segundo sin hablarme
Less than an hour until season 4 of ! Yay! I love this show!!!
I maxed out on my allotted roommate luck with
I just want to travel the world and see amazing places
I hate that my best marketing ideas come to me at 1:30 in the morning when I'm just about to fall asleep. Siri helps with notes
This pregnant chick Just went ham on the dougie, I'm bout to challenge her.
Why is an 8 year old tryna be a blood brother
I feel like I was making love to you in permanent marker while you were just fucking with a heart of lead so you could erase her
The most fucked up thing about feminism is that women are embarrassed to say they are feminists.
The only thing I'm looking foward to rn is going to Victoria secret tm and buying all pretty bras &amp; undies
Damn... He just poured his heart out to her and she just shut him down...
Nobody's answering my questions lmao all I know is pharrell is performing.
What if the sky and stars are for show and the aliens are watching live ?
\"I'm gonna have a lung collapsure\"-
Seeing huge, ripped beasts on IG and being like \"I'll be like this in a couple of years\" lol
please let Clint be okay. fuck fuck fuck fuck
Really though I just yelled at a stranger about access to birth control. ANGRY.
Someone texted me hey babe n idfk who's never it is ?
Well last night was pretty fun...
Fuck the bitch ass spurs.
Learning more about startups &amp; tech in Netherlands at Consulate General of the Netherlands. And yes I met the consul
Whyyy do I have to crave chocolate or anything sugar related every moment of every single day
i forgot where i put my copy of looking for alaska.
I love how my red hair dye faded. Now I've got streaks of cherry red, blonde, and brown.
If it wasn't for no one would have urges to start naming their parties.
It was once said go West young man go West \/ well I did a 4 road trip to California
Yes he wassss RT : .is very happy man in between + ! &lt;3
I gotta admit you got my attention you're making me wanna say yo
FIRST THIRTY SECONDS
bad bitches aint cheap better pass her if you broke
I am like Beth's boyfriend with the gift I left her lmao
Gol gol gol!
I didn't take one selfie in Vegas! Lol weird
Every time you text me , i just smile like an idiot
Don't you ever for a second get to thinkin you're irreplaceable.
On our way to to see - STOKED!
No lo muerda no trae chicle ete bolon
Ghanas jerseys are fresh
Also hug your union friends because it kind of looks like the end of...all of that.
Man fuck her she really just blew my hole vibe frfr
The girl I usually talk to about big decisions is in the decision smh. I need a female friend
lol me too man its just ain't no bats around this MF lol
How are you gonna tell me what a New Yorker is if you only lived here for two years. I'm a born and raised NYer. Lol until they moved me
\": You're just another person who didn't stick around.\"
All I wanna do is go swimming
I like my coffee like I like my women. Without a penis.
G-Eazy is probably my new favorite rapper
Newport is just 3 weeks away I'm going crazy!
This game is crazy right now ave life vs Dominican power
lack of information can be a killer
Jacob doesn't seem to understand that he's my bae. Hes always flirting...
Anyone want to come to NYC and watch the USA game
...I guess? Lol
the heat are gunna win
WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO RUDEEE
And my brother is gone because he has friends and I don't lol
So much RIGHT about search algo, but one thing they haven't mastered is the \"geographic market definition\" element of \"local intent\"
All these late night thoughts and memories getting to me.
King James said follow his lead .. I like that !!
This delusional windbag says is a victim? Nice try buddy.
Gnome\/KDE have hard work &amp; a respectable legacy behind them, but no serious future or vision left at the helm. I eagerly await their death.
MANU with the jam!!!!!!!
game over bruh
DICEN QUE DIOS LE DA PAN... A QUIEN NO TIENE DIENTES...
I seriously look forward to watching the kardashians on Sundays. Lol
How I knew this bored nigga was finna text me lmao
Ooooohhhh baby let's get naked just so we can maaaake sweeeet loooovvve
Una copita de cloro por favor...
If we're Americans then what are people from Ghana? Ghanetians?
That's not going to happen. It's going to happen differently but with ladders! remove swagger and put in Ambrose
I'ma cut you off quicker than I met you
If Hunter Hayes was like a foot taller then he would be the perfect guy.
There's nothing like volunteering at someone else's wedding to help you steal ideas for your own wedding, which isn't even happening soon
Bron might as well come to the sixers, we got the cap space, and a very promising future
MJ never went to four straight Finals. Lebron has that.
The amount of times someone smacked my ass last night is not okay
Scary how I tell Alex legit everything of we ever fought she would have sm shit on me
HIS BATTING STANCE AHAHAHA
\": no I feel like an asshole .... Wana play tomorrow ?\" what time
Hun your ass cheeks are showing!
in the older \"americas next top model's\" Tyra stays flirting with Nigel like he's married fall back
You and your wee friends. ahaha no. Stop.
why is it so hard for a boy to talk to one girl
bruhhhh the shit people are coming up with these days
Are you busyyyyyy? Are youuuuuu busyyyyyyy?
And some white Americans swear your heritage doesn't matter. You can be proud to be a certain ethnicity and they say you're American
My graduation cake is U G L Y
If USA hosts the World Cup in 2026, I'm for sure gonna go to the games
Is it disrespectful to call another woman honey or sweetie, if you're in a relationship?
From what happen to them last year spurs come back with a vengeance
So happy tomorrow is my last day
Idk how I got up for work today tbh
Was so excited for summer .. But then realized how annoying these Mosquitos are
Wishing that I had a washer\/dryer inside my apartment.
suavecito me fui envolviendo, como el humo me iba atrapando..
Might have to go out again tn even tho I've been neglecting my main squeeze \n\nBut it ain't nuttin to cut that bitch off
Would The Ellen show like this lol
Sacajawea \nPut my name in bold
well there goes the 4th of July
Was I the only one who completely saw that coming I mean
Like did I dead ass just see that shit in my notifications?!!!! LMFAOOOO I'm cryinnggggggggggggg
.Always somebody SOMEWHERE that has a relative that somehow validates their otherwise hollow opinion....
I'm sorry 24 but if your show has Gail the Snail helping Jack try and stop Catlyn Stark, I'm just not going to be able to take it seriously
Chemistry Regents \nMay the odds be ever in your favor
Francesca's is what I imagine heaven looks like
This decision could make or break my night, guys
Party at my house tn hmu for details 17 +
At least the Lakers are dreamin Ruben. Bulls can't dream lol.
It's a silly sport, but I suppose if anyone should win it should be the USA.
yah,slah lg dong ka2 dhe?! -_-\" RT : papa mama aku ta'aruf kak kalo gak salah, jadi gak mungkin pacaran wqwq\"
United States definitely earned that goal
Masuka reminds me of my stepdad
Everybody I know never be here when Im over here
Bruh I feel like August Alsina right now.
Just heard shots fired in Oakland
35' Brooklyn look more alive. Good pass and move on the NYRB half. Still no breakthrough yet for Brooklyn
Griezmann is the fresh french motherfucker
yes, let's turn off the ac &amp; let all the cool air out of the house.
Usa is going all the way
34 days in torontooooooo
My hormones are going insane I feel so much affection towards Ian
Paige vs Naomi for the WWE Divas Championship.
You better carry, sis!
At least I'm not at work
My parents didn't contact me at all in 3 days until exactly 6 minutes before I entered the house saying \"are you on your way\"
I hate when people that i dont know tag in a pic on facebook ...
When ppl come in and out of my life, fucking make up your mind and quit playing
It really sucks not being able to tAlk everyday ..
Jermaine jones you da bessssv
Shttt dilo bajito, nadie se tiene que enterar -.-
You know you had a good weekend when have to think of what you did all weekend!
Quad shot ice coffee keeping me going so I can get back on east coast time
TIVE UMA TROCA DE OLHARES COM A MINHA CAMA AGORA E VI ELA COM AQUELE COBERTOR QUENTINHO E TRAVESSEIRO ME ESPERANDO ACHO Q N VO AGUENTA MIGOS
ginobili is like a taller george constanza
5sos are on my tv
Why ban gay marriage when you can ban Kidz bop?
Guys &amp; girls can't be friends
AHHH THEYRE FINALLY MAKE A MOVIE FOR LOOKING ALASKA LIKE FINALLY GAWD
USA USA USA!!!!!
Hahahh got traded to the blazers
Can we literally have a revolution. I'm so down
Wow. What terrible defense.
if anyone's as stupid as me by being awake right now hmu please
You're nothing i've asked for but everything i've ever wanted
mikey is making me so angry like wtf are you saying
It is really hot out here in fairfield,ca
Overheard on subway: \"Penn Station? What is that? It sounds familiar...\"
Holy shit raspberry swirl sorbet is the best for real
Making Pan Roasted Stuffed Chicken w\/ Herbed Goat Cheese and Roasted Potatoes!
Let me know if it's a problem man, alright man, holla then.
Honestly, FIFA make this stuff up as they go. If only they were as strict with their own corruption.
And with that said thank you for all the memories but thats the end of us..
&amp; we sitting outside watching the process
Can i sleep on da booty ?
Guess what Ryan finally woke up
I am the tall little dude and it's my brother on the left
Tell me what you truly want from me
I hate returning clothes so much that I'm boutta just take the L for this dress &amp; buy a new one ..
Can't even eat
Y'all go to college and front and just make a whole new persona shit be crazy
First game of spring season hockey playoffs tonight for me, time to turn it up a few notches
Trinidad I love yaaa Jamaica I'm ya brothaaa
i just wanna go to the beachh
I'd give anything to feel your old strong Chinese hands around my neck... Deep tissue massage? Ohhh yeah baby!
I missed Clint Dempsey's goal cause I was driving home from work. Bitter doesn't even begin to describe it.
Pretty butt hurt that I'm not allowed to talk to my boyf on the phone man.
Wait what was that ?
I guarantee that lebron next season will look to get better nd dominate
Take my grind to a 10
3% and I don't have my charger
Finally back on daylight... That damn night shift was wearing my body down
How we going to get asked to leave the lake ?
seriously though, thank god I have thick skin and nothing ever gets to me that bad.
LMFAOOO \"rick ross will be the first rapper to die of breast cancer\"
It smells like fucking shit drivin thru farming parts of Cali
Wonder if my phone will die before I'm done going to the bathroom
Spurs deserve this W
I'm so mad at everything haha
Suelta eso que no toy en eso
This issue started even before the USA match .... No news ...
Severe PTSD from this one time I had to pee really bad.
I threw in American penny and it flew. I threw a Canadian penny and it slipped out of my hand. WAKE UP AMERICA.
Great time spending the day with !
in about 20 minutes all i'm going to be tweeting for 2 hours is SYTYCD so yeah be prepared for that
Hi sa mga na-follow ko dati nung summer 2012. Kamusta na kayo guys? Shoutout pa? HAHAHAHAHAHA!
CLINT DEMPSEY!!!! WHAT A WAY TO START OFF THE GAME!!!
I did not think trying to find a car would be this hard
my mom gets me to do things by offering me baja blast and i'm completely okay with this
I need a puppy. Maybe is be more calm that way idk
I GOT ONE LESS PROBLEM WITHOUT YOUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!
I dont miss being in a relationship i just miss having someone to spend my time with and adventure with
se vienen los spurs campeon, spurs campeon
Dear Oakland friends,\n\nLets hang out right now.\n\nThanks
:D la Mujer del serxy Me Cae Bien
\"Age is just a reminder, and doesn't tell you how young or old minded one is\"
Jones baby!!!!!!!! USA USA USA USA!!!!!Goal GOAL GOAL!!!!
NASH FRICKEN GRIER ANSWER YOUR DMS BOY
Oh for fuck sakes
\"Why, darling, I don't live at all when I'm not with you.\"-Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms
Everyone wants to make memes... but can you at least check your spelling before you post?
Ghana getting cheap
Damn, that's what happens when you don't take care of you aerobic respiration needs
I LOVED his acceptance speech
Never Ghana give you up. Never Ghana let you down. Never Ghana run around and desert you.
If you're happy and confused, and drink a lot of booze, if you're happy and confused, raise your hand.
If you ever snort, i will be dying for 5 minutes
I don't understand how I got a 100 on the English Regents. It makes absolutely no sense, my essay was embarrassing. Seriously.
if there is any sense you can make of these automatic writings, they are yours alone, not mine
It's been exactly 1 year since I saw . Haha you gave Kilmer a bear hug
Mar cheer up &lt;3 all of u cheer up
I looooveeeee kissing
My mom got a email from High Point and the coach said I was a prospect! That's so cool! And they want me to attend their showcase.
bitch I need you like jaws need a raincoat.
My bro would have been 24..
Still in love with the Metalbending police force
i still feel sick from my pf change earlier .com
before you even knew what was going on
wait I'm actually going to be black by 11:31 tomorrow
i never let myself fall for a guy
I discovered caffeine pills this week, so I might have a heart attack by next week, fingers crossed.
\"He shoots with his left,\nhe shoots with his riiight.\nAmerica's Clint Dempsey makes Messi look shite\"
King of Judah boutta be my first tat
I hate the \"let me take a selfie\" song
So disappointed about These Days, he shoulda topped Control System
I hate speaking about the same thing over and over !
I wanna chop off my arms
No three peat here. Congrats to &amp; Spurs. True definition of a team and one of this generation's great sports redemption stories.
I want in n out .. Like now
RFP for billing consultants qui tam resulted in $26M payout from Shands
No its cool just turn the vol up on GoT while i watch basketball and havent seen the new rpisode yet
Town Council votes to cut school budget by $250,000
\"I paid for your movie ticket. We were on a date.\" -
Jesus Christ lol
Brought quintin to school with me n he just sits &amp; giggles like a little girl looking at his laptop. Lol weirdo
Lmaoo bitches be twerking like there're following their dream
she makes me happy and she completes me
You can't even tell the difference between my singing and Beyonce's when she comes on the radio
I might not even come in today
it sucks when you dont talk to nobody ... well not really
Those lays with Chile lemon hit the spot!
Need to find some nigerians in this place pounded yam wud be live right now
The best days are the days you wake up singing!
The radio is a fucking joke ... Either commercial or that god forsaken JT song
you are the universe, expressing itself as a human for a little while.
Nothing quite like that late night SF fog \/ urine cloud.
3am \n\nThe time when I hear the knocks and creaks in the walls and hardwood floors\n\nThe neighbors dog barks\n\nI just heard someone cough
in a thing called love.
Transformers 4 may be the Michael Bayiest movie ever
These things even make ME believe I have a booty.
I won't ever trip over something that ain't mine.
I can hear the wind howling thru the chimney.
There's nothing scarier then getting what you want, cause that's when you really have something to lose.
Only 6 days left then on to new things
Somebody at warped who doesn't suck ass please hangout with me
I was trying to do that reaction face
Idk how I could ever cope again not being able to play volleyball.
This is gonna be a good ass game
News I wrote: foreign affairs memo: amid draconian martial law in , US, UK freeze political , military &amp; trade ties.
Love GAME OF THRONES FINALE.
$116 in tips today.
Having lower back problem ain't no joke 4real
Mirame pa atras ii veras de lo que soy capaz!
wow stop falling down faggot soccer players its not like you're running full speed and someone clips your foot or anything
2 and half hours delayed, seats changed twice, and plane swapped three times. Thanks . Great service.
Lol love that teddy ros guy lol
H.S is over now I'm focusing on graduating from ARC and then Graduating frm University of Hawaii ! Imma Make it BELIEVE THAT !
David Cone, \"looks like a martini glass to me\". What a riot!
Jones saves us from that nervous Breakdown!!!!
BULL. Boye should've been carded
some days i wanna post tweets all insightful and empowering and other days i just wanna tweet about licking butts
Being in complete shambles is more embarrassing when you aren't even hungover. ~pretends to be hungover in the airport~
Let one more of these little campers \"jellyfish\" me lol
FUCK YOU GHANA FUCK YOU.
Wade playing lazy all game ?it is over for Miami .....
First sports, now dance music, what will the retards from boston ruin next!?
I've been somewhat disappointed in the j2 big bangs so far.
Double dose with a toast to you creepy ghosts.
How dare you root against your own country.
All my summer plans have been ruined hahaha I'm so done.
You learn so much about boys being in a barber shop in queens
That picture with Amalia fucked me up but females need to grow up!
I STILL haven't studied for Regents!
I'd love holiday pay if I got it. I don't think I do haha.
I hate nosey parents
My hands are shaky and my knees are weak, I can't seem to stand on my own two feet
Jay-z needs to come kick his ass forreal
and my notifications are full of Christopher that's always fun
Isaiah Whitehead was balling out today
do we need tickets for this Friday Morning show???
9) when the stage 5 clinger made seem like HE was the clinger, but also like he was using her... Hmm...contradicting.
I got my ass beat when I was a kid, and I turned out just fine.
Loving these free tickets to the redsox Yankees game tonight
At the party. Very exciting, disruptive stuff!
right after regents I'm getting back to the gym everyday
Congrats 6th &amp; 8th this AM at US10k Champs. PB's to go along w\/ those honors.
If Germany doesn't win this will be rhe saddest day of my life
I saw a rat on the subway today. But it was in a container. Being carried by a human. Man this city gets weirder everyday...
I got million dollar schemes on my mind nigger
Yes space jam is on my night is made
1) let good thoughts be your sword and shield\n2) ignore adversity\n3) abide by the rules of love\n4) larger than life is just the right size
Great meal at with service from a 1\/2 1\/2 from &amp; splitting the bill with
My professor just texted me saying shel'll be at my site in the AM &amp; to be ready 4 an esophagus oral comp! perks of being in a tough program
Eh, I guess I'll vote for Espaillat.
I thank the man above for giving me such an amazing friend like him.
Idc about you at all like fr
German American Jermaine Jones brought the score to 1-1 against Portugal. Amazing strike!
This should be an interesting night
everything I'm not made me everything I am
Ain't no rest for the wicked
The risk:benefit of treatments giving to my son is hard when he's doing well altho are reason he's doing well
Lot of ways the Flyers could go here, but my instinct tells me they should pick someone good.
you could walk away but you wont find nothin better its whatever i just hope that you remember.
The good thing about half my luggage having consumable items is I don't have to bring all this shit back with me.
I'm so excited to go to the city. I'm beyond excited to see my friends :)
Je met une piece sur le costa rica
A pistons jersey would be raw
siiiiii yo tambien estoy feliz por elloss muakk
After he fixed the satellite on the roof in a thunderstorm....
This weekend is the weekend I finally start watching WEEDS.
Ppl take twitter a little too seriously.
Between and , this episode is almost bearable. Operating word: Almost.
One of my deepest darkest secrets is that I thoroughly enjoy choreographed wedding party dances
It just seems is lacking the killer instinct these days when he is in the lead,is called to task here to help
My mom always gets my cheer sisters the stuff I want her to get me
I'm terrible at this thanks for reminding me
Fam why is this dog still in my house lmao
Yeah I bought it; couldn't resist.
I never want to leave up here... Like ever
Split on the dick ya do a trick ya
Im still sexing my ex chick thats probably why she gon be my next chick
All that love shit is forever I can't love you now but maybe later you know.
And I was scared to live, but then I realized that living can be really cool
do u ever think about how many girls probably screenshot your shit and put it in a group message and just completely slaughter you
Why would you wanna roll weed for a nigga like me girl
Everyone has a Mr. Big that they are always trying to forget
Going to beg my mom to take me.
I think going home n watching netflix is the move for tn.
Why do they all live so far away
Hate not being able to breathe
The hardest part of online shopping is waiting for your clothes to arrive
House Rules: Whenever a leash is attached to the dog's collar you must yell \"DOG ON\" so all occupants are aware.
This half fried cheese melt from Denny's earlier is clutch rn
Don't gain the world &amp; lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold
If kawhi doesn't win finals mvp imma be mad
You ever delete your niggas number like that's gna do you any justice hahah
I KNOW IF I'M HAUNTING YOU YOU MUST BE HAUNTING ME!!!
\": Benzino needs to get some of those African rings to stretch his neck \" \n-Funn_e.
I wish Kevin could be a normal person &amp; take me to half apps. But no, he doesn't like Applebee's.
\"John there's a chew bottle outside\"\nYou know what time it is mom?\n\"I don't have my phone on me\"\nIt's chew thirty
It occurs to me, after tonight's viewing, that there are an awful lot of similarities between Enchanted and the Sound of Music.
This is actually entertaining
How can people just expect to be all happy and lovey when you talk to then after they completely haven't talked to you the whole damn day!!!
I feel like 97% of teachers start their yearbook messages with, \"it was a pleasure getting to know you this year.\"
Stay With Me x Sam Smith &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
There's nothing wrong with starting over. Stop being afraid to hit rock bottom. It only goes upwards from there.
I could live on a boat all summer
all things SOCA right now
Lol that thing was so close from hitting his head
Can you let me know what you think of my updated blog template please?
\": Sometimes silence is just another way to express how angry u are.\"
atta boy Timmy!
someone come get DQ with me
Big fat butt
Yeah you whore I lurk hard
Goalie couldn't even move .. what a shot
All I want is some soup
should I watch the haunted mansion rn
I'm like really never in peoples business...besides my moms lol
Fuckk! Shane O'Neill got a 9.8!!
We see yo opp shxt get hectic
this is why your father isnt in your life
I need some dancing in my life lol
Sometimes I get so high that I forget how to speak English
Awk moment when i realized i was supposed to go to the nail salon w gaby td
