It's sad how not everyone knows how great lil snupe was! Deadass
She's a GLAMAZON. Female phenomenon
France have exceptional quality in all areas. They will win
I'm out of work before 8 on a Friday AND I'm seeing Brand New in 2 weeks.
Being dragged through Owen while Jonathan buys up the store. This is torture.
Watching old boy, it was a good movie until the bad fight scenes.
My mom just called my dog tupac.....
It's insane how much pets can affect your life
Man I've been so lazy today
40 would be nice to but let's be realistic here
What happened she got addicted to twinkies and donuts ?
\"Anna, I think I'm a feminist\"\n\"I know, I noticed.\"
YEAH YEAH YEAH LUNCH WITH LATER
Masih belum decide lagi malam ni nak dinner dekat mana
When D Rose gets back, its a whole new playing field
Everyone tweet why u love so much and ur so proud of him
Jermaine Jones is my nigga
They don't call me \"the best archer in eastern skyrim\" for nothing
Wow every woman who works security at LaGuardia airport is a fucking BITCH.
If I take the heat compression off my eye I get yelled at of o keep it on I'm blind. So this is fun
I'm just gonna sleep for a while cause fuck it I'm pretty sure I hate everyone
This Chem regents is about to test my sanity
all I want for my birthday is a big booty hoe
Me pica la barba y el huevo izquierdo al mismo tiempo.
So what happens if none of the actors want any part of Yahoo's Community?
Just keep on keeping on.
Might be going to Redding instead. I'm not sure yet.
This movie got me fucked up
I'm upset we got rid of Kidd
Wow that is a great way to start off the day wtf
Benzino deserves a good girl. He really has a big heart, he always gets with groupies though.
I wish I could be watching the game today..
Why is your goal to find a \"man\" over the summer. Makes you look desperate!!
I want to be a mermaid
I want Mac and cheese and cupcakes
I'm even getting compliments on my subs. Why thank you
Ppl in this world are so one dimensional. Sex, hoes, cars , clothes . No depth whatsoever.
DEMPSEY MY BOY
Just passed in CT! Didn't have my phone handy to take the pic but it was cool to see the black hawk out front!
i can't find my ipod so when i get home i have to clean my room because my room is a mess and is maybe in a pile of clothes
its 7 oclock and all ive eaten today is a few doritos
Gym is life ? How much do you squat ?
Tired of talking to these females that just want sex. Shit gets boring
I just wanted to do hoodrat stuff wit mah friendz
Neighbors have been playing Marco Polo all fucking day
From crossfit to barrique.. Aren't I a mess
Watching one tree hill makes me question my relationships lol
bs that donovan isn't playing
There's one! We're all tied in Manaus!
Anyway watching the bet awards agian sence i missed some parts yesterday
Who wants to go see 22 Jump St. at 10:40??
I'm starting to realize that the guy I once knew is no longer there. but I can't seem to wrap my head around it.
I hate when I try to make effort with someone and then they just don't make effort back. Like k bye.
Cars without out an Auxiliary cord &lt;
Ven, que yo te deseo-8-
Assumptions ruin so many things
Can I just live at ?
Due to a sick customer at -42 Street, northbound &amp; via local from 42 Street to 72 Street. Please allow additional time.
It amazes me how inconsiderate some people are
Shit I'd leave Miami too if my teammates played like shit when I played my heart out in game five of the NBA Finals
Come and sit on my lap tell me what's up
Don't hit on me for ten minutes then leave the store without buying a watch.
According to my time hop I always spend the forth with
We could even do it tomorrow just bring a bottle of Moscato
Youre contagious .... Touch me baby... Give me whatchaa goooooot
Im So NewYork , Weezy prolly dnt Like me.
Ima sleep like a baby tonight!
do NOT piss me off. That's pretty hard to do cuz I can be passive fuck but lately I'm getting fucking irritated. Don't test the limit
Parker was off the whole game lmao where is this coming out of
*me and tommy get caught by public safety* \"we weren't doing anything bad\"
Hoy juega , hoy juega .
Vh1 music in the morning be clutch
if it ain't making me money, making me better or making me happy, I ain't making time for it
Fuck uc niggaz. They all swear they the shit, lmao fucking faggot ass niggaz. Every single one of y'all
Gonna be rooting for Portugal too, Ronaldo better quit his crying and bitching and put away Ghana for us
And I said, well I got a car, she said, there's something\nAt least it's a start, I said, it's better than nothing
all I can think about are the biscuits in my purse and the fact that my new phone is on its way to me.
if you don't think you are gonna cry during The Fault in Our Stars, you're wrong. wear sunglasses and no makeup
WHAT A HIT SON
I'm part of the Lonely Hearts Club.
Be real with me or don't fuck with me
Call me crazy atleast u call me
Getting paid to watch the world cup hahaha
At 4:49 am after driving for 7 hours and being exhausted, and now working a double then a week more of 12 hrs I can declare I am an idiot.
Just a girl, sippin a smoothie, waiting alone for
Argentina 2 Bosnia 1. FT
They should have Pink-Cards for flops
Como cuando \"TODO\" no es suficiente.
Weight loss and health are not the same thing
I know that I'm 4 years late... But I just watched the first 3 ep. Of &amp; OMG this ish is crazy!!!
You Say That You're Over Me You Always End Up Under Me...
I'm just too princessy. I can't help it-
Smokin' joint of that Kk!
Kinda wish I was out having fun, also kinda don't care
Nunca vi um hotel sem wi fi, pqp
Y otra noche mas que pasoooooo sin tenerte a mi ladoo
Someone needs to have a big bonfire asap
CLINT DEMPSEY JUST TOOK A SHIT THE SIZE OF A SMALL AFRICAN NATION
To white ppl and NBPoC that do\/want to use the n-word should be asking themselves: why on earth would you want to? but honestly WHY
\"Hey Winsom they still got those things you can attach to your ears to hear music?\"
food to alcohol ratio was all off tonite
That's why you practice your PK's kids!
NOT ALL OF WHEELERS WAS BAD. SOME METS DIDNT SCORE
TEDDY YOURE ALIVE!!!!!!!
2 and 1\/2 more days I can do this
if we haven't talked in months don't try &amp; start a conversation w\/ \"hows the boyfriend?\"\n1. I clearly do not have one\n2. I will not date you
It's cool to like soccer!!!
iDisks Pdiddy do so food coal kaka sock
Hey, I fucked to up again I'll do it again notch
What's the difference between the English national team and a tea bag ? \n\nThe tea bag stays in the cup :D
2-1 let's go usa !
Yooo lol slept practically the entire day
Is it acceptable to eat a cupcake in a jar for breakfast?
Oh mah gah... There's cake too.
Last day of school!! Wear Greeen to support public education!!
\"Scotch and water, hold the scotch\"
Now that we can tweet animated .gifs, when will we get to tweet sound clips? Paid for by the coalition of auditory thinkers
Nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah hey hey hey GOOD BYE.
Why would they open the show like this
Everyone who works at my job loves it to be honest we have fun
As alway say.... QUE VIVAN LAS PUTAS!!!! Salud!!!! O\/
Hahahaha I'm watching a golden retriever eat corn in the cob the proper way duuuuude
lmaoo nah im jkn idk if they're pretending but that would be funny
She will be loved will always be my fav song
And the comeback kids strike again
Crying because it's seriously all over....
Por eso nunca salgo de mi cuarto
Might take a bath in this dorm..
Come on this is our day!!! Let's show what we are made of and take this group of death!!!!!
Probably just gonna sit on my roof and watch fire works
Do you ever think of someone or read a conversation with someome then BAM they like your photo
Never change who you are just because you're afraid of losing them. If they really love you, your imperfections won't matter
He asked if I wanted to go but I feel that he needs to spend time with his family.He doesn't need to be worrying about someone else with him
The father wanted a boy like him, but ended up with three girls. The girls grew up in an environment that pulls masculine energy
Why we cheat? I'll never know\nIs it cause we rap? Heavens no\nLotta niggas rap though, never blow
Ok im dead today like so tired
No better feeling than waking up and being at the beach surrounded by Ls and coronas
Dempsey don't care he will play bleeding fuck all of you
Maybe I'm just old\/conservative, but I really hope they don't abandon the old 5H completely &amp; still keep them somewhat youthful &amp; innocent.
I would kill to have the Porsche up and running
Actions always speak louder than words
Est sycophant's and 's reporting was pathetic.Failed to mention McDaniel got 25,000 more Republican Votes &amp; Lost
Omg I hate when people talk about my past over and over again shut uppp nigga
I didn't sleep that night either.
Ian, why you gotta bring up a clean sheet 14 minutes in?! Jynx much?
Beauty of Islam: The President and the beggar pray under same roof to one God.
Su pantalon loque marca eh otra dimencion:D
I hope someone cuts the breaks from underneath your car
Nigga I ain't come for the beef
Top excuses:\nHe said he loved me\nHe's really a good person\nHe said he'll do it again\nAnd so on and so on
I always look at people who go to coffeeshops late at night and wonder. mostly about their computer battery
I swim but I wish I never learned. Water is too polluted with germs.
I HAVE SAID THIS BEFORE AND ILL SAY IT AGAIN, WHY DO MY FRIENDS FIND ALL MY COUSINS ATTRACTIVE
I need to go to a baseball game.
So wassup. It's friday. Let's turn up.
Ronaldo still my boy tho
if u use the word silly to describe someone u are automatically 100% cute
AND A SAVEEEEEEE BYYYYYYYY LUNDQVIST
Apple reinforces the ideology that there are consumers and producers. There are not, we are all both. Culturally, apple is corrosive
.Ask Chef &amp; ! thank you, gents for cooking up another awesome meal! cc:
And to the ninth we go! Let's go !
Mimi acting like she so bent up about Nikko wanting to make another sex tape U done it once, what's another?
Keep the glock up in a box
Yeezus was straight dookie and I'm the only one who thinks 808s was just good, not amazing or bad
I'm in love with Croatia's coach. HELLO, Niko! ;)
Why did I just match with a Carlos on Tinder... I'm not that into the World Cup
And I just met a vs model, damn I love this city
a thing i always look for in a girl is maturity....
FUCKIN DEMSEY 31 seconds !
No love for the opposition, specifically a cop position. Cause they've never been in our position
Managed 300 miles in my brand new car before the first drink spillage in the back... The first of many no doubt!
Hanging with and tom
I'm Mina and my hobbies include making myself cry watching soldiers return home
Happy birthday austin I miss u my Asian bro and all of our crazy stupid ideas that we've done let's hang out this summer!
Happy 4th ! - off to work but what's good with the night !
SHOULD I CURL OR STRAIGHTEN MY HAIR
Yea just ignore me its ok.
Finally home and I just wanna cuddle up in bed and sleep for a few days
Jhene Aiko looking like a snack though
you're drowning in the water so I offered you my hand.
Viewing my hamster's 2 am wheel sesh as soothing rather than a nuisance
So who wants to volunteer to pick me up from school?
What a goal!! USA!!!
\"He's not really inhouse, he just sits there\"
You gotta go inward to experience the outer space
This Nigga Better Stop Subtweetin Me, Before I Start Taggin Him On Some Ohdee Shit.
but thats because i'm in love with u, cunt
By far the best rap concert I've ever been to my life with such a crazy ass line up and it wasn't even expected
I really should stop drinking so much
This is over
i hear dying through the wall right now
CHALMERS LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO WHAT A CUNT
Who wants to accompany me to Pride on Saturday?!
I still haven't watched the new season of orange is the new black
People only deal with the native Americans nowadays for gambling and cigarettes
Thank You !!! Shutter Island x
Forget what Kelenna said. She definitely loves Ashely more than her husband!
Congraduation to The Class Of 2014 !!!!!!!!!!
July is gonna be a great month
Fascinating to hear what outsiders say they would do to make a product more successful when I ask: How would you change x?
si se puede.
Tink ft Jeremiah.....don't tell nobody\n\nUhhhhh weeeee that is a serious joint!\n\n-u talk to these hoes like u single....\n
BRUH I CANT TAKE FOBS SERIOUSLY LIKE I DO ACCENTS LIKE THAT TO BE FUNNY BUT THESE NIGGAS SERIOUS AF
Bruce Lee is how I kick it
JURGEN YOU LOOK MAD STUPID RIGHT NOW
A$AP @ scHoolboy Q
The toughest experiences in life are sometimes the greatest things in life
Ever go through your Instagram and realize all your captions are awful
WHO WANTS TO JOIN THE MARINES. Hmu
today someone told me giving hickeys is a high school thing.. idgaf that's my shit lol.
PSA: There are ~six bags of cocaine on the steps of the Bedford avenue L stop, no idea why, but, yeah.
Proud to be a part of this historic budget shepherded in by two powerful women collaborative,responsible.
Wild for the night is one of the best songs always
why the hell you send me the same snaps you put in your story ?!
This is the most miserable karaoke I've ever seen but yet, it's entertaining...
there was an easier way to get out of that treehouse I almost died on the way there omg
Lets talk about side niggas\/bitches shall we
Lebron is crying on the inside.
Welp, time to start working on the line up.
Who are we marinating on. She better pop
It's funny how you look back at things and you see yourself when you're happy and enjoyed what you were doing.
WHAT A GOAL
Every time I have to been up at 5:30 to get ready for work I never seen to go to bed till after midnight
Bout to take a trip into my mind brb.
Not gonna be working at AMC very long. Gonna kill this half retarded troll looking motherfucker.
How did make it this far? So terrible.
Yeah I eat all day its mostly chicken vegetables and rice or some recipe I made with protein.So shut your mouth and go sit on your couch.
Johnny Damon is here at but he's not letting go of one day playing again. Says he's still not officially retired.
When Art was kissing my belly tonight the baby was kicking the spot he was kissing. Lol so cute...I think.
If KeKe turn sideways I can see her vagina I swear!
there's certain guys who look good with facial hair &amp; certain guys who look good with long hair &amp; certain guys who look good with piercings.
you'll lose your mind trying to understand mine that's why I'll never let anyone in
*throws flower petals at you* be my friend
create in us a love for Your Word. Renew in us a hunger for . Remove distractions and restore focus on
Too bad you should be mine
pls stop texting my phone with some bullshit, I'm not widdit.
If I'm Beasley I'm shooting EVERY time I touch the rock..
All i want in life is to swim with a sea turtle
Porque mierda tiene que ser dificil esto!? U.U
if you on twitter right now you single, cause a girlfriend who know how to stay outta trouble gets off social networks when her nigga sleep,
Fam gettin me tight all this Yellin IMA kick Niggas out
22 Jump street
I don't care about my birthday, yeah I'm a princess - I know. But all I care about is getting a face cake.
my self esteem is shit at this point.
So weird to be working right now
I need to go to the mall tomorrow !!!!
I wish I could sleep like normal person, it'll save a lot of my late night heart aches
My emotions are all over the place, this game is huge in Colombian history
Them niggas be swaggy with the penalty kicks
how juss seeing someone at red box n then approving there friend request on fb n guess what now i have a awesome friend
I kinda wanna move outa Bakersfield
U.S. FINALLY MADE A GOAL
alone is the best way to be sometimes
Crazy delay. Taxied out, got caught in runway traffic, got a new flight plan, taxied back to the gate to get more fuel. Take off 3 hrs later
Guess ill have to scrunch my hair td
OMGG THE SPURS ARE GONNA WIN THE FIFA WORLD CUP
ELO's \"Mr. Blue Sky\"--my (post-run) anthem.
Biden the US president
CHRIS ROCK HAS NOOOOO FILTERRRR OH MYGOD
Life is so much more beautiful if you're good on the inside
Nunca mas me contesto la negra
And we are in the money 15 left. In 3rd with 100k @ 1k\/2k
\": me trying to do math is like me trying to lose weight, it just doesnt work out\"
but I don't see no damn cable guy and I'm tired as fuck .
Girls would've been like \"ommgg touchdown Dempsey\"
Can't call Frieri for Grilli a win or a loss for either side. Maybe \"blown save\" is most accurate.
Need to make better choices in life
I stay wanting to blend things in the blender but it's so loud
This episode of is going to leave me wrecked, isn't it?
I cant wait for lbi and wildwood in july aghhh
7 thousand on tickets or 7 thousand on a car?
One two step alwaayyss makes me wanna dance
You're annoying, I don't know why I'm even talking to you again.
My legs are dead from practice
Who you settling for, who better for you then the boy huh??
I have an obsession for youtubers oh
While I'm violating u a pretender u caught amnesia u dont rememberrr
I don't wish death on em I just reflect on em
How you pass a drug test on a week notice???
Just casually started choking in front of whole family
And NOW Miss Thang is pretending like everyone else is in a bad mood. She's the one complaining and muttering under her breath
Scott shoulda kissed your GIRLFRIEND KIRA
USA up 1 - 0, one minute in
Once reaching a agent at the airport ticket counter, I was asked to step aside. What's the point?
Still mad I left my Man U winter jacket at Binghampton
Ronaldo is a pussy
how can people be so fucking rude
Lol Brooklyn still Brooklyn just with more hipsters
CLINT MOTHERFUCKING DEMPSEY
10 bricks in the mail \nI'ma need that bail
If I don't post a pic of me and my dad on social media does that mean I don't love him?
MOM SAYS SHE IS TAKING ME TO THE DOCTORS FOR MEDICATION BUT SHE SABOTAGED ME AND IM GETTING A SHOT AND BLOOD DRAWN
Lol @ how you stretch to look at me.
Why does Ghana get the nicer uniform though? lol lol ! =)
cuando me aburro empiezo a hablarle a todo el mundo y a decir pavadas
She's so stupid what the hell were you thinking?
Sia Ronaldo see the shot this jon boi dey score u dey der
I hope the WWE can come up with more entertaining stories after having fired their head writer. Fresh start and all.
4th of July party tonight its gunna be lit
HOT, mugy, Bad infrastucture...but you are beautiful New York and fun to be around :) w\/ sidewalks and people all over the place.Thank you!
Deffinately having Party in the next few weeks
Sir Joe Biden is not our president
Babyyy, I wanna do.. All of.. The thing ya man won't dooo
And only some of them are going to the same high school as me next year :-(
When I'm alone i rather be with you
Like eternal happiness is soo cool because its something to work towards
If you're cool, you could afford to be nice \n
When things go south ppl forget all the good that's happend
No one cares about your Triangl bikini
Say what you want but that sighting at today is the best free commercial ever, I predict record YOY sales tmrw.
i like listenin to diss songs , it just add more heat to them bars idk how to explain it lol
I still say Miz should join Jack Swagger. Both have Hitler Youth haircuts &amp; represent White America.
Messi is such a monster
Not going to lie. Come July 4th I'm going to feel slightly conflicted on whether to wear the American flag or the Colombian Jersey.
Fuck love give me diamonds
WHY FUCKING LIE!?? Bitch, I'll respect you more if u just keep shit real with me! Insulting my intelligence , I WILL NOT fuck with you!
Lookin to settle down but I anit tryna settle ?
The boiz are comin thru, you should too.
If you are looking to Advertise your business or conglomerate in our store email us at Swaggevolution.com
Teen Wolf at 10. It's not like I have anything more important to do or anything.
You light me up inside, like the 4th of July Whenever you're around, I always seem to smile and people ask me how
The Israeli Iron Dome missile defense shield has intercepted two rockets fired from Gaza into the south of the country.
This is double sessions weather...not softball weather.
On a happier note, &amp; have incredibly motivated me to get involved! - and to do my research!
I swear to god it seems like Alex is trying to go to Six Flags for the first time of his life.
Some things are better left unsaid.
trying to be girly for once but that shit might be over
If UX design was just common sense, well-designed things would be common.
Ghana's jerseys are pretty sweet though...
These guys from Ghana aren't messing around
the fact that you say it whenever... makes me smile
Imma find me a boyfriend when im done having fun with my youth years.
Happy birthday tomtom you're the best dog ever xoxoxox
Summer off to a great fucking start !!!!!!!!!
I'll be working on something and all of the sudden Xcode decides to lock up or crash.
Srsly begging the storm gods for a hecka good storm
Something smelled like death. Grace said it was my butt. 5 minutes later shes in the bathroom washing her feet...bc they smelled like death.
Lmao least it worked out for me
Cant remember the last time it rained on the 4th of july..sucks!
Phone on boom out of state. If only...
I don't wanna be disturbed at this point In time
I'm gonna pop that's how full I am
\": He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. - Isaiah 40:29\"
My professor told me to go blow shit up on Fourth of July. Will do.
Fuck having a car in this city
Today is not my day
Life is meant to be lived not controlled
.Si esperamos ver nuestro candidato Elegido por los Colombianos En El Exterior trabajando por nuestras necesidades
I woke up 20 minutes ago and my phones already on 92%
Why did you even bring up something that doesn't concern me? I don't care about your fucking personal life as I don't REALLY.
Wow, I missed the goal..
I was at BJ's today and I saw two of my old cheer teammates and they asked me if I was related to ....
This storm has destroyed SMS Rail Lines and it's employees holy mangosteen
I WANT TO LIVE IN THE BAY OMFG
Eva Green has gone off the deep end.
My dad knows this guy named dick, and he just keeps saying I love dick lololol
Where the party at tonite ??
Get up Natty
I guess their is a reason why all my friends are older.
how the fuck did i forget teen wolf was on i mean
Let's just say I puts in work !
I don't even care if I pass this French final or not
And the people are fucking rude to you
can i have your daughter for the rest of ma life ? \n\nsay yes say yes coz i need to know
Kofi Kingston 13-25 but highlights great reels in ladder matches
Life goes on whether you choose to move on and take chance in the unknown or stay behind locked in the past, thinking of what could've been.
Top 10 feelings in the world is laying in your own bed
\"American Exceptionalism\" is not resting on the laurels of past accomplishments - it is 'forward looking' ( progressive here)
I'm like starting to cry cuz I'm really dumb
We should get Molly from the Netherlands lmao
Niggas get curved everyday you don't see them committing suicide..
at the job.. wat else new?
Cruise control all the way home
Realistically, morelike \"I'm seeing someone but we can be fuck buddies\" : sex :: \"off the record\" : journalism. Wait. Wat?
Usagi is funny
You don't even know what you're doing to me, how much you're fucking me up
Damn, Kieroos dm just changed my night for the better
It's weird seeing Staples regulars outside of work. It's just weird seeing them as normal humans and not crazy office supply maniacs.
waist getting smaller, niggas on instagram like damn i need to call her
A broken ankle though!!!!! Way to go bro!
Can it be 6 o'clock tomorrow already?!
friend called me at 4:55am
I suppose I shoulda known as soon as I hit the road that I shouldve been prepared to pay the tolls.
On our way now to Statue of Liberty :)
CI for Nathan's Hot Dog eating contest despite the drizzle
Or I need a small little puppy, a turtle, something so I won't feel as lonely.
Productive week in England, two great evenings in Paris and now back home in NYC (yes home :-))
Carrying a hula hoop through airport security is pretty hilarious.
Isn't it strange how your ex boyfriend likes your bestfriends brothers ex girlfriend.. yup
Spending time with my mom lol this is rare
\"Is that red wine?\" \"Why yes it is\" \"it's 2pm on a Sunday...\"
SCENES SCENES SCENES. DVON GET THE TABLES!!!!
Boys are done at school but I'm not
like 9pm-5am is my best time period
Somebody stepped on my phone at camp so I'm fucked for a while lol
About to head out to my pind \n
Idk why i even try when you give no effort for our friendship and always make up excuses.
S\/O to my Knicks for that move!
Black girls know how to make it Wiggle Wiggle!!!
I'm really drinking henny at the Chinese spot.
It's not always rainbows and butterflies, it's compromise that moves us along.
I don't have anyone to cookcfor besides myself but I'm gonna do it anyways lol
lmao he wasn't thinkin about her wen he had them hoes in his mansion lol
Domani devo andare assolutamente al rivenditore della odd future
It's do u know where your man or woman are? Not me, I don't have 1; even tho there is some1 out there who I've told I love.
GET THE FUCK IN !!!!!!! DEMPSEY ! 2 1
If you have low self esteem society can really manipulate tf out of you
Am tired aha he came in clutch thanks bro
This first module is scary as fuck.
How does my dad think it's ok to turn off the game at this point?
Watching World War Z. Enjoyable but why is B Pitt only one in his family who is armed? When the zombies come, er'body need to be strapped.
I wanted Costa Rica to win, but Navas was clearly off his line on the saved penalty.
This world is full of millions of battling universes
Celebrating Independence. Happy 4th to you
this geometry final is gonna kill me
I should probably get to bed seeing on how that I have to wake up early tommorrow to go to Sydeny's
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Going to a private, acoustic show tomorrow....
I'm watching France against Germany
ce soir au BET chris brown performera son new morceau avec usher et rick ross
Well than, Manu
My phone is gonna die! Bye Twitter!
People like make me excited to be in my mid 20's.
the only way I can see Brandi is if I come visit her at work
Portugal is a bunch of babies
Does Ronaldo know how to do anything besides be offside
I haven't done anything fun over this break so far
My sunglasses didn't come off even once today
Someone get Demarcus Beasley out of the game YOU FUCKING BLOW
Prolly going on a movie date by myself tomorrow and see like 3 movies I'm too tired tonight
A good artist will always gets the fame they deserve
Waiting to play ghosts but
A little don't worry, be happy..
I am so freaking tired right now
I can't send or receive any texts .. wtf -.-
You don't watch hunger games, you study it
With all this \"Reality\" stuff on TV I'm confused ! I always thought Soap Operas were \"Reality\". !
its funny how everyone is tweeting about the same topic ~ the Weather rn
Really happy with my life and the people in, only forward from here baby
.no, I was a Sheen guy. Until I set my hair on fire. That's a long, but hilarious story.
tenho de me levantar as 8
I wanna stay up for this True Life but it's seriously past my bedtime
That game 6 ! 28 seconds memory ERASED!!!!
Their Two Type Of People In Our FanBase , The Idgaf Ones &amp; The Nice Ones Lol
Cause when you never see the light it's hard to know which one of us is caving
So like back when my hair was basically a helmet and I was a douchebag internet atheist like six years ago? Rocky V's fault.
I wanna go to Beyond Wonderland ! But not with the guys I went to EDC with
I know it is exciting &amp; I'm probably in minority. I hate that a gm is decided this way. Guys kill themselves for 120 min to lose like that!
That nigga did a split
Never get on the swings with tiffany-_-
Really Pandora?!? You're gonna throw a commercial at me for deleting station?!!
I never liked Robin Thicke anyway. And everyone who knows me knows that fact. Smh. He's a cornball right now tho. Smh. Oh well. Love I guess
Wait! America lost and the keeps going? Now I know that soccer is bullshit!
fake friends are the worst
This is the third team that lost!
You aint make no dollar on no corner \nYou brought some chips u couldnt get an Arizona
I was supposed to go home to my \"roommate\" tonight but I decided to stay at my moms for a few days more. Lolol.
That loyalty honesty respect and love you give me everyday don't lose that. Cause that's one thing I can't get from anyone
Paying in coins bc I'm broke
I wanna clone myself so that I could eat like 19 times at the same time
does anyone have 10,000 laying around?
Is anybody going to watch the leftovers tonight?
Someone take me to see 22 jump street please
The way the fog rolls into San Francisco is nuts
do it how i want it, often
I might finally be able to see &amp; meet in two weeks!
For those of you who care I chose Netflix.
Ayyyeee my pitching staff has a 67.50 ERA.. WOOHOO
Pain is nothing more than weakness leaving the body in fitness. Mind over matter and strength will be nothing less than paradise.
Look at me know one brick at a time on the road to get mines
Being tired like always, for no reason.
Well... This inning didn't work out well
Just got myself a free Chipotle quesarito, chips, guac and drink thanks to Cultivate Festival.
I wanna be down with uuu
I AM SO FREAKING EXCITED!Book meeting w\/ AbramsComics arts went GREAT! Proposing a book w\/2CDs,500 limited edition w\/ a 78rpm record in it.
Huh.. Just heard what sounded like an explosion out the window.
Sometimes I'll stay up til like 4AM and remember that I have summer school and then get really depressed, lol
no momento ligando pra minah grande amiga bina
Maybe if we accepted out mistakes we would actually learn from them
all i need is a good conversation and a bottle of aspirin
In need of a new hip in my early 20s is not ok
When Instagram, Twitter and Facebook aren't enough
Tengo una ganas de irme bien lejos de la ciudad el problema es que no hay money.
Okay I'm fucking done beg sick I'm done coughing can I admit myself to the hospital at this hour
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
Lizzy just goes \"bye boyfriend\" as our lover walks up the stairs &amp; the music cuts off so the entire room heard..were tipsy talking
Someone make me a damn sandwich.
Oh damn Safe Haven was intense and oh damn
Let's go Ghana!! Get it done
I have a strong urge to shop right now
Behind every good selfie is approximately 47 nearly identical pictures that didn't make the cut. Happy July 4th everyone.
I can't wait for tomorrow, that feeling can swallow me whole.
Our life is full of Colors I hope this will add more colors to your
I've been listening to G-Eazy for four years &amp; I always knew he would blow up, so I'm not really mad that he's just getting noticed in Ukiah
Dont fuck with we ARE psychological terrorists. So remain on our good side.
Kyle lowkey finished 4 different 300+ page Manga
Going to sleep at 6am everyday is the struggle. Swing shift sucks. Local 39. Fxck U
Lmaooo the wide mouthed close ups of fans are forev my fave
What a goal!!!
LMAOOOO I hate myself
So sweet of Ronaldo ..but I still hate you
I'm not sure if i should be mad the album is better then escape album everytho \"blue gangsta\" my shit
PLEASE 3013 3013 3013
WHAT A GOAL! JONES
Jack Bauer said fuck yo shit Margot Al-Harazi
I'm gonna go ahead and guess that it is atleast 350 degrees in Katie's room
evwn tho he looks like floor from spy kids
It's been decided, my intro song will be \"Wiggle\" lol
Spending some quality time with my old manager and she's helping me with my new position!!
he owes me everything &amp; he knows it.
Wowww okay really? Why do I even try. Every time I get my hopes up, I always end up disappointed -_-
I gotta chill with the bros again before Saturday
Alliance in the first hour.
I don't care what it is, I blame Puig. He is so evil &amp; disgusting he has to have something to do with it.
can't wait till I can drive... I won't have to ask my gay sister for rides
I'd fucking kill malia so fast like wow
Starting lineup for Elmira Kalousdian RF Dixon CF Walker SS Santisteban 1B Bellinger DH Hillson 3B Skerpon 2B Fisher C Patnick LF Oyler P
There was a spider in my tea cup so I calmly put it back in the cabinet and chose a new one because that is how I deal with conflict.
Rewatching weeds was one of the smartest decisions I've made all day
Same shit different day. rangers, lead the way
USA!!! All the way!!!!!
Did Dodgers deal Brian Wilson to Portugal? Whatever the case, he is not closing well in Brazil.
put ya hands in the air
Todays my little 17th cousins bday (;
Love facetiming my parents! Missing them so much now!!
I just figured out why I have barely had the motivation to do work this year which is good but it's such a bad reason it's not even fair.
I've never ever felt this kind of heartbreak. From a friend or a ex girlfriend. Of course it has to be both.
should i FaceTime mya or not?? decisions decisions
took gaga for the first time tonight and 'twas a beautiful experience
This womens so fucken lucky shes not dealing with me SOOO FUCKEN LUCKY.
For the record, I could never hit Kaitlyn.
bucket hat on bitchhhh I'm groovy Q!
I love my life but I still hate you.
I bet your kiss is a soul saver, my favorite flavor, want it now &amp; later.
I don't like that bitch why am I tagged In this shit w\/ her .
These Univision people don't know wtf they're saying
\": I love supportive people &gt;&gt;&gt; like Alec!\"right? haha
I attach songs to people and moments in time.. It's a gift and a curse.
\"It always goes the colored person and then the hottest so Sydney you're out next\" oh thanks?
&amp; I got a fucking sunburn on my back.
LOUD HAPPY NOISE
I care a lot for the boys and their families and the girls and their families; so when you hurt them I'll go ape shitz crazy on your ass!
It's hot, my ear is swollen and bleeding, I have a fucking migraine, I'm uncomfortable, I'm sad, and I'm fucking hungry.
Yoooooooo wtf is up with tn
Wooooooow Vanessa took my champagne away!
my mom hella got me fucked up thooe fr fr
&amp; everything else that makes northern california perfect.
Kevin Hart on Chelsea Lately idk if it can get better
I fuck with DNA but the crowd odee gassing this nigga
I have not been this happy in a while
I didn't sign up for dis
Clearly a certain match I won't mention was the most disappointing thus far, and sure Argentina won but idk why this was basic.
Yes, the Bushwick &gt; Graham left turn is illegal.
The lower level of the bridge bugs me the fuck out
Picks for tonight: cena, Ambrose, Harper and Rowan , paige, Rhodes bros, Layla, and rusov
FUCK I have work in 10 minutes and I'm still in bed lol
My battery dies so fuckkn quick it's mad annoying
The sky is getting rowdy because it knows how great America is
I want to run away with someone tonight.
Tbh I'm not really crazy about food in public or on social media
ridin through the city rollin up sticky bad bitch w me and we both gettin trippy
pull that shit out of u &amp;get that motivation to not give up &amp;not be a quitter no matter how bad u wanna just fall flat on ur face &amp;collapse
I love everyone who came thru last night !!!
Did I forget to mention my flights in 6 hours?
I miss having a room, not cause I care abt privacy I just wanna make a fake jungle
Costa Rica beat Holland 2-1 in penalty kick shootout after 120 minutes of tied 1-1, and then 5-3 won by penalty kick.
when I meet ronnie, I'm literally going to plan a date with him, to Taco Bell.
Gotta be straight forward in life
Follow up as per my 3 am tweet, I still want my hero
iya,ka2 mau ksh.. ksh krtas tpnya :D RT : Kakak nanya\" mau berapa emang mau ngasih..? hahaha\"
I got sunburn and I'm PISSED
My stomach is so obnoxious
Why do I miss you ? You put me through so much bs ? You broke me down . Made me feel like shit .. but yet I still love &amp; would take you back
I want to go back to sleepb&gt;:(
That doesn't look good Altidore
Dude all week I've been hearing pops from like guns and explosions all week in San jose... are we like at war or some shit?
Tuesday we will be with American Insurance in NJ working on strategy and
I seriously in love with def moving six hours to Beverly Hills so we can me neighbors.
Y'all can't be serious putting this on Lebron, he has 31...
So much fog on the way to work.. Woof. Zero visibility
Hey Dylan O'Brian let me sit on your face like damn
\": To go to Beyonce or nah?\" This doesn't even require thought
The greatest champion in WWE history
It's summer! I got my hat on backwards and I'm ready to party!
GOAL!!!!! OFF TO A GREAT START!\n\n\n\nCLINT DEMPSY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\n
I just want my shakes!!! I miss my morning Dutch chocolate isalean shakes Wahhh
I'm confused I thought Mako didn't come.
So happy for the Ticos! They did it for the Coati's! Central America in the quarterfinals!
There's really one thing in this world that makes me happy and that's you
On the run tour July 15th ATL damn I can't wait!!!
That nap did me great ahahaha
Take it home, 'merca.
I hope my mother lets me audition for hairspray because I'm literally Edna turnblad
I wasn't even the whole Nina Simone issue . No respect
Its late i have a final tm morning me and stephr wastesd good
The Starbucks I'm sitting in recharging my phone is playing AA Bondy....
Never forget when she called me Superboy instead of Superman... :( \n
Packed house for author Dave Zirin in speaking about the World Cup debacle in Brazil.
how am I going to work right now.....
Where is ????? I need a collabo!!!!!!!!!
Obama to be first President sued over GOP talking points even hysterical republicans can not articulate
Another Early Workout Tomorrow!!! Track Is Really The Only Thing I Understand Now.
I h8 u all
Ugh i want to surround myself with little kids and babies lmao
I just took the best nap of my life
my mom just told me my talents include drawing, eating, sleeping and twerking
Car dealerships remind me of Muffy's dad from Arthur
Babies love being out here in the backyard.
I want food but we don't have any amazing
No creas mucho, no esperes mucho, no ames mucho, porque ese mucho, puede doler mucho.
Welp USA, we had a good run..
i hope all these tears were worth is. see you in 2 months i guess.
I dont give a fuck if anyone likes me or not. If u hate me thats cool. My haters are irrelevant to me I don't have 2 fit in wit da world
I need to get the fuck outta this
All I wanna know is where to find shorts that aren't high waisted or ripped all over
PSA: Lipliner is a privilege, not a right
That summer school food making me real life feel like a prisoner. \n\nNew slogan:
first Friday I've gotten home before Saturday morning in awhile. Feels weird
Just as I open my laptop to work on my final, my eyes get heavy
\nRemember stay healthy when busy! Plan ahead, pack healthy snacks &amp; get in a yoga class. throughout the day
Why do so many evil temptations have to literally be a block away from our hotel. ?
I'm a do it to you, If you, If you let me
Screaming babies on airplanes are so annoying. Like shut the fuck up and go to sleep it's past ur bedtime...
Haters gonna hate man, if i could walk on water mothafuckas would say it's cuz I can't swim
why ask about the milk fic
Wait um why am i awake at 5:53
It's not one bitch I don't see through so all that -hang it up
Nigeria can win this game! Don't give Pogba &amp; Cabaye space to pass to Benzema. The battle for the MF
I just dont wanna make the drive to san fran gas wise by myself tonight
still remember the day at practice when all the soccer homies were just bumpin it hahaha
en route to cover a fire in the red hill area of rancho cucamonga. multiple structures reportedly invloved. more to come...
im actually lookin' forward to see thee awards .
Trying to control me is the quickest way to get cut off.
Yo amo los tatuajes, pero tremendo asco hacerse uno en la cara, eso es pasarse.
is now in one city at a time.
Naah that's not happening
This restaurant is AMAZING!! all Mac n Cheese all day!!!!!!!
disagreement does NOT mean conflict, difference of opinion also lead to discussion &amp; learning &amp; will broaden your understanding of an issue
Rezbook not working again this is unacceptable. At least the opentable system is working for other restaurant. Rezbook suck
Group chats are fucked because literally no one fucking answers and I'm left talking to myself like an asshole.
7am and is the 5th trending topic. Yes.
Bad ass goal no lie.
Condaliza rice is with Iran. Suzan rice is not with Iran.
Am tried of seeing USA on TV for tomorrow's game damn just bring the game
If you've never talked to someone and you hate them it's 100% jealousy
Gave Hollister a second chance today, I am pleased
Jeremiah 29:11 will be my favorite bible verse alwaysss
Might give away a pair of my kicks on DPA
You're lame, a hypocrite, a liar, and you have your head shoved so far up your ass. But, that's not my fucking problem.
I've always been on I've always been too on
If your gonna forget my birthday... at least give me food :((
Because I honestly DON'T give two fucks.
\"Good Actions Will Strengthen You\" And Inspires Good Actions In Others... Plato
The Foster &amp; Switched At Birth Tonight Ayyyy
Idk man I'm getting better at dealing with rejection, and realizing that I'm no ones ideal so I have to just be content with myself
Really really sucks bad that I have to be at work tomorrow instead of being on the couch watching the soccer game.
Saddened that im going to work right now and my teams playing and im gunna miss it but regardless win or lose we played amazing
It kind of scares me to know that there are 7th grade girls out there who do their makeup better then me.. actually like all 7th grade girls
No different from them other niggas who be claimin that they love you just to get up in them drawers..
SIKE NIGGGGGA ! money &gt; you
It's cute seeing all these couples being couply and stuffs.
Teddy Roosevelt vis player in the stands at the !!! How can Los Estados Unifos lose!
CLG! Been away from the LoL scene for a minute, but good to see them in dominating fashion!
This is one of those nights where I have no filter and say whatever the fuck I want biotch.
Does it really revolve on being hurt?? thinking
she never gave a fuck cause she just never wanted to see you with me . eh she probably only liked you .
One of my favorite guests brought me pizza :)
I'm just gonna ask my mom rn if we can get my M5 this week or nah
SUCK ON THAT ONE RONALDO
When I think about my car it just pisses me df off
Ever wish that you can bump into one of your followers?
Finally! I have come back to Santa Clara, CA!
omfg Ariana is in new york i gotta meet her
If you want it , think engagement during design. Grt mtg today w a dev team in cooking\/food space. Now onto interface sketches
Dear Chemistry, it's been a long year so I have a lot to get off my chest....\n\nfuck you.\n\nSincerely Patrick
: Turns out, if you don't eat it for a few months, cheese accidentally put on your burrito tastes absolutely awful.
Im really trying not to stress but this shit is sooo irritating
messi makin them trip eachother
My fake ass bd being a daddy to someone else's kid
Did Ghana like not know the game had started what was that
por and para will confuse me FOREVER ughhh
Whaat got me was your personality, your looks were just a bonus.
Seriously, if you Google the definition of fossil fuel subsidy, they give our definition as the default! How cool is that?
What will usa be without HOWARD?
A big part of me just wants to be a porn star
Abs really make a difference.
. I hope London Breed has the nudie boys on her float like last year!!
My best athletic trick is sprinting down the stairs and turning off the house alarm before it gets rerouted to the police.
Up where they walk, up where they run..
funny as in pretty dumb
Got the S license in Burnout Paradise. I think I'm done for a bit.
My twitter really be following and unfollowing on it's own
Send Nick home - I like the other guys
Hate getting all this fucking attention from the wrong fucking people
This kind of stuff should not be happening....something is the matter with me.
Manu circa early 2000s
Even though its against the yankees much love for putting on a show tn up in toronto
Melo been talking to FBG Duck he said he going to Chiraq
I have less than 11 days to pay that bill. Idk how I'm gonna pay that off
you ain't gonna catch me with them sneak pictures
My last thought while watching Speed is this: , you are Sandra Bullock.
Shout out to that stranger too , she callin people ugly ahah
Nothing's better than a grilled chicken wrap at this time
If y'all can quit texting and calling my old phone, that'd be great...it's my moms now and she doesn't know I'm a drug dealer so chill damn.
I hate morning people
Learned how I should be truly treated as a women
It's a great day to be an American and hate the Heat
That was real
Lol one thing philly is good for is booing people. Bettman deserves it
I have no idea what to do for my Birthday
Yo I would not mind waking up to Tim Howard every day, for the rest of my life. He. Is. Beautiful.
Going to the gym with about 8 cheez it's in my stomach. Pray for me
fuck when i fell asleep i missed teen wolf kms
selling ya'll little bit of drugs.
For the first time in a long time I was able to pay all of my bills on time and have money left over
i feel sassy when i wear a high ponytail
If this World Cup has proven anything thus far it's that CONCACAF should be taken more seriously.
A fuera.Suarez..si es un mal ejemplo...pobre Ramos esta q sufre
ray is the only person to actually understand me
I just ate like a whole package of saltine crackers.
My back is boutta have a xmas tree by the end of summer
well you alway ignore that shit anyways
I got 99 problems and a Fob ain't one
Let me stop before it's RIP to my mentions
THIS! FOLLOW ME &amp; EVERYONE ELSE THAT RETWEETS THIS FOR 50+ FOLLOWERS FAST!
Searching for meaning in the approval of others shackles your life potential and limits us as humans.
Alicia Fox having too much fun with Steph
ate bread last night and i haven't really recovered.
Last two tweets compliments of Zach Proulx
set off on a journey, searching for treasures in your soul.
Taking off your iPhone case and feeling like you're holding a newborn baby
But everydays rough when you on the grind
You need a guy who will give you the world any which way you want it.
Why would I let you best me down?
Already pretty excited for the little league World Series.
Let me just say it again
Smells like the only nirvana song you know
the fastest hour on tv
\"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened\"
Movie started and the lights are still on... This is a good sign
You literally make me sick to my stomach. What a shitty human being you are
But like I still want Sonny Milano
Wracked with guilt. I gave someone wrong directions on the subway (after helping with her luggage). I hope she figures it out!
Holy. George. Washington.
JUST KNOW THAT I KNOW THAT I KNOW
Can't wait for this night to be over, one more day closer to being a few days away
He only luv his daughter tho?!?
Why can't you be on time when I need you to be ?
What a great day with and her parents. Extremely blessed and thankful!
Am I the only one who is totally and completely jealous that got to SING AT THE GMAs?!?!?!
I don't think I've ever been this excited for the last day of school
Happy birthday qt I hate you :)
Why you look like you going Macys girl you at the Awards....You probably wasn't invited to the show huh
I wouldnt mind being ur friend again but u hate me
While the rest of the country is having fun today, I'm working 2 jobs. Happy 4th?
FACT: Women are now the primary\/co-breadwinner in nearly two-thirds of American families.
Wtf is good with snapchat having spam snaps ? Hella confused it's pretty weird but quite entertaining
Gilles Simon def. Konstantin Kravchuk 6-2, 7-6, 7-5 in the 1st round of .
You know exactly how to ruin my mood
My dad just came into ihop wearing his Scotland shirt because he knows I'm having a bad day and wants to cheer me up.He's honestly the best
Somebody tell me why my pulse is 111 ? I'm taking my meds...
Barcelona got my sleep schedule all sorts of fucked up
Sitting here drinking my tea and listening to the soundtrack of Anna Karenina while reading a novel, I soberly realize I have class tomorrow
4 floors complete 360 of forever 21
Just dropped kid with grandparents until Friday.
100% chance of rain today. Not even 90%.
I'm the only one to get the job done!!!
Id swollen my blood before my pride
Looks like Beyonce's recycling that European set list for the \"On The Run\" tour... Surprised? Hardly. Will I go? Perhaps.
Idk why im still awake when i gotta wake up at 5 just to go to practice ima be tired as hell .
Trying to explain to paulina what it means to run a train on someone
Three more days .. I can do this
Why is Lebron in the bench???
Does anybody else get the Starbucks text messages?..a bald eagle just ran across my screen in a Fourth of July outfit
Guys we better get the 120 star tun. I wanna see that sheit.
my phone auto corrects the dumbest things ever
It would have been a better main even if all the guys that got a release fought in a battle royal to get their job back.
Girl you know Iiiiiiiii iiiiiii iiiiiiii\nGirl you know iiiiiiiii iiiiiii iiiiiii
Can't tell if I'm happy or mad to be home.
Land of the Lost and a super burrito&gt;&gt;&gt;
who wants to be the oni with me for Halloween?
Fuck the beach security's lil bitch policies
Mtv is really making a show cAlled virgin territory. Sucks to be them
I found out today that my they put me with the 13 year olds in senior village and I thought about my 13th summer and SCREAMED
Delicious new breakfast: greek yogurt, honey, strawberries, and fresh mint.
Staying up past 3 has become so normal for me
Wheels up back to the ATL. Always fun playing with . Thanks for letting me crash. Happy 4th all!
Anytime we miss school and something happen... The fact I had a free day and dutty berry decided to show up when I wasn't there
Damn why you taking 3s?
The worst feeling is being too afraid to say something
So glad the giants stopped the losing and Timmy with the no hitter is just gravy!
I guess it's just me that can't get the mentality of not caring about someone I love ....
successful models if u can even call them that will be ones that can simulate being wild.. it will always be a sad little project
Current status: leasee of two apartments. Next task: bribe someone to move me.
USA WORLD CUP LETS GO 1-0
Wishing it was cool to run errands in a bathing suit
YOU VANNKT SING BELIEVE ME WITHOUT DRIZZY WHAT THE FUCJC
I don't know who the fuck Mrs. Dash thinks she is but she's definitely not spicing up anyone's life with a little dash.
If miami lose tonight yall gonna be tight?
CHIEF KEEF WITH THE ILL GOAL
your life boy, you need me in it.
Told me that she's two on \/ Ha, that's cute we a few on
...never let messi cut into the middle...remember that.
Yea LeBron I know the feeling your team did not help but thats what happens when you don't have a bench and half the starters are shit.
Game of Thrones.
\": lol u the only one for me tho\" this bitch liiiine
I fall asleep at least 9 times in this 5 hour class
Chemisty multiple choice is a guessing game and then the short answers is in either Hebrew or German not sure
Transformers: Age of Extinction was pure dogshit.
Let's go altidore
That was so sick
Still haven't seen tfios I'm mad about it.
Getting Dunkin for dad. .
My head is about to explode
Theres nothing like blood curling screams at 2am to distract you from paperwork. Oh the joy.
Personally if I can voice a decepticon I don't know what I'd do with myself. Probably cry out of joy.
My first crush was a Hispanic
Do you ever just, wake up early,work out, go back inside, eat horrible food, then sleep
\": S\/o my folks carving their own lane,heads down just grinding.\"
tbh i like school
bruh im boutta move to canada so i can play hockey there and get a scholarship then get drafted :P
Home made chili, beer, and an early gol?! I'm beginning to like the .
Wish Carlo was still here so I could punch that mother fucker in the the face in the name of
Let's see what you got Weathers.
Why does my dog think its ok to eat rocks
The sun needs to go away, I want to sleep
Im 23 years old and not ashamed to say that right now I really need my mom
I want to go to AC
shooting the movie today and setting the scene now. is philip larkin chiflada?
I have 2 pillows covering my head, iPhone with earphones on full blast, and I still hear Keith snoring louder than a freaking atomic bomb...
DEMPSEY STRIKES FIRST!!!!!!
I want to get my fitted hat already
Last day of work till September and bittersweet is the only way to describe it.
My sister watches all three of the transformers movies everyday! You would think she gets tired of itcause I do! GET OUT!
I kept checking the pantry for food and kept expecting food to apear and it didn't. But just now some cheetos apeared. *.*
Friends who says they'll always be there, first ones gone.
\"So ready for this Chem test.\" Said no one, ever.
ima just post at the park till it gets too cold to b here cuz I don't wanna go home
Siempre es que hay mucho granuja que le gustan las mismas cosas que a uno.
\": \"The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them\" I truly believe that.\" rt
I only say about half of what I'm actually thinking
The spurs just smell it rn and the heat have rolled over they should start celebrating rn
the conservatives decided they didn't like something so they took it away, I don't like them so why can't I take them away?
Need new friends and I need to move and do something productive in my life
LOOKING FOR ALASKA AND PAPER TOWNS i can't handle my emotions
What's the point of following someone if you guys don't finish the job?
The Way My Head Hurtting Meee Errh .
Navas, Ochoa. Es un mundial de arqueros.
I'm actually surprised how it's 9 already and I'm tired
I literally hate my dad's girlfriend... So ugly and classless
done puttin in time and effort for something thats not gonna pay off in the end.
someone please bring me Dino chicken nuggets
Gym flow. Hahaha
Shiiit I thought someone cared and sent me a snap :'(
Hey it's Rare I get to use the word ubiquitous but Gotdamn Bruh. I get my Shot I need your Promo team and Your Team. Ha
He's mad he didn't get sex with all his money he's probably subscribed to redtube gold membership
it just hurts me to see you hurting all the time.
I Been Playing The Block Before Jenga
Rico? Rico es que te tire besitos por voice message
Luki , torito! , que te hicieron
Its a sad day when you finish your favorite perfume
Portugal needs to get in the weight room
Seems like the only way you can see your friends anymore is if your boyfriends friends are dating your friends
I was kinda looking forward to talking tonight
Why are they ignoring Chris Jerichos unification run?!?
How to save a life will always be one of my favorites.
PLEASE SHAWN PLEASE SHAWN
me: \"Ima go on a diet.\"\nme: *eats sandwich,a llama,cookies,cake,and 3 african children*\nme: \"why am I so fat?\"
Picking up my very 1st Vita this week. I have a &amp; I finally want to try out remote play, along with some Vita exclusives!
I don't know why people ask me for advice I'm such a bitch lol
I think there's no greater gift then seein someone you love smile and that smile was because of you... So look for your friend in need
This is the way I live , lil boy still pushin big wheels , I stack my money lay low and chill .
Kate: \"this morning, I rolled over and heard your Star Wars alarm go off and saw you in your Star Wars logo shirt and burst out laughing.\"
Willing to pay big bucks for someone to deliver me dino nuggets bed side
People askin me why I get fucked up for no reason...why y'all gettin sober for no reason?
They got me fucked up misspelling my name on that credit card
Thank you for messing up my name... Guess my name should be Daniel
me and p diddy now accepting bop applications
Need xb1 ts @ me
- yalll fake for not invitin me to yall bonfire, but i miss u bruh
All I see is on my TL what is going on here?
Power going out is my fav thing about life
no matter what mood I'm in listening to music always makes it 10x better
Please slide through nigga please so I can beat you tf up
In need of 2 stroke gas
The Yankee- Rays game tonight is gonna be a good game
I'm saying right now if you wanna date Deanna you better fuckin apply and be willing to be interviewed by me and Jennifer
Wednesday nights with my lovebug are my favorite :)
I AM FREE TO PACK FOR VIDCON YAAAAAAYYYYYY
\": I guess it was easier to walk away than fight for it.\" Guess we all do this at least once a lifetime. &amp;light
In my head I see you all over me
Really starting to regret taking summer classes...
Chill y'all I'm alive I got stranded in sterling city with my friends family lol
Team vs. Team up next!
Not that fun being 18
Just like waiting for it to get dark so I can go to sleep.
Nothing is better than making it home in time to watch the
Is one of those days when I could use the hug of a total stranger.
Holy shit that's gotta be a record goal...45 seconds
\": That shawty that was dancing was bouta break her damn back\"lmaooo stoppp
Mango habanero did me dirty once again
Just listened to the 2014 morale mix on the subway... And couldn't stop smiling. 10% of Manhattan probs thinks I'm crazy.
I have no time for twitter while I'm in cali
I want Taco Bell so bad
Happy birthday to the founding father of \nMr. AL DAVIS!! 3 LOMBARDIS.. YOUR WAY! FUCK THE HATERS!
People can't complain about something but still want to be a part of it
I love people who are able to make time for their boyfriend\/girlfriend AND their friends
I'm suspicious of cars with black windows.
I actually look somewhat Hispanic now
Let me not forget it's a blessing to be healthy, willing and able.
I love hummingbirds. The problem is they remind me of Lord Bailish.
I only watch the games that count
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!! USA!!
three words, eight letters, the most difficult thing to say, but I don't care I love you.
SOS my moms making me take my little bro to great America tomorrow who wants to come with I'll drive
Just add me to the list of gay boys with a weekend bag and a temporary address...
I'd rate that start as strong to very strong
Hell no I'm not tired I don't sleep
DONT. TREAD. ON. ME.
It's a business doing pleasure with you
Glad I'm not the bad guy in his eyes.
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
You know what? I'm fucking done i don't wanna do this anymore. I'm over it all I just don't wanna be around
pumped af that robot chicken is about to come on
Going to sleep. Peace out guys!
For the good of this nation and the good of this world
They could have at least dressed since they knew they were gonna be on Tv
Usa aint nothing to fuck wit
Why are you still messaging me...
there's actually 4 other people besides me in the stands at 's hockey game this time!!!
I'm about to make myself a sandwich because I can't sleep.
I want cookies. I would go to the store but I don't wanna put a shirt on
pretty fucked up if you ask me
acho que meu fc n ta combinando mt mas n quero nem saber, vai ficar assim
My fingernails are lame and ugly.
Let's get real American drunk tonight
DUDE. First Jozy and now Dempsey??? No no no.
Cause I miss her gay ass
I never want to leave this city.
Can't let that nigga get started
Lol alright done being young and reckless for the night
Amazing how networking leads to opportunities.
ouchhhh right in the face!
Why he doing that to these white folks
Who cares more about a \"secret identity\" that matters less: Frankie Grande or Gary Hogeboom?
literally just saw Robbin Williams at the beach
Tattoo Ideas: one for animal crossing and one for dynasty warriors 3
About to watch and live on right now!
Everything hurts but still say...I LIVE FOR THIS SHIT!!!
Kelsey keeps farting so loud what the fuck
Mostly nine but sometimes but baby I swear. I have to like CHECK time oh day or temp
I kinda knew Pharrell had this
Fuck it. I'm going home
Boys are so annoying I wanna be left the fuck alone like bye.
I want some jellies, but everyone in Oakland got them sandels.
Do not try to ruin someone's relationship. That's just cruel.
I'm keeping an open mind...nothing surprises me.....
Just so you know, if you left. I'd probably die. So don't leave. Unless you want me to die that is...
I want an everything bagel with cream cheese and a green tea latte.
Actually losing it.. just walked past Jane Lynch and Zachary Quinto ahhh
I'm going out on a limb and saying Dolph is gonna win
alright time to look for a new job
for every bad bitch out there... there's a nigga somewhere that's sick of her shit
We are bonding
I need to stop gambling
I hope I have a daughter someday so I can put a little pigtail at the very top of her head cause I think that's too freaking cute
He's going to fail that test anyway so idk why he's so concerned about going to sleep
Opah gon come for you
\"Turn around don't drown\" really weather services..?
Holy crap Dempsey
Pmon had bricks before y'all head braces
I want to make my lips look full. But not big.
Sitting in an hour's worth of sit still New Jersey traffic eating an entire strawberry rhubarb pie leave us alone
Kevin has more selfies than I do
Prolly go to the cookout then go to work
Going to one of those muslim student association picnics but I nothing too halal to wear. Oh well
if i shower again will my ugliness wash away
I literally cannot stop listening to . It's an addiction.
I had a very weird series of events happening in my dream last night
I just bought goat simulator just so we could stream it &gt;_&gt;
i wish i had a female friend with benefits
Oh and sunburn but that's not fun
2 boys in Brooklyn just came to my rescue..one of the sweetest things I've ever experienced
My upper lip disappears when I smile
My summer would be official if I go to Toronto for Caribana
I hate going to the mall with my mom &amp; sis
I just worked 730am-10pm and made more than your two week pay check.
Can't find my Believe In Your Selfies beanie???? Like rlly that beanie is life
Lady in the street but a freak in the bed
I need a lot of drinks and a good movie
Dang the sequel to Think Like A Man came out and nobody told me?!?
I just might be in yo hooooooood
Stay-cation from Hell, Day 3: 07:28, Keanu Reeves may be the greatest actor of my lifetime.
bout time Teen Wolf came back.
That moment when your homies is turning up and you gotta be up at 4am... yeah.
Come on Bosnia!!!!
foreign man says to danielle and i \"you girls look hot. you're dressed nice.\" \n\ndanielle responds \"yeah it's hot out but it's cold in here\"
I haven't even been in the same room with Lane and Lacie over two months and they still find a way to give me headaches
How tf do you get -9 people following you?
July is the month
IM JUST SAYIN YOU COULD DO BETTER TELL ME HAVE YOU HEARD THAT LATELY
Sorry I was napping as become a valid excuse for me.
I should never have rewatched all the episodes because I get so attached and I broke my own heart all over again.
No pbb for me na &lt;\/3 that sucks
I had too many hashtags on insta so it deleted all of them and just posted the pic
If virtanen falls to 13 omfg
I saw the most beautiful girl I have ever seen in my life like 30 minutes ago
GOOOAAAAAALLL USA!!! 2-1
LOL 's face! @ Costa! Hahahaha
My boyfriend is sooo amazing. I swear his personality awesome. I love that he takes care of me. Hes more man than anyone ive ever dated.
Me and dom are so dumb lol wtf
This game is so silly; I think I'm going to sleep now.
Definitely need a bagel in my life.
I'm really sick of this how do we make up
I don't even ever remember asking for your opinion, so that's awk
Was it really idk but I'm done with the an
I hate looking like a bum but I'm too lazy to get ready.
Finally going in my walk that I wanted to do before it rained.!(: thank god it stopped.!(:
She a beauty if I ever seen one
in love w Nat Wolff
Pre-Party at . People shouting at each other at the top of their lungs. Everybody having a great time.
Dude this weekend is gon b R
Holy shit , Momma made jambalaya
Apparently there's a type of sunglasses called sluts, but he couldn't have asked her in a creepier way
I liked project on . But I can't watch EVERYTHING live. But spoiler w the pencil was huge &amp; now he's dead to me.
I can't wait for our 10 year high school reunion
In 6th grade I sent a mass text that said \"so who do you think the biggest bitch is in our grade :D\"
I wish I could go to the BET award , it looks so fun
But I have to admit... did good!
As a kid I always wanted a flying Nimbus that goal is still gonna happen THEY ARE REAL OK
Worst mainstage sets...armin and Steve angello...worst sets...armin just be datsik a-trak
Goaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllllllll!!! USA USA USA
I'm cold I wanna go home.
I have the cutest cats tbh
Johannsson is gonna do amazing I can't wait for him to finally show off
oh how i love roger hub :')
I SHOULDNT BE SICK IN SUMMER!!
who the fuck would I be if I let you talk to me like that
Just had to lock up my breaks for 12 raccoons. Twelve. I counted.
I just wanna talk to you all night is that possible?
yes, first med is open today until 3PM.\n\nPlease cease calling to ask.
SHAWNS GONNA BE IN THE CITY
I have watched too much AHS and need someone to come cuddle please come ASAP thanks
I'm so excited to sleep!!!!!! Shoutout to my bed!!!!!!
Wtf was that lol
From practice today: MF Shea probably is out with a lower stomach muscle issue bothering him all season.
I can't wait for The Weeknds song with Ariana Grande to drop.
DEMPSEY IS LITERALLY UNSTOPPABLE. EVEN WITH A BROKEN NOSE. SO PROUD
\"I swallowed my pride and it clawed it's way out of my mouth\"
My ideal draft would be Ekblad, Demko and Clarke. Haven't looked too much into 2nd rounders.
This is really sad
BOY DO YOU LIKE CHEMISTRY BECAUSE I'D PERIODICALLY DO YOU ON A TABLE
Rome wasn't built in a day
YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD , ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS COMING HOME TODAY!!! ARMY STRONG
Do you think you might add a category like \"special-needs\" mom this year?
Did I say ? What I meant was .\n\nThey're creating a market for MORE abortions, not fewer, the morons.
My credit limit was just increased to $5,500... My credit company really trusts me.
Watching Lost Boys on Santa Cruz Beach - love it!
U s of a
So Orphan Black ... that went up a few notches in Season 2. Like, from \"cool new show\" to \"one of the best things on TV right now.\"
GET DEEze GRADUATION PICTURES OUTTA MY DAMN FACE
NYC TOO FUCKING TURNT!!! That shit was better than SoundSet.
Damn I haven't woken up this early in weeks
Cuz its 103 between her and me and only 92 in Daytona.
I really hope I don't have to stop going to school because of this tuition shit
Where's white twitter cuz u ethnics on my TL HAVE THE SAME REACTION lol and watch the same show.
Nothing would be more American than serving breakfast until about 4pm today...\n\nYour move, Ronald.
cody ko is the only person on vine worth talking about
Same time, I wouldn't be surprised to see google drop IMAP\/SMTP client support. No bueno.
So... the BET awards are tonight?
The amount of times I've gotten called neymar today..
i just wanna go home, take a shower and sleep
| I know simply that the sky will last longer than I |
Rain or Shine, I'm at the beach.
\": No matter who you are, no matter what you do, you absolutely, positively do have the power to change. -Bill Phillips\" Amen
\"fav Kanye song\" haaaaaaa that's funny
Some random guy just handed me a pink rose In time square
need 2 take a picture of me wearing a shirt that has a picture of myself, wearing the same shirt and I'll break all of reality
I don't think Nicole should be defending Jessica cause Jessica is a rude person.
I tweet about sport once every four years, so no apologies
The amount of 5SOS fan accounts that follow me is outstanding.
I fucking love Colton! This Nigga straight up
Suspect on the loose on the shoreline. Big manhunt. Details ahead
What a game!!!
But no one will ever know
Rhode island, Pittsburgh, Staten island on the agenda.
china town hood rat!
The World Cup is ruining my social media experience.
I wanna go swimming now!!!
YOU DON'T GET THIS IN NEW YORK
The greatest good in the entire earth is God
STRIKE!!!! goosebumps, \"kick\" ass shot !!!
Kickball tonight, golf tomorrow and yoga on Saturday?! I'm back in full form! Being sick and inactive was not my favorite.
aint got no fucking ride for tomorrow AGAIN
I slightly prefer wines over so they get my support. is for as she prefers cars
Has anyone see pic? Is that a nip slip! Lol
You can keep the Super Bowl, the World Series and the The Finals...give me PK's in the knock out round of the
anyone wanna get on the phone
We need another goal
\": Losing your bestfriend sucks but hey theres others around\"
Power out again !!
Why do people always send game request to me from Facebook it's so annoying
holy fuck yes!!!!
now that has her weave I think we should all be prepared for her selfies
Well looks like the big 3 are only winning 2 championships. Not 6 or 7 like they promised
Guess I picked the wrong Mets Oakland game to go too..tough outing for Wheeler..1 out of 2 from Oakland is ok though.
Holy shit I can't take all the questions anymore
Bitch you don't know the half of it
I guess we will always be rivals... :\/
Your timing is ridiculous!
Transformers has been my favorite movie ever since the first one came out but the new one won't be the same without Shia Labeouf
Them hot Cheetos got my stomach fucked up
People pay a premium for front row tickets and yet often choose to sit in the back row of a classroom.
Fffffffuck!!! The screen on my is fucked!
We know the story, what's new?\nSee I could probably, rush you\nTell you that he should have loved you
IS IT RAINING OUTSIDE WTF I AINT GON CHEKC BUT I KINDA WANNA KNOW
Sleeping sounds cool. Where do I buy it
WHERE THE FUCK BAE AT.
It's all a fix to get Lebron back to Cleveland so he, Kyrie, Embiid and Aquaman can win it next year lol
While on netflix, i didnt notice that i hate corn, icecream, a sandwhich and a muffin.
You know it's love when your boyfriend sends you a birthday card full of naughty haikus.
Yes body, I did want to be up at 6 on my day off.
Okay what is with everyone's obsession with baby elephants
Pena de Lebron Si Estuviera jugando como Wade se lo estuvieran comiendo!
My nigga blasting hot 97 in the bagel store yess nigga
Love who you are, the skin you're in, and the life you live!
I know that we're taking chances. You told me life was a risk. I just have one last question. Will be my heart- or will it be his?
Never would of guessed one little thing could make everything so much easier
I wish I could cuddle with Jacob tonight and watch the fire works.
Ew I can hella feel my wisdom teeth coming in
it's not my birthday call me anyways
There's a guy that's been waiting outside for half an hour for me to open. If you're not getting a phone you're a douchebag and I hate you.
Tamar asked to drive today. y'all think i was ready to die? no.
I always Learn things from these draft express vids
Does that nigga just stand there and hold that up
\"Most rules are recommendations.\" - funny and inspiring talk from on how to talk about and teach creativity.
I honestly am dying to see Kate when I get back
DONT FUCK WITH MURICA
THAT KICK IN THE NOSE
I'm trying to go to SF tomorrow. Hopefully I wake up.
Ref previous tweet for full article\".....The notion that diversity in an early team is important or good is completely wrong.....\"
Beautiful play, beautiful shot, beatiful goal
\"Didn't wanna pull out without looking\"
\"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago, the second best time is now\" Chinese proverb
Can the camera man please show the shots and not lebrons face
It's damn summer twitter ain't suppose to die off till another hour or two
I was hyping everyone up lol
About fucken time Messi!!
Life gives the hardest challenges to the nice people
I get ur night was fun wanna tweet about it again
My ex boyfriend be my next boyfriend
I miss being in kindergarten meeting another kid and instantly playing like best friends. We're all too judgemental and close minded now.
Obsessed with the entire 's line. Why do I not have a backyard? Oh, right.
if we had was real how could you be fine?
Don't tell me how many niggas you have slept with, I can care less as long as I'm your last nigga. Lol.
Can't wait to jerk off to fire works tonight
Sike me and Brandon are not dating
WHO WANTS TO BE MY TWIT BESTIE LIKEEEEE...
Beasly hustling b
bitch talking mad she but wont @ me
PLEASE I LOVE UOU SO MUCH
\"You win some you lose some shit im at a 1-2 record i lost more than i won\"-The appreciation tape
The ONE year I decide not to go.
Of course it's going to be shitty this weekend. I'm going down the shore.
Uk ur bored, when u decide to sit down and read a book called \"the rules of golf\"
Kids would call me the Grand Old Flag because I was so patriotic. Though it wasn't always the 4th &amp; it wasn't always Flag.
I legit can only tolerate with 2 people. I get mad at everyone else
La vida puede ser tan complicada por naturaleza...
I want a street bob so bad
I feel like I live at the sports arena
Can someone be my dad today
Ridiculous amount of people on this train. I want my bed and shower ASAP.
I just wanna sleep beside you
A big part of that is my desire to see Luke Harper and Jack Swagger tear each other apart for 20 minutes.
I will never abandon this jeep
Ya entiendo ;)
I was in on Migos before they became cool.
And a pair of vibram 5 fingers on the overweight homie -_-
Someone want to explain to me how a girl takes a picture literally with her ass pointing to the camera then says \"I'm not a slut\"
En el amor nunca eh sido un experto
Hoping that ma nxggas up in heaven looking down...
im oogz wit the braids lmaoooo dont worry they not staying in long at all
Where the fuck are the tea parties
So what made you think you could take a life and just push it, push it around?
I love chipolte but Moe's will always be better
Why is this asshole clay buchholz still pitching for the Get this prick out of town. He's terrible
Falling in love will change your destiny forever.
We are walking with coffee and people are running with babies. Happy 4th of July
ATCQ is the best station on pandora by far
It would be nice to feel genuinely wanted
Sucker for guys with long hair and scruff.
your vibes are as good as the first sip of ice cold original verve
Today is such a wonderful day! We have the Fourth of July, then we have 4 great teams playing in the quarterfinals of the World Cup!
My family all do fireball shots with me.... Tears of joy haha
- I love her whole vibe
Ran\/walked 3 miles. Big accomplishment for me. This leaf turning over thing is hard...
Let me get this straight. People think Lucroy is the best NL catcher after a great 60+ games?
Everyone should go on their photobucket and twitpic all old flicks tonight
Talkin to Austin bout his hernia surgery and he tellin me bout the IV bein hella painful. Sounds fun
I'm meeting my half aunt next week and she's black and that's so cool and my family is so diverse and awesome!!!
Happy Birthday 20CENT!!!! Have a great day lil bruh bruh and do your thang. Love ya b, stay blessed.
In two days I'll be back in philly
my friends ( , , ) &amp; I drank wine &amp; devised 2 new plays tonight... \n\nWHAT'D YOU DO!?!?\n\n(I bet not that)
s\/o to people who don't burn rice
i feel like everybody is just coming into my life all at once &amp; all i want to do is just fuck with 1 person.
no rain would make this whole outside walking shit more enjoyable
Just gonna place my bronzer on the bathroom counter so that Sean thinks that's where today's tan came from.
It's easier to die then to try to fall asleep
Ima be at the carnival all day. Don't ask me where though.
Interest is shown in EFFORT.. Talk is supported by ACTIONS.. Trust is earned through CONSISTENCY..
Having all my little cousins over makes me not want kids till I'm like 35
\"Doesn't it suck when you're on your way to fuck someone's bitch and they slam the door on your face?\"
Old Server is gone be up, but what is the old server????
\"This generation sucks\" \"I hate my generation\" \"I dont wanna be in this generation\"\n\nI'll be glad to help u meet your maker, yo uptight ass
Finally caught up w\/ some sleep!
It appears The Boy has ordered dinner delivery on my phone. Interested to see what turns up.\n\n*goes and activates pass code lock*
The invention of the ship was also the invention of the shipwreck.
70th: May get to do my first ever BBQ. Planning.
Tasty tasty tasty tasty I got the juice I got the juice
Damn looks like I'm sleeping w the light on cus I'm too comfy rn lol
Nothing beats falling asleep to the sound of rain
The newer shows on Disney got me weak mann
I think I just accidentally watched an entire season of this show wtf
San Jose, what do you have in store for me tonight?
Just got the 's new album gotta support
Thats two modded lobbies FUCK YOU GAMES SUCK
Why did it take me so long to start watching Nashville??
that story i just told was life changing
Wow caits header is so lovely of me
I keep being taken advantage of for my kindness. Fuck off. No more.
I can no longer @ Austin since he deleted twitter =(
Howard and Jones the only real niggas I like on the squad
Ready for the show! !
A 3 mile walk in the rain with
Not sure if Nicholas is alive or.....
I seriously might become a addict. These shoes are amazing!
And y'all be coo ...I got a flight to Miami to catch in 4hrs. Which means I gotta be up on the train in 2.
I mean yay for john green but boo for all of the people who are going to read the book now
Hate when niggas owe me money
I believe that we will win!
Trina is trying super hard to get this splinter out of my foot &amp; it wont. Im going to cry.
Joey chestnut just purposed...... What an idiot
Okay so it is pretty bad
My moms friend just made me take a shot of tequila in front of my mom
We call it quits! Squash that shit! congrats!!
The place every Hispanic goes to after every special occasion. Pio pio
Thank god he still missing shot
Glad I don't have to stay the entire game and get some chill time
\": we In Vegas an Cali Friday to 7\/6 my nigga ... Hit me if u fly out\" (Im out that way soon bra. Be safe)
After prom bus is ab to be lit tm
USA CHANTS ARE MY SHIT
I want one of those comfortable relationships like old ppl but guess I gotta be old for that lol
Really wanna go on vacation this summer
No fuckin way
So how come no one's brought up the topic of pee-bending in three seasons?
polque soy sencilla xD Naaa Primero muerta que sencilla B|
Most beautiful game in ze world
\": LOL. Yep.\" Vickie about to get fired for coffee ?
Wwe should have a swagger vs lesnar match where neither one is allowed to talk
The last 20 min of was sponsored by BandAid. The next 20 will be sponsored by Mommy's Kisses.
Dempsey made USA supporters forget Donovan real quick lmao
If you can't find a path, create one!
Klinsmann for Coach of the Year!!!!!
Like seriously they are that close to my area and I live on the not so ghetto area
Netflix update look like the damn incredibles ap lol
I hope that's a Lebron cramp
Half the stuff I tell my cousin I wouldn't even tell my closest friends lmao
All these white girls and there fish make me want to shoot them
Dempsey just got FUCKED
I don't even know what to wear tonight tho .
This can't be happening to me right now.
At this very time 3 years ago the most important woman in my life went off with the good lord. Still really hard to believe it till this day
I dub this summer .... Operation Shit Show ... Next six weeks will hopefully go by really fast
\": ima say what I want.. really dgaf how you feel about it.\"
Happiness is finding out the gift card you forgot was in in your wallet has $50 on it
I've done it enough times in this town you'll be fine
I need something good to watch on Netflix
Tried to be patient, waited too long
Can't believe another season of GOT is over. What an incredible show.
I betchya my blood pressure will go down when I quit this job
Black gospel churches look so fun
I kind of want to go take off my braces for my senior portrait but what if I'm those people that look ugly without braces
Dennis Rodman was a member of NWO Mike Tyson was a member of D Generation X I miss the 90s
Keep your head up, keep your love\n
just so over everything this week already
Just lost my shit. So sexy.
I really have to be up n 2hrs I should at least take a nap
This Spurs-Heat game doe!
To wear sunglasses today or not? Hmmm tricky question
I used to stay chewing Lebron's lightning lemonade bubblegum
17. Mentally, what is your ideal partner like?
Ok now young lady I forgot her name already but I hear you
I forgot my hoes wouldn't want me to be cuffed... Nvm lmao
And these crusty ass Mr Krab looking ass girls DM me on IG
Jerry Kraus asks Melo: Come playoff time, we can't afford your airless routine where you fail to shoulder so much responsibility.
You've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes.
There is a fine line between clever and not
An 11 and 10 year old guessed my age to be 15 and 17 today...
What I overhear my mom asking my brother: \"CJ, would you be mad if I had named you Greg?\"
I want a bf damn it. All I see is fuckery round here
&amp; if you don't know, now you know
My heart breaks a little more every time I talk to and I realize how long it will be until we see each other again. :(
Yump you did hurt my feelings.
Bet heat fans gonna burn there jerseys after this game
KAI IS A FUCKING SAVAGE! I love this kid
When you like someone's picture and they hit you on some \"hey wassup\" shit. Uhhhh no, I just liked your pic. Chilll
Multiple outdoors @ for , E 66th &amp; 5th, beggining 11 AM till 1:40. E 67th or E 69th , 1:40-5 pm.
Zendaya starting the Aaliyah style already....
NYC men, no matter how hard you try to play your silly games, I'm not joining in because it's simply NOT fun. Too precious for your BS.
el fifo hace 3 horas salio de casa esta re alzado por ahi con alguna perra
my feet burned off :-( its to hot.
This opening section is fantastic. Stephanie and Triple H are so good right now. I'm loving everything about this.
No matter how old I get, I will never be able to pass the Tuckahoe Inn without bursting into a fit of giggles
I'm just saying I'm personally not a fan of douche bags that drive huge trucks
\"I'm playing I Spy and I'm fucking losing.\"\n-Alex Hall
Sitting in koreys kitchen alone eating while he's in the other room playing xbox w jaden
Or is is Jamfany
He's going to be big one day, and all of us will be remembering the night he released his first single and it got to number one
Ronaldo is such a mush. Doesn't play any defense and just looks like he always has something to bitch about.
Ugh, got hooked back on . I DIDN'T NEED THIS RIGHT NOW!!! I HAVE STUFF TO DO!!!
Christians get the most scrutiny.. But we never claim to be perfect just saved
Totally pumped for new retainers.... Lmao what is life?
My neighbor yells at her dog \"don't do don't do it..you motherfucker
It's going to be tough. don't have a ton of cap room, and Stralman is going to get a deal...
I don't knownwell enough to participate in this format so boobs.
And on my hate list for the night: people who guck up my plans.
Me and amone trynna make moves tn . Hit us
Fuck a broken nose
body language is all she tryna speak
My night is about to start
It's 2am and someone is blaring turn down for what in the street outside our window GO TO BED
So pleased w\/\nEverything that\nI'll forgo o.d.ing\nOn gummy vitamins\nWonderful as they are\nRefrigerated or warm\nAnd not have my\nStomach pumped
What's a King without an Army?
we're seniors. holy shit.
Does anyone remember the That 70's Show episode with &amp; he played Buddy Morgan
Dawg, that was a rocket
You ain't that nigga you say you is
We can't even talk girrrrl we don't even kiiiis
I just realized my family is totally opposite stereotypes cuz today we had stake... Mom cooked it and Dad cleaned up the mess, WAY TO GO!
I been working hard and I'm starting to see great progress
Hey Arnold is on oh boy
If you know me, you'll know I am very patriotic when it comes to the 4th of July.
It would start raining while im in the hot tub :D
Australia only fasts for 7 hours, that's not even fasting.
My lamp be like \"I get hot when you turn me on.\"
One of my customers at work was a white guy with a Nabisco polo shirt...... does that make him a real cracker?
Espi: I just got heart freeze...it's like a brain freeze, but with your heart. ? oficecream
And fighting for you is what will make me happy
Killing me i cant watch the draft right now! Pick some good ones, Devils!!!
Why do guys always call some of these girls on instagram and twitter smart?
He's confusing \": I'm only watching for Bo Dallas to see if he'll ever do a complete 180 character\/heel change...\"
Just woke up still at Connors house. Wut. But my phone was plugged in &amp; I was comfy in a bed.
I feel like there's the Muhammad and Fabian team and then there's me...
Free cappuccino for an early work day? I'll take it.
this is really fucking bullshit I'm not doing this.
16 candles speeches aka hardest thing I've ever done...
I cried during above and beyond bro most touching moment I ever experienced everyone was one
So happy to be in chipotle rn
This bitch Mmoni Mo never charges his dam phone
I had a really good time tonight chilling and working on our cars with
hoy me siento contento me voy pa la calle hoy se va veve.
&amp; we're reasons for team success against Anybody who knows anything about Soccer would've saw that
Pistons gotta trade Josh Smith for a lottery pick asap
i hate cyclists. get the hell out of the middle of the road with your goddamn hand signals THOSE MEAN NOTHING TO ME I AM IN A CAR
Horoscopes are so ridiculously on point sometimes like daaaaamn
when's the last time waka flaka had a hit
*hands start shaking due to anger*
Driving at 6 am to take to the Bart was not something to do with a hangover.
This house is safe and warm, but I was born to chase the storm.
This is so perfect laying on the beach with Tim at night watching the sunset
I wanna go to the moviesss.
Currently updating ALL my battle net games. I REPEAT! ALLLLLLL BATTLENET GAMES (:&lt;
Good night everyone this pain is just getting BLAHHHHHH need to try to rest
According to the children of today.
my new avi is to remind myself how happy I really am that summer is here whenever I'm about to bitch that it's too damnnn hot
Please don't ask me if Luke's going to get drafted... I'm not an NHL GM... I don't know and either way kids gonna be fine so I don't care.
you wear army fatigue cargo pants &amp; obey shirts
I lyke vacations to the upper side of tha fucken world
I just told someone I don't like people to have friends. Lmfao.
Flyers need to take kapanan's kid here with their draft pick..would be a great story to have both of them play in Philly
My first pit was for neck deep. \n\n
I wish you could see yourself through my eyes, then you'd really see &amp; understand.
Fulham have just been robbed if they're paying 10m
Good Morning Lovers! Anyone else's Twitter acting up? My notifications aren't showing up
Huskies are the best dogs. Ever.
I wish I had someone to talk to
I love my podcast, but 's 'Strangers' podcast episode 'the long shadow' is the standard by which all podcasts should be measured.
The fact that I can never remember your name should be a strong indicator that I'm not interested.
That was too meady
in effect.... cant wait til friday!!!
I just can't with girls that kiss other girls for attention
I've never lost my self control but I'm just drunk enoughhhh
Oh my god we're back again.
Call me princess and I swear I'll smack you
I just feel left out cause i dont speak spanish
What I wouldn't give for a episode in season 5 written by Charlie Kaufman starring
At Dolores: pizza guy and cold beer\/water guy discussing joining forces and starting a tree-cutting business.
I got cheez it's, nutter butters, knott's and ritz lol
Any good kik usernames\/ ideas?
Drunk &amp; high with nothing to do
A minute of silence to remember the sad truth that bower still exists and people are using it.
this nigga caking it mid-cut lmao
Bout to walk around with crocs and lee dungarees and bag bitches
Dempsy I hate you but your a god amoungst men
listen bitch u mine
Rick Ross is a liar but u can't say he wack thou
I want you but I dont need you
The only person I like to hear snore is Travelle
I'm soooooooooo hungry nd Christian is lagging on the food!
Whatever thou I know I was telling the truth .
I would never think Manu could do tht lmao
Wendy Davis has tweeted that it's the one-year anniversary of her filibuster 794 times today.
Day 4 with no voice. And coaching.
\": Don't let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.\"
hay si hay si ya no quieren llevar a ver bajo la misma estrella porque ya la vi 3 veces -.-
How do u say stfu in the nicest way possible
Pretty sure coffee makes me exhausted rather than awake
going to the gym with my girl in an hour , ill take a selfie with her just because all of our pics are on her phone not mine lmaoo
This season got crazy right quick.
Words cannot describe my hatred for the poor service the provides on the C line....30 fuckin minutes and counting
The own goal was the decider. Sucks to see but now the focus goes to GOT
It should have started counting down
I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down down down as the flames went higher &amp; it burns burns burns the ring of fire the ring of fire
If this games as a draw ima be laughing lol
Damn, scored quicker than I can write my first tweet of the game
So hot working out it's been to long lol
abs spotted in the wild whilst trying on clothes at Wastelands. celebrating with pastries.
Maybe because I'm a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
I NEED TO GO GET ME ANOTHER WATCH
I just wanna ride in my ride with my top down and smoke weed with my niggas
They didnt stop till 4 in the morning
LA has the worst traffic ever.
It's only been two weeks and yet it seems like so much longer
Geff misses me
People make mistakes man it's human nature.
Short girls never shut up about their height omg
I got one of our bucket list goals crossed off bitches
They really need to stop playing!! I want my grades.. POST THEM.
Like is she the only person I'm following or what the fuck
I would love to see someone from Taco Bell hand me a to go bag that looks like the ones they show in commercials.They don't even have them!!
it would mean a lot if you didn't hate me..but ya know. my luck.
Clint Dempsey bleeding . Get the Yankees helmets. .
Life passes by so fast. Whatever makes you happy, that's what you should do.
They just called Joe Biden the President...
Women = selfish
&amp; I worry that I care too much
I can't describe how badly I want to break your teeth
She's hella smart I know she understands she just likes to touch my stuff lol
I hate people who get mad at others for \"copying\" them. Niggas like that get me tight.
I CANNOT WATCH FILM WITHOUT SUBTITLES.
Tyler wants frickin ghana to win. Wtf
Can't wait to go to Atlanta in July!
is it possible to own too many pairs of black shoes
I didn't text anyone back and i'm on twitter. oh well.
My dad just asked \"do you want to listen to your soccer?\" That's his way of saying I have failed him as a son.
Dehydrating fruit is my new hobby.
got a candle for my room today that smells like campfire so life just became worth living
Descubrir que aqui tambien hay idiotas que dicen lo de juernes, \"thriday\"...
DeManded Yedlin coming in! This guy absolutely flies! I said he would be a part of the squad, now prove it!
the fact that kids in elementary school have instagrams.............
Ew why the fuck is my mom freaking out
Just saw a pedestrian get hit by a cyclist
Using the word \"already\" too much in my tweets.
Ugh I hate that I like him,why lord.?!?
I jus write music and get fucked up. That's everyday my nigga. On everything .
I'm lucky to be alive right now.
After a 9 hour work shift, come home and am forced to watch carlitos way
Can't sleep!!! Son of a bitch!!!!
Clint Dempsey is my DAD
I'll be right by your side til 3005
I want this match to end so the commentary by Cameron can end.
Monserat conocio el amor con Alejandro... Entiendelo!
Can someone tell me why Caleb went back to Ravenswood and why he couldn't explain himself to Hannah?
OMFG HE GOT KICKED IN THE FACE NOT DEMPSEY ANYONE BUT HIM
Totally forgot about the BET awards, i usually don't watch those things anyway
My goal now is to be able to grow a beard like Jason momoa
Deeply disturbed by the catfish episode but what else is new
...and my lesson plan book is put away and will not be going to work with me tomorrow...:)
I Offer to buy carly designer handbags and jewlrey but instead she just wants food.....
Me and my dads conversations on the phone just be us asking what were doing than curse at eachother than hang up
Chicken pot pies are sex
Just looking forward to breakfast, I want wafflessssss
The fact that people usually never know what's on my mind oddly makes me happy
This rainnn is starting to get rlly scary
Wow cuantas gente q conosco con el bendito Chikungunya
You non Islander people still using the Palm Tree like is there no cure for Tropical Herpes ?
There are colleges giving out athletic scholarships for people who are good at League of Legends.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
The best player to ever play just scored in the most legendary stadium in soccer. It doesn't get any better
C'mon Varela .... Get in Portugal
Really don't wanna go out driving in this weather tn but I made a promise. And I get to see an old friend
I may have just found the hottest girl on earth on instagram wow
A baseball NC poster would look way better than 2010 Women's Bowling. Let's Go Vandy!! 3 more outs
I don't feel like crying to someone who doesn't even care...
Girl, you know you better, watch out, some guys, are only about Thatttt Thannnnnggg
Stop in the name of love before you break my heart
Can't stand the MP's on base they pull you over for any little thing damn rent a cops!
My life has been so confusing lately I have noooo idea how to sort it all out. A sign of some sort would be lovely.
I ain't never had somethin stuck in my head like it's a melody I keep on a hearin, I'm like a broken record
Axl lookin great in that orange (?) leather jacket. Nice!
Just saw a shirt that said \"USA: The World Leader in Everything.\" How ignorant \/\/ what a chunk of bull shit lol
I'm so thirsty but I dont wanna walk all the way to the kitchen
Sip a lil something to hold me down before bed
if you don't answer me in 10 mins I'm officially not texting you for 2 hours
Terrio or \"Yeaaaah\" ???
I love it when girls around my age feel like they have to wear those push up bras to make it look like they have more than mosquito bites.
My US grade is ganna be low because of that thematic essay..
took fifty years to find it\n\noh that game
my life be like ooooh aaaah
I've got \"fancy\" in my head 24\/7
who has a tumblr that i can follow plz anyone
I'm gonna follow you wherever your mind goes
CRISTIANO RONALDO SUCKS LOL HE PROVES MY POINT FOR ME
Why do I even bother thinking it'll be different tonight?
LeBron is being a sore loser already
G'avin Whyte is awesome reminds me of PND
\"He's like Katy in dog form\" - 's thoughts on Buckley
Mills got that lock up!
Who's down for some hump day drinks?
The best part about not working until 3 tomorrow is the fact I will catch all of - at home before I go in
Julia said she got wet when she saw me giggin yesterday
I will post the rest of my masturbatory 10 yr recap of my NY life soon. Till then, I'm reflecting on &amp; looking forward to some weird shit.
Does anyone have a Wii \"classic controller\" I can buy off you? Bought Pokemon Snap and can't play. Dying. Need help. Pls RT
closing time by semisonic will always be a jam
Lucky charms would be so much better if they were just marshmallows
I think I also forgot what silence sounds like. It's terrifying and I am loving it.
Right when I want to dip dye my hair pink five other people do it):
.ps I love you and snapped are on back to back right now. Just FYI.
\"i used to eat bugs for money\"
Haslem can't guard ginobli
I see nothing wrong with shading in your eyebrows lol I mean all make up artists do it lol
Since when is he our president ahhahaha
It kinda sucks that Jeffrey Dahmer will never know how many songs he's in
Not good though not good
HOLY FUCK DEMPSEY
such a great feeling knowing you have someone to always count on
I wanna go on a road trip
I'm up too early for sleeping so late...
do you think the boys' accents get thicker when they get turned on...
bless for actually saying hello to me at mtn view warped it was lovely meeting you!!!
Of course, Boehner's lawsuit is a precursor to impeaching Obama over something something lawlessness we will explain later whatever shut up
read it so many times I don't even cry anymore
Now I definitely don't wish I was in high school again, but I desperately wish I wasn't where I am in this moment
Damn. Argentina cannot slip up like that.
Literally nothing better than watching tourists stand on the subway looking like they're riding a and holding on with both hands
home is whenever I'm with youuuu
Victoria is the best girlfriend in the world!!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN SHE SMASHED THE HOMIE!!!!!!!!
What a shot by jones
It's lebron vs everybody out here. Team is always gonna win out.
This shit always happens to me like wtf.
Tarantula or lizard, the choice is so hard.
A person who can't give up anything, can change nothing. \n\nIt's all about sacrifice.
Your a good girl and you know it
I'm leaving to Ecuador I can't fucking wait for my mini vacation
Losing money gets me so fuckin pissed off
Today is the day when I meet a bunch of vegans who run in to grab last minute veggie substitutes to grill and we become one in solidarity.
THIS IS TOO JUICY I CANNOT FALL ASLEEP
Can someone give me a good reason why there's so much traffic on I-87? This is abso-fucking-ridiculous. Topping out at 40 mph here...
come hold my hand and lay in the grass with me
K ghana just throw your elbows and legs wildly for jump balls
\"Alarm set for 3 hours and 27 minutes from now\" mother... of... god...
That other ass bitch was pullin ma hair and steppin in when her friend needed assistance.
Cet homme est beaucoup trop ivre.
Happy birthday Dana
I feel like I'm at church rn
it was best for the both of us
The US needs to lock down these players quicker
Your life changes when someone actually tells you I want you to fuck me right in the pussy.\n\nI can now die soundly.
This kid is wearing a backwards gamecocks snapback, slides without socks, and a barstool t-shirt...
The Fault In Our Stars wasnt even sad soooo you bitches need to stop overreacting. The book was better
I need new shades man I can't be making eye contact with these girls on the streets
Aww my eyes are tearing because of unions :( hahah
This rappers name is \/ oh hell no \/ noap
I wanna go home and sleep.
PUT WONDO IN
IS ALREADY SO AMAZING AIOSHFKFN
I hate drama my nigga I never have had beef with no one
Glantz: Both VA admins are shrouded in scandal, and both are incredibly intertwined.
If you ask me what I'm grateful for, the list would be too long to share here. Mainly, I'm grateful for life.
All my friends always have plans with there bfs &amp; I'm over here like Oh
|| San Francisco cops are disgusting and dirty as fuck. They don't care about anything it's so unsafe today omg
Matchbox 20 croons as we wait. Staff shout our names, with odd diction. Out of use products litter counters. Tempers flare. Oh, .
\"Let's go pee. Or fuck. Or something.\" -
I get REALLY sad when I finish a good book. Like really sad.
Can wait for my vacation with my fav girls
Pharrell apologized for being rude and chewing gum on stage, such a
In my American heaven, aka European hell.
I don't want you talking to him at all so back off.
Dempsey or Lionel Messi?
If it wasnt for God looking past who I am to see who im going to be, id be dead tjen a mf right now.
Mom won't make up.... Do I take 1? Or 2? Make 3?
I just made a bowl of guacamole and ate it with a spoon.
Saw people fucking against the windows in the building next door. We cheered them on
Its already a sauna outside -__-
it doesn't typically happen often to be able to fall in love twice with the same girl but I sure hope I get that chance u r my dream girl.
Just read some Ignite Onboarding feedback from clients. I am so proud of my team right now! Congratulations.
So ready for tomorrow
my parents used to always smoke hookah I didn't even know what it was
Idk i might buy like every john green book is there like 3
I want some ice cream so bad... but I wont do it!
LETS GO BOYS!
IM IN LOVE OMFFGGGGGG HELP ME IM CRUYINF
If you don't rep the 585 or 716 I can't consider you a real homie to me
\"Maybe you'll like his personality\"
I might as well charge $20 for waiting out here awhile
Why does everyone's phone say no service but I have wifi
this ferry ride is literally taking forever
Flexin like you bout it, but yo chest ain't even ripped
That's how real my boredom is
Whos house im coming over to eat
...do undefined PHP symbols evaluate to string versions of their names? I'm afraid to look.
Bought lots of snacks for tomorrow with
I could work for the FBI
I have the biggest headache ever cause of them
Messi just scored a Messi esq goal
Going to fish for my food from now on.
Did not need to see that
Now I can officially be on to the next
Going outside tomorrow. Hoping to find my way back indoors to computer town. Wish me luck.
\": Tony Parker is so cold he hasn't even come close to making a jump shot.\" Dude shut up lmaoo omg
The Miami heat is a joke
Eloa had the bright idea of taking me to the store and I've been waiting for him to pick me up for like 20 minutes smh
Loving every minute cause you make me feel so alive
I have to say a pretty face = a happy, smiling face.
I think it's safe to say Lebron will be taking his talents elsewhere next year.
Good news finally got my horizontal license, bad news my picture is a serious resting bitch face
My dad and I eat pizza a lot. Like a lot lot
I can't take seeing these subtweets anymore
Want to have an all white partyyy SOOO bad
Okay if I do go camping, there better not be any skunks again because that was the scariest thing ever.
\"I think that's her I could see her chronic bitch face from here\"
They just dubbed her shit. Thats why I dont like this
You felt FORCED to do that. Why would I even bother to reply tbh.
my new favorite tokiomi insult is \"HE DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT A WALKMAN IS\" bless you
Watching the on my train. The train car celebrated together
Imma be crying all tomorrow
I like chips ahoy dipped in orange juice.
Estoy por ponerme a llorar. Real.
That look in your eyes that I miss so much..
My Vibe-O-Meter was at a 10
\"My girlfriend is yelling at me. Tried the mute button. Didn't work.\"
I am disney channel
Erik Spoelstra needs to be fired....\nBeasley is nice
I honestly love my job
cant wait till i fucking turn 18.
Freudian slip moment: I meant to say \"dodo\".
8 hrs of time &amp; a half.
100% shots short of the hole won't go in the hole
Boss, \"30 days no incidents, everyone gets ice cream after work!\" ...ice cream melted coz he didn't put it in the freezer!!! NOOOOOOO!!!
When I first moved to California some Mexican girls walked up to me one said you ask him then this girl says \"Are you albino\"
Idk why but it seems to me if your African and you get a nice weave you turn out beautiful
&amp; I be on my chill all you gotta do Is push me
niggas should get the hint with all this video chat out there!!
jerry is now upset i didn't insta. every day is father's day for that guy on social media god damn
Cody put on a v-neck and said, \"NOT DEEP ENOUGH\" then ripped it into its current form.
rise &amp; Grind with the one and only
PA with my boys for the weekend
Friend of a friend, they've mentioned you and me
WHOS CHAIN GETTING SNATCHED TONIGHT BESIDES SLOWBUCKS
I publicly say, I don't watch soccer. I also don't watch bobsledding either but I cheer for those fuckers every four years too!
Legz errands all day! Then ill be playing some new legz tunes at muchmore's swinging party an open mic!! Come party!!
I can't wait to meet someone who appreciates all that I do for them
When you think about all the work your putting into prom like hair makeup dress &amp; everything else, it's only a 4 hour thing...
I am actually soooooo pissed at Brian for not telling me he fucked this new girl
Corey in the house, Phil of the future, and suite life on deck ...no shot I'm sleeping
My little cousin made me appreciate what I have a lot more.. He said even though he can't hug his dad can I take him to see him..
Nice effort from the Portugal keeper
I find it so funny that the girls you talk shit about are the ones you go for
I guess in the grand scheme of things I do deserve you.
Might start playing Anchor more just found out that I'm not that bad at it lol
Actually it's too early I'm going back to bed.
LEBEOQHRODNEOSBROSNKAHA FLDNSOSBSIS. AMAZING!
So I guess lebron gonna go home &amp; take all his frustrations out on his wife now.
Messi finally did it. He finally scored a goal for the national team in the world cup. Congrats a la pulga
Lol the things I want to do to you haha
Angels and Demons is sooooo good
All these favorites but no one wants to be my pal and chill with me
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
Not a bad schedule for the , gotta plan out trips early!
Some peoples priorities be so f--- up
Oh hey we're in New Jersey lol
ser como la nieve,hermosa pero fria...
Is it even independence day if I don't listen to my Springsteen record?
No shirt on just me and my Tommy's goodnight.
No no no no no just everything is no right now.
why do ppl post caption less selfies ur not the Mona Lisa hun bun
It's a big day for USA
I don't want to watch the last episode of Malcom in the Middle because I don't want it to end.. I'm just gonna watch Hal roller skate again
I'm not even mad but idk why.. I guess I should be but I'm not
State the wave tn
How is she gonna be pregnant again!? Better question how the fuck do they even have sex!?
I wish I could live on the beach everyday
I'm tired of feeling everyone's energy I just want to feel my own
Is it weird if I buy a Jeff Hostetler jersey? One of my favorite players ever
How do the heat miss layup? Cx
\"My nail color reminds me of you. Electric blue just makes me think Rachel\"
Another Cinderella story is so cheesy but it's cute lol
I wish would cater my life
I want to hide under a big rock of indecisiveness.
JUST REGISTERED FOR MY CSETS haaaaalp
Annnnd now my other leg feels like it's on fire too. Outstanding.
7 year old down the dock from me has pulled in 2 17\" bass in terms last 5 minutes an I haven't had a bite in over an hour
Did the famous seriously just RT me!!?!?!??!?!??!!!
My thighs have gotten too big to wear skinny jeans.
what did one charger atom say to the other?
Something bout a guys t-shirt makes it's waaaay more comfy
Every caption you have on Instagram has to do with how big your ass is, I think we get it lmao
Really enjoying following the round the world journey of !
I have to wait til next year to see again? What is this fuckery?!
Thank you Will Smith for saving our planet on this fine day
The struggle to not go downstairs and make a box of Mac and cheese... It's so real.
When Todd friend start eating that chicken wing .. My friend said \" he from the bay huh?\" I put my head down lol
Days In The East \/\/ Drake
I can not believe I am up for work right now.............. Im literally holding my eyes open and slapping myself in the face
i feel sad and sick I hate everyone, well only like 2 people I don't hate
you can evoke your miranda rights and other craziness that works too
Come thru like bang ! Bang !
I really want to see transformers
the question of the night tho:\nhow can mirrors be real if our eyes arent real?
All I fuck is bad bitches I don't want no mediocre noooo
still in first place -- by a percentage point over .
Messi scored in the World Cup?? WHAT
played 65minutes with 10 men
I'm really not one to preach about equality\/rights on the internet but animal abuse is absolutely disgusting and horrible
So many different thoughts roaming through my head
I sold beer to someone I shouldn't have today because her ID was expired and I didn't notice it until afterwards so fml.
seriously don't try to apologize to me thinking that will make things right. I don't need your bullshit story.
I was going for bc amigis told me but nowwww nahhh im.not betting
seriously considering dropping $200 plus on this first pressing 2x vinyl of jimmy eat world - clarity on ebay
Ginoboli is on fire
I've always wanted to head butt a soccer ball.
I'm going to be in Cleveland for the baseball team's tribute to KISS. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?! Does TSA confiscate makeup?!
My argument: y'all are making 50k with us living here this summer...\nResponse: well, IM not making 50k.....
It just so happened I went to Disneyland the same weekend as Grad Nite and the kids were all annoying, obnoxious and loud. Agreed.
Gonna go take a walk or something. Idk where I'm gonna go, but I'll go...
Like how stupid can one be?
It's the perfect weather to snuggle up and watch movies or sit on a deck and listen to the rain fall
You looked better shirtless.
\nGod whisper's his message to the poet\nThe poet paints a poem of the message
My new desk is smaller than my last. Where am I going to put the . Hmm
Kylie Jenners in New York so basically haven't blinked once looking at limos and around the streets
Neck pains bruises &amp; cuts all ova my body
So much fun tonight at Party!
me and my brother really do look alike
Brock Holt ladies and gentleman.
Thots be asking for love when they ain't loyal
Do you have it? Confidence: belief in oneself and one's powers or abilities.
Only attractive people enjoy taking photos. They dont understand the struggle.
HERE WE GO AGAIN WITH THESE PEOPLE ON TWITTER CALLING THE GAME \"SOCCER.\" GIVE ME A FUCKING BREAK PLEASE.
Being Home Alone Nd Walking Around Naked Is Really Top 1
Let's us all just say YOUR STILL A WHORE;)
wish I would have just curved that text.. no need to open up old wounds. I was fine for the longest.
Some much going on my mind
From smiling to frowning for the rite reasons is sexy
Hey we are talking about you with
Lmaooo those rednecks don't know nothing BET!!! Or black people!
Wait is that Zendaya wearing that whatchamacallit as an outfit?
Nothing better than some wawa on your way home after a weekend down the shore
Lmfao my mom asks my opinion if her coworkers son is gay bc he gets manicures and pedicures with his mom and asks a stranger to hug him. Wut
Realllllly wanna talk to you but I don't want to message you first.
Everybody in my house is asleep and is snoring loud af. Got damn.
Lil Wayne is a classic how can you not love him
I reaaaally like oomf
If it wasn't for Bennett I wouldn't watch orange is the new black
I just don't even know what to do
She thought she was a close bitch on her way as a main bitch but she was his little secret bitch now his main bitch fighting his side bitch.
I always know what tweets dannas gonna rt
I'm glad its raining all day! If im working everyone else should be miserable!!!!!
Literal aqui toda la gente esta vestida de blanco azul y rojo
\"Do you know a company that uses illegally downloaded software?\" Do I fucking care?
Shane sleep with the light on while listening to real old music. \nAlright.
\"Hair on the dog\" -
Best news at 2014 Fancy Food Show awards. $30,000 goes to City Harvest to feed Hungry New Yorkers + 6 trailer loads fine foods.
Why am I too afraid to drive to Anaheim on the freeways?
On my way down the shore stuck in shirty ass traffic asking myself what would do?
Teyana Taylor Marvin room remix deadass makes me hurt
.thank you for supporting our initiative to ban violent video games in NYC
New Slaves showin off chains now . Shit you wont see george clooney doing.
Happy 4th of July Vladimir Putin hope u enjoy the holiday !! :)
Fav if you comin to the bonfire Friday
You ain't real nigga Your day ones ain't even still with you You left them starvin you an ill nigga
Am I really about to jump off a plane???
Oomf is the definition of a beautiful black queen
I love it when you dance like no ones there
i've gotten used to it but it still hurts.
I have officially crossed over to Spotify. Bye Pandora.
Lol he took a 13 year old virginity
Dempsey's done it again
can't wait to see my new room! :&gt;
Time flys when ya spend it with fwends
The reason 's murder rate has declined is bc there isn't enough people there to keep it up. - Mike Doherty
I met my little munchkins today
What a sucky day again.. It makes no difference.
Still don't know why ESPN abbreviates Netherlands \"Netherlnds\". Is it a 10 character limit on the bottom line, or just an anti-A's policy?
Nothing annoys me more then when I'm trying to have a serious conversation with someone and they make a joke out of it
Big 3 Heat won't go down as a 'truly' great team like the 90's Bulls or the early 2000 Lakers.
Back home!! And leaving for Savannah in the morning!
It doesn't hurt to go to Barnes &amp; nobles or a regular library and get your knowledge on
Then he gets injured lmao
Why does everyone call Amanda Abby? Thats like a dogs name...is Abby like Amanda in lesbian language?
Where can I buy a cute relationship
Getting high off the sunshine.
Fuck Altidore. FUCK
On The Run . July 11. MetLife
Work is going to be so overwhelmingly packed and that makes me wanna puke
she was just so good dafq
Why do people have unprotected sex and act all surprised when they have a baby coming? lol
Can't believe you unfollowed me on insta and twitter can I get a round of applause for the haters?
It's summer, it's hot, I hate wearing pants, if you don't like it you can fuck off
I wish that when you unblock someone all their messages would pop up
I think it's funny how some girls say they want respect and not to be treated like a slut, but that's the vibe they put out smh
Might as well go to see 22 Jump Street by myself today
Shawty I want yo momma....that young shit ain't me....hahahaha
Like I'm crying over a freaken made up character. Whyyyy
All you can eat slobber bar.
Hope these fuckers are real .
IM HERE TO GRANT YOU THREE WISHES....just kidding I'm Blake griffin
Hey females: has anyone bought clothes from Tobi? I've heard it's kinda cheap stuff but for one-time-use Vegas dresses are they alright??
I would like a laying down companion
damn bout to sweat his make up off
I need you here with me.
I could go for a tipsy tailgate kiss.
Smh shits unbelievable makes no sense grow up bout done
During the day, volume 14 is so low I can't hear anything .. During the night, shit sounds like a volcano
Don't u hate when niggaz say an exaggerating story, that u deff know is a lie
I just want some buncha crunch
Sooo guess im going to hard summer thanks to and . i kept debating all day !
If anyone's looking for Borgman, I just passed him on 8th Avenue.
someone please hmu I'm so bored
Its not ok when I text back within 11 seconds
August better get his promo from
I cnt belive their filming a movie in our house:D
PS I only succeeded in killing 2 of them. Here's to a sleepless night while the fugitive spider seeks revenge on me
Patty mills, leonard, danny green such a bright future. And pop can coach for another couple of years too
Now I'm not going anywhere for the rest of the day
No puta, Olympian does not play \"the hunger games song\"
Its all over ..
Yessssss!!! What a goal!! Jones!!!
Ay no se que me pasa hoy, me hago mil mentes yo sola
Fuck you Joe West you fucking umpshow hack
31% &amp; I'm about to go out... lovely.
I think we all got tvs y'all don't gotta narrate the shit they not paying you
I have so many barfing stories, so excited I can share them with you!! RT : Aww you're barfing for three now!!! &lt;3
Only you &amp; only me. Our secret society.
I'm just a quirky, clumsy, weird, semi-hateful, but overall loving young girl living in this crazy world.
No one will listening unless you are screaming
Where do you even roofies. Asking for a friend...
I forgot what it's like to have a boyfriend...
In beautiful and . Met with and and . Big stuff . .
rt : With a you have to be ready for anything. They can change switch gears in a millisecond.
I really need to dance this weekend
but I have to text mads first
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!!!!!!!! USA! USA! USA! USA!
If i was a guy I'd rather ass than boobs, idk why but I hate boobs .
I must except the fact that I'm single now \n\nIt is what it is
Did you get that for yourself
Im fed up of \"I miss you's\" from people fully capable of sending me text messages or phone call askin to hangout to chill or even to go eat!
My twitter time line looks like evolution. Activity followed by unexplainable gaps that require you to use your imagination.
Tori cuttin up on snap chat!
My TL straight flaming Zendraya right now , Said she got the Mountain Store fitted on
My god Channing Tatum you are SOMETHING ELSE
Lol that Loud is still in his system
Pretty sure I don't know the meaning of \"no\" .
Reps from are out collecting signatures
Just saw the titanic.... never going on a cruise ship.
I would tell you that I'm texting and driving right now, but I consider the car needs to be moving in order for it to be a moving violation.
I feel like at least twice a day I'll close out of Twitter or Instagram and then immediately open it back up
I won't let you close enough to hurt me
is this ratchet ass really thirst trapping to Can You Feel the Love Tonight
Can't believe how much more athletic me and the fam are getting even after just three and a half week of the weight and plyo program.
sTUDO VERISION OF AMNEISA THIS A GLORIOUS DAY.
Thank god I don't live in Brooklyn
I may have to buy the new tshirt..
Watching the move in over from the of
Probably not going to notice but
Trying to build a team!!! Start the movement... Who's with me?
I feel like you always try and wanna sound smarter than me but... you can't.
What time does the Brazil game start
why you gotta be so rude?\ndon't you know i'm human too?\nwhy you gotta be so rude?\ni'm gonna marry her anyways.
lmao jordan is a clown man
is making for a wet 4th of July in the though yesterday was gorgeous and tomorrow will be beautiful too!
Overheard on the rush hour subway, \"Get me out of this multicultural slave ship!\" Excuse me, what?
Hajde Amerika me fitu
Every fucking time I go to my aunts house some fucker switches my charger for a crusty ass one
Idk y these niggas ain't crossing the ball obviously got the height
My brother is knocked the fuck out in my room right now and its the funniest thing ever
I hate when nigga be like why havent you hit me up like pssshhh
Was totally looking forward to seeing him as Davey because I loved him as Ernst SpringAwakening 2009 Newsies 2014.\nNewsies cast was so nice!
everytime I leave food at work the next time I come back it's gone because chris eats it wtffffff
I've kinda always really wanted to go to the garden of Eden
Fuck your bitch and the clique you claim
Harry's hofbrau for lunch.. this place is Iight lol
Same niggas I ball wit I fall wit on some southern draw shit rookie of the year 06 Chris Paul shit
My dad just called that goal
Why do I always catch myself thinking about you? When you clearly don't feel the same..
Celebrating American independence by dressing like a German in minimalist, structural black.
not even mad about the party im just mad cause I came down $160 bc they cancelled
I'm pretty sure our neighbor on Fire Island is celebrating the 4th by taking a load for every star on the flag
Put away my laundry for me so I know it's real
20th liberation anniversary: Impressive progress! But we are still ascending towards the summit of success. And we need to target very high.
I'll CALL YOU NIGGA IF THATS FINE
So bored and no one to talk to :c
\"This bitch wants onions, she's going to get some f****** onions\" -Morgan
No one will top my Aunt Tracy as my favorite human ever. She's the best.
Wishing everyone a happy and safe ! \n
Fucking a soccer player doesn't count as knowing soccer
Time for Aladdin. Yay Jada is happy for once
My spots still rockin tho .
There he is! The JerkSmirker-in-Chief Joe Biden loves futbol.
Heading home after a great three days helping some awesome young men on the boat dock! Thanks to Sorrel &amp; William too. Structure looks great
Guess imma burn this L alone
Not that expensive toast and Google buses aren't relevant, but there are some great stories about SF that involve neither.
I don't think I'd be graduating today if it wasn't for Chenango Valley. Im so glad that I came here for highschool.
JT with the one punch knockout boi
Why can't I retain any of this information right now?
I freaking love weddings
I love you, man gets funnier every time I watch it
I'm always in some drake mode
Thinking about Premium View tix for ? Better act fast, there are only a handful left. Soon to be
It's been 7 whole days since I got longer than 4 hours of sleep every night. I blame you.
I don't even run away from sprinklers when going for a run lol I run into them
So hot, bored, and annoyed.
I find it so hard to believe that anyone can ever really take the time to get to know me bc I'm way too busy trying to understand myself.
Can we fix it? YAAAAS we can
\": my tongue is cut and its yo fault\" this sounds XTREMELY gay
sometimes I forget that Game of Thrones is not real and I talk about it like if we were in Westeros
This guy just ran up to me and hugged me then asked me if I just showered hahahaha
I wish I had some to cook for...or talk to
So long, &amp; thanks for all the fish!
Gangster rap made me do it
Don't worry , I only mark your mail as \"read\" because I know when I open it, I'll just buy ALL the things.
\": It is illegal to eat oranges in your bathtub in California.\" When was this?!
I don't see how people stay back in high school .
calling that gary oldman thing a \"fiery rant\" does a disservice to fiery rants. more of a tepid moaning if you ask me
The episode of Hey Armold about Harold being fat &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Sweet sweet revenge
Ive jt learned that my hair is long enough to braid nd ive been braiding it the last couple nites not cuz I want my hair curly bt cuz I can
I love dick in my mouth
Arden Cho and Shelley Henning dancing with each other? No complaints here
My puppy is to hyped for me right now
I love it when my carpool just leaves me like a piece of shit
Que venga a ver el que? u.u IDGAF
IDC what you think bitch you're back !
Literally take me 12 hrs to clean my room... Too. Much. Clothes.
The things I would do to see Kurt Cobain perform smells like teen spirit live.. Wow
I'm always tired, and hungry or both.
watching 's videos on Vimeo and they are the cutest things I've ever seen (okay, after her clothes)
An Asian lady just asked me if I wanted a massage as I passed by her on a darkish street corner. Prostitute or masseuse?
Living in New York and witnessing all types of cultures and people coming together to watch the is so inspiring
Mexico's futbol team lost but their Chipotle is killing it.
Seeing the future with at talking quantified self, machine empathy, artificial intelligence
and now she's mad at me for being pissed like how could i not be pissed
Just took the subway to Brooklyn ....
I luv lana
I'm going to have to read Joshua chapter 1 everyday for the rest of my life
Nick Cannon killing me, cut that jawn off just like you did in Drumline bruh
Taylor is so dumb but its hilarious
Stayed in bed till nearly 10 today this is what freedom feels like. Happy 4th of July America!
If Randy comes and RKOs Vickie. Omg.
The Dr. Pepper vanilla freeze thing from taco bell is so nasty, it tastes like watered down Dr pepper
Respecting one another &amp; not letting anyone disrespect your sister THATS what teaches us
La bardeo sarpado ese tw :o
I don't get days off based on the fact that being my age my job is too good to not work. Too muchZ money to not work.
U can buy another bike ..Kirk is mad petty for breaking her glasses
Literally the dry cleaners shrunk all my clothes I'm gonna kill myself
So ready to love tweet the BET awards
Saw Bale and Michael phelps t work today so that was pretty cool
Gosh I could just kill someone haha omfg.
Estoy como BONAFFONT, con el alma en el piso, ya que mi ECUADOR no clasifico y que tristeza enorme me dio.
Just made plans to hangout with and but keating doesn't want to for some reason
MARIE.... MARIE PLZ. This boss fight is unreal. Havin my ass handed to me by rinachan is how I die. Goodbye friends
I can't put my finger on exactly why this drives me crazy other than what seems kind of serious to me seems like a costume to you.
Everything I thought I knew about string quartets was wrong.
Damn.. En el principio lo tube todo Cn ella, la deje ir pensando que lo superaria, y hoy me doy cuenta que el sentimiento aun vive en mi
I got $600 saved up just for dro next semester... if that doesn't suffice I'm gonna drop out &amp; move back to Cali
is it acceptable to go to bed at this hour?
I gave 100%, so I expected 200% back
Everyone's at pride and I'm just like... KARDASHIANS ON NETFLIX BITCHES
I feel like Lifesavers are really feeling depressed these days that Mentos have taken the spot light.
Now am I wrong for trynna reach the things that I cant see
It's been almost two weeks I have something to be mad about..
... I'm watching Breaking Bad for the second time.. Why? Maybe it's just THAT good
I love how I have no plans for the fourth
Them turkey wraps with pico de gallo my sis did are fucking amazing. OMG!!!
Whose up? Slide into my Dms ayy
I flood the brain like cocaine
I'm asking for your help, I am going through hell. Afraid nothing can save but the sound of your voice, you cut out all the noise
S\/O to on helping me get an 85 on the Spanish final
If Brian does not shut the fuck up....
And by 5 I mean 3
Me haces mucha falta, ya ven
Digital copiers must be scrubbed or provider can see serious penalties. CBS knows because it leased one that had PHI on it.
Nothing better than American Horror Story and homemade buff chix dip on a Thursday night
I just don't understand your intensions. What's the point of this?
I wish I wasn't so rudely woken up.
Clearly I need to learn to stop forgiving people smh.
You can't tell Me anything is impossible if Jhene Aiko can have a fan base. The sky's the limit My niggas.
I wish I could help all those homeless people in SF.
Somebody gon fuck the host up lmao
I know I have said this a million times and I'm sure you are all sick of hewing it but Uncanny Avengers is simply a masterpiece
Merlot? I never heard of it. Did they just invent it?
Imagine thieves that came in your house at night and just stole stuff from your fridge... Nobody would even know
No one deserves to be treated in any low way possible and if you would do that someone imagine you in their side of the situation
Every time I go get a manicure no matter where I go a week or 2 later my nails start breaking WHY
Being educated does not mean being intelligent. U can be beautiful outside but ugly inside. Look &amp; listen to to understand
My parents get so mad at nothing it makes no sense.
LET'S BE COPS
i am not myself when i am hungry
Patty Mills stepped up!!
Common look like he put on too much baby oil.
Is it weird that I wanna work on Fourth of July???
...lol I retract my previous tweet.
That was a close cal I was sure it was a free kick
Hello 530 am nice to meet you. Fucking work.
I can not leave this city without getting somebody mix tape... Lol. It never fails
This USA soccer game is surprisingly exciting to watch
At least I win the majority of bets at work
You are not tumblr
This church across the street sound so good
that was corny lol a nigga wit what?
Straight up dropped my bike key in the river (so much sadness) and have to decide if I really need a week pass for peace of mind or not.
I hate when my black tea lemonade has too much lemonade
Show me how to forget you
Am I trippin for having a vision my prediction ima be on top of the world
Alot of incoming players in my summer class. Welcome to the family
\"go to college get a job in your field\"
How do I get photos through iCloud
I love all my friends and family and I couldn't be more thankful for them because they made me into who I am today
\"You watch movies illegally?\" \n\"Ya I'm Mexican what do you expect?\"\nyou raised him well Itzel
Penalty kicks got my hands sweating
I say that ally cuz I kno fa sure how fast shit is moving
And there was another floating piece of wood nearby with a dead guy on it so why didn't jack push the dead guy off and use it?
So Ayiti pa la banm chofe pou USA
Every Time I Look At My Arm I Just Wanna Slap The Shit Out Of Shirley
Never know if is joking anymore because he's been ripping through fools all summer
Ronaldo's a homo
I just want my car done already !!
Wat u gotta do is bottle up all your feelings until that one person just pisses u off &amp; u release all thoses feelings on them, just explode!
Now I'm wishing for a roommate
Luke Hemmings why are you even awakr
you never smoke but always want some trees
I feel like life was sucked out of me
You can be whoever you wanna be on this thang
I deadass hate 97 percent of people in Kingston
Wtf my little brother is getting the Xbox one and I can't even get my ps4. Smh
Lets go 11-0 run for spurs and Manu going to line almost got and 1
Let kirk break my shit my glasses
Recently saw a dude stomp a street rat like they were beefin' over turf.
Back to my kid and my show
I would be stupid to decline if offered
I have a really bad habit of wanting to take in every homeless animal I see LMFAO
i ate a almost a tub of frozen cool whip bc it has less calories than ice cream and i feel so sick. wtf is wrong with me.
You get paid millions, stop being a sissy
I should've known this was how it was going to be.
Leaned a valuable lesson this weekend- don't go to hard bc it's ur birthday
I'm angry confused and upset. I just want to know why?
Just remembered I had a dream where I became best friends with Kendall from Dance Moms and we made fun of her bullies and got good grades
I will love you to the end
And now for Game of Thrones.
Spanish mami with the cake , tres leche
Patiently waiting for kev so we could smoke &amp; that way I'll sleep peacefully.
\"Are there any parties tonight\" \n\nITS 3am AND MY EYES ARE SHUTTING INSTINCTIVLEY WHAT DO YOU MEAN
Mu lil bro going to d.r alone today , on a 1 way ticket -_- ,, lucky mofo!!!
Auto-tune on full blast on Meek Mills voice in this track
Tried to do precalc work and it called for algebra and no time to shower and read Frankenstein
Amazing Costa Rica! Heroes of the World Cup
Yooo everybody Marie's new name is \"Marthot\"
That Shaq &amp; Biggie song still fire, idc
Currently hating my ankles
Why haven't any of the girls just straight up punched Mona square In the face?
Is it too early to start drinking?
whoa the new ESPN sportscenter UI is clean. really digging it
Someone see 22 jump street with me tonight
Ever since I saw him in that martin Lawrence starz comedy thing
i think i want to kill u rn
4.20: I feel as if I haven't seen you in a min
Fuck you, it was internally consistent.
The fabulous Glide Ensemble and the Change Band kicking off the night for talk with
Back to work, I mean vacation, for the Greeks.
\" boy I nutted all on her lips \"
This dumbass lady is making up some food in her head she supposedly order last week trying to get me in trouble
Listening to Birdy depresses me so much but her songs are so pretty I'll just sit through the pain
\"The past is never dead. It's not even past.\"
Ive been surrounded by sooo many females recently
Google Maps says the would take 53 min. to bike, 51 min. to bus (No. 3), 36 min. on the Green Line and 16 min. to drive.
No one fuckin asked for you guys to give a shit
Take advantage, fuck you\nTell you I'll do all the shit he wouldn't do\nBut the truth is, we all the same
There you go baby !!!!! Stfu !
Watching How To Make Money Selling Drugs now
Nothing beats waking up to the best ice coffee and of course since CK makes it there is a splash of alcohol
Does \"closely held\" mean only companies whose name is a rhyme, or only companies whose merchandise comes from child labor? Or both?
No its cool jade I love waking up to a dead animal chilling on the back deck
I JUST GOT KICKED OUT OF A CANDY STORE FOR \"MAKING A SCENE\"
Why you gotta be so rude
Hacemos el amor al aire libre con la brisa!
8 o'clock on a Friday night sitting in my bed sobbing at p.s. I love you. turn up
Next time though in the end of the month, there is this one ride at the water park that is a must to get on.
The love we share seems to go no where. -tainted love
being single is so free and fun but idk id like to make out with someone whenever I want to
Eh fuck it, gonna take the shaver to my head in the morning and fuck balding right in the taint.
Game of Thrones is over... And now my life has no purpose..
Grateful to see perform in the flesh at
I cant believe i got interrogated by a cop just now for sitting in a car....I'm a good person god damn it
The crowd cheering zombie land at is so American haha
my dad has the tv up all the way &amp; he's over here yelling like there's no tomorrow
Beautifully shot.. levels
Mi hijo: ma xq no puedes estar quieta como las otras mamas que van al Rio solo a ver a los hijos tu mientras corres, tomas fotos, haces bici
Jokingly asked if I could cut the bagel store line because it's my birthday and the woman in front of me said I could cut her!
Not the biggest fan of virtanen. I see a jack skille clone.
Who has the best dish?
Can someone make the sun come out plzzzzz
This road trip on the way back from Vegas feels 1,000x longer than on the way there\nFuckkk
Some Tigers are better left wild.
If I know anything it's that I know nothing
you would like my picture that I posted about YOU.
why a nigga always want what he can't have...
The hat makes him look creepy though
What a hit!!!!!
Why not? He needs forgiveness and a role model
You cannot celebrate 4th of July if you still haven't passed your U.S history regents
Watching Brother Bear with my brotha bear (Patrick)
Aw bop is saying I look pretty in a dress and she hugged me.
I pulled the wrong straw, I asked this girl who her dad was and she pointed at her grandpa. I asked again and pissed her off.. team no dad.
She reppin XO til the death!
THERE'S A SHAKESPEAREAN \"STAR WARS\"?! Why don't I own this.
I really do hate nic lees
Happy 4th peeps!! Hope the day is going well for everyone.
Had fun playing Basketball with and
It's even said that even in 1776, there was some rain in the forecast. But they were signing paperwork rain or shine.
Have to shit
Slide of life
The unasked question in all the hoopla over the new Hillary Clinton memoir: Why would someone read such a thing?
overthinking just kills what you really want
funny how you don't know how much i'm hurting......
Well let's hope this goes well..
I click through the majority of people's mystories but when it's my crush every second counts
They say I'm to young to love you.
i cant go outside for more than two seconds without getting burnt
Damn does it feel good to fap first thing in the morning. This has been my obligatory tweet.
I have no one but myself to blame.
\"More issues than vogue\"
\"Not one not two.\" Yes LeBron two sit yo ass down
YESSSSSSSSSSSSA THROW DAT ASS INN A CIRCLE
Life's got me up against the rope right now. So I grabbed em by the balls. Life don't play fair right?
There truly is no better way of getting back at people than just being a more genuinely kind person
I need to go but some aloe
I bet is going for Greece because Socrates and Plato are his favorite philosophers!!!!
My work hard, play harder is going well for me. Passing all my tests with high scores and then I turn up on the weekend
\"these Ghanaians are getting very cheeky\" ok mum
Captain America has reentered the game
The ghosts on the snapchat story for today have more plans than I do
Let the pitches begin! Toronto to Seattle thanks to for sponsoring
School needs to hurry up already ....
So that's what 17 looks and sounds like today ? Well damn.
So much Sublime today so necessary
Did anyone else know that the icon for the clock app on the iphone actually moved and had the real time on it?!?!?!?
If they had separate feeds for original vines and revines, it may actually be decent, but man this is just crap compared to early 2013
I have resorted to safari for SAT scores and I still see NONE
SF: bar at Hotel Vitale at 4:45
Squatting to some a day to remember
The Heat is SHOOK!!!!!!!
Cause I can cause I can do it betterrrrrr !!!!
Listening on the radio and heard goal and went nuts. I almost crashed.
Ive never seen so much twitter beef .
you usually don't see anything but in your mind, every evil thing is lurking in that forest
When is Aussie-Kiwi getting in?
Im not upset opt out He brought life back to NYC people r quick 2 4get NYK won 54 games last year NYK will be fine on 2015
I'm just gonna soak my poor sore body in scorching hot water and play my music too loud to the point of ear drums bleeding &amp; my skin burning
all these broken hearts on that pole
Has anyone ever watched all 22 chapters of trapped in the closet cause I'm about to
Uh oh... tonight at ...
but seriously ... I'm 19 ... why is my mom STILL trying to put me to bed.
Baseball is so boring but the guys are actually hot
Fuck iphone chargers being so short. This shits annoying.
and Manu Ginobili is not the spanish LeBron?? I think so
I'm really funny as shit tho
Im missing ma game
Bazen cok uzaktan gordugun ve sevdigin seyin yakinina gitmek istemezsin.
Ohp she sent me a Winky face.. Time to tell her I'm going to bed aha
Boxing is actually hella fun and hella tiring
Guess who's teaching Babywearing for Newborns tomorrow! (Hint- it's me)
Ok seriously? Half an hour into our conversation, you can't tell that I'm the slightest bit annoyed at you?
Running off at the mouth , I'll have my niggas scrape
Wolf Pack make da booty bounce boppa\n\nbich jus let it go let it go \n dO DAT DO DAT
I keep thinking that most of aviation advances would have happened anyway with or without anyone winning orteig prize or a prize at all.
Think I might even put it on rn haa
somethins goin on with my left lil toe and its unpleasant
I hate when theres hella people at twinkles
When people bitch and complain and get angry, sit your ass In a fuckin corner if you can't control yourself
i still don't see how the purge got a sequel
CLINT DEMPSEY LETS FUCKING GO
FUCK YES USA
ON MOMS walking to practice was harder than practice
I wanna go out tonight. I don't wanna stay in
I should prolly stop in here
Hell nah nigga iont love dat bitch.
If I ont like that hoe I turn her ass into a frizbee
I want to see the Orion with you
I'm watching orange is the new black instead of studying for chem, haha don't fuckin care rn
On va te mettre un coup de pression tu vas te pisser dessus alors fait pas le Man
Im sick of feeling this way
Welp, hip tosses are now legal. Turrible.
The Can-Am Spyder is the dumbest looking vehicle that I've ever seen. It's worse than unicycles and old-timey bikes. For shame, Drew Brees.
\"And now that ass getting fatter and I know it's because of me\"
I always look my best when I'm not going to see anyone. Oh well!
You made your promises, I held on believing in all of them
&amp;+ I don't want no more kids but I know the way me &amp; davine set up ain't no way around it lol
Its sad how lately i been wanting to get drunk.
Came outta red lobster full as fuck lol
you know you shouldnt try selling a joint if marijuana to a person with cancer -.-
I remember 20% of last night... My apologies for anything stupid I did
There always that one who is the only on the dance floor
this white evo on my block&gt;&gt;
\"Coming up next on Meet The Press, Rand Paul discusses Benghazi.\" Seriously? \/shoots TV \/shoots self
Im tired asf, I wana take a nap
Nostalgia ultra was my shit in 7th grade
networking sites ain't got shit to offer me yet I let them consume all my time
El k puede puede y el k no critica
We ain't spoke in so long, probably put me in the past
I love my Frisko USO's\/fam , nothing but love
morning world, much love to you all
\"I just love stalking people. It's so much fun\" -
Alright, the show is starting. More later hopefully
2:30 am last night I wake up from someone outside my window frantically screaming \"help me, help me, someone help me, he killed my dogs!\"
Lebron: I've decided to take my talent away from south beach
I dont even remember what my moms voice sounds like... All i remember is her screaming in pain
The night that I'm not tired to stay up late to talk to him he goes to sleep.
I just say I couldn't sleep at my dads
Don't sweat the petty thing and don't pet the sweaty things.
Today was fun. Hope tomorrow will be better
Dungeons &amp; strapon wearing dragons
\": I'm not going to act like I don't care because \" not giving a fck \" is the cool thing to do. \n\nI care. A lot. lol\"
I have no idea why he was carrying crisco with him
if you dont get your relationship off my ig feed im gonna unfollow you.
Y'all females be the ones chasing these \"ain't shit niggaz\" and then y'all wonder why y'all still single
Finding carter looks like a intresting show
I just deleted all my photos in my phone by accident. \n
Baby make your ass clappp
Dont come over and try to tell us how to live our life when your clearly not happy with yours therefore you take everything personal
I keep seein bitches call dudes thirsty but if your the one puttin up slutty pics for likes n shit dont that make you the thirsty one ?
Depressing country music for the night.
I have 3 email accounts and a little brain
COME ON ARON
Why do girls think not eating and being unhealthy skinny is cute
Cs I put too much energy in him &amp;' me.
sometimes i wonder if im funny but then i realize it's only me that matters
Bitch got two beds in her room.
Some times I look at myself. Weather, to be good or bad. being good people take advantage. Being bad is being hated by everyone around you.
This dude on MasterChef looks like Steve Aoki
You ever do or say something just to prove a point ? Then feel guilty afterwards ?
Steve Hoffman: fund the companies where the customers are engaging... Try google-glass for warehouse and location
Rainy days &amp; Mondays..New followers:\n\nThanks &amp; have a great wk!
How did you get here? Nobody's suppose to be here
Think I'm actually getting into this whole reading before bed thing
Independence Day = one of the greatest movies
How do you get shut out at home for the 8th time this season? In one of the best hitting parks in the game.
FUK YES. YESSSSS. FUCK PORTUGAL. YESS USA. OMFG YES
They have seen vanity and lying divination, saying, THE LORD declares! And THE LORD has not sent them, but they hoped to lift their word.
Great day in NYC now off to Detroit!
Late lunch watching my favorite movie, The Godfather! \"Carlo, you have to answer for Sonny!\" \"Don't ask me about my business!\"
Congrats to Costa Rica on the win and getting all of their penalty shots in!!!
What's going on at the HS bc I can hear it from my house ?
You know summer is back when your sweating shirts out like nothing.
VAMOS ARGENTINA VAMOSSSSS
Sending that ass to voicemail..i dnt wanna hear shit..
Haven't watched one World Cup game, and proud of it.
\"What's is LGBT? Lettuce, gay, bacon, and tomato\"
Couple of D3 schools and a couple of D2 schools , just gotta keep working my way up man
im not gonna lie ima miss dimps
IDK WHAT TO DO WITH MY LIFE.
Don't look now, but the are going to be tied for 1st place in about 10 minutes.
Houston bout to trade harden to Miami for bron and sign melo
Why do different people always ask me the same question
Alas, we're by the East River...and great call, America's Most Beloved Sportswriter.
Get TF off my timeline with your annoying ass tweets
My period is giving me insane mood swings. Idek to HANDLE this. Bitchy to sad to angry to horny to funny to cocky n back to bitchy.
My room is to fucking hot!!!
\": I hate being talked to like that like I'm a piece of shit\"
At a show why is there a baby on stage??
Whenever I can't explain how I feel I pretty much say the word like at least 30 times
Feeling like military is the direction for me.
Watching Monday Night right now.
One thing is like to have right now is .
Eastampton is not accepting applications for honorary members.
Sad that toms leaving Agway, happy that he's going to be pursuing his dream career. But Fridays are gonna blow now lmao
Champion of piping in the key of 1st Amendment!\nmairimason\nSunshine and a drone n meter. Amazing!
Everyone dies in the summer, so pray to God for a little more spring.
Anyone wanna get food?
My poor grandma has no water I love the well more than ever rn
This is going to be a long night. I have a non dancing group for this reception.
I miss cheer when it use to be fun... like back in the day
I would love to go to sleep already!
123 we haven't talked much but you're funny dude!
Can I just have my chance to hug ed and nuzzle into him and tell him thank u for everything..ive always wanted it to happen
Getting rekt at work, day 2
I'm more than just an option. Refuse to be forgotten.
I hear no lightening but then again I'm at work in Harris
Nobody in should be tweeting ANYTHING but about USA soccer!!!!!
And some heat fans say heat will win game 6 or 7 with an exclamation point at the end lol! xD
UM WHAT KIND OF EXCUSE OF A HUMAN WEARS A BRITISH FLAG ON A SACRED DAY LIKE TODAY AND IN A CITY PRONE TO GETTING MUGGED
How about some runs ?
Now that I'm not in class I don't give a shit what day it is
Teen wolf about to be live this season
What if our use of emojis gradually becomes so extensive that we actually circle back to writing in hieroglyphics?
It's 10:30 and I'm already bored
Come on fucking stay in you don't need your nose to play
Im in a robe eating chocolate covered pretzels and online shopping while simultaneously fulfilling every basic bitch stereotype out there.
Can the Spurs hurry up and win so I can watch Thrones?
All dressed up with no wear to go
SOMEONE COME OVER OR PICK ME UP!!!
Can't wait to see the pictures from Friday! Hopefully I got some good ones :)
the fair is only fun if you're 12 or on drugs
Everywhere I look, my eyes be searching for you
\"Kearstin are you making Alfredo at 10pm?\" well
Just now finishing up at the studio, still on west coast time so I'm up who else is ?
But why did Julia get like 700 dms and i got like 5...
Baby you should let me love you.
I don't wanna leave!!! New York
I'm legit considering going into the lobby to sleep
Why can't we hit or score runs?!
\"I have standards. They may be double but, you know...\" -My Mom
Dam my phone on 50%
\"...you think I'm headstrong!?...bitch, you're dead weak...\" Between and , it's gonna be a grimy summer!
Even tho I wish it was going to be warmer today...it is perfect running weather. Got 3.3 in this am. Time to enjoy the
Ghanas jerseys tho
He scored he can do whatever he wants
If you asked, I wouldn't say no. :)
I wonder what it would be like if I skyped I'd probably talk their ears off and take hella screenshots lol
Rrrrrrrerreeeed card!!!!!! Your out of this on bro
Never in my entire life have I faced such a dilemma
What kind of shit is this give him a red card
English final is gonna rape me tm
Big three belittled by the . Great coaching, defense, and teamwork &gt; ego and raw individual talent.
so many people at my cousin for nooo reason like chillllll
if you dont find poussey from oitnb attractive who r u
If you're responsible and get good grades why should it matter if you party.
Camo is sexy
its like i see sounds n stuff HAHAHA
am back MY HONEY$ donT CRAW on Me.......... LETS TWEEt ( EB \/ EK )
This bitch is down.
Maybe if I sit on the other side and face the direction we're going to lol
do you think i dont know what you did?
I'm just getting more frustrated by staying awake.
Anyone want to suggest music? I'm tired of listening to the same shit.
Lying to herself cus her liquors top shelf
If you have seen my REALLY cry, you will notice that my eyes turn green, and you are one of my best friends because I dont cry that much
Actually no hell no that's a lot of consecutive pictures
\"niggas fall all over you like rain\" Lmfao whatttttt no
He had no reason to be kicking that high?
US has a nasty goalie
Anecdotally, every Greece fan at this bar drives better when they're drunk
Ii coral Tryna front see if I talk to her when I go to her house.
My 15 year old sister is having a party right now.
Met my boyfriend's daughter finally!!!! She is soooo precious!!!
So glad I copped these vans
That's a broken nose. Ouch.
I'm rolling in that Beamer big guwop in his charger
Does anyone actually give a damn about Daytona Prototype racing? I watched ALMS for LMP.
Coney Island tonight block party tomorrow
I want to get home from work and play shovel knight until the wee hours of the morning
That block doe
I think I'd die without music.
So the only good thing that's happened in the last two weeks is thay I get to hang with my homie tomorrow to watch
Damn breaking bad ends up getting really fucking intense by the end.
Tamela Mann got a voice doe.
Portugals goalie is retarded
I've drank every single night since last Thursday
\": Low key I think every bitch attracted to other girls\" factuals
Gone Home is $3. That's worth it right?
I'm so mean I never answer my front door when someone knocks I just let them keeping knocking until they walk away
What a beautiful goal!!
No le tengas miedo a la oscuridadddd ya es tiempo que conmigo te vayas
Guess I was wrong about you
I am very down for a P-Rod vs Nyjah kind of final.
Hot tub at the apartment complex not working for the second night in a row. This is a damned war crime.
Getting pity looks on the train into the city for my four bags...I'm just happy to finally be on a train!
The Bruno's never give up, especially on each other....I love you guys
Only 5 draft picks remain unsigned.
Ey mofucka happy birthday b
\": did you fall from heaven bc so did satan\" romantic
Fucking Clint Dempsey too!?!
I like to laugh in a bitch face.
Estoy que exploto de la impaciencia.
I'm so in love with my avi that I hate all my selfies.
LETS FUCKINGG GOIOO
Deleted my IG
Lol fuck everyone and their lame ass excuses for not saying yes to my invitation to eat
What am I afraid of ?
Determined to get rich in my adult life
Good week for Double header Tuesday, draft Thursday. !!!
And at the end of the day it's her loss. Cuz your the one who has shit going on, and them niggas she entertaining ain't gone make the cut.
I wonder how long in my life I've wasted time waiting for other people. Probably a scary number
I-n-d-e-p-e-n-d-e-n-t do you know what that means mang?
I was expecting a package from ups today but it never showed :(
Jelena got a lot of problems and issues.
I'm leaving for a while as of next year needa take over a different state
Work today is pretty sweet, nice and steady. Just wish I wasn't all the way on register 13 but it's alright I guess.
Why is my sisters name in my phone \"Mcnugget\" like what hahaha
what's up with everyone's username on Instagram?!?!
I HAD THE BEST BURGER EVER
La Rosa de Guadalupe is on Hulu LOL
But the one thing that I can most willingly prove, that when you are gone, I'll be fine without you.
A perk of a fanny pack is you don't get that cross body tan
The Fault In Our Stars round 3 this time with
Niggas is tough but when it comes to fighting
My mama is so sassy. I hope I'm as sassy as her one day
Pinatas teach too many life lessons at once, might as well also give the kids a sick goldfish and a pregnant hamster.
No es tuitear, es sacar todo lo que traes dentro
(2) Na Li pulled it out, defeating Paula Kania 7-5, 6-2 in the 1st Round of .
\"Not one, not two, not three, not four...\"Maybe was talking about defeats when he made that statement
Wow my mom hella has a short fuse ! Complaining about using too many glasses all of a sudden. Talk about bipolar !! Damn if only y'all knew.
MY BRONCHIAL TUBES ARE INFECTED AND FULL OF MUCUS
The won't extend PF Ed Davis a qualifying offer, making him an unrestricted free agent.
Happy 4th! That we have a coming towards us in NYC seems like the perfect elements for a catchy song.
All the teams who deserved to go through to the quarter finals got fucked over in the last minute
Was fired today because I got sick at work and needed to leave but they said I had to stay and work. I just walked out I said fu** that sh**
The struggle to find something to wear before going out...
One thing college taught me is niggas close to you will lie nonstop smh
\": Why do women love tall guys? I'm a tall guy myself and I'm just wondering.\" Bitches feel safer with a tall nigga
Ezra is a creepy fuck
we cannot lose Altidore. cannot. get well very soon.
I imagine the worst possible fate would be to kind of look like Lorde and everywhere people'd say \"you kind of look like Lorde, you know?\"
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
No better time to get your house in order then Monday morning...
GoodMorning Mention For A For A (Strangers Are Welcome)(Roc Nation Fans Welcome)(State Property Fans Welcome)
2 bottles of goose that's gease
This world is just full of sluts and hoes lol
Finally watched ...nothing feels worse than realizing what you've been eating, buying &amp; supporting for so long is a lie.
Dance class at BDC till 12am? Why not?
I'll just save it for the field
I just feel like drinking today
Good night my friends, I'm ready to watch the game in the am , more . Awesome. A month of .
He pulled his hamstring by himself
Scrolling through this TL is like me walking the spice isle; I'm looking but I don't see shit that I could use.
Feel like I'm the family chef
Glad AF costa Rica gone thru
Goooooooooool!!!!! USA USA USA in 30 seconds baby!!!! 1-0
It's time to change the game up.
Here with my sexy boyfriend... THE Chris Zeller ;) xox Thanks for your beautiful support, my love!
i can tolerate joseline rap , as long as that shit stay in Spanish.
like Fowler park would be cool rn
I wanna be the girl you show off to your mama
I've known you my whole life but sitting in standstill traffic at the end of a 7+hour drive really brings out a new side
My car windshield is cracked... Wtf. But at least she's clean and beautiful again
Damnn I fell asleep from staying up all night, but I wake up to see that threw a NO HITTER!!!! FUCK YEAH!!
It would be cool if wouldn't fall asleep on me....
Disneylandddddd :-) Last day in Cali :-(
Had to learn the hard way that \"THESE HOES ARE FOR EVERYONE\".
Thank you for and that perfect Saving Private Ryan scene recreation. Yes- I say again, yes.
When my mom tries to give me dating advice...
Or you could do that
I don't understand women these days ; you take the most bullshit from your man and then got something to say about another's relationship ..
Not smoking is making me gain wait.. Ima have to find a chub chaser now!
No literally they have Jihadists in their team lmaoo
Just watched tape on Hudl. This guy is a stud. Come join the play for an NFL staff,\nAnd live in an awesome town
mike myers was a fool on waynes world hahaha.
People like things to blow up in movies, and action packed shit. It's why Vin Diesel and Arnold have careers.
It's hard to get favorites and retweets at this time of night
I know I'm getting better that's all that matters
Half of me wants to spend the rest of my life with you the other half is telling me to chill bc we're just 7fuckingteen.
*goes to sleep because whiteboy wants to act Lightskin and not reply faster*
You are a bitch if you make jokes to one of your friends about getting with her boyfriend
Pookie needa stfu rs!
I love my phone convos with !!!!
I'm beating the fuck out of this kid tmrw his coach never stfu
why does it seem like everyone's wearing a dress to jpgreenbean's last, like imma wear shorts
They need to let my bro out asap b real shit
get ur boob off of me
Psalm 35:27-28\nThe Voice (VOICE)\n27 As for those who desire my vindication,\n may they be joyful and glad.\n May they forever say,
Not even a minute passes 1-0
\": Beautiful freaking goal!!\"
tryna convince kayleigh to wake up and go on a bus is the real struggle rn
3azab wallah 3azabbbb. I'm so hungry
My daughter really gets hype when Colombia wins. Her Colombian side kicks in lmao
Yes RT : is purple rain better than thriller
Happy day to all mybasshead!
Can I rub it, can I flip it, can I hold it, can I get it? Anyway I wanna get it?
As people get older... Well they don't look as good. Brad fucking Pitt looks better as he ages.
I know how to have fun with out alcohol or drugs believe me
I would turn joto for him though (;
Shout out to all the Heat fans that talked shit all year and put on one of the embarrassing Finals performances in history.
Your upset I don't miss you and I don't talk to you yet last week you told me you're going to find someone so much better than me....
I'd rather eat crumbs with bums than eat steaks with snakes
Where is the D Miami?
Alright I can't remember tonight RIP
Rollerblading 18 miles to Tobay beach and back makes me feel a little better about eating that brotato this morning.
Trev reallyyy pisses me off sometimes
I dont fuck with people that talk shit about one person one day...and the next they hang out with them
Get up thriller!
Goalie didn't even have time to react
in need of beachglow tickets !! who ever is selling them hmu
.should really just go Arrested Development on the whole search engine thing and blurry Google's name.
What is a ladder is every step an opportunity filled with doubt that the ladder won't work or is it endless possibilities?
Brittney Daniels is the white girl omg.
I wish bands like flyleaf of korn had events like warped tour
Diablo todo el mundo esta tan entretenido en PR que nadie me habla.
Only in a life where I could sing I was meant to be in the cast of Jersey Boys
My head is telling me no but my body me yeah!!!
Wondering why jdog is always so mean:\/
If Richards goes to the islanders id blow my brains out
ARE U FUCKINN KIDDIN MEEEEEE
ma niggas wanna take uh nigga to the strip club on a Monday night you feel me lol
Oh Dick is just trollin' now.
So going to favorite but no follow ohh cold game lol
I ate so much and I'm still hungry ugh
I have to be at work in 3 minutes
\": adrienne being a big ass groupie\"
\"Mr. Edison, tell me what laboratory rules u want me 2 observe.\" Edison: \"ain't no rules around here. We're trying to accomplish somep'n!\"
I've been fucking with the wrong niggas
Let's go USA!!! So pumped!
Show them tattoos when you switch it up with yo Jays on.
Why does this all have to happen to me ???
My butt chin is beyond real
Dabs all night
Smh those are the shots that you're supposed to finish
Naaah no manches, borrar las felicitaciones en Facebook eso si ya es odio :S
NOT EVEN 30 SECONDS!!!!
Wildwood zoo &gt; Philadelphia zoo. Plus, it's free.
Veras kk por orgullo el amoL se va a ir a la misma mierda.
It's really kind of heart warming that other countries wish Americans a happy 4th of July
Up late for work and it's only the second day shoot me
Jerks are mad because I got the last McDonalds hotcakes. You snooze, you lose, suckers.
No one should ever have starbursts in my presence. They will no longer exist. They will be regrettably in my stomach
\"I know you have to go, and nothing good can come from asking you to stay - so I won't.\"
I don't think you know tour that fine...
Here we go again!!
Never under estimate the bad decisions of someone who's on the rebound
ALOT can change in a year
.They just did!
I have about 2,000 mosquito bites.
Thirty fucking seconds.
cause im your jazz singer, &amp; you're my cult leader.
Goalsoccer ties game
When you surround yourself with the same people that have the same goals as you, that's when you grow.
Loyalty is rare so appreciate those who give it to u on the daily
Sometimes you have to get burned to see the truth.
look at the stars look how they shine for you
My body : you should go to sleep get some rest \nMy brain : nah just watch episode 17
When me and my dad are drunk we shit on everyone's life deadass
I have to admit. I get attached way to fast..
My heart pure, he a real nigga!!!
michael jackson \/ human nature
Hodor is basiy Bran's Pokemon at this point.
I'm always starving at this time.
Y pos q voy a mi casa y q me encuentro un oso Asi casual
Should have been Chris Brown bruh, Fine China was amazing.
I just want to find that person you can cook with and dance naked through a forest.
you touch me like an iPhone application
I have to leave these fucking dweebs\/\/i miss someone that I shouldn't
i kinda felt like throwing up so now im just kinda blasting mindless self indulgence in my room and dancing rlly stupidly this is the life
I'm pretty sure I should have been alive during the 70's
I've been cheating on you \": 19. Bae wants to take you skydiving for your birthday. How do you react?\"
OMFG JILL IS ON THE RADIOOOOOO
since when do u watch soccer????? like lol
why are people so stupid?
Playing the sims and created MCR.
What to do? What to do tonight? Lol
Everyone wish me a cause' theres 2 minutes until my .
Damn I'm all booked up this week sheesshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Thanks for making sure I missed the free screening tonight. 'Preciate it.
YESSSSSS! Sensational strike!!!!!!!!!!!! Wohhhooooooo
Board president David Yoviene has arrived at the hearing
Anybody want to go get pearl tea?
I've never felt more hungover in my life than I do rn
If you're gunna fuck a stranger in a car at 6 am PLEASE CLOSE THE FUCKING DOORS LITERALLY I DIDNT NEED TO SEE THAT SHIT
\"SMILE HIPPIE.\" Well, that's a first.
If your into 5 year oldsss
Absolutely the Truth \": Love is fulfilling, patient, timeless and necessary . . . love is \"
I'll gift it to 5 more people! Dm me if you want it!
One more episode of gossip girl then I'll start my essay !
Can't wait to be a law student.
Lol there were SO many things wrong in 8th grade.
Half of your moms = no rings. Lol
Next week is finals tho &gt;&gt;
\"They want to kill rock and roll cuz they know it makes us horny man!\"
I need to become less afraid of identical twins. Just saw a pair on the street in Soho and gasped.
Thanks to our tasting which ended 2-2. We just changed the score of the soccer
Buffalo ranch chicken wrap everytime I'm at bww
ur all in trouble when I have money.urall in trouble when I can buy a graphics card newer than 2008.ill still b running win7 too bc fuck u .
it's really nice having no need for keys. I'm making that a life goal.
I'm just going to listen to migos everyday so when I get home I can rap every song
Every time an episode of Teen Wolf starts I feel like I've missed something?
I wanted the Sharks to get that guy..
Why are we all so quick to judge now a days ?
Why did my mom just buy me a rape whistle ...
You don't give up on someone you love.
Im pretty sure majority of middle schoolers have more of a life than i do...
So excited to stay in with my girls tonight and not go out
i really don't understand how people tolerate you
I don't care about my path, unless baked goods are involved.
put my semen all down her throat
I've been up for about 27 hours straight how do I human
If Donny gets off big brother tonight I'll probably stop watching
Idk what's worse, sitting in this car for a long ass drive with no music or Brandon sitting in the back being annoying af
Like what the hell am I doin right?
Forgot to ft. the awkward arm in that photo
I just wanna start my arm piece already
Haley just threatened to bash my skull with her phone bc I told her I don't like Fall Out Boy
im gonna do the thot walk when they call my name to come and get my diploma
Errrone getting dubbed it's thirst trap timeeeee
Thank you for everyone on congratulating me for competing. I know it's overdue but injuries held me back. It means a lot. September 13th.
I've never snuck out before
My mom paid off her credit card FINALLY
Kojo Asamoah can't play left back
Do I regret any of it? Not at all
I AM PISSED
Cooking shrimp for dinner barefoot listening to
Life just seems a little bit worse if you don't have Parmesan cheese in your fridge.
It's been awhile since I've had to wake up early for class
I just wanna roll my windows downnnn
I wish I could opt out of certain
I've never won any of the games tho
Did I accidentally shit my pants and not know it? Oh no, it's trash day in New York in the summertime. Can't say I've missed this.
I know this is a team sport but the rest of the Heat owe Lebron an apology
What another Good Game!! I salute Greece &amp; Costa Rica!! Great Game!!
I like things you don't see too often
Niggas are so thirsty, they stay empowering these ugly bitties into entrepreneurs, but then they ask why fat chicks say they thick, its on u
When she's not with you, she comes straight to me
You sound madd
And Aaron Ekblad goes first overall!!
HOLY FUCK MERICA
Ohhh myyyy goddddd. Dempseyyyyyyy!!!!!!
Never Lacking thanks to The Lord
ugh that was so embarrassing
If Teo think I won't text him pictures of bway untill he answers he's really wrong
I guess you just realize what is truly important
., , and Mary Fricker tell the story of Chauncey Bailey. Interesting, even though I read the book.
I literally slept all day today &amp; I'm still tired how
I wanna make a cover with Shawn because me and him would sound perfect with each other my voice doesn't fit Jacobs
So as a Female you can curse us out call us a bastard etc. But we call you a bitch you go crazy
I think Schoolboy Q should've won best new artist over August Alsina
PORTUGAL IS STRESSED
12 hours working in the sun= 12 hours too many
What are the best things to season cheese ravioli with?
JERMAINE JONESSSSSSS YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN!!!
my brothers friends are here 24:7
Thursday..Nyack Farmers Market .BRIGHT AND EARLY..8AM-2PM
Im sore af
These kermit the frig memes are out of control,
Les americains eux ils dorment dehors a cause de cook out
I promise you bible isn't the real twitter. Lol I have proof.
It's weird that I actually have to say happy 4th...
I can hear Taio Cruz being played from the fireworks while in my bed and I do not like it
when u get to skip commercials yes
I've been moving around since 7:00 this morning.. Tell me how I'm still functioning because idk
not gone stress , it is what it is.
What's with all these girls talking bout wantin a baby on my tl?!
I exploit the shit out of them
I don't want \"good\" and I don't want \"good enough\", I want \"can't sleep, can't breathe without your love\".
Al fin algo messi forro
This about to be a good ass game
Cesidia and I will be making a thing
Tryna get back wit me I'm like hell nah nah nah
\": watch this show yaa, nuh know why tati have me a think bout this\" lol
Fuck my back is killing me lol
y en la encuesta de y votando 500,000 veces la opcion de que Mexico se queda en los octavos
this is ridiculous i give up x400
What a goal !!!
I didn't think working at staples would make me this tiredd...
\": If you cheat on a girl that's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty.\"
up in flames, cue the rain
That was a lazer !!!!
Yo , rig the hillside raffle for and I
I blame dumb tv shows and by dumb I mean beautiful
So mad all natural shut down
All I know is that tonight the USA game is gonna be crazy!!!!
I gotta wake up Kay .. She might or might not hit me in the face
There are times I do miss old classmates from West Deptford
spontaneous and mellow night, just what i wanted =)
I put myself in the dumbest situations I just always think everything's gunna end up different
I have to see 22 jump street this weekend or else
just a girl by no doubt is such a feminism jam
Be happy for this moment. This moment if your life.
If anyone is down to watch transformers Friday you let me know cuz I am gonna go Fosho I'll even pay for snacks
I am so hungry I could eat a brick wall right now
I bought the pot leaf shirt so can shut up now
A 40 would be bomb right now!
It's kinda scary how your whole life depends on how well you do as a teenager like wtf
I'm a sucker for a sweetheart
she wanna do drugs smoke weed get drunk
FCKING COMMENT SHAIRA INCNA T RVEBATHE
That was one of the most craziest nights I've ever had
lil fizz cousin killed it
Why are you carrying 63 singles my nigga?
I just wanna be back at school cuz I hate working
I ddnt kno he got emotional, i missed this part to!
PLEASE FOLLOW and (Cc: )
Its like stepping on egg shells around this woman .
Don't look in her eyes you might fall and find the love of your life..
Cody wants to \"roll around\" with ? What does that mean?
Eddie Guerrerro's theme makes me miss that man so much. Viva La Raza!
Good Thing I Came Too Work , It's Slow As Hell
You have to pay to pee in the Jack in the Box in San Fran like...
I had to delete my bio cus I'm not friends with Mack anymore
My fone went from having a gallery filled with pictures to nothing. .
Happy Independence Day America. Happy 4th of July. Thank you 2 our forefathers who sacrificed so much for us John Asams, George Washington
I'm thoroughly enjoying Keith Hernandez giving in depth memories of Cashen and the 86 series.
July 4th is next week
The Beatles tried to be controversial in 1966 with an album cover showing them holding a butchered baby in protest of the Vietnam War.
Happy Father's Day Dad love ya you DEGENERATE !!!!!
Manu. Ginobili. My. Goodness. \n
This week is going extremely slow..
bitch I'm absurd
Everyone come to joeys text me for info
What y'all know bout grease lightning?
Jamming out to lizzie mcguire and i have no shame
all anyone does is tell me I'm a disappointment as if I don't already know
Summer classes done! Finally feels like summer! Ready for the to BELIEVE tmw!
I have the CRAZIEST fucking video ever!
I love the transformers movies cause pretty cars
don't call me cute im mad at you stfu
I just want to do drugs like ugh
Second longest day of the year, whoooo hoo!!
To the girl at the gym with a crop top, hair curled, and makeup.....no
I don't know anything about basketball but I do know that everyone hates Lebron James I think?
Sometimes you gonna be the bad guy when you stand up for yourself in a situation.
Damn you stupid girl why won't you drop your guard
So Friday we out to the fair??
If you can tweet... You can do anything... :p\nP.s. Dil k behlawe k leye hi sahi, khayal to acha hai na tweeps! -_^
I hate when I forget to text ppl back bc it gets so late where I'm just embarrassed to reply
If you try someone and they fuck you up . You deserved that shit.
Drop your OLDEST selfie.\n Whoever likes it thinks you're cute
It's dilf heaven at the gym.
Seem like everytime I put my headphones down they come up missing
Start the quarter finals for the world cup are France, and Germany.
You can't call me babe if you can't return my texts.
A burrito sounds good i should go make dat move
Lol free lemonade and cupcakes...yay
\"That's literally not normal at all he's psycho\" \n\"Like my uncle Greg \"
That moment when ricky gets shot in boyz in the hood still sends shivers down my spine.
90's cartoons on teennick is the shit rn
Ain't gone believe u if u say u there
Don't stress yourself out over things you can't control or change.
My dad made mahi mahi for me yesterday even though I'm the only one who likes fish in my house and today he made pulled pork sandwiches
LES RECUERDO , \nQUE LIONEL MESSI \nSIGUE SIENDO EL MEJOR JUGADOR DEL MUNDO ! ;)
Now he's doing 80 in a 40 zone..ok y'all pray for me
why don't you fucking tag me in your stupid subtweets asshole
Maternal health critical in child development but not the only factor. Exercise, relax, eat organic food, avoid and toxins
Edge of our seats
I am mad drunk with my homies
The only think I can compare to sleeping on a train is sleeping on a see-saw.
Klose to be lone top scorer in the history of the today!!
HT : 1 0
I so wish twerps would check FACTS before tweeting. Unless, of course, they are Liberals, in which case Facts are Fluid
Willing to bet Anibal Sanchez doctored that ball to Brandon Moss. Speculating.
Listening to Lightning Hopkins. Good way to wake up.
Pride weekend in SF is crazy AF
Mfa students remember: art like an undergrad
girl we just bonin, dont be callin my phone in the moaninnn
\": Frank Ocean and Lana need to make a song but they playin\" ew bad combo.
Last time signing into the school wifi..
Another hamstring injury for the US.
I kinda maybe in a way care
Ambition is priceless. It's something in your veins
My fucking hamstrings are tight man I need a massage
Snapchat game was on point the last 5 mins
At least now I know where we stand...
I cant wait till Mad Decent
Here I Go Again by White Snake is one of the best kareoke choices
I hate when my phone dies smh but fuck it I'm home and connected to my charger lol
I haven't drunk texted in so long, I'm beginning to wonder if I either became radically present, or stopped drinking and didn't tell me.
If a mountain is before you and God doesn't move it, assume he wants you to climb it. Either way it's under your feet
Wow he just put that bald spot in lebrons face
I put my bra on one leg at a time, just like everybody else
Watching this with my mom is so much fun! I completely forgot she was an all star softball player in HS
With all that drama and stuff.. Why do they even go to school still.. Like they really go to learn? but.. Deal with wolves, death and whatev
thank god twitter has gifs now so all the people I hate on twitter can be 110% more annoying.
Holy shit, it is two in the morning
Those 5 second lap dances. lol
Maybe I'll get drunk again to feel a little loveee
Serious question: what's worse: Matt Underwood doing the radio broadcast, or the tv broadcast? I gotta go with TV!
The weather is killin it though. As king as it doesn't rain. *fingers crossed emoji*
Costa Rica fans seem genuinely pleased with the result.
Which kinda sucks because if they get a new truck I'm responsible for paying for my own car! &amp; I want a brand new Chevy Cruze !
4am drunk tweets about life and shit like yaaaaayoooo
I literally screenshot 99% of 's snapchats. I just can't help myself
Never felt so fucking awkward in my life.
\"I'm not judging but..\" Nope. I'm going to stop you right there! You're judging! You can have an opinion! Just dont expect for me to care
Hoes are so thirsty for favorites!
I'm in love with the Cavaliers show :)
Only young boys say shit like that
Well my grandma kicked me out again.
The harder you try to impress the easier you embarrass yourself..
My sister is a girl scout so I was like do you eat hella cookies and her answer was a 10 y\/o version of never get high off your own supply.
Whatever was said in the locker room pregame is working!!
I don't even like comedies like that, but I enjoyed the movie
Someone Call 9-1-1. He Broke In, Took Things That Didnt Belong To Him &amp; Took Over My Identity.
She said Can You Get My Friends In the Club?
Starting the Church of Masseyanity, Biblical hookers are our saints, birth control pills are communion wafers, &amp; we say \"YOLO\" for \"Amen.\"
Alli needs to get off me...
there's nothing I can do to keep from crying
i do not understand the rude kermit the frog meme
Through URSUS\/MAINE CATALOG readers all over the state of Maine can request to borrow all 11 of my published books. That has me impressed!
Dude has just taken over Jackson as the most important jermaine in history
Shout out to one of my followers she is hot as fuck
I guess I'll watch The Purge and get scared to death before I sleep
I had a dream that my hands didn't shake and your wounds were finally stitched.
If she jams to banda music then its a wrap , im cuffin her
I'm really the ballsiest bitch out here.
Oh Red Sox you are embarrassing
Mamiss ko tay yellow gala, blue skirt ken high geels nga makapasakit saka.
\"Some dream of success while others wake up and work for it.\"
If you don't love iggy, I don't know if we can be friends.
Having dinner at a place called Ottomanelli Bros. I think I'll have the chicken parm.
Nas is sooo illmatic for using that intro!
Ugh- why is it everytime I go to check a FS the stupid Accucheck needs a QC???!!!!
It feels crazy to be this crazy
Shoutout for being a stranger tho
the kinda girl you like is right here with me
thank God I don't have any kids at all
That goes to the bitches that did me dirty... Yall won't find a better guy as me.
Lmaoo that tweet could easily be misunderstood
Excited for this Yankees game tomorrow
Don't complain about being single, then go to parties and clubs almost every weekend.\nYa nasty
capite che il mio primo pride l'ho fatto a new york sono una culosa di merda\n\nfossi in voi mi odierei
Gias phone broke and she literally started singing \"in the arms of an angel to it\" LMAO who is dis bitch
Nigga manu dunkin on deez boyz
trust me boiii, you wanna be high for this
I have nothing against smoking weed but if that's all you talk about you have a problem
hahaha 'SO KISS ME KISS ME KISS ME' all over my tl
Anddddd it backfired. Just like that. In the midst of you judging me, your whole world came crashing down.no room to judge anyone but urself
After 35 seconds OMG
when Im rich these 75-80 hr work weeks will stop, 'til then Ima keep working.
If I had a girl .. There would be no twitter right now
U woulda thought I was doin all of them
I'm getting more pissed by the minute
We call you it my jiggas tagging that
I'm slippin, I'm fallin, I can't get up
Valeria almost died right now on scream!
Nothing like a day at the Jersey Shore!
Can't believe I jacked up my ankle somehow. Can't work out today. No Bueno!
Scored already. That's how America does it.
So glad Leslie is still in the show!!! He and Willie are the best ones on the show and also two of the few nice chefs in it
I'm gonna reboot and tweet later
This hour study hall first period is such a drawl
If denies businesses card on contraceptives rule... remember all the $$$ lobbied like freedom of speech
MLRT is making me die with laughter
I really hope I'm going the right way lmfao
My laziness has reached a new level. I no longer even bother to open the fridge for food. I only eat from what's on the table. ?
Teehheehheee im 15 again.
IGNORANT PEOPLE WHO JUDGE &amp; PUT IN THEIR 2 CENTS BEFORE READING AN ARTICLE, ARE MORE THAN IGNORANT! JUDGEMENTAL DUMBASSES!
The 6 foot 9 mama black bear just scaled a tree in my yard to climb onto my porch and take her baby. The biggest giant iv ever seen
Don't tell me you love me and show me you don't.
Love yourself and show selfesteem then everyone will love you
Going to forever 21 as soon as I get my first paycheck
I Like Big E
not thinking logical, getting high, jump off the moon.
Hey hey hey . You guys should just all unfollow eachother so the shit talking stops.
Girls that are stuck up are Vetoed from mi vida
I'm gonna swinnnng from the chandelierr
Let the off season moves begin!!!!!
If only I can play soccer like Hasan...
10$ I fall asleep in the broadway musical
my dad birthday on Saturday and I don't even know what to get him .
If he only know how much I adore him...
This rain is killing my Independence Day spirit
My phone literally loses 1% every minute
I wonder if is ridin out w is tomorrow...
Don't blame me for your problems.
Happy 21st to my main squeeze :)
I practically live in Stamford deadass
I can hear tiff screaming from my dad's HAHAHAHAHAHA WUTS GOIN ON
Tim Howard is the man
Lezzzz goooo boiii
After discussing his journal, Marcus showed Andi his sticker book.
Atleast shorty kept it 100 unlike most of you bitchesss
Rothchild on the bullpen phone and he's not ordering for pizza..
I wish I had a BMO
I hate when you do this
I need to pee ..
When i dont know who the third party in the these hoes aint loyal performance and one of the residents informs ME its young money
literally begging my family to come out to dinner tonight at my restaurant considering I never see them
If \"science\" was a dude, I fear he would be the most insufferable asshat...
I do everything wrong I always do
so the guy at Chili's gave me his number. and he was really cute
Best line of 22 jump street- \"hey, what's up widdit?\"
You can only find out what I let you find out.
No wonder America has such a teen pregnancy issue; have you seen the prices of condoms lately?! Are they made of gold?!?
Now my parents know why we need a gated driveway
If your girl keeps talking to another guy don't get mad at the guy get mad at your girl for talking to someone else while in a relationship
Movies with my brown eyed girl cx
I wish I could go back in time.
Friday at Walmart......
NO Manu NO
Gooooooooooool! Gooooooooooool Gooooooooooool! ! Gooooooooooool!
Your boyfriend is hella ugly aint nobody trynna take him from you he's all yours stupid thot
\"I'll be in the shower with my tunes if you need me!!\"
That was kevin hart shawty !?
even after everything, I still wantt you
My dreams are trippy af i swear....
Its just weed not crack chill .
Makayla told me on our walk that she loves me so much like so much because me and daddy had kids lol
Yo this car deadass following me
I want some hard ass shoes ; but I don't want nothing nobody else got
Ella no quiere dinero no ella busca a este negro porque tiene flow.
I feel like talking my shiiiiiiit Odee on twitter tonight but let me noooot.
My dad's calling me American to piss me off foh
\": I need to go to a baseball game soon\" Angels bruh
I only watch soccer when USA plays men &amp; women otherwise than that I won't
Everyone in here knows I love Alex's face.
I swear I have the worse customers you'll ever meet...
Who you got in the hot dog contest today?
When I peep stuff and keep quiet
My sister is the laziest person in the world what type of girl is she I swear.
Oops I made you drive out if your way...
A slide from my room going into the backyard pool...... That would be Awesome!
madea family reunion
who the freak is rva hoes that followed me on insta
Got to spend my fabulous night with my brothas
I just realized how much banter there is between nations when the world cup is on.
Sure I'll work the entire time my dad is in New York State sure.
Bernice best of luck girl if you leave Tremont! It will never be the same with out you girl!
Got iOS 8 Beta 2. Some of the new features are cool but not as groundbreaking as iOS 7 was
Mi hear say a gaza yuh say!!! Suh wad up!!!!
Happy Independence Day, healthy people! I am celebrating by moving to soft solids, and listening to the storm. How are you celebrating?
\": I know I couldn't props u are the king\"\n\nHahaha that just made me laugh
Sheesh I guess that's not happening
so nice of you to stop by, Leo
QUISIERA QUE TODOS LOS DIAS FUERAN ASI
I have not slept in my own room for like 4 day straight .
Kids been working since 7 am working 80 hrs weeks the next 2 weeks before vaca best believe I'm balling the fuck out when I'm on vacation.
Last night was so real. Too much fun with great people.
--\nAja y Sus Conversaciones Me Enamoran Cada Vez Mas (Y)
Am I wrong? For thinking out of the box of where I stand
I was gonna release the 4th album today but i didn't feel good cuz i got a stiff neck. Hurts real bad but ill get it out tomorrow!
I've been sitting in my car for 10min already WTF
Jay z beyonce July 11 or 12
Lets just hop on a plane and go somewhere nice for the day
\": RT : Nick Young will opt out of contract and become a swaggy free-agent.\"fuck
it's called being in a mood , not two different people .
I'm tired of everything I just want to be happy
I really dgaf who you are, if I have a point to be made, imma make it booboo
hoy fui a sm y me queria comprar TODO.
Quote of the day: \"I find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think and all the words I want to speak.\"
I'm sleeping over Ashleys house for grad rehearsal tomorrow and we're making fart noises and laughing our asses off just think about that
You're such an asshole I swear. You have no room to be one with your shitty life.
Walked across the Brooklyn bridge and passed a group of people carrying a log screaming \"for America\"
Spurs are hella fucking with Miami by letting em think they have a chance at a comeback
Congrats to great fight bein a man down for such a long time
You know those times when pizza is more of a necessity than a craving.... This is one of those times
Every night I go to bed hoping for a better tomorrow
Wettest goal of the tourney so far. Omfg that was just, holy shit.
Another whiff by Ronaldo. How predictable...
Switched to Hairspray Pandora. Also good.
I don't have to be at work until 11 tomorrow and now I feel obligated to do something interesting
My birthday is in September but I zont give a fuuuck
