Fuck this im going to bed. Good night
BABY I CAN MAKE THAT PUSSY RAINNNNN OFTEN
You learn something new everyday and that applies to your makeup look as well. Don't get stuck with the same all same all. Be adventureus!
But if your a girl who's been beaten up you gotta go .
Did Ashley party get turned out ?
This cross eyed bitch was flirting with me at the mall
I remember, many years ago, someone telling me I'd be out in California working with computers some day. The idea was so absurd. Here I am.
Sheree is ready to resign from the Woman's ministry... That's gonna start alotta problems.
My dog is so scared right now. USA
im just a jealous bitch with a broken heart, sorry.
\"Doing drugs doesn't make you a bad person and giving hugs doesn't make you a good person.\" wise words of the Kevin Kaminski
Still can't get the heat out of me from earlier, and that workout only made it worse. Le sigh.
U.S., Australian, British, Canadian theater all share same problem: ruled by Old, rich, white ppl
I know he already said yes, but still I feel like it's the polite thing to do haha
The first kajoor tastes so sweet.
\": ur not allowed to be busy you're my only friend\"\nWhat people tell me
My mother even manages to bitch at me while I'm in the shower. Like fuck off.
Moms lackin !! I need to get to the gym
Rock Lee is fighting a kangaroo. Damnit, I hate filler.
All you do is complain! every tweet is you complaining like gtfo twitter please
.People who narcissistically believe that they are so smart they know better than the peons (us) have already given up integrity.
Sydney now knows how much of a fatass I really am Yey it's real
Damn just realized my name still \"almighty lbk\"
Slim women with nice titties and a perky ass &gt;
Come and take a walk on the wild side
They charging us with homicide after we are done with this open bar
It's gotten to the point where I can't leave Target without picking out a new lipstick.
You've been thinking about next year since May, like stop.
I would like to know why my camera isnt fucking working
yooou take beautiful to the max can't help myself when ya look like that
Yooooo its about to go down Saturday vs
\"I can see the appeal of vaporwave.\" - , fucking killing it
They say everything happens for a reason what's the reason for this?
Just got a call from Florida going 1st overall I guess
It's time to finally move on and be happy again.
Waiting for the Liberty to get this W
My dad went to work so we arent going to do anything &gt;_&lt;
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT BEYONCE IS SINGING HOLY GRAIL!!!!!
Roos score 2 pretty passing goals, both by with nice assists to make the score 4-1 Roos
When I needed you, you weren't there.
These four lined up pimples on my chin &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
TIL that before today was 0 - 2 against lifetime.
Ain't for everyone. Works for me and mine tho. RT : Stop dating ppl you meet off twitter!\"
Being forced to hear both Chris and Sean's negative opinions about my beautiful husband who will be 40 tomorrow!!!
This is the most offensive episode of The Boondocks ever. Perfect episode to end the series on.
Goal in less than a minute!!
First thing im doing to my car is the sound system....shits gotta knock
Went to bed at 2, didn't get any sleep. Woke up at 6. And been going since, I'm gonna drop in a couple hours
If a person continues to get an \"F\" on a test, you will question that persons methods
\"hey man you got the time?\"\n\n*looks at analog watch*\n\nummm\n\n*looks at phone*\n\nit's 5:40
Siempre debemos hacer las cosas lo mejor que sea posible.
USA! USA! USA!!
The music they are playing qt Darien Lake makwa me want a Dino hunter hat
We deserve to win this game.
ba ba ba bam bam bam bam ba TEQUILA
Ngl it was fun pushing the jeep but so damn tiring
literally the worst person to have to record shit frfr
Throw that ass in a triangle
No but really, buttered corn with salt sounds waaay too bomb rn
Love how two-faced you can be. It amazes me.
\"At the end of the day, things happened that way for a reason. \"
Niggas dont die in halo cuhh!!! Wtf
We definitely got lucky there but we came away with the win
Boyfriend + I spent our Friday watching and that's what I call love
DYLAN OBRIEN LEMME HAVE YOUR BABIES
GMA-what's w\/me always being 2nd in Que for However seldom getting
I'm not chasing after nobody . If you wanna leave den leave mane
Pissed soo hard my hat fell off
Este pibe no entiende que somos amigos. Que pesado-
Preaching this morning from 2 Kings 2 &amp; 6 on \"Representing the God of Hope\"
I think we need a little distance
If this love is strong why do I feel weak?
Literally all of my mom's friends and their children are doctors\/in med school.
Me cago y me sigo cagando y me requete cago.....
And Messi scores!
Who tf wears a Louis belt to the beach ?
Every day here is better than the previous one! How much i love you America!
Why isn't 's nickname \"The Floater?\" !!
Las mismas mentiras, con una cara diferente.
I literally don't get the world and I don't want to get it like everybody needs to mind there own business
I found the Giselle pants and I feel like I just won the lotto
Always been super proud of maintaining a cherry phone with no sleeve or case. Just met Mr. Brushed Concrete, and he has Opinions.
People need to stop talking about and leave them alone thanks :)
When I was younger I dreamed of flying and putting time in at times life need fresh creations and new designing
I hate when janeth comes cause she's always in a bad mood
Them spray brownies would be clutch right now
I think drew forgot about me..
Just remember all the good the purge does
GEN HAS MY TOM CAT THAT FUCKING BITCH
lol Laura would totes take Kaity and I to &lt;3
i wish i could meet cam and we can take like cute pictures but thats never gonna happen
looking back at last night and just realized how many people were out and how drunk everyone was. I had a great time
Hey -- are you wearing your ring in your picture? Love it.
I lock my door so I can sleep in, yet i still just woke up to her biting my arm. The little gremlin\"don't try and lock me out ri, not nice\"
I don't know why you say anything you should stupid and you're irrelevant
If a nigga ever talk down on me please believe me he's mad cause I stop fucking with him I stay making niggas look stupid
Hombre solo es hombre si respecta a una mujer
Erick pissed me off so much.
Via : \"It was all abt the CEO of .' What a day. Quite a slippery slope. What will be next?
So when a spur flops it's okay right?
Idk what ya heard about me but a bitch cant get a dolla outta me!
I kinda wanna prank call Shinarri, and talk about church and God and allat.
I wish I can wake up and automatically have in hand.
I feel like all I do Is work and when not working I just lay in bed
\": The best way to avoid disappointment is to not expect anything from anyone.\"
Dude Thats Like All You Need To Get Your Thoughts Straight, You Feel Like Everything Makes Sense.
I fucking hate flys!!
The worst feeling ever is not knowing whether you should wait or give up...
Watching Paranorman DVD never to old for cartoons
PHONE CALLS ARE THE MOST TERRIFYING THING WHEN YOU HAVE AN UGLY VOICE
I definitely enjoy life making 4 times your salary lol
Kick to the face really?!
Fuck man everyones at Grandview and I'm in cali like fml
Derryck Thornton is making it tough for Heron now! Has a few tricks up his sleeve..Terrence Ferguson just caught fire too
Coffee. Playlists. 8:30am and 9:30am East Hamptons
Don't tell us you'll be free if you're not gunna answer.
MT : theorizes that Americans may have been responsible for - and planned - the Great Fire of in 1776.
Holy shit that dream was no joke
I just seen the nigga who played lil cease in notorious (lil kid from losing Isaiah) that nigga is short as Shyt. Made me feel like a giant
ADIOS TIME FOR THE LIVESTREAM
we could be out doing stuff by the lake but the entire week we're stuck babysitting ((:
I know u plotting for revenge
Got niggas from Dyckman to Cortland to RPT to Mott Haven to Edenwald to Wash Heights to LES .... Even got Yonkers. The Scouts are OUT !
But wit them thick thighs legs n breasts of yours I want some Chicken can I have a plate? RT \": Hate never makes you great....\"
my dreams of being a back up dancer were shattered in university when I didn't make the hip hop team
Whose down for Flynn's next Sunday?!
Jermaine Jones can teach Ronaldo how to shoot.
Missed calls &amp; ignored texts. Late night I'm staying up stressin'.
Malta Ave kids have so much pride in Malta Ave
JOZY DONE HIS HAMSTRING. that's probably the end of his work cup campaign
Siempre tiene que aparecer alguien quien va a querer acabar con tu dia
\"I think Kris Kardashian is my spirit animal\" -mom
First line: boppin' thots since 1995,
I finally watched gangs of New York lol that movie 4 hours
I have such a big crush on Tyler Carter holy shit
If the heat get pau gasol then resign the big 3. They'll be unstoppable
ajajjja te juroo... a recien leo ajajjaja
If this is how bad I take it when my friends leave the office, I'm in for some real shit when people start dying on me.
I hate fighting with my mom over money
This bitch is a nut job im telling you she talks shit until go her face to face and acts confused.
Oh man the horoscopes are coming
Please pray for my family who is in Alaska right now
blow my smoke in the sky, still ignoring advise, on the roof gettin highhhh
\"I just want to be the First Lady... And eat ice cream\"
Trying to ride dick and I have a fucking cat in my face... Like can you not
Went to bed sad, woke up mad...someone please cheer me up
The players to where some would remember me. It would really suck and hurt if they get knocked out.
sometimes i think about chopping my hair off but ik i never could do that ever
My lip is tingling,is that normal? I hope it is
Maybe I should just go and die somewhere....
A long diggs like UHHHH UHHHH
Lol she look like queen latifah in set it off
Sleeping ? With her lazy ass
Great moments in sports history. \"To get here, I ate 40 hot dogs in 10 minutes.\"
Even if you aren't watching please tweet
Hopin denver makes it splash in the draft!
For close friends, \"Happy 4th of July!\" would just be weird. It's more like \"Happy 4th faggot lets go eat some hotdogs\"
i want to stick and poke \"my sun is your sun\" on my forearm
Patience is a quality I greatly lack
Top 2 things I have to do when I get back from Cali, 1. Color my whole head purple 2. Buy black jeans
Rob hills twitter rants are everything
Where u find bee movie that films my shit
september 24th needs to hurry up cus anyone who knows me knows I'm dying without svu
Soo anyone want to pick me up from Snell?
Shelby just sent me multiple pictures and a video of her and Elvis spooning
Gunna try to do this every day! Going to try my hardest to be fit again
Why do I always send snaps to the wrong people
\" Fuck with me and get guap or you could fuck with me and get shot! \"
You talk a pretty big game
I want to sleep, ive been laying in bed for an hour dammit!!
I was happy as I walked out of dance but then I remembered that evergreen didn't accept me into their district so now I will cry some more
That's it I making a montage off of my cod timing. Fuxking insane
Omfg!!! Llooooooooool Portugal
I like the way you move
Happy Monday \n\nIs it 4:30 yet?
OMJAJSJAJS IT'S ON
Don't say new music and then proceed to play Iggy Azalea-Fancy
I don't think there is a bright side to any of this
Uuuuuug I can't buy my tickets to see Aug 9 until Monday the website won't let me Grrrrrr!!!
Well folks we are number 22 for take off at LGA tonight.....
Someone come sit with me at this rad fire i built at my house
What hurts more than dropping hot oil on yourself? NOTHING.
My aunt likes to assume I would ever let her adopt gunther..
I need to go to bed.
Just got paid
I keep falling asleep w\/ my phone unlocked and its not okay.
Dash berlins 2013 edc set. Heaven
You could be anywhere you wanted but you decided to be here with me, no coincidence it was meant to be
Dempsey's nose is probably broken right now
A bad day of fishing beats a good day at work.
Just got pushed in front of a suburban by
Ran 3 lights, 4 stop signs, there was traffic so I just booked it on the emergency lane.
\"Understand something: no man bosses me around.\" You go Jelena!!
50 likes from 432 followers smh
HAVING SEX WHEN YOU OWN A CAT IS IMPOSSIBLE
I thought suzyn waldman was going to take phone #'s
Todos los dias y a toda hora , electronica como recurso de primera necesidad !
Walking down the streets practicing what taught me today! The looks I'm getting are epic!
I BELIEVE THAT WE
I would like to thank all of my experience at mardi gras for helping me navigate my street on parade day.
Just text me. You're not annoying.
Nani is fucking ass yo
Not feeling these regents coming up
Today is the day that I become a changed man
On the phone with the customer service for my credit card. This lady said verify and send in info, for wat?? I been with you for 2yrs. Duh!!
Can't wait for you to get here
If it's not one issue it's always another. One addiction for another. The endless cycle.
I'm so mad and don't wanna hear him talking right now
Hoegaarden is such a dank beer
I just rearranged all the apps on my phone and now I can't find a thing lol
I never wanna go back to pa
I wish I could move on . Like fr , everytime I'm content with life and being without you , here you go
Only if we could put Donovan in
Working on a 4 hour delay. ....
changing the view bc wildlife is literally running on our feet so we feel unsafe lol
She's really good. Like really good. But she looks like Prince and Rihanna had a child.
Not a soccer guy but if I dont turn on the game im un American
I'm falling asleep if he does not replay ima sleep
que sempre sonhou em aparecer no Panda quando eles cantam os parabens
Get the fuck up pussy
Just saw one of the \"retweet this or you die in the next ten seconds\" things and scrolled right past it
Cool stat - more goals have already been scored in this World Cup than the whole tournament in 2010
O creo que es la holly beard.
I never thought this was going to happend...
Do not eat left over pasta it forms a rock in your intestine ha ha watching Dr oz BTW I was offered another job should I abandon the granny
She swears every word that comes out of her mouth is correct.
Who wants to go see 22 jump street with me?!
I'm done trying to be apart of people's lives, if you really care then you can come find me
Gtfo my face with yo fucked up life.
My mom is the hardest worker and most caring person I know it's too bad her family is the complete polar opposite.
I miss mrs.bellivou man anyone got her number wanna hit her up see what's shaken
Whores, fuckin whores make me Lol
Everything is gonna be okay. \n\nIs what I tell myself but it actually isn't.
I'm leaving in a week and I still don't have a suitcase..how does this happen?
Hannah just called her sister satan WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO MEAN
What worse knowin its over or dying first
Playing chinese\/relaxation music in the pizzeria tonight. Come by eat and relax
My cousins friend is drunk, native run is playing, i have margarita spilled all over me. A TYPICAL DAY WITH MY FAMILY
Borges looked much happier after that.
Come on Jozy! We need you man!
Why call someone if they never pick up...
*Breaking News* Landon Donavan on next flight to Brazil!
You live across the street in we never chill .
I GET NO SLEEP AT NIGHT OOO I SLEEP ALL DAY &amp; STAY UP AT NIGHT OOO BAAOAOAOOAOA
Looll just lost $100 :(
Its the best when you wake up and realize that you can get a few hours more of sleep but then when you actually have to get up its terrible.
I'm so excited for gunna to meet my Fam bam
Wakeboarding can be hard on the body. My neck and shoulders hurt so freaking much
About to play a secret show no ones invited this tweet will self destruct !
Pretty sure no one can make it through Grand Island faster then me in a motorized vehicle.
If this thing doesn't work by tomorrow I will cry .
At JFK with our way to Florida:D CEO and other shenanigans to follow.
What beautiful goal!!!
It's 11:30 and Katie has already thrown up
\": Never take a \"no\" from somebody who isn't in a position to give you a \"yes\" in the first place.\"
All the times I was wrong it turned out rite
Tp9 is back
IM SOOO JEALOUS RN IF THESE GIRLS THAT I CANT EVEN WRITESEEEEE!?!!?! &lt;--- SEEE. PLSSSS ?!?? jdkdkksieiejnfnckl
Esa mirada encantadora. \nEsa sonrisa me enamora.
Omg is this a joke rn
We find ourselves sexting until that connection is restored .
People who have no idea what they're talking about please stay off my timeline
12. What's a piece of advice you'd give to a group of teenagers?
Cuanto mas se va a tardar el jodio avionnnn?
Je tweet au resto de mon hotel avec mon iPad je suis trop thug cherche pas
the best thing about being single means the time you would put in for someone else can be put on yourself. independence an self reliance.
Kelsey is the most beautiful girl I've ever met.
Sam has depressingly moped around and played the song \"stay with me\" like 12 times today. This can't be good
Actually in bed by 9 but bout to be up super late on the phone with bae I already know
Where iz thee entertainment 4 zee nite
I had a bad feeling about this ...
8 Mile really fucked me up.
This nigga is forever gonna stay brolic i swear
I wanna go to the beach
Jus got home from a long ass day glad I'm in bed with him tho deres no way else I'd rather b
That ovo and that xo is everything you believe in
Words that describe other artists from : \"hat\", \"let the rain fall down\", \"she can REALLY sing!\"
Gooooooooool vamos por el otro!!
I have such beautiful friends, it's cause I'm good looking.
Every time I'm with Jenna I sweat profusely and she is shivering cause of how cold she is
Would love to know what the fuck is up ur assss
I've been waiting on this squirrel to pop it's head out for an hour now
Watching college baseball WC this game is huge for the kids
A Celebrity News show was talking about the &amp; they showed a picture of Aaron Hernandez. Lol WHY.
Now and days titles dont mean nothing there people out there w no commitment doing better than those who are
Spent all my money now I have to wait till next week to get my nails done bleeh
Church was good though I really like this spot,
I want to hurt you in so many different ways
Bitches be like if you dnt suck dicc you gonna be single meanwhile they got all the diccs in they mouth single as a motherfucker
Rewatching the fellowship of the ring, it's been so long :')
Yo gen is always typing in caps scaring me and shit
Lotta possession for Ghana so far, a little scary.
I'm pretty sure every person on my timeline except for Motown kids are out of school already
Nothing says \"I care about black people\" like pics of Obama eating fried chicken and watermelon
Do I have to be mean today? lol Cause I really don't won't to.
How they got everybody and they mama in the theme song and shit but they like never put Isaac no respect bruh.
\"The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.\"
DO U LOOK YOURSELF STRAIGHT IN THE EYES AND THINK ABOUT WHO U LET BETWEEN YOUR THIGHS
I could've made that and a crippled toddler has better aim than me
If u never dined n ditched are u even a real New Yorker
Y'een talkin bout nothin, bitch shudduhp !!
Cant believe I was in the emergency room for 5 hours
Idk what I'm doing with my life anymore
Yes, a business week to fix their own mistake, but give the Radio Shack at 52nd and 5th Ave in Sunset Park your business. They came through.
How does Facebook know I graduated?
I need to really stop eating this late
Officially giving up McDonalds for a month and hopefully longer.
Morgan State Bear ! Msu18 .. Can't Wait
must be so amazing having thousands of people come &amp; watch you perform what you love to do
You mad bro?
Too many Daisy Buchanans in this world
Who would ever listen to me nd Sydney
want to watch me draw??? plug in beckbecks at join.me
WONDERWOMAN BATMAN AND SUPERMAN BYE OMG
TEEN WOLF IS NOW THE SHIT OMG YES
At this point I always think of early Wim Wenders film \"Die Angst des Tormann beim Elfmeter\" (penalty kick).
A leader would be perfect right now
7-11 buttered roll and an iced tea
I just taught CJ chemistry over a text message
I can't wait to take pictures with everyone tomorrow
these days everyone thinks they gonna make it, there's nothing wrong with that tho, I feel sorry for the ones thinking they already did
He promised too ):
Enjoy your food today, have a few drinks. Don't skip your workout, just get it done first so you can have a good time.
\"Life is dangerous. Every day is dangerous.\" Wise words from umma. \/cc
Why do people think its okay to pop up when im taken !?
Nice miss Ronaldo.
After you eat tacos, smell your fingers, that smell is exotic too
C'mon lets keep the momentum! Damn injuries...
Bartender asked for my number so free shots???
Someone take a shower for me, I'm too lazy
texting my mom like \"you know all I eat is cereal when you're gone right?\" hopefully she'll bring me back food. this normally works.
really tempted to go downstairs and eat the rest of my bubbas. But I'm way to comfortable in my bed
So sore from project safe grad..
I just finished editing a long form documentary , back to looking for some new gigs.
\"these carrots can get it\"\n\"what can they get shelby?\"\n\n\".....\"
\"are you old enoight because i want a pice of u\"....no no i am.not goodbye
Y'all give where we are from a bad name
\"i tweeted fuck america. im so over this country because im so hungover\"
Still have a crush on oomf but fuck that!
My dads the shit holy Jesus hahaha
I don't like you one bit
Has no one to go to the carnival with lol
Leave it to me to end up in the ER with my blood from my foot gushing everywhere.
So fucking tired of this house ohmygoddd.
My new apartment came furnished with all of the same IKEA furniture as my old apartment.
those 12 hours of sleep were glorious and much needed
Come on team usa! Let's get Portugal out!
Damn was that freshman year too
I will never understand why some parents buy their teenagers brand new cars. Because that's smart....
I need to go to a nail salon with a friend that speaks Vietnamese cause I know these hoes are talkin shit
I am ready for Lake George this year.
if youre ugly dont talk to me.. lol
Nina Simone should have named her tune \"Supreme Court Goddam\".
They slackin on me but I'll take this weeknd off happily lmao
I guess this is the new spot
\"There's no . We just want to pay them less and make them pay out of pocket for much much more!\"
Sorry for the late post but I wanted to let all my 2048 fans that came out to show love and learn the game that I do this shit for you
A really well dressed hot boy next to my on the plane is knitting with a massive bag of yarn on his lap
Shit I need to do something
To buy an O or not to buy now that is the real question
A lot of extended clips no actin
There is no grey. It's either one extreme or the other
My mom just called Teavana Tijuana. I don't think I'll ever recover
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
DISNEY CHANNEL NOW HAS A DISNEY REPLAY!? WHAT!!! PHIL OF THE FUTURE WAS JUST ON. omg...
idk dude that's a little agnostic
Ashanti still gets invited to these awards.
My hair is like wet from the humidity
TIM ALMOST GOT RAN OVER WHY CANT I STOP LAUGHING
I couldn't have gotten threw it without , so happy its all over thought
brows are out of control, hardly ever catch me with lick of makeup, weave never changes &amp; a size S tshirt instead of L when I'm feeling cute
JERMAINE FUCKING JONES YASSSSSS
it's not what you do, it's how you do it
What do I mean to you?
\"Push it! Control it! Seal it up!\"
About fucking time !! what a goal!!!
Guys sleepy voices are just so UGHHH
I fucking love Judd Nelson. the fucking man!
Holy crap this match is incredible!!
I've watched like 56 movies this weekend all to avoid studying
I SAW IT HAPPEN IN SLOW MOTION
Valuable Lesson, Man I Had To Grow Up
this aint beat street lil niggas
Seated and on the plane. So grateful for an awesome bartender at the OAK airport
Clint motherfucking Dempsey
\": .got shot tonight.\" againnn w t f
Fuck you Nani.
I wish my fam would rave with me &lt;\/3
RVD is too chill, duuuuude hahah
Oh since the days of the State to present day you never cease to make me giggle
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
I want to do so many things but don't have the guts to do them
Good try you gave it your all, fun watching you try to chase down Kaymer
2 stunning cover girls returned from Europe said: They find St.Tropez &amp; Jersey Shores to be real, Hamptons are still big wanna be.
If i can't remember it, it never happened
it irritates me how much I dont like my brother
21 and 22 jump street are both revolutionary
U would be liked so much more if u stopped the pretentious rude behavior u display
this is waay too confusing now. I give up.
that got me more pist than i already was
The cloud knows where your mobile phone is going before you do
More Colombian history in the making!!!
I will get a new phone soon and also a new account since I can't get my password so please follow my new main account
There's a difference between having big boobs and just have boobs because you're thick.
As long as we're here alone tell me your, tell me your secret\nI won't tell a soul I promise to, promise to keep it
Tue Jun 24 17:19:58 JST 2014 status with place
YESSSSSSSSSS fucking amazing goal !
Can't Date A Bitch Who Like To Party 24\/7 &amp; Shit. Bitch Go Be Boring. Go Read A Fucking Book &amp; Wait For My Fucking Text Bitch ..
\"Expect the unexpected\" can literally be a motto for my visits to JL's
I'm in the 5th grade.
\"Hey I think you're really cool, I like you a lot, maybe we can... hangout or something.\"
Mom just told me I need a friend with benefits... Lol.
My niggah AJ horny lady's hook em up
i love worldcup and i am proud of it...
Does USA not have defenders lol
I should've taken that poo on this field
Where did Beasley come from
i have a cute outfit on but when i step outside ima sweat my ass off
Good, Better Best... never let it rest until you're good is better &amp; you're better is the best!
my friend called me \"Travel Genius: The Spot-Finder Extraordinaire.\"
I keep listening to Hardwell station on pandora and that's the reason I never sleep
GREAT rehearsal at Riverside Theatre tonight! Show week of has begun!
I'm about to watch turbo because childhood and YOLO
oh shit. elena texted back in less than 2 minutes
Things don't always work out how you want them too, so expect a disappointment
SCOTUS ruling only makes sense if people can choose jobs using knowledge of company's religious affiliation. Ergo, it makes no sense.
\": I stay to myself most of the time now.\"
Smh at people calling in deliveries during this game. I'm tryna watch my country ball out, not drive food to your house
lol you really have a new bf already
I love people who think outside the box
This Spurs and Heat game is more boring than the Super Bowl. ya'll
been to real jungle in papua and concrete jungle in nyc!
We aim to keep it real
I have so many pillows on my bed that it's like I'm getting spooned in both sides... And who said you need a man..?
Losing your virginity doesn't make you stupid
The shit that runs through my head !!!!
Especially when I'm drubk because it's harder to evade them
Ugh I hate DJ Khaled &amp; French Montana like who invited y'all?
If $1-a-slice New York pizza isn't a valid reason for visa extension, I don't know what is.
Hija de la calle y la madre del talento
The people at the Tim Horton's drive thru on 12th that refuse to tell you your total until you get to the window are cunts
AMERICA, FUCK YEAH! RIGHT OFF THE PENIS!
Told you Navas had one in him.
every song on kyte's self-titled album is prime
Chris McDaniel (R - Sore Loser)
I don't like that switching up shit. Once ppl start doing that , I will never look at them the same way again.
!!!!!! but missed this somehow, unfortunately.
Always Working On The Next Move
Cherry Jones! Love her!
whoever is awake follow me on ig: elishagaton
every guys life long goal is to have a three sum
Looks like tomorrow is going to be a long day at school. So much class work to do
Tell em niggas my wrist is on chill
Seems like I can never do anything right
I'm so pumped right now
2 pitbulls and a tec 9
That moment when no one cares what you say, bitch
Riding thru Pennsylvania is great. Such a beautiful state, its like Kentucky but with a shitload more trees.
I was so into TMBG growing up. I don't even know if I could pick a favorite song. &lt;3 Dr. Worm, Man It's So Loud in Here, When Will You Die
250 new emojis coming in July. 'Nuff said. Via
This nigga prophet is a ass LMAO
Upright Citizens Brigade!
WILL THIS EVER STOP HOLY SHIT
\"You might have lymes disease, have you ever woken up with limes in your pocket? Cause thats a sure sign..\" ok dad
I knew Sasha was always strong mentally and physically. But damn....this shit is intense
Dempsey's nose broken, still wants to go back in
Damnit &amp; I gotta think of drag names now
If I wasn't working, I'd be praying for no rain.
I wanna dip that ass in gold
Excited to talk about design's role in startups w tonight !
My sister just bought a Kendama
i wish snapchat didnt show who you snapchat
Parents gotta watch what their kids are posting online. Now they are posting fights on school grounds ON youtube recordin it thats cruel
who is Kiki subtweeting?
Jalil should get off twitter is he's drunk bc he's getting all emotional.
suga suga how you get so flyyyy
I'll do anything with you anywhere
Clint Dempsey is just that man! Does it every year
Will I get home sick ?
disappointed bro, fuck.
OMG YESS JONES THANK YOU
\"I liked bacon before it was cool\"\n-Hipster Lizzy
No! Pulled hami for Altidore
The great thing about no school is you can exercise at midnight and you don't have to worry about being tired the next morning
Managed to secure my bike to the installation outside BAM, so I am both and ready to die free
No what happens life goes on
Wait where did the weekend go?
What's Wesnesday night without a new ? \n\n\/
Ugh don't wanna be at school right now.
I'm actually gonna cry tbh
- Como esse povo do Pinheiro gosta de ladaia , dOISAIJHASUHADUYGAFHJASOHFDIUAHSI
Argentina scored twice wut!?
If you start to live your life for fun and not for the judges I promise you your life will be a whole lot better!!!!!!
i would get a call as soon as i try to go to sleep
If someone surprised me with dominos at west meadow rn id love you 4ever
Need customer support . No luck with email. Please DM with contact info.
My eye is unreal right now...
only worried bout the $$$$ !
Zombie movies... I just can't
Going to start planning my baby b day only inviting close friends and relatives
Clint Dempsey is absolutely a genius
Who wants to go on a jet ski with me Friday?
The joy Jesus demands has scars. It sings happy songs with tears. It remembers the dark roads &amp; knows that more are coming-Piper\n
Jermaine Jones lets fucking goooooo !!!! First of many to come
Traffic never fails to make me irritated
WHY DOES NO ONE PICK UP THE PHONE?!
if you sleep with a bra on, you're a fucking weirdo.
Sometimes when people die they donate their body to science. I think I'll donate my iPhone. There's a lot to be learned about humans.
If so many black people are in the Navy, how come they think we can swim?
The truth may hurt for a little while but a lie hurts forever
USA USA USA
All I need is sour &amp; a good bitch I don't ask for much RP
6 for 6 on ! Happy 4th of July weekend!
Colton will be on virgin territory when he's older
\": Quest makes protein peanut butter cups and they are inside of me. That is all. Carry on.\" I need this now
Yalll niggas spending \"Jhon doe\" Money.. Not Yall Own.
Ghana's plan, beat the shit out of Clint Dempsey and Altidore
If you have someone who treats you like a delicate flower, recognize it
Confias en 5, te fallan 8
Sometimes I'm just so glad to be alive
\":Falling inlove just breaks your heart. Cause falling inlove just broke my heart.\"
Seeing people smile just makes me smile
Wish I had a nigga to stay up and talk to with
Bent that shot goalie didn't know wtf to do
What is causing my !!! Running on 4 hours of sleep. Need to knock out :(
Going in to work early today so I can take an extra long lunch break to watch the USA game
strawberry smoothies..on my way!
only understands how much I hate the US football team
FunRun was my shit Senior year during class
niggas wnna fight?
shut uppp , gonna take ya damn clothes offff
If I open my mouth and all my darkest memories come out, I need you to stick around.
They're a turnaround shop disguised as a software company, buying everything in sight
If you wanna join the dyslexic gang, you gotta lick someone.
funny how my friends dont wanna hang out with me
Does Beckermann play Groot in ?
Yes I'm a little competitive and I'm not going to stop until I get what I want.
Ladies, take care of your skin first before you pile all that MAC on.
Anyone else awake beside me stout Alex and Madison?
I'm pretty good at drinking beer
That was a fucking bullet
Ticos!! survives. Man down for about an hour and finds a way!
Then again, you never think you're at fault. Soooooo
Can hardly contain my excitement for my reunion with
USA should have won that game yesterday, but that cross by Ronaldo was unbelievable
ela sorriu ela sorriu , ai o bagulho evoluiu rs
Amanda's snap chats make me happy
Hahahah my boyfriend has so much time to think that in jail he realized our date 3 plus 11 equals 14
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be
told my sister I wanna come out to her side of the fence
youll pay for my boob job
\"Drugs are good and religion is bad.\"
Black out or back out bitches
Want to see age of extinction on Friday
Don't fall in love with the most beautiful woman in the world. Fall in love with the woman that makes the world more beautiful.
Sweet talk her like she means the world to you
Si nace pa vivir , se vive para depues morir
So apparently the season finale of will be during and yes our hotel has BBCAmerica.
i could spend the rest of my life watching netflix documentaries and i wouldn't complain about it once
True life is our life \n
Can someone tell me why my twitter is following ppl on it's own
Back in San Jose. . . I fly back home tomorrow morning.
\"Connor\" is a new joke, people
Wet hair + pillow = wet pillow..
Tuesday night tomorrow you know what that means
HOLY GOD YOU GUYS. THEY CAME TOGETHER IS SO AMAZING.
Wade bruh..... I think he needa call it quits
Really hope I don't get withdraws again
WHY DOES KIDZ BOP STILL EXIST. Every popular song these days are way too inappropriate for children to be singing...... And they just suck.
They Had Me In The Morgue... I'm So Nauseous
So whenever you see GM's talking the rumor mill starts up. They could be talking about what it get to eat.
lol isn't playing demon kane, vs vs regins
Ice cream song is definitely stuck in my head right now fuck
From the bottom of my heart i truly deeply hate you because you are a terrible exuse for a human being
To spend $40 on shampoo and conditioner or not too
My comments so far: love the jerseys! Love the cleats! Look at that in Ghana....
Too hype for the Colombia game lol
wait did billy get suspended for bringing his hamster in
I hate when I wake up before my alarm does
He's cooking right now
Wow this is so fuckin depressing like I can't even
If you haven't seen the godfather trilogy and you are over the age of 20 kill yourself
You gotta be A real fan of basketball or dont talk that talk, its just that simple. I hate hyprocrite people. Stop faking mothercucker
I geh a feeling happy gone win
Bass rush was too much drum and bass
In this past year I have found myself more and more &amp; I love it. I love the life I live
Thinking about the future just breaks my heart
Amber and I are in the same room but we aren't talking to each other
Just irked because I Wana go home
Meelah is the only one who can sit there and listen to LaTavia's cries... Smh.
Google's new Android design guidelines are solid. Hard to design an app that looks bad if you follow them.
need some new text buddies don't have too be nothin else
Can't believe it...why do I keep putting myself through bullshyt...hoi
Ambushed: the mortifying encounter of being called out on your appearance by a 4 year old stranger. They have no reason to lie.
SOME CRUSTY ASS FRESHPOND BOY DECIDED TO GIVE ME A SLIGHT CONCUSSION. BRB DYING.
I'm only grounded because I swung at my mom lmfao oh well !!!!!
I BUY BITCH A SHIRT GOTTA BITCH A HAT
Ole ole ole
Is there a soccer game going on?
Ok, I teared up a little!
I swear no matter what happens i still love you so much &lt;3 EE
I just want to be happy and I am except when it has to do drama club
so wake me up when it's all over, when I'm wiser and I'm olderrrr
If I was your best friend id want you round all the time
This bitch is at it again..
early prediction funk won't be rolling anymore after this match
Are you calling me are you trying to get through
almost a full 12 hours without a cigarette. winning
Can someone bring me in n out please
The amount of shit I get from all my family members about joining a sorority is so upsetting. It doesn't end.
I was right. Work is going to suck tonight. Coffee is a must. Oh, 's cat is PIMP.
2014 is the year of the sideboob
Astrology makes Scorpio's seem like they are easy, drunk, and dirty whores. Like um no. We are stubborn, but cute :p ;)
Now I just really wanna play that Backyard Soccer computer game all day
Never understood hospital pics or ER pics .. Like if u really were that sick why u on ur phone lol
One week from today I will be enjoying the views at in LA.
All I'm asking for this season is for Stiles and Lydia to get together tbh
Sometimes I look back and I'm like \"wow I was a bad person\"
Worried about getting dick down you need to find you a nigga that's gone hold you down.
I've had a headache for 3 days straight.
All you hear about is how you girls don't get treated right but did u ever stop and think maybe u puttin the wrong nigga in the friend zone.
tease me with your heart, \"i'll see you soon\"
Can I just say the sex scene between Jason and Eric in fucking intense
I hate being in a pickle because pickles are gross
USA game at 12...class at 1230...no shot I'm going to class
Timing is everything when it comes to relationships
Faggot royals. Hope all those hutches gets aids
Good old Ruffin BBQ
Bath salts are my favorite snack.
I'm so done with high school drama like I don't want to be a part of it anymore it's not worth it I don't want to try anymore it's pointless
I am a drunken noodle
am I the only one who will be sleeping on the 4th of July?
do u ever feel like a cantaloupe
When I'm 220 pounds of muscle I'm seeing Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Magic Number &gt; 0.5 means you break even in 2 years. LTV\/CAC &gt; 5X. Looking for these. Growth not part of equations!
I'm so tired but can't sleep sooooo
My relationship goal is to find someone who makes me feel the same way I feel when I'm eating food.
Is anyone gifting Life of the party Bc I'm broke ?
Have by far the worst head ache ever
\": 'Do you need a water? A lapdance?'\" WTF WHEN DID SPARKLES COME BACK
My friend just met Natalia Kills and I'm wishing I had taken to the show
Going to the Dugout Store to buy a Huddy shirt for Sunday and maybe a new shirt for tomorrow but hopefully not all the shirts.
Wtf these cats outside creeping me out sounding like little kids Tf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you remember Rams2k13,Heat of Knights, and pez with his selfie
Mothers last words to me before she leaves: \" call me if you need me to come rescue you tonight or something......\"
We change just like the weather from hot to cold to never
There were no followup prizes to develop the tech needed to go higher and faster, just an assumption that money would flow in.
Not sure if a tree fell or it was just thunder
Could really use an edible about now...
feels a lot later than 10:46 to me!!
I'm all about keeping it simple. KISS = Keep It Simple Stupid.
I jus got all my dms....
If Greece wins I will shit on the floor
i don't know why, how this person gets a new best friend every year. like whoa. its not you brooke btw
WE ALMOST DROVE INTO MEXICO HAHHAAHA
Running up and down making it supa sound beats like bomb everything gonna be gone - chad
don't even get me stArted on qthat nigga man, he started out with a single
I actually miss the shit out of high school already
The announcers are so gayy
Like what the hell my birthday isn't this important
why the fuck did the universe choose me to witness that wtf
85 ON PHYSICS HAHAAAA FERRIGNO IN YO FACE
I just really love Matt. Like a lot
Awful to see Jozy go out like that...
fine him now
The dick of america is florida and we fuck mad other countries right in the pussy. Especially Iraq
I want a really good vixen sew in
I come home and Lauren, Rachel and milo are watching 19 kids and counting and eating nachos
I feel the exact same way after graduation, as I did before it
Sometimes you gotta put your dick in the to get want you want
I just found out I can't use my data in Canada and I don't know how I feel about that
If anyone was feeling generous and would like to bring me Gannon's to my house I would probably love you for eternity
Lmaoo everyone in the bloodline is real life hella chill but our jokes are jst to harsh for some to handle that's all
I never knew black was my color
Feels so good to be home and in my bed
Dad and the tv repair man are talking about a guy overdosing on heroin... This household is never normal
I saw diggy sexy ass in the audience.
I'm not even enjoying the boardwalk.
Im still talking about dynasty warriors lol
Major shouts out to for finishing High School! Are you kidding me??
Starting to bump Dizzy Wright more. His music is lifting and places your thoughts in a meadow of tranquility.
seriously done making things easy for you. put some effort in
Over thinking is a horrible thing
I know there's been about 1776 tweets about the 4th. But I fucking love America.
i have a quarter tank of gas. where to go? should i blow &amp; visit the hoe?
Can't remember when I was home doing nothing for this long without finding something to do
Eeeaaa diache!! Casi casi
I love how the apartments are on top of all the shops here
I love spicy buffalo wheat thins sooo much
These corona and socal accounts are dumb af
Wow! USA scores in 36 Seconds... Is that a new record?
Sucks to fall back sometimes, you begin to feel like that person is the release that you need and you realize that they aren't ready to be
I started work at 3 it's 5 and I feel like I've been here 12 hours.
Gretchen Rubin is on David Leavitt's night stand! See NYTimes book review for deets
that was a GREAT ball omfg
proud owner of half my boyfriend clothes...oops
I'm a bandwagon spurs fan right now. Idc what
Trying to have some fun tonight..
(2\/2) In other words: when she sings from experience.
DEMPSY 40 SECONDS
Why do I have to work all day :(
So don't act like its a bad thing to fall in love with me
and I wanna go to life in color again, that was so much fun
There Is nothing more beautiful to me then seeing young girls who go on here and just love them selves fiercely and embrace their humanity
You make me loose my breath my heart beats way to fast And I get this ridiculously big smile on my face Words can't describe this
I feel like who I am has been stolen from me and I have no idea how to get it back...
I couldn't fall asleep if my life depended on it rn fml
on fathers day, usa decided to have an svu marathon about dads
Great players are great at the right time
Who's tryin to ball in a little bit?
Terrified to sleep bc there is a water bug loose in the house help sos
Well deserved ! only team I can say has fought hard every single game this world cup so far
kl dah mateng d'msak lg gosong yg da :D RT : klo ga mateng kan bs dimasak lgi :D RT \"
I love my sisters ; shay , nessa &amp; kayla
Troye sivans little brother got so god damn hot after like one year wtf
It's Americas birthday, go hard or go to Canada
My goal is not to look like but to have his determination!!
I really want to paint Minh white.. legit.
I swear i just saw chato playing
Goodbye and take with you!!!!
Thinking about my life right now is filled with a lot of stress already can't imagine owning my own house yet and stuff
Gentleman collector in question is putting together a first collection of rarest Artist Books. I'm making another Columbia Library-like box.
CLINT FUCKING DEMPSEY!!
Da American bae
I can feel my heart beating fast as shit
FUCK YOU BLACK GUY YOU DONT JUST KICK DEMPSEY
So I pulled out a gun and shot that nigga because I aint wit all that talkin shit
I think it's kinda funny how many ppl I \"picked up\" before I got \"dropped off\"
Bless Grayson's adorable heart for thinking I was from South Carolina ahaha
Meli said she gonna be at my house at 830AM.. Someone wake me up..
I swear I'm like white washed lmao who the fuck eats Carne asada w\/ garlic fries.... hahaha I do I do!
Thanking God for another day in the land of the living!!
If only everyone knew the TRUTH about you
What a great decision it was to go to the bar for the Mets game today!!
Needless to say, I'm feeling pretty thankful.
In desperate need of a running partner
Facts \": To keep a interested, you have to have substance and style. Don't come to them looking tacky.\"
Flipping between jarule radio and country.
\"You need a purse?!\" NO I DNT THNK U
What is this CSAC officiating SIR open your eyes
One of those moments where I feel like punting a baby across a football field
Someone go w me to the mall tomorrow and to get my eyebrows done plss
Man I could of gone but like always I find out the day of for these awards smh I need to watch more TV
If I find one more strain of hair that doesn't belong to me, you getting ur head shaved, in the middle of the night.
I dont put my phone to charge until is in like 5%
JUST TO BE CLEAR: If you come work for me, I will not force you to keep Kosher. But LEGALLY...?
I believe !!!!!!!!!!
Fuck what ya heard nigguh, I'm on that new shit
I'm ready to communicate with you now.
when something bothers me I'd rather not make a big deal out of it so I'll just lie to you and say nothings wrong. usually.
You should call me rn. Just sayin
Swearrrr. ..next time I hear that Boo boo ass \"turn down for what\" bullshit imma Flip
Can't believe prom is tomorrow, where'd the time go
FREEE RONDO EVEN THO HE KILLED A MAN!!!!
My Wife Bey Gonna Win Or Nah? ...
Aleja y yo estamos pasando por lo mismito..
can devins mom move to east islip please
Just because you go to college it doesn't mean you there being a hoe and thotting around
Leaving is hard coming back will be harder
I have no friends. Please rt.
Tomorrow is the big game and I still don't know who I'm rooting for.
Sometimes taking a chance is worth it in the end
Literally so relieved now that I'm only taking one class this summer
Game 5 comes down to one variable: Who's will wins out, or the ?
Lexi and Brittany are being soft all down my timeline
My new neighbors just stopped over to my house and told me my music is loud but their grandkids listen to it??? WELCOME TO MY NEIGHBORHOOD
What a rip lets goooooo
should i straighten my hair today omg
I hate when people post nasty ass if posts. People having sex type shit... Unfollow unfollow.
I'm such a child dude I never got tired of the hand-slapping game.
I love Costa Rica!!! te amo!!!!!!
My therapist be like \"I dono, what do you think?\"
I'm starving yet I have no appetite whatsoever.
Did Stevie J really just tweet that Joseline has slept with over 30 men?
My hair is way to wavy and curly for this shit
3 day work week I can do this
Top 5 goal I've ever seen
If I took a shot every time Portugal fucked up a perfectly good chance to score I'd have alcohol poisoning in like 10 minutes
They're not my Freshies anymore, but my Freshies are graduating tonight
That's why Miley Cyrus disgusts me.. She doesn't preach old school, but prostitution.. Dummy.
tonight I'll beeee the best. you've. ev-er haddddddd
Work is so lame today guys
Di Maria has improved himself a lot this season.
# do more Messi was an absolute beauty
There's a really hot soccer player on Big Brother.....OOOHHHH, is it going to be a great season!
I stay strapped like car seats been bangin since my lil nigga rob got killed for his barkleys
There's nothing more I hate than multiple texts in a row.. I'll fucking get to it.
I can't sleep omg I need something to cuddle with
Nancy puts a pic of me on snapchat that she thinks its an ugly one but I care not she has all of 5 friends lol
I didn't know Battier was retiring, he is old tho
Zero to a Hunnit nigga real quick!
I'm actually in hysterics laughing on the floor
Ayy send my nigga butt pics to save his life rn
Hating and tanner for making me watch a scary movie.
I be missing my bed sooo much when I'm at other people house
When I die wrap my body in Missini shawls and float me away into the Mediterranean Sea
Good Night Dolphins Nation!\nEveryone have a Safe and Good Evening! PHINS UP! Go Dolphins!
Well deserved. It was in the making.
In NYC, the dedicated detectives who\ninvestigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad, known as the Special Victims Unit.
I can really use a wish right now
I have a love\/hate relationship when it comes to the process of getting to know someone
\"You can't fly, unless you let yourself fall..\"
Okay let me tune into BET now
THE GAWD MESSI
Congrats to the spurs cant expect lebron to do it alone
Havnt slept in m bed in 4 njghts
Maybe someday we can talk about our past and we can talk about the weather
That was quick! USA! USA!
OH MY GOD THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
Be grateful, drink ya water and shut up.
This kermit trend is making me wanna expose some people so bad. But im above that.
Colbert is going to shit on John Green.
New drinking game take a shot everytime I've said Bay Area on this trip
Just when i start to feel sorry for your dumb dirty ass you do some stupid shit
The entire GOP is nothing more than a fundraising scam at this point.
The Rays Yankees rivalry is actually more balanced than the Yankees Red Sox
s\/o to dogs that try to attack freedom bear
Ochoa is the freaking MAN!
If I get out of bed for you, and put pants on for you, shower and do my hair and makeup for you, you better treat me like a princess.
MY PHONE IS CRACKED WHSJKA WHAT THE HELL
Soooo I just got home....why LeBron out?
Real recognize real, you lookin unfamiliar -
You help me pick out my clothes but you also fart in my bed and I don't know if I'm ready for that.
Went for night stroll in Central Park. After 8 rats, 3 raccoons, and whisper of rustling leaves, I ran out screaming.
I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand?
Best bet , never fall in love
Dont do shit to me that I wouldnt do to you !
I'd wager that after Obama's faux-paux w\/ reaching over the sneeze guard, that he also double dips his chips in the Guacamole.
Thinking about all the thots out there
hmm I wonder if clAndrew hates trains . .
Put on the cover of a Rolling Stone, uptown, down home, American Kids.
\"I'll eat half this 12 dollar deli sandwich now and save it for food for dinner tomorrow\"
We can both stay until we forget
Congrats to everyone who find it necessary to get drunk every night but I don't have time for that I have a job and school and a future
\"Hey there mister give me some cash I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast\nI'm just one hit away from being passed out\"
'cause if your love was all I had\nIn this life\nWell that would be enough\nUntil the end of time
In this great future, you can't forget your past.
I will forever feel safe and that I can escape any problem as long as I am under my blanket
I was writing LeoLOL for the Freekick he did, and he comes up with this...
Kirk and that chocolate raisinet he calls an Adam's apple get on my nerves.
When and I happen to run into at Happy Donuts at 1 am
ANDA A LA CONCHA DE TU MADRE
Participating in an innovation culture actually requires us to overcome some of our deepest instincts as human beings(human biology &amp; brain)
KRHV 302350Z 31010KT 10SM BKN150 33\/13 A2977
Convinced abby i jumped off a bridge onto a car and she believed me and asked what happened
He just said Joe Biden the US president in attendance tonight
My little brother made me build a fort with him and im laying on the floor and its not comfy ...
Slander someone so i can laff
I swear if Netflix does not stop buffering I'm going to have a major BF
Hoy gana y hace historia , un gran equipo que merece llegar hasta el final.
doing my mascara with the hiccups is an accomplishment I never want to face again
tbh the first season was better
I just want him back so bad . Don't nobody understand .
\": I been in the crib alllll day smh\"
Damn, I forgot to get snacks.
Malia you always do shit for me not to FUCKING like you.
I can never get tired of Got Your Back by TI and Keri Hilson.
The first pride flag was made by a trans woman of color, and now people use it to make a profit
So then brush your teeth again the fuck lmaoo
My roommate brought home a box of macaroons..yums
I cant stand not knowing where my wallet is
Church, then work from 2-6, productive day today.
And yes I said fridge. That will no longer be a conversation piece when new people come to our house haha.
I want a sparkler that never dies gosh darn it
some1 give me plans for tn plz
\"It's just like the Hamptons, only fucking horrible.\"
What a move by Dempsey
So the past 2 times I went to belmar I came more then close to getting arrested. Wonderful
When you get older you realize some things and some people ain't for you
Sing the lyrics word for word w\/me so I know it's real. Hahaha
Glad I am home now but tomorrow will continue my long day again
Currently watching Jeepers Creepers and I can't believe how scared I used to be of this stupid movie lol
I'm cold 90% of my life
biggest pet peeves at the gym: 1. When girls wear regular bras under their sports bras. 2. When girls wear their hair down. STOP.
You are very obvious, I see through your plan!!
Myles Parrish or Dylan O Brien
These people are so beyond annoying.
El puto televisor no me quiere abrir la cuenta de youtube.
Es Sheeran after midnight because why not
\": All these damn tittes lawddd\"
\"Vanderbilt: 9 runs in inning-- Most runs in inning in College World Series since 2008\"donuts!
Trishna's friend Dylan told me I smile to much..
Had to throw my leatherman keychain out entering the ballpark. The terrorists have won.
Hang up, call again, transaction completed in 30 seconds. Spinlock approach to airline rebooking?
Serious tweet, though. Does anyone know what time McNally's opens?
If I was right by saying brazil and Belgium in the World Cup finals I'll be the happiest kid
Are drone strikes cheating in soccer
I think the subway is the anti-blowout. Blowout kryptonite.
It doesn't matter who's wins I give respect to both teams they both work there asses off to get here
Beautiful goal forget the yellow card
Just trying to watch the NHL draft but I don't have cable and apparently you can't just stream it online hahahahahaha
i have 3 concerts so far next month but one is a music festival so that's gonna be epic
Govs sunday might be a bettington
Had to call my boss and let him know I left a bikini at work, very very uncomfortable conversation.
Guyz, Dane hasn't even said anything about me favoriting all his tweets... What's happening? Is he alive?
Ahh that was an amazing game. I wanted Algeria to win so bad :(
The lady next to me is snoring...i can legally strangle her, right?? It's verrrry loud... I can hear it over my music.
Bc that's what I am: a happy boy
wake &amp; bake
\": hahaha whatever bitch haha\"--same to u biatch haha
Los perros no me dejan tranquila jajaja
Make the homies say ho and the girlies wana scream
Bxtch check the numbers I'm the one who really get it
I hate my health class so much
With things in my office going to hell so bad, I'm putting a scary amount of stock in the bullshit that fucker was slinging.
I wanna fuck sooooooooooooooo many high school chicks
I'm kind if upset but gotta get over it. I'm only wasting time if I stay upset
Im so ready to come home!!
STACKIN so much paper that my paper had some paper on it's paper and it's paper
I give you more respect if you tell me you don't like my music. But that will never be the case.
Hear but cant find a waterfall
Loved this cover band, now it's almost time for the next band to play!!!
I'm so happy my drunk self remembered true blood is on !!!
Clean your dirty ass room b4 you take a selfie you fucking packrat
do u feel my irritated vibe
\"Looks like rob freshman year maybe that's why she likes him so much\" lmfaoooo chillllll
JERMAINE!!!!! jsndnowksjdndnnnfn OMG
Then tried to clean it up , \"you know what I mean, into a woman.\"
can't wait to be belligerent with my best friends and boyfriend
Put in Wondo!!!!!!
It's been so busy since summer session started
I have to say we do have some pretty beautiful sunsets
Forgot how terribly bad peroxide burns
I'm doing things for people who don't do for me
Omg is my favorite housewife ever! Always keeping it real and so well spoken! Love ya!
Navas you got this bro I have faith in you. We all do!
Shanked by Ronaldo!
I hit the curb when I did the 3 point turn and didn't know how to turn on the lights and thought it was over for me but he told me I passed
Stop trying to break up a friendship DANIELLE we've been friends for 15 years fall back little girl
Stay far away from me ...
HE DESERVES TO GET TO I LOVE IT AND SO PROUD OF HIM HE CAME SO FAR!!!
Omelet ft French - u got me fucked up\n
Buen gol de messi !!!
Walking dead marathon weekend.?!?!?im on it.
Throwing bottled water on the winner is not cool. Someone arrest that woman!
I met aunt if that counts for anything
I don't think it's possible to strike the ball any better
Way to go Costa Rica! Your cinderalla story continues to the Elite 8
para siempre. ha ha ha. \n\nok, back to studying.
Is that Joe Biden with Danny Glover?
Hey you should of woke him up before it's all over.
One of those I have to wake up early but I just can't seem to fall asleep kinda night
green jacket caps so powerful twitter won't even post them
Twitter needs new update where you can post GIFs from your phone.
oliver queen's nightclub\/secret hideout in arrow being the equivalent of the bait shop in the o.c.
That's fucked up lmao
she has dark brown hair and green eyes...I have dark brown hair and green eyes
Someone come swoop. I have hella cash flow and I promise we can do hoodrat shit.
Yup not happy to be home. I wanna go out already.
16th NHL draft pick from Massapequa
moneys all i get &amp; there's still money on my mindd, i ain't never satisfied
will pay $50 for troy to be here tomorrow
What u think about me takin u downnnnnn
Almost positive I just passed Lady Gagas tour buses and trailers on the AC expressway
First time in my life that I watch what I eat. Not 100% on the diet thing yet but cut a lot of stuff off
Good luck with anti-discrimination day 2018 in Russia, FIFA. Enjoy today while you can.
I cannot understand how people enjoy talking on the phone at this hour
This bitch really called asking for high top Air Force Ones
I done told all these bitches i dont want anymore kisses
One of those nights that you'll never forget
McDonald's breakfast wraps for breakfast! In car! doh!
it's too bright outside I can't see tumblr
Wish I had friends that were down to do anything
The Miami Suck! Hope you lose by 50 points.
HATE cleaning. \nBut you gotta kiss ass in order to make your mum happy -.-
Talk about getting your revenge
Made it to Arcata, CA. Our destination for night. Now for some salsa dancing and bar hopping.
Someday, when I'm a very old bald man, I can cosplay either as Captain Picard or Professor Farnsworth.
The best rivalry in sports is back! Happy I'm and to sit down and enjoy it
I can't never fall back asleep
But still. Who cares. I waaaaant mooooore
My online class is complaining to the professor that they have to do the final two days early! Time management people you're in college!
YO DAYS OF FUTURE PAST LIVED UP TO THE HYPE AND ERASED THE CANON OF THE OLD FILMS! BEST X-MEN MOVIE
Why do me and Tyler have to have such a big family???
I have to believe, he sees my darkness... \nI have to lift up, my hands to Worship\nWorship his name
I wish you'd try like me.
how does sex feel, asking for a friend
Do everything that makes you happy and make no apologies
So what do I do stop working out ?
If dad's doesn't play shit twinz tonight I will rage.
GOALZO VAMOS USA!!!!
and inviting the text to have its way with the actors, to both metaphorically and physically dominate them.
How many days is it physically possible to go on partying without stopping? Just curious.
Really craving some chicken and waffles from Athens right now
\": y'all got relationship goals but no life goals lol\"
So having my license is like the best thing ever. I can do whatever I want when I want. And I get to control the radio...
Happy Birthday to my boy
Today, recall something you used to love to do but gave up to be a grown up. Make a date to do it.
Really like Alexis Sanchez... A real shame he plays for Barcelona
35 more minutes and I can watch what I want to watch on TV
I miss having a flip phone
Phone screen cracked right at the end of work. Seems about right considering how shit has been going lmao
Those kids taken to the hospital must have been on a different le7el
Joey Chestnut let's make it 8 consecutive wins
I think about all the dudes coming from college just in time for the Entourage movie next year at least 2 times a day
i like living in the woods with no neighbors. it really is peaceful.
this is the first time going to panera and not ordering Mac &amp; cheese
I fuck em all the time but you know I never wife em.
Can't wait to not spend my bday with my \"friends\" ...and I'm not even being , that's sad.
It's not me, it's you
I really just realized some crazy shit just a while ago...
Maybe I'm in a bubble cause my hair is just hair and not a political statement or a source of pride. Its just a physical manefestation...
Tune in: RT : I'm talking books and beauty with at 7pm EST tonight! Chat with us!
CLINT DEMPSEY (English Accent)
It's like I have to go to the bathroom but I'm already tucked in bed...
Any new news about A Pagan going to DL fans
WHAT A GOAL JERMAINE JONES
Growin up in little pink houses makin out on living room couches blowin that smoke on Saturday night, a lil messed up but we're all alright
Oh someone got a goal?
I don't think I've seen reed since I went to new york
starving with no vehicle. Jesus help me
I kinda don't want be home
To this shit hurts hahah I feel your pain bro
Giving lots of fucks but secretly relieved that nothing matters
scores for then takes a kick to the face with blood gushing. ?
Ken got his license and a car all in one day
Vamos portugal si se puede...
SICK SHOT!!! !!!
If you don't have arm tattoos than you're probably basic
I need to be up at 8 why can't I fall asleep
Cuz whats inside of us no need to outsource
He just looking for love... he light skin.. cut him some slack
We ain't gotta make up just kiss me, we can straight up blame it on the whisky
P E N I S
Let's go on a date and relive what we had, let's make this one perfect &amp; fall in love all over again.
Why did the any fall off the toilet seat? Because he was pissed off
I think it's funny when people say \"thank you puberty\" cause most of the time it's not puberty that changed your face. It's makeup!
Should I tell her how I feel ..
All the NBA draft players are staying at the same hotel
Joe B playin I be at sin nigga don't hold out on the fine woman
Kate Middleton is an absolute dime
Jill Abramson just called herself a \"pushy broad\" during a panel discussion. She got a well-deserved round of applause.
We had the same taste , shit get bitter sometimes
Sike nah lil b is goat
Happy born day, United States of America
Intermission of . Great play. Very funny, and great to see the talent of .
Heard it's Poppin at the Spot time to get Right !
\": In case you haven't heard is heading back to Rochester! Tickets go on sale this Friday\"
I guess I won't\/can't get the privilege of ever being part of that
Seth Rollins, RVD, Ziggler, Kofi Kingston, Jack Swagger, Dean Ambrose and Bad News Barrett. Money in the Bank ladder match.
Someone said hi to me at the movies a couple days ago and idk who tf it was I'm sorry ..
people have a tendency to annoy me really quickly.
Come be babe if you loved the whole RetroHash album
Why didn't he take the shot
If tamela mann aint when that i wouldve blacked out
It is official . . . I just got hired to teach Summer School. Yes I am beside myself.
Omg??? Jelena use to witness her mother getting beat? Now it all make sense why she is the bitch that she is!
I hate when Big Brother ends and there's nothing left to watch........
AM GOOD at THAT Mr. CASE you are in THE ONE CREATOR od AMERICA ONLINE Mr. CASE nothing comes between ME AOL &amp; YA :)
how am I even single though - a novella by annie elizabeth morgan
I be quick so assume some shit that don't even make sense
I swear I hit the beach like twice a week
Business is about to pick up.
so I fell asleep, woke up, and now I can barely talk
I'm falling asleep to Sara Bareilles and no one can stop me.
might acutally rember this after prom for once
The bachelorette is a weird show. You date all these men then pick one and expect him to be okay with the whole season kissing other men ?
A slightly disoriented drunk Hispanic male asked me to marry him as I was coming out of the train bathroom ...
And thanks to my step mom thinks I got in a fight!!!
messi made that look easy
My face is going numb I'm so fucking upset.
Those must be some uncomfortable and expensive shoes the way that Costa Rican manager was running on to the pitch.
Why the fuck am I awake?
woke up crying last night bc i was in so much pain
What a tournament by Kaymer
Why do I have the feeling today's gonna be a bad day..
Dragging my heels to my friend's Pride cocktail party, no pun intended! Long drive.
Niggas going to Denver in two weeks hann
Music is our religion! S|O 2
Hopefully she know that tweet was about her in the future
Bitch I might be
Your the life of the party babby
hate being known as something I'm not
Gonna be in Mexico wearin my Neymar jersey
Ay dios mio what a save
Making Alex watch the whole series of monk
I may never go back to - sales force is WAY too pushy. Coming into the dressing room with me? ugh.
I don't need someone to try and come change me but thanks for the offer
OMG THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
DEMPSEY THE AMERICAN HERO
BREAKING: Hope Solo to guest star in season 3 of Orange is the New Black.
Los penales no son de suerte. Lo sabes patear o no lo sabes.
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence.
\"Jack of all trades but the master of none\" -steez
Birthday in 2 mins... Whose about to get laid down?
Wow! I've never seen anything like this
You can't make shit like this up
Who the fuck cares?
USA USA USA 1-0
It amazes me that either of these teams got this far.
Boondocks is the best show on adult swim
Zamnnnn that goal tho!
General messi steps to the plate
Christine's actually making me hangout with this kid and his friend
some things we don't talk about, better do without
even though anyone that asks I say the a is for avicii
Soccer players have the best uniforms
Wow talk about a fucking turn in the wrong direction
CHRIS JUST WALKED ACROSS THE STAGE HOW AM I NOT CRYING
I Was Swimming In The River , I Jumped Off The Swinging Rope &amp; Almost Landed On A Snake ..
Bear almost attacked and killed my kids.. Just another day in hell
So you hate me now or what
I'm scared for my health and organs and everything crucial to live &gt;titos
I am that girl wearing a bandana as a shirt
Briana is sleeping in a crack between the mattress and the bed.. Help a sista
Got 2 months to find a new job, new apartment, and new roomies...
Followed lots of bodybuilding girls on insta today for some motivation
Crazy to think about all the friends I made throughout high school that I will probably never talk to again
Y'all hoes gon overlook that terrible performance because it's Jhene Aiko but it was terrible.
speaking of piercings I still haven't gotten my septum piercing talk about a draaaaaaag ..
It's Thursday, a little less than 12 hours until the game starts
I hate when ppl get on the phone and they lose all sense of what they're doing.
So much hate towards your bitch ass.
I get this feeling LeBron is going to spurn the Heat, Wade and Bosh!
Jeter finally got a good walk up song
How does one play \"patty cake with no hands\"
Yo how did greece miss that
1 hour standing. Waiting for the the E. It's not even Sunday.
Spent the past two Friday nights writing papers and I'll be doing the same tonight.
I miss the old bitchy me when I didnt give a fuck about anything lol
In the end they will judge me anyways
He's on fire
Matty took a sip of lemonade and said \"stay thirsty my friends\"
Maddie and I are getting too turnt at this concert
Lebron looks odd without a headband tbh
seriously if I'm anything less than very successful, I won't be able to live with myself
# ONOT- Yea TEAM! USA!!!
Tim Howard is playing really good
What to do this weekend hmm?
In general. I hate asian music videos.
If it wasn't for blow jobs, you'd be unemployed.
I wanna go where the lights are low and the dreamers are chasin
Lauren. .. I remember that nigga.\n\nWe used to kick freestyle at TutiFruti frozen yogurt but she hates me now:\/
Wish I was on a boat in the middle of the ocean right about now. With some work of course so I can chill
is it possible to die from boredom
I Ignore a lot of shit
I feel so fucking nasty I haven't showered since yesterday before prom. I need a 1 hour long shower.
Cristiano Ronaldo earned $44 million in 2013.
So excited for tonight omg
\"When I grow up I want to be dust\"\n\nThat was clever...\n\nIm really proud of myself for coming up with that tweet
Yo nose que mal es que estoy pagando
I wouldn't be upset if I never had to drive in the car with my family again, just saying
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime.
I just wanna go to the beach for a day or two but I guess that's not happening this summer.
The bars around me have just erupted
Closing w\/ rey. It's gonna be a good night
Not having to get up for ANYTHING tomorrow is the greatest feeling in the world right now
Jesus we thank you for Using Us for World Impact!
\": Vision is getting worse, but I can't decide if I should get my eyes checked.. or become a ref. \"
Lol everyone is passed out in this van
I'm sorry I can't please everyone. I want to start doing things that make me happy now..for once.
Flew into Santa Clara from Ohio yesterday to get ready for and I'm looking for something to do. Anyone?
Glad to be back in the bay
Amo por naturaleza, no por necesidad.\nBy:
Like is it going to rain or not
I don't even want to run for 10 minutes never mind for 2 hours. These poor guys must be exhausted. Also probably hungry.
LIFE IS OVER. MY XM RADIO SUBSCRIPTION SHUT OFF.
Is shah Originally Armenian? Shahins with huge nose?
LETS GOOOOOOOO BOYS!
So I decided to clean my closet out &amp; tht was a really bad decision b\/c I am now sitting in a pile of clothes on my bed hoping it goes away
I don't got friends lol, only ppl who hit me up when it benefits them or need something smh, all good doe
no phone at my moms house? hahahaha id rather kms
I don't hold grudges, but if I really don't like you we've prolly fought already
Dont show up to my house tonight if i didnt invite you or you didnt ask i wont let you in.
Desiree needs to make healthier food choices.... FAST.
love my view of business buildings and a big picture of Pharrell
Hoodies are actually state of the art 3rd wheel prevention devices. The hood protects your peripherals from canoodling and cutesy fighting.
I cannot wait till I live alone.
If I haven't spoken to since graduation and or chilled please don't acknowledged me in public cause I most likely will dub you shit
I want a green tea frapp, now
I would murder the cleat game yo
First 30 seconds and USA scores
One more hour till lunch time I'm starving.
This girl is stupid .. She already knows hes fake she just wants to be on TV
A nap sounds great now!!
It's 10 am I still haven't slept
Chillin in bed is where it's at today
My pool is finally clean \nCome over and swim tomorrow
Hey can u please play single Life of the party. It would mean the world to me
Can't watch the FIFA World Cup games in English, it's more exciting in Spanish lol
son ima go into this chem regents tm on two hours of sleep
I love nights like tonight, chilling with my friends &amp; laughing about stupid shit for hours
\"Each time I find myself flat on my face. I pick myself up and get back in the race\"
I'm sitting at my job and I'm so high. I can't stop laughing.
wow I missed Eric Thomas at the sound mind sound body camp, fk
I can't be for both of us ... When you wanna argue an fight with mi SMDH an I'm a be gone
You're over my head, I'm out of my mind.
Don't even care if I pass anymore
This has been one of the strangest days in a while
My 2 hr. drive to NJ for a SCBWI conference turned into a 4 hr. drive. Grrrr! Last time I'm coming here, I think.
You all have that one person that you can talk to that makes you feel better about anything
See this summer thing is great but I need a damn job -_-
Always the best to see good people succeed.
Woke up sweating from my nap. It's hot AF!
Girlfriend is currently repotting one of the plants singing started from the bottom now we're here
I think my eye balls are even sunburnt
Side note: Coco looks phenomenal with that beard.
UGH WHY AM I NOT ON THE BEACH AT THE CONCERT IM SO SAD
Check out my nephew on youtube! So cute!
Ecuador I'm goin jst wait on it
Second app approved in the . 2 out of 2 baby!
My phone keeps turning on by itself and opening up to 's tweets. my phone wants you
I don't understand people that just take and take and take. So rude and selfish with no care or guilt
Louis ta parecendo um ursinho nos ultimos tempos
Santa Cruz ily &amp; I never want to leave
wait why am I not w rn
\"What happens when Halak gets hurt?\"\n\nThe same thing that would happen to any other NHL team that loses its starter: the backup would play.
WHEN GOKU TWEETS IT ITS REAL!!! LOL
Still lol I barley take pics with my mom .-.
listening to Sky in NYC fits for some reason
Layin out in washinton square park with &amp; what could be better?!
Guess what movie I'm watching HINT: Napalm and surfing
you're good at being perfect we're good at being troubled
I actually have a small version of a black eye and it is not a cute look
I need to quit smoking. But. The stress.
I will stare into all of your souls
So much of the world I've yet to travel.
\": rooftop shots tho?\" Hell yeah
LRT was my intentions for Friday night but not anymore smhh
Oh I meant it as a good thing &amp; as a total nerd fangirl!
Im sooo tired of my hair
Life throws crazy stuff at you sometimes. Its how you deal with it
When do get paid for something you'd do for free, you know you love your job.
I shouted \"MON YERSEL BIG MAN\" to Derek Jeter at the Yankees on Friday night. No-one had a clue what I meant
Boutta go on a spending spree
every person needs that one group of friends. I'm really glad that I found them this year.
So foggy in the bay today. Gotta love these SF summers
when you have more books than clothes
You're only an asshole once
Can't sleep because I'm in a lot of pain :(
I can't do anything but wait
But fo reals, Greg pappa is that great of a coach
Called that again.
How do you even sleep at night knowing that you celebrate and promote violence?
The bigger question is \"how the fuck is hobby lobby still around in 2014?\"
Some girl came up to me today and went \"Hey aren't you that kid that can't drink milk!\" Yea thats me....
Who Know Somebody Selling Pits ?
Kaymer dominated the entire weekend
Hello there, thee angel from my nightmare;
I'm not even tired but I want to go to sleep.
If you dont like me I dont care I will not be nice anymore. You call me a bitch I'll show you a bitch dont care who you are
Foreigners dominating on the court.
why is my mom kicking me out of my house ..
Drummin' on his guitar and keeping the beat. HEY! starts his next song, \"Sing\" Do you know the words to this one?
Watching 'Zodiac,' because I didn't get enough newsroom during the day.
i have been in way too many car accidents
It's over after bosh sorry ass just missed that alley ooo
music and vodka those fucking cunt they do have a fucking power on me ... I'm just fucking happy mate !
Wow I'm so tired can we plz get this boarding process done with so I can get the fuck to sleep.
OHANA IS NOT SHOWING UP TO PROM HOUSE LMFAO STOP CAUSING PROBLEMS WHOEVER U ARE
aqui de boas fazendo uma visitinha
Well I honestly will love someone forever if they scoop up me and gab for some Icecream
And my computer won't even turn on. Shiiiit
i ant breyahe send help
Fuck why did i order a dr pepper... Again...
This has been a bad year for Lebron James to be honest wit you
THERES GOING TO BE A MOVIE FOR LOOKING FOR ALSKA OMG
sometimes the truth hurts more than believing a lie
Helal olsun valla
cuz anybody can turn on you at any given second
Backyard cookouts in Brooklyn with people making a difference. Win.
You see i say im going to sleep but im really not
The Help Number for Facebook Business is 1-800-YOU-WISH.
Happy fourth everyone. While you celebrate your freedom. I'll be serving drunk people food.
Why do I agree to these things
Couch potatoes always have something to say
I am camping right now so if anyone texts me and I don't answer I am not ignoring you lol
UVA has to be having deja vu with having bases loaded in the CWS and getting nothing from it.
This new Weeknd got me vibing
Love on me , if only for one night . . .
Nick and I are talking about going on cute picnic double dates with cute girls we don't have a chance with
\"In Holland, disabled individuals can get a grant that pays for sex 12 times a year\" you should move
Some of the baldwin graduates middle names have me shocked lolololollll
I'll have the 2 for 1 special
Had an awesome night yesterday... Was excited and very tired as well lol
Everybody's like, \"He's no item! Please don't like him! He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!\"
\": can be all the right things to you :)\"
Chilling in bed and eating hella food after a long day of work &gt;&gt;&gt;
I think she was trying to twerk in my face and bam milk is gone
I'm going to miss Roger Rosenblatt next week.
feels so right, but its jus soo wrong.
The Son Of God movie is really good
I also really regret not buying a joint from a guy in clown make up
tan mal me iba a poneeeeeeeer? lcdsm!
Seriously don't know what's going on here so....
Today a coworker told me I was losing fats. Gotta feel good about that. ? ?
I can promise you, no one will ever care like I did.
I swear I watch more Prison Break than anything. But no matter how many times I've seen it, I love it
Risking my life at work. I love you all
Sacalo a Messi !!!! Que lo saque a Messi !!! Que genio Messi !!!
2 more weeks until my summer classes are over and I'm freeeeeee
I tryin not to snap on this chick she got me fucked!! Up
Sorry I don't things the way YOU want them I'm a grown trying to make my own path with my own visions and ideas not yours so please
My phone won't let me answer calls it's trippin tex me
Cmon how can anyone hate Tyler he's so damn adorable jumping around
Why you respond to that tweet though ?
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
quiero ir a ver a genesi:(
I'm trying to hide my selfies
Mermaids (sirens) were originally created as mythical creatures who would lure sailers by their beautiful looks. Mermaids aren't ugly.
dont know what it is but yur just my type yur real cnt lie just tell me what yur name is i dont care where you came from (ode to cab driver)
When me and Dj for radio city music hall it will be the exact same and it will be perfect
Chris Rock is killing me!
I'm deleting an alarm for three
Yes or No: when we know, but don't know how, and do it anyways -- we're closer to living our and creating big on the .
The fuck is pharrell Williams wearing right now for the awards...
Mr. Brown and them god damn pants lmaooo
One time I was singing on stage and I was feeling the song so much I started digging my nails into my thighs
I won't know how you feel til you tell me.
Hitting on chicks who turn out to be 15 and looking bad doing it
They renamed the Asian carp because people were offended...
closet worth a half million and that's just in Jordans
If I ever get pregnant, I am going to come up with the world's most creative way to tell my husband. It'll be historical.
I honestly forgot you exist for a moment. Lol
It's killing me to see my doll face in such pain! How did she get sick again! Please god take it away!!! I hate high fevers! Ugh :(
just found some major discrepancies in my last 4 purchases and I've been overcharged on all of them! WTF! ?!
Carlos is the most needy friend that I have. Hands down.
S\/O TO WHO'S GONNA BE HOLDING IT DOWN NEXT WEEK JULY 5TH @ THE IYANYA CONCERT..MASSIVE EVENT TO COME OUT FOR
Bub, how does it feel to know I'm completely in love with you ?
- lemme call my buddy since no one else will talk to me .
sitting in Pete's writing graduation thank yous would be so much more relaxing if this man didn't keep staring at me every three seconds
The supervisors here are fucking pathetic.
All ya need are looks and a whole lot of money
You're gone and I gotta stay high, all the time
When is going to be cancelled?
I'm not watching the World Cup but I want to know how there are two different American flag emojis
It's fucking annoying how I try and be nice to my sister when all she does is ignore me and give me shit
SIN TRAICIONAR A NUESTRO PRESIDENTE OBRERO .UNIDAD, LUCHA,BATALLA Y VICTORIA, QUE NADIE SE EQUIVOQUE. RT
Congrats to , the of the .
Dear Mama by tupac still gives me chills 20 something years later
FUCK YEAH LETS GO USA!!! USA USA USA
To my future spouse or who ever that special person in my life is in the future:\n\nI You. No matter what happens, I love you.\n\n-6\/22\/14
Not really feeling this chemistry regents today
I hate PKs but this is awesome vs
Everyone wants to be chased, but be honest with
totalmente de acordo:Ou as pessoas me querem como eu sou ou afasto-me
With pretty eyed boys girls die to trust
I'm slowly learning to live in the now
Lets Fucking go !
This is what I get for being a friend.
Camp in 13 hours and 25 mins
New start to life with new fresh people who I am blessed to have it my life!
DEMPSEY THE HERO
I absolutely HATE watching Scott get hurt. its like a drain on happiness
Stake our claim with a fire in a field in the middle of nowhere USA
My Knee be fuckin with me all day idk why
I became one with my bed during that nap
Are you serious.... NO FUCKING SIGNAL FOR THIS GAME?!?!
Time is going so slow rn
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLL !!! Lol we won already just end the game xD
I can't say I love my man and having 3 sums foh! Ain't no other bitch fucking my mans
Hard to focus on Met game tonight--keep thinking about Frank Cashen--special man in so many ways--learned so much from being around him
Backstreet boys with my babess
I should have a little more faith
All the red flags happening right now. Might be a good idea to cut off this guy.
Lana Del Rey's Florida Kilos really makes me crave a life forever lived under a palm tree.
Nate Sennett unfollowed me what's up with that
Are we just born knowing the words to Mr Brightside
Someone should definitely text me till i fall asleep
Feels like razor blades are going down my throat
the dryness of my phone is way too real
There goes my plans. Thank you parents.
So crazy eyes needs to win an Emmy
I really cant wait for planet of the apes.
I'm anxious my heart hurts and I wanna sleep but I CANT bc I'm so fucking ANXIOUS
The most expensive things this place is selling are $5...
Kaitlyn's new name is kaitjeremylin everyone call her that
Who would like to accompany shawty and me to the beach tomorrow (schemeface) (swag) (yolo) (rt) (nicolegotthatwhipgame)
I hate when someone doesn't think there is a differemce between city water and like Pomfret watsr
I will never feel nostalgic about high school. This summer is already spectacular and the future looks even better.
'There are two ways to do something.. The right way, and again'
The future is starting to expose itself. I'm excited!
Is there a way i could get out of my family?
Pienso q todo pasa x algo q conoces a las personas en momentos indicados y em momentos q necesitas conocerlas
about to fall asleep on this couch but
I would get a tattoo but I'm too much of a pussy
I really don't be texting anyone anymore ..
You do NOT OK NOT COOL
Yeah Lucy is so cute and settling into her new home so well
Mickle and Big Ben tho its like love
Shank you Ronaldo
You're a joke and a thot lmaooo
IM MISSING THE BEGINNING OF 24 IM ONLY IN SOUTHINGTON NO WHY
EHAT IS YOR PUCTURE !!!??????!?
\"broken nose but not a broken heart\"
Moving back to Isla Vista on Sunday thank god...
When it all falls down who you gone call now ?
Feels so good to be done but hurts a little bit too. Congrats to my friends. I would not be who I am without you guys.
If you dont like we cant be friends
Why not because there's so many ships in Nashville, Tennessee
OH CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN!!!
Dear Vancouver, I'm coming home in 7 days. Can't wait! Love, Joce
If I would have spoken to my mother like that.... I would have no teeth AT ALL!
No me importa tu vida tampoco lo que tu hagas
IMO all vine famous niggas are corny af
Girls workout and do fitness to work on clubs..
Pissed kims blonde hair is actually a wig
I love my powder white, prefer my bitches black
Eighteen wheeler dropped me off at that city limits sign \nSunday morning sunlight hurt my eyes \nIt's a long way from where I been back home
This train ride back to the BX bout to slowww &amp; I'm intoxicated smh brova I cnt
Im not asking nobody to do nothing else for me I'm tiered of everybody always want something but when you ask for somethng its a problem.
Remember anybody can fake it better you be true 2 ur kindness n be true 2 love you give and you will blessed with the peace u see delivered
\": Hipster Nazi's are the worst thing I can imagine.\" better than you in TWO ways
I haven't posted so much on IG like this since ultra lol
8 days. Exact.
Softball players are more annoying then parents bickering
Music been my passion since I use to freestyle while walking all the way to school in 5th grade
Now let's rock !!!! He killed it
Don't you tell them what we do
my favorite part of working at a theater is watching relationships fall apart when they miss the show because one person was running late
I really can't stand people who commit to something and then don't do it and then don't apologize after that. Have some class.
Kufi Kingston the only one with Pyro smh
There's a fly in my room and I'm PMSing and holy fuck fuck you hormones! Me so sad. Ice cream and hugs plz. :(
Really want to go to a water park this summer with friends!
i go on facebook and see liked YAAAAAS
Almost en route to the rally for pride. if I don't meet you tonight I'll be convinced that someone has cursed my life.
Granderson with with the lead of Homerun
people that try to hard to be accepted socially but not at anything else &gt;
Maybe it's just me, but I think smoking while biking is undoing some of your good work. ?
he just stood their lol whut
Suck my cockiness, lick my persuasion
OHHHHH WE OUTTTTTT
I just don't understand
Christie is such an idiot to partner with perez..tell the writers they gone too far
Congrats to Kyle Anderson for getting drafted ! Gotta rep the 201
Rich nigga bankroll' just a while ago I used to wear the same clothes.
Hope today will be good but probably gonna end out up smacking this outta a thot by the end of the night
Our Independence Day is better than yours.
I'm gonna start snapping on the next person that decides to bother me.
Great now ESPN is gunna be riding Lebron and Messi's dick. Fuck
Je respecte les musulmans pour leur careme
I watched 24 eisodes of Whose Line Is It Anyway this whole week!
Y u so fiesty bruhhh
\"We're here and Seattle they're playing great but no one really cares\" -Dennis Eckersley
15 time champ on 2k15 lol I see what you did there.
can somebody start w\/ me .. im ready to go lmao
If i could sleep through out the whole day today I would,so I'm gonna try very hard to do so.
What's luv coming on the radio got me remembering back when fat Joe was good....
I am 19, eleven months, and 5 days old. In case anyone was wondering.
watching the first season of TWD right now reminds me of how frustrated I kept getting with everyone
its pretty obvious we have NOTHING to talk about
Didn't see a lot of people I was supposed to see this weekend but that's my fault
His sex face is my favorite, I'm sorry.
Nothing make me better then going to the beach, some boob grabbing and that thong song.
Why does zinia find the need to record everything
This bitch just dropped my drink
I must admit I dont watch soccer but fuck yeah!
Just because you think you can change doesn't mean in the long run you will. Especially after proving you are a habitual liar.
The plus side about glasses is that you don't have to wear makeup cause they take focus off of my ugly face
I loooooove turtles, I have 4 of them
Gonna finish watching The Punisher and THEN play Gone Home. That sounds like a reasonable series of events.
Clearly im never good enough maybe ill hit a telephone pole writing this Prime example why im single fuck putting yourself out there so done
lolz ppl keep telling me to say certain words bc country accent
Just when I was praising Sergio Romero for being a beast
If you have never wrestled with some one you are sexually attracted to are you even a person
I don't know what's going on right now wtf
Xan wit that lean bitch. Xan wit that lean bitch.
Even tho I feel like shit good day good day
I'm so jealous of everyone getting followed by but congrats everyone!
Biggest pet peeve is when people are rude to others in public for no reason....that and when people scrape their forks when they're eating
These late classes are gonna kill me!
No lie, I wish i would of stayed at Del State. One of my wackest decisions to come back home.
A girl in the dressing rooms at Zara is screaming in German about how her boobs are too wide&amp;misshapen assuming no one understands her...
Philly people are lot more real than those from other cities
the kid is done for the day. what.
Pharrell try to give her a handshake
'sad 2 c u go ,,, thank u 4 an amazing season! Good luck
I haven't been off in four days. So if the sun doesn't make an appearance soon I'm gonna be reallllllyyyyyyy unhappy
Hold up, let me make the distance real quick
5,400,140 characters or less, pointless tweets later... Here I am
I always go on Facebook to see trashy white girl fights
Are you kidding me
Why does nick cannon look like Curtis blow ?
Fuck you Portugal!!!! Jermaine Jones my nigga
World and I\/O back to back. What is this life.
My brother in law is treating us to dinner
Remember when we all had common sense?
realist bromance ever
let's lock eachother in a room\n&amp; fulfill our fantasies.
Excellent Coffee and breakfast sandwich Cooperstown, NY
I'd swim the ocean for you
I will be part of the 1% checking World Cup scores today
Been riding my bike all day
This bitch talk to much shit for me
I am so excited for Fourth of July! A trip to San Diego and my first giants game!
And it ain't sneak dissing if you knew it was about you.
CR7 is still better haha
Watching the Game with my favorite guy
Todos tenemos ese pensamiento que no nos animamos a decir
Do exercise more due to their sense of inadequacy and lack of longing via committed relationships? Will they outlive you eventually?
Ready for today to be over with.
Matter fact it's cause I ain't smoke today no wonder I'm up right now
Portugal needs to step up their game if they wanna make ut out of group G
Luscious lips are the hottest thing
Ryan always smells like the cheese section of a grocery store
Without the bitter, the sweet isn't as sweet
My granny says bye bye like bi bi
Having unlimited texting and not having a girlfriend feels so redundant.
The way Kermit mouth be open be havin me dead
I will never watch pain &amp; gain even if my life depended on it
Idgaf if Derek Jeter is 40 he's still sooo hot
Leaving was and never will be easy.
I love seeing people drive full speed at a wall of traffic. It's like... Where ya going?
DUMB BITCH DO YADUMB DANCE
My maiden name is Ferraro. Would love to know if we come from the same family! My father was from Benevento.
There's so much music that just sounds incomplete
It's nights like these when I lose a lot of followers bc of excessive tweeting
I wish I could re-live the last month of senior year over again... prom, wildwood, senior trips, senior picnic, graduation... Uhg
father Eovine is returning to the homeland tn
I just had a situation at bayfair right now wtf made her think I was finna give her my number lol
If does not stop imma bippity boppity foot up her ass
xanax &amp; meth oo girl u b turnin up
I hate being dependent on anyone and more than anything else I wish I was with brothers in Utah
You can't change your heart. Damn thing just does what it wants
'Its not about getting it right. It's about knowing when it's wrong and doing something about it'
I wish we had a better chant than \"USA!\"
I wish there was a counter for the number of times people walked through your house for sale. Maybe even demographic breakdowns.
Weighed 209 after walking to Starbucks and back and after replenishing myself im back at 212... even after all ive ate this month in June
no way Lebron has enough to win this game let alone series individually
\" If you're a bird, be an early bird. But if you're a worm, sleep late.\"
Turn up for my birthday dude...you better be there
At the bar with Rob Dyrdek and
Me and Nancy would be at sonic rightnow lmao
You photoshop you pictures. We discovered it. You can't lie any longer.
\": Nah bro u not ready\" lol ohhhhh
Today was by far one of the most stressful days ever.
Tweeting makes me feel great and horrible at the same time!!
my biggest summer pet peeve is dogs left in hot cars! Mosquito bites are a close second.
I swear no one cares about wtf I tweet yet I still have 999 followers
Game of thrones, stoned as fuck. This is sibling bonding
Fuck with me against the world.
wait but i also want nashs
Take a trip to the dark side where a nigga don't see the sun
How my cuzzy gotta show me some grimmy shit
C Mike Pouncey has undergone hip surgery for a torn labrum and is out 3 months.
I don't believe in giving up.
Recognizing the positives in the negatives is probably one of the most important things in life
Just tryna have a fun time , middle finger up to the one time
People change up on you so fast its fucking ridiculous, they don't even realize what they got
Im deadass in such a funk and i cant stand it
I might just smoke this blunt and go to bed
I have nearly no friends because fucking bitches start rumors when you show somebodys ex kindness.bec I was helpin someone who got dumped.
Working on the.yearbook is making me sad cause i just realized i will never see this group of ppl ever again :\\
This is the longest I stayed on twitter and actually interact with people
Teams looking good just small stuff to work on :D
Happy 4th of July! Wherever you are in the US I hope your weather is better than in NYC! To all watching the world cup..enjoy the games!
Bout to go to a 1D concert.. Yay!
So in addition to everything else in the cyber-world, there are Skype trolls?! Ewwww smh
\": Tell me again.. That we'll be lovers and friends.\"
It's great having an alcoholic mom that gets fucking emotional over the smallest shit
We the fucking best!!!! These refs can't hold back greatness!!!
Gary stays drinking on the job
Jake farted on me so I broke up with him
Athletes be catching fake \"injuries\" and keep playing so they look like big heros
am I the only one not caring enough to decorate their graduation cap
the fact that he is unable to speak hurt so much
Watching Spongebob and smoking Mary Jane
Hibernation mode for a while.
Halo's Master Chef with Guest Chef Gordon Ramsey
Sometimes it's not WHAT you say but HOW you say it. approach\/presentation is everything.
I made an album called \"Weird Gifs\" on my laptop..that is when you know..
i swear i got an invite
Always on my toes
\"we accept the love we deserve.\" - perks of being a wallflower.
I wonder what you're up to tonight..
Ladies in 2015 can we dead that \"he's just my friend\" mess?
I was watching the news and a priest literally compared giving women access to birth control to \"forcing Jews to eat pork\" like yeah okay
I'm not leaving my house until the BET awards are over
Como un lobo salvaje que a perdido su destino
\"... MIND-BLOWING API, it spits out everything...\"
I think it was my fault
I need a good long cry. Ouch.
I should be a track runner guys
Everybody gay what's sup with that shit
He fucking messages me about the tag that I was curious about and told me what it was
I listen to him before I go to bed it makes me sleep better...
I can be so annoying at times lol
I'm really drunk and emotional about Freddie help
im going to need my nose to stop hurting sooo baaad
There are only two things josh and I can talk about with out arguing, music &amp; books.
Snapchat screenshots are why we can't have nice things
Rereading that text and thinking if I made the right fucking choice or not.
Running into your 11th grade math teacher at Prime.
I went to Taco Bell about 7 times in the past 2 days.
Big game today. Let's go Germany
I want her to be that person I can be completely honest with.
how do people use heat on their hair everyday in the summer
It's bitches ......omg how I missed ...... Let the begin
Women will sell themselves just to buy some attention
I know it wasn't for me but are the other ones?
Oakland is full of good food
Finally booked this trip to Cancun can't wait need a vacation in the worst way
Always waste my time on the wrong people
You wanna win? Put chicharito in!!!! Come on coach!! He ready to spin!!!!!!
Enjoyed some Pizza for my graduation dinner, ahaha! ;D
No one knows my story and we gone keep it that way. They can just watch me smile!
23- you're so pretty and seem really nice :) I hope we talk sometime
I'm really tempted to ask who she's listening too. But if I had my headphones on the subway I wouldn't want someone to talk to me. Ahaha
Late night ranting with always make me feel better
To the MF who disrespected me by doin what you did in front of my house @ 1AM when I have work at 6am Dnt do it again
do you hAve a problem, Sir??
Its the late nights like these that make me think about everything
Well some birds are meant to be caged
Happy july 4th. Wishing everyone a safe and intoxicated day which does not appear to be rained out
Dempsey in 30 secs, DAYM!
1000 ways to die in the west
Haas to sponsor Ferrari in F1!!! Happy Independence Day
The only day I'm going to have service this week
Sasha was telling about how he was in the pool and the instructors made all of them pass out underwater.
\"I wanna put my head inside her vagina\" oh do u?
$10 uber credit, you're welcome: 10r62014
Todos muy felices.
BRUUUHHHHH IM DYING REAL YEARS LMAOOOO
Home sweet home . What a long day
Thought id be a lot more fucked up rn
my earphones are in for a reason ya know
Today is just not a good day
\"Wifey isn't a girl who smokes and fucks you whenever. Wifey is a woman who motivates you and makes sure you ain't slippen in life\" \n\nTrue
Simultaneous right and left ear infections: a near deaf experience
I find that sometimes I have to fight with my past to arrive at my future
ive never been the jealous type but man wtf
Time to watch the movie Ted
Ehhhh flopped flush over flopped flush. Out in 10th. still alive in the 5k with 12 left
Having hoes ain't wassup no more.
was reppin my man jimmy butler today at camp
Watching this high tense drama starring Cameroon and Croatia
as much as im obsessed with the buccaneers, id rather see the yanks win the WS this year than the bucs win the SB. just cus of jeter.
The amount of children in this movie right now. YOU ARE 13.
A bigger shoutout to those who are next... The Class of 2015, \"seniors\" has a nice catch to it and we are going to make it lit!!
And I wonder where do I belong? \nBeen looking for a place for to long
Can someone explain why Bibi or any other state officIals didn't attend Mohammed Karkara's funeral?
Anyone need a bingo players ticket for this Sunday ?!
I bought a $110 one direction concert ticket because Candance wanted to go.. If that's not true friendship idk what is
Someone enlighten me with new music!
Like walking a tightrope between past and future while the present falls away.
What do you do when you're ripping mad and it's 12:30am and there's nowhere to go and no one to talk to what the FUCKK
I'm just going to move to Peru and make a living weaving necklaces out of shells and iguana poop.
shark tank is such a cool shower
come on spurs
Im tryin to rock the fuck out right now but these songs suck
Everyone I talk to is a stoner.
I'm so screwed for work tomorrow... No sleep
I'm a fan of all music!!
People from San Jose stay stuck here...not I!
Love sitting on my back porch listening to my neighbor, Dave, play his bagpipes - makes me want to watch Braveheart!
Just waiting for my Mijo to come thru
Speaker of the dead is such a good fucking album!!
I have faith in you !! C'MON!
at least kyle approves of my nature pix
Keke is a fan? Hahahahahaha... she is playing too much.
carom is by far 's favorite word
TO TWEETS... fuck outta here boy RT : please do hate seeing to tweets
That USA goalie is like Lundqvist with all these saves
Ok. SERIOUSLY. I'm going to bed now...like NOW!\n....\n....\n....I gotta pee
Snakes don't hiss anymore.. Now a days, they're callin you \"bro, bestfriend, bae\" etc. smh.
I could eat graham crackers all day long
Y Costa Rica ya vio como se pone en jaque a Holanda. Vaya partido por cuartos de final.
I need to go get my nails done
Wtf best player in the world though
we got more bounce in California
Hey what's up looking for friend if you have a whatsapp you can text me on it my number is
Can I like drink my feelings away please
These bitches in small town schools be getting colored streaks in their hair. It's like that Awkward show. But it's none of my business
The moment you stop accepting challenges; is the moment you stop moving forward.
ok so in target, I saw my cousin from behind so I ran up to her and I grabbed her sides to scare her .. long story short it wasn't her awko
they are two different kind of artist.
Officially moving July 7th
DEMPSEY IS BACK ON
I made her give me a tour of my room because I miss the nest.
cop rari's I don't test drive em
The \"Too Little Too Late\" music video by JoJo is so important
I just drove through 4 hours of a consistent hurricane
Is this what people have boyfriend's for, so when you're stressed at 1am you have someone to complain to?
cuz you dont say you love me or\ntell your friends when they ask you\neven tho we both know that you do
Today was Ignore Jordan day and everybody was celebratin
I don't care for this match at all. I hope they beat the crap outta each other.
Fellas: if you can't be yourself around the one you LIKE then bounce but if its the one you SAY you Love then you may want to think about it
I'm so hungry rn but I don't want to eat and brush my teeth again because I'm that lazy.
My internship is so awesome omg I have my own desk and phone number an there's froyo every Friday
aj is the reason I wake up in the morning
Oh my Dempsey
Gabriel lo que es un ridiculo ..
On a scale from 1-crucifixion how not kosher is it to quit a job via email?
Should I change my name to \"swing low kid\" ?
its been over a month since Bart tweeted
Whoever said you couldn't score with your belly button
I don't know what it is, but she's got it
I see more gay couples then straight ones
An medley of his greatest hits is never a bad thing. I just went through middle school, high school &amp; college in 7 mins.
i don't want nothing to do with you
LAHHATL is so annoying
Bruh, this movie bout to be live
do you have any bone with black i web??
Rabena is tryna go to McDonalds after having some high class dinner shitt
I luv jlo
Orange is the new black is so addicting to watch
just want kabir's chai and chicken patty
If the followed back, that would be the day that we achieve world peace
Same day JPA approves Lew Wolff's lease, \"OAK\" reappears on the Coliseum scoreboard. Whatra coincidence! How petty is Wolff?
That's how we do it!!
2 HOURS TILL THIS BIOTCHES BIRTHDAYYYYYTT
Woke up on the side of a mountain...
Game of thrones finale. At this point the characters are probably gonna come through the screen and kill me because what else is left to do
Its coming to in end guys.......... Last Day Of School Is Finally Here ..... kinda don't want it to be
You are so good, messi.
You know eminem is the realest bc every time I hear obsessed I think of him violating her about ejaculating on her stomach
Would You Rather Date A Fat Guy With A Big Heart Or A Skinny Guy With A Big Dick ?
that Direct TV commercial with that marionette chick gives me the creeps
Glad never really has a last show. Next week outakes from the months of filming. Andy masterful as a host and interviewer
Mesi with a beaut
Manus a fucking problem cuz
I've forgotten what it feels like to breathe.
We boutta hav a great nite tn too !
Allegra catches me on EVERYTHING I swear she's a PI by night
Keep your friends close but your enemies closer
My mind just died 5 times over. They say it could not be done. I defied the odds.
On the phone with bro talking mathematics
first i made you who you are then i made it
Now I want to see Kevin Hart on Scandal. C'mon, the world needs Oliver Pope.
Anyone else out about the coming up any minute now?
Now get back to work Greece!
I can't ever fall asleep til like 6:30 anymore
You know when ya hear a certain song and all these memories come rushing
Having a hot dog with cheese and a bowl of fries for lunch because it's Independence Day and calories don't count.
Why would I yelp fuji's if I'm not going there until Wednesday why would I do that to myself just wHY
MESSI DA GOD
Your all I need beside me.
late night sushi, why because why the fuck not
My eternal struggle with my slowly cracking iPhone case and the imminent release of a new iPhone is lost. I'm caving.
My baby so cute
He fuckin you his mind still on me
I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point like give it up, its me, I win, you lose
Bruh she so thug , :)
bi sons of anarchy ceketi almadan gitmem bu diyarlardan
My dad just called jeans dungarees....
Who ever styled for this Harper Bazaar Arabia spread did that. She looks beyond amazing
You act so innocent now but you lied so soon
When someone says ur about to leave and u don't leave till 20 min later
Sunday afternoons = Kdrama marathon ^^
'm absolutely proud of resilience, courage and magnificent effect desplayed by COSTA RICA in defeating Greece &amp; with 10 men! BRILLIANT!!!!
My brother gets mad when I say \"your little car show meetings\" LOL to him they're sacred gatherings.
still can't believe it was only 30 seconds into the game
You a man if you stay out and not be dumb enough to get caught up
I took like an hour nap at midnight and I feel like I could conquer the world right now.
It's hard to keep up with and and at the same time
See u gotta reflect the racist joke with 2 anti-racist statements. That's the ticket.
Anyone ever been on the royal caribian cruise line?
i been doin my thing for a minute
Wait, Costa Rica scored 5 goals?!?
Finalmente a nanna. Solo 5h di sonno...
Why is it always at an Avicii show where these kids OD?
It's pretty messed up but at the same time ingenious
Slide from behind = red
If you call me a bitch, or think I'm one, then you obviously do not know me at all.
That's mad funny I like her thinking outside the box with her rent- a - dillz
THIS APP YO ISNT GIVING ME ANY YOS IM SO SAD
Let's hope this June Gloom is now over ....
Mon pays mon Cameroun qu'est ce que j'ai mal Seigneur Dieu ! Finission a le match comme des hommes les gars, je peux pas vous lacher
Do wonder if the trade and Brian Boyle's apparent foray into free agency means Jesper Fast, Oscar Lindberg and J.T. Miller will...
I can't even leave my wallet home without missing 100$ missing
50 RT's and if USA wins I'll streak with an American flag between my asscheeks
Fuck yeah USA USA
And they brought back Braiden this season is turnt!!!
And my parents are faggots if they buy my brother a USA shirt tf
We created a list of 15 titles in under 5 hours. Book week beast mode
7 years ago today I moved to NYC to start work at Eye to Eye! An anniversary I will always celebrate!!
I want some ice tea with the side of beach
With hard work, you can get anywhere.
Rockville needs some new people that run this town
If capcom would release a Vs team game with all capcom characters. I would be so happy
Regulars spotting you at the grocery store is an inevitability at this point.
I'm legitimately screaming and jumping alone in my apartment so there's a visual for ya
Bron over there crying n shit
only fuck with the realest
\"Pour the tea, to please your future in-law. You must demonstrate a sense of dignity\" *draws mustache in face*
I'm the baddest motherfucker in the building
Y am I watching the most suspenseful movie ever right before bed
No vine aqui a lo mismo !
I have never hated tourists more in this moment
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x12
parang tanga ung hater ng 5sos sa soundcloud ko, may pinuputok ung butchi niya -.-
Sometimes I feel like I don't wanna know about more things i wanna know Y things are the way they are sometimes I dont wanna know the answer
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x11
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x16
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x17
Just sneezed so hard I ripped open my lip and it's bleeding
I can't believe I just found out about Fontina cheese
I've had too many beers. Can you tell?
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x18
I think I want some barbecue
If you have 880k followers and you're not Rihanna or John legend don't expect me to follow you back, foh
Now it's TSSF ); time to switch to Things I can't change
I just feel I'm not gonna be happy for a while...
Damm I feel bad for Jozy
Mangaratiba was Prandelli's choice. Against the wishes of FIGC who wanted a venue more accessible to sponsors &amp; fans less family centric.
Got power in my hands like a plug
There still is 2 minutes and 12 secs dawgz
Two very important games today. The last Revolution game and of course the USMNT. Can't wait!
I got in trouble once for telling a girl to go back to where she came from then
I jus wanna do something suppaa fun for the 4th of July
Sucessfully just VPN'd my iphone.
Had to mute half of ya spellman people talking non sense
This is beat it's not even nice out
Fuck off ref!
SFXIX Wednesday Divsion Wk1 Ln2-Let's Get Beard beat Most Interesting Team In The World 975-860.
Hit her with the \"so wassup\" lol
I have full faith in this.
I start work tomorrow .. my summer was fun while it lasted
Going to study when I get home. It is time to learn
if you hear ducks in a duckless place it's probably my ringtone
I am putting on my red white &amp; blue checkered shirt. Let's go !
\"Can I have a churro please? But without the sugar. I'm diabetic.\"
had a mango flavor and my burp is like... hahahh
We're up all night to get lucky
Holding off on the World Cup for the American tradition that is the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest. AND JOEY CHESTNUT PROPOSED TO HIS LADY!
Anyone tryna go to the quakes vs. sounders game on 8\/1???? Padre bought an extra ticket
I'm chillen why you won't leave me alone
When my parents compare their kids to others. Jeez, be grateful mama. Lol.
These Ghanans jump way to high. Just sayinnnnnn something in the beans.
Left keys in car. Waiting for backup keys to arrive aKa Mom
I'm only 10 mins early yet I'm the first one here.
If you smoking that bammer, hit yourself with a hammer
I'm just really upset no one cared more about us cage fighting today....
Four years together and this is where we are...nice.
My tires never pop like the puss on a bitch dike.
Myles ain't bout that turn up life lol
So proud of my newbie she conquered her inner critic to the finish line of her first 32min jog!
People that quote tweets without adding them need to stop
14 cops cars. One house. The boys play no games holy shit
\": First time at TK Noodle haha\" place is disgusting
My mom just referred to and I as \"2 man cult\" ............
Come on john....don't do that to her
I got my wish for Stephanie McMahon to be wrestling again. :)
Chrome WebRTC team - \"we want screen sharing applications to be first class citizens in WebRTC.\"
It's only like 730 &amp; I'm already over this day and am ready to go to sleep.
i used to love the 4th now i hate it
Lol that was amazing.
I think I just fell in love 30 times with all the dogs up for adoption at SPCA.
(Posts Instagram to 85k people) (chickens out of photo crediting herself) (300 likes in under 29 min) (should have photo credited herself)
RECORD HYSTORYPLEASE REFER TO : AOL BLOG 2004 CREDIT SUBJECT now seen PREDICTMENT WORLDWIDE &amp; I do not want BE RIGHT as I am98%
Headed to my sisters graduation, 100 RT's and I'll storm the field and give Mr. Grande a Stone Cold stunner.
Meyers-Briggs personality profile: INFP. Introverted, intuitive, feeling, perceiving
i thiught jayda was too young for one of thoes things that hang in the doorway but it says her age on it
USA USA fuck yeah
Tomorrow on It looks like I'll be featuring Stephen Kovacevich's performance of Beethoven's Waldstein piano sonata.
Everything is a pain when you're indecisive. Or is it a pain? Oh god
You picked the wrong week to pull some shit like this.
That 24 1.4 is magic.
I told Justin that I was gonna root for TJ when BU and Holy Cross play eachother
I have hit the Michael Jackson era that I don't remember. The late 90's post Lisa Presley era. (Watching Number Ones)
Miss my man ..one more night !!
Who's good at finding tattoos for people
Just sittin around waiting for that ann coulter being bitten by Luis Suarez meme to be tweeted at me
Hold It Down is my fav too
America, home of the free because of the brave
Let me finish cleaning my rooom
Some y'all niggas be in they feelins' more den dez bitchs tho!!
If you're still up slide into my dm's!
I want pizza hut with the stuff cheese crust n hot wings n all that good stuff.
I been takin shit light you don't wanna hear me trip
nein herr maneka .. das bhuko
So did this avicii thing end yet or can i still crack a few jokes?
she ain't no new bitch, she a used bitch
It's good to be lowkey most of the time.
Rain rain go away, come back another day.
I've never heard EITHER of my grandpas swear in front of me in my entire life...&amp; I'm getting called a slut&amp;whore by some irrelevant dude
Maybe I should go to bed now
\"You never step in the same river twice\" -yoga to the people
who needs an appendix anyway !
Only is youuu got me feelin like thissss ohhhhHh
Damn haven't made this walk in a while
Nicky fucking braciole whata ya doin with the basangol in garden oooooo
Love &amp; Hip Hop Is On YAY LMAOO
Twitter is too funny &amp; entertaining I think im addicted...im gonna try to stay off till Sat and if im fine, hell, ill go till...uh...Monday?
\"I don't like nuts unless they're on the female guy\"
So does anyone wanna come to the purple house or
On my flight with to Baltimore on our way to Houston
I shit you not a bat the size of my car just flew past me when I walked out the front door
when I really need something I can never find it
Hope one day I find out I'm wrong
Run clock, run.
Finally getting a chance to watch the bet awards ... Is it inappropriate if I tweet like it's live?
need about 2 other jobs to support my summer concert addiction
and I forget a lot now that I drink lol
I don't really like going to east ridge.
70+ and sunny at 7PM. Time for some fresh air.
Can't wait to see my niggas next month!
Am I Wrong is so insanely overplayed on the radio. Literally the second \"Get Lucky.\"
NAVASSSSS YOU FUCKING GOT THIS BRO!
\": no AC struggle life lol\" absolutely.
I didn't know one of my friends apts is like 10 minutes away from output and has the sickest view .. So sick
I think i needa Longer Tongue ring
Can't wait for 2018 when the ISIS Caliphate has a shot at the World Cup
When ever you call baby I roll up
(5) Stan Wawrinka def. Joao Sousa 6-3, 6-4, 6-3 in the 1st round of .
WHY THEY PLAYING DEMBOW AT ORIENTATION
Sometimes I gorget Niall and Harry only have a 10th grade education \n(( ))
Lmao watch you text me tomorrow like nothing's wrong
working about 9 hours everyday is so shitty
Pocnimo vise sa fitnesom ja samo! Ne ide na dobro ovo.
I gotta be honest, Miguel Herrera is a lot of fun to watch
Someone take English 102 at Suffolk starting next Monday with me! Thank you
\"It's such a wonderful surprise to see your shoes &amp; your spirit rise...\" - The Cure
How's it feel to let go of everything that you know.
\"It's like u cheating on me with food\"
Tryna get besides you like the number nine dime
Tonight's Scores: Sun 79 Sky 69. Shock 107 Fever 102.
I think I am the single most person without a netflix account
idk who boosie is tbh but free my cousin anyway
At least Beasley wanted to play
When the shit starts piling get a straw
I have my testing tomorrow but can't sleep
FOR WHO? What the fuck Knicks
Maybe that's because I'm mad at him. I'm worried about her. And I am about to fuck them up.
Wtf is Theodore Roosevelt doing at the game?
Yo la amo, usted me ama, las dos no amamos, PAJASJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA.
carter just gave us more reasons to dislike him today
Some days just need to go away!
15 years old and has a number one single... Wow.
CEO was fun to watch until d1 trident rush vs the world. Entertaining tournament. Watching and were highlights
I haven't studied for my regents yet and I don't plan to
Seeing a Leboff always makes my day
Celebrating the fourth scooping ice cream at Dippys I LOVE LIFE
This getting me excited for my faux dreads
better late then never but never late is better
I ready to buss my gun after anybody
Happy 4th to all! #@ Lentilicious1
I'm kinda sad I'll be in Tahoe while the bacon festival is going on...
When Zuko joins the avatar &gt;
You give somebody your heart and they laugh at it
Late night astrology study sessions w\/
\"That didn't work out very well for the giants\" -
Told those pussies to get up haha
I don't even know why TV dinners bother with trash ass mixed vegetables
WoW what a great night.
SO HAVE MY NUMBER AND CALL ME MAYBE ...TURN THAT MAYBE TO A YAAAAASSS
Honestly I don't care who win honestly THEY ALL TALENTED
When you say you wana hang out with me then go to someone else's house.... That's cool fuck you
Beautiful time of day right now to go for a long walk...
We're very proud of our amazing producer for graduating today :) congratulations!
(8) Milos Raonic def. Matthew Ebden 6-2, 6-4, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
Uwi na ko para makaligo. Amoy kahapon pa ko haha
Just because I went to jail doesn't make me a terrible person. Its a misconception that I'm sick of having to deal with.
Sorry to the people I pushed out
Not sure how to get someone without a twitter to text me
I can't get the one person I love back so imma just chill for now
It's really hot out but I'm not going to keep complaining because I would rather have this than snow
Like to be a Madrid and Napoli fan and someone does that? That's like getting shot twice yo
It's funny how it's always \"not every argument needs to have someone to blame\" when you're at fault.
It's a tough world out there for the directionally challenged.
Life is not fair, I see it daily but can we not level the playing field, Do the right thing. Speak out
Needless to say Capitol Records had to take 750,000 copies of that shit off the shelves and change the cover.
Do you ever write a really long message and about halfway through you're like \"you know what, they don't even care\" and delete it
Keep runnin yo mouf we gon run in yo house and the medics they gon bring some bodies out
Get up! For the love of god, please get up Jozy!
(If you want a hint, I stopped sweating halfway up. And I'm still dehydrated right now!)
I hate letting people down
It ain't raining 3s, it's drizzling 2s
Well that looks like it hurt a bit
It Gets Real When His Family Call You Family....
So who watches ? Did the soldiers at the end not look like sc2 marines.
jus received my confirmation email, 3 priority tickets, for friday to see !!
AHAHAHHAHAHA NICE SHOT RONALDO
HONEY BOO BOO CHILLDDDDD!!
Worst Hi I'm Nasty impression ever.
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a women so heartless
Any nor cal homie crusin to warped tomorrow?
Literally on this bed for 22 hours of the day
Nope, 4th of July weekend coming up RT : yall ready to pay your rent soon?
Idc if I'm Argentinian and am supposed to hate Brazilians... They're still gonna win, I mean look at that team they're beasts.
Getting ready to watch my show!
Looking back, your actions spoke so much louder than your words &amp; I really wish I acted differently. Meh
Talking to kiarah &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; lol that's my nigga
Chipotle not even all that serious
I get so fucking annoyed so easily
Just wish my life wasn't so difficult and fucked up
Today was a crazy day. First the conference, then the , now heading to Cipriani for the after party.
Black shorts and zeppolis don't go well together. My b.
If you had been there, if you had seen it, you would done the same
The USA beat Portugal on this day at the 02 world cup and also beat Colombia on this day at the 94 world cup. History repeats itself
Is it k to have a celebrity crush on a cartoon character
literally just been sitting at San Fran for 2 hours now
Ginobli is really busting ass right now smh.
Lively discussion about big ideas to improve the experience in
You guys missing such valuable information, stop talking about kim k watch the science channel
We used to really do that camping shit bruh lol
Internet at my house will be the death of me
i'm kidding if you're kidding but if you're serious so am I
JUST DROPPED MY PHONE ON MY FACE
I still forgot that Louis C.K. is actually Mexican
So T.I and Tiny putting on for the awards
Who the hell thought the concept of kidz bop was a good idea? And who's buying them? These people need to be locked away.
I USE TO LIVE RIGHT NEXT TO KALIN &amp; MYLES
Im finna go. Cop fifa 14
Landon Donovan book your ticket!!!!! Get to Brazil!!!! reunited and it feels so good.
If that bitch don't stop calling my Gf only at night bruh IMA fr say sum. I'm not liking that shit.
Meireles off to ice down the beard.
some bitches need to be put under the spotlight because they always tryna be number one
Zouis's been my otp way before the weed video guys chill, they've always brought badass sense tbh
I don't care if we make it far in the World Cup, not taking Donovan was a dick move
Lmao chill nick chill... Too strong
Yea it's big mothafuckin body bitch
So many bad birches up here...Fucking absurd man, omg.
ALL I DID WAS RT AND THEN LIKE A SECOND LATER HE FOLLOWED ME WOW IM SOOOOO HAPPY
Imma try and go to a game just me and ma nigga. No more asking around
Uuugghhh, I don't want to study this stuff. WHY CUNY WHY
Hahaha \": Mexicans cheating. How they gonna put a wall as a goalkeeper?\"
THROW THAT ASS IN A CIRCLE
Whole squad on that real shit.
I thought the nba was bad w flops..
im spending all of my money on nash's merch
Miami letting the spurs bench ball on them
I plan to watch a whole season of New Girl on Netflix tonight
Getting ready for the day. Got along day
I wonder what heavens got in store for me...
Cuz yous a fuck boy &amp; it ain't a secret
I want no.. I deserve to be happy
Gimme all the puppies in the world
Why did begin as if it was a second episode?
I noticed that usually the first child is always the ugliest
Ginobli Getting Crazy !
Me caen mal todos y todas. -_-
SC Homestead 3, Los altos 0, top 3
its a shame i can't share this beautiful blunt but hey
So guys, I played tennis with Joey and Lucie today. I think we're gonna be on the 2016 USA Olympic tennis teams because we're so good.
Nicki Minaj finally looks like a normal human being... and damn she bad as fuck!
3 days till and beyond excited.
opa asr que eu tive a ler aquela discussao de novo
AC\/DC, Guns N' Roses, Metallica, Rolling Stones
Everyone in my family judges me for not having my license yet none of my three older brother taught me how to drive -_-
if there was an eye roll emoji it would be me rn
I just wanna learn from the past, live in the present and plan for the future
but i ain't worried bout it tonight
Whatever I do I try making my mom proud. Even if my mom knew my darkest secrets, I'd want her to be proud.
Just had Panda Express for the first time in about 2 years.
LeBron won't sign up to carry team whole year like he did this year. He wants championships right now. Can't carry a team for 82gms+playoffs
I think I just realized how weird I am
Everytime I call my plug you know I need like two bricks
I swear she go
Couple more days . Dreams to reality .
little children and their need for damn water at 12:14am
I swear the Febiri family know everyone
We don't need much, just a bottle of Ciroc.
Why should I even fucking try !?
I'm just ready to go home and sleep tbh
I'm always doing something...
I wish i had a car rn , id go cruise around
I dnt share food fucc I look like sharing my niggah
Finding Nemo is life
HOLD THE FUCK UP BMart at grad today told me I passed my regents with a 94 How the hell did I pull that off...
My tattoo has way more meaning to me than I thought it would. I'm literally crying cuz it's perfect &amp; the meaning behind it means the world
Mike's the real MVP for getting Rosas tonight
I'm prob gonna eat again LOL
Got woken up by a bird flying Into my window
That was fucking fast. lol
Fresh fish is healthier than McDonald's unless it came from the gulf near BP oil spill. \n\n dem
Greece deserves more upset cause i was wearing a Gekas jersey my fuckin luck
Just arose from my third nap today someone please help me diagnose myself with something else other than laziness this struggle is so real
What u think we out here working for
I'm actually so thankful that I work with Adam because him and I get along so well
Ronaldo may be sexy as hell but he's getting on my nerves
Dreams are the language of God. But if He speaks in the language of the soul, it is only you who can understand.
SCREAMING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTESTTTTTTTTTTT ROOMIES &amp;&amp; !!!!!!!!
85 percent of the world got they brain froze
I dont wanna go, unless heavens got a dirt road
Shout out to the American dressed as Teddy Roosevelt at the World Cup. That's some creativity.
Waking up this early everyday for work is already getting old
find your own and leave mine alone.
I was a virgin till I came inside
Baby if you let me get on top I'll have you feelin some type of way.
Oh yea I need an extra month on the year one extra holiday just to kiss you all over your face
What I would do for a Smoothie right now... Amazing healthy treat if you even call it that
Caught up on ya ex I can get u passed him
I swear to god my generation is always looking for a scapegoat
I put the dope in the dumplings
I actually fucks with Troy ave od
At first I thought it was a very sad handwritten book
YA ALREADY KNOW WHAT PERFORMANCE IM WAITING ONNNNN!!!!!
Despite the fact that my shirt says \"happy valley\" I am definitely not a happy camper
Milos Raonic = better-looking Jack White
We started a trend at karaoke with the throwbacks
This shit hurts
is on I ll be alright for tonight.
Miami needs to renegotiate Big 3 contracts. Bosh and Wade are STEALING money from LeBron
My life is so balanced out, I go to school and don't Nigerian food for months, come back home and eat Jollof rice everyday
No shit I hate more than a fuckin front.
\"Wow, Doug. Your literally a jerk for saying that.\"
watched lone survivor for the first time and all I gotta say is that if you didn't shed one tear during that movie you have no soul
So girls in NY go to clubs with their girls to dance amongst each other all night
Can't wait till I move so I can be in my pool 24\/7
How does one get information - blind item type - to a gossip site? Can I get paid? Do I have to give names or concrete evidence?
I tell her fuck that nigga
dear summer,\nleave. \nsincerely the chick who wears hoodies &amp; jeans in june.
\"Europeans have toilets inside their houses,\" she said. \"I think it is very unclean.\" -My Secret History, Paul Theroux
Fuck! We need him!
Hopefully the pissed off the where they can take off on the ! ;)
The only thing college has taught me:\n1) women are crazy\n2) men make them that way\n\nAin't sorry bout it
Hey Ronaldo if you going to play that shitty let me take your World Best Trophy and give Ribery
my HS experience is goin well
Love N Hip Hop On ?
Morning had broken.I am bright eyed and bushy tailed
Dear Christians, \nPls try to remember: Love thy neighbor\nDo unto others as you would have them do unto you\nJudge not lest ye be judgedjudged
when did it become normal for people to call target \"tarjay\"?
I wanna be a wedding planner
see I know a little bit somethin good always come out of a little bit somethin bad
Guess I have a date with an Irishman tomorrow
HAHAHA PIECE OF SHIT
I'm partially happy I'm missing the game today just b\/c I know we're gunna get owned by Belgium. But at the same time I still do wanna watch
Ok so does anybody actually have tickets and is going there or is already there? Tryna see as many familiar faces as possible
The traffic in New York is ridiculous
When you dot get what you want you throw a tantrum
let me stop being annoying ...
The box coming has become a minnow of delight in a sea of dreary brown smiling arrows.
did the rain decide it was too good for my house??
I never know with you.. Idk man
If it's gone unnoticed, my giving a fuck is absolutely gone.
&amp; I hope a bitch tries something today, I'd LOVE to be the one to fuck your face up even more.
Did not see the going after Thornton or him wanting to go there. IMO.
Damn no reply he slammed that shit
Some people don't respect relationships and you just got to realize that.
\": bananas don't give a fuck\"
Fuuuh. I really think I left my shoes at home..
One of the most nerve racking things in all of sports
Crazy how people can get into ur head
Flashback Friday: I used to refer to hooking up with someone as \"having a twosome\". Pretty sad that never caught on. Cc:
Everytime I go to Dunkin Donuts and ask for a medium iced green tea they give me something different. But why?
This girl is deff cut off forever .
While Elena was taking of pictures of me not being able to stand in the pool, I was drowning
Tommy just walked into the deli with frozen blasting from his phone...happy Tuesday everyone.
.says it does not have the technology to provide tracking info for street sweepers online in real time.
Reminiscing middle school hell with the squad lmfao
going to the beach on 4th of July and jst laying there watching the fireworks sounds dope.
.Jahar Tsarnaev said that Grand Theft Auto was his inspiration
my mom can ground me all she wants that's not gonna stop me from going out and getting drunk tomorrow so I don't care
Budweiser is such a great beer
I can't wait to wear my new nike pros.
Now that i think about it, my parents let me get away with EVERYTHING as a kid.
We live in a world where memories are hashtags, and feelings are status updates. It's sad that it has come to this.
5 second violation! Cant even inbounds...EVERYTHING is difficult for Heat...
Short but fun trip.
I don't think anyone understands how excited I am for this weekend!!!!
Love walkin home from bay ridge in the rain
Jozy Altidore Has Been Cleared To play Against Belgium.
Just Call Me Anytime Your Available!
I can get a secondhand high from pretty much anywhere in sf.
This motherfucker is falling asleep on the road
Sniff so bag an is em Oy John fb $ edgy&amp;Krug gym gaby fug gruff gimp si si ix be vi chi chi Di nbd del oz vi do och Di Oahe dost Co
Before I die I will go to the BET awards
First Independence Day away from home and my family
That high leg kick seemed like more of a yellow card foul than the one that got a yellow card
Hacerte feliz, no para llevarte a la cama... Si no para llevarte a la eternidad conmigo!
why white people love saying \"merica\" ?
haha , even with one ball was hitting better then us today
Nothing like watching the Sandlot and eating bday cake with my uncle boobert
I get paid to blow shit up the next 3 nights. Y'all jeally?
I don't understand how she thinks it's funny that I hate her? T'f? I HATECHU!
The MLS just keeps getting better and better with these new signings
Do people have a favorite iOS XMPP client these days? Bonus points if it can do OTR \/ encryption.
I hate that nasty ass taste when you brush your teeth and drink oj.
Yes thank you
So its Pakistan vs India here... Aaj indian biryani, kl Pakistani biryani! :p\nGuess what, i am a judge! -_^\n=
That nigga was running for his fucking life lmfao
this weekend he's going to Vegas &amp; we still can't watch it.
Three steps for clear skin: face wash, moisturizer, photoshop.
Baby if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away don't care what the people say
F U C K white people
REPECT &amp; FREEDOM no mockery AIN' T a JOKER am a WOMAN of GOD MY MISSION IS TO FURTHER WORLD's PROSPERITY TROUGH HARMONY
Yo if ur gnna say something just say it to me lol not them lmao
New gay ass avi mother fuckers
Clearly getting the silent treatment and I'm so unaware of why that is
Paul McCartney is in nyc now \nomg omg omg
Took my mom to get a spray tan bout to get one
When Joseph screams Caesar's name it sounds like \"SHEEEEE ZARDDDDDDD\"
Pool party: 967 middle bay dr Baldwin harbor
and back to Italian--off to
It's pay day &amp; this bitch still hasn't showed up with my money!
I'm REALLY happy I'm not one of those people who have to be constantly talking to someone to be happy.
Ball game, bron don't even care no more
can't sleep man what the heck
I'm watching Charlie &amp; the Chocolate Factory &amp; I see a little of myself in each of the 5 kids that found a golden ticket.That's bad Lol
Time for a little back in !
\"I thought you were going to be a bitch because you look mean, but you're actually really nice!\" Uhm, what?
\"Here's your goodbye song\"
Jake Rubenstein is a poser who broke edge.
why tf are ppl saying snow died like um he didn't
I should have tried out for the real world I would be the mayor of drama city on that show I'll get my ass kicked Idc where's my paycheck
Wow what a beautiful goal by Jones.
There's a couple of people on my snapchat that I honestly look at their stories like 5 trillion times. Yeah I'm a creep. I know.
\"everyone is going to be scared to answer that, so I'll go first. You guys use the time to think about it.\" being rad.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY (I forgot to get you a present so a drink will have to do on thurs) :) x x
Niggas wifing bitches that be letting niggas run trains on them now ? Oh gosh .. What has this generation come too ?
Who wants to play True American tonight with me and
Sun comin up 5am .. I wonder if they got cabs still
I hope you all enjoy my snapchat story!
FIFA is a little trigger happy with the stretchers.
eita carai, porra portugal vai tomar no cu
\"Do you live in the field because I'm stalking you\"
It's almost the end of June. I don't get how time's moving so fast.
So Messi jwen resi jwenn Manno Sannon! Apre 3 mondyal. Hummk! Smh
Fav this tweet and I'll do nothing at all.
NOTHING FUCKING MAKES SENSE, i JUST WANNA BE A PSYCHIC FUCK
AMERICAAAAAAAAAAAA FUCK OFF PORTUGAL
This ref 1.2.3 rk mou blow his whistle
every RT counts as a RT.
I go on Instagram and look and pictures of trucks for about an hour
Dang Wolf Watch stepped up their game
Funny when \"friends\" hit you up only when they want something
Excited to follow Season 11 of &amp; watch our WFU Dance Co girlcrush WIN IT! Go dance, go Deacs (heads up !)
If there's one thing people on the internet are great at, its catching my spelling errors.
Im done breaking them down myself only to have to rebuild So instead of taking them down everytime a girl \"acts\" like she cares...
I got some fireball life is good now
We're very loving and very cautious about loving. We won't tell you it often, but we'll definitely show you it through our actions.
. The talk is Sterling threatened a witness, God forbid someone tried to tape record the witness, oh my!
Why am I always hungry at this time???
Was that Cobi Jones?!?! I haven't watched soccer since 2002 . . .
Dancin' on the tailgate in the full moon
Not a better feeling in sports than dogpiling the mound after winning it all
I actually can never do anything right??
Don't know why I came in this club wit you girrrrl
Not gonna lie, I would be down to go to Pride.
I always feel nauseous at night when it's hot
Thought you didn't like him? Lmao
\"Be open to truth, from whatever source it comes\"
Dillon thought he would be cool and start a prank war with me at work.
I got a free house until I go to work at 1:30. Somebody come spark a blunt on the deck
I think my nickname should be 2Cakes..
I JuST WANt mY ENgLASH REGenTs grADE pLS
I want to go back to Israel so bad...it's only been 5 months but I miss Dor and guy so much. I hate this
Forget that last tweet. I heard wrong.haha
I highly dislike you in so many ways
4 years in the finals with two championships isn't a bad stat, if you ask me
I wish someone would of smacked me really hard in the face as a kid when ever I said \"I can't wait to grow up. \"
Being genuinely happy &gt;
This is like Arsenal vs. Arsenal but if half of all Gunners are on the bench. :-(
Mcm...? Mmmmm ... Obviously ! &lt;3
DEMPSEYYYYY LETS GOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
Fuck it, reality doesn't change even when it's at your doorstep.
Spend all your time and your money just to find out that my love is free
Soooooo excited to see pat decker tonight !
\"but for some reason, now and then, I consider the 'what if's' and 'maybe's' but that sh-t makes me bitter...\"
Like, I don't care if you got drunk by yourself last night hahaha good luck with your hangover
always pullin that cute shit at the right fkn moments
Put me in twitter jail i dare you
creo que voy a sephora y caiqo presa :c
Not really my place to say anything though
Amy Adams you are a class act!! Proud to be a fan of yours!
life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend
Forgot to wash my uniform. Gosh darn
Nadie viene a tomar Gancia con Sprite conmigo :(
Did I really just barf at the gym...great to be back after a weekend
my mom knows when I'm high and starts fucking with me... who does that
Have finals for a week
I Honestly Didn't Want Him To Go This Morning..\nI Just Wanted To Feel The Warmth Of His Body Against Mine..
honestly talking to you tonight has made my day better
Howzit my bru
Y que me ara un baggett
My worst fear is dropping my phone into a less than clean Porta potty
I feel like George Bailey when he was asked why his lip was bleeding. \"its an answer to a prayer\" see what you get for being grateful??!!
why is everyone throwing up
Sarah Juliano drunk called me last night and left me a voicemail
I think a lot of people forgot about the France and Germany game clash of giants another European team will go home
3 pounds, 3 inches, in 3 days without starving or losing muscle. That's insane.
Eta at fado 11am, but I get the feeling it won't be early enough
I'm going to get carpal tunnel in my wrists cause fat people.....
Pharrell is the definition of smooth
Howard lookin like Common. Lol
Beer pong by the beach...nice night
That Argentina jersey needs to be copped
My beautiful black women even the white man starting to be scared of you
Simone Bolelli def. Tatsuma Ito \n7-5, 7-6, 3-6, 7-6 in the 1st round of .
it's not that i dont wanna text back, it's just that my show hasnt gone on commercial yet
I swear to god girls turn lesbian over night like ....
just Ruled that Women are NOT created equal:\nViagara, Yes; Women's Contraceptives, No!
wearin track shorts to school sorry not sorry
I can't wait to get my truck back tmw this really sucks
3 am &amp; nobody to talk to story of my life hann
when you think of a better insta caption 4 hours later &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
If my girl get beat up I really can't have her ... I need a girl who gone defend me , we cant be getting beat up together .
this weekend! Sunday hurry up! Can't wait!
Jimmy Wang def. Alejandro Gonzalez 6-3, 6-3, 6-2 in the 1st Round of .
I feel so bad for Jozy :( hopefully his World Cup trip isn't over.
My mom has this talent of texting me asking when I'll be home right as I'm pulling into the driveway
Mom: You know those two beetles on my flowers? I think they're husband and wife, one is on top of the other!!!
Just one chance
NAVAS IM GOING TO BRASIL RN :* :* :* :*
thank god Kayla found her calculator I was getting scared she might hurt me
A MOSQUITO JUST PLAYED CRASHED DUMMY WITH MY ARM AND I JUMPED OUT OF BED LIKE I WAS HAVING A SEZIURE
STOP PASSING THE FUCKING BALL LEBRON !!!
This past week had to have been one of the hardest in a while but completely and
in the jacuzzi in the jacuzzi , relaxin ' ?
I'm hungry. Someone send me a spicy chicken burger with a la Fresa tea ...
so, the key to get slammed by recruiters is to set your location to NY?
Thrilled to be heading to Santa Barbara for the 5th and final time before our wedding. Let's do this babe!
I would love to hear do the prechorus to Reflex by .
Quote this with a picture of your mom's elbow
Me and Nertnwere on the bus for ab 30 min before we said fuck it ....
Just text my ex to said happy birthday.. I do it every years and we broke up for like 8years already.
GOOOALLLL BY LA PULGA MESSI!!!!!
Nigga even knelt down &amp; let a tear drop .. &amp; before he could get up he heard my gun cock .
WHERES THAT HIS ANKLES!!?!??
Usually I don't eat until 2 or 3, I feel like I should eat something this morning though
Gross I'm sure you feel like shit
Now u disrespecting my family im good thats crazy
I'm very satisfied with the season finale of Game Of Thrones.
Sweat equity is the most valuable asset in a .
Bruh, the shit I'm taking right now.. Intense
I'm being bombarded w\/ folks saying \"but you can't vote on .\"If you don't understand importance of elections,I'm not going to explain
For my birthday I really just want to go to Abigail's and paint a wall of my room with chalkboard paint.
waking up from nap of the day
I remember seeing chalmers at Drais in Las Vegas two years ago. I should have faded him on sight.
So I had to babysit 2 little boys today for an hour and half while their lovely mother was being arrested for stealing. Pretty nice huh?!!
Let's go that's one fireball shot need one more
Facebook cada ves mas loco anda . Mas loco que yo .
thot teeth, thot pants, thot juice, thot shoes, ya really wallin
Yo I really want pumpkin seeds but I don't wanna walk to the 24 alone
DHS IS MILITARIZING LOCAL POLICE TO KILL US CITIZENS WHO DON'T WANT BIG GOV. AND CLING TO CONSTITUTION BELIEFS.
Ready for chem tomorrow!!! jk im going to fail
I've already gotten so much done today and it's only 7:30
The fact that just followed me.....
How tf you can change ya picture on kik but not text me back
I'm calling people to light then up but no one picks up and it be the people bitching at me for a light up. Fuck all ya niggas on someshit
I just came downstairs to go to the store and shit is dead. Shit used to be live.
I can't trust these niggas &amp; I don't believe them hoes neither ...
Get home from a 12 hr work day and I can't shower cuz my faggot ass lil brother decides to bathe in his own filth instead of a 5 min shower
airport fifth harmony is my favorite even though i never actually met them at the airport
I'm sure he's a great kid who helps out &amp; does well in school &amp; all, but the blonde boy from the Toaster Streudel TV ad is creepy.
I'm sleepy..time for my 3 hr nap~
I just miss you. A lot.
Vaaaaaay. jones koydu.
Top 3 annoyances, when someone that's supposed to answer your phone call doesn't answer.
Homeboy lives in Nevada. On a serious basis, this shits going nowhere. But it'd be cool af if he went to raves, cause having a bae is cool.
sorta gotta do hw..sorta gotta watch 6 seasons of lost
Yo im mad our guest speaker today quoted pharrell william's happy song omg
Gained 9 pounds since fucking Friday. 9 fucking pounds
Dempsey get mad!!
sooo Ghana do what now ????
I don't wanna fall another moment into your gravity
I didn't go for a full month for nothing.
That tweet is so true OMG
I have the worst luck omg
Bitches will do anything for some free weed
Idc who you are or what you're doing but when a thousand miles by Vanessa Carlton comes on you sing along to that shit
Disappointing, that's what you are. Forgettable.. That's what you'll be (:
I hate looking at messages where I do majority of the talking. Makes me feel stupid.
Picture the worst night ever...I just lived it. Prom 2014 you sucked
City is a pity, half a y'all won't make it.
I'm going to light my mom and sister on fire i hate them
Honestly I'm excited as hell for RAW tonight. Interested what happens with Rollins, Ambrose, Reigns, where Bray goes, etc.
Pepe is being a little B . He said he any get fucked up tomorrow because Mexico plays the next day lmao
Colleen reminds me of Emily from pretty little liars hehe
AMERICA!! POPTARTS BACON MTV PLAYBOY TAYLOR SWIFT NWA HAPPINESS AND FREEDOM
These USA jerseys are cleaaaan
Ahead on - a Texas jogger finds a child abandoned in the bushes after car theft, will have the latest
Gonna run through a fucking wall
Lows are inevitable, but just like the highs they come and go...
happy birthday mommy. I hope 44 is good and you're even better. i love and miss you with all my heart.
welp there goes my dreams of bein a pimp lol
Why did I do that...
His and pan ic Pan am
Teaming up against me and shit
If we were meant to be we will be together until then I must keep moving on.
I want to add another class and it's not fucking letting me because I already exceeded as a full time student ! Like fuuuck man
Do you ever miss someone so much that it physically hurts
I've decided I'm just gonna turn lesbian, where can I sign up?
only person I see myself with at the moment &amp; I can't even be with them
time for money in the bank
First imma go get the choppa, then imma go get the Mac, pistols hanging out the rari, we shooting at all of they ass.
why do i say dude so much ?
drive in on this beautiful night
If you think I don't think about you then you've got it all wrong
You can sit next to the boy who you think is the cutest
Good start for the Sabres so far. Now we take Reinhart and it's a good draft
\": wait food? Food for what? Lol\" for eating. Lol what else are you gonna do with food? Hahaha
The Real Deal James Neal is gone? :(
Dear hurry up and open a location in the Marina!
Carter it would mean so much if you followed me.... It would make the rest of my life even better...... Please!
goddamnnnn i lost a lot of money at the track lol
!!!!! All tied up. Let's bring it home !
how hypocritcal of you to say
Hot fries is the breakfast of champions
Wait I still wanna drink tho
\"...IF YOU CAN'T AFFORD A LAWYER ONE WILL BE APPOINTED TO YOU.. BITCH.\"
We out here doin bad shit nigga......bad shit
I'm glad I'm not just making myself laugh
If there were a World Cup for being annoyed, I woulda won that shit today.
I know I'm imperfect\nand not without sin\nbut now that I'm older all childish things end\nand tell him...\n~L. Hill
Happy July 4. We as Jews MUST appreciate all that this great country does for us. Our freedom can NOT be taken for granted. TY USA!!!!!!!
If you're in the LES with some Newports, holla @ me
Mimi sounds crazy stupid right now son
Building a tech enabled marketing business while becoming a philosopher part-time... Or is it the other way around? ;)
That arena look like a big ass warehouse from the side
\"You have to come over, from my roof you can see the freedom tower, the Eiffel Tower,and.....wait....\"
I saw the greatest live production of Much Ado I've ever seen and met two of my acting heroes. Not a bad way to cap a Wesnesday.
So we can do each person one by one? Who we got tiff? Char ? Dasia angel and her fam? Vs reyna lmfaao it's good
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different.
Keep up with the kardashians until you end up in a card board box while they swim in money
Mysterious thought of the day while having a bagel in Brooklyn: let's be alone together
You post more selfies than a girl..
Voter fraud was their idea, no wonder Republicans are so much better at it.
I'm so sick of having no friends that I can be serious with. This is ridiculous.
so last night I saw two 80 year old ladies smoking weed
I could still scroll though my tumblr for days it's so pretty
So is it possible this man can be paralyzed?
yoooooo can't be followin no lame ass sleepin ass asses
Unexpected turn . This no longer seems promising ....
Phoebe Tonkin is hella winning bc she's dating Paul Wesley
done worrying bout shit not my prob i did all i could id rather walk away then use every ounce of energy
I'm not going to treat people poorly anymore , there's a better way to conduct myself .
People's opinions can't affect you unless let them
happy to know landed safely via Yo
Somewhere, there exists a picture of me feeling up the Wall Street Bull's shiny metal testicles. It must be nice to have bulletproof nuts.
My attempt at studying lasted like 10 minutes because I'm so tired. Fail.
im going to be so depressed when i finish this book I LOVE ITD SODF MUCNH
ive been dreaming of you these last 3days. Big lips soft kiss. And that ass, mmmm.
\": no I was gonna go with you so we can hang out :)\" this nikka said \"hang out \" try to get me shot .
Hey Adams! Buy my local produce. Peppers are next
I HAVE A FUCKING FEVERMANNNN
I think I saw a hobo riding a wheelie on a google bike today. Seems like a metaphor for something but no idea what.
Men are one thing I don't think ill ever understand
Plz let me pass chemistry tomorrow
Stupid bitch who runs in all Gluck at night. Then you have the nerve to flip me off
white trash kenmore girls lol smh
Llegar al trabajo y q todos me digan..\n\"Lo siento por tu equipo\"\nNo me agradan hahahahha
The most difficult guys are sometimes worth it.
My mom has this power of just forgetting I exist. Yesterday she asked me a question and didn't bother to listen kt what j had to say....
should be the song of the year
get me drunk on wine so I know it's real
I think the sexiest thing in the world is a man cooking for a woman.
i have this sick beat in my head that i cant actually play
How weird is it that I'm about to start taking shots by myself and not study for my final tomorrow ?
Visited the coop in Greenfield hoping we would love the town
Can we just stop for a moment and acknowledge the greatness that is Watch The Throne
Can't sleep, this is a bitch
\"You want advice, call Dr. Phil.\" -Harvey Ha.
Leave it to me to jump off a bench and end up having to go to the hospital...
that's me when i was 10
Cousin: \"Okay, Malia, which team do we hate more than the Giants?\"\n\nMalia: \"Yankees.\"\n\nLol.
Lol these kgs are trying to get me to lol again
Karen carpenter did not like 3 thins: rainy days, Mondays, and food
Anyone else still getting this amber alert bc I am!?
holy shit I'm browsing LUElinks right now.\n\nI never thought I'd be able to say that.
I wanna rock with you alll night td
I think people empty quote stuff cause they don't wanna other people's Avis on their screen lol
Just when you thought it was over
I'm so claustrophobic that sometimes wearing my sneakers too tight makes me wanna throw up
Music usually helps me with my depression
That might be my fav movie now lol
\": Deciding who to bring with me to vegas is the hardest thing ever....\"
The ladies love John Legend's voice
I need to buy me a bike
There's no frontrunner this year. Whoever beats in will win the World Cup, whether it's today or some time next week.
Malachy McCourt has announced that will be the recipient of the next Award in October
I don't know the first thing about soccer (futbol), but I know I like watching Messi
I feel like a recovering plastic surgery patient
Who dat who dat? I-G-G-Y.
honestly, I just feel bad. \nnot even for me, but for y'all.
Not even a bar could put me to sleep right now , I need two ...
Pilot Announcement, \"It's gunna be a smooth flight from SFO to JFK except when we hit some turbulence over Detroit.\" Of course.
Some days I have a lot of patience some days I have none at all
I miss you but idek why I give you credit. I made the relationship. I guess my high hopes made me love you more then I should have
Cuanto lo siento pero, a no se le puede creer ni un padre nuestro. Eso require terapia Intensa y aun asi no hay Garantia.
.Ah, and now the implication is that we R just too stupid to understand how U have taken a hateful word and made it pretty
If u have 10k followers you should at least be getting 1k likes, that's like 10% of your following, if not then something doesn't add up
You're just \"Lucky\" you have both parents in your life...
goddamn like i can't even hear myself think
I wish there was a \"Block this whore from appearing on my TL\" setting on twitter
Rich people problem, answering your own door
\": I'm going to take a shit on the back of your neck\" I'll miss you too man
ive been trying to sleep for this whole day idont think i can even sleep tonight anymore l0l
7 8 Final
Finally, my Brothers and Sisters, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might.
Sad girl is the lyrics to my soul
only single muhfuckas up at these hours.
Fuck, Altidore is probably done for the World Cup with that hamstring strain.
90 degrees, leather seats and shitty A\/C. Damnit.
JOSIE STOP TRYING TO MAKE ME WATCH PLANET EARTH
taking the longest nap of my life when i get home
Let's go swimming
Aquele momento que vc esquece uma pessoa dai vc ve ela e ela fode com a sua vida denovo!
holy shit within minutes
TUEN TJE FUCK UP
Why are white guys so god damn attractive ?! ?! ?!
\": im really shy at first then I get fucking crazy so\"
Eso Fue peor el lo Recordo!
This 8 to 4 shift is about to be rough
I'm going to shit all over Russell's rap career
jozy looks to have pulled his hammy. fuck. most likely out for the tournament if it's so.
Dont play ya xbox if it has redrings slow it downnnn dont play with ya ex box if it has red rings.
Bouta smoke til I can't feel my face
Once you learn how to be happy, you won't tolerate being around people who make you feel anything less.
Got 1\/5 of a mile into a run, said \"nope\" and turned around
\": Drinking a moderate amount of Vodka before bed can actually help you sleep better.\" Obviously
Psych279 final is about to get raped by me
SPURS. NBA CHAMPS!
Never in my life have I been so hated that the person didn't even wanna look at me of speak to me,
Fight gone bad in the books...time to prep for the wedding
did nash ever figure out who tried to break into his house?
HAHAHAHHA RONALDO YOU BLOW
S\/O to Ty for the free milkshakes and strawberries you da best.
My parents deadass got atleast 6 blow horns
Delay after delay after delay
I hate people who change plans last minute because I always get screwed over
Why didn't I think of this sooner
Then bruh got he nerve to have like 24 songs like are y'all gonna pay for some more storage to
Jennyfer not jennifer or jenyfer or jenifer. \nJennyfer.
And came into today averaging 27.5 points per game, with a 119 o-rating. Maybe just give the Spurs credit instead forcing a fake narrative
I wanna lay in bed all day and watch horror films with you.
Some girl gave me a $20 tip lol
Retweet if little mix follows you Little Mix
Yo you almost broke my leg Trappinn too hard but shit you the trap lord
U want my love? U want my heart?
It needs to be 8 so I can talk to my baby
When you call your white friend my nigga they start singing in their head \"Nigga we made it!\"
My cousins in Hawaii rn why am I not there with them
How could I forget how hot Oliver Wood was
Lara Croft: Oakland Raider
Howard Beach kinda reminds me of Cali.
You will get knocked out .....
Take you on a funky ride
A mug welder will use mug and f-17 to manufacture metals fabricating solar cars!!!
Very true RT : Melissa = cornball
I thought I was gonna get pizza
Our big show opens Wednesday and it's now out of our hands. Hope the reviews are good. Meeting adjourned!
Christiano Ronaldo your killing me.
That includes when White people tweet\/retweet 'nigga'
IF YOU PULL SOME ANON HATE SHIT YOU A FUCKING PUSSY ASS NIGGA AND YOU AINT SHIT GO FUCK YOURSELF
Looking like I am going to Idaho after all hopefully
I actually kinda laugh at the things that happen to me cuz it actually has to be a joke its amazing
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK. FUCK
...just finished Gossip Girl... This is a sad sad day
Dempsey showing that toughness!
Wtf the first minute of the game and there is already a goal
\"I just want to be happy with life, break out and take control\"
Just cruisin on this fine summer night
U know who would be handy in this situation.... A guy named Landon Donovan... Oh yea
Nights like these make me realize my sleeping schedule is fucked up.
Buy a paperback &gt; buy dinner
I got way to drunk for a Wednesday night
It's all good. You don't have to believe in me cuz the only thing that matters is that I believe in myself
Maybe John Eastman broke down in hysterics in the green room and couldn't get him to snap out of it?
Feeling alone in a room full of people.
Sometimes sitting in the dark wishing you were here turns me crazy.
Buuuuuut im pretty sure that would be the only gift i get so might as well make it something super worth it
i didnt mean to make scene hot that was really uncalled for....
I can't wait until the Isles buy their pick out in 10 years and keep paying them until the year 2100.
Acabo de ver a bambi me acerque y le pregunte por su mama.
MT: : social experience using hashtags to connect with and learn more about the event!
Since niggas wanna dub my text n shit I'll just go to the park
I'll never sweat her , she know I put in work in the Jetta !
I fucking miss gov ball haha
With Craig we get dessert just about every night... I swear I'm going to get fat
God grant me the serenity to hold religious views, the courage to incorporate, and SCOTUS the wisdom to know the difference.
I said mum 4 times today! I'm slowly being converted by British television!
Ringo can tweet 43 emojis and get 2,000 retweets I love that man
Lara Arts 'n Croft
I need a movie where some serial killer is going on a wild killing spree not some straight couple falling in love.
I'm like 2 Decades late,but I love the shit out of Gatorade. Ha
JACOB SAID HE LOVED ME ON YOUNOW
HA sucks to suck
Heat fans disappeared
Chem regents? More like stab me in the chest 24 times am I right hahahahh
the things id do to be able to sleep past 8....
Wife: Last year I was sweet. But this..i am SPICY!!
The look in yo eyes I know you want some
Schoolboy Q, ASAP FERG, ASAP ROCKY, ACTION BRONSON
There should be one massive group text with all us alcoholics within a bunch of miles figuring out the movement for every night
This weekend went by way too fast
Tried Halal for the first time
Start the group G with a goal to USA against Ghana. Let's go, !!!!!
Mom's a descendant from someone who signed the Decl of Indep., Dad arrived to this country thru Ellis Island after WWII.
I'm really in no mood to associate w customers today .. I want my bed
Love working in the rain on 4th of July. I'm quiting today lol
\"It's easy to know what you're against...[and] quite an honor to know what you are for.\" -The Wind That Shakes the Barley
A friend's U-haul reservation was screwed up for this weekend. I explained that on SF Pride weekend, the lesbians have them all booked.
My fatass would cook a cup of noodles lol
Ppl be like \"that don't sound like something so&amp;so would do\" yea well you don't know so&amp;so.
go steal his flow if you don't yo shiii gon flop
is getting torched right now
never gonna get used to this new sportscenter
buenas doche mi jentes todabia no mr voy a dormir pero alo que se van..
7\/23 Dollar and a Dream tour in LA? Might have to go and check that out.
Update: It's been 22 minutes and boots is still going strong on the wheel. Maybe he ate too many sunflower seeds today
Sometimes you need a little love. in your life to put you on the right track
Every year before I watch the awards... I look at myself and I say \"No matter what I witness on tv tonight. Black is Beautiful\"
i like how rollins is working the legs of rvd good shit
Thanks for being so extremely late and ruining my Sunday night
Going to the beach today with Zo!
Smoking everyday ain't the wave no more.
\": People will judge you no matter what you do... So you might as well do what you want.\" Too real
The Episode of when Jackson interrupts Aprils wedding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I'm dying right now.
45 minutes waiting in line for a hot dog at Brooklyn Cyclones. Summer's cruel ploy. Let's go S.I. Yankees.
baby i could rule the world with a girl like you on my arm
Hi guys just survived a 12 hr flight . Will be so good to see you all \nLove Dad
Fact. No one can piss me off like my brother does.
\": Wanna go to the movies\"
Lol happy 4th of July from me and Amelia who have been locked in the attic in montauk sleeping all morning.
You all make me feel like I'm too young to even enjoy myself here.
It's hella ironic that I live on grizzly ct that's ironic
Quuuien me estab llamando privado ?! -.- i hat it , fuck
YAS new hottie on teen wolf
Young thug &amp; chief keef my favorite artist right now.
With samples of Pony by Ginuwine \n
Ahh I love the feeling after a workout
That just happened
my eyes are tearing because youre so hot
\"i want 2 burn some1 w\/ a cigarette\" -
Copping this Argentina jersey tomorrow
\"Just as men have a tendency to rush into physical intimacy, women make the mistake of rushing into complete emotional intimacy.\"
\"But sometimes you lie about stuff\" \/to hahahahaha
I'm not even being cocky I'm just not interested.
and there is giant puddles and stuff
Probably gonna end up being that guy who goes to bed at 8
Son we gotta turn the air on tonight it is hot as shit.
lmaoo,I neva made more than 1 account of an IG or twitter.. Thas dumb af deleting than making a new 1 for the 100th time
I still can't get over how basic the phone ima have is gon look sheeeshhhh
I admit I don't love myself enough to be on a relationship with anyone.
Perfect girl but your flaws are what define you
They're throwing CroCop kicks at my man Dempsey here.
Any volunteers for renting movies tonight and eating snacks with me?
I would like to direct everyone's attention to Taylor's header on twitter... It's my cat
So much more nervous now that we're tied then I was when we were losing
Most intense game ever..
\": Everything's better when you're tan\"
Sam and Gilly are the WORST. They are the worst couple on television
From the back smashin ha ass clappin I am nasty....
I hope drake blesses her with his presence
Having to work 4-5 hours and closing is the bullshit
Holyyyyy fuck dempsey leggggggggo
All I wanted to do yesterday was text u. But I didnt. Because Im a strong person. Im done chasing people. Its time for someone to need ME
If duncan ginobili and pop dont retire they will win it again next year guaranteed
Yoo play me
Happy independence day, and god bless America!!!!!
I think iknow what I want
If the flyers get the first pick in the draft imma slap 78 thots.
Been a lot of noise lately about - rightfully so. I'm having an OG right now and this beer is straight tits!
Snapchat me : soundecisive
Just waiting for to get me a barista job at the cafe. Because ya know. I know a thing or two about coffee.
4 you need to be cuffed
Can you upload video clips you already have to vine?
Sell Your Cleverness and Buy Bewilderment
One of the factors to consider when finding solutions to lifestyle goals, says is food literacy. We couldn't agree more!
She drowned in the tears of her fears...
Watching money in the bank
my sister just ripped bong in the bathroom ..she tried to be slick tho hahaha
Really just not looking forward to nothing right now
Gettin lap dances all night cause I love her
wisdom teeth aftermath videos will be the death of me
Who do you think would win in a bitch face whiny little wiener nerd contest between AJ Soprano and Wesley Crusher?
Ide hope my peers would evolve from this labeling phase. Smh.
in order to save money you gotta act like you have none
\": I kinda wanna go see transformers lol\" Same
Apple treats us like unruly children.
Lmao omg they are really trying to ban Video games
Can we just stay up for hours and talk about all our problems?
Wow woke up hela early now I can't fall back asleep and woke up with Cotten mouth FML!!!
operation sass all the band boys is a go.
Nobody has answered me for the past hour guYS IM REALLY LONELY SOMEONE BE MY FRIEND
2012 RT: \"snip snip, cut the dead weight out of your life and suddenly everything gets brighter. Life is sweet when it's not toxic.\"
To busy for dinner... midnight binge: quinoa with lemon, pita chips w\/ hummus, and edamame. That'll do pig, that'll do.
Drunk cousin:\"Nicole what's your major again?\"\nMe:\"chemical engineering\"\nDrunk cousin:\"woah I like can't even spell that right now\"
To wear my USA jersey or not to the bar right now
It just aint worth it no more
Parker going off now
Happy July 4th, where the bbqs at!?!?
I feel like that with Lauren London lol \": If Benzino fucking Althea then I got more then a chance\"
SUBSTITUTION: Brooklyn make their 1st change of the game. Diego Zuniga makes way for Yvener Guerrier
Id rather be john stamos than end world hunger lmao.
That was awesome!!!!
Feeling too familiar , it's whatever
I just want everyone to be happy:)))
People already kicked off their weekend and here I am doing laundry on a Friday evening. I better not be doing the same thing next Friday.
What is the appropriate number of times to \"try\" the samples at ?
I know you wanna be in my B E D.
a million dollars isn't cool.. u know what's cool? a billion dollars.
Guys I just learned how to ride a bike
i just wanna cuddle
COSTA RICA THROUGH!!!!!!!!!!! To the quartefinals
I can't wait for this week to be over.
I don't wanna do something that benefits the world, I wanna do something that makes the universe as a whole better.
Hmm. RT : Sources: Warriors Willing To Trading David Lee, Harrison Barnes For Tyson Chandler But It 'Won't Happen'
What is there to do on this fine night
NEED A DAMN PS4 SHIT AINT CUTTIN IT NOMORE!
I can survive off apple juice and hot Cheetos
I got say today was a good day :)
It's Monday and almost 12 pm and I'm still in bed.
bbc not even a minute
is about to start !! $$$$
girl you ain't the only one that's tryna be the only one
On the pursuit of happiness, every damn day.
Just took a two hour bus to get to chuck e cheese
Who even likes Ecuador isn't that like a 3rd word country or some shit
19\/20 open houses are successful. This one was that 1\/20. I made these statistics up.
I don't like alcohol or drugs and I don't like when people I care about do them..
If I could possibly live on a beach, I totally would.
Keisha Cole paid the camera man.
I wish I were as fierce as Pebbles when he fights.. nobody ever takes me seriously
The worst and best part of something really good happening at the end of the day is not being able to fall asleep.
So my birthday is on Friday and is it crazy that all I want in life is a KitchenAid stand mixer?????
\"Pass the testicles\" its tentacles Britt
I need hard core liquor rn.
here comes a goal
San Antonio is wild
Who ever is singing now on I love his voice.. He should put a cd out..
Nick looks at car stopped next to their car as they enter the airport. He is quoted as saying, \"Hey bald guy...you're bald.\"
When Breanna told the story and she said something and we just looked at eachother and she couldn't stop laughing
I've been wanting to go to jump around for the longest time
I need a swift kick to the head!!
That defender looked stupid . Haha damn
My sneezes echo through the woods
I can feel my heart thumpin' up against my chest. Is this normal?
Me dijo pruebate esto y dime como se siente...
I'm starting a religion. More details to follow.
Haha wow I was waaaaay off on the year of the Vietnam war.
If a 'dream is a wish your heart makes', my heart makes some really strange wishes
Sometimes u have 2 live real poor and really understand hardship to get the wealth you have always wanted for.your kidz it's a test 2survive
Let's see what kind of weird dream I have tonight.
Hating my car bcuz the only thing it can play is the radio and i can't even listen to most of the radio stations -______-t
If this is real we can build through different types of shit
\"Bitch, put some vodka in it\" theme of July 4, 2014
Just got home from the park time chill
I'm the worst soccer player ever I don't watch soccer ever an I'm barely following the World Cup...
Just Threw my phone....... it got a dent in it
Quiero que Colombia o Costa Rica ganen el mundial.
If you don't listen to city and colour you need to wise up, chump.
Right about now id pay someone to text me
Brooklyn Princess that's me niggahh :$
Corn on the cob is amazing. Seriously, grab some. It's great. You might've forgotten how great it is.
Imu imu I rly wanna kiss u but I can't :'(
The way Joseline said Benzino's mom died......that was kind of rude.
the birds are out and I'm getting 4 hours of sleep
Winne from the Wonder Years always had my heart... she still fine as hell
While I sit here by myself and think about how I got this way
\"Saying everything never take it back, so if you don't fuck with me I'm okay with that\"
You can't just walk in and out of my life when you feel like it..
Tamra's bangs are the worst thing I've ever seen
Make him express how he feels so you know it's real
They in here havin a water fight
Is it only me that thinks Shakira can't sing?
I've been grindin' my whole life nigga! Knowatimtalmbout?
Am I wrong for thinking that we could be something for real
Anyone's more then welcome to join me for the turn up lol
driving down crystal springs and madd goes \"hey wanna see something scary\" AND TURNS OFF HER FUCKING HEADLIGHTS AND STARTS SCREAMING K COOL
What a strike
Why didn't I fill my gas tank today?! Fuuu
Lol. Why does this keep happening to me.
Alex just dug her finger 20 inches deep in my eye socket
Get that nigga the fuck outta here
Breakfast and then it's on the road to home!
Stop hating Selena.
michael jackson's brother is listening to eminem at 10:35 pn
Will Smith must be so proud that America loved his movie, Independence day, so much they named today after it
Watching bachelorette with my dad right now, safe to say something's wrong here
Screw you Bob Marley, there's bird shit all over my doorstep.
If you're going to see the new transformers quickly turn around and get as far away from a theater as possible.
She do anything necessary for him
When it comes to BAE none of ya bitches matter
If we're close you know I get annoyed extremely easily
I can't really get into club soccer but international is addicting.
Hangin with tonight was so real
Fiona will rip your heart &amp; all your arteries out. RT : \"Never is a promise, and you can't afford to lie.\"\n\nJESUS.
The word of the day is: upside
There was this kid in my school he was so cute so i asked him for \"gum\" ( i had my own) and he was like i dont have and i called him fake
\": do u ever realize how much youre starting to like someone &amp; just think FUUUUUUUCCCKK\"
Lmao. All UVA fans were salty tonight.
Lmao I wonder if Enrique is still logged on my pandora, he gonna see all the ass stations I have
Would asking for to be our new technician be too much ?
I get to work with Randi ft. Miley bun
I feel like I'm in the show 'orange is the new black'
8 more min
Id rather be weird than just an average guy
Can I find a nice Mexican guy who likes horse races &amp; racing quads but also isn't chunti at all? Basically country but also a city boy?
I'm almost a full grown woman and I still can't eat a sandwich that's not cut down the middle.
This is a proper battle - and all 22 of these guys are wrecked.
Icing my shin after an excellent softball game
Where do you even buy roofies. Asking for a friend...
Mom texted me saying go CSA, they scored goal, mom is there something you wanna tell me....?!
I want to punch a lot of people
College fund? More like concert fund
WAKE UP! &amp; I are waking you lil festival heads up with on
I don't understand if I'm suppose to try? or like not be annoying
Shawns Song On Repeat For The Rest Of My Life.
I'm so outta the loop. I have no idea who's who anymore or who sings what
You may not watch the sport but love your country
Want to be cool? Key someone's car and be too much of a coward to admit to it
Today celebrate that new york wins...
Then he started to aggressively hit on his married coworker. They walk among us.
Idn if he has diabetes but he's definitely injecting himself. time to go!!
Good morning friends back at the grind one more day to go
First beach day all year
I think it's time visit beautiful\/sunny California :)
I know that you stay talkin shit about me hahahahahaa but do I care, naahhhh
I learned my real height yesterday....im short bruh....can i grow more or nah
Akii Esttoi Yo Chismiendoo Con Mi Amiga Franyelis !! jje
Whoever came up with \"Newseum\" is likely the same person to afflict us with \"Men's Wearhouse.\"
Getting this work in today. XC training l.
I just dont understand? Y be so foolish, u guys were still in the game
Such an underwhelming finals. At least everyone can focus on the World Cup now
You loved me at my worst.
I feel as if I should move to Brooklyn...
When favs this , I'll tweet game over
feeling nervous about something... but can't put my finger on it...
The worst - Jhene Aiko &gt;&gt;&gt;
Crazy how only a couple of girls can make a town known for thots
\": MANU GINOBILI WITH THE HAMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\" HUUUMMMMMMMMM
Long fkn day at our bbq: 2 blunts, 2 nutcrackers and mad food.
This movie really makes me realize I have a lot to learn about love
Hi guys it's 3:30am and I'm wearing a sombrero in my twit pic bye
Sorry your life isn't interesting &amp; you need to discuss mines for entertainment.
\"Take baby steps. Say hi then suck his dick\"
Some good shows on of American history on the History channel today. Ch 47 on Optimum! From the beginning, on!
Joyce woke up Sunday with a .254 average, now up to .278 after that home run.
Especially with windows open and sprinklers on
Like. How can you lose your nipple ring? I have no idea how this shit happened
Our defense looks shaky as hell. Jeebus.
what does it mean when a guy goes through ur instagram pics and likes a whole bunch of selfies is this modern flirting wow the future is now
Running on 4 hours, up at 4, and I'll probably be up til past 4 tonight.
Come with me, my love, to the sea of love~
Im mad I went out my way to make you smile. Because at the end of the day you showed me you didn't deserve it.
Thank God for work, but dang, Laguna Beach is bout to be wild.... Leaving 2+ hours early so I don't get stuck in crazy traffic
Everyone in my family is off their rocker
You go you sing that Disney song!
N. Korea vows retaliation because of a movie. THAT'S a funny premise.World War III started because of a James Franco\/Seth Rogen movie.
It's like I allow you to play with my feelings
If I don't answer your message in the next two weeks it's because I'm serving the poor in Ecuador but I will return.....
Will Peter O'Brien break the 40 HR mark?
Im going to guess you have some sort of phd in life with all this preaching going on
I just wanted a text back from bae is all.
Head hurt...but im still about to work out real quick
One of these days you'll push me away, turn around it'll be too late
Cool mom wake me up at almost 8 bc I don't value sleeping at all.
I never post quotes but I been seeing hella funny ones today
When I'm lost in a deep thought everyone else becomes invisible .
About to use men's deodorant I've hit a new low in life
That fact that I'm amazingly sunburnt &amp; didn't sleep a lick last night is haunting me! Today is the start up of my doubles again!
Sometimes all you need is someone to make you see the light when it feels like all it does is rain
Edward Norton is such a slept on actor!!
I HAVE TO DO THIS PAPER, FUCK
stuffing my face when I'm not hungry,great.
Howard! Great job!
Pra frente ou pra traz carolina ?
Really givin everyone the benefit of the doubt today. Lemme chill
Flower gleam and glow. Let your powers shine. Make the clock reverse. Bring back what once was mine. What once was mine.
Work, reading, drawing, and Tumblr is basically all I've done all summer
Today had felt strange with out a soccer game tomorrow it return to action with the final 16 countries.
Bridget just told me she was \"gon break ma jaw\" if I didn't stop singing.... you have anger issues dude
Halo 3, Call of Duty 4 &amp; Gears &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; you can't say one bad thing about those games
PURA VIDA!!!! PURA VIDA!!!!! WE MADE IT!!!!!!
Rangers are playing on my birthday but I can't go because it's in Columbus :((( that would be the sickest birthday present
Donovan can replace him and probably will!
Like at no point did I imagine myself choosing a purse based solely on how much aloe vera it can fit
Up to page 22 of the help, gonna try to make it to page 66 by 12:00
I never use utensils. Lol
I could people watch in NYC all day
Kinda pissed the Orioles game got cancelled. Would've given me something to do until tonight.
man does Norah jones get me or what
Fargo was probably the most disturbing yet entertaining show I have ever watched.
I'm the only dude in yoga except for the bendy instructor.
Seriously,just got a lecture from barista (drive thru), when they messed up our order.Store
I want new faces in Looking For Alaska movie, I don't want famous actors. And no more Ansel or Shai, please!
That was the funniest thing Chris Rock did the whole show
MANU JUST SHIT ON EM!!
I was really hopeful, now not so much
My face Is sooo numb
when my phone is on 1% it lasts longer than my whole phone battery does
My god, what a strike from Jones! Beautiful!
I know there are girls that love the . Where they at though??
Happy birthday have a good day
When your ready just say your ready
Bron is proving why he is not better than MJ
Yeah, you stay playing games with me haha.
I'm just in a place where the bullshit can not exist
10 min left let's go
Loose brakes? Rusty chain? Flat tire? ...Noises?!?! The Cyclab is open for repairs today from 6-9pm!
Are the Jonas brothers so down in popularity that they come perform in Perris? Lol
Lmao the crowd is turnt now
I can tell something good just happened by all the shouting outside.
T-7 TO TEEN WOLF SEASON 4 PREMIERE
Phone Charger is a piece of SHIT.
Danielle from irritates me sooooo much
Bitchh pleaase I struggle more taking a shit then you will ever have to .
Girls who overly obsess over their boyfriend are annoying.
The saddest thing in baseball: Kruk &amp; Kuip &amp; Jon &amp; Dave picking their players of the game after a 6-0 home embarrassment.\n\n
Allez enfants de la patrie!!
Wow I laughed so hard I fell off my bed and head my head on the wooden floor...
I know I'm supposed to cheer for Team USA, but the Portuguese players are HOT!!!!
I hope that someday I can suck as much ass as Brendan Curran rt if u cri
Turnup wit the family tonight Xoxoo
Not like I care
Think I'm gonna sample if I was your girlfriend today
IT IS THE GLORY THAT STANDS ABOUT THE THRONE OF GOD, THAT WILL REBUKE YOUR ENEMIES.ITS THE GLORY OF GOD..
Just watched a 3 minute YouTube advertisement for unicorn breath...
My brother asked me what I'm doing and I replied with \"I'm eating my feelings\"
Had debate on with as to how players are affected or not with the varying temps in Brazil. Thoughts?
Persistent isn't even the word for some of you. Damn.
\": Maddie's over here having sex with these brownies um\"sexy
I really wanna punch you in your fucking face
God I'm so fucking irritated i don't think I will be able to sleep
I have vocab of a fucking kindergartener
do you just get bored of people
Meet me in Times Square tonight doe if you real
It ain't about who did it first its about who did it right
Whose Trynna go to a hookah lounge rn?
My Polish cleaning lady just text my American ass in Spanish.
C'est pas possible Assou Ekoto ment c'est un antillais.
someone make plans with me. I'm bored
No one said itd be easy
When I hugged Myles tears were falling down my cheek , so I didn't say anything to him at all except \" OMG \" . I'm so stupid .
At the NJ turnpike while is playing the ..... The njt is a parking lot. How come the Americans are not watching the game
What a start!!!
I'm just done in not responding anymore ok
The best milk is the left over milk after youve had a bowl of cinnamon toast crunch
Nigga flirting with ancient RT : Ice T old as fuck this nigga got grandkids lol
I just wanna thank the troops
Emma is going to say tampon this year instead of Mickey.
Panorama when she go to school
Oh hey i haven't drank in 3 days so shove that up your \"1day\" butt!
you gotta give it to him 9 under is insane!
Fuck this I'm gonna wing it tomorrow.
4th don't feel the same since my dad's been gone
Residuals... All I'll ever need. Let's live!
USA!!!! Clint Dempsey baby!!!!!!!!!
I have a headache..is that grounds for sleeping in tomorrow?
Nicole keeps flipping me off :((((
Anybody have any super clean iOS device PSD mockups with people holding devices? Looking for recommendations\/links.
Tmac hella mad right now
Jacob if you see this then hi.
What doesn't kill you mkes you stronger
OH MY GOODNESS!!!
I just wanna fall asleep on your chest listening to music
I'll be up early tomorrow to watch the greatest country ever. And we ain't talkin' 'bout Uzbekistan.
UPDATE: Team Michigan has finalized their roster. Deliberation led to a dress list of: .
' niqqaz always tryna get me out thee house , late monday nights .
This heavy air didn't do anything for my evening run.
I'm So Lost In This World Now ...
Spurs in 5. Finals MVP: LeBron James.
If someone tries to pay you a compliment, tell a joke that makes them feel uncomfortable.
WOW dempseys an American Hero
I dunno for these boys, just moving through the team.
Happy merrica day to all you fuckers
minseok has some nice hair though brb
To get water or nah. Idfk
People like birds and a few days of Christmas and I will stand out in my mind that the company and I will bring the kids.
crazy to say ive missed these wack tan lines
Jones!!!!!!!!!!!!! Holly shit!!!
Nevermind that's so much sadder
I'm pretty sure I'm the most exhausted person on this planet
Felicidades Costa Rica lo dieron todos
