idk how you sleep at night without watching friends
Ok, I finally have Twitter :D What do I do now, how do I get followers lol
Waiting for Jay and B to kill
Someone said \"you look like a party girl\" \nWhat does that mean.....
They need to stop these gay ass Gifs
tea party with the bitch
Like why're you just sitting on the tracks...I needa get home bitch
To go to class tomorrow yes or no? Struggle
One day I well adopt an African American child
the only time i will ever watch soccer is the world cup
Milty balancing two at the same damn time you go boyyyyy lol.
Her front camera broke....and so did her soul
No lie this girl is showing me why botches ain't shit lol
I want to see real friends again already
Why can't these big budget movies not be so corny and cheesy?!?! Such horrible editing and loop holes!
ball don't lie
Lemme just go back to sleep.
Can I just go back to bed now?
I should have made moves so much sooner because now I have so much regret
Wish I was seeing Nas at Radio City right now
so happy the weather sucks since I gotta work all day on the 4th of July lol
ASSSSCAT 3000 saved me a seat for final evening Yee-haw! Everyone who made it inside is so relieved and so hungover...
Quanta carrotagem no facebook '-'
Wait so Soundgarden is followed by Silversun Pickups then Mayonaise by Smashing Pumpkins and people say miracles don't exist
I can't stand the acting that goes on during a soccer game
I hate when I fall asleep on someone, like I don't want you to feel I didn't wanna text ya, I was just tired as fuck.
Shoot in a music studio in Jersey Sunday.
It was all good just a week ago
This scooter nigga really jus said SKATERS. Be getting in tha way at a SKATEpark...
I'm pretty sure I graduated in 2011... Not willing to relive high school.
I wanna shed tears everytime i play it
So psyched for next week's new season, have to watch inside
Cant wait to leave... tired of the redding BS
I need to finish watching the last episode
I would drink Jhene Aiko fucking bath water
14 - you're so pretty and your relationship gives me life .
Some night reminds me of wreck it Ralph... And now I'm thinking of wreck it Ralph. I love venellope
HATE coming home from work to no left overs from dinner
That was pretty quick Dempsey!!! People were still getting their beers!!!\n
So the boy I like wants me to work with him ... should I ?
Ugh everytime I wait for the bus or when I step into one... I remember why I got my scooter
I can't decide if I like my new header.
I cant date a girl who wants our relationship allover social media ......
Hemos estado callados demasiado tiempo, tenemos que desperta.
Jones with a rip!!!!!!
How You Marry Someone You Never Seen Before? Lifetime Moving illy
\"OMG Howard you are the fucking man\" -Dad
Hiked close to 10 miles today &amp; ended up with blisters, yet it was all worth it.The backcountry is such an awesome place.
Nothing says freedom like working on July 4th!
This quickly turned into a shitty night.
In NYC for the weekend...there's a Starbucks every few blocks. Open just about 24 hours? I'm in heaven.
I am a crazy ass bitch
I appreciate fine art and photography very much
I'm gonna have to choose a side between USA and Portugal.
damnn. morse already got 44 rbis
It's game time. Win or go home for Miami. Let's play our best and take this game 5 boys!!!
Good thing I can't break up with my mom
wtf what the fuckkkkk
Let a real nigga make it right you deserve that much .
If you don't immediately crumple up a fruit roll up and eat it whole, you're doing it wrong.
Gonna do an early morning stream tomorrow. Night all!
I just seen a opp ass nigga lol nigga tried to hide
Saw Maleficent with hubby last night. Angelina Jolie was spectacular, the rest of the movie was so-so. Good special effects.
So it's cab to the train to a bus to the airport this morning... All before 6am. That pretty much sums up the NYC experience... LOL
I'm starting this rap battle shit if it's the last thing I do
I like us better when we're wasted
I forgot my address in sf. Does that mean I can't come back?
Your friends are low life's don't act surprised .
\"Everybody got weird shit with they momma\"
I really hope tomorrow doesn't go like graduation day
Why do so many people complain
I'm acting like I don't have to get up early.
SI Yankees bases loaded no outs. Just scored 2 on two singles. Come on Cyclones!
Yup! supported us. Dont be MAD hater's. It's crazy how a celeb will support u faster then your so called (friends) will. HA!!!
Summer stage was fuckin sick. So many surprise appearances.
Yea I honestly hate Olindo Mare more than anyone in the world
-people that throw hard things on stage need to be smacked!!
JAJJAAJAJJAAJAJAJAAJA \"TIENE MUCHO OPORTO\" AJAJAAJAJAJA NO LO SUPERO
Nobody wants a partner that they have to take care of like a child. If you're that big that you can't do shit for yourself lose weight!
Someone take my car keys and never let me drive to New York ever again.
Blonde hair has always been a dream.
People need to stfu about the BET awards we get that it's on already..
comprame uno a mi tambien de q estas
Shaine just cleaned my room and it's spotless lmaoooo
Penalties are gonna have me shitting bricks tbh
me and Kylie are planing Alyssa's birthday with her in the room lol she's too much of a heavy sleeper to even realize
They have some impressive people in their crew :D this movie seems very promising
Crazy how my sister was born that exact same day
I love you so much I stayed up so I could say happy birthday to you
Idk I just feel like something's missing ..
Oh what, the carnival's this weekend?
this 9-6 rehearsal tomorrow will probably kill me but hey it's okay
Drank my C4 pre-Workout now it gym time.
I'll pay someone to kidnapp me so I don't have to go back to albany
Seriously don't want to play soccer for my cousins team tonight!
USA about to win it already DEMPSY
I needa go there I just don't got nobody to take me there and ion know nobody like that
Fucc yall im not talkin to ya when we get to school
How many of my followers under some ass right now
That's just how it goes when your gone
Having to turn off the air conditioning in the bus so it doesn't overheat... Yay
Lebron gonna get all the criticism and he gonna take it like a man even tho none of this is his fault.
Ayo tweeting like ayo infront the stage
TIL that Trader Joe's was an early competitor to 7-Eleven, but later pivoted and rebranded. It used to be called Pronto Market.
Like why the heck go back??? :((
but thats none of my business
Bae and i have listening problems
Black guy at work doesn't seem to be picking up on my incredibly subtle hints that I want to bone him
The last couple of days I can only describe as being \"meh\" and I do not approve.
I wish I never met you.
but what if the bitch ugly........ \": You Can't Fuck Ah Bitch Without Liquor Or Weed You Just Need To Give Up B\"
If I still lived on Jerusalem I'd be a perfect time to have a fire
What a great ending to my night
One person I do not respect is one who blows his\/her cigarette smoke into the crowd in manhattan
Getting fucked in corners &amp;&amp; shit
Gotta Move Out My House My Mom Is Very Annoying
Aquele momento em que tu deita na cama pra dar uma descansadinha e MORRE.
This nigga Chris Broussard just be making all his shit up honestly
When your mother doesn't bring home the items you purchased online. Lol fuck you
I hate so much .... I can't even
Nuttcracker guy on the train has reached a new level! Dude out here selling bud! Lmaooo
to text oomf or not..
Holy shit dude, talk about high kick!
Todas re ilusionadas y eran los de e3 jajajajaja bue, a mi me causa gracias, ah.
I need a rich friend who can come with me to Thailand in July.
Safe with me - Sam Smith (dope)
I want to go to crave so bad
Don't hit me up and complain to me cause you started running your mouth &amp; could handle the fact I spoke to you in the same manner.
I don't wanna be busy today. It's draft day.
Finally home!!! Ready to watch &amp; !!!!
Man I took a nap with Lacey earlier now I'm not even tired
Falei \"Ok\" mas era \"Vai tomar no cu\".
the audacity of a good heart .
I feel like I've wasted the last year in college.. Like what do I really want to do with my life?
If you name your son Titus youre asking him to be a serial killer
I only get these little glimmers and until the whole thing perpetuates itself... I'll pass
I just wanna call some bitch mine
wins! The underdogs move on.
COSTA RICAAAAAAA IN THE QUARTERSSSS PURA VIDA!!
If I live in eg later on in life. I'm moving to the silvergate good
I'm deff the corita in the family
I love when people get their karma and I can just stand by and laugh.
gotta go get this fucking report card @ 9am like wtf
MIB is one of the best trilogies out there
I dare this fool to make one more phone call. Please call another friend about Jimmy's bday.
If you know something's wrong, do something about it. Don't stay for the betterment of your thoughts.
Patty just changed the channel to Keeping Up With The Kardashian's. I'm no longer apart of the BET experience. 0 to 0 real quick
Just saw a Cheeto commercial..... Lmao.. reminds me of the other night.
I just want you. Plain and Simple.
Im going to Africa for the next three weeks so I wont be able to read any texts, or receive any letters, so try not to send them.
Keep wanting to reach out to ppl who tweet sad shit but I remember I cut them off and remind myself to stay strong and stay away from them
Happy July 4th! from Have a great weekend, and take us along on your app!
right or wrong, what's done is done, it's only moments that we borrow
ariana is last fuck my life at least they confirmed it
It's surreal to be on the Lou Reed equipment sale email list. Can you imagine actually owning something from the grandfather of alt rock?
PACHA TONIGHT SAY CRE AT THE DOOR FOR FREE\/Reduced admission 19+ to enter 21+ to drink !!!!
My entire family is all fucked up.
Damn some people just throw out lies like it's their job
Van got me in here watching scary movies
Had to take the case off my phone bc it was overheating
Well that was a three and a half hour long nap.
Don't call me, don't Kik me, don't try to talk to me at school, just don't bother to do anything. Not like you wouldve anyways.
\"Getting bad feedback is actually good feedback\"- words from a Designer
id like the yankees to start cervelli more often.. hes got fire in his belly
has, as they say, blown their load\n
You know what's weird I'm taller than you yet you have bigger feet -Jessi
Dave Chappelle gave a good performance....but Jonelle Monae RIPPED the stage! Shout out to Busta Rhymes and DJ Premier (I need a tshirt!)
I can't believe it's less than 2 weeks before my summer is over
\"I don't understand how red heads even happen..\"-rachel
Gym clothes to work today
all you got to do is, let me hold you.
my 80 year old taxi driver's arm hair is fuckin intense. it's almost as long as my beard. why sir, why.
Catfish episodes are all the same
Great to meet you this week I look forward to working together in the future
Ry just makes me so happy.
post-gig wholefoods hot bar is my new favourite thing ever
Girl is gonna be the next joey chestnut
Happy Bday you crazy your one cool dude.
LOL i suck
I'm at that awkward stage in my life where idk if it's ok to drink alcohol in front of adults yet
Between the 30 day shred and this squat challenge, I'm going to have the best bootay in the land
Idc about the Heat losing, all I care about is them trying to steal Melo.
Its crazy how ppl enjoy seeing great players fail
You can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest
A una jornada amorosa mi reyna te llevo
I just broke a snapple in shop rite and I stepped on glass and it really hurts
\": Taco Bell slays.\" Hahaha Hahahha yes!
Scarlett is a movin and a crusin!
The goalie just watched the ball fly in.
I'm actually getting a shit load of DMs
That's the only time I've heard slow start and Africans in the same sentence
Mexico won today. So fuck everything else for the remainder of the day.
Real talk: Robben's foot was stepped on that's a penalty every time.
If anyone was wondering, I still get emails from Chapman
\": My next project will be hosted x &amp; .\" Lol
I was eating combos while I was driving home and then there were a bunch of deer in the road and i threw them outside to get them to move.
This is the worst haircut I've gotten in a long time. I hope I can manage to comb it ;-;
- i no u got a twin . Ya cutee .
Drinking based off countries. Couldn't decide between Blue Moon or White Sangria. Put Blue Moon in White Sangria and my world has changed.
The Fourth of July is about food friends and parties. If that doesn't describe America idk what does
I really hate waking up late
In other words, MHS is not holding any spots for anyone...
My life is so good. I really can't complain about anything.
It's not really considered \"giving up\" either, it's considered knowing your worth.
Finally with the pks this is insane
Jk I'll regret this when I wake up feeling weak
you contradict the fact that you still want me around
AYE YO OVER HERE WIDE AWAKE
So happy for Timmy d.. And the spurs in general. Well done
just keep it a hunnit .
I got a slick mouth. You might wanna roll with me
What is soul pancake - feeding your soul with information to become a magnificent spiritual being.
WHAT TIME WE GOTTA GO TO SCHOOL TMM?
This patron gonna hit me in a min.
I just want all the dogs in the world to go in a single line so I can hug them one by one
GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL CAPTAIN AMERICA
I bet you Ronaldo can pull off both \"Magnum\" and \"Blue Steel\".
Hey I know you're gonna respond but I was just curious if you planned on going back to anytime soon?
I hope my dad knows he's driving home because unless there's going to be Xanax involved there's no way I'm doing that again
I really hate when ppl DM on insta...and send me a picture of myself as the message...
Parang dati lang nasa vision board ko lang yung pagpunta sa USA at makumpleto family ko. Pero ngayon, eto na! Thank you so much Lord!
Now I remember why the official Twitter app sucks.
Three of my favorite bands of all time have albums coming our in mere months (Interpol, spoon, cymbals eat guitars)
I turned out to be the woman I envisioned myself to be. I don't need no private Muslim school to keep me in line. Fuck outta here.
I wanna be able to take off work for once and just go on a crazy adventure with good company or someone special in the middle of the night.
But like... You've never even touched a soccer ball soo...
Call me please I swear I'll be fun to talk to please I won't scream ugh just please!!
Okay wow nvm can't make anything funnier then that
I recommend juco you never good enough for improvement !
Barely watching this game but that was kinda cool
Que golazooooo messiii!!!!!! Por fin HP!!!!
Stupid phone not sending any of my stupid messages.
The music in the first four seasons on one tree hill is so good
These new fans dont understand how good ronaldo is yo. Watch what he does against the usa.
The sex is cool but the intellect is missin, let me get up in ur mentalsee where yo head at. See where ur headed in life no where yo ass at
Red team did not show any teamwork when they demoted instead of helping him out
if shay touches one of the bites and it starts itching im socking her straight in the tit. NO MERCY.
happy birthday . may u enjoy your day tomorrow &amp; make it memorable. well enjoy the rest of your night :)
I could be a MOLE @ KNBR (Just an FYI). Texting my observations TO the (925) so they can be tweeted on my behalf.
If she hardly replies to you that ain't ya girl
I have so many bruises on my legs
Raquel agrees to it
I am so out of it
Oh my gosh... I finally did it. I finished \"Orange is the new black.\"
Now I've got another missing bug and a spider on the ceiling, great
Loling @ all the old twitter pictures I've posted
Our Idiot Brother never gets old.
Who don't like kissing tho .?lol
The Fault in our stars with
It's annoying when ppl ask what's wrong over and over and I'm not gna play that kiddie shit with anyone anymore
IM BOUTTA ROLL ONE AND LIGHT IT AND FUCK IT MAN NO ONES INVITED
Still bumpin Pac, Big, L, Pun, Wu til I die...fuck these other mickey mouse rappers
No time for bull$hit either it$ real or not
if Callie dies right now I'll hurt someone
Threw the bandana on and the white girls didn't know how to act
Where's my moose?
I'd love to have Tim Howard on my team.
Who's tryin to go to the city tmaro for the USA game?
I'm black, yo! I just wanted to even out my stupid farmer's tan.
Aw man, I was rooting for you Greece.
Imagine the luxury of having someone like Messi or Ronaldo on your team
I am by far, the easiest person to convince to do something that I really do not want to do.
Strong supporter of pointless laughter, comfortable silence and unexpected memorable moments
Sick of everybody talking down on Native Americans.
Every single fight I ever got in was because I was defending a friend lol
thanks god the guy involved in all kind of conspiracy ,is being stopped from becoming the judge of supreme court
USA DOESN'T WASTE TIME
what if lamps had wifi ?
The quickest way to lose something is to think you got it like that real shit
When the shit start piling get a straw
Cualquiera coje ese vuelo y se va w. El novio de mami
Being a little bit crazy is like being a little but pregnant ... You can only hide it for so long.
I ain't with that opp shit or that cop shit
On what will do about Suarez it is important to understand john Henry. He has built nd run his sporting franchise based on..(contd)
MY MAN IS OUT OF HAND!!!
I've been twatching this whole argument!
if I become a soccer player will I become hot too?
Most of the shady bitches u see here on twitter outside of this cyberworld wouldnt even dare to say \"go away\" or \"I dont like u\" SO STFU
Ik your hurting ... It's going to get better .. I promise.
BLTs for dinner, vacation in the country starts tomorrow. This summer sweet spot is doing it right.
The one thing I want in life right now is something I'll never get..
Working on this chakra thing full speed ahead.
I cant wait to do absolutely NOTHING tomorrow except lay on the beach all day
Niggas go to parties lookin for butt, I show up lookin for stains
I JUST TRY TO NOT BE NEGATIVE ALL THE TIME
This bitch better not hit that bleep button. I'm not tryna hear silence during performances
I don't know why gets so sensitive when I talk about yogurt
I had a similar thing happen to me in a match against the NYPD soccer team
The red starburst pack is my favorite
(Kidding!!! I'm gonna add like $300)
Sex would be amazing in that.
I be postin selfies and screenshots of them go into various group chats asking \"Why would he even do this to himself ?\"
Mitroglou looks like an medieval depiction of Satan.
I think these 13, 14, and 15-year-olds are playing a game called \"how many times can we sing and play the song 'Fancy' on this bus ride.\"
The Warden! \": Joel Anthony will opt-in to his $3.8M deal with the Boston Celtics.
Wait is there basketball on tonight?
I really wish Fairport Electric could fix my power outage.....like now
I lost the only girl in the world that knows me best
Mom not that I don't love turning my music off and talkin to you in my room for a half hour, but I really kinda don't
What a great day wasted because of one asshole.
Why is my amber alert still beeping
My body is so used to getting up at 5am every morning.
I need to stop screen shotting peoples snaps
When I see that pretty face it's more than I can take
Apple employee: \"you guys cool?\"\nJen: \"yeah.. Like the other side of the pillowwww\"
Offficllygy plugged in to lady gaga
An eye for an eye makes the whole world pirates.
I just had a teen wolf dream. Maybe cause its teen wolf monday
Can't stop thinking about when I get a date for my LapBand surgery. Goal is to be as fit\/fab as .
Karma, I believe in it wholeheartedly
I reached the point where don't shit matter to me
I realize now how much I missed my cousins, they're growing up so fast.
haha keep putting these girls on blast ya ull be a badass for 20 mins but ur not getting layed anymore ma dude
I wish Lana knew how much she helps me.
does anyone know how to hack into a twitter account
Its wcw day....and bae been ignoring me for weeks.....*Starts playing i get lonley too*
\": i hate cute gay guys tbh tbh\" *cough cough* Steve
It that's time of the day... Lunch break!
Zach Wheeler has it all. He just needs to put it together.
been a rider , just had the wrong nigga driving
Oh yes, maybe hot springs tonight.
I gained about 8 pounds while away in California. I can't decide if I'm disgusted with myself or really impressed. Probably impressed.
Ed Sheeran's new album is amazing...
New show to fill game of thrones spot on Sundays. Tv show for everyday of the week :3
Why does everyone go to sleep so early ?!
\"my dick is flipping you off\" ok dil
there's always that one person that chooses to go against everything \nLmao
Watching this new show on w\/ &amp; &amp; hope none of your kids are. It's highly inappropriate.
Keeper didn't even make an effort, I doubted it went in at first.
I assume my eyes will be totally swollen for the next two days. Emotions and goodbyes suck no thanks go away.
We're 17.6 trillion dollars in national debt and the NSA is probably watchin me right now but that's okay
i'ma sleep like a baby after i face this
About fucking time
If you get my drunk snaps sorry hahaha
Just was involved in a group text with 3 others I don't have their number saved...
If the little kid trying to make himself throw up to get his mom to leave the store actually does, I'm punting him out of here.
Federer gets the break in the first game against Milos Raonic. The Manitoba Missile can't get into an early hole like this.
Get up Dempsey!
Trying to find out what I want to do for the rest of the day...
gente que coisa e essa de apocalipse zumbi na russia
Why can't I be a lot smarter!!!!
Feel like I woke up at 7am when it's really 11
Ohhhhh white jeans, black thong.
If was owned by a Muslim, there is no way the would have allowed this to happen. Bunch of stupid, white old men.
supostamente amanha tinnha de me llevantar ass 8 so q desmarquei
KPACC teachers loving for integrating into
Fml i got absolutely no sleep.
Public House &amp; Giants game tonight. Starting the week off right.
Of course you'd be in my dream
I thinkni might totally be lost
Hate this part in Spiderman when uncle Ben dies :(
Ugh. Johannsson looks identical to Kevin Bacon. There's my first observation of the World Cup.
Hey , we need good news. Is there any.
Why would you want to torture yourself like that?
Literally just put chip crumbs in a bowl poured salsa on top and now am eating it with a spoon
Go ahead baby scream to God he can't hear you
This is why I keep my feelings and emotions help up inside.
took off my glasses and couldn't figure out why shit was blurry,
I smell of corona &amp; alot of weed.
WEAVE IS OUT FOR DELIVERY. I REPEAT, WEAVE IS OUT FOR DELIVER.
It just doesn't make any fucking sense it really doesn't
Oh god. This could be the one of the stupidest or smartest things I've ever done.
KSJC 240853Z AUTO 00000KT 10SM CLR 16\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP147 T01560094 50000
Baby I ain't no sucka &amp; I know yu hear me
I tweet that song lyric waaaaaaay too much
First say of work tomorrow, and back on the mat. I could do this routine
Jake still hasn't followed me back
Most of the time, timehop makes me wonder how is ever had any friends during thoes previous years.
A blunt would be nice right now
Why then do these prophets NOT speak what God has already revealed in His Word?!?! Why do they promise blessings in ???
I parked like an asshole at work today, because some asshole left their cart in my parking spot. Takes an asshole to know an asshole.
I cant get over the fact that Emily Antico is one of the best viners out there
joe budden needs a new hoodie in a hurry
I got complimented on my math skills (little do they know... I used a calculator before hand)
If you're not willing to work hard, you'll never get what you want
Ghana or gonorrhea ? Right..?
\": can be possessive or jealous over their love ones, but they don't really like to show it.\"
The people I work with man.
Hit the weed then do the Wiz laugh
When you're in college you realize that there is no such thing as summer vacation anymore, if you're not taking classes then you're working
Ghana has no chill
Told my mom if I don't get money like I need to by next year then imma just pull a Mimi
que vontade de me atirar de uma ponte agora
I guess that's how it is these days,\nI guess that's how it goes
Y nacio el amor mas grande del planeta
Janet Jackson has a sway back and she's one of the best dancers ever!
Can't wait for the new purge !
Ashton Kutcher definitely eats the pussy bc it's Mila Kunis and how could you not all day every day.
can I rt my own tweets bc I always seem to be right
New Yorkers gotta be the rudest people in America I swear.
I'm so whack on social networks. My follower crowd is meniscal
1 day &amp; summer school already got me hyped
Just flashed my sister the cakes not realizing cadets were walking in oops
Drew Stubbs tripled, and the Rockies squeaked by the Giants, 8-7.
GUYS I GOT MY MILK TEA
Why would you want to pay $400 for a hoodie
Dollar dogs and wawa chocolate milk don't go well together
It's a Holiday and I have to work all day. So to cheer me up I bought the Capt Kirk Mimobot! :))
omg, have you seen the Transformers cross promo? B\/c it is THE WORST. And such a lame lame lame ripoff of Joe Green\/Coke ad.
Anyone know if Williamstown, NJ fireworks are on tonight?
America's getting it
Damn that was quick!
Going to work early for a party of 35 -_-
I got the feels real bad.
Someone take me to see the fault in our stars since Kevin is an asshole and won't take me cause the movie looks \"boring\" .
Stay The Night - Zedd ft. Hayley Williams
Zero energy and a nice headache.
Read receipts will be the death of me
I need some bubbles and a girl next to me.
This is the last show\/party of the week then it's back to work. takeover soon!
WHAT A FUCKING SHOT
GOALLLLLL usaaaaaaa. DEMPSEY!!!
Hate asking so I stay grinding for my own shit
I Did Not Knew About This Disney Channel Replay Until Now I Was Watching Phil Of The Future At 12:30 Last Night I'm A Fan Of That Show!
I'm dreaming of combining 2's and 4's.
When will my uncle and father shut the fuck up
Malia is still too new. You just have bad impressions of her
this summers so different bc no boyfriend
Infiltrate the dealers find the suppliers
Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. Therefore imagination is more important.
Who's the ding dong that has Christmas and Halloween decorations up
I don't understand why we can't just cuddle up and watch movies tho .
JHENE !!!!!!!!!!!!!\nSO FLAWLESS!!!!!\nSLAY SIS!!! SLAY THESE BASIC HOES!!!!!
EVEN THOUGH WE CALL IT FUCKING SOCCER WE ARE KILLING IT RIGHT NOW great play!
Lke just think about how far space goes out an lke how big everything is
I hope something happens between use later but you need time and I'm not interested in anyone else right know
Yas It's Thursday bitches !!!!
These fucking Chinese people keep looking at me and saying some shit
Im creeping on peoples pages
Not enough sleep means I'm tired and real cranky. So upset I'm going to miss this USA game
A portugal no le queda nada mas que ganarle a Estados unidos y luchar contra gana ! por eso es que el primer partido es muy importante
Happy and unhappy depending on you, \"you feel better and enjoy life, one thing you must remember\" we're all temporary for each other
Werrrr gonna put on our Cowboy boots and werrr gonna play sum soccer!
It's 7 o'clock on the dot .. I'm in my drop top
Lol wow I am aggressive when I'm drunk in the mean snarky way oops
I wish I could fall in love and be in a relationship and do corny stuff
Received a promotion from all time my favorite sports franchise. There is no better feeling !!!!!!
Listening to nothing but God Bless America and The National Anthem for the next 14 hours
How nice would it be if beds came with cup holders
One of my all-time favorite things: freshly laundered bath towels. \nWhy didn't Rodgers and Hammerstein include that in their infamous song?
Chamo no, que ladilla con este calor pana.
And the weather in NYC is great to watch these matches ^.^
US is emerging market when it comes to luxury retail
It's 3 am I must be lonely
So full yet I would still kill for a peanut butter milkshake
Knew the loss was coming, it was too lucky that the refs pushed them on. Good game in the end
A whole mess of today, followed by the Red Bulls hopefully taking it to Houston!
Btw, is Paris still in tact after advancing yest?
The only one in the office
Finally back home &amp; everyone knows how much I hate Times Square. Get your camera and move ... Please Jesus
Who has a destination for Fourth of July that is guaranteed to be a great time???
Why is taco bell open today ?
\": yall boutta smoke?\" He's smoking with malik and brian and some other people
Wonder who I'll see on Ualbany campus next year
Everyone in some way whether they know it or not is trying to stop the come up
Whoops, I was lurking on his bitchs profile and forgot to realize idgaf
Od RT : That shit was trash lol.
If I fave your tweet, it means I liked it, not that I want to sleep with you, it is not some silent invitation to start invading my privacy.
My thighs feel like I ran a marathon ugh
I can't wait Til we get in a real argument and I cuss fareal
THIS IS BASICALLY ONE OF OUR LIFE STARTERS
Great save Timmy
Heerlijke zender NPR, zeg maar het Amerikaanse Radio1
ready to cry
v. LETS GO
Dame just proved his point about light skin women. is wrong.
I guess me and devin are gonna share a twitter since he don't want to sign off .
Kays baby really died
cie,ngarep adenya :D RT : km mau mati breng aku ? RT : kl gtu barengan aja RT \"
I'm gonna flop for a foul in this security line at the airport.
Catching up on the BET awards lol.
if u wanna be a star we gotta do it in ur momma's car
Buchholz should pitch in the home run derby
I ran out of syrup mid-pancake. Just when I thought I had my shit together.
Vandy coach stayed in dugout while his players dog-piled and took the trophy. Such class.
The punk rock WOC Twitter pizza party continues! Shoutout your favorite women of color in punk right now and I will retweet.
I have a headache, stomach ache, spots, stripes, and blotches it's called Brazilfever and I will not b at work tomorrow!
Feliz cumpleee terminalo re bien locuraaa, te quiero aunque te olvides de mii
I can't believe J Kidd bolted BK for Milwaukee
It sucks when you workout to a song that pumps you up really hard but then you literally run out of energy to keep going hard to music.
Everyone in my class calls me Clark Kent and superman
Still mad there's a guitar through my wall , when my dad sees that I'm dead dude
Where Alondra be when I need her!?
Ooooooooooooooooh! This is why I even started watching this shoooooooooow!
I've worn the same shorts 4 times this week.
I told breah to call me back earlier ... She never ever did
Yet you're sitting there making tweets right back. Yet I'm the one who has no life? Lol you make no fucking sense
Man I look so ratchet in the morning
Meh what a shitty start to the summer...
someone just walked in on me trying to take selfies in the breakroom and I played it off like a pro.
Sooner than later it's going to be the norm to ask a 20 year old if they have a child
The day has finally come. I found someone who loves Taco Bell as much as I do
Esas chamas burde burde burde sexosas de estos medios comunicacionales deben tener VPH en toneles.
my glasses have arrrived
just ate an unnecessary amount of icecream
Stoney jumpin like Jordan tonight !
this week has been the best week of summer so far
Compete with me alllllll you want but, we both know who's going to come out the winner
Thanks to for getting us 200+ new flipping friends at \nShe is !
Are there any douchebag-free rooftop bars in ? Help a lady out
Happy 4th of July!!!! We'll see you later for some and
Had the pleasure of meeting and taking shop with and tonight at the party. Cheers!
Thirty fucking seconds let's go
All I want is the taste that your lips allow
you're ALWAYS tryna flex on social media.Are you posting those photos for me or to find out how many likes ya thirstrap gets?
it sucks bc i feel like im always there for other people but no one is ever there for me
I hate Danny and gene rn
Damn that was fast!
He just broke his nose omg
Natalie and I didn't get the \"penis preferred\" memo for dance on the pier tonight.
How happy is Jay-Z that he didn't pay Dwyane Wade
my mom gave me a rlly cute romper bc my dad said that it was too short on her.
\"When you're going through hell, keep going.\"
I regret following some people on twitter. Lmfao
Driving a topless jeep with nothing but a bathing suit on is summer
\": Shave ya coochie so you'll have less to wash. \"
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie
It's so hot in my room
eyes low like chi ching chong
Still thottin' on the low? I see you boo. Do you.
Swagger's new shirt &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ... Need that
Wishing he was here to watch the stars with me at night.
1 vs Gana. 0
greatest fuckin week let me fuckin tell you
language iz superpower
Damn i have class tmmrw and im drunk as shit
Underway.\nTiny crescent of moon rising over Manhattan as we head north up the Hudson River.
Team USA take it to the left side for crying out loud!!!
What an absolute firecracker in me best English accent
Hmmm. Can't decide on what would be a good movie to watch tonight. .
Its curve season. . \": Relationships ending like wow this summer\"
\"Fugly\" is kind of a fun word that I forgot about, I'm gonna start using it more..get ready for me to call you fugly!
Caught my Dad watching LA Hair with my sister
I'm gonna finish an entire season of Bates Motel tonight
Don't get mad that nobody wants to watch your kid bc you're a bitch.
We all got a lil Kermit the frog in us.
having one person you can talk to all day with no dry moments &gt;
According to GdS some senior players weren't happy with younger players attitude such as Insigne who acted like he was on holidays.
You're gay, You're fat, You're a hoe. ?
Just worked on two records with &amp;
Just lost my shit for Neck Deep.
Reunited and it feels so good
I can't lift my arms this is a problem
cause them hoes will sit up at mc.donalds with them niggas.
Channing Tatum is so not funny it's awkward to watch..but that bod, God darn
Carlessworld. .. Take a look around..
I've been pumped for football season since like January
Aint nobody got time for that shit and people are fools for trippin' over whats already behind them
I told you fuck them other bitches, &amp; you still went &amp; fucked them other bitches
someone make a chem group message so we can all have a group study session
I get you're annoyed but don't fucking take it out on me. I'm not your fucking punching bag.
What's better then your mom bringing home gcbc ???
Daniel Murphy is mad good
It sucks when you are always there for someone but when you need them they can never be there for you. Starting to realize who's real.
\"Don't chase anything but drinks and dreams\" and I most certainly won't chase you.
Why do i keep yo-yoing from mad to regretful right now...
Me quedo mirando el partido mejor
Got my shit together. Packed. Moved to the east coast. I couldn't be happier. No distractions.. I love it.
It feels so weird not being at work this morning.... But it don't feel weird being in my bed.
Moments like that are why this is called the beautiful game and is the most popular sport in the world.
I sleep next to women that I dont deserve they like to hurt my pride while I work their nerves
Hey tweeters had a nice dinner. Visiting with friends.
This is How We Do It by Montell doesn't need to be played anymore at parties. He got better songs. Lol.
I regret ever putting on. I'm so stressed out that I'm sweating.
radio songs make me want to send myself hurling from the car
Im gettin breakfast from the Mexicans tmw morn
1550 for half a P but 3300 for the whole? Lol that math doesn't even add up
No funny shit, ima miss high school
I'm going to start snorting whore pills on the steps of the white house
The amount of ice cream and mascara stains on my blankets and pillows is truthfully embarrassing
\"You want a tribal tattoo... On your face?\"
THE TICOS!!!!! In to the QUATER FINALS!!!
Your friend request is staying right the fuck there
You're so dumb
Tyler is a source I. Technician
\"If you're gonna jump off the bridge, at least park your car somewhere else. It's just gonna get towed if you live.\"
\": AMERICA SPENT FOUR YEARS WAITING\nAND IT TOOK 30 DAMN SECONDS\" like a teenager having sex for first time.
Penelope is my fave kardashian.. Lol
it's awkward that little bitches talk shit to Jayce like ok
Umm it's group stage...
Sometimes I cry so hard from pleading, so sick and tired of all the needless beating.
Y must it only rain when i don't have work. Fuck u mother nature
Wala ng maipalabas. Pag-aawayin na lang si Maya at Sir Chief.
MLB pitcher traded for $1....
I don't hold my tongue for nobody &amp; deadass don't give af about anything
Smh even if I don't talk u can't just be on the phone with me is that so much
Strapping Hunk is already proving to be a better 1st baseman than left fielder.
\": early morning\/late night new york city raps.\"
knowing I can sleep in tomorrow makes me so happy
I need to stop fucking with younger guys, so immature.
You got me Like dayyummmmm baby dayumm baby dayyummmmm
I am so grumpy... Nothing went right today at all.
Today's a great sports day. soccer. returns to golf. The NBA draft is gonna be crazy.
Smh .. Neymar memes already. 0 chills ..
I really don't like how DJs try to EDM-ize EVERY SONG. Wtf?
Johansson should come in..
Watch The Throne still gets me hype af it's such an amazing album.
I hope I get up in time for this rehearsal lol
So happy I just had that conversation...you don't even know...
I have to return some video tapes
Me and Morginal just got voted best dressed on Haight and Ashbury for the day. I think we are stylish or something? Haha
Benzena... Ahahhab why did they do that close up.
I have to so many\/get so many people to sign my yearbook tomorrow ...
My boyfriend officially hates me
I think I'm gunna force myself to sleep now
I'm so happy right now I can't
\"we can peer pressure people into doing anything we want...because we have boobs\"
One of the facts t the bottom of the screen just said \"this was supposed I be like the hurt locker.\nNo.\nThis is Teen Wolf.
and then I'd say them and they'd start laughing
The music they play on the Spanish channel for the World Cup goes lol
come on Costa Rica you can do this
I'm the most aggressive food shopper. Don't fux with me.
That's really all you care about?
She said kiss me like you miss me and fuck me like you hate me
i love soohyun i love akmu
Remember when US had hope? It just got broken with Dempseys nose
C'est la teuf ici !
Watching Aristocats with my 3 lovely cats...definitely not a crazy cat lady
I'm buying a Gucci phone case just saying.
If yo bitch broke she not on my team!
BRING IN WONDO!!
Damn everyone is getting KOed
Nerd alert. I can't wait for my dance &amp; yoga classes to be over so I can get back to reading my book.
It's a nice feeling knowing someone still cares about you even after all the bullshit, you know?
GUYS WE ARE SERIOUSLY LISTENING TO EVERYTHING I DIDNT SAY FOR THE FIRST FUCKING TIME I CANT MANAGE
So done with seeing 2525 different people tweet the same text post from Tumblr. Be fucking original, people.
Never eem printed RT : I just feel bad for them children in Africa. When you down 3-1 you don't get Championship gear.
Draya takin out her fake titties...... just thought I'd throw that out there
jesus christ i thought my bladder was going to burst
I have way too much energy right now this is not ok
\": Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses, please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our Country.\"
Carolina in my Mind- James Taylor. Love it.
My shins always lose the fight against my laundry cart.
This ain't love baby it's clear too see why don't you just stay with me
ZENDAYA OWNS HER HEIGHT SO MUCH DO YOU BOO BOO
Why karrueche getting all the good stars and all the boring people going on the preshow
The music and dancing is awesome;) Go Team! Xoxo
I got tagged in multiple best friend posts today and it made me happy aw
.Except there is no such thing as \"reverse racism\".
Another great week for us .. Remember next week only 4 trading days.
Having opinions about someone or something is COMPLETELY different from judging
Forever walking around w\/ no shirt on.
guys can we just talk about how during Once &amp; For All, the left orchestra friends held hands &amp; shoulders in support for each other? this-
I think this in n out is a google shuttle stop. Fat nerds, google glass, pony tails and lots of long haired dudes.
SATC marathon on my fri day off. that's alright! american girl in paris part 1 has me in tears, again.
She's just not Mi Novia (: She's my best friend(; &lt;3
You make me smile please stay for a while...
I just got rid of mine RT \": Gimmie my per diem tho\"
I wanna travel the world with you.
sometimes I wonder how my dad's doing, but then I feel guilty.
I really just miss everything
Umm free drinks for ladies at Dublin tomorrow night 9
UPDATE: Team New York captain has predicted victory as of 10 PM yesterday, but their short bench play a roll?
Laughing while trying to be quiet makes everything even funnier
Can ppl name off some movies that were filmed in Greece so I can get even more pumped?
Caffeine doesn't discriminate. Neither should you. Happy pride day!
Iv had fro yo three nights in a row....
I've never been so bored in my life
Thanks for almost 800 followers! Can we hit 810?
Head nod to the Dude on this flight sportin' the Unknown Pleasures T-shirt.
Snap story hit a new record.
They fucked up on not taking Donovan smh
44 we don't really talk but you seem really sweet :)
Saved a baby bird &amp; ripped up some carpet
How come Hobby Lobby had no problem w\/including all the birth control BEFORE the black guy won??
Man Im rooting for my original home. GHANA GHANA GHANA
When you got it good, humble yourself &amp; remember when you had it bad.
Im your very own personal distraction
I wonder how my mom's gonna react when she finds out buff has co-ed housing lol
Got solicited to write a book today...of course it was from a company that the entirety of the internet agrees is predatory.
I'm going to die for your love
Our team's attractive
Ima crush that ass even if it ain't to big
Stupid bitch bailed on my bikini fucking aye I'm getting tired of this bs!
Happy for Costa Rica..what a gutsy win..down a man..got it to penalty kicks and did not miss.
When Shane and Lori are in the woods he is definitely licking her stomach. THATS NASTY SHE HASNT SHOWERED WEEKS
+ cousins and sisters all come in here and harass the almighty fuck out if me so now I'm downstairs. Just thought I'd share.
Sooooo tired and I'm with this asshole on base great
I just love 5 page essays!!!!!!! :-)
Bruh i cant stop laughing at that vine my head is killing me and i almost choked on my food
Just as I get in to bed a massive storm starts, fabulousss :))
I think I ode'd on the free otterboxes a bit lmaoo. 6 cases for free lmaoooo
Listens to corny songs that she thinks relates to her
Great intro to A's pregame live
I will never get use to you babe
4156099076! Please call me!
&amp; all i could do was think about sleeping next to you
Thank god my next summer class is that CDC shit. Just journal entries for my internship
, you were pretty good. , let's see whatcha got!
I'm tryna have sum drinks tonighttttt
what does it mean when you having romantic dreams about dudes lol
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent
Who wants Halal donuts? ..who knows what Hala donuts is?
Emmanuel Now Make My Heart Rip Yc.
Yo I could give a couple shits bout today
Looking at the YMCA schedule for this month makes me feel so bad for everyone who works there.. You have no opportunity to make money at all
CLINT DEMPSEY USA AAHH
Well, Sacramento,CA it's been real.
Not sure I like where this is going.. Goodnight.
of course i somehow manage to poke myself in the eye with mascara 10 minutes before i have to leave
fucc nigga i don't wanna be ya homie
Getting to old for the no sleep shit before work
Why is it no one can ever hangout
YEEES DEMPSY AMAZING
\"Today is a great day for religious liberty\"
WE DID IT OKG WE DID IT FREAT GOOD ILY BABE
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL TIE!
Getting in that morning workout makes the rest of the day so much better
All char sqaud stop while you mf still got your edges
I've applied 's horse power nail fertilizer 3 days in a row now. This is the longest I've ever committed to anything
AWH MY FRIENDS ARE SO PRETTY
If you've bleached ur hair more than twice ur hair is F*d up
Hate when I drop my phone on my face
I hate that happy song it got annoying fast
Can I just skip all of graduation and start at next week already????????
plans for the 4th: watching soccer. in spanish. because america is a beautiful melting pot and i love her
I'm a pretty above average human, and I've seen more data than I can understand in several presentations.
I peed in toilet hahaha
Your smile can catch my eye faster than your booty
What you niggahs want frm a niggah
Fear the beard
I don't see why girls take their anger out on the girls their boyfriend cheated on them with , it's as much as his fault as hers
This summer, I will learn to play guitar and longboard. I'm determined
Will most likely be reading all of the books on summer reading list. Thanks for the suggestions
Laissez-moi de profiter de cet insant pour vous rappeler que CARPE motherfucking diem ne veut pas dire YOLO mais \"Sois productif\"
\"Jacob I gave you a c-section so I wouldn't ruin your face\" \"that didn't work out\"
Should I go to Coney island today for 4th of July turn up activities?
Like I really wanna just fucking snap on everyone right now..
Fuk nigga I don't wanna be ya homie
\"If this doesn't get your heart pumpin', you might want to go to the doctors\"
Is that sue I see in the class of 1964?!
I just washed my hands with softsoap pomegranate and mango (with natural fruit extract\"
I just want to go home and go to bed
Bribing my family to do stuff for me bc I'm going to camp tmrw is rly amazing
I think im afraid to be happy because whenever you do get too happy, something bad always happens.
If you don't like me it's cusssss ya man do, ya bitch do, ya mom do, ya sister do, ya Auntie do, ya little gay cousin nobody knew was gay do
No one is talking to me and no one wants to hangout tomorrow and do what I want.
Wait, what's with Jurgen Klinsmanns hair?
They slowly fade away and won't be friends forever
Mom and dad is vicky always giving him commands (bad twerp!)
Quit fucking favoring my shit. You talking shit now tryna do that. Fuck off
Dad: \"Why do you like the little one? He's short\" Uhmmm excuse you !?
Lightning bolts hitting the water all around the bridge and I'm standing next to a 160ft steel crane. Goodbye everyone.
.just go with it...
7 more hours. I can do this.
Fuck all that yeff you gotta care shit
some lady tipped me $7 how nice
I'm mean 0% so I understand I guess...
\"yo are you sunburnt or are you always this hot\"
&amp; I'm about to grubb something stupid rn
I NEED TO RETURN MY BOOKS TO SCHOOL BUT FUCKKKKKK THATS A MISSION
Win A Date With Tad Hamilton is my underrated movie of the week. 1) 2) &amp; 3) Nathan Lane &amp; Sean Hayes
Soon as I stop helping .. Then I'm a deadbeat
The wrong kinda nigga will lead you to destruction faster than anything ..
It's all about you girl and your 16th birthday -Spongebob
I feel so bad for saying \"get up you pussy\" after seeing that replay
Almost forgot threw down that ATB at
I FUCKING SEE YOU TWEETING
this vs rvd match should be really good
I could say sorry to someone 100x &amp; it still wouldn't confirm that it was okay to me.
, regresara si es fiel al futbol que la hizo grande !
Who is she ? and why those pants ?
If your reverse engineering of a reoccurring swing thought is correct then it can have exponential value. \n
I'm not gonna talk anymore about that matter... my mouth is shut!
Okay I have a bunch of big tities on my TL ... WHY ? -___-
I got cash &amp; they maad
JB smoove is the greatest man
Im a Pisces, she a tourist
Moms really excited for Greek Garden Thursday sorry
Oh !!! Damn, dis track sure got me loving all girls who go by the name NINA .....
some people have really surprised me... in good and bad ways
Please cam call me it would mean so much to me I'm not lucky at all but please make me the happiest girl in the world
I want to play tag that gets me so pumped
You know the \"myth\" that if you drink milk before bed, you'll have nightmares? K yeah wow I never believed that till now.
OH MY FUCKING GOD
Chill ass night with some chill ass people
Need to head up to SD to see the bro!!!
Gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooollll
Tuned into 's Stream and all I heard was laughing. Greatest thing ever! lol&lt;3 \n
first time I experienced sleep paralysis I thought I was being abducted by aliens bruh
\": Fatshack on the way hoe\"yess yunnoo
Wish it would at least stop raining so i can go in the outside pool
There is a 80 year old white woman on the train right now with a and .
My manager is probably the shotest walking human being alive
We all know Beyonce is gonna win.
Lmfaoooo this game lmfao
Los tiempos han cambiado y la guerra convencional funcionaria solo en caso de que fuera posible entonces buscamos alternativas simples
Old lady say she wah 5 grandkids... Welp unfortunately my kids trained to swim the other way
Happy America Day. Now go tape the biggest firework you can find to your friend, pin a flag to your chest and deep fry your life today.
Yes people I am 100% Dominican lol and I'm bilingual lol
These people wanted to buy a shock collar because they're dog jumps on other dogs. Umm how about you just control your dog then.
At this point I'm just flattered
10:17am craving chipotle.
LETS FUCKINGGGG GOOOOOOOO USA!!
This song will forever remind me of Chris and Rafa ha
If I fall asleep right now.. I'm gonna be up all night but idk if I can stay up..
\": Loyal niggas are always winning\" \n\ndon't remember my last loss
I hate Kate and crazy grandma
I need to b sleep...been back n forth from the hospital all day for mom dukes. Home Layin down \n\n
I don't believe in the 3 day rule
About to quit the same job for the third time
When your grandma knows something wrong and you have to hide your face so she believes you when you say your just tired.
My whole tl is spams :--)
Full speed to my after hours ..
i want a girl that wanna grind with me
I love Kalenna &amp;&amp; Tony &amp;
Let's go Spurs! Close it out tonight
Gonna take you for a ride on a big jet plane
Welp it seems the world wants me to get a next gen system because my PS3 overheated for the 3rd F'in time.
Officially just met Pepe
When I was little I called voodoo child by jimi Hendrix the chicken song what the fuck
My health is becoming a concern
It's all about the first 5!
Farmingville must be rioting..
I'm going to ask the guy next to me on the bus how to fall asleep to techno music. Once he wakes up, that is....
Watching you grow has been my honor ... Congrats...you've made it. Your dream came true...thanks for letting us love it with u.
The G.O.A.T. \/cc
Tickets paid and debt paid. Time to start saving again woooooo
I just Facetimed my 11 year old sister who was upset because she got two F's on her report card &amp; got all her electronics taken away.
Finally watching the conjuring..!
we gonna be out here tonight w otto
I should be doing my makeup and getting ready for work but instead I'm eating pudding and watching cops
It's been a week since I ordered my laptop and it still has yet to ship.... What do I do...
I'm ok with having thunder and lighting on the 4th, probably the closest I'll have for fireworks today
Whats going on ronaldooo
Mashed potatoes turned out to be the perfect food to comfort my R weary soul tonight. Now if only my plots would work.
If anyone wants to go shopping, Hmu!!!
This weekend made me realize so much
Now watch meee, watch me walk throughhh
Sucks for greece but congrats to costa rica
My AC was $650 Lmaoo that's not ode? I go dumb hard for the cold idc
polo pajamas I think I made it .
Soooooo I'll take a no response as a no haiiiiiiiooooooo
Wow i wish i was lucky enough to go on a date with kristy
Woke up and my knee is about 90% I can't believe it looks like I'll be ready for California
Ghana is full of cheap bastards
It really sucks when you go from seeing someone everyday, to not seeing them at all
is tht thunder or sparklers or fireworks or wut
\"I'm not really looking for another mistake\"
I won't back down is on right now in Chilis.
Not many shows better then who's line is it anyway
Weddings make me so happy I almost cry. Even if they're staged on television shows
I only will ever love id do anything for him id never hurt him hes the most important person in my life and always will be
Really though this whole no sleep thing can end at any time now please
Watch us end up doing nothing.
This is the most uncomfortable trip of my life.
Congrats to Vanessa n her baby! She made it lol!
Getting to leave your 15 hour shift five hours early &gt;&gt;&gt;
U can only care so much for a person show them but if it's not a mutual feeling its not given in return then there's no point 2 it anymore
flight leaves at 6am tomorrow morning!!! you know what that means.... here I come!!
So teen wolf is back.... Bye Monday nights
How sauce would it be if you could retweet your own tweets. Just like yeah that tweet is fire I'll retweet it myself
It's over brah I ain't dealing with it anymore ...
\": fat girls only\" yesssss you know it
Might be errors in that tweet I don't care bruh I'm tired
Me and moving to Orlando money team bout to be on our \"nation wide is by ur side\"
Loved spending time with Jackie today. I miss all of them so much
1 hour till I break my fast :)
I asked eliseo why he thinks hes a good bf &amp; he said because he doesn't make out with other girls .....
can't wait to smoke that mothafugggen California OG
Worst train ride of my life, a homeless man shit on the train, someone keep leaning on me sleeping, had to take 4 train because of maintain
that was from gg so don't trip
Chimba Que Se Demore Para Responder -_-
well what are you doing today besides sticking fireworks in your butt?
4 months to decide my college major and I have no clue
Save yourself the time and don't snapchat the fireworks, everyone is aware they are taking place tonight
Wow we had J. Kidd help is with a great season and done with him already.. smh
Let's swing at a pitch that's not almost in your rib cage next time X
How did the purge get as sequel?
I always get sick at the wrong times
It was bad luck Monday for me today:\/\/
Softball's no joke.
\": Add in Ralph Kiner too. \" can I add the playoffs?
It kinda makes me think of myself as a failure that the world can truly be that dark of a place for people.
Tomorrow, im going to Barnes and Noble, finding The Outsiders by S.E. Hinton and reading the shit out of that book
I haven't been awake this late since like fucking sophomore year lmfao
I hate everyone
Only in soccer could I be this excited that we tied.
My told me I need a 90 or above on the glob final and I'm just praying I get a 65 or above
Split stretching is worth it in the end
Take a shot &amp; let it out
My dream last night was so funny hollyyy
When bitches b like.. My boyfriend this thatt..stfu
I don't wanna go to drivers ed tomorrow:(
Por q soy su ex amor y no su amigo!!!
If she let me fuck tonight i might make me a son
All the Nigerians are tweeting \nRonaldo &gt; Messi
Loving how the media are trying to declare the \"song of the summer\" - is it OctaHate? Is it Singing in the Shower? Who will come out on top?
I'm still feelin the itis from lunch
Only got like 2 hours of sleep
Gekas damn I actually expected more from you. Pero like oh well bye.
It's a new day and I'm still thinking about a slurpee
I'm gonna take a shot every time they say love live
Who tryna go out to eat ? Im payin lol
Just discovered trypophobia is a thing and I have it.
YESSS COSTA RICA IN THE QUARTER FINALS!!!!!!!!!!!!
You don't understand that I would do anything for you
the fact that we started dating yesterday and you cheated on me three times kinda pushes me over the edge.
I hate when trends on twitter start being a trend on instagram..
I'm scared to walk through Astoria right now.
She said 'boy, you crazy.' Nah, I'm Shwayze.
Might be going to Alantic city I hope so
Summer is the best season u can do so many activities
Someone scoop me from Sean's pleasee
You're the moon in my shine and whiskey in my water
Wish I was in Costa Rica
I think I'm going to have nightmares about prison tonight
Cereal is so awkward. Like you're legit chewing on milk...
Why does my body always get up at the crack of dawn?
Spontaneous shopping! &amp;m
This bitch won't me to b broke
Never throw shade on someone you use to shine with.
So whipped wow; is that even a man
so now i'm down Rosecrans in the caravan.
just sat on a bee omg
Is it dumb I still have Spain winning the World Cup ?
Tuesday will not kick my ass. Monday almost did. Tuesday will not
Juergen needs to just Brooks in rn and not risk Besler going back in
I love watching Bo Dallas wrestle.
July 4th is right in front of us!!! We gonna have 3days off officially:)
I'm going to the fair again fuck it
Summer is not an excuse like you just picked up a full-time job as a prostitute
My mum just said Banex plaza specifically has a lot of igbo people. I have been there countless times. This really rubbish
Rlly need a 'where are my keys app' to be created
Ayyy que Carajo! Muchas tareas :( !
lmao ok my dad is literally mad at me for not getting a loaf of bread out of the freezer (???????)
All these drugs and i still wanna do you
Walking around midtown and people started cheering. Yuup. That's how you know US scored a goal
the blind side just started, my day is 10x better
Keep acting this way and you'll have no one in your life sweets. Don't cut ties with the one person whose actually had your back in so much
I went outside to get my charger from the car and I heard some strange ass noises so I'm like yeah I'm about to die rn
First part of my night is a shower.. That beings now.
SC be only 25 mins away from SJ haha ain't bad
ITS ABOUT DAMN TIME!!
Just because I can be sexual doesn't mean I want pictures of your dick
Only if Burger Haven was still open..
Someone tell me how and I just spent 75 dollars at PF Changs
YEAHHH USA!!' 1 minute in and we have a goal lol
Lemme kno why zach is such a dick
People are strange, when you're a stranger
Where I can run, just as fast as I can,
I love the positive, caring, and kind side of you. :)
Everyone time I spread myself it smells like provolone cheese idgi..
I need to speak my mind
Okay then get up and we'll walk to Stewarts
when it rains I become so tired ..
just got two pics cause meet and greet was so fucked up and rushed! Don't get me wrong I'm very greatful just wish I could have told her
Although Australia lost, so Pop should probably just bench Patty Mills.
Rt if u think that Macy's at montgomery mall should be replaced with a Bloomingdales!!!!
I need to go to the dmv so bad, tomorrow.
She dead need to stay in the studio
Just dropped my phone directly on my face... time for me to go too sleep
I just saw this really hot kid play with his little sister. it was so cute. aw
Happy Birthday, !!!
When there's a bug in my room I can't sleep until it's 86'd
Was not impressed with 1st hope 2nd nite is better
after work today I ran 5+ miles, did three loads of laundry and all of the dishes. yeah, I'd say I kicked Monday's ass.
ass so phat needa lap dance
can I just stay in tonight and finish reading Gone Girl? pls
I don't like margaritas. Just mix some liquor with a Jamba Juice and that's all me on me.
Pretty cool to fly into NY on July 4th to be greeted by Lady Liberty and all 1,776 ft of patriotic glory that is the freedom tower
7268 7268 7268 7268 7268
It's vs to celebrate Independence Day.
I literally hate Kara
Naomi should have super kicked Paige.
Just put my grandpa on theNetflix game. He bout to be stuck in his bed for weeks lol
I have to not talk to my parents the whole day just to mentally prepare myself to go driving with them for an hour
I just had toast with peanut butter and Nutella on it and it was amazing and good night
If you aren't you can not have shit snaps on your snap story
My entire 4th of July spent in a airport. Yippie
Left zacks to go sleep home. Got home and came back bc I hate to sleep alone
\": y'all should go on a date or something\" so gay! Haha
My brother came back from upstate and looked like he just survived the wild for 30 days in actuality it was 2
Thank you all for having me ! I had a great time and got to speak with so many amazing fellow
Niggas just in my phone for good conversation
So does the government plan on doing anything to help the marine who's stuck in jail in Mexico? Disgraceful
Hitting that volley separates the good players from the average.
Just a cramp.
Dreaming about the things that we could be
Late night cuzzi sesh, locked out of the house best night ever
I really think the only thing that I wouldn't like about Ashton Irwin is that he doesn't like FIFA.
bo Dallas doesn't need much to believe since Titus oneil really can't subra in his stance
\" hanging out with madison beer just to piss you guys off \"
Did my dad seriously just 'k' me.
Since when is kicking in the face legal?lol Card...? Or?
Tomorrow is going to be way too weird
1998 World Cup - no place to watch the games. Flash forward to no seat at the bar to watch the game. A good problem ???
Evan just juiced all over my floor
This is what he gets for blocking me
If you're tweeting at me because you don't understand the connection between elections and courts, you are part of the problem
Kickin it with my niece aka my daughter just put her to sleep , no other better feeling in the world
This is really starting to piss me off.
COSTA RICA GOIN ALL THE WAY
I'm gonna start throwin acid on you bum ass bitches
wtf they're literally beating us up
number two tonight w ! .
CLEAN YOUR EARS
Time to do my 7:00 workout even I'm late. Gonna try to do it over a hour, hopefully two hours
THAT GOAL WAS CRAZY
Its like a regular thing for me to fall asleep at like 3 or 4
When a cute guy is obviously flirting with you and you don't fucking realize it until YOU LEAVE THE STORE
I'm in a great mood today
KSJC 231653Z 00000KT 10SM FEW200 17\/10 A2996 RMK AO2 SLP143 T01720100
Really glad I straight out But fucked H&amp;M.
If you don't give me time, don't ever believe I will
I have feeling this summer is going to be great
I can smell wing stop in 24hr fitness
I kinda just want this whole thing to be done with. I want you.
Does anyone think the ball pets commercial is ghetto as hell ?
sleep is for the broke .
Mapping the human genome - the 1st 1% was the hardest part (2002)
Why is Matt Bonner not in the game yet?
I hate cunts who talk shit about me who have absolutely no idea who I am, they just talk about what they hear
I have more good ones
12 bottles in the case nigga fuck datt
Haha... Good job Rollins!! Now all is good
Ill see you in 2k lol
Time to snuggle &amp; get some sleep.
If he has a girl why you still trying to get him?
everyone wack as hell .. sleeping and shit lol
Trying to drip my mod while driving in the pouring rain may be the hardest thing in the world
Briana wakes up slaps me in the face and just says \"swerve\" like HELP A SISTA
Deep down, I'm really just a fat kid at heart.
Today Kotaku posted, \"Daisy Deserves Better.\" Perhaps... but not as much as Mario's original squeeze. Where exactly IS Pauline these days?
Everytime I paint my nails on my own it looks like a 5 year old did them
Now I can lay down, unwind &amp; listen to music.
Pero loca que haces despierta a estas horas?
JONES BABY WELL DONE. GERMANS DOING IT FOR US
WOAH why does Weezy dreads look like that
Anyone wanna ball?
Transformed from a still slightly timid kid, to an \"I really don't give a fuck about much anymore\" kind of person.
Dont know why some people race with time.
Im about to get it I cant freaking wait
Five minutes into my walk to baggage claim @ JFK &amp; it hits me. \"Oh yeah. That's what real smells like.\"
Intrigued by this show Tyrant.. I feel like this is something I could get into
You should be embarrassed I wish a nigga would I would leave them in a heartbeat
I think the Transformers movie is longer than the new Transformers game.
What to say if you get fired: \n\nFINE!!! I was lookin for a job when I got this 1!
Buying an hdmi chord for my laptop was the best decision ever. Now I can watch porn on the big screen
\"I have already had sex with two virgins. It happened well. Both of them thanked me for being soft and kind\" tinder
Hey does my banner bring back nightmares?
I don't always drink beer (yes I do), but when I do I prefer Dos Equis (No I don't) ...
We are now hiring full time &amp; part time line cooks. Please send in your resumes to info.com
\": RIP HEAT FANS\n\n2010-2014!\" Im dying at this tho
Im about to go outside and smoke so i can pass out
She be fronting in a weird way that's her love there for me
Wrap it up tonight
\": My neck, my back, my Netflix and my snacks.\" LOL
I think I said spurs in 6 but 5 is better
Is it just me or is Teen Wolf giving more of a horror film theme
Getting high off the scent of fresh leather.
Some kids have like hot Cheetos and candy meanwhile others have every portion of the food category
This better be the best $13 beer I've ever had. Gold better be at the bottom
Well I'm happy is feeling better. I guess I gotta put the wheel barrel away... But I had fun takin u to a strip club!!!
Damn California tap water got my ass.
About to just take myself. Fuck a friend
Lmaoooooooo...Deh Ras Deh Too Lite...Him Wah Some Food..
Why is there fucking traffic at 1 o'clock in the morning
how do i get jacob whitesides to follow me
Im 50\/50 on going to the fair today again haha have lots of leftover tickets
Anyone wanna come write my American lit paper? Pls
This is a cry for help
Welp I just got booed cause I dropped my beer on the pavement...soo00oo like lmk
This is the first time I haven't seen as a trending topic on Twitter since the start of the tourney.
Just because someone has a smile on their face, it doesn't mean they're happy..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TAWNY, I know im late , sorrryy
Chris Rock is funny!! Thank you BET !
EMMY YOU MADE REDDITTORS RETWEET ME
So yeah is awesome okay
4hunnid you my bro we dine and dashed, partied, and hella good times in high school.
That dead phone life really ain't no joke.
I'm finna throw a TV dinner in the microwave
Parties parties and more parties... And only one Stef
He who says can and he who says he can't, are usually both right
Why am I awake you ask? Because Toreys family likes to wake up at the crack of dawn just to buy Penn State football tickets
We live in a world where we make love secretly and violence openly.
Lmao if colombia wins theyre fucked they hve to face germany
Who produced Michael Jackson's songs? Whoever he is he gets zero credit.
Hurry up &amp; end this game so the Purge can begin on my TL.
I feel for Bosnia
Idk what to do with life help
no I known this world is black and whiten
Yo this is the World Cup, not the MLS. Start playing like it.
I want to get ready for the day but if my day consists of sitting at home why would I change.
It's like, I need to run BUT I also have a bee sting on my leg and I don't wanna mess w that.
Of course I'd buy a new jacket
NEVER STOP THE FUCKIN RAVE! *filthy drop that makes me almost shit my pants*
I actually hate the fact I'm being forced to take shots rn.
I wanna go to pride but @ the same time I'm not feeling up to it ..
The Indian word for taco probably translates to \"meat canoe\"
I officially know Why I'm always up late
Son has a nextel and is chirpin ppl right now
Time 4 a review on tonights episode
Folk ain't doin nothing but fouling
Just saved a family of skunks.. In a car tho cause they stink
S\/O to for representing Shen in the College World Series.
Its barely gonna be one. wth
I have a doctor appointment on August 23rd
The 4th is for America, but it's also known for the Suits Family shit shows that ensue.
Baby will you be my corona and lime, &amp; I will be your main squeeze, &amp; if your brother don't like my style, we can take it to the streets .
Who's skipping tomorrow
Did you guys know thought Steven Hawkings was a musician
ALL MY PUNK ROCK KNOWLEDGE COMES FROM TONY HAWK AMERICAN WASTELAND
That was all ball tho ??!!
Pit is alive and well. When he walks people of all ages dive to get out of his way
Teddy R. FTW
Cinnamon toast crunch ? RT : I NEED MAD BOWLS OF CEREAL
Lol suck it Ronaldo
Just waiting on you to stop playin so we can make it official...
And if you think that last tweet was homophobic, you're fucking stupid and trying too hard.
Looking at neymars name headlining time square makes me buzz
I guess things can only get better from here
To go back to bed or attempt to do something..
Now what do we do....
WHY DONT YOU FOLLOW ME ANYMORE JACOB
ele me tiro ta bio, me bloq agr
If it's under 100 it can't go in my garage
i am sitting on the moon, missing you
Se llevo de mi coleccion de sonrisas la mejor
Well I am off to Virginia on Friday. Then new Jersey and then driving home. Should be fun.
Oh yea, haven't had a drop of alcohol in 4 months but who's counting?
ATTENTION ALL HUMAN FOLK IT IS MORGAN CHEROKEES BIRTHDAY.... happy birfday gurl... me love you long time :)
Klinsmann is really wishing he included Landon Donovan now, huh?
Currently watching the last episode of Dexter I've been in tears the past half hour
IM GETTING TIRED OF HAVING TO ALWAYS ASK U OK
hotel beds are comfy af
I hope my hair turns out blonde like I'm imagining it.
How tf do people live in the city
Aaaaand here's the part of the show where they sip wine, talk, and NEVER touch the food that looks banging
Hate following Funny Accounts that start out cool Only to be Berated by ads and Tabloids !!
DEZ AND CARRIE OH MY GOD
hate forgetting my charger
Radio: \"The music you grew up with!\"\nMe: Huh, is this an oldies station?\nRadio plays a song I grew up with.\nFuck.\n
GO GIVE UPDATE VIDEO A THUMBS UP !!! DONT FORGET TO SUBSCRIBE :)
I watched all of Orange is the New Black in one week and now I'm sad because it's over.
Anyone one wanna ride with me or give me a ride to the beach
JACOB I JUST FINISHED WORKING OUT SO I CAN HAVE THE PERFECT BODY FOR YOU
.But my tribe doesn't have a casino?
like these knock off designer shoes, my outside is shiny and pretty, but my inside is filled with cardboard and horse glue
Such a star they say I'm a star spangled b-b-banner I am the rap Hannah M-m-Montana so fix your antenna I keep 3 ho's
Waking up sore from working out, strangely it's a good feeling
Slide into your DMs but only cause I gotta borrow some salt.
Bien hecho Ticos. Way to represent the CONCACAF and show the USA how it Is done.
You ever see someone from your past and think \"wow I'm so fucking glad you're not part of my life anymore\" bc I do almost every time
Idk if I should go to bed or...
Just slapped myself in the nose trying to swat a bug
you talk to every guy and everyone older than you please slow down
Who would ever buy a Bugatti Veyron...\nYou have to replace the tires every 50k miles...\nSo that's like buying a Mercedes every 50k miles
What are the fucking odds this kid has the same phone without a case and the same background as me
Gonna be doing some fencing when I get to Cornell!
I could live off of steak.
got me feeling like I'm flying, like I'm outer space
USA fans feel like they won the WC
Ella cambia mas de novio que de panties
its 5 am and Im playng dropout unemployed losers
My body on your body baby sticking like some gluee
Shaker kids are dumb as fuck
Wow, you're a great friend
Okay yea I'm still watching the game and THAT WAS AN ABSOLUTE FIRCRACKA!
Would've been tied up
You Just Gotta Start Living Ur Own View Fuck What Any Body Be Saying Cause they Don't See Threw Your Own Struggles
smelled like or watching World Cup in the Castro
Graduation is more when when you love tweet
ilusion optica jaja
Regents week be gone
Heat fans....Where are your Heat at? I thought there was a game today. ...lol
Yay USA, nice goal Jones!!
Fuck this traffic b.. I'm still not home and It's fucking 630 and I left Changs at 515..
Going to sleep will probably make me more tired right now
The snapchats Miguel sends me are so cute
I miss the days were my biggest decision was which bathing suit to wear to the beach.
through fuckin with these bitchass bitches
werth with a shot in the first inning
I love leaving my house because I come home to a spotless room every time, Cher is a winner
Can't wait to reunite with the girls
LRT is me \n\nThat's why in baeless... I get bored with girls too fast
oh you're \"Taken\"? good thing I'm Liam Neeson
Relationships freak me out SO much lol I need to stop kidding myself.
This bitch Lydia stay getting kidnapped
Happy birthday big guy
Spicy pickles for the win
Our team looks like Russia.
Damn, Jozy Altidore looks like he tore his hamstring
Why is everyone so damn difficult
if you love me you'll go see 22 hump street with me
all these racist people smfh
Being back on this football grind got me tired
Los Vegas Was Bussin On Man Grave
Tbh does anyone still need graduation tickets????
The amount or bruises on my legs im actually getting concerned
Transformers is in 3D oh hell naw im not goin blazed
aw I remember when I was in twitter jail like.. all of last year
That's the reason why I hate when my cat goes to the bathroom with me she sits there and stare at my vagina while I wipe wtf!!
Found a good travel buddy tonight whoop whoop!
Just carved out a watermelon
My mom keeps her laptop in a polo purse . Thass swag
Flip cup is so damn fun
Ready for my iPod to charge so I can watch . I hated Scandal but I love this
Un \"me voy \" no, no?
very much appreciating the growing number of Asian male models in online clothing stores...
Using watchespn and chromecast to watch the game in my room. I'm a happy camper
\": Hip Hop needs a mixtape.\" Foreal foreal it does
I could go for a good convo rn
WHAT A FUCKING GOAL!
Fuck bro, we really lost
If glass is a poor conductor of heat, why do I have to hold my wine glass from the stem?
Its all smiles, but personally I got some battles no one will ever know about.
truckin... got my chips cashed in
Las manos hacia arriba \\O\/ las manos hacia abajo \/O\\ y como los gorilas uh uh uh
Janessa &amp; I are the biggest assholes you will ever me
If you ain't running with it, run from it
So much going on right now.
I could give a fuck what a hater gotta say
catching up on last nights episode of
WHY KEYSHIA COLE LOOK LIKE THAT
Fuck I have to be up in a few hours and I'm really eating waffles right now
My past is not my future!!!!!
Ain't nobody gonna call you shad.
Remember when Aim was our twitter
Tired of being given rules &amp; shit dgaf forever understand that
USA USA USA USA today's match USA will beat Germany . god bless you guys
In Brooklyn!! Ready to watch my boys do the damn thing.
Fuck we almost got caught having fireworks rn
I love money but I don't let it get in the way of my priorities.
Sometimes I genuinely laugh at rays jokes and enjoy his company and other times I want him to move in with my aunt Angela and suffer forever
Really want to do different things this summer
Lebron fans irritate me
If made BART &amp;MUNI an across the board price, would that help access enough to bridge unemployment inequalities? cc:
I hope fucks in the ass.
Not ready for vacation I have to much to do!
It's okay. We have 6 more tries to win this game.
Hey , why don't I play dots, again?
Neutral shootouts are the best.
Good morning. I woke up missing the Ph, everyone, everything..
I wanna play beer pong and eat hot dogs
Playing the Queen.: ugh. That's why she did a taped performance
Off of work! Ready for this weekend! Lol
My dad got a beer to calm his nerves lol
That fucking sucks!
Your mouth is a weapon everyone fails to realize that chose what you say wisely it can't be taken back
late night thoughts : dog backwards is god
I'm gonna throw up I can't
Belting out Part of Your World
Smart, mobile defenseman are en vogue. And, when an Andrew MacDonald gets $30 million, it's not hard to envision a scenario...
Wayne got all this money and he came out in his pjs really tho
I really do dislike flyer fans
Not what I wanted to hear
Wow, what a goal!
It's like I'm here but not fully here at the same time
Feel like I'm watching
Called Salt Slough. Refreshing right? So much salt on the land here it sometimes kills the crops.
What are your plans for tonight?
everyone enjoys the blessing that God gives them but forgets how easily God can take it back
is a great goalkeeper
I\"n order to keep a man you must be a maid in the living room, a cook in the kitchen, and a whore in the bedroom...\"
What is a socially acceptable time to go to bed
I hope my uncle locks the door when he leaves. I'm not going downstairs anymore and I don't feel like getting ass raped tbh.
My summer so far has left me with barely any free time sheesh
I dig exploring New York. It has a lot of hidden beauty. It's so much more beautiful than what tourists find in tour guides of Manhattan.
PSA: did anyone borrow my car the day after cinco de mayo.......
\": he ain't shit ctfu sn my nigga was tired\"lmaooo, you mean ya son ctfu
I wish my boss just randomly gave me a 2500 dolla bike pshhhhh
&lt;~~ somewhere between the Steve Stoute + Dame Dash Venn diagram.
32 seconds in. Goodshit USA
It's seriously fucking sad how you can't trust no one now a days.
And the time i busted my ass on the scooter on the top of the hill
Today in 1970, Freddie Mercury made his live debut with Smile (Brian May and Roger Taylors' group). Shortly after, the name changed to Queen
my room litteratly looks like a bomb hit it from packing
My dad is somethin else but hes at the level alota people dream abt bein at
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.\n\nMahatma Gandhi
I be high and I be low. I be low then I be high.
Fallin' in love to the beat of the music
I like my internet friends better than my actual friends oops
My best friend? I have multiple. I'm blessed to have them all in my life. And you know who you are
Someone wanna hangout or come over or do anything really
My man always got to follow the ratchets females look like they from Laveen lmao
I think a tattoo on the forearm is dope as fuck
I like his friends they are hilarious
about to kill Leo rn
ohh shit my main bitch got a twitter y'all lol
I wouldn't be able to date a feminine guy lol
Your foundation don't match your skin tone but that's none of my bidness tho
My brother literally went through everyone I follow and followed them....
Can't argue with stupid
when the people are actually who they say they are on catfish it is too fucking cute
Is big brother a good show
A poop and a pee is called \"a Deuce wit juice\" \n\n
My bf never believes me when I tell him I'm ready
At Coney Island, all the lifeguards wear orange. I feel like I'm being watched by convicts with umbrellas.
My bros and I gathering tonight to watch Wrestling instead of the BET awards. We Plurt or nah?
WHAT A SHOTTT
Having no power is always great right?
I Still have mad love for my ex .. I hope one day we can find our way back together .. \n\n1 - 29 - 13
NOOOO IM MISSING TEEN WOLF FML
I came for the draft. I'll stay for the trades.
Need some eminem right now. Let me get to it
Alison's tweets are on point right now
GoodNight Mentions? Cute? Ugly? Date? Kik Or Dm? For A (Everyone Is Welcome)(NBA Girls Welcome)(Model Females To)
I need a nap because all yall making me mad
Dear John by Taylor Swift is everything right now
If the USA wins today and advances past group stage I'll buy a jersey.
How bout you guys start buying the shoes you retweet. Jewish? Talk to me.
Finally!! Great shot
We all end up 6 feet under
There goes Cuz
Looking at pictures of cute boys to improve my mood maybe be this years best choice so far
Let's talk about how I saw poussey and literally sat on the floor freaking the fuck out hitting Toni .
you got this !!
I'm not afraid to be who I want to be.
Canvas sperrys + walking around New York = deathly pain
Joe Budden has more riding on this then Hollow so ya'll sleeping!\n\"Only time ya'll play Joey is on Def Jam Vendetta\"
you never understood why you we're wrong and that's why we argued a lot .
Okay I see you Messi!
Officially attending the Aquinas Institute next year
Funniest thing I tell gurls \n\n\"Can I hit yet \" lol
Nick, you're a middle aged man. STOP.
can't wait for the flyers to do nothing again tomorrow
\" the type to get hurt but that's a past tense\"
When people open your snap and not even reply
I see what you tryna do thats not even kinda new thats that shit ive been on
Fate is a terrible thing
When is the amazing spider man 2 coming out? Or did it already?
Bad father's day for Bron
Hate when i text people and i feel like I'm interviewing them.. Yoo don't text me with your boring ass!
No extra time, okay
You a angel you wave hi to Aaliyah
Jamming fela tonight playing FIFA . My night bliss
Those ppl who can txt in Jamaicam xD
My mom just talked on the phone with her college friend that she hasn't seen in 22 years like they meet every morning for coffee\n
Formulating predictable, quite bad jokes about band names. So that's 20-30 seconds of taken care of for next Tuesday, then.
Yesssss Ambrose don't give fuck.tho I'm not a fan of the wifebeater
When will Medical supply company's provide Adapted equipment I need TOO VAPE
The smell of your little home after you've been away from it for awhile
Where is that young man ?!
Asked me if I do this everyday I said \"Often\"
I wanna smoke some tree!!! Stressin man smh!!!
I know I am biased but the best games so far have been &amp; !!!!! So much adrenaline, I just ran 10 miles!!!
Constantly forgetting I live by mountains. I'll be driving down the road and see them and be like, oh yeah....
Birthday in a week \nLeaving to NYC in 2 weeks\nTime is passing by to fast
Muchas con envidia tratan de forzar!
The BET awards are coming on tonight ? I didn't even know lol
COURTNI KEEPS SCOOTING CLOSER AND CLOSER TO MY SIDE SHE IS TRYING TO SNUGGLE
to the dreamers It's great to a company from Atlanta, GA back on the list! Congrats to IMAGES USA!
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel -MA
Benny from the sandlot will forever remain my dream man
You can't even hit up a nice looking female without them assuming or telling their friends \"oh that niggas thirsty\"
Smh my mom is lost in FC .......
I can't find the place your heart is hiding, and I'm no quitter but I'm tired of fighting.
I MISS ALL OF MY FRIENDS SO MUCH
You left me traumatized and not once have I said shit about you
Happy birthday to my dude who's probably shit faced at the moment
Happy 4th of July everyone :) have a good one
I've had in n out at least five times this week
When a girl freaks out about not having her make up on and cant do ANYTHING without it... its a turn off. be confident with yourself
Shotgun Baja Blast with me so I know it's real.
THATS A QUALITY STAR MATERIAL GOL STAR YOURE A STARRRRRRRR
Pharrell a Thot why he wearing uggs?
Grandmas going on a beer run... she loves us
Gonna be a long night
If you guys love you'll help him get to number one on iTunes !!
\": kinda weird that you can think about someone as much as you want and they have no idea.\" rft
Anyone else notice the posters in the newer episodes of ? Hidden in the unfocused background? Clever
I'm giving away my vape for free, dm me if you want it lol
Baby Gareth is being so fussy rn.
I'm definitely not a huge fan of soccer but that goal by the US was awesome!
They fell in love over spicy chicken nuggets at Wendy's - 10 word love story
All these ppl on my tl tweet wack shit
I HATE when someone says \"like every girl\" like no bitch I'm my own person. Unless you comparing me to Kim K fuck off
Marty baller a clown bruh all he do is smile in his vines lol
Yes I spelled the letter to.emphasize lol
... So, is it cool to wear uggs now or...??
On my way home , didn't want this day to end :\/
Gonna be with the wife tomorrow :) yay
I realize now I've made a triumphant miscalculation with my wardrobe building all these years... don't think UCLA will be so fly in the east
Need team for 4v4 on UMG ... LMK PLEASE...RT
On the train missing the USA play in the World Cup. Go get em, ladies!
And I wanna kiss your face
I need legitimate opinions... Should i dye my hair like a light Burnett?
I just went vegan grocery shopping and I'm v happy
I just ate pizza until I felt like I had to throw up
Ganshoren c'est mort , Ixelles c'est mort , Etterbeek c'est mmort , Jette c'est mort
OLEEE OLE OLE OLEEEEE!!!
Ard stop bitching lets go
We Can`t Change The World Unless We Change Ourselves..
My last pic is the definition of perfect ):
Yayyy Costa Rica got it Yaayyy
Shower then pa la calle voy yo
If you ask me there's absolutely nothing wrong with an hour long phone call between two bros
Huey slapped him hard as hell
back in california since school ended and the first thing i do is ask for the wifi password
OH !!! Your avi is a gem. That baby lookes so cute and genuinely happy
If Naomi gets the title she will bring a whole new level of competition to the divas division I can see it
Can't believe they showed their wedding footage though, and then getting their tattoo though.
\": \"you're not going to hell &amp; if you do ill be there to pick you up\" ILL PULL YOU BACK DOWN HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
What is your favorite memory? For me it's vs. with Titans WR Kevin Dyson being 1 yard shy of a TD to win.
Construction on 43 is killin me
When your gf says she doesn't mind if you get a Rub-n-Tug....it's gotta be a trap, right?
Sending these emails and then working on this article for SQ this OTL episode on ESPN giving me some much needed inspiration for it
Netflix has ruined my life. 1 hour a week is no longer sufficient for shows I enjoy watching.
I'd smack a security hoe if it didn't mean I'd get fuckin arrested
Frisbee tonight at midnight!\n\nDM if interested.
Argentina is doing hella good!
is still my favorite album since it's release.
Part of growing up is having to admitt that you are wrong in certain situations
Summer insomnia is like no other.
CLINT FUCKING DEMPSEY!!!
If email is a black hole...
Dempsey! What a game!
These adults racing are horrible reckless drivers omg
Broke niggas stand to the left rich niggas stand to the right , ya momma she keep looking at me ima knock that Pussy out like fight night
\"What's in that bag?\" \"Chocolate covered raisins and almonds\" \"damn you just ruined my night\" - my conversation with a cop instigating us
\"then don't let your kids get $100,000 in debt just so they can read books for a few years.\" - Quora
WOWOWOOWOWW!!!!!! That's how you start a game!
Every time I see the Rays Joyce hits a HR
My TV turned itself off out of nowhere. Guess it's over this game, too haha.
Lol a stretcher for a pulled hammy?
Ppl who pose with garbage in the street, I will never understand u
Holy crap blanco had a six pitch at bat!!
my hair still smells like purple fucking koolaid
I hardly recognize myself without eyeliner on
Just laying in bed waiting to talk to bae...
coinstar for my euros and my toonies
Enjoying my 2 weeks in but wish it could record cycle intervals in addition to steps.
LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS GOING TO BE A MOVIE IM SOBBING AND CHEERING EVERYWHERE
Oomf tat &gt;&gt;
no but really can someone please help me with a pose im gonna start crying in like 10 seconds
Come on boys. Stop playing scrappy and start playing to win again.
You know I'm real when I start to subtweet corporate Disney.
That time of the month makes us all over thinky and emotionally wasted.
Wow, two different teams, Bosnia in the first and second half. So lazy now, kind of depressing.
About to go to see Benny benassi
gilinsky: \"you want me to vine you fucking holding a pack of beer or have me slap you, be honest\" \n\njohnson: i prefer you - \n\n*gets slapped*
Coronasssss in this weather&gt;
Suck it!!!!!!! GO USA!!!
don't get how someone can talk so much shit &amp; get away with it.
I'm abouta walk to the nike factory
Got some new people who wanna see me doing bad
Good workout at the gym . Seen coach crystal, actually missed her
What I hate the most is when people i love so truly talks about my past over and over everytime Niggaa I would so kill you
I honestly think Johansson can fill Altidore's shoes, we gotta believe in the young Iceland star
Clint Dempsey what a warrior!
When the same people reply to the same person every FUCKING TIME THEY TWEET. &lt;
Who would've thought we would be watching tennis and soccer on the 4th of July
Starting a support group for people who only get sweat pimples in the Hitler mustache zone
$ floralbruises_ $ v cute acc babe !
All the Starbucks up north have drive thrus like what the fuck Santa Barbara get it together
Penalty kicks: so unfair, so arbitrary, so fun for neutral observers.
You can only take something as serious as the other person
At the end of the day you're the one who tells yourself to quit. But is quitting worth never being remembered.
What if, every time you had a thought, you birthed a child whose sole mental capability was to express that thought??
UPDATE: Fire crews are working to put out a transformer fire that burned under I-280 on the Stanford Linear Accelerator Lab property.
Y al final todas las mujeres sin importar nacionalidad son mas putas q los hombres....
All I want to do right now is cuddle.
and it's official, taking a break from commissions for a while. just gonna focus on these comics for a while.
don't say one thing then do another .. unless you wanna annoy me .
Hash tag mullet boyz. Woop. That's them boyz.
Einstein is a famous physicist and a noble prize awarded. He is known for his famous theory of relativity.
12:20 and is wasted, god i love this.
We blasting all you Boston bitches with water balloons too. We gonna be hella turnt
Great stuff. Keylor Navas the hero.
Get my truck back but now the deck isn't turning on and the fucking mechanic is taking forever to get over here
He'll dish it though RT : Boris Diaw will celebrate with a bottle of champagne and a stick of butter
HATE SEEING A PLAYER GO OUT CAUSE OF AN INJURY
Ughhhh idk to scream or cry rn!!!... i think ima do both ._.
Can't believe the is letting the take them down so dirty like that.
Jacob should tweet me bc at digi
Not surprised that Pharrell won for Happy
I'm fairly agnostic here, but well played, Leo.
tryna see this fight tho
First diaper change.
Ok my stream is officially very far behind haha.
Dam I really stayed home all day
my sister just deadass just scuffed my sneakers. imagine my anger
Thank you ghirdelli for playing Christmas music in June
We are shootout bound
Every year when I watch the pre show I feel like I have aged 5 - 10 years in btwn. Who are these people?!
wow.. he got a new number *blocks the new number*
drew could not have said it better for the both of us
MY GOD GINOBILI JUST JAMMMMMED
\": Nobody can change a person, but someone can be the reason for a person to change.\"
And the follower of the day goes to
Y cual es el problema con. Nuevo Corte de pelo de Cristiano Ronaldo?
Officially leaving Ny August 5th \n\nI'll probably be back tbh
Arrow really my shit I fuck with it
THE HANDY MAN IS CURRENTLY SINGING STAY WITH ME IN THE KITCHEN
(Joyce Maynard, age 18, The New York Times Magazine, 23 April 1972)
If you say \"You the real MVP\" and don't know where its actually from I'm disappointed
I was finna say sumn hella op but lemme shutup cuz it's none of my business. Lol
And I know it's only in my mind\nThat I'm talking to myself
My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea
teala dunn is so heart eyes emoji
it's the power of pushing ur hair fucking back it makes u look older
Just lost the most important fifa match of my life against . I deserved the cup
I hate when bitches try to lie.... Like noooooo bitch you care and your mad because you care
I have the Dumbest R.O.D. on the planet but I still love her with all my heart
How to maintain romantic relationships in 2014: RT like a fan, fave like a crush and NEVER DM.
We need more females tomorrow ! Hmu !!
She aint from France but she French kiss dick
I feel like such an adult when I say I am 20 years old now.
\" Whatever you give a woman, she will make greater. \"
Oh to be on the same press as and and so many of the best!PLEASE LET THIS HAPPEN!We get a yes\/no next month.
maybe you'll love yourself like I love you
FUCK YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH LETS FINISH THISSSSSSSSSSS
I don't belive in true love
well that didn't work out as planned.
My sister has been partying with her friends since 12 and i've been watching netflix since I woke up... There's a problem
It's sad working at this sale and seeing people complain about the prices, when all money is being donated to fight pediatric cancer
And insurance doesn't have to cover it? Can you imagine if they did that for diabetes care or end stage renal disease? Appalling.
Omg I have to get up in 5 hours
If you're calling bout my heart, it's still yours..
High kick or nahh
\": fuck alright I'll slide through tmrw!! I need to Clyde's one for my bf and I\" I hate you
I was created in a lab
Only 1.5 hours in and already in a \"sample only when needed situation.\"
It'll be a matter of time til all those goodbyes make you mine
Everyone who's so excited to be graduating and leaving Lawrence just wait... Wait till you're in the real world. You'll love HS soon...
Having a very rough time leavin mahh bedd
If you think a brother and sister who love each other and marry is disgusting, you do not truly believe \"love is love\"
My apologies to Lew Ford. He was in center field, not RF, and did not make that error.
The opening of cream is a myth
Prayers go out for JA
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x15
\": - how we getting their?? Call me\"I can't call you right now
so many things remind me of you and i dont even know why
Hahahah 40 seconds
going through old cheer pics makes me miss the season a lot:(
She light weight like me so I fuccs widdit
I find it so pointless when I'm up at night and my boyfriends asleep lol
Whoever is not watching the game your just not American
I still can't believe that
I hate ig. I'm deleting this shit.
I wonder about some things that I say all the time
Messi finally came through
But wuss sup with them corny niggas that was corny all throughout school, done graduated skipped a couple towns down now he cool!
Lots of people argue \"aspirational\" but doesn't that lead to disappointment like weight watchers and Rosetta Stone?
Train guy: \"I asked my gf, 'why don't you make more of an effort to be pretty? It's not like you can't afford it. I'll pay for it.\"
Everytime i get eye contact with a midget we both immediatly size each other up to see whos taller
I got so fancy in the shower I even took an extra half hour to shave the back of my thighs because I have no clue how to do it.
Man spurs got this game
when idiots get a hole in one &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
When an adult asks you what you're looking forward to most in college, it's awkward to respond with \"beer\" so I lie and say \"school work\"
IM JUST AT JUSTICE SHOPPING FOR ANYTHING SPARKLY. LOL
I may be a hotel stalker but at least I haven't been trying to get 600K for the past 8 months BYEE
Woah The Great Messi
KSJC 041553Z 00000KT 10SM FEW009 18\/12 A2995 RMK AO2 SLP142 T01780122
Last night in Las Vegas though
There's way too much on my mind
Sooooo after an Italian dinner, we're walking from Times Square to Central Park... lol
These niggas been movin real funny lately ..
ESPN HEADLINES: LeBron James visited Six-Flags states \"The El-Toro is a great wooden ride\" check back later for statements on the Kingda Ka.
WOW my home button just fell in the street
I NEED TO GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE
Mom: did you study for English? Me: Yeah I wrote a practice essay
If you don't know baseball, don't tweet baseball
Pretty confused as to why my ass magically doesn't look like Beyonce's immediately after doing squats.
Supermans mustache is fantastic
Best of luck to you, great idea. Really hope people take advantage of your service. Take the keys away!
Wanted: Date for Comic-Con. Willingness to cross-dress preferred.
how can i convince my mom to drive to new york to meet shawn tomorrow..?
Glad I got to spend some time w\/
If you never talk to me don't hit me up and expect me to do you a favor
Dee pimpin in the building or Jacob latimore
My data lasted for 2 days only...
I'm Not Allowed To Even Think About Work For The Next 5 Days.
S\/o to for getting his cast off, now its time to go floatin down the river!
Call it whatever you want to call it I never liked you!! (:
I'm so tired
Like 2 years ago I used to casually date this hot piece of Haitian man lol ; until he sent me a picture of his manhood .
Lets fuckingggg goooooo, GOALLLLLL
I can't believe I bought a phone charger for the iPhone 5 from the smoke shop that is not compatible with the iPhone 5....
Portugal looks exhausted. Get another one.
Shawty my nigga down fohhhh w\/e
I'm cranky lol I almost choked on a pill -_-, I'm tired and hungry and I have insecurities lol
I'm not convinced by enough of y'all.
Sitting in traffic you can smell dope
To all the Mexican fans who laughed that Chile lost yesterday. ....
Last day of school I was told don't worry you still have prom and graduation, that's over now wtf am I supposed to do. Get that NCC Wife.
it's not that serious, just put on a t shirt and go enjoy the show and have the time of your life, instead of worrying about your attire
There is allot of talent in the
Girl all I'm tryna say is tht U got it and I peeped it and this shit on my mind so i can't keep it this shit secret
He just disrespected Dempsey's family
This Mexico GK is going bonkers
A war just started. It's over with tomorrow.
\": she can speak English just fine, you dumb fuck. It's just an accent!\" Damn you salty AF like you her momma
the song \"promise\" takes me back to my sweet sixteen and prom lol.
Hit the bitch then forget the bitch but I left my kids on ya bitch face
One of these weeks I WILL go to nappers ..
Jermaine my dude
I saved a little kid today. That was pretty cool
CLINT FOR MVP
Give me a few weeks, I'll be back in shape.
How funny that you have a girl saying you miss her and you love her but you hit me up trying to walk down memory lane lol you funny
Same here! RT : Hey, podcasters who use ! What works for you? We are curious about your secrets.
Why Bochy was Cain still in this game because pitch Count was low stupid move
alot has happened this week and im so darn emotional lately
I think I'm going to buy a camera and photograph him
Who wants to go to the movies ?
Jonnnnnnnneeeeeesssss!!!!!! USA USA USA
I got wayyyy too much in my mind and this should be happening during the summer
Every time I ask my dad to go somewhere he goes insane and starts yelling at me for every little thing
Alejo y Valentina jajajajajajaja q u e
Only got 6 hours of sleep &amp; it's still not enough.
Raptors where fierce af lol
Quickest blowouts in town. Perfect for a girl on the go!
awww you unblocked meee how sweet:)
Cause Mercedes wanted to be a lambona &amp; put me in the pool
God forbid you have to walk a mile in his shoes
Who wants to go get a mani pedi with me tomorrow?
Philosophy of writing \nIndependence\nTime\nChoice\nWriting is a process. Teach the writer not the piece\nAuthentic instruction.
Costa Rica flights and hotel officially booked!! So excited!
But I've seriously never met someone more emotional than my sister. She's legitimately always crying.
I'll bet these dudes pull their pants and underwear all the way down at a urinal.
I'm tired I wish he was here :'(
\"They don't teach you this kinda shit in psych classes\" -- talking about dealing with having me as a roommate
first solid meal on 48 hours and I'm eating spring rolls at a The Vamps concert
LMAO about to go see 22 Jump Street with my dad... this'll be fun.
U know a guy named Jimmy? U look just like his brother
Gotta lay low, niggas aint really yo bro
Not Altidore man
I lost weight, I gotta update my Instagram
\": Iunno who got curved more, Brock or Johnny Bravo\" def johnny bravo, nigga got turned down at least twice an episode
Soulymankhan usually would put his sisters out of his house in mast and would see his big sister in her house on his way to mast.
Thank God the USA tied Portugal 1-1. Great goal by Jermaine Jones. Go USA!!!
Lol you're so cute \": We are all awake so why can't we all just get tg &amp; have a party, idgi\"
So many things I'd rather do than lay here and try to sleep.
That Vandy pitcher seemed really upset he couldn't get the win. Does he care his team might still win???
The suicide rate in Astoria just went up 5000%.
If you deny that your family has one fuckup, then I'm afraid it's you.
I can't fuck w dumb boys.
Yeassss Tamela Mann I hope she shouts
Was excited to get home from Vegas and sleep, but now I can't sleep.
Catch 7:26 for me
At Sams house while she's out doing things I'll just go to sleep
MRT Hi Ashton!! long time no see ;)
U shouldve done that 'been getting money' shit.a.hunnid times! U have no place calling anyone wack! Ur garbage.truck juice Joseline
But hey, who cares about women and their rights when the religious liberty of a nationwide chain of arts and crafts stores is at stake?
I could write a book about all the regrets I have lol
b4 we had bob hope &amp; steve jobs &amp; jgobty cash, now we have second-degree burns on our hands, and purposelessness, and leg pain &amp; bela tarr
We can't choose where we come from but we can choose where we go from here
This dude don't know want he wants
\": Need new people to talk to\"
Just landed in nyc from Seattle, now off to the studio to shoot
Yellow Gatorade sport top to the rescue. ya feel me??
To all my ladies in the place with nappy curly thick hair I SEE YOU we will get through this
Boutta go watch edge of tomorrow I'm hyped boii!!
Es un gran maestro! Vamos
The act of being born seems pretty terrifying
THERES LIKE 9 BABY MICE IF ANYONE WANTS ONE FOR FREE AND WILL GIVE THEM A GOOD HOME PLEASE LET ME KNOW
I mean unless a gay person has done something to you personally then you shouldn't b bashing on them like that
So mad at the French right now for stealing my sleep
I wanna tweet but like I dunno what to tweet about you know
people I know from HS and college are getting married to their longtime significant proves to me that real true love exists which is dope !
Kerry threw up!!!!!!
My cousins post on my love for Hennessy has impacted the amount of follow request I have
I wanna go mini golfing
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Yo Jason Kidd, you're only worth two 2nd round draft picks?
I give no type of fucks If you fuck me cool. If you don't stay mad cause I still don't care.
what if i bleached my whole head? i wonder what it will look like?
And at the end of the day you come to realize that all you truly have is yourself!
Jimmy Thaddeus Barrios: next top chef.
I'm always the kid people fall back on to blame crap on even though I had no part of any of it this is BS I'm done being friends with anyone
Man, I've been goin through some shit lately.
I think im going to just die once i finish this chem regents. I'm done with work
I didn't know at first but now I see. If I'm with you I can never truly be free. He though pushes me to be the best version of me
bae I wanna get your Name tatted on me.
never listening to my mom when she tells me to wear pants. Ended up having to buy shorts bc it was so hot.
Anyone wanna come help me clean!
Fuck ya weed I got my own smoke.
All im saying is that there was no silent countdown
\"I love you and I wish it was enough...\"
LAILA GOT A JUICY BOOTY AND HER HAIR DID GROW
These friends are my family. I'd do anything for them.
My dad called mushu a thing &gt;.&gt;
Really not healthy to come home to screaming and fighting every day
I met too many amazing people at FIT
I swear if one person tell me to smile,I don't wanna smile,I'm in my asshole a state of mind
Low key love Spanish music. \nMainly cumbias
ur not even funny tho??
Don't settle boys. Go for the win!!!
AND I have to go out for another birthday in an hour and a half. I'm not feeling it.
Was 5 very honest? Sadegh ?
God I can't wait to be back in Houston. The hands shall be thrown
Use the to show you who you were, your to who you are and the to imagine who you can be.
\"No it's not okay. Don't say it's okay, because it's not. Sometimes you can be mad about something\"
The Costa Rican players are spent. They are barely hanging on.
Watkins glen hike with my two favorite people &lt;3
ITS BROOKS TIME
Reminder: NYC is having Harry Potter events in July! Everyday all month long! :)
If we get one of Ho Sang, Goldobin, Lemiuex I'll be happy af
Hearing something bad happened at the Avicii concert in Boston tonight. Hope people are ok
i wanna go out but watch ysabelle do some fufu shit when i get there and refuse to open the door
Picked up our invitations!!
I apologize in advance to all who see my selfie tomorrow
Conquering any difficulty always gives one a secret joy, for it means pushing back a boundary line and adding to one's liberty
- you didnt talk in person . You should let me keep those shades. Your butt &gt;&gt;&gt; lmfaoooo
Everybody goons till I send that 45 at you
Here in our seats for wCabel\/Pirgu Will also see Perez\/Costello for next week.
My dad's first question when I get in the car: \"are you a lesbian now\"
signs, there are always signs. . .
I wanna tease Emily so bad. But effort.
Rest in peace, Horace Silver. Thank you for the beautiful music.
I've had that rude song stuck in my head all day. I only heard it once
I still care about you
goes down on (giggle)
Osea que tenemos que estar juntos toda la vida puso(?
Mookie Betts is a GREAT baseball name
Ladies if you want respect from a guy, give him something to respect.
Going shopping in the city tomorrow for the first time in fucking MONTHS
Theese pennies are sexier then I am -Laura
So happy to be with my girls as soon as I get into town.
OKAY i gave you big boobs but you cant see them
is it weird that i like my self without any make up at all than having a lot of makeup
Goal in the first minute!
My moms running around the house screaming USA right now...
USA: Our injuries are real, not fake. Damn.
sometimes criminal minds logic isn't the best.
wearing the nicest kit of the tournament I think
One of my favorite days of summer
Coming home to mom telling me she got me an Italian combo
So this season of 24 is the only one I've ever seen and absolutely incredible. Do I go back and watch all of them or start ?
Can't wait to be able to take Sunny Boy on walks.
robs gets excited thinking about braiding Derek Davis nut hair.
Best part about having a party...eating all the left overs the next day
Papatay na ako sa kaiisip ng study namin sa Research :\/
I prob shouldn't text people while drunk but oh well
Well I was actually quired (when one quits and gets fired simultaneously). I invented a new word...Deal with it.
I feel like I'm watching a bunch of men tackling each other like this isn't football
Why have I been sleeping on comics son
You'll never fade, fade, fade. \nFade to black.
RBI double for
A's have made a ton of great defensive plays tonight. Cap tipped.
If doesn't call after 151863 tweets, idk, idk..
Kinda would like Lawrence Frank back to the Nets too. Sadly realizing Jason Kidd wasn't the right guy for the job all along.
Mkm?????? WTF no I meant my MOM*
I should really go to bed
Kids are being showered in beer
where is the emoji with the gun to my head
Amanda is like my diary sorry not sorry
Flight stupid delayed on another level
Football fans are the best fans in the world
I think Hugh Hefner's wife just followed me on twitter
\": I love you messi\"
THERES NOWHEEEEEREEEEE TO GOOOOOO BUT UP FROM HEEERRRREEEEEEE
I mean u know how it goes !!!
Lebron with 50 tonight.
30 seconds, bruh.
Manhattan has my heart man. So in love with this city
Note to self: in the future choose naps over friends
Only left my bed today to eat :\/
I don't want to come off too strong
At XS sippin grey goose sodas till the fuckin sun comes up is where I want to be
now that gianna paige and julia are gone I have nobody to talk to
\": according to every bosnian mom once you finish college everything will make sense in the world\" Deadass lmao
A Mc mansion sounds like Ronald McDonald's house I agree with her uniformity and match. BUT single family home
I mean NYC doesnt only have performing arts so its not a performing arts university. but thats none of my business
Last day of June! The time is going so faste! Can someone break the time?
I'm so nerdy!!!!!!! LOTR!!!!! Omg Legolas is so swaggy!!! Ayy!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you click the link in my bio I will love you so please click Bc it will take 10 seconds only PLEASEEE
Can't go home alone again. Need someone to numb the pain.
It's crazy to think that I can do anything with my life
Jones is now officially a BA.\n
Huhhhh I won't be able to talk to her tonight
Fucking can't stop thinking about you so I'm gonna listen to some music.
Coming home from work, I find a gin and tonic scavenger hunt set up by my dad. Still living at home is wonderful sometimes.
Nbd I have an 8 AM tmo lol
Ok, am I wrong or drunk that the guy who was in Stargate Atlantis &amp; that dreadful Conan reboot is playing Aquaman?
how did this kid that honestly just saw me at the beach find me on instagram ? thats crazy... he must know my people
Manu is out of his mind
When salted tears won't dry, I'll wipe my shirtsleeves under your eyes.
But no I'm an adult I have big kid duties.
Sometimes there are literally babies racing up the
You need people like me, you need people like me so you can point you fucking fingas and say das da bad guy
Tim Lincecum is a legend for wearing that USA Jersey after throwing his no hitter.
Just dropped off my first bag at the post office! It was beyond easy + I completed a major closet purge!
Who's looking to chill later?
Hey........ come here often? Or nah
I heard a song while I was in a fruit shop in Hollister, California today and let me tell you, I'm a fan!
I hate having to explain myself
Lets fucking go!!! !!
Just realized there's a typo in that tweet ughh
ANY1 spouting segregation as \"failed policy\" is just lookin 2 reestablish &amp; bolster a \"whites get the best\/blacks get the trash\" confederacy
Last day of school tmrw! Wow thats great to hear
Girl Meets World premieres tomorrow. What has the world come to?
Hope I get this letter today
I'm super stalking my cousin and so far I'm not that great of stalker
OH MY GOD we are recording new episodes TONIGHT.
My weekend was full of dogs, love it
Just thinking about having my own house, and having my soulmate there with kids running around makes me so happy. I'm so corny.
Wowowowowoowowowowowowoowowowowowowowowoow completely unprepared for this chem regents.
ONE OF YOU NIGGAS ASH IN MY ACTAVIS?
NO WAY THERES NO FUCKING WAY!!! DEMPSEYYYYY
\": Attempting a bicycle kick in the spirit of the World Cup, and violently pulling your hamstring. \" yep
shit what happened to jozy i was working
Like Amir ahshejdkajrjd lmao
The purge makes me question life and existance
Hit me up directly join my music club +1 507-339-7863
I'm gonna start calling plur vibes \"Molly vibes\"
GOLASOOOO fucking goalie was stuck
This nigga pharell turning into a hermorphadite
\"Everybody gets knocked down, just how are you gonna get up?\"
how you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo, me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Niggas in Ny be rolling mid wit fronto leaf into a joint. :(.
Never dope RT : This humidity is not dope.
Come play Located on Port au peck avenue in beautiful Oceanport,Nj
Portugal is gonna score again. just wait
Oh and we got shut out by a rookie on his maiden outing. Nice. : defeat the 6-0 in game 1 of this 3 game series.
I seriously don't like lil Wayne
She do be doing the most tho.
Laying in bed for the rest of the night
I'm still in shock from that goal
Had an amazing workout, now who balling
So excited ! ! Looking forward to infusing our sultry yet elegance into the fashion mix!
Need a tummy rub &amp; ice cream at da same damn time.
Gamification In Our Lives with SiliconFrench, the Jewish High Tech Community (JHTC) and the Entrepreneurs' Club (TEC)
snapple fact : can't back out of a blackout
My residents keep slapping my ass it must be getting fat
Guyss can't handle the \"So....\"
I told my sister if America scores I'm jumping in the pool, so I did a fixing front flip and hurt my back, I love you jermaine jones
I really don't like arguing .. I just be wanting to lay up and smoke and say fuck it but it NEVEERRRRRRRRRRR goes my fuckn way ever ..
That was a terrible performance by Jhene Aiko.
Oh and I just now found that spider
Cooper is making the kids tell stories without saying like or um...so hard and funny!!
I literally loathe texting. If it's real, I'm calling you.
Literally Vanessa is the only one who likes me haha
I woke up in a mobile home.
Oh my god how am I just waking up
I managed to NOT watch the brasil highlights, I'm gonna watch the game knowing the result, but who cares
When favorites all of your tweets for the past couple of weeks:) I love my best friend:) miss her:\/
Life would be easier if I wasn't born a natural wild child
Nick and I just saw Ryan Murphy and we jumped up in the car waving and completely denied us...east friends last forever I guess
Long talks with my Meli &lt;3... Wouldn't change it for the world! \n
All set for supercharged game...Germany - France and
by puts me in such a great mood!
I just can't understand how some women don't see the benefits of contraception. It's more than just a \"sex pill\".
My life everyday: me looking at tumblr\/Facebook\/twitter\/Instagram\/Pinterest\/vine and realizing the I'm nothing -_________-
In the round of 16. We could easily see Brazil play Spain. In the Round of 8. Messi could play Ronaldo. Ffffffudge.
Don't spend nearly enough of my life in the trees. I miss the forest.
4:03 am y Nai en las pailas del infierno todavia
I feel like I'm turning into the person that wants ti get smacked every other weekend lol I gotta chill
This will be good; Waiting for Fireworks at
Sorry PRINCESS, on MUNI there is NO line. So stop pretending you're entitled to one
It's so hard to be a pot head here in NY but when you find the right makers your life is golden.
ily cam! (:
Sitting outside smoking a boag and listening to the rain&amp;thunder is so relaxing.
16. What do you look for physically in a partner?
Esposito was Napoli fan wounded before Coppa Italia final. Puts into perspective failure at WC &amp; underlines much bigger problems exist
I don't feel good at all.
Whyyyyyy ammmm i uppppp
When guys talk in their cute voices to their daughters &gt;&gt;&gt;
Might just fuck around and take this nap
I want to fast forward to watching the games already
Spinning tonight at MeatPacking starting 9pm &amp; Road Test for the new HD8 headphone.
We're Tf Are They At !
I blame everyone else on why I no longer have money but I offer to buy people things... Lol what
gosh he's a jerk but I love his shirt so much -Tyler
Dempsey.. that was just perfect
Ahsha feeling insecure for good reason... Those groupies are a lot to handle.
Melo stays in NY and LeBron goes to Cleveland
Pigs have the best super power ever they turn vegetables into bacon
I'm too old for this shit
I want food but not breakfast and idk what to eat
Last retweet got me in years
If you want Kiera to come over at 9 tell her to come at 7
Manu Ginobili is a machine
Follow the money: How top investigative rprtrs do it at
Sitting in the hospital waiting room with the girl
\"Oof wow he is cute... Wow hes hot!\" - My mom watching tv in the other room
\"Food doesn't taste as good if you eat it alone\" well that's bs because food tastes good no matter what
Told you all we are surprising everyone this year
trading coaches is so weird for me
Momma i promise you gone see me on the big screen , at the grammys givin a speach as haters watch me on tv
\"\" under every pic
Like why vacation Blake what are you doing come back
Shout out to the girl who made my eyebrows what they are today. It's about to be a year since she started doing them I might buy her flowers
This is Ghana be a tough match.
a show that i probably shouldnt like but do anyway is the boondocks idk for me its not really offensive its just. relatable i get the show
DEMPSEY FUCK YES
Jersey Gardens tomorrow and beach on Wednesday! Ugh prefect week
I forgot about being the only woman in the barber shop. These guys are funny.
Killin ya self looking for someone who would kill for ya.
LRT: The people getting on the big screen blow my mind. Selfie world.
Hella judge people that put a selfie as their story on snap chat
can I memorize 50 vocab words before tomorrow..
At least my hair looks sort of nice today.
Greece deserved to lose after being a man up for over a half worth of time.
Addison is hella gay for tweeting but not replying to me...
Lo bueno de pasar siempre diciendo maricadas es que le digo las cosas a la gente en la cara y les da igual.
You said you'd be right back. Well. YOU NEVER CAME BACK! Blah!
This weekend is going to consist of alot of \"what would Stacey do\"
Thanks people on snapchat that made me use up 68% of my currently used data
This life, this game. Ain't no love in it if it don't love you back.
NOOOOOOOOO I WANTED HER TO GOOOOOOOOOOO
Girls are the biggest haters, chilllllll.
Darling I will be loving you til were 70 &amp; baby my heart can still fall as hard at 23
Okker pissed me off so now I'm going to stop and shop
I used to have the worst anger issues.
Why is everything so dead lately ...
Why isn't Isaac on the show like he didn't die I don't understand is he on vacation is he in the hospital is he okay I need to know
I want some fried breadfruit now
&amp; that's why females have side niggas lol
Kylie and Kendall are so cute as little kids, but they're annoying
That new kid got on my nerves! \nThat bully in me will never go away I guess
I will literally pay you
Bourbon and this allergy med. turn up for little dragon
WE BELIEVE, . Red, white, and blue it's time to make crybaby Ronaldo cry!!!!
having my sweet time with netflix who need a boyfriend?
DEFINITION OF A \"STRIBALL\"\nAny pitch on corner.\nFB just above waist.\nCB just below waist(CUT\/SL @ waist)\nFB just below knees.\nCB @ knees.
are you really that attention deprived?
come home, come home cause I've been waiting for you for so long
Going to the beach. Bringing BBQ.
She so bad that I inhale her exhales
Some ladies made a guy in union square drop his pizza, so he threw his milkshake on them.
I've learned too much about this girl. I even know her birthday. She needs to stop.
\"When I sneeze I say whiskey.\" \"Why?\" \"For ha has. Or I say pussy.\"
I really dont wanna get up.
Can you wear with a ?
I love the USA turn up on my TL !! We outchea !
The signore cannot go by vaporetto. The vaporetto does not take baggage.
Wait yall getting at August for cryig on Stage but guess what? Most yall will never get up and get a BET award ever so have a seat
Altho the thing was gross,the amount of content weekly in 3 days on radio show is mind boggling. Show never been better.
...................ok this all night skype drawing ssession is getting weird
That was beautiful
' i secretly wanna see ashanti &amp;nd tamar perform.
With his chest though!
Yea another one I want more
I've been seeing I Miss You by Blink 182 all over vine and now I can never look at that song the same way again
faggot got mad &amp; doesn't want to watch a movie
If the words you spoke appeared on your skin would you still be beautiful?
One day when I'm rich and a D list celebrity (hopefully) I'm going to laugh about how poor I currently am
WHAT A RIP
Lol Tidus remember when you were going to be a great villain?
Omg I have Ben and Jerry's down stairs this changes everything
I'll give you a fucking reason
Watch WAAN and Kabine fade me. *Waits*
WOW! Best presentation\/talk\/keynote ever!! Loved it all!
Why do i always attract sluts? -__-
This bar literally erupted. This is awesome.
Driving roll up the partition please
I take the saying \"worrying myself sick\" to a whole new level tbh
We would just go in the bathroom or room and fuck while the kids are outside the door asking what we doing= marriage sex lol
Six flags with yes it's hot as balls
Someone get a magnet and pull Keke off the stage.
It must suck to be such a pussy
you guys what its 3:19 in the morning and im home alone and still awake you know im blasting problem
Only if you knew how much of a piece of shit your girlfriend is, haha it's funny how clueless you are
Ugh they really would stop the train to arrest someone
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert.
Soooo my friend walks in with a deadstock apple backpack with the rainbow logo on it. It's mine now.
I KNEW HED PULL THROUGH
Drinking chocolate milk out of a wine glass
At least I'm selling my expire record
Okay. All the Instagram pics that don't show up in my Twitter photos.... I'm uploading them now.. Haha
\"The reason we struggle with insecurities is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with someone's highlight real.\"
I'm hoping you hold on, but if you gotta leave then so long. Cause I can't take it.
Boy, do I feel sorry for Larry Drew. And circle the date for the first time the visit Barclays. That is going to be an EVENT.
that's awkward for Ghana...
A car ride isnt the same without John Mellencamp or Steve Miller thoooo
Do they even sell girls clothes at active?
Laying on this bench not needing a jacket and missing home
Why would you trade for a coach? Let alone Jason Kidd.
I found a red wine I like!!! Like for the first time!!! Maybe my taste buds are changing?
Today's going to be a good day I'm feeling it
cant even fake it any more
Must get to bed as soon as possible
They should make another Sherlock Holmes movie tho (the one with robert Downey jr.)
The USA grandpa picture is overused today and I love it more every time I see it
If your not following me on snapchat your missing out: tonybased
Like that one about Netflix asking you if you are still watching. Yes, we get it, you watch a lot of Netflix and have no life. Okay.
The fact that \"Love your Laxative\" is the real slogan of a real drug company that just ran a real tv commercial makes me question a lot
\"It's huge to finally embrace the life you never planned on.\"
Just high fived the 200th person dressed in pride gear that Laura, and I counted in an hour
i dont think u realize how important u were to me
My Funnies and Fails is not rendering correctly...
Tamela mann about to have a heart attack lol
my tweets mainly consist of rt's and lyrics , or just boredom .
All u gotta do is be straight up
These coachs ain't loyal, lmao Jason Kidd is a funny guy
You can dance if you want too.
Thanks! Rt : Happy 15th Anniversary to , a special couple &amp; business team. You ARE better together!
If you can live with urself knowing you hurt someone and u're doing nothing to solve it... God help you .... Because that's awful
If you don't ask, you'll never know
YOU CAN PREACH. YOU KEEP EVERY BODY ON THEIR TOES.LOL..
Do I hear a collab coming ? I believe so
Cant promise that ill be good to you cause i have some issues
I'm just countin all this money and buyin all these hammers.
&amp; I know there are people who have it worse &amp; yada yada, whatever people wanna say, but we are big babies and we don't care. Lol
After dinner at a 4 floor apartment with a terrace on the Upper East Side 200ft from the Met, I now know how the other half live
oi gente sou eu xu ....caraca q calor .....affff , vamos beber bastante liquido
I would support USA but my baby Ronaldo is on POR soo
\"Why would you try to help them if they're a shit person? Fuck 'em.\" Oh you make me laugh xD
i kind of dont want to go home
I'm so fucking aggravated and get myself worked up for no reason all the goddamn time.
WHO HIJACKED THE PLANE ? NAWAZ OR QADRI ?
Tu ya eres cosa del pasado
Everything could be fine and ppl will cause problems or over think bs and cause problems
Pharell wearing uggs at bet awards huh??
I choose my childrens name with the saint of that day!
Lol that boring voice in is Peter Dinklage.
So glad my brother is here right now
Why give a bitch a heart when she rather have a purse
Tim Howard is an incredible keeper, he's like my idol
\"I would rather work at McDonald's then work at King's.\"
How does it feel like? Like getting stabbed in the chest but the knife stays stuck.
I told my mom to teach me how to make mole just so she could make some mole.\nBamm
Fuck I don't wanna work at 12
OHHHH what manner of love has bestowed upon us that we should be called the ! \n\n(But do you believe God though...)
HELL YEA DEMPSEY!
Penalty kicks coming up, seems reasonable.
i was tryna feed my dog but then the cap of the food dispenser fell off and now theres dog food everywhere
What the fuck is up with all of these friend requests on Facebook?
For those supporting and are getting frustrated by Nani's wastefulness: welcome to the weekly world of millions of Fans.
Needa start leaving my phone on instead of vibrate
Would it be fucked up if I told her they're cute even though my sister talked to him ? I mean they are cute I'm not gonna hate
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say.
I had so much fun in Elementary school
All night I've had to listen to chelsie \"HE WAS SOOOO SEXY OH MY GOD\" she's annoying. Like he pry thought you're a creepy kid
Guys, don't forget about !
Happy Independence Day! Remember to and
And that you'd be reminded that for me. It isn't over.
Randomly insulting someone doesn't make you cool, it may make some immature assholes laugh but on the real you look dumb as hell
Forgetting where you left your beer is the worst. Especially when you're home alone.
Covering for !! In an headed to the rally!
Dufner might have the hottest wife of all time
I miss you so fakking much!
You're not perfect but idc I love you
Robben could get shot and not get the call today. He shouldn't bother.
im 4 months away from 24...do i cry now or later?
I'm low key trying to hit on you LMAO
Party girls don't get hurt, Can't feel anything, when will I learn?
You got me sweating like a fat girl
\"boys like the smell of themselves when they smell good\"
Nothin better than eating cold ass watermelon at the beach LOL
CClint DEMOSEY MITHA FUCK
In desperation mode for a ride someone be a champ
Congrats to what a gutsy win today
Wades shoes are bout to be on clearance at .
When I say I'm ging people call me blonde like what am I
LMAAAAOOO RONALDO YOU ARE SO MESSYYYYY
im up for this Brazil vs Colombia, ya tu sabeeeee
I regret being the nice person and collecting money for the stupid prom limo
well now we're fucked
where can I apply for guy fieri's job
IM FUCKING DONE YO THAT SHIT AINT FUCKIN COOOOL
\": why don't u email me 2morrow at jsj.net &amp; we can talk about this\"HE SPEAKS 4 HIM
Work is the last place I feel like being right now.
Just found out my cat will willingly walk on a leash outdoors.
I want you and a blunt
Bosh is so ass
Isn't it crazy how we seek different people for different things?
This game was super boring but PK's! vs
My mood just went to shit. I'm done for tonight.
how do people deny what sal did, do you know what dolphins are known for,
\"Gabriella we need to be out of the house in an hour\" mom no
Trapped in a race between me clicking buttons on a website and the airline rep cancelling whatever they just booked me on
I feel a lot more lazy that I haves beard
I love listening to Spanish music even though I don't understand a single word they are saying.
Reffing Jv tomorrow, I fucks with them they hella slow lol
About to go to the park
The first time my dad is correct about something I can't even explain the pure shock I will feel.
After a 3 hr drive back to NJ from CT, driving back over the Tappan Zee to get my wallet at a gas station is a real ball buster. Ooka
So it's the apocalypse....everyone seems to be extremely happy. Or content..So apocalypse. Cool.
If you're not happy with yourself, then you probably won't be happy with anyone else.
I FUCKING HATE WHEN PEOPLE FUCKING K ME
idc about most of of my followers, I just wont say who :x
prom tm got me like insomnia is gr8
Who wants to maybe invite me to do something today??
Lmaooo what other pics do I got wit bruh
Don't judge a book by it's cover read it first
We all make mistakes that's part of the breaks!
GanG Finna Take Off Still Cant Believe This
Lebron is not a fighter he aint play in like da last 7mins smdh FIGHT NIGGA FIGHT
Lmk if I'm ever gonna have a designated cuddle buddy ty
that was terrible hahahahaa OMG
I gotta catch that good look. Getting that fresh cut at the barber shop.
I am staying with a complete stranger in San Francisco and I feel very weird about the whole situation!
Let's get this win
If came to the city &amp; didn't tell me we fighting
What time is it in SF did the show start yet?
Oh Clint you can use those moves on me any day, any tiiiiime
Notice : Except Herself , Her Family and Me...
I'm so thankful for everyone who helped me find my way every time I've been lost. I wouldn't be here without you all!
This really wasn't how I imagined my summer
It's so nice I'm glad we choose this house out of all the other ones we looked at
UHM who DOESN'T love the Dizon family forreal
Guyyys the sun is rising and I didn't slept yet ahhhhh
We're all in the same game; just different levels. Dealing with the same hell; just different devils.
Starting to see more and more people out here
did mrs mulligan call telling anyone else they got a higher average or
Twitter is sooo quiet? Where are all the sports dicks?
The mock draft has me fixed...can't look away from the laptop!
found this We Love Trance Renee Ablaze JamDaBass in the middle of new releases and you know what? That S is going on ITM
Kiss me like you wanna be loved this feels like falling in love.
I cut everything so close no wonder why I'm always late
The BET Awards be straight roasting niggas , NOBODY IS SELF !
Lol @ how mature you are
Ronaldo needs to get his eyes checked
Don't be afraid to say what you want to say
Can't wait to just be laid up when I get off of work.
Milk was a bad choice, it's so hot!
The freaks come out at night. Woot woot
Teddy Purcell? Once a King, lol..
1 minute and 15 second plank.! Oh yea gonna try and do 2 minutes.!(:
So I had a dream last night that i killed somebody and I woke up crying, went back to sleep, and continued with the same dream
Of course my Zipcar is broken.
Costa Rica is gonna get blown out by Netherlands
These regents are so pointless like bruh, can I just get my diploma
Does anyone have a favorite track on my EP ?
This summer was gunna be lit buuut I'm not trying with some people anymore
wearing uggs to accept his award haha
Friendly reminder: would have never had to make this decision if Roberts had done the right thing in the first place
Guys, is a violent gamer who may be planning an act of violence. Please help me report him to the proper authorities
Idc what anyone says, got off on bigger than me!
you have 30 fucking min to make me your . This isn't a damn game
Now we got a ball game
I wonder how many ppl on FB seen that video with what appears to be a nipple with 20 holes and white things growing in em
Some people can just get on your nerves so easily
The notebook is way better then the fault in our stars
This nigga at my job told me when he smokes his eyes don't get red anymore. Df he smoking?
Great 6 mile run on the trails to start this beautiful day
But I'm really sad my whole paycheck is gone over something I couldn't control so I'm just gonna cry in my room
I'm playing this game where I watch TCGS with my headphones on &amp; try not to annoy my roommate with obnoxious laughter. I'm bad at this game.
i miss myself
If you's fuckin wit me then your fukin wit the best.
Haven't felt this happy in a while.
Ramp restrictions in on I 205 WB before Mtn House Pkwy stop and go traffic from Grant Line Rd, delay of 9 mins
Or should I say that trap water.
se ja tao falando tanta bosta agora imagina dia 7
People love you and support you when its beneficial.
Last work day until 13 days off :) 12-6 und dann FERTIG!!!!
S\/O to for having an awesome iPhone app. It loads every time the first time! And doesn't ever lag or crash!!
How many times do you have to get the shit end of the stick until you get the good end? ..seriously though
Thanks to i'm feeling blue......the has ended....
Haven't bumped Bone Thugs In awhile
I'd perfer to watch mean girls and eat my blueberries without you bothering me about your lego collection
I did some damaged today at the irvine spectrum
The fact that Madison's contact name in my phone is still \"MomL\" from when I was drunk and changed it at Waynefest :\/
This game dead giving me chest pains ghana stay slacking rn
the people talking about the BET awards are just as annoying as the people who talk about PLL
I love the fact that my boyfriend's dad got me the hook up on my jersey! So excited for it to come!
Tak su sepeti koluna\nHer kes kendi yoluna\nArama sorma bosuna\nGitmiyor hosuma\nLa la la la la la! :\/
I wasnt really feeling that lie detector test either. Thats not fun for a date.
I miss Jared. He makes me laugh
Hey everyone that's following me rn, follow me on Instagram: elaaaaayne
This guy scares me. Just one hour thou.
King James? Try King Mothafucking Ginobli
I think I'm just not going to study for finals and just wing it, I mean I have all A's so I can't find the motivation to care
Once Jason Kidd gets fired or his contract up with the bucs because they still gonna be shyt he not getting another head coach job
\"Crossmen is watching Step Brothers!\" \"STOP THE BUS\"
I have to use the bathroom but I already took my walking boot off and crutches are satan
Can't wait for the gf to come home tomorrow
srry wayne i love u but that was sooo boringg
You don't even no her so seriously stop
So rock me mama like a wagon wheel hey you mama rock me
After a weekend listening to podcast I am ready to gross out my co-workers with historical medical !
I get SUPER jealous when people get noticed by Cameron tbh
All I can say is I'm either the biggest bitch or the sweetest person you'll ever meet, YOU pick your poison, not me. I'm totally outspoken.
OMG. desktop app just overwrite my newer local file from the server side. T____T
Some of you are just soooo useless
Wade needed to step up and so did bosh
Niggas want a girlfriend but can't support themselves the right way. Just to get by...
I love you so much please follow Em
' Tu Ta Penando En Problema .
its ten oclock in the morning i dont have time for twitter beef w a bitch you live in five years away
If you don't fucks with Univision then I don't fucks with you
hahaha where the fUCK IS MY BEANIE
Drank a huge coffee, then decided I wanted to take a nap. That was unwise.
Pre-grated Parmesan does not do it for me
yo, i'm a hot and bothered astronaut crashin'
Persistence is getting every Spaghettio out of the can before throwing it away.
YALL DONT EVEN MNOW HOW EMOTIONAL I AM RIGHT NOW OH MY GOD BABES
Idk why I feel wide awake cause I've gotten like 5 hours of sleep in the last 48 hours...
If we are going to chase anything let it be meaning.
\"Hay viejos tiempos que es mejor no recordar.\"
Is Justin Bieber still famous lol
To conclude birthday , chilling with the boys and and and with dominos
NFL just put Antoine Brown over Dez Bryant smh
I wanna dress up and go somewhere
My nights are for overthinking, my mornings are for oversleeping.
Be thankful you livin, cause it coulda been worse
Crazy how a tiny fucking creature could ruin my fucking night
15 teams..need one more for 4 full groups
Whenever I start feeling sick. I stop feeling sick and start feeling awesome... True story
Why does my dad wake me up early to go with him to his job?!?
THEYRE MAKING LOOKING FOR ALASKA INTO A MOVIE YES YES YES MY HEART
If Love is the Answer, How Come You Don't Pick Up?
The budget will be passed, but as I said on the floor a few mins ago I still believe there was room in budget for additional police officers
Play with my booty and tell me I'm pretty
I pop a perk I fck ya biitch
You don't see it, until you see it.
Running on 3 hours of fucking sleep smfh
My boss just blew up my spot by telling my mom i have a fake
It's So Many People On This Fucking Phone .
Live streaming not working :( so will just watch tonio and teptep :)
7:37 A.M. and it's already a solid morning
I wish I could stop caring
this is the earliest I've been up all week
Everyone need some quality time to themselves every once in a while
I just want a dog to call my own. Is that such a difficult thing to ask?!
holy crap ENOUGH!! if you say \"i don't like sports except xxxxxx\" and xxxxxx is a sport. you LIKE sports. asshats.
I believe they never caught 2 of his son udate &amp; philafol
Busy week ahead. Visiting Twitter, Google and Stanford University.
Keep the faith in all my people who are consistently committed
They seem uneasy with the crosses
LMAO if my parents saw \"where to buy morning after pill\" on my teenage Google search they'd be like, she's so responsible!
Cody has a more plunging neckline than Andi
I need to not work 14 hours everyday
Copped out on speakers and a new radio system !
FIFA logic: kick a dude in the face = no card
Cereal tastes way better without milk .
I can't wait to go swimming tomorrow . I be so relaxed
That wasn't a nap. That was a SLEEP
Thanks for the awesome customer service it's nice to see cause in NYC you don't get it often! You guys are very refreshing haha
But then again typos are a killaaa
Volleyball at waterworld was hellllllaaaaaaaaaa funnn
Por fin en NYC
That was a real nice kick
Two weeks of not moving off the beach
14 hours until my babies killllll it
It's sad when the whole relationship is built on sex
Mission Street smells like misty fog and dirty dogs.
Have a feeling the power is gonna go out.
I agree with everyone who's ever said I look like Ben Affleck
There is someone at my street who leaves his house everyday around this time
Way to go Clint
Y con esto me voy, Mora es la mejor.
I wanna drive you through the night, down the hills. I'm gonna tell you something you don't want to hear.
\"And I am right beside you\nMore than just a partner or a lover\nI'm your friend\"Happy bday and thnx for ur music, gives me hope
Manu with the slam!!
Fiz um pequeno comparativo aqui entre as pessoas da Google i\/o e as da wwdc e agradeci por ser
If you put a picture up of you in the bubble bath talking about some \" I needed this\" your a THOT fr fr
Love the Nylander pick for Toronto
I'm actually really fucking upset even though I shouldn't be :-)
My teacher was like \" It looks like some of you are tired today\" and looked right at me, too bad I was deadass asleep lmaoo
How my sister wakes me up: 'Get up you lazy piece of crap'
I can get ready in 5mins but once that warm water shower hits...im chilling for about an hr. Lol
. musings of the cam or gtfo
I love how no one takes my advice and then later on tell me I'm right ...what???
Broken hearted that I missed Logic last night. Looked liveeee af.
Someone play kickball with me laaaata
LESS THAN 40 SECONDS IN AND WE GET A GOAL
my nails are so perfect rn and im so in love with them
Having the number 1 overall draft pick is a delicate situation.
.Kids. What the fuck do they know
Birthday is in life 2 weeks
I want paneer tikka masala and rice :(
alicia keys in the nanny diaries is perfection
Just missed out on meeting dickmans long lost brother..
When did that happen? I haven't watched that show in a while.
Jhene has an outstanding sound with mediocre lyrics
ooo ...maybe ill find an afterparty for the BET awards .. ooo
Love when an ass looks fresh and shaved.
Who's going to beach blanket bingo tomorrow
My this groin strain is the blow
viejo quien se afana los tuits? no se puede stalkear asi
The collective \"ohhhh!!!\" And\/or \"AHHHHH!\" amongst a big crowd of strangers, half-drunk in the daytime is why I love sports.
I hate a scheming bitch not just any scheming bitch but the type that scheme to them-self on you. Like Thot.... The fuck is you on tonite?
I'm trying to forget that I'm addicted to you
The guy next to me on this plane is a little too happy to be watching south parks
My birthday is in two days and I haven't bothered to make any plans, my friends are more excited about it than I am
I actually feel bad for Lebron he looks so miserable but he will get more championships.
wish someone could go down to south beach with me.
Hi it's I just changed the pass code on toms phone to the same as mine so I wouldn't have to remember two it's a good life
Days like today i wanna karate chop my mom in the throat
of you don't take your bra off after a long day. what are you doing with life
Get a few beers in me and I'm just a bitch
Just not in the working mood.....tomorrow I better get my required 8 hours sleep.....
Wooo USA scoring their first goal in the first 10 mins!
my dad is so hype and he's not even American
In the titanic, when rose gets to NYC and says her name is Rose Dawson I can't help but bawl
I hate how there's nothing on tv rn
PETITION TO MAKE THOSE WHITE GIRL ACCOUNTS THE FUCK AWAY FROM OUR FANDOM BC THEY GETTING RTS NOW AND WE TRUE FANS ARENT
The son with the daddy, so the daddy not texting the momma,,, -_-
It's romantic to be held. It's tragic to be held back.
Stomach cramps have gone away. Three cheers for time!
Good news, also ruled that today is a free day for face-punching anyone who persists in using the phrase \"post-feminism\"
\": Big Bird is 8 feet, 2 inches tall.\"I'll bang on him
Im about to change my life 360
I dont want it to be tomorrow
Costa Ricacacaca oh yes oh yes
On these road to riches niggas bound to miss a few turns, don't let the bridges that you cross turn into bridges you burn
each day, i start to resent this band a little bit more. i don't relish this feeling.
A little late but finally paying up on Heat to win it all bet vs
I can only watch full metal jacket up until the part when Pryor kills himself..
I'm definitely going to half the flyers home games this year
Whoever is in charge of eSchool should be promptly exiled to a deserted, uncharted island.
Told these hoes I'll be back around June
That was outside but wow, LaTroy Hawkins can still throw 96
Sure it's totally cool that searching for something on would freeze my console...where's the blue screen of death?
tron cat - tyler, the creator
Tbt when my fish died and my mother didn't tell me until I came home because she didn't want me to get too emotional at school
Didn't show up for project grad and the school called my house to 'inform my parents I was no where to be found'
I guess u can say you're at a low point when you and your best friend are watching cartoons
Shoutdown to being too tired to make my lunch for tomorrow or watch the movie I bought today
Spitting game at jason has been the only thing I've been good at.
It's 4:17 am. I'm eating BBQ chicken fingers with fries.
remember when shawn was singing cameron dallas song, well now he's on itunes with his first single
Sometimes I just have this roll, where I come up with like 5 brilliant tweets in a row. (Or at least what I call brilliant)
Ugh 280 is such a sausage feat right now
Hi john cena. All the best for ladder match.
Who wants to go running to the track?
QUE PUTO BOMBAZO CABRONES! \n\nGO USA!
You ever look at ya ex and be like he\/she is type ugly
3 workouts today got me feeling Great .
August is THE REALIST IN THE GAME!
That call with that special somebody really made me nervous
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must. ~ Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Everyone go and follow this beast, my bro
If I lay here long enough maybe the bugs will eat me whole.
We're all guilty of it yes, but some just don't know when to stop.
no need to thank me,
cant wait till my trip to Jamaica
Seen my very first film with !! savage stuff lad!
Mercy!!! This is what ppl live for!!
Im glad I can always go to Ben for anything.
Dont wanna play by the book, no rules.
Standing on the sidewalk outside a bar watching PKs on TV.
Courtesy of the Red, White and Blue on repeat all day
OH MY GOD 31 SECONDS
Piss break time, seeing how I just woke up
Think back to elementary school, did you imagine your life how it is? Or much different?
Why did you kiss me to make my heart beat out of my chest?
de los betas que uno se entera
\"Si quieres que algo te salga bien, no se lo digas a nadie.\"
Boy i tell yah, tweets sure do say A LOT !
Damn my mom finally saw my new tat
Alright gonna hang with family and stuff for the rest of the night. I'll tweet here and there. Adios!
How did I get a mosquito bite on my butt?
Damn these work weeks get more depressing
Hold Tight - Justin Bieber
Messi Messi Messi Mire qe pe Kqyr lojen :)
When I'm sick, take care or me! Simply as that.
My pit bulls playing with moths. Lmfao she's so cute
When someone interrupts you and then you forget what you were going to say &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Ooohhhh! Weeee! Navarro is sweating it!
Am I tripping for having a vision?\nMy prediction: I'ma be on the top of the world
I Hate When I Make A Typo Or Forget A Word, And Post It, Then Don't Realize It Till Hours Later
anyone wanna give me a ride to the fair tomorrow?
Everyone who considers themselves even a slight fan of this sport in this country: build a shrine to that man right there. Right now.
You are my double rainbow .
HEN RIK ... Am I right?
sat in front of target, parked so badly my car was across two spots, for 5 min debating on chipotle vs in n out.
Why am i getting subtweeted? LOL
Sometimes certain things need to happen. Not because we deserve it, but to learn what types of people there are out there.
Ima rapper girl sorry I can't sing to you..beautiful yes I like to dedicate tht name to u.
Sometimes I go through my following list and I don't remember the people I follow...that can't be good.
huge cheers in the bar for
So is there anything going on tonight or naaaw
On the balcony grippin the rail
I should have went to castle hill for some Dominican food &amp; tres leche
Nice hit, Dreamy Eyes - but of course, it got caught. At this late stage, any Hail Mary pass has hope.
578\/\/ you're always laughing and have such a positive attitude towards everything
I need to learn how to speak proper English.. Geez
The best kind of dissent there from Ronaldo. \"Well, I see your point, but it was a marginal call. If I was indeed offside, it was only just\"
K i jus hit myself in the face with a dumbell doing curls
Lol so fox better do a good job on gothem or they're going to have a lot pissed of Batman fans
Public request: please elaborate when talking about the soccer ball going between the legs of the goalie. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!
guess whos about to satisfy her in n out craving.......
No, no, not like the animal. It's M-O-U-S-S-E. Like \"crotch mousse.\"
Goal goal 2-1
On this day 4 yrs ago I got bird pooped on my leg whilst riding my bike to a friends house so I had to turn around to go home and clean up
if I have your last name in my phone that's technically equivalent to having emojis next to your name.
I can't wait to do laundry. I think doing laundry is mad fun tbh.
I'm such a family person with other families
\": Feelings don't die easily because we keep feeding them with memories. That's exactly why it's so hard to move on.\"
We do not exist in any other instant
I'm not mean I just like to speak my mind.
Ben Bruce is babe
Like ok I'm done with you
Live in the moment because once that moments over you will never get it back
Kawhi Leonard is a baller
About to see the lion king on broadway I am very excited to listen to Hakuna Matata
\"Only those who attempt the absurd...will achieve the impossible.\" - M.C. Escher
Also I ate like a pound of mussels and a pound of French fries cuz I'm trying to constantly stretch the limits of my stomach
We smoke weed like tony montana sniff yayo !
National Champs!!!!! Proud to be a 'Dore
Remember all the shit I have to do ASAP at 4 am...
Understand, but the Brassard line was able to possess the puck in the offensive zone, which is key to Vigneault's system.
Trynna keep it cold but yall don't understand
When I get caught with this fake id I'm done for lmao
I'm turning up in my room alone yey
However, I'm surrounded by family and friends that love me unconditionally.
\"Maybe I should Botox my tongue.\"-NM.
I'm so bored like what even is there to do right now
Thursday nights on 14th street be lit wit thotties of all shapes and colors because of Webster Hall
Platinums after graduation is a must've
\": \"I'm gonna bring over some pizza and then we can watch Netflix.\" \"
I wonder what it's like to leave my house and go out in public - oh wait I have no friends so I'll never find out
Alright. I'll say it. I can't do this. I'm emotionally vulnerable. Sh*t.
I told myself I was going to sleep too
I WAS SO SPEECHLESS I JUST STOOD THERE.
Sarah Palin 's IQ is below sea level.
I have a really bad obsession with my eyes
Jesus Greece's goalie has to go..
I need to stop talking to myself
my friends are the absolute best omfg
Okay I should start going home now! Before I get caught in more rain
I don't fuck with young niggas for alot of reasons.
That was annoying. Now we have to wait for tomorrow??? I want my fix satisfies now!!!
That nap today is about to be flawless
Pls refrain from sitting next to me on the train if you are going to squish me
the games today were pretty fun to watch
I can never say that im actually happy
Shotgun in the cereal box, gets em every time.
why is cory in the house trending on twitter
Kyle just TOLD ON HERSELF! She's soooooooo fucked right now!
I think I might be able to finish oitnb later on today after work , it's actually a pretty good show
I know I been blowing up twitter but I got a little more to say 1. Will release 0 to 100 2. have another song on the tape following it
1775: give me liberty or give me death\n2014: give me liberty or give me money
Finally! A new champion !
hey mom, can you help me roll this blunt
Sometimes, you just have to stop faffing about...\n\nGet your shit in one sock.\nStop pussyfooting around. \n\nAnd fuck her right in the pussy.
Don't need anyone who doesn't need me
Pretty much after a fan dm'd her because the hive w\/winnin\": Wait so she posted the link and shes only 100 likes ahead of Bey ?\"
I just wanna go back to firefly already
\"I feel like 1000 needles are poking me\"
I TURN 19 IN OCTOBER WHICH MEANS 2 YEARS TILL I BECOME A FULL BLOWN ALCOHOLIC
makes fun of u so u just go along with it so u dont look embarrassed lmao
Although she can be corny 70% of the time
So last night I had a dream I was on the Brooklyn bridge and I was afraid of it. But I'm opposite of afraid of it.
I just finished the last episode of Weeds on netflix. I feel pathetic, what do I do with my life.
Shout out to for making amazing clothing that I can't show off to the world because i have nowhere to go on the 4th
Holla @ t money woo woo
Spongebob is on the tv at Moe's
dam, I hate louis ck so much ... it makes me healthy, keeps my heart rate in the cardio zone, helps me lose weight, improves my outlook
Work on Fridays is so easy
Where can I watch the PLL episode from yesterday!?
Wow wow wow
I do want a tattoo tho
I am such a basic bitch when it comes to prom but idc
Hey offer O'Reilly a contract and trade picks for E. Kane.
Should have bought at least some sparklers yesterday at the Fireworks booth. Now today it's gonna be paaaaaaaacked.
THEY WANT TO RECALL THE MEXICO GAME??!!?? WHAT
Our generation is giving praise to all these vine and twitter people, meanwhile real shit is happening and no one cares
My brother is my fav boy in the world im obsessed
My mom caught a cramp and I laughed because she would laugh at me when I use to wake up in the middle of night crying
Big E's been watching his John Cena promos.
Drowning myself in coffee and City &amp; Colour
\"Is it just me or are my jokes getting better?\"
Fuck all that happy to be here shit that ya'll want me on
Don't you ever see a beautiful top\/dress and just decide it's TOO pretty for you? Cause it always happens to me.
Sango and Stwo are so good to me.
Pussy so good Gatta save that shit for later.
This summer I shall be golden. The beach will be my second home. I will basically become a mermaid.
Thats it. I no longer see returning to .
I refer to waking up this early for work as, quite simply, \"death.\"
did I just see you do a back tuck for little girls hahaha
I have mastered the art of daydreaming
don't play no games \ndon't say no names
I wouldn't want to love any other team. I love you
Kyle would have a stalker on her case... Not surprised at all!
Shane O'Neill is fucking insane. Wow!
You don't have a soul you are a soul, you have a body.
that's a pretty crazy stat. so stoppage time *really is* almost totally arbitrary.
We could probably see some resemblance of van dam in Rollins in this match
Ive learned to accept the cylce, I'll be waiting for the next phase.
you actually really annoy me
Currently under the influence of shrooms in this old ancient place. \n
People think they're low but I reeber everything anybody tells me
ive been very emotional these past weeks and i have no clue why.\nkinda creepin me out
I need a special delivery of Mac and cheese to my house right now please
Honey, I blew up the cream of asparagus soup.
This game is over. Lebron can't do it on his own
It so humid here that my hair will soon be a giant ball of translucent puff that covers my whole head.
If you do group rates and I get below a 9 ... Automatic black . Bitch dead just gave me a 7 .... And she's chopped !
Hit it pass it to my niggah
For the love of all that is good and holy, plz rerack your weights people. I will fight you
Can't tell if it's the caffeine or over tiredness that turns me into a dancer
I gotta out which one applies and futher apply that
Who Jermaine Jones.....Who Jermaine Jones......Who....Jermaine Jones
confessions forever one of the best albums tho
In my heart it's the five of us, in white houses
Bye bye bye ignoring your calls now
You do art, we live art..
I have such great communication skills with the bartenders. I'm hype lol
16130 wood acres rd Los Gatos
I'm reading The Maze Runner and I'm getting so ready to quit this book bc somebody's name is Zart. What the hell is ZART
At least Spain is gonna leave with 1 W
Like I'm seriously so fed up with this shit
my brother saw a gravestone and he asked me who rip was
20 minutes! Ahhh I'm so excited and curious!!!
I have the worst luck ever with girls....
on monday my parents are making me go to 'teen day camp' because i'm lonely
We're just friends?? What are you saying???
The things niggas do to me with they tongue amazes me....I could imagine wat they would do if I did have the crazy cake... sheeeesh
Not totally sure as to what's happening in Mechanicville but I'm also not really concerned either...oops
Dean ambrose and Roman reigns
I have never feared for my life more than I did today.
One day you'll pass her on the street with that guy you used to be
If you could be a princess which Disney princess would you be?
All because i wouldn't send him nudes poor justink32999
F*** mayor for raising rent!
Jabari Parker gonna be the best player on the Bucks for the whole year lol
2-1 is the score I always see for games..
Everytime I go to target I'm like I don't need a cart then when I'm walking to the checkout with my 46 items in my arms I wish I had a cart
That Kim kardashian game is mad addicting lmao.
It still has not hit me that its summer
HOLY SHIT DEMPSEY
Every single night and every single day\nI'mma do my thing, I'mma do my thing
My outfit for the usa game tomorrow &gt;&gt;&gt;
My mom said to use ketchup to make pizza .. Smdh
\"I know you think it's misogynistic but it's got a good beat I don't care\" -Maya on \"Rude\"
Lebron crying? Dang bruh.
mi hermana apenas esta en 7mo y esta q repara castellano y literatura q penA mi dios
Ex's only pop up when you post on instagram, i swear !
Why Busta Rhymes look like a giant homosexual
Asshole ate the vanilla sprinkled doughnut that I like ughh
Isn't it Ironic that we ignore the ones who adore us adore the ones that ignore us love the ones who hurt us and hurt the ones that love us
\"...TODAY WE CELEBRATE OUR INDEPENDENCE DAY\"-President Whitman
HUGE thx to for getting me to SMF! Off the air on at 3-SMF by 3:20-superman in the bathroom. In my 1st class seat by 4:10!
Get ratchet go dumb then go more dumb then we can keep it lit, let's roll
The acoustic version of Lay Me Down by Sam Smith is literally one of the best songs i've ever heard...crying
Things you hear at the Caltrain; people talking about urinating on each other &amp; clouded data
tune in to pix 11 tmw morning at 8:15 am EST to see me discuss
Breaking Bad writer Vince Gilligan did work on X-Files before B.B. You must check out episode called X-Cops (Season 7-12)
Do you know how I feel ?
I told this guy about my dick pics as hot dogs art and he said it's gross.
i love when people listen to me talk about tacos and dont mind at alllll
please please please stop pretending like you care
What??? Heartburn after 6+ slices of pizza?! Cc:
there is an asian man sprinting back and forth across the mall with no shoes on.
8:30 wake up is gonna be a rough one for sure
I mean at this point I would've rather faced Cashner. Wtf is even happening right now. Him getting scratched was meant to be good thing.
'Now I ain't saying she's a gold digger, but she ain't messing with no broke neighbor!'
I've been a lot happier nowadays. Just gotta keep on doing what I'm doing
Lawd my neice posting on her FB status she wanna go pole dancing.... ????
Noches de Colombia is already packed hahaha
I really really miss my SPRZ team.
I need to hurry up and get famous yo . Actually WE ( squadd )
I'm your one and only only when you're lonely
KSJC 260753Z AUTO 32005KT 10SM FEW016 BKN025 17\/14 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP151 T01720144 402330139
Playing hockey for 5 hours will really knock you out
I hate that I want to cry feeling for no reason lol ewww I'm a mess
2 Corinthians 3:4-6\/4 Such is the confidence that we have through Christ toward God.
Edc to SOME people means just going to have fun and make memories
Can wait for Debby's new album it's gonna be expect
I basically live in nike shorts, baggy tshirts, yogas and sneakers
She working hard like she tryna get a visa, the way she twerk it i just might pull out my visa
I finally let out everything I'm feeling and fuuuuuuuhhhhh
Once both my hammocks are hung in the apt I don't see me and Estef getting up...ever basically
Reportando desde San Jose CA, Here we go!
Tjhe media shld be wary of wild words as \"Unsere Stadt, Unser Stadion, Unser Pokal\" did not work out for Bayern Munich.
My summers gonna consist of being bored 95%of the time, sleep and eating unhealthy stuff
Gotta RT this again fam RT \": Stop taking fuckin pictures of weed u dirty ass bitches and learn how to cook a lasagna\"
This is honestly just a show about a girls boyfriend telling her she's too fat
People don't make me mad they just disappoint me
Some customer gave me 10 dollars for always makin his coffee right lol I couldn't take it doe
I bet I'm gonna get fucked over for the 2nd time. I just feel it coming
GOALLLLLL! Messi you're beyond amazing
So my dad literally kicked me out of the house bc ive been watching too much soccer...
Ypu look very handsome in your twitter pic
Rasheeda skin look so smooth ... Lawwwddd
DEMPSEY YOURE MY HERO
This nigga runnin for dear life cuz it's raining out
You wanna Glo up baby T got you
What is the best introductory iOS development book? Cc
I don't know why I am so dehydrated it's really uncomfortable
Where does one buy sparklers in NYC?
Super excited my Focus T25 has shipped any day now I will be starting my workout
It's suppose to rain later on which fucking sucks bc I just want to chill on my roof and listen to joyce manor
Let your heart, sweetheart, be your compass when you're lost.
Gimme gimme now
My forehead is it's own planet
Girls r salivating over me... who says that??
I just want to go on an adventure with you... That's it's
Can't live, can't breathe with no air
It's days like today that having a British girlfriend is fantastic
Your main nigga bout to turn his back on you and you don't even know it
If someone ever cheated on me, I would NEVER give them a second chance
They better not have a 3 some
I hate having to pull and pull for an answer.. just be straight up.. nobody feels like going through all that
I just want a nap, I would do anything for a nap
cream chese and potato bread is amazing
What type of jerseys have collars on them?
This is so nasty going on.
The heat just keep getting worse and worse smh
\"Let me in and I'll take off my shirt\" omg I'm gonna pee myself
After last night, it leaves you craving for more fights in Brooklyn! Soon enough we'll be back this summer. \n
BENSON IS ADOPTING THE BABY I KNEW IT
Don't worry Americans, even a Constitution hating radical like Barry Obama can't destroy our freedoms! Unless we are silent.
I Twilight was the one series that had me but nope Divergent has taken my soul
Never thought I'd see this day so soon. Goodbye I guess.
I just represented for bro-dom at : I even lift, and I root for a sportsball team un-ironically.\n\nAlso, I like IPAs.
Don't really know how I feel about Kim kardashins blonde hair
Seriously when my boyfriends upset he makes sure it's the whole worlds problem
Don't like friends, niggas acting, so it's me and bankroll
Q dove into the crowd at the end of Man of the Year and someone stole his hat. This prompted Q's body guard to put a dent in his face.
If you don't support Leslie, I don't support you
Yep I need another job.
I don't even know why I tweeted her. I don't even know who she is lol.
If you don't produce oxygen then i don't need your stinking ass
No matter your opinion on RTs editorial direction, a journalist died and that always sucks.
Sometimes long walks on the beach with the company of your music can change your day completely.
Learn the difference between there, their, and they're, between then and than, and between your and you're. You're a junior in college....
I'm happy I get to spend forever with him
Im so anxious and upset and depressed and
Delta airlines needs to check a fucking radar. Not a cloud in the sky, no need to cancel my third rescheduled flight to Pitt. Delta sucks.
Well that was a fun morning of horsepower and 100+ mph races. And I still have the entire day left.
Keep your hands in the air of you're spendin' the night
I swear I gotta think of something I'm about to lose it all
There is absolutely nothing that I enjoy more in life than spending time with my beautiful family.
Fresh and local is always best! We deliver farm fresh local produce to SF Bay Area people! \n
Even after all the good and the bad times I still smile when I think of you
You know drive thru cuse i dont want anyone seeing me walk in
She love my smile no matta how chipped my tooth is
kick down doors for ya\ndropped all my hoes for ya
I'm in love with cities&amp;countries I have never been to and people I have not met!
Can't tell what's a lie and what isn't
nani being nani
When you think about it every champ has been coached by Phil Jackson Jordan and Kobe. Bron is next
Biggest. Baddest. Richest. And fastest.
Made my own batch of salt water.
bae with another save to keep us in it
- When you first showed me the kitten girl you knew I was a freak
Family just keeps getting better like a fine whiskey, its only smooth once you use to it
Your snap chat should not be longer than 45 seconds. I really don't care about your day that much!
How do i express anger in a tweet
Yes, it's Fourth of July BUT VAMOS BRASIL!!!!!
\": I'm tryna fight you\" say dat
Fml. Diddy didn't pee and his carrier is not fitting under the seat!!!! Yikes! What now?
My foot is still in pain from the accident, i'm not prepared for these essays tomorrow, and i cant watch OTH. I hate this
Why the fuck is her wearing female uggs
Right when I bet money with my dad messi made the goal wtf
I get pissed at losing in UFC, my gf gets pissed at me for getting pissed at losing in UFC. Endless circle of hate going on right meow
Bish I'm high, but not high enough\nLet's get more to rolllll\nLet's get it, hop up in our ship and rolllll
Just cause our relationship is being kept on the low does not mean you act shady towards me
Ryy &amp; Ash are the Debbie downers of group I tell ya lol
Yeah I just got heytell that's right
Everything is really making me laugh tonight. I'm telling you this has been one good fucking day!
Can we all just say fuck the rain and do something?
Juli se llega a enterar que nos hablamos asi con facu y me mata :s
screw my sister for getting in my business and ratting on me when she's not even apart of my life, thanks hun nice talkin to yaaaaa
I hope Cena is on the cover of WWE 2k15. The internet would explode if he is.
Stomach viruses are a real ball buster
Remember when DJ Khaled proposed to Nicki Minaj? Lol dumb ass, it must be so awkward at YMCMB meetings hahaha
judged in my own god damn house
Never watched an episode of .\nNever watched any Love and HipHop show.
My aunt and uncle are way to cute
Nothing is better than pita bread and yogurt sauce. . NOTHINGGGG
PLUS, ain't no one give a shit about any other time, why all the sudden everyone is a soccer fan?
USA bout to eliminate Portugal lets go!!!
My mind is not on point my eyes still see lights I feel there bass and music in my system
Congrats to fellow Massapequan on getting drafted by the wish nothing but the best for this guy
In Ramadan,Allah prohibited permissible things in fast.Should we not then abstain from those things that were forbidden frombefore?
Happy Birthday !!! Have a great day!!
So FIFA might redo the Mexico game or not?
Wtf was that Bosnia
Why're bitches mad on twitter rn??
I rather hangout with myself than people......is there something wrong with me or everyone else ahahha
Today I found a plastic spoon in my bag and in the pocket of my peacoat
I'm like 1000 lvls of annoyed rn.
There are some things I will neverrr understand
What the fuck if some boys went out to fight tonight and didn't tell us. You fucks are done.
I wonder what pick will be in the draft. He's number 1 in my book
I am that nigga, I been that nigga, I fucked yo nigga, then he wanted me to be his nigga
Just woke up from a good nap now to get energy and clean this stupid room
Bout 3AM; 3 PTS hauled to da ICU, 2 PTS dun started seizing, &amp; 1 PT dun took off his gown talmbout nw who else wanna fuck w\/Hollywood Hulk?
Submitting the paperwork to schedule a vacation feels almost as good as the actual vacation!
What is the best free email service to use for your custom domain? Both gmail and MS costs $$ now.
Im guessing USA scored
People in Costco are hella rude. It's like the moment you enter, all politeness stays outside. It's just food, shit.
calls out for not being at game, yet doesn't show up to game.
Mexico! Ya se armo!!! Chicharitoo a jugar!!!!
2 games for my tournament tommorow
Lebron is 2-5 in the finals... That will forever tarnish his greatness
Remember when putting feathers in your hair was cool? Lol
My favourite thing about technology is how we come up with terms and then have many conferences to argue about what we meant by them.
There's pink pigeon shit on my truck. That's new.
I miss going to shows like everyday
Literally bye to everyone at northern honestly goodbye
laughing way to hard at that lol lol
me on IG: Bubblesz_xO
99 problems and my boobs occupy about 98 of them
Goodness gracious where would this team be without Tim Howard
Well if you're bored and need a buddy. I'm doing a lot of nothing at my house.
\": \": What's everybody insta name ?\" Ayooyani\" yungvtrilla
Happy birthday to greatest country on the planet
\"Let's do this right now\" is what I'm trying to say
If I lived somewhere else I would so get a puppy.
I hate seeing beautiful girls go to waste
I walked downstairs in a towel to get clothes from the basement and Sue glanced over and was like \"oh nice, new shorts??\".. Shape up Sue
The French win again with the best kit
C u 9:30 @ our place.Definitely esp shopping w some of our friends.
It smells like gel on this train &amp; terrible cologne I'm really gonna throw up
Lie about one thing and you'll never be trusted again. There's your warning.
he just fucked up for Greece
Don't come in my room .
\"How do sharks make babies?\" \n\"Very... Carefully? \"\n
I don't even drink but I wanna get drunk, oops
Don't think I've ever been more excited for a long hot shower and a comfy bed
He's wearing Uggs. It's hot af. Well Uggs were made for the summer so shrugs
You can spot me in the background here drinking a bunch of water
its not a bluff its all you have
I'm tired of complicated people with a complicated story. Don't give me that \"it's complicated\". You have the power to make it simple!
all these *~philosophy~* accounts are following me bc I tweeted about my outlook on young alcoholism
I can't wait for \"Think like a man 2\"
Spent the past 5 days at my lady's house now I'm finally back at my grandmas house
San Antonio gonna be so turnt up tonight
You don't know me or not even trying too. so everything you say or think of me is Casper the friendly ghost
today i got fought over by customers so that was pretty cool i guess (not rly)
You have the audacity to grill me while you rocking fake trues? Respect yourself my brother.
If your tweet count was the amount of $ in your bank account, how well would you be doing?
see when I try to be direct I'm just tryna be \"tough\"
It's so hot in aptos :C
Il me fait de la peine fallait que je le rt.
Al final todo termina en un mismo lugar....
tiffanys pee was like gray and green
My brows kinda sorta need Jesus right now
I hate when things\/someone are too good to be true.
ok im partially recovered and am going to watch grease cya
At this point can we call Orlando bloom a poor man's Kit Harrington?
She's so cute when she's cute
It's horrible watching ronaldo play injured!
Don't know if it's the alcohol but this beautiful woman is sounding better and better!!!
\": if u gain weight while dating a guy that should show you that's he's not right for you\" :O
Bumping to my man at 11 is all I need to start my morning right
I would put the game on a second after Dempsey scores the goal
History began on July 4, 1776. Everything before that was a mistake.
Soo that pretty much wraps up my summer exercise routine
Get on the jhene aiko train
Lee Barnes Klay and next 3 years draft picks for Lebron and I'll like the guy
My ootd for this video was going to be so FUXking RAD bit I'm not going I asked my mom to take me but she doubt wanna :(
Deadass getting bullied on twitter today I'm really not feelin it
Fastest goal in the WC goes to and
I can't barely converse ... I need to vent to some papers .
When she dances she goes and goes.
shit am i on tweet limit why cant i rt
MC Ren is the only villain
Twitter foot note has broken 1 of hers.Details incomplete at this time.She has been unable to tweet,so probably her right one
Happy July 4th to my family in US
They rather be content than take a chance
How could someone not be watching the US game rn
My father talk so fucking loud like my nigga how u a hallway away and I can hear your whole convo? Like I'm Tryna SLEEP
Wave that flag .. Wave it wide and high !!
Like 5 niggas slept over my house last night
Seeing with and the beeeeeest
BUT STILL LIKE WHY ARE RODENTS TRYING TO FUCKING KILL ME
Dempsey !!!!! 31 seconds in !!!! !!
That was an absolute bomb!!
So I'm the slut when I got cheated on you're right
I always have to tell my mom I'll do Heroine or Angel Dust if she starts rambling. I'm crazy
\": where is it?\"
You can't talk shit about me if you took out a car note and the car was only $20K, rules are rules lmao
Today I stretched my muscles, which I haven't done in months. It felt so good! !
Pharrell can wear whatever and its wavy he just a flee cat
At least we got ice cream!!!
not really pumped for these world cup games td
La la la la la la la la la la la la la
Slowing down a queen bee will swallow your hive and you'll become lonely
30 FUCK SECONDS
Every opportunity I have I'm jumpin on that bitch full throttle
The struggle is so real rite now ha
Counting down the hours, minutes and seconds.
Can never find the right time.
I don't know how to feel I'm happy and sad this is the literal worst game
But I can wait for a long time lol
The fact that you would chose a boy over your friend
I kinda wanna climb a windmill and hold onto one of the blades and spin with those motherfuckers
is better than Hobby Lobby anyway
I wish there was a way to watch all my previous snapchat stories that I've ever posted.
My dad is such a deep sleeper. I could literally have a party and he wouldn't know.
I want all the otter pops
Y'all wanna see a picture of my ass?
so these hispanics wouldn't root for the U.S. in the world cup, yet they're more than happy to celebrate the 4th of July -_-\n\n
Can't ever really see myself living outside of california
People always think I look mad but I'm not ..
It doesn't feel the same with out her
I am so frappin busy working backstage I haven't been able to take any pics...but having the TIME OF MY LIFE...
You're always there for them but they're never there for you. Typical asses
Where the ones who said they'll always be here, who were my bestfriends ? Funny how all of them come and go
The heat must have the most fake fans out of every NBA team smdh
Operation get Meag to Long Island is in motion
This movie is so scary I can't even look
Here comes the part you and me arguing about nothing
THESE HOES AINT LAURA * voice*
Almost 2 hrs. on the road
How come turning super saiyan make you more Aryan?
Argentina despierta, Argentina presente, grande Leo.
Porque las mujeres sanas no me hacen caso? \nNo soy tan malo como parezco... Solo un poco incontrolable.
Why does leg hair grow so fast
I think all that's gonna help at this point is Lana.
Thank you, ! It takes one to grow, er I mean know one! Have a great weekend, everyone!
Have somewhat of a black eye.. Ok how
I hate when ppl depend on a significant other for happiness. Nah you don't need a boy to make you happy. Make yourself happy.
i thought i bombed physics, trig &amp; the sat too but somehow, god blessed me. god is really the bro
So lucky to live in a beautiful country with free refills
Was really all those years ago?
N that'll be all for tonight (: (: (: I know I know... You too.. Whatever you're saying to whoever is reading this :p
That's altidores world cup over. .
Proud to be an America.. Where at least I know I'm freeee.. As long as you don't mind the gov tapping your phones and emails
Cause usa plays germany so I figured I can balance out both very important events
I don't get when customers come in and are like idk why I always come back here LIKE BITCH WHY DO YOU COME BACK THEN? TO COMPLAIN OR WHAT?
Beyond pissed I'm missing right now
My eyes are the only thing I don't wanna take off of you
\": George Kontos optioned to triple-A post game today. \" this blows
Justin is sooooo fake. I'm over him!!!!
I need to re-dye it black !
So weird to me how many people have never really traveled outside their respective part of the country\/world
To become spring, means accepting the risk of winter. To become presence, means accepting the risk of absence.
I mean... Damn, these people are retired, hella drinking, eating cake, and being like FUCKIT!!!
need to get my eyebrows done asap
Fuck these other \"bitches\" I'll be right by your side till 3005 lol
football players flop too much smh that shit is corny
Spitting in someone's face is deff one of the most disrespectful things you can do .
I have so much to get off of my cheat but of course I can't any time soon.
My ankle is so done lol.
if you read\/listened to mine and danielles conversations, youd think im the older sister
my headphones are in for a reason ya know
You don't win anything for pissing someone off you miserable bitches.
And how the hell did not that deserve at least a yellow card?? It was a header and the guy kicked up his leg for what?
Demain les gens chez qui je vie peuvent faire ce qu'ils veulent, moi je regarde le match
I haven't left the house in 3 days lol
Can't wait till I get a car so I can just take a drive somewhere and get away from everything for a while..
i need a full body massage
That is balls to the walls football, damn
she wanna fuck Chris she wanna fuck drake
There's a video on snapchat of james legitimately picking his nose without knowing I was filming lmfao
not sure why I always watch House when I'm sick, I just end up convincing myself I'm dying
2 a 1 bien ahi ARGENTINA:)
STOP FOLLOWING ME TO UNFOLLOW ME BC I NOTICE
I really want this yr to be over already
These stairs of mine are going to be the death of me!!! Lol this time I was a lioness crawling down to my kids and they were hyenas!!
It's an eastvale tradition to go to the carnival, you're a bitch if you think you're too cool to go
Listening to Bird Song by the dead to start the morning, every morning
I really want the new Red bull
wow shopped til I dropped. I'm exhausted
Spending 4th rolling around in bed with sister and sending international emails as well as editing interview photos from yesterday.
Passed 3 paneras in jersey and I finally got my mom to stop at one
Getting my permit tomorrow. Thats it. Time to get off my ass and start growing up.
That \"Sexyback\" routine they did by Wade Robson is literally STILL one of my top five routines so classic
Who got the ring this year???? Lmaooo are y'all going to game 6 lmaoo
I said it! The banku and kenkey is almost done digesting.
\"i mean we can really get it, we can go for it\"
Y'all Heat fans are mad.
I don't watch football, but I'm guessing USA scored a goal.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME
These are A1 penalties being taken.
It's gonna be sad to see Colombia lose today because the game is fixed or cuz of the refs
Can't believe it's been almost a month what
Nice little penny ride
There are shots of such beauty in Kubrick's Barry Lyndon, that they could be out of a painting...
When you dig my grave, make it shallow so I can feel the rain
reading infinite jest to be able to tell people Ive read Infinite Jest
Stars &amp; Stripes MLB hats just been getting uglier and uglier bruh
I am a broke college student bc of the loans I've taken out to attend this university and you're still gonna ask for more money?
I need USA GEARRRRR!!!!
There are just so many beautiful things in this world that I have yet to discover.
His family is preventing him lol what a loser
Clint Dempsey please father my children
Pride was so cute. So cool that I got to be in the parade for my first NYC pride.
\"Simply Sensational Strike!!! \"
\": trippin of these relationship goals nd shit why dont you think about life goals\"
The indictment of MSM in general. Is that THEY R EQUALLY RESPONSIBLE 4 drumbeat 4 war. As it's architects r Chenney, Bush McCain!
To everyone with small boobs who have read Alyssa's tweets and have not caught the feelings; you're the real MVP
Relaxing &amp; then shower , Gata it the bed early , got a orientation tomorrow , &amp; early morning too \/:
Internpreneur - let your millenial interns make a difference in your company by getting out of their way.
I don't even get ready anymore , all my jeans and non gym clothes , street shoes are all dusty
Sometimes I still can't be live I live in New York
When Someone Retweets A Person I Dont Like I Unfollow Both They Asses And Whoever They Conversate With
Watching this nbc special on diagon alley is making me miss the hp book releases. I'm 26 &amp;would still camp out for another midnight release
girl meets world is on tn and i dont want to be disapointed
Holy sexy goal
Everbody going hard on Kim K.... but truth is All moms with a man suck dick.... and all that have babies kiss them.
How is pretending to be a girl and getting a guys nudes funny?
I wanna chill with the homie again
Can someone come pick me up before I flip out
RIP MIA. still the best in the world right now though
Hearing the crowd boo every time Ronaldo has the ball gives me so much joy
After volunteering my time at the Free Clinic for 2 days, I feel like I am closer to heaven!
Change is a must for Miami
Seriously tho. If you can't tell me the difference between hip hop &amp; rap, then we got a real fucken problem.
Missed watching England play because I was watching hockey, now watching USA play with a bunch of yanks. Traitor.
So unbelievably pissed.
I have absolutely nothing going for me
Last night was real son
4th of July is one of my favorites too:\/
Am I the only one not watching the game
Successfully just back out of Blake's driveway I'm pretty proud lmao
Let's get all of the good friends together and head to the beach for the 4th and camp on the sand or we all pitch for a hotel room.
Valerie just killed the challenge and gained a ton...back in middle of pack
Keeping it in a good state is really exhausting.
*goes to long island once* \"Bruh we boys\"
My son asleep lol I can stop driving around now. On my way home to shower and sleep!!!
My parents just cancelled my plans... SICK
I don't usually lock my truck, but when I do it's pouring rain and my key gets stuck.
Son if trey Burke got traded to the bucks ima be tight
Bruhh.. the color Pink is actually beautiful..
Who else puts headphones in then forgets to turn on music for like ten minutes
If the Nintendo fans could hear the conversation we're having...
\": You're a joke\" wow at me next time
Writing cover letters is not my most favorite thing.
Just received my order in less than 24 hours! No more lines, no more trains, no more hassle.
Who wants to buzz my head for me I'm sick of my hair dude
The bachelor is so over but sometimes I sit in my room and still hate on Clare and her entire life
When your grandma knows something's wrong and you have to hide your face so she believes you when you say your just tired.
guys that can ACTUALLY freestyle are lightweight attractive.
PSA: EVERYONE GO WISH A HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY!
Every single night these birds right outside my window decide to sing all night long.
He's such a piece of trash, I know it, you know it, literally everyone knows it. Why u keep going back to him is beyond me. It's disgusting.
.I find them under my bridge LOL! He is especially lumpy --&gt; &lt; --
fuck a fake friend where ya real friends at.
do the drugs, don't let the drugs do you.
Bitch ain't got no arms and she bustin ass
Why would Kris Jenner post that video on Instagram like honestly it makes her look like such a weak and poor parent
keeper was just like \"fuck\"
Softball Sundays :)
Broo the speed limit really 25 mph
GET EM CLINT SORRY FOR THE DOUBT FREEDOM BOYS
Some eggs, kimchi, and canned chili for dinner sigh, first thing I ate all day
maybe you should follow me and ! Please ily tay
If you're over 200 lbs overweight, you're not going to sneak into line to get on the train.
I swear, I feel like I'm the only person who still hasn't gotten 2048 on 2048. Lol.
According to Karuna, Nicole is Bae ;D
Not sure if he's straight or gay but he keeps getting me drinks so who am I to argue with that!? Maybe just a really nice guy ..who knows!
Heart break doesn't last forever maybe a long time but not forever
I do think guys should spend $ on their girl but sometimes you gotta spoil him
\"I hope they get married and then it just fails\"
You the bae and everything but you be fronting for the gram and twitter like we not sisters
\": me: eats a snack while making a snack\" story of my life
The new movie was WAY better than I expected. Kudos! Hoping is just as good if not better.
I am not above retweeting compliments about myself.
I live for my nipple rings they are so cute ( . ) ( . )
Wouldn't it be cool if a Twitter fresh start virus wiped out all Followers and previous Tweets and everyone got rebooted to ZERO everything?
Mask up broski lets do it right
Aye the new IOS 8 looks tight af yo
Seen Penieli's fence &amp; I laughed so hard thinking, \" daaaum, only if...\"
My dad asked me if I have called Monika and I was like no and he's like why lol no comment
\": You finally done?\" Just got home!
MY NEXT TWEET WILL BE MY 4k THE ANTICIPATION IS KILLING ME
80 ppl hospitalized already? Dayummmmmm not even at the most ratchet of all the shows. Oh well ...
This blue polish looks nice on me
Why does everyone have on white?
kl bsah keringin dong,dhe :D RT : ciyee ketangkep basah ciyee wqwq :D\"
oh yeah no doubt, always. RT : yeah but appreciate the little things
It's got amazing music and talent and it's a great\/inspiring story. I wish more people would go see it
Where are you now? Now that I need you?
Aayyeee 4th of July, it's lit!
Sometimes you gotta block that number to get your mind right
Why are my tweets being raped right now
I got a little nervous there, but right choice was made
Met toooo many ppl from sac &amp; the bay in the past 3 days
Chem and history are really gonna bend me over
The little gossip girl theme song is my jam!
I should probaly go to sleep but I'm not
I didn't know there was so many soccer fans in Connecticut, WOW!
Everyone has a scar with a story behind it....
So is it a beach day or na?
Why must people talk on their cell phones shouting at the top of their lungs in airports? I'm sure they can hear you babbling idiot
