Oh my God Bosnia finally flipping scored
Why do my guy friends always add me in group chats just to show me the sext they got from a thot
Man I jus want someone to tell me I'm cute and grab my ass. Is that too much to ask for ?
I feel like I've been in New York for ages feel like I live here to be honest.
american know i had to cop that foreign.
I hate when people just diagnose themselves as bipolar because their mood changed in a matter of five minutes.
If u know im a bulls fan fav this tweet
i hated jay's verse on guess who's back, shoulda been it off and let kanye spit, fuck
Don't worry bout it, don't worry bout it, don't worry bout a mothafuckinn thing.
Benadryl Nap over.. now lets get shit done. Yea?!
My idol and my strength will forever be Kayleigh Melissa Shultis.
I would ask her but she's world traveling.
Needless to say I'll be getting it fixed tm morning if anyone was worried
This sucks , sun burn and a cold
walking by the bom broadway theatre like baBY COME BACK
DEIANA BE SEARCHIN THE MOST RANDOM. I GO ON HER LAPTOP AND SHE HAS A TAB OPEN ON HOW TO MAKE A SWISS ROLL CAKE. IM CRYING.
Always lose track of how long I'm supposed to be on break
dear god let me go back to sleep
Dempseys making history this World Cup
Nothing like a double back to back \"Fear Of God 2\" and \"My name is my name\" oh no a road trip... Killing the high way.
The teen wolf title things always give me goosebumps wtf
Where can I trade my immune system in for a new one
Curious yet disinterested in who'll win the contest between the 2 women next 2 me at the bar discussing who TOTALLY uses more lip gloss.
Its as if di maria doesnt even have a right foot lmao. Rabonas for dayssssss
Waking up to my dog throwing up on the carpet...
people talk so much shit about me at barbershops, \nthey forget to get their haircuts.
Why? I did it over and it was long?
i hate being a bad influence infront of my little cousin.
Ugh! How did I just switch Tweetbot into dark mode?
Whatever you do just don't fuck with my money
Niggas really don't wanna see u happier than them.
Just watched on NFL Network make that killer catch putting the Rams in the Super bowl!
Well that date was perfect please shoot me now as I catch feelings.
Last night was interesting..
\"Alone in this world just keep climbing young man\"
CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!
Besides the first 3 minutes USA has been seriously outplayed
OMG MY FAMILY IS STILL ON THE PENALTY. GET OVER IT
Pretty sure I know whodat is now
who did Shawn wright life of the party for..?
has to be the BEST show ever
I talk to myself because i have no friends
Ohhhhhh helllllll noooooo that ending aight I'm done with this manga for tonight
I feel like Joe Biden would throw a chill Independence Day barbecue.
I hope tye tribbet or whatever perform he turned it bruh
There comes a point where there's no more you could do
I lied I'm back bc I can't sleep
a quick recap from tonight:\n1: I miss Cali\n2: Apparently Im Kelsey's side roommate\/ bitch next year\n3: girls are two-faced\n4: screw sleezers
Every time I hear the door open I pray it isn't rob cause he just awkwardly looks at me, waits for me to talk to him (I don't) then leaves..
I'd rather have one night than nothing forever .
Should of taken that hit off the pipe so I could knock the fuck out
Now hyundai tweeted me wonder if I can get a new car
\"It's not even leather, man! It's polyester! I bought an expensive condom!\" - (Guy Code) hahahaha
What a shot wow ronaldo is so good
\"I work in back, I see no smiles\"
I've gotten two hours of sleep in the past three days.
The worst is when a yawn turns into a hiccup.
Jay and Bey only there to promote the tour... which is a smart business move.
there are no grand theories but U, guys
But if you decide to put multiple x's in ur username ur just looking for pics
Great to see the Supreme Court's ruling on the case this morning
Sorry for thinking this game had auto saves. It was stupid of me to assume that a game released in 2014 would have this feature. My bad.
I got shit I need to get off my chest
TSwift kind of mood
I just wanna set off some far wurks and drinks a bunch of coors light!
damn when you get hit with the \"possibly\"
I'm awake and ready to go by 8AM. On my way to the Coliseum.
Lol the little flags are so cute!
Guarantee I get a 100 on this Spanish final without studying
Girls with flat stomachs who eat like a man: how?
Lately I've been in a funk so it must have been fate that let me win a lottery to see again. I am so inspired by her talent.
But I'm still I sore as to why it's out. This was not a sex party.
We needa get Fabian Johnson running down the sides again
After running with Dad
What in the flying fk is going on in Star Wars
I love being with all my sisters
You know that im taken and committed\nSo stop trying to take away my happiness
I want to spend my days on the beach
Yall know us Mexican women are winning!
I think I don't need sleep. Then I stay up for like 24-36 hr, and then Ik I was wrong
\"Slowly drifting. Drifting away. Wave after wave. Wave after wave.\" .Probz
just waking up and trying to open my eyes is Awfullll
im bout to stay out willingboro.
Elders take the win
Fun little note: I just walked past Brian Henson.
Messi is filthy
this down south music takin over ! Wassup New York ?
Those almost home after 45 day road trip feels
I don't understand the song
Lil Wayne ? *turns off tv*
Take me back to Friday nights and playing football as a young sophmore
Drama queens, though, f'real
Yo me la paso stalkeando a cualquiera porque puedo y mi vida es muy triste como para tener mejores planes.
Ser Venezolano se traduce en ser valiente y esforzado
Where are all my thots doe
Also wtf is the point of having a Play button on the DVD player if it doesn't do shit?
A massage would be nice :)
I been gaining and losing weight on &amp; off since I was 14 it's so unhealthy . I went from thick to skinny like 6 diff times
Nick Cannon has too much money bruh, nigga just gives no fucks
Eating dinner and trying to figure out what I'm going to eat after dinner......
I got free taco bell today FREE
\"I'm a bachelorette wanna-be\" - sue. Every week.
u were there the day b4 verdict with
He just shouted me I LOVE YOU TOO BABE
Only in : Bulldog riding skateboard solo in Central Park!
taking the hubcaps off your rims makes your car aerodynamic, and boosts your top speed regardless of transmission limitations
\"Next Generation Science Standards\" - phased in over next couple of years. Each site just tweeted meets these standards!
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.
I'm not arguing with a nigga that let white people kill black niggas with no retaliation go start a protest with your Florida ass
I just realized I'm going to be 18 when Liz throws her party, I'll buy everyone stogies
I really want to wear a suit &amp; tie
I favorited stephs tweet and she thinks its okay for her to text me? Naaahhhh
I fuck with all my followers onhere idk about real life though I might walk pass you even if I recognize you
No your not getting a silver Beamer your not fooling shit bro stop
eu quero idolizar essa carta da umi. q merda, caralho..
That was a perfect example of baseball gods\/ball doesn't lie. did nothing wrong. But deserved those runs
Whenever I get married I wanna write my own vows
My heart races knowing I'm closer to hearing is voice.
Come through and let me make you a cortado
I honestly feel like im wasting my day rn
Y'all be sleeping on the 9's man . Watch this
Fucking fuck fuck fuck fuck me
My biggest pet peeve would have to be when people are unprepared.
Are you done with high school yet? HA HA HIGH SCHOOL BABIES
The amount of times and i got hit on in the city todayy
Tomorrow is my last day of work then I get 2 days off!! YAY!
Didn't even want summer to come truthfully !
the time difference throws me off a little
You know when it's summertime in NYC is when a whole bar smells like armpits
Nah Seth Rogen is the funniest white guy ever.
Walking upstairs with just a flashlight in the dark by far the scariest thing I've ever done.
It's crazy how one person can take up so much of your time
Anyone know when Belt will start for SJ Giants? Just want to clarify, I thought I heard it was tomorrow.
Two things I can't wait for, the cruise, and college
You know you live in a baseball family when you come home at midnight and walk into the beginning of \"A League of Their Own\"
How the hell could I relate to a Thai joke? How?
Don't call me, I won't call you. Let's call it over.
WHEN Im all choked up and you're okay
she really had the thickest booty tho
\": Good read on the pressure of being the next &lt;insert proven NBA legend&gt;\" Kawme Brown
He's not there now, but there is one man who is always at his desk-- it could be 7 in the morning, it could be 11 at night. :(
the Chinese people fucked up my order so I got free chicken &amp; broccoli
going 80 in a 40, dodging cars and driving in carpool is the only way to go
Im gonna need 35 coffees today
DEANDRE YEDLIN I LOVE YOU
Not tryna take this exam tomorrow.
So many movies I want to see but I'm too cheap to pay for the ticket
Did someone really just shit all over the toilet? Wtf
Nah jk.. Exposing can get you killed .
So excited to see moosh and twist again on Thursday. AND I don't have to go all the way to the city again.
I don't even let niggas kiss me what makes you think you going give dm head
You really see who's there and who's not .. When it's roughest moments in life and some don't even reach out.
I want Huff socks, but with my dad being a cop that's not happening.
I fuxking hate lotus seed pods
It's shows you who cares and who doesn't.
Eat for Free! Spend $100 on furnishings and we will deduct the cost of your meal in our restaurant. Offer valid 7\/4\/14-7\/6\/14. Eat 1st
Foreign people pretend like they don't know how to tip when they actually do. Weird, right?
My uncles logic-&gt; Pay me a dollar and I'll talk to you.
After living under a rock for the past few years I'm finally making some progress with
Fourth place trying to find breakfast and every place has over a half hour wait..
Marsha Ambrosius is a different kind of beautiful. That's a bad woman.
Working around models all the time really makes me want to drop a few pounds and by that I mean a lot
Strangest night of my life
\"That's because there is no pain\" fUCK
All those inhibitions, girl just run away from them
I'll try to only replay this song 9 more times
Why must I be a reader. Like my life sucks cause I get super absorbed into these stories that aren't real and break my heart
SUNNY D IS ON SALE FOR A DOLLUHHHH IS IT MY BIRTHDAY!?!?!
I hate when i smell like body Oder
After this Micheal Jackson song ima start listening to the BANDO MUSIC
We haven't talked in 10 months, really don't wanna start again
this nigga gave me his email &amp; said to hit him up on there like uh you're hella old no
\"Mi dios es un reloj que nos estresa haciendo tic tac\"
I'll wait for yo bc honestly I don't want anyone else
New York really has absolutely no stars. Black smogg filled ass sky
Leonard for mvp
WHERE MY TJ MAXXINISTAS AT ON THIS 4TH OF JULY!?!? HOLLERR
Messi es magnifico!!
It's sick how many episodes of OITNB I've watched in the past 24 hours
I haven't even received my credit card and I already received my first statement.
Because the streets are just a another way of killing your self and the ones who love you !
Just caught my first fish haha
If I knew there were guys who looked like Rickie Fowler golfing I might have watched it more
\": princess &gt; sweetheart &gt; love &gt; honey &gt; babe &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; bae\"
I don't understand the fake jerseys some people be rockin
all I do is think and think and think and think
Searched all over ... Nobody greater than you...
Jessica why u screen hiring shit
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
Rubymy remix is we fell in love in an office space lmfao
I never expected it to be that easy. I should stop . Few people are so easy to deal with.
\"I just had sex. I'm about to eat nachos. THIS IS THE GREATEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE.\"
Daaaamn I downed that burrito bowl hella fast!
well i need gas and a tow truck will be the only thing with gas around here. Oh and cars cant come up until near midnight.
how do u say 'you have a cool face' in any language but English
23:03 KJ6HOT (adam) on W6\/CT-054 (Bertha Peak, 2500m, 8pt) 14.3425 ssb [NS7P]
I played soccer for about 20 minutes and I have the worst back ache ever this isn't gonna be good..
Imagine if Danny Green could make a shot tonight.
Dempsey's injury is legit tho
Hey. Lighten up. It's Sunday. Have some fun, Damn It! Get out there and truly enjoy this beautiful day!
Music got me feeling so free, were gonna elevate and celebrate dance so free, one more time
If were gonna go out in flames lets go out in a blaze
FIFA la USA!!
My mom be soo stressed out lmfao I be weaaak
Waitress-Did you ever see The Social Network? Andrew-yes. Waitress-Because you look like Jesse Eisenhower! My son-I get that all the time.
\": One day I'll find someone who's okay with what I'll be doing for a living\" it'll happen. Just wait on it.
He'll never abandoned his jeep that was the cutest thing ever I want to mARRY STILES
Another great night at utica Rome speedway. is sitting below be hehe!
You see the thing is that I like you but I also want to stab you...
Lol the high school rivalry on my town is too real.
Who needs a follow me Jacob ?
Dunno about you guys but nearly ten months of almost non stop work and hardly any play has worn me down considerably.
Anybody out in Vegas or Los Angeles hit me up, let's hang. This is my vacation time!!!
i wish there was a thunderstorm right now
jacob wants a jai brooks follow, eh?
\"My summer nights consist of partying\"\nMy summer nights consist of unhealthy food, drinks, and a shit ton of GTA
H-2 VOUS ETES PRETS !!!!?
Don't wait too long. Life takes unexpected turns, and sometimes we don't always have the time we think we have.
An Aussie in an Irish pub in New York, chatting with Portuguese about the Argentina match at the World Cup
give me all the egg bagels and iced chai lattes in the world.
Going home is never going to be the same after this
You deleted me? Omg let me go cry my eyes out
Woke up with a cold and a stye on my eye. This holiday's gonna be great I can feel it
Damn, yesterday was really fun. Thanks . Great seeing and meeting tons of people on a beautiful night in NYC
.has released a press statement stating \"we should have booked ....he would have saved yur lyfeszzzz\"
Another summer at driftwood underway today without me
whats better then trippn is fallin in-love whats better then paper is ballin it up whats better then eating is feeding your fam
I swear everyone is against me today
Whoo! Money in the bank contract match!
Ghost whisperer has to be one of my favorite shows
Watching and swooning over sweet and tender Logan.
Shark tank is such a good show
Yes USA great goal!!!!
Tried to read a Conde Nast traveller article on FB but ended up unfollowing after being shown 3 ads in a row before anything else
49' GREAT CHANCE FOR BROOKLYN! Brooklyn moving the ball very well. Sal Barone gives a 1-2 pass to Yvener Guerrier but the keeper saves it!
fire Koskinen, he has no business being the Chief
I fucks with shawty on the low she knows im the man
Kalia in the first ten minutes
without a doubt MVP is Leonard or Ginobili
I feel so adjusted here, I don't even sit on the muni anymore...BITCH
Finding out that our tour guide is famous &gt;&gt;
Newman &amp; have finally done it We'll now have a new 320 cell women's prison privately run by This is an absolute disgrace
Or I just love fairport in general
maybe I don't understand the joke because I don't watch scandal.
If at anytime you've made a positive impact in my life, thanks
Mi tia is so cuteee
For Nigeria to be successful today Mikel needs to show up...he has been MIA during the ...
OH NO they killed
Did I just really say that hahahaha
Altidore out with a hamstring injury already leading 1-0
100% sure im running someone over in Times Square lmfaooooooo done
This weekend is ghuna b interestin :)
She who envies\/hates others does not obtain piece of mind.
I just washed my hair... Now my shit looks INSANE... SMH :(
Portugal's takin some ugly shots
Just remember im the 1 that givez less than a fuck
If lived near Miranda I would totally kick it with her her style is dope &amp; she's pretty people are fucking retarded lol
Fuck yea!!!!!! Such a good hit
I'm just happy and don't live down the hall from me anymore
I have a thing for skater boys who sort of look like druggies
I can't wait to take senior pictures.
I had a dream last night that I drove to Moscow, Idaho, but it was an alternate universe where it was actually Moscow, Russia.
I love strawberries, but I prefer to eat them in the privacy of my own home.
White girls with black's butt! Ya winning tho!
writing this speech is reminding me how shitty almost everything is for lefties
The entire school was staring but I didn't give a FUCK
So glad tomorrows Emily's last day of school
Sending pictures to ashton is a waste of time nigga gets them 10 years later
My mom made me delete my kik again, my snapchat, and almost deactivatex my Facebook... Why mom why? Parents these days... Lol I love my mom
Who is Brenden Short anymore
OMG. OMG. OMG.
why does it smell like chocolate in here?
So much for this party happening on Friday .
You're just getting started, and I'm miserable.
girl you're thicker than a bowl of oatmeal
I literally dont eat all day
Pharell Williams is so antisocial lmao thats opposite of happy
that half price apps was the best thing of my life
I planned on going to sleep but is on so yea... Could watch this everyday
Dropping new music featuring &amp; next week
Today, I got paid to shoot little kids with paintballs. Best day of work ever
days in the east
These assholes outside blast Spanish music the entire fucking night like they're at a party or some shit
Through the good times and the bad times you will always be
If you start running now, you might escape the storm of crappy World War II jokes that'll be unleashed during the USA-Germany game tomorrow.
Hard with a narrow ass street. So they think they can do it and we end up falling off a cliff and I manage to take off my seat belt and
**somewhere between the Steve Stoute + Dame Dash Venn diagram**
I remember cake walks actually being pretty difficult. So I don't get the expression.
Like a part of million different things at once.
Good luck Gooners.
Our boys played an amazing game!!! not our time it's ok
My Otis pooped on my gym shorts...
After the amount of food I've eaten these past couple days I should probably cool it for a month or 5
Incase y'all didn't know I speak Spanish too!!
jesus party of 4 your table is ready
I am mentally preparing myself for all the instagram posts about vidcon for the rest of the week
tbh the last thing I want to see is people kissing
Tryna back it up on jenny but she ain't letting me
This nigga pharrel is wearin uggs.
Erika and I plan on watching an Opera
Randomly found my sun glasses. Just in time before we left for PR!! Leggooo we out!!
Shrek is love, shrek is life.
I'm Nd This Shyt To Win Not Jus Fuck Wit It... \nBuD
So happy \"oppressed\" corporations now have even more rights.
Can someone make this decision for me
Real niggas get money from the fuckin start
I love dancing bachata. Especially when I get into it.
When tells me to snap him shameful snaps and then doesn't answer...
She's All That&gt; one of my fav movies lol
Thank God it's technically Monday now. I fucking hate Fathers day.
USA is under pressure
The accent my boyfriend just did &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; fucking sounded so ugly lmfao
Wow can't believe Jason Kidd left the nets
22 jumpstreet was seriously funny. OMG I laughed when it wasn't even that funny
Best Father's Day! ! Swimming with grand kids
The World Cup can't get golf karts for injured guys? 4 guys holding him coffin style. Pretty stupid.
This guy totally gets a power trip out of putting the cover on the pool tables at exactly 10:30.
What does that even mean really tho
Mills looks like Voldemort
To you it's probably whatever not a big deal, but you do affect me.
Honestly makes me laugh so hard sometimes.
Tony Tony Tony Tony Tony
Like a million miles away from me, you couldn't see how I adored you
Cards against humanity is the greatest thing ever
Someone talk to me at 4 am even though no ones even awake
He's so excited for echo smith lmaoo
Angel claws done came out on my TL lmao. He better recognize. Dont mess wit our Trigga!
Do people still go wine tasting or is that a post 'Sideways' thing?
I AM YELLING! THIS GAME IS TOO MUCH FOR ME
Waiting for a phone call I won't get
Life goal: get atleast 47 Starbucks city mugs before I go. So far I got 6. And that's because I refuse to buy the Chicago one.
Parker wants to go out with a bang.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending!
Seriously, they didn't knight Ringo? WTF England? NO SERIOUSLY I WILL FIGHT YOU
The fact that Dania just hooked us up with a Subaru sti 2013
Ughh that lobster tail I just had &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; my aunt hold it down
Donovan hot that coach played his ass u know he want fade on sight lol
I can always count on Jay and Kadyn to fav and rt my shit
\": One must believe in thy self.\" Tabien Edgar Allen Poe
Are you mad cause I said this would be true, are you mad cause I'm over you
Everyone u should download applock on ur phone
Wicked good time met loads of cool people &amp; ridiculous art. Let's do this again next year, eh?
Germany 1-0 Portugal
Esas buenas noches que solo usted sabe dar.
When ya shit be soupy &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Just got goosebumps from that goal
' what goes around comes around , Carla's a bitch ' she says
THROUGH THE DARK &lt;3 ...
No its not wat ever im lost
Judging from my twitter feed, I have an affinity for bad tv and reality stars named Chris
Giving money I worked for to help u the fuck out and still getting bitched at fuck outta here
It's sad that I don't mind sitting in my room watching movies all day alone
Yep it's time to put my rock revivals to rest...
Live your own life not by what people say about you or what they say you should live by
I can never fall asleep at a decent hour when I have to get up early.
Funnu when I needed help you didnt even think twice when you walked away now you want me to help you ? Haha nah
I need to chill though, about to catch carpal tunnel on my thumbs
Praying on it .. I need this .. amen
man I love tofu. there's not one variation of tofu I have tried that I have not liked. if you don't eat tofu get outta my life.
Lets go beat the tigers please
I wanna beach it Tomorrow
Congrats bro You had a good yr overall. And
Once again!! Spurs bench win this over all
lol at the edc thots rolling balls like water u gnna tell ur kids
Dear , maybe you should let riders know that trains don't run to 168th. 1000s are going to work at 630am to
If you dont do it, someone else willlll
Im in one of those mood where if someone looks at me the wrong way I'll kill them
Assuming you fell asleep...... okay?? Lol
\": THOTS are temporary ... but hoes are forever ... like diamonds\"
Nickelodeons slime is diluted with Keenan Thompsons semen
To the girl next to me: \"Want some wine? Wait, how old are you?\" \"14.\" \"Oh... whatever. Want some wine?\"
not going back to Jones for a very long time
The volunteers in Iraq are being given a 1-day training before being deployed along Iraqi forces in battle against ISIL. One freakin day ?!
Driving around San Diego and seeing all the damage from the fires is so crazy..
lolz @ heat
Okay boys, let's see what ya got...
My standard for being \"put together\" in the summer is matching bathing suit pieces. It's rare.
It's only the second day of work and I don't even want to walk into the building...
quick someone find me a grown up job where I can wear yoga pant capris every day forever
I wanna go on dates ....
Well I didn't die in my game tonight so that's good!
D1 Costa Rica vs Costa de Marfil C2\n\nC1 Colombia vs Uruguay D2
CLINT MY DUDE YESSSSSSS
She threw ah subtweet ....you know I \"caught\" it !
My nana -\"Taylor, back in my day, I had a booty like yours.\"
what does it actually mean to be \" happy \"
I find it so creepy when you meet someone and they find you on social networks the same day
Lydia Davis, Junot Diaz and DFW are my only modern reads, please help me spread my wings into modernity
You should have seen her smile when I broke out my guitar
Sometimes spending the day with someone makes them feel a lot more loved
Strong aversion to second chances but then again there are always exceptions...
Cant wait to pick up my car tomorrow!
I guess Renee Young has replaced Josh Matthews on the pre shows. plus Daniel Bryan interview tonight.
You've been puttin up with my shit just way too long
And that concludes todays matches
Wow!!!! that was awesome!!!!!
Follow my vine for a follow back!
Happy 4th of July USA!!! Time 2 show how proud I am to be an American!!!
I used to be worse than worthless, now I'm worth hooks and verses. I'm good like books and churches.
NOOOO! 20 minutes into the World Cup...
y'all do it all the time
.Do they have stock holders? I thought they weren't publicly traded, which is the basis for the SCOTUS ruling. I'm confused now.
And talk sober for no reason
I'm so fucking sorry you're having a bad day please feel free to take it out on me...
\"and that's how you convince someone they want to be an insect,\" only cc needed to cement that in history...
My thoughts go crazy at this time
Definitely more of a MRN kind of guy than PRN
Irritable and annoyed
I've just been told to slow my role.. trust me I'm chillin
I hate you b
I miss my old house..like the one I grew up in. I don't like moving
He said he wanna lick the Molly off me
I took you out of my life for a reason please don't try and come back in it.
Riding in a convertible is cool but like...my hair, b.
Clint motherfucking Dempsey!!!!! Perfect start
CODY SIMPSON ON IN HOLLISTER YASSSSSSS
So much has changed within the last month
.sent me a 50% off new eyeglasses frames promo flyer in the mail which is good timing because I'm due for some new glasses..
the bachlorette has made my monday nights so much better
I can't believe we already lost Jason Kidd
hate when people try to get in others business or my own
I can always tell if someone is lying
I slept all day and I'm exhausted already what is life
NICE! best record in baseball!
This is gonna be a great game
Yes gram, i know I have cool socks on..
I CANT BELIEVE AMERICA IS 2014 YEARS OLD NOW OH MY GOD HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMERICA
do we have to bring in a calculator for chem tm?
How you get curved by your wife lmfao
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer.
Excited for a fun week! on Thursday and maybe Friday too? Fingers crossed we can scoop up tickets!!! I want to go!
9 months from now if I become an aunt we'll all know why. Surprised they even let you....
This lady is wearing a coach purse and complaining about 50 cents to the cash register! Lol wtf....
About to watch sisterhood of the traveling pants, to get me pumped for Greece !!
Let's go heaaat!
Miami aint even tryin anymore this is Sad
I can eat my way outta any problem
Dunno whether to sleeve my other leg first or my arm
What am I gonna have for a late night snack.. hmm
I'll address what's on my mind later. Just know when I do the store better add up.
Im honestly a good driver...i swear
The TV has been on for not even an hour and there's been like 5 vagisil commercials
Somebody hacking my twitter orrrr? I do not remember retweeting and tweeting shit from this afternoon
Listening to happy songs make you more sad bc you realize how sad you truly are!!! -----Mari is wise
why do people take it upon themselves to make up bullshit stories that clearly make no sense and that are so irrelevant to what is happenin
Vamos chicharitooo acaba con Ellos
Game of thrones until I get sick of Rob Stark &amp; Jon Snows face AKA never
I could literally graduate from college &amp; be more successful than my sister and my dad would still like her more than me
First Altidore now Dempsey. Who's next Howard?
No sigo con vos, se acabo, no insistas no ya no(8
Jeana I think that Jesse lost and you won
But seriously. That episode made me cry a little.
Ok I'm done eating until tuesday
Can my parents go upstairs for I can start ???
Another favorite, time to go masturbate.
\"Always be joyful. Never stop praying. Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God's w...\" 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
You get punched in the love club
I'm nervous because I'm at the age where I thought I'd have my shit together when I was younger and let me tell you I do not
Being my girly self at a skate park..
Lo que no hago en mi casa lo hice hoy en el liceo.
MOM COME ON I WANNA GO
SOS cheer moms are crowding my house for a purse party what do???
*imagine* a dick flopping up &amp; down. left to right. to rave music.
im making my return tomorrow , Conciled needs this
you know what to do with that big fat butt
gaby sumiu, deve ta com os namoradinhos
i want people that are down to hangout late at night
I should check Tsukki but it's not on this phone
I'll watch it play out
My FIT account literally never works
Why nick cannon look like the boul from black dynamite?!
And her heart ran cold\nBut her love runs deep\nShe's fire on the mountain\nWrecking everyone she meets
Ah that was ugh. Oh colby
with the 48th pick in the 2012 nba draft, the new york knicks select kostas papanikolau
Just hitting bayfair, it'll be too late by the time I hit Newpark. Might as well get that coffee now.
Four kicks, four crisp finishes 2-2
I think I should enroll in my school program now but I'm lazy
Played some Epic Mickey. I hate Oswald being a villain. I enjoy that through the mirror is where Yensid was creating a theme park tho.
Anyone know any place that's hiring ?
Gods plan is wild and greater than anything we can imagine. Trust him to show you.
he sounded so much like matt ih my god
TWO tourists (New Quay) Cornwall UK praised after they saved porpoise which had been attacked by a group of aggressive dolphins.\n
I hope niggas know how to distinguish THOTS from women. There is a Significant difference.
CRAZY BITCH\r I like the way she rides this dick
Visiting at the Twitter HQ in San Francisco. It just seems wrong to not tweet this.
Damn... already missed a goal
I love when you can look at your life and truly be happy with it. Best feeling
Hmmmmmm ...my eyes floating in my head
I held my history book up so mr wagstaff couldn't see her doing it
There is no such thing as a bad person, there are only bad choices.
\": I love you for the asshole you are\" thanks
Carmel has the fanciest, emptiest Starbucks I've ever been to.
I don't need to be watched over.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THISS TWO WEARING ???
I think I'm the only HxH fan that gives 0 shits about Meruem or tomorrow's episode and it's events
It's getting dark and in still mowing...
When it comes down to it justin don't want drama he could care less Justin is successful and he is happy he deserve positivity no negativity
\"Behind every man is a good cunt face witch monster\"
Gonna go to the baseball park n chill
Mi nuh love man!\nSuh tek yuh yiy off a mi!!!
Sometimes I wish I was a dog, but then I remember that I'd rather be a fish
But the real question is why am I not in DC?
My rhyme game waack lol lk crack
you didn't ask where I slept at Desert Hearts, so I won't ask where you slept at Forest . . . want to though...
The General Lee
Watching that campaign movie w Zach galafdfshjkl and now I remember I seent it like twice already but in a deep hazy drug stupor
people who abuse animals have a special place in hell
A family of Deer were just running in front of my car
I shouldn't be allowed to do my nails on my own
I haven't laughed that hard in so long
Watching the football game on the cruise, sounded like the boat exploded when Jones scored.
When you go to bed super late and wake uber early ... Not that much has happen on Instagram
It is never wrong to do the right thing!
Robbing a junkie though, that seems low even for Jesus
WHERE THE FUCK IS THIS SPIDER
They playing good
T-WAYNE was a dope collab tho
Hay personas que simplemente con sus actitudes te van dejando de importar.
I LOVE HOW WE HAVE HATERSSSSS
Funny thing. The head is a Lowe's box but the body is a Home Depot box. Because although the dimensions are the same they open differently.
Fuck you migraines you can suck my dick
who opened the box of Pandora ??
yass bitch yass\": Y'all ever used plan b? Don't lie\"
I feel like a huge weight was just lifted off my shoulders and it's great
9 hours until the neverending fireworks snapchats and Instagrams!!!!!!!! America is predictable
If I don't wake up at the diner gn
\"Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination.\" -Mark Twain
Am I a bad bf ? I always seem to upset her &lt;|3 but I never mean to v.v
Maghan needs to quit her shit. She flipping nominated me for the ice water challenge thing on Facebook.
Dr bronners do me so right
lol and i wonder why i take 3 hour naps after school......
Ion need my phone to be dead when I go to parties
Beasley still out there huh
My body is in so much pain right now
\"There are two kinds of people; those who can extrapolate to find missing information\"
Kid coulda killed 6 people but he's out walking the streets like nothing happened. Some fuckin justice system we have
cant be worse than tho
i hate when people look at you like your not good enough
This cool breeze.. ahhhhhh. I missed Cali so much.
Crying bc transformers is sold the fuck out
ANDREW SHAVED HIS BEARD OFF WHAT
If I don't go to college this semester, I'll be good I guess.
She is the definition of love at first sight.
Shouldn't mist of us be at home sleeping today?
Memory lane up in the headlights,\nIt's got me reminiscing on them good times.
In exchange for some pussy, some head, and some cooking, I even give packs to Ms. Parker..
I just don't understand how you're about to walk all hard down the street but need me for a cigarette
Tried calling tonight but no answer :\/
ugly ass bitch get away from my man
Note to self: when Pret says it opens at 8:00 on Sundays, that's in some other timezone like Mountain or Pacific.
Literally exhausted every single day.
Kidd may have a harder time avoiding DUIs in Milwaukee due to the amount of wild life he might encounter on the road.
Rap sesh w| baby boy, fuq wid it
THE PHARISEES HAD NO TRUE POWER, BECAUSE THEY HAD NO TRUE LOVE.GOD IS LOVE,LIGHT,IN HIM IS ALL POWER AND GLORY.IN HIM IS NO DARKNESS AT ALL
You depend on our protection. \nYet you feed us lies from the table cloth.
Damn it. I'm still up and I got do my run\/hike. Them hills ain't no joke.
Back in my day twitter fights used to mean something
Girls cool it with the eye brows unless ur Mexican than it looks good
Romero should've done better
THIS IS THE BEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE!!!!!!!!
I forgot how much service I get at this house... Oh right, none.
Why did I wake up at 6:30
Studied my dick off ran 5 miles now I'm going to see my friends in ithaca
I lost my phone
I'm honestly so eager to start school next month. It's a a new chapter in my life and I would want to do it any other way.
Literally so sad all my friends are graduating or are graduated I have no one left in school to talk to god damn.
Lol I can't be mad at something that's not my fault *shrugs* I did nothing wrong
WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKIN ATTRACTIVE GOD DAMN
Alexa Anderson \"Hawaii technically isn't a state cause it's an island\"
Like man, why you gotta waste your parent's money on shoes that'll eventually be grown out of smh
Magnificent rainbow puking two-headed bird trolleys
Woke up dumb early. Might as well go get a haircut.
So my sister got into Watch Dogs. She can't drive the cars for shit, but she is an adept hacker and hitman :3
Lmao...doing laundry w\/breh n i didnt know my undies fell on the floor n he goes \"Rated R,Rated R on the floor!!!\"
Fuck me right, I suck at life
Stupid stupid stupid girl ::bangs head against the wall::
I need someone to go to the field days with
La felicidad no es un estado de animo, es un modo de vida
MESSI WITH THAT FUCKING GOAL THO
I ain't eat all fuckin day son
Spotted: Berkeley Alumni sweat jacket. It's me. But I asked permission first!
I hope my brother know when he get out I'm gone be on his back heavy. I'm not trynna lose my bro to the streets
Now Bochy make the move to late game over
Glad Gabby didn't see that bc she'd give me shit about listening to the artist I always talk shit about.
Full Throttle was by far the BEST RIDE EVER
Women's is about to start! Find and get a shirt!
Cool my face is sunburnt
The best part of the movie is when America saves the world.
That was live!!
pharrell is so chill &amp; dope i love him
I wish I was someones mcm
\"I dunno dude. You could marry a baller and be fine or marry a poet and be f$&amp;ked.\" So many gems !
When a cashier offers me a bag I say \"No thanks. Feed it directly to the sea turtle.\"
I def get used for my dick and my weed lol I'm hella cool with that though
Everybody dry AF. I'm tryna keep it lit. Who at Pride?
No ones stoppin Ginobili
Holy shit let's go boys
David beckham could get the reverse Mohawk and still look good!
Gunna cook Baked Chicken :)
Girls are too thirsty for likes on social media
What's there to do on July 4th?
Soooo close, still a great game though
Also noticeable most passengers don't appear to be techs. A minority but dominating, hence, hostility towards tech in SF? Housing, etc?
I'm in the clouds with Khalifa tonight.
lmfao RT : Lmao fake ass Kim k
He calls me Anty lol
Messi footwork... Sheesh
Parent trap is on, you're welcome
TJR should open for SJRM at govs !
Do you ever feel like breaking down? Do you ever feel out of place? Like somehow you just don't belong and no one understands you?
Alfonso favorites every single tweet about how I get harassed at work and I picture him sitting in California laughing at me
My roommate and his girlfriend are having the most ridiculous conversation about garlic salt
I wish I looked cuter bc Gabe is coming over in a bit damn
hoping for better days while expecting the worst
My brother could like murder someone and my parents would find a way to blame me.
Wait, we scored already?!!
En route to the city thinking how my mother put up with my morning attitude for as long as I knew how to have one
All I want is a mcchicken and to see 22 jump street ugh
-Amaneci Tan Feliz Que Me Rio Solo Y Hasta Canto xD
I'm not even concerned about the pain.. I'm more concerned about actually revealing my itty bitty to the piercer lmfao
My dad's in such a good mood today I shoulda asked him about SLO
Waiting on my hoohkah machine to fire up!!!!!
At I want Sheamus to put Cesaro through a ladder like he did to Sin Cara in 2011
imma punch my cousin in her face. all like she wasn't going back to Pittsburg till Sunday but now she wanna be leaving tomorrow .
Bad things that happen or choices are just lessons you have to learn from and move on
Halt and catch fire has my attention
start strong america
If a song can give you the chills, you know it's good
I really just wanna run to China town real quick for some food but that's a train and a bus :(
Dude shouting about the behind me on the muni
Working instead of watching the U.S. Game is the true American way
Damn I Hate A Bitch That Likes To Argue And Shit
New York literally smells like dead fish oh my god
I remember when was just another kid on vine now look at him now have a number one siwng on iTunes and he is going on tour
some friendships are not meant to last
Its Robben vs Ochoa right now!!
Poussey is by far my favorite character on Orange is the New Black
remember when link was your background on your phone in 4th grade ?
Zorionak Carlota!! Ondo pasaa eguna!! Muxu bat
I'm tired of you muhfuckas on the train singing and dancing for money get a job you dirty train floor stank niggas
I have the worst headache and everyone keeps calling my phone
They said used to always say I couldn't go too far alone, but now I'm here bitch
You can't even spell tho? \n\nNot sure what this is clearly no competition .... lol
Me head hurts!!! I swear these head aches happen every night and i dont know why.
what tHE HE LL IS A MEMORY STICK?????
wOke up not feeling it :\/ bad dream riding to work thinkin
WATCH OUT BOY SHES GONNA CHEW YOU UPPPPPP
I don't think Anthony's ever actually liked me
That's a love tap in football lol.
I feel like sightseeing mountains and shit
Nyc streets are empty at this hour I'm the loser just getting home from work.
WE ARE IN THE CITYY!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhh
Sometimes I surprise myself on how smart I am ...
Could this day get any worse. . . .
Weezy loves the hate keep hatin
That 3-way camera ESPN Yankee roll call was pretty sweet
Hope they will do it over
Temptation was a sad movie to say the least
I got a couple more communities left in me and that last community I run I'm spraying kerosene all over the place and burning those woods.
think for one, listen for two, love for three.
Word on the street is if u want some head u can just go to a zbb concert
If I had a girlfriend I'd be fine
She Said She Wanted Real So I Introduced it to Her .
Note to self: trying to cover a peeling nose with makeup makes it worse
I think I'm going to be sick
am I the only one who watches Wilfred?
\"The mouth part is sticky from our ring pops.\" We're p grown up.
Well, even though the is losing, they are playing some great soccer. Meanwhile, is putting on a GREAT acting clinic!
When you can hear a bug, but you can't see it &lt;&lt;&lt;
Back to back home runs by the and
Walked on on me shaking my ass while I was cleaning told me do that again lmfao
I'll just be so tempted to see all tweets for tomorrows game and Saturdays hehh go USAUSA!! vamo que vamo Brasillllllll
First time i've studied all year is for finals and regents..other than that i got nothin
IS THIS NAOMI\/EMILY FROM SKINS???? OR AM I LOSING IT???
Mom never fails to make me happy with her food.
If you are going to work, work. Ifo you are going to rest, rest. Be efficient, live smart.
\"this idea that you have to fall in love in order to live happily ever after, is just not true\"
I've never understood why girls think I'm cute, cause I'm uggs asf
Matter of fact don't give the Miami Heat no Ole English 40s......get these fools some hot ass 4loko's!!!!!
Brother is coming back on leave from the ! Happy 4th!
I called it remember
My niggas screaming it's b a d...
Had a great day and about to take myself out to and treat myself.
That was so fucking quick!!!!!
So excited for the quakes game tomorrow.
nobody watch blood widow it's the dumbest non scary movie ever
I wanna go home take a long cold shower &amp; knock the fuck out till tomorrow!
Tbh I anit felt like that in a long time.
Make me your so I know its real! Aha
during the 5 minutes I was washing my face and brushing my teeth I caught 7 mosquitoes because I'm a natural born killer
If a guy trying to entertain you and stuff, just walk away and when he will chase you, then you just ignore him. Don't act cute and shit.
Go to MADRID
Bottom of the 9th- This is what baseball is all about!!
Don't miss the beach party bingo open house today
What's a girl gotta do to get a mimosa delivered??
I'm so obsessed w these collegefessions rn ahahahaha they're so funny
Its people like you that I cant trust.
wtf, its summer, sore throats arent suppose to be a thing
Na fine jersey you go take win match?
Coincidentally wore all black on the Fourth of July, now I'm just going to call it a political statement.
Girl if you could stop looking at my twitter that'll be great, thanks :)
All that \"make sure you get a good night rest before an exam\" is irrelevant to me
PEOPLE WHO MICROWAVE THERE NUGGETS CANT TRUST YA'LL
Life's a mutherfuker with no regards so keep ur chin up and stay hard
I got it like that
Sigh. Not my day today at my half-Ironman. Got kicked hard in the ribs at the first swim turn, hurt to breathe, got pulled by medical. :(
At least my mother is semi apathetic seeing as she bought me ice cream to make feel better
I can't wait to drink my face off
I usually never watch the preshow
What is good with tonight fellas
I would love to fall asleep but in an hour or so baby Gareth will be crying for a bottle. I'll just wait for him.
Maybe tomorrow i can start up on writing or recording for youtube again
The clacker of the : . \"Clickity, clickity, clack.\"
YALL YANKEES DIDNT NEED DONOVAN AFTERALL LMAO
It's knitting night at the park!!!!!
Finally finished Eastbound &amp; Down, they ended that series perfectly.
I need to see 22 jump street OMG
I hope the next time Marissa wants almonds she'll choke on one and die
I'm watching Speed and you are literally Sandra Bullock
I don't have time for this shit
everytime i text my moms boyfriend i always recieve a message of him calling me \"Ass\"
Bookers is 127.3 proof\n\nYea. I get \"straight\" to the point
Lets gooooooo america! Freeeeedom
RIP to the dead bird in my yard
It's so beautiful when lightening lights up the whole sky
People better learn who they're talking to
And then gymin solo. turn up
I got bills, bills, bills, bills, bills I can't ignooooore *to the beat of Jay-Z's \"Girls Girls Girls\"*
My landlord is about to get the trillest fucking call from me
My grandma is talking about boils and gross stuff like that and I literally feel like I'm gunna hurl.
Nicki's bed is the comfiest bed I know
They've played her at our old cube. And by they've, I mean me. RT \": Have they ever played Zendaya on BET before?\"
I want to be the bachelorette specifically to go on vacations to all of the places I haven't been yet. Dates will consist of eating.
Fuck your Taco Bell, I need some real food. Bring me some taqueria food!
Even though your exausted your still gunna make it girl .
Could your children be taking in too many vitamins from their breakfast cereal? A new report says yes. My take on
The sun always shines,not just on TV.Good morning,PH :)
I saw everyone I needed to see
Cant wait to watch mark wahlburg kill it in transformers tonight in imax 3d whaaaaaaat
Retweet perrie fans Little Mix
Shawn is legit the cutest, luckiest, most perfect human being on the planet
Kojo is soooooo grounded
Need to find me somebody with no baggage man.
I love you like a bad kid love breakin shit
Is it bad that I'm already getting excited for Christmas?
I have a first date curse. Can never get past that shit.
Biking in Palo Alto after 11pm: LOVE IT
The game just changed
I don't care what you think as long as it's about me. The best of us can find happiness in misery
The better team (to play ) won.
Nigha gave up on the Heat
Only get to watch like 20 mins of this game
Me and bae are going to be cute together at Nocturnal haha
And too hot with them shut.
\"I'm going to harbor in your body all week and then wait till Friday night to make your life hell.\" - Cold
I wish you could just throw people in the trash when you were done with them
What you've got boy is hard to find.
JONES!!!!!!! SCORE!!!!!!!! USA USA USA USA USA!!!!
If you keep a good attitude, things will work themselves out eventually. They always do.
When a nigga just be chilling all day.
If you count the rings on a tree, you can know how many other trees they've slept with
okay no forreal I need to find me beanie
tbh, i really just want a copy of his mugshot.
Like please stop talking about me and get over it
\"Wait you guys I have to tell you my story about testicular torsion\" - at the dinner table
some people are so gay, 'running the school' is the last thing on my mind. I go to school to do work and play basketball and that's it
Sometimes I sleep. Sometimes it's not for days.
My love, Marry me? \nI LOVE YOU \nFollow me please \nDownload and tell a more friends 110
so good to be guilt-free for what i did tonight cause it was
I don't think my mom and sister realize who brought their ass here
I want to watch Donnie Darko again but not by myself
My mom referred to our new Indian neighbors as \"the dots\" she really kills me sometimes.
A beautiful melody when the night so long...
Like this day is complete ass
In school teachers had to raise their hand to speak to
THERES A BEAR ON MY PROCH
I wanna see a Matsui Homerun today
Literally stranded in forest hills like wtf
Here's a pro tip; If the penis is small you are looking at art. If it is large you are watching porn.
Anything worth doing, is worth overdoing. Quitting for cowards.
Damn jones...what a rip
Good morning loved ones...Give thanks &amp; praises !
I love this new peaceful goal oriented life I live.
We fight but she's my world
It's crazy that food can do that to you, damn.
Rocky road, and pistachio are the best ice-cream flavors.
My sister asked me what time my parents leave I said, in the night she said ..like in the morning?
The wife in WWZ is one ugly broad
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Claro q es quien ganoooooooooooo estas elecciones es la victoria ,
I might shut my trap, but never my pie hole.
Its just occurred to me I am 13 hrs behind in my timeline. These are not recent conversations..
My brother literally is taking 2 hours to clean our small ass bathroom... I just wanna shower and get cute
Meeting nice people is my favorite thing in the world
it's crazy how Nicole knew her fate\nshe always said if she every died it'd be in a car accident
Highlight of the weekend? Getting at a 1 year old's
Payback is sweet
The 9 yr old I'm watching just yelled at her 6 yr old sister for dancing around in her sports bra and not being modest to herself...
Bout to get them prostitutes in Vegas baby ayyy..
k maybe if I had more followers I'd support myself more on Twitter but like whatever.
come on ! because that would just put the cherry on top of my wonderful day.
Navas is amazing. All the props to the goalkeepers of the Americas. Seriously, excellent defense.
Ghana so sloppy on defense lmao
Forgot the CWS final started tonight. Then I went and checked the score. Yeesh. Wahoo Naw? What the heck??
I feel like I gotta amputate my legs
EVERYTIME I GO TO MY MENTIONS THOSE PICTURES ARE THERE WOW
Tim Howard again!!!
Who would've thought a guy on (Jones) and a guy in MLS (Cahill) would have two of the best goals in the so far.
Shit could be much worse so I gotta think about it
So a waiter dropped a glass of water on me. And Sheyla is currently drying my clothes with a hand dryer. And I'm naked
Best part of spring &amp; summer are the ferry boat rides ,open deck nice view cool breeze
Messi majestic at the Maracana!
Bringing Kate back is their worst idea yet
Trying to be w. Everyone @ carnival .\nIts going to be great
Toca perder lo que uno quiere.
If it's meant to be, it will be.
Can't hear u over mi freedom
Kinda funny when British commentators wish the a happy 4th of July.
I want to see the purge anarchy
I'm so happy I get tv episodes early on my tv.
Tossed and turned over something dumb all night. I guess we'll see about it
man they getting the religion outta the BET awards quick this year
Damn, these Africans can jump lol
This shit looks like a high school JV vs V scrimmage
So.... is like really good.
You serious messi!!
was a great movie! Anything can be done when you put your mind to it.
LETS GOOOO HOLY SHIT!!!!
The is becoming just like the NFL catering to big market teams. Might as well just ask the Bruin and NYR what they want the cap to be.
Hey I think you need to write a rebuttal to
Less than an hour to season finale!!! Proud to be a
One of my homies prank called me pretending to be a detective.... Mothafuckas
what do u expect from me
About to finish up House of Cards tonight!
Matte black anything makes me melt
Many of us were born in Swaziland because our parents were in exile - self-imposed or otherwise - under Apartheid.
WHY THE FUCK IS HE HERE
One day a year gets to say fuck England
yo I need to invest in a taser. you bitches play too much
If I may chime in on Brad Richards -- don't need a center, but if they were to acquire one, Strome &amp; Nelson can be moved to the wing.
Inputting your credit card info on your phone on a crowded bus.
What the dempsey
Niggas want me dead, I cant go
We are here. To make with you. A lie detector test.
why do people call me whoregan how did that even start
My friends wedding was so beautiful and simple I love it! Aww so happy for her!!
I got a thing for you and I can't let goo *does slow tootsie roll*
Entire trip to and around Japan, everything's on time. Last connection flight home, delayed, delayed.
why the fuck is my grandmother tryna make me go to pa, she buggin out.
Messi not even nice
Portugal look tentative in the back. Come on !
How does one get this drunk ?
I hated a lot of people in Jr high
Just bought a Dutch right in front of one of my old middle school teachers lol
His and hers Ferraris
Upper west side trash stench just about had me losin my breakfast on the street.
Will I ever get tired of hearing \"I love your accent\"??
Aaron carter on the track, shit is fire
Jack Bauer just threw 2 people out of a window. Why did I ever stop watching this show??
O~M~G a skunk ran right in front of me on my walk home.
Im Finna beat my charger ass
very bittersweet to be back home. such an incredible weekend. went by too fast :\/
My cars Literally a marashmellow
IT'S TRUE WAT THEY SAY...NIGGAS GON TALK ABOUT U REGARDLESS, THROW YA NAME IN BULLSHIT REGARDLESS...MIGHT AS WELL LIVE LIFE...REGARDLESS
I won't stop getting notification from tumblr of the same person literally reblogging my entire page.. Chill the fuck out.
My recommendation is - he has a fun blog, he loves scary movies, and I first met him (kinda) 18 years ago today.
I'm ashamed to walk the halls of my school and I don't know why
Can someone please tell me what's so bad about a girl wanting someone to treat her correctly?
esse jogo ta uma putice
Such a longgg day, my eyelids are extremely heavy rn
Never get no where being average .
cleaned out under my tv and found season one of Laguna Beach. I know what I'll be doing the rest of the night...
Jaclyn just asked if the people on the USA team are American......
I needa start going to other boroughs.
I stay learning fun facts on twitter lol
IVE BEEN WORKING ALL DAY AND FINALLY MADE IT BACK TO TARGET TO BUY THE DELUXE OF ITS ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS! LOVE YA LOADS
Everybody seems to \"care',but when you down in the dirt,they not there.and people wonder why i act like a \"hollywood bitch\"
...and here comes the diving...
Lmao I am so over your bullshit..
Who am I saving it for?
Uk ur bored when ur over tweeting like I am rn
Don't touch me at the bar wit u r greasy hands
Jesus be a z-pack.
Hi I just met you but you're pretty fucking perfect.
First night sesh of the summer ???
USA USA USA USA USA
Games r cancelled and we could have been home having our usual fourth party fuck usssss .
Litterbug litterbug shame on you\nAll those horrible things you do\nLittering our country far and wide\nWhy don't you stop and have some pride
Mexico for the weekend with
I actually do want a Boyf \n... Crazy lmfao.
Que lindo fue a Florcha y recordar cosas viejas en unas horas la informe de todo
Oh snap! Things just got Messi!
Cheyenne told me I'm a hard 3. When I move to Indio I'll probably be a hard 2
\": \": You were born with the ability to change someone's life - don't ever waste it.\"\" REAL
Wouldn't have been surprised if Gucci mane came out too
Justin sees everything he have feelings how do you think he feels when he see all this drama and hate going on over a relationship? Hurt
Don't you hate when a ugly nigga think he the shit?
Half hour left in this car and I MIGHT NOT MAKE IT IM GOING CRAZY
Zapdos used Thunder wild Growlithe Fled in terror!
Foam roller you are my hero
Wow manu is puttin in werkkkk
\"we got burnt not turnt\" -sam
Guys I spoke too soon
We beg for life and pray for death...
Cant even retweet that lol bc I would hope that never happens
gonna grow a beard and be a vegan for 40 days
Traded shifts so I can see Nats- Rockies but not USA- Belgium. I hate myself right now.
I don't like how the managers can edit my time sheets at work...
Selfish &amp; inconsiderate people are the worse type of people to befriend.
No work tomorrow donors gonna be a long day
\"I feel like I'm being acupunctured\"
Someone sounds upset RT \": if I have to, then I have to walk away and pretend I don't need you.\"
I wish i was really close to one of my neighbors so i could just walk over and hangout
God fucking damn it I can't shower bc my father is sleeping now and I feel grimey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn Common can rap, act, romance the ladies with his silky smooth conscious lyricism AND goaltend for team USA?! A true renaissance man
I feel amazing , Woke up this morning and did some Laps in the pool
Lol I love the way TI dances
so sick, stomach pains, nauses, headache, body ache, throat hurts! i got everything in the book! smh
I wish i knew more reckless ppl who were down to go anywhere and do anything
Let's just lay on the beach under the stars.
Yes strew was nice in 1816 but could never recall date til lilu
golll de Messi como es
I hope he'll be alright. Hamstring injuries are the worst.
So all that has happened in the X-Men movies didn't really happen because of the last movie.
I GOT A 96 ON MY ALGEBRA REGENTS. OH HELL YEAH.
I'm tryna have a World Cup pool party tomorrow
I rt more than I actually do tweet hahah
Staying with a purpose keeps the mind from wandering. Ommmmm,
I just left work and there's still daylight. Everything just looks and feels extremely weird now.
What's your favorite line from a Disney movie? -- GO!
I showed her Skyrim and she said LET'S PLAY THAT but she didn't mean the video game so thts why we are in my backyard fighting with swords
Oh shit the hound is down
YO EVERYONE COME TO JAMES' GRADUATION PARTY AT GLAMOUR!! COME THRU....LITERALLY EVERYONE
What the fuck is an all-season short? Like a short you don't have to wash and can wear all season?
no matter what you say or what you do when I'm alone I'd rather be with you
8 : I don't know you but your pretty
noc que haver ahora
Just wish I had something to even eat
I just watched White Chicks with my mom and it wasn't even awkward so that was nice
Looking at all these tweets from the seniors makes me realize how fast time flies, I wish the best of luck to you guys
Wonder if that hot prison dude knows he famous
I just want you to be happy, don't worry about me.
Andino is making it super difficult too take snaps right now. Like she just keeps staring at me lol.
I understand people's true motives and I also understand that we all have to do what we have to do.
The hardest part of cooking a steak is that 10 minutes you have to let it rest. Torture.
I hate all the thoughts that go through my head
Oh man I hope the kids are easy on me today... None of that \"let's give the new nanny a hard time\" business.
Wow. I really hope this gal has indoor plumbing
I drink sooo much water at work
Orange Is the New Black is a good show, but I don't get why people are obsessed with it, it's kinda depressing..
In other news RIP to the Hound
Neymar Ruled Out for Rest of World Cup ojala te pase algo peor.
Chris and Ryan's tweets. Why. I can't tell if you hate each other or love being condescending lol
Can I meet a woman from Spain like her ? Jawn got backkkkkkkk
It's five in the morning... Wtf
Juss hit a lil work ouy. Eatin some waffles boutta hop in the shower!! Gooood
I always RT things that don't apply to me lol.
I MISSED HIM AHHHHH SO BEAUTIFUL THANK JESUS GOR YOUNG DEREK
El Alfa eh un freco vale HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Ahora quiere coje sonido despues que el Lapiz lo aquerosio
When a guy tries to talk to me they always tell me what they have to offer and their qualities but I'm not interested in that.
Down goes Altidore
An absolute FIRECRACKER !
God forgive for the thoughts running through my mind right now
IN DA FACE
Does anyone else feel like large beards don't belong on a basketball court?
I'd like to keep my look a secret lol.
Always say I'm gunna go to the gym in the morning... Sleeping always wins...
I don't say much !! That just how I am !!
I need u to get ur man i'm worried about him.
It's hard to sip it slow when it tastes this good.
i h8 ranting in tweets but you're a dick
These \"darkside\" skittle are the bomb
My mom lowkey tryna vent but I'm beefing with her so idc.
got dropped from college, marines next.
Ahh beer time at one of my favorite bars. Missed SF so much even if it's gloomy out.
I hate when jass juice my head and tell me im getting thick, like btch ? Really . Really btch. Lol
Can't wait to get out've here for so many reasons
Nice meeting you today:)
Jajajajja temprano casi a las 1 XP
2 hour naps in the middle of the day are always nice
draft time!....LA fans waiting for confetti to fall.
Did anyone suggest changing it to the Washington Obunglers yet? I assume not cuz if they had suggested it that crazy ole man woulda done it.
Ok ya kicked my butt today,whatya got for tmrw?
Summer nights and love songs. Nights like this &gt;
bro this lady is gibbs. i want her
I'm gonna die during this 5k
I told my friend to visit the east coast he said no because \"the best breasts are in the Midwest\"
sam is the opposite of ham
Those are like the only 2 I bumb off that project at this point.
Why do all superhero movies insist on blowing New York to smithereens
The iPhone game has changed 's and my life.
me and Louise used to be so fucken cheesy over messages lol.. It was cute.
Necesito que nuestro padre celestial acabe con la vida humana en el planeta.
\": Looking at your best friend and saying, \"I'll do it if you do it\"\"
One of these days I'm going to apply to a job in to see if it's real. Like the \"advisor on tax administration for Malawi\"
Why doesn't everyone work relle hard so we can ball later?? Dumbfounded
Love Will See Us Through , If Only You'll Trust In Me .
People were blowing air horns at graduation like the were at a Mexico vs Colombia match
I really hate not havin a phone make me feel like im locked up again
fuck it...get the three points and win the group
\"Jen your actually really tan\"\n\"Yeah I know people call me brownie\"\nWtf is wrong with you
The effort that it takes me to straighten my hair is ridiculous
Forever falling for the ones that I know aren't good for me.
What do I even do with my hair now...
So I guess I live in Brooklyn now. That's weird to even say, let alone wrap my brain around.
I miss my boyfriend more when I know I can be by his side I just don't want to annoy him
So many fire sets to listen to from edc for my gym sessions
I'm lazy to get up rn
Enteman's crumb to cake ratio
The moment you realize there not the person you thought they were..
finally reached the last season of full metal alchemist brotherhood and it's gettin' guuuuuuddd
Heading to Mtk with bae
Clint Dempsey not a god wtf Kyle
Take a fucking seat &amp;&amp; watch me instead of hating bitch , you might learn something !
you're so thoughtful you're so thoughtful
Fuckk keeper didn't even see it coming haha
most girls at fhs are purebread thots
HAHA HES SINGING HEY THERE DELILAH AND IM CRYING BYE
Dont sit back &amp; let circumstances determine your fate.Take action yourself &amp; influence the actions of others
So HHH hates Roman Reigns but puts him in a title match at Battleground?
Idk about you but the incoming freshmen really bother me
Not saying I'm waaayy cooler than you BUT just saw an vid from , driving a JUST LIKE ME!
Keylor Navas el mejor portero del mundial!!!
I just wanna play with some cute animals rn
There's 4 people you don't talk shit about: my daughter, my mom, my boyfriend, &amp; my sister.
Where was I looking for? Catnip Cubes?
Happy kwanza to all my rough ridaz and homicidas
Last day home so let's make plans
I literally can't go to bed before 12
Ghana fans &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
My dads finally deciding to put up the hammock we got him for fathers day 10 years ago...
Do you remember what it's like to wait for something you really want and never give up?
I hate it when peoe spell tomorrow like \"tomarro\"
The announcer be having me think they going score
The cross shows what love means
Ugh! .......is so harsh, totally obnoxious. She makes me physically Ill.
THIS IS WHY I HATE MAKE UP, you'll never know if a chick deadass ugly or not
America fuck yeah!!!!!
Shoutout to for leaving this place spotless last night!!! Lol you owe me $50
The truth is, I'm not joking. Straight orchestral soundtracks
That funny moment when looks at me and notices a piece of pepperoni on my boob lmao
I really need to stop going to bed when the sun begins to rise
bitches selling pussy nights selling drugs but that's all good.
After a night of stress dreams, I really hope coffee makes everything better
I think the for the first time last night I was explaining my dream to someone while I was still dreaming
\": A home run by gets the on the board. Score is now 7-1 in the 4th.\" Priceless. Down right hysterical
Dude I would take you to go ZIP LINING with me ! But your in Orange County !
just want my hair done
I call her up, she come fast, then she cum quick
Lesbian gifs is notttttt what I wanna see
thx for the money dad u da real mvp
Journeying toward (prototyping!) healthy disengagement from technology &amp; access; my brain is wondering what took me so long to start.
God, tinder is so awful.
Why is it so attractive when guys have tattoos on their chests
Pretty please with a cherry on top of a huge banana split with sprinkles and choclet chips and crunch
Watched 5 minutes of this years world's cup. Already seen 2 goals.
Ohhh this tattoo keeping me up. All itchy and it's peeling all over. The struggle tho
So excited for lunch. Starved!
Still going for Portugal but the was a hell of a shoot 1-1
Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia- Fear of long words\n(Who ever named this phobia is a really twisted person.)
Sometimes I'm not sure what I'm doing
Evil Dead was scary af fuck that shit
you all suck bc I have not received a text nor call.
First game back in goal in 3-1\/2 months, didn't do to bad
Fun fact: I lost three pet turtles as a child
Amigo (thats friend in Espanol) Don.. :-) \n\nThanks for ''tagging\" my LinkedIn update brother.\n\nHope you are doing well! \n\nCheers from NYC
can I just have my own apartment and just blast music
who still says \"lol\" anymore if they're not trying to give you an attitude
Educate and inform the whole mass of the people...they are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty.\" -Thomas Jefferson
Since when does the drive in play the national anthem before the movies...?
I hope you guys actually read the last comment on my last twitpic haha
No momento: com fome e querendo a sobremesa (inventada, pqp) da , a mais nova chef
Popping bottles in the ice\nLike a blizzarddddd
Forgot to take everything out of my locker and I forgot the combo lol
Tim Kurkjian is gonna run in the sausage suit tonight during the 6th inning. A must watch.
But I don't mind. It's okay with me tho
I really don't want to get audited at the pool that makes me so nervous ..
the only guys who defend a girl who's getting exposed are the ones who've tried to hit like every other guy already has
Store pickup may arrive faster ship than home but it doesn't mean you'll get it faster in store. Also, who knew was Kmart?!
saw a Hispanic guy in a wheelchair in wallmart and thought of Hector from Breaking Bad
\": Never underestimate the power of the booty\"
Parati nalang ako kate nakakatulog. Leche tong work ko. 12mn parati natatapos :((
I AM PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE THAT I HAVE ACCEPTED A ROLE AS BACKGROUND PARTY GOER IN SOME SHORT FILM I FORGOT THE NAME OF. THANK YOU...
Ray Allen can't save you now
I'm a little seal girl, living in a real world.
hate the fact that some people leave your life
watching family movies and all the cousins are wearing Ma's home made Alaska vests
Came home to a cup of wawa meatballs, a roll, and a pack of tasty and cupcakes. My parents obviously love me.
3:16 am = my national anthem
Goal or nah
I'm better off alone
I wanted a butter finger. So I got one.
Oh , after a week in the Central Valley, rounding the curve on 580 and seeing you was a sight for hot eyes.
my g-ma is wondering when the world cup is over so she can go back to watching don francisco and her novelas at normal hours.
That was such a weak subtweet
Wow, this is a horrible feeling.
Lol a lot of my followers were in my dream last night
Glad the court rulings fell where they did today....5 to 4 is barely a victory....too bad these things even need to be adjudicated
\": damn i dunno bro im starting to think ur phone is Haitian\" tell him, its only his phone..
lol wild with caution of course. I'll have colleges checking up on my grades
I honestly find the kermit the snitch tweets hilarious
Mad cuz u blocked me on snapchat!!! Lol u lil shit
Right as I get into bed to sleep, my brain decides it's time to think all the things.
until the storms roll in you can find us on the roof for july 4th movie classics- Jaws marathon, independence day, what about bob,
Watching Anchorman &amp; calling it a night. Stay classy, twitter!
I'm already very stoned and ready to smoke more and more weed as I head to see tonight at the Gramercy.
Nyc is live today city in da world
YOU DO NOT EAT SOMEONES BFF PURPLE FISH
I rocked out in my car yesterday to Mars Volta and cried today while listening to Bright Eyes. Apparently I'm 17 again and no one told me.
It's maaad hot outside. I need to go shopping for summer clothes
I don't understand how people play one game need some variety
Bad mood. whats new wit my life
Im not even a bad jetski driver
It's like I'm watching FIFA pro clubs
The Worst is still my song ok
Gay people crack me up!
When you realize no matter how good you do, it ain't gon be good enough to the one that matters.
It's funny how the person that used to matter to you the most of all a year ago can just matter to you so little the next.
I honestly don't know what to do or think anymore
Where did all these Messi fans come from
Thats why me n u are no longer together
You text me nd then I text right back bc the phones in my hand and uh ya know I dont care to play games and thennn I guess u explode hellooo
Just got my iphone 2 months ago and it looks like I got it a year ago
I want a s'more right now
Had the greatest 2 hour nap ever!
An unintentional astute observation from Clein. The only way the school admin can get ahead is via bribery
I don't fuck with the west side
on site of 65th st. recording a music video for a new song which is the best art ive made. better then anything on the mixtape
Questa e' la vita, non il cielo. Non c'e bisogno di essere perfetto.
Ya had me at (laughs at my stupid joke)
They're really making another purge movie... Are you kidding? The first movie was atrocious
Apparently dentist call themselves doctors, engineers, and fuckin artists.
Relating to tweets but can't RT them &lt;
Homie balling his eyes
Ginobli in this biiiiiitch
Last day as a Buick owner
Obvious, but after 94' how beautiful would it be to see Colombia win the whole thing? Surely every non-Brazilian is rooting for them today.
I'm still mad I've lost to so many falcons already
Niggas like me have to try smh.
the withdrawal of not able to watch your fav tv show coz they're on a season break
Nervous for my interview in the morning. Yikessss
Sweat pants the goat of comfort wear, he buggin
Anyone home an want to come and swim?
Good Night ; )\nGood Fight \n
Free pair of converse a size smaller than my feet but oh well
IM JUST TRYNNA TAKE YOU TO THE BEACH BEFORE THE SUN SETS WE CANT FALL ASLEEP IN THE SAND\n\nBUT LEMME TAKE MY PANTS OFF
lol I own 0 pairs of tennis shoes
Lucas shaved his beard.... IS THIS A FUCKING JOKE????
Ain't never been wealthy but I will be sooner than y'all think
Fucked some guacamole call that smashed avocado.
Mike's Minute is FREAKING NEXT!!
Please . I'm gunna be 20 and have legit no one I can count on. Sick life
Taking a break and watching is making me want to work harder on my startups, websites, and blogs
I bet the neighbors know my nameeee
shout outs to those who understands what I be saying.. cause half of the time I don't.. Lol
is there anything we need for graduation other than our cap and gown?..
Strawberries, blueberries, chocolate milk, and bae.. Can life even get better?
drowning in da flood and it barely started ?????
Just wish I could pause time and stay in this moment forever
Another day of my friends not inviting me coooool
Howard is a national treasure.
I wonder if rappers realized how dumb their songs are til they sing them live with a crowd haha
VIVVVVA COSTA RICAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!! GANAMOS!!!!!!!! PURA VIDAAA!!!!!!
I just read 'international normalized ratio' and started wondering about it :D
The mindfuck went full circle when I found the UK MLS twitter world
Heat are a bunch of poop dicks
I know I've been doing a lot of stupid shit lately but I know what I really want in the end
The Dali Lama has 6 million followers and Kim Kardashian has 27 million....
Cute. Showing off in front if my family.
A trip to the beach would be nice
I'm dying at the video deej just sent me
I love watching soccer more than anything, but the lack of stoppage is quite problematic if you have to pee
Bought the tickets. I love you. *. *
we all know you're a slut, sybil anne dorsett
MY PHONE NEEDS TO STOP ACTIVATING SIRI WHEN IM NOT TOUCHING THE HOME BUTTON
If you don't truly believe that the USA is the best country in the world, you have a screw loose
Ghanas players are so much faster. Coincidence or nah?
$3 for any beer and free food.
I feel Holland's strikers are being so lazy
Still waiting for a text from you.
\": If you want a good time, call a .\" Yasss Turn tf up lmfaoooooo
My cat just dipped his paw in my coffee. But hey, it's cool: when Brits run out of biscuits, they dunk kitty litter in their brew....Right?
If views of owners of private corp can allow them to avoid laws, owners should not be able to use corp shield for protection from liability
I'm sick of all these fake people thinkin they my friends. When I duck you and don't shake your hand don't catch feelings.
You see what you wanna see &amp; feel what you want. You can't force anyone to see or feel the way you do..
Who needs savings when you have and in the fall
Why did I have 17 missed calls?
Did a model took a flight to the golden state
Tranquila mi amor, si no le pones collar a tu novio, con gusto se lo pongo yo.
\"Future Is Bright Son Only You Can Mess It Up \" Momma Love Words
When bitches fuck over a good guy it creates the assholes all you women hate so much.
The fact I just watched my prince on live television bc hes just SO damn good at baseball makes me so proud, love you more than anything Joe
Ik bel hier wss iedereen wakker via FaceTime
cant believe I didn't cut my hand im amazed
Hi Everyone and Happy fourth of july 2014 and how to use a microsoft excel and spreadsheet
Yo I can't wait! I know God is on my side.
Wow I've gotten a whole zero questions woohoo
This is a team effort, as in our whole country motherfuckers LETS GET THIS MONEY
Mark is the king of \"If I don't like it, it's weird\"
Im too damn old (&amp; introverted) to be in student housing again ughhhh
Glad the school year is over this year sucked
Imao beriously... Who's staying in merner
It's sad that tony honestly think im dumb... Lol
Accident, right lane blocked in on I-10 EB before Cherry Ave stopped traffic from I-15, delay of 35 mins
\": Your wants to be the reason for the smile on your face\"
Just rode my bike home from Lake par , I said I was going to sleep early
(32) Elena Vesnina def. Patricia Mayr-Achleitner 6-0, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
Watching GBF from the row behind the guy from my sleep away camp
We can send men to the moon, we can video chat real time around the world, but we can't get 250 people on a damn plane.
Like I'm Sha Shaba ranks .
fuck waitin for you to get it on your own x gon deliver it to ya
It actually feels gud to be a play these girls like fifa 14
Im stuck in my car with
I have so many battle scars
I can't believe we can take part in shaping a world that, to others, is so cold they'll take their own life.
i wanna be like Pharrell &amp;become a millionaire in high school.
Learn your lesson and shut up
For the second straight Wednesday I have Mtn Mikes pizza for dinner and then I come home and there's pizza from Costco
Any woman is pretty no matter what race.. If you're pretty, you're pretty
Shit he is Johanson comes on
Not even my grandma saved Mabel mad times from getting washed by me
Wishing everyone a happy peaceful Day.
I wish I had a porch to sit on with a rocking chair to watch this
I knew everything went positive from the minute I walked in there . Had such great vibes from everyone
Steady paper chasin in the fast lane racin gotta get this dough
can bae wake up now or..?
I'm glad I'm preaching to
there are only two types of people: Beatles people and Elvis people
My baby mama harder than alot of you niggs
A hot straight guy told me I looked like john stamos ily NYC
this isn't exactly how I planned on spending my whole night...
I'm sleeping in the living room goodnight
LOL my point exactly \": LMAOO! EVERY. ONE. RT : I think Damali sees EVERY tweet that says 'Tori Kelly'\"
Just to think at a point in our relationship we were once falling apart. We fell &amp; grew back together
WHY DON'T Y'ALL LISTEN AND MOVE ON? ALWAYS WANNA GO BACK TO THE PERSON THAT SINCERELY DOESN'T CARE ABOUT YOU.
Wishin I had any drawing abilities at all
Dave Matthews Band is tooooo good
No one ever texts me, then I remember I hardly gave anyone my newer number. lol.
Your body hears everything your mind says!
It's hot as fuck in this fucking train! I'm gana go crazy
C L O to the mf Z
so who's trynna hit raging water this week?!
They will see is waving from such great heights
Really excited to hear present cloud integrator talking ecosystems and system integration
At least Costa Rica won today...
Back to The Sandlot though, Smalls is such a wiener
God damn I love jerry springer
i love how turs needed to give a crossword puzzle to the last minute of the year
the song rude has been my jam for the last couple of days
miami really is taking the fun out of basketball
Theres a girl at carleys school named \"imuniqua\"
How is that not a red??
I don't want to like him you guys
Ahhh..life is great at this point
120$ for workin 13 hrs get on my level
It bothers me how MOX isn't an app anymore because I can't see whose in my classes and I need to know such information
Alright, I've pulled a hammy before. It truly sucks, but a stretcher is a bit ridiculous...
Not that its the point but I'll take both Cory &amp; Lu every day over Ryan miller.
Someone bring me a glazed donut to work lol
If you weren't baes close friend before, you have NO business talking to him. IDC.
My life is revolving around how much I want coffee and an everything bagel with cream cheese right now
Hoc opens in like an hour, i might as well stay up
I miss you already
10 minute massage are my new addiction
Love the smell of the ocean
New record for fastest lacrosse shot...116
I wanna be bubbly and always happy again. But that me is long gone.
Im really about to start getting on my shit &amp; doing big things with my fellas.Losing family members &amp; friends through death is not my thing.
We all know Andi went to the producers and asked about the results of that lie detector test
I drink water more then anything else and my body loves me for it
Growing up with the parents that i have makes me all the more determined to be a great father
I LIKE IT BETTER WHEN WE'RE WASSSSSTEDDDDDDD OH OH OH OHHHHHHH
That coffee did not wake me up. It did the complete opposite
I hate when dogs beg!
It isn't going to end well for Mike &amp; Harvey.
Idk why this curly headed fuck keeps staring at me at the gym
My prophecy is that it is going to be raining ouwt
\"I fight better when I wear pants, its hard to look tough in shorts\" .... Okay Daddy
Yall be on here laying down rules like that shit applies to everyone.
Chest hair and a necklace is not a good combination.
Wondering how many times the words \"please don't go\" have been used in song lyrics. Has to be a better way to say that.
I lost all my contacts in my phone :(
I was so busy today I forgot to mention that we had Whitney Houston singing selections from Dreamgirls on the conference room TV today.
Understanding women is like trying to smell the color 9.
I Only Have 1 Real Bestfriend Nbs
Retweet Leigh-Anne fans Little Mix
Bouta be the only black nigga in a quince again.
people really dont understand the situation people juss wanna assume shit &amp; it not the case at all
Eating the stale fry off the bathroom floor
How you the right one but still not right
You might not even remember or realize this thing. But it completely changed the entirety of your existence and who you became.
There is a line of thunderstorms going through Toronto, Buffalo and Pittsburgh
If you're not at the Chester fair you're a big loser
damn, I'm not tryna lose tmrw
I will forever get looked at as the bad guy no matter where I go.
Ash, para ser feliz, hay que tener mala memoria.
I bet the Red Wings take DeAngelo here.
Gotta love soy
..tu eras la princessa diana y yo el rey k tanto amabas ....
On VA reporting: \"You're reporting on a govt healthcare sys &amp; you have to understand how it works\" to report it acccurately. -Shapiro
It would be great if i had a ticket to go to DR right now just to release all the stress i have
excuse me, I meant to say \"this is for what men are\"
I just want a real nigga I can bump old school with ..
Im working 32 hours this week and 40 next week
Everytime I talk about getting pulled over, I get pulled over. I'm so annoyed
So happy marathon
Why did you leave me
Did he not see his name &amp; hearts in my eyes &amp; shit. Lol
LOST ALL CONTROL OF MY BODY
They need to stop airing that Subaru \"We lived\" advertisement cause it's morbid and creepy.
June 25th Brooklyn,NY\n July 2nd New York,NY\n July TBA Fort Laudy,FL\nJuly TBA MIA FL\n July 28th MIA,FL \nAug 1st SD,CA \nAug 9th SD,CA
I'll jump in the shower to take my time on getting ready
When shit gets real...you can't always sweep it under the rug
Ronaldo DeNiro face
I can't listen to R&amp;B cause the lightskin comes out of me
He didn't just get away with murder, he also murdered 21st century television when he introduced the name Kardasian.
I seriously need to get my shit straight..
Damn that was a little unnecessary
\": Triple H is one of the greatest heels ever\" 2nd only to Mr. McMahon
feels so good to not be at work on a holiday
time 2 take away tax exempt status 4 all religions. Can't follow the same rules as the rest of us, politics from pulpit &amp; TX fre
I really don't care about allot of stuff but when I do I care allot
My plant makes the playoffs in this b ball league, after two games I'm coming out of retirement for the w lol..
They should change Bo Dallas' theme to, \"Don't Stop Believing.\"
of , the 3 Asian behind who aren't watching the game. They are more interesting than the game.
my dad was such a romantic writing her love notes
Finally on the last episode of Orange is the new black
Like who laughs while taking out stitches
Just saw two grown ass men jumping on a trampoline together ...
I think I'm going to start blogging again....
If Portugal scores in the 90th minute I'll streak
I'm sorry, I can't hear your annoying complaints over the sound of freedom.
Chicle Might Officially Have an Instagram !
You just did a thing why
FUCK YEAH USA and FUCK YEAH WEDDING.
On a mission to find nice bro tanks
Did someone score? I was looking at that pic of Falcao's missus over on
Happy 4th of July. Everyone have a good day.
The Heat are no longer champions. All feels right in the world again.
What's more American than breakfast pizza? Nothing! That's what!
Maaaan......nobody does them crazy eyes better than Dean Ambrose.
Summer school starts tomorrow :\/ I'm going to get this diploma
Lookie summer of country on the spoti and with build in shuffle
Ginobli whaaaaaat lmao turnuhhhh
Lol should I go out the back or garage or just through the front door
Question of the day. Do i still give one fuck? Nigga nope.
I like my twitter bio now
I fuck her then I kick her out da spot!
where is a qdoba? I need to try dat someone help!
What a talent...2-0 Argentina
I might cry
Watching Justin and Maya set up on stage awesome
Those Romanian Deadlift is what's getting these legs where they need to be!
Lmao hella niggas just got bumped at the mall
Liz is the coolest person ever.
ford all the rivers. kill only buffalo.
We are all
Where's a cheap place I can get a massage
Why the fuck do I miss you
Belgians created this hurricane and set it here to attempt and ruin our freedom
Pretty sad about but any time a Latin American team does well I get so happy! Bien !!
Almost had a heart attack when a snake is 4 feet away from and then I went to grab it's tail before it slithered away
Maya doesn't realize that I'm a boss and that I have to fit her into my schedule.
I just remembered that last night I had a dream that I got tattoos on both my arms lmaoo
Brewers lost too. Close this shit out.
God took the rocks that I been carrying all my whole life he gave me peace Love happiness in my life he forgave my sins. He's my firstlove
Seriously tho, talk dirty to me or gtfo
Oh fuck off Bosnia
\": sooooo im off friday. . . . .midnight showing?? i think so!!\"
I love that the people I hangout with are down to do anything at anytime
Ma Stress Level Is Always Above Level. Workin On That Tho
I bought salmon for dinner and instead made pancakes. I am twenty-five.
If you don't chew Big Red then fuck you
The main reason for power is to protect those without it
I think the Ghanaians are shell shocked with that one! You think! Go USA
So happy spurs won. Fuck the heat. They think they own both coasts. NOPE
I'm so happy I'm speechless...
Looking forward to and seeing what people are up to. Especially the activities.
I love when my dad tries to talk soccer. He literally has no idea what he's saying.
LA tommorrow. be back in NY July 15th.
All me and ever talk about is squirrels
I've never been stared at this much
That moment when you realize that you made a huge mistake...if only I could redo that day. You would still be here.
John Boehner to file drunken lawsuit against the lawlessness of watered down martini's
STOKED to see and in tonight!!! Got my green, green dress on!
Guess I'm gonna go to sleep
I can't wait to go back to Six Flags next weekend.
Too many fucking joggers. Can we do something something please about all the fucking joggers?
Dempsey is my hero
Going for a second round of The Big Lebowski
Me da arrechera ser linda con alguien y que me trate todo lo contrario
suck my dick yo why tf can't you reply fast
Back In the a.c :)
En unos dias .. sere Un poquitoo mas Viejaaaaaaa !! :D
My baby daddy though. Good lord. Hola Papi.
What if LeBron took off the headband right now
To break the seal or nahh.... I really have to pee thoo
En area de servicio entre NYC y DC: Gol de USA. Nadie grito el gol. Cero pasion.
I walked to the living room and caught both of my grandparents with the tv on, just sleeping. I feel bad for them.
NEED to go to six flags soon
Benzino met hoethea here on twitter lol I met my ex on Instagram
Hey GChat... Stop being broken
Guess guys have no respect for girls anymore?
Dempseyyyyyy ya beauty!!!!!!!!!
Fuck work! Bitches be lining up for pizza since the Morning.
Kawhi Leonard looks so simple biting his tongue on the bench
Klute - My Black &amp; White (Calibre Remix)
THATS more like it Messi!
aye- how are you \"showing up\" in life? .
Today is perfect jogging and riding weather.
it should be illegal to work this early
I feel like I have finally mastered twitter. It's only been like 3 years....
please follow me?
I hate when I look at the time and it's 9:11. Just saying.
I remember the old days when I used to play Xbox with Gizmo and Gizmito... Minecraft... old Minecraft... The duplication bug... those days..
Im addicted! Gn gn gn gn gn gn!
WGW I LOVE ALL KY DICKBY DRIENSA
decision is straight up BULLSHIT
these white people jammin down here lol
I hope this stage ends at this age.
After my dreaming I woke with this fear, what am I leaving when I'm done here
Ain't go out in like 7 weekends. Just waiting for Ora Santa and cookout to lose my mind .
Saw the long time Bae
Yo I can't with this ratchet pride pictures. That shit was a jungle
It's Thursday- a little less than 22 hours until the game starts
It's really sad that people feel uncomfortable singing the n word in rap songs, I still feel awkward singing Pick. A Bale of Cotton
PUT ON ESPN IF YOU DONT HAVE IT ON
I came back to twitter &amp; was reminded that Agitha is a playable character in Hyrule Warriors, it's like they KNOW WHAT CHARS I WANT TO PLAY
I need a quiet place with a hammock and a beer.
Do the real nigga walk thru for me ayee
Quizas nunca deje de quererte pero si dejare de esperarte
late night thoughts got me fucked up
I'm fucking pissed off turn on the central air already I'm melting
her and my grandpa cussed me out in tongan then I said \"Imma challenge you too since you said that grandma! Just kidding I love ya too much\"
Might pass through Harlem in a few...
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS: i encourage you guys to make an oovoo we bout to turn up tonite hmu for username
A couple of those pics on the SoCal booty pics I've seen before.... Like on or some shit hahaha
I'm about to eat four boiled eggs. That seems so boring. And lonely.
Back to back jacks from Kelly Johnson and Brett Gardner! 4-0
Annnnnnd were still fourth in line for takeoff...
I'm slim shady yes I'm the real shady all you other slim shadys are just imitating
I always have the writer excuse. Writers observe and question and have hypothesis but leave it to readers to draw conclusions and change.
I slept with this fucking hard ass pillow my tubi kept coming off i was so fucking mad
Lol next bus is more bi polar than youuuuuuu
If anyone wants me to do it to their chargers I will I got mad colors
um my entire twitter feed is girls trying to get a Shawn Mendes follow I think it's time to go on Instagram.
No tengo celular pero le robo retrica a mis amigoos jaja
\"So hold on to what you believe.. \"
Finally Germany puts out a better back 6
I would rather run four miles than watch a 200 second snapchat story
There is a chipotle on Long Island. Come at me bitch.
Ah yes Summer, I DO remember your suffocatingly sweaty subway stations. Silly me, how could I forget this feeling...
I thought messi had that
\"Something I realized as I got older, when you watch MILF porn, those girls are your peers.\"
I want to have childrens.\n\nI don't want a head coming out from my vagina.\n\nbig problem.
Come visittttttt me at Ralph's in freehold. It's only American to get ices on July 4th. Are you a true American ? (But no sundaes please.)
Going to stay home tmr and watch all the shows showing tonight
The Spurs are going to win it!
Follow us on here(Twitter) and on Instagram
I blessed myself inside your arms one day
I FUCKING TOLD YOU YOUR PHONE WAS GOING TO DIE
Having ADHD and no medicine to take for finals really just creates a problem
My next job ima make damn sure my Boss ain't Asian that's the damn truth!
Honestly follow if you're from Almaden. You won't regret it
Look look I don't know why they been lying but yo sshit is not that inspiring
Going out tonight.... But really want bae to come over and cuddle with me
Jcroi jv pa dormir
Corporations are your new god now.
Manu is vicious
Someone text a niggah
ishan posts an insta of us but he keeps deleting my comment as if I'm embarrassing
\": I like things this way.\"
Wild Wings just erupted
Holy shit Jason and Eric!!! Ahahaha
Todo lo pibe y la piba vamo todo a bailaaaaaaaar JAJ
I love how you can see everyone's true colors when they're drunk.
I love how I can say whatever I want in my house. No filter. I feel bad for people that have to hide shit from their parents all the time.
\"The perfect team needs the hacker,the hustler and the hipster\"Word up!
Ask the weekend she lovin the crew bumpin Max B sippin the cru whatchu want me to do?
People who answer my texts at lightning speed &gt;&gt;
That moment when you're drinking something cold af shirtless, and it gets on your chest so you flex
F.O.B.S means Fresh. Off. The. Boat. Samoans. get it right.
But boys will be boys! Because they can't be real men.
Drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink until we can't no more.
2014, you just may not be my year. Can we call it early and move on to 2015?
That was special
Remember Mystikal's song Shake Ya Ass? Ha! Thanks shuffle!
Got so wrapped up in the 4th of July I forgot that soccer was on again today.
At the end of the day I'm still good . I live in a good part of town , have a lot going for me and just a good head on my shoulders
Ginobli on fire son
I literally have so much energy, you all have no idea. Omgggg
Gonna throw up when my alarm goes off
I don't TRY to be a bitch
literally every vixx tv ep makes me laugh
Drinking sprite at 2 is a bad idea
Drew wants to be subbed about Soooooo bad... lmai
\": I somehow lost the underwear I was wearing last night while I was completely sober. How does that happen\"
Who doesn't love a little bit of honesty
Setting out to be a lovely stoner Sunday
Sorry to those late favs I apologize if u didn't get a shout out. Surely next time. I do have bigger problems. I'm currently being tossed
Don't know if I have ever been in such a bad mood...
I need to stop settling and reach for bigger and better things
Had a good touch rugby and skills session with the bro Kyle at Iona tonight.
If you're grown the words 'crap' an 'fricken' should never come outta your mouth.
Much love goes out to for showing up to my house with breakfast
JONESSSS WITH THE BEST GOAL OF THE WORLD CUP
Applying to jobs that say 75K salary .. Lol trying to make something if myself
If that didn't pump them up idk what will
drake comin on since i have my shit on shuffle. hell nahhh,!
If I don't check my bank account balance then it'll go away
I'm all alone, &amp; I need you now.
Autocorrect always changes my name to std shoot:\/\/
i broke my foot in January why does it still hurt?
My hw boy go spoil am
Did you know 1 cowhide makes 18 soccer balls? Happy !
Santa Cruz I am in you!
That Arya and Brienne scene though... right???It's like Westeros has it's very own project. Made all my dreams come true.
Today I found our that Adam Samuels from Mean Girls is gay. Legit mindfucked.
LMFAO YOU TALK OH MY GOD HAHAHA
\"If The greatest revelation of who God is, is Jesus Christ, then God doesn't let evil happen, he bares the weight of it.\" NADIA BOLZ WEBER
I've never felt so segregated before
Most likely because I love to write and have way too much on my mind 24\/7
\"no wait what's that holiday we celebrate with flags? Independence Day?\"
Ghana is going to take out all of our players at this rate.
So done with ya'll lmaoo too much. Been LOL all night. . .
I'm right ur wrong I'm smart ur dumb I'm big yr little it's simple
Spurs boutta celebrate in 3 mins
Life goes way to fast ... Don't forget to tell the ones closest to you that you love them! No matter what time of day it is .. Txt or call
I just screamed stars and stripes all over the bar y'all.
Lets not forget when Steve Phillips had to take a 98 Leave of absence Cashen stepped in and held the fort 4 him in a very imp off-season
Never been the type of nigga to pee on toilet seats.
Cant stop watching orange is the new black.
I feel weird riding the bus without Conner beside me. I never rode it without him.
Mel y Tamara se re olvidaron de mi
Where is ? I feel bad he didn't get as many photos as . Was hoping to get one...
For the first time in forever, i finally understand what \"made a left on Nostrand Ave, we in Bed-Stuy\" means.
Should they even play the nominees we all knew who's gonna win
Did so many squats that it feels like... Nvm
3 miso soups (Mike wanted another), two salads, cold sesame noodles, shrimp &amp;veggie tempura, shumai, 8 special rolls &amp;red bean ice cream.
Oo the tweet was deleted that woulda been funny
Black people didn't get there independence today .....Just saying
Honestly I'm legitimately scarrd about passing the chem test
I mean clearly Ariana was the better pick...
What's going on at ? Hearing scary things about mass casualties! Is this a hoax?
Charlie and the chocolate factory
How do you like me now?
In not allowed take pics during the performances. :(
I finally realized that instead of getting caught up in the same situations, I'm going to walk away before I even think.
5sos doesn't like america what the hell
Keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart
Some of these players should persuade acting as their new profession
I've learned that after a while people don't be deserving second chances . fuck up once and you done .
One of those great summer days
The only person I failed at holding up a Convo with was Haha. Idk if I just wasn't in the mood of speaking or what lol
You dug your own fucking ditch.
I just wanna break you down so badlyyy, while I trip over everything you sayy
Watching the show Adventure Time is thrilling, terrifying and hysterical all at the same time.
There is something so tripe about allowing your significant other to manage your business.
= . When's the last time you sacrificed for who or what you say you love?
This rain will help me sleep like a baby tho
imagine ariana getting turnt and drinking alcohol omg
My dog is awkwardly cute and I love it.
I only like you if you like baby chickens
no more your the only one cause that's all done with now.
Damn... Uh Stephanie vs Vicky in a pool of who knows what, maybe chocolate? Lol
Wish i still had my lil shawty ctfu
Old ass in the break room tried to tell me USA \"doesn't deserve to win\" after Bradley's miss. Nigguh doesn't know.
This one time at band camp
Didn't get the role for Disney but they asked me to audition in August
Even though it's all fucked up .. I still fuck with u .. Cause what's the good without the bad .. Like a blunt with no match ..!
Not looking forward to my sisters graduation tomorrow night. Gonna cry like a bitch.
Sittin' at the round table makin boss moves
can't wait to be the only person in my department at work today
england will win the world cup
That nigga tripped him
we pop squats on toilets.. aint no one tryna sit on them dirty shits.
Shout out to my brother in law going through a tough time in his life, lost his friend-brother to suicide.
Oh my god... We just ate so much sushi for only $40, PLUS a bunch of Japanese appetizers. Definitely our new favorite date spot.
My heart feels like its on fire.
I'm in need of a hair cut bad ..... Really bad
I'm not getting over the deal. Fuck you new management!
eu ate esqueci q tava respirando o mesmo ar q o avicii e o matt
Whenever someone dies in game of thrones in an awesome way I laugh and get all giddy I think I'm insane
Soccer tomorrow morning at 8am at los alamos
What a fucking shotttt
Justin has a new perfume. Justin are you trying to make me broke???
Love is like as fart..if you have to force it than it's crap
A goal in less than a minute?! Damn
Just passed the Coliseum. Excited for Friday,but the fact the lights were out is a sad reminder that its lights out for good after this year
Nothing better then siting on the dock at the lake and watching the sunset
\": Cfs game next Wednesday wheeler v kazmir.... If you don't show GFY!!\" What now?
22- your cool to talk to and seem chill to hangout with sometime
\"Wait- you made $400 million dollars &amp; exploited half a country in one week? Are you a terrorist group or a hedge fund?\"-J. Oliver to ISIS
The soccer watching fakes have crept out of their caves to act like they know anything about the sport. Fun
50 shades of I want &amp; need more sleep
\"What time did yall get home\"\n\"I dont actually remember\" -mom
I'll be watching the via social media
Son it honestly rains 2x harder then this in North Carolina in the summer
Evil Apples is exactly like Cards Against Humanity
I love being a supervisor. I can assign the shitty jobs to the girls who complain about \"accidentally eating carbs\" to each other.
Korea to 16-round : we should win Belgium by 2 points and Russia should win Algeria by 1:0 and I know it is not going to happen.
Some girl broke up with this guy at my job and he was hella crying. I couldn't help but laugh. It was the most entertaining thing.
about to take the greatest nap on the beach
He's just made my life more stressful and more difficult and sometimes more scary than it needed to be
\": The damage has been done to faiths bathroom.\" I laughed soooooo hard at this hahahah
soo many special edition sunglasses i want, but which pair
Or any day of the week haha
BEAUTIFUL GOAL USA!!!
one thing i cant stand is being lied to
I Nutted In Yo Baby Mama You Hugged Up Wit Her
Beckwith made me hop a fence ln and I now have scratches all over myself
Chris rock is putting my black asss to sleep
This guy on the news sounds like Dumbldor
Craig abandoned me...again....and if he doesn't come back I'm going to eat his cake
LMAO RT : BRUHHH if my boyfriend told me I was fat id eat fried chicken while I fucked his best friend like nigga fuckkkkkkk youuuu
Tony Parker took over the 4th.
This 2 train is killing my vibe right now
Im probably just not gonna text anyone for a while :\/
It is rude to put your hair in a high bun when you're going to a play
USA v Germany! I've got 3 words for you U-S-A! I know what the NYC will be doing @ noon today.
Messy Marv Ft J. holiday - Cheat on her
Tonight I will become Inebriated Isaac once again
stressin bc of this spanish final on the last day
Brain like an EKG the way that he studies the beat
she is the one who turn me on
The VIP reception for corporate partners and sponsors, plan sponsor and foundation and endowment community.
HOL UP MICKEY THE MOUSE TRYNA CATCH THE FADE RN U NEEDA BACK UP SHAWTYYY
Cristal is the only person I text all day everyday &amp; have a good convo all the time lol
See that's that Twitter glo shit. \n\"AND IF YOU DONT KNOW NOW YOU KNOW NIGGA\"
Oh no poor Altidore!
I don't know what people are talking about 93% of the time
you can expose a female or a male and talk your shit when they do something to you BUT at the end of the day, you still wanted them
Kinda really wanna fly a kite
Looks like Greece won't be getting any cards ever with these refs.
Teo de 9 ibarbo por la banda y Guarin en el medio campo
T-Shirt Mass Seems To Be The Shit Carnival Time.
Be cool getting at my feet
Happy with final results of paralegal courses!
Sitting in my car til a good song ends. Obviously.
i hope emily catches my sub
There's still a lot of time left .. its anyone's game right now really
Alex will take back someone's $ when we get back. But who's?..
The great thing about Netflix is I have no idea why I added The Ice Storm to my DVD queue, but it's here, and now I have to watch it
\"Yo man, you created fire in the ocean; you're golden,\" -A
Checking out 's last few tweets. *popcorn* \n\nYou tell those idiots what's up! Bunch of fools. We should slap them all.
Back in the day it was illegal to wear shorts in the city and my grandmother got arrested for wearing them
Nice meeting engineers for tonight at . Was hoping to catch React is totally related to web performance!
My bunny scares the actual shit out of my cats lmfao
The once every so often stomach hurts so bad I cant sleep in full effect
How a guy treats his ex gf says a lot about him
We Win! The only thing I need is you cause I cud lose it all and still be cool and that's true girl
Hate when people ask why my brother and I went to different schools, because we wanted to like why else
your moving back in after you left only 4 months ago, You dropped out of school and got fired from your job. you feel successful ?
Man there's a bunch of candles on the floor
20,000 Leaks Under The Sea
I'm not even gunna tweet I'll see ya at the end of the game just watch
We don't even talk anymore &amp; we don't even know what we argue about, don't even say I you anymore I miss all of that but you don't
Nothing pisses me off more than when people say \"everyone's a soccer fan now\" like our country is playing obvi you're gonna watch so
Julian Sands, aka my first Period Drama Pantymelter, is on . His widows peak sneers in the face of other hairlines.
Dude I want to see Seahaven and Balance and Composure in September
We are in am Irish Pub in SF. The music goes from classic rock to Irish folk back to classic rock.
You guys see overacting and flopping. I see what could be a glorious Game of Thrones death.
The apps I download while drunk never cease to amaze me.
I love the way Robben ways
If someone buys me some shit from the Greek Food Festival, you will be loved forever
Building site going on upstairs in the office as they have (rightly) assumed no one will be working today, pneumatic drill to my soul...
Senior year aint shit but an upset ..
Life; it's the shortest long thing we'll ever know
Nvm 16 retweets
Tonight I'm here Bartending
Nothing is more beautiful then those game changing moments where you feel it all click &amp; you know you're in deep
Hi I have 300 drafts and I'm going to let some free I guess and then I'm going to airplane mode catchya on the flip
Hey - I had a chance to hang with you on the final stage of USA pro challenge in Denver last year. I said $8k then. Now?
Ifhy For That Movie LOL
Can California borrow some of the storm the Midwest is having? It's really crispy here.
Joey is getting shunned from our group
I had some good times and memories with my family growing up. My fam means the world to me
5 brothers, used to it. Don't let the pretty looks fool you I'm smarter than you think. It ain't shit to run game on some nigga haha
I think I still have to mature when it comes to my real love life.
This guy just came up to me, hugged me then asked me if I just showered HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
What to do, what to do
In the art of music, feeling is primary and the listening is secondary.
Oh wait, how many meals do they get a day? \nOh Never mind, I forgot I'm scared of heights......
Wait where was Isaac?
Like a successful sports team? \"You're a bandwaggonner.\" Like a piece of clothing that happens to be popular? \"You're a hypebeast.\"
they need to do a duet
Pit bills make the best cuddlers
The sky is the limit. All things are possible, Tamela's words
People will love you and support you when it's beneficial
I'm two seasons behind on Vampire Diaries but, Stefan and Elena are my fav):
FUCK YES!! The heat punch first but then the spurs have punched back REAL, REAL HARD &amp; the heat have not been the same since! FUCK THE HEAT!
Cant stop addicted to the shin dig
The new iphone needs to be waterproof.
I believe that then and I believe it now
I shouldn't have to deal with so much shit
I don't always take selfies, but when I do..I only send them to Kaitlyn.
Teens learn bad manners from their favorite video game stars. Look at this foul language
Grays Anatomy is a great show tbh
You know what I love I love that feeling of crushing self doubt in which you question everything god I love that
That's extremely vulnerable. And potentially deviant in the wrong hands. With this power of influence so apparent in the world.
i'm rooting for team usa
How long is it gonna take you to realize I love you, I've always loved you
But how good do fries oreos sound rn
I keep talking about not trying anymore, and I seriously think it's time to stop trying.\nDevil may care attitude is a good look.
someone come to cedar creek y'all
\": Here's a new benefits rule. If you can have sex, you can work. \" actual shout. Genius Dev!
My son ii bought to come back hicked out
And he doesn't know how to match his header lol
seriously anybody know where in NYC to find dog world cup jerseys?
Something comedic about an Islamic extremist with a Brummie accent. Like a cartoon terrorist.
Man I swear I'm just chilling
No one pisses me off more than my own mom, I thought she was suppose to help me an shit
shoutout to my boy who's leavin me for 7 weeks. gonna miss ya bud, have fun saving the world and whatnot
I wanna get turnt at chipotle
I'll be getting paid to feed cute little baby goats
Me and Natalia are gassin' on pauuu
They not with the team ion never giveeeeee a damn
Could I lock in your love?
I cannot process the fact that today marks two months since I've been home from college for the summer.
\"Mi vida NO es perfecta, y eso es lo que MAS me gusta. ....\"
I'm so behind lol
was just driving along with a deer running next to my car who kept staring at me so that's cool
Haven't watched a Yankee game in ages
a its .
Veremos que tal.\n;)!
Happy friggin birthday to the funniest damn gump on twitter, .
Trying so hard for this to be trending
EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU IS SOMEBODY ELSE
I'd rather have you think of me as a bitch than have you walk all over me again. Fuck you.
Some yall claim some shit but on some other Shit
Let's go Greece!!!!!!
I F**KING HATE GEO-BLOCKING! Not only does it ultimately not work, it's annoying as hell!
That three though
I feel like just leaving everything behind and traveling the world with good friends and playing soccer anywhere and everywhere.
Feeling some type of way tonight
Fuck Haha.. I honestly Dont know why I ruin everything.
that was close
LEONARD YOU ARE THE REAL MVP!!
I'm so tired of people leaving me.
working on a really cool side Project Pat
Hey Calum ..\nJust to let you in on a secret \n\nYEAH I EXIST BOY\n
I do it because I can....and well.....because I want to!!
Woow what a goal by Jones
I wish the drive ins were closer because a 45 minute car ride sucks
Let me not finish this whole bottle
Dia de Independencia estos gringos si se mandan para celebrarlo
Luckily I got to leave early tonight!
Loving all the warm love coming from Philly.
Let me take your mind off of things...
If that's what you want then have it bc that's not who I am and never will be.
Channing Tatum is FUCKING SEXY
When my mind is at rest, I do my best thinking.
Bout to moke a bowl at the gazeebo
Sunny days everybody knows them but tell me baby can you stand the rain
What am i ganna wear for this party!
too busy letting pride get in your way and this is exactly where you end up.
Need a girl to occupy my time while in New York
33 seconds in
Im sick and tired of being sick and tired. Thank you Ms. Fannie Lou Hamer
In the first minute too
today has been an illustrious day. june 25 2014. write that shit down.
FUCK EVERYBODY LETS GO TO THE BOARDWALK TOMORROW
Bruh Manuu so on
\": I like my tests how I like my men...\n\nHard.\" I'm dead!!! Hahahaa
There Will Always Be Salt , The Spring Fest Shirts Are A Reminder RT \": Buff state still throwin salt at Tyga lol\"
Mark my words usa will beat portugal and then Germany
Some worms right now would just be delightful !
El corazon profundo heriste
Everyone has a problem with everyone shit is annoying
Dempsey just gave them Ghana-rea!
Ew sweetie I don't want your bf so fucking chill.
I follow up on my fathers words from his experience
Seems like maybe we could have somethin goin, maybe not. I've got no idea
I just want to lay down and cuddle with my teddy bear
This week is going to be so crazy it's giving me anxiety
I'm so tired and idk why.
After weeks of collecting Panini stickers, finally got the team sticker today. Good omen for tomorrow!
I keep trying to convince myself that I'm satisfied when I'm really not
If you claim to Be a Heat fan &amp; you aren't hurt By this loss, you're NOT a real Heat fan
Wanting to go back to Guam already but 16 hour flight gah damn ):
Oreo starts his classes on Tuesday. Im excited but nervous....
Unless they completely change up the test chem shouldn't be bad
Penalty kicks are probably a goalies worst nightmare.
You guys make plans without me and I need to try? K
wish everything i ate didn't give me a stomach ache:(
I really wanna meet some new people
Te heart of a good country song
Waiting for one more for 5v5 at la
Conclusion - In-N-Out is still amazing!
I hate getting put on in the spot !
Lmao the people in the crowds faces
This girl at work told me she \"downloaded an app to make her iphone waterproof\" \n\n.........
\"Omg did you get shot, like right after I fucking said that\"
Here's an idea, tweet every time someone makes a 9\/11 home in a show
Bye bye NYC, I'll see you again in 2 months
I fuck while the water runnin
Telling me I can't do something is just gunna make me want to do it more.
Watching movies in my house is near impossible. I respect your films and stfu, so do the same for me &lt;3
Who plays sad Adele in a bar make it Stop
I feel like I always have to be doing productive things but then I realize that's illegal in summer FUDGE THAT.
Why paps whyyyy
Ive had like 6 different jobs .. If i wasnt moving so much i could stick with one but its whatever
More than 20' waiting at , with a reservation. :-\/
Bitch Said NATIONAL WHITE ASSOCIATION Lmaoooooo
A majority of my tweets are me trying to get one of the boys to notice me but
losin a best friend is one of the hardest things to deal with. been two years exactly today and it hasn't gotten easier. rest easy my friend
I've been told that I have a nice smile.
i like those tall kind of men
Whata snipe babyyyyyy. Let's go
I don't like listening to party or trap music all the time, sometime I just need to hear something chill with good lyrics
Hurry over! In 10 minutes I have a low tide. I'll be 31 inches below average. That's quite low.
hate when ppl don't tell you what they have to say
When I'm having a bad hair day, I pull up my old MySpace for an ego-boost.
Boris Diaw is about to be a world champion
Durante el mundial nada mas importa !
Lol actually I'm really not sleeping I only tweeted nite cus i was mad
It's like Puma designed their kits for frat boys. So tight.
I should have bought that damn skull shirt at the fair !! Ugh
My tumblr is full of flowers and cute korean ppl.
When you pour a bowl of cereal and theres no milk &lt;&lt;
i'm ready to move to Idaho to marry
sneak dissin on me thats death row &amp; u kno i keep the strap on me like velcro
Fuck my Spanish test tomorrow
Thursday is so bittersweet. It's the last day of school but I have a funeral to go to.
Finally a day when I'm off at 4pm... so much time for activities now
I ALWAYS ALWAYS LOOK AT THOSE \"RT Or this will happen\" TWEETS AND GET SCARED WHY
in the morning when you wake up I like to believe you are thinking of me
My cell device isnt my life.
Might drop The Wicked as an album\/munchy cookbook who knows
U S fuckin A
When the past calls, ignore it. It's got nothing new to say.
I'm so bored right now lol
Why have a journal when you have Twitter
Tomm is the day if we beat germany I see us getting into semi finals
Why am I wide awake right now lol
O\/ \": So nobody gonna say poor Tony?\"
i want a pancake
I honestly cannot fathom how people work 40 hour weeks for years. Like YEARS people... It's fucking miraculous
Nick Cannon what's up with them Afro? Nigga lost
\"that sounds like a chick boner\" -
Lil bit sad that I ain't going to b there for my boy Zets bday that's my nigga .
Everybody thinks they rap now and smoke A1
I just watched turtles having sex....
I forgot to cut my toe nails
I love him lol my white husband
wwwooowwww buka Fb kereeeenn..\nyaaaa rooodoook panceeeen...
Yessssss this park is excellent, I repeat excellent
Lleyton Hewitt def. Michal Przysiezny 6-2, 6-7, 6-1, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
I always get the best sleep in the doofuses bed.
I asked her her name she said blah blah blah
Some sleep is better than nada
Solid start USA!
deff gonna miss the boys tennis team of 2014. it was such a good season for them
I don't give one fuck about your boyfriend.
Not even a minute in!
This video may contain copyrighted material and is intended for personal use only!
\": People always miss you more when they see how much happier you are without them.\"
It's supposed to rain all day today in NYC .. what are y'all doing for the 4th? We still partying or nah?
Somebody give me something to fucking do RNNNNN
But then again in New York POLICE OFFICERS were stealing money from undocumented immigrants. It was in the news once ha funny how shit works
Just heard a commentator mention Leonardo DiCaprio laughingly. Everybody drink!
You have tooo much time on your hands
Me encanta que los manes tengan los brazos marcados.
Ahh not enough time at home
Woo skunk Lee is lard . I hate him. He can't even see this .
That fucking sums up the finals
I respect anybody trying to get it, no matter the profession.
I've been going to the same rite aid since I was kid, this lady still works here lol
Your dedication is not measured by how perfect you make it but how many times you're willing to do it when it fails.
Three hours of sleep a day and I'm ready for life
I'm reporting these threats against my life to Major League Gaming
Let's go !!!
I am loving Tim Howard's beard
I'm Tryna do a weekly vlog
It's like the exact opposite of what I was trying to make happen, happened
your contact name will change so quickly i swear
Portugal is shit....USA ain't nothing to fuck wit
One less problem without ya
Suck that Portugal and Ronaldo
I want to wine and dine you
8s anyone ? Good people please
I want party to come already so I can pierce my ears already
I thought I had it all figured out and the reality is that I was so wrong.
Rowdy kid to my left. Loud family to my right. And woman slowly enjoying her oatmeal in front of me.
If I could fall, into the sky, do you think time would pass me by?
Twitter can reveal a lot of secrets. Social media in general can
Hi I'm Sara. I've been trying to mat photos at the library for an hour and I'm incapable of drawing \/ cutting a straight line.
Which is why they're dumb as shit. Your nationality is where you're born, you're ethnicity is your heritage, where your ancestors came from
Raining on that wood, ra- raining on that wood
I can't have shit in my room cuz fucking people use it
3 more hours to go for !\nmeans 3 decades :p\n
No Flex Zone They Know Better
I dont remember anything from last night but ily all
The fact that Ali came and surprised me and came to my house I love him so much! Made my day.
Humans understand no more of humanity than do individual cells of their host body.
Trying to figure out if we'll still call it \"Independence Day\" once we lose all independence\/freedom.
now i'm just sittin in the studio tryna get to you, baaaaby
Jess Gag? More like Jess MAKES ME Gag
Companies finding religion in the coming months are the ones who have no idea how money works. Contraception is *always* cheaper.
Just met the guy who voices handsome jack from borderlands.
No trades yet ... But I have a feeling we'll see one soon
Another penalty shootout...Costa Rica comes on top!
Hahaha going to jump off a cliff right now
\"Fuck bitches get money\".. Nah fuck bitches get STDs
HE DICKED IT IN bahhhh
Very flexible except this isn't ballet it's soccer
I think my cat thinks she's a dog
One more game then I'm out
They grow good times there !
Confession: when I dnt feel like putting away clean clothes lying around I throw them in the wash
Anya shared this classic joke today:\n\nWhat's Mary short for?\n\nShe has no legs.
I feel bad for the people in the stands that had to take Ronaldo's shot
It's always some tiny, cheap ass grocery kinda bag you would put your fruit in at Safeway lmao
I miss old music for sure. Shit ain't the same
The Beatles rn. Just giving me the feels ayeeeee.
I'll go ahead and take credit for cursing by starting a \"Greece playing conservatively by refusing to miss\" tweet. Y'all are welcome.
Holy SG?!$&amp;!!!! USA!!! GOooooooaaaaalllllll
Kid just wrote \"I don't love you\" in his journal then handed it to his mom.
I fuck with you like you fuck with me show love to you like you show love to me
42 tell me your schedule and I'll catch one of your games this summer
No go for extra husky girls, only I can be the fat nigga in the relationship.
WH: \"noted broad participation last night in Baghdad by leaders of all national communities.\" One of conditions US set before response.
And if I'm off you everything about you becomes ugly af ahah
But why do I have to go back to work tomorrow
wow, holy fuck. you're really annoying. like shut the fuck up.
time is actually a rubbery thing. it stretches out when you really turn ur brain resources on...
It's always about learning from your mistakes
THE WONDER STRIKE TIES IT UP!!!
I prefer the rugrats pre-Dill Pickles
I get jeaaaaalous but I'm too cool to admit it
Maxi skirt with a flannel shirt? .......wtf.
I HOPPED OFF THE PLANE AT LAX WITH A DREAM AND A CARDIGAN
Swear I cant stand this b
Paging Landon ...
I'm at the library why is there a screaming child
My thumb is in so much pain
\"I lost my wallet so now I'm using a pencil case\"-McKenna
I came to you because I wanted to talk to someone. I chose you and you called me a drama queen.
Fucken fuckers drive like if they were in the fast and furious! -.~ lol
I hate my teeth so much wow
Right? That's how you young kids say it?
Words cannot describe how much I resent you.
Share button was the worst thing to come to Facebook
I made it last summer without not even one mosquito bitting me !
I hope my future partner reads also ; so we can talk about the books were reading , I love intellectual conversations
Thank God that cop let me go tonight. Really didn't want to have to pay another ticket
Ya que el video de DWUW no va a salir, que comience a trabajar en gypsy.
Met my first Spanish ginger yesterday
Damn why does everyone think these tweets are about them chillllllll
Transformers @ alamo draft house food n movies
I'm pretty sure you only win Americas got talent if you have a sob story.
if you don't text me first , we ain't never gonna talk.
Loving Mondays = Another
Manu the gawd.
I should really think about doing my laundry today, but that's probably as far as I'll get with it
Why do ugly girls get so many likes on ig
Friday EST its my Bench Warmers Live Show w\/my cohost &amp; our guest, host of SEX N BIZ, on
I have so many friends it's redic
If your data speed is frustrating you... Then you are probably blocking your next proper miracle. WOOPS!
Goodbye Santa Cruz you were amazing!
So much for Nigerians being money hungry, look at these silly ghanaian boys
I didn't even know that the Paraguayan currency was called that until ten minutes ago so why the fuck would I buy a product from EU with it?
why is my forehead so big lol
But every man is tempted, when he is drawn away of his own lust, and enticed. (James 1:14)
Thanks mom for waking up in the middle of night and check if I was okay
Lol these soccer players acting like they are getting shot in the back when they \"fall\"
I give to you my god this day all I do think or say !
Never thought I'd see the day I'd watch and enjoy soccer
The time span of how quickly i go through phone chargers is just way to quick
What a way to start the game USA!!!!!!
Chillen because I know what's ahead of me
Thank you for a great weekend of -ing around innovative social justice w\/ amazing new partners!
Que golazo, vamos usa
ghana are animals wtf
Well it's decided, I think I can make it to AC! =DDD
what an amazing goal! Let's Go USA!!
I'd def ask her to marry me on the spot
I get to keep my wisdom teeth. Swag
Awk moment when the police go to search my car (after I gave them permission) and they see my fire gear and act totally different.
That goal was beautiful s\/o to jermaine
First win goes to congrats
Why go to bed when I gotta be up at 7?
.Mistake 1: reading an analyst's market\/consumer\/product predictions. ;)
So jelly of guys with perfect skin :(
Can't even explain how excited I am for the Spurs. Congratulations!
My jealousy always get the best of me...
We know what we want, we just go about it differently. The hungry person work for it the thirsty want it instantly
Gunna fix up tjis little truck and then qork on my bad bitch
I wanna wear sweatpants but it's hot but they're so comfortable
Keri washington needs to come out with a sexy tape...starring Twesh
I AM WATCHING THE RAYS GAME ON THE YANKEES CHANNEL IN MY HOTEL AND I WANNA CRY
Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhh I lost my heart to a Galway girl
So i guess I'll just watch heartland with my cat and feel sorry for myself.
GOALLLLLLL HOLY SHIT
Marcus I am going to tell your mom about your retweets .
Trey's album is aight so far
:\/ psssh dik se IVA a despertar temprano oh sii?
Day 3 of camp life...and I'm turning into a puddle of sweat.
All I really want is you
Gosh. It is amazing how I feel after I take my hair down. It's so fucking heavy.
Well this game is over now
If u don't think Ronaldo looks like rayanne graff from My So Called Life your kidding yourself
Jk guys I learned that there's more to electronics than you think there is
Whoever talk about My Lover and My Future Wife ,Since 2004 until Forever Infinite times God damn Them
Cool hearing stories at with from 30under30
Haber si puedo dormir con este calor...
She had 3 more instruments to play!!
Can I get a Mulligan, boo? More on Waylon? When do I get American thighs? Sigh. Okay... so Waylon had a tizzy fit once about having to
Sea turtles and dolphins are fucken dope.
I'm still drunk
Never expect, never assume, never ask, and never demand. Just let it be. Because if it's meant to be, it will be.
Who's gonna take me to England rn??
i be laughing at you suckas
Im still in bedz, I started playing pvz2... k for real gotta get ready...
Gente que ponen en su Bio a su mama||papa||amix||perro||gato||vecino|| .
Uh oh. Call Landon
I ain't lit fireworks off in 4 years
If you want to laugh from rage just play with the one and only
Lol RT : Keep well Jozy! Hate to see that happen
Bring in brooks!!
every time I see a red lobster commercial I swear I start drooling
tomorrow Im going to jersey tomorrow.. yay
No matter what you say &amp;&amp; what you do... When I'm alone, Id rather be with you
A show abouts virgins. MTV has it all.
Medio Tiempo 0-1
Why numbers texting me questioning about Mari? Can you not thx
\"When I was little I thought Mt. Rushmore was naturally occurring\" -
THERE IS A FLY IN MY ROOM AND IT WONT STFU OMFG LET ME SLEEP PLEASE
Sofia the first 1x10 is a great ep for me
Well we just lost our best striker............ great
That was BEAUTIFUL
you never listen to what I have to say.
Bosnia! Make it draw!
Your attitude determines your latitude I'm fly as a motherfucker high as a motherfucker
I don't think anyone realizes how a few quarters can save a life after 9
Of all places, bathrooms have the worst wifi..
Favoriting tweets within seconds of being posted is my speciality
It sucks having literally every person hating me.
Didn't even know they made V necks as deep as this guys on the bachelorette right now
1973 ERIK GIVES ME LIFE
Pondering heading home. Can't seem to find anybody I know after the parade.
These cramps need to stoppppppp before I do
the best way to appreciate someone is to imagine your life without them
10 mujeres no es mucho yo creo k eso es poco
The Joshua Ferris piece in the fiction issue of the New Yorker is probably the best thing ever written
Day 8: People are starting to go mad and cannibalize each other. This isn't good.
I'm now 100% going to see and for and I couldn't be any fucking happier
Sometimes, you have to smile, pretend everything is okay, and just walk away.
I'd like to point out so far after 4 games, my bracket is perfect. That is all.
Baby when I touch you there n kiss you there...
Rain doesn't ruin freedom! Big salute to my boy freedoms will be poured
I needa talk to cali so I can tell him happy father's day -____-
15 seconds holy shit
Can I blow my room up instead of talking to social services please .? I'm not in the mood to deal with their bullshit this week.
Somos del mismo conrazon nos llevamos tan mal jaja
Im ready for the 90th minuet AIDS
There is a special hell for people in mount vernon who have driveways yet insist on taking all the street parking.
Fuck yeah let's go
Holy cow within the first thirty seconds!
Get up every morning knowing your a champion and you will live like one!!!!
i was gonna place the ice cubes in the cabinet then i realized
girl next to me on my san francisco flight is actually in worse condition than i am
That was corny af. The after show needs to do less
I'm not a little kid. I know what im fucking doing. Mind your own damn buisness, and ill take care of it
There's a hipster on this bus wearing a bright purple princess luna shirt. He must be a brony! ?
minha \"bias\" no Love Live gosta de apertar seios =D
When your wearing your J's and you step in dog shit&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
It's really gard to match clothes!!!
When you smoke then look back at the L , like damn I rolled this good
I think thaaaat ... I need to atleast get an idea about this apartment
Listening to Spiderwebs by No Doubt, about to clip a beeper to the waist of my pants.
I really have accepted the fact that I'm hella mixy. I don't choose to be though, I just am
\"Put it this way: 20 years ago that's a great tackle.\"
Uhhhhhh card that African for a high kick...NO reason whatsoever to bring your foot up high enough to kick Dempsey's nose.
I want to go to Mexico
NY head still hurts this :(
im about to suck dick for a bag of Doritos i dont want no one judging me.
Should I go out tonight or should I stay home?
Honestly if I could go back in time I would in a heartbeat
I need a break. Being pushed to my limits. Can't take much more. I haven't done anything wrong. Why can't my best friends just believe me.
finally my moms taking me driving lol bout time
almost put on a hoodie to go outside
And the Klinsmann nightmare scenario continues.
FFFuucccccck I'm about to go outside and dunk like ginobli on my hoop. Fuc king kiddding me??
You would have thought Ronald McDonald himself was coming to make the mcwrap the way they had me waiting
S\/O to another 4th though I'm bout to get ready for work and shit
Everyone always comes to me for advice and I have no one to go to.
I wish I knew how to make conversation and not be socially awkward
Yo not gonna lie but Harry Styles is lookin mad good lately.
Alfredsson says he will either play with Detroit or retire next season
Je regarde le match bc chipsss
AND I HOPE YOUR BITCH ASS SELF FAILS AS WELL
Right to him.
If you have children someday when they point to the pictures ..please tell them my name
What the hell is wrong with my stomach right now ?
I feel like shit right now
It's sooooooo hard to forgive a dude who left ya house bathroom smellin like mad shit smh
Better slow down\nShe'll feel it in the morning
What's good? What's up? What it is shawty?
Funny how the only and only one person I really don't wanna loose is my Mum! All you shawtys can bounce whenever idc!
what do i say alot ?
actin' brand new
Now it's time for my Celtics to win the Fuinals next season
Dormir empiernada y otros placeres de la vida!
i don't understand how so many people actually come up to me asking me where the exit is, even though its 10 ft from me + they came in there
Keep pretending you don't see me because my fist has it's eyes on you
Just spilt my entire drink on me at haiku and the whole restaurant stared at me as I tried to dry myself
Damn they don't make em like you no more
Baked 3 blueberry pies and blueberry crisp today.. So yeah, you could say it was a rainy day well spent.
The girl that gets to one day wake up to Jacob every morning is the luckiest girl
Possible Kevin Spacey siting this morning...
Alwayz finna protect what is mine!! And i can bangg that!
Why am I getting exactly zero cuddles rn this is not okay
And too many compliments on my eyebrows today lol.. Too bad they're not all mine
Got the draft to look forward to then another full season of tanking
Well chose the hard way. At it will be vs vs vs 4 the WHC.
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Its official I don't have a life.
When queer people insult other queer people with queer terms annoys the living shit out of me.
Ive been off twitter the past 2 days!!!! Wtf. Someone tweet at me
Happpy birthday to my nigggga tae ass well ! The big 18 nigga, have fun and TU (:
Just found a massive black bruise on my leg from this weekend. I suck and pretending I can drink like an adult...
That's why I'm single.. Punk ass can't say hella but can say \"dick you down \" while sitting a cross from you in church ?
tko remix with j cole, pusha and rocky slaps
HAHAHAH I SAID I FEEL THE KIDS SKAKJAHAHA OMF
she thinks she can do anything now thats she's 19, like bitch you live under my mom's roof, you follow her rules, not your own.
I was all in bed comfy and another bug hit me so who the hell knows how many are in my room now I got hit like 3 times
Broke out a sweat trying to open a package of cookies
I don't even work today why am I up
Let go of the hatred, animosity, negativity, jealousy. Done and over it. Too much stress and time wasted. Time to start fresh.
All day I've just been moving from my bed to the couch to the kitchen
Kj naman tong mga kasama sa bahay manunuod sana ng san francisco giants namoyy!!
I wanted to turn up in bajaa
I feel like I have to watch what I put on Twitter cause my boyfriends gay ass friends be on my shit -'- &gt;_&lt; lmao
You know someones ur best friend when theyre in ur snap chat top three best friends
Uk Ms Mertz didn't prepare us well for this regents cuz on the first day of school she told us chem = a chocolate chip cookie recipe
Just wanna go to a giants game
I'm a bulls fan but drose is a bum
Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller. Wanna be wit a baller shot caller
there's no compromise ... take care of those problems
Fuck a baby i want to live my life first
My mom got me watching the awards
Also need a couple of rip jeans ans shorts.
hi jake ryan just remembered that you follow me lolz s\/o to yuu
do you ever just look at your crush for hella long and realize they actually kinda ugly
Meghan Fox is still my wifey since the 8th grade
THEN THERE'S A PROBLEM WITH YOU, BECAUSE IT'S ALL LOVE OVER HERE BRUH
...They haven't formally fired him, and yet they have already in essence hired Jason Kidd to replace him as head coach.
here we go Rep Gosar Nixon was impeached for less! 18 minutes I believe!!
Your very first kiss was your first kiss goodbyeeee
Omg Nationals Golf tournament in playoffs. Shit is intense rn
I love when people cough when the walk by me and I'm smoking a cigarette lol
The best thing about being New York City is that I'm not Los Angeles.
Lol Obama Kerry...1\/2 billion bucks $$$$$$$$$ for Al Sisi
Ronaldo is such a little girl. I honestly can't stand him.
When you find a girl that actually enjoys cooking, don't let her go.
Brendon in 20 dollar nose bleed or
I need to stop tweeting my desires now
There is a half hour until my birthday
Oh hey, NYC. It's been too long.
I wish Mr. Buffett would invest in (SWET) clean energy. The Buffett Tower sounds nice.
Id rather eat ass than drink cherry uv
Watching the scene in Empire Strikes Back where my dad and I argue politics.
She's ratchet and is obviously looking for more attention.
I need that trip to canada more than I ever needed it before.
One more spot to go. is gonna freak to see his first single is number 1.
Mannys mom is funny.
37 selfies later and you're personality is still just as bloated as your ass.
I regret a lot of thingssss
Tim Bryant just killed his graduation speech
Just fought a raccoon out of the charlie boy dumpster
I hate working out. But I love the way I feel right afterwords. That's the only reason I do it.
She can't sing but I love her.
Reading an essay about how Beauty can affect the Morality in a negative way around people.
Still hits me up... nigga blind
Wanna b involved but no strings attached
I love all respect for any actress who \"falls in love# with nicholas cage in a movie.
really needs to stop for the sake of spoiling things for others
\": I know I drag going but I feel like a boss walking out!\" As you should !
Project X Is The Best Party Movie Ever.
Do u think if have a chance with Jesse McCartney like seriously though do u
He was on some curve the bullet shit
\": Ima start my own family.\".... with alieeens lol
Germany was fortunate that terrorist attract never happened over there. I hope and wish that never happen in America ever again.
getting so many snap chats of the weather in Ohio. is the whole state under a thunderstorm warning?
I could study chem for a week and still not understand it
\"And she was so starved for life to happen that she became envious of my kidney stones,\" is a sentence I hope I write one day.
[Star Spangled Banner plays] [Cut to: Joe Biden mouthing the words to Huey Lewis' \"Power of Love\"]
Me on the first day of bandcamp:\n\"I'm izzy but I'm not section leader so dont fucking talk to me lol\"
Dad literally just sent me 27 smiley faces
\": I dont like that \"i hate slow texters\" then you be the one texting slow shit\" @ me nigga
Just finished arms and I feel good.
I just had to retweet that cuz Kpress gon hit 300 retweets lol
Sing to me so I know it's real
Los videos del programa estan en
I need a foot message.
THE SAME BITCH ASS NIGGAS THAT WOULD GIVE U A POUND &amp; \"SAY WADDUP BRO\" WOULD B THE SAME MOTHER FUCKERS TRYNNA FUCK UR PRETTY BITCH
Baseline 718 is available for bookings all events hit me up
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports jk
Oh, won't you stay with me? Cause you're all I need. this ain't love, it's clear to see But darling, stay with me
2:47 am n im still thinkin bout pizza bagels
Does anyone from edmunds know when we get out report cards?
No race for me today, except the race from mile 19-20.25 of my long run to get my butt into the damn lake.
I'm deadass happy that everyone I knew graduated today.
This lightning is literally lighting up my whole room
here comes another goal
So are we gonna see some fights tomorrow at qhst orrr nawwww
I love when my sister tells my mom to make me do shit as if I'm really gana do it. Bitch you do it!
According to this Macaroni n Cheese serving I just ate, I'm a family of four.
These after work naps are killing me.
Ima have the car all day Friday, it's fucking lit
Watching lost boys on the beach of the boardwalk.
Pa donde tu quiera \/o\/
Lebron is stressssssed
Eeeeek I've been waiting for that face\/bod to make an appearance since last season.
Ahhh Wyatt from The Fosters is in that new MTV show Finding Carter
This year's NBA free agent class is gonna be interesting
Platinums after graduation is a must
like I need to wake up at a decent time...
Who I am with you, is who I really wanna be.
course my parents are fighting because of me
You ever just sit back and smile because everything in your life is perfect but then you remember that one thing
There's ten men waiting outside of a barber shop in the EV. Is he using scissors or szzurp? Questionable.
tweet me in EUROPE.....\ntwitter is for flirting&amp; tweeting...\nif u want fame,faith&amp;fashion..\ngo to paris france...\nnot brunch in dallas tx..
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
When all you want is a cupcake. Life can be so simple sometimes.
I feel like I'm deprived of affection.
Gotta step my twitter game up right?
I wish somebody would text my phone..
Anyone live tweeting the first day of the Longsjo Classic in Leominster? Would love to follow the action during graduation...
Hahahahahahaha they coming back
Sucks when I start to lose interest in someone...
\": I don't need that many people around me. I'm good by myself.\"
Why did I smuggle my beer out of Kasey's last night, bring it to Dark Horse, and then bring it back to Kasey's? So fucking unnecessary..
I cant explain why your love , it makes me weak .
Es que es tan bella *o*
Ahh this traffic is a flashback of trying to get in the senior parking lot x50
Fergie needs to play an old Italian prostitute more often.
During the summer i take at least three showers a day cause i hate being sweaty
\": don't ever just sit and look at me talk plzzz its hella weird\"
lol jc when are you going to start following people?
That awkward moment when you're dressed like a walking Nike advertisement at another fitness clothing brand's marathon.
everyone and their mother was at Clinton last night
If you can remember , remind me on Wednesday !
There's an injury every 5 mins holy shit
I'll Be a rude nigga for life that's the best way too go
queria ter musicas da marina aqui
only ppl from ohio fav my tweets :(
why can't anything just work out in my favor and be simple &amp; easy for once?
Im drinking for anti-government today, in protest against an establishment which at every turn attempts to squash our actual independence
He is fine
guadalupex0 follow me on ig :)
Quite an adventure tonight with and
Happy birthday America! Let's party like you just turned 21!
School ended not too long ago and I can literally feel how dumb I've gotten
Y'all know that's the chick that liked Zuko when he was in Ba Sing Se?
hot babes in Russia....\nPutin follows me....\nPutin has ur back...\ngood friend of Marc Rich(rip- 626-2013)..\ntweet me Russia hot babes..\nYo!
Do I wanna go to Made in America or EZOO?
Thas hella bread for dr dre
Watching gossip girl for the 7th time now..
I like my princess day
Joslyn doesn't know how to get ANYWHERE
Been on lunch since I got here!
Are you aloud to listen to music whilst doing a skydive?
Maths and chemistry\": Which Subject gave you had time in High School? \"
I hate snap chatting Savannah I send her videos and she never appreciates them FDB
Twenty One Pilots should come back to buffalo soon.
I like to sleep so much I wake up exhausted from sleeping so hard
On a scale of 1 to 10 how embarrassed should I be that Dance Moms is giving me the best advice I've gotten in months?
Just like the rest of these fuck boys.
I took pictures when I was high &amp; I dont remeber taking them .. oops
*tweets with the hashtag as if cameron dallas will actually me*
Duane Reade &gt; Dwyane Wade
if you're going to rant about things on social networks, at least have your facts straight...
Just lose it Ah Ah Ah
she say i can't fuck with u dom cos u too stupid
Never pressed ..
Never anything to do in blackwood....sofuckingbored
really flipping nervous....\nUSA\n
The only championship Vanderbilt has ever own was women's bowling. Please don't disgrace the SEC with your presence anymore. Thanks.
B E A UTIFULLLLLLLLL
who are you to judge me
I just journaled about a boy. Wtf.
\": Sometimes I forget to appreciate how much I enjoy playing volleyball...\"
maia casually telling me to move here..... who else thinks i should try and move here this fall?
So many hair styles I need to try
I feel America was born the night Joe DiMaggio &amp; Marilyn Monroe first hooked up, ideally on July 4th.
i need back in my life again.
today I saw the most attractive person to grace this earth with his presence and I am so happy thanks Jesus
\": Only my brother would think it's necessary to buy a Supreme water bottle lol\" where did he get it, I want one.
Time for the bench to step up!
The sun feels hella good on my legs
I would rather be hanging with my friends today..I wish that was an option
Idk man but 5sos and album in the same sentence is still just so whoah
I really wish that this could just be easier.
still feeling some type of way over Mexico being out of the wc
You had good but I could give you better
I know i'm not the only person that would do it either
Some nice ass weather right now. Love warm nights
Manu going off
Anthony Davis is about to have a killer season
Dis shit like playn cards never show a bitch yo hand
I will give someone $8 to drop a burrito off at my house and you don't even have to spend time w me final offer
This thunder to loud I can't even sleep
Fiesta nga ni San Juan wala namang tubig sa gripo....hai
No joda este.. Se va a quedar sin pierna el chavalo por regalarles la magia? vaaalaverga!
And people still think Ronaldo is better than Messi?
LMFAOOO HE TAKES THE STEM OFF GRAPES AND CHERRIES TO PAY LESS WHEN THEY ARE WEIGHED.
WATCHED IT GO RIGHT IN THE GOAL HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Josh packing hammers on our way to working out... Typical
I don't feel like talking to you for the rest of the night
I think I'm gonna move away for a little while...just for a little. Maybe I'll go to Antarctica. That sounds fun. Penguins!
I just don't understand most stories of untold stories of the ER
She really disrespected me like fareall
I think I passed away. Rip to me. Still can't get over that.
Friends with tax benefits
Starting tmr, I'm going to have to google or Pinterest how to entertain my kids on a 4hr flight... Actually I might start now
Should I change my avi yes or yes
I miss this commentator! He needs to come back on FIFA 15
one of the most difficult things in the world is taking a mirror selfie with the front face camera you people don't know the struggle smh
People who get to be with their dads on Father's Day should cherish it, not everyone has it that way
I'm really trippinggggg right now lmao
I need like a 24 hour meditation to clear my subconscious.
That was two years ago, but still, I thank the stars every day.
Well I'm catching that L train home.
There is literally nothing on TV ...
Not a Vandy fan myself, but proud of the hometown team for raising up the trophy. That was one helluva baseball series.
And this is why I don't trust anyone.
Kev gets sooo much anxiety from the subway hahah
\"acavas de salir de mi corazon para siempre, nunca te ame...me confundi...pero si te quise\"
I feel something so right, by doing the wrong things
Sending Vine DMs that will never be seen to get things off my mind &gt;&gt;
You were a waste of time.
Que vaya un chico con un pitbull, me quedo mirando el pitbull y digo \"Ayyy es hermoso\" y el chico piense que le estoy diciendo a el .__.
Is being mean comfortable behavior or does it make u feel not so good?
The way they make fast food look In commercials lol
I smell an equalizer
I got nothing but love and gratitude for the people in my life right now, and the ones that aren't never mattered.
I like my eyebrow in my avi that's pretty much it lol
Man fuck my 15 minute breaks. I'm tryin to watch the rest of this game!!
I believe this is the first time turning to BET in a year lmfao
Oppressive thought turns humans into abstractions
I have fallen into a love so deep the canyons and oceans cannot halfway compare.
I love gold love love love it
I have to either be an adult or a child today...
Uptight people make me wanna take a fork to the eye
The information super highway... all the boobies and porn u could ever want :)
beer, the most essential tool when assembling ikea furniture.
to my father who tried his hardest to be here today but didn't make it. Life is tough and sometimes too much for some.
The dude next to me in the steam room is making scary noises....
There's a band called 1023MB. They haven't had any gigs yet.
I love watching the sunset and NYC starting to illuminate the horizon.
I'm a savage mothafucka, but I'm abstract!
One more, USA! Please! Haha.
I spent a solid 35 on headbands, I don't even wear headbands
I'm literally so dumb
Do it \nDo it\nDo it \n\n
Do what you want idc. But don't act like I'm the one who never tried to get you time with the boys.. that was yoy. You chose everyone else.
If we \"suck\" so bad why niggas worried about us so much? Lmaoo the Heat have their own issues
This here is a story about bobby Joe and billy suueeee
Please be okay.
\nThis episode is crazy\nok \nNot \nI really wonder what you think of this episode.
It's times like this that I really wish I had a boyfriend...
i have never been so bored in my life
But really today is like soccer heaven
Our parents are like concentrated forms of all of our weirdest traits.
Vine has become so boring
LOL fuck everyone who didn't answer
Debrah lee talk to damn much
She a dub man lmao she smashed the homie
Stealing a cab from a person with a cane is never cool.
LUCKILY I STILL OWN A VHS PLAYER B)
I need a second job, asap.
I know my mom is bored at her bbq right now when she just randomly decides to text me and say put the clothes in the dryer lol
Still dont know why ppl like Chinese Takeout
Having a cookout and enjoying the sunset with my boys out on the lake.
im pretty sure what I do with my life doesn't involve you. if I wanted your input, I'd ask.
SOMEONE REBLOGGED ONE OF MY STRETCHES SO I CLICKED ONTO THEIR BLOG AND GOT GREETED WITH FURRY JIGEN UM
why are my neighbors cutting the lawn this early
I WANNA BE THERE RIGHT FUCKING NKW
poppin straight budweisers allllll day bud
Nice! RT : Got the job at footlocker! Lets gooo
Hadn't laughed that hard in ages.
Yo like who tf rights that he deserves to get punched in the face
\": NO ONE can change a person but someone can be a reason for a person to change\"
Bangtime for Costa Rica right here
I'm an asshole and I'm proud hahahaha
Lauren Davis def. Alisa Kleybanova 6-1, 6-2 in the 1st Round of .
The best part of reruns is that you can't tell if they originally aired last week or 20 years ago
GABI WILSON DANMMM ONLY 17 SO TALENTED
Weak ass bitch you gonna get your niggas jaw broke talkin like that
Mother nature can hold these nuts
I'm salty as hell Kabine just called me out like that. lmfao.
Just goes to show, no one can be trusted
Pharrell is killing it. He's really winning in Uggs. Theo take notes
Just spent a half hour trying on clothes. Well 28 minutes of it was me staring at my unclothed body in disgust from multiple angles.
Who needs a phone? I got to many I needa sell lol
You ain't shit till I made you feelvlike you were the shit
I came home and my mom was shocked I was home this early. I'm usually never home before 3am when I go out.
Some \"nouns\" especially people are a waste of time.
Aww my managers going away for her birthday this week aww what's going away? I'm going away for mine too!! To my job!!
I'm like tanky yall don't fuck wit savage
2-1 YASSSSSSSSSS \n\nIS IN THE LAST 16'S
I fear nothing ,no one , no animal , but put me in a room with the smallest spider and I will die
Guess he gave u thingsz I couldn't give to u
30 seconds in and we score, this is our game
Fuck I need to get out of bed
I'm gonna get tan this year I feel it
Source code management war never changes.
It's about to July... Holy shit
My connect got locked up overseas
My mom diff ..I love her bf RT : I didn't care who my mom was with as long as she was happy
When celebs have public mental breaks we should use it for mental health awareness and not just to make fun.
I like laying in bed cuddled up with my pillow pet with nothing but my laptop shining.
Niggas hating because I stand out now
planning and hoping and scheming and dreaming
\": are naturally caring even if they do not show it on the surface.\"
Pero like I got some business I gotta handle before I leave
So many high waisted shorts and crop tops omg
is never going to happen
Thank you jesus for this heavenly break
Challenging someone's manhood gets shit done
Physics professor Keith Hernandez \"if it's up it didn't sink\"
I'm up like I don't have to be back at work tomorrow
RIP $870 you will be missed.
Ang daya ng zombie sa left for dead movie,may sandata na sila.
Went to the dentist today and found out that my 12-year old molar just started to grow in
My other animal felt jealous and told me to shut my lonely ass up.. Don't worry bruh... You my second fav
World Cup soccer is pretty frickin awesome
Who gives a fuck if Mikey follows a porn page its his Twitter not yours.
It's a wonderful world of dick
Stop ignoring me
cool friends to go to bowdoin and eat ice cream with this summer would be sweet
The middle finger has become a big part of my daily life
Pinches mamadas la amigas de mi ama llegan ala casi como si fueran de ellas !!
6am wake up won't be fun with mind running wild
Nothing clears my head better than Mary
K I'm out you take too long looking up facts nub.
Watchin a goal scored after watchin these long ass games is the most rewarding feelin!
Wowwwww DEMPSEY!! Holy shitttttt this is crazyyyyyy!!!
The teammates of LeBron James just completely gave up on him
Where tf is Le Queen Minaj!!!!!
This whole schedule change at work is gonna kill me.
Ashley scares the shit out of me
Signs he's a fuck boy: he talks to you even though his friend's talking to you and you got a bf
\"So roleplayers create a genre, make it popular and accessible to non-RPers and suddenly we're no longer welcome in our own genre? \n\" QFT
niggas talk shit 'til they get lockjaw
So much less pressure on the shoulders of stars like Messi when they light up the back of the net
I feel like I've been so emotionally lately
If you're not in high school \nDon't date a high schooler
Everything I do is wrong. I sweaar
What a start!!! RT : USA gets a goal in the first minute v. Ghana! The Americans go up 1-0.
OMG BOB MARLEY JUST SCORED
I said white girls + black guy.. That's a orgy.
Good thing my boss knows my dad situation and always let's me miss work whenever I want.
Lost my contacts. Text me w your name 203-859-0238
Tell me it'll be okay even if you're lying
4 am and i think i might lose it
If you don't hit me up first, you'll never hear from me again
Still a 2 run lead for the Cats going to the bottom of the 9th. in to close it out.
Currently in a poke war on Facebook, it's 2014
TWEET EVERYTHING 'MURICA
\"Hendrix are you having fun in your new room\"\n\"Yes but I need a baby brother\"\nOh boy.
Do people really have the time \/ attention span to listen to 1hr+ podcasts? Most are way too repetitive for me. Edit them down!
I wouldn't miss it for a DMX concert!
Can people stop putting emojis as captions on Instagram and put something that is actually descriptive
someone please take me far away from these feelings
There is nothing worse than getting the email that tells you your SAT or ACT scores are in.
Another great hosted by ! Made new friends and got great feedback re !
my mom is such a n00b I can't
I think I'm probably the only one that can say I've never went to a gmb5 party
i wonder if these are Oreos they look like Oreos
And just for clariocation does the warriror artcart have a kenetic field or is that a sing? YOU NEVER KNOW
Baby you sound so good to me
Haha my lil bro got patted down at the airport
I need to hit up Buddha bar this weekend. Those sweet potato fries are calling my name
\": Dont send me emojis on some thirsty shit\" wait I just sent you emoljis u talking about me?
\": I'm so happy i threw away my past and found my future\" &lt;3 yes babyyyy
Why lebron ain't run up the court
Getting out of my own country on Independence Day and going to Niagara Falls, Canada with twitterless Gage
but does anyone actually OWN floral printed roshes ..
Used 90% of my data. Looks like wifi is my new best friend.
Took a nap and I feel like ok wasted my day.
It's 7 o'clock nigga that's not brunch, your eating dinner
Wait. I knew Michael was alive
ITS SUNDAY NIGHT. WHAT IS GOING ONNN
I got my heart right here\nI got my scars right here
I woke up in the 5 o'clock hour this morning.. Why in hell did that happen
Been at work legit all day time to go home n melt in my bed
How do you bungle a 5 on 2 counter? Ha ha. Like, how is that possible.
The weekend is so fucking good
I feel like I'm the only one who has strong emotional attachment with everything that I break down even if I think of departure. Sigh :\/
That feeling after you finish paying off your credit card. Without credit you cant do shit
And within the first 30seconds of the game, USA scores!
It's like everyone in my life makes shit a problem for nothing
The nice fellow sitting next to me on this flight has completely disappeared. Maybe it was the 5 hour delay but who really knows.
Ambrose is gonna ensure Rollins doesn't win the briefcase
Finessing these niggaz
It never works out when both people in the relationship act like girls lol
True say all my friends including me ain't shit
I wish the 7 train had a face so I could punch it. Fucking A.
That hurt. Just kinda like a lot.
I love seeing cute couples I wanna like sneak between them and feel the warmth
put ur fingers in my mouth babe
bitches wanna be copying my hair style too? goddam im famous
Retweet for . Favorite for !
Oooh cotton right in the beak
That lady is embarrassing in the black &amp; white
I wish there were more colors....
Pretending my henna tattoo is a rune...
I don't think I've ever been so hungry
.your World Cup push spam is bad and you should feel bad.
Can money start growing on trees? K thanks.
Kinda wanna go to the beach rn
WHEN THE FUCK DID NIALL FOLLOW PEOPLE
Summer is not meant for school
I knew it was coming!
Now that Andrew left for Europe Samantha has to get real good at frisbee
My english teacher be chatting od , she really needs to let go of my dick
I just favorited every single one of vine tweets within the last 5 minutes with no shame
Bottoms have the best [looking] tongues.
Coked out junkie. Please don't touch me.
You're only 16 you have a long time to find true love.
Dont tell em
.nothing funny or \"cool\" about disrespecting your elders, son
My moms friends ask her to hangout more then mine ask me to
Honestly if I wanted people to know about my \"relationship status\" I would've texted you..stop asking
FUCK WHY DID HE HAVE TO PULL IT
Countdown to love and Hip hop Atlanta
I got some woman that's living off me
Not with Rihanna tweeting her Navy to try and win an EBT Award.
I'm like this bc I have no friends
Why did y'all have to go and die
do it or I'll cry
ive never been so stressed out in my life
I hate when my mom fking forces me to eat man. Its me piss so much. If im not eating is because im not hungry ehh.
I'm diffferent yeaaaa I'm diffferentttt
Wow can my little sister be any meanier .
im so tired thought was driving on red water -____-
\": dammit raven lol\" man I'm just saying lmao
Honestly, everything everyone does usually grosses me out. Humans are so gross, ew.
BAM!!! tied up. Go
All we need is a tie with Germany and we're through but we deserve better than that. Let's go.
Fuck yes, so glad I was wrong, fuck Portugal
Anyone wanna go see a movie with me tonight??
Lol everyone knows everything about soccer. Stop fucking tweeting and watch the game.
This shakes graves fella could do with 1000% more blast beats.
Cool way to die: suffocation as a result of passing out in a bowl of ice cream
im gonna hide in my bed all summer
I just saw a girl almost as tan as me.....
well of course I'm still up I live in the city that never sleeps
I've been thinking so much lately
Who is that in all that blackkkk
I dont think I've ever laughed so fucking hard omg
Guess I'll jus keep my car on hold
i just want ice cream lmao
kinda wished I lived in the forest.
\"buried in the drugs but the feels keep comin'\"
Ashley just said shes glad im here because shes scared of thunder and lightning.
Cause you build me up and then I fall apart
This day makes me want a hot dog real bad!
Ghana jerseys are tough too tho
There is no better way to wind up a NY trip than to dine with . Sorry that the Broome Street Bar is shutting its doors.
I get so annoyed just seeing some names and tweets that's why I unfollow some people.
I love you so much
How do some people do life so well.
I am literally laughing and hating myself so hard rn because I can't play club penguin with sydney since I do not currently have internet.
Can't wait for Looking for Alaska movie to release, another book to read, another movie to watch that will rip my heart apart...
\": Someone call me I really feel like laughing like always lmao\" challenge accepted
I can't stand that I-G-G-Y joint, that song urks the shit outta me!
Must be all those words meant nothing.
Seeing what's going on in our country makes me want to vom... we're falling apart.
Nothing better than coconut cream pudding
Last Tim Duncan game?! He's 38 y'all
I retract my last tweet
I always said once I turned 22 ima cut my hair hella short..... That ain't about to happen lol
One more day to go until and The Weekend.
lowkey freaking out WHERE IS MY BEANIE
The constant battle of sweating but needing my blanket . This is miserable
I want a USA soccer jersey but I'd look like a poser, I don't even play
\": The way a woman arrives herself while she's single is who she really is .\"
Oliver's grad party, you know where he lives..the house with the Jesus light up sign in the lawn.
My TL\nJhene\nJhene\nJhene\nJhene \nJhene \nJhene\nJhene\nJohn legend \nJhene \nJhene\nJhene\nJhene \nJhene \nWhat about Mila J....y'all sleeping on her
DEMPSEYYY!! That was quick
Had a great worship experience at the Pentecostal Deliverance In Christ Church Today-Mount Vernon, NY
Cristiano just jumped dumb high yall peep ?
Swept Away is the WORST restaurant on Long Island! We've been waiting 1HR and 30MIN for food. 45MIN we waited to get our appetizers.
\"27 up. 27 down. Baseball immortality!\"
I brought a blanket and pillow into the hallway last night and slept on the floor
I had to walk outside bc I was laughing so much in Red Lobster.
I didn't realize the amount of characters that were in
I never know puto was an anti gay word. And I've been Latino for like...23 years now.
All I want to so is watch Captain America while folding clothes.
Fuck you bc 'MURICA, that's why.
Not again. More girls kidnapped in Nigeria .
One thing I've always disliked is not being taken seriously.
i guess i really am going to Boston this weekend.
wtf is wrong with you...
If you listen to \"trap\" music and pump your arms to the beat of the song and say Skrrt. You automatically piss me off
I hate people who use other people like you are literally the worst kind of human being
Mom give me a real answer please. Do not respond to my question with a question
Hello jones!!! Beautiful short
Wait, we switched pitchers AGAIN? Some Gutierrrez guy? But I love Javier Lopez. He's \"Dreamboat,\" after all.
The teenage years of a startup are vaguely familiar. We truly never want to but in essence its a wonderful accomplishment
When I'm with you there's no place I'd rather be
Sick and tired of everyone and everything
Doing as little as I can cause Netflix is calling me rn
my local gamestop was sold out of Kinect less version of xbox one...
Shit gets real when my read receipts go on
my head is ponding like thunder in the sky lol
That first greece pk was soooooooo filthy damn
Camino fuera del metro. lunes y atodos los schiquillos les digo: Let's Make Love and Listen to Death from Above
Thank god for coffee to help me get through today
I love when Elsa becomes pretty during let it go
Accent chairs be like \"Why can't you understand me?\"
I took about 6 benadryl pills today and to think it would have calm my allergies... nope not at all!!
I like when u speak for ur kids
BOPPITY..BOP\nBOP BOP BOP\nTAPPITY TAP\nTAP TAP TAP\nSounds much better\nthan it reads\nJust like me
cassi's god is the cutest noodle ever
There is a ballerina named Jackie on so you think you can dance this season
Marshall and lilys relationship on how I met your mother is perfect
Really slept 6-6 last night
I have a lot of new followers
I got em sayin who dat who dat
Only a Brit would call a July day of 79 degrees and 37% humidity a \"cauldron of heat.\"
The fact that they are making Looking for Alaska a movie makes me really pissed and I most Likely won't see it.
Strike up the band, the win! 7-2 over the gNats for their 2nd in a row! \n\nW=34
HOY SE BEBE!!!!!!!
I mean you should feel special...
I'm tired but can't go back to sleep and my tummy is hungry !!
But when I go through 4 gigabytes of data In 2 weeks... That's a problem
I tried to beat so many of my fitness records today and only beat one... Awkward
Gotta love it
I'm tired already. Smh. It's only 8:30.
Is it okay to not be okay?
Mr Grande has started the night by marking the ground where ran out of bounds, setting Valley Stream football back 5 years.
Pffff let me know if your bout that action and down to do it live for PJBDAYBWA2014
Why do i gotta go back to work tmmrw wtf
Omfg I was just thinking on that movie the other day!!!
Not gonna lie, Kanye could be considered one of my role models
So I work all week again haha
Cuando la fuerza del hombre se acaba, ahi es cuando la fuerza de Dios comiensa.
I dreamt about a girl I don't even know
For a minute there, I lost myself.
Ew now I'm sad. I need someone to cheer me up
Had the best ever. Went straight from a Susanne Bartsch party to at 6am, then re-binge watched HOC all day.
When you finish making your mom's birthday cake but she fell asleep on the sofa.
Wow my tweets are even clairvoyant
I had my ups &amp; downs\n\nbut I always left right
They just need to put wondo in
Its been 3 days why are people still putting up prom pics
Oh you made because nobody ever did it like me ?
I think I'm kinda done. It's not worth it
There will be a day when I will not leave my phone charger at job 1 and my house.
Wtf he married her ! And they been playing daddy and daughter in Tyler perry movies
lol I was plucking my eyebrows and decided to make my eyebrows thin...kill me now or naw
Fucked up my shoulder, now I can't lift!!!
Please call me bae I have been waiting l day for this!!!!!!!!!!! Please call me you will make my whole life please!!!
Looks like Greece just missed an opportunity to score-dalia.
fucken lost rn and I swear I can piss galloons
30 SECONDS IN DOEEEEE
I cant deal with this right now, are you fucking serious..
\": I love taquin .\"i love christina
never show affection to bitches my heart dark blue,chasing dreams is so much stress tht shit cost too
Dempsey takes the Liu Kang kick to the face.
Get off twitter and go to bed.
Taxi cab driver forgot to turn on the meter and asked me to name my price. He actually refused my first offer as too high.
I don't even smoke and feel so hard for cigarette smokers, 6\/7 per pack? RIP
I miss my babe. so much.
\"I believe that we will win!\"
You make me soooo soooo mad like frfr
damn edc just makes everything so unappealing lmao. no wonder people call it home lol
Then your friend got thrown in the pool
Spain vs. Australia is the only match of no consequence today. Spain also didn't wear red once this World Cup
My coworker: \"Its kinda hard to masturbate at home with four cats.\"
Hello baby can u come over ?
HELP QUICK HOW DO I TIP DELIVERY PEOPLE???!!
Other broadcasts are talking about how our uniforms look...
You ask me shit that you know is gonna piss me off then when I flip tf out you're like \"omg you're overreacting\" foh
\": maan wassup im trynna smoke\" hit him up.
I am hungry! Can these people wake up now or nah?
Yes, I can see her almost perfectly in this cracked darkness.
That awkward moment when u send the wrong person ur snap -_- stop fucking up naj.
I'm not sure why but when I heard sinister prawns I thought of Angelina Jolie
I miss you but at the same time I hate you
Pandora knows wassup with these corridos
my my my i i i m drinking alone
I'm exhausted and I've literally done nothing today..
Olmasada olur dediginiz bircok sey hayatinizda olsa daha mutlu olursunuz
Need motivation to clean my room
Girl Meets World - a Boy Meets World spinoff documenting the life of the pre-teen daughter of Cory and Topanga Mathews. DISNEY'S BACK.
Hate when people expose somebody cause they are \"thirsty\", i mean you coulda just dubbed them and left it at that
when do I start modeling for AA or free people ?
Why does he have a sweatshirt and uggs in lol
I religiously stalk like three people on twitter everyday...
shoutout to whoever left a full Arnold Palmer in my car
Gay pride was amazing but all the straight people ruin that shit
Today was a great way to start off the summer
Thu Jun 26 2014 04:09:54 GMT+0000 (UTC) - Modis Flood Map Server processed 2-day composite Tile: 120W040N Date: 2014-176
Some ratchet hoes sixteenth in Planet Hollywood and they're twerking on tables
Miriam was quite the littlw stoner back in her PV days LOL
I love that USA doesnt really flop
Whose going to the Chicopee fireworks tomorrow?
I spent way too much money yesterday
I should just listen to my brain sometimes
\"Why did 6 want to date 7?\n\nCause 7 8 ass\"
Espero le alcance a para empatar...
STOP COMPARING SHAWN MENDES TO JUSTIN LIKE JUST STOP
I feel like 's snap chat is always hacked and spamming me with random shit.
Doing homework in my car 10 before class is my speciality.
\": -- come over my house. My mom on vacation.\" Imma ask my mom .. You Reyna,go to parkway
A jUST LOVE MI GI GYAL!!!
\"Do babies snore?\" \"The Titanic was the best boat I ever knew about.\" - Pillow talk with my 5 year old nephew.
Why am I so emotional? No, it's not a good look, gain some self-control.
While passing is a foundation of our beloved game, passing without intent to go forward is like watching paint dry.
I'm gonna be at the Jones Beach Theater like 5 times this summer including tonight lol
When you are close to me I shiver.
People will have tons of shoes but at the end of the month they cant pay their phone bills smh
Sobering up in a Starbucks before your sees you is the best way to go
I'm sorry, I thought Scream was a number one hit??
Watch for marshal law on the Az border. Just what he wants.
I am not under or above the influence. I am the influence.
\"We wanna get breaks out the way\" how is that my fucking problem?!
Fools need to cool it with the fireworks, you are terrifying my dog.
when your girl see me, she drop to ha knees and pray to me
Dempsey the hero!!!!
All others were not in use
Making it pretty clear who your favorite child is
went on a run with a michigan track athlete in sf and am meeting the the xc coach tomorrow morning
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay awhile
Hell yeah second time i say lets get a goal here we get it within 30 sec.
MERICA LETS GO
It's a draft but by the chants you may think it's the Stanley Cup Finals.
I have the fucking worst luck !!!
I don't hold grudges, if I do you wrong it's just me givin you back what I received
IM HAVING ALL OF THE BOYS' FEELS GUYS HELP ASFH ML ADD ALL ASDFGH ML
Add me on Snapchat: honeypopbee
your profile pic looks like a mugshot...
Thinking about working out right now......
Everything does happen for a reason.
Someone give me a movie to watch on Netflix or hbo go
I can feel the beat of the night in my chest.
I love starting my day early
Zoe Tuzzo erased the nice comment I left on her pic of her and syd lol
My cousins just dragged me up from my lounge chair to play kickball . I am not a happy camper
my summer clothes wont fit anymore! it's impractical to buy one...because im just staying home anyway and she'll be out sooooon!
just killed steven in a rap battle
Andi's resting bitch face is off the hook.
wow. seriously though, that garden looks prettttyyy, prettttyyy, pretty nice. i dig the layout, well done.
Come on Yanks stay together!
How the fuck shooters got away?
Fuck that bitch , ima put in in errrr mouth .
in desperate need of new knees
I don't comment a lot about soccer (football to the rest of the world) because I don't know enough of all the technicalities ....
At least I got a B.
This nigga Nyrell be preachin on the low
Wow what a save by Fabian Johnson for Portugal.
live a little, be a gypsy, get around
I am just so attracted to super heroes.
Are you supposed to delete all the pics?
No reason is chasing after something that's already gone.
can I just say that is so amazing? she's so classy and witty - I love her!
Magcon fans defending teenage boys they worship is the saddest shit I have ever seen.
Currently watching skate videos on YouTube
Beasley you have to do better...
you're the most selfish person I know
Out if every place my cat is surrounded by fucking bees . The things I do for love
Raise your hand if you wanna have funnnnnnnn
I was raised to put people before me, to make other people happy.
YES TES GEA YES FUCK YES USA
Bad Grandpa is hilarious.
Surround yourself with people who make you a better person
I give a lot of respect to the Algeria team.. Played really good against Germany ! And props the Bosnian manager of their team!!
Miss being 17 for some reason
Tell cbs news to get the USA Portugal score correct...2 to 2
Young and rich and out of control
I'm going to be your favorite memory.
my mom sent such a cute text yesterday thats my right hand !
Messi be like
\"Everything happens for a reason,\" I whisper to myself in the mirror as I struggle to pop my pimple
Telecinco lo llama pero vamos que pasas te sientas en silla entran 5 guarras y eliges a una, eso en mi pueblo se llama puticlub
Funnels beer out of flamingo and throws up in mouth
If Fox were smart they'd replace joe buck with Ian darke right this second.
My heart just breaks for that family in Mendota. Thoughts and prayers to them.
Ambassador Jilani emphasizes the importance of &amp; partnership of private sector
Does 2k14 really help abbreviate anything
I'm actually so tight, this charger isn't even white it's fucking beige
Or maybe I should've played you cause you don't appreciate me
here i am in bed at 10:45
Why keep in contact with your ex ? Y'all still friends, huh?
Mami wanna be mad creative while she cooking like iHambre!!!
That's a very very bad word
I think a lot of the problem is that all my close cousins have bf's now... And I don't.
I'm gonna need to drink some sangria this weekend.
I have today off from work but apparently tomorrow is the day everyone will be cooking and celebrating. The 5th of July is not a holiday.
No me gusta ese ibarbo ome ....
I've been playing a drinking game where I drink every time I find myself in disbelief. I'm pretty inebriated.
It's the 4th of July. France wears red white and blue. Go France?
About to go do my hair... Watch it be storming when I come out
24 hour shift done. I feel like a fuckin champion
What taught me. Never let your girl smoke hookah without you. It always leads to her bein a Thot
Might be trying out for Wheel of Fortune next month!!!!
Just to get smarter \/me
I'm just saying, you could do better.
Can someone please just be honest with me for once in my life ..
Really looking forward to , and for spending the rest of July-August in Berlin. Data hackers, let's hang!
How let his team get ran like that today messi woulda scored tho lol
Go to profile &amp; view all photos like b4 yall met lol
Deffo broken, look at his eyes
The vibe at the office today...You could feel the tension. So much different than usual.
Snapchat stories should have a limit to how long they can be
Why ya bitches so ratchet i don't understand
Cant wait to get a nose job xoxo
Fuck that cop sitting in a black cop car underneath the over pass near blue oaks, he scared the fuck out of me.
I just wanted her to do lines off the dick
always tryna be the good person and nice girl... No one fucking appreciates that shit they take it for weakness .K
Thanks for the Bday love everyone! Appreciate it
Come on Argentina what are you doing?
So sad when the fam leaves
060\/\/ you're cool and we play ball a lot in the park, lmk what you're doing tomorrow I just got a ball
We ain't truly friends unless we've chilled after school lol
Cable my be out but can still watch recorded shows!
cause baby this is the music for love
Sometimes I fall for the most random ppl lmao
All of sudden everyone are soccer fans
COME ON GHANA
Un pacto para vivir - la bersuit
\"but if you were too close.. then where would you even be?\" ......Alex...?
Does anyone know is Ekbland can play first year like Seth Jones
so like what time are we going to the fair tomorrow guys?
Sorry mean girls, a size 5 is only fat in your sick twisted head. And pointing out a girl much thinner than me as being fat is an insult.
SMORILI STE SA JEBENIM KOMARCIMA KOJI DOLAZE IZ PICKE MATERINE DA BI VAS UJELI.
I'm boutta make a remake of my avi
giving the ball on it
My mom just found out I drink and she said \"hey it's all good do what makes you happy\"....whhaaaaatttt???
Just realized next week Im barely gonna even be home. I work every single day that I'm not gonna be at warped tour and then 3 days of warped
Oh no... That's not good
people say yanks will get cliff lee and ytley but tell me what do they have to trade?
Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? \n\nBecause the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by heart...!!!!
SCOTT AND KIRA AHDSJSJ YES YES
If this kids the next ryan McDonogh I'll shit myself
ProTeen pool party!!!
I'm at work while my bf is laying out tanning after a swim! Fml
Only like my dogs when they're groomed.
Put ya money up bet miami win tonite
there's more to life than drinking doing drugs and twitter. LIVE your life not everyone needs to know what you're doing every waking second
I know I'm actually sick when I start taking pills
This game is getting intense
34 seconds!!! Let's go USA
just started watching. what'd I miss?
AND I LEARNED TO LOVE MYSELF MORE THAN I COULD EVER LOVE YOU
Me di cuenta que el orden de mi pieza depende del mambo que tenga en la cabeza
SRIRACHA IN MY EYE. REPEAT, SRIRACHA IN MY EYE
\"guess what\" \"what?\" \"nvm.\" \nseems like you wanna die.
The Avicii concert in Boston tonight is why you don't buy drugs off random people at concerts ladies and gentlemen.Who knows what it is.
It's gonna be 3am and I'm hungry smh
Give him a kiss, tell him do better.
I'm really on this money grind. I've been grindin and grindin and grindin
ANDRE DE SHIELDS !!! SLAYING US. LOUIS JOHNSON. GEOFFREY HOLDER. SLAYING. amazing show.
Okay I'm going to bed now this is ridiculous
me: \"that's what you're wearing? you look like a hobo I hope you don't see any of my friends\" \nmy mom: \"I will\"
\"If to love each other is the job, then the happy life is the salary.\"
Lying in bed craving - I already know it's going to be a nice staycation
WTF ARE WE DOING
OH 50 times a day at : \"you should add to that email.\"
KRHV 240359Z 30010KT 10SM SKC 20\/11 A2995
State troopers are starting to make my morning commute a hassle.
time for kamshizzle to bring out her game
get it how you live annie live yo life.
Ball at satalite? Ill scoop whoever else
Cold Spring CC unis are the Oregon of Job Uniforms
wow im experiencing a fear I thought I'd never have, ship rides:\/ and idk why, I want off
That awkward moment when you order a Quesoritto but get a stale Doritos taco wtf
AWESOME day in !! Looking forward to the rest of the trip =) and Godspeed.
Tough question: Which jersey should I wear to the game? Chris Webber or Corliss Williamson? :)
Race, gender. nationality, culture, nor religion have to do with faithfulness. That's all on a person's morals and values.
fueteeee manooooo -.-
WHY is this Brit in my house arguing w\/ me about the Star Spangled banner?
I have mixed drinks about feelings
I'm so tired. Work was crazy today.
I've never focused on a husbands love or for a man to love me, or to obtain and retain love from a man
! Wait..... Wrong night er...
Shake It For The Man Of The Year
But first, it's time to buy alcohol
Step sister graduating tomorrow .. Wtf am i going to do with this hair laawwddd help me
Olive garden is def a must next week !
I'm so hot rn I can't sleep, so just gonna watch Pompeii
I love the fuck out my boyfriend . People can say what they want I'm riding with that nigga till the wheels fall off ,
To see if people actually read my tweets so my followers retweet this if u actually read my tweets if u don't ill stop tweeting no point
\" I'll TAKE ANY COLOR OF COUPE EXCEPT GREEN. \"
Family feud is actually really fun to watch
Can we reschedule 4th of July please??
I just hope to be a father someday, I think I'd be good at it. Something I'd relish.
twist &amp; shout was definitely my favorite part about ln
Whoa whoa whoa who the fuck gave you permission to text me like we're buddies?!??!
Red tide at work on the fourth.. This day just got even better
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x116
As long as the beat knocks, I feel no stress.
Retweet if you this Sunday!
Someone come over! Or pick me up!
madison montgomery e kyle apoiam essa causa
We want Jackson We want Jackson We want Jackson We want Jackson We want Jackson We want Jackson We want Jackson We want Jackson
Can't I just travel the world and be at ease?
I wonder how often I cross your mind
Can't count on one hand how many spurs fans I know.
The woods can be so creepy once the sun sets.
YAS now that there's no school I'm back to my normal routine...no going to sleep
On my way to the Knight-MIT conference at . Excited about the intentional serendipity to come.
There's a car chase by my building... I just saw literally more the 6 cop cars go fast &amp; furious on my street o_o...
Team snapchats Fourth of July thing was rather scary
Your captions be deep but you shallow as a puddle.
this disneyland comedown needs to not anymore
Never build an illusion of your self. Be Real. Stay True. To the Real YOU
Make sure you're following before launch tomorrow at 2:56 Pacific Time!
One day I'm gonna tell you all the bs that pisses me off
Chris Rock hella wackkkkk Who let him host the
Fingers crossed it successfully rains on firework-enthusiasts parades.
HOLY CLINT DEMPSEY
I love how my friends text me they are pieces of shit. Chill bae. Lol
GOAL USA FUCK YEAH CLINT DEMPSEY
you ignoring me just sets my mind at ease.
who wouldn't hate the person that you're best friend replaced you with?
do you ever lie awake at night &amp; think of how shitty a person you are bc same
it's quite amazing how wrong you can be about people
MESSI LA PULGA CRACK CRACK
Sure wish I could lay down
2 - 0
Ready to sit my ass on the beach for the day
Some new additions to my band's live set-up pretty soon. Playin the Blank Club this Saturday
I want a strawberry sunday from mcds
Here comes the LeBron haters...
I feel bad having to wake up my mom up on her days off to take me to work.. Where's my license at?
You know how you like a song, but don't want to play it out
23 yrs old but my mind like I'm 30, show up to her house clean but my mind lookin' dirty &amp; my chick marshmallow her behind lookin' Hershey.
there's just a bunch of shit I wish I could tell you
Woke up at 6 just because, starting my day early and actually acting like an adult
I'm glad I'm up here for work making money on vacation but me and my niggas would have a fucking blast here
I have so many doubts and insecurities about the future. Maybe I'm just wasting my time..
I hate people
I decided since I can't love you I just won't love at al.
I don't want to waste your time &amp; I don't need you wasting mine
I really hate when someone follows me and I wanna see what they look like but have no pics of themselves . Like that's no help
Damn son idk if I should go to sleep or not cause idk if ima have work
GO BUY HIS NEW SINGLE ON ITUNES
.Newt also makes 's salty list.
I need to have this necessary
Skip Bayless is gonna be hilarious on twitter tonight if Vanderbilt wins this CWS
Wow. What a incredible goal!!!
