I miss :'(
I've been told that I \"lol\" to much lol
don't chaaa wish ya girlfriend was hot like meee
Suprise babysitting job.
So close.......but I'm proud we came this far
100 Raws ago we had cm punk turning heal the rock and the undertaker
Every player from Ghana is surprisingly so chill when they get a penalty called against them.
NICE GOAL HOLY FUCK
HOLD ON A DIDDLY DARN MINUTE IM FAMOUS
I don't mind you under my skin
You know that I'm loaded but please don't think it's sweater
I have a work ethic so great that I still give 110% when I only want to give 99
Excited and nervous that will be at my apartment this weekend
Im almost 18 ... Damn
Like you gotta be a bitter motherfucker to still be mad after thinking about baby otters learning how to eat oysters
asap rocky is cute to me
$- are you finally on that iPhone flow ?
working right hour shifts two days in a row wears me out so much T-T
His nose is broken!
Ann Coulter is her character in Boondocks without a doubt. Her soccer article was straight out of \"The S-Word\" Episode of Boondocks. Lmao
Yea the condom tearing up. That mean the pum pum tighten up
This summer has already been a million times better than the school year
I never been on a date though. I'm mad awkward for that lol
i just leveled the case of strawberries at sams club so i guess you could say i miss meat farms a little bit
You may not be asking for it, but most people will automatically get the wrong idea
So I was pulling tape off the ground in the gym that stretched all the way across width wise, got my feet caught in it, and fell over
Penn station at 6 pm on Friday is equivalent to hell.
My girlfriend and i just did the reverse surfboard ... Nbd rn
UPDATE ON : The search zone has shifted into the Atlantic Ocean and the debris that washes up on the NJ beaches.
Can't stand the sox right now man
Josue that was trash man, go home
Game fucking 5; trophies
.Quite....but then you all know that. ;)
A curse upon the rogues that neither shift nor stir as I initiate my exit from the crowded train. Your day will come.
Both and series were much better. needs to fix its east-west problem.
I just want to hug Nash really tight &amp; cry in his arms
Congrats to the Pawling High School Graduating Class of 2014. Couldn't have asked for a nicer day.
if I was able to get the hours I wanted and the pay I wanted then I would be working at one place and one place only
Lol can't call me fake, cause if thats the case the bitch been fake a LONG time ago. Im schleep doe
We're livin' the life, we're doing it right. You're never gonna be unsatisfied.
My dad don't wanna get up like wtf i wanna go eat a lobster
Accident, left lane blocked in on I-15 NB before Oak Hl Rd stopped traffic from Cleghorn Rd, delay of 60 mins
Yoooo Ghana wtf was that!! Fastest goal ever in World Cup history?! Wtf ... Sad African
The needs to get their shit together.
Joseline wanna be Rihanna non speaking english ass GMT UGHHH
YES YES YES YES YES
Who wants to meet ?!?!?!
Time past and time future\nWhat might have been and what has been\nPoint to one end, which is always present.
I actually feel like an outsider bc I don't pencil my eyebrows
Tell me how much I mean 2 ya ... In fact show me
Thinking I should sleep before I get in my feelings.
And just like that, Hirok's wheels come flying off
I dont see what yall niggas see in true religon ...
HAPPYYYYYYYYYY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYY TO MY YOUNG SON MANNNNN !!!!!!! MAKE THE BEST OUT OF YOUR DAY KID xoxo
I wonder if my families done hogging my niece yet? Because id like them tic come home so I can play with her
\"These dogs are wizards\" -
I got paid a day early woo !!
I cant wait to not leave me house at all tomorrow and just do whatever the ff I wanna do!
JERMAINE JONES !!! !!!!!!! WHAT A STRIKE!!!
Hahahaha! That's funny. RT : Bar is screaming ! USA! In a garbled moment it sounded like NSA! NSA!
So desperate I might just hit up my ex lol
Doggy why you so fine my goodness
Y es Maracaibo, Maracaibo es otra cosa lo sabe quien vive en ella
How easy is the process to adopt a puppy from the shelter?
Words cannot explain how much I love Camille.
O Justin acha que eu sou rica pra ficar comprando 56665665 perfumes
I have 5 or 6 water bottles in my fridge and I'm going to drink them &amp; get drunk off of water
Would anyone wanna come over for the game tomorrow or is everyone booked
Kinda wanna go for a runnn
Par contre je crois qu'on s'arreter en quart pour le costa rica
Life doesn't always make sense in the moment but in time all will be revealed for ones happy ending. SO I hope!
I give up on getting Jacob to notice me tbh
Yo me voy a casar con el mayor tu vera
Why did I Even go so far back
The food at is absurdly expensive. Seriously, a slider for $8??
Acid rap how I've missed you
I can tell if you want to see me grow..
Ok. \": [] ;; Ya Te Sigo\"
to the people who give me shitty looks when I wear my letters, I have a secret and you can't tell anyone else, GO FUCK YOURSELF DOWN A WELL
The very last penalty shot, moving on to Quarter Finals, this is unbelievable. My dad must be all happy watching from Heaven.
2014 BET awards ...all set now
Honestly the only reason I step foot in chipotle is to cop a few hot sauce bottles for my fridge
I always thought ShootOuts were the best thing about soccer. . .
4 de julio x estas tierras!
So much is happening in 8 days I can't wait!!
I have some fucked up dreams
So you're the only one, cause I don't trust these ....
HAHAH WHAT THE FUCK OMFG USA
If someone dies my opinion is only valid then right? Noted.
Running home as I tweet this to catch teen wolf on time
Gio and Zel stupid asf like people really do die in refrigerators
ICE FELL ON ME HELP OMFG ITS COLD AS FUCK
They say if money aint change you , you aint make enough.
Spurs damn near wining it again next year if they gon be that unstoppable
I won the school spelling bee in 3rd grade. Goml
Niggas hop in your DM'S to say nothing at all
Alright I guess I'm gonna have to be a big girl and make the first move.
If you found out I was arrested, what would you think it would be for?\nDad: \"shoplifting\"\nMom: \"disturbing the peace\"\nLudwig: \"stealing\"
Whoever is djing 99.7 rn is actually doing a semi decent job
Some things I'll never understand
All I want is for someone who won't let go
Sleep doesn't exist when there's a million thoughts running through your head
, Heat Fucking Suck B
My favorite show in all of television starts again in 30 minutes. IM SO EXCITED
I CRY EVERYTIME I HEAR KISS ME KISS ME
Someone buy me a kiln and I'll love you forever and ever
I don't even like the people that I like
All of my twitter newsfeed is either posting or retweeting something xD
Good job! Good job! Goal for Bosnia! Your first goal at your first World Cup!
My school recommended me for a job, I'm feeling blessed yo.
TEEN WOLF IS SO INTENSE AND ITS NOT EVEN THIRTY MINUTES INTO THE SHOW
when niggas got weed &amp; money they wanna be your friend , but when you dont , niggas dont know you
Don't stare at me while your whole girlfriend is with you, I will bust you out
There will be a nuke race in the middle-east; Japan could go for the bomb too. Reputation is hard won, easily lost.
And that's it. Good night y'all. :-) !
Idk how some girls like lipgloss....it was never cute
It's gonna be a great week
Got a lot of things on my mind I been tryna get off
Just left da lake , burn it
Another one!!! Goalllll
Bruh I never seen baby pictures of me until last week haha, how sad..
100% seeing it again before the weekend is done.
Annnnd the fire alarm is going off at the gym. Well guess that's the end of tonight's workout.
I'll make you wanna say my name boy (;
I'm gonna make a mountain of clothes and sleep in them
Things I love:\n1.Landscapers\n2.Big dogs\n3.Icecream\n\nThings I have in my life:\nNone of the above
Ahhhhhh cabs. Smells I've never missed.
Literally watching a girl vomit in the trash can in the subway right now and I don't like this smell
done: Support gifs\ntodo: Support twitter gifs
jumpin on that bandwagon
Ronaldo is offside every time
Kerry calls me \"were on our way with beer just gotta get the fireball\" prob best wake up call I've ever received.
Bueno looking bad sending everyone to the hospital
Looking for new opportunities more free time for my awesome community
These little middle school girls are walking around the fair with crop tops and their ass cheeks hanging out of their shorts. I am disgusted
Aaaaand I've got another tattoo appointment.
Schurrle's was much more creative.
I can cycle 100 miles yet struggle to run 5 miles in 35 mins
I am so downloading kareoke for the roadtrip
Colby's watching Full House and sending me pictures of it. Thanks best friend
Sister: \"do any boys like you?\"\nMe: *laughs loudly &amp; gets serious*\n.\n.\n.\n.\n.\nNo.
THERE WAS A BABY BEAR ON MY PORCH AND THE MAMA TRIED TO ATTACK ME AND SHE PROCTECTED HER CUB WTF
nuthin, nuthin \n\nu ain't scarin nuthin\n\n(relax)
To be fair to jason kidd. Its just that he loves coaching so much that he wants to coach everyones team even if they currently have one.
Christened the new house and pond with our first skinny deep of the season
is there even a train of though flowing through this?
patrick dempsey plays soccer too ???
Saskai and I gonna start fucking with ugly niggas
I'm so hungry why can't be here to cook for me.
Ppl who don't make you feel as crazy as you know you are &gt;
People know what you allow them to know.
Never have been more exhausted in my life...
What you was doing was flapping your gums!
All she needed was some
Deadass lol \": I had such high hopes for this summer but so far it's been blah\"
Ronaldo must have hair gel on his shoes
An un-loyal man is one who locks his phone, won't give his girl the password and refuses to let her go on it
thinking of getting a lil baby pug
What to do for my birthday , hmmm
ella no te besa no te toca como lo hago yo.
If you know me you know how I drink
Applying for jobs in California bc everyone here sucks
I work at BJ's, where we swear by the pizookie
I have no idea who my roommate is and it stresses me out..
Pass off my neck my back my booty and my crack
Fed up. I just feel like putting someone on blast right now
Float me to death
Omg Ronaldo lol
This was a long &amp; trying day but through God's grace I was victorious.
It amazes me to hear young mothers curse out their children in public. Dropping F bombs left n right.
When someone says \"I just remembered something\" and you say \"what\" and they say \"nothing.\" Like no bitch speak you have to now
I'm a writer you can quote it out loud
Stoves before hoes
Phil Jackson a legend for pulling that deal off. Dumbs hella expensive trash for cheap expiring trash AND 2 2nd's.
Passout at 3, wake I up at 10, go out to eat than do it again
Because nobody cares about your relationships anyway
So what team is lebron gonna play for next year?
ugh tomorrow is Monday already
Happy July 4th! We want to see YOUR pics! Kids in red, white and blue! Your local parade! Tweet them to us w\/ + some may get on air
\": these girls dont understand man...\" Haha well they proved they're obviously the wrong ones.
Sherie Renee \"\"my time will come\" Scott
Must see \"deliver us from evil\"
When I get back I'm getting to annoy you.
The boys reactions are so cute and supportive it makes me cry
This moment in time I really disloke this song haha
Nobli!!!!! Good Lord!
Man...fans still walking around in a daze here in Oakland. They can't believe they're out. That must have been a tough loss to stomach.
Hrs using his hands again Marcus
I love the MBAs they need to rotate every day
For success does not take you to look out the window it takes you to look in the mirror \n\n
Bs report and pita chips
I'm just sayin... you're in the world fucking cup! You gotta run through some pain
I just give 0 fucks at this point.
Susan Sarandon is starting to look like Steve Buscemi.....or vice versa.
\": If you want out of your bedroom...\n\n...\n\nis the solution.\" \n\nThat's rich.
Meathead Mondays at the gym. Fav night of the week!
Been a long time coming, this thing between you and me
NATHAN'S HOTDOG EATING CONTEST!! Lets go Joey Chestnut!!
Cannot wait till I burn my chem review book after I pass this test!
Who wants to talk I'm bored?!!! DM or text me :)
Why back out? I mean I could take you to Disney land an In N out all the time?
\"You're an idiot\" is probably the biggest compliment I am capable of giving
ARENT THEY IN HIGH SCHOOL WTF WHY ARE YALL DEALING WITH MEXICAN MAFIA AND WHERE DID THIS MONEY COME FROM
I look like a drug abusing homeless person.
Everyone go buy new single it's amazing
The zoo is almost as horrible as the mall
A morning of almost no time to work before going to teach. So it's back to The Fall for maximum umpf. \"Blindness\" morning. 1st up Peel sesh.
Tamara dead just got me fckin tite, its lite tho.
favorite if you would go to a party at east fishlill rec and if you want a tbh from
I JUST WANT TO BE LOVED K
RONALDO DONT LET ME DOWN
DONT THIS SHIT MAKE MY PEOPLE WANT TO JUMP!
A non-profit with brains-for-brains deserves a modest 2-figure donation $10 :-)
I am one with this couch rn tbh
These 'how much of a New Yorker R you?' Seem like they are written by people who've watched 1 too many epi's of Sex In The City
People always have my fucking name in their mouth with false information and the shit is getting annoying now. Stop worrying about me
So uh.. Why isn't there a lion emoji..?
yo imagine if A$AP Rocky signed with GOOD Music
Jelena has complete gone over the Edge!
TEEN WOLF IS COMING IN 25 MINUTES EVERYONE!!!
No one comes to my house an pulls that kinda shit
Got you shackled in my embrace, I'm latching on to you.
Stop asking Jesus to solve a problem you should be solving lazy bum!!! CV. Henry
I would leave a wet bathing suit on my bed all day
On the train with , and we're passing the Fordham station. My heart hurts.
Work is sooooo slow why am I here
Just say hunkey dory out loud in an Brooklyn accent
demo'ing the fidelity of your record is just as important as demo'ing your songs.
Why are you so mad? You lied to all of us and we caught it...
I feel that it's going to take some time to bounce back to how I used to be. If I even decide to do so.
Can't sleep so I've decided to rewatch all over again...forgot how much I loved this show
\"What did you put in my ass\"
So I &lt;3 . I emailed about being able to block creepy messages and they responded with empathy and a link to their beta w\/a block.
Remember before emojis when we had to use just our words to describe ourselves as \"Palm tree\" and \"cat face with hearts as eyes\"?
im half white and i cant stand white people. this is exactly why.
No better feeling than smashing someone's hype train haha
I had to clean my room @ 745 in the morning because the damn cable guy is coming .
can everyone shut up about this damn game i can't wait till it's over omfg
The mustache test drive has been extended until Tuesday
yu gave me the best and worst experience of liking someone
Way to pull out the stops to that clutch finale \n\nPlaying 1 man down for an entire half plus overtime is no small feat
Want to start a business? Read some business related books, make a business plan, save money, network, &amp; start your shit
All you are is all I will ever need
United States of America: Back to back World War champs.
ALLISON ISNT IN THE OPENING CREDITS
I'm at a rest stop and even though there are a mass amount of dudes here, they all still abide to the unspoken every other urinal law.
When my brother texts me cause he's too lazy to get me from the other room...
When the first selfie you take is on point &gt;
Ain't no party like a limo party cuz we don't party we just get highhhhhh
I just showered with a lady bug
The fact that I'm going to college next year finally feels real now that I made my schedule..
And it all comes down to 2 teams 1 cup.
The fact that there's a UAlbany short that says \"we pregame harder than you party,\" perfectly describes my feelings on the school.
my tweets are on point y'all are missin out
At work anxious as ever bc excited for later
LETS GO USA!!!
God damn I don't think I'm physically or mentally prepared for all the drinking that will be done the next week
Running today was probably not too good of an idea
Why do I have to go to graduation can't I just pick up my diploma? I'm so over it
THIS IS SO GREAT!
Totally goofy and contrived, but the tweets between and America's pro sports franchises are awesome anyway.
So boring sometimes lol
Not a team id rather lose to tho... Congrats to the spurs
Moron kids need to stop going to shows and getting transported. It just gives the whole electronic music scene a bad name
I mean I still do but she doesn't have them anymore sooooooo its cool now
Can we please do something fun tonight?!
How much do you think I have to pay to use Messi's genes to have a child
Seeing . ...you should work with this guy. It would be awesome. .
Still hurting from yesterday in more ways than 1
It's a hard pill to swallow I can't get over\nWhen you walked out on me\nI regret the day you told me it was over\nWon't you come back to me?
Dejo muuucho que desear Garcatina
My life is such a fucking joke I can even deal with it anymore
I like that I vent my anger to twitter. It's helpful.
And why is Derek a teenager again like I can't handle this
Re d'Arnaud if you're hitting .444 in AAA your ass belongs in the majors
I am starting bobs burgers ....
Pho, egg rolls and vietnamese coffee for dinner ayyyy
Uh oh. Get the bucket again.
tanger outlets bc this weather sucks
Lmao my brother saw the video I put of him on snapchat and then bragged about how nice his arms look
my mom and I DO NOT belong in the Home Depot store. think 6 ppl have already come up to us laughing idiots asking if we need help
Hehe... go home, iMaps, you're still drunk.
I really liked that movie and book if you couldn't tell
Why are all these hoes hitting me up lately? I ain't looking for shit. I'm effn happy with my life nowadays lol
HAPPY 4th OF JULY !!!!! :D
Im a clown for that but im weird like that lol
Being in a group of 3 and your friends start fighting.
My phone corrected \"so bored\" to \"surfboart\" so that's that...
Tengo el dedo hecho mierda me quiero matar
\"Everything is beautiful at the ballet.\"
30 FUCKING SECONDS IN YES CLINT DEMPSEY
There's a 5 year old screaming the lyrics to fancy in my building.
.less than 48 hrs!! Really wonderful. This city is the epitome of lovely - would be even better w\/ you! Come visit!!
Would just to say I met a girl cause she approached me first and went out of her way..!
You know what sucks;\n\nTaking real nice dick pics w\/no 1 to send them too &amp; then staring at them yourself. \n\nDamn, did I just tweet that ):
LA VICS HITTIN IT. The spot
Idk why I been making big dinners lately
Tomorrow from 12-2 I am goin to be glued to my phone at work!!!!
No summer school today for me , went to sleep too late now I'm too tired
In the bu just do u
How did my dad not know I'm drunk?
Shemar has the best abs I've ever seen tbh
Bitch lives in Hawaii and he's trying to tan in NJ.... Lmk y
Fantastic day on the course with nothin beats a day like that
Way too much collusion in this monopoly game
my new follower looks like the sickest dude
The boys are hungry. Send it.
Why are you people here .... One is Fourth of July and second it's pouring rain outside what do you need socks or shoes for
Aburrimiento?, eso te pasa por estar con la persona menos indicada
Where am I going to cone up with $250. Hopefully I can get a job after Peniel.
6 hour nap before a basketball game is ideal
I used to be soooo good at cod, why? Because I didn't have a life.
Ese si lo quierro pa Laura or la moni
Dylan and Tyler's friendship is the cutes on and off the screen
Having a wonderful time at Lauren Steele is a jewel and my food was delicious. I may never leave...
It's not a productive day of futebol unless I nutmeg Dardan. Which I always do
I'm not gonna lie, I miss high school a lot
I might as well tell people I work at a Kid Rock concert with all the mom butts I witnessed
Feels like I've been kicked in the stomach and punched in the head.
\"What did you do the day after yesterday?\"
Then we f*ck all night till things get right
I'm legit going to have a breakdown rn
this girl next to me is blowin up the bathroom... been there, done that.
The size of this mosquito bite it unreal
Talk to me nice or don't talk to me at all
it's cool I didn't want you to text me back anyways.
You know your at your lowest when all you have is just to hope for the best
Why is there no candy in my home
\"They wanna see you do good, but never better than them. Remember that.\"
ARC THE STORY OF LAND AND SEA -exceeds the breathless hype: captivating, lyrical, haunting
ITS THE ILLUMINATI
If you really know me @ me quoting something I would say!
12 left in . CAF 2 . CONCACAF 2 . CONMEBOL 3 . UEFA 5 .
Yo... Were you drunk at a concert last night.... No way... So cool... So college..
You know you aint shit when you gotta keep repeating yourself about the things that make you feel like shit
UGH MY EMOTIONS GO FROM ONE EXTREME TO THE NEXT DONT PISS ME OFF FUCKER.
It needs to be tomorrow at noon already
If I don't follow you please retweet Little Mix
I guess I'm going to sleep now. See ya'
Any parties happening this weekend? Like man I need to have some fun.
That person is \"currently\" more famous than me. Just give it time.
Mcm me so I know it's real
Neva rate da weezy performance deh
You don't need anyone. And if you just WANT someone remember that desire ultimately leads to suffering. Do you.
I actually really hate soccer.
And spiders! I've seen 3 throughout yesterday and today
\": Siw bezwen leve plim sou dom relem \"sista, ti cheri, ti bebe.\"\"e ma poulette la ?
Matt gerrish is my second favorite person I think
Wade is a faggot
Not being productive tonight may bite me in the ass. Oh well
Super interesting new Regional Index, comparing regions on health, education, civic engagement, and more CC:
I need to eat SOMETHING like a bec on a croissant from dd lol preferably that
Will you hunt the souls of My people, and will you save alive the souls for yourselves? (So called prophetess of God)
I never thought high point would be a welcoming sign.
You know I will do it with love...and tenacity
After a day like this I just wanna cuddle and fall asleep... Snoring too lol
Annoying sports fans, are we allowed to refer to the US national team as \"we\" and \"our\" or are you still annoying
Highlight of the evening was comparing high school to a 5k race
Expecting to pay $2.50 but ended up paying almost $6 for a car wash
If I unfollowed him u should prob not favor my shit. K
Damn my last night home till august 11th nd i couldnt sleep for shit
I really love . It makes me feel good about the future of literature.
Had a good time camping
Board room practice... About to unleash on
Camryn leibowitz: the type of girl to call her drug dealer in the middle of a restaurant
That went muchh better than I thought
But we all know how this gonna go
don't try to take my insecurities and say I'm hating on u bc of them. hello we all have fucking insecurities bitch.
\": Asha should've dropped those bags and gave Becky the bop\" lmao
Stoppp txtin me !!!!
the fact that I just drove for a half hour and not a scratch on dads car besides his face print on the windshield makes my day.
Living in an apartment complex is such a struggle when Im already at my door but forgot something in my car
This goes out to the people in my city tryna to diss, I love to see you fail that feeling there is the shit!
my mom went to hand me a mcchicken earlier &amp; she dropped it i was hella hurt like ma how you gon do me like that after all we been thru :(
Sorry you don't have a car &amp; you got a D.U.I
A man in a wheelchair slowly walks down the stairs, wincing with each step, but determined to put a candle down at the
Typical fucking nani.
So what's the plan for tonight
That US goal must really sting for Ronaldo
Tell me you guys saw Messi's footwork for that goal. Amazing.
No Matter where i gooo, I See The same Hooooeeeeeess
It's really weird how a group of friends can just pass the same girl around... Is guy code not applicable in real life
Couldn't nap yesterday so by the time I get home later I'll have been up for 24+ hours. Thank goodness for carpools!
NO ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY TF
That Veronica Vaughn is one piece of ace
So many ridiculous parents on Facebook today. \n\nThey are making themselves look hideous.
God bless America
What to write on the twot...?
This is why i hate soccer
Job hunt td because I need another job.
Woke up this morning and pissed freedom
If anyone thinks they want kids, take a car ride to the shore with 3 6 year olds.. I promise you'll change your mind
\": oh lol I was weak af\" all my family hella upset ahahahah they still turning up though
running through the sprinklers after practice has become a routine
Pride Week got me like\n\n\"Pussy like girls; damn, is my pussy gay?\" -Nicki Minaj
Crash Into-A-Children's Hospital Bandicoot
Finally get to see Rhaegar again ...
Does anyone REALLY give a fuck about the 4th of July?
Love is stronger than any addiction. Hell, it is one.
that was GARBAGE
HE GON FUCK DAT PPV UP ANY GOD DAMN WAYS. GIVE THAT MAN HIS SPOT SONUVABITCH.
Tatyana Ali looking like me in 20 years
I will never give up on something that I love
i have the inspiration to draw but no motive
1st yoga bob workout in a long time. Here's to another summer of me not falling over mid pose and crushing my cat
You know Kyrs feelin herself when she's standing on the toilet to take a picture
\": Girls who claim to be ugly but forever post selfies are annoying.\" sorry
So what if it's crazy ? That's gonna be me.
Cause no ones hurt me more than you , and no one ever will
How did Amazon do that? Was just crawling around pulling out cables to restart a modem and amazon fire TV box woke up and turned on my tv
\"Forget your G Code, I'm on that Bitch Code. Ya hearddddd?!\" Love my best friend.
everyone thinks this girl is so classy and pretty uh no i remember how much dick you sucked years back, chill out
But then again....I'm to chicken shit to move to a country where I don't understand and speak that native tongue.
I swear my friends are going to get me killed one day.
I don't wanna deal with that shit anymore
Game of thrones finale and hopefully a spurs win will top off the night
This is the most excited I've been for a TV show in a very long time
Don Baylor coming back was a great thing
I took a shower like 15 minutes ago and now it's all dried
Idk what it is but your just my type
Commissioner comp: B.Selig $22M, Adam Silver unreported Roger Goodell $44.2M, G.Bettman $8.3M
Work out mode in full force!
I have this weird skill called stalking. Yeah I'm pretty good at it
Holy fucking shit she really said that.
\": It make you look old when you show up online late to a Meme party..\" coming from a 50 year old lmao
Jermaine Jones aka Rahdeen Russell's father
I was falling asleep half the time so when Germany was taken to extra time I thought it was a dream
Tough luck, my friend but the answer's still no.
Kbbq before camping cause my coworkers are princesses
QUE GOLAZOOOOOO JERMAINE JONES!!!!
\"Yeh he could totally be a terrorist\" my mom describing the little creepy man at the Valero gas station lmfao
This is disgusting.Corruption at its best.With the President at the top. How long before we take action?Like impeachment!?!
Bloody nose for Dempsey. Not good
i always forget how long The Parent Trap is
I'm starting to see baby movements in my tummy now!!! Little twitches and bumps. I'm in love
I just want to make love and talk about a master plan to take over the world
I wish we were more than friends..
wtf I wanna go inside already
All I'm thinking about is my packed out bowl laying next to my big giant comfy bed in my ice cold room and my big cuddle bug.
\": bananas don't need filters they are always flawless\"
I really do need to start working more though ..
In middle school I was ugly, now look at me, in high-school and still ugly
Soooooooo.... What happened to those bastards that broke his hand? We just skip over them?
Erik: \"I didn't choose Geneseo, Geneseo chose me\" YOU DONT EVEN GO HERE
Reports saying United signed Ander Herrera
I just fell asleep for 2 minutes and I had a dream about my ex trying to kill me...
I just made a new friend tonight &amp; she really sees eye to eye with me &amp; is such a good person
Having an evening snack before dinner of strawberries and blueberries
I want double dates just so I can go home with my friend after&amp;talk about all the ridiculous things that occurred&amp;how boys are stupid.
I'm scared of the ppl who wear hospital mask through Times Square
Ustedes no se imaginan el frio q yo tngo
Kickoff time! Do or die! Good luck to both teams!
People are so weird and interesting
Alll I'm saying is the more you act like a bitch the less I wanna be around you smh
shes so funny i miss her
Watching &amp; did Vicki just say
Holy shit are bus driver is going 55 getting touched by every vehicle
Conversation I know I'm going to have to have: \"Mom, I really did need that blazer and those trainers. Like uoeno.\"
I have another take home test due tommorow please help
Bazi kesimlerin onayini almak icin ozumuzden sasip gulunc duruma girmesek keske.. Bu yol Hak yol zaten, O'nun sevgiside onayida yeter bize.
IM DONE. I FELT A TICKLE FOR LIKE 15 MINUTES BEFORE I ACKNOWLEDGED IT AND IT WAS A BEETLE CRAWLING UP MY THIGH BY MY UNDERWEAR.
If you don't have emojis by your name in my phone I really don't like you
Congrats to Vanderbilt on winning the college World Series
I just had a panic attack wow i need oxygen
Ronaldo is having a horrible World Cup
Mal so what's IP for ANDREWS BIRTHDAY?! Ily guys xoxo
Everything that has been happening this morning is so fabulously lesbian.
TY Anna lackey for completely exposing me on twitter and snapchat
dont wanna talk to you but miss you like hell
What is everybody in NYC doing today? ??
Waiting for my sheets and blankets to get up out this dryer so I can make my bed and lay down with my sleeping beauty
After every brush stroke I was like \"I'll fix that later\"
It's so nice I just wanna lay outside all night
AKA we both have food babies &amp;are going to slip into comas when we get home...
John just body slammed me.
I am so bored
In roughly 7 years I should be sporting a shiny, new, bionic pancreas
In 2010 they ran against one another until we called them out. What has changed? Why is the media falling for 2010 shenanigans. \n
Saying we can't walk at a certain spot
If people would wake tf up and answer me I would buy them stuff
the more you break down the wall of fear,the more powerful you become
Day 9: School's over, HHOF inductees announced and got drafted by Team Snipe. Today was a good day.
Oh god.. Chopping it off tomorrow
In rite now we need GOD'S DIVINE INTERVENTION TO STOP ALL THIS. MY PRAYER IS THAT GOD OF DR OLUKOYA WILL FIGHT FOR US. !!
That'll never change
only you got me feeling like this
-.- Yo no tengo paciencia en este salon
Favoriting every single one of someone's tweets isn't gunna make them like you
Oh crap finally supports publish! Dreams are coming true.
\" no she's ugly and has not eyebrows\"
\"My cousin broke a mirror right before the 4th and he had firework shot at his butt\"
Whenever I leave deadass kathy is the only friend I keep in contact with
Tanning in Central Park tomorrow.... not like I really need to tan anymore at this point but whatevr
I just wanna relax but of course I have a unit test due tonight
\"I'm like in love with avocados\"\n-
choke me with the dead cat
Of course when I don't have to work on a Sunday, the race was last night when I was working..
DONT TELL ME WHAT GOD CANT DO!!!
oh how i love staying up all night to write philosophy essays
Having no friends to commit to gives me the opportunity to work most of the day then proceed to sleep for the remainder.
We came to play!
My neck my back lick my prissy and my crack
Im a little bit home but Im not there yet\nIts one to forgive but its hard to forget\nDont call me, I wont call you too\nLets just call it over
Adding on to my perfect weekend by going to the lounge rn :D
Taco Bell needa bring the Volcano Tacos back.
Tonight giants play, Brasil beats Cameroon 4-1, Holand wins 2-0, Mexico wins 3-1 and it is getting more exciting going the second round.
Proud new Dad of an USHL player!!!! Joe is officially A Ytown Phantom... # best Fathers Say present!
Sitting in Jill's bed in a towel because I don't feel like getting dressed
After 9 hours travelling we are finally in New York, we've been given sweet ass rooms as well, can't complain
Does anyone wanna hangout orrr nah?
\": raining all day\"it's suppose to stop at 5 tho .
I'd be 45 years old one day. And I'll still be blasting eminem. While all ya gonna turn into old Spanish country Fucks
\"I'm just gonna wear this zip up hoodie with no shirt underneath so it looks like I don't give a Fuck\" lmao smh my bro off af
Stuck in traffic on the cross bronx so tight
Has anybody ever gotten full after eating a salad? EVER?
Hmmm chuckie for Pacha sat sounds tempting
Dale Mami, que te estas robando el show.
My mom is such a fucking bitch
Watching forensic files just isn't the same anymore ...
Wow I'm really not tryin to go to class rn
Once I'm able to walk around. I'm out of fucking Brooklyn
Guess who's still in JFK after 4+ hours on a plane????
Ice cream would make this moment better
Good Tuesday Morning! @ Castle Opdyke.
LOL back @ square 1
I don't know how I have not broken anything from dancing to kpop in the shower
Just saw a pic that said favoriting things on accident sucks then i favorite something by accident
Reason why they got smacked 4-0 vs the Germans
KSJC 302253Z 28013KT 10SM FEW031 SCT140 BKN180 30\/13 A2977 RMK AO2 SLP081 FU FEW031 T03000128
Yo Tooms just got ground up like some beef by that escalator, damn Fox. Brutal.
\": sometimes, all you need is to lie down and listen to good music.\"
jessa come cuddle with me and watch law &amp; order: suv please
I wish I could have recorded all my convos with ppl in TJ. still laughing at that shit
As an American you gotta be fired up for tomorrow
Wild in the mean fiddlers
You guys are sooooooooo quick to take out money but never want to refund shit on time
Pharrell rich... He can wear whateva his pockets can buy
Scary thing is Avery and Erika think my uncle is cute
Keeping myself busy by making thank you notes to my friends ...
SOMEONE CHOP THEM OFF RIGHT FUCKING NOW I CANNOT HANDLE IT ANYMORE
Charlie's Angels was my favorite movie when I was 5
It's crazy how you can feel like you have everything one day and end up with nothing the next
Ugggghhhh I need after effects to finish this video and I just want this hot guy from Paris to eat me out before the drag show right now
26 - we dont talk much but from what I know your pretty cool and a very nice person!
Ima chill &amp; kick it with mammy &amp; talk to the man upstairs, because it's obvious I can't lean on anyone else.
Not eating today due to the fact that if I do my teeth will shatter
If you see a guy running at speeds close to LION, you move aside! Nope, not in Bensonhurst!
idk what to think when boys call me \"dude\"
I need to be very sure that my bag that I'm checking is not 3 lbs heavier than it was when I came up here. I'm not paying more than $25.
Work in 30 min. What to do...
Oh God is death better than living in this world :$
Eating shake shack at the BPC marina and watching lightning quietly flash over a purple Jersey sky, without a sound or a drop of rain
Such a great day at with some of my besties !!!
Ima be a mess at ericksons birthday. On like 3 different kinds of drugs lmao.
I would tell you how I feel but it's best if I don't
And he did start from the bottom. Being in a wheelchair is a low as it gets.
Jones doing his best Messi impersonation
Oh wow!Ochoa &amp; Dos Santos of Mexico NFT are on Philippines Trends.Yes,we also watch not just Miss World :)
Remember that time no one came to your show?
. orange blossoms in the summer, slight skunk, hot chaparral, mown grass, water on concrete
I'm addicted to highs, would you like to know why?
24: Definitely against incest. In case anyone was wondering.
I fuck with Parker and Ginobli too. Duncan can suck my grandma titties.
Use to feel like I was sinking into hell by how hot it was so let me not complain
Look at all the Americans suddenly pretending to care about football. Oh, I'm sorry, \"soccer\"
One more tick for Tico-Taka?
you're dead to me\n*bass drop wubbwubwuwbwubwuwv*
Come on Zusi do your magic!!
Ones with excellent hearing and able to decipher the whispers under the music. RT : What kinda women Jhene Aiko make music for?
Oh god it worked...
Yeah back to square one with my guy trusting issues. Amazing how even your friends won't hesitate to use you.
Trynna figure out what I want what I do what I don't
Bout to download some classic Slim Shady till I crash.
\"And the way he looked at her was the way all girls wanted to be looked at\"
People don't understand my love for Dahvie :\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
Idk why sevyn streeters Song is so catchy
\": Any friendship that exceeds the 7 year mark is more likely to last an entire lifetime.\"
I love Tammy and Wacka's mother.
Cleaner comes every Monday. How u man loving tho
So flush with new clothes after today. Woooooo.
Ran for 2 hours.. Bout to go for a 2 hour walk thou
I really think you get off on making me feel like shit ha ha haaaaaa
I think might be homophobic, hasn't been seen in the city all weekend
\"Yea so I went to Bellarmine, so like everyone's a doctor, lawyer, or engineer.\"\n\nYeah ok buddy. Congrats.
.She seems mad enough to Connecticut a bitch.
Buen perro \": \": No fakes people here Nigga\"Bla bla bla\"
When you all wet and sweaty ill wipe ya down like Boosie baby
idk what to think but everyone's telling me what I should
\": Nigguh said a real nigguh eat his girl out while she on her period. like wtf is wrong w. humans??\" Dirty niggas
These people think I really give a fuck about the shit they give a fuck about
It's a new art form showing people how little we care.
I care wayyyyyyyyy to easy for those who don't deserve it
Eligible bachelor million dollar boat that's whiter than what's spilling down ur throat
JOHN TUCKER MUST DIE IS ON
Hey so I have brunch plans at noon, do you think you can wait a little bit?? Thx bby
that was such a strange dream
The Case Against 8 is astoundingly good. You are literally watching America becoming a better place
Sitting at the bar having a glass of wine after a long night of work... Did I not just wish this ?
Really not trying to sit home tonight.
so do I change my IG name from savthenanny now or is it too soon bc I'm excited
Hey my back is killing me from having to sleep on the floor! Recommend a good chiropractor? Or maybe you can deliver my furniture?
It's gonna be a brighter day ... Kirk Franklin classic ... 1of many
Phil of the Future is on at 12:30 so naturally I'm going to stay up for it
\": I love that fact that my girlfriend can cook\"
I'm feelin some type of way
9.5, 9.0, 8.0... Diving scores for Portugal.
I am one more little black gay kid getting punched in the face from a nervous breakdown
My sisters being so annoying rn
Saw Taj Money walking,today was a good day
Its not fun to find out that your dog went missing for 6 hours in a lighting storm while someone was watching him.
Seeing people wearing hoodies in this hot ass weather makes me mad in sweating for them !
Could have been goal number 2 if that guy wasn't selfish
It's okay. Still a heat fan.
No twitter for a week \/:
If you blink, you'll miss it!
When you arrive in NY, I swear all you can hear in your head is Alicia Keys' part from 'Empire State of Mind'.
She said she naughty and that's how mi love it
Yup once again on ur terms
So tight I got a summons last night fuckk
The fuck is wrong with FaceTime?
This Jason kid is weird as fuck. I'm a little bit creeped out by him.
That was out of no where
I only want positive people around me.
\"I want a 12 year old boyfriend.\" Ok Alexa
ha my retainer makes me sound like stacey from zoey 101
Charades movie: Breakfast at Tiffany's Christians guess: breakfast with Tammy
They totally deserved that. Good job CR
to the dreamers Arrived at . thanking the sponsors ...
Bradley. Calling 2nd goal
feelin it x jay z
Everything is great when I don't give a shit -tupac
My dad's hella strong minded and opinionated and that's where I get it from.
\"I get emotional about lord of the rings\"
I luv when sarah favorites my tweets
I've never felt so alone .
mosquito bites on your ankles are the worst
Get your sticky fingers out of my head...
I thank you!
Call me a hypebeast but I wanna try VOSS water
this is my place \ni fit in here so well
Wow my mom and my brother are going to Disneyland and we aren't....
I can't believe that just happened.
GOAL!!!!! Lionel messi! My side !
Damn its that hard to say thank you to a complaint! Fuck okay you right your ugly af dont come to me with problems if u wont let me help you
The Snake Juice episode of parks &amp; rec is probably one of my favorite 30 min of TV ever
Me and Jared are talking about anal right now
I'm tryna be more than just a temporary nigga I'm tryna be hubby bae babby ya best friend etc just open ya eyes !!! U fuckin with the wrong1
Supposed to be getting ready.... laying in bed in my towel for a half hour...... same thing
It's just one of those nights, I guess.
.. The homie came from the bottom.. Now the sky's the limit....
Fighting my brother is hard he is tough
Game. Of. Thrones.
walkin around lower east dumb high
Alex song throwing bows
My state ID says I'm 4'7...
I should not be driving anywhere I feel like I'm still drunk
I HAVE DIED, EVERYDAY, WAITING FOR YOUUUUUU
Guess I'd get better legal protection if I incorporated my reproductive organs and sent them to murder civilians in Iraq ( via )
I'm glad I have tints. people would think I'm crazy with the way I jam out
chance encounters are unsung upshot: chatted up two old friends from and scored unscheduled tutorial w\/map makers of
\": BAH GAWD...STOP THE DAMN ....THE HAVE FAMILIES DAMMIT!!!\"
I had 2 blog posts to go up today...then plot twist: my computer crashed
socia usted me lleva en la mala, y su novio las ganas, JAJAJA ;))).
This is not my day let me tell you
The ocean wasnt angry like last time!
Nooo! Don't want to wait another 9 months for next season. Love Tyrion
I ain't got shit to do but fall in love with you
Im drunk so text me and entertain me***
That just annoyed me.. Mind your own business and stop complaining, PLEASE.
GOALLLLLLL FUCK YESSSS
Slow texters might as well not text me at all
Excuse me, does this car come with wifi?
Have yet to see my dad today
I'm definitely buying that damn crystal methodist shirt.
Dylan O'brien more like Dylan O'bang me
Vodka soda will always do you too dirty
This is so beautiful to watch
It's Americas birthday but I'm rocking the Colombia jersey today. Commence the sauce.
Not one positive emotion. Fuck it.
Getting blown off seriously pisses me off to no end
Uk tht if u wasnt u u wud be dissin u dogg
My favorite player gets to show he's the best player on the team now
I don't go backwards I go forward
If you are having trouble sleeping tonight, read and declare Psalm 91 over your life! He is my shelter and refuge!
I don't have any:( so I'll just drink a Pepsi :b
My burn got Sun burn today. Currently wining like little girl.
I feel like the only one that loves Bleach but can't stand One Piece. Pokemon and Bleach are the only two amines that I currently read (1\/2)
\": a little attitude is attractive\"
ECHOSMITH ARE LITERALLY MY CHILDREN I LOVE THEM AND IM SO PROUD OF THEM THANKS
I need to use the running songs is playing right now for a new running playlist
\"The Kardashians are America's royal family.\" Didn't we fight a war a while back so that we didn't have to have a royal family?
Something about her. Idk it's scary.
\": even though you are already done with it lol \"we love you cam
can i wake up in disneyland or
\": -- we Gotta talk!!!!! I misss youuuu\"I miss you to babe . Wyd today
I could never imagine posting my M&amp;G photo, that would make me smile sooooo much... But I wouldnt be that lucky lol
Hopefully customer service finally answers my emails and gives me my store credit
GANO ARGENTINA CHAMO.
Smh this USA game is wayyyyy toooo early, the earliest I've gotten up all summer is 9:30
\"Your man fuckin everyone while you locked up... But that's none of my business\"
I was almost sleep until this man said 17 planes until we take off
This is why u don't cut landon
I didn't eat meat for a while.At last I had ordered c-burger. First bite is good,though 2nd is soso. 3rd ...
joe pace needs to take a lap
I'm going to throw myself off a cliff.
I neeeda go to the pooool , FDR or rockland !!
31 SECONDS OMG!!!!! CLINT DEMPSEY OUT CAPTAIN GETTING IT STARTED!!!
August Ugly iscell with his hair like that !
I don't say shit and they be getting naked
oh how i missed you twitter
Navas is pure gold! Well deserved Costa Rica!!
Finally home! Had a great weekend in SLO. Went wine tasting for the first time and tore up the downtown area
This Iosing my virginity show on MTV is fucking sickening
Never expected to beat King Felix....but I also did not expect a 12-3 meltdown vs. the M's. As Ben sleeps, the season is dying.
but the question is who wants 2 cuddle w. me
We're on vacation and sam is in the room doing squats while I'm thinking about another cannoli
Bitch you ain't got shit on me
Can't believe in Europe young folks try to take codeine cause they saw that in American shows ...
Jesus I have alot more wrong with my life than I thought
Happy Birthday To The Goddess ! Enjoy !
All of these father's day posts got me angry af
I loved Drunk in Love longer then I loved Happy annoying a-s song
Definitely hiking this afternoon
This lady at my church looks like a black version of Rumpelstiltskin from Once Upon A Time.
Washing my Japanese car after eating some Italian breakfast, all while wearing clothes that were made in China.
Dre got Beats, Rick Ross got DIABEATS!! LMFAO
Really dont catch no breaks, missed almost two weeks of school &amp; still managed to finish my year with straight a's still no credit..
I go 0-100 nigga reall quick
Spending independence day in an airport. Thanks a lot ...
Katie: \"Namaste.\"\nHannah: \"Nah, imma fuckin' stay.\"
Okay pets aren't allowed in my building but there is a dog yapping it's head off next door, I want a puppy
On point tho
especially see non-marginalized bodies shitting on\/silencing marginalized bodies in body-posi spaces. power dynamics are real.
TEARS FOR FEARS was my shit when I was six
Can not fucking stand my sister
Mr Fow cant get mad at me for sleeping in first period tomorrw
So the Drake and Lil Wayne concert September 17th is at the Sleep Train Amphitheatre in Wheatland not the Sleep Train Arena here in Sac lol
That was prettier than the Messi goal. This team believes.
Had a dream I was in an episode of Seinfeld...or maybe I was watching it at 3am and thought it was a dream ... Either way happy 4th of July
Damn no more nutella this isnt good!!!
Do you guys really think I'm crazy?
People better show up bc ive been wanting to put my cleats on.
MOM IT DOESNT TAKE AN HOUR TO GET TO ST.JOHNS Y R U MAKING ME GET UP AT 6
Lol throwback to graduation last year when I tried throwing my cap in the air only to have it land on my face..
Hmm if it wasn't for all those snapchat selfies from the one republic concert I would have never known it was today...
So there's this girl
I lost some weight and I lost one pant size which is a size 20 wide but now, I'm in a size 18 : )
Today we ate cricket bars, paleo diet meat bars and sport beans
Congrats Seth Rollins, you have the gayest ring attire since Shawn Michaels
Ok I see you djing on the new episode of teen wolf!!!
i swear to god\nbomi and namjoo are the younger versions of hyoyeon and yuri lmao
I need that in my life right now
Welp Jacks real name is John
Tell me when it kicks in\nI saw scars upon her\nTell me when it kicks in\nBroken hearted
I never think boys with bleached hair are cute. But on you? Holy fuck
ugly people that don't know that they are ugly &lt;
Twitter is live rn
I ain't got nothing to lose motherfucker I'm rollin'
I will forever miss Allison though
Why did I just take a quiz while watching a game? Dammit.
but I'm just laying down but like if I was with a friend rn I'd probably be twerking and shit so yeah I guess hyper
This guy beside me is full jete-ing on the treadmill. Not even exaggerating if I was braver id video it but he's legit right beside me
I'm starting to get a headache
It's amazing, just a year ago he was sitting at home making vines. Now his first single is number 1.
Very sad to hear of passing... Enjoyed watching him play over the years
i swear to god im so fucken pissed right now !!!
I wanna go see think like a man
some girls wear more makeup than clothes smh
I heard our 'so called' celebs ... Some if dem were sponsored by the govt to go to Brazil ... Imean for wat?? Waste of money..
Yo this rain came out of no where
I just want to go home and eat. I'm starving
Does anyone have a hot tub?
I mean, it's probably not normal that I ask Cam to see his teeth on a daily basis but whatever
It's kinda annoying seeing your ex's post minding other's business. C'mon man! That's so gay!
on Vandy looks like he's 12 years old
Hahaha bae will die. Die with this stupidity.
Bryan Bros. on their way to another final.
I just wanna smoke and watch generation iron
Been to busy to get around to posting. But congrats to all my fabulous hard working boys who got selected last night well deserved
time is beginning to piss me off. Why do I have to get up at the crack of dawn to watch sport?!
Omg just realized this is a 4 day week. Best news ever.
I think the city we come from kinda ruined things
Spongebob and Squidward have shifts at the Krusty Krab, so other people work there too.
Hmmmm what to wear today, what to wear
Wow that was quick!
if it rains on prom I will rain on life
Work at 7 am, team no sleep tonight
08 you bought your school girl outfit
Man these are professionals playing at the World Cup. How tf are you gonna get a leg cramp?
Have fun in Milwaukee Jason Kidd
Manu DUNKED ON EVERYBODY
Going to celebrate freedom and independence from Britain today by watching other countries play \"football\" with a bunch of Brits.
Down a group: \n-atomic\/ionic radius increases\n-Ionization energy and electronegativity decreases
Think I'm about to freak out about my mortality, and then everyone I love and uhh...Moral: Don't get a venti! You don't want to be up at 3am
USA USA USA!! DEMPSEY!!!!!
If you come to the gym in cargo shorts there's something wrong with you
I honestly only got 3 hours of sleep last night..
Being ten has its perks. Lol jk no it doesn't.
I've seen your kind before, and I know exactly what you want
Can you stop acting like you watch baseball
My NaNa randomly just said \"A man chases a girl until she catches him\"
Anyone wanna go drive around because I am soooo bored and wiiiideee awake
Don't wanna get outta bed *
2 weeks without my bikini :(
Chris rock hott j legend and gurrlfriend kilt it!!
Just getting drunk with my aunt and uncle.
Ayyyy master chef comes on soon
sitting in the dark eating cold pasta
YOOOOO ADAM DONT SCARE A BITCH LIKE THAT!! YAYYYYY EMILIOS THROUGH!!!
Anyone want to play something?
Love that I can leave 2 minutes before work and still get there in time
The Game Is Underway, X Lets Go Germany!
Mi gusto es.. Ni quien me lo quitara
also, how hype is this World Cup?!
Do burritos deliver ?
Zendaya you couldn't just not wear the Jacket?
the pizza man has the hots for us
\": fallin back &amp; workin on myself man.\"
does someone wanna hangout on the 4th? I'm home alone. and bored. it sucks.
be who you are because you'll never be anyone else
But is it really long island if the car dealership doesn't have 388952 other ones right next door I think not
Nonetheless felt weird because it was cultural appropriation at its best.
Optimistically, US breeders will band together to ship a few million horse placenta down to Brazil and we can fix this by the q-final
I hate getting up before 8 during the week and 10 on the weekends.
ya'll could shit on the Knicks... but I better not see any bandwagoners in the future
jo na Fav krte, na RT aur na hi mention!? :p
ALKANES = SINGLE BONDS = SATURATED HYDROCARBON\n\nALKENES = DOUBLE BONDS = UNSATURATED HYDROCARBON\n\nALKYNES = TRIPLE BONDS = UNSATURATED \"HC\"
this is what it takes being a lawyer then idk
I have no motivation to do anything in the scorching heat
Thinking if I should step it up to nah
True life: my boyfriend is fed up with my weight. Very awkward show to watch
I won't stop till I get to the top
\": Watch the Timmy No Hitter Replay tonight at 7:30 (Yes in 5 minutes) on \" definitely watching
Hahaha my mom yells \"yay broken nose guy!\"
I was supposed to take a nap but ended up staying awake for the whole ride
\"You lucky I like fucking you,\" oh wordddd
when you was with nipha she probably never nagged you about shit cause she never gave a fuck .
If I || JT feat TI
MANU GINOBLI BABY
These buckets don't grow on trees
Do it now so you won't have to do it later
I find it funny how people RT themselves... LMAO.
Ja qive robt plako
Always so excited for favorite day of the year and I can't ever wait even while I'm there I can't wait
I hate when I order salad with chicken and they only give you liiiike, 2 pieces of chicken and everything else is just leaves.
The heat will be back don't worry next year don't worry.
A looong afternoon of (attempting) authentic assessment. Making time for real talk with students is so crucial.
I just want my mother f'ing pay check on bloods &amp; cribs
Lmao shoutout to my family for acting like my birthday is New Years
I just realized I'm allowed to buy M rated games on my own
Hot dog isn't the only dog we are having tonight
Uh oh pulled a hamstring
Happy 4th!! Our Old Greenwich location is open until 4pm for all your patriotic eating needs. All other stores open tomorrow. Enjoy!
Your cute but you killed it when you replied \"im horny\"
USA lets gooooooooo!
Niggas will drive us crazy then call us crazy
I swear I'm really going to stop giving a fuck about people
714 i havent seen you in forever ! Where the fuck have you been !
Another beautiful day spent at brueggers
The camera men who film the World Cup really know what they're doing, always find the hot girls
Long back strokes in the middle of your ocean
I have this voicemail of my nonnie telling me happy birthday and she crys and i listen to it like 20 times today and i will alot more
I feel as if no one doing nothing for july 4th but stay home
Why did I come home? Oh, right, I wanted to feel worse about myself
Be nice to have Landon right about now.
My aunt is such a rude bitch. THATS WHY YOU'RE 37 YEARS OLD AND STILL LIVE WITH YOUR PARENTS
A tongue ring would be a nice thing to experience
We're at viewpoint and the people outside asked us to turn up the music because we're listening to Fleetwood Mac
&amp; have you had any good sex lately
They gonna blame the lighting... Oh.
im scared af
Memito ochoaaaa sigue asi!!
weak ass goal
money money money money I'm true to those things bitch
I have been staring at my bed frame for like 4 hours
you love me, I love food .
Did try to site Lincoln's Gettysburg Address lol
Time Warner Cable is just the worst. Point blank, THE WORST. Is good service just too much to ask for?
annoying couple in the pool. YO SHUT UP
Why do you have to be so ratchet in a fucking Panera?
Only met one rude person, an old lady at the ballet.
honesty I get so disgusted being on the subway and have men stare at me. It's so fucking creepy.
Before I give you some mo, there's something that you must know
Hahaha LeBron with the face palm... Is somebody crying? Aww somebody hurt the baby's feelings!
Going till they cut me off
Leave no room for \"what if\"
I ve never had such bad cramps before to a point where it woke me up from my sleep im dying omg
I put my faith in you, so much faith, and then you just threw it away
Use your smile to change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
Tweeting Demi a million times.
Y a esa quien la conoce?
My grandmother asks me questions that I will never have the answers to
Sitting next to a guy who has been to stand up classes in San Fran and is working on his 7 mins and pitching his jokes to the girl he's with
I needa go change my boxers
Going to my sister's for the 4 of July its going to be crazy ahaha I'll be wearing my European swim trunks for the pool
Sunday night baseball in the Bronx. Thanks again to for the free tickets.
Rude ass lady sitting next to me at this eye glasses place.
ima go jump off a cliff now. bye
Even though there fake just smile and have a good time just like he said
My nails are not on point today smh
Chris Rock is mad funny rn lmao
all i do on twitter is retweet korean men
Couple bad habits but I'm working on it.
my sister annoying tf outta me
My mind is always running wild...
'Cause you are invincible I can't break through your world
Need inspiration &amp; encouragement?Join Monday at 9:00pm EST for ONLY 30 Minutes!Call-1-857-232-0157;Code- 356888
still don't even feel like summer to me
Exactly, the dog couldn't have eaten everyone's homework. | RT : Why don't they just ask the NSA for copies of Lerner's emails?
FUCKING SNIPERRRRRRR USAUSAUSAUSAUSA!!!!!!
Shout out to the lady that just straight up peed her pants at the airport
I've been sitting in the car for 30 minutes.
Tbh you kind of deserved to step on that Lego
Biggest per capita for. fighter contributor in West is Belgium; overall Tunisia, Libya or Jordan. Australia? No way
I think i want to get to know ya
It honestly feels like I'm playing a cat and mouse game
Miss the old days, just not my old ways.
\"you are what you listen to\"\nokay so I'm Childish Gambino
You realize it took Goku 30 episodes to finally build up his spirit bomb... Lmfaooooo
i've never seen a person wear a polo shirt, tan shorts, and boat shoes all at once
Homeless man: \"How much weight you lift man?!\" Me: \"All the weight\"
Going to bed. I have to be at work by 5:30 am. Kill me now please someone.
Rotfl at wearing the tiara on her cap
I may have just ruined eating eggs and hot sauce for the rest of my life.
My sister is currently drawing a picture of my boyfriend. Ommmmgggg.
Finding it very difficult to not read email. Must. Exercise. Self. Control.
To late to be eating but I have too cuz I know I won't be able to eat before I go to work in the am.
SHE LOOKS SO PREFECT STANDING THERE IN MY AMERICAN APPAREL UNDERWEAR
\"I wanna piss on you\" - Brad
I hate these little kids so much
I've played soccer with Hansen before so therefore I'm cooler than all of you
What a fucking goal!
I'm a sad boy, I'm a sad boy, I'm a sad boy.
Working at a golf club w\/ mainly guy members gets interesting. Today I learned it's unhealthy for men to have sex less than 5 times a week.
Happy Independence Day especially to those who fought and gave their lives to keep this country free.
If I have talents and money, then I can go make it happen.
When I'm with someone I'm so committed. I won't let anything jeopardize my relationship.
do you think about me now and then.
Being happy back in the day meant with your family and people you love.. Being happy today means piercing your body and applying ink .
3 out of 6 of bells graduation presents are bought &amp; done.
Ya niggas saying happy 4th of July but failed the US History Regents....but that's none of my business lol
GOOOOOOAAALLLL! Holy shit how did that go in
i relate to this so very much RT : \"really only have like 5 brain cells at this point\"
I could lean in to hold you of act like I don't even know you, seems like you could care less either way
Finally watching wolf of Wall Street.
Vegas = Sex, Drugs, Money, Power, Respect, Entertainment.
Cannot wait to see I am dying at the previews
... in which Stralman gets an offer that matches or surpasses.
Hahaha Ronaldo just whiffed on a fast break. ( if that's what is called in soccer.)
To be so concerned with the black society i sure do use the word nigga loosely
The wifi in my room is really retarded
\"he looks like he's so sleepy and really tired\" yes thak u
Very snoozy Going to have to call it quits on trying to med tonight. Bed time!
I hate being woken up by a scum bag loser
Hey where can I ask someone to share a drill for an afternoon?
\"You hungry, Darling?\" Is one of the weirder cat calls I've ever gotten.
Okay so how do I go about dating a ? Anyone know the answer of nah...
Id def rather smoke a nice fat blunt or hit a bong than eat an edible any day
I'm taking my sweet ass time
Well deserved win for Costa Rica
Luis is tight
\": bc I like pineapples duhhh\" doesn't everyone
A friends of mine approached me yesterday after a few drinks and says,\"I know you're following a pornstar on IG.\" Hahaha Omg, i owned it tho
Going through my messages again and this is just too much.
so nobody wants to go dts tomorrow? k bye you're all best heads
If I don't get to a charger in 30 seconds ima just go to sleep
Captain N: The Slave Master
All these military homecomings fuck with a brothas heart too much ....
One of my coworkers just called me 'weird' today at work. I had to remind her that we both work in a restaurant called The \"Meatball Shop\".
Ugh what am I going to eat for dinner?
Don't touch my goods thru my clothes lol that's childish.
I tell Siara teach me Spanish, so she always talking to me in Spanish but then I have to remember lmao bitch udk the language how ima answer
You know your vocabulary is pretty legit when your phone autocorrects \"lol\" to \"lolcats\"
\": my tolerance for people is so low its gotten to a point where if i like you, its a literal miracle\" frfr
How do you have 5 men against two and not score?
Abeg dress your age, warris all this?
THATSSS MY FUCKING HUSBANDDDD
IF I EVER MEET TEO THAT WILL BE SO AWKWARD AHAHHHAAH
Y'all gon let me take your picture or weh
I need funny people to follow.. ny niggas too stressed to be funny
Tengo ganas de hacer algo, pero noc quee
Everyone's sobbing at the fault in our stars and I'm over here laughing and Jen and Kate's ugly crying faces
Give me food and I'll shut me up...
WORKED THE RT THING WORKS ... RIGHT THATS WHY IM STILL TWEETING 100000x
I'll be standing at my dads door with a baseball bat ... So eb please come lmao
This match is driving me insane
Need to see the purge
When my parents and my grandma keep asking me what \"swag\" means and i dont even know whet to tell them...
That must've hurt
Oh 20 hours ago. Lolol I don't even remember that hahahahahahahahaha
Holy shit &amp; swear I just saw the biggest lightning bolt evaaaa right outside my window!!!!
Angeline's tweet about friends going out without her was SO on point
Ray Allen is retiring after this.
Working with kids drives me crazy sometimes lol
Do u see u self with me again
GOal!!!! USA USA
HAYY SHUT UPP and let me live the fuck
I'LL BE DAMNED IF I SEE ANOTHER CHICK ON YOUR ARM!!!
Passport finally in !! Canada here we come
I don't think Ty Dolla $ign is being paranoid in 'Paranoid'... It's pretty possible his main and side chick indeed plan to ambush him. Idk..
Caltrain south after 11pm is a strange place!
My dreams are getting to crazy
Keep yo eyes to urself before I take em out.
Lol I don't see the appeal in such things.
If you're not all about today you are a freedom hating terrorist!
SO HAPPY , I got to see my mom today
Thought this girl was cute, then I looked at her phone. Bitch had an LG chocolate lmao I had to walk away.
ALL GROUP G TEAMS STILL ALIVE\n\nNO TEAM CLINGS A SPOT IN THE \n\nROUND OF 16.
Off twitter till bet awards go off I don't feel like being in twitter jail tonight
Who wants to get mr. Pickles with me?
Lana on the Bart hey hey heyyyy
Watching Fox pundits try to talk down their crazed cult of GOP legislators is like watching Dr Frankenstein try to reason with his monster
YOU dont know paini till you Know What it feels like to be in love with your greatest friend and have to just end the friendship
to last summer when a cicada flew into my sunroof and died on the passenger seat of my car while I was driving on the NY thruway
Driving home n some hottie kissed his arm muscle and blew it at me and emily
I'm gonna be Hokage one day.
Damn... German is a ugly ass language lmao
YES AMERICA WAY TO CLUTCH IT IN THE FIRST MINUTE
One time I blocked Ari twice and basically it suspended her account forever Idk if it was me but she had to make a new twitter hahahahah
That's why I hate being dtw around this time lol
that would suck to lose in pk's in the world cup
\"Hey rach can you pass me my iPod\"
The lyrics to no church in the wild still have me fucked up
Hope u good slime
My coworkers and fellow interns think I'm so innocent. They didnt even think I drank. I'm pretty impressed with myself. \"Innocent Julie\"
Me and Taylor haven't had a normal conversation in like 6 months.
OMG!!!!!! Dempsey!!!!!!! Punched Ghana right in the face!
Just got a postcard from Michael. All the way from New Zealand....I miss him
I'll never understand some people's need to be such bitches. I'm just gonna go eat some pizza and go to bed. Goodnight.
You are the perfect example why this country is not so \"free\" after all. People can't say what they think anymore.
Herrera get upppppp
DEMPSEY!!! Is it too early?
So you're not gonna text me back.?
What an amazing shot by Ronaldo
Prom was so much fun! Nothing will ever beat the memories I've made with this class!
Immmm justtt dannnnncinnnngggggg
Got shot like 10 times. Paint balling is hella fun
mom is telling me to hurry but idk what I'm hurrying
*me trying to type as fast as Katy spits out verse A from legendary lovers.
Don't post pictures of ya girl then cry to me
My dad; \"I've been saving to buy you a car\" me; \"really\" dad; \"yeah but I'm pretty sure I'm gonna buy a boat, hope you understand\" ok
Wish Carlo was still here so I could punch that mother fucker in the face in the name of
Nike beats under amour any day
Watching \"The Day\" Remembering Dale Earnhardt on . Chokes me up everytime.
lol already took the hoop out
NO ME IMPORTA EL LUGAR ! 8'8
Not a bad start
Wizard world Philly is next week, you know what that means...need to find a new comic for to de-cycle
Robben doesn't need to apologize because he should have been awarded a penalty anyway
Thats mostly it, sex. Lol fuck assholes.
And just bought 11 more bathing suits wow
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x120
\": I just want someone who's down for only me\"
So my 2 year old nephew always talks to my boyfriend as if their besties, but it's so cute :)
King of Bachata welcomes John Jay.
i can't change,even i tried,even i wanted to
So I watch epic meal time to get me more hungry.
Don't see things the way I did last year
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x122
I literally have 2 people that I trust with everything lol
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x123
Damn everyone is booing Ronaldo.
REALLY BITCH? A 29 ON MY ACT? REALLY? WHEN ALL I WANTED WAS A 30
This summer is not what I expected
Is it the subway of shame? Or the ride of pride?
Probably even be down to break in his apartment
when I get annoyed I tap my foot\n\nI'm tapping my foot
I haven't had a hangover in a longgggg timeeeeee.
Where's my sister so she can do my hairrr?!
Nothing to ever do in this fucking town
manhunt was a total disaster lol at least i got to see some ppl that i havent seen in a long ass time .
Lol had nothing to say when yung jefe stuck 4 fingers in your shit..... Keep the same energy when we see eachother
But if I was 21 this would be the best summer ever
Wait I was supposedly going to bed. Why am I tweeting? Good nite world
Wow my ap scores are great :)))))
fat nick makes me wanna puke
The were a missed rebound in game 6 from being your 2x
Everybody knows who I am, even the people who don't know who I am
Is that firewor.... nope that's thunder.
Anyone that gets a Bloody Mary at this hour at a casino is a fucking lunatic. That said would do that
Shoutout to my sis for buying me a frozen lemonade
No I don't want to play candy crush
So antsy to see we're
\": A man kissing u &amp; bags !\" That's It what.. Girl u ain't sayin nothing
Taco Bell sounds amazing .. Whyyy
what even qualifies someone to be twitter famous if you're not a celeb...
Im trying so hard not to play the game.
Dempsey scores 30 seconds in! Incredible! USA USA USA!
Happy birthday to my best friend since kindergarten, ! You're finally legal!
Only know you love her when you let her go.
I want to watch a , does anyone have any suggestions!!!!
I am so fucking convinced, with every bone in my body, that someone put the mal'occhio on me.
I wish I could spend this summer at Vanderbilt too
Ride it til the wheels fall off
I feel like if Mexico ever won the World Cup the world would end.
this tapex sucks bc they take 5ever for the drinks
I get a free new oakley. I just don't know which one I want?!
Selling Katy Perry tickets @ SAP center sept 26. 2 tickets $60 each!
This nigga doesn't even know how many times I've had his back
I need to pretend I'm homeless to find a girl cuz all these hoes only want is to drive my bmw and tan on my boat
Would've gone crazy if it wasn't for my music
Im Not The Type To Say Much About My Feelings Or Anything , I Just Let My Actions Speak ..
Also they are referring to me as Tall Girl...
aint no thang but a chicken wang
I'll fav bout 2 of yo shit. Then u must slide through the DMs.
Correction..Rent increases 1% for one year leases..2.75 for two.
Please kill this fuxxin snore guy only one second!
Let's goo USA finish it out !!!
I wish there was a KFC next to this hotel.
\"With a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor\"
Btw watch the World Cup high, it's really trippy
Happy Independence Day! Be safe and have enjoy! Thank you to all Veterans past and present!
She wore a Star Wars shirt and never seen it. Uhhhhh.....
You know you need to go home when you flash the New York Sightseeing bus and yell at them \"this is the best thing you're gonna see in NY\"
Good job Congrats on making it to the next round!
Munchkin u r awake? U need sleep love u xoxo
All I can think about is the USA game tomorrow. Hurry up Tuesday!!!
So have you got the guns?
My mom's great for giving me a foot massage
Oh you changed your profile pic to us? I can tell you care so much more now lol
my facts be straight , no frontin' or fake shit I'm goon say
Cause nigga I'm from New Yoooork
Why mom? Why must you come in every morning and wake me up?
CAN SOMEONE EXPLAIN TO THIS BITCH BC SHE IS A CLUELESS WHITE GIRL STUCK IN A MEXICAN BODY
It's weird how when you don't want something you get it, but when I want something I still get it so it's irrelevant..
I know it's a long shot but if my Desert Foxes beat Germany today, it would be one of the most important World Cup wins in history.
First thing my mom says to me when I walk into her room, \"jeez, you look like shit!\"
\"Hiiiiighhh, do you wanna get hiiiiighhh?\"
hate when ppl snapchat me food when I'm hungry
My mother better out live me, i'm not playing
Hopefully this day party event fourth July looking like a go with my Sis &amp; Twjn
I need my nails done soooo bad thursday needs to hurry up !
Kobe is at the World Cup aka I'll be at the next World Cup
being good all the time is boring \n-my mom
I wish i was there !! I was in dumbass pure
Oh you could only back one side in WC. Steupz
The mom is on the ground with one baby and the other is stuck on my porch
I love and Twitch so much love this show
Apps for cars is the future. Good news, Android Auto SDK, this is super cool, great apps for the car. Can't wait, this is great.
Don't even care if I pass this chem regents tomorrow.
Idk why i take selfie's since i'm actually so insecure.
If you aren't watching this game then you clearly are a communist.
i obv don't want to go out anymore since you said no and what are you like trying to make me feel bad? no mom no.
30 seconds later bar saw us cheer, waited to see it, then celebrated with us.
I seriously don't know what to do?
Annoyed okay i think its time to call it a night forreal
Your body hurts because all you have been doing is getting high and sleeping for the past 7 years with no exercise
Tired of doing the same thing in a different setting, but it's still the same basic shit basically
imagine jams made a youtube channel id probably throw myself across antartica
I kid you not dena said all these things
To people living with, living with, living with, not dying from disease
Ustedes se imaginan donde a le de por morder a los rivales?
I do know, where you go, is where I want to be
Socks in the shower! Why? Because I'm DAN and I can do anything I want!
Wombology: The study of wombo. C'mon that's first grade Spongebob
So happy this game started in my dinner break yaaaaaass
987 what white boy you fucking now?
This weekend with the boys was money
I like my women that know how to ride........ Horses!
This rain is fucking up the whole day
Say it with ya CHEST
H8 WHEN PPL SNAP ME THEN I REPLY AND DONT GET ONE IN RETURN aka if that's you I'm a bit ticked
Had an amazing weekend at feel like total shit now an so tired!!!
He shot Pete? Fuckin Pete? He was ex-CIA
Upon packing my pantry I realized I have a rice fetish
w tht lean
*tweet lyrics and continues to be in her own little world* again
Without you I can't be, you're the universe to me.
I think Halliday's pop culture tastes were modeled off of
They always lose when facing a pitcher making his first mlb start. It's unbelievable.
I'm just numb to everything these days
\"It's only a walk of shame if you're capable of feeling shame. Well, thanks for doing all that sex stuff on me.\"
Pittsburgh for the 4th. Yizmerica.
This just got real, biatches
Hey what did you do this summer? \n\"I read 7 books, hung out with my teachers and taught myself alto sax in the first two weeks...\" \n
She cute I never followed back smh
A state of complete annihilation and celestial vulnerability. A sense of fragility, a glass soul, being shattered. Only the frame left.
DOG DAYS ARE OVER IS ONE OF MY FAV SONGS OF ALL TIME HOW DID I ALMOST FORGET ABOUT IT
If you don't smoke then why the hell you reaching for my Dutch?
When bae come through, but don't give you rounds tonight &lt;&lt;&lt;
anyway they made us put a new house together here Heyward Posey more
Whats goin on for the night twitter friends? Tryna party
I wanna talk so much shit rn on this social network. but I'll just say FUCK YOU.
Iowa City to New York City...I guess I gravitate toward cities with creative names?
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Jermaine Jones!
Yea lay off the kid that works his ass off, and keep the people that half ass there job
Have a happy and safe 4th everyone
Today you are fortunate to be alive. You have a precious human life, so do not waste it.
My parents don't trust me going to the plaza without them for fire works, I'm about to be 17..... Like seriously
I need some Flynit Air Maxes
People so damn ignorant lmao
The spurs depth has really shown. And that destroyed the heat.
It's like 90 degrees in this house wtf
Only Aleco would steal a souvenir cup at magic mountain in order to get free drinks
Payphone by Maroon 5\nHahaha this song has the best memories
The 6 year old I'm babysitting is playing Modern Warfare 2 rn... Ok
What a start!!!!
I maintain my description of Scalia:tiny scared kitten piloting a relatively tiny mean old man droid body
before school starts I'm gonna delete my twitter &amp; Instagram &amp; change my number &amp; literally only be seen in school
U a creep too for.that one lol
Y que le vamos hacer...es el unico que conoce todos mis puntos debiles.
We really still out here I'm mad waved tho
Congrats to customer on his Legend win tonight
Is this nigga wearing uggs in this weather?? He shot tf out
-By-Mr. Carter (Produced By )..
I hate typos.... I'll delete a tweet in a heartbeat over a typo.
Thank you for coming - it was nice to finally meet you in person! Glad you got to experience a different side of Korean food.
the 10,000 year clock strikes noon
And everyone's competing for a love they won't receive, cause what this palace wants is releaseeeeee
It's hard to get a follow from cameron now
I would participate in Tinder if it were not for that Goddamned heart.
Everytime I say ya I feel like that crackhead little boy
the past is the past whether it was yesterday or years ago, finally learned to let go
At this point, high school graduates should not be inferior to underclassmen. Leave that behind.
all I'm seeing is goodbye tweets lol where all the hellos @
I just wanna take Ina home and cry
God just doesnt want me to fucking sleep
One of my biggest regrets in life will always be that I didn't chase down 's float at the pride parade
Me da lo mismo quien gane en este partido.
I just applied for my Columbia Club membership! This has been a long-time dream and could finally happen. I'd be honored to be a member!
Makin ya bitch break her neck to look at me hahaha I see you lookin, witcho lookin ass
Question for old people: what's the earliest example of a \"heel\" announcer on televised pro wrestling.
Never wanted to jump off a bridge more in my life
Dude upset over duties I guess is suppose to do it all huh
tu me miras y me llevas a otra dimension
You got the shit that somebody would look foe but wont find
I will never understand how people think it's okay to cheat on someone and look that person in their face and tell them that they love them.
The Killers are the shit
I don't understand the concept of using \"inside voices\"
So I finally watched the last episode of True Detective and OH MY GOD WHAT.
the game is the game
Everyone's excited for the game tomorrow. Swear y'all must not know US soccer. They're about to get scrapped by Germany
She said I got a man, I said what that got to do with me
I need friends that are down for anything! Let's go hiking and cliff diving, or let's eat pizza and get high in someone's basement.
Thank you for once again forgetting to put my BBQ sauce in the bag, nothing like disappointment for dinner
Like...every single night, without fail, my tv goes black. Doesnt shut off, power is still on, cable box on, but black screen and no sound
sometimes i can feel myself getting too (contextually) racist sounding, and i draw back.
all of these followers and not one of them is cam. huh.
That was an amazing goal
sideline announcer saying that Vandy \"is confident that they got this one\" just reinvigorated my sagging confidence
If you ain't suckin I ain't fuckin bitch I'm sorry
Can I just have a life time supply of fruit
Food for tought: Male bed bugs stab female bedbugs with their barbed penises and not in the vagina only bc they want to reproduce.
Never a dull moment in
You'll know when I miss you because you'll receive a photo in your text messages lol
After today, I have a newly found love for lightskin women
FIFA World Cup &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Stanley Cup &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; NBA Finals.
What is sleep? Something I do during the day! And I stay up all night long. =
San Jose, Costa Rica is the widest city on Earth rn. I've never seen a turn up so serious.
i've always moved from school to school so i never really got to get that close to people cause i'd always end up leaving smh
add me on snapchattttt! @ MelOverboard
Ya casi llego a los 500 seguidores en vine :))
ohh, drinking. that all happened the mornin after my bday RT : u said u were throwing up drinking or u sick homie
Basically everyone can fuck themselves. I am finished.
I haven't had a real breakfast in the longest time
Gooooaaallll! up 2-1!
I want to go out to breakfast
Even tho it's real, don't mean it's gonna work.
Evens Stevens had to be one of the best shows.
\"The first thing I notice about you is your lips\"
this is literally why i don't let anyone into my life
I got the virus that my family has been sending around. I've been throwing up(: just thought I'd let everyone know.
All I've done for the past almost 4 hours is lay in bed and drowned in my tears
who knew shopping with Michael was so fun
All of these middle schoolers really don't understand how much they are not gonna be respected
&amp;&amp; u wonder why were not together
A purge pt 2 is coming out! Must see with the bae
frosty the dope man
Stay with these late night walks
I just witnessed a child having a tantrum outside a Macrobiotic restaurant. Smart kid.
As of now, I am in a competition with myself to see how many books I will complete throughout my summer.
Still not sure why this fraudulent organization we call scheduled gp B games ahead of gp A? Either way throw us who ever you want
July 4th bbq poppin but i heard its gunna rain
If I stop moving maybe I'll stop sweating too hmmmmmmmmm... Turns off pandora
Its crazy a nigga can know your whole life and not even be in the same city as you. Check that person you \"trust\".
He a shame to big ppl
This McDonalds is nasty af I wanted chicken nuggets
I am so disturbed by the snapchaf just sent me.
when your treated like ur 7 !!!!!! (:
The power of art and what it truly means is absolutely beautiful
A white girl brought her kitten into a Starbucks I was at today. Yeah......
Is it bad I have all my favorite places to order food on speed dial?
Ima just back off .
Old Parents are OD about interchangeable ideas. You can't tell your mom she's wrong without also implying she's a liar. The fix is in.
Come on one more baby
I wasn't paying attention. I threw one of my headphones in my water and it still works
The sand man can't put u to sleep call the Zan man !
I really just don't regret shit
She truly needed a lift oh her brows, and eyelids, but she was SO focused on her forehead wrinkles that weren't even that bad!
Ok I'd really like to fall asleep now
I was the best you ever had baby\n&amp; you'll never get that rush again
Can you just be fuckin real with me
Why are the heat players shaking each other hands?\n\"Congrats on getting stomped, bro\"\n\"Thanks. You too, kid\" \n
The US I believe that we will win commercial is getting me so pumped for the game
That could be a red card
wow thanks for following me back month later ((:
If you have a significant other that you love and cherish, my happiness for you is unmeasurable. But for ME, I'm coo off that rn.
I just want to be left alone man
Good thing I like goldfish to... fyi teriyaki with cheddar goldfish..... yep ... that would happen if I could move...
IF THIS GOES THROUGH I WILL BE SO HAPPYYYYY
Dam got kicked in the nose
Im just sitting in aris's room eating all his candy leis from grad while he cleans.
But I wish I can just get high,I'll just buy another 40.
If Aereo proves anything, it's that unlike city\/state law (transport, rental), federal law (copyright) is not easily changed
Funny how bitches always throw shade but claim they \"grown\" I refuse to scoop to ya level !
I been trying to go sleep for like 2 hours already -_- im not even sleepy
I still can't believe I saw and outta nowhere that show was mad crazy and loud!
He said the regular show I'm weak bruh
Going to have a food orgy New York City today
U know it's real who You are who you think u are.
You try to translate and they're like what? And you get frustrated like why don't you understand my chinglish?!?!
Yesterday made me notice how much I actually love group chats
Always wanted to do the DM thing but no one would probably do it so that happens
I done did looked at the wronng story:\/
Why does everyone try telling me I don't love the person I love plez stahp
If only I chilled with a female who ate as much as me ! niggas would be going out all the time :)
A large winged bug just coasted in the window and landed loudly on this catalog that's being used as a mousepad. When I failed to grab it &gt;
need some cool ideas of what to do before I end up wasting my entire summer
I can't believe how shitty this year is compared to all the other years that I thought were shitty. I have real problems now. What the fuck
No one texts me except for when I don't have time
Why the fuck are you even in this ?
And on Gotta get Away by The Offspring I used to think it said \"Damn Angie..\" but it actually \"I'm feeling edgy\" \nlmao
Woke up to an overcast NYC. Happiest of Birthdays, America!
Who's brand and definition of liberty will win? With this Court, the ones with the most money and power.
I made Amanda's nipples hard
It ain't no joke when ya man go away to college
Well the bad news is my friends dont wanna go anywhere the good news is I brushed my hair and put on pants
All I wear is baggy ass tshirt shorts and my hair is a really ugly bun
This Emotional Pain Just Isn't Going Away.
\": Dont know why people think us has a chance against germany\"
Vibing with two different people until the sun comes up. This is the stuff that I live for
Jvrois jvais arriver a Marseille jvais pleurer
I didn't fall asleep til 4 so why am I up?
Why do people keep writing articles about how girls are saying that convict is hot? It's just causing more people to talk about him.
Pues dejame jugar un poco ahora
What is a Gila monster per say?
*Sets self up on the diving board*
Apparently people at Pride marches really like Chipotle. Three or them around the block, all with lines out the door.
Are more stay-at-home dads really wanting to do this or are more dads felons, lazy, high or unemployable?
This mo on a bike just eye fucked the shit out of me &amp; \"mhmm'd\" as I was crossing in front of him. Jesus Christ. Will that be me someday?
Only the damn Germans would cruise into the quarter finals and THEN start using their best line-up
Literally can't wait for spring break in college
It's a sad day when I realize that I actually miss April
GET THE FUVK UP! U KNOW U JUST PULLED A MUSCLE
Where the fuck is the sun
haven't had a cigarette in two weeks.
\"If I make it to 80, I'm starting cocaine.\"\n\n-girlfriend's dad
I am accidentally writing an intellectual treatise on how to get people to clean their own coffee mugs at the office. THERE IS NO OTHER WAY
when I tell you I'm guessing on every single question for this regents tomr!!!!
Swear I just saw Hemingway sitting in Pret a Manger
Does anyone know if we have dress down tomorrow!!?
Everyones going to get pissed bc im going to make noise tho
Watching The World Cup at Bj's!
Because they cross the line and it's all your fought
I think airports are my favorite place in the world.
Someone should hangout and drink copious amounts of alcohol with me very soon
These officials have sucked Portugal so hard holly shit
America playlist for sure on this plane ride
3 consecutive orgasms guarantee you'll be feeling good all day
I believe that we will win
Father's Day would not be complete without a father-son baseball catch in the backyard
Boarding school= always missing your closest friends over breaks
Yeesh, What an ugly lead.
drinkin 40s out in rock away
Is that piercing\/tattoo place that use to be on 184 &amp; audobon still there?
fucked your bitch n kicked her out for shitty conversation
I don't feel like it's summer because summer 13 never ended for me...
We are meeting on Server Sleet at Town right now for the Celebration of !! ^Bud
Sleep all day up all night. I'm 99.9% sure I'm nocturnal
Just googled \"fresh fish park slope.\" It's a few years late, but my twenties apparently just ended.
It looks like my closet threw up ughh I'm not trying to clean up any clothes right now ...
may be doomed with that injury
Fuck these Africans up
I wish I could turn back time to when everything was perfect.
I don't like baby monitors bc there always sounds like there's a demon in the room
this Mexican BITCH OH NAH
I don't like a phony nigga
And now ESPN is trying to assert that a man having a kid is as hard as a woman having a kid in professional tennis
What time does end registration for today ?
I just ate the gnarliest banana.
Corey is so mad right now
I would bring up the SCOTUS in every major Senate and Presidential election to educate everyone why every vote counts.
Never put people first if you always come last. &amp; never give them your all when you only get half.
Keyshia Cole mad bitter singing her heart out
fall back game boutta be too deluxe
Jaap ji sahib took so long I grew a beard
Ed Sheeran has been in my head all day!
Jennifer Freeman look good like her dress.
And suddenly, that beautiful little thing I had hidden away all for myself isn't mine anymore.
Girls 20 and up do you feel happy or offended when people say you look 15-17?
If it wasn't so late id deadasss come to your house and prove to you that your the only one i want :\/ ...
Soo much work but it was worth it
Just brutal for Altidore. Four years of build up and it ends (possibly) on a hamstring.
I hear lets go Oakland chants in Miami I'm lovin it
Fuck man I hate texting people who don't reply
Damn if only you knew . . .
I'm dying my hair black in August. Fuck being blonde.
Ok so this she's greenlight right??? BUT ENGLISH LOVE AFAIR IS PLAYING WTF
Got no right to bring someone down, so I don't
When I'm at the gym please do not stand unnecessarily close to the machine I'm using OR look at me while yore doings reps.
I unfollowed an annoying guy on my insta &amp; I'm pretty sure he unfollowed me to refollow me so I would get the notification &amp; refollow him
Let's geaux to the Round of 16! ! ! !
why would you try to kill my vibe? like go die
\"You're my eminem. Smack my butt would ya?\"
Where is the twitter button to delete my account
Both teams with sane functional lineups! Hurray!
So glad I don't have to work either job today
I don't ever have to straighten my hair anymore and it makes me happy
sorry for all the pics with my family lol
So bored at my grandmas house
what a strike!
Jermaine jones is a homie
It's a shame wade has to resort to causing fouls just to try and score some points. Lol
' them bitches was niceeeee on that pole , no lie.
Man kick off the man Nose ...Lmaoooo
So this super attracted and adorable guy almost ran into me with his cart at my job.....fffffffffffffffffuck I want someone to be close to.
Alzo mi voz- tito el bambino ft tercer cielo
I need to make some changes.
\"Every time I cough, a fart just appears.\"-
DJ Private Ryan's Summer Dancehall Mix got me wanting to start dancing in this mall!
Man its hard not to act reckless.
Finally back on campus. It feels weird without my main peeps...
my greatest talent is being able to watch 5 years worth of a tv show in one week
I just wanna look at cute puppies all day and eat ice cream
Sleep paralysis is hands down the scariest thing that ever happened to me.
Why is The Fosters such a terribly good show?
K when can I see my sister
I will follow you into the dark.
What I do know is that I will truly and honestly miss every little goddamn thing
hey pay journey the money and make Bo's theme don't stop bo-lieving
RHCP in a traffic jam in Buffalo coming home from Ziggy Marley
IM TRYING SO HARD NOT TO LAUGH THAT MY EYES ARE TEARING UP.
Performing for a living is amazing...though there is no magic to help the travel
Feeling helpless right now, torn ligament on my heel. Can't really walk, hurts like he'll. Icing it now. Hope I feel better soon.
3 kinds of sunscreen mock me from the counter at the vacation cottage. . So . Take that you plastic bottles!
All cheaters get cheated at the end.
WHY R U HAVING CHILDREN WHEN U CANT EVEN TAKE CARE OF URSELF?
Just found out my grandma had her bridal shower at fibbers yearsssss ago. Talk about full circle
Well still haven't heard from u
That's why he's the best in the world
Literally super lazy to go charge my phone.
Lol that was mean jk faggot
Cab driver gum balled someone. Awesome.
this shift is a struggle rn
If you bisexual ... You a hoe ... End of discussion
\" don't get pregnant or a dwi\"
\" which isn't obviously about me \"
I am so grateful for the opportunity I just got at work, its only been 3 months and I've already proven that I'm ready to move up
Pretty soon all employers will have religious objections.\n
Twenty twenty twenty four hours to goooo I wanna lick your butthole
Hahahah that shit had me dying
Can't even lay down with my fresh bloody cuts rubbing against my sheets
The dude that missed that penalty is never going to live that down
E eu ainda preciso de um celular novo :c
Hate people that got no type of originality
I HATE BEING STUCK IN MY HOUSE
\"But when ... under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government\"
Omg I'm gonna get sooooo drunk on blue juice this summer
cheer camp kicked my ass today
It takes a real man to admit to his mistakes. And boy, do I have a list of mistakes bigger than Hitlers gas bill.
I've never fully appreciated a shower or a bed until today
wheeler is too inconsistent for my liking..Harvey is he only ace of the staff and he was drafted by omar mineya
I want Filipino food.
but seriously how many more fouls are there going to be, we're still only in the group stages...
Se metieron con Venezuela ahora que se aguanten el bullying :).
Feels like in on the edge of a cloud \nAnd only you can see me.\n\nBlissed out and I don't know how.\nHow did you sedate me.
Honest, My mind is killing me. I need to go do something to get my mind off things.
Horsford is speaking of technology over 10 years ago.
That's definitely a broken nose...
I swear if you say the word I will move so fast lmao
James Rodriguez looks like every other Colombian guy in Colombia.. I don't understand what the hypes about!
I honestly am so paranoid about people disliking me
Damn I get to drink again tonight tomorrow night and sunday night lmfao Evanickis can drink
Took me madd long to send that tweet.
im at that age where half my friends are engaged and having babies and the other half are too drunk to even find their phones.
I'm latching on to you
Huge congrats to workers who now have a union! I look forward to hearing about good faith bargaining!
I'm hype for the samples to come in
I believe that we will win!!!! USA
What's with all the zip-ups?
That girl in the Islanders jersey on the stage next to Del Coll was really cute!
*THING. THE THUG THING TO SAY. DANG IT.
Fat Lesbians! &lt;
Wish I was with al gore, Alexander Hamilton, george lopez, FDR, and whoever else cause I dont remember their names
I hate this town it's so washed up &amp; all my friends don't give a fuuuckk
I'm the only one that gets the job done
La re concha de tu madre Bosnia.
Why am I listening these songs?
i'm listening to austin mahone radio on itunes it's all old disney songs bless
50 doll hairs to fill old betty up!
YESSS!!! USA USA USA!
If you my nigga i dont like any female around you. No friends, buddies, etc I DON'T LIKE THEM
Ziggler has not shown his face in forever.
I love a man who know what he wants
Whenever housekeeping knocks on the door I start playing pornos off of my phone to make things real awkward
Just let the bugs do it in peace ok
I thought I was being generous by having you take it back and get your money back.. But okay.
I cant mess with people that constantly switch up.
When someone says if they had a chance to be in a hostel and pay money to torture someone ... Yes you're pretty evil lol
Holy shit they did the garbage....until I walk into my room and then there are probably bags in there cause my family is retarded
76 days until my birthday and tbh in less than an hour I shit you not it'll be 75 days
Take banana and Take cheese Take banana and Take cheese Take banana and Take cheese Take banana and Take cheese Take banana and Take cheese
Enjoying orange is the new black
Sheamus with the 10 beats!
opportunity cost is one of my favs
Shit over blood
LMAO, bum. RT Messi's 2nd World Cup goal came almost exactly 8 years after his 1st (June 16, 2006 vs Serbia &amp; Montenegro)
my brother : \"elias is a fuckin scrapa thrompa he need needa get out my varrio\" \nme : \"ok\"
Wow jwe ya stresse wi men koze
Nice celebration from that guy lmao
Just found out I'm off mon to Thursday?
Going to 7-11 to buy a slurpee!
Many fucking ginobli !!!!!!!!!
I remember when i was little and i called bad boy records asking for a job lmao
someone let's go to the boardwalk
Has there ever been a black male valedictorian in bay shores history?
Trying to stay sane is like a full time hobby.
honestly watching the croods with niece is so fun. I guess there's a part inside me that's still a kid.
My analysis: need a nap and another healthy outfielder ASAP.
Do they even eat the food on the Bachelorette!!?! Give it to meeeeee
I started Orange is the New Black and now I can't stoppppppp
This nigga Tyler Posey got the worst jaw line in the game
My parents forgot to pick me up from work and idk where they are
In need of last minute fireworks hmu
I slept 14 hours. I'm pretty sure if I complain about being tired today someone will karate chop me in the throat.
feels better when you let it all out don't it ?
I wish my name was really jawrecka
fuckinf fuck frick fracking fack fuck shit fuck i hate this show so fracking much shoot me
Nigga you scared so how you talking shit but I dont hear
Don't have to be home till 8. Someone make plans with me. Meet me somewhere.
I have the biggest craving for salmon steak you guys.
Hey notice anything special about this cc
Y Bosnia !!!
whoops I want everything from Victoria's Secret
Basketball AND jeopardy ? This kids versatile
Am I only one who does not care about the basketball game?
Andale pues Costa Rica!! (Call me, maybe, Navas)
Omar Asik to the Pelicans for future first round pick....
Trying to hold my pee from Sausalito to the grapevine. Probs not my best idea
Why wasn't it made known that would be performing on ?! I didn't record it!!
sometimes I really feel like deleting my Instagram and twitter. I feel like I'm just on social media for the hype
Truth is like a rotten tooth, you gotta spit it out.
Fuck using them
Need to catch up on my and see what they thought about the season finale. OSB moments everywhere.
Woah wtf it tweeted that game shit 2x oh well I'll do them
I can't be the only one excited to see why this Ab-Soul x JMSN song is 23 minutes long.
Someone tell this faggot to calm down, maaaan I'm tryna watch BATMAN.
When I grow up, I just wanna be
dang I just want to sleep in for once.
My mom is really fucking annoying
Tonight w dinner my mom gave me ONE (1) glass of wine. Now I'm tired and I have a headache. Hoopfest is going to be hard
Who do you know thats iller than mac miller &amp; company?
How many fucking times will people abandon me.
\": when u all playing again\" Saturday Sunday Monday.. 8pm- till lights go off at mhs
And with that game of magic, onto the elim game
CLINT YES I LOVE YOU TES YES
Remember when I was addicted to twitter because I do....
K navas is just amazing..what a goal keeper...
Asamoah score so you can hit us with them azonto moves
Cute of you to pick up my scraps my darling
if i had the $$ hot stone massage literally so worth it
So what I look like scurred?
I hate living in this house so much
Deadlifted 325 5x today, but somehow I fe disappointed in myself
ugh I had soda for the first time in forever last night... no bueno
May we recommend? running films w\/tough guy\/real-life hellraiser Lawrence Tierney, Wed PM-Thur AM. He made a cool Dillinger.
I feel like I'm entering a mid life crisis
My hair is so soft right now. Someone come play with my hair.
so you think you can dance is like my tv show lmao
Do I still benefit from Kombucha's medicinal properties if I have it with gin?
De regreso al vicio de las crepas.
I have two fans on. The bedside one and the big one. I can't sleep without them the noise puts me to sleep
Its senior fucking year who gives a fuck caz not me
I think I'm JFK's final speech, they try assassinating all of my beliefs
never been so bored in my life
I need to get out of this funkkkkk
This guy has his headphones in and he's lip singing and I wonder what he's listening to
Actually really dislike my name so like
Oh jozy i hope its not serious
WOW UR SO FUCKIN COOL!!!!!! HA SHUT THE FUCK UP???
I physically cannot go to sleep until the temperature in this room drops about 10-15 degrees.
And almost no one gets it
My snapchat story was just playing don't take it serious
Moms getting me breakfast what a doll
\"I find you toothsome. I think you're worth putting in spade work for,\" said the last-century pick up artist.
Lol heat getting they ass whooped lol I'm only watching this to get Shaneeka mad
Adding distribution centers and inventory is adding risk to hardware startups, it takes only 6 hrs to send an astronaut to space
Accident, shoulder blocked in on Hwy 99 SB after Jack Tone Rd slow traffic from Austin Rd, delay of 2 mins
The office on. \n\nThe world out.
Only penn staters are up at this hour...lol
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
As the fact that my lil brother is blasting Pitbull songs is not making my mood any better
And needy and bitchy. This needs to stop
Smoke heavier than yah mom on weight watchers
Sitting outside Meghan's to pick Caleb up and I think she fell asleep lol what do I do
Shawty got a big ol' butt ! Oh yeeeeaaahhh
Might need an ask sesh
I look like someone from an 80's cop drama today
Why is autocorrect automatically making your you're
\": In the mood for Teri Teri\"
I don't know why I'm watching this I'm getting mad!
The \"\" advertisements are so uh, hahaha!
Seems weird to have save London instead of
If your my best catching WR and my old butt can keep you from getting off the line in press man, you are no longer my best WR.
FROM THE FRONT TO THE BACK FROM THE LEFT TO THE RIGHT SIDE
Lacey es el mejor, no se habla mas.
YAS omg I'm so happy dad buy me a puppy
You promised this wouldn't happen
I hate how sad dogs get when they know your going away somewhere
take me on a date out in the ocean, just me u and our boards
MY DAYGHTER IS MY LIFE . Only parents will understand that feeling .
If I was paid to predict the future... this week\/weekend woulda been a fatttt pay out
Friday night and I'm heading to the gym! Love my Friday nights!
Sou do tipo de pessoa que se precipita falando algo, e depois se arrepende
Happy Birthday America. Land of the free, home of Tim Howard.
48 hours. The amount of time it took my to christen my new rug with a hairball.
JONES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let's go!!!!
3lau is the BEST DJ ...
I've decided I can't take these crowds two days in a row
I JUST TRIED A DAIRY QUEEN BLIZZARD FOR THE FIRST TIME THESE ARE SO GOOD WHAT ON EARTH
WHY DO I ALWAYS HAVE TO REPEAT MYSELF
dont even want to go anywhere without ebba
'when love is born, a friend dies'
Weather just ruining the day, smhh..
Holy crap that was amazing
Last time I check you don't live my life I do
Trying to fart as much as I can while I'm on my 10
Now I can finally pack!
I'm happy... We're happy.... The rest is history
I honestly don't know what I'm gonna wear today lol
The concert is nearing 3 hours, yo. IM NOT GONNA MAKE IT TO MY 21st BIRTHDAY. AUGUST 5th WILL BE MY DAY OF DEATH!
Is Galway the school that hasn't grades the USH regents?
But man homegirl got a fat ol' ass
I guess I should correct myself by saying that I am going to the National Baseball HOF. Doesn't just involve the MLB.
MY DOG THINKS SHE CAN JUST SLEEP ON ME AND GET AWAY WITH IT?!!?!?!?? WELL SHe can because she's cute.
I come from the era, VHS
ahora dique va a llove mielcole jueve y vielne ._. no me impolta.. total no salqo. seria el puto colmo que tenqa que sali :c@
typical soccer embellishment \"i broke my nose poor me\" wah
There goes 72 two baiting suits
I wonder if you can use Swift generics to do compile-time Fibonacci numbers like C++ Template metaprogramming...
Its a wrap
I am always the odd one out lol
I always wonder why ppl screenshot your snapchats.
\" just took a shit \"
That's not how you spell his name deary
In bergenfield with the skama wassap
After every single sentence: \"Fuck shit\"
But I don't understand. What's the point?
Game over already
* 2 weeks RT : I literally have 4 months of summer left fml.
I told you in the beginning, I'm just like any other girl ..
I really need like the illest back massage
Don't ask me to read the directions and then yell at me for not making sense I am literally reading off a screen
The older I get, the more I understand R.Kelly
Achando muito massa eu ter perdi o show gratis do the vamps
Chappy's gift was a weekend away w\/ the boys to attend a wedding and one full night of sleep w\/o being woken up by our monster.
Once I get comfortable I'll say the most random thing and I won't stop talking
Never thought I'd be back in SFO this soon.
Jk I'll regret this when I wake up feeling weak as shit
I remember my birthday \nit was horrible bc everyone forgot it \nThe only good part was my car
Officially going to New York City at the end of the month
OMG TEEN WOLF IS AMAZING LOVE HOW IT STARTED
Rain in the area on the 4th of July? Anyone know if that's the long range forecast? Fireworks in Jeapordy?
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x21
neighbors are wylin; horns, yelling, and now they are turning up aventura. i'm going to show these puerto ricans a map someday.
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
What the heck ate you doing Ronaldo.
so I've decided I'm going to just paint my own converse and make them Ellie\/Bastille crossover converse cuz too broke for $35 shipping
Yeah I'm gonna do the stanky leg after I grab my diploma...
I don't know what to tell you If you're over 18 and still acting different on social networks
Never shop with a girl lmao
Hanging and dancing at with and and
Until you find a cuter guy just so you can forget that I even exist. Sounds good?
Day 1 boys
Snapchat with my habiby &lt; 3
Good morning and good night texts are so cute. You get reassurance that someone is thinking about you :)
Someone keep me updated on the draft. Can't watch it.
Crazy start for !!
Everyone is posting the OWN Scholarship thing on IG but where is the actual proof of this
I really love how complicated everything's getting
Roofin got me lookin like
Everything I do is all for her &amp; I get not even loyalty bro
my summer school squad is funny as fuck
IF U GOT SUMMER SCHOOL HAAHA FUCKU FUCKERS
who wants to cuddle and rewatch every episode of the United States of Tara w me
I doubt it will happen this time
Time to go Jam tonight tho!
She fucked up wen she gave me that pussy
Cada vez mas dificiles y largos los tt en serio u.u
I think I'm trippin. Just have someone text you and stare at it
These retainers are annoying af lol
Mixed players out here killin it.
Kill me now. Why. Why. Why. Whyyyyyy
Yo im trying to VOTE FOR YOU GUYS ITS NOT WORKING SHEESH
Why juicy performing this old ass song
Jeter knows how to battle.
Needless to say if I see a hotdog, I'll throw up.
Of course whenever something serious happens at work our managers never show up and do their job and make me and Wes take care of everything
This wont be Lebrons last time in the finals. Magic went to 9 and lost 4. Its about bouncong back
HOLY SHIT OMFG HOLY SHIT
I need to get health done with
My brother is my only hope for Disneyland tomorrow before I get blocked out for the entire summer.
Soooooo I'm supposed to be walking in to work but I see this dude trying to pry a car door open with a wire hangar....
Imma light this gram blunt for this win
I just learned from my buddy that in Holland you get paid 13 months to have 1 month of spending money on your 1 month vacation. Nice.
Neil de Grasse Tyson' s Punch Out
Didn't even get to sit down
where is and her bag of useful stuff
\nEvery time I hear the Doors, think of how Jim Morrison didn't want 2 sing but wanted 2 isolate and write his POETRY, only 27 yrs old
Will the Free Agent Frenzy only occur on TSN and NHL network?
At JFK with making our way to Florida:D CEO and other shenanigans to follow.
Well brah if she ya bish , then why ya goin around talkin to several other people too ya clown ?
I wanna go to Ireland so bad
Laying in bed crying all day ;( wisdom teeth are coming in so bad and I've been bitting on toilet paper all day . This is the worst pain
Hey, asshole swearing in the front seat on the phone with your friend- NO
Yeeee, let's go padres! Starting the series off strong!
can't wait for my brushes to come in
left the goalie looking.
I am really into name brands . So I know the worth of shit .
Don't Michael Jordan still got his hoop earrin in? *drizzy vc*
Learning to criticize people in my head and not out loud
Hot dogs and a box of wine. Yep the first lyrics from a terrible band I'm watching.
I'm sick &amp;&amp; tired if these headaches
I don't want to go to wines class I just want to go back to bed
smoking a cigarette on my fire escape at 5am wearing only my rottweiler t shirt and adidas slides
Won't stop til I find my perfect college in Cali. I'm going there I don't care what anyone says and who doubts me
Mom just discovered snapchat..this is an exciting night in the Block household
When people tell me to turn down and mean it, I seriously get anxiety.
I ligit have no words for 's ass except for these 3 perfect words its
Im a Flirt used to slap hella hard
Slowly but surely spending all my tattoo money on bullshit.
Welp, making a small dent in my wisdom tooth bill already. then it's back to saving for a car, or street bike....
I hate when I think about people from my past.
I love practicing the big A...
Let us also celebrate gender nonconformity and fluid gendered peeps!! May everyone get to be who they to be forever, ad infinitum.
I come thru in whips that make the young boy take the long way home
Campbell doing well considering he's had no support in attack since the red card
I really don't want to do this English paper
Atleast now I know where I stand. Thanks
the amount of comments about my A's sweater right now is over the top lololol
Jermaine Jones with the cracka!!
Is there one big conference call between all cab drivers in New York 24\/7?
EARLIEST USA GOAL IM WORLD HISTORY
Br I N Cl H O F
I watched part of that Twilight movie tonight only to find out that what I watched was a dream of a terrible movie within a terrible movie.
Alter ideas and you can alter the world.
don't call it a comeback
I HAVE SO MANY PICTURES AND SO MANY GOOD MEMORIES
Just made some good ass lemonade I feel like Gucci mane
Time for a little with Claire
Just listened to an entire podcast about the World Cup. Not sure there's anything left for me to live for.
Smh my nigga in like 7 I have never thrown a punch at someone
Who wants to come over to watch the USA game tomorrow? \n\n
Poor guy.. He ain't 100%
I can safely say that this year I may not have to tweet that
Now that I got my tickets, let's tailgate right now!
There's never anything to do around this time unless you're at a party
Today I went for a run and got lost....
Your just like poison..how can something so deadly feel so right!
Ghana has really taken control of the possession aspect of the game. The USA can not chase for another 60+ minutes. We Need more the ball.
Ya soy muy boba
We don't need US to get into heaven we need Heaven to get into US.
Jurgen can't believe it omg I screamed so loud
Mimi dumb af, yes he leak the tape.
GREAT START U.S.A.! Now finish the fight!
it's already coo so far they started it off right this year Frfr
Clint swagged that goal like he's nice or something
In the old English novels I read, the servants had to worship the way their employers did for job security.
I got the cover off a '68, i fired it up and let them horses sing
ajajaa Leo le puso Nicky Limonah a la perrita JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJ NONO ESTE FLACO ME HACE LA VIDA
Lemme take this mcat real quick tho.
In pineapple juice and there. Is nothing you can do to fuckin stop me.
Inteha hoogai... k intezar ki...\n
I been over the bitch. I'm just lettin it be known
seattle tomorrow til saturday! and my best frand is coming too wow it's gunna be weird.
some send off i was...
I've only been a mcm like once, wuchall talkin bout lmfaoooo
Got kicked from the chat because I made fun of because his high school graduated from laguardia and we graduated from Hofstra
I hate how intense the rain gets and then it just stops
Shoutout to niggaz that love dey girl and love pussy...but also like a nigga dick n dem from time to time
GOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLL LETSSSSA FUCKING GOOO OMFG I HAVE NEVER SCREAMED SO HARD IN MY LIFE OMFG GOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLL
can't get over the fact I leave in 2 weeks
NOW DEMPSEY WTF
I love you Shawn keep on chasin your dream bae
solo recuerdo esa noche tu y yo en mi cama!!
IM IN SO MUCH PAIN IM GOING TO SCREAM
Ole dumb ahh.
wish there were more people my age in this town
I'm happy to have sex that has consequences. I'm not happy to have sex where the consequences are sickness or pregnancy.
might as well just change my name it I'm Lonely
A lawyer tried to convince me that abortion is homicide according to the Bible.Well,he now knows that I stand in favor of freedom of choice.
It doesn't feel like the Fourth of July..
\": Ronaldo sprints into the box at full speed and absolutely wallops the ball into the stands. Crushed it past the near post...\"
That's the only reason why i don't mind coming in to work
TYLER IM GOING GO FUCKING KILL YOU
La Suerte Del Feo El Lindo La Desea..\n
I wanna be ran but I get bored after 5 minutes of laying out on the sun
day drunk by 1 pm everyday
My truck sounded great going through that tunnel today
Will I ever know how it feels to hold you close?\nAnd have you tell me whichever road I choose you'll go
Fuck that's embarrassing lolol I hate when I unfollow people by accident
PLEASE let me sit next to someone smart PLEASE
10 yooo math buddie (: he he he you and Sam be cute tbh c:
This job will make you hate overtime
Feels so good to run when your sore!
When you free yourself. You feel light. Extreme peace.
Lmfao that vine is always hilarious
First time I rode a bike I ran into a car
Why am I not a celebrity
I think I'm overdosing on coffee
Nobody to go to the beach with..
Initiate tattoo peel-age
I think I went out and did more stuff during the school year than I have and will do during this summer
Today Is my graduation party I been waiting for this to happen so long it's finally here
Someone get me out of my house please
\": 10 months and counting with \"
\"It was the worst sex of her life but the best sex of mine\"
Y que paso con y ? una buena dosis de salsa para calmar la ansiedad.
the latest ive slept in this whole week was 8
Banggg Brosta Rica into the next round!
all of deeph knows how much I love my \"let freedom ring\" shirt and it feels so appropriate that I wore it to bed last night
Who throwing me a banger for my 18th birthday ?
Vallenatos in the morning are the best
There's this thing called doing whatever you so please and you should try it tbh.
Tricia and I might be dream team pb partners tn
90% sure that there are girls watching the game right now just because Cristiano Ronaldo is playing
Dempsey playing with a broken noise, what a boss
Riding round the Bronx on this nice day
Who better than the captain!!! USA!!!
Game 5.. who y'all got?
ment with space means life is real soon some photos and other things of me
Killed it at work today i sold like 6 shoes and hella clothes
It just hit me in my head
She's like a freaking fire blanket
Of course the first Pirates game on TV in forever and we're getting clobbered.
my grandma made me a bed on the couch and its so cute. lol i didnt even catch her doing it cuz i was in netflix
Traded it in for a whole nother world, a pirate flag and an island girl
I'm just saying!
Tit for tat
My weekend plans: House party in the Castro Saturday night, Parade \/ Rooftop Cabana party on Sunday. Time to rage!
I've been non stop downloading music and its no where close still to what I used to have. Sad life. Taking a break for now :x
Don't forget to stop by tomorrow for grad party at high falls
5 &amp; 1\/2 hours to go! Maybe I will get to go home early...
Great i failed my math class ugh!!! Gotta re take it
my tl either ships kira and scott or doesnt there is no in between
Beto didnt even move haha
Almost another month of summer is over... what!!
GOD BLESS CLINT DEMPSEYYYY
We all knew Ambrose would be in that match...him and Rollins will be a huge storyline for months to come
Keating and Kordell will buy me pizza if I drive them to sylvan beach nice n easy rn... What should I do?
172 - your avi is so fire, you're a stranger though so change that
My prom dress is pretty and my date is handsome I can't wait for tomorrow
Jermaine Jones holy shit
God bless Tim because Portugal would be winning by a long shot right now
Rooting for colombia today! Todos somos hispanos!!
Your Bible tells you to seek FIRST the Kingdom of God and His righteousness. \nDo you believe God?
everyone should listen to aware or drown by front porch step because both those songs are incredible
I still can't believe me and lyss ate two bags of hot fries last night.
Who are so good music artist?
with knowledge that there are neo-nazis operating as hipsters in Brooklyn, I now have a reason to go back to WMburg. They should have money
shoutout to the girl peeing w the door open. just saw her whole vagina:)
My son's very first movie...need to watch it :D
Aww thanks. Happy 4th! :)
Shannon needs to learn how to summarize.
I'm tired goodnight, hopefully that spider won't kill me in my sleep
Imma be tight if I gotta spend 30 bucks on a cab
two wheels rollin down the wildwood boardwalk right into the Atlantic .
Umma stop relying on this nigga sometimes bruh
WORLD CUP: 's Jozy Altidore carried off the pitch with an injury. Uh...what's Landon Donovan's cell number? Score: USA 1, GHA 0
Out ballin in this nice day
Beccas so perfect I'm like mad
Won't need to worry about makeup at tonight's show. Just saying
Not that PJ left a selfie on my phone. Ol tall assssssss
Listening to chance the rapper puts me in a good ass mood
Can Devins gay ass stay off my twitter?
It's really kind of impressive how someone's words can effect my whole day.. Lolsies
Facts RT : Twitter is wack rn
My window isn't open so how the hell are all these bugs getting in
ATTENTION DRIVERS: It's not handsfree if you're holding the goddamn mic of your earbuds to your mouth
I hope what's his name isn't messing with that baby. .. I guess age is just a number lol
Why do all the fellas start talking at once? And then poof, they are gone. This happens to me so much
This blonds guide to the necessary faith , love and excitement of the deal. Only a few things come close ..,
I think its time for another sleeve to start on
any parties for the fourth LMK
Better than messi's goal
Nicole just started crying HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Had a fun night until I almost got struck by lightening
Hahahahah wait what
Why was I just introduced as \"eddies girl\" I got a name doe
The amount of brownies I ate today is disgusting
Norris can't catch a break :\/
Fired 4 postin a messy ER was extra she didnt show a patient being worked on or files couldve jus suspend her &amp; said dont do it again
Atleast I know how to blend my makeup
Goal for USA!
Hell up, you don't even make sense right now.
today I saw a nun in a mobility scooter and all I could think of was virgin mobile!
If you didn't think a bearded white guy was the generic music look, someone just complimented me on my piece at
some ppl won't be happy til they've pushed you to the ground. find courage to stand your ground. hold on to your power &amp; never give it away.
i cannot believe tyson chandler and raymond felton have been traded to dallad mavericks. not happy! atleast tim hardaway jr is still here.
Most people on Catfish are complete idiots, but I do feel bad for some.
Doolittle is unhittable!! Check out his stats since appearing on the podcast. I'm just saying...
6 - houses down, I can still here the music. Thanx
I sound like a bitch thru text bc I'm too lazy to type out extra letters and exclamation points to sound \"nice\"
Last night : \"Testicles is playing guys,you should cum\". This girl tho
I'm not emotionally so I won't cry but imma wash your whole shit up
10-1 going into 8th. On the good side, Mike Pope pitched 4 scoreless
I just died in your arms tonight, it must've been something you said.
\"Penny Dreadful\" is gory, porn-y, gothic victoriana. I think I like it. But it is pulp.
Can we go to splash this weekend ?
reasons to be a mermaid:\n- no periods\n- no pants\n- perfect hair\n- u get to lure men into their death\nalso, free clam bra
Who brings a dog to dinner?
Discussing how we can only wear certain things to meeting and that it excludes like half our wardrobes
I just realized how ugly Lindsay Logan is
But rwlly though why is Elf on
I feel so special everyone's asking my opinion on their music I feel loved
I'm going to attempt to not wet my hair while I shower lol
Not drinking coffee is the hardest
I dont get why people like starting shit on insta or twitter u look dumb
\"\" jajajajajaj miren como lloro, vamos a sacarle un chiste a esta vaina
No, . I'm not excited about the .
Fresh cut, clean dunks, cool shirt, nice jeans.
I need a fucking chiropractor but I'm scared shitless of chiropractors. Do you see my dilemma??
Lol I be screaming I want to drive but when my ass start driving I be acting lazy and don't want to do it nomore lol
Look at the stars 480i..now get ur breathing to 2breaths a minute for a few minutes..now look at the stars again 1080P
People make me feel so horrible about myself. How do they have the audacity to do that?
I wish it could be summer forever
I'm turnt right one and I just wanna twerk. This is what happens when you're lowkey ratchet and drunk lol
I have a bug bite on my armpit and one on the bottom of my foot. My life is not fun right now. Yay for being a bug magnet..
No better way to head into retirement than getting thrown into a kiddie pool of chocolate pudding
I just need to relax and pass out early tonight
And even when you frustrate me, I still want you by my side.
I swear all girls ever talk about is yogurt.
Um Grande beijo para os meninos do ! Assistindo online direto de NY.\n
Ginobill wack he gets me tight .. he makes alot of dumb mistakes but its aii cus the heat still lost .. Lmfl
I'm so hungry I bought a cake but didn't want my mom to know so I finished it before she got home
I just want them to stop tryna fix my tooth &amp;' just pull it out.
I wish I could say I were more proud of America than I really am. I've been let down recently by the system.
You can tell Ronaldo's hurting
Jesus this news about The Women's Project is heartbreaking. Just more reason to keep fighting the good fight
DJ JOHNDALORD ON DECK HAAN
you already know that you the perfect one
It's genuinely wonderful to be with someone who actually appreciates and means something to you.
Two tatted up guys walking down Second Ave comparing the membership rules at their parents' country clubs.
Srsly in love with view. Sutro Tower, SF skyline, both bridges, Marin, Mt Tam, Berkeley and Oakland Hills
The most important words you'll ever learn are \"I like myself.\"
When you wake up from a 5 min nape and tells you that you've finished the season.
you're the best &amp; worst think that has ever happened to me.
6 horas de atraso, chegamos em NY agora... Jesus!!!!
What if your heart said, baby, you were born to rage
&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; skinny said he was gonna walk home tonight lololololololol
ooooh I get to work a 1,000 person party tomorrow night!!1!111!!
Come on Team USA - MVP Tim Howard by far
&amp; Mimi a dumb old bitch I swearrr
Shit where's Donovan? Oh wait
Pull up in a types a whips they all excite ya bitch
Overheard at panel on revelations: \"God, I wish Edward Snowden were here.\"
I like to wear what I like to wear. I don't care what section of the store it comes from. Either way I'm always killin it.
Pray for me because I live in a Portuguese neighbourhood. OMG if we hold this we can advance!!!!
\": Quote this if you don't give a shit...\"
U MAD LEBRON
I love to get two on
The US has a knack for the dramatic!
I had a BLAST Music Camp! Had a GREAT Time at the VR Clinic . The jam w Guthrie, Steve, &amp; Skunk? SUPREME
Tuneshi lookin like a crackhead .. once again
I get bored way too easily
2-1 hold on!
So far along that I can't even find you, \rYou know that feeling when you leave your love and it's right behind you \/o\/
Now im chilling in the living room slapping wiz khalifa hella tough
Ginobili got some long strides.
People really need a life try leaving your house a little more
More trouble in Jerusalem. They plan to stop in time to watch World Cup.
You are no longer my brother
Done being nice I'm here for your life and all it's profits
Damn I feel bad for my boy Robin Thicke man. He looks all sad n shit. Smh. I would be too if Paula Patton left my ass
Augustus is not even hot.... wtf is wrong with you people.
Omg! The energy in this room is unreal!
I can't wait to get off this fucking shift -3please
4 turn ons: athletes, a sense humor, tall guys, and putting up with me being a weirdo
Good goal !
A nigha will do shit to u a million times and once u do it to them it's the end of the world lol
I don't know what's finer, you or this wine glass..
Wtf my mom is so fucked up
Why the most unhealthy foods so cheap Stewps
Seeing the legend, Carlos Santana with .
THEY GONE BE EATIN SOME CHURROS IN SAN ANTONIO TONIGHT YALL
Jesus We plead your Blood on the four corners of this Earth!!
The gym out here ode wack! No weight room, just treadmills
I'm bleaching my asshole-Lina Oh ok!!!!
Bro wanted to play me In soccer so I was like fine and I beat him 8-0 lmaoooo
I made it out alive. Sometimes it's better to just take the blow, than to try and work your way out of it.
.No question - a game that isn't for the faint of heart!
beat on penalties(5-3)! What a great save by Navas! to face in the Quarter Finals!
I knew this internet thing was going to be good for something eventually. \n
I needa pray after tonight.. lol
she had it coming,\nshe took a bite out of my sandwich
It did not take long for my sleep schedule to be messed up
I can't even focus on the game because now that's the main thing on my mind.
Really would love to see Lakers make a shocking move.
2 On Thotful by Drake is stuck in my head
Guess ima just have to take a blunt to the neck smh
I could watch a movie about strawberries and id probably cry
Got home. Plans got canceled and I took a nap. Now what.
Come on and dance for me!\nyeah...\nSlow...
Idk how to feel.
Never seen so many people at the gym in my life
Historic episode . Congrats, . 21 amazing years. Thank you.
You leave us alone, Ghana!
Weeds my newest obsession
Americans are goin nuts over Tim Howards world cup performance.. they failed to understand that he does it every week with Everton
Lemme casually beat people up while no one else notices
The entire Argentina team is soo attractive
switched @ birth has never been juicer
There we go. That's more like
I can't wait til school starts haha
Oh no I have to go on a hike.... Legs don't like to hike !!!
Just had the worse night of my life. woke up with a migraine and I was hella cold.
i saw an indiana license plate so i like barleeeyyy punched my mom and said \"INDIANA\" so now shes not buying me food
Casually walking by the Empire State Building going from work to the subway is weird
Just found out my dad was in Seattle for the day... Well that explains why i haven't seen him
Fucking King Ramses on Courage The Cowardly Dog
10 year anniversary of the notebook
I'd like to give a s\/o to for getting her tragus pierced today. Yes, she was provoked by me.
don't let others dictate your life.
I'm going to listen to this song on repeat until I hate it
I'm glad I grew up over the past few weeks.. so tired of all the drama.
Mission for everyone in New Jersey! Come pier village in long branch and buy me food cause I left all my money home ):
I have no friends but send me emojis and ill tell ya something bc ily and im bored
It's the last day of the 2013-14 school. Always a learning experience. Onward and upward
Took a 4-2 Loss but I had chances !
I cant believe I got kicked out of Local for trying to piss in their kitchen
Lol some of these people are hella serious warming up for the 5K and I still need to put my hair up
Let's go \nWe can do it!!! We are \nvs
Me and my mom have the same personality it's so weird
I sincerely hope duquesne has a bass clarinet I can use.
The fact that these games can end in a tie is such a letdown. That's basically like intercourse where neither participant gets to finish.
\"yano, that feeling when youre trying to blow a st bernard out of your ass\"
Like all day today lol
he's seriously so stoked he graduated preschool, it is so cute
IVIG today so glad because never seen his imm sys so low he was coughing yesterday gave him zinc too
So glad the game is on at the hospital.
I have found my future husband. I'll tell him about it later but I swear we'll be married.
You ah fuck nigga and it aint ah secret, im so official they can referee it !
Replacing the hallow feeling of missing my friends with the idea of hot warm bread
I don't get you at all what so ever
It's a struggle when there's no more space on your phone so you start taking snapchats and screenshot to save the photos
Get this bootleg ass paramore outta here
Happy Summer Solstice: a non-religious holiday that doesn't discriminate!
Cant call you tomorrow but i can call you a cab
ALL OF MY SNAPCHAT STORIES ARE OFFICIALLY GONE I AM SO UPSET
out of all the awards shows in the world the BET Awards are tooo love
She's bugging if she thinks imma chill here like nothing
Jason Kidd seriously got traded. Unreal.
Draft day, hope lakers make the right decisions today!
People always have something to say
Social coding paradigm, powerful ideas from Lennart Frantzel .
Life is about taking risks.\nBut sometimes you have to ask yourself \" is it worth it? \"
yes bitch im fucking ghetto now get the fuck away from me before i bitch slap you
how did my mom just trick me into giving blood.. fucking anarchy
I keep forgetting I don't have school anymore
In&amp;out would be supa dupa fly right now
Lmao my mom and both were just screaming \"SOCCERRRRR!\"
trying not to assume but its hard
Watching on . If there's any justice, this band will be huge.
literally came here every weekend from the day I was born until my junior year..
I sure feel a whole lot better today. One day down. One day to go...
My stories are bout to end in 15.. I suggest you watch one more time to fully understand the art of jerking
I was in a bad mood yesterday
I'm really starting to miss my laptop, oh my god
Forreal tho im really done givin anyone somethin for free. buyin em shit. Or doin em favors everyone of u readin this is a fuck boi
1)get home 2)get naked 3)lay next to the fan
If a nigga just fucking you and gives you money sorry to break it to you. You a prosti
A reality tv show on cosmetic surgery gone wrong. I think it sounds like I'm never leaving my house again
Altidore has to score there ...
I need to start bringing a lunch to work because I'm tired of this gross greasy food
And just like that.......the race was won
lol you stupid &amp; who tf you in da car with ? ighh chyna
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
I'll rt them if it makes u feel better
EVERYONE GO LIKE THE LAST PIC I WAS TAGGED IN ON INSTA I LOOK SO UGLY BUT ITS MY LITTLE SISTERS AND SHES CUTE AND WANTS LIKES
GTA V is doing online right. This Independence Day event for XP and in game cash is brilliant.
Its a bitch to make everyone happy.
I just want a good man that'll support my goals &amp; stand by me no matter where I'm at, money isn't important I can maintain myself.
Next week I start working every day so my money is gonna be lookin righttttttt
Yup we are definitely grandmas
: hates shirts, loves hair-gel
Wasted so much time on shit
You need to know all the celebrities and what not
I prosper more when I'm not nice and don't really care about people's feelings. Its my strongest attribute
The tv Francis Ford Coppola collection is incredibly well done. Cheers to those whose worked on it.
Cos every time you touch my hand you feel my power running through your veins
Shot to the brain mustard in my veins
why is time going by so slow
this is literally the funniest thing that has happened on twitter
I'm a breath of freshness, you air pollution
Someone hit me ...I wanna talk to somebody lol... Anybody
U . S . Fucking A
Been weirdly obsessed w this game for almost 13 years and im finally finding all of the books, tv shows, movies and comics surrounding it??
honestly drunk honestly where is honestly why ever
I think your pride is just in the way
follow my new vine :)
this tab about to come through so heavy
if i see another thirteen year old girl wearing a flower crown and beatles tank im gunna have klubes knock them the fuck out.
Retired from delivering, but then Za called me in a pinch. I am the Claude Lemieux of pizza delivery.
We ride together , we die together , bad boys for life
Silicon Valley stock options and buyers from China, that's what's up.
I don't have a middle. I don't have an in between. I don't have a grey area. I'm either all in or all out. there is no indecisive.
Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night
I think ill stick with water for a little.....
Watching KOTD and is surrounded by more white people than any 1 man could be comfortable around
Perfect Father's Day episode
Way too hot
I wanna go camping again, but I need a lot of bug repellent lol
Always like a half an hour behind in the game
Sunday is gonna be so awesome
Get up off the pavement, brush the dirt up off my psyche
But really though how are people still getting catfished?
Can we take a moment to admire the tactics of Navas in these PKs
Going to work so early 5 days a week should be illegal
Everyone just know everybody in the city OMG
You fuckin fucker scum bag piece of shit i hate you so much
Titus 2:11 The grace of God has appeared that offers salvation to all people.
Happy Independence Day!\nDon't forget some are still bound.\nHelp share the liberty of the revelation of truth and His name is Jesus Christ!
And then in n out after this god bless
2008 make the link with the WorldBoss me start travel first class
Esas ganas de cerrar los ojos y que todo vuelva a ser como era antes.
Why during having sex men make references to having or creating a baby with u? Oh hell no!! This shop is closed!
You had a good girl &amp; didn't even know it .
That goalie had super glue under his feet SAHN
so glad to see Reinhart in Buffalo, a new generation has just started
Anyone wanna let me know when the chem test is tomorrow or are you really gunna make me look it up
where were you when EVERYTHING was falling apart? not here, like you said you would be.
I see lil niggas tryna get some Twitter clout\nbut I aint tryna put ya business out
How many times can my parents go away in a week
Another 3.2 million GM cars recalled. Does GM even know how to make cars anymore?
Tupac Shakur, or as he was affectionately known to his friends, Brenda
never trust anyone that talks to their pet in their normal voice
Is it illegal to skate drunk
Yaoo I just want to shoo!!
I'm sorry for the things I said out of hunger
Me quiero emborrachar de besos y sal.
NEW SEASON NEW THEME without allison or the twins
GUYS GO BLOCK &amp; REPORT BC I WANT THE USERNAME LMFAO
I'm only 19 but I can't wait to have my own little family.
Guys these day just ain't loyal.
Yay rain!! I knew I smelled it earlier tonight :)
Naturally it's cloudy the day I'm able to go to the beach
I'm probably the only person that hates the summer.
\"WHENEVER YOU ATTRIBUTE A HUMAN ATTRIBUTE TO GOD THAT SOME PEOPLE HAVE AND SOME PEOPLE DONT, YOU ARE DOING WRONG!\" -NADIA BOLZ WEBBER
Finally changed my Instagram name to my normal name. I'm graduating high school, I don't have time for dem clown ass Instagram names
i felt fucked up tn. I was laughing weird. and hyper. and honestly really happy.
Another love song gone wrong, shoulda known you were a, whoop, like based god in wonton
Excited for the newest uncharted game!
\"Stop trying to make kvetch happen, Miriam\"- mean girls at Solomon Schecter
And in other news, Spurs play today
\": Nobody should look this fantastic getting off work. *flips hair* *glaze showers everyone around me*\"\n*donuts drop from hair*
lets gooooooooooooo USA
shorty i don't want ya nigga, we was just vibing &amp; having conversation
\"That was one intense episode\" - me after every Gossip Girl episode, even though I've already seen it
Spending the forth of July on the lake with all my family, food and drinks and priceless
The cheers up and down 3rd Ave are deafening right now!
Good thing I'm going to Marie calendars in an hour!
I got bigger and better things
Cuz I'd want to tear that a$$ up every time I'm near you
What a strike!!!! Unbelievable!
Nonton bola yg komentator spanish. *gol* gila ni orang napasnya panjang bener -,-
Why do I watch scary movies while it's dark outside and knowing how paranormally paranoid I get
Idk y my gf uses my slang for wtf
Tell me what you want from me , take a look at what you see , let me know if this right here is something you can have for years
Anybody wanna have a bon fire when I come home ?
I think I'm gonna unfollow oomf I don't want to see his dumbass
Literally nothing is open today but the mall
everytime iget my mind off him ilook at my lock screen n miss him all over again
At a bar and the couple next to me just toasted \"to San Francisco\" who the fuck are these people
Classic greeks in the huddle before pk's throwing holy water and blessing the team
Sup with that explosion i heard last night???
Nick cannon look like he a crackhead from Broadway .
I'm not gonna lie, once in a while I do miss me some acid.
Am I the only one who's calves hurt?
The upside to insomnia? Making serious progress on my reading stack. Just polished off The Goldfinch, onto The Snow Queen.
when will people learn
Im Fucking With My Bro With The Art Work,
this tweet goes on to reddit Russia for favoriting my girl tweet
4-7-2012 dia que o CONQUISTOU as Americas!!!E os \"antis\"literalmente botarao um ovo ao feito Corinthiano.
currently watching the uan live tour bc i can
15 1\/2 today, time to start drivers ed!
I'm barely going to get to watch Teen Wolf since I'm going out for dinner in like 10 minutes....
Let run for the last 15 here. Could see a hero goal out of him in this moment.
Two things I would never get pierced..1) tongue 2) nipples
\"i couldve planted this myself!\"\n \n\"yes but you didnt\"
THEY BE LIKE THERE HE GO!
Great inning by Fulmer. Lets put some more runs on the board!
My job got buy one get one for free on hella shit people dumb as hell for not taking advantage
my mom just did sooooooo right with this money bruh
If I had a dollar EVERYTIME Matt bailed the last month is be a millionaire I swear
Follow your head not your heart.
hate ppl who use other ppl
Finally getting around to checking out . Pretty impressed
You never realize what you have until you lose it
The shame is not about ignoring your freedom right ,, the shame is about not being carious about them at all ,,
I love when say \"Boo Boo Kitty\" it make me laugh all the time.
\"Everytime I try to move on, you're right there.\" - Blair Waldorf to Chuck Bass
Just spent the entire weekend with a porn star and never knew it.
I'm so juiced rn.
Jealous of everyone still in Vegas right now
.Oh, I like that LOL!
all these loud ass Colombians woke me up like its 11am chill the fuck out
Just realized I didn't @ anyone in that tweet lol I meant to
The Fuck His Tattoos At ?!
If America beats Portugal today I think I will cry..
Rick Rubin is doing this interview with no shoes on. GOAT
SHITE\nPEOPLE ARE SKYPING?\nI WANT IN PLEASEEE
Lightning and thunder hell no I don't fuck with that !
I don't give a fuck not a single fuckk
The way you say my name makes me feel like I'm that nigga
I'm watching \"True Life: My Boyfriend's Fed Up With My Weight\". This is ridiculous.
First time leaving my house today, so this is kids getting pathetic
mami me hace arrechar de una!
The smoove tap for another goal these niggas the goat
JONES WHAT A FINISH!!!!!!!!
So like this struggle bus situation needs to chill like....neowwwwww.
grateful to wake up today everything else is just a blessing
Sometimes I screenshot texts just so that I can go back months later and re read them. Aka like I'm doing now
Never gonna be a the same as
I got mcdonalds today and now I feel rejuvenated
And what am I supposed to do
WERE WATCHING CHARLIE &amp; THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY MY FAVORITE MOVIE EVER MADE
Morning after reality\nOur night exceeded fantasy\nFrom the dying embers\nof passion spent\nwe pledge to meet again\n&amp;share our infidelity\n
MADDIE YOU CANT PUT SPARKLES ON SOMETHING AND EXPECT ME NOT TO TOUCH IT!!
Once again HIGH SCHOOL IS A JOKE LOL
I kind if want my mom to reactivate my phone, but then again I don't because I got used to not having a phone.
I don't think you realize how much of an impact you've had on my life
Just remembered some random black girl handed me her invisible mic to sing its gonna be me
Goodmornin ! Were the Sport store at Burlington?
Whatcha know about wearing signed Jordan jerseys
If you don't watch on I hope he slams you thru a table!
I need to be out
None of my bitches can stay over.
Baltimore might not have Central Park or good public transportation but we do have snowballs with marshmallow on them. Get it together NYC
..... American fascism will manifest as white supremacy reasserting itself.
I just used thot in a sentence wtf is wrong with me
I dig the sign 'Seth can't mosh'
Almost 2 am &amp; I started watching Teen Wolf all over again..
\"There's a French fry in my ice cream, and other alcohol beverages\" brought to you by mt anonymous and friends
Can't sleep the night before my hardest regents my life is a joke
Yardwork at aunt kikis in the morning, then carleys grad dinner, then got the free for the weekend, then tat next week. Summer is great.
Bitch caught a body bout a week ago
blonde before Summer ends yes or yes .
A win and now hopefully a Team USA win. That would complete this Sunday Funday.
I wanna work out today but I can only go to the gym in NC -_- someone helpe
HOLD THE STATICK TILL AFTER THIS MOVIE !!
Just saw your episode tonight on 401k and IRA. What are your inputs on Thrift Savings Plan?
gossip girl has set high expectations for my future
My whole body is sore but I'm down to 127 pounds
I'm so fuckin tired of trying to see you when all you do is blow me off.
WHEN ALYSSA GETS CALLED INTO WORK AT 1 I HATE EVERYONE
Great day today. Got my liscence. A 3ds and now teen wolf. Scweeet
I spent a good part of the afternoon getting lost in the Bronx. &amp; I thought my oblivious, white state of mind was apparent enough back in SC
Yooooo true blood has me going into cardiac arrest
\"Bout to go D-Wayde hit em with the..\" Wait huh?
it sucks waking up with no food
But so are Lydia and Allison
You ever put your phone in the wrong pocket and it feels completelt alien to you?
KQED has this fab show about frogs and hard hard they work to take care of their tadpoles
Everyone is pissing me off today...
Hearts and minds and solidarity go out to our Palestinian brothers and sisters currently under brutal Israeli military bombardment
\": If you want a to stay interested you've got to give them your full attention.\" Will do
Do you even know what a shirt is
wanna go wild waters or the island really bad
\"Maybe one day years from now, we'll meet in a coffee shop in a far away city somewhere and we could give it another shot\"
Everyone freaks out when they have to wait a year for a next season of a tv show when I had to wait 7 years for .. 2 years to go!
Sad bcos I still have to finish cleaning my room
Don't ask me if I miss you if I don't hit u up !
Living with old people is really starting to become a struggle
He should have just sang beautiful soul tbh
I wish and would follow me...
I just do not get attached to people.
YESSSS!!! Y entra Costa Ricaaa!!
2 hours of sleep in 48 hours
No matter what you say or what you do
SPREKEN ZE DEUTCHE!!!!!!!!!!
love me or leave me alone
I seem that pull up many times, this is bad
Very respectable performance by in their first ever World Cup appearance 2 1 at the Maracana
That was a great match. Greece held their own.
Holy crmo GDP toast roast what whoa
KISS THE RING
I hate nosey ass people. \n\nBe miserable on your own foh
All I wanna do is get high 24\/7.
Oh dear jesus why did I wear pants today?
I don't own a pair of scissors. is that weird?
Gonna be shlepping this whole bag and a half around NYC for the next 24 hours
I'm glad is okay! My little plairbae
It hurts me inside whenever I see this older fellow working
Huge loss for USA
Fuck I just missed a fucking goal
I was literally on the phone with Sandra for 40 minutes talking about how creepy her house is okay
You love to talk shit don't cha baby? Well I got news for you.... SUCK DICK UGLY FAT RHINO EX OF MINES
The only real relationships you have are not the ones you have to manage or manipulate, but the ones where you can be who you really are.
Trying to finish packing... I guess I should make a list so I don't forget anything
I'm done. Posey killed me. I need to calm down goodbye.
schools over already so im confused as to why there is still drama
time to play \"name things that don't go in the toilet!\"
Ahah you're a fool if you think I don't know what you did
Thankful that has been my life and removing those things which prevent me from seeing and fruit.
so zendaya not doing the aaliyah movie
You had someone who loved you unconditionally, treated you right &amp; wanted to be with you everyday: then you threw that all away.
Tonight IRL: 1) \"I've argued with you about rent control on Twitter.\" 2) \"I love you on Twitter, esp. late night.\"
Heartbreak definitely leads to a great deal of growth I've learned that the hard way
You're welcome America, when I use the ladies room, good things always happen.
50% of 12 Monroe is Twenty One
Thank You to the flutist practicing outside in tonight, quite the nighttime serenade.
I honestly have the shortest temper.
Spend some time away from all these people in your life.. you'll learn a lot about yourself.
That was dirty!!
Whoever is down for some crazy scary shit
wow never letting my brother cook again
Ugh watching that soccer player on Brazil break his back wtf
These women in my town are fucking nuts. You're not good looking. Trust me !
I liked zombie movies before they were a fad.
This having to be here at 6:45 instead of 7 is annoying though
Holy fuck I just realized I'm moving to New York City like right this second.
I'm with J &amp; K on this
I love being an American! Fucking shit up right now!!
Why is everyone so full of shit
Most these nighas jealous
Well cant leave my house so someone comeover
Lol I was just at Donovan's alma mater
holy shit i just balled my eyes out. pocahauntas is such a good movie
Seriously tho this weekend is gonna be wild.
Someone help my slumped ass get some bogies please
Somehow they managed to make TFIOS a really good movie so they better do the same with LFA
My friends are fake af didnt invite me to the lake
A que hora juega Ecuador ?
Carlos called jones scoring a goal and it was a goal!!!!!!
The most insane 8th inning ever in history.
Kk what happens when cat promised me to be first person on bike and I wasn't???? Kill him or naw
Ronaldo...what an idiot. What a LOSER!
People really getting sensitive over the thot page hahahahah
Do it for Jozy. Right when he had ended his scoring drought too
Put the hero in the game!!! Lol
Everyone's priorities are out of place
It's always a game.. Fuck outta here..
Gotta love having zero plans on one of the biggest party days of the year.
I have .42 cents on my debit card lol
Yes, I did buy a $5 poncho in the lot yesterday and was very happy I did so!
just want a little drugs in my system about now.
No actually it's not even close lmfao
someone pls find hq pics from yesterday
starvin marvin ova hereeee
\" which obviously isn't about me \"
Piff and Trust is our Odor
Already back to my old size and even bigger then what I was
Thank God because I swear my dad was going to flip a table if they lost.
I'll play you, one on one, for your heart. &amp;basketball
Seeing with - happy to be back in the Delacorte
I probably say, \"I'm sorry, I don't speak Spanish\" about thirty times a day at work.
thanks to iTunes shawn did a following spree early yass
\": Lady it's okay if you go....they have lemonade over there too lol\" The Lemons come from here too..
AW LOOK AT TYLER ALL ROCKIN IT OUT
dammmmmmm I really got some fake ass friends
Im lowkey convinced that big sean fucked arianna grande
Soo close to getting a piercing but they caught me..
When I'm alone, I think and think and think.
Going to finish off this awesome weekend by sitting by the pool when I get home. I'm exhausted!
let me see you move like you come from colombia
The high line is so consistently A+
I wanna do fun things with my life, I have the same boring routine every damn day.
Your words are useless without actions.
Imagine you was a bug instead of a human.. Stressed
Bridge and Tunnel crowd stay trippin...
I know no one cares but I'm like really sad rn. Ugh I don't wanna read anymore but I must finish
The mythical Clintoris
OMG R U GUYS READY BC I AM SO NOT READY OMG OMG
I just wanna leave nj already!!!!!
He looks happy and that's all I care about T__T
I'm having nightmares from sleeping with the enemy
Have you guy got punch any hole from hole puncher?
I feel like Philly sports teams always have the worst luck or are the worst run teams in sports
When I was 18 I got a neck tattoo because...well, I was an idiot. It's been the gift that keeps on giving ever since.
Lol I legit make Sydney hang w me once I wake up
Happy 4th of July! Thx for making it extra exciting to be from USA this yr!
Why can't I do summer school at home like all the cool cats
beauty on the outside is a reflection of your inner world, your soul..
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
.'s \"A SKY FULL OF STARS\" Is providing me with so much energy and life this cool evening in New York City. Xx
\"If it doesn't move, monogram it\" - ....
New drinking game take a shot everytime I break my charger
Day of reflection and gratitude for life's moments. Happy Fathers Day to my Dad and all the fathers out there
Wade is weakest link right now
both of them get the job done, but when you get older you can see that Ashley's probably requires less energy despite initial visual off-cue
Im not da type of nigga to holla cuz i want so head im da type to holla cuz i want some bread
Certain things you just can't admit
A few days late, but had a great time seeing on Saturday. Thanks for a great show.
233AM \n\nI don't feel as lonely as I once did \nI feel like I complete myself. \nit no longer hurts and that's the best part.
shawn is just to cute to put into words
Ur a pathetic excuse of a brother
The US is gonna rip Portugal a new ass hole tonight
I cant believe some of my closest friends are graduating high school tomorrow. I don't know what I'm gonna do with out them.
Devin needs to get off my twitter
Why do people take soooo long to respond! I mean one minuet were talking then it's like an hour later and still no response....
3 you seem chill and pretty but we don't talk
you can never get the same to what you put out to certain people
Gym life has my sleeping and eating schedule all messed up
This girl have mi head dwag!
JUST realized that Theon Greyjoy is played by Lily Allen's brother
me queda poquito para los 1.900 seguidores :)
And so when, when we all grow old, I hope this song will remind you that I'm not half as bad as what you've been toldddd
Douche quote of the day tho, \"I wear 800 dollar shoes, I don't want to wear out the heels.\"
Woke up at 8am and starting playing tomb raider, pretty good way to start my day
So... I've picked up again
I am so repulsed by anyone who smells like cigarettes. Please don't leave the waft of your nasty habits in the air around me.
Photoshoot done! Lots of fun!
Quote this with a picture of us
I could be the gossip girl of Bushwick if I really wanted to. I see so many of y'all showing out.
Yo bebo alcohol y soy lo mas problematica que viene
So Aj and Hana is that a yes...or nah?
Hair and makeup in the RV en route to different locations. Best shoot to date!
Parker Goin off
Good thing i dont have work today... Long Island bound...?
I'm high AF lol
My mom just referred to me as dude
Now it's supposed to rain on Thursday too.. :'( Fridays supposed to be nice though
I don't have all day I got places to go
KT Joan of Arc Konkani is crazy and needs to be locked up
.documentary is powerful, inspiring - and a fascinating study in strategy.
Tired AF. Just wanna sleep for the rest of the day.
Putting ur all into somebody then getting fucked over.... Is something everyone fears
If Chris Bosh guarantees a win, you know it's gonna happen with the way he can take over a game.
Me Brown is wearing clothes today.
'Stop touchin my butt!' \"Sorry I thought it was your face\"
Why is half of the rfh community in really sick foreign countries this week
Whenever I have a small problem, my moms first question is, \"how is your relationship with god?\"
Really hoping to skip the \"young and dumb\" phase all together.
This was the last time
Also I need to stop making the whole solo riding on the lirr with a Hawaiian personal Pizza Hut pizza in hand a thing, 3x a week is too much
My mom tells me the law about buying cigarettes for underage kids 3 times a week
24 you should definitely hmu, you're cool af we needa hangout soon
Calum is stalking Ross's tweets lmao
I won't be satisfied in life until I find someone remotely close to Tyler posey
I don't see how a devoted boyfriend is any different than a devoted husband, but that's just my opinion though
Got intimidated at conference after party by all the strangers. Fled to bathroom. Bathroom smells like gummi bears. Never leaving.
Sweet! Android software update! 4.3 to 4.3! Wait. What? You're awesome .
Te aplauden por saber esas cosas...
A girls tindr profile I just saw: in a happy relationship with my boyfriend of two years. Send a message id love to talk!
what are the odds Liam is sitting right outside the cold stone me and matthias were in before it was a sign he was supposed to hangout w us
Talvez o voo de Miami pra Bh vai ser cancelado
I have to unpack fml
Glad to know you care sooo much -.-
I got a job at some lady's house on my road. I start tomorrow morning. Wooh hoo!
The only thing I used to look forward to during the day was lunch and I can't have lunch till August
I wish I was watching the game instead of reading it
Can I at least have some peanuts
Amazingly uninspired performance from Argentina. Bosnia deserved a point, if not more.
Will pay any of you beautiful women in chipotle to come give me a back massage
Wtf is today national old people everywhere day. Move bitch, get outta the way!
I've never been one to get petty over things like hair but...
\"You guys come in not sweaty and leave all sweaty\" ...is that not how the gym works? Lmao
Why are these Kermit pictures so funny to me? I just can't stop
This catfish episode makes me happy
Gonna be at this hospital for fucking 4 hours just for a tetanus shot.
Hoping our new puppy can't tell how hungover I am.
That's right Clit Dempsey
First time in my bed since 9:30 this morning holy shit
Ya know if condoms come free so should tampons.This is not my fault and I do not want to spend $10 on something that should be fucking free
Jeana lost and Jessie won but team jeana
This isn't a POOL Portugal!
Band made me hate that damn song
so tired but don't want to sleep for some reason
IM ON 25% ... LIKE, THIS ISNT HAPPENING B
When other people don't get a strike.. That's cuz they don't jig it out
22: wow dude haven't seen you in a while! How are you
All I ever wanted was a million dollars
I put hot sauce on everything.
Clint Mother fucking Dempsey. Who else.
But at the same time, I'm 19. And in college. I'm just trying to have fun.
Hope you have a kick ass day
My name is Murph and these are the magic tones....
Shout out to via for having a delays and no air.
Fucking disgusting how you talk to our mom. Fuck you.
i don't feel good at all.. i need some soup and loooove
my mom just literally beat me down to the ground and smeared spicy mayo all over my face I'm not kidding
You completely shut me out and i have to pretend like i don't care at all.
The Crenshaw mall is the ghettoest mall ever. It's always a mess!
Being up this late every night bored is the worst
Californian campsites are the best campsites
We ain't picture perfect but we worth the picture still.
Dempsey baby!!!!!!!! Go USA!
Don't think my life can get any worse right now.
People say that there for you all the time, only believe the ones who show it cause things aren't always as they seem
. my nickname is monty .
I'm too tired to pack a bowl rn.... wut
It's so weird having someone pump my gas for me now that I'm used to doing it myself
Big Day Today, My first day of MMA Training and later tonight is the season finale of , can't wait to see what happens!
I'm hella just not even paying attention to my show lol I have no idea what's going on
And will you profane Me among My people for handfuls of barley, and for bits of bread, to cause to die the souls that should not die...
I'm pretty sure I'm addicted to pins
This fist pumping grandma is the real MVP
BACK IN SAN DIEGO !!!! :D bitter sweet
Your tires are the things on your car that make contact with the road
The last time I watched 24 it was years ago, and in french
I've been blessed to give 4 great speeches in two weeks including my and talks to nearly 1000 new people
I've learned from some pro's what it means to be cold.
blue is a good color on me.
I want to do something fun tonight!!
Love being sunburnt.....that feeling of the heat in a cool room and cooling off &gt;&gt;
When my phones battery gets to low I start to freak a little.
My obstacles just keep getting tougher
The Green Album goes hard as fxck. I swear to bob tho. Skurtttt
So next week is 4th of July! So take advantage of saving up to $50 on tkts to
Oh yea, this is gonna be a bad week
Of course is wearing a shirt while playing with .
Diddo . Thx for joining us. Looking forward to a trip to the soon!
Neeeed to invest in a body kit
\"Girls are like busses, they'll be another one in ten minutes\" \n\n-my boss
Deux tapette qui cherchent la merde haha
Plus Shane Battier retiring. Easily the best Father's Day ever
Ever think about how weird you are? And for a split second you can figure out if you love it or hate it.
I would be really surprised if I got murdered in Astoria.
GoodNight Mentions Anyone? For A Mention For A (Everybody Is Welcome)(Strangers Are Welcomed)(People Around The World)
So someone remind me if it rains for 3 days and stops Sunday please slap me and call me evil, cause shit like this freaks me out
I have this friend who we'd always talk about how we're gonna die single and it'll be okay cuz we'll die single together
Legend tells that if you drink from the Boston harbor you can still taste the tea.
I rarely eat and I don't sleep. Story of my life
Im watching soccer? \nThis isnt your average everyday boredom this is ... Advanced boredom
Damn I be really feeling for these ppl that get hurt!!
I double hate parking authority people . Like why would you ever want a job where EVERYONE HATES YOU.
It sucks I'll never understand how to help people cope with depression.
I'm a pro at cuddling platonically.
I don't even remember sleeping how did I get back there????????
This friday -4PM its my Bench Warmers Live Show w\/my cohost &amp; our guest &amp; new member !!
I need a fake id
Joe Carney this is your 645 wake up call. Let's skate duuude
my sister is really ratchet, hate it tbh
I don't really miss people , i think i just be missing the moments because after a couple days of texting i get annoyed
want food but don't wanna cook
Damn. Daddy is gonna be so pissed. Eeeeeks!
Today I traded in my 'everything but the kitchen sink' handbag for a fanny pack. Feels like I traded in a machine gun for a water pistol.
wtf everyone in the KouKou Tekken verse looks cool as fuck, they all dress fly and have sweet character designs
I know that if I stop when biking over the Williamsburg bridge everyone will judge me. Because of this I never stop.
okay can I major in being upset lmao
someone help me hack into account so I can get the username lmao
Goal so sick he stayed frozen
I really want to go swimming or something
I don't always get sea sick, but when I do, it's in the back of a NYC taxi.
Forever wishing I was at least half as pretty as
It makes me happy that gabby and I are perfectly fine with laying down listening to throwbacks not talking at all
LETS FUCKING GOOOO COSTA RICAAA!!! I love my country !! WHERE MY COSTA RICANS AT!!!!
Lawd!! Now I'm craving iced tea, a hamburger, a turkey hotdog w\/ BBQ sauce, onions, &amp; relish, some coleslaw, corn on the cob &amp; baked beans.
the Les Cousins Dangereux theme music is absolutely prime
Alcohol &amp; How I Met Your Mother
The wonderful lottery that is penalty kicks.
Pisses me off like bitch you like what you starin at
Chris davis go swim in a shark invested pool
I hate teen wolf and anything or anyone related to it but I'll be watching because
Hate how when my cousins come over they always take their time , nigga im in a rush
Back to back for Johnson and Gardner....
I think Cassadee is mad at me hahahahaha
If my sister don't hurry her ass up imma go back to sleep
Why do I still get mad, I shouldn't be
Hmmm I gotta think about what I'm gonna say.
It musf say jackass on my forehead son
imagina q louco uma invasao alienigena e um apocalipse zumbi juntos nossa eu ia chora
is it possible to order self-confidence on Amazon &amp; do the one day shipping option so it'll get here by tomorrow bc I kinda need some
my mom is so judgmental it bothers me so much sometimes
Put in Brooks
DIAWWWWWW what a beautiful three
I just want along shower and sleep I enjoyed the game, but I'm over today. I'm actually starting to miss LA.
Death note you get killed with these writtens
Ain't nobody tryna be cute, we just tryna get fucked up.
Car mobile integration ideas Google is doing now, I helped them come up with these ideas, about 10 years ago are now coming w\/ Android Auto.
Zendaya look cute idk what y'all talkin bout
camino en un desierto cuando tu te vas...
\": I miss the old Justine, the one who would slumber with us all the time and help you torture me\"
Let me watch these penalty kicks and then go shower
On my way to LA drinking a 40 so it's gonna be that kind of night.
I feel like a new person with my eyebrows done
After beyonce got too big of a star for the BET awards. It was nothing to look forward 2.
I think Hold My Liquor &amp; Guilt Trip are the best songs on Yeezus
Is there another plane missing? Just got back from the ER. No idea what's going on -too much going on in my own life
Can't wait to see my good friends tonight! Looking forward to their new material.
sure 12\/12 can follow you but the real question is \n\ndoes 6\/6 follow you?
I'm so mad I can't even cool down from this
Playing phone tap and shit
I want to experience a movie-like food fight
I'm running on 2 hours of sleep, that's some real shit
all of my friends went to bed :(
1999 adaptation of Alice in wonderland is so trippy
There are so many shins here right now
\"WHAT IS CALCUTTA CMON JENNIFER!!\"
\": Neymar for Golden Boot eh nuh.\"but RVP look like him hungry for it
Ab soul and Action Bronson too?!
Told this cock eyed chick if she was a member of slaughterhouse she'd he crooked I.
.hahaha! OK, kids, I gotta run some errands. Enjoy the rest of the night!
you keep on building the lies that you make up for all that you lack.
Quesi tu sigues picao , mi culpa no es chato.
I Never Knew Taye Diggs Was Married To Idina Menzel !
Ran into spencer. He ran into Nat. Now I got plans (: I miss them so much!
Skin so crispy that it cut my lip
Is it me or does Justin Upton have a ?
My cleat got stuck in my laces, and I fell and dropped my apricot
I missed New Jersey a lot lmao. The people in Massachusetts were weird and some were VERY racist. I don't fuck with that.
Wow, r.i.p.Booby Womack. An underrated soul music legend
&amp; the unfortunate thing is no one cares.. no one ever cares.
Tbh I like the fact that one of my best friends is a lesbian. I know 100% she won't talk to any of my ex boyfriends
PRAISE JEEBUS these World Cup guys are 2 hot 2 handle
Nakakatuwa naman yung mga batang kalye dito malapit sa amin. Imbis na mag-DoTA ayun nakiki-loom bands.
USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I just got a boner!!!!!!!!!!!
My best ideas come to me when I'm spray painting.
If there was a way to die for a day and come back, i would do it just to see
2 niggas in the front 2 niggas in the back dats 4 niggas riding strapped in grandpas Cadillac!
They got this old ass show on tv
\"Please eat some vegetables &amp; take some vitamins &amp; go to sleep now\" - dad
I can't really tell if I'm bored or hungry.
Said I was leaving my boys at 12 but his bed is too comfy...here I am at 1:38 at home trying to do my essay due in a few hours the struggle
I haven't been this unhappy in so long.
Looks like the HVAC work in my office turned the heat on... Hello sauna
By spending this money does the man\/woman posses the opposite of each trait you don't buy? If that's the case shit stupid.
This heat got my hair all types of frizzy
My biggest weakness is having my back scratched
Rooted celebration tonight! I survived the 9 weeks with these ladies from !
So curious as to how much you talk to her &amp; how you think you're being a friend to us both....
People who drive with headphones in are CREEPY AF
Men provide for their families. Boys provide for themselves
Sonia's choreography gives me life, I need to meet her &amp; dance her stuff!
What did the tick say to the clock? Answer: what are you tocking about.
how do people have lots of followers on tumblr my blog is smack as fuck and i have like 17 followers
If you care about me, fucking act like it\"
Yo no se usted compatriota, pero yo estoy que me muerdo una de la ansiedad.
Idt ill ever understand how a person could like the beach
\": I haven't felt pretty since before prom. \nSelf esteem has been at an all time low.\" You always look stunning.
Why the coach look so angry
Don't talk that shit on social networks then text my phone talking some other shit.
To all of my brothers and sisters in Islam (outside of the U.S) May Allah accept your fast and safeguard you always.
Who deserves MVP
celebrate the 4th of July with a heaping vat of forefather cum (available at Costco)
I live in la la land 99% of the time
why the fuck would i be paying in paraguayan guarani
One week until Palm Springs! Crossing another Cali city off the !
When I'm on my period I feel pregnant wtf.
that's a great at bat Sanchez
Homo thugs ARE real...Real as fuck
We found a dog at my work.. N it's foreal on crack..
Had the best dream ever too bad it was a dream *sigh*
Sometimes I read my own tweets and wish I could retweet them cause they're so great lol
Just my luck to realize I left my wallet at work 2 and a half hours before my flight. Fml.
Say no to games and yes to God
Why tf is the justice league in the crowd....
There is a screaming animal outside of my window idek what can make such a sound
honestly this past week in Vegas was fun, I'd do all over again but maybe a little different .
...\" THERE IS SOMETHING GOOD ABOUT YEMEN \" MY HONEY$ .....
I'm really gonna miss the fruit stands in Cali when I leave for college in the fall.
Grow tf up! Like you seriously had nothing better to do?!
I can already tell I'm going to be obsessed with this botched plastic surgery show
That was fucking crazy lol
Good luck to any one who takes chem it must suck
Does anyone know if there will be a mk9 side tournament at Evo? Would love to enter
I twatched cupcake for the 1st time today lol
When you got something good , hold on
If you don't care why should I ?
I doubt too much on people
Smoking a cigar on a swing set, it's my birthday
I found a bag of spring rolls in the fridge so I'm eating them in bed rn if anyone wanted to know how I was doing
The Spurs wanted it more
Morning...70ish degrees...road is wet with a light drizze...Pandora on spot equals great bike ride
Shopping online is my guilty pleasure
Since I bought an iPod classic and put my entire library on it, I've been listening to songs I haven't heard in years
\"are you guys gonna be respectful and all good?\"\nme- uhh are you gonna be respectful?
They can say \"jack ass\" on Nickelodeon now?!?
I like it when Matt and I have mini bitch sessions late at night.
Why hasn't Donna texted back did she die
I love listening to polish rap music even though I don't understand a word of polish.
Wanna go to Disneyland again at the end of July
Popovers still coaching
Freddy got a 100 on the trig regents who wants to join me in puncturing his internal organs
Lmao I could stay home ..... Y'all can go out to eat without me like I have oven ready wings in the fridge
TONY PARKER HAS ENTERED THE GAME
Do u ever just get annoyed with ur bf so u unfollow him on twitter bc I do
My new profile picture is me exhausted right after getting off a flight. Aka, my normal state... always... forever... until I die.
You promised to show up today but why am I still waiting for you?
I, I never wanted you to understand.
Having a tv remote on your phone changes the whole game for lazy people
A nine in the Midwest is a Californian 4.
Anyone trying to kick it? Not trying to call it a night early
An honest thought that crossed my mind while driving to breakfast: I wish I had transition lenses right now
I WANNA HEAR YOU RN
When dogs stare at me, it makes me feel sexy.
Messi is so filthy...2-0 Argentina.
Since the heat lost tonight now everybody can go back to their teams that will never make it to a finals
I just changed my settings so that I get no more twitter emails YAS
he trynna be cute for the hoes at kings dominion he bouttttta get .
Walking the streets of Times Square alone looking for a Starbucks. Smart? Probs not
So apparently Obama ate at \"chipotle's\" and reached over the sneeze guard
Tried spelling beautiful and my phone autocorrected to 'bbw autistic'.
don't wait to reach back. like things now.
I hope Pharell doesn't perform happy...
WOW...I can't breathe...AMAZING. USA!
JONES OH MY GOD I CANT BREATH
2\/2 And, as promised, the best is yet to come!
actually just had a heart attack FUCK
The movie hasn't even started yet and I'm already freaking out
If Brazil and France advance my day is set
started w a dollar and a dream .
brothers taking my car to Texas for a week so I have to drive his car and it's stick..I can barley drive stick so this should be interesting
US-Germany and the Draft, I'm so excited I can't sleep
I say yes to plans before even telling my mom lmao
At my brothers hs graduation &amp; the speaker just said \"believe in fairytales &amp; magic.\" &amp; all i think of is Once Upon A Time :)
Bout to go in on someone's mom
to think of how ashamed i am rn
Why do 80% of old people smell the same
I love when niggas say nobody likes you, like lmfao better that way than have fake niggas
If sad that BET has to deal with August Alsina's cocky ass bc they have no one else
There is a reason why I barely have any Indian friends.
More like conquer-caf, am I rite
really need a new avi lol
I just wanna sleep, sleep, sleep!
When's Machado going to serve his suspension?
I'm so glad I had the same math teacher all 4 years of high school we have such a good relationship
dorm next to mine arguing whether a TI-83 or a TI-84 is a better calculator....
Me: does my butt look lumpy \nGreg: no it looks like I could grab a cheek \n\nGay boys love the booty
I go to school cause im forced to. lol
He didnt even move..
I don't need anyone in order to succeed..
Extremely proud that I got dried blood out of seersucker
Lmfao nene I just noticed your shirt
The world cup just made Mexico\/Southern California a giant happy riot
I love cock
hot dog themed blogs only this weekend pls. for independence. its the Bloggers Code
Who calling in sick tomorrow?!?!\nUSA v Germany. Kick off at 12. Doors open at 11.30.
so stoned i messed up the lyrics omg
Girl you know if we talkin bout sex you know I'm the best ... Cuz I'm F***kn you tonight
I hope we have a lot of comps with ucf bc i want to see mikayla and natnat compete
I wonder if schumor will be at graduation. Did he go for the girl?
Asking everybody for gas money if they want a ride. Lol
Is it weird that I like looking at real estate in different states when I get bored? Yeah, I think it's a little weird.
And I told adriena if she went upstairs she can't get any.
My mom was like man everyone is busy watching the fight... Haha wtf soccer and fight don't compare.-____-t
And at 437pm on 6\/23 I 100%'d and got 25th platinum trophy. Congrats and great game to team. I'm ready for what's next!
this ref be like, no diving.
I wish I didn't need to flex this a no flex zone
Loss of signal at the border. See you tonight Tweeps.
Niggas act like Pac was wack. He invented certain flows that niggas wasn't up on at the time if you really listen
WTF AGAIN WHY DID IT GO DOWN STOP
Chipotle, Taco Bell and Dunkin Donuts need to exist everywhere in England.
My goal is to find a girl like Rachel Zane
\": really tho. so thankful for everyone in my life&lt;33\" &lt;3
I went out to eat overdressed and the restaurant offered me a job. I start tomorrow.
Can't wait to go to the Beach
Should I Take Fool Out To Dinner For His Birthday Or Nah?
Gym at 4:30??
\"There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for.\" YESSSS SAM GAMGEE.
If you don't like anything on my social media unfollow me on EVERY fuckin thing you follow me on .
I feel like a champ using my ID and it working
My iPhone orders food on . What's yours do? Just ordered some good old Italian food, courtesy of my roommate!! ^_^
Hmmmmm Beach friday?
I feel like someone is squeezing on too my uterus and stabbing me in the back. Bruuuh ima die
The transformers movie is fucking bad ass
Some girl I thought was my \"friend\" is trying to get with my ex. I'm not upset because of him I'm upset because I really trusted this girl.
Thanks! (Oops, I hadn't scrolled over to see more templates!) so much good stuff on your site
I think I have a heart because it hurts with how much love I have for Matt and Collin
Like I asked him to draw me a cat and he drew a dick three times
Never rooted for the Spurs like this before
Good for you Erica Im so proud of you you are such a woman after Scrappy deff gets my respect
I changed my mind. Farmer Chris is precious
My phone just autocorrected F to ZF...FUCK
It's kinda cool how you can turn up the volume on the right song and it feels like everything just gets quieter.
When ya gonna b home I need my crutches eventually lol
Alexi lalas was ugly as shit in the 90s
I'm gonna have a pretty eventful week coming up.
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
oh ok now I literally have no one
Wow I can't wait for the fireworks tonight that are going to be so different from all the other fireworks ever, nope just kidding.
A bit gutted at the ending of that final table, but at least I can watch baseball
02:30PM UTC Flood&gt;-Evnt 2 miles NNW of EAST HAMPTON, NY-localized flooding around town, with road closure at Stephan Hands Path &amp; Rt 114.
My mom always feeding me and taking care of me, I love her.
If your laughing at Lebron for crying after a Finals loss then you probably never played a sport in your life.
I think some guys like when a female curse they ass out.
Don't be namin ya foo foo lame weed after some fire shit, shit ain't coo mannn
let's go for coffee when i go back or?
Howard is 35 and still such an amazing goalie
Looking for an investigative reporter job? Come see me booth at til 5 pm. I have an opening.
If I didn't take off next Thursday I would def call out today
A girl can have a guy as her bitch as long she's giving him pussy
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh goalllllll!!!!!!!! 2-1
Little Women of LA is my guilty pleasure shh
KRHV 260447Z 34008KT 10SM BKN180 19\/14 A2998 RMK LAST
And then bleach it bc my dream of blonde hair for a lil
Worst summer of my LIFE =( Im so upset I just wanna go back to college =(
I got the best Nicki Minaj reactions hands down
Cesar and Taylor didn't want it in volleyball
Funny people have been trying to keep us apart since the first day we met but now there's no way to separate us.
I needa stop playing and get on my football shit
Remember video of those hundreds of al Qaeda insurgents on a hilltop at a Funeral we could have wiped them out Obama sat with THUMB UP ASS
No plans for Friday night just means I get a nice workout at the gym. Ain't mad about it
i love you i love you i love you
Nuh Roach Dat?
I wish there was a timer on the tv that just turned down the volume for u instead of turning the tv all the way off
Omg. I missed more than half of teen wolf. -_-
GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL !!!!! USAAA
We are better off as friends . Maybe not even friends .
I'm always afraid to flush the toilet around this time of day.
People love to get me tight I swear .
YOURE FAT THATS WHY YOUR ASS IS CHUNKY
basically just wiped out walking downstairs ...
Happy birthday zach your. A thot
This little verse will get ya naked
Love driving with alll the windows down so all the trash flies out
\"I'm the one who asks 'who's there?'\"
Like both Germany and France, this is gonna be a great game
now accepting ft calls from anyone i swear save me from being bored
Crushin dis six pack solo on a lit block on a stoop in LES. But Germ ain't here. Sadlife. 4 Him lol
Am I as cool as McLovin yet?
They always said u womt ever see ur friends after highschool I just didnt think all but 4 would disapear in a years time
I've gotta say, I'm so glad the M's went back to their aqua-marine uniforms. Those were always my favorite uniforms growing up.
You done tweetin pics of your ass yet..?
Keep a u f*k it!!!!!!
I walk in and my wife is sitting on the bed playing Mario Kart 8 in her underwear using the WiiU gamepad (TV is off). purchase justified.
Hit lil mamma with the switch a roo now she ride me like a rodeo
I wish Alexi Lalas would stop talking. Forever.
I love babies I need a god child till I'm ready for my own '
Can't wait to see my sissssss
Heather sucks at responding to text messages
This isn't fair...
Nothing's creepier than when someone uses the word moist sexually
Needa go on private for a while
You text me calling me a scumbag then ask why I hate you.... Oh. Okay.
Hurricane Arthur approaching the coasts of New York . ALLAH khair karay!
Can someone just get me drunk already
Sonnnn que hambre y nada abierto a eta horaaaaa
Goalie was caught slipping!!
Pace university is hands on and goes beyond theory
\"Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.\"
Missed two love and hip hop episodes wtf
HEAVAT NUMBER 3. LETS GET TO NUMBER 1
think I'll have a black and mild...
sneezing loudly in a quiet house is a life-altering experience
BREAKING: Sources confirm the Buffalo Sabres are shopping Tyler Myers for a bag of dog food. More to follow.
This is why I can't sleep with any piece of clothing on way to Effing hot
She mite have had a slight little lazy eye
!!! EXPLORATION OF SPACE !!! !!!
This is it. Do or die!
Bullshit that S6 only has 13 fuxkin eps
Call you job tell em you wont make it
sometimes i just cant imagine what goes through your head
Legalizen la yerba y que un doctor me la recete
Finally cut the flow today and I highly recommend Groom Barber Shop in Center City. First professional haircut in over 3 years, I'm ecstatic
This vocab test tomorrow is going to be quite swell wouldn't you say ?
La jugada enorme gigantesca al rinconcito papa, la pulga Messi!
See I should be angry about having to take the chem regents on my birthday but it actually just makes me care so much less
Fuck that hit me way too hard
I really don't want Shaqiri to go to Liverpool, I'd have to hate him then.
Sometimes I feel like getting in a car and doing heavy drugs , forget life &amp; go with the motion and drifts of life for a bit.
SoMo might be my new favorite artist
USA! USA! USA!\n\nWe'll be watching the USA vs Germany game at Thumbtack HQ at 9am. \n\nJoin for soccer and breakfast!
I wish people would get that out of their head
But jack swagger isn't even hot?
060: tbn, ill eat yo shit from the back if you as clean as you look lmao
I bet nobody would believe a girl like her if she said she cut herself.
I never get out smarted, I'm a tad upset.
One faithful female is worth more than a thousand hoes .
With a broken nose!
He always come back home cause I'm his backbone
Get the fuck out my face -
I never know what to expect...and I like it.
we had to do conditioning today for messing around and I really wanted to say \"can you be nice\" but didn't want 2 get kicked out of practice
Kay I don't like this lady
Safe to say I learned a whole years worth of chemistry in an afternoon and will still fail this regents
Rich kid but he act like a gentlemen
Two more hours I can do this..
\"Have you ever spooned anyone before?\" HAHAHAHAHAHA \"do you know what spooning is\" HAHAHAHAH ok you 6 year old ok enough
Just listened to the whole thing and I regret doing it hahaha
Not his day
Why does my mouth decide to hurt when I'm trying to go to bed -_-
Amanda's bed is like a cloud
I smoke and drinkkkk but I don't pop pills
Pass out at 3, wake up at 10, go out to eat than do it again
This dude leach is having a bowl of honey nut Cheerios at 2:30 in the morning haha
Someone smells of coco butter and it ain't bizus
We're just not meant to be back with each other
guys I'm gonna have the Cersei Lannister Funko Pop figure I'm abOUT TO HAVE A MOMENT OF PURE HAPPINESS HERE
I still say Yanks are at a disadvantage, as Joe never goes by who's playing well, all the Yank power is in the minors! Our big league guys??
BACK TO BACK HR!! Gardy makes it 4-0
Can't wait for everyone to come into late night reeking like pot so I can inhale and close my eyes and pretend I'm smoking.
Family receipe my ass Harry more like cook and mine or mother
I don't even know how to study
Can Robin Thicke be any sexier
Everyones waking up and I'm going to bed
Why is it called the 76 diner if it was established in 1973... I've always been curious
Um tomorrow is tuesday n they still havent said anything
My ear hurts.\n\nYour voice will make it better\n
\": You were a freshman last week don't talk like you're big now\"
Finds the back of the nett. THE EQUALIZER!!!
No I'm gay but lets be precise, cause if she pretty watch it cause imma be fucking ya wife.
he takes off her dress now
Sometimes you gotta go through the worst to receive the best
If Iggy Azalea was ugly none of ya'll would fck w her
I WILL MURDER YOUR CHILD IF SHE DOESNT SHUT UP I SWEAR!!!!!!!!
HK I should of went to sleep already.
I feel like time won't help this time. Might just have to say fuck it
If you're reading this your awesome
Driving to new York is hell
Broccoli was so cute when he was a puppy even though he would shit everywhere
New champs, lets go Spurs
Most kids are so ungrateful now it seems like
I talk way more than I actually should
a hurricane is coming yet the beach is open, how does that make sense?
my dumb 2010-2012 post on fb never end :((
Lets work ! jamming the hits. The get down is on
Bringing out the overalls to support Merica
It's too early for telling &amp; complaining
Who took lynskeys final!?
'You dont know what kind of nipples i got. Get out of here' -
I love mine and jakes talks because we can act crazy and then have a serious conversation
fighting for peoples attention is no way to live your life...
I have too much mood swings how did I just wake up from a nap depressed
I spent so much money today
apologizing in advance to everyone today because my snapchat story is going to be EXTREMELY long today:)
Sip the Chris and get pissy-pissy, flow infinitely like the memory of my nxgga Biggie. BABY.
Words of the night I heard: \"ladies need to stop telling their man what they're doing wrong, and start telling them what they're doing right
The real mvp in todays basketball match hope you feel better bro
should i get supernatural boys signature tmrw??? ;);)
Love that is pretty much on my time zone. Not loving that I will be busy traveling during the weekday games
Aww bae is worried about me
10 more days till my next show! I'm so excited!
Let it come down on me
Aton se enojo y Gol de Los suyos!
Will always amaze me how far these goal kicks go
I don't mind Cena as champ. Take that how you want it.
You Know It's Real When You're Who You think You're .
Lol pretty good start for USA
Life hack: to stay cool all day, cut open 8.5 unfrozen icepacks, drink the contents, and then stand in Costco's giant freezer for 30 minutes
\": Kayleen come cuddle with me I need your love like ASAP!!!!\" Shhhh I'm sleep
fuck my room is hella hot
You do good, they want great,no matter what you give they still want to take
I don't give a fuck. I'm proud to be Sicilian.
I'm so bad at being there for people
Peanut live 215 vines got me weak
I need a chicken madness right now and idk what to do
the struggle of trying to make both my cats sleep with me is too real
You guys don't hear me when I say Kate is too real!!!!!
Someone get high with me and watch the entire first season of spongebob with me. Like please
I LOST YHE SPIDER AGAIN ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME I LOOKED AWAY FOR A MINUTE NOW ITS GONE
So thankful to have gotten out of work early to make this dinner
My sister got me feeling some type of way of the song she's playing....
i love you - chris brown \/o\/
if I was famous i would interact with my fans so much like what the fuck
Words to live by:\n\nB a l l\n i s \n l i f e .
You are not born a winner. You are not born a loser. You are born a chooser.
