I don't have time for any of this
JUST FUCKING WAIT! WAIT!!!!
Don't fucking doubt my country bro don't do it
Too damn raw ain't no nigga worth her holding
Made a huge mistake by letting you back into my life*
The past is in the past
Today,was a great work day! So proud of my students,who did a great job at this years talent show...
Everyone is always crying over something that isn't worth bitching about
Marks kids were so well behaved &amp; well dressed. Props to him &amp; his beautiful wife for raising such a respectful family.
This game was superrrr intense . I luv it
Don't consider yourself a classy female if your curse all the time smoke fight wearing Thot outfits and always broke
Brandon's mad at me for not getting food with him at 711 right now
Don't have to watch the game; just have to listen to the crowds in my neighborhood.
\": hoping for the best but expecting the worst\"the motto
Oh god my moms cousin bad two Great Danes and now I HAVE TO HAVE TWO GREAT DANES
Buy me a tortilla maker so I know it's real
Immediately I clock in I stop using my phone
Really don't feel like going home
It's a damn shame that the Arabs won't let us out of class for the 4th
i just saw a 'pray for rain' sign ok
Aw bruh, dj ark anghell is real af :-(
Follow .to keep up with news about our work.
The faces on the tv are hilarious
My grandma made me close the windows now I'm dying someone save me
That white just won all points.
I really don't want to go to work
You don't love me, you just say that shit to get to me
And get booed while everybody cheered her and she CHEATED he WANTS the kid to be his so he can take care of her but black ppl don't care
Let's get some fuckin gum goin tonight, boys.
Karrueche Tran is doing terrible at this
fuck laney kys laney
John just fell back asleep with his fist punching my back...
I just want a puppy SO BAD UGH not fair
Can you please help me find my friend I'll give you anything you need x10
little sis going off on dad rn for killing her summer cx
I wanna move to Vegas, this shit's a wrap
Dempsey is a G!!!
Of course my iPhone charger breaks again..
Whos goin to that wh beach party?
I'll be preparing for another day of doing nothing by myself
American eagle is the best shop going..
sometimes I can't believe that this is the place my mom chose to move out of everywhere in the united states. like why watsonville.
Dont fuck with my love
As the ancient Hawaiians used to say, the coconut is always sweetest from the tree you can not reach.
Heats missing every shot lmao
I don't think I've been asleep once at this hour since this summer started
Amanda is surrounded my 10 donkeys
I play around and call my niggas a bitch all the time but for females its different if you get crazy for no reason I'm call you a bitch
Great first day of retreat with &amp; his students. Honored to speak. Glad r with me
My aunts crying again I'm against this entire thing but whenever I say something I get told to stfu so
feels so good to live a salt life
Already booking another trip just because I feel like it :)
Idk what I would do without diet peach snapple in my life.
i spilled an iced coffee all over my bathroom floor trying to multitask (shower &amp; caffeinate) can't win
Im constantly changing my screensaver on my phone as well as my phone cases
Why would you wear a nice dress and than nike running shoes to a Yankee game
Tim Howard is a machine
Lemme get my life together, shower, than head to check up on my godfather
Things I wish I hadn't shipped today - lights. Glasses to drink out of. A fork. A plate.
I really want to travel the world with a few friends.
Met my Arabic cousin today in front of the museum
When ur dad turns off the wifi and u hav to use ur date rt if I crie evry tym.
If the US wins the World Cup i will cry for 2 years
I stay getting subbed by like k.
I hate myself rn I LOVEEEEE. cream and my body tells me that I'm slightly lactose intolerant
Looking forward to more video production project.....this summer will be new experiences in creating visuals for my clients
Sleep No More was actually the craziest experience of my life
My problem is I care to much
Nothin worse than anxiety at a bad time
Just gotta' lob life a Hail Mary sometimes. Either it's a big time score, or a crushing pick - but sometimes the risk is worth it.
Bis bald Amerika! Deutschland, hier komm ich!
Cmon Chris young take one for the team
The dropout is famous in the hood :')
Soo much Shit went down yesterday. .ha
Why can't I cry money instead of tears
I've got fuckin tears in my eyes shit that was beautiful
And that would be the second time in the past two months I've had to wake up to drive my dad to the airport so he can go to Vegas
I fucking hate that feeling.
Long day but that money was too easy!
Lizzy Caplan slays me.
Really hope my plans for the weekend work out
Me walking? Over there? hahahaa No.
I'm on my way to Roulette to play tribute to Stephanie Stone, with myriad musicians. Thanks to Shelley Hirsch and Steve Dalachinsky for this
Any Xbox one online associations?
Hail it for the king now. Roger Federer!!
I'm grateful for the warm weather and all the sunshine!
Why do I suck at everything lmao
Apparently I sneeze like a kitten lol.
Pretty pumped to be reunited with some of the fuck boys later this week
I think I'm getting a GS5 tomorrow
Larry David gotta give us another Curb Your enthusiasm*
Good thing I took a shower right after I got home cause I don't think I can get up again
Still unsure of what we'll become.
I feel like an idiot
Me perdi locamente en su mirada tanto que llego al fondo de mi corazon ..
I want to throw paint on people. Is that illegal
Very cool to see Charlotte Hounds on Sports Center Top 10!
We don't wanna fucking win wow
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
.playoff with &amp; OR penalty shoot out?????? AAAARRRGGGHHHH! &amp;
Lets go bosnia one more
Why aint Mr. Brown wearing some weird shit
\"yeaa im bout to check my boy\" black people are so funny wtf does that mean
I could really use a leg massage by a little slut who goes by the name but god forbid
Drove fine &amp; my mother said \"let's practice another day\" and made me pull over to the side of the ride like 10 minutes into the ride like??
A NBA Finals without LeBron. What is that? Haha
They way I puts it down !! Girl nobody do you like I can !!
If the heat don't win it's so slowwwww
This Bachelorette date is so painful. So so so painful. This poor, poor man.
EDM music makes me feel like i am in a gay club.
Goodness gracious this game is insane
so far this World Cup has been boring.
My face is going to get so ugly this summer
Second time through the lineup the punchless Padres hang three on Cain.
It's gonna a staticy this summerrr
I wish was still a thing
is it bad that I'm tweeting so I can see where I am
*waves America student visa in the air*
I shouldn't be overthinking right now but I can't help it
gonna bury my roommate and drew in the same grave because I hate them both gravestone will read \"I hate them both\"
that might be because I'm heartless though
I have no plans for today
I think I'm going to get back into skateboarding.
I\"m always giving 200% , so I need someone that gives the same percentage.
Hecharle chocolate en la cara a brayan y luego lamersela&gt;&gt;
Hate that I don't get reception at work
Spent 50 cash at the movie theaters once.....last time I took a girl to the movies ever
Hope they don't ever dress anybody else EVER again.
remember when niggas who had eddies in the line up got flamed when we was kids?
I'm tryin to make happen
just wanna tomorrow night so i can pick up my car!
: 2nd alarm fire reported at the National Accelerator Laboratory in Menlo Park.
I brushed my teeth but I want food so I'm lost
Fuck. Ghana isn't fucking around.
What I leaned this week ' how to mute stupid as tweeters ' call **** and ask for Thunder for some lessons
\"Maybe this summer I'll finally become hot.\"-What I tell myself every summer
Ofc the train is running late! Still getting iced cof idgaf
Throw Lzzz that's how we bang
Todo es cambiante, todo es fluyente, algunas cosas se conservan, pero no todo dura para siempre.
Spurs moving this ball like it's a volleyball
The common donut just followed me ..
\": STOP UNFOLLOWING ME.\"but ur too awesome to be unfollowed
omg you guys I don't want to jinx anything but Timmy hasn't allowed a hit yet
I go so burnt today that I think I'm gonna stay out of the sun for the rest of the week
So shot. Hope today just flys by
I love you north korea my favorite country
He look like Tyron in the face
When a girl calls me Trill I know that she's real.
Officially addicted to
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches -
Camino a Queensx de alla no salgo
He googled this date in allentown ... How freakin cute is that?!
I live my life to the limit and i love it
I need to stop drinking so much dr pepper
I wish Italy was still in the World Cup mannnn
Heading to the hospital in a bit
These two weeks are going to go by so slow
Funny tumblr post night for the swaggy maggie. Expect a spam of weird Panic! At The Disco or Fall Out Boy posts
or a protein style burger from in n out
I love william
Anybody wanna come drive lambos and ferraris on a racetrack with me??!!!
I'm actually okay with having a friend with benefits
there we go!!!
i like to eat green poop
It's crazy how one thing could bring back so many memories
is it bad that my very first question when i start talking to a guy is \"how tall are you\"
Just passed by the \"safety rules\" for this place. Nothing there about tripods or camera equipment. Dicks!
\"The more things change, the more they stay the same.\"
I feel like we could all learn an important lesson from the Care Bears
Niggas see me smokin and randomly just give me a casual hello
Bug Hall kna what I'm sayin
These accounts keep following but I ain't follow back. Tell these followers I'll be back on IG.
Time to binge eat and think about how sad I am
To go to the Beach or nah ?
Yea fuck twitter let me know when carnival here
Dios quiera que se vuelva a hacer un otro Mundial en Argentina
All my family insecure and rude as hell
They also happen to hurt you less
Credit unions: Big week for with launch of CommunityBeacon for CUs
Me and my friend went to hide to try to play manhunt and we told our friends to come find us but they just sat in their house ok
I swear Kevin hart is not funny
Day 1 in New York: keep getting harassed by Elmo and Minney Mouse.
Just give me a reason, just a lil bit's enough.
\": gettin slizzzaaaard\" south jersey coleman's are working on that all 4 of us
if only I could tell you how I really feel
HOLY SHIT MANU
CLINT FRICKING DEMPSEY!!!
I need a boy that loves the earth, eating healthy, dresses well, listens to my music, makes me laugh tell me that's not realistic!
Jones is that nigga
Dempsey is so classic
How did Manu dunk that
It's a bad name, but someone had to give it to him.
Dude I want new cleats.
i need good new stores to shop at
I went to Erykah Badu house... She made tea for me
I told to sing \"change your mind\" if he does it's dedicated to you lol
I like wearing my members jacket indoors. Its so comfortable and warm
Evey time I see Portugal score that goal with ten seconds left I shed a tear
You only live once but you live everyday
winter I am ready for u
WTF? Twerking out the window ? Althea is cray .
U.S. scored in under a minute
Oh man I'm getting too old for turning up
My boobs are like really humongous lol I remember when I use to be hella flat chested
I need a box of otter pops cause one ain't gonna do shit!!!
So hungry but I don't wanna go upstairs for food
Kyle is giving German advice? So many things wrong with it.
Haha that moment you realize that your second channel that you don't tweet about has more views.
I have not paid much attention to the Hobby Lobby case but stop banning contraception. Wtf?
So bae thinks it's fine to leave me on read I see you
I HAVE A FEELING SHAWN WILL NEVER FOLLOW ME
how is Cody sprinting on the treadmill rn I can't even jog 2 miles without dying
The cocktails at the party just might convert us to clear liquor.
I hate a game to go down to PKs bro its so sad for the loser
2014 and we can't even be cast as our fallen idols. I'm guessing Brad Pitt is going to play Obama in his biopic
Hit me with some plans man
Omgggg i need someone to talk to.
Told macho to go to sleep idk why he still awake ?
This episode of true life is so fucked up
el santi de la clase siempre pasa re loco ajajajjajja
Soccer games have me weak asf with people flopping all over the place haha
Just so everyone is aware, nobody cares at all for the pictures of fireworks you put on instagram or snapchat tonight
I only like talking to people that have their read receipts on
But V is being sooooooo selfishhhhhhhhh *Pharrell voice*
I just really love my friends rn no doubt
I'm about to beat my skull rn until I fall asleep
I really want chicken noddle soup right now
Ive changed alot since we last talked on ah day to day basis !
Jones looked like Ronaldo before injury
Kermit the frog is killing it
Chem=fuck her right in the pussy
If you watch the WorldCup, FIFA wins!
\"Hey baby won't you look my way\nI could be your new addiction\"
Lol my mom \"u know what you r doing keep me out of it\"
\"Heaven couldn't be farther from the places that heaven always finds me\" -
And you're not a promoter if you have to put it in your bio. People should know because you have an actual business. Lmfao
Every time Wolf comes on it makes me happy
sucks got this
Kinda want Germany to lose so all you front runners can stfu
Clint Dempsey needs more touches!!
learn to admit when you fuck up.
\": When is \"or nah\" going to stop being a thing..?\"
Just let me know when you're ready for something different, adventurous, soulful and real. But until then .......
ive only spoke English on twitta today and to my bf .
CLINT DEMPSEY BOUT TO WRECK SHIT
Love going down Main Street and seeing all these jerseys :))
i can not be sober, bitch i am a doper... word to my nigga
we're all a little hipster, so is it really hipster when we're all doing it?
You always focused on us girl just keep it up...
Seeing kids put black cards down to pay for dinner makes me wanna puke all over the place.
Max needs to understand I don't text people so if I'm dry SORRY
Im just being hella salty cause I want that
I think i want you to feel as hurt as i was.
Alright, let's keep our shit together now
A conversation is all i am to you
Wait pause. I'm totally going to watch the sunrise at boating right now. ITS A THING.
BHI deserved that goal
I called you back I'm glad you didn't answer babe
still can't believe this is actually real life ... Missing you bro
Starting to get too much for me to want to handle. But I'm so fucking confused that idk what to do and I'm just going with it.
Like I really wanna know what foundation they use..
Yall want me to tweet some real tonight?
My dad be actin so stupid
' Nose Porque Me Pongo De Mujiganga Aveces ....
sooooo pumped for the fourth of july
Ah yes, 20 minutes until the Lady
I'm not an emotional person so I have no idea how to deal with a crying girl lol .
Most number ones ever. Only numbers that matter.
*unfollow cus you annoy the fuck out of me
Frat set the tone for the summer though, shoutout to for this one
Always trying to make the same agreement with no progress or change
Alright, I'm going inside. Mosquitos are a bitch rn.
Found out today has offices in my building. Must resist the urge to run down to their floor and show them all my freckles.
Can't wait to work the closing shift today. Taking bets on how many people will come in during that 5-hr period. Maybe 3. Yay.
Finding clothes is my struggle actually
I mean nothing to you and I don't know why.
I'm starting to feel this wine lolol
why did they invent depressing music
I man things going on and this has to be brought up. That's fine
As one door closes another opens up
Downgrading back to iOS 7. Too many issues to keep on using iOS 8 daily.
Just holla at my bro , finna show you u cats how to get this money
Cause pussy ain't nothing but my heart is sure full of something
Captain America!!!!!!!!! OMG 2-1 yessss
Crystelle just spoke in tongues, please start playing already
\"Are we positive this place is safe and not known for like killing people?\"
whos number is this (203) 426-0165
Can't wait till my leagues start soon
My mom acts like she wasn't 16 once .
If you are looking for that one message today here it is. You are strong , beautiful. Don't let anyone or anybody get in your way.
How to go on now that the season is over?!
well aren't a breath of fresh? From all these gold digging bitches in here
I don't even understand why I'm trying to carry extra weight right now ...I need you to do better for yourself, so we can be better together
\"A chance for a different life. Just a chance was all I asked.\" Words never held more truth
Oh my Dempsey!
if you say board instead of saying bored, I just feel bad for you
If your boyfriend doesn't touch your butt all the time, is he even your boyfriend?
I'm just trying to be a stay at home dad
Why were you in my dream last night.....
Going upstate for a day trip today. Booked a tour of the Vanderbilt Mansion and FDR's country estate.
i could say that this time , i actually learned my lesson .
The 4th of July is a good opportunity to consider what you personally would include in a Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights.
My Phone Is Dying So Goodnight Twitter People
Left the goalie froze loll
It's so sick watching Luan Olivera just destroying the Street League Course!
I want to hop off and sleep on the side of the tracks. How did people do this for so long (and now?)
This isn't the NFL start the fucking draft
Good Game Shmurdas !!!!!
Yeah you've never played organized volleyball in your life and you're trying to teach me how to play at a bar...
I miss the taste of the sweet life
Keke Palmer outfit cole y'all sleep!
If we have learnt anything in this brave, new world: Walls Do Not Work. Ever! Dialogue and respect are the paths to peace.
I've been downhearted babe ever since the day we met
This chick was running in Sketchers... Pray for me.
\": lol yo feelings stay getting hurt\" rmaoo
I need to get up and go to ukiah ! I'm so lazy though
: keep them guessing, don't give them a story with a predictable ending. make them want to read your every word
if you ask me how i'm doing , i would say i'm doing just fine , i would lie and say that you're not on my mind
And I got pooped on by a bird. Yay me
As my only wish for my birthday, I want to watch the USA beat Argentina on my birthday while I sip my first legal adult beverage.
Finished , + - now on to and .
Omfg why aren't I at Electric Forest.....
Holy fuck I have to get out of here
Got a driver now his name morsi
Today we go visit the city and then pick up a Canadian. Solid.
Plants will scream at me ...screaming \"help help help \"
YES! so happy! welcome to the , reinhart!
when I call him by his full name he knows he did sometjing wrong.
Slide up into my ride, she was my riverside girlll
It's not about the number of followers. It's about the message.
Not sorry about the tangent I just went on... at all.
The man himself lets fucking go
Klose starts for the Germans. Is this the record-breaking day for him?
Haven't quite figured out the right response when random kids call me Daddy?
All the seft people are in Egypt. Iran should ask O under the neath if he can get some more babies.
From today onward, (meaning till Ericksons birthday) I will not do drugs, smoke or drink. Or even smoke hookah. I am going to be clean.
Look at my wrist, it's levels to these bezels.
I cant stop but wonder what i did to deserve to be treated like this?
I honestly find Gianna to be one of the funniest people I have ever met
Bed... That's what is happening.
u still look like a 3rd grader
What goes thru new niggas heads when they get on twitter?
Everyone and there mother will be at the strip tonight while I'm stuck at an airport
You'd think id be sick of healing fresh tattoos by now. It's been a full 2 months of at least one tattoo healing at a time.
I've never been so happy for canceled happy hr and dinner plans. Lazy Friday night with Forgetting Sarah Marshall
I didn't want to care, but then I saw you there
men find Women irresistible when their aroused ...The same is true for Women. Old Wives tales sometimes speak the truth.
You're pretty and cool and a day one, we should hang out sometime
\"Ain't nobody got time for nature!\"
Feels like the whole universe was drunk last night
Suck a dick US
Idk what it is but those guys that work at Haagen Dazs think it's okay to hit on me..
They really sent over 3 mill in cash, Baba Lord
Last minute running around before my trip
Don't you know I'm sick of this bullshit
Glitter in the Air will forever be my fav
So a water main broke today at our school. We have to go stop at another school tonight so we can shower and use the bathroom
Me pone en kpa esto de pelear con viole y que eze me de la razon ami obvio no si me ama mas ami que a ella quien te juna wacha NO TE VALLAS
LATELY IT'S BEEN GETTING LATE BUT IM NOT TIREDDD
you know I fucked up when I light my cigarette backwards and still inhaled it
Looking back at it this nigga Meek killed Cassidy and let Kendrick know that there's levels lmao
Actually disappointed I didn't go say hi to
Forever 21 changing room is definitely uncharted territory
Mi pana digale a su hermana que me lo deje descansa ni que sea por una semana
I am so happy and content with my life. Hbu? Foreeaaaal doe? Not like I care but forrrrrreeall.. Just curious
is crushing it with their coverage. Breaking down the game and much smarter than ever before.
Im proud of bosnia, honestly they worked their ass off to go against a good ass team who has the best player on Argentina, keep it up boys!
Couldn't even say hello to my father because of how angered I was
I can't even fathom how fast life is changing
This is where the Kermit meme comes in.
Another year another 4th enjoy &amp; be safe.
First time I turn on my playstation in a year
Nicki bout to SHUT SHIT DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What happen to Glamazon. Being from Buffalo we don't have much to cheer about we need her back. Go Bills and take the Sabres with you .
Should be 2
am i the only one who's super excited for the fourth of July ?!
\": I'm really good at giving other people life advice but when it comes to my own life I have no idea what i'm doing.\"
IM SOOO JEALOUS RN IF THESE GIRLS THAT I CANT EVEN WRITESEEEEE!?!!?! &lt;--- SEEE. PLSSSS ?!??
You know you can just say I dont want to.
everyone needs to stop asking me if I'm okay
Not gonna lie that was a petty intense tennis match
Man.. I could probably walk-on for kicker and punter. So easy.
When will I learn to use sunscreen
If I wanted to look at gifs I'd go on tumblr
I wanna see Lucy who's down?
Did he really... Because you just found out about him....
Nervous for my tattoo appt today
God I've never been so paranoid in my entire life
It's was these 4 guys in a carrrrrrr
This boy I use to date was texting this chick the day I broke up with him &amp; then couldn't stop crying about it for a week...
We will be open for the USA v Belgium match at 1pm tomorrow! Grab a seat and a cold beverage!
Bring on all the pretenders one day...We will be remembered.
Uncle Murda my nigga tho respect
KSJC 260153Z 31012KT 10SM FEW013 SCT160 BKN250 20\/14 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T02000139
uy noo disque tiene esos delirios ojala que no :\/\/
And now I attempt to sleep
This show got me in the house all day
I seriously need to get serious about getting my drivers license. I hate relying on people to come and pick me up and drop me off.
my boyfriend takes better care of me when i'm sick than my mom did haha
As said, \"people come here to party and be children... Impulsive horny children\"
Having dinner with a guy who bought a drone so he could shoot fireworks at it and take pictures
teenagers scare the living shit out of me
I just seen a girl with a CHUNKY KITTEN WEDGE SHOE!!!!!! I'm NOT DOING IT TODAY
it's dangerous to speak against something you may become.
Everybody ready as fuck to go back to school
I'm over it time to stop always putting everyone else feelings before my own
Life's too short to drink cheap coffee.
Wtf, I aint know Iggy Azalea was a rapper. I thought it was a black girl rapping in the song Fancy and she just sang the chorus lol
Im not even mad, its just sad. Whatever, it will never matter
Timothy Howard you are solid
you off bruh
Not being expected to fill a stereotypically gendered role in an organization.
Love him or hate him... is a great performer.
This summer's gonna be pretty boring since I have no friends to hang out with
I guess no Wondo yet
My back is so tense I need a massage
Now to promptly get sick because of Moe's.
Officially 18. Apparently there's nothing new being 18
Mom. The air conditioner was invented for a reason. Use it.
Dang it..I ends to refrain from cussing. I went 2 and half weeks a while back without it and then slipped up and ended that streak
Still haven't packed and its kind of 1 am
2 months left and then mile high bound.
Keep getting bad news everyday it's stressing me out
It's gotta be a bad sign when you dream about how tired you are
The traffic has been unbearable today.
On friday EST check my Bench Warmers Live Show w\/my cohost &amp; our guest only on !!
Happy is the worst song ever made
Wtf why am I leaving America for 5 months?
Like girls can be just as bad these days
I wanna spray air freshener down my dogs mouth
In US, rights of corporations are prized and guarded more than the individual citizen. Money rules more than ever, my friends
I need to cleanse my life.
Yayyy! I found my Arlene necklace !!!! :,)
Dogma remains one of the most profoundly funny &amp; entertaining films. So much deeper than most people will ever realize. Thx .
I wonder what is doing rn
Alguien sabe un link para ver el partido en linea?
I have spent way too much time caring about people who don't care about anyone but themselves
Detesto el verano.
\"You'll never be enough for a man who isn't ready\"
Understand who is down for you, not someone who Is just down for the moment.
Upstarts! Let's bring it home I want you in the semi final!
But it's just so annoying when you don't know when to text them if they haven't texted you in a whole
How is it possible to not sleep for this long
Rosedale hwy traffic is ridiculous at the hour
How do u post a gif on here
\"Hey I just wanted to introduce myself.. Our daughters play together at the pool\" yea no I'm the babysitter
Even tho we're watching OITNB, it feels good to be spending time with the siblings
Trying to figure out where to go after Germany. Gosh, my life is do hard.
Howard isn't letting them get a free ticket
A lot of people in this world I don't hate one
\": All I want, is to tell you I love you and make you wanna stay. -Florida Georgia Line\"
Girl Meets World was so fucking quality. Can't wait for more episodes of that
I don't feel the need to be bend over backwards for anybody simple.
Sam please stop sending me emails
my sex life is as alive as Julian's chin
Wow now I am so pumped for USA to play Germany on the 26th. Do you feel me??
Fuck her while her mama home, baby don't yell
'Whats an adult game?' 'Oh I could name a few adult games for you'... This is why I'm not good with kids.
need to on a diet just for my calves
Patterson photos are the worst .
About to be driving all over cny this weekend between graduation and grad parties
ur tweets make me laugh
Never lied about shit lol thats one thing i can say...actually i could say a lot more
Brilliant goal from Jones!
Jelena, please tell Terrance how you feel!!!
We were dead on oovoo for 4 hours
me and my cornrowed freak are fuxing wit LA again tonight. my body h8s me
Momma said no pussycats up in my dog house
It sucks how unsocial I have to be when I'm at my dad's
I want to marry your ass literally
For those of you think that I'm okay, I'm not. Another night here at the hospital
Off to the movies round 2
I've been binge watching OITNB since last night
My dog hides during storms hahahah Lil bitch.
Idk what zendaya was thinking when she chose that outfit
Damn it I feel asleep at 6 now I can't sleep
literally two people asked me to photoshop things for them y
Hey guys! Taking a selfie is now a mental disorder!
Love Rocky music for Pete! He is such an awesome, supportive father and husband! Thanks for sharing
you take so long wtf
already got fireworks theyre from a gas station in texas that sold sick turquoise its this turquoise rock
Dreamed I was visiting my grandparents and my parents were upset I didn't tell them...since my grandma has passed and grandpa isn't well hmm
Youre a real piece of shit if you need an electric cig because you cant sit and eat in a restaurant for an hour and eat without smoking..
It's probably close to that time of the month I hardly ever get loud with my mom and I feel so bad about it but I apologized.
Wtf did I just get in my notifications, ew.
I smoke black &amp; milds but shit... I needa stop, I don't want my teeth to turn yellow :(
\": You know what's sexy? A real conversation, no small talk.\"
Can't fall asleep but ayy it's my birthday!
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x10
I sincerely hope we continue to be a close family\/friends I am so thankful for our friends ily guys xoxo u get my point
wins against ! wins against ! Congrats to and the entire team!
Ouch-Town population you bro\n-Pepper Brooks\n
Just got ketchup on my pillow and cake crumbs in my sheets.
Dang I haven't been on a date in a while.
did everything I could to keep you happy &amp; i dont regret it.
Ordered some Papa John's haha some of y'all know my
If I fell, I fell hard and forever.
Fucken jazelle wakes us all up at 5:30am. And we still havnt left yet. I'm tired trying to watch the game now.
u know the second u put your phone on silent is the second someone offers you bicuspids
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x14
GRAND SLAM TO TIE THE GAME 4-4. The O's were down 4-0 going into the bottom of the 8th and have remarkably tied it up
H8 HOW THE TEXT IS AT THE BOTTOM OF PICTURES WHO THE F THOUGHT OF THAT
I rather know I can walk on water with my God, then to go through trouble waters without my God.
Nunca vi um hotel sem wifi, pqp
Don't be so focused on ur losses that u forget to celebrate ur wins
money motivated got me feelin real focused
Let the bartender make me her favorite drink. Super good. \"NY sour\" won't be my last.
yes yes yes yes 1-1
Of coarse Keisha Cole feelin it
My roommate really wants to go to a creed concert.
You say I'll never get your blessings till the day I die.\nTough luck my friend cause the answers still, NO!
Sab is always trying to touch me likeeee stay on your side of the bed wtf
Ziggler fans, once again heart-broken. Ziggler: Stutter-pushed again
Just gonna play games for the rest of the night
The fact that I just dropped 25$ at mcdonalds is sad
This was such a...bizzare weekend. Very tired lol
It actually is too hot. I'm al outta sleep
RIP Dwayne Wades Career
ok I didn't want anyone to reply anyways
222\/\/ beastcoast on a rise, but you're chill and gave me good feedback on my lyric thanks bro
I forgot what was I gonna say, but you were never paying attention to me.
ITS 1:53! WHY DO I SMELL THIN CRUST PIZZA
I want any girl that feels that they would be perfect for me to slide in my DM. I don't bite and I'm not mean. I just wanna know !
I consider myself a lone wolf
\": what kind of world do we live in where great influential figures like chief keef get shot at smh\"
But then bark at me when I call out the bullshit and say im sensitive? Really tho?
tbh I don't \"hate\" on any females. I'm not hella satisfied with myself but I'm not trying to be anyone else ever no matter who u r.
Snitch mf on smh, hater
Just think about how far you've already come before you think about giving up.
And even if the skies and moons collide I never want you back into my lifee
And contraception is just medically intelligent to use, people who are religious or not believe that.
No comeback in sight
Must've been too cold at this time
I pride myself on being tough &amp; scary yet when I ask people for their opinion of me they describe me like the marshmallow I truly am.
I wanna play beer pong.... I miss rippin people to shreds.
I just had the worst nightmare
Writing music feels so natural and so right, I love doing it.
So happy to be chillen with shaine just made my day so much better :)))
You ruined my life for 3 years now get out of here with your Lying ass bullshit
This lil Wayne performance is boring but that's none of business
Niggas stop being sweet when girls started screen shooting
I don't eat a lot to be honest but this child is feeding me like a cow
to the dreamers Next year! RT : I wanted to be but I'm...
The person you are trying to reach has a messaging system that has not been set up.
I need plans saturday and sunday
Some of these memes get more and more retarded as time progresses. Poor choice of entertainment.
Since is not in the World Cup ima go with Estados Unidos aka U.S and A!
so bored that I'm watching Romeo and Juliet
Can't wait till bre sends me the pix !! I had so much fun with her and des and buddy and nori
I dislike the spurs but I respect them, played excellent basketball
Nigga any problem, bet I overcome that shit
That point in the game where throws themselves on the ground
Stroke of brilliance by Jones! What a moment. It's 1-1.
Literally when I speak people just disregard that fact that I'm alive
Friends come and go\nBut the friends that go \nWere never your friends
How do some people do life so well?'l
maybe you're just searching in all the wrong places for happiness
phd in homo character world building
Trynna cop Tan Kayne 1's ASAP
\"Me and Tia are going to chuck e cheese tonight while you guys go to the bars\"
She just started popin it for a nigga
KRHV 272356Z 30013KT 10SM SKC 27\/15 A2993
I'm so sleepy
There are so many damn beautiful people in manhattan, it blows my mind.
I BELIEVE THAT....
I've had a song on repeat for like an hour now and it's making me feel like 52 emotions all at once
My night is made by that follow, I live a boring life
Man . I miss some one right now.
Att: XC runners.1st practice of the year has finally arrived. Practice tomorrow at 8:30am at the park! See you out there. Spread the word!
I didn't even realize school metro cards still work
Self-Control Is Strength... Right \nThought Is Mastery... Wisdom
Why the fuck is no one answering their damn phones
Talking on the phone almost always makes me feel safer when I'm walking somewhere alone at night
Though I'm dying like a martyr, it's to my flesh &amp; not to you, but I've come to seek forgiveness, a thing only you can do. -
Fna get otp with my baby and call it a night .
Dodgers hate our dads as much as our moms. Better win for teachers day !!!
That nap was 4 hrs.
I am no homewrecker in here.
Yeah I got issues like you were any better ..
Real talk: about a third of my motivation for the doing well is about how much it'd irritate the rest of the World.
You are a hoe, just accept it
But to that bullshit I'm deaf and I'm blind
CLINT DEMPSEY. BANG TIME.
Im in so much pain right now !
Why must teachers wait till the last minute to give us so much work!?!!!
\"Want you to know that them comments don't offend me, cause ya girl so god damn friendly\"
I wanna see the new transformers it's looks sick
I really believe I can't get any taller but it happens somehow
EPIC FAIL. I still love you though
What do they call the disease when you start seeing yin yangs that aren't even actually there ??
It's gunna be a beautiful night if it doesn't rain
Man get Jason Kidd the fuck out of New York with that shit. He'd rather be in Wisconsin? Ok
She counted every star in the sky and said I don't want that I want you instead....
Guess ive been talking in my sleep the last hour. Fucking scary.
Americans talking about soccer is the new British talking about the weather.
It's nothing but time and a face that you loose
\": I'm the nicest dick head you'll ever meet (:\" dats why you my nigga
That's the start baby!
Some Gang Starr to start of my day.
gotta Asian bitch she be like cheeng chong
Nothing like waking up early and being at the DMV
Some people act like they care for you just be nosey smh
Stephen Drew needs to step up his offense to stay on this team
I want to barf any and every time anyone says \"brand\" now.
I had to clean up in case pop up at my house
I dead be taking a shit for ma long
so many mean words, yet so many spelling errors.
Called beasly but not donovan
Yo siempre digo lo que siento
There is always the one person in a horror movie with the fucking annoying voice. No matter what
getting drunk by myself watching Seinfeld. my life is full of excitement.
Sander van doorn headhunterz and W&amp;W at tramps like us @.@
yo deadass,why am I stressing over oomf
Time check. 9:53 pm. What to do? make up!
i really dont like the new twitter\nyou really fucked up this time twitter sorrynotsorry
Hood thing we have had the ball alot
Es una pana que tenemos que trabajar manana :(
I hate judgemental people like who are you to judge someone
Marina hates me when I'm drunk
Feel like I'm boutta leave &amp; still haven't seen everybody I wanted to see
ya fue son todas re falsas , me buscan cuando solamente me tienen que pedir algo
.\"Ghana looks like their gonna (goner)\"
the lawyers couldn't stop me
And team USA scores in second! Oh yeah!!!
When I was young I liked making forts out of pillows, now I just want the pillows to be naked girls -Torsten
Mariah that was amazing!!!!!
U S A goallll
456 we don't talk much but you're in ASB
I've been losing so much sleep the last few days
Now I come home and get in trouble
Make fun of yourself because no one is perfect.
you can't really do anything wrong while you're asleep, so sleep is a pretty great thing
THIS IS PATHETIC. whoever came up with ground delays needs to go.
bae grabs my ass in public and i act like its nothing.
Just gave myself an A quality edge up
What am I doing. Seriously this isn't me
One day running this nonprofit will be so rewarding
You didn't love me. You just loved the fact that I was here for you, the attention I gave you, the fact that I would drop anything for you.
Stay a away from my butthole
i think im just gonna do a regular like think
maggie and i r gettin turnt hit us up for funny textz
You're allowed to kick people in the face?
Ok since yu guys r back together is tomorrow on now
I'm just waiting for India love to do wshh after dark
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Harald Kruger, Board Member BMW...make history in the auto industry. Smart move.
I feel like ive heard most of it
I'm going to wait for my phone to charge before I board the plane, which is in 45 minutes. I'll try to tweet when I land in Brazil
I missed awkward last night and its not recorded! Ughhh where do I watch itttt
When you say you love me know I love you more
Never knew how much never knew how much I cared
Weird. Parsing was the real bottleneck.
It's what ever you always gonna have ppl bring you down
No one makes me laugh more than my brother does
If there was no one else in the break room right now I'd have like 3 burgers and 3 hot dogs.
Ridiculous . Disgusting.. No. I'd ascribe those last2words to the last two people I just spoke about.. And I'd back it up.
You and I were made of glass we'd never last
Que bello es amar a una sola persona a pesar de todo.
Lol RT : Niggas be on the edge lol
life so good, wish i could do this forever
Ima be so damn tired tomorrow
looks like every nerd's dream come true
I can't, I'm wearing my self out, I'm already sick. I'm surprised I'm not dead.
every fuckin time :-)
Might as well leave a light on cus you're always right on time..
Laughing at how I wrote Sorry at the bottom of my trig test
Anyone Seen TI &amp; Tiny Together ? Now Sdfu .
Those spam accounts on snapchat that keep sending advertisements are annoying af.
No matter what I'm always the bad guy in every situation. So why should I even try?
I love the memes of Kermit drinking tea
La consideration est plus importante que l'amour
that bo dallas nigga is annoying &amp; i can't believe he's signed
Some remixes kill a whole song
I gotta be honest, I think the ghost is a better dancer than I am.
I wish feelings never existed to be honest...
I really hate having a car in Hudson county.. In the 6 years I lived in Florida I got maybe 3 tickets ever.. All moving violations
Obviously the best response when you see two tiny sick kittens owned by Haight street kids is to cry then buy shoes to cheer you up, right?
Watch mad niggahs try n call me insecure
There has to be a girl out there that can match my fly AND MY MIND ! I will find her .. It's Inevitable
\": ily jr ;*\" my bitches love me haha
Dempsey!!!!! 2-1 USA!!!
Or Jordy whatever like I said I don't care
My TA is dope haha he tells me when he gets kicks.
They say you shouldn't text and drive but it should really be don't burrito' and drive.
Fuck this traffic I'm getting off at seminary
I peed in greens toilet hahaha
To knock these bitches out or to not.
Don't get butthurt bc I can play your game better than you ever could hahaha
So how many red flags are too many red flags?
6:15PM and I've already seen a crying fan. (He was four years old, but still.) : FEEL THE EXCITEMENT.
I want a mango
I hella wanna order trough the Chipotle app one day lol
You can tell it's grad season cause my parents street has more cars parked in the street than my apartment in the city
Say something I'm giving up on u I'll be the one if u want me too 8'
had to double back when i saw the car coming at me hahah
I FORGOT TO MENTION THE FACT THAT THE FRENCH GUY SITS RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME
Fran hand just ate 3 Xanax dare him to drive?
Got my NYS PA license number!
And my brother just picked my aunt up from there air port , she's from North Carolina
Sometimes all you need is a friend
Jesus christ i was not expecting that , fuck yea
Thursday 26th \nRiley Children's Hospital\n705 Riley Hospital Dr, Indianapolis\n10:00-1:30 Protons of today's sales go to Riley heart research.
OMG YES OMG OMG OMG
oc girls really hate me lol
God hates all non-religious holidays.
\"Are you gonna play women's professional basketball?\" -Jane to al
Someone text me cause I won't be sleepin at all..
If its not one thing its the next
USA GOOOLLLLASSOSOOOOOO JERMAINE JONES
Bo Dallas Win : )
HONORING God is what will GIVE you PEACE... in your LIFE!\n- David Wilson
Friends man, the real ones are always there for you
Good reaction but bad give away which results in a yellow card
It's cool I love being left on delivered.
Why so many RT that tweet wtf lmao can y'all chill
THATS A FUCKIN BOOT.
And a test tomorrow
The price of getting older is losing more and more people you love... I'm going to miss you grandma...
I think we'd look great dead.
Disney has throwback episodes every night THIS IS WHAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF
Wish I got in n out after class
Fan poll what ever wins I will do on YouTube Rt for mask videos fav for more reviews of stuff
Nigga said Another tat??? You got moneyyy lol
i just want tyh to come to vegas with me
Time always goes slow when you're at work ....
he is sick of her shit
\": Stop yelling my name RT Good Sex Game &amp; Good Job\"
My Grandma Retired to Flo Ri Da
\"Rich homie quan\" was quan's suggestion BTW
Me and my Pops got a weird ass relationship
ha - thanks Tracey - I would be devastated if our 10 year friendship was ruined by a couple of edited moments on your TV screen
When I have my mind set, there is no changing it
Never thought Kermit the frog would be so G my god never laughed so hard in my life.
Same ppl that fronted on me be the same ones on my D now
I need coffee to wake me up these days, but i'd rather have your lips to wake me up every morning
New Young Niggas - Young\nScooter ft Young Thug &amp; Rich Homie
Not even 15 minutes into my birthday and I can tell it's gonna be shitty
No me arrepiento de amar Alejandro y de poder estar siempre en sus brazos
Did it just get really racial on for a moment????? Wow.
Have this feeling I'll have a swollen eye tomorrow again
making a low-resource meal for myself
MUNIs are packed with Giants fans and SFPride-goers. Outbound passengers be warned...
Where's ? Bring in .
Is this what people have boyfriends for, so when you're stressed at 1am you have someone to complain to?
\"When did you realize she was the one?\" \"When I saw her selfie &amp; swiped right on tinder\"
Ur annoying as hell
Anxiety attack because idk how to study for chem
i can't lie to you\nif i see arthur on tv\ni watch it, still to this day
When my jam comes on in the car while I'm driving people better beware.
Nash's is such a thot ugh
The fact that ima be in Miami tomorrow :))))
Someone but me crystal blue circle lenses for my birthday with the -2.00 prescription thanks a bunch
i'm so dissociated right now. everything just sounds like noise.
Omg this ASU quad chat is Cray lol
Me know say you want me
Showering by candlelight bc is with
FUCKING BEAUTIFUL SHOT JESUS CHRIST
Wow that dunk was unbelievable
Fking YES!!!!!!!!!!! Go USA!!!!
This pb &amp; j sandwich though &gt;&gt;&gt; omg
Now who she sees as a father is Jose and my dad, the only two people that were there for her. And that's perfectly fine with me.
Is love waking up at 6am to go lift cause if it is then in in it ha
We flame niggas tonight cuz last night yall left me to rip these niggas by myself.
this isnt funny any more Calum and or Luke
Jesus. RT : BAE. RT : I'll rap the whole Jay-Z album with you too, boo.
linda escaleras no tocaron hoy -_-
--&gt; St. Louis for the IBM\/SAM convention!
I can never have a relaxing day
y'all better be careful with what gay selfies you postin on the social media, it might end up as my next avi
Why can I never have the right words to say in the heat of the moment
Job Requirement: fluent in Chinese....... Yo you should probably move your company to Asia then
I need Tuesday
Had a dream I was late to the time trial again and Woodsie's hatred of me continued
Over 1500 people have jumped to their deaths from the Golden Gate Bridge since its opening.
my mom got me eating special k and shit
Someone tell me why I wasn't born into the 50\/60's (bc I would've been discriminated against)
Why did Raydence just wake up, grab her iPod, walk over to me and call me Tristan, turn on a song, and go lay down and go back to sleep?
While waiting to interview today I got to meet and congratulate . One of them sang to me.
I think the Spanish language announcer just called the Vice President \"John\" Biden. Does this guy know anything about soccer?!
shouldn't have sat next to Kate on the bus
Im going to commit in about 10 seconds
I wish I had a reason to go into the city everyday
My mom made 800$ in one day on her yard sale
My sister is so stupid she knows she's a little allergic to shell fish &amp; she ate it and her face is blown up LOL
Just heard a non native man say \"init' lmao
Literally the first customer of the week at my favorite Eriterean restaurant
I would literally sell my soul to go to one of the 49ers preseason games in the new stadium before I go to college
FUCK WHOEVER WAS AT MY HOUSE AND TOOK MY WALL PIECE TO MY CHARGER IMMA FUCK YOU UP
I just want my volleyball shoes &amp; I'll be happy :-)
Running around the party yelling Pura Vida with an American flag was pretty much all I remember last night
boondocks has me on the FLOOR\noh my god
I Will Never Try or Eat Fruity Pebbles Cereal But I like Fruit Loops, Better.
My head is still swinging
what are you gonna tweet that too
I almost always retweet stuff for the fuck of it lolo lolz
Puttin' on my makeup Puttin' off the hard stuff. Fake smile &amp; eye lashes.
Can shit get any worse df brah !!!!
Relaxing mode for the next couple hours till i pass out
I hope Lebron drops 50
My girlfriend is like a spaceship, \nI don't have a spaceship...
My mom thinks all my friends are good looking except for me. Fuck you
Getting obliterated last night was top 3 poorest life choices. Now I'll sit in the rain and listen to Tijs do things.
The more I find myself,\nThe more people I lose.
at least the flyers will be in the lottery for Conor Mcdavid
\": Psychology says, sometimes creating a little distance will help people recognize how much you actually mean to them.\"
I'm home yall !! \n\nAka working all day and binge watching netflix all night
Food makin, but this space where my tooth used to be is really irritating me. Don't think I like how this is going to go..
I judge people who don't keep their apps and iOS software up to date
Mrs es una de y se ha unido nuestra . Thank so much hugs
Bray Wyatt is going all the way! follow the buzzard!
Empire State Building is rainbow for
Tonight I'm proudly deejaying ROXY PRIDE from 1000pm-600am Bethere
If u do cosplay i probably hate u.
Argand'Or is growing fast!!! Thanks everybody for your contribution...Let's keep the pace up.
But then again it's like a reminder that I'm probably better off without them
Being patient with this was the best decision I've ever made.
I'll accept incoming freshman into the Eastampton crew before I accept any Joe Pancheri's.
\": \"accidentally\" miss your flight\" best idea ever
Marc made me lock my mouth and he took the key omg
I'm really angry I didn't end up with a black eye from getting elbowed in the eye yesterday black eyes are awesome
less than 3 weeks w this phone and it looks exactly like my old piece of shit
\": Wheres a good place to watch fireworks tonight?\" Coney Island
Don't you just love having sun burns everywhere and losing your voice to the point where every time you laugh nothing comes out but a squeak
Suavamente- Elvis Crespo (Kennedy Trap Remix) &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I get shit shakin.. Big or small.. Right or wrong.
Come over real quickkkkkkkk lmfao
Cheers to for the session. NYC
11:11 I wish would follow me now 11:12
I haven't been up this early in a long time. It feels so weird!
YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS USA USA USA
You mess with Avatar Aang, you are going to mess with me
Thanks to everyone who helped me escape some very harsh realities this week, it's been a hard few months &amp; that break was just what I needed
I used to know what loving someone truly meant.
You know there's a serious problem with UX when it's easier to check in with , despite their attempts to discourage it.
When is tastee freeze open til?
My phone case just makes me want beer now
me a drink and I'll tell you a lie
We're all killers Reaper, it's what they pay us for.
Only downside of the beach is that the waves killed my back
I'm starting to finally be happy again. I love it.
My zodiac is best friends with Aries, what's good? Who knew it'd be accurate lol ~
2-1 BABBBY LETS GO BOSNIA
One thing I hate doing is taking the subway in the summer time ; it always feels like the devil is breathing on my neck
She buy me guisseppes, she told me she love me
My show recorded but with no sound like wtfff
These cramps need to stoppppppp before i dieeeeee
\": yu not even down here\"im coming down tho .
Jermaine Jones with the paintbrush
I don't mind staying up if I'm talking to you
Who wants to go on a dinner date with me this week? here's looking at you kid!
So I just woke up and killed a bag of potatoe chips
usually comedies have Wack jokes that everyone laughs at.. har har dick joke, har har weed joke, har har sex joke it's all the same
never have i ever been as scared as i was in the ocean today
Right when I walk away from the tv bosnia scores!!!! Yes!!!!!
I honestly don't care when girls who I don't know dislike me, but I do take it to offense when someone who i do know starts to dislike me
when I say I'm fine I'm really not, lol.
Yes Phil is Beautiful
Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg even showed up to watch this panel!
Escuchar a Lana del Rey es perfecto para irse a dormir en el acto
Although society has us programmed and i sometimes do it because im human, i try not to judge ANYONE
No one is the same weather it's a male or female. There are still some worthy people left in the world.
Gonna be a good day! Gym time!
preciso conhecer gente nova, ir pra lugares novos
Life will not lead you down a path of your choosing.It's only by relentless determination that we are able to forge our own path.
Yo, I fucking Puked in the Walmart bathroom cause of all that tobacco remeber kids do drugs not tobacco
&amp; I'm not afraid to let the world know that.
Bouta be the ill 3rd wheel tonight
i hate when people say i will be here for you no matter what but later on they leave me and forget about me
If this game ends as a draw ima be laughing lol
I treat you the same way you treat me
Wow you're actually kind of an asshole, how did I not see that before?
Love my bitches &lt;3 and my bartenders lmaoooooo
Great a shitty day followed by a sleepless night. Fml
\": \": Sex on the ceiling really is my jam\" mine too\"it's wonderful
All the good ones are taken
I just got smacked in the eye with a moth????
\": Post the 28th pic in ya camera roll if u real\"
Was that a 70's porn star dressed as Superman?
Told you.. BEAST..
Omg the massages they give you on your legs and feet either tickles or hurts like damn
\"Don't say I'm crazy, I'm not crazy, don't tell me I'm crazy\"\n\"You just said crazy three times\"\n\"Oh\"\n
Esta que yo te agarre vas a hablar vos
Haha that cry crying
I miss so fucking much dude
Wearing dresses makes me feel purdy
OH INTERNET \/\/ \"When I take Vit-C that doesnt taste orange I don't feel like I am taking in the vitamin at all + it doesnt feel the same\"
I think I spelled that wrong
Taking a nap earlier was such a bad idea
Been taking me forever to finish season 2
That's should be a straight red! Look at how high his boot came up!
Where the fuck do people come up with rumors.
Turning with Mexico fans at the beach hahaha
if you gonna lie , at least be good
Oh my Messi
Haha it's funny that I hangout with wells friends more than I hangout with my own...
Wasted two important years chasing the wrong dream
He really is a crack
I want food so bad right now .
Car accident are always... Exciting lol that car got recked lol
Damn,just cause i'm being quiet dont mean that sum wrong
I love all of my friends
anyone know what time the spanish final is tm
When I metcha in the shlumma ((Andre 3000 voice))
Prince Pelayo dame la entereza para aprovechar los buenos descuentos y buenos finds.
I should start slanging again but with all the funds i got who needs too
Jajaja grande la prima \": Entonces sacas tu celular para ver la hora y terminas en Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter, Instagram.\"
Real quick is my line of the month so of I say that a lot don't judge me
But sucks to see family like this
DONT YOU JUST FUCKING HATE WHEN YOUR XBOX FREEZES AND YOU HAVNT SAVED IN A WHILE
I'm getting real tired of pleasing people. I'm real tired in general but that's not the point.
Dying for some Thai Murket right about now
Putting my faith in the bay kids right now
Luke Hemmings from 5sos you mean the world to me! If you see this please tap my follow button? It would mean so much to me! :-) x313
It's really hard not to trash soccer in a room full of soccer people
Craving an omelet from IHOP right now
Happy birthday America, I love you
Summer nights have some sort of magical property, I swear.
my personal trainer might kill me tomorrow for what I ate this weekend....
I know Luis lazy ass won't
What the hell is wrong with me?
Currently sandwiched between two dudes from Ghana and two lesbians
YEAHHHHH USA USA USA USA FUCK Yaaaa
Just because you're pretty and can do a cut crease DOES NOT make you a - let's switch it up ladies!!
Do you like the way I flick my tongue or nah, you can ride my face until you dripping cum. ...
Best part of 22 Jump Street was seeing my babe
Having Tim here during this grad party has kept me sane
Thot town, summer in the city
trying to stay positive all the time isn't easy.
When no one congratulates you on today being concert.....
Haven't been this excited to go to sleep in forever
Want you to take me up
How do thing always end up being my fault
He better take care of you.
\"Too Posh for Gavroche sounds like the Cocteau Twins had a lovechild with The Cure to rewrite the Never-ending Story soundtrack. \"
Who sues the President of the United States? Evidently a guy with brass orange balls &amp; delusions of grandeur.
Just made the train by seconds. Muni needs to clean their shit up.
lol @ me 4 thinking it was a good idea 2 watch devils due rn
Smh some females give us all bad reps
Reds manager Bryan Price is a proud Tamalpais High Indian. So, there's that. And I like to get the Daily News.
there's a burn on my hand now because of a sum 41 joke
As I'm walking past this table carrying a tray with like 5 drinks on it some foreign guy yells at me for forgetting to refill his coffee
Why does it feel so good to be bad?
I used to love white girls.. They just don't catch my eye anymore.
I need or to get Teen Titans asap
people think they have emojis next their name lmaooooooo... you don't
\"hes a guy hes thinking with his dick\" lmfao okk mom
Can't wait to get out of this shit hole
Without love, there is no peace. - Marianne Williamson
I stopped to see Nancy today and she was so nice to me she even gave me a shirt
Haven't smoke all damn day and when it's time cop, I see that I forgot my wallet\n-___________________-
wearing color is a rare occurrence for me I guess
Eating a peach with almonds is the best thing in the world
Every time I snap bryt we just make stupid faces the whole time
Lol goal for Bosnia i guess
Friday Night Lights, track number two. Classic.
I haven't been that pissed in a very long time
We will evolve as a world community, despite the efforts of the Kochs &amp; Bushes of the world. F them. Lift yourself up from this paradigm.
Having chicken breasts and an egg white omelet stuffed with collard greens for Who said clean food was boring and unappetizing?
A bird just dropped a warm turd on me. That's good luck, right?
GET WADE OUT OF THE GAME HE FUCKING SUCKS
American ninja warrior gets me pumped to go and workout lol
i have to deal with cling wrap almost every day during school and that is why i'm glad it's summer
I'm so sore I feel like I got hit by a truck
Here in the gym parking lot waiting for im about to take my ass to chipotle cause the bitch isn't answering &gt;:0
currently mad at because he just told me he hates the beach and he wasn't kidding.
I need to get out of bed before I lay here allll day
It's happening.... I'm starting to watch .. Season 1 episode 1 is now playing
I'm done kicking it with people who ate afraid to spend money
And the bar explodes
I have a dead guys ACL in me. Good looking Bruh.
So happy I'll be here for the fourth and not anywhere else.
Only person that can get me tight
Dichosos aquellos que se quieren y se tienen.
Before taking a selfie you think you are all gorg but they all end up looking like wtf
Jonesy you dirty dog you!!!!
Hmm. I thought that tackle was clean, got to ball first. Guess I'm not up on the finer points of clean tackling these days.
97% humidity. So basically it's like standing in front of those misting fans that the NFL uses
You need a real nigghuh shawwty some come and throw that pussy
My company does not believe in interest due to religious reasons so I should be exempt from having to pay it in any form.
What some guys do to some girls is just so foul it pisses me off
I see winning this
someoneeee snap chat me I'm bored
I wanna walk around but I have no one to walk with
This Dempsey guy is pretty clutch
makes me proud to be black. awful dress
Kyle ass is in hot water and she's burning up!
X | X | 14 \n
I need a beach trip in my life
I love this country!!!!
Just when I wanted to cycle to city the close the bridge :\/\/ why bad behaving aholes of NY spoil it for the rest of us
Creo que me voy a dormir ya porque simplemente mi horario no es normal
Big anti-war protest in downtown SF, I'm guessing this is the return of the anti-war left.
quisiera estar contigo una noche masss
Its i like smoking weed i like getting fly*** u fucking idiot
\": no you just put the dots like I was weird or something\" well...
Acho que vou no pier tomar um cafe com chocolate
Will I regret taking the Oreo package to my room? Yes\n\nAm I still going to do it? ...Yes
Really wanna do something wild but no ones wit it
You got your hair pulled back, and your sunglasses on babyyyyy
Doing me, and only God can judge...
I don't understand how Casey falls asleep so fast
Bittersweet memories That is all I'm taking with me....
Always pack a water pistol; you never know when you may need to commit suicide by cop.
I feel better because the women next to me is drunk and just drunk called her boss and cussed him out
i sat on the ground wet in my white bathing suit and it looks like pooped my pants cool
I hope I get hired! Cross my fingers
It gets me tight when people think its okay to just open my snapchat
I get that people can make you upset but there comes a point where you gotta grow up and get over it instead of being a baby about it!
Someone just asked if me and brianne are twins...no mam, we're 5 years apart
\"New York's charms is that you're surrounded by things you can have\" \"New York's charms is that it makes you think you can have them\"
This game may never end. Spanakopita con Pollo.
Known fact: if you change out the interior lighting for LED lighting, you can direct more power towards things that matter. Horsepower.
I'm probably the only person who actually enjoys doing laundry
I want to watch my sisters keeper but not alone the struggle sucks
Ranty, Jayme, Michelle. Whyyyyyy?? Wala ng mature, PBB Teen Edition nlang
KRHV 221447Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 16\/10 A2995
my mom gets mad when you say my name in english lmao
So the cup of coffee I'm sipping is telling me I have way more than 4 cents. In fact, I have enough money for the world in my closet.
Every river runs out, so fish that shit up while you can
Actions prove who someone is and words prove who someone wants to be
scores!!! The next 7 minutes could be interesting.
I live on the corner of Grey Street and the end of the world.
\": You're all i need :)\"&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ice cream
That segment was a pool of crap.
Burrito &amp; Chardonnay in bed is happening rn
Just one more thing to add to the list of things that are wrong with it
Scored too early!
32in Flatscreen for the dorm on deck.
It feels to catch up sometimes.
i feel like if anyone ever saw the snapchats me and my big send to each other theyd think we have mental issues
Why are people liking my photo of my room on Instagram lol
Fuck I really need a car. Aka I need to get my license first
I rather argue with you than to be with someone else
Why am I crying at the end of Thelma and Louise
Swimming with Sammy &amp; Justine
These monday beach hits wear me out
lots of hemming out there, lots of hawing
Hi my name is, \"whatever you call me\"
We got Gwen a friend and now they won't shut the hell up.
I got 99 problems, but you won't be one, like what?
777- you should have put 666 cuz ur satan
Ppl who purposely try to get under your skin &lt;
Bleach before I head out to the airport
So anxious about my first day of work.
\"When it comes your time to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with the fear of death, ...
Elected to Provisional Membership as an Elder in the CA-NV annual conference of the UMC!
10 RTs &amp; I will be on younow faster then you can imagine.
Kathy read something on Twitter and I had to act it out for her to understand it
\": GASP! RT : \": Its probably like 4 bitches I know that I wouldn't call a bitch\" but you just ..nvm\" lmao
The worst things always seem to happen to the best people
Came home to like 10 12 year olds in my back yard da fuck
I think, if it helps you stay organized, talking to yourself is perfectly ok. ;)
I go pee when I don't even have to go pee
I need to be inspired by freedom and love
Mi prima tiene un oso masq grande que ella, mimuerodelaenvidia):
Tonton Sam mpap ka edew fete endepandans lan nn jodi a, men map edew manje barbecue a.... Lollll
We keep approaching this thing like are capable of following the rules, and they do not. They've got to go.
Going back into town for 4th of July!
This lady sitting across from me is eating her burrito with a fork......
Drunk off my ass on homemade italian wine.
today joe called me an adorable little pizza fairy
I need a cold beer rn
I wish I could sleep forever
San Francisco fans well represented at
Can't wait to watch my son get drafted someday
\": Follow my inner asshole or listen to the nice guy inside of me?\" Follow the nice guy but be true to yourself
Just saw the creepy guy from my Chinese class at ranch 99......... Fork
Its amazing how when your on top of the world how close you can feel to the ground...
Why do I get the feeling Vancouver will trade this pick
As long as you know that when I land you're mine
Rule: never let them change you.
So whos down to watch the Greece game at Omonia tomorrow?
They are booing the Shit out of the NHL commish
Satan: welcome Steven! \n\nSteven Tyler: WHAT THE FUCK! I MAKE MUSIC, PEOPLE LOVE ME!\n\nSatan: Srgt Peppers Steven,........Srgt Peppers.
do guys have to wear the See's Candy outfit too or nah? ?
I just really want a Venture Brothers fighting game to happen is all.
These bug bites are making it impossible for me to fall asleep right now..
BRING OUT THE TAPE
What is going on, Possess the fucking ball
men esitmekden yoruldum bu camaat wats rong wiz yu demekten yorulmadi.
the people I've done the most for wont be there during one of the hardest times of my life.
If this # calls me again it'll be the first person on my blocked list.
Re: Enterprise SaaS\n\nLong term value \/ Customer acquisition cost should be &gt; 5x\n\nRetention trumps growth; nice to get both
Ab-Soul's Outro Interlude on Kendrick Lamar's \"Section.80\" is great.\n\nBut Kendrick Lamar's Interlude on Ab-Soul's \"These Days\" is greatness.
I will not get pissed off. I will not get pissed off. I will not get pissed off. I will not get pissed off. I lied. I'm fucking pissed off.
I seriously blame my parents for all my anger issues.
I like this rain but I'm not tryna be in all night.
I'm the wrong person to piss off
Let Me Stop Stressing &amp; Let It Be. If He Treats Her Better Then Aye, I'm Glad She's Happy. Time To Focus On Myself.
I'm done caring about ppl...your no longer worth my time nor attention.
My followers are boring af don't now...
Darnell McDonald sitting in the stands? I know he's hurt but should he be dressed and on the bench? Hanging w executive owner...
I can't stop watching orange is the new black asdfghjkl
It's crazy how fast your life can be taken away
I need some of in my life!! Miss ya lotzzzz
I hate the Red Sox team all together but Big Papi pisses me off more than any human being ever
Will you still love me when I'm not longer young and beautiful?
are batting Seth Smith 3rd. Brings me back to the Molina days.
fuk mi to that song I just made
Everynight its the same shit, but it aint the samee
Honestly being an OL was one of the most shaping things I've ever done
Awwww poor D-Wade. beattheheat
Vamos Costa Rica. A dar el resto. Dios ayuda ese sacrificio.
A big happy birthday to
Great job ! First mens championship in any sport for Vanderbilt!
Life is similar everywhere..only the lifestyle and opportunity differs!!!
I am literally addicted to buying lingerie. I need my money taken away from me so I can stop all this nonsense. Help.
maybe someone wants to see some gundams?\n\nI made em
My favorite words...\"Sabotage is back in season\"
Can I be on The Price Is Right?
How the hell do creepy ass people who are not students get on the loop?!
When told me she loved me last night&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; thats still my nigga
Always remember, los hombres no son de nadie !!
Since when are their soo many spurs fans??
he is having an existential crisis, so he's doing the logical thing - making mashed potatoes at midnight.
I GUESS YOU GUYS LIKE THESE PICTURES HAHA
Listening to these kids talk about how they recently discovered nicks crispy tacos is painful
Sick of circling the same road
I feel the the most peaceful people are the spiritual ones .. I need to get to that level
The A's catcher is writing in pain on the ground. BECAUSE SOMEONE HIT HIM IN THE HEAD WITH A BAT. A friggin bat. You see that, soccer guy?
De nuevo esta hija de puta me desperto
Jesus didn't take the wheel today.....\n
This lucky nigga joe got out of work 10 mins after getting there
This year has literally been the best and the absolute worst. Tomorrow more results and hopefully progress. Positivity in, negativity out.
Watching . Why in the world would I want a 4D movie experience? It'll prob cost more and the movies are already $$
Fucking sucks that I can't control my anger. I'm too big and too big of a threat to the people around me when I black out.
why dont u keep unfollowing me and refollowing me holy shit
This CheeseBurg &amp; seasons fries is gonna be so bomb, a head might just have to shed a few tears.
Girl why you fucking with a nigga that don't wear shorts in the summer time
why are we stupid enough to care\/give anything for people who dont care\/wouldnt do shit for us....idgi
Never had bourbon before. Bout to change that right now.
He's now complaining about \"too many bad people\" on \"party jobs... vomiting in the car.\"
I'm scared to check my bank account balance ....
Show me you don't give one fuck &amp; I'll show you I don't give two.
I could've rubbed some booty today but, I haven't been feeling well. What a shame.
He thinks I'm playing. I will chop his dick off if he does anything stupid .
An their aint no need to cry
Jelousy is a bitch trait man...if im your friend you shouldnt want the worse to happen to me. When ur team is winning thats when you win too
If you think it will take you X to move, plan on it being 2X. Thank you for the massive help. I.O.U.
like I'm not against Lana but I can't listen to her music without getting sad I'm not feelig her music
After a LONG day it's a joy to lay down for a good night sleep!
They finally prove everyone wrong but instead 'everyone' spend their low life's in making fun of everyone with joy.
i figured out how to get rid of these people
Welcome to the islanders michael dal colle
Around about 4 ya gotta clear the lobby, then take her to your room and f*** somebody
Nicole literally just uploaded her whole tit
Excuse me as I kiss the sky, catch me when I fall I'm too young to die
Ty dolla $ign on yg's \"sorry momma\" vocals is crazy , really touches your soul
And equalize the score! What a brilliant goal! The goalkeeper didn't even budge from his spot!
Can we get a good cross please
Holy crap was SO good I forgot there was a game on.
mira yo quiero hablar contigo algo en serioo .
Love that my neighbors are Mexican takes me back to my childhood, the yelling the smell of tortillas burning and loud ass TV with novelas on
\"Guys can I tell you guys a secret? I think I'm locked out. I'm just kidding but I'm serious\" omg
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: MACKENZIE GRABBED MY BALLBUTTSKIN AT CATS TD
Don't it always seem to go you don't know what you got till it's gone
Little Mixers Little Mix
Wow didn't even get a chance to get to know me, oh well.
hating is when you're being a bitch to someone just bc you're jealous of them. I am not jealous of you at all. why would I want to be you?
She a fakeii
- Sorry for the spam guys -
How is YouTube famous even a thing bruh
yo stop playing with this rain shit b tu te pasa loco
Italy won Germany Won, if USA wins all my nationalities got a win
She a 3 plus 7 that's a dime
Martin Kaymer, marry me.
Seriously someone come be my workout buddy so we can both be hot af after summer
There are too many dead animals on the road tonight, almost got into an accident dodging the dead dog on hamner..
Last thing I ate was at 11 AM...
is such a lil cutie
Awwwwww I've always liked Ryan Sweeney!
Tomorrow is July 1st..... This summer is already flying by
\": anytime ....ANYWHERE!!!!! Lmao\" LMFAO
hangin' with tha killers and tha projects
Well that took longer than expected....
Irritated as fuck!!
Hope Derek Jeter has a happy 40th birthday. Me, I'm going to retire and go shopping for wheelchairs. After a long nap.
CHANGE YOUR PASSWORD!! It looks like you've been hacked, .
Nice - The Thin Red Line is on right now
Yung net 54mbps pero 4mbps lang ang natatanggap ko, ano AT&amp;T nasa pinas pa ba ako? hahahaha turtle net
The amount of times I've seen \"Goal\" on my timeline should be a record
I feel like I'm gonna start senior year tomorrow
Good way to start
It's always the haters or broke ass niggas living check to check talking bout \"no flex zone\" cause you can't do it!!
A lil soda on the work keep the extras coming , 20 dollars to the bums keep the blessings coming
i know who jennas talking about and its definately not me
I'm ok with Dal Colle. Garth still has time to do more in Free Agency
The mediocre KNOW they have to work hard. And they normally win. The talented don't think they have to. That's the problem.
Just finding out now i had mono a week ago..
Happy Birthday America ... Have a safe and happy holiday everyone!
I'm bout to save my beard hella clean and what not lol
What's funny is I'm all alone right now. Hahhahahahha
Or when twitter is trending about a show I might tune in here and there
2 things from my past pop up today. Both coexisted together. Thinking fondly of those times and when life was simpler.
I want a refund in my phone bill now!
If you aren't my family or someone I'm close friends with, just know I hate you.
Ronaldo is having a howler of a night..
there really are good men out there who knew
4th of July used to be the best dayy ever when my dad was around
First time in history I'm awake before my brother. I'm goin to be Loud and obnoxious like he always is when I'm sleeping!
You know you're single when your mom is trying to convince you to audition for the bachelorette...... lmfao
my little brother and his online minecraft best friend from new jersey are about to meet for the first time omg &lt;3
How excited am I about at this Friday!!!! Mmmm... toast.
Don't know why but since I got this new cat the litter box REAKS I cannot stand it
Thank you San Antonio for kicking the shit out of the Heat. I'm pretty sure if they won three straight ESPN would forget the World Cup
Drink the jack with the coke and not just the jack
I know you wanna feel so baby keep it real
I am stressed out lately and it's because I have no outlet. I miss cheering more then anything. So lucky I ended my career 4th in the world
My cousin and her man blowing mine cuffing ass niggas
Germany V France is going to be epic
My boy luc bah al muhte on the come up next year watch out
Could've figured it was gonna be a repeat of last year
If you haven't seen friday\/friday after next\/next friday we're no longer friends
I hate going from talking to someone everyday to barely ever talking to them
Lisa Loeb's \"Stay (I Missed You)\" is the song of every generation. It's a timeless classic and did it justice.
And I can't hit up someone who reads my message and doesn't respond -__-
24 hours until London. LET'S GO!
Shall I stress eat or stress drink...hmm
y'all shouldn't even be in Mexico anyway.
How bout Lebron fans quit cryin about how he has no help and give the spurs credit for playin GREAT DEFENSE! Tf?
Gonna be one with the beach today and turn into sand and water
i feel like drake is somewhere in Houston, reading poetry, sipping red wine + gazing at the sunset
If someone doesn't respond to me I always feel like they are mad at me and I keep overthinking everything and wonder what I could have done
Girls claim they're so over their ex yet everything they post is about how he downgraded, his new hoes ugly and shes getting better dick now
If it's a Psychedelic count me in!
Pues nada :) casi me voy
Ohhhhh look at the curve on that one
You never see it coming you just get to see it go
Bout to throw some mini crab cakes in the oven tho turn up
100% on a practice exam means I can stop studying right
I hate when people ask what I wanna do when I get out of highschool bc I absolutely have no idea
My first time in Ed Sullivan too. Man, Fallon, you got it REAL good.
I want my cake and I wanna eat it, too.
I don't understand how some girls my age don't have a job and depend on their mom or dad , I was never the type to ever depend on my parents
Forth of July next week can't wait to party with my family
Power lunch for the 4 th EH
Every Verizon user going crazy over no service just shows you what kind of world we live in
NBA Draft tomorrow! Can't wait to see what happens. Cavaliers will probably once again surprise and disappoint their fans now 3 yrs in a row
Sometimes I really think people can read my mind bc they look at me as if I offended them..
I leave in like 5 hours and I still haven't finished packing
I really just ate a cupcake for breakfast
Especially if I didn't like you
\": i feel honored and btw we just blew up Twitter\"
No hay nada malo malo , en darle calor calor 8'
This can't be real wtf is going on
My mom just told Nataly she would \"switch teams\" for her mom
I'm so sleepy and moody right now.
Its Wondo time.
Pretty sure Kira thinks I'm a horrible person hahaha
I hate it when people freaking screw my friends over. No. Just no. NOT OKAY.
I hate a bitch\/nigga that thinks their top shit &amp; above everyone !
Blast that music when parents argue and start throwing plates.
Maybe the pool will close early today!!!!
Out of 7 because on average I'm probably more pleased to be here than you
We should take a walk someday dream about what we could've been
Yo Gone Home doesn't have any achievements? But I got a perfect score and my k\/d ratio is tremendous!
Oh well thank you :) &amp; I hope your enjoying your vacation!
This boot camp class is kicking my ass
It's so weird having someone pump your gas for you now that I'm used to doing it myself
WTF!!! Targeta amarilla !??!
I'm not a vegetarian but I really like fake meat.
Just in case you were in the toilet and didn't feel the thunder clap of U*S*A chants, yes, it's 1-1
Someone please make Ronaldo cry. AGAIN.
Delivering to the st johns gym is the shitttttt
I go by myself bcus no one limits me haha
Anddddddd currently lying in bed overrating cheese it's.
Good luck to the USA soccer team as they play Germany today. A win or tie they advance to the sweet 16.
cigarettes remind me of my grandmother
Anyone who has read mine and 's conversations, knows my crazy side.....
ill tell ya polanco has better attitude than puig. he doesnt make dumb mistakes
Hung out with nudists and ate sushi.
Dormi e acordei morando numa casinha vitoriana do lado da Alamo Square, a vida finalmente devolveu minhas fantasias
MY TANLINES ARE BACK
Nick cannon just gave her the best advice ever cause he never listened
Till we get it right we gon fuck some more
It's not a complete day without an obnoxious serving of ice cream
Modern Family at Eagle Lake! Hi Stephan!
put your hands in the air if you're loving tonight
Jus got home goood Saturday on 114th den to end it in dyckman
Follow me on following back new followers:))))
Lets see how well epic promotes 5h
I remember you well\nin the Chelsea hotel
He gave up the holy scarf....
DEAR MR. CHOPRA, ALL OF YOU HAVE SEEN AND HEARD SING,ACT,DANCE SHOW UP AT THE RIGHT TIME. CAST OUT DEVILS.
Debora need a Colombian man and I need a Colombian girl .... Reason why we are Bestfriend
Driving Tip From a ? : when all lanes R stopped on FWY use the Median!
Come on Portugal
lw happy to go to modesto today, I miss everyone.
Derek know exactly how to get to Ahsha's heart...
I really wish I could sleep
We could've used you , but we survived: Hope TA'ing went well the other weekend!\"
What's the over\/under on how many years until WWE puts the shield back together to take out another young, dominate faction?
So now employers can choose whether or not they want to cover birth control? Talk about regression...
Hell yea that's what I'm talkin about
You think you know but you have no idea!
the older you get, the more complicated life gets
This Wall-e and Eve moment is so cute
Someone screenshot my acc please wanna know if it updated yet
Calm down shiit
No te burles :c Estoy malita
Chris Brown the only nigga that go to jail &amp; gain weight while everybody else be losing it. He must have been eating good
I assume Suarez is gonna take Sanchez's spot on the wing?
I want my shelby already right after I graduate
Lose the argument, not the person.
Messi is so hype right now!
by saying nothing , I'm saying everything. you should know that
I have so many memories in the city from childhood. Nostalgia hit me hard once we crossed the bridge.
If you haven't tried the Chipotle salad dressing (on your burrito) yet, you're missing out.
YES I AM COPSE TO TEARS
My job gets more and more poppin every day
Why is it Thursday already. Too fat, summer, too fast.
Adidas is gonna have the biggest name in basketball after Kobe, LeBron, and a few more guys retire in the next several years
Nossa ai a pessoa vai dormir sem ao menos te dar um tchau , e eu to bolada com isso mais ok ne
Short road trip right quick loo
This is stressful!!
Had a fantastic night gala. Met Judy Turner aka Trish Garland. Living for it!
won't catch me watching a wnba game just yet, but Skylar Diggins might look even better while she's hooping.. And she does play at 7..
Who puts pound cake on a grill? Smh! Today is a day for just hot dogs and burgers on the grill. .
Some guy was wearing spandex coming out of the gym and brian thought it was a girl and said \"look at that babygirls ass\" omfg
My mother \"your name is little bitch big booty\"
You never know until you take that chance
Graham Zusi and can it... who am i kidding the entire can get it.
Red Hot Chili Peppers to end the night
In 30mins I'll be beginning my 6 hours on my feet smh
Our military is tired and our quotas are not on target and one day the shit will hit the fan.
Holy shit after earth was so good
Nobody gives a crap about LeBron James.
girls wanna get finger banged but dont wanna touch dongs smh
Out of sight out of mind
If I really get to see Julian (which I'm almost positive will happen) I'm getting there early for front row
I'm just really happy that I got to see my sister, brother-in-law, and baby nephew for the split second I was in Fresno today
I guess everyone miss the giant sign I put in the break room to wear jeans and\/or something red white &amp; blue today.
I know you love me I am loving you more
Navas has to take casillas crown.
so excited to have off tomorrow and go to the beach
How tf a fight gon pop off The cemitary
0 - 3 hunnit hit the switch nigga
I feel like the Supreme Court is just picking decisions out of a hat. This is the same court that overturned DOMA.
Howard. Love that guy.
I wouldn't be the man i am today without fried foods and stovetop stuffing
I've never been so gay in my life
In the end, life fucks us all
Hahaha RT\": Supporting because I went to the US embassy and didn't get my visa.....\"
BAE HANGS I MISSED JULIA AND TALIA SO MUCH
I said it must beeee\nCause a nigga got gold
Hard being friends with someone you once had feelings for........
What a fucking goal!!!
Watched the clip of Andy Gibb's guest star appearance on Punky Brewster!! Made me cry. ;(
I leave in 5 days and have nothing together. I'm so screwed
Happy 4th of July America!!the best country in the world!!
I cant find any channel.. I guess im not gonna watch it smh
But mom what do you mean I'm not allowed to drink energy drinks? All the cool kids are doing it!
You gone trip whenever I talk to you ..
Jalen Adams to UConn!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GO
I need to slide thru and come rub my back that's all a nigga want right now
I plan on not remembering my name tonight
YOU'RE A HO-HO ACTING LIKE A DING DONG
Random Thought: does anyone sit on their couch at home and eat peanuts in the shell? Seems to me that could get awful messy
everyone looks better with a tan
I will never regret getting into kpop through YG and his artists, he just showed what a true CEO is suppose to do.
Yea the $1 rib eye steak from dollar tree sure sounds appetizing!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost.
Apple TV doesn't automatically play next episode. Apple TV doesn't always get me.
Its not even juniors that made CV snack is all the seniors
Getting paid is a great feeling
will sell soul to the devil for The 1975 tickets
Beautiful day to do something what's upppppp
I want it to stay June forever
Wayne gets on my nerves I hate him
Woke up for work in a crappy mood need this day to be over already need to get outta ny already
how am I supposed to reply to messages like that
What is sleep when trying to wake up at 8 every morning
My pops gf be so annoying i just wanna smack her
\": oh really haha ?\" lmao yeah but you with kemba
I don't care what you do with your life or who you talk too. But the fact that you hide and keep things from me and lie? No fuck that shit
They will look up into the sky and shout what is the best comic book movie of all time? And I'll whisper \n\n
....I mean who the hell knows what the street addr. is for those bldgs? I have him street and cross street &amp; he was still lost.
So em days pani gwen is big artist lol
For Tonight's X club i've party....DM me ;)
Run tomorrow 8 am @ the school, any takers?
Proud to have had jump off stage and land on my head
Naturally I have orientation all day on the nicest day of the week
Don't fucking text me tomorrow because you're literally D u m b
Veronica is a little smart ass that dances everywhere she goes.
FOLLOW ME ON MY NEW IG : auty.1
HOLY SHIT IT FEELS WEIRD TO LICK MY LIPS BECAUSE THE PIERCING MOVES AROUND it feels weird ughhh
I have been procrastinating this blog post and at this rate I probably won't be done til next year
Whenever I go away I want nothing more to come home, then I get home and do absolutely nothing
Ayy sunburn lmao
Lmao Leborn is going listening drake song , hold on we are going home
And stop wearing camo hats you dumb bitch.
I don't think I'll ever be able to call my life \"good\"
This morning workout isnt going to go well with my mood. Lol
I feel like shit just want it to be tomorrow
Jason better not call me at like 2 am , talking about \"I'm about to call you back\"
I gotta take the garbage out, I never take the garbage out. This is torture
Where the parties and.plans!!!!!! Now that im back home omg i want to go somewhere
We need a new champion for a while
12 till YouNow starts excited and buying his single
clothes are not required for what we got planned
who wants to die dye with me this weekend
Trying so hard to hold in my pee. \nNo lie, my bladder gon explode, in my car. Fucj it, I never sit in the back
Sometimes its worth taking the risk
USA USA USA FUCK YEAH MERICA
Those family dinners were such a swell idea. It's working out so well.
Can't wait to go home, and crash out!
I need a woman who can weather whatever weather.
Everywhere we go we leave a worldwide mess
You look so dumb right now.
Ready for the chat to begin!
LET FREEDOM RING
You should let me love you. Let me be the one to give you everything you want and need.
I want a BBQ chicken grinder from Weidelles now.
Live to your standards not others
September 5th I'm going to go get my 1st tattoo :)
If it says I watched your snap story, I promise I didn't.
If you ain't writing checks,puttin' niggas in place, have uh plan for the crew, you ain't uh Boss
yea im real emotional , blame it on your mental jokes ..
I need a nap from all the World Cup excitement, omg.
Kobe and Jordan would never pass da ball right now they would put da team on they back for the win !!
That shower after that intense workout was fucking great
My puns are so bad I need to go to sleep
I'm just trying to make the varsity team this year but I don't know if I can...
Sorry I doubted you ! You did it.
I want a rainy day tomorrow so I can stay in and not feel bad about it.
Staten island mall might be a must this weekend
Why pregnant ppl saying they a virgin ... Yo name ain't marry
I'm fully convinced dc comics are better than manga
Let's make this year a good one!
the sun blisters covering my lips make me want to beat a baby with a cactus
your bitch ass: mrs can i use the bathroom?\nteacher when you was 8: idk CAN you?
Thats why its subtweeting you dont have to @ them!
What a love scandal! My characters in my show kiss
My cousin left me a nice bowl for myself. Thank you based god.!!
I think I'm getting. Drunkish smh
Same old situation, same old loss of words
I still hear things scream in my dreams
That goal look like the USA was practicing lol it was too easy
And you wonder why people talk shit lol
Chris Rock ain't fuckin funny... Ima keep saying that.
new pajama shorts make me happy
don't watch soccer... but imma watch this game
HORROR MOVIE! Last Congress \/Presentation Shutdown government cost $24 billion Benghazi useless probe NOTHING DONE!
Slowly coming back to my normal mile pace
So that was it for the
It is seriously fucking annoying when the internet in your own home is never working
Nothing annoys me more than when someone expects you to be okay with something that they wouldn't be okay with if you did it.
Puppy and I did a legit celebration in the living room after that one. He seemed to like it.
Costa Rica's population is gonna double in 9 months
My ex is lucky I didn't know about this before lol
How do we best care for the increasing number of pediatric cancer survivors? Our \"Survivors Clinic\" is featured tonight on
Then again I stopped partying altogether fuck I'm so dormant now xD
I like the thought of you more than I like your presence
I miss my drum line babies ....
Grow up my mans for reall
can all the people I don't like move
After seeing you naked, I no longer think I'm a fan of you...
episode 8: is this the deathday episode? i forget but jigens in it\nepisodes 9: that one where jigen is really gay
iCarly theme song is stuck in my head fml
Holy shit the kids I work with are fucked up
Today from marries his best friend - please join us in saying congratulations to these guys!
Emma's taking my Rita's virginity tonight I'm excited
Real didn't recognize real til fake showed up
It will be killer!! Get the 5-0 out here!! Lol
That itch I can't scratch lol
baby lets face it, I'm not into dating
I guess I'll have to accept the fact that my sleep schedule will forever be fucked
Even when the road is hard never give up.
I hate when you forget your sunburned and gou itch it hard and it stings ):
And I know im not suppose to judge a book by its cover
I don't even know why Asha is still mad at her mom, it's not that serious!!
I have a love\/ hate for this day
Playing with Eder and Nani right now we are playing with minus 2.
I am probably more attached to my cat than I am to any human and I am totally okay with that
Was that a box cutter , lol oh shit
Astro is so tight holy shit
Girls have been getting mad at me lately for the smallest things. Lol goodness.
Today is one of the best days of soccer I've seen in a while .. Germany vs France .. COLOMBIA vs Brazil .. Amazing love this month!!
I broke my home button and I'm probs gone cry.
and i can't help but think that possibly \nthere's possibilities..
My bed is the most addicting thing ever
i can't wait for nutella culture to end
Lil Wayne is played out to me
Nani looks like Carlton from Fresh Prince
I have to reach my own standards, your opinion is irrelevant
I don't depend on NOBODY for my happiness or necessities but my parents
Naomi not my mans no more
Big tit TAMMY
Id rather just sit at home n jerk it
Every woman likes a little trouble.
I don't want to practice on my own hair because if I burn it which I prolly will I'll have to cut my hair awkwardly.
Shower beer is the best beer.
The has convinced me to watch more .
A burrito sounds good i should go make dat movie
LMAOO. Joey Fatts really trippin on shrooms right now.
When can I leave this place
My dad saying my whole government like its not gunna make me get up from this sofa any faster..
WTF IS WITH THE PORN SHIT ON MY TL.
Rain always makes me sleepy.. It's so relaxing
You rarely get outhit, 15-6, and win. a win away from title.
There's literally people who say I'm not a man or a woman I'm a domestic cat
LETS GO, came back from 1-0 losein first half to a win 2-1. equalizer goal by me and winning goal by our striker alizer aka david luiz.
All I really want is YOU!
Sitting on my couch in a bra eating Chinese food. I'm gross.
Your name like ice into my heart
I need something to dooo today
Sip codeine just to ease my mind.
Ep. 3 is done and it's 30 minutes. Sorry\/not sorry. Eta July 3rd
In a relationship Girls care more about the social media ... Instead of their own relationship
Woke up early just to finish an essay due at 9:30am.... Only to have another due tomorrow at the same time LOL... Fuck summer school....
I just need a bad ass girl
One day sleep will come easier
That was fuckin pretty!!!
Has anyone went to broad street bottles and cans?!
I wasn't looking, but I stumbled onto you, must've been faith.
Solid 3 hours of sleep greattttttt
until Lagaers gets that DL rust off he should bat lower
Ide honestly rather burn to death.
You got all the new Jordan's but starve when you get home
I guess your not perfect. Your just perfect in my eyes.
Can't catch a breakkkkkkk
How we doin boss sittin in a jeep in a hole on reed waitin for a tow budd
I never changed, I just see shit differently now..
Information is like an unspoken corrupt currency of ours, information also greatly influences the shaping of our beings.
The line \"why are you getting so offended its not that serious its the internet\" IS SO STUPID HOW DOES IT BEING THE INTERNET RELATE
CUTE BOYS AT THE BEACH. HMU
Just had my first one-on-one boxing training sesh. Butt kicked. So much fun.
Buy me the next plane ticket to Florida please so I can gtfo of Rochester for the rest of the summer
He got ball!!
I know, but that prick hurts and I have to let 5 people prick me and fill up 3 tubes each !
I can't wait to get our tour pup.
looking forward to booking Miami + therefore no longer being dep \/
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby just decided by SCOTUS. The decision is not a good sign. I think that Robert's Court is as bad as Rehnquist.
Guys.... Guys... I just remembered law and order SVU is on Netflix.... There it goes. My life. Right out the window...
Isn't crazy , the boy you want shows no feelings but the boy don't want shows it all ? ..
Reading about Canada's anti-spam law taking effect 7\/1. Well done, Canada. Wish every country would follow suit.
Our love wasn't perfect, it was real and flawed, raw and intense, and something that only comes once in a lifetime
I love this song called \"Nintendo\" by !!!! Do you think you can play it? Please!!!!
It's like no matter how many times you vent to someone they will fail to realize the effort you're doing
\"What you eat don't make me shit\"?
is it just me or are Rihanna and Neymar separated at birth?
The MVP of today's episode was Marlena. Preach the truth! Toxic from the start and will be till the bitter end.
I think quiet people are passed by because people don't like breaking down their walls, but they are some of the best people to talk to.
Feeling when your day is over and you take your bra off &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I just ran into me door because I thought it wasn't fully closed, that's how tired I am
2\/2 She just had flight that was the lotus notes of flights. What do u think, can this become a thing or is this the lotus notes of tweets?
you b fuckin with some thotties lol
Is there a point to having TVs at a gas station?
I wish I was jhene aiko she's so baaaad
Honestly like 90% of the time I'm pissed off
Suit &amp; tie for my bday, and in the most fancy restaurant in New York .... With my boss...
LOL, Cristiano Ronaldo.
Disappearing for a while. Later skaters.
I wish the 26lbs I lost for wrestling just stayed off and didn't come back
i feel sorry for the next girl
ITS GOING TO BE LIKE 5 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME
also one of the oldest genres
First day at the new job. I wonder what the students and instructors are like. It's nerve-wracking and exciting at the same time, lol.
Knicks gonna be so trash this year, just watch....
I wish I had courage to say what I wanna say without fear of judgements or anything else
Hate it when you can fall back to sleep
Itsss fucked up when ppl take forever to pay uo
Yo lm going to get back at you
I'm just a notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song.
Nothing like that sound of that HX 35 screaming!
Wonder how many Spurs fan are gonna appear tomorrow?
How many unsucessful things will Melissa McCarthy do before she just stopes
Once The Musical is happy to be in SF celebrating Pride!!!
Somebody stole my car radio and now I just sit in silence
S\/o to all the moms that raised they kids without a father
This Cubs pitcher is terrible! Yet why is he baffling our line up??
I dont feel yall but i feel myself
I guess Juan Martinez comes in 2nd
Complete strangers are asking how Joe and I work as a \"unit\" as Yankee and Red Sox fans
My timeline just exploded.
I will not make the same mistakes that you did
Heather Dubrows true colors are showing this season
I have love-hate feelings about Philadelphia sports fans
Ugh why am I not on one right now?
All I see rightnow is subs
My mom took my pot
I'm bored af
Thiakh la drgg
can I just shoot myself honestly
9xs outta 10 a nigga gon do him regardless!!
Have to start bring my notebooks with me to work...write on my lunch break
MY MOMS TALKING ABOUT BUTT SEX
Johnston is currently breaking down \"compensation packages\", which includes all-in costs (healthcare, vaca time, cash wage).
If you grab my face while were kissing I'll pass out js
I miss talking to oomf but wateves .
I don't even drink tea but, that picture lmfaooo
The only honest and true things in this life are ,, children smiles,, mothers love,, fathers care &amp; the Love of God ,, they can't be fake
f it, i'm going to wear a niqab and just do my eyeliner
Why am I awake right now..
Omg she called me a mother fuckin bitch Ass hoe
\"sometimes you gotta draw the line between god and hygiene\" -
How come you ruin everything... You fuck everything up. And you continuously fuck up with me. Like I'm so done. I give up
Rain can't stop the tap backs. Rode out a 402 in 's Sag Harbor this morning. Next up: a beer and grilling in the rain.
Racism and institutions of racism are alive and well, but no one hates black people more than other black people.
duit byk pada org. dye punya berkira mcm aku guna ip5s je -.-
We Like Her And We Like Her Too
Meet some awesome people in the industry during .
XB1 TS. Invite ShotFreak.
I just think that before I has kids somebody should have told me they'd ALWAYS be around.
When you try to help someone out and they turn on you &lt;&lt;&lt;
I miss NYC and Chicago
Just walked by people making out on the sidewalk. Kinda jells
Erin just accidentally blasted lip gloss next to sleeping Amish
Coach said I am faster, skinnier, and healthier than I was a year ago!!
A very special visitor from the east is arriving tomorrow.
Money is the anthem, god you're so handsome, money is the anthem of success
\": I'd like to rt this about 100 times.\" That's why I'm marrying you. Lmao
Put your hands to the constellations\nThey way you look should be a sin you my sensation
what You mean Cis its Big
GOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLL MESSI ARGENTINA!!!! que buenoooooo pense que iban a perder regresa la fe !!
My sales tactic is passing out 2 &amp; 3 X T-shirts to fat fucks at town garages today
The last place I like to find myself is finishing a cigarette alone outside the van ness muni station at night lol
I would be totally happy skipping tomorrow. Just want to be in OH with to see the best band in all the landdddd.
Everyone needs to stop riding Luke
I'd rather get spit in the eye than a two-sided smile
Which team did stand out so far as having a really solid defense?
Everybody loves a parade!
fannys gonna get hit
The only thing I'm excited for on graduation day are getting my KD 6 BHM sneakers
Time and a half is the only reason I am on the way to work right now
Watching Teen Wolf w\/ my lil sister
mom wtf are you reading ?
Does it almost feel like nothing changed at all
Suicidal rn bc I don't live in England
Nada mas vino a prender el boiler.
I find it funny that said based on my listening I'd like . I listen to all the good atheist shows and he's quoting god
Idc if I have a black eye I'm still going out tonight
My mom is like the chillest sister from all my aunts. They be trippin too damm much on my cousins for the smallest shit
Goal number 2!!!
Wings N Things sounds so good
bc you clearly don't appreciate it. and I understand, I fucked you over. I'm a shitty person
HOLY FUCKING SHOT
Just cause you cant see it doesnt mean its not there
Fuck a Messi!!
I'm honestly happier not in one.
after a motivating meeting with and an inspiring walk through sunny Soho and lower east Side
I've destroyed a lot of clothes with knives :)
Tickets to Alcatraz now sell out weeks in advance. Went there years ago and got tickets the same day. Times change so be aware.
Wow congrats to
I just want to find a really great book to read , I need a distraction from my head for a little while.
Get up and shake your napkin.
\"We should go to Taco Bell some time\"
The turn down get no love
Last night I made our uber driver pull up next to my boyfriend, handed him my phone out of the car &amp; said put your number in...
Lionel Messi scores in 65th minute, giving Argentina 2-0 lead over Bosnia; on ESPN, WatchESPN app
hoje nem falei com o Caio ainda
I seriously don't know what to do right now
The humidity here is so disgusting
Imma need Kiara to shut the hell up and get off my TL
\": Calling ever so I can hear his voicemail....\" That's the saddest thing ever.\n\"You have reached the sprint....\"
I plucked an eyelash out because it was unruly
what if i wanna be ur lover but i don't wanna get with ur friends? or what if i don't wanna be ur lover but i wanna get with ur friends
Ouch! Dempsey's shot to the face. Dempsey, meet shin.
If we live close to each other I'm gonna freak haha
I just want to go farrrrrrr away from everything and everybody!!!!!!
This crazy bitch said ( it ain't nothing to cut that dick off)
If someone would like to walk me through the World Cup game that is on right now in Champs that would be great because I'm completely lost
Sky screamer was so nice, Nitro and probably Green Lantern if im not feeling like a wuss lmao -Six Flags
My niece so cute I love her defending her uncle but he's a little hoe it's ok
\": I need new glasses ASAP\"
Who didn't know Mayberry was going to strike out after fouling off 15 pitches. Just bring Sizemore up what's he even in the minors for?
And all of you drinking Budweiser today, Remember that is not American beer...
Ghana got this game but....
damn b i wanna be home already
I wish that i could b Like the cool kids. All the cool kids they seem to fit in
I guess you like it when guys treat you bad
Idk which is more distracting the radio or the geese on the road
What is the harm anyway? People line up for a worthless piece of paper &amp; the disrespect of their gov't. That's Weds for gays
Can't ever make a joke around my sister she takes everything do serious and takes it up the butt. I feel bad for the guy she marries!
The roll call @ Yankee Stadium is the coolest shit ever
but honestly how can one ginger girl hook up with 8 guys in one night??? &amp; to think I was a slut smh
Just saw a guy running i think thats more of a dub.
1000 islands with the boys.
If you think small it's difficult to achieve big things in life
We live in an age with smart phones and stupid people
I dont even know wjat to think anymore
24 hrs in a day ain't shit in new york
Life would be great if I didn't live in such a fucked up household
Im shakin and I have no clue why
If you watch for Dylan Obrian only I hate you
Have work in the morning. Night y'all.
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it
This guy is driving his benz with the top down in this weather ..ok
People have some strange ways of showing how they feel.
If I miss three days I'm out of summer school... How gay lol
\": Fuck what you heard. Try asking me first.\"
I hate the things you said to me
Old high school principal: wow, your hair's red!... Yeah dude it is...
Hey faggot, I love you.
The struggle of deleting someone special's number
there's bouta be some real ass beef at this house
People are gonna make mistakes ,
I like the way his cigarette hangs lazily from his mouth.
Yeah those Polaris labs from sept that she promised to put into our grade , that never happened
Sad to say, I have 3-4 years of good basketball left in me.
I BELIEVE DEMPSEY!!!!!!!
I need to go to a pool tomorrow.
If its money over bitches, is it that hard to choose?
I am so over I mean seriously over her!!
It's just called American pride
Bitin na naman! Waaaaaaa!!!! Sana gawin na lang itong pelikulang tapusan! Hahaha!
Butterfly by Crazy Town.
I'm just gonna shut my phone off and then maybe I will have one day that i can relax
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x16
8) when found out he was Eskimo brothers with his future brother.
The things I do for ma boyss and my love turtle
My weekend &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; yours
Constantly wishing I had said something else..or nothing at all
\": Definitely gettin into something tonight lol...\" where its at?
Good morning fellow Twitterdonians...
Once rich gior set comes on my shuffle I have to finish it
I can't be a preacher cuz I wouldn't know how to practice what I preach but I feel like I need to actually know the whole bible &amp; understand
Soccer mom Sarah is my fave.
NBC running a native ad on TV for Universal Studios Orlando
People callin her ugly \": Why y'all hate Blue Ivy ??\"
I'm currently watching Friends in the pro shop; thought I would share that with y'all.
Shane you will be missed
This nigga was talking all that tough guy shit now I'm in jersey and he hiding.
FINDE ESPECTACULAR!! proximamente mas y mejor...
Very disturbed to see how one man can come in, ruin and exploit an organization that myself and others spent two years rebuilding.
But before we go home... Jack in the box
LISTENING TO MORNING JOE~ IF GEORGE BUSH WAS SCRUTINIZED THE WAY OBAMA GETS IT ~ WE WOULD NEVER HAVE GONE INTO IRAQ
You can't fight the feeling.
Cant wait for the brazil game, trying have some Heineken and good food on deck
I need to pack. Like asap
Dont even think this bus stopped in SunnyDale lmao
Keep your fucking mouth shut
After all my planning, I can't believe tomorrow is our 2014 Lake House trip! Ahhhhh so excited!
Clint Dempsey golden boy
Lets hope for a better day...yesterday was pretty shity
\" her vagina is a vending machine \"
I just wanna start my life already.... So sick of not knowing what the future holds
GOD BLESS YOUR SOUL SHAWN IM SO PROUD
When in doubt, I always go back to my roots. Chips and salsa for life
Weird craving for apples and peanut butter at 1 am??
From what I hear Encore beach club is still trying to figure out if is a busser or an ugly cocktail waitress
Ronaldo is slowly losing his reputation every time he touchs the ball
Anyone who tweets tiff bannister wants attention just as much as she does
\": I haven't heard of anything from lil wayne since dedication 5\" hopefully be never hear from him again
I hate long branch so much..
Sa sobrang bored ko, I asked my brother if does the moonlight shine on Paris after the sun goes down... =))
There's a thing that happens to me in NYC where the bartenders start giving me free drinks and I'm confused
I'm thinkin I loveeee the thought of you, more than I love ya presence.
La na talo na heat
\": WCW goes to the future of NRW golf \"
Welp there goes USA chances at anything
When things get tough, remind yourself that God loves you unconditionally simply because you exist as His creation.
Just saw fireflies for the first time in my life!
I was with Mariana last night and I already miss her hahahaha
Niggas will twitter rant until their thumbs go numb bout how much they hate thots...but will stay chasin em
Getting shit talked for not composting
BUT why didn't jack and rose take turns being on the door. Then the hypothermia would have set in slower for jack and he wouldn't have died
And that's a GOAL!
Accept what is, let go of what was, and have faith in what will be
I want to plau beer pong and eat hot dogs
My cousin just called himself and his friend little whores lol
I will soon all with a single from my album 914's Most Doubted which is soon dropping
READ YOUR BIBLE - would you be interested in reading through the entire Bible in 90 days? LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook Friends reply.
i see you dont listen. so why should i?
I have a lot going through twitter right now it's over whelming idk why
trains that bad huh? lemme stay put.
AYYYY good job MESSIIII
Dont let the youngness fade into the darkness
Mosquitos got me all fucked up
One thing I hate to do and I swear is unintentionally is lead someone on that I don't want anything with... They end up catching feelings.
I still dk my U.S grade and that's the only test I gave a fuck about
Ibisevic with a goal in the 85' there's still life. 2:1
Got back from my bike ride.. Listening to blue foundation...\n\nthighs on fire
i'm just now finishing up w my post prom activities
Just ordered two new books. I'm one happy gal
This is actually a good divas match regardless of Camerons ranting
Every time I pinch my moms wrists she says \"Maggie you can't do that, you aren't 2 anymore everyone thinks you're a nutcase\"
Saddle bar tonight! Waddup north county?
im in the mood where i want to punch someone but yet makeout with them
Did I say a game lasted NINE innings Giants not eight? I meant it doesn't last seven.
I can't log into twitter on my browser????? Like my email is changed and so is my pw. Wtf
Call my # 646 301 1557
Glad to see masjid attendance gradually increasing as Ramadan comes closer.
marry me jermaine jones
I hate playing zombies on b.o1
Maybe I should stay awake now?
I'm gonna force myself to sleep. Bc I'm seriously done. Like I don't wanna deal with this shit anymore.
how am I supposed to figure this out because I can't even vent to anyone because I'll get judged
Lil B is finally irrelevant now now we can finally pay attention to Lil bibby and Lil herb
Yeah, you still kiss me but it's just on the cheek
How is there not a hospital anywhere?
Graduation is in 3 days. woah.
Damn, what happened to all the lights tho
Nothing like a great day of golf
It must be hard to be that fine
If I tap 90 by the end of my senior year ima get a tattoo.
I can listen to macadelic allllll day
I wanna work in an asylum when I grow up
let me try and find it hold on
That moment you realize you don't have plans or anyone to hangout with .
I really hope you are happy with your choice
About 8,000 expected here at Sunny Bethel Woods for Santana
Best Monday I've had all summer. Hopefully that's a sign for a great week.
I am so fucking bored it don't make no sense !!!
Busy Friday in the office: new patients, follow ups, preoperative education for upcoming surgeries..EDUCATION of our patients is a priority!
I got all these hoes starring when I walk thru
Keep on shanking, Cris
Honestly one person has ever seen me mad at my fullest and that's my brother
My body was so sore that I had to pop 3 ibuprofen and take a hot bath and shower...I feel much better now
yassssss\": Fuckin fagot that why I slept with the driver\"
Mr saldana is the summer school version of Mr sindelar
America just came
I wanna go skydiving
Sucks when you cant say \"i love you\" to the person your in love with.
\"You live and you die- who gives shit\" -Grandma
There's nothing like the feeling of a warm eager mouth on your genitals.
Kanye West - Can't Tell Me Nothing.
when one door shuts, another one always opens.
lol Blocked its all good tho i see how we rockin lol
thought I was gonna get put on to some heat, guess not lol
After high school you truly find out who your friends are
Knock the gravy outcho biscuit.
Give that guy a red!! He kicked Clint
Waking up without someone by your side =\/
Made him fall OD just now
SUno na ,kuch karo bhi aise ignore na karo.work on it.listen 2 us n make sum money..give us Honey or else
I want to read my fanfics but I'm sooo tired. I cannot hang, ugh!
Who's in lake George right now??
I haven't straightened my hair in so long now that I think about it
Let's fucking go Dempsey!
Little babies with bad attitudes. Kleo Don't like that.
You know you lost too much weight when your panties are baggy.
I love seeing melo vs bron but i rather see them on team then split up in the conference
Taking gym every day the first half of next year to get my PE Credit so I can fit in all my classes. Lord help me.
Those Russian owners in Brooklyn don't play around!
Oc bound fuck that barn build it your self fags
I'm finally out of the fucking picture just like you wanted, are you happy now?
Has anyone's first single ever hit ...or hit number 1 that fast??
I woke up this morning at 7 thinking it was 9....
How many people are watching soccer for the first time right now, but tweeting like they're fans?
I felt like today was not productive but I actually applied to many jobs
I sure hope we win tonight.
I just sneezed like 60 times in a row
That's more like it.
So sore from the gym that i cant sleep lol
Tell me what do u do, when you've done all u can
\": I'm sooooo bored! Would it be weird if I went back to chipotle? I really want another bowl.\" Lol nope
Ichiro in my eyes should be our everyday RF.
Aw Shane Battier's last game. Lol he could be the President
Tweet no evil.
I don't care what I get on this god damn regents, I just want to pass it.
Cleaning out my closet is deff my favorite song
Cuddling in bed with my sister. Just how I wanted my night to be. I love me some cuddles.
Ying Yang Twinz... Where are they now?
Na na na la la la
Tough breaks for both Matt Zira and Tim Tupia tonight
I legit think there a fire inside of me
Relaxation radio on Pandora. Sounds gay but it puts you to sleep in 2 minutes
From the day you strolled in, my heart was stolen.
Should I make that 10 min drive to chipotle ?
He is not capable of online shoe shopping and finding them for cheap, I went on for 10 minutes and gave him 3 choices
thinking about getting red white and blue facepaint for work tomorrow
Wise Men Sleep Over A Problem 4 A Night, So That They Can Think With Their Pillow 4 The Best Solution.Greatness Is Never Achieved In A Rush!
ive been holding it all in for so long...\nthey thought i handled everything so well when in reality ive been breaking down
I never do my hair anymore
You got baby mama drama, you ain't even got you no baby
Im really trying to be patriotic and shit and watch this game but i cant soccer is so boring
Beaches have rocks? - Abby frank
THAT GOAL WAS AMAZING
20 20 20.
missouri is rlly weird and so is alabama
I would say Happy Birthday America...but you didn't tell me Happy Birthday soooo...I guess we're even.
My mom 0.000052736 seconds after I open the fridge: Don't hold the fridge open so long
It's such a turn-off when a girl tells you to get out of her bushes
I think ill be ok without a phone for awhile.....
Not knowing how to accept that someone actually cares for you.
Let's all ask the Knicks fans how many championships they have won ?
If she wants to travel with someone she just wanna fuck
Proposals at sporting events are the greatest things ever
Dance party NYC and the Family jam band show 10:30!
You hate me, but you don't know me. How cute.
For my birthday this year if anyone wants to get me a nerf gun I will be the happiest girl on earth
I wonder how many times I'll see that one photo of Stevie and the American flag today?
A art gallery followed by food and a bar is a good date right?
dude girls don't ask for a lot guys just can't do anything right, ever.
If USA beats Ghana I will get an American flag tatted on me and that's a promise
FUCK. I put my finger in the toaster to get out my bread forgetting that it was hot.
golden girl - frank ocean ft. tyler, the creator
Even Though Niggas Think IDont Be Peeping, I Peep But Just Be Waiting For The Right Time &amp; Place To Bring it Up
STOP FUCKING PLAYING UR TRUMPET AT THIS HOUR
You give me a rush and i love the feeling
I would call myself gorgeous and utterly lacking in physical grace
Cant wait to be in constant pain for the rest of the week. Tomorrow morning is gonna suck
Wtf is going on with the glee fandom hahahah
\"Eli do you have a fake?\"- boss\n\"Why?\"- me\n\"I need you to go on a beer run\" - boss
I get hit on by girls that do not appeal to me. It's unfair.
He's hot ginobilli
Idk what I wanna wear today
Con los nombres de los protagonispas:\nH\nPollo\nBabi\nGin\n\nSale una cancion del verano ,lo digo yo
The way they make fast.food look like in.commercials lol
\"This shirt is tight but Iove it\" \n\"Okay so just don't eat for the rest of the week\" \n
ok I am going to do some specials..EMAIL ME for the detals, not only is the 12.99 SALE gonna happen but also opp for a FREE CLIP
Lemme find out u the reason I got the sniffles rn. Lemme find out u shared ur lollipop w me when u knew u had a germ.Lemme jus find that out
Kicked in the facee
DEMPSEY GOD BLESS
Nothing better than shaved legs and soft sheets. Have mercy
Cause basic bitches wear that shit so I don't even bother
Working to be a better version of myself each &amp; everyday
ALL THE BOYS SUPPORTING SHAWN RIGHT NOW IS MAKING ME SO EMOTIONAL IDK IF I SHOULD CRY OR BE HAPPY
Could I tell HS students that they're radiating their reproductive organs by holding phones in their laps all day? It's probs true anyways
Unbeknownst to lots of people Facebook has been trying to make them sad.\nPraying that Twitter is trying to make us happy.
Despite having all this real Mexican food around me. I love chipotle. Something's wrong with me.
Hi. I'm travshred and if you don't like underoath then fuck you.
nah chill why is it raining this much its like a lot
Cut two of my knuckles open on a sheet of lass today, but really it looks like I got in a low key fight
Caitlin and my cat just made out
Ready to go back to greenville ASAP
Oh Now She Is Interested In ?
The cab I'm in is 4 days old. I only ride in the newest of cabs.
Off work headed to the mall soon to go buy a bunch of new clothes
PSA only 68 more days until the first gameday
my last week in boro ... mixed emotions
Keep whispering ill fuck you up in front of ya grandpas
If you think Melissa McCarthy is funny honestly just gtfo of my life
I could walk with her for hours
Sometimes I'd much rather stay in then go out... I luvvvv to chill
EW JADE'S HAIRCUT MAKES HER LOOK LIKE DORA
Not sure how anyone can blame Jason Kidd without knowing what really happened. I'm glad he did it. It's a power move. More people should
honestly listening to ray charles puts me in the calmest mood
Big congrats to Costa Rica on a thrilling victory!!
How did that just fucken happen....
Tom petty for the win every night
You are absolute scum if you make fun of those who are mentally disabled
Monday is the end of the season, then I can finally get on with my plans. Everyone's got their limit, and I'm rapidly approaching mine.
Quickest goals in WC history: 11 sec. Suker (2002) 15 sec. Masek (1962) 25 sec. Lehner (1934) 28 sec. Robson (1982) 29 sec. (2014)
Yo no gas. Girl Meets World coming on actually has me INCREDIBLY hype on Friday along with Legend Of Korra
European men are so sexy but fucking crazy !
I always give a lot to people and they seem to never appreciate it.
Learning how to play an instrument is really cool it's not hard but it's not as easy as everyone thinks
The Legend of Zelda Fitzgerald
No one ever takes the time to hear me out on why I act the way I do they just tell me what I need to do.
Come on Costa Rica
No sleep into I finish OITNB . Ep. 12
i know wont notice me but can we bring him to 1.1mil.1mill .1mill.1mill
I think I just felt his nose being crushed... Ow Ow ow
Nothing to do in brooklyn anymore
I love to get on is that song
Quit football, threw out all my old trophies jerseys, pads, posters, and collectibles, and any clothes having to do with football
Yep legs feel like jello
Debating on working this summer :-\/
Ocean Grove may have just become one of my favorite places
Feel bad for Lebron doe
It must suck to not be able to be alone.
Some lady is dead creepin on me on the bus rn
Pool today orrr
Sipping on this juice I made !! It taste real good ! Strawberries , bannas and spinach.
Truth or dare is too fucking real right now.
Standing outside soaking up the night air before going inside. Tonight was a great one!
Who's that girl wearing rangers eastern conference championship shirt, ?
Y'all acting like breakfast burritos and hash browns aren't better than Cereal in the morning anyways fucking dweebs
Tomorrow consists of school homework work and homework
Listening to kids talk about pokemon, they don't know shit. When I was their age I was traversing the hellish terrain of victoryroad
I really want a break in my career already :\/ I miss writing articles everyday
I seriously need my girls date tomorrow
I seem so thirsty rn .
Can't wait for volleyball season to start
Drank so much I woke up and I'm still drunk
Lmao my girl keep getting mad every time I cheer for the USA... I'm reporting her to the CIA for communism son
seriously my heart is beating so fast
Great season Thunder, 1 st place. I love you girls to the moon and back.
And another point, that we were even talking 'bout at the other night..
My sisters and I have a Panera lunch date tomorrow and I'm too excited about it
My fav thing today was saying, incredulously, \"The future is now, like I can watch the World Cup on my PHONE.\"
seems to Me is channeling in Jon Moxley ( ) his promo was on point
The nigga that's really fucking her isn't commenting on her pics and the real Gs aren't putting every move on social networks
My nails grow really long only for one to break and then they all get cut
CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!! 30 seconds into the game!!!!!! 1-0
Oh can you tell I haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke
Yeah its cool just don't reply....
Taking ma hour break cus sage not working
Two more days. Then working all summer. THEN moving to Colorado in August. I got thiiiis.
Peoples favorites can tell you a lot about someone's life
Getting to the east bay first thing in the morning on a holiday is not awesome.
I know they were all very busy covering the same non-story about Google's new non-products. :-)
I've officially brought back the skort... Thank you and drive safe.
Fifa ultimate team is so live
holy shit how is it 8
Glantz: when you're writing about people with trauma, you have to meet them where they're at, show respect, and be honest.
Wish would come bick it
Meaning , you can't judge the same thing you are .
Art is so cool I wanna go to the moma or something soon I wanna look at cool stuff
Hard to sleep with so much on ur mind
GOAL!!! Big goal.
Okay, halting my Sujin spam lol
Stop the bleeding
I hate Times Square. if you like it; I hate you.
My new measurements are in, down to 17% Body Fat, added 3 pounds of muscle during these six months of training. How about that?!
Lets see if this goes left, I hope not
Idk why I'm mad doe ....
YALL ON DRUGS IF U DONT THINK SHORT GIRLS ARE WINNING AT LIFE
I'm never sleep because I'm up searching for something , ideas , inspiration , answers , unforced insight , creativity can happen anytime ..
Zanny had a nigga feeling some type of way last night
Being white and complaining about \"reverse racism\" is like being a pretty girl and complaining that too many people find you attractive.
I just wana get high and knock the fuck out
Y'all hoes better thank me for making y'all famous. Probably only chance you were gonna get
When ppl choose their girl over their \"day 1's\" every single time &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
The best jokes I've ever heard from a 12 year old!
\"We need to make sure clean energy isn't viewed as the periphery, but rather the core of the system.\" - Audrey Zibelman
Goal goal goal 1-1
W h a t t h e f u c k i s t h e p o i n t o f f o l l o w i n g m e t o u n f o l l o w m e
Ooooo Stevie looks kinda sexy in his suit and shit.
Knoxville why would you get a paper cut in between all your fingers and toes are you stupid
Someone go to dinner wiff meee
Up until 5 in the morning with crazy drunk people lol
I still can't believe that goal. Shocked
ohdang! they kicked out greece's coach.
Late evening reminder that we open tomorrow at 11:330 AM for teh soccerz!
My position in my life holds me back from a lot of shit I really want ... Scared to take a chance on somebody ...
Lol!! HHH is actually funny making fun of this dickhead.
Does anyone realize that Bo Dallas is Tebowing week after week.
WHAT. WHERE DID THAT COME FROM
Well it's the 4th of July so I guess I'll get later
Already started eating these jello shots!! I couldn't resist
I act the blackest outta all my brothers and sisters
So glad I got a new tube for my pipe.
Bend it like Jones, who? Jermaine Jones
My family annoying when it comes to soccer
I'm just laying down wasting time ...
So this super attractive and adorable guy almost ran into me with his cart at my job.....fffffffffffffffffuck I want someone to be close to.
I fucking hate when my sister takes my shit, she never brings it back
They have to keep touch tight on messi..they should know that
Well I brb have to take care of something
Having a last beer with my boss before he heads overseas. Really going to miss this guy, he put me on. Nothing but love Brandon
Got lost up in the mountains, ate a bowl of chili,
Ashanti gon on that Thot dress
me about to say \"she got really hot\" about a chick on tv but mom is right next to me and i am straight
Just need a guy that will watch criminal minds with me, take naps with me, workout with me, and get Tpumps with me
Everytime i see bitches post tb pics let me know i aint got no friends and im coo wit that. Ppl be to fake n e way
Big series for the Mets as well
Just got the best Ice-cream made by the one and only
Biden just got a hell of a promotion
I just screamed so loud my parents thought someone someone broke in
the girls back in la?
So, is anyone actually going to call the Phoenix Coyotes the Arizona Coyotes? Tedious name change.
You gotta make that okay Tajata. WTF?
Standing pretzel makes me shake. Thanks
Needa go to the bathroom but can't miss even a second of this game
Me doy un sueno all of a sudden
North is gonna grow up to be so beautiful my gosh
Disappointment is kind of the worst
I cannot wait to get this hair cut it's outta control
It's summer, everyone needs to wake tf up and start making my tl entertaining
FUK all ur other faves look how amazing Scott is
I really ain't got time for nobodies complaining anymore , you know I've been fed up a long time ago, just waiting on my moment.
EVERY YEAR IS THE SAME SHIT PAYING MORE FOR GAS IT'S BECAUSE MIDDLE EAST SHIT OR WHATEVER EXCUSE THEY COME UP WITH ELECTED OFFICIALS DO SHIT
When cute girl acknowledges that i think she is cute &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Who gives a shit. Im jamaican this is not my independence .
OH: \"I don't go hard in real life.\"
Lewin gets into another gear and goes for 32 yards to the LI 17.
Good night just to sit out on the deck and chill
I miss who are these basic bitches
Even my dumbass ain't a senior ..I'm a fag graduate b!!!
Small chick with a fat asss
Just waking up...
I haven't had a day like that since I left sac
I like us better when were wastedddd
Can't raise a man, he's already grown what you gon do?
Work in the morning? Naaaah I'm good on that
There's nothing more I wanna do then to sell drugs I would love that
Everyone has something to do for the 4th and I never do anything lol being an only child with family living far away sucks
\"I'm pretty sure I married a man on the bus one time. It was the longest relationship I ever had. 3 stops\"\n
Decaf coffee is like alcohol-free vodka. what's the point?
IM IN TEARS!!!
Sorry for the douchey snapchats guys
So fucking tired of work already
It's just too boring to sit on the toilet without having my phone with me.
Going down the shore you mad ha
Guys who dress well -tailored suits- are so damn perfect in my eyes
DONT get mad at me for something I did if you do it too.
All I want to listen to is fireworks
A jog on the beach would be lovely. I think so!
This game about to be good
Columbiana yeah I love that.\nShe doin things I never seen
Its only tradition to wake up on the 4th hungover.
Had to do Blake dirty one time
We get to banging on the walls just to piss da neighbors off
Some customers said I was very young for a server. Fuck yeah, I'm getting it done. I'm young for everything I'm doing. But I won't slow down
X a real one.
Today a fan shouted out to me on the street \"I love your sh*t Shantell \" people around me looked a little confused.
Straight drop like no hands... Yeeeee
Sevyn look like she wearing a sheet
WE DONT FUCK AROUND WITH DIVING GHANA
Can not believe Manu just did that
You're my fault , my weakness
What to do
8.2 miles today and still sweating despite the brisk winds outside. Into the shower and off to the soon.
Just kidding it wasn't that cool. Hockey Shoot outs are better
The only uncle I care about today is Uncle Sam
I mean I like the way it looks but I should have got miserable instead of happiness
Everyone in my house is still asleep!! I'm soooo bored.
I've seen not one but two rollerbladers in one week.... Da fuq?
24- my favorite!!!!!! Why are you so cool?
I kept watching Warpaint videos and thinking wow, one of their band members looks so much like the actress Shannyn Sossamon...
Another 100 dollar Walmart trip...they're bound to happen once and awhile
Fatalit newyork kila lyoum w ba3do hal youm ma yi5las
Lake today was nice! A little crowded but nice.
Wow I need to go on a diet
People are honestly so fucking rude HAHA
I get so tired of stereotypes. I do something because I'm me and I want to, not cuz I fit a certain stereotype
I can't wait to watch tomorrow....I will Dvr it and watch it again later! Lol
Another piece of glass gone I wonder if someone stepped on it
I Drove At Least 400 Miles Today
Moving is a great motivator to get rid of stuff. It's easier to throw stuff away than it is to move it.
Am I a twitter nigga or a twitter Honey
Insider NYC tip: Starbucks = clean public restroom (unless you look homelessy)
if i left for my break 1 second later i would've been stuck behind them
I have nothing, I am nothing, but with God...
What I wanna do today: nothing.
I want to go to ocean fest to get food
Guys who get along with kids are way more attractive
Smh Nets got fleeced. But fuck you Jason Kidd, I hope you rot in Milwaukee.
Pinatas teach too many life lessons at once, might as well give the kids a sick goldfish and a pregnant hamster.
all I have is low self esteem and good taste in music
Lol at the airport cops trying search my car. You thought bitches.
Ach du liebe! Meine Feuer ist kaputt!!
Like obviously I could've worn a bandeau or undershirt
Enjoy your sleep now because once you become a parent you can never sleep
Se repetira el juego de mexico y holanda!!
Let's get the win USA
That's some real Tiph shit lol
At this concert all in my feeling!
Love me 2 workouts in one day. Get it innnn
Fuckin left my brush and krey wen the cops came...fml..
.just shouldn't be this good if it ain't sticking around for the long haul! OMG!
At least my mom is having fun
And I don't want no hoe who twerk like Miley
\"oh ow my heart, taylor swift always makes my heart hurt\" ~~ ok alyssa
so we broke up and me and my ex started talking
am I wrong for thinking that we could be something for real?
! We aim to please. RT : Great find! Ohhh the memories!
Good weekend spending the day sobering up
I hope certain people have realized that I've just stopped caring about our relationships.
Me van es a matar mis amigas:c
Why does SportsCenter still talk about Tiger Woods? He sucks
oh god the TRAFFIC
\": God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.\"
Live and learn
Only if Wubb went over the review packets that woulda been helpful!
I wanna die with this , I wanna stop seeing my psychiatrist
Best night of summer by far.
Aw I get to drive leelees car:)
Does anyone know if sweet frog is open ?
Niggas be like \"NO CHILL\" and postin a picture of themselves ripping the do not tear tag off their mattress smh
Ugg I wanted them to kiss
my sister just thought San Antonio was in California ohhhhhh no
Angie and Ashanti.... Will always look awkward to me.
It's not where you come from It's where you belong. (8)
No one wanted to drink with me I guess
happy birthday pal good luck on that good driving test
You can't fucking do that cause you can't transition to be a cat; people who are trans change their gender, a thing that is made up.
In like 5th grade me and grace found out your nostrils flare when you laugh and we cried
losing myself \/\/ G'avin \noh my gawd &lt;3
\"I believe in my country because it is a land of freedom and because it is my own home.\"
TY for essential 101 on lighting for food shots. TY you know all the best people.
I want to figure you out
No mom I fell asleep sorry
Que buen cobro el del 10 de
Do I dare check snapchat stories after 8pm?
\nWe climbed the highest mountain\nWe swam the deepest sea\nWe Walk this world together\nWe shared our dreams\nI hope you had some fun
People don't gotta love me. I don't goto school to make sure people love me. You worried bout the wrong things. Get ya priorities straight.
So star struck. I just rode my bike by
my knees are hurting so bad I srsly cannot move.
Hopefully my dad is making me breakfast
but I need someone different . .
Put in the iceman
.I've been impressed w\/how much has overcome in recent years &amp; remain optimistic
Catherine won't match with me on Tinder
Why did I give my brother my stereo system..I must of been fcked up
Idk but a couple of dabs would be cool right now
How significant is the use of firearms to the apes evolution? Did Andy put extra thought into how an ape would use a gun?
I hope you go to rehab bc ur too cute to be crazy
\": Lol Bucher\"\n\nBut dude! He was set up! Just ask him. Hahaha!
diggy simons can i have yooooooo babies
Elinizde ne kadar Derrida, Nietzsche ve Deleuze kitabi varsa pdf olarak, Allah'in emri Peygamberin kavliylen hepsine talibim.
Nasa Showtime pala si Sam Tsui!
Young money you out their?
Sweet, there was a pretzel in my pocket.
As a I must be sure to only speak . And if I speak falsely, whether intentionally or by error, I must accept correction.
WoWEEE Dempsey is like Furgie and Baby Jesus at the same time
and this is why i dont snapchat u
I like you, but I'm not going to chase you
I wanna go on a tropical vacation so I'm spending all night planning them out and then crying bc impossible
I wanted to sleep early today but I didn't
Today is gonna awesome...4th of July n then at 4pm the best game of the vs
if u dnt love come on eileen... do u have a heart ?
truly thankful for those who support CSXPD. we broke 1.2k plays in one week
Ribs and mac and cheese were not a good late night meal. Fuck it, where's the ice cream sundae?
The story about coach sneed on the news was badass
Missing appointments and having to reschedule is so fun
shit doesn't really hit you until after the fact
There are even more hot buff guys in the city than usual. Must be Pride.
Omg cannot sleep bc... i wanna see the who wins the game i guess Korea vs. Belgium... sorry we gotta win
My body has the most ridiculous hours of operating 12pm-4am
You can be my teacher, I'll do homework. You can give me extra credit, baby I'll do more work.
ur jst jelly of enny and i's connection.
Are you kidding me!! gotta love it baby!!!
So weird walking around my house with nothing in it
\"I do what I wanna do, that's all that Eva mattered. Neva been one to chase what these Otha people been after.\"
Hey Joe, Barry and 40K fans watching you.
trep annoys me sooo much sometimes
Make you happy, but fuck you like I'm mad at you
Great feat? Half the students at my high school called a kid \"CJ East Coast\" even though his name was Nathan. I renamed him\/barely knew him.
This is why I never believe is USA soccer. I swear the only possession they have had is the first 33 seconds
Shoutout to all my hitttttas for coming out last night!!! Mad real!!
Where's football season?
I FEEL LIKE SHE SINGIN RIGHT TO MY NIGGA
Happy 4th to all my followers, have a safe one .
Accidently gave Donnie pm tylenol .. oops
My girl a keeper and I love it
pieces of me by ashlee simpson is on the radio rn &amp; i have this huge smile on my face because nostalgia's a dumb bitch intent to destroy me
The Giver is becoming a movie. How?
And half of the people only give a shit about looks
What a beast!!!!
Where did all these Colombians come out from wtf, I've seen so many Colombian jerseys.
When I die I want to go like my great grandfather, peacefully in my sleep, not screaming and terrified like the passengers in his car
You got you beat
What is a father?
\"In all seriousness what age do you stop pulling your dick out in front of strangers\"
Ughhhh this nap.
One day it'll be a regret
Two of my followers holding down the same nigga .. But thats still non of my business.
I have an obsession with Family Guy &amp; American Dad
Don't quote tweet me on that
Are you sure it wasn't a dive \": My kids just fell down the stairs I hope they're ok.\"
Finally saw think like a man too with my best friend patty. Lol
Drugs inc is a crazy show.
\"A tiny scratch on your skin is a terminal illness to me.\" -Swahili love talk. Lol
Having allergies feels like you have poison ivy on your eyeballs.
S\/O to the two most important Americans of all time: Christopher Columbus and Tim Howard
When your girls takes her makeup off you be rethinking your whole relationship.
Hey cashier @ lowes w\/ the stank ass look on ur face maybe u should get a new job if ur so miserable!Made me leave without getting my stuff!
I'm sooo behind on The Bachelorette
That took about 15 minutes. Now I know EXACTLY what the My Left Foot guy felt like.
Appreciating the automatic app organization and the indexed app list layout
guys really think they're going to get one of the gorgeous tumblr girls... Like sorry hun, you're just gonna have to settle for ugly ole me.
I think I'm awake. I think.
Greenpoint Heights is out of wings. Epic has gone to another level.
Esta vesheza ce ba a dormir
CLINTT!!!!!! Lets go!!!!!!
Everybody is gonna start playing music now!
The heat are done. They're body language sucks. Two 11-0+ runs for SA. They aren't confident.
My job is so interesting..a lady comes in dragging a Gatorade bottle around like a pet. And then preceded to curse-a lot.
REQUEST: does anyone in the Bay Area have Jak III for the PS2 that I can borrow? Thanks &lt;3
Josef just said there should be 2 of me so he could snuggle with one while the other makes pancakes
I need a serious change in my lifestyle
Anyone wanna come over tomorrow and keep me company?
Someone just knocked on my door twice and no one was there wtf
Lmao Peter gonna teach me how to dance. Who better tho, my boy knows bitches haha
Niggas is disrespectful , ion even be tryn beef widd niggas
Watching the get spanked by the at SFO with a delayed flight and annoying kids running around while hungry. Not my night.
Never getting over the song used in the MGS V E3 trailer
He makes songs for the thots. RT : I don't think I'm cool anymore. Who is august aslina? .........
\"I'm simply appalled by your ugly ass face\" -Sassy Isabella
Four loko was chorro the next day 100% of the time lmao
QUE OTRAS PERSONAS QUIERAN ALGO NO SIGNIFICA QUE TU TENGAS QUE DARLES LO QUE QUIEREN.
I also went through a sweater phase like that's all I wanted to wear .
Pah means 5 and 4 is his son . He was born on the 4th
I need assurance that what I'm doing is the right thing to do is like idk.
Forever caring too much or not enough.
andrew garfield and emma stone are engaged all is right in the world
Couldn't be happier where my life is headed right now
Im Just sayinn lemme know what youu want In he beginning . Is that much ?
Wonder what god has planned for me
Bold Predictions: Marcus Smart to LaL. Aaron Gordon to Sac Town.
\"I want like a rent-a-boyfriend... I could pay him with rainbow cakes and frosting\" -Angela Pomeroy so hit her up boyz
Why he walk in the room talking bout some really ctfu yeah nigga
it's funny that you say you 'hate 5sos' when you've stalked them at their hotel three times????
If you missed me at check me out in 20 minutes on season finale of on
I've had such a horrible day today
I have off from everything tomorrow....is this really happening??
Jermaine Jones I love you
We could've avoided this whole mess if you didn't make that choice 6 months ago. It's too late.
The only thing i can hope for is that when fireworks go up at 9, we're watching them together from completely different locations..
I wish Jhene Aiko would stop. She's so beautiful and perfect and I can't handle it. Plz.
I fell asleep and i'm angry saturday night live isnt on
2-1!!!!!!! captain America!!!!!
Blue Jays lead 2-1. C'mon Yankees!!!!!
Really want to get a blog up and running but have no idea where to start.
If anyone sees a brown Chevy Tahoe with Jersey plates YAG18J around basto and nesco call the police and report his dumbass
Thank you for supporting us on , , , , and ! We appreciate you not just today, but everyday.
\": You're always going to lose an argument with a woman, just don't even bother.\"
my ears are ringing from having my headphones as loud as they can go on the way home from Brooklyn oops
bought a house to cook bricks straight cash next to a brick house fulla straight cash
aww, neither are you.
Don't waste your time on me you're already \nThe voice inside my head
Gave an 8 year old some hockey pointers today. Safe to say his hockey career is officially going nowhere .
New York reeks of piss and cigarettes but I love it so much
Okay so I just saw a trailer for a new Fox show that stars David Tennant (yay) BUT HE'S AMERICAN???? WHY???
So now an impeached lying former President is standing up for his wife. How dumb do they think we are? This is the team of crapola are us.
Can't wait for the Brazil vs Chile match tomorrow :DD
Girls that like to party, girls that like to dance
Johannsson is from Bama. Bama is in the SEC. SEC is &gt; most countries. We'll be ok.
you're in 8th grade, stop trying to act so grown up.
5 performers that should be performing I'm just saying
Hella wanna walk n get rite aid ice cream like a fatass.
Having a blast at with - great music!
Watch my journey to lose my virginity on MTV's The Virgin Territory on Wednesday July 16th!!!
I don't fall easily for anyone but when I do its real
You only heard the words I didn't mean to say
Can we turn up this weekend?!?! Or nah
Watching the replay of Dempsey's nose being banged. Talk about something you don't want to see over dinner.
A DOG CAME UP TO ME ON THE TRAIL AND IT WAS THE BEST EXPERIENCE
CANT BELIEVE SOME BITCH RE-RECORDED ROCK MAFIA'S SONG WHY DID THEY LET HER DO THAAAAR
You are not an adult until you forgive your parents for every mistake they've ever made while raising you.
I'm soo relaxed .. definitely needed this
Fuck, need that shift covered tomorrow. Business meeting at 8pm in tryna rack in the dough
Lmao\": Is a difference between a cock thief and a cock rat\"
It's always an interesting time when people take my phone
Guess I should get up and start my day.....
I should start getting ready ..
11:11 che tutto si rimetta a posto
Free the madness by &gt;
Ppl don't know who or what they wanna be anymore.. Lost Souls
u know when u have headphones in n u think u hear people talkin 2 u but you're not sure
Pan am. Trading babies and Hormuz?!
Kind of annoying how there's only two seasons of OITNB
I find it really annoying when ppl try too hard to be extremely alternative. Can't you just be yourself without trying so hard?
Tonight I'm not staying in Yonkers lmao that's a a dub bx is where I'm going
I need some mate liquid lipstick in my life
Well at least I made it to Sector 5 this time in FTL.. last time I didm;t even made it through Sector 2..
People are so consumed in themselves to stop and smell the roses.
Nothing changes and ever really will
mih y las palmas no sube a primera por culpa de unos machangos
Hey Tyrion, that's not a nice way to celebrate Father's Day
Pura Vida! Bien hecho Costa Rica.
I love it when your eyes are reddd.
Was going to shower then I heard sam smith
My Instagram keeps crashing &amp; I want to kill it
Sana may snow globe ako pag-uwi ni kuya
Give me Mookie Betts or give me death.
Fuck that looked painful
If you really love America, you will spend the day watching
Every morning I spend fifteen minutes filling my mind full of God; &amp; so there's no room left for worry thoughts. -Howard Christy
John finally said i love you back
Why oh why are Nook ebooks more expensive than their paperback versions? It makes no sense!!
Oh shit did I miss powder puff
Jamming to good beatz in the car because I'm 2 hours early for work.
Or one at least closer to me !!
People shouldn't be worried about dogs.\nPeople should be worried about the people who don't like dogs. \n
Rob complimented me on my singing............. I just.......
There's a difference between being straight up and being mean
I just had a $700 dinner not including tip for 6.
Anyone wana go to the beach tomarow?? We takin the jeep weep!
onlari duyarak zaten en uzaginda oldugumu anlattin
la puta madree
Nothin like having your tits out in public at midnight
Hearing sirens going through town is scaring me
It's crazy to think that though, because the littlest things can affect someone's life in such a big way.
so awake that I don't know what to do
Someone copied my tweet word for word... This has never happened before lol
Cespedes mom was jumping up and down in the stands PROUD MOM
July the 4th be with you.
If you don't Fuck with me now don't plan on being there later .
USA!! USA! USA!!! Let's fucking go Jones
Show some respect to . You don't deserve to be an Ambassador. Apologize now!
Can't wait for my bestfriend graduation
i swear everytime im about to go to sleep i get hungry. WHY? damn you stomach, damn you.
MY SCREEN IS CUTTING FINGERS HELP
why don't people trust me with their kids?
And there it is!!!!!
I'm just praying that report cards don't come out until next year pls &amp; Ty I'm trying to enjoy my summer
Classic texts to a gay man \n\"Do you want to make out?!\"\n\"Are you drunk\"\n\"Always\"
Mi vieja dice que Messi es re feo, que tenes en los ojos boluda? mierda? es perfecta pajera
i think it's almost perfect time to burn the fattttttest
San Antonio is kicking the Heat's butt left and right.
i would just like to say a huge suck my ass to ms lubliner for doubting me
Fuck soccer \n&amp; the bet awards \nYall annoying lol
Creo que vamos a ganar!Creo que vamos a ganar!
Karlie Redd being joselines friend and being messy all at the same time
Where the babes at
Lmfaooo this so jokey ! NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA !
Oh the things I would do to have normal hair
I hate when he wakes me up to leave
Seltzer just sent me a pic of his but cheeks... WEIRD
The new touchscreens at are badass! Makes things so much easier when splitting bills.
I'm so terrible with time I swear it takes me hours to get dressed
I feel strongly that yellow card call was not accurate.
Messi breaking ankles
I hate people whose presence just makes you uncomfortable.
Sometimes we need to learn how to say no.
My brother said it's not over, he hasn't dated anybody a day in his life but he always seems to be right...that's having a twin right there.
Last break before I get out of here
Modest x Isaiah Rashad, forever never getting old.
Slamming Sav Blanc before heading to Le Pilsner to perform for Pulled Pork Pride once!
Assuming when I turn 21 in September I'll still be ID'd for cigarettes
it's so beautiful out I want to do something
SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT AMERICA ALREADY IT AINT THE 4TH OF JULY YET SMH AT Y'ALL
Mas marami ka pang sex experience kaysa sa parents mo! Aba matinde!
Angry Africans are intimidating
The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for Sunday shows that 49% approve 50% disapprove
I missed NYC Pride If you're going to a event, let me know next time around!! :)
4:30 flight isn't boarding yet wth
I fucking hate it when people change to fit in.
It's better we shoot first cuz life is better when you give. Just sit on yo blocc and receive nigga
Waittt 21+ is free before 12 tonight! More of a reason to come out and support!!!
Lol work and World Cup = No concert. Dammit
What is damone from fast times doing right now
Having to piddle after getting comfy as fuck
idea! an app that helps you get a little rest: napp.
Can coaches win MVP?
This has been one of my favorite days
my niggas distraught like tomorrow is gonna be the hardest day
This is brand new uptowns, still in the box. This' the Yankees, 10 nothin, killin the sox!
All I want to do it watch Orange is the new black, but brie won't let me cause she's using the netflix.
You be takin selfies, I be takin wealthies
My soul isn't going to let me stay, but my wallet needs this change.
I had to fall to lose it all but in the end it didn't even matter
Currently crying at work watching military homecomings ... So that's where I am now
Unfortunately I think I'm allergic to something here. I cannot stop sneezing.
Where is Derrick? It's odd for him to not be on twitter
Are you ok? Your mom wants to know
The Weeknd is doing a collab with Ariana Grande, wtf?
You only really understand songs if you been in da game.
Costa Rica do deserv it to be fair but unlucky for Greece. What an amazing World Cup
Watching the game! Let's go beat
Chase Lindemann tweets instead of replying to my texts. He's the real MVP.
Is it too soon for me to be celebrating that Nuno doesn't have us in a 7-0 hole, but rather we're up 4-0?
This whole season is a Saw prequel
Shoot outs might be the most clutch situation in sports.
I so ready for tonight game vs time for a good long winning streak &amp; swept the losers Padres the can't hit
Same day shipping makes me so happy.
never again will i open b, waking up at this time is the worst.
if ur cute and a boy and over 15 yrs old and like emo girls hmu
workin 12-10 today -_-. guess that means I just gotta get drunk at work
&amp; cuz most of what I've known &amp; gone thru was filled w\/ negative vibes so when something good happens to me, idk how tf to act lol
Ese gol, no me gusto.
The only thing that sucks being single is you can't get it in all the time lmao
It's like the fans were waiting 8 years to sing for Messi, and they're making up for lost time.
That ' Happy' songg annnoyyingg asfuhhh' make me more annoyed than happy lol
If he can't break bread he fake
What a beastt!!!!!
Stars interested in Thornton... I'm interested in Seguin... We can make it work.
I NEED A NEW FUCKING PHONE HOLY SHIT
Wild out is stuck in my head! Thanks
\": yeah, we all know Cameron is gonna screw Naomi over\" My thoughts exactly.
Tonight your memory burns like a fire
In my mind I can sing like Sia. But I can't. So I don't. I just lip synch epically to \"Chandelier\" and \"Elastic Heart\"
BEYONCE INCORPORATED THE NAE NAE IN HER CHOREOGRAPHY AND I AM I JUST I CANT
Yall sleep on black girls tbh
How can I sleep?????? Bc and
I can assume shit all I want, about anything, anyone, idc
Despite the food poisoning, still managed to have a great day in my city
If the Supreme Court won't protect women's right to contraception at least we can vote with our dollars and avoid shopping at .
Caught another fish and he took the (biodegradable) hook with him so now there's a really edgy trout in the lake
How can you say you love someone yet be so unwilling to understand their pain or frustration, or even make it better?
I wanna go to a dessert and do the a mash up of Work by Ciara You want this by Janet Case of the ex Mya and Run the world Janet
Can you use what you know about nature as evidence for what you believe about God?
If anyone has any summer jobs that need to be done that I can make a couple bucks off of please please let me know
I think my party was really successful last night. :) people didn't kill each other so I mean. That's awesome.
Considering moving to dc...leaving New York gonna be so hard tho
My paycheck this week is going to be pathetic
Ivory Coast is my cinderella team
Movies take two with my cousins
I &lt;3 Ky she never fails to cheer me up
Literally ran into one of my childhood friends tonight at running club. It was wonderful to see her!
SOMEONE GIVE ME SOMETHING TO DO
not mentally prepared to say goodbye to me cholette today
I sneeze so much even my cats don't want to be with me
All you gotta do is get it.
SAN ANTONIO SPURS 2014 NBA CHAMPIONS
I JUMPED SO HIGH and SCREAMED JACOB SAW MY PUCVTE
Why the QB from the game has a cat on his head?
, ONE GREAT NATION, ONE PROUD TEAM.
I know I look like Obama but please contain yourselves I am not.
Someone come hang out with me.
Localities pass laws to regulate how a car may be used, and owners purchase insurance in case of misuse. These ideas can be applied to guns.
I am watching, The Bachelorette and not ashamed of feeling romantic.
I'm probably never going to stop hating you until the moment my foot makes contact with your mouth, causing permanent damage to your teeth..
how is beyonce &amp; jay gonna perform when they're in the middle of a tour
Sometimes it lasts the love but sometimes it hurts instead.
My life just became 10x better
\"Dude this is whack. Put on some dubstep\"
I don't have any feelings to be worrying bout yours...
plot twist: Hoes are not meant to be loyal
It's not where you come from, it's where you belong
Gotta love getting screamed at by someone who 'cares' about you
Came inside from shooting pucks just in time
I'm running out of people to stalk on social media
I'm so tired of thinking I just want to sleep .
Lil Wayne is literally on his bummy swag though.
I need to know by tomorrow, cause I'm not trying to pay a cancellation fee
Always appreciate spending time with my Dad. Everyone says their Dads perfect my Dad acts as both parents and has killed it
Say what u wanna say and let the words come out...honestly I wanna see u be brave
I learned the cash register for the 1st time ever in 10 mins &amp; it's a restaurant on 6th ave it's busy &amp; my drawer was perfect. I'm a genius
People, it's quality over quantity in anything&amp;everything.
Some people are just annoying and they don't even know it
Who are we not to be happy?
Middle school was just such an awkward time lol
ima forgive i won't forget but imma dead the issue
If you say things like 'Merica, you don't belong here
My moms room smells like kush
I just want to go back to sleeeeep
Is anybody going to the fair tonight??
Big shout out to and for the Back Stage Passes, thanks for the opportunity, my GF and I appreciate it :)
We dont need no cocaine, we dont need no ecstacy to ruin our brains. Only one things sets us free. Oh frees our pain. Talkin bout the herbs
Dang hekka wanna go to under the influence concert
\"Call the veterinarian! I'm pregnant with kittens!\"
Ewww chaise got her hands all on my back while she sleeping
Best moment of my life was dancing with Val at prom
True life wtf making people feel bad about their bodys like let them be
whats really good with this Drake\/Wayne concert bruhhh
I wanna move so badly. Preferably out of NJ. But then again, this is home to me.
why you telling me for ? you look dusty go wash up \": ASS getting slapped...sounds fun to me lol\"
We'll announced the winner of our shortly (as soon as we get home)
I absolutely love the beach
Drake to big for the BET awards now? Stop. His Grammy count still low
i love to get on, i loveee to get 2 on
It's acceptable to get drunk all day today, right?
The energy it takes to be a jerk can very easily be used to be nice
You can pat my butt i don't give fuck.
why gekas why him he sucks
Taking it easy at home getting my clothes ready for summer. Wish I had a seasonal closet one for winter one for summer would be easier:)
I hate it when I shave my legs and walk out into the living room in my shorts and a gust of cold air comes and my legs aren't smooth anymore
False eyelashes are a special occasion or nighttime thingy. These false eyelashes these girls go to the Chinese to do look TERRIBLE.
LOL Family Ties reruns when shows up as Uncle Ned!!\n\n
Why am I even friends with Gary lmaoooo
Bayformers apologist exist and they are coming out of everywhere. It's like a skull invasion. Lol
I've now seen two of my favorite lyricists in person, Lauryn and Nas
People need to understand that I'm gonna do what makes me happy and what I want and if they don't agree with it then too bad
i want people to be nice to me but when people are nice to me i get uncomfortable is there a name for this
I can't sleep &amp; I'm bored
Greg Papa is drunk, says it would have been different if Romo were available. Maybe he should have watched the first two in this series.
Finally following the adventures of Mulder and Scully, watching the -files with . (It's all 's fault.)
S\/O to and Huge play= Huge wins!
Wtf yo my phone company is on some bs rn hmu on here my phone is messed up
Moes and Hoopla sound really good right now.
I have a constant craving for cashews
My gf is Bi smh Lml I knew it
All of the rooms in my house are connected except mine because I keep my door shut..I just walked through my house &amp; it ALL smells like b.o.
This 4 part research essay should be a cake walk as well.
Eddie calm down bro it's a movie.
I don't even want to go to this party because I don't know what were celebrating tonight
Wtf lil pres graduates are ratchets
Life is a bitch, but I appreciate her.
I am a Dragonball Z junkie and I am proud of it.
This heat is really getting to a nigga making me angry and shit
I should have expected this from you
Probably the only picture where I look like an Indian ._.
I knew once one person in our family got picked for the Ice challenge it was over for all of us hahah
going to the Hamptons with my bunny in the car and the dunkin guy goes\"oh you just came from the pet store?\" yup
Ghana might have the youngest 23, but their first choice XI is downright geezerish.
Taco Bell is poppin right now
I'm so sick of the attitude and shit .
Only thing to worry about on the walk to Ciara's is the vicious backyard snapping turtle guarding her eggs
One more Smite match and then I will wait for Korra
lol i don't take no one on this show music career serious even the men when's the last time joc had a hit
Nick Cannon look like the member of Migos they don't let rap.
If you keep the barcode sticker on your hat I'm judgin
permanent heat hater temporary spurs fan
after a delicious meal calls for some amaro. off to with
I want Mexico to win monday
Moms are great for breaking the news to you that someone you didn't know died
Maddie is not normal like why are you sleeping wake up I'm in your room
My coworkers say I sleep very peacefully.
When sluts talk shit about how someone they hate is a slut.. You look dumb ass fuck lmfao.
I'm still pissed off about Mexico
Someone take this bitch outta the gm
Bosh so weak
37% battery don't bother me no more. Ever since Apple replaced my battery for free.
August 2, legal age to buy alcohol is 25. \n\nLive it up Now lol..
Girls slapping guys, yelling through windows, heartbreak and sleeping in a car. Woah
\": How many 3somes have u had?\"..........................
How do people willingly drink energy drinks? They taste like elephant piss...not that I ever drank elephant piss but you get the point.
Lol nope I wouldn't do such thing. All I want in life is to actually meet them and like take selfies with them
I wish I had friends that I actually want to hang out with ahahahahahhaha
How can I help you?\n\n\"I'm looking to re-tire soon\" \n\nI am escorted from the tire shop for bad jokes
11 hour shift.. all I wanna do is get wasted rn
I haven't seen Lil wayne in a long time
can it be a tie please
Representing at the Pyramid Awards for our outstanding work w\/ ivee Sleek!
Sub john brooks
I wanna party when I get back but I have court in the morning
Stealing all vines and tweeting them
Train guy: \"I asked my gf, 'why don't you make more if an effort to be pretty? It's not like you can't afford it. I'll pay for it.\"
If I can turn back the hands if time I would. I'd correct one situation. Pain like that shouldn't be felt. It wasn't even her fault smh
After every conversation with her, I must listen to that particular song.
I WANNA GO TO A DODGERS GAME
orange and blue\ngreen and gold\ngood colors, they're my buddies
\"The United States has to be just enemies and brave friends.\"
in a matter seconds ..USA
GTFO OFF THE FIELD
Maybe next time I should find my glasses before I take my contacts out to clean them
Getch'ya little fine ass on the step shimmy up inside.
.is such a terrible person yet I just love her.
We believe in you , We love you, \nGO TEAM USA!
on Aug2nd should be popppin Ayeee Catch me out there
Strongest memories of films frm childhood are of people I was with, old theater balconies, or at home the color of blanket covering my eyes!
Like that shit is my ultimate pet peeve.
Someone just have a bonfire tonight
That was a perfect shot
PLEASE FILLOW ME I LOVE YOU
Going to the creek tonight to find an adventure ..
3 TWEETS AWAY WHO WILL MY 4k BE
I wanna tell you that you can do better but nah I'll just let you embarrass yourself.
Great season by the Spurs
Takbeer to those who fasted a day early.
Y can't I text you ...
Looking for Alaska is going to be made into a movie. I'm so happy rn.
It amazes me how some people call their mom a \"bitch\". Like damn, she had u in her stomach for 9 months. Have some respect
Do u think ur a makeup artist
I'm following France vs Germany in the FIFA Global Stadium.
I've been up since 5:30.... Wtf
ROTF RT : Watch they're using Allison's tuition money?
i know bridget really loves when i sing through the entire movie
\"He sucks dick and that's gay and we don't date gay guys\" you always know the right thing to say
WHATS ON THE MANU
It comes in ^ and _ (peaks and troughs)
My dad just has everyone refer to him as his last name it confuses me
i hate scissor-happy hairdressers.
1) Start a large closely-owned corporation. 2) Declare said Corporation Therian. 3) Fire anyone who doesn't wear a fursuit.
Probably coming up with tng product placement puns for the next 4 days.
Askimin jesti oldukca duygulandirdi.Berrak kizimizin ikinci ismini Cigdem koydu.muhtesem bir supriz.Seni ve kizlarimi cok seviyorum.
Nathan's hot dog eating contest &gt; World Cup
One joint, fourteen grams, that's a half.\nBlow torch on the nail, that's a dab.
MAN LIKE DEMPSEY
This black girl is always late
I was looking forward to it....
Rocky IV is on. All is right with the world
Soccer players have the sickest cleats
Went to the mall picked up the oxy album; new hat and some hollister cologne
Twitter cracks me up. Fo' real.
The little girl next door was boo living hard ass hell and I was just like... awkwardly walking out my house
If you tell me im wrong, I dont wanna be right
No reason your phone should be making noise when u get a text... 2007 was years ago
Wasn't Obama annoying and obnoxious enough BEFORE he started whining about the nasty GOP calling him names?
one way to make more awesome\/more legitimate: include datasets + do files for the public.. pretty please?
Love has lost so much meaning from generation to generation. We lack passion and drive and desire and the effort to fight for one another.
we are sooo Ready2Go with ,
Lol at the people in big brother this year
It's common sense that you need to put a little time &amp; effort into someone to make them feel appreciated
\": where do I apply for a new one?\" Weenie is your name forever. Lol \"selenieeeeweenieeee\" is your name in my phone HA
Dropped a phone in the lake again put it in the toaster on low for a few hours and it works like new
Oh nooo! Nick is a fool.
Oh, yeah, and bearded. \n
Do you ever think, when you're all alone\nAll that we could be? Where this thing could go?
Who scored the USA goal pray tell? Not yet in front of screen.
Deciding between getting laid or catching up on sleep is always a dilemma
i wouldnt be sad if brazil won today.. but i really wanna see colombia win.
Thanks to my family for their generous gifts that I will be using for alcohol
HONY is taking over fb, but I don't even mind cause it just makes me even prouder to go to school in NY
If my job isn't stressful enough most of my deliveries are in flushing so im stuck driving with
You know i like them nasty thangssss
im lying no i dont
Awesome finish for Martin Kaymer!!! :-)
o2l is an hour away from me &amp; I haven't met them let me cry
Bryant Park is just about the coolest place on Earth. Can I just pitch a tent?
Don't mean to sound like a nerd but I'm totally buying halo 5
Forever living in Queens but dressing like I am in Brooklyn.
Keshia Cole iss my wife bruh
Sometimes when I'm depressed I sleep all the time because I don't feel the pain when I'm asleep
You Wouldn't Understand Even If We Traded Places
I don't respect u as a man unless you got a bad chick as your girl
I get bored way to quick
Well you could say that showering was a difficult task
Got my freshman tix for the football games! Confirmed at 7:07am
I would retweet that, but just not feelin it anymoree
I just tried to eat my fortune, rather than the cookie. So that's something.
no one talk about teen wolf, I'm not watching it yet
Obsessed w\/ and just Leigh Lezark
Lick the bottom lip baby girl you're gone bite it
Jozy Altidore is out and Clint Dempsey has a broken nose. Man I hope the U.S can pull this one out of their ass.
I'm so serious. Someone go to Life Is Beautiful with me.
I hate this day every month
*must be the place plays in the background*\nAs we kiss under the stars
It's crazy how an emoji can remind you of someone.
Can I lay by your side
I ain't cheering for teams, I'm cheering for the hottest dude.
I'm gonna throw my aunt out of this house rn if she doesn't stfu
Bc the amount of stuff I have is ridiculous
PCX PCX PCX! SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!
I always get so scared when people say my name or say \"I have a question\" idek why lol
Just walked right into . Mmmmm if you gotta walk into someone might as well be a god like him
\": Damn I never h'experrtted\" I thought that shit was going wide.
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Ain't nothing all good when you all broke
It's time to own some power!
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
I am gonna fuck with that dick now
My talents include getting ill on a regular basis, procrastinating and feeling sorry for myself
Tryna do something after work what's good
Niggas wanna talk but they can't cause I'm wearing the livest flyest shit
Of course someone at my job would sideswipe my car twice and don't say anything ... Like come u left the color of ur car on my car
NO RT \": Thinking if I should go to the fleet dj conference in Atlanta or not.\"
Why am I not seeing dave chapelle at radio city music hall tonight??!?!(!
Why the hell is Nuno still on this team?
Crying because Christians goodnight texts are always the best.
And I'll punch a bitch like solange
A man with too many hours in his day has too little money in his pocket
Feeling very overwhelmed with copious amounts of kindness. I am deserving of this love. Good night, ya'll :)
I don't wanna see any tweets rn if it's not about the BET's
I go to the outlets to visit my job and leave with new clothes, 2 bags of marshmallows, and a coconut cup
I want to play halo reach and not get out of bed.
Just got free watermelon from Whole Foods because there was no price sticker and everyone was generally too confused to figure it out.
My plan to pay people to follow me through the airport taking my photo while I wear sunglasses and appear to be irritated? Needs to happen.
Una mujer que pone el Whatsapp para que todo el mundo la agregue es una tremenda Rabandola
Tell me again why I'm still in jean shorts?
come on baby , turn around. you're a star girl , take a bow. it's just one thing that's killing me , how'd you get that in them jeans ?
the type of love that makes you want to kill them
Donte whitner Classless cheapshot artist, have fun in cleveland sucking with $$manziel$$
Some old guy with no teeth asked me where I party...
Kapimizin onu pis belediye suclu biz degil, yan bakanin kafasini kirdik o suclu biz degil , komsu fakir biz zengin Allahin takdiri,,,ramazan
When did I subscribe to 's tweets
I wanna get the ps4 just for NBA 2K
When you ride with you realize that driving shotgun with an armed man is a better, QUICKER, idea.
Smoke good weed with a bad bitch
Is it just me or does everyone what to flip off Dave Eggers? Or do I just need more alcohol?
my job all like have a cookout tomorrow . who do they think they are .
Does anyone know how much the wristband is for the saint Catherine's fair?
Nothing says suspense like a clock that is ticking upward
I wanna go to the club in teen wolf
No entiendo porque los RT que hago hace semanas ahora me sale como que no han sido RT y tengo que volver a hacerlo con todas mis idolas U.U
I drafted john wall as my first round pick on my fantasy team in 2k, play my first game, 30 secs in I take a 3 with him, he gets injured
Someone text me before I die due to extreme boredom. Or make me an ice cream cone.
About to get the best night of sleep :')
Was sup for td ?
one tree hill in a nutshell: dads are the worst
I mean ppl always want to be so defeatist. Quoting Camus, denying victories when they occur, because they aren't total.
Why tf am I up marinating chicken rn
But never thanks me for the mention
sum1 in cali help me. I need a blunt. right now
Whyyyyyyy am I working on fourth of July
Might just sit in the car for a little.
Just lost my cheesecake virginity \nI love
This is about to be one dirty game
My mom just said they should use me on birth control commercials
what is it fucking hailing out?!!?!! jfc omfg
I'm just wondering when it gets easier to accept that some people aren't who you thought they were!!
Good choice putting Johansson in
Should I stay up and wait or just go to bed ?
Is that your final answer? *Terry Crews tittie flex*
He was shooting that ball back to holland.
Hitting that New York traffic..
People don't always get it right the first time and that's okay. It's good if you do, but it's not bad if you don't.
I'm getting out of school at 10:45!!!! Ong
I had such a long day , I'm super beat.
Hell yeah!!!! Now don't get complacent . Need one more!
I really don't have like one true friend. There is absolutely no one that I could actually call my best friend &amp; I honestly don't care :)
Sometimes the cards ain't worth a dime if you don't lay 'em down.
Teen Wolf the gayest show ever idk how guys watch it
I love how talks about SCOTUS! Like they are intellectually challenged. They seem to be. Sad, so sad.
hate being alone
so much to do but music is most important
\": Imagine having a SPONGEBOB GPS. id love life\" u need a pizza place and he starts singin \"krusty crab pizza\"
Dear Plz support social media movement to demand Mayweather vs Pacquiao! needs this!
The people in the restaurant next to me are dividing the check and paying each other by phone
All I hear in my head is bass
Let me be Floyd mayweather for one day
It is so hot in my room right now I physically feel like I'm on fire
Lesnar needs to end another streak.
Everybody in ny went to that but ass gay parade
Can someone from jakes plz bring the subway key
Vickie make her feel pain!
My parents singing funky town is making me want to jump out of the moving car
Let's get it, all in or nothing baby!
Idk I'm just a pretty protective person towards those who are important to me
MOLLY IN THAT WHISKEY
After she told me I was pretty, his aunty Lisa said \"Now you can go home &amp; tell your mom his new gf is pretty in real life too.\" LMFAO.
This ain't how its suppose to be
My pinky really not playing games
Best game of the World Cup so far
Migraine meds and muscle relaxers got me feeling wavy
Wow that was a great movie. Just wow.
Ugh I don't feel like traveling tonight
Let me go do my laundry
\": You have to go through the worst to get to the best.\"
Who the hell sets up gaming systems for work?! Is this a slave camp or work?
Y'all like attention.. I like money
They played Blacks folks casting that girl as Aaliyah.
I have decided tonight! &amp; I are getting matching suggestions?
In the study room all loner haha
I wish I could tell you.
\"Are you hungry?\" \n\"No, not really\"\n\"We're having strawberry shortcake soon\"\n\"Okay I guess I'm a little hungry\"
Type of days when you feel in the clouds just bc haters be talking shit
LRT: because I have zero social skills \/ manners \/ a sense of propriety
Si me vas a mentir hacelo bien flaca,crack de la vida
Okay I was kiddin tho. Maybe I still do care
Why is cjs closed on sundays???
I need to go to sleep before I devour everything in the kitchen
Got this fucking look thas literally paint they's gonna think is you know. ! lmfao
Baby u know I tried can't lose u from my life
You ever put your phone in the wrong pocket and it feels completely alien to you?
So it's my 3rd glass of wine and I haven't eatin since 2:40 mhmm..
Today made me realize I miss living in the city so much.
Planet of the Apes got me trying to figure out how I can get away w having an ape as a pet
Great night out in New York! There's something delicious everywhere we turn
S\/o to for earphone rec. I can't hear these dumb art school girls on the bus talk.
s\/o to sxm radio for playing tiesto's set omw home
I feel bad .. benzino mom passed :( RIP
WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT MIDNIGHT DINER FEASTING?!
When you had headache, you still went to a bar. Nice.
may the odds be ever in my favor
I wish I didn't have to take regents ugh
Lmao that was fast
Need a cut so bad, but I'm not gonna do it
Stop acting grown and start being it.
All I want to do is shop, get my nails done or drink and none of those are currently happening
Pase y le hice la visita a charry*--*'
There's something about hangin out with the wicked kids. Take the pill &amp; make it too real
my sister and her friend are so mean to me
If play lime this against they gonna lose. Unless Nigeria plays worse
HAHA LOLLL this show is so fucked lmao
Never incriminate yourself .. Never give yourself rope to hang yourself
My parents are crazy man. Sorry I have guy friends.
I think Clint Dempsey was quite proud of that bloody nose.. \"I deserve this lie down, look, there's real blood, I'm not acting\"
i always have a regent the day italy has a game what is this
When A&amp;B played You Got To Go, I was bawling.
I miss the shit out of parks and rec
The are playing on , I'm going out on a limb and say throws a No-No....hahaha, I cracked myself up !!!!
Is there a tumblr for the costumes people wear on undercover boss? If the answer is no, why haven't I made it?
Elena can't love Damon no no no !!!
if I shall ever fall, Lord pick me up.
Ur an fagget. Ok? Ok
I've just been looking at this paper with my essay prompt for an hour I haven't done any writing
Only got like 2 or 3 niggas
Hate a dumb bitch like shorty where ya head at .
Are you serious ? I'm getting use to the the time change , tf do I do now ?-.-
I can't wait to get off so I can sleep af
niko and mimi\nya girl came thru wit di long neck
Who's a British girl? I need to follow a girl with a accent .
The feeling of not being good enough is always just awesome
I hate when the batteries are dying in the remote.
Glad Costa Rica won, but those penalty shots were maybe 2 yards from goal.
Tim Howard is to the what is to the LA Kings
The only thing I hate more than the drive to Vegas, is the drive back. Always full of traffic.
Hahah OMG I hate when I make mistakes when I tweet :(
My feet are so swollen that if I take off my shoes they won't fit back in again later
Work on the 4th of July should be illegal
In the sauna. Kid thinks he's alone in the locker room doing his best Bieber
Strong talk tonite w about being yourself at work--sports to finance! Thanks
Poland is still better than America
The Portugal goal keeper didn't move a muscle though, just gazed in awe at that rocket by Jones.
if I ever fall into a coma, someone better keep my eyebrows on point or imma be pissed as fuck when I wake up
Bad ass exotic bitch ..not too tall not too short..tatted back mayne
mi madrina se molesto conmigo, porque no quiero que el vaya GUAAA
i wanna go to one of those movies in the park they look so cute
Now for the nba finals
My grandpa thinks I'm a doctor.. Idk what to tell you
Age 30 is when you should stop swooning over Morrisey.
I don't like music but I'd fuck her
It's either black or white no in between shit
My stomach still hurts from drinking last night and I'm gonna drink again right now...do I mind
coconut ciroc is not your friend
Changing my kik name or makin a new one i cant deal with the weirdos and thirsty mfs that be hit'n me up
Why did I come to the gym today? Its wayyyy to crowded
RBG reading her entire hobby lobby dissent from the bench
Playing duck game of death 2 lololol apparently it's a Korean game
In other LATE news, USA vs POR 1-1 fuck yeah
Oh Gosh. Please don't be that guy.
Now that its over stop texting me come pick up your clothes
HONESTY is such a lonely word.
They always seem to forget when they know they fucked up, Instead od making it better or sticking to the promise. Oh well
PSA: The curls are back... Long live the flow
Dam just waking up and not having to b up by 4am feels amazing
Estamos perdiendo, la culpa la tiene RITAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I approach my draft analysis like I do my Philosophy studies at . Perhaps I am too academic about this, lol.
i kinda what to teach her a lesson and not help so she could see the difference
Bought Borderlands 2 :D
Recycling my check into brave goooooood.... at least my closets dope?
Ten million neutrinos walk in to a bar and one says ouch.
Nobody is asking yall to like us though lmao
I don't really fuck with you fully like that though...
sunburn on my nose &amp; I rly dnt know how
Grad practice at 8:30 &amp; then work to 10-close... Going to be one long ass day.
Happy Birthday to one of the realest niggas i knowBOBBY ROSE!!! My nigga since 2010 my D line homie! Turn up my nigga!!!
Tony Parker saved all the points for icing the game
nothing to do in this boring ass town
These little girls are in like 3rd grade and they're already boy crazy
These Kermit pictures are fucking retarded
Today 6 people liked my photos on Instagram and they unliked it right awake because they don't follow me... Creepin on me I c u
Either my sister is still afraid of the conjuring or she just wants me for my temper pedic.. Both totally understandable.
Knotfest Japan 2014 here I come..hopefully
The best part was they were screaming this completely graphic conversation across the dining room. And I was the only female around.
Jason Kidd, lmao.. Don't ever go to BK or NJ every again
Always Sunny in Philadelphia is essentially Seinfeld.
Does anyone even play Draw My Thing anymore?
I just wanna smack somebody !!!
I HAVENT EVEN FALLEN ASLEEP YET WHAT IS LIFE
\"Whats up Laura you wanna make out\" \n\"No I dont wanna make out\"\n\"yeah me either\" AHHAAHAHHAHA
that shirt is wearing is
clapping is really strange if you think about it
Manuel Neuer makes me feel some kind of way
Back to work with a smile after a delicious spicy chicken sandwich from the chik
Uhm can my boyfriend come back now. Kay thanks.
\": \"I heard\" = false information.\"
Selfies are getting out of control; someone needs to stop this madness
Me and Naheria need to talk about tomorrow. I should go
making breakfast for the fam c:
The dude said for 6 months my life would be pretty shitty, and then it would all turn around, with help from a female water sign.
catch us at blackbeards from 6-midnight
Chris is my spirit animal
You can only let someone have so many chances tho
Are there any actually people on twitter rn? I just see ads and random sport tweets
Can't wait for the rematch for Mexico
i miss him everyday. even thou we talk everyday and we're still friends
This ain't nothin but it's all I need
Messi that was dirty
I have close to 20 likes on my profile picture... HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?
\": heh\" what is it sir? Lol
My physical it looms on the schedule\nI wanna be healthy for you
I just bought a fanny pack, it's everything.
\"Jacob I have you a c-section so I wouldn't ruin your face\" \"that didn't work\"
KRHV 302247Z 30010KT 10SM SCT150 35\/13 A2977
I've never had growing pains this bad.. My legs are throbbing.
Just bought Life Of The Party by
Bah agr me lembrei de umas coisas que aconteceram.... vem de dm gata
Mom's getting eye surgery right now, but I'm signing the lease on my new apartment later. Bittersweet day today.
A customer at work said. You know what Shaun \"fuck you\". After he said that I lost it
Making brownies l8er on, they ain't the ones I actually like though
Literally back to caring only about myself
Why is it this last update for Xbox one didn't auto update? It prompted me if I wanted to update now? Previous was automatic.
I stay working on my boat
Haha man so idk how ima get this thc out of my body before they test me
never buying a frisbee from Hobby Lobby again
Me: Chase that was a quick pee!\nChase: Yeah I got pressure man
Felt bad for some chick at the gas station asking for money so I gave her some, even though I know it was for her .
Dear lord I cannot get up
I don't know what to do with my life.
Everybody talks and everybody listen ... Somehow the truth always ends up missin
Wait I missed the bachelorette tonight...
No mercy in Texas.
Relax Altidore you gon' get one baby
Throw that ass in a rectangle
Not sleeping until my Road to the Show pitcher makes the MLB
Just coughed so hard it made me throw up so good morning I guess
Someone get sushi with me tomorrow
Literally screaming WHAT WAS THAT OH MY GOD.
Am currently that nigga at shoprite not wearing a bra
I like the people I talk to on twitter but fuck twitter for being addicting when I need to get up at 6 for work. I blame myself too.
Eek nevermind, he shouldn't have been so botchy the entire 3 minutes after I went to bat for him
I want to chock my boss the fuck out
\": when you be laid back &amp; chill .. you see shit a lot of shit !!\"
After a day off in the redwoods and at the beach, it's back to soccer today. Two games and practice.
I could watch these crazies on the subway have conversations with themselves for hours
I think Alex made me go blind
I h8 tweeting these days bc everyone is asleep late night when my ~creative juices~ are really flowin
Ripped a hole in the knee of my leggings from falling off my bike. Blood is dripping down my leg.
Give up all the anti stuff. It has no critical relevance &amp; isn't even funny anymore. You just sound like a bitter, prejudiced jerk.
I'm currently dying a piece of my hair blue
