Lol so this Dell laptop is mine now
I wish I didn't have too throw away my timbs :\/
how does one say my first name correctly but mess up my last name?
WHITE PPL FAV THINGS TO DO:\n\n1. SHOOT UP SCHOOLS\n2. CALL U A NIGGER ON XBOX \n3. FUCK THEIR PETS\n4. CALL THE COPS ON U
Age 15:\"I just wanna be cool&amp;go to parties.\" \nAge 19:\"I just want pizza&amp;concert tickets. Who needs friends,I have tumblr.\"
2morrow I'm on The Today show w\/Hoda \/kathy Lee speaking about New show withI will also Talk about my book somehow!
We can do this all night
stamp people don't understand da 24\/7 grind
I still have Bjorns handprint on my chest
Afternoon cups of coffee release another level of hyper in me
We're the Millers is by far one of the funniest movie I've ever watched
First time at a game
May The Lord of Glory have mercy upon us all.
I love clit
I love how I talk to all y friends on the regular now
I played soccer with this Ukrainian dude and damn that nigga fast.
LMAO? uDirtyFatBastard;NewSong$Dance WeAintYourRibsButWeWillEatYouRibs.IWantMyBabyBottleBabyNottleBack;+) &amp;WeAreTheBabyBackRibs(O)
Id go to Kings Plaza now cause it's never crowded anymore and the ratchets only go for chipotle.
Let me go to sleep &amp; try to dream !!
listening to the birds chirp , so peaceful .
Who slaps iggy at 1:30 in the morning in the middle of the woods is the real question
Sitting here like a loner iz not da bidnesss but on the bright side I got free food
It was the freaking percocets .. those things would knock me out every 4 hours &amp; now that I'm not on them, I can't sleep
Sorry I like smoking weed ok jeebuss crust
This Next Month Could Change My Life And I'm Ready For It
i just want to be !!!!!!
Why were bellbottoms ever a thing? I hope they never make a comeback but i know they probably will bc people are crazy
About to quit my job and not go in today fuck that shit.
Another one of those days where I just had more time to think, and those days are the bad days. I constantly need something to do.
Someone convince me to actually study.
polo shoes n collard walmart shirt type shit
Super stressed out
My mom trying to trade cars hmmmm
How is bring it on 14 years old?!
And theres nowhere else for me to go but home, of course
Losing in penalty kicks is such a fucked way to be eliminated from the World Cup
Betch if you want a burger eat a burger if you want a French fry eat a French fry!
EAT OUR SHORTS PORTUGAL
Truth. RT: : Anger will eat you alive.
Why is that baby head so fuckn big ?
I get over the everyday things quickly \nI want what everybody else wants, I just want it differently
My mom is cancelling our Fourth of July party for the day.. Like wut
Patrice Bergeron is probably laughing at him with what he played with
Am I wrong for thinking that we could be something for real?
you're my lifesaver
I listen to a lot of NaS and a lot of Kid Cudi
We need Gonzalez and Yedlin off the bench.
I actually wasn't talking to u
Choke artist Ronaldo
Angelina Jolie has the most stunning and classiest tattoos. hope to be her one daaaay.
They promoting their tour like shit. This is business
Wow Emma and Jesus are little to intimate
Mom's ask me where I'm goin ?To my granny house bitch if you ain't knowin *YG VOICE
My dog is really chasing a fly around the house
So many flops in soccer
Went through all this hassle to get you this castle with a bunch of our little rascals
HOW IN THE WORLD DO I USE THE TRITATION FORMULA
Goal by the end of the summer is too stay awake for an entire movie
I hate going to bed with too much on my mind. Or maybe it's as soon as I lay down my mind starts to run wild. Or maybe I'm just losing it.
Make sure y'all wish my bro happy birthday... Real nigga wattup
you read too much into context.
when baes mad at you &lt;&lt;&lt;
If you don't know what guardians of the galaxy are just don't bother watching marvel movies anymore
girl i wanna be more then a friend ..to ya
Women's bowling needs to make a little more room in the trophy cabinet.
Awh shit I completely forgot, whoops oh well.
Every time I read over what I'm supposed to be able to do August i cry a little inside
lmfao when they called my boyfriends name i couldn't even yell no1 liked him
My life has consisted of developing myself into a good woman...
I'm sitting here thinking, \"Why am I so tired.\" Then I realize, I took my sleeping pills an hour ago. .
I'm up not sleepy just got in and got the free but still sleeping alone smh that don't sound right
I just want to get tattooed but in summer I'm out in the sun to much so it would be pointless and id ruin it
\"If you haven't found your path, don't worry you will.\" - Dr. T. Alan Hurwitz, President
Lol at all of you taking summer school
IF YOU SUCKIN THE DPURS COCK MIGHT AS WELL SMD TOO
I don wanna fall in love, I wanna fall asleep
Seems like the are giving up. Poor performance.
\"xxxpotato69xxx\" ya I send naked potatoes hmu
If someone ever put my address on twitter I'd bug
Well you won't be missed !
komikm iydi knk
Yeeeeeaaaaaa get in there 1-0
Anyone know when Belt will be with the baby Giants?
Fell in love with the Sloss Minor record. Power pop is alive and well.
USA USA USA!
Great day in NYC with Ellen. Lunch at the Brooklyn Diner. Then, the Carol King musical, . Loved it! Great performances!
Honestly regret not getting that fried cheesecake. Damn you Del Mar Fair!
Clash of Clans is REALLY addicting
\": oh\"i miss you em
I was suppose to run this summer...lol not happeninf
There we go
Bettman and Stern embraces the boos.
I'm pretty sure I rt more than I actually tweet
Day of delays \/ first the subway is broken with lots of apologies, now the plane's on the runway at JFK, and we've had 4 - ack
If you don't like it, learn to love it!
I fell in love with the girl at the rock show
Taking sips from the fountain of youth
1 out of 7 ppl in Puerto Rico hooked on drugs &amp; the islands hospitals are not equipped to handle.
New day = New grace, new chances, new blessings, new expectations, new beginnings, New ME, etc...
Retweets are the thoughts the a tweeter really means to tweet
Thinking about it makes me miss those times a lot
Till the sweat drop down my bawls! LMFAOOO
This rain needs to go away
She can tell people that. Fuck I hope she tells people that hahahaha. Yo this weekend I was the champ
I love my dog so much even though she jumped on my head to wake me up this morning
Now I got time to think of all I could've done different
If Janine is free I'm bout to kidnap this girl lol
Talks just ended. Next stop dinner party!
My mood is stuck between killing everyone and wanting sex
eat &amp; talk to bae RT : 2) favorite thing to do?
Drink my 40 oz of freedom while I roll a blunt cause the kids just ain't all right \n
Let's fucking goooo 1-0
People gotta start taking responsibility for what they do
Would you rly want to be around urself knowing you broke someone's heart? And you didn't even try to fix it?
Oh, oh that's a burn I wasn't expecting tonight. Crap. Can Monday be here already? Want to improve my ST resume...
Cloes gonna be really heated when she wakes up to Tremor blasting through the house :-)
Going to burn a character and watch The Wire.
&amp; i know i help out ..
You may have worked one too many overnight shifts when you're texting people at 4 in the morning on a Thursday like it's no big deal.
I still want pancakes. I feel like a burrito all wrapped up in the covers under the cool fan.
Even if I don't meet you, my life is so much better than if I didn't even know you existed
Everyone is so proud of the colleges they are going to and I'm just like what up Brookdale
Still waiting on that good news.
It'll hurt like hell, but it will be worth it to save someone's life.
Pray for me... All north and west bound planes are grounded. I love how they only tell us when we've already boarded...
A day to celebrate our nation and the forefathers who began the never ending debate over states rights vs federal rights... Play on!
Five men on one side, four women on the other. So disappointing, so not surprising.
note to self find a Buddhist temple in these skreeets it's been a minute I feel like I'm letting grandma down
I had one more buck on my plate, it was me and bro We was in the store &amp; both of us got 50 cent cakes!!
The FOMO is real right now why am I not in AC
Biggest pet peeve: Late replies and one word replies. It literally drives me crazy.
my dad said I'm like a cat because I'm a good cuddler
MGK has a great fucking flow and you can't deny that shit
That dunk tho
There's this one girl, and I really just want to punch her in the fucking face
Saw things clearer once you were in my rearview mirror
And I'll be the wrong one if I flirt and sub niggas right?
Times like this i need my pops to kinda talk me off the ledge
I've tried to kill the pain by shooting whiskey through my brain, but it never works, it only makes it worse.
Howard is a wall
10) when got throat aids otherwise know as mono from being a pimp.
All This Hate I See Towards 4th Of July ...
Andi. Come ON. Andi. For real. Andi.
Had an awesome day reconnecting with Shy :') i missed this girl!
Last call for anyone who wants to ball
Last day in NYC gotta do it big
You don't know the definition of tough love until you have your parent as a coach
Is the book club a real thing because I'm actually excited
Do I go around it? Or go over it?
\"Gol de los Estados Unidos\"
So many words I would love to change in alot of music I listen to today they are built on hate n help sinning b ok so I remove them mentally
Abc Little Mix
I don't even know where to begin explaining how I feel
they came for revenge
Lmao he talking about Jay Z and Solange
Talking about my ex should have her feelings 6 hours away in the Bronx LMFAOOOOO FUCK OUT MY FACE
Applebee's with my family !!! S\/o too my sister for graduating ...
I bet I look like a fool waving down a taxi.
I wish I could pull off crazy colored pretty hair like that ~ sigh
Loveeeeeee Song X What Now X Stay
I could manage the shit out of this game but I'll stick to township girls soccer
PLANETARY INTERGALACTIC Kelly Johnson hit that one to MCA's house.
Learned a valuable lesson today...pillows are actually for old people...
Idk why my brother doesnt get a babysitter to watch his kid...its always me
Just realized Sayreville is not spelled sayerville...oops
All I want is to go see the sunset with a nice cup of coffee, but NO
I have never been bothered by A president and his decisions more than I am now.
chocolate covered gummy bears are life
i dead be coming to crib across the hall when niggas hoggin my bathroom
Miami is so depleted. Spurs just too good
I see life in a different way now,
Do you ever wanna do someone how they do you but don't cause it's out of character
Why am I so tired
\"Sugar in the bloodstream cures sunburn\" - Kenny Fleekop trying to get me to eat more chocolate cake
Wow thanks for all your responses. Until further notice Roo is going off peanut butter! Casualty = rug
Love that !! ...
Finally......I am finally going to a SF Giants game tonight
maybe I'll replace marissa with salad cause I bet you, salad would always believe me@
Annoying doesn't even describe you.
I know he plays for manure...but would love to see Hernandez score for Mexico
Why can't I be like my friends and not give a fuck about anything ?
The joke is over it so chill out.
No today. Follow whomever you want. It's Independence Day!!!
You start to get that tear in your eye when you start having flashbacks of the best times in high school, with friends and everyone
I don't know how people can even deal with this shit
\"When you tell the truth you don't have anything to hide.\"--FANNIE LOU HAMER
When you're tired of relationships, try a romance.
Confused to why Kee has a fetish for Mr.Klimo
Wdmc is dis I'm still up Jed
That was so badass
My phone battery is awesome, charges fast &amp; barely dies
I wish i can throw partys
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN!
EDM culture smh... i'm not hating on waiting for the drop but pls dont drop dead while you're at it. stay safe kids.
MESSI IS GOD. HE IS GOD.
I dont work till 5. Im chillin.
Happy birthday .... A future great ruler of this planet
Charging my phone in mcdonalds because gansverloot is sius
Whats more American then shooting guns on the Fourth of July
GOAL USA USA USA
But i do miss my hubbbbby
I don't know how I'm functioning right now.
my sister is watching teen wolf but i'm gonna wait until tomorrow to watch it with
I wanted to be a suicide girl and get snakebites and join an all girl screamo band. Now I bump migos religiously.
Just tried leaving the cart in the parking lot and some lady made eye contact so I had to walk it to the thing. Weak
Like niggah damn why can I give good advice but not take my own? I guess that's why I have when I need someone
I want to be a better judge of character. How do I make this happen?
talking all this rap shit early in the am , where the money doe ?
Omggggg I love you so much!!!
Skipping class tomorrow to watch the USA game!
I have to get up early and leave by 7:45
I like New York so much because everything's open when I am
I miss and
Holy shit that kick to the nose looked brutal
You may be the king, but watch the queen conquer...
I dont know if i should drink or watch it at home. Just in case...
Twitter fights are what I live for
I can't wait to get back in my bed
Jk I don't like this.
Justin is way out of Shawn's league. don't even compare them
Giving up on your goal because of a set back is like slashing your other three tires because you have a flat one
If I could not work out and still look like The Mountain from game of thrones that would be fantastic. Being sore sucks.
There ain't no rest for the wicked, money don't grow on trees.
I WISH every item that was lost at , if I were to find them all I would to TURN IT IN to LOST AND FOUND.
I'm so fascinated by this shit
I see you with that Unfollow aha
I guess being honest is being rude. My fault!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Hands down top 10 funniest tweet on here
Crazy way for summer to start off ...
Soy una de las personas que llora cuando aleja me cuenta sus historias con erwin.
Enjoying listening to my son watch Three Stooges on YouTube. Slapstick is timeless and appears to be for 8 year olds!
Penalty kicks is such a bad way to end a season it should just be extended time sudden death
Damn heats gone cold.
I turn 33 in one month. I need to do something fun. It's not a chemo week! That's a gift in itself!
A girl came in asking if we had Portugal shirts for the World Cup and I wanted to respond with 'go back to your country'
Fuck nigga i don't wanna be your homie
Ahh leave me alone ahhh go away helpppp
I forgot how great Demi Lovato's third album was.
Encontre en tw a Karim y a Luciano :D
Let the \"GOAAAAALLLLL\" tweets begin
Can you tell I'm pissed or naw
WHEN ITS COLD OUTSIDE, IVE GOT THE MONTH OF MAY
Anyone want to drive up to allegany
If you post legit selfies that are edited and posed for mad hard on twitter you need to sit down
We all know Hakeem is giving his 4K to me.
Potato coma is the worst type of food coma
Hahaha I was tweeting Dylan O'Brien like he was gonna answer me
Have an hour left to make a wcw
Mi debilidad tiene nombre y apellido.\n- Liam Payne
The oranje trio RVP-Robben-Sneidjer is crumbling today
Where da henn at? \": bout 2 turn it up in 1 minute\"
Took less than two minutes of them being next to eachother for me to dip a brush into the vodka soda instead of the water pot
Yo you elbowed me in the mouth last night you prick lol
Looking to open up my own Studio down here for my Artists
Otters know what to do with their big fat butts. \nWigglewigglewiggle.
We're here for you !!
My new toothpaste makes me want to brush my teeth every ten minutes
Why is apples w cheese so good??
I woke up at 9. Still haven't got out of bed
Dad and Chloe playing battle ship\nTELL ME WHERE YOUR SHIP IS OR YOURE GROUNDED -Dad
Had my face painted, gave a piggy back ride and carried a camper, got hugs and was told I'm fun and awesome. It's only day one.
Robin Williams is just this drunk muttering hobo
I don't know where I'd be without these Marines to encourage me.
Jordan must of put it on her if she's tweet like this rn
Kind of glad bro could go to the gym I'm goin back to that stu stu studioo
Tengo un \"Te he esperado toda la vida\" atorado\n
When I'm off talking to other people because you don't respond, don't get mad.
Take a second to remember they were white man that fight wasn't that fucking interesting
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL LIONEL MESSI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Half the time I got it right, I probably guessed
Let's make it a long hit since its been forever
I can breathe a little bit better now.
Stuck being bored for the night I guess...
I'm tired of this pre show shit, hurry up and start B.E.T. awards
Hate having to get up so early when it's supposed to be summer ugh
Oh wait I know why!
Responder a sapp mi hija y que telefono llamame a mi cell .......hay mi molx es de vida o muerte
Tb: To when Kendra was driving and almost ran over a guy and almost killed the girls
When I feel crappy I am crappy.
Me and Lexie about to.throw the hands I DON'T EVEN CARE
Vidcon seems like it would be super fun
My attempt at packing includes grabbing random pieces of clothing scattered around the floor and throwing them into a large duffel bag.
Today is my only day off and all of my friends are working...too typical
USA ISNT GOING DOWN
These food commercials at 1am. Seriously... come on now
Omg I just wanna hang out with someone. I've been laying in bed all damn day
It comes with a lot of responsibility to be a older brother
Miss these bitchs
My whole family is here except for smh
Can't wait for the on Sunday
You can't escape it bros, there's a 84.89% percent chance that you'll meet a girl you really like that likes playing Britney Spears
It's not Aviciis fault or the venues... How many people died at Size in the Park last year?
Google Chrome Blog : Hulu Plus now works with Chomcast
parece ser gente boa.
Erdiablooo estede vieron ese codazo
Fuck the spurs bumass west coast bitches...
Now I'm seeing that your kinda lame, knowin how the situation changed
Channeling my BFF and cheering on Argentina!
Two weeks.... Before the wedding.
How about the lady at the Porsche dealership Dan ? Discounts on oil changes and maintenance! ;-)
Kimberly is entirely fake for not texting me back
\": Can't wait for August now ...\" but the world cup will be over
beeee on Facebook, not there for me.
Im 5'9 With a big Dick.
Spurs playing the flopping game just as good as the heat do
210 I'm so infatuated with you I loveeee you a lot hang again asap
Every day, I hear noises in my kitchen and I'm like OH SHIT MICE. But then I remember that I'm just cooking bacon.
Nothing I love more than the beach
Classic Messi goal!!!
Amazing day with and while he was there
22 jump street
Feels good to be back n . I thinks its been 5 years since I took a trip here.
Regretting replacing my smoke alarms with nest protect. Sensor failures, offline, etc. More complicated does not = better.
This could be us but you're playing.
Its so nice out but my ankle hurts too much for me to play ball :(
All I had time to do was think &amp; my thoughts took over obviously
1 year as a coach doesn't get you full control of bball operations. Kidd knows on the court, doesn't get how hard job of GM is
damn new twigs is kinda disappoint :(
.Please let the military recruit at pride. They may not be perfect but they are essential to our country. Respect the end of DADT.
Crushing this day with a
I wish I had a dog to take on walks
Why TI talk like he been in jail all his life ?
Is It October Yet
About to go down the rabbit hole. Expect to emerge more informed w\/ just enough knowledge to be dangerous, in a good way!
Im coming back on my worst behavior
Boo I have a big meeting at 9 am. What time should I leave to get tickets?!
of the game
It's almost 1am and I need to go to bed but I can't stop singing \"Better Half\" by my
FACT: Flights between MSP and JFK are approximately 45% grandchildren
PLOT TWIST: All of you guys look alike to me
Gotta lot of ass you gon shake that thang or nah
I like to think I'm Ariana Grande when I sing One Less Problem
I hate Alina for ruining a book before I even started reading it
Alarm is set for 3:30AM!!why do I do this to myself here I come with a detour to the Grand Canyon
Whats there to do in mtk when its fucking monsooning?... GET DRUNK
Getting ready see all the tapes watch them scatter has they did no wrong
Pinches weros !
I know I make a lot of mistakes and am certainly not perfect by any means but at least I don't pretend to be.
WHAT IS lol I wanna know so I can use it
Few feelings are as good as shipping new product.
i will learn how to surf by the end of this year.
Road Trip Thought 8: Rage Against the Machine will provide the soundtrack for all my driving in L.A.
\" Or nah \" is getting on my last never &amp; the person that says it the most won't stop when I tell them Lmao! \"OR NAH my Ess\"
God gives me peace when I need it most.
I'll be sleeping Til 10 tomorrow &amp;I getting IHOP with Steph so who's happy... This girl
Would anyone like to FaceTime , text , talk or anything ?
someone come to open gym with me tonight :~)
I'm gonna miss the seniors, they're a great class
I look forward to pride the way some people look forward to Christmas.
Ashanti that wig gotta go ma
\"I sold my xbox to get gas 1 time\"-Sean Murphy
Then we gonna smoke mad blunts after we hit the gym
Talked Army into seeing A Fault In Our Stars. Don't know if I'm concerned about his crying or the moisture of this theater.
Always respected you for the incredible work you did. Los Guerreros 4 ever! Thank you
I came in clutch talkin to those Sonora bitches
If I was dying rn my mom would have no clue cause she doesn't know how to answer the phone
Any Asian girl slander?
Who needs a del mar fair ticket 10$
Why is boateng on the bench?! He's their best player
Just one of those days when ur bored out of ur mind.
Super wacky trip to SF this weekend. Glad to be headed home
It's the pink print... ha ha
\"You put ya cock in her ass ?\"
Put WONDO IN
Gonna look so shitty too! Like OMG no
I need to come clean with some people
Always remember to stretch before working out kids.... I think I threw out my back
We don't know what we want, were young and stupid.
I'm tryna get baked and watch mouse trap
yo voy flipandolo cada vez mas..
USA USA USA LETS FUCKKINNNN GOOO
I accidentally put on the Spanish channel... I have no clue what's going on right now
James \"Nasty Knees\" Neal.
Does the ball lie?
just realizing now that I missed air Dubai so that's cool
YASS MESSI YAAAAS
Awwww fine china should win but his is rough
\"So 8 dollars\"\n\"What? Why 8 dollars?\"\n\"2 dollars from both of us\"\n\"That's 4 dollars\" college student
If you still have a song as your ringtone you're a thot *subs at naqiyah*
Desde ya empiezo el calentamiento para esperar el partido de Colombia, modo: Futbol
Need an open nail place
And to this day I still don't have any idea what poke means on Facebook... Good night
\"If I like put this idea on the Internet, people would be like 'This kid's kinda smart.'\" -
Keeping my lab's tech in my prayers. That poor woman has to deal with a lab full of Muslim grad students this month.
I guess I put myself in this predicament though
I really need to buy a new phone
ever have a moment when you stop and think: thank God i am NOT about THAT LIFE anymore!
Manu just cause mass suicides all heat fans killing themselves
HOLY FUCK I JUST WOKE UP AND MY HAIR IS BRAIDED AND I DID NOT BRAID IT I AM SO SCARED
im gonna go home now. probably sleep right away
derek mais q gato
This heat got me fucked up
I legit just turned on my tv and it's already 1-0.
This game too good
Carlos Galdos, no entiendo como les puede resultar gracioso, no entiendo...
Listening to summer of 69 by
Is there any possibility that everyone feels like me yeahhhhhh
i love your eyes; the way they look when you're uncomfortable.
Through all their faults, I love endlessly. There are so many reasons why I'd keep someone as a friend. So many.
\"he's fucking sexy for a little kid\"
I wish I could screenshot my cracked screen
In a world of disingenuous people, it's okay to be the diamond in the rough.
Most in r not drunks or ppl distracted by electronics. They r who only drive 4 on .
Just don't understand why it's so fucking cold
Sometimes I want to delete everything, never talk to anyone again, and just disappear.
Now keep the pressure on boys
WHY DO YOU STALK MY BF I DONT FREAKING GET IT HOLY SHIT!
1 - I miss you man :( y'all need to come back I'll kidnap you.
I need a retwist
Looking through my old pics. Man, I used to party a lot :x
My mom just told me I'm grounded for last night HAhahaha if she thinks last night was bad she can just wait til tonight
Get ready for every non public company to declare a religion.
For everything. But most of all, I'm thankful for my girl.
why is the only fucking movie I wanna watch not online wtf
The best days are spent just hanging with the ones you love
We turning up at graduation practice tomorrow or naw?
Making fried cabbage w\/ bacon and ground beef and the apartment smells sooooo good. Southern food is the best food.
My dream is to sell my house in San Francisco and move to a BIG new house in Texas (but not alone) :(
Trey Songz always gives me a bottom who likes soft backshots
jack reacher wants to be bullitt so bad rn
Sue is the prettiest girl in town but she is like venom to your veins
I'm still not over the Take Me Home album, and I will never get over the Midnight Memories album bc that shit is like having sex w\/the guys
Tried to make you mine hoe, tried to make some time hoe but I aint got the time or the patience to stop and wait in line hoe -Kendrick lamar
USA USA !!!!
I've realized Mina won't accept the fact that I'm not her bae and she's not mine. Delusional shorty, Bendito.
Wish it was easier to finish school and make bank at the same time damn
I've never understood how a kid can shit in the pool and just leave like it's no big deal
So I'm making $21 an hour to sit on my ass for the next 5 hours
what are some good shows or movies on netflix?
I need a vacay. But not settling for a California city, me and Jack are saving up for Jamaica. Lol or Hawaii?
La mama de eze me llamo por mi cumple antes de mi mama ;)
Is age just a number?..lol idk
She fell in love with the bad guy
Yo Kev, do you have my pedal for my kick drum and my hi-hat? LOL
I'm gonna tweet it three more times get some rest and tweet again
Like shit from when I was six years old everything
\"I do what I wanna do that's all that Eva mattered. Neva been one to chase what these Otha people been afta.\"
a nigga could look like a 10 with a hat on but without it will look like a 4, it's the same with bitches wearing makeup
USA with the goal in the first 30 seconds. Wow
Finding it hard to find things to smile about
never noticed that rose blimp in the opening credits before
Can't wait to get home and get naked.
Don't be hatin if u aint out like me
Niggas fucked up and you still defending em
Lowkey ass people needa be called out sometimes sorry not sorry
People will judge you no matter what.
perfection exists, it just varies by each person's opinion
If you don't RT my last tweet you're un-American
Homegirl won't speak espanol in front of me anymore
I'm in the NYC Drag March. But I'm tempted to abandon for .
In case you already didn't know lol
Asked my cousin to hang out with me... He told me no he actually has friends unlike me...... K.
How tf is there no bathroom here niga I gotta pee!
Aye papi you gon Kik me or nah
it concerns me there's a family bathroom
We all have that one friend that snapchats themselves shitting at least once a day
My big is working 2 jobs, an internship, and is taking a summer class... All while stressing over being wait-listed for my nursing school
USA took the lead !!
Monday night chillin' with and ... wouldn't trade it for the world
. . . . . keyshia sit down you not gettin an award.
Not a yellow card offense
if you're mad that's too bad sounds like a personal issue
Why does my business spread around so quickly
I live in t-shirts and shorts
if I could just be a kardashian for a day I would literally die
Loco por besarte ;'
- here in new yOrk with the Bae &lt;3 &lt;3 !! LOve YOu !
How the fuck is it already the end of June
Your top make up blogs: GO!
Having the best pride ever!!! Xo
On ustream with the sis go to her tweets for the link to watch!! :)
I lose my temper so quickly its annoying
I just got this phone and it doesn't fucking work. And I don't have patience. UUUUUUGHHHHH FJSHDFJKGHSDJKFH mad.
my cat is so fucking annoying
Jonathan is also letting me sleep on his bed tonight while he sleeps on the futon .
Well if any one wants to know I'm frezzing my nuts off waiting for a kid to go to the bathroom for the second time in 34 mins.
Felicidades a los hermanos ticos! Orgullo Centroamericano!
What would life be without Netflix?
Oooo that's the type of shit I hate
I wear highwaisted shorts. Do I care when guys say they are ugly???? NOPE
I swear next time they schedule me to work for an hour and 50 minutes i will flip a bitch
Yo I really wish I was naturally funny.
It's probably stupid to wear wakeup. It's only going to melt off in this crazy heat
You keep me running, keep me running
Is this your wing Or Nah
I think bae had a party &amp; didn't invite me
Go ahead and call him a liar, but he was my right hand man when I was in charge, and I'll believe him before a single word you say.
Like is you mad or naww RT \": oh shut uppp\"
who want to go see 22 jump street
The amount of chances I gave you.
Watching The Station Agent with Peter Dinklage. Great movie and great acting by Peter. Check it out!
by the end of the year I want at least 13k
My snapchat story is basically me and rich acting like dumbasses
Cassie - Paradise ft. Wiz Khalifa
And I already have to get ready for work
In a few hours, I will have to wake up from this beautiful dream.
me gusta la gente forra
Like you know when someone's getting old so they try mad hard to get into young things again
The whole stadium actually did the wave ayeee
Una cosa es ser cortante y otra no escribir como idiota.
Is it weird I always have to stretch before bed it helps me sleep better
Procrastinating so hard tonight to finish my chem and trig final review
Use me for plans but wen u got some my number no where in Ur call log ?
I have not had lean in a long time. I can use some right now
\" I r not a q tip\"
How to decide how much are your employees worth? The words of the
I heard your ballbag looks like burnished leather
All of the T-shirts I work in were given to me free at basketball games in 2012-2013 season. Idk what this says about me
esperaria que fuera tongo. Si no va Medel estamos liquidados. Neymar nos vacuna seguro. Brasil no arroya pero marca.
\"I thought Father's Day was yesterday.\" - My brother, the worst son ever.
Alicia keys junior and what not
If I can make you laugh lol that means a lot cuz I don't try to be funny aha I be serious asf.
\"Popular Girls\" From My Old School Think They Are So Cool
Good looks with that own goal Bosnia. Sick gift for Argentina.
Someone come over and bring food and movie please, I'm so bored.
If your girl was even half as hot as my girl you would settle too
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads that are actually there for their kids!!
I would go to football tomorrow but I don't have a ride
Girl I know sometimes that I mistreat ya and ya still come back
I'm so excited about the next couple of days!
EVERYONE DTOP WHAT YOURE DOING TOY STORY 3 IS ON
When did you become a stranger?
Why are people hating so much on CR ?
I got really scared of eating popcorn but I totally forgot I didn't have braces anymore
I think LI makes me hungry and NYC doesn't
A pessoa me chama no face pergunta se eu namoro '' meu filho eu nao namoro mais gosto de alguem beiju e tchau
Good people get hurt by bad people and all you can do is be there for them like they were when bad people hurt you
Live as if you were to die tommorow
hmmm a playboy bunny just followed me lol
Today is going to be far from a productive day at work
Last I knew breaking up and getting back together and always fighting never determined you two being together forever
YAAAAAAAAS JONES SIMPLY SENSASTIONAL
no es lo que me gusta, si no lo que me encanta dios mio..
Might do that 5k run
Sometimes I can't explain why I don't trust someone... but then they go ahead and do something messed up, and so I understand
Dempsey probably has a broken nose. That looked so painful!
Getting so much love on this avi like what
When I tell Casey and ness about stuff with softball I guarentee they have no idea what I'm saying
i just fuck her.. catching feelings niggas don't have time for that
July 4th = Wear Flag Tank Top And Army Fatigue. Americans Are So Fucking Literal. Fashion Is Dead. And Yet I'm The Wierdo!
I wish you would just answer, I actually care
My last text: You texted the wrong person, mom
I see you miss ! How you doing gurl?
y a le projet de mon reuf qui arrive laaaaa \net y a celui de !! soyez pret !! badaboom
KSJC 301453Z 28003KT 10SM FEW140 SCT180 19\/14 A2984 RMK AO2 SLP103 T01940144 53006
This annoucer drives me insane
You gonna slide in MY texts to curve ME? Lol that's a new one.
Can't nobody love you like I'm gonna love you
in love with all the graffiti
I hate when commercials reveal too much
I need friends who don't fucking flake all the time.\nBut I hate people so much.
I get money by the pound
Is it socially acceptable to wear a spongebob snuggie to grad practice
I hide my feelings because that's the best way not to get hurt.
It was with a white boy of course !!!!!
The difference between missing someone only when you were sad and missing someone when you have the happiest moments in your life.
Ariel speaks to me like i dont have a brain
About that guy who kept following me around on Varick street last night
I hate being home by myself at night time.
Am I a girl or nah
So who's takin me to the WWE live event here in bakersfield
Lmaoooo RT \": Imagine if DBZ was with black folk. They woulda never been able to do father son kamehameha\"
She got me feeling some type of way. &lt;3
If you dont do it someone else would
These cookies and milk are so good but there hurting my stomach so bad
Step 1: Go to . \nStep 2: Use .\nStep 3: Eat the best meatballs you've ever had in your life.
Just finished listening to the whole of what a lovely record its truly a privilege to listen to I cant stop crying
Goooooooaaaaaaalllllllll!!!!!!!!!!! Usa usa usa usa usa usa
You made your self look like a hypocrite take your own advice into consideration
She describes everything as \"______ as fuck\"
DONT PULL A LEBRON SMH
you can't love someone and then wake up one day and decide you don't love them anymore. if you think you can you're a piece of shit.
When you realize the person you think is your boulder thinks of you only as a pebble. &lt;&lt;
If YOU only knew what I was doing now! Feeling relaxed ;)
Great performance by they definitely deserved a draw but got unlucky with the own goal!
I hate It so much when I'm telling the truth and no one believes me and insist that I'm crazy and lying
Dinner date with my babe
I've noticed everyone here in NYC wears converse
My first love broke my heart for the first time
Getting contacts is a cool and objective way of figuring out if you really hate your face or not
And in the morning, hate middle of the day smoking sessions
I can't look at any more photos of Tokyo today.
No expectations are the best expectations
That's such a shitty thing to do
That was a stupid question nvm
Las notif que le deben llegar pobre Eva jajaja
I can't wait till next Friday
Im so tired! I need some sleep
my dreams bug me tf out
My life looks so boring compared to the lives my parents lived when they were my age.
Some people take Xbox too seriously. It's meant for fun, not making.money, or getting known. Just laugh and do what makes you happy.
Always a fucking issue.. Every fucking day.. Jealous ass niggas..
I can't with this show no more
Today wasn't the best. I'm looking forward to the weekend.
Where is Obama? Smh terrible
wait my sister are sitting front row orchestra right, let's trip Corey
LET'S GO USA
orange is the new black is giving me nausea
The US is still alive in the and is coming back? This is definitely the best timeline.
And a rider thats gon hold me down no matter what.
I almost feel in the toilet that would have been embarrassing
You can give me attitude all you want. I just hope you feel better at the end of it.
Where is drake ? It's more his song then Wayne's
I need a beer ... You know what make that two and ummm don't forgot the drugs ! I need dat tonight
Could you be any more naive???
My summer is gonna be whack. It's just facts
I can't even picture me saying \"my boyfriend\" anymore
On a scale from 1 to even...
Claud just sent me a booty pic.. I guess this means were for real now
babygirl finally got her thumb in her mouth yaaaaay!!!! she's been trying to do that for weeks&lt;333
Its all hitting me now... finally after four months of hard work I'm a NYS EMT.
Big softball game tonight
PSA I am at 's dairy farm
Looks like things are starting to get a little Messi. Lol get it
Last part ! Lets go costa rica !!
Sitting in the car waiting for Life Of The Party to come on so I can fangirl
Can't wait to get home to eat.
\": They Been In The Air Huh? Lmfaooo\" Michael. Leave. Now.
But now we dont speak the same language
If you want it you gotta see it with a clear eyed view
I wish I could smack the shit outta some people with out retaliation.
people set immature ass goals, saving up for a tattoo or a new iphone, no bitch saving up to take my family on vacation, help pay bills
It takes me like 6 dabs to get as high as most people do off one
It's been Danielle's dads birthday for at least 6 weeks now.
Hahaha did that really just happen
Thank you for the chia latte, I missed you!!!
\"Never trust a bitch that says AWWWWW YA'LL SO CUTE\"
I'd hold you closer than I ever did before and you'd never slip away
watching me, myself, and irene
Its Jozys turn now! I can feel it
\"Dancing in the desert blowing up the sunshine.\"
Tell me that the pussy is mine.
I literally forgot about my project for my host family
The struggle between wanting to look cute and just wearing a t-shirt and shorts
I would do anything just to go shopping
Already been asked on the phone 12 times if the mall is open today. Well Sherlock I answered the phone so what does that tell you?
I hate the spurs so much Patrick mills is the biggest clown I've ever seen
The trunk in the tree of negative emotion is blame. All negative emotions require blame for their survival. Stop blaming &amp; stop negativity.
Hey, you where's a cool place to have relationship fights? Not the internet
Never look back dumbstruck boy ego intact
It is so amazing how time flies.... where did time goo
Whos trying tp go up to thatcher to watch the sun set?
I'm so done with this shit it's beyond embarrassed.. kids show no heart
Holy fuck!!!!!!! DEMPSEYYY!!!!!!!!!!
It's really not that hard to do what your suppose to do
you are the only love I need :)
Given the chance id propose to this girl
1) John Green's activism is leagues better than his literature \n2) lightbulbs were invented by a gigantic asshat &gt;
I'm gonna make your stomach bulge
I hate when people post nasty IG posts. People having sex type shit, unfollow unfollow.
they turned it into a big weird shitty rave like everything else
Jumping out on anyone if they Tryna say something
MY DAD ASSUMES SO FUCKING MUCH ITS FUCKIN ANNOYING
I'm craving chocolate milk for some reason like ugh. Why. I'm lactose intolerant I shouldn't even be craving milk.
I wonder how many times I've been 'd and didn't even know it.
USA 1 Gana 0 in first 30 sec
..if you know what I mean
We have 2 Draft picks now? Iight
All I will say is that I lost my best friend.
I just did the most incredible dance
This list of books I want to read keeps getting longer and longer
If you were planning on going to Dunkin donuts at 1573 Lakeland Ave in Bohemia don't because it doesn't fucking exist
What we leave behind is a part of us
Yeah she's what I would call a \"studio singer\" sounds good in the studio but not so great live.
Wouldn't have wanted to spend my last school night any other way.
Cash Rules Everything Around Me ;
Dempsey boutta screw someone up
Per Mertesacker not starting for lame.
I'm glad I wore shorts to work cus it's way to hot in here!!
mom just got me depressed
Congrats to on being the first Indian player in the NBA! Not a kings fan but I'll be rooting for you man!
Never do I wish death upon anyone but seriously this lady can go die. It's not like she's important
65 hoes on my dick bitch it's Christmas
Putting together a bucket list for the summer.
Girls at the gym with buff ass backs isn't that tight.
HOLY SH******T!!! USA USA USA
Mobile is \"a big deal\"
Wake up, don't cry. So sad inside. I still get through the day. And I'm gonna make it anyway. this song is amazing.
I've been eating pretty good lately tho should I rly ruin in with Ben and Jerry's?
Social circles they spin to fa a ast for me.
Who wants to go to best buy with me!?
I respect all opinions and decisions, but if you're a girl who has gotten an abortion or a guy who has pushed her to get one, suck my dick.
I got hella dirty again stacking some more recycle in my grandpa's truck. Fuckerdy!
Tonight's double feature is THE TERMINATOR and ALIENS. Giddy. Up.
AGORA ME DIZ QUE O CRISTI NAO FOI COMPRADO PRA NAO JOGAR BEM!!!!
Hate car rides
Anyone have any ideas for a gt change?
If you do Then that's called being ashamed of yourself &amp; that's how you grow insecurities .
But I always expect too much.
Mamiss ko? Tay nu 6PM adda agtex \"yan mon?\" Nga aggapo ken madre.
Take peralta out ! He's fucking lazy and doesn't do shit
Burned on the river twice&lt;&lt;
bro I am so white when it comes to my fave music
Amazing fact from the IO Conference \"Across the world, people check their Android phones an average of 120 times a day.\"
Columbusing: when white people discover things that have existed for a long time. I just discovered this term
I'm so excited to see the dance show tomorrow :)
Wtf I missed the goal
a really hot blonde guy just called me cute... is this a dream?
Don't take anything for granted .
Kinda wanna cry because johannsson and gonzalez arent starting but whatevvvv
fucking idiot wants to ditch me for his sugar daddy but im a bad friend?! LOL
Summer nights are so easy on the mind
Some females think they deserve the world and more but they do nothing for their nigga to give them that
Whistleblower suits over doubled this past year.
I Dont Know How You Feel Can You Tell Me, I Won't Know How You Feel Till You Tell Me, Is It Cause A Nigga Handsome And Wealthy?
Need to get out of this country
Watching bachelorette and drinking wine by my lonesome......
i know kids are wrong a lot of the time but that doesn't mean parents are never wrong. swallow your fucking pride bitch
\": You're all i need :)\"\n\nIndirect to bubble gum ice cream
Just pull me down hard and drown me in love
Remember when MJ surprised James Brown on stage and they danced together? BET will never and can never top that moment.
This Courts conservatives hate unions. They love to pit worker vs worker.
Evidently blue moon comes in cans and we stock it at the office now.
It is going to be 100 on Wed. Worry about my veggies in the garden.
Get a new one so who ever took it please show me you can be a better man and give it back to me please thank you
great goal Messi! Lets go Argentina
breaking news: ashton doesn't know how to use iTunes
I just saw and they were very good and funny episode
Greatly enjoying Brazil's win while being in the company of fans of Columbia.
Nonstop baby goat videos in this house.
random trip to brooklyn bridge happening in 10 minutes
I always over pack but still manage to forget shit
if you look like drake holla at me.
LatinoAmerica making history
My mom panics and screams for the most dumb things
banana baby yogurt is life
'Don the hot dog man' is facing murder charges...more on at 6:35.
Slide in the dm's damn it.
Cant help but to smile when we talk
\"It's funny how tables turn ... Before I couldn't get a text back now that's what she looking for... &amp;You been what I was looking for... \"
The hostility is real....someone take me home
wild what?? \": What's Your Wild Rabbit ?\"
I just used my tongue to hang up on a phone call
The new catfish OMG so wow awe cute
I literally feel like passing out at work.
Welcome go GB, don't mind the big ass thing on my face.
I guess Obama really did try to cancel the 4th of July
The whole of the Middle East is not worth the bones of one Californian grenadier. It's not our fucking problem.
Figures is the only one who doesn't eat sushi..
Me and Elvin are about to be some West Side Story shit.
bitches be lame stuntin
People don't realize how great of a city we have so close to us. never sleeps all ur other cities are shutting down around 2 fuck that
DEMPSEY = DAGGER
I hope my playlist was okay
Put your hands in the air
I could be so full that I could throw up, but always have a little room for my mom's pasta.
I'm underrated, don't fit on nobodies playlists.
Yass Mr Biden in the house
True life i need to go to bed rn bc I'm way to effing tired
An out. An OUT would be nice here...
If I had a party who would come
East coast time has me like B-)
YES! This was fucking fast!
Blasting that AC
This show gives me breathing problems
I need to stop throwing it around
No homo, but should really give us another album ASAP
Going for a ride with my dog
Oh my god...
Eric Church is my new default
Last night was my first time going out to bars in 4 months
Idk why this show is so amazing like I'm addicted to reality tv it's disgusting
I do my best to keep everyone happy and I'm always getting treated like shit.
Kanye West can come &amp; finish out his community service at LIM anytime now..
Its amazing how my life is so stressful right now abt grades and family drama and im laid back drinking pina coladas
Sorry I'm not coming home, mainly cause I love it too much plus just eaten the best Thai food EVER and now too obese for the plane
Ughhhhh my tum tum
\": It's only a week into summer and it's already good as fuck\"
Im hungry as fuck and i only got 37 cents in change, bout to get the burna and rob KFC for some chicken
Can my hair grow faster. Shit.
En brasil son las 1 pm
Charlotte hornets are unveiling their new Jerseys tomorrow morning I'm hyped for that
Everyone just witnessed me take my first shot yay!
I'm afraid of black women too
LET'S GO, YOU LANDONLESS YANKS!
Its trippy have a cousin named sierra... Especially since im at her grad party and i keep hearing our name.
\"X\" es bueno pero no tanto como \"+\".
Too bad, missing major chances. RT : game on. portugal will have to attack now. going to get interesting!
When a Spanish girl call me Papi my dick get hard and won't go down for a month
\"I think he might be a little gay.\"
Finally!!! Way long overdue!!! Messi!!!
Need a hair cut so bad
Need turtle time
A bird just landed on my hip. ?
iya,sma\". mhon maaf lahir batin jg ya,dhe :p RT : Mohon maaf lahir dan batin kakak kece :D maafin yah kalo ade\"
Better than people you like who go out of their way to prove they're assholes. Too many to list but Gary Oldman today...
Just got a post that soul singer legend Bobby Womack has died. R.I.P.
Oh, you're in my veins and I cannot get you out.
\"What he doesn't know won't hurt him.\"\nBut what he will find out later will kill him.
Hella people went to pride, i heard something went down
I told her \"fuck that nigga\"
Cunt hmm yes you always manage to be
Dad looks out into fields: Look, Mexicans! Picking strawberries. Or lettuce. Puros paisas.
Idk how you deal with me. I'm the most bipolar bitch ever
Seattle bound!! Don't forget to bring my Hipster repellent.
I'm not saying you're a slut. All I'm saying is if you went to a sperm bank, your spit would be accepted.
If you know me, I am very patriotic when it comes to the 4th of July.
Thank you time hope for reminding me prom was 6 years ago.
Got the best girlfriend ever . I love you . Good night
Really disappointed in for making a phone case that didn't protect my phone against water damage.
If one more fucking thing changes I'm gonna throw myself in front of a car I swear
My question, why haven't I been seeing much love for MJ?
It's annoying how scripted and rehearsed wresting is on tv
Some kids believe in Santa, some in the Tooth Fairy, some the Boogie Man. Josef just informed me he believes in Batman. I'm OKAY with this.
my selfies bring all the boys to the yard
You find out who your friends are. And who is worth giving second chances to.
I wanna go to the beach this weekend
Downtown, NYC. Anyone up for dinner?
I wanna come through that TV with some clippers
LETS GO PORTUGAAAAAL
I also think Mr. Quitter makes a come back for money in the bank
What the fuck is yayo? What the hell does that even mean ?
Pussy so good I had to save that shit for later
About to have a heart attack
I have no desire to be in a relationship or anything remotely close to one. I finally feel free to do me.
if you got cellulite on ya ass bye
Drinks with some locals random night at the red room in Santa Cruz
\": gotta learn how to not give a fuck, about irrelevant shit.\"
Session on Banjo packed with attendees. Maybe more journalists will learn to use this app. Great sourcing tool.
I want to leave my house but I have no where to go
We've lost for the past like what 7 years?!??!
Lord, be with the Spurs tonight.
Dave and Jaire already said, if we ever got into band beef, I'd be the one talking due to my lack of chill button and able to shit on anyone
I will be play GTA 5 for the next 5 hours!
I'm always in the mood for a back rub
snapchat me : zenaejirs
Jk just found the list
My iPhone just autocorrected \"Brain Fart\" to \"Brain Gary.\"
If I ask you to cook for me and you say \"I will if you cook for me\". I already know I can cook but I'm asking YOU lol
I'm looking forward too coming back home &amp; sleeping
What is it with these 99 cent looking bucket hats girls think are cute to wear
nice to nice to know ya lets do it again
\": Tbh I'd be so down for a late night adventure right now.\" Me toooooo
You can live with dignity, you can't die with it.
omfg turkey hill ice cream is fucking good
Today is a day to pack a fatty and play some Toby Keith whilst sitting on a truck bed somewhere watching fireworks; drink it in
\"And when you see how I'm livin.... I just hope I'm forgiven\"
to the dreamers Glad to see we're in the building! . hasn't lost it...
Just kidding I'm gonna dm the number thingys
(I am not in San Francisco) WTF, Twitter.
I just remembered that I have to go to acting class ALONE tomorrow and now I want to kill myself.
what I don't get is why people are so concerned w\/ what other people are doing...
Knicks are making moves out here
This game is over
Some people just have an ugly soul
All I want to do is drive and listen to music.
Really don't wana work. Why can't i stay home and be lazy all day?
When am I gonna catch a break
Me and my dad just said the same thing at the same time fucking twins
There's no up side to a ugly ass chick taking for EVER to make my sub....
oh literally same tune yards I was thinking the same thing how'd u know
Come on ARG!!
I can never have a good day somebody always ruins it
Good vibes with good company tonight only. No drama, no bullshit.
Bull and barrel has the worst service
Lemme touch your butt so you know it's real
Y do some people even have a twitter
Ronaldo STINKS. &gt; Ronaldo
\": People ask me when I'm gonna get tatted, niggaa, never.\"in 5 years you're gonna have at least one , remember this tweet
So beyond thankful I was blessed with two sisters.. Girls are so manipulative and nasty
People watch soccer but not mma.... Wtf
Just getting into bed.... Winded up at a bar till 3 in the morning with one other drunk in it
Nice walk through the city would be alright rn
I miss If he was still here heads would be rolling starring with hitting coach Kevin Long
Watching my mom do P90X is the thing I'll miss most when I'm older.
I seriously had a marathon of orange is the new black.... took a gym break and back at it.
Cause that's just the type of person I am.
Alyssa Light your late night tweets are funny I told you
Only Vybz Can say some shit like that and make a hit lmaoo
You obviously don't care anymore
Messis too elite
I mean the earlier parts since is on 4 of 4
I don't look up to my parents cause they're fucking crazy...I loom up to Justin and the boys.
Stairs don't QUIT!!!
I just found a full bag of m&amp;ms in my bag I forgot I had so you could say I'm happy
Gotta ice the hand down after all those high fives
I know I say this every week but the Emmy goes to...ANDI!!
I just realize I could put on a pillow with some special fabric so I am excited !!
You've got to squeeze her don't tease her never leave her
There are only people on this planet who can throw a terrorist through a narrow window, John Paul football and jack Bauer.
At the movies threather watching think like man 2 with the wifey and sister law
Spanish girls got me using Pero in my everyday vocabulary
GET THAT YELLOW CARD FAGGOT
On Thursday I told Ob he looked like a vampire Cus he's so pale and now he's been going tanning for the past two days lol
Focus and finish. That's my summation of success!! V. Henry
I don't own red, white, or blue. All I wear is black ...
my entire tl is freaking out about soccer except for wafffo whose emotional over zambot
I'm willing to work it out however long it takes you
I've been annoyed 80% of Up All Night tbh.
Can somebody explain to me how the Kermit's Meme's get started? Lol
That's what happens when you let it go to PKs while their down a man for 60 minutes.
I really am so grateful for everything my boyfriend does for us.
Me being where ever I'm at, worried about where ever you are .
All white boys got receding hair lines lol
can't say I didn't fucking try wow
Curving a guy that's used to having girls all over him and he's just like wut
.closely held corporations keep their legs closed.
so I started using the bench press at my house , and I can gladly and happily say that I bench 15pounds it's not a lot but I'm proud
Se dice que los Griegos soltaron al Kraken por la victoria de Costa Rica
Why. So. Quiet.
Drinks at The Way Station with before heading home. The TARDIS is bigger on the inside!
7 DAYS 7 NIGHTS WIT THE RUGBY'S AND ALLAT, DIFFERENT COLOR BIGGIES AND THE SKULLIES IS ALL CRACK
Does anyone wanna cum to the beach wif me and megg ANYONE speak now haha
Being so fucking tired but not being able to go to sleep &lt;&lt;&lt;
Costa Rica is gutsy
Penguins can't fly, I can't fly... Therefore, I am a penguin.
Esperando por el primer tweet de
Pretty sure I died last night.
Chilling y tu? \": Bnn Bn &amp; Keelokee\"
WOW MANU GO GET SOME ROGAINE
Kevin Heart was never that funny haha.
So eres Dominicana, Sigueme
That goal was cool, but I'm just diggin how sexy team USA is.
Come on Spurs! Finish it tonight!
today I learned I'm a psychotic bitch and I don't know grammar. oh well. I still love and that's all that matters
So happy that I'll never have to wear a school uniform ever again
So why are people putting there colleges on the caps .. It's a highschool graduation lol
When I picked her up and put her on top of the car to kiss her. ;).
I think it's ridiculous that I can't even take a shower In peace in this damn house
And you probably should have consulted all of us before making a huge decision like that
El gol de Messi no quita lo mierda que han jugado en general
LETS FUCKING GO GENTLEMEN
CAN OUR PLAYERS STOP GETTING INJURED OMg
there's never a wish better than this when you've only got a hundred years to live.
Rewatching season 1, ep1... It's all clear now. Rickon is azor ahai. Also, I really missed Ned.
Man I can't believe how much of a sellout Nelly is. Cheerios? Really?
They only know what I tell them
I honestly love piercings so much
Conner and tyler are rooting for ghana. I need to leave
Girls with necks with those fat lines yuck
OMG everybody quick tweet about it!!!
I had a dream that I had a kitten and that red from oitnb threw it into a pot of mac&amp;chesse but after vigorous washing the cat was ok
Is ka matlab hai 18-19 hours ka roza hogaaa...? o.O
Do you guys think hell has enrichment classes, like prison? If so, I'll bet Hitler is pumped to co-teach Painting 101 with George W. Bush.
Lol yeah I'm new at popeyes but give me a couple weeks and I'll be running da gauntlet.
Starbucks launches fizzio today!!!! Come visit me and try one!!!
i'm going to eat something before I pass out
even the food trucks are playing the strokes in
Let me offer some advice from my IFSTA firefighting book. \"Big fire big water - Little fire little water.\"
I put the boy in a box, like David Blaine. Let the audience watch, it ain't a thing
Mar do u get on a night ferry?then a train?? Ily xoxo
Great season Heat
620 in the morning and I gotta drive to Philly..
Meanwhile, red card for Alex Song
Remember when the Giants snapped their losing streak against the DBacks? That was fun.
And another one !!!!
I need to go to sleep. Wtf am I doing. Forcing myself to stay up
If you can't deal or get satire go shoot yourself in the head.
Lets go guys!! He's so close!!!
I love Patricia. Even though I don't see her or talk to her as much. I love her. She's just a friend that I could never replace.
Is it okay to drop landline service? If I only have cell service, will my cellphone be enough in emergency ?
Why Am I Doing This? : The Eternal Question The real reasons behindthe all ages coloring book
I can see Mexico from here
Great week to be a liberal. Celebrate with Adam and Steve marriage and engage in an anti american sport rife with arshole eurotrash
Is it weird that I have absolutely no interest in talking to you?
I can't wait to sing San Francisco in San Francisco with the people that wrote San Francisco.
USHER AND NICKI COMING UP AND THEN THE POWER COUPLE BEY AND JAY
but if Manu plays like this
i feel like maybe i should do the emoji tbh thingy
such a meathead promo by he's definitely improving though
im writing amnesia lyrics (mano mano)
Yankee fans so touchy about their players
Yes Looney tunes is on !!
Nobody wanna lose, nobody wanna fail, I'm just tryna live my life
prontico dejAre de ser twitter for iphone jeje
There was a haze in this car.
YOOOOO THIS PARTY\/WEATHER GOT ME STRESSED SONNNNNN
With comments like \"I hate trains too\" and \"omg, corn is the best\"
I will never buy a bucket hat and that's a promise
Why do you have to be such a brat
Portugal got caught lookin
Ya'll be callin it hip hop I be callin it hypnotized...
Getting back scratches&gt;&gt;&gt;
13) out of order, but when slept in the clinger's room at night, knowing she was a clinger, but didn't want to be a \"dick\"
goal is shaking buildings in Harlem. Let's go!
I HATE when someone sits next to me on the bus!
Wow what a throw by cespedes
Dipped spook in peanut butter then dipped spoon in jelly. . I think I'm reverting back to my 22 year old college self.
I take the adderall dosage of a child yet I'm still zoned in 8+ hours later... Go to sleep, brain.
A lot has changed for me in one year.
But for right now I'm alright where I'm at
Ahhhh I want it!!!! Been eyeing this for months now!
My Boyfriends hit got caught, and game over. lose, 4-0.
Bills bills bills nigga can you pay one
Congrats on the 2nd Team All-WNY nod, man.
Asked Mom if there are any \"beat USA!\" sentiments in Germany and she says \"Nah, we're confident we'll beat you.\"
I want a lotz of maryjuwana
Do not look this USA team off. They believe and you better fucking believe it.
Seriously. You don't understand. Like... Even if Jehovah witness bet he'll never testify
I DONT WANT SHIT FROM YOU I JUST WANT TO SIT HERE AND LAUGH WITH YOU
Did you know that the 7 train is going to extend to the Jersey!
Congrats to SF on not only having an amazing design practice, but also having an amazingly designed office ON THE WATER.
Spurs bouta get that ring
Wide awake rn wut is life
It was fun having her here for the weekend.
Se tentaban por cualquier boludes que decian JAJAAJAJAJAJA
Walked across the Brooklyn bridge, and then little Italy for dinner!
I'm so fresh and so clean bae bae
Buenos dias feliz domingo Dios los bendiga
When I think about you I think hoe
Cuddling an sleep would be perfect rn
We got the all-state team today
Lunes con L de Lokos Lukas....
Wow!! Veronica just tried to bite my face and she chased me and yelled get back here you Little Cesar's pizza.
Dads gonna cry when he finishes reading Britts card
Campbell didn't get the job \nThat's horrible \n
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT SCHOOL AND VAGINA BOTH HAVE 6 LETTERS AND BOTH ARE EMPTY HOLES OF NOTHING THAT HOLD SCREAMING CHILDREN FOR 9 MONTHS
My body is telling me YESS
Copy that. I'm in pursuit!
thats way past up in the air... thats up in the universe!
Somewhere between you ain't shit and I still think about you
Am I the only person who's never been on omegle
Just woke up from the only nap
When someone replies for you when it's not even wanted... wtfck!??! ITS NOT EVEN YOUR DAMN BUSINESS NO MATTER WHO THE PERSON IS.
Mustard on the beat hoe!
Why in the hell would they cut open his head like a zig zag? That would make the surgery more difficult.
Without bling, I still gleam, glisten and shine...
Time to go play with boxes and get paid
thank you my heart can finally be at peace with your heart forever and ever
I know all of the words to way too many movies it's almost embarrassing
It's funny how once you stop talking to someone they got so much bad shit to say about you but you not even worried about them
I need 's new album
When icy summer fog become one of my favorite things? It just makes it feel so good to get home and crack open a whiskey
Soo ready to fall this french final:)
My strength have been tested that I didn't even know was there
How to love by Little Wayne is his best song hands down
It bugs me out when my dog just stares at nothing
I thought I was selfish but no dat cya be my issue my issue must be me too kind and understanding cuz god know...
I wonder if even half oft followers even exist. I wonder if any of the celebrities even look at their fan tweets or respond to them
thank god the tanning salon is open again
I'm sitting at a Sport's Bar, watching the only TV not showing sports, which happens to be showing LazyTown\n\nS'a creepyass show when on mute
That new show just fucked me up hard.... Just found my new show
its also annoying when someone wants to hangout but they wont drive 10 minutes to come get me but they'll drive 45 or 20 minutes for food
I'm trying to be strong but it's like I forgot how
maybe it's time to go see someone.
This plane has 10 seats across and TWO FLOORS with a living room up front for first class. Holy cow.
I hate it when I try to show someone a funny video, but instead of laughing the person starts asking me why they're doing that in the video.
I really do love Shelby. I think she's super great.
How does everyone get the different USA flag thing on their phone
Having Boies and Olsen on the case simply shows that this is neither a conservative nor liberal issue, but a civil rights issue.
Can't not root for someone who works hard
Bed time for me Graduation in a couple hours
Adeus tchau vou sair dessa merda tambem , to sem paciencia
Today's going to be a lovely day, I can feel it
Cheese and Crackers!!? Who she trying feed a pre-schooler? Bye!
OH SHIT ONLY 3 are cooking!?
Bruised me because my manager tripped me. This is what my job has come to.
Did I make the right choice or is this gunna be the straw that broke the camels back
I can cut you out of my life so fast and not give a single fuck.
There goes season two of orange is the new black....
Fuckkk I just had 2 burgers...
Most I've ever laughed in public with
\"After getting to know our best sides, we are ready to deal with the less positive sides of who we are.\"
call lena \"rough sex roemer\" for now on
Is erik spoelstra serious ? This is an elimination game and u takin bron wade nd bosh out in the final 3 minutes ? Fight back
Finally set up our new record player. First listen is Psychic by , a gift from our good friend .
My favorite part of Santa Cruz is the people watching.
Dafuq is going on with the Yankees
There are moments when I'm too lazy and I can't move to click play next on Netflix and I just wait those long seconds
y do I wake up every morning wanting a burrito? am I really Mexican? mom is there something you're not telling me??????
Sometimes a is the way to go! Let me check out to see what's on deck!?
If you don't do your eyebrows idk what to tell you
Bout to watch Frozen for the first time...... judge all u want
My boy Dempsey!
I never see myself getting a tattoo
And you don't wanna let her down but you too young for the settle down
Fudge pops are the fucking bomb. Let's me real.
I can tell imma be singing this song randomly to myself tomorrow
I would give my left tit to see the Weeknd in September
Girls Chase Boys - Ingrid Michaelson \/\/
Really wish I could fall asleep
Let's fucken go spurs put the heat away!!!!
That $1flip flop sale at old navy tempting as fuck
Homie lives 30 seconds away &amp; I still drive lmao ..
I was like that's a good questions but right now physically lol
I never fail to eat shit and drop my fresh soda lol
I feel for the lady who has missed 2 puzzles in a row tonight on (nerves)
Phone been so dry ion think I should have to pay the bill this month
Tower of Power - East Bay Grease - What is Hip?
Sitting on our roof, hearing World Cup cheers and shouts from bars and apartments all around us.
My scalp in so burnt I didn't know it was possible this has never happened to me
What the actual fuck do I do with me.
There is one team that looks old and slow in this NBA game. It is not the team in the white sweaters.
I'm about to break out my North Face for work tomorrow. The liquor dept. is always wicked cold.
- lol feels like things have finally taken a turn for the brightside huh?
Omg the is over shut up !
Spurs have been a championship caliber team since they got Duncan.
If I wanted to be friends with a cat I'd buy one. That's all I'll say.
Ok Sunday night don't let me down. then (which I'm ridiculously excited about, btdubs).
my dog and Ashley were obviously separated at birth
Dnt get messi in the mood caz him will kill u.... Argentina no ready fe d road tho
Its crazy being in Little Italy and how the mob runs these streets
It's so cold on this greyhound
Trynna cop a key of bacon to ride this storm out with
Another day another dollar
you could be brilliant, but you're just a coward.
Jesus what a shot
Life is just so fucked up. I don't even know what to do anymore.
You hate to see that
I think i do this every other day but i'm bored and if y'all got a snapchat y'all add should add me ()
you legit cant hide anything from me
Why doesn't Kenny like karaoke
He's done it!
$AVP vol pop...30-day atm IV up nearly 9 pts, now at 36.5%
Every word is double is it normal no it is not
Anyone who thinks chemtrails are a conspiracy hasn't seen Man Of Steel. Superman makes them with his body and he doesn't mean us any harm.
I find keir gilchrist so good looking but the cameras don't agree
Why am I wasting my time right now it's not even worth it
Dealt with hyper-efficient NY DMV &amp; eternal-hold Comcast this week. Government bureaucracy beats free-market oligopoly by a mile.
Dylan rockin' the man ponytail. I don't hate it.
Why are there never any blue bins when I'm trying to move out?! You suck Connolly.
Nick Cannon with a pick in his hair... We gotta do better
Te quiiiise olvidar, tus besos borrarrrr
I really need to leave this house.
what's a good scary movie on Netflix .
I wanna hit the bino
I wanna dye my hair. But idk
Seeing bassnectar at edc is going to be a religious experience
When I GET MY PHONE Im finna take hellaa selfiess &amp; GET MY HOES BACK .
Can we leave the cops at home please
Especially when you can get a rapper that is lyrical on some trap shit, their the hardest.
Just watched in Muncie!
I have a chem regents tomorrow gn
from Love And hip hop\nTries to come across like she tough\nBut she is disrespected over and over\nWhere is your self esteem and pride
Its sad that BET has to deal with August Alsina's bc they have no one else
You can't triple stamp a double stamp!
I just adore your short hair
.I have never told a woman to go die in a ditch, and then cuss at her for speaking up, U have tho.
lol not responding to turner bc he's \"D1 bound in not responding\"
Hoy gracias a tu sonrisa mi vida tiene sentido
Toph shoulda been the earth queen
: leotards are not outdoors clothes. No matter how hot it is.
Starting my training tomorrow but I'm up, bullshitting smh!.
Ginobli with the dunk.
Deb: \"don't they look alike.\" Britt:\"no she's cuter then her.\" Deb: \"that's not a she\".
Starbucks is great but they're ridiculously overpriced
I'm not seeing the videos and the pictures anymore! haha How about you?? I'm so excited ! OMG
I wonder if you ever think about me..
Nas gangstarr Wu-Tang big L bone thugz, Mobb deep dmx method man Redman alllll triple og's
We all have that one person we can't get over
Best part about today's giants game? Timmy's nono. Second best thing? Him walking away from his post game interview with Amy G.
Yannah a foo ! Nigga idgaf if yo dick small ima slap you!
Back in wp and tryin to do something tonight hmu
Actions speak louder than words !!!
Write my first college paper &amp; its due tomorrow ayeeee get at me i'am bad
quote this with a picture and i will ship you with 5sos and 1d
She on twitter instead of texting you back
I ain't got that inna while lol
And I know they know about each other ...
Gosh I feel like I'm not getting better cus I'm locked in my room all day..lemme get out of bed &amp; go watch some Netflix
Why do some niggaz do that? Lie for no reason? Lmao to look cool or something?
I'm being left alone with Connor for 25 days
IM NOT STUPID, IKNOW THINGS LOL
Over 1000 friends on FB about 6 friends in real life lol
I'm watching \"Pitch Perfect\" in Spanish. This may be the greatest thing ever
tell me more about your job.. does your seat swivel?
Life is a gift, not meant to be destroyed by domination and lack of a chance to grow in a healthy way.
THE NERVE OF SOME PEOPLE IN THIS CONTROLLED ESTABLISHMENT.
lol @ the amount of middle fingers that get thrown up when there is traffic here
I only have 2 finals and if I add my grades on them it'll probably be like a 7
What a fucking goal.
MACY PERRY AND GARRET FIEN ARE TOO CUTE!!!!!! I'm so happy my best friend is happy ((:
I wish my name was skylinn
\"In regards of the recent shooting victims in Oroville, BCSO have acted in THIER protocol.\"
Eww who taking picks with they tv?!
Keyshia tho bitch like keyshia cole tho!!!!! I'm still tryna recover from it!!!!
Whoa but i be cursing Siri out tho...
I'm in New York and I'm bored, there's something wrong here
You're either ugly or blind to wear suglasses at night... Especially indoors at night
I think the only award show I love is the billboards bc they put Ariana as their opening act
What pain can you solve in your customer's life? Does the cost of your product or service outweigh that pain?
Boys that are more excited than girls for teen wolf..
Kayla what are you still doing up lol
Second chances don't matter , people never change
Gonna start textin niggas how they text me ...
you can explain offsides to me until the cows come home, but I'll never understand it
At break, alone, texting Sandra about the most inappropriate things lmao
Also, commence girls jumping on the Looking for Alaska bandwagon, just like they did for TFIOS, and ruining everything
Dont call my name \nDont call my name\nIm not your babe\nIm not your babe
Let's just say that going to dinner w non industry ppl is an interesting experience
How you pick a category like \"food\" with a fat girl .. That's none my business though
Fuck yeah messi with that beautiful goal
Set the tone early, ! Ridiculous start in . , excellent back post finish!
Boys watch. Men take action
idk what i would do without Skylar and Anthony
Work from 11-7, someone hit me up with plans for afterwords
Guys that romance me don't tickle my fancy
I wore a sticker that was in the shape of America yesterday and now I have a tan line from it
Just redid my nails 3 times.
Less than a minute and they score USA!!!!
I never really grew out of my tomboy stage.
\": I love it when someone remembers little things about you.\"!!
*america scores one goal*\nEvery American: \"SOCCER!!!!!\"
Follow to see my physical transformation.
I just wanna sleep... Why can't my nephew understand that?
Unbelievable panel at on Snowden, secrecy: Former executive editors at Washington Post and New York Times, current Guardian editor
Is that a happy riot in the valley!? Lol
Strong believer in people being able to accomplish whatever they truly want to achieve. Especially if opportunities aren't being allotted!
Find us at in San Francisco tomorrow! CEO will be speaking on the Future of Customer Communication
if I don't get a chipotle promposal I'll be mad
\"I don't like nuts unless they're on the female male\"
Germany or France?!? Let's go!
Two movies I cannot wait to see... Transformers &amp; Tammy lolz
+++ just had the best philly cheesesteak of my life +++
I remember I was crying my eyes out to my mom begging her to stop that whole thing as I was awaiting to take that test LMFAO
I hate when twitter switches me to my podcast account on my iPhone unexpectedly.
If you call me lex, we cool we cool
Wonder what the news line is from the lead story on the BBC website actually is... I can't actually see one
What's happening with USA. Get it together boys
I had such a good weekend with my best friend
I don't even wanna drive myself to school my back hurts so bad.
Wow Wow really the just now comin on.....like everybody on twitter already told me wat happen
Some people act like they care for you just to be fucking nosey smh
If only y'all could experience some of these odors that I have smelled on this damn bus trip. Ratchet as hell lol
Why does My Twitter sayy I'm in Buena Vista
getting this is a little bit harder than i thought it'd be
Me attempting to not buy two dresses I just fell in love with that are 90% off means putting them on hold for 24 hours.
she better thank Tyler Perry. She woulda been broke and skinny withoutem
At least my mom and I just drove around the city of Newburgh for like 2 hrs
The Roots playing for all performances tonight.
After self-traumatizing 4 seasons in 2 weeks,I have only one word for u- DRACARYS!!
I don't think anyone really understands how badly i need camp and how badly i need to get away from everything
So happy listening to essential mix ~
Cualquiera que me ve, pensara que mi vida es perfecta!
I'm mentally preparing myself for a roast session because I know ima end up in one soon
That's TWO. I think I just wet myself.
Costa Rica is gonna beat the dutch!
Actually I might delete all social media type things now
\": busta rhymes... u too old.. too big... go away\" odb son right there...
Watching bocce ball now. Don't understand it; I just like watching the old men argue over points.
your art is inflicting your demons on other people , youre too lame to tell the difference, I don't respect your sadness
Poor decision coming in to work today
That nigga Tevin came thru with the slips tho
Jermaine jones only
not a summer has gone by where i dont come home sunburned as hell my first day at the beach
Honestly feel like the sharks will trade big Joe, tank this next season, and draft McDavid.
niggas really hate to see you doing better than them
really ya fucking serious????! thats fucking ruden
Damn Messi that was beautiful
please please please
It's been a year since 5SOS first announced their album and here we are now and I couldn't be prouder
My bad if my ex trys too fight you
In need of an L
..safe guard the helpless and do no wrong. this is your oath
Watching film outside of nddaughterscafe has been fun today!
And underwear ....
I got my nails done a week ago 4 broke. Yes I need a new nail salon -_-
Just want these baseball articles to come out
I'm in the mood to just talk to people tonight
can't get any better than that
People whom don't hair or plant hair, they are blind.
Lebron's crying! I love it
if you feel like you can't even ask me if you can come, then why would you think I would say yes...
HOLY COWWWWWWW GINOBILI
Cristiano Ronaldo por mucho que te ame hoy no puedo
Playing with my little boy before bed time amazing how they have loads of energy before you put them in bed.
Ah yay! Maroon 5's MAPS music video is releasing tomorrow night. Can't wait.
I wanna go to BWWs for the USA game.
I just saw a man lift a 350 lb weight...with his penis
Choosing to walk up the escalator and not lay down on it is the most difficult decision I've made all day
When can I go back to school &amp; be away from home?
good bitch I fuckin hate u too
fuck can i just be famous yet
If you don't want to die: don't fuck with the order of the line in a New Jersey diner
I could probably eat my entire kitchen rn
I can't stand people who curl up in a ball when life doesn't go their way. Buck up kiddo!
Suckerz. This whole Hobby Lobby thing is a prank.
.parents definitely need more input at school &amp; district level on all issues but case is bogus &amp; shd be thrown out
430 am wake up call means 1030 bed time
Can we just go back in time to when we didn't use to talk, it was better when we didn't talk than having you ignore me now
Vice President Pussyole
I don't even care that it's Fourth of July
This Kim Kardashian game is really like consuming me like yas Lisa yas . Lol I'm attending a grand opening to Lif in 4 mins lmao
is a constant rollercoaster of twists and turns tonight.
Ass or Titties?? Which 1 y'all prefer a Bitch to have more of??
got a fuckin red card smh
Cespedes does it again. Wow! Eat your vegetables kids. One day you too can have a cannon for an arm.
I CALLED A NUMBER AND THE GIY GOT REALLY MAD LMAO
I need to stop walking around my neighborhood looking like the illest bum but then again I really don't give a fuck
Happy Birthday Katrina Rohfles :) ILY girly
girls and their subtweets. oh wait so is this.
I'm sorry soccer is a great sport and all but these tweets are starting to get annoying real quick.
I am up at 5 AM to go take a calc test. This is just wrong.
nails and shoes and shirt and bra and underwear and bathing suit and shorts and pajamas all have the flag on them.....
Calum only follows pretty girl's though oh
I cannot lie. I still really REALLY love airports.
On another note I wish I was at this Yankee Red Sox game tbh
well that REALLY sucks. get healthy soon
Wtf is this. It's summer. Not winter. Why is it so goddamn cold!?!
Even when I'm not working I love the peacefulness of weekend Sunday mornings.
Dempsey = World fucking Class
If my nigga has a problem with me clipping his nails then ima have to just tie him down and do it. Can't be with me with nasty nails
I need to replace my phone like now
still wondering why guys can't be straight up about things
I'm crying OMG pitch perfect
bless the man who left his 20, 23, and 26 year old kids enough pb&amp;j's to last the whole week he and his wife are away AKA my main bitch Gary
I miss when candy would hop my fence and leave me McDonalds and alcohol on my desk when I'm not home..
I have to finish reading fault in the stars before I see the movie
Can everyone get out my mentions please
Im hoping you were joking because I feel bad
I thinking about buy a ticket for see at
Stevie J smashed Althea, Benzino ain't taking it to well. Pls stop with the 3some porno. Love and Hip hop Atlanta.
My mother dead showing off in front of her boyfriend
Wait, did Das just trade his shoes for a 2$ beer. Losing it
No one wants to go swimming w me??!
I want more friends on snapchat??Anyone idk who you are
If I'm in love with you, you ain't never gotta worry about nun.
Is it weird I just got the chills from these penalties? Imagine if we see this Tuesday night...
\" oh he's going to call or text you today\"
Forming a reader's crew! I'm looking for some readers stories\/books that I am working on. If you love to read talk to me.
Bruh I regret you so much
THIS GAME OH MY GOD
Jimmy Henson is probably rolling in his grave.
&amp; you won't know what to doo.. You won't know how to react to me...
wow! Is this a record!? Goooooool!
Randomly bumped into another Aussie in a SF bar. Love how well our accent is able to be distinguished by others. A true conversation starter
Seems like it's a lie...and I'm not buying it anymore
Im going to miss your dog more then u
Triple H is dancing in front of a visibly shaken John Cena as a gigantic PS3 WWE game box floats down with Triple H's face on it.
apartment searching post college is worse than job searching
It's my time
USA can't score because ROMEL SANCHEZ ISN'T IN!!!!!
THE MUSIC ON TEEN WOLF IS SO UGHHH
I just had to open my car hood and take a fuze out of my fuze box in this neighborhood with no street lights. I almost got murdered nbd
Hot summer nights , mid July when you &amp; I were forever wild
Y'all are really trippin with this Iggy girl... All that white girl got is a fat ass and no musical talent
I'm in a bad mood, and I'm pretty sure I have been all day.
Tiesto, Zedd, possibly Kaskade in August! Man I'm excited for Vegas!
I guess the only thing left to do now is get high
quit injuring our key players
Top five movies of all time 1) godfather 2) goodfellas 3) dazed and confused 4) scarface 5) Requiem for a dream
I'm in love with the beach
when girls smoke weed like 5 times they act all deep like please stop you're like 12 ok
Im dying to meet .Soul Goddess with such a good spirit
Just transferring to cortland and looking at grad schools in nc makes me want to take 7 classes a semester
The sun is shining. I hear people dancing in the street outside. Inside, we are having a long weekend of bare-bottomed larks.
If you still make Facebook statuses in a desperate attempt to find plans, do less.
Today was fun af! Even thoe I literally rode 3 rides
Song pulling a Pepe
I got into the car and chas is jamming to 5sos what the fuck
Whatever happened to the Go-Bots? Where's their movie franchise??
What an interesting\/amazing night in NYC got invited to the VIP lounge and got to party with the actor from the fault in ours stars!
\": *waits for Frank Oceans new album to release*\" I've been waiting...
SHOUTOUT TO TANNER SHARTWELL FOR THE FOLLOW
Do you ever just skxkkxos becauSe your so happy and you just wokdlanxkwks
Bouncin on my lap Boun-bouncin on my lap .
We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it.
I need new people to text, I'm always on my social networkings just to entertain myself but that can only last so long
thought I could talk to a basic bitch but my face is melting off
Deff would love to see vs for the wwe world title...
The priest hasn't called me back
\"Imma treat you like my hustle, you know I'll be on that all day\"
who wants to come to the candy kitchen and eat chocolate with me how can you pass that up
Ghanas kits are hella african looking
Cristiano Funes Mori
Like I don't understand when someone texts you \"Heyy\" and you respond, and then they just never text you back? ....??
What's the point if you're not happy
It hurt more than I thought it would
But who the fuck is on twitter?? Not me
Just found out there are bagels at the office every morning. So yes, I'm looking forward to Monday.
there was a girl in my library today that was reading naomi wolf's newest book and she looked like amber heard
Still cant get over it hah
2) when made out with his FDU sister and had the infamous Kimbojangles scare.
I hate when people post their hospital bracelets on twitter or Instagram and when people ask what's wrong they don't respond
I vote we let employees get their birth control at the VA
For my birthday lets go to San Fran!
Out in 4th for $300 gl to the 3 maniacs that are still in
I didn't even get any good pictures today
To the person busy on their phone while getting a haircut at Supercuts: you are a grade-A disingenuous dickweed.
S apostrophe M O R E
La mejor corita de Anthony santos Era Susy
Went to get more salsa what happened
twitter is full of bland and repetitive topics
Ghana is killing Beasley's side right now.
I'm so scared for this ush regent cause sister pat will kill me if I fail
LeBron walking back on D and didn't even make it back to the offensive half after that.
I sear if Wendell says any shady shit tomorrow about this tour. She will be dragged.
There are multiple reasons why that week is gonna suck.
It's okay guys, I only hit 2 parked cars today
Tenho trabalho de bio pra fazer ainda :\/
If I gotta tell you shit i done told you b4 or general info about me everyone know dont hit me up. Every blue moon u askin me same shit. Bye
my phone dont even be dry i just dont text back .
Found my first grey hair today!
Botta Bruce Lee Kick My Moms In Her Jaw
guys don't really think about consequences do they?
Lets go Virginia it's your time
I just google imaged a wolverine, I always thought they were a type of wolf but they actually look nothing like that...
You guys are close bc it's a name
My room is like a sauna right now. Can't sleep
Gooooooooool let's go EEUU
War of attrition this match. Hoping Costa Rica can pull it off.
pq todo mundo gosta na maki? skfjlksjfs
Smh that was gonna be funny asf too but people are dumb
it's time for my daily daddy tweet
you're all a bunch of disappointments
Wow okay ny family just loves havung partues at my house without ne or my mom knowing but who cares
My cousin just told me that, theres a lot of \"illegal\" stuff to do rn at night. Im like wtf lets do that
Shorty caught a body bout a week ago!!!\n\n\n
Picture me being scared of a nigga who breath the same air as me.
I'm just tryna get my back cracked
\"Blue jay fan since 2012\" anyone remember a trade that happened that offseason?
It's so hard to give up something you love
This summer is about to be real af
Amo cada vez que la gente se mete en vainas que ni le importan, en serio.
Ganja enthusiasts are always fun
\": Weed makes me horny, liquor makes me fck.\" Lol join the club
If anyone didn't already know i luv alfons
That Match Was Entertainin' But Still It Was A Waste However To Pay My Respects For
Bout to go to hell, I mean the dmv
come watch me draw at join.me.\/Beckbecks
Ricky gave me a special cookie, and since it was small I didn't think itd do much, and I've been loaded all day.
Thanks for replying by the way thanks.... appreciate yo.
Nick Cannon forever will make me laugh just by looking at him.
ACIK VE NET MELH GOKCEGIN TWITTER HESABI TRDEKI EN EGLENCELI HESAP!\nAy pardon basgani aninca klavye otomatik olarak caps locka atmis kendini
Today is Movie With My Friend .GO Watch !
Back the camera off his face damnnn Dafuq
To go to sleep or to go to rocky's hmm
((HUGS)) \": Me, flu, medication, TV &amp; series. Half pain, half bliss. \"
This drive is fucking never ending
then @ 11:30pm EST its my SEXY MAD COOL BOSS MAMI w\/VAMP CITY w\/cohosts &amp; on !!
Smoking weed is a part of my life style, I don't smoke to look cool, I smoke weed because I love getting heller high brother.
my shit still was sayin i was in Manhattan and shit that wwas 12 hours ago lol
Ne-yo in the morning
I'm sorry but your intellect does not match your rhetoric.
but srsly I'm excited to hang with ma bin officers lol
\": College next for you?\"you know it!!
Who knows how to drive
Like wtf is a mini mansion hahahaha
\": kinda wanna go to brittany's party tmr\"gooo
My mom is literally my favorite person in the entire world
haven't seen each other in a while. I miss you.....I like what you were wearing last night.
mick jagger ta torcendo pro brasil ah nao
My 23 year old girlfriend and I broke up before I could figure out who \"bae\" is.
How much does want it? Bc if he wants to win; he will take over this game; the world knows he's capable of that.
Ok Dylan just told me he'd leave me for Marcus
I need to ride my dirtbike
I haven't taken the bus in so long omg
I used to be the girl that didn't let a guy pay for her now i'm like \"yea &amp; make those fries extra large\" lol
Two Dimes, A Nickel And A Quarter
Been havin a lot of nice movie nights and just resting by myself lately and its super nice
Too many ppl ask me y I'm not a model n I'm like cuz u have to be photogenic 2 do dat okkk
shawty don hit me less u got dem cakes
I will forever love the mexican nivea that comes in the big blue jar
Oh na na, why you gotta act so naughty?
Whenever I get up I'm dizzy for a cool minute
These daddies that be coming up here to pick up they kids be so outta pocket lol smh
Everyone tweets better on the monkey bars of playgrounds passed 10:53pm
JORDAN GOT A LITTLE MORE CAKE AND SHES WAY TALLER
RIP Bobby Womack!
So and are both in London at the same time.....hmmmm, interesting.
I'm afraid to watch The fault in our stars
what the hell i wanna see 22 jump street so bad
hmu if you wanna join
Um, why is Tim Cook's \"outing\" trending on Facebook, but not here in SF on Twitter? In other news, !
Then my girl doesn't even want to talk to me ...
LOL WE TRADED OUR SHITTY CLOSER FOR THE PIRATES SHITTY CLOSER.
Domo and nia are my go to people
Mike Beasley should have been getting minutes all year....
Just because you're a guy, it doesn't mean you're superior to girls
Can't make it to Parade this weekend? Watch my good friend from as he helps stream the event live online!
Long distance relationships....they suck.
All you hoes follow my campaign &amp; Alll you niggas know my name .
pretty little liars is ruining my life tbh
I feel like I can tell her more stuff now since I'm getting older &amp; she doesn't get as mad.
Finally on my flight to Greensboro, NC, it has been a long day but win made it all worthwhile!!!
Nani . Alright bro
Back then these hoes didnt want me now I'm hot they all on me
RT : Their \"meatless choices\" are fish. Lmfao.
The best things in life can bring the greatest disappointments
Someone please start a Twitter feed dedicated to in NY based on weather daily. Could even link to retail ... brands take it away
I work next to a burrito place
Phil of the future is on and apparently the show started 10 years ago wtf
Almost to the ferry taking us to the reception
forgot how much I like staying up all night
I smell like mad fish, the good kind.
Just another day: 2 round trips to Monterey for my big bro, an all day offsite for work &amp; din at Moss Landing. What'd you do today?
'back on the board'
The fact they did it man down jesus
that was a joke people I'm making fun of my own kind
The trade \": 13. When at an amusement park what attractions do you spend the most time on?\"
My mom just asked me to give her a golf lesson, it's 10 at night.
Almost time to cook veggie burgers, woot woot!
who's down for a pick up game tonight at 7?
Its hotter than Kenya outside today
Your lucky I love you with all my heart bby sister.
If I didn't have the day off tomorrow I'd probably just go break my arm or something
Mom: \"you've got a sense of humor, kid.\" Me: Won't get me into college doe
I hope I used jailbait with the correct usage.
It's gotten to the point where I can't leave Target without a new lipstick
I just want some massive thunderstorms.
Portugal is wearing Red. \nUS is wearing White. \nAnd the refs are wearing Blue.\n
IM done With this House
Joe Biden is at the World Cup
My coach sent me a summer workout plan and I haven't done a single workout on it lmfao
Can someone have a party like project x please
Raining, pouring, alls my cars is foreign. Jk jk jk
Poor Jozi! He just got his groove back.
I don't want yo live in a nanny-ship, where I have to put my hand up to ask the adult to ask for permission to fix my own device.
If you're illegal and want your green card just retreat this status
I was lowkey dumb salty about that
Work till 10 sext meh
I don't think some people understand the stress &amp; work that comes with planning events. Wtffff Idk why I even bother
That goal was nuts.
Mareilas has a sick beard oh my glob...
When people put hash tags, with shit that has nothing to do with the photo wtf learn how to #!
I have fallen asleep on a train and a plane today. That 3am wake up to go to the airport was rough enough to make me sleep anywhere
A lot of niggas acting real but they fugaze
, and on needs a little more (and )
Lawd people talking about they can't get to the concert bc traffic is so bad. Beyonce shuts down everything when she come
I BOUGHT MY FAKE ID FOR YOU
if i like your instas and you don't like mine that's just not right.
Can't approach a girl on some lame nigga shit
Wait..... Got to roll this joint wait hold up hold up
you think I would learn my lesson Monday - Thursday about turning my alarms off, nope they all went off this morning too
Sooo who wants to go to the beach tomorrow?
RED, WHITE &amp; BLUE AND SCORING GOALS ON YOU! JONES! 1-1
I like to do things that I'm not supposed to
I've been wanting to go to bed since 9 but yet I'm still up..
Im wearing my boyfriends tshirt and it smells like him omg this makes me so happy
I'm bored but I also don't wanna do anythin
That was nice.
Hacen su lio y me lo pegan a mi.
I got so much shit to do tm
Dont know if I want pineapple or coconut icecream ??
Do you intend to prove this? said the doctor. Did you see this murder? Where are your witnesses? Jim Hawkins &amp; the Curse of
Polo everything, they should endorse me. That should be my face on the horsey
some subs just get caught and you know you're not supposed to @ the person.. cause they'll just know... and not meant for everyone to get.
Well that was uncalled for
I wonder if ill sleep any better tonight, cuz lately I've been sleeping shitty.
After eating my feelings I'm happy to say I've adopted a new one. Nausea.
Chris been in fucking denial since Freshman year nigga.
God just keeps amazing me how He is working in these girls lives!
Income assistance rates frozen in ? Ugh. Cue the spin in 3..2..1..
This is huge for the senior class that we're drinking on a Monday night
I'll be watchin em from heaven I'm they walking angel , hit the lock on the ghost and it'll drop the Angel
The German and Austrian National Anthem, the official national anthem of Formula 1.
tengo una caravana de cada una una naranja y otra blanca
im an outsider ... i need to see first and expect your mistrust
Miss sleeping with my boyfriend every night.
The 1st couldn't come fast enough
Really want to get a kitten to keep me company while I write, but I feel that would seal my fate as a spinster.
If you don't like it, you can beat it.
Ugh. I hate not being able to eat .-.
Friend: \"WTF YOU HAVE 'a NUMBER?! CAN I HAVE IT?!\"\nMe: \"Who's cece?\"
Once you reach a certain age twitting every move on an award show gets pretty lame!
Gonna have to make the best out of this summer with a limited amount of money :\/ where my friends at ?
Is Aladdin Disney's version of Benghazi?
I always respond to texts in my head and then forget to actually text back
Your gone and I gotta stay high all the time
The convos that cime from my tweets lol
yo gritando por todo el colegio &gt; yo y mas yo &gt; yo &gt;
We GOT SOOOO MUCH BLESSING AND FAVOR BUT WE CANT LIVE HOLY?
This new keyshia tho!!!!!! Ima help her promote this tomorrow!!!
The real you is an entirely different entity of whom you may never find, or don't want to find, or can't find. What absolute torture.
omggg, im 19!! :O oh,wells... happy birthday to me! :P
I feel like a soviet having to work today
I just got retweeted... by a shape.
Why do I come home from Belmar with bruises galore
Literally every gas station we've stopped at along the way back to LA is FULL of EDC ravers.
Who Cares Irrelevant Statement! : Heat Got Washed in 5 in the Finals. Michael Jordan Scottie Pippen and those Bulls would never.....
dare i restart watching Breaking Bad?
Picnic was so real. made magic happen.
I have yet to play more that 2 consecutive games in call of duty ghosts because it keeps freezing or says I'm offline
im going to sleep at 3:17am , watch my dads punk ass try and wake me up at 7 in the morning a
Sometimes I hate when people say I'm hella nice cuz to be honest I feel like it really brings you nothing then getting walked on.
Free Baby D
I like how soulja boy dresses his.fits be fresh af
I hate letting my mom down.
2am: eating cookies and listening to loud white girls walking home in the rain.
\"BREAKING: Free bowls of at Recharge Bar thru 6\/27 @ 1701 Broadway-1st come, 1st served!\" You won't regret it!
Hahah why is toast such a funny word
NO IM NOT FEELING THE WHOLE RAIN, THUNDER &amp; LIGHTNING THING
The more you sweat in training the less you bleed in combat
Nastiest play i seen lmao
Clarified w the bouncer.. he thought we were twins.
I met him through a dancer. Didn't know he was a tropical chancer.
True Blood tonight
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
weed does less damage to your body than cigs and alcohol and those are legal.... Tf?!
\": its ight I guess\" sighss , aiite .
WTF! 2nd time in 4 days that a bird has shit on my head! I'm expecting to win the euro mills now.
After hearing people's experiences, I can't have kids. Too much pain &amp; just no.
It's in the palm of your hand now baby. It's a yes or a no, no maybe.
Not gonna lie orange is the new black isn't that bad of a show.....just wish they casted hotter actresses
Mom brought me home McDonalds, is this real life
Wow I'm fucking going in rn
lost my fave nose ring this morning \/:
Ugh I cant keep nail polish on
Arizona is home. San Francisco is definitely home. Thankful for both.
Hello? Is there anybody in there? Just knock if you can hear me. Is there anyone home?
This Omega XL commercial has been on for like 10 minutes.
S\/O to the for sweeping the Giants \n\nLove,\nEvery Dodgers Fan
Have to admit, a shoot out in soccer is fantastic. Enjoying the Costa Rica- Greece game
Usually when people think im mad im not even mad. It really takes too much energy to get angry when I'm usually happy.
Can someone punch me in the face so I can try to sleep
Every single summer I'll be the one that you remember
It's too early for the reindeer games. Miss me with all that fuckery.
It's always around this time that Michelle starts lurking
10 minutes of listening to the worst easy listening version of Rhapsody in Blue
The Seed of Chucky was one of the worst movies I've ever seen
Coming to America is on lol
why doesn't my Subscription feed say Introducing FaZeyet?
Date a pure Dominican nigga. It will change your life without a doubt.
Lol my dad is selling the ones he doesn't need!
Never thought loving you would hurt me this way.
You know they'll be a plan B C &amp; D if &amp; don't get his way with to the top not fair
My snapchat stories are always way too long, but I want to share my life with everyone
I can't stand when people don't text back like wth why'd you reply in the first place
This back pain is shitty, I need a back massage.
OMFG just saw zaya rain romance pix m so excited cant evn type properly. Wohooo finally Zaya rain sequence has come &amp; soon their SR cant w8!
Why is everyone stressing about graduation caps? It's really not a big deal if you don't decorate it.
Damn, just had a million dollar idea; looked on Google and it already exists &gt;;0
I start work again tomorrow and I am not amused. My one day of freedom was not enough.
You could not pay me enough to leave my bed today.
Allies making me sit in her bathroom whileshe showers
Can someone tell this old hag to shut up
im on my 38th week... and gained 35lbs already... oh my... when will my labor be?
Today we play skyline at 11 @.chabot
Copp half an 0z or buy shoes ?
Someone telling you to sleep it off is like the IT guy telling you to turn it off and on
Happy National Excuse to get hammered and watch fireworks Day!
This Wimbledon match needs to end. Nobody even watches it. I pulled an all nighter just to watch my country play against France.
I like the all white, high top..strapped with the gum bottom
Ready to start my English class. Crazy day in the World Cup. Mexico and BRASIL win.
You know you have a kid when you are still watching the cartoon you put on for him, after he has already fallen asleep
Password to my computer isn't working wtf
.Why exactly would a Congress that opposes Obama's policies support Obama's policies? I know you did fascism, but sheesh...
Soooo rihanna and drake not there? How cute lol
Goaaaaaaaaalllllll!!!!!!!! Wow that as amazing
Not sure why I'm questioning myself but I need a sign just to be sure......
\":thank you!\" Welcome :)
Here we go!!
Helllo new york city
Yet another ! Closing night, sad to see it go, glad to be here for the last show!
That curve though
hate how I just took a nap for like 80 years
THAT WAS CRAZY
Ignore that x at the end of baddd
Take. Me. On. TAKEEEEE ONNNNN MEEEEEEE
Never thought I was say this, but incredibly disappointed in tonight. I'll remember this night next time I book.
Super short 3mile run in 80 degree weather
not even gonna use the pity card lmao
im not ignoring you, im just to lazy to respond rn.
I'm about to make some major changes to get to where I need to be.
If 3 is 3\/5 of 5, how's Black America related to America, to ? To a dog there're no subsets of dogs! ~AK
Only know you luv her when you let her go
Say whatever you want about a nigga but don't come at his momma.
I'm actually thrilled is champion again
Lol you have no right to complain about effort when you won't reciprocate the effort I put for you.
proud @ maddie @ aimee &amp; @ amelia
do u have a moment to talk about our lord and savior james deen?
Dropped my iPod in the pool. Ruined forever
The Good Luck Charlie series finale always makes me cry
Ana are any of them cute?
Congrats to Wheeler on receiving his first shelling in his pro career.
He Claim He Ain't Doing Nothing... But That Ain't None Of My Business Doe
transferring at Jamaica station is always an adventure
can someone give me a full body massage
I can't listen to dead leaves and the dirty ground anymore. ever. u have ruined me jack
Ian Darke just called Joe Biden the US President...
For all those haters out there suck my ass cause your no good and better then everybody else
I really be pretending like I'm so perfect.. But at heart I know that I honestly have the most imperfections.
I wish all my friends had twitter.
i've never been so mad at the world
six flags tomorrow with my main babe
Who has an old AT&amp;T phone I can by or have
Life's about reciprocation and basically everyone sucks at it
That's why I hate you all
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
Walk in my boyfriends room and he has candles lit, hmmmmmmmm
Working 730am-11pm will b the death of me tomorrow
Klose gets the start today. Germany to start fast.
Ahh payback is a bitch ain't it D Wade?
hahah \"elias you remember him yeah the nigga who snitched\" he got me fucked up lol
Anyone wanna hang with me, Conrad, Tre, Sam, and Colin?
Party at my house tonight, text me if you want to come over. Make sure you let me know if you're coming through
drove to jersey to surprise Jord's parents &amp;they're not even home lollllzzzzz
just met again and he called me out for calling him a babe on twitter, ain't even mad
I'M PRAYING THERE WON'T BE ANY SKUNKS OR I WILL SERIOUSLY CRY. AND A BEE BETTER NOT GO IN MY PHO AGAIN BECAUSE I WAS SCARED.
Get fucking owned
I wish I had a desire to talk to females
People be thinking i lie about certain things but tbh no body got time to lie if ima do something il tell you straight up
Woww what a comeback.
I dont understand how minority groups back obama\nLetting in illegals hurt minority groups the most\nMinority groups r the highest unemployed
I love coming home to free product! Thank you for the new fragrance! what has your job sent you lately?
Go team USA!
Bucket Hat=Nets Bucket hat
Every holiday deserves a track from jay rad...
Bomb blast in Kano, Nigeria - my home town. May God bring a peaceful end to this senseless carnage.
I just found out my promoter, Kari Estrin, is the same one they got for the Llewyn Davis record. whoa. maybe someone will play this thing.
One little comment like that makes me so depressed and hate myself even more
I better not be here all night
Peanut butter banana smoothies are my new thing.
I'll tweet I'm out turning up with hot niggas when I'm really home in sweats eating ice cream just because I know a nigga's lurking
My mom dad were talking at the gym, and I stood there and checked out his dad while he stood there and checked out my mom
I'm watching the bachelorette and all I hear is the girls screaming Decemberism inside the trailer and I can't help but laugh because
Jerry Kraus says: Melo, come playoff time, we can't afford your airless routine where you fail to shoulder so much responsibility.
Can I try a 30 day free trial of being famous?
Never been more excited to come back to Woodland.
I hate that we can't qoute anymore on this new twitter
Cooking some Homemade chicken Alfredo, garlic bread, Spanish wine and Aladdin is how I'm ending today...
Jesus Christ these kids are easily distracted. We were supposed to leave for swimming almost an hour ago..! I WANA PUT MY FEETS IN WATER
Littleman is a little too awake for 1:30am. Looks like it's you and me for a little bit, twitter.
Lets go the rebuild begins tonight!
I'm just ready to go to college away
they say you cant have your cake and eat it too but aint that what you suppose to do .
I just don't fuck with ignorance and racism. That's the only reason I'm mad NF has some of the realest down to earth people I've met
I push away the wrong people &amp; then it's too late..
\"According to Amazon, the most highlighted Kindle books are the Bible, Steve Jobs biography and The Hunger Games. &amp;surveillance!
Serious question: Did Alito go to law school with Lionel Hutz?
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
Kanye west is acceptable any time of day, hour, year, season, my whole life
Can't make you want to talk
Everybody's always trying to be like each other
so annoyed with the world right meow
WTF, JUST GIVE LEBRON THE BALL
Boutta pop a pill hope I don't almost die like yesterday
lmfao. my cousins feel that way about me right now.
Never in my life has my pizza\/pasta eating ratio been so high
baby and just sad to me and in plus I found out when I was 3 months already had feet legs I just couldn't but if its not a baby yet I
hate it or love it the underdogs on top.
Omg soooo many slugs lol never know who it's towards
Lately I've been the worst at reading messages and forgetting to reply. Oops!
A special needs child got kicked out of a movie theater for laughing!
74% humidity and blood drawn on the regular. Soccer looks so fun!
Never really felt the necessity of having \"Friends\" or a BFF I always had that's my everything tbh. My legit other half.
Someone srsly needs to keep me entertained cus I'm bored af
Re-watching gossip girl cause... Why not?
Hold up hold up we dem boyz
I don't want to live in this planet anymore. :(
Costa Rican fans crying w\/joy bc this is all they have. I'm going to my play video games and eat cheese cake in my underwear bc I'm American
getting wisdom teeth taken out sucks. like a lot.
But then I think about the minorities that are targeted for their lack of power. Ignorant to ignore them cause \"people are inherently evil\"
LOL anons be doing too much. they feel they have nothing to lose anyways. na dem dey first call people ugly smh
Right in nanis face. Let's go
I usually don't tweet about the weather: but oh my god that thunder was just ridiculous!!!
Why is this dam BUM serenading me and is rolling!
yes I drive to Madison just to get cohens at least once a week
Shapiro: also developed map of VA + painkillers. Btwn '01-'12, painkiller prescription &amp; overdose amg vets both increased
I might just need to let go of my vidcon dream. Maybe it wasn't meant to be. 3.5 Hour delay and counting.
\": Feel like I'm willingly doing the most for everyone but when it's other people doing shit for me it's a whole other story\"
I knew baddie t would come thru
Hoy me ha tocado atender a tantas parejas felices q me hacen el dia y me da gusto q su amor sea correspondido
I remember when my parents tried to put me in a private Muslim high school and I purposely failed the entrance test so I would get rejected
Is it supposed to rain od ?
i am SUCH a good friend to you and you just treat me like shit
If we not fuckin don't leave me a DM.
I can't believe I left my keys at the gym I'm an idiot
Ur ugly - drake irvine: world traveler, philosopher, and athletic scholar
The phrase \"Snake eye\" bring back memories lolz RT\": RT : Rlly regret say mi nuh do the snake eye\"
I can't wait until okc or lac kicks the spurs ass next postseason
Looking forward to
I would feel more violated if you went through my music than if you went through my phone.
Knowing the time, that it is NOW the hour for you to be aroused from sleep, FOR NOW our salvation is nearer than when we believed.
Happy that next week I turn on my last packets and ill be done with summer school
NO WAYYYYY USA
Ctfu they go out now?
tell me karlie red wasn't instigating?
the value of life in that city is so low, shit's sad.
Why am I eating soup in this heat
That text message I got right now just broke me down
How did I get paid less than when I worked more hours
Omg omg this rain made my fuckingn night
follow she needs more followers like me
I would much rather be in my bed then be on my way to court right now
shit. shit shit shit. fuck. i'm scared
You're never too old for Ellio's pizza.
Hair almost done, weave Poppin lol
my sleeping schedule is fucked up odee
Portugal goal caught staring!!!
Ronaldo and Howard are friends.
Action packed Skimm today! Thanks team
Manu clearly saw messi play earlier
Kinda mad at my sister rn
\": 9. Why do you follow me?\"well duh because I love u
Having a super America holiday - heading to a baseball game with my kids.
YA VAN DOS VECES EN OCULTO QUE NOS OS LO VOY A COJER PESADILLAS
.and I thought I was a downer
I won't be able to sleep now !
What a waste of my fucking time
Making yourself do tasks on a Dailey basis is a super good choice playing ketchup sucks;) name some ways u can show self control.
Ua,sola lou keige i lisi nuu lmfaoo
I support you come on over
No hay nadie para meter el gol.
What's up CR7
That hot trash pink dress is available at Rainbow right now on 125th
Dom didnt know what a bec was...
Anyone know that song that was just on??????
Do not wear a cardigan as a shirt.
Now to get back on my feet ...
If you're a hypocrite I probably hate you
It's a Shame the way things have to be
i've reached my maximum of dealing with this week.
Currently on the floor a Frenchman, Italian, Australian, Argentinian and Timmy from the Virgin Islands. Poppovich onto something
Buena idea para un tatuaje chiquito Yulissa.. Jajajajajaja
I wonder how Hobby Lobby would've turned out if it had been a Jehovah's Witness who owned and and the concern was over blood transfusions
how could someone be mean to an animal...?
If you have nice eyebrows, your tall, not frail, and know how to dress I love you with all my heart
It's tooooo late to be laughing so hard right now .
Major cultural shock rn omg bring me home aka Florence
Ecw chant in 2014. Let it go
traded my old bike for a cactus today
Yony ain't shit ****
I guess that's what separates the real from the fake
\"You say no to ratchet juicy j can't \"
la vi a mi mama llorar y estalle
What a goal! USA USA USA USA!!!
Someone come swimming with me &amp; kaeylnn tomorrow
If your only priority in life is doing stupid amounts of drugs with your \"best friends\" and looking like a fucking idiot, don't talk to me.
Just going to say nobody expects Brown to set the baseball world on fire, just play the game, catch the ball, hit the ball, do your job
MY PEOR RESACA FUE CUANDO TE TOME ENSERIO!
Watching all of the USA team's stories instead of getting ready for work
238 years old and still the hottest girl in class.
Made myself believe the untrue . How could I not know
MY STYLE MIGHT BE MY FAVORITE RECORD RIGHT NOW THAT SAYS ALOT ABOUT IT
\": It's been almost 18 years since has seen his mother. \"
My mind is such a mess. I miss the way I use to be like.
It's always so nice seeing old family friends.
Can't wait for the USA to play tonight
she's a hoe and you didn't listen to me
my dog is terrified of thunder storms and likes to sit on my head whenever there is a storm lmfao
On twitter but don't text back? Yeah, fuck you too.
Smoked about 100 blunts and I ain't even high yet
better start playing
Warning: I am vicious today
You can't be fucking serious right now..
Dom feels uncomfortable with liquor through his veins
.I refer you to \"The Brother From Another Planet\" and \"The Man Who Fell To Earth\". Nuff said.
onde estao os amigos quando preciso deles?
It must be summer bc got too much sht planned!!
Sometimes what you want most is what you're best without.
My hair is so blonde and I really don't know how I feel about it
i might go to pride in charlotte bc i have family there that we plan on visiting often
You have no heart bitch
World Cup aka MMA
So long Jason Kidd. I loved the idea of you coaching the Nets but your a greedy bastard so have fun in Milwaukee
Lemme finish this verse for NCS 0-100 real quick
22 &amp; I graduated college all the drama I had in the past is the past I'm over it and no long care or need it in my life no harsh feelings
Can't wait to be home Friday but at the same time what do I even have to look forward to...
Food is a priority right now.
wait, what? phantogram is vevo's \"lift\" artist. where have they been the last 5 yrs?
I assume the US scoring in the first 30 secs of the game has to do with being there.
it's a revolution
Finally I get to relax and enjoy this pretty night with my best
\"I hate the United States of America\" -David
A falcon is just a normal bird who bought a BoFlex
Something like the finest piff maybe even some white to sniff
I know I'm still an asshole
It's taking four of them to put a kayak on the car and they aren't even doing it right
shit i forgot my phone case
Just wasted last night
Check out A &amp; P Roti &amp; Pastry Shop; 4902 Church Ave during for $10 lunch specials!
Tmm LIVE on tmrw @ 2pm CST. Q\/As feat. + + \/\/ &amp;
You're the only one I notice, it's really hard for me to focus
Score...... USA USA USA !!
It wouldn't be Fourth of July in NYC w\/o someone driving by, windows down, blasting old school freestyle.
Remember the love when there's nothing but hate
Need some Atlantic City in my life..
I'm as hot as a 3 dolla quesadilla HOO HAAA
This little baby just looked at me and starting speaking Spanish and I didn't know what to do lmao
Filipina eating peanut lumpias off her fupa on her futon savage villain never chillin but always grinning
I hate being treated like a baby. Im 17 like seriously stop. Now ik why my bro dont fuxs with this family
Tywin Lannister didn't have a happy Father's Day
One thing I don't deal with at the gym is someone saying they \"can't\". I refuse to put up with that bullshit.
Nobody puts baby in a corner. YASSS BITCH!
Nothing more than to just keep your head up nd move on
Y el amor que tu crees que murio aun sigue durmiendo aqui en su cuna
Teddy Roosevelt showing up for America today!!
And i want a mf car
When you get car keys before a house key...
Messi, Bron of this soccer shit.
If you're CEO of a public company and you tell the truth (about how tough it's going), shareholder lawsuit comes. -
Its not a Ronaldo hair cut...its a fucking comb over, holy shit...i wanna cut my hair every time someone says that too me
I just spend my turn tryna find Waldo
Quan, Yo Gotti, &amp; Snootie had that shit TURNT UP !!!!
4 years ago i promised justin i wouldn't cut myself again. I just broke that promise .
2hrs of singles tennis. 8 pts. LET'S GO
Raw flax seed is not that bad. I bought several bags. You just got to chew a lot to grind it up. Maybe I will blend some into a smoothie.
This what I get for tryna explore new people
The mere thought of putting on a shirt right now makes me cringe.
Where are all the men in my life?
No flame heat
Thim Slick girls get me everytime
Tengo ganas de descargarme twitteando pero a la vez no
*R5 song comes on*\n\nNormal people: *sings lyrics*\n\nMe: *sings vocals, backup vocals, guitar solo, drums, and keyboard*
these cigarette commercials are getting more and more disturbing
World War Z on Netflix.....let's do it
My snapchat story is 60 seconds of how my morning went.. Ed Sheeran was truly amazing. I'm still buzzin!!
what i criiiinack
This whole day I have been an emotional mess from tearing up when I said my goodbyes and left Florence to watching sappy movies on the plane
.USA USA USA now its your time to get success
I'm forcing myself to study only because I know for a fact I'll have to do that in college
Gad eta CR7 mesye..!!!
I'm going to be watching Germany vs. Portugal in school idc
i wanna go to Mexico already, they have the best pizza!!!!
It was a try to day
Travie It'$ Friday - Care 4 U &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
My dog eats while laying on his back. He's living the life.
Some kids are so ignorant these days
why dint I ever get my DM's ? what the fuck man !
Took the crystal ball out. USA will win 2-1. Portugal is tired
THIS AINT YO DREAM!! with
Fuck the bikers who don't use the fucking bike lanes.
Respect yourself or no one else will
If I'm not the one thing you can't stand to lose. If I'm not that arrow to the heart of you, then I guess we're done.
Lmfao I'm still cracking up about what christy texted me
Eating pizza, smoking blunts by the pier with babe
I really do wish I could be contempt with having a normal life with a normal job... but that's just not me and I don't think it ever will be
Still hoping for 3peat.
My Fourth of July looking rained out
I love listening to music that makes you feel numb to all emotions.
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN, I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN
1600 for dinner w and to feed ? If gets greedy like some I kno I'll feed a micro tier
jacob has a heart of gold tbh
even when i have every right to laugh in ur face,judge u right back,pull a you on you,i wouldnt dare make u feel bad about urself 4 a second
Nah I don't love him tonight smh
its all good, just make me feel good, freaky me freaky you
Gonna be so embarrassed when people actually wake up and look at my my story
The fact that and I find joy in talking about pens&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
sister in law: being in a band must be cool well I would know (she sings at church)\nme: do you get ambushed by fans?
Give her the world, cause she needs that kinda love.
Is yaris Sanchez having a photoshoot with just her computer cause her computer dope then lol
I WANT CINNABONS I'M BOUT TO TROOP OUT AND GET THAT SHIT
Getting a pedicure still in my pjs
I sleep with like a billion pillows... Okay well maybe just 7
No me gusta que me cuelguen , pero yo cuelgo a todo el mundo .
What an AMAZING goal!
Do kids still have to say the pledge of allegiance every morning at school?
Did I ever mention how much I hate DRs offices
calum, age 13, mexico
\": I just turned on the awards...Usher is still bae doe\" *forever BAE
I honestly don't care if I ever spoke to her again to be completely honest.
It's like a big cotton candy problem
Nino is right by my side when he knows I'm sad tho , that's a true dog tho
\": I luv pretty boys \"
Medicine y u make my face so dry?
I've come to the conclusion that is more liked then I am
USA pretty determined to change Ghana's winning streak against it.
I was gonna go to sleep but men in black 2 just started so
Why weren't you there today?! D:
If these neighbor kids don't stop screaming I'm going to lose my shit
Gonna bust missions today give me plans
The Yanks are raking for real.
Some people never feel joy without pain. We call them lactose intolerant.
I want to go to the dodgers game Saturday..
Peres:As President of Israel I call upon every citizen,all citizens:now is a time for 2 things;to respect the law &amp;to avoid incitement
if a girl wants to fuck a lot of guys leeeeeet her, if she's safe, why the fuck does it matter to you? get your own fucking life.
\": How do u want it how does it feel\" comin up as a nigga in the cash game
No time for friends these days
Joda por finnnnnn
Don't fall in love with the most beautiful woman in the world, but with the one who makes your world most beautiful
\"All the great black actors have played retards, Michael Clarke Duncan, Cuba Gooding Jr\" \n\nNope. Im going to bed
So deep in the friend zone I could be the mvp
there's always a specific circle of people making shit happen in their desired career paths. if you ain't in that circle..\n\nU AINT SHIT.
Spurs offense is beautiful
Almost there to my dream I am going to have a boating license I go to college and have a good job
I'm in sucha great loving mood right now! Yay for kickass kickboxing class!
Pero los exiliados debemos entender que la lucha por la libertad de no es desde afuera sino de adentro, desde aca nuestro apoyo total
ugh Dylan said \"I love malia for stiles\"
Looks like im going up to a city view tonight
Dear all the best going back to Dallas ...Your own style of rebounding will be forever be a trademark here in NY ...Much love
starburst minis unwrapped did not meet my high expectations
Hey -- when are you coming to NYC?
said fuck y'all niggas lmfao!
This kid is sick and I just helped him thru throwing up ..... Probably the nastyist\/niceist thing iv done in a min
I'm not talking Rebelution and Iration either, I'm talking hardcore reggae.
Can't go wrong with a little family guy
Wow TDE did the damn thing again.. I mean homies interludes shit on most artists singles.
If u still chattin that money can't buy happiness then I dnt get it cuz u can't be broke and happy it just doesn't make sense lol
Is the rematch between Mexico and Holanda real? Or did someone make it up?
Early in the mornins when I think about you..
The assistant principal just quoted Oprah...?
The imagination land trilogy is on tv
Dat yellow card tho
REILY WINSTON JUST HIT ME IN APPLEBEES IN THE FACE &amp; PULLED MY HAIR AND HE GOT ESCORTED OUT PUSSY
Why does everyone else have a life when I have no planns.... Someone please talk to me!!
I love throwing it back with these songs
Thanks to &amp; for letting me be a part of and sharing my story [1\/2]
We gotta kick it
How do you get 44th St out of 34th street Jesus Christ
It's a blessing and a curse
Watching a documentaries on mail order brides and feeling reallllllllly weird about it.
Lol manu threw it on bosh
Not thrilled about work at 8am, but gotta get that paper
All of me loves all of me
Rocky could have won that fight js
Today plays colombia vs brazil and we know colombia is going to win
Due to technical difficulties, is being delayed. Will be up ASAP within the next hour!
Dempsey, my man!
Killed one of those fuckers though
I want you to come cuddle with me tonight..
Having to act sober when your tipsy
And its not that I don't believe you, it is that I have this werid feeling that *you* don't believe you.
The Netherlands attack just isn't there today. Looks like Mexico can hold this one out
Teen Wolf, I know I need to quit you but.... *parks self in front tv and impatiently waits for 10pm*
I just wish some of these ppl were still the same
you ever just... scroll down a dumb bitch's page... and say to yourself 'wow this bitch is dumb.' ?
Summer is too real with us
The highest on beat the streak right now is 33. Mine just reset to 0... Yeah. Life.
Hadi havacilik olmasa en degerlim yine ucaklar olurdu...
Eddie is so fucking lucky and I hate him
Since when did I follow on twitter? LOL
pray for a swift death for me at the very least
LA fit is filled with hella Weenie Ranchers tonight
My moms friend just made me take a shit of tequila in front of my mom
Boutta buy Kan Jam tomorrow
Don't rush, go slow. \nNo I can't lie, I'm impressed. \nAnd no impatient encore when the curtains close\nIt's a Cabaret.
Roll me a swisher, pour me some liquor
Fuck is good with my wifi
People hate on lebron for cramping up and being carried off a bball court and this soft ass soccer player needs a stretcher after 20 mins
I might just be in your hood .
Tigers Jaw and Pity Sex tonight with my Frannyfran. Stoooooked.
I've got a good feeling about this game
My weekend gonna be wack.. but at least I'll have money in my pockets!!
After Game 7 of World Series in Met clubhouse Cashen said to me, \"Life is about reaching for moments like this.\" I will never forget that
Jason Kidd just stabbed in the back &amp; is now out to Milwaukee... even w\/o additional responsibilities.
Ed Sheeran- Don't
Fetti that nigga
I really want to be successful but i don't want to end up alone. I don't want to be that serious. I need to learn balance.
Every time I trade dollars for plane tickets it always end up being a really good decision.
I can't be inside right now
WE ARE NOT BAD PEOPLE
Literally no one will watch tfios with me hahahHa
I love my country, but there is so much to be disappointed about its character.
You'll remember who I am real fucking quick.
It's fine by me, if you never leaveeee
I woke up and I think my friends are high
You gotta R1+O that one Altidore.
Eating at Oolong Noodles at 1AM in San Fran. Not strange at. Lol
You can only lose what you cling to.
I wanna throw, or go to, a bonfire this summer.
rockin' that mosquito bite on the face look. v
I come to my Taco Bell to find out that they don't serve the Breakfast. Damn, now I can't enjoy the goodness of the A.M Crunch Wrap.
I mess things up with every person I'm close to and I hate myself for it.
TBH...we gotta give team USA the credit, they've being very resilient, and have shown that they mean business.
this is so sad the other team made a goal nd one minute past by ..
Cinderella Man is an amazing movie
164 words of 200. Konti nalang.
Going to bed with wet hair is literally the worst.
Well tonight and tomorrow turned to poop :-( but Wednesday will be great :-)
Goooool!! Jermaine Jones! Rocket
The bed in my hotel room is smaller than my bed back at High Point
When in doubt, Aretha Franklin. That is all.
I'm gonna start a riot in a hot second
Hard but fun weekend of lax
Didn't sleep last night so it gonna be a very long day today.
I was so caught up in the World Cup I forgot Teen Wolf comes back on tonight.
I set my alarm every single minute for 25 minutes starting at 7:35...i have a major problem
My toes deadass feel broken from world cup
I CANT STAND EMBELLISHMENT SUCK IT UP PRINCESSES.
Now Imma Take Her In Like A Hoe Shelter? When There's A Few Niggas That I Know Killed Her
I miss bbm faces
When you see someone get credit for putting someone on, but you know you put them on
Now when 3 Israeli teens are found dead US officials are \"devastated\". Why are Israelis worthy victims while Palestinians are not? (2\/2)
i thought i got a lot more than 77 on trig. dang
I need a personal AC unit in my room
I wonder if the cooler full of beer we left at Seabright is still in the sand where we left it.
When is Jack gonna figure he's dirty ?
epam pa tande moun isit yo fe bri
I need to go back to work. fuck this.
Crying at oitnb right now so
This is just waaaayyyyyy too much for me.
Messi is the greatest soccer player to ever step foot on a field
You cant even break up with me to my face like grow up
jacob \nokay today is birthday
Not doing any of that again lol
mirelly pode fazer aquela novela amigas e rivais
needs to not be in charge of my health care decisions or my vagina. That's a fact &amp; I'm still pissed and disappointed.
Their chirps were weak doe
Dime te me va a dobla \/O
Omg it's the Wendy's guy!!!! Omfg I'm dying
Face down booty up
If this is a hint of how my whole summers gonna be i'm never leaving the leave
Whoa wait what did i miss on twitter ?
When I don't know the answer to a question for a customer I just say yes
Well, well, well....so, how did shooting fish in a barrel work out for everyone this week ? ;-)
Pensar que en un mes mas ya voy a ser mayor me deprime bastante yo quiero ser un pendejo
US players are so Sexyyyyyy
I just love it when people don't answer my texts
Cant wait to move to florida, get my own place, fly and do my own thing
Yea ok after I asked u if u could
We Never Turn Our Backs On Each Other . .
thx NYC for such a beautiful run on west side highway running path. Now ready to taste some mature brunello with friends
Happy 4th I'll be at Delta!!!! :-)
Everyone needs a little bit of FUCK IT in their personality
If things make a detour, I might go home this December :)
this game is giving me agita
Yo no quiero saber de chismosos
Wishing I took auto shop b\/c I never feel anything short of dumb or disempowered when I leave the auto shop. But id prob still feel same...
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!! my heart just came out of my chest holy shit
Penis knuckles and also poop biscuits
Took my dad to Texas Roadhouse
I mean, we coulda just sat in da hood and robbed you niggas all day, but we tryna be productive YA KNOW..
My wife... I mean.. MY WIFE sip teaspoonful of a beer.
Damn Ghana's getting physical.
My six yr old neighbor randomly comes over to hang with my parents idgi
I need to fill out job applications tm
I do more 4 others than myself, that's gonna bite me in the ass 1day
Sorry but I don't need attention on me 24\/7 like you do
For to kill Tara off like that was just wrong. She was a fighter &amp; went through hell. She deserved better
my natural hair is so gross
I just want to cancel all the rest of my summer plans.
I've never seen so many hot cops in my life.
Summer night smelling like honeysuckle and burnt marshmallows
how american is it that I would prefer a BBQ place to be open right now than go out and buy my own already cooked
good is that which cannot be judged, for no trial would convict it
Honestly I feel like what was done in ya last , relationship \/ sex wise ..should be left in ya past ..
It would be sooo nice to get the win today and not have to worry about moving onto the next round
I can't even say bye to my dad when I leave for 2 weeks without getting emotional. What am i going to do when he leaves for 10 months.
I want Tyler Hoechlin to be Hoechl-in me
Happy birthday to one of the smartest, funniest, sweetest folks I know, ! &lt;3
Somebody hang out with me tonight lol.
Words can't describe how excited I am for Teen Wolf later
That reminds me, when we movin to Texas?
If I was 1\/2 of a celebrity couple I would def be the Vanessa 1\/2 of zac and vhudge
You're all I ever really had... These days must be spent wisely! Bc soon you'll be gone
Fuck the rain for ruining my fav sweats
Jhene Aiko looks beatiful !
Just got a terrible haircut. Ugh...
Why are their ppl in super hero suits? Did I miss the memo?
Sometimes i just want to be left alone
If not any other days, today, today I definitely earned my paycheck
el dolor solo es una etapa de la vida.
My hair is a lost cause\nShits horrid
Let's go men!
1 day a generation will say \"and you knew the CIA was setting us up to kill each other &amp; you did it anyway? &amp; you, you let it happen?\"
Bout to watch all the ape movies before I watch dawn of the apes. I never thought it was all that but it look good
what are we doing rn lmfao
I can't live like this anymore
OMG so fucking happy real talk!!!!
BRAVO costa rica \\o\/ a los 4to
Cup Noodles is actually pretty filling.
Worst pickup line ever: \"yo are you sunburned? Or are you always this hot\"
\": Im not an asshole just don't give a fuck a lot\"
Thank god I don't got to worry about miss baldes and what I tweet no more. Free man.
Aint no women like the one i got
Hated 90% of my graduating class. I'm glad I have a break for three months.
Cheering openly for Costa Rica in an overwhelmingly Greek crowd because goalie is just so damn good.
Sam just don't know when to stop
I hate u for taking thatpicture
beers and a movie.. so not used to being spoiled.
Eating before a workout is not the business.
the contro began when orangeSnuffy put his palm on Red Snuffys money as a joke..relax..it was a joke\n\nhere *throws red snuffys $ in the air*
The worst part of traveling alone in the airport is having to take all of your shit and cram it into the stall with you
AN ABSOLUTE FIRECRACKAA
I ran 2.848 for ! Thx2 for sponsoring me!
I feel hellla used
Zzzz \": 10. You have the spend the rest of your life with your last sexual partner. Happy or nah?\"
3 things I love: islanders, underground rappers, my friends.
Remember remember the fifth of November
Maybe I should delete Facebook and change my number so nobody gets a hold of me. DONE.!
to all geeks attending
like nigga you think I chose to live in east Mesa??? lmao
I always find things out so don't even try and hide stuff from me
You can tell he never won a race when he was a kid
I wouldn't mind playing tournies in Pennsylvania if it wasn't for the long ass drive
That passing tho
I Mean He Was Always A Dubb In My Eyes !
Now I gotta be productive
We all knew this day would come
\"Life is not always how many letters, it may be the order of letters And how deep in your soul the letters hit you\"\n-
It's not what you know or who you know, it's what you can implement and execute
God bless America! And no place else!
If you're a Miami Heat fan and you don't become classy to the Spurs, you have no self respect. True facts!
If my wife don't cook for me idgaf I'm cheating
Damn now I just wanna sleep
I can deal with weed but that coke shit not for me, keep that life
WHAT A RIPPER
all my friends are assholes and idiots but I love them all to death.
CLINT FUCKIN DEMPSEY!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!
Anybody in Fleetwood wanna get food, I'm nice so I'll pay
I use to think I was Mya lmao
I want to punch someone in the face
My dogs afraid of thunder so I plan to be anywhere but home today
Sarah Smiles \/\/ Panic! At the Disco
The DCM app's \"now\" tab doesn't let you scroll down :(
I thought Felix was my friend. Apparently not.
I wanna straighten my hair buuut ima wait til like the first day of school or something
I just want something real, something I've never had before
Why put on the game when I can just go on twitter
Omg saw at the parade!
Shit was live
Somebody get that fucking Ghana band in the stadium to stfu
My cowboy boots are better than yours.
Clint is the goat
extremely excited to hear Joe Buck in FOX's golf commentary booth next year
Okay lets all agree on never using the word \"bae\" again
Let come up to me in the city asking to buy his album . Shit I'll buy all the copies and take him home !
I'm starting to realize Jason Kidd is kind of a piece of shit
What time is Mr. loveric's review class tomorrow??
We well connected and well protected
hate being negative but everything's messing with me right now and i can't take it anymore
Se nota que cualquiera puede ser periodista en ECUADOR. Ejemplo miren a este Lamebotas diciendo q RUEDA hizo mejores caso jaja
kind of glad this weekend is over but sad that the music is over. get what I'm saying?
I swear my dad slick bitch about everything
damn, Even Lebron knows its over
L O L : Ok... RT : Happy 2014th birthday America!
You can fucking kiss my ass human centipede
I think I'm about to jump out of my car going 75 on the parkway
I have a huge choir of thought you knew God is understatement
I'm like overly obsessed with my boyfriend and that's okay
When u go to the barber shop n nobody in there &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Words cannot describe how much I love Nutella
Happy birthday Derek Jeter!
On The Run, too. Shit annoying \": I don't wanna see Bey and Jay Z perform Drunk in Love -__-\"
I never cried this much in my life yo.
How to be taken seriously in any sport 101: have dreads
Brandon and Matt still take L's
I should tweet , cause they are ridiculous.
there is a big difference between i love you and love you
This is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night
LOL the boys ain't having it. My baseball knowledge is on the lowwwwww
Tryna get my nigga money to come out with me
Drinking and drinking and drinking with my boss ... I love that ...
I'm cooking up some real gnarly material.
What a waste of a day
Wow get in Nani is a pudding
I'm so tired.. Words can't describe but atleast I work at a water park! Cold water make me wakey!
Sex would be great right now.
It's been a year away from my dance studio family. Aw that just hit me :(
On my way to play at Anthony D's in Milford with Six Train Soldier. We are opening for Chris McCarville and Jimi Bell with Maxx Explosion.
I havent had a breakfast sandwich in so long that it flipped my whole day and made me happy as shit
Girls will try to tell you that they're weird, or that they're a nerd. Anything to make it seem like they're unique. You're all the same tho
OMG KIMBERLY DID U SEE HER
My balls are sweaty as hell. Feel like there's mashed potatoes in my underwear
A man and his six foot crossbow accompany me on the B train home
I need some sleep in my life
marry me! Haha
There's a bunny just hanging out in kyle's back yard... Lmao
Ghana tryin to kill us yo
Fucking Tessa man, I love you
Lmao how bout you stop subbing me and text me ? K? K
Ya se a quien voy a cortar de uuuuuna.
Through the legs
almost fully satisfied with the amount of color I got.
Omg ! These speeches are long !
Health coming back. Good times. Good nights. Loss of muscle, but gains in evweytging else.
I literally have no voice :(
Bring on don...
Can't trust none of these hoes
Catch me at the mills then the carnival looking bummy as fuck lol
Don't eat with a nigga that's going to brag about feeding you.
if you wanna have an affair with someone you gotta atleadt do it right lmao
BRUH WHAT THE FUCK TYPE OF AIM WAS THAT. Ronaldo walllinnnnnn
Convos with myself when I wake up \"damn last night was crazy do I remember it all?\" \"Joy you were sober\" \"...oh yeah\"
really wish you were still here for me like you said you'd always be.
I should have also listed \"O, Do Not Forsake Me\" because I often think of the lyrics. \"Sure, you think that's old... but what do you know?
Are you fucking serious?
The worst thing about being up this late is that there's no one to talk to
Die on your feet or live on your knees
OH MY GOD YES!
The new season of Teen Mom 2 looks next-level. Fortunately, Jesus has blessed Jenelle with a 2nd pregnancy
is showcasing his magic and couldn't hit a skyscraper
Niggggggggaaaa my pops came through with the brownies thooooo!!!!
I don't \"hate\" everything, I'm just not interested in the various things some people are so fascinated by.
it's like depressing thinking I have to wait a year til bonnaroo
I wanna see what acts like when he's turnt.
There's gotta be a better way to show what I'm feeling
Lmao my mom was cursing me out I was laughing so loud
To live yur best life and be your best self
needs to be a rewind button in life
Today was quiz day for me. I passed.
Why even give a stipend if its going to be insultingly low?
I'm so annoyed but what else is new
Grove Street is picking and to win today. Nothing like on the 4th of July (except still playing )
Now that was a pretty sick goal .
I'm reminded of the quote \"it's all coming together Pepper. It's all coming together.\"
I may get some Taco Bell later??? Hmm
New York public transportation might just be the worst thing ever
People should not be scared of their governments. The government should be scared of its people
Weren't fights usually set on weekends in fields. Like I work in the morning full time what the fuck
te amo, te amo, te amo, te amo, te amo, te amo y te re re re re amo.
The &amp; Group Chat Funny as Shit ... Lol
Warning sign, no feeding the baboons,\nseeing as they got your back bleeding from the stab wounds
don't stop till you filthy rich &amp; on top
Cause it's all in my head
The Comment Under The Video Though
My little sister has cavities - who called it
When people think they are really relevant &lt;
Of COURSE the wifi is down in Asnuntuck when I want to watch the World Cup.
Gabino wants to fall asleep on my stomach
Babe left for Vegas earlier this morning and I'm confidently doing the walk of shame out of his house with stank ass breath rn lol.
I fucking hate fighting with you when you're the only one I want to talk to.
My cousin is 24 and getting married like idk to me that's ridiculously young
Can't wait to see this kid as an upperclassman ... His stuff has so much potential
It's a show. In the city. Remember with my last show in Oakland you thought \"too bad her gig isn't in the city\"
So hungry I cant spell either apparently
I hate Nate &amp; Blair together
What y'all know about the Isley brothers??
so proud that I didn't get anything on my white dress
Honestly I'm on the verge of tears with frustration.
Let me clarify that tweet for anyone that is confused or misled,AHHHEEEEEMMM!!! IM JEALOUS OF BRIANA PEREZ
Its too early to be this hot
\"The only excuse that she may have possibly accepted was that I am in reality Batman and I just saw the Bat signal.\"
Being responsible is SO much work.
I've been misinformed my entire life. I thought nice eyebrows and good food were the way to a mans heart. :(
Tue Jun 24 2014 04:09:35 GMT+0000 (UTC) - Modis Flood Map Server processed 2-day composite Tile: 120W040N Date: 2014-174
Patron, Hennessy, and red bulk who in the world puts that all in one cup? wtf lol.
Eating at the most expensive steakhouse in the casino while dressed for a rave is the most uncomfortable thing ever
I miss good R&amp;b.... Who remembers that show midnight love on BET?
im so lucky, i have the best boyfriend
When the abandoned Avon store a block away from my apartment turns into a creperie....happiness.
Esto de la mudanza me tiene a punto del colapso!! No aguanto el dolor en mis piernas..
At 9:00 check your phone for time, place, and date!
But see we have a freedom of choice. No one should be judged.
Been in bed all day watching netflix.. Basically all I do now a days
I want lunch
havin heart failure due to this movie please god I don't wanna die tonight
ds ma TL y a des filles biens celibataite dans mon facebook y a que des putes en couples ... quel contraste
I'm gonna be out in rancho next weekend so anyone that wants to hangout better make plans.
\"Why can't run like a girl also mean win the race?\" Life changing quote.
K no, can't sleep. Had too much coffee
Ty Dolla sign tryna be cutee lol
Just heard a rhino fart, my Life had been made!
I swear these bitches all talk
date night will always be my favorite movie
Wish I was still 10 so I could play Barbie dream ranch on the computer and eat hella cookies
Welll, Blasterjaxx is playing at Electric Adventure sooo thats it, im goinng. And no one can tell me otherwise
Jerm has never hurt this bad
8 minutes in and legitimately no clue what is happening on Teen Wolf :)
If someone's gives me a chance, they won't forget it
Love is patient. Love is weird. And sometimes gross.
my life doesn't revolve around boys mom. like maybe I'm so annoyed because I'm always home &amp; if I wanna go anywhere it's 20 questions.
\": I just realized I will always be there for you, no matter what.\"
today had to be one of the worst days of my life but of course im still smiling
What's for bfast?
Reverend Run was the only man taking baths in the 2000s
Dempsey gets karate kid kicked in the face. no call.
Lmaoo my I strain is to funny
Some one come visit me at work now
The girl from ampm &lt;3 haha I gotta come back to Adelanto.
When you let someone go because your all into someone else just to find out they ain't give two fucks about you &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Am I watching a soccer match or a hockey game?
So many complements today on my curly messy hair idgi
Just realized how perfect my collar bones are in my avi, and that made me really happy bc I hate myself today. yay for good stuff.
I really spend my whole weekend watching Avatar, too bad I don't care
friendly reminder that the girls' album will come out on september
Really don't feel like doing these practice regents but if I don't I feel like i'll fail the regents with an even worse grade
My real hair is ridiculous like the shit just get nappy for no reason
Paola was cute til I heard her voice..
Panik, you need a Twitter account!
top of the pyramid. home what'd I tell you
What a shot..
Everyone is so Vineyard Vines over here, damn
Maybe if stuff were done my way there would be no complications smh
cleaned my room &amp; finished my homework..all that is left is laundry
Be real and be humble, everything else does NOT matter.
No lie Chris brown performing at ya show will automatically make it a better show, cause he always go hard.
Mom just walked into my room and saw my pack of cigarettes and didn't say a word. Eh idk how to feel
A city is only really home when you stop being mystified by its public transport system and instead are just constantly angry at it.
Just sprinted around my girlfriends house yelling GOAL !!!
didn't get any of my AP work... oops
OBSESSED WITH THAT SIMPSONS TAPPED PUT GAME
Age Aint Nun But A Number xx Pretty Ricky
LUHHHLLZZZZZ just read \"vag mounds\" on a Twitter comment wahaaahhaaaa
Last minute of my birthday it's lit
