I can't own anything nice because I'm a slob when I eat. Always getting something on my clothes
Ya regresa a tu lado de mi cama amor !
What do u call it if a girl talking to two dudes at the same time tellin em both things to lead em on? What's that called?
Today's Special (Sushi &amp; Sashimi) : Giant Clam, Bonito, Kohada, Syako, Blue Fin Toro, Tai, Conch and Aji!!!
The fact that my dad woke up in the middle of the night asking my mom if she put pretzels in the pretzel oven the other night is so sad
You're straight up stupid if you think you can get to understand someone because of their tweets. People front for twitter all the time.
Just got off the phone wit my bro! Man I needed that love!
I'm gonna guess USA got a goal
Lord give me the strength to handle this pain.
Great little weekend...Dodgers kicked ass this weekend and two shoot outs for my kind of weekend!
Debating if I should go for a run, but then I feel like shit
So glad today's over. Tomorrow I'm gonna start fresh without stress.
\"Dogs are better than boyfriends, and the good thing is that you can't talk back, so I just say whatever I want...\" - my cousin to my puppy
deee meeenoooos, todo se puede ;)
You can never win at the job someone's always in a bad fucking mood.
The new Transformers was the best movie I've ever seen
Guys shore house is so tits
Ill be quick to put anyone im their place
GoT theme stuck in my head all week. Makes everything I do feel silently epic. I'll take it.
AFTER 3 SEASONS AND 13 EPISODES IM STILL OBSESSED WITH THE AUSTIN AND ALLY THEME SONG OKAY?
Prayers out to you Jozy. Come on Aron!!!!!!
This is so fucking retarded.
I miss those blue eyes, how you'd kiss me at night
In the field we play for keeps.
I must be the only one who has zero convos these days
Telemundo reaction to goal &gt; ESPN reaction to goal
GOAL IN FIRST 30 SECONDS LETS GOOO
Must use those free shake coupons from shake shack already.
Some men say women should be seen but not heard.\n\nI prefer obscene and heard moaning my name.
Edler crushing the live tweets though
Niggas are drinking Jack Daniels from tea cups lmfao.
I ran outta windex last night... So I couldn't clean anything
So im begging my mom to get salsa for weeks bc we had tortilla chips for days and now she finally gets it and we have no chips
me and dallas deff fighting this week no if ands or buts
border patrol kept telling me to get in line for visas. they must have assumed I was a mail order bride since I looked so miserable
Is it illegal to drive with a flag on your hood?
do I need to resort to titty pics where guys r choking on their own saliva??
This is why I smoke !!
tbh Facebook isn't good for anything anymore except stalking exes
Paola is this season's thirstiest gal. She wants Cody SO bad.
Michael Ealy and Terrence J is my baeeeeee .. Lawd have mercy
Cuando lo hacemos a mi manera
Anyone have a Luke Bryan ticket they wanna sell!?
Minor setback for a major comeback
Hating Ronaldo seems like hating Tom Brady. I don't see the point.
When my back 'cracks', I feel as if I have traveled to heaven and kissed God.
Chick from Soho said: Weird couple moved next door-they're home during day- after midnights jump from 13th floor land on street unharmed.
no this isn't my first Yankee game, it's my fourth so bYe
Happy independence day , stay safe .
Seriously though why was the last live wack? The frekin first opening was more hype than that one for Love Live and snow halation was better
This game is crazy
What's wrong with Mercurial? `hg root` makes one of path elements lowercase, making it an invalid path. An invalid path!
Love really turns into hate b, I've experienced it.
Your friends must really wana see me wash this kid with the way they try and sneak around. When I show up in a cab and wash him n dip u know
Que gol mas pendejo
So does anybody remember the TV unfabulous?
Got the only headache because of my wisdom tooth
FUCK YOU, fuck you very very much ~o~
Yall gotta stop the LeBron jokes.. he and the heat are still great
Flights delays means I can go drinking with the San Fran team. Result!
Good to know that mom refers to me and as \"those weird girls\"
I really need to stop changing my mind on cars.
Ugh, I hate feeling like this
Solution to finding out the worst yet best news possible? Drive around bergen county listening to Edith Piaf.
Tomorrow's Monday and I don't even care.
Went to bed at 5 how am I up ?
I don't understand when people think they prove a controversial point and then I finish the end of the statement with \"idc idc idc idc\".
Deep fried Oreos, deep friend twinkles, deep fried Nutella, we even have deep fried watermelon! Come get your diabetes, free today!
\": Omarion gonna perform tonight in the memory of Lil Saint\" noooo
I'm too good of a woman to allow alof of the shit I be going through.. I gotta do better
Laying in bed, it's pitch black and I'm listening to the rain. I love this.
As our drug dealer Larry is over...on TV goes \"I haven't showered in 3 days LARRY\" ok
Who wants to play Marco Polo?
Got to find that AE exhaust to put on my car by the end of the summer.
GO GO GO ..
Time for our Fourth of July workout!
I had some pot in a bag and I just washed the jeans it was in....should I?
This depressing ass music is gunna drive me to drink
Recently my dreams have been so amazing. I literally wake up with a smile on my face and with pure happiness.
Getting hit with rainbow loom necklaces hurts alot.
COME ON USA
Damn Chinese food got to me, I'm ode tired!
Shoot a nigga in the thigh &amp; leg &amp; tell em catch up like mayonnaise
Comin up I thought Cupid was stupid; only two loves, my family and music
That's it Spurs got it!
Told people at work I'm graduating high school tomorrow, their reaction: \"YOU'RE STILL IN HIGH SCHOOL?!????!?!?\"
I'm getting more acquainted with my camera though. this is good. this is reaaaaaal good. *starts laughing maniacally*
dont tweet about people when you didnt fucking know him. people die every day &amp; what is a tweet gonna do? stfu ignorant assholes
Very much looks like will not fight Aug 9
\"You'd think after watching so much porn I'd be really good at drawing anatomy.\"\n\"................I don't even know how to respond to that.\"
To young to be going through shit like this
I parked halfway in the middle of the road, and really didn't care at all.
I'm sorry but lebron is such a sore loser he need to face the fact that he's not always goin to be a winner.
Really why would anybody eat at Olive Garden in NYC
Gunna miss you so so much
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GABBY NOW WAKE UP AND LOOK ON INSTAGRAM
I can't sleep I'm so pumped!
NZ KO MALI TE FIFA LA ?
And you're missin me like hell, keep it to yourself
My aunt ironed my cousins underwear..... Excuse me
Holy shit you are so annoying
And it's worse cause you know that I deserve it....take a shot for me
We tear it up everytime we go to the beach plain and simple
the more important things in life are free.
I napped too much today.. I'm wide awake
Who pool hopped in my pool Saturday at 3 AM.
I have great ass friends thank god that they really helped me pull through these last few days or they woulda been 100x harder and longer
last night &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
i won't give up on you
I mean I know I'm an adult but I hate the dentist and I'll probably cry tomorrow when I go
if she's worth it. it won't b eeeasyyy.
I don't mind that they like it they're usually just too much with it
sexual frustration is not healthy .
Sexy timeout from apartment cleaning to watch World Cup PKs
HOYAL GRAIL UH.... BLUE TOLD ME TO REMIND YOU NIGGAS!!!
Let's have an adventure, shall we?
4pm today shit going to get real Colombia plays japan no sweat we been killing teams lately anyways
GOAL!!!! BY CLINT DEMPSEY GIVE ME MY FUCKING BOOTS
Not even gonna write in that, everyones \"tuff\" and like starting shit for no reason
Hugo is so bad walking he goes 5 feet and then starts wheezing and peeing on every mailbox in sight
I can never sleep. Meanwhile Ralph is snoring next to me....
This is the best day I've had in a while.
Peace the fuck out twitter...deleting due to peoples lack of fucking knowledge and being rude.And ima living lie
if u get arrested why the fuck would u post a video a week later of u underage drinking...
To get up at 5 and go to the gym?? Sighhh.
I've witnessed israeli injustice when I was in palestine; there needs to be another infitada
Cristiano Ronaldo is a mess right now..
And on top of most of my music being gone, the album covers aren't there, and neither are the album names when I download then again
- lmao can I live ?
Too bad it's on the same time as raw
\"LGBT\" stand for Lettuce Gay Bacon and Tomato.
what if paranoia is a mind state trying to warn you of someone or an event
why tf you retweet him? lucky my phone dead
A few drops of rain just fell. So I guess the drought has been solved.
Is there such a thing as chronic nosebleeds
Just thinking about it, I really wish I could run 80 miles per hour... That would be badass
I just wanna be drunk all weekend but noooo. Fucking work.
Took a run around my neighborhood &amp; didn't get honked at or talked to
probably annoyed the shit out of ghost town but i had a gr8 night
what is this guy bleeding about. Seriously we push the facts.. They lie about the facts and hide the facts
I just love English curse words. They're much more effective in my book. \"You're such a wanker.\" \"Shut up you twat.\" \"Piss off.\"
on Portugal is a bitch
Hugs Chief ((())) *Salute Back*
Millions of tax payer dollars will now go towards building a net under the golden gate to prevent people from committing suicide
And there was nothing I wouldn't do for you.
Being na3ma is just too difficult like I can't do it man I can't
why does the USA's coach look like George Bush?
I want everything back to normal
I'll admit it. I'm one of those girls that twerk for no reason when I'm excited.
i really like coffee but everytime i have some im up til 5am
My mom left a \"To Do\" list in the bathroom with a pen. All it said was \"buy KoolAid\"
I can't wait to sleep the fuck in tomorrow and not have to work all day.
Too tired for a closing shift ;-;
Drunk in love well maybe in love actually no I don't love insert sound in glass of water ok
Hate feeling sick.. Better not feel like this when I wake up
If you ain't down wit this pimpin, what u fuckin wit me foe?
I'll let you think I'll be on some bs like that..
Someone going to warped get me one of those necklaces is making and I'll KISS YOU
The other one ask me to see my tat. Like was so shy in there lols
No appreciation for Ash
Sweating so bad at the gym but my sweat smells like alcohol.
New form of bag bean football with my cousins. Hit as many people as you can
Oh por el amor de Yeezus
And he deleted the text right in front of me &amp; when I'm asking who's that he's playing stupid like \"what you talking bout.\"
I ate the booty - Austin Perez
Don't worry about me, just keep doing you.
Your doing well!
I swear to god if that joke goes to waste rn...
Things Happen For A Reason I Swear ...
I could listen to Graceland on an endless loop forever
You weak if you don't add me on snapchat rn
Come grab about 500 beers from and myself Saturday Night at Percy's Tavern. 13th &amp; A, Manhattan.
All I did today was lay in bed and watch Netflix
got hella interesting after tonight and I gotta see ferg and zombies again Friday this is crazy
I don't know where I'd be if it weren't for your friendship, your knowledge and your patience&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Im tryna chill with all my LI all star team football players before I go to college like Wussup turn up turn up
I don't love you I just love your dick
\" you are a prettier version of natalie wood\"
Whew, so glad I'm an owner in a closely held corporation. That's one way to make sure I have good health coverage.
Transformers before I passout &gt;&gt;&gt;
Going off the grid for a few days. Heading to Sykes in Big Sur.
My life will be made in 18 mins
CTFU Keyona Got Me In Here CRYING
I love when my whole family is in a good mood. We have such a good time.
Fuck I'm exhausted and all I've done is sit on the couch all day
Just gonna rt all this bitches tweets I find it funny
Excited for in NYC tonight!
Dat side net doe.
bitch dont tell me who to be friends with all yall bitches hoes &amp; im still yall friend foh
Nobody wants to see us together but it don't matterrrr no cause I got youuu
The 76ers are the most obvious tankers.....fix the system to prevent this
That food hit the spot fr
Wait, limited service in Mendocino? Disconnected from the world? What? That'll be a good thing.
my mom is pissed because i bought $30 worth of shit from hot topic like u gave me the debit card
should also trend...fyi
Ya no puedo acercarme a tu boca, sin deseartela de una manera loca...
We have reported the outage to who were unaware. We seem to have been the first. 800-572-1131 for power failure reports in town.
Pow of time to wait fo good chicken and buck up shot. And dats just rotti from other island
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
Soon as we could see clearly\nThrough our big black eye\nMan, we lit up your world\nLike the 4th of July
Girls need to stop showing their entire body it leaves no room for imagination
I'm sick of seeing that nasty boob picture on Facebook! Please stop sharing it, it's not real.
Its a shame how twisted things are... men are more impressed w\/the fact that I dont have any kids than my own place, job &amp; a degree
Uhmm...but IS one of the models!! NO AUSTIN!!
Fuck my life &lt;|3 !. I just wish I could just stop being a bother to anyone :\/
\"The urge comes through my fingertips to punch you\"
Wanted the Wyatts to win, but that was a Bad Ass tag match, Great match
27 on my ACT! UVM here I come!!
Stamford Working Fire: 46 Leeds Street, Companies on scene and operating
Wow! Are you in Italy? Couldn't tell from your a.) 100 second snap story b.) 1383930 tweets c.) Instagram
Obviously this is a team built for AT&amp;T Park
\": notice everything, most of time they just don't say anything.\"
Who would you like to see walk of with your championships Daniel Bryan
Dario Saric has inked a 3 year deal with Turkish club Anadolu Efes and can't come over to the for 2 years. This might lower his stock.
These USA guys are barely getting touched and getting hurt
ETG won't have Codesports or any updates, it's going to be like the game first came out since they missed a update and had to delete all.
8 days away from my comeback!
Wow, i would hate to take a penalty in the world cup man.
Gol de Bosnia !!!
Thought through my noggin ....... Starting to piss me off
why do customers talk to me
I cant wait for nicki performance.
It's so irritating when my friends take my seriously. Like really dude, how long have you known me? I'm one mother fucker
Beasley basically means the Heat are throwing in the towel
All these diamonds in my teeth\nI'm gone off a gallon of Hennessy
I'm so bored that im pretty much ready 3 hours before I have to leave
Fuck you thunder you can suck my dick
I don't want to be a second choice. I want to matter enough to you..
Best friend depression
I'm American before anything else
Congratulations to these rich kids getting richer and richer!
Watch Gunny Highway I'm sure you'd like it a lot
All the Spurs still ugly tho
Happy 4th of July !!!
I don't know what world my mom lives in that she thinks it's not hot in the house.
What are the chances that mark whalberg finds a transformer
To everyone who's already watching Teen Wolf; GTFO OF TWITTER I AINT TRYNA KNOW WHAT HAPPENS I MIGHT FAINT
I should've been at the beach right now
But nahh rappers rather throw money in videos
Come tell me to my face Mac's new tape \"Faces\" wasn't fuego so I can unfollow you
Happy 4th of July. Be safe and watch out for the other guy.
Ghana is just dirty
Those Kermit the frog posts are too fucking funny
DRAKE TO GOOD TO COME TO THE BET AWARDS? aight
Biggest lie in college: this book is required
The internet is the trippiest thing ever
You ladies wanna dance.. Yes... OK take it easy..steve she said yes these hottie's wanna shake it let's go
Our grade is too retarded for this
\"What shape is sociopathic bitch\" Me.
Snapchat me @ jlovesv or comment your name!
What I really need is a loyal weed man
Listening to the\"Mortal Kombat\" episode, the Christopher Lambert impressions are amazing! lol
Whenever I'm able to hit a fly in midair, I feel like that fly screwed up a very easy QTE.
why Tamar acting like she the baddest bitch
God damn Di Maria is nasty
I feel bad for lebron . Nigga team is garb
Lightskin girls all crazy as fuck it's just apart of they nature
Lets Goooooo!!!!!!!!!! USA USA USA USA
That's how you getter done like a champ(;
I wish was live tweeting this match.
Happy 4th! I wish freedom was free.
Taking pto in the morning and heading to downtown San Jose for the World Cup :D let's go USA!
A guy I met at walmart added me on Facebook. Life is weird. And kind of awesome.
any sports stores in dinuba that sell mexico jerseys?
I hope Netherlands kicks costa Ricas ass out of the World Cup!!!!
IM CRYING EVERYVODY IS GETTING A SHAWN FOLLOW AND IM JUST IN THE FLOOR CRYINV
Dime con quien anda y te dire quien ere
Waiting for the q88 at this time is so annoying like the bus is right there but it's not moving
And Im tha crazy white boy
now everyones indirecting nash so my chances for a tweet is gone
The only holiday I celebrate is 420.
Mills getting hyped sit the fuck down
woo El Salvador got this
Omg can you just be cool?! Once! Please! Just once! Can you just once be cool?! ONCE! PLEASE!
That felt like the worst run ever
This is my favorite song on this album
\"That noise sounds like me pooping\" -
I love arguing with Morgan about sports
Omg ive never been in so much pain in my life.
I just need someone to text every now and then. Laugh and giggle for a bit, gets lonely when you can't trust a lot of people anymore.
OFFICIALLY AT TURNING STONE LETS GO BABY
Busy work week... I'm behind in my viewing... but I'm not a paid sweaty nerd!
My brother got the black and white foams, lol what.
One more Ronaldo tweet and I'm pulling the trigger
no one cares.
To the human who first thought of combining peanut butter and bananas: marry me?
I must be a Disney princess because my pets get all lovey dovey when I sing.
Completely drunk in New York is that funny I'm asking. You
Yes I deleted that picture on insta to post a different one
So &amp; I got matching Avis.
If Mexico wins this one, they have a hell of a chance to win the whole tournament
Literally just ran for my life past some abandoned house
Another second's past another moment I should've grabbed
closed out superman AND king da ka
i miss you, i'm not gonna crack.
Alot of you niggas better pray your daughters never fall in love with a nigga like you.
Man I've never really thought about what I wear LOL. I only own black jeans and black or dark blue shirts.
Love the first session with an athlete where they show immediate improvement after a few small tweaks.
I dont mind my guys a little nerdy :-)
Alright so guys meet up at the high school, by the tennis courts around 6. Bring whatever baseball stuff you've got and some water as well.
Honestly I think I'm the nicest person you'll ever meet
win or lose on thursday, germany is guaranteed a place. first if they win second if they lose cuz they scored more points than ghana or port
piterslly took 3 mins to correctly spell my lastweet
How many times am I going to hear Katy Perry's \"Fireworks\" tonight?
When will Harper &amp; Rowen actually bathe? Stinky bastards!!!
seriously, I hate .. cable &amp; internet outages all the time &amp; no one ever has any answers.. \n\nworst. service, ever.
Just drew graffiti on a wall like I'm a weirdo
I'm in the mood to hear Spanish music for the rest of the night till I k.o
every time I think about how much boys love me, I can't help but sing \"I'm love with a stripper\" in my head
he threw a jab at pac on that song \"how can playas stand there and say i sound like them, HELLO\" (push wigs back and 6 coupes thats yellow)
How can you abuse an animal man. Like seriously. What the fuck goes on in your head....
Mom &amp; dad fighting bc my dad thinks my mom hates his girls (the dogs) and he's super offended
There is top level of immaturity from Gvot to handle the .
Some fantastic product announcements from today. Never cease to amaze
Give a nigga an inch they take a mile
Maybe a callused heart isn't a bad thing.
Bosnia hiphip horray
lol not one person here likes me
I really don't understand the allure of Houston
What if BNB drops the title now only to win on Sunday?
saudades dia q a valesca me respondeu
!!! Well deserved win in PKs, one hour of playing down a man against , defending by the skin of their teeth!!
I honestly have the most amazing boyfriend EVER!
\"Change positions\" - Pleasure P
Change your life Little Mix
My aunt and I's 3am conversations are perfect
Indo encontrar o Cakes
Does even get soccer?
I pull up to the house in a yellow Lamborghini. It's been a few months yet you haven't seen me, Ya lookin' good in that Gucci bikini
Second time I've been targeted at my job in the past two weeks, I need a full time body guard to walk out at night now
Wait but Jay is at the ?
can I delete an insta photo and post another one in the same day or is that no okay?
Come on Croatia!
I feel like going for a walk to the park, get spliffy, and talk about life..
Hadd Se ziyada kaminapan from
I can only do one thing and that's be lady SOVEREIGHN
TIME FOR NIGHT OF ZERO LAUGHS ON
If you don't like America, then leave. We're so blessed to be living here and I'd rather live her than any other country in the world.
Netherlands are gunna smoke Costa Rica.. Keep your celebrations to a minimum.
Bout to go out for some fresh air.
I wonder how long I would have to starve myself to get a body like my sister's?
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Are you that cold? Do you need that scarf?
In a millions years I would never imagine this ever happening
The dance scene at the end of the breakfast club makes me wanna rage so hard
drake in my texts but wocka flocka on twitter
I just hit that high note to Shai- If I Ever Fall In Love \"My FRIEEENNNND\"
Head ache pain in my ass
Don't act surprised when I leave &amp; don't come back
Was suppose to get power back at 530...now they said 8...k den
\"WOW, strathmore is poppin todayyyy\" -
She keep on gettin' played like it's recess
Wait how did that work
mind offa me tek ya mind offa me
Wow that was cool
I'm feeling a Klose hat trick
I don't like saying anything before the postseason ends, but fuck does it feel good to see my a's with the best record in the majors.
Thump thump thump - lazy bible thumper predicts the rapture THATS Exceptionalism.. Uh hunh ..
i finally unfollowed paris hilton. she knows what she did.
I actually miss ya so so much
Not watching this shit anymore. Hopefully the next one will be better
Who wants to come to this manalapan banger tn?
GAME OF THRONES FINALE WITH &amp; Connor O'Hagan MY EXCITEMENT CANNOT BE CONTAINED
Nina is such an amazing bestfriend man
I don't want to always be the one texting first
\"It's one size fits all\" \"no, one size fits most...most..\"
Oh god Germany Vs. Algeria has to be one of the best matches in the World Cup right now
Lowkey think my aunt that flew in from Chicago don't like me..and she's staying over for like 2 weeks lol
O CARA PEDIU A MINA EM CASAMENTO E ELA DISSE SIM VAI FAMILIA AMERICAAAANAAAA
Bruhhh hopefully jozy ight
Clint fuckin Dempsey!!!!!!
Can Marianna please be my sister....
Is that Tyran Mathieu?
You know im Dominican when im late to my own party lmao
I was an undergrad at BostonU &amp; the violence spilled onto college campuses. Daddy almost made me transfer~ISaidNoWay
Rewatch game of thrones? Yes please
So if they advance is without a manager? Haha
The SCOTUS made 2 wrong calls: against birth control and against unions. Both 5\/4 decisions on political grounds.
Just realized I'm going to Disneyland tomorrow... Lol
DON'T YOU EVER SAY I JUST WALKED AWAY.
Portugal probably has fresh tampons in the locker room.
Ugh! I missed the first goal and now is injured?! Aaagh
guess I'll have to wait til next summer and hopefully be home
A Man who is a coward will never admit to letting an amazing woman go.
It takes a lot for me to apologize. So if I say it, I mean it.
I dunno, I'll just pretend I didn't hear anything and go to sleep
all ive done since school let out was work or nothing fuck
You got what I want. I got ywar you need
True Life: I was supposed to be a kardashian
Back from the amazon with a vengeance! crushed me this morning and I luved it!
the people who used to live in our apartment still havent changed their address so i keep getting their republican propaganda in the post
\"Yet through all the gloom, I can see the rays of ravishing light and glory.\" - John Adams July 3rd, 1776
A Ver que hace costa rica.
\": A boys smile is the all time best feature of them\"
I wanna go night fishing tonight.
HOW WILL I WATCH THE USA GAME TOMORROW?! IT IS AT 12PM!
I'm hiding in a stall from Brianna Collins
Pitchers on pitchers
I don't understand why people feel the need to purposely try to annoy me.
Watching fight club, A\/C is on, need to dry my clothes and shower...CBF.
Sour got me feeling some type of way rn lmao
S\/O to the strippers that are mothers to, ima spend it all on you
A day after turning 40, Derek Jeter is 2-2 against the Red Sox. Some things never change.
How do people not go to the beach every day
The = part ? The pattern is +6, +8, +10, +12, and the last is +14
Missed Naruto for like a month fuck
Pittsburgh trade Neal. Like I said, the Flyers need to rework the blueline, Simmonds shouldnt have held up a move for .
I miss the way that it felt back then I wanna feel that way again
I def have to be up at 6 tho lol
Shout out to k phillzz for reminding me about SAT scores
I bought my self an early graduation present with an jersey
So...who else is planning to tailgate their favorite soccer pub (complete w\/ beers &amp; chairs) before doors open at 9AM PST tomorrow morning?
Suits attacking sexism in the law &amp; corporate America &gt;&gt;
there's like 6 of them too I'm going to kms
THAT WAS AMAZING!! SOCCER FOR EVERYONE!!
That had to be the quickest fucking goal in the World Cup
I hate that ask shit, shit it defeats the purpose of being lowkey.
Y si les dejo de responder es porqe me quede dormida! ADVIERTO
Now we gotta watch baseball! Yay
Double D up hoes DOLLY PARTON
Me &amp; my bro are having a hella quite dinner rn and we keep looking up at Eachother and just nodding are heads up &amp; down it's so funny
\"Heat fans\" acting like if Bron came to the Knicks y'all wouldn't be die hard Knicks fans all of a sudden Lmaoo
Fuck that nap I feel like shit now
Really want CHICHARITO to score so LVG can shut up
I've learned to keep my mouth shut when I have nothing nice to say, so I suggest you do the same :) K, thanks
Fuxkin wearing my hat.
I always like people's pics on Instagram cuz I like em
She got that good good, she Michael Jackson bad
...let me see you shake them tiddays, pop that pussy, doo doo brown!!!
Jermaine Jones right now is as American as Abraham Lincoln
Let all the rain come now and not tomorrow!
No matter how much sleep I get... 6am is still plain awful.
096 I still feel bad about hitting you with ice junior year I know you hate me for it
Chicken wings, drugs, makeup shopping, &amp; buffets heals all wounds
Ah I found the one spot where I get underground service in Union Square
Howard you are the fuckin man!
I keep telling everyone to knock it off idk why
Memo to Linkedin: I don't need birthday reminders from you. I get them from Facebook.
Como tu no hay nadie igual
A firefighters life on 4th of July! Everyone stay safe!! !
wow I hate u people
What I love about go to bar is the free wifi but not getting drunk
This show got me thinking about how fucked up i was these last few months lmao
.DM i got back with my X\n
It always feels weird to drink on a Monday, not that it's stopping me at the moment.
Unless Lebron leaves then they are fucked haha
there has to be SOME where on the haight to get an ofwgkta shirt tho
Howard standing tall like the way Tyson Chandler USED to stand tall
Text me if you're trying to go swimming tonight.
....... \": If I got aids everybody gone got it\"
34 seconds in?! USA USA
Eyes Gettin Low Almost time To Look At My Pic
I wish there was a photo service where you could search for a person + an emotion, like \"Joe Biden surprised\" or \"grumpy Hillary Clinton\"
Someone remind me again why I volunteered to drive my brother to his 7am test tomorrow
it would be cool to be able to read minds
Lost 200 on that Ecuador game and shit is bothering the hell outta me
damn it's been one year since trout lake those are some great memories
I will wear a bathing suit and drink outside all day if I have to
Things fall apart
The amount of times they've saved ppl by CPR on Lost is unbelievable
Girls, no matter how nice you dress, if your bra strap shows in any way, you no longer look nice.
Fun having almost a black eye
Healthy eating starts back up tomorrow
\"Have you ever dreamed while your awake?\" Uhmm yes bitch I'd called a day dream!!!
I wish I had someone I could tell everything to
HE JUST PULLED A D ROSE GET UP
What an unbelievable shot by Jermaine Jones
Son says no to father's private jet and buys commercial tickets. The father buys every other seat on the flight.
fun fact: I had a handful of seasoned 5 guys fries in this picture.
You cool and I haven't seen you in a min bro
still yinkin w Steve and jake
Just like to call to attention that from 12:30 am to 6:30 am I watched nothing but Scrubs on Netflix.
I finally got to see him! Made my day ^^
Pandora: summer hits of the 200's
\"Once waiting at my gynos office I watched an entire movie. I watched Taken. Had the patience of a glacier\"
The best Part is the boating license never expires it's not like a drivers license
I havent been sober since ive gotten to santa cruz
I wonder if you ever talk about missing me to anyone.
This white chick is actually reading an Ann Coulter article. Fucking white people are ridiculous.
Question regarding pretzels. How do they get the sawdust into these intricate forms
It's about time someone scored. Match is dead as fuck
A drone that follows you around and provides air conditioning
Walking into a wall is a mistake. Cheating on someone isn't. These are facts.
striker Jozy Altidore is out for the rest of the
Are you DTEM?
What is the best movie one could watch
\"It just sits in my mind, not moving. Not doing anything. Except sitting, and staring at me.\"
\": do u ever just crave somebody's presence\"
-Qe mas quieres de mi?\n-Que esta vez no pidas nada a cambio...
I want to close your eyes for this.. Name the song... And the band or singer..
I've got 99 problems and being broke is all of them.
What a shot. Are you kidding me
Penalties! Vs. LETS GO!
Why does it feel like the are going to end the year on a 90 game losing streak? This is bad....usually you fall into a few wins
Today Savta has told me I looked like a boy in my backwards hat, that some lady is a barrel and that a man looks like a homo
Went to sleep because I was dead tired after work. Just now woke up.
y'all say y'all balling, but who really out here scoring
If Shawn followed me it would legitimately be the perfect day
It could have been 2-1
aAh ya empiezan con su burling ala extranjera verdad e-e
Who's the beard guy I digs him!
If she would've been with me it wouldve been over
I miss my perm so much :(
My nerves didn't let me sleep at all ._.
if I don't see Arctic Monkeys,Say anything,and The Neighbourhood along with Danny brown bruh I swear this is going to be a very sad year
Real talk DM me if you're a real friend if you don't you fake and out of my life forever
U CAN GO FROM TALKING 2 SOME 1 EVERYDAY ALL DAY.. THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN SHIT CHANGE &amp; THEIR JUST ANOTHER # IN UR CONTACTS
I was being hella rude and he was still tryna holla at me
en 3 minutos me llenaron de notificaciones culiaaaaaaa
CRY BABY JAMES NEED TI LAY DOWN SOMEWHERE
It's alright to tell me what you think about me
I want a push gift after our first baby's born, specifically a necklace, so I can pass it on to my first born daughter when she gets married
iedereen gaat bbq'en ik ga mehtap pizza eten
if kyungsoo dyed his hair blonde and pushed it back he would look older but he still looks like a toddler
Wade stuff arm is nasty
Thinking of while watching Grey's 6x24
We love the reggae and jazz, rock n roll could be cool, alternative too, we love the rhythm &amp; blues, but I'm a hip-hop babaaaayyy
when i met ya in the winter
Just an Ok trade by Phil's Knicks. Calderon is an upgrade over Felton, 22M+ owed over the next 3 years kind of tough to like this trade.
When was the last time you lost your virginity?
I have a pregnant woman in my family who isn't fasting &amp; she keeps eating like everything in sight in front of us and it's so annoying.
Fact 5: I'm the type of person who would go out of their way to put a smile on your face with a cute cheesy text message.
A Conversation With My Mexican Neighbor About Lana Del Rey's White Feminism
ig it's cute to fucking shower before me so im wild late for work
graduate med school RT : 4) Goal you must accomplish?
FB is doing a terrible job at recommending friends for me..no thanks
Jacob ima unfollow you
If I had a dollar for every time this huge domino's sign that was stolen for me fell in my room..I'd probably buy the correct mount for it.
I wake up every morning and pull on my stomach fat. Its extremely theraputic
I like making an impression. I like to stand out.
Shay Bay\nBaybay Shay\nBabe Shay\nBrethren Shay\nBoo Shay\n\nI've got em all.
Losing your headphones is probably one of the worst things that can happen
I was doing this exact same thing less than 1 year ago. Listen to music and stay on twitter till 4.
You Dont know how much I hate you right now
\"Si te hace feliz, entonces vale la pena.\"
Tuckered out from biking and swimming so I am going to take a \"nap\" see you all in the morning.
The curve on that was absolutely unreal.
It sucks how in NY you can't buy and shoot off fireworks unless you have a permit
No one is home and I'm blasting the Bullet Club theme.\nThat kind of night.
nothing like starting the week off with a 13 hour day
mood: christan memes
Country clubs are in my future.
i have a fucking tanline from my ponytail
Going to bed &amp; turning my phone off
Finding old tweets from people always makes people catch old feelings.
There is nothing more disappointing than a theater that carries Red Vines instead of Twizzlers. Nothing.
If you don't workout it's not gonna workout
I found out why they call Makenna Kenny bitch
Uhhh with going on I should probably leave now to the airport :l
Asi es Suspenso&amp;Drama.......... Goooooooooooooooool CONGRATS!
A Nerf gun to be exact
He's so cute lmaoo
the outrage stemming from the Redskins is the most overblown bullshit ever...bunch of angry libs looking for a way to vent.
im wearing a pete Doherty tshirt that says fuck forever on it and I'm almost positive no one in New York has any idea what it's referring to
It's too bad there isn't any stars 'cause it's so cloudy
I just gotta accept the fact even though I don't want too
SFO always turns my road rage up a few notches
I'm deadass about to text everyone in my phone lol
That shit looks undone. Not eating that
Hella sexual tension with the guy on the neighbors' balcony
I learned to speak with my eyes
\": :( I'm sorry I love you Ebony Kearney\" lol love u to Tory
I hope those niggas end up smashed up in a fucken street post
The only twitter rants I enjoy (and look forward to) are from
Anyone suggesting that will ban for 2 years is delusional. 7 game ban, national team only.
Why is there another Purge movie coming out
I just want jonah to send me selfies
Atrocious morning thanks to who bumped me off a \"canceled\" flight that wasn't canceled then rebooked me on a 12 hour flight instead.
bro I hate Instagram, everyone so corny.
I'd rather have the real thing 3D
Just saw the latest propaganda commercial the truth is out now all the commercials in the world aren't going to help, you're scum
Faith opens the door to God's promises for u.and patience keeps it open until that promise is fulfilled.
Why do these guys fight over me mind you i dont like none of them
Do you ever just want to pack up and leave out of the blue without saying anything to anyone like just leave and start a new life?..
The best\/funniest shit happen when I'm high
If you could eat anything right now, what would it be?
About 5 minutes ago i almost took a deers life in Montauk...get off the damn road !
She's the picture in my wallet of my unborn children's mother
You go thru her favorites then you love her..its obvious lol
Funny seeing someone trying to be like someone else lolzz
The entire \"cupertino\" hashtag on Instagram is just of pics of Apple headquarters\/products, the homestead bridge, and latte art
Note to self - she sometimes takes Friday off.
Best believe if we go on vaca your money is right how you tell someone when you bout to board you can't cover something that's crazy smh
I wanna decorate my cap but I'm too lazy..
Spent nearly as much money on Metrocards this week as an unlimited month pass cost! Wtf! Over public transportation!
Thank you to for having me at tonight's Garden Party! Have !
Unfinished. It will always be here
Billioanire girls club with ugz on..
HOLY FUCK LETS GO!!
C'mon Spurs, put the big three in the dub club one last time
I'd straight up punk his bitch ass
That Lenny Cooke doc had me sad as shit last night
This nigga pharrel is a pastor
Bout to treat everybody how they treat me...straight up
Tiro libre para argentinaa, vamoos
LBJ played a great series. Wade? Terrible. Just horrendous. Spurs got crazy hot from the field. Heat offense got stagnant.
Hahahahahaha I just died a little
Finally I don't have to buy Kerri her R rated movie tickets and or porn anymore!!!
Dear Merkel\" why do we have De mo\"?
Today my Filipino friends went back to the Philippines, gonna miss them.
YESSS OMG PERFECT PLACEMENT
DEUCE ANGRY. DEUCE BLEEDING.
I love this right now!!!
I want to be the next Seth Rogen
If Ronaldo doesn't have the ball he does not give a f*ck
What if seeing eachother again changed everything?
Man if I told you my goals for this year you would think I'm crazy.
And he was jus practice, He ain't in you world, You can take him off your atlassss
I hate myself for the person I've become
\"You just wanna get your hands on his big old snake.\" -my mother
Am I keeping my promise to look at you like I did when I first met you?
My parents are going dts for my birthday weekend..
I could not care less who wins this game and I am still so nervous I might shit myself
ok so that answered my question from earlier bayern leads all clubs in wc scoring
I hope this shows all fans that Tim Duncan, not Kobe, is the greatest player of that generation
Playing physical I like it
If you're ratchet and you one it clap your hands!
My messages won't send as iMessage .... are you home???????????
Hahahahah why did I even bother
The wifi turned off for 5 seconds and I thought we were gonna die. Omg. \n
What did I say at the beginning of this game? Jones deserves a goal. AND HE BLOODY DID IT.
First weekend I did zero work and it was amazing!
Smh you try flexin way too much
when people say I'm a hater:\nI got news for you...\n\nI AM
But why is not answering me
More negative attention to Greece. Classic.
Last time I was this into soccer it was because I was in love with the senior roster. Good to see soccer still recruits on good looks.
If I favorite your tweet exactly when you tweet it, im not stalking, I just happened to refresh and I read fast.
this foo always checks out my avi not even my boyfriend lmao
First thing is to attach the tinted lenses to the eyes. I have the lens but not the tint. That'll be mailed in a few days.
Sleep. Why do you do this to me?
The only pilgrimage I know is the journey to the Chesecake Factory on the 8th floor
\": It's mad annoying when you give someone your all then they make a joke outta you\"
Fuck all these bitches who hate on the low and see me and be smilin
I been fucced the world , but she just now ______
That nice person that you don't like but feel guilty for not liking them... So you dislike them even more
Catdog is on soooooo I guess I'm not going to bed yet
I literally cannot sit here like this.
Yo pienso que es mejor no pensar
The world needs more positive people.
Maybe that's why I had no complaints about this weekend, because it really was heaven.
Whyy do I wake up in the middle of the night sometimes. It's silly.
Sucks to suck girl
dans ma TL y'a que du
I don't do anything to deserve that shit how about you tweet showing how much you appreciate and love me huh?
My liiifffeee in ny
There is only two people I dont wanna lose at this moment
30 SECONDS!!! 1-0!!! WOW. USA!
definitely need to get my eyebrows done before this weekend.
Listening to James Blake in the pouring rain because that's what I do.
This game tho
I need what happened last night to happen again
Luuuv Pharrell but that Happy song annoys tf out of me
I'm going to risk my life going out in this storm for Beer and oreos
I actually watch the EDC snapchat story
I am curled up on the couch rocking right now. Penalty kicks.
nothing better than the sound of \"welcome to moes\" at 11 in the morning
Rewatching Breaking Bad in hopes I will pass the Chemistry regent tomorrow
How you got a IPhone 5s but can't buy your lil kid a small Heresy pie at Burger King
Very hesitant to watch Harry potter for the rest of the day cause it will bring old emotions
\"My fascination with symbolism goes back to my teenage years. And that hasn't changed\" - Alessandra Murgia of
Pretty sure I'm driving behind a drunk driver rn.
Always RT : I swear I'm always looking for all the right shit from all the wrong people...
Never let me tell you that they're all the same
Seriously went in today , one of my favorite places on Earth.
I need a retreat
I need a miracle to happen
Eliza is literally good for NOTHING
7 days nalang, july na. Ang bilis masiyado ng panahon! Hay pero sana pag gising ko nasa Manila na ulet ako
Really i dont get the shit. If you dont the person you wit, break up wit that person. Its really not that hard.
if u had a Ferrari what would you do with it other than ride it
winking at little kids is so fun lol
It's funny bc jermaine jones wasn't even born in America
Two of today's projects I varnished the door and painted the floor. Apart finished. Too bad I have to sell
They ain't got no award for that
People change like the seasons sometimes. For good and for the bad.
okei dejo de hacerle bullying a los Mexicanos por ahora ,vere los panaltis vs ..
My new popcorn app that listens to my popcorn popping and tells me when it's done is probably my favorite thing ever
Well it looks like I'm gonna be a loser on this Friday night
Obviously I always embrace it, how doesn't anyone notice that
Have to be at work at 7am &amp; I can't fall asleep .. Greaaaat
I think we could use some more time. RT : I need more &amp; time.
It's nice to truly be confident in knowing what u prefer &amp; what makes u happy wether it be through trial and error, experience , or advice.
I seriously met the chilliest dudes ever last night
just watched an hour long video on chemistry review, I learned more than I learned from lasher lol
Optimism is for fools. Pessimism is for sad people
Got me messed up to say the least
Doesnt change the fact that soccers gay
All we need are some ponchos and it's like the rain isn't even there.
Mmmmmaine ... Cough, sneeze... Weez
It's all fun &amp; games 'til someone gets hurt.
We need to stop losing possession.
True life: girls don't like me
What I wouldn't give to be back in Canada man, life was perfect
Why do I have a following limit
Tacos and a beer sounds about right now
You feeling good in somebody's spot, getting hot, don't stop, just don't think I'm not.
60 days till move in but who's counting?
Where's all my attractive people
SFFD Heavy Rescue going the wrong way down Folsom.
Who needs sleep when you've got Netflix.
I should probably get my life together sometime soon but like idk
The awkward moment when you decorate the wrong corner of your graduation cap
Thank you USA
Alejandro Bedoya is from Englewood?!?!??
I will never get how the meme of Kermit the frog drinking tea is so funny ...\n\nThat's none of my business though
Can't believe Tim Duncan is staying another year
It is ok to disagree. It is ok to speak your mind. This year I've learned to speak up and be myself not caring what anyone thinks of me.
I still got every voice mail you sent me .. I miss you \"d.\" You know who you are..
Why is fair food soooo expensive
If you want to I can save you, I can take you away from here
IT RAINED ALL OF SEATTLE OREGON AND MOST OF NOR CAL I SEEN IT CUNMIN
battling with 10 men. Looking like we'll see penalties now.
Siento que no corren las horas..
I like that money baby money baby
Happy 23rd birthday !!! I hope you have an AMAZING birthday (weekend). I can't wait to kiss you tonight!!!! I love you :) &lt;3
Today someone asked me if my eyes were real. I...um, huh?
So the last two World Cup round of 16 games are tomorrow, I guess I might watch them if I'm not doing anything else.
Up &amp; running! . .. . **MORN'N** HAGD ALL. P&amp;B
There is truly nothing like throwing on an effortless strappy dress and sandals and running out the door because it's Friday and SUMMER!!!
.hello I have a group called Andrew Weathers Ensemble if u want us to be your backing band &amp; open get at me this is good 4 both of us
I'm laying in my boxers while the APU blows cold air on my chiseled body. Well more like blob of jello body.
Mmmmm I wanna go to Ruby Tuesday
My soul longs to travel the world .
Smashing pumpkins &gt;&gt;&gt;
Next time I'll be braver. I'll be my own savior
I wanna draw but I have to help watch crazy kids, but after they leave I have to help make a candy cake. -.-
TheSouth at the bottom on health care;student achievmnt (non-union);wage gains (non-un);man-pig love?
So, IS it possible to use dtc with a kryoflux to read the back side of a 3.3 floppy into a bootable image?
It's hard to breathe and move. I can't stand this pain
I haven't had chicharrones in a long ass time
Mom just said I can drive with my permit who's feeling adventurous??
I wanna laugh right nowww.....
Ya boy is just there helping the enemy put the the pieces together. But That's why.
East Harlem is so ratchet
It is now almost 3am and I am tired of spider hunting
I don't give a fuck who you are ima fuck your world up if I find out who did this
Kegs and Eggs!! Happy 4th of July
Nothing happened to that dudes knee.. Soooo dramatic
I'm the only one who likes driving a naked jeep through a thunderstorm =[
I think I'll shift my focus to C-biz now :D
Turtle Bay is essentially the Frat of all bars
Really love listening to Flatbush Zombies lately
Omg, Dempsey just scored about what 1 a second and a half in?? Wow!!
Becca Murphy probably gets so annoyed at me from all the compliments I give her lol
An old man just said my hair was just like the movie so imagine my excitement
I don't hog blankets so if we cuddle the pros are that we have an equal share but the cons are that you have to cuddle with me.
doesn't look like I'm getting out of bed for the rest of the day.
No lie some of these Ghana players have some saucy haircuts
Being away from my bf for even a day, has no positive affects what so ever
My dude Pogba is starting for France.
No one noticed that Helga said \"You make my girlhood tremble\"?
How are some people are blessed with the ability to look good in any picture they take
I miss you my dude so much
MATTIE CANT CATCH A BREAK MAN !!!
Wait for what you want ... If it's worth it ..
Hey Mike, we definitely intentionally hit Pujols
\"The Texas episode is on!\"\n\nDad: WHAT CHANNEL?! \n\nSpongeBob is important in this house.
I need to take at least one flag picture today. y'all
Spent the night puking and laying on the bathroom floor. I still feel like ass
My mom would put a toddler leash on me if she could I swear
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
Someone snapchat me or something lol.
Not one minute of sleep yet :-)
my sister is straight up hazing me OMG
I wonder what my future looks like.. &amp; who's in it.. Not romantically; but in general. What family members will stay, which friends will -&gt;
I swear if Dempsey just broke his nose
This girl keeps saying Teen Wolf sucks. Can she fucking not?
I'm so sad my parents lost my two favorite kittens :((((
i get up &amp; the first thing i do is tweet dirty lana lyrics please pray for me
\"J-A-D-A Pinkett or Kiss, no matter how I look at him, I still think of a bitch\"
Wow. Go fuck yourself.
\"Become who you were born to be.\"-Elrond
I need a vacation like one by myself none of my brothers with me asap!!!!
Un dia si y el otro ya no..madura.
I'm having trouble taking this lady seriously because she sounds just like my grandmother
It's the 4th of July, not \"let's dress up in red white and blue and take a selfie\" day
Vrg si me da rabia cuando ven un guevo y dicen ''asco, guacala'' como que si nunca fueran a ver uno.
He wants to go somewhere in Secaucus and he doesn't know I drive so does he really expect me to bus over there after work like this...
if you don't like booty, then what do you like?
And don't give me the supporting cast bull shit....he signed up for this
Dont know why she likes faking shit
do you know the real reason she wears long shorts\nor the reason she wears long sleeves in the summer
Dont fuck with love
It's late &amp; your memory seems to be popping in my mind as always
I'm gonna use my anger at the gym instead of on my family. Sounds like it benefits everybody rather than bitching.
Tables Turn Bridges Burn You Live and Learn ..
Leading a private U-S-A chant bahaha
Pharell is a fucking weirdo . Why tf are u wearing those uggs lmao
La autoestima es la que pone la cara cuando el ego hace estragos.
No hay nadie mas para mi y no quiero a nadie mas.
My nigga pharrell swagging with the UGGS
at minimum wage, five seconds of work is one penny.\nact accordingly.
I think Tauheed Epps and I would love to hear a song by Duffle Bag Boy Featuring Tity Boy, and 2Chainz!
Lmao at that rbg that was wearing a la dodgers snapblack, saw my la clippers alternate griffin jersey and said go warriors
Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.
Definitely cried when Neck Deep played A Part of Me
Well that sucks
Tengo hambreeeee ! I want subways pero ya manana
Don't know how I got up today.
I love how horoscopes call cancers \"moonchild\" like why can't gemini's be moonchildren
Off to Chicago again (feel like I spend more weekends there than at home) for tomorrow.
My parents and i are all watching the game but in separate rooms
Good riddance ! Off to the land of pumping my own , aka ANYWHERE ELSE!
Can't front, it still bothers me
Nah that's happened to me more than once. I know the feel. It okay, Romero
My heart got broken oh it hurt so bad
pizza party in the food court
All of there negative reviews for Transformers 4 have restored a little faith in humanity.
G easy's New album These things happen &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Only reason I'm excited for college is so I don't have to deal with everyone here.
Too many hood guys not enough good guys
Congrats on those who are graduating tomorrow, make good choices
WHY DOESNT THE SUPREME COURTS BUFFER ZONE LIMIT FREE SPEECH
My relationship status is only relevant for those I'm close with not for every one on social media.
Y'all can't seriously think it's cute to say y'all took someone's man. You look dumb &amp; the next bitch gon take him right from under you!
Its hard telling people the truth about stuff though. Lol
My dad will not give me my car back wtf
Jason's about to vomit in the redline bathroom
There'd be a party @ Tonight
Holllly shit im so done
zaaaaaaazdro! chociaz w sumie z jednej strony nie chce wakacji, bo pewnie beda nudne
Howard is fuckin eliteeeeee
That's fucken annoying
Clearly flopping has spread to Africa...
He got if from his momma
My world doesn't revolve around you, so stop acting like it does
Lmao man the more I add people on snap chat, the less stories I actually watch. N*ggas get too lazy to watch every single one...tbh
If you don't know how to spell my real name just say nickie
He love it when we get together smoke a little weed put our shit together
Sean said he's gonna be a soccer player tho. If I have to watch soccer games you can bet there will be vodka in my \"coffee cup\"
Pedicure, mudding and fires. Summer lovin.
Not sure what question was more stupid by this week: What state is Philly in or what year did the GERMANS bomb Pearl Harbor
Why am I being questioned right now?
OHHHHHH FUCK YEAH BOYSSSS!!!!
It's always something wrong with my phone
It's go time!!
The ocean was mad cold this morning, but still invigorating. Yeah, I caught some pounders with some bros
I've never seen the gym so packed before
Con esa muchacha no quiero coro
... because of his play in the regular season and playoffs.
Mi hermanastra es size 11 de zapatos hay algo que no me cuadra ...
This vessel is fantastically sore. Dag!!!
So I sit on the floor as I gather my thoughts, and they're full of broken promises that only piss me off.
2 Bey videos nominated &amp; neither won
I'm a hot mess right now, such happy tears. It's a beautiful thing to watch a person's dreams come true.
I'll never be good enough for anyone
I still don't understand how people in my class actually laugh at my lame ass jokes, like I really have them weak lol
mad cause im cuter than the girl that's with ya
The stuff tweets isn't even mean or funny... It's stupid
Getting dragged to a Boston concert tm.. im 17 not 70 dad, this is your music not mine.
If I were President of the United States, I would give Alaska to Canada and ask for New Brunswick and Nova Scotia.. I would rely on majority
Still coming to the Independance Day Bash next Friday at noon Sleet, Town? ^Bud
- ' [D e m a c ii a d o o] Bolon ' || Tan, Poco Paliitoo ;3
Where the fuck you going with a sun dress and jays?
The worst thing in the world is having big eyebrows.
Why can't people understand when you're typing a year that the apostrophe goes before the number not after '
NYC gets on the board. It is now 11-8 LI.
Coming to a theater near you..
Not all families are \"perfect\" as yours...
She may have a sexy body, but are her sentences grammatically correct? Can she hold an intellectual conversation? Did she graduate?
Turns out that \"not one, not two, not ...\" slogan accounted for how many Finals Lebron has lost
Welcome to good burger home of the good burger can I take your order
Headache so bad I want to vomit.
Clean Your mind So you can realize im the 1
Just signed out of all devices for my netflix account, done with everyone using it and I can't. Buy your own.
Yankees Redsox game tomorrow night, debating whether or not wear a boston hat.
Girls talk about how they want boyfriends but talk to 10 guys... don't get it lmao
still wiped out tho so back to bed
Zac Efron is on Taxi TV right now, so I can finally say that I had Zac Efron in the back of a cab.
i would rather end it all tonight, and if i mean anything to you... im sorry but ive made up my mind.
Nick cannon like look someone drunk uncle
I feel like this weekend was a more authentic Epcot. But I guess that's what NYC is!
You're obsessed with a nigga that doesn't know you, you still my nigga though
dude melo has had everything wrong happen to him at this organization at least let him pick some teammates lmaoooo
I JUST WANT A POKE BOWL
My entire In N Out store plays Clash of Clans lmaoo
beethoven never ceases to amaze me
No goal whatsoever
Everyday we should celebrate our independence. Freedom from sin! Freedom from death! Happy 4th of July!
That run just kicked my ass
Just realized this:\nI think listening to EDM outside of a festival or rave is pretty lame, actually.
Why does sydney want a picture with me so bad...?
No se molesten en volver a escribirme hijos de puta porque para favores no estoy...
SHOCK THE WORLD
Hot summer nights, mid July, when you and I were forever wild.
I know a lot of people, I have a lot of friends. \nbut I know who my real friends are, you should find yours.
I laugh when I'm about to cry lol smh
Foregot all about that pic I was suppose to take
Congrats to a fellow massapequa man on getting drafted to the
money trees is the perfect place for shade
30 second goal!!
Out here with no shirt dont know what i was thinking these mosquitos killing me!!
that's why we should have kept Landon Donovan
I find myself editing more photos on my phone than on my iMac
Stupid bitches like her need to stop!!!!
Congratulations to the Class of 2014 . Enjoy this time with your friends and family. Stay safe and be responsible.
Lol I have a regents in 6 in hrs........
I hate deleting my messages
Everything is awesome
Hope everyone had a blessed monday!
My own lane forever one of best albums ever
I crash, I burn, you leave, I hurt, like clockwork
Regarding my tweet like an hour ago, if something is in my way of something, i do whatever i can do to say fuck this and make day shit mine
I Met You Through My Homie Now You Wanna Act Like You Don't Know Me.
Sir Cliff Richard on SiriusXM ::: RT&gt; \"can we hear this somewhere? Would love to have a listen :) \"
Sometimes I fucking hate drunk people
JACOB IM IN ACTUAL TEARS LOOK WHAT YOU DID
Rainy 4th, BBQ canceled.. Walking Dead is the day's saving grace
That 14 hour nap sure hit the spot!
There was an Ambrose chant you f'ers. wtf man
Your literally thee most annoying person on the planet. STFU.
This ole country boys got himself a date so it's about time to clean out the ole chev for the pretty little lady and break out Thomas Rhett
youu got me in the palm of your handd
I haven't seen in over a week and we live 10 minutes away....
Watching Pre-Show right now on the .
excited 2 b w\/ jcarroll 2morrow
Treasures are hidden, but they are eventually found. I pray that YOUR gifts will be UnCovered!\n...
que rico se siente decirle NO a quien cree que lo tiene uno comiendo de su mano'
You do or you don't &amp; you will or you won't .
every piece of cereal has to be dipped in milk before I can eat it
Fourth of July or shit on Klodiana day idk I can't tell
I seriously have no social life .. Real talk
Fun day, but SOOOO tired now
My life is a constant battle of trying to keep my phone charged.
Okay... Immature just call it a night
Being single doesn't mean you're not too good to be with the right one, it means you're just too good to be with the wrong one.
Not looking forward to tomorrow. But so thankful I have my parents with me. Couldn't do this without them.
1 hour into the all nighter oh mannn
Beavo Tapo un goooool de
So excited for Netflix food and guitar all day tomorrow YES THURSDAYS YES
One does not simply not spend an entire iTunes card in one sitting.
No fair no fair right next to me ;n;
seeing family you haven't seen in years is the best feeling
You guys don't even want to see the hotel room and it has been only 5 hrs
La FRance est en meilleure position psychosomatique haha
Joe Zucker room at the AIC looks awesome
Just finished Cleaning my room @ 4:31am boredom ....
That was the nastiest sushi I've ever eaten in my entire life
Today was successful. But I just missing one.
Encore movie channel is playing Independence Day over and over again today. I'm okay with this
2\/2 biking through the ruins of my neighborhood. Cops are out in force in this post apocalyptic landscape
That was a Messi-like goal by Jones. Incredible shot.
Like I'm really actually kinda mad fr lmao
30 fucking seconds
Happy 4th my dear friends! If you need me I'll be belting w
Woke up so refreshed
Okay Arthur.. You can go home now.
Every day I get closer and closer to my goal
Why is Josh the only one the media seems to care about?! don't tell me you end up with him....
Ronaldo fucking up BRUHHHH
why does this type of shit always happen to me
plays almost 1 hour with 10 men. Now we go to PKs to determine it. All players look exhausted.
Niece is graduating high school today!! OMG! When did I get this old?
# np Mila J - Smoke, Drink, Break-Up
anticipating rain can't make the same mistakes again
Really gained respect for music game tonight.
\"Like he wasn't allowed to watch scooby doo, WTF\" -
I will focus completely on hockey until these gutless faggots are out of the NBA.
just wear a shirt that says 'i'm straight' already
Hey , love your show but isn't there any good news to report? Can't we get at least one positive story reported this week?
Struggle is the enemy, but weed is the remedy
What a shot holy shit
It's hard to picture thee Spaghetti Westerns taking place in the South when I know they were filmed in Italy.
Jay-z dead wasn't in the video
Spurs 2014. End of story.
goddamn i was such a fat little shit
If someone wants to talk to you, they will.
Can it be dove, deer or duck season yet?
Sebastian is literally the only black man I know that works at Dunkin Donuts. In Queens. If you live in Queens then you know why.
I ain't looking for love on twitter but a few attractive flirt buddies I can deal with &amp; if something somewhere blossoms I won't be opposed.
Hmmm in time to come you will papa porport !
Everyone needs a shoulder to lean on sometimes
Salvadorens talking a lot of shitt about mexico now lol so stupid
Je suis en amour avec vous.
HELL YEAH JONESY!
Lesson being: if you're going to institute price controls, cut as much disincentives as possible to promote entrepreneurship.
Dyckman is poppin I think it's the first time I've been out here
i miss going up to Albany for the 4th of July.
I love the feeling of taking my shoes off after a long, hot day and cracking open a Nitro Milk Stout.
\"The most attractive quality in a woman is when you know she hasn't been with everybody &amp; won't be with just anybody\"
No es imposible amar de lejos pero siento que muero si no te tengo.
Goal for the US and a
Niggas don't wanna live lavish, rather post about it.
I'm pretty sure that my new jeans are male jeggings, which might be a good thing, because I just ate all the frozen pizza.
John Legend was like let me help her real quick lol
Bring in Donovan......oh wait
why. do. I. have. the. hiccups.
Can it be my turn to be happy
Heidi Klum and Drew Barrymore in one night
I got some juicy fucking news about some celebs just now &amp; could do with making a quick buck. Calling lol
Ion think its cute for females to put up the middle finger in every picture
Ciencias de la tierra es una ladilla t.t
Getting my beauty rest in preparation for tomorrow's USA vs. Germany game.... Jk I don't know the first thing about soccer.
Get the fuck off stage motherfucker
amanda is drunk at a family party and she judged me for going to the beach before the chem regents
Why is there porn on my insta home :\/
Sitting on the Kirby
For once could I have someone who's afraid to lose me
\"Without even knowing it, sometimes life has a way of finding exactly what you need.\"
why doesn't my subscription feed say introducing FaZe yet
I have about 5 more blog posts I'm currently writing, sitting in my drafts folder. AND I'M EXCITED.
Sergiy Stakhovsky def. Carlos Berlocq 6-3, 6-3, 6-3 in the 1st round of .
For the record, I taught and everything they know about volleyball.
Driving into Brooklyn on a Monday
It hurts. But imma keep giving advice to her like I don't care.
Haha you can hear the crowd chanting USA
que lindo el partido de portugal y usa
Why are people so scared to be alone? Isn't it scarier to feel like you always need someone? Dependence is fatal.
I think I've accepted the fact that I will not be going to on Sunday because press sucks.
Hell yes shouldn't we all \": 6. Do you believe in only \"dating up?\"\"
Watching Must try a candy bar!!!!
\"Steer clear of those who are willing to part with reason.\"\n - Me
I know my Read receipts are on....I wanted you to know I read it but didn't reply
One minute it's like \"I'm getting a little hungry I'll eat in like an hour\" The next it's like \"I'm just gonna eat my arm before I starve.\"
Dead hate being treated like a child. Oh but when we out shopping and I ask for $20 I'm an adult then and I should have my own money? Smh
Damn I'm missing the World Cup! I was actually gonna watch it today
She's annoying . Daamn take yo pregnant ass to sleep !
sometimes I look at your and I think
Oh my god. Two shows playing off of each other. Great idea. Flash and Arrow.
I think I am the most patriotic person in New York
After not being home since 8 this morning, my bed feels amazing right about now
I can't believe you're missing out on all of this, Victor.
Is really that good? I guess so!
I swear people in new jersey never smile back at me
\": Dwyane Wade is serious tonight, his toe nails are painted black.\" Low key I'd do this before all my home games.
I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at a vine
They did a really good job making all the bad guys look BAD AS HECK this season
jacob is my bae
You don't know how hard it is to handle
My odyssey is over, hot dog consumed. 3.5 innings to go.
I'm glad I can tell most of my managers : FUCKYOU and they are ok with it ...
Zidane taught people well
HEAT BETTA FUCKING PLAY 101% TONIGHT
Why see the world when you got the beach ?
You don't ask for no diamond rings. No delicate string of pearls.
Hay palabras que cambian el rumbo del viento.
As long as I had an iPhone, I neverrrrr had a case!
Sun or no sun I still wanna BBQ lmao
I'm feeling paddle boarding or some tumbling down the river on Wednesday. Friends? Anyone?
wow just realized jav said he'd give me a back rub and never did.. lying ass.
it scares me to check how much financial aid I'll be given this year
My asthma is hitting me in the worst way and I left my inhaler at home omg
Waiting to see a viral video of someone scrim walking
First PK for Costa Ricaaaaa!!
Im the type to have a full blown relationship with my professor in college.judge me idgaf we gonna get married
I find it hard to believe there's no funding out here when these MFers make millions off parking tickets alone b..
LOL BITCH I DONT GIVE A FUCK.
I'm religious and I don't agree that religious disposition should deny someone contraception. It's maddening.
I was a cold hearted girl , I'm getting back to my ways ..
I honestly hope a team like Van or NYI gives Subban a nice poison pill offer sheet and screws the Habs
Know we were going thru some shit name a couple that isnt
Hah! \": Germany, we are sorry about World War I and World War II but let's please tie and both advance.\"
Imagine Patrick Ewing in goal for Portugal. Smh
Everyone ganna hate that dude in Greece lol
The thing is you ain't gunna do shit
I just wish things could workout for me for once.
On Wednesday, at around 11:30 am, I'll forever be done with math classes as an undergrad.
You a hoe if you got hoe friends. Hoes run in packs
I'm feeling extra American rn
Ghana more like Ghunna lose
Plug that up
USA got the dub
I just did my first cartwheel, handstand and round off in 4 months
This AMC theater is playing the Bridges of Madison County soundtrack in the lobby!
me: I bought a new phone case. dad: stop buying things. me: but my old one broke? dad: what broke? you should get a new one.
I like blowing smoke in my blankets so I can smell my weed while I'm going to sleep
The scary parts aren't so scary if you close your eyes
The host, who is amazing, is basically MITT ROMNEY RAY WISE HOT DOG EVANGELIST
Yoooo. Portugal needs to win this
Laos dude tried to talk to me til he found out who my dad was loll
Sandoval - A quien tu decidiste amar
Idk what these niggahs want frm me
Just remembering I've barely eaten today.
This is my jam, this is my lady jam
Taking boys bouldering in Gowanus. What else is good to do while we're there?
wish I could meet a guy who isn't a fucking pussy.
When you're happy you don't need substance.
It's so easy to determine what someone's done based on what they tweet that's some detective skills
As long as you're with me there's no place I'd rather beee
Sooo I'm 99% sure came in the drive through this morning and the little girl in me who used to love wwe got so excited
Me dan asco las personas que viven mas pendientes de la vida del otro que de su vida misma .
I would hate being the bachelorette.
Shout out to my mom who played both mom and dad for me while I was growing up. (You're also the reason I'm so fucked up in the head but ily)
Jermaine Jones or Enola Gay?
I will straight up smack the pussy bullshit out of everyone in my house if they think about not leaving me home alone tomorrow
my mother trying to put me to bed like I'm still 5 years old .. she does not understand that if i sleep now I won't wake up
Manny looks like my cousin!
Me and my niggas tryna get it ya bish
This is insane wtf
My dad got mad at me because I got a henna tattoo....
My sister is cranky and now I have to sit next to her for two hours
I hella wanna go to the city right now
Well ---&gt; thanks for the RT guys. I do have some other dreams...:)
Sitting down in the middle of the kitchen floor while this pizza cooks cause my legs hurt
That moment when you remember shows at Dry Creek and University when he was just starting out.
Tu haciendo corajes x gusto x que esq hablan mierda d ti y de quien sea, pasean por la calle su asquerosa y podrida humanidad. Como nada
I can pass for a white girl
I just wanna be locked up in a room full of books, weights and food and my life would he perfect
So much hate on my feed , honestly ain't even mad , it might be over but it's never fully over ... Year by year , week by week , day by day
People tell me slow my road, I'm screaming out \"fuck that\"
Let me go to sleep i got practice in the morning
Why do I always do this?
Ahh the hot trash and halal smell of a New York City summer.
Philly doing something right by booing bettman
My moms high. I can tell cus when she is she don't bitch at me not one bit!
\"A teen wolf episode wouldn't be a teen wolf episode if I'm not confused as hell\" TRUE.
Some people just tweet too much
I'm not sure you'll ever feel the same.
I just wanna cuddle and watch movies all night long
My family are my family for a reason.
Told my mom to let me skip gymnastics so I can study for the science quarterly
My Russian homie I met here said I h8 soccer lol I'll sleep that nigga jk I don't even watch soccer idgaf lmao
No water en la nevera que MMG son eta gente
I spent $70 on food and alcohol today. Bye
Can someone tell me wat happens if everyone misses the penalty kicks? Is it more penalty kicks or end of game?
1 week until I graduate ha I made it 4 years in high school &amp; got all 4 years I wasn't graduating but I am and it feels great
I need some cold water before I go to sleep
\"I can smell the crayon oozing out of your car\" - everybody
Yoo, I'm going to be Russell for a while.
HE WATCHED IT LOL
I'm going to attempt to eat my tacos now, wish me luck.
We don't dress alike \nWe don't rap alike \nI shine different \nI rhyme different
I'm gonna risk it all like I've never lost gonna give it all I've got.
This is about to get bad
Loving Vandy's USA uniforms, but that being said... !!
I keep opening social networks like something new is gonna happen
I wanna go crazy, go crazy with youuu
Told myself I wouldn't mess with my ex again , pop a Lil X then I drop the explain
Vaya \"El Pibe\" Bautista ha llegado a entrenar con Aguila. Sera q ese paqute sera contratado?
But I'm over it. This is the way it is.
The whole gym just went crazy
I'm such a miserable piece of shit today.
i put the ass in assassin
Andddddd I'm chillin, too many chapters in one day and that volume finale was GOAT
Wow, OMG, Kevin you lil horny bitch.
I thought the Spurs would win in 6 due to their depth. Like a blind porn star, I never saw this coming.
Chic fil a
The way I act with my friends &amp; outside of my house is the same way I act infront of my mom and my family
\": IM AN UGLY NIGGA BUT I DO BEAUTIFUL THINGS\"
I want to go to a view to clear my head
I ate a cookie today and didn't even feel guilty about it.
Our society has really screwed up the image of beauty
Why would Lebron want to go back to Miami if his goal is to win championships?? ??? Hahah
meaning me &amp; all of my loved ones
\"I'd rather be heard than seen\" -
Half baked or chunky monkey ben and Jerry's??
Manhattan School of Music just unfollowed me on twitter OK LOL
You are in my mind, in my dreams, and forever in my heart &lt;3
\"I just want to pump some jams and turn up\" -
Escribir una historia nueva es IMPOSIBLE si no cambiamos a los personajes
Don't worry! I'm finally going to bed
Herc walks away for 2 seconds and Sal sets my house on fire
Pretty weird how red state randos show up in my Twitter feed anytime I start talking about Single-Payer. Hi randos!
I'm so fucking sick of it like fuck off. If it was about you I'd say it to you shit. Not a good time.
Boy life is cynical despite my heart of gold
Would totally drink a whole bottle of wine by myself rn
I wish my voice had the gravitas of Kelsey Grammer.
\" argentina explota en cuartos \" Es el nuevo titular?
Well it did get old listing to your pity party
y cant everyone just like eachother and be happy
776 whenever you get with a girl you're whipped
AMWRICA I BELIVEEEEE I BELIEVE
Ponerme a escuchar musica a esta hora no tiene precio :\")
tbh i rly hate myself ugh
I missed the first goal ...
can't believe the world is only 238 years old
And your ass still twatch me
Y'all know what's coming soon.... The gospel performances . I can go put my chicken on the grill
If I'm ever a millionaire I'm bringing my homies with me!
FUCK YEAAAAHH USA!!!
Only the realest could feel it just shut up and listen
PLEAMSNDJWNBWNENWKJW FOLLOW ME SHAWN AND EVERYONE ELSE BUY THIS !!!!!!!
I mean it's not bad
Can't wait for Chris to kill these muthafuckers during his performance
Now let me call this bitch &amp; see what she's doing
can i just steal the car. like this is annoying
They said it was gonna rain today but it never happened, now it's raining tomorrow. Like weatherman can you make up your mind?
Sometimes it's good to look back at where you were a year ago &amp; where you are now just to see how far you've come
Currently suffering from back seat syndrome
Knicks hopefully can unload Tyson chandler , Felton , shump and ever JR smith . Amare and bargnani contracts will be up . Tons of cash 2015
I'm the real, we stopped giving a fuck about their identity politics a long time ago.
Still in awe.
I'm glad today is over. It was pretty shitty. To tomorrow!
GDI I'm so mad at the fact that you're so stubborn.
Not seeing Crystal Reed just killed me a little bit
I don't know how you can't love movies like Jaws, Star Wars, Jurassic Park and etc.
This is the place I feel loved
Ice cream cake is my true love I swear
Don't like style of play now, bombing from distance long balls
Happy 4th of July , have a blessed day
Don't know why I let the things you do get me so mad
How does a thot like you get so many likes?
Why tf is everyone getting all sentimental with the emoji dms?
I wish my witty tweets were about things that were consequential to the world, instead of about the bachelor.
Not feeling graduation anymore
pull up to pick up nicole from soccer &amp; its a german soccer player telling me where to go. once again if u wanna be a citizen hmu i'll help
I'm sorry I tortured you, but it's not my fault you forgot the safe word.
Bro be getting a award on the BET awards real soon
Fireworks or gunshots, the Bronx will never know
This is annoying as fuck. LET ME TXT
\"This is the day we talk about music and social change. These are songs that change(d) the world.\" -
tbh im gonna forget about half the people ive talked to this year
cant wait till my house gets re done tbh
Our bullpen needs some mad changes...
I want a girl that will go on bike rides with me
Another German American
Always feel like I ain't doing a damn thing with my life
It's that time of the year and of course
i just need to be about 12x's tanner than i am right now.
That was the saddest chapter of middlesex
Oh alright ginobli lol slamming it down
My mother and I fight like a cat and dog
The one who understands me, misses me, and sticks around till we get older is the one who I will keep in my life for always :)
-Si Soy Tu Plan B Entonces B Y CHINGAS A TU MADRE!! ;) El Respeto Se Gana! Las Mentadas De Madre TAMBIEN! !! ;)
Why is Jesse McCartney wearing that
I want to go to Cancun or Hawaii once I graduate high school
OH MY FUCKING GOSH DOES IT FUCKING MATTER JFC
Yeah man. That's what yo stupid self deserve
Got my car :-D
Girls be like: \"Hello I love kittens and iced tea *selfie*\"
Funny thing I bet half of u guys didn't even watch a single world cup qualifying game!
The dude abides man, the dude abides.
if you aren't in a tournament 4th of july weekend, do you even play sports??
being grounded for the past week is really getting to me can u tell
did it just rain for 5 seconds and stop..
Honestly you make yourself look bad. It's like you want everyone to know what you guys are doing.
Jay Z and Beyonce going to pop up on the screen they not actually hitting the stage.
That's so fucked up, fuck you
treat twitter like ur personal PR to the authorities. you dont have to be any more honest or nice with them than they are with you
I quite your full of bs
GOAL GOAL GOAL
Vamos go go go !!!!! Gana 1 a 0 sobre ...Ajua!
What times the hot dog eating contest ?
The good news is.. You can still play soccer with a broken nose
I won't try to argue or hold it against you
What'd you get at shake shack ? :)))
What do you call a fish made up of two sodium atoms?
Don't worry guys he'll be back in a few minutes
\": \". I CANT WAIT
AJ Williams has been the most productive player for Team Cha Ching so far! Navarro College is getting a good PG!
I cuss a lot and I smoke a lot but when Im around kids you woulda never guessed
Is this Duncan's last game ?
what a week. New York, you were a blast. time to go back to my summertime reality of cleaner eating, lots of yoga, and swimming.
\": I stopped flying because I keep hearing the cloud is not secure.\" &lt; SOX controls also apply
where did the rain come from .. bruh.
I'm always sad when I cross a county line and there isn't a sheriff stopping short behind me and hitting his steering wheel in frustration
Ce me lack. Ce means yes. I always say no.
I never took algebra 1 at ehs lol
.On yet another bus with no working power outlets. Driver not helping. Anything you can do?
idk how some girls just sleep with any guy like it seriously disgusts me have some self respect damn
Wow Stephanie McMahon vs Vicky Guerrero tonight, for Vicky to keep her job if she wins. Can't wait for that!
PLEASE WE NEED THIS WIN! KARNEZIS I BELIEVE IN YOU BABE!
Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
Finally got a new bike in the family
Dog the bounty hunter is basically an urban Steve Irwin
I want to see that movie sex tape
I cannot wait to see my idol in !! Sooo excited!!!!
Lo malo es que demuestro todo mi amor ...
Unless u catch me on a real good day ..I mean I'm always in a good mood but not to strangers, sorry
Damn mad people hating on messi for no reason!
Literally sat 3 minutes at the stop sign waiting for it to turn green.......
Why do all guys have to break my heart.I loved you and you cheated on me..like wtf, I tried to make you happy, I loved you with all my heart
I think these two teams might be conspiring to play the longest nine-inning game in NYPL history.
Don't take my twitter seriously, I'm just a silly little white boy
Navas is the GREATEST goalie
I srsly cannot sleep at all.
TOP FIVE BEST DANCING SINGERS!\n\nMadonna
Congratulations to for their win against a determined Greece team today. Unbelievable effort! On to the quarter finals!
Do you ever think of a good comeback 8 months after you needed it
Hey I'm a virgin how do I sign up for season 2 of the new Virgin Territory show
I see you everyday, thats enough.
I say ars won that, his performance was extremely on point and he had some bars, lmao joe budden wasnt having it
ON GOD THE LITTLE NIGGA DRIVING LAST SUMMER WAS LIKE 8
All tied up!
Watching the great Gatsby makes me think about life
I don't think it's any of your business regardless if I've done something with a certain guy or not.
High af and a burrito mojado sounds hella bomb.
THIS IS THE SHIT I LIVE FOR
NEED to see 22 Jump Street tho ..
Sometimes group chats are pretty annoying
I don't understand why get this far n lose!!!!
Trying hard to get the spirit but can't seem to find it. Just isn't a sport I love, but these guys are talented to say the least!
Got my first pair of high waisted shorts td.. Am I hot now?
James Rodriguez &gt; Neymar.
almost there, so baby don't stop what ya doing
So many characters at the gym today
Dennys with &amp; Ethan &amp; Slutlina
I would sell my underwear on Craigslist if it wasn't from Walgreens, but it is so I can't
Less than 2 weeks till I hit the tat shop again
Ewwwwwwwwwww that was filthy
La vida es muy corta como para darle importancia a las personas que solo hablan mierda de uno.
Don't gass yourself if you really not bout what you say ..
At the NY the information desk is closed in the middle of the day.
Don't tell me u love me if u don't
Do these dumbasses on have MTV? Do they have 1\/700th of a brain? Just confused as to how catfishing still exists.
The kid is back, these girls ain't loyal. Stay humble and entertain, blessings.
about to eat the rest of this Gino's.
Hello, Portland! Now settled in my room and pumped up for tomorrow! :D
Everyone in my family's gonna be driving benzos nothing less when I get older
Sometimes you make bad\/wrong choices. And you gotta deal with the consequences and learn from it. God knows I did
LETS FUCKING GET IT USA
I'm terrible at inviting myself call me over
farewell 5th grade
Sooo many state troopers on the southern state wtf
If you see a tall kid in a Tavares jersey w a short kid with a black shirt and lax shorts don't be afraid to say. I'm a person just like you
\"Lord do you have mercy on my soul? Far as I know I'm a poet or in an apostle\"
i love how the boys support each other
I mean big asses are cool I guess
Ew talk to me nice or don't talk to me at all wtf
This Greek keeper needs to figure it out. Fast.
Tupac Hit Em' Up beat is still perfect.
Fucking Long Island man like all I wanted was an iced coffee
The \"Best of 70s Love Songs\" mix on was a great selection to get through this afternoon at work.
Hopefully I'll figure out how to pronounce his name before I say it on the air.
RT\": Next school semester will be liiiiive.....\"
My customers have started calling me dimples.
I'll trust you until you give me a reason not to
Have a few things to take care of today.
Que asco que me da la gente que le gusta marcar territorio
OPERATION BLACK SNAKE keeps paying dividends.
Even though I hate ya I wanna love ya I want youuuu
I have better things to do than chase girls
I did not carry anyone's child yesterday but my back it killing me.
I wait all week just to see
Dear I love you and so do my abs
\": People who need beer or alcohol to have fun or jump at the sight of it need to check their priorities... Lmao\"
front page of the paper homies
Every summer I get romper crazy
you don't even know how much I love this man b
Its amazing how you can be with someone for so long and then in no time you totally mean nothing to them anymore..
GOL USA !
Anyone wanna pick us up and get food, we'll buy yours
there's a major difference.
Yo I'm putting my number on the internet i better get a FaceTime or call or something (5165281067)
Tengo que comprar ya la entrada para el Festival, joder que ganas. Lloro.
there's so many gay people here I love it because they just come up to you and talk about the outfit you're wearing and they're so nice
I may have been better off walking home. The commute and traffic is finally getting to me.
.. Like you can't even trust ya main right hand man now a days .
Gonna watch 4 new great summer TV series; Tyrant, The Last Ship, Taxi Brooklyn, Young and Hungry
Listening to the rain fall outside my window as I fall asleep :)
Trust your gut instinct, it's usually always right
Getting my baby a MCM backpack for school
This weekend is so tits so far
No one cares when I'm sick in this house
Am I the only one who noticing that the score keeps getting messed up lol ?
\": I love not wearing a bra\" i love it when you dont wear one too hehe.
Los extremos en la vida , para nada positivos.
I'm not 100% sold on this Slaves cd..
.por como lo presenta, con Israel y \"Esha\" siendo \"de ese grupo\"... no tiene ni pies ni cabeza... bueno \"cabeza\" realmente nada
Anything to make the pain go away
Just watched \"Cadillac Records\"again and loved it. Strangely enough,I like Beyonce's \"I'd rather go blind\" better than Etta's.
\": of course Ctfu . Who could be better ?\" No one! EVER
what a fine night to spend with my one and only in the city that never sleeps
But for real tho this villain team is awesome
My mom pays me no mind b '
Remember the where it was punk\/cena in Chicago and it was fucking awesome? Yea...I miss that
Snot and blood I gottchu but don't you dare throw up around me
sum 41 seems like a pretty good band to tweet in the morning
Watching frozen for the first time rn
Doing Burpees actually kill me within the first minute of doing them
should have wore something different to the awards!!!
So sad the season is over
She wanna fuck with a money maka
Tony Parker should let the Heat borrow his floater...they're drowning.
11 in the morning and we're at Taco Bell.... no ragrets
Hey et al, we should visit Paper Plane in San Jose sometime soon.
Baby, I got a plan Run away fast as you can
Too hot to be wearing long pants an a button down tomorrow
I love the sepia tone for this season it's very neutral
Can't knock lebron for this loss..nobody else showed up..epic collapse
The frustration on James face.
Like seriously once I'm in a relationship, I'm not holding you back from who your friends with, your an adult so I'll treat you like one
I would sell my soul for perfect eyebrows
Just got offf, i needa smoke
DONT FUCKING TREAD
Don't touch my niggas I suggest you don't
Just got talked into playing clue.....way to stoned for this. Cant remember anything
Share, say and do things with them, not manipulatively but positively, that remind and cause them to like themselves.
Lanapedia is a thing. So there goes my night.
Do hoodrat things with me
If im lebron im on that floor until the game is over, WIN OR LOSE! Thats how u act like a champion &amp; not like a punk bitch!
Work is soooooo slow
As much as I blame kyariachy for rape\/murder rates, I can't help but be skeptical that eliminating it will create peace.
Lol these are like the good ole days
&amp; my parents &amp; little brother Connor.
so out of it rn like about to walk into a pole or something
The classes I missed the most are the ones I passed with the highest grades lmao
I think my family went swimming and they just left me home alone ._.
GOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL OMG IM FUCKING CRYING!!!!!
I hate this time zone shit , babe sleeps at 11 and it's like 8 over here .
It's a bit nippy out
Here lies the problem with modern politics. Forget actually helping the country, do what's best for you. That's both parties.
Is it worth a 5 hour trip?
Goal !!!!! That's what I'm talking about !!
I just got showered w\/ beer.
\": I love breaking rules from the Mormon rulebook\"
Thank you everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday, I really appropriate it. Cannot wait till Friday. Love you all !!!
Kate Argent. Stiles and Malia.
The only thing we have to say to each other now is \"I'm happy for you\"
When I get home , I'm gonna go straight to my bed.
Best match on all year. Not even close.
my eyes feel like they're gonna bleed, dried up &amp; bulging out my skull.
Oi enough of these porn gifs this isn't Brazzers uno
The movie kingpin is seriously too funny
Don't sneak diss, then show\n fake love.
Sometimes I'm seriously appalled at what some people think justice is. That's enough politics for today.
Smells like carne asada, that's my cue to go outside lol
Starbucks in flushing knows me as \"Y\" LOL
Aww last year today I went to my one direction concert
Only the greatests 3-peat.
You had your chance you blew it
You can't help people that don't care enough to help themselves.
They say we be doin too much
JJ is very uncomfortable getting excited for other peoples' successes.
This is the life we live....Bob Marley Says Have No Fear.... Everything will be alright....Let's Live the Life We Live....
Dam the Yankees suck this year
I don't even mind hoes just be faithful
my mom be wallin 2 like y
My niece just conned me into giving her a ride in the morning!!!
Mixtape sounding like a album
someone texted me &amp; I have no idea who it is cause their number wasn't saved
Hella jamming out to Boyz II Men rn
Just getting one tattoo this summer.
I'll wait. I guess imma be immature too
Someone is hurt?
HAVE MY 3 COLLEGUES IN EGYPT BEING BAIL yet? ... cause HEY that is such a long time to wait .... I HAVE NOT FORGOT MY HONEY$
\"De los pibes siempre se acuerda\" JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJ chauuuuuuu
nights where you should get to bed, but instead you stay motionless and let your thoughts consume you
There's no need to use weird fonts
NOOOO. But amazing goal
On a scale of 1 to 10 - I give America a 1776
Anyone looking for roomates ? 562\/714 area preferably
About To Get As Much Sleep As I Can Because I'm Headed To Vegas &amp; LA For My Vacation Starting Friday!!!! Whooo!!
If he doesn't get on my last god damn nerve, he isn't for me
All my reminders is to call ppl back lol
just found some $15 pints of artisanal ice cream that are \"savannah buttermint\" and \"whiskey and pecan\" flavored
I don't listen to that rap hooligan crap when working out, straight orchestral music son
wow they finally killed off Tara damn.
Unfollowing all people I don't give a shit about on Instagram ciz I'm in that type of mood
6 more days until i bounce !! Gotta pack my shit on Saturday
Vos sos solo y exclusivamente un espejismo.
you'll realize one day when someone is doing what you should have been
That's gotta be one of the fastest goals ever
My take? Israel fell for the bait. With instability of ME, they wanted them to escalate
\"Abbie, take this picture\" OH OKAY I DIDNT WANT TO BE IN YOUR GROUP PICTURE ANYWAYS.
my grandma better be ready to function
I need to get to the gym
Como la haces de pedo me cae ....
Why do people do the peace sign over their eyes..? I seriously don't get it.
All these babies having babies man BABIES. HAVING. BABIES.
Simple as what everybody knows put together accurately to living life 2 the fullest by Martha Triana in ALL IS WELL Uplifting Poetry B&amp;N AMZ
U would probably kill another man 4 the boy. U would probably lie bout it on the stand 4 ur boy. Put the Bible to the right hand 4 the boy.
why are these ugly bitches hitting me up
I fuck with too many kids
I leave to New York to relax and I'm stressing over everything
do it for the sub!\ni aint gon do it\ndo it for the sub!\ni aint gon do it
Your go to thai place being closed can really fubar up the whole evening.
i want to come to NY &amp; make my life complete
I started crying when bae died I can't .. I hoped Lydia felt like a bitch.
The only reason life is worth living is waiting for the new billboard charts every Thursday.
Meek said he made a million on that corner and I believe him
Coke on a black skin made it striped like a zebra
One of the dogs got sick. I have at least one pile of every body fluid you can imagine to clean. Great.
People need to stop being so eager for others attention and get their shit together
Chris Rock killing the jokes lmaooo
I'm chopping my hair off today. Yes I'll complain how much I'll miss my long hair but I don't give two shits anymore.
I'm risking my followers for you so in return you should hit ya girl up w\/ that phone call
Everyone stfu about Ronaldo, he's hurt and still getting through everyone...
I've been looking for a lover, thought I'd find them in a bottle, god make me another one
On the news \"Could USA soccer fans be bringing home a dangerous contagious virus from Brazil \". Come on nowww
The fact that all my childhood friends live all around me and I barley see them it's sad !
Nick cannon look like that nigga that be like \"so you ain't gonna give me a hug?\"
Come on get higher kissing my lips
Conciled was scared to play Faded and realize in a wager
Free the guys man, free all my homies man
Yoga pants &lt; leggings
Nothing pisses me off more then losing something in my own house
Frozen yogurt, champagne and the best show in the world, Big Brother!!!
Im gonna be soo salty if I dont go to the beach at least once this summer
Making new friends that I get to spend the summer weekends with&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Gotta love a nigga from N.O
Wish I could be just a little less dramatic, like a Kennedy when Camelot went down in flames.
I feel like R.Kelly should totally understand where Drea is coming from...
Damn what a goal
Peep the last RTs for a TBT
I am neither drunk, nor am I a fast typist. But, I was visited by such a creature electronically this morning. It was amazing...
Distance with the swerve !
For the past 3months I've been Tryna get the moon and star in my name
Does the World Cup not resemble the WWF at times? - broken leg - no wait I'm fine
Honestly I hope that happens so you're scarred for life
Since it starts at 9, I need to wake up early if I'm trying to look good, just incase we take pictures and go out to eat after
GOOOOOOOL ! !
Ending my night with some twilight saga :)
FYI- I have Asik and Anthony Davis on my NBA2K team.
This art school is amazing
i fuck up everything i hate myself sm sometimes.
If I had a dollar for every bitch that has \"VivaLa\" on their @ name on ig I'd be rich.. Viva this dickk bitch
Wtf these niggaz scored already I didnt even turn the shit on
I just feel, lots of feelings. That I don't know if I want them or not.
My new niece is so cute
The rain is ruining my poolside all day plan.
How do you misinterpret a kiss on the cheek? In many cultures, a kiss on the cheek is a greeting, or a way of being put in the friendzone.
I got all happy that someone texted me and it ended up being my manager ;(
I hate being on twitter when is on
having to hold tears is very hard. but- \"sometimes u gotta cry in order to smile in the end\".
Moving documentary on - The Central Park Five. What happened to those young men was a shameful tragedy. Important to watch.
But I just keep trying to re-load it
Greece is awful they should not be in this game rn
Si, me preocupe mucho :(
No work until July 7th yayayayayay let's hang out.
Jones!!!!!!!!!! I just said it was only a matter of time
Goooooooooooooooool \nI BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN
I'm headed offline for the weekend to meditate. Going to talk to the plants and the world and myself. You'll be with me - always have been.
I want a Pizza im hungry
Chick gossip junkie said:Last night there was Potathon Orgy party in Bronx,ticket was $2K over $1 Million was collected for Hillary campaign
the word daddy in any context makes me want to projectile vomit
- ctfuu my daddy saw my contact name for erin &amp; gon say \" intelligent ppl can get things a crossed by not cursin at all remember dat \"
Dimaria Flacoooooo que monstruo que sooooooos!!!!
This dude was peepin' my moms donk!
Tony Tryna Win Back His MVP From Kawhi Lol
Lol so much for that. A LOLGIANTS inning.
Okay that's messi.
Kinda crazy that doesn't allow you to request to have sprinklers turned on by . Only option when you call is to complain.
That's Stevie j behind it smh so petty
gym-beach-hockey ... this shower is gonna be a long one
\": Cameroon players fighting amongst themselves now.\" Deux co-equipiers se querellent! Grave!
My attitude is the most disgusting thing in the world right now that's how mad I am.
HOLY SHIT!!! That was fast!
It's different , I know it feels different
Successful night, cant wait till school is over
Sometimes I just wanna stay up and think about how many cats I'm gonna have by the time I'm 35
don't leave me hanging on the telephone
our dinner has tiana's spit all in it
Old people say chipotle so annoyingly
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
It's not really a rat it's a rat
DNA....to be continued Little Mix
Esta noche yo no duermo en caaaaaaaaaasha
Y'all don't have to take pics of your t.v screens tho!
So whose going to the beach today?
5 we should def talk more maybe I'll be seeing you at my party if you cut ur. Hair
I got exactly want I've been wanting for so long A.O
I love the episodes of that have in them.
Probably cuz they're used to worse things like starving and poverty.
I wonder what Sunday night dinners with him are like
\": Alright twitter is dead\" twitter will never die
I SWEAR TO GOD I HAVE TO WATCH THE NEW PURGE MOVIE OMFG
Step up &amp; Honey are both on TV right now. I have a sudden urge to join a competitive dance team and dance in sketchy warehouses immediately
come on down to floridaa i got somethin for ya
Snapchat it so I know it's real
I'm in one if the most beautiful cities in the world, and some how I still end up fucking hurt.
If I had a dollar for every time I saw a girl with the name hailey have hails as her Twitter name, I'd have a lot of dollars(-;
WHAT A SAVE TIM
Joey chestnut askin his lady to marry him so he might as well out away 70 dogs like it's no big deal
Working overnight messed up my sleep schedule and I'm not okay with it
Point at one sister &amp; 10 brothers will stand up to save her respect.
Gnarly, Radical, on the block I'm magical see me at your college campus baggie full of adderalls
In the end, we only regret the chances we dont take.
Cousin is going to roll up with 3 STI bodies next weekend
Pero USA is getting the only beat down today :(
Sucking on a popsicle. Talking bout blow jobs.
shoot me now. is it friday yet?!?!
google search: if I bring cute boy chocolate will he be my bf
After putting away all my clothes my room isn't really that hard to clean
quiets the mind and allows the soul to heal :)
My classes start at 7:40, ohhh
10 hour flight next to and .
WOO!!! looks good.
8 ou 80 de cu eh rola rapaa toma no cu kkk
Schweinsteiger is German for Pig-Tiger. \"Gooooo Pig-Tiger!\"
OHHH MY GOD
Never thought I'd be a Kings jersey but if Sim Bhullar makes the team, consider it .
Who needs Messi ... DEMPSEY!
Vamos ! (sambas).
'Stones are just natural bigger dots.' Micheal Follett\nPeter Reynolds held your flint in his hands when I visited . \"It must be magical.\"
I'm fighting this somnolence nd i dont know if it's jetlag-induced or some brain stuff imbalance. Gaad coffee ain't working.
And shepherds we shall be, for Thee, my Lord, for Thee...
If you respond to everything I say with \"oh\" \"OH\", or \"Oh\" I'm probably going to a) get angry b) leave *COUGH FRICKIN COUGH*
My next car better be a manual otherwise I'll kick &amp; scream
\"Our students were provided iPads, to rid them of the burden of heavy textbooks\" oh god forbid they hurt their backs...
My labs always smoke with me but cat always dips smh
I spend about 70$ a week on dunkin
Happy birthday to who? Wait ya Ariana Grande
I just want someone to tell me that I'll be okay someday. It doesn't have to be now but eventually I want to be okay.
It's gotten weird that it's not weird that everyone eats out every night in NYC.
My vocabulary brings the followers to the yard.
all I want is for everything I love to be in the same place.
I would've liked to see Wondo in
Time to get up and around... Bike to work, train myself, sit out by Hudson river and catch some rays, back to work to work...
Seriously thought Diablo was going to explode lol thank god
I honestly didn't even know it existed until just a few months ago.
Such a lovely night for the airport\n\nToo bad my trip isn't till next week, just picking up my sister.
CHRISTIAN THINKS HE WEARS THE PANTS IN OUR RELATIONSHIP LOLOL
my emotional capacity is so nonexistent
\"Does that rude?\" \nThe average sentence structure of Taylor LaVallie
Y'all wanna be down with SLUM MOBB? First you gotta walk to Queens and get me a sugar cookie.
Slept from 2:30pm to 3am. I hate jet lags.
June has been the shittiest month so far this year.
praying for all the seniors next year that i like- \nyour grade is full of fucking idiots
Hee Seo an intermission substitute for Gillian Murphy at because of injury. Hope it is not serious.
I use the term oomf even tho oomf doesn't have a twitter ugh
This episode of LHHATL is boring me..that's a first lol
Ill Treat My Girl Like If She Was The Only Female In The World
I kinda like this new Kris Era oh
LOL DEMPSEYS LIKE WTF
voy 3 capitulos de American Horror History y lo estoy flipando que te cagas
Looking forward to a couple of days in with
Me voy a buscar a alguien que sepa bailar
Thanks for sharing piece on . So funny! Now I don't feel odd marching and doing my make-up.
BET so trash no one even tunes in anymore
sometimes i hate my mom but then i remember she takes me to any concert i want bye
Mi zapalla Hermosa...lo unico que me hace feliz! mi reina!
How ironic rants about scorless ties in soccer but wets himself about no-hitters in baseball.
my sister just triple insta'd and I called her out and now she's pissed at me
I feel bad so I always answer hahahahaha fuck man!!
Looking forward to getting some Kingdom Hearts hours in with tomorrow. It's his first time :)
Hope my nigga stay safe this summer
uggg I'm taking my test tomm, hella nervous.
Yeah I run a 4-3-3 attack so what
if my phone battery would last longer that'd be awesome
car accident in front of my face how fucking scary
This nigga just slid
God uses to help me out at times lol thanks fag :-) (even though he irritates me like a lot) lOl
I wish Carly lived closer like I'm really boutta walk there
RIP MR PADRE.. Lets go friars!!!!
I don't need you I don't need you
\"When enemies are at your door I'll carry you away for more\"
aw dat was a cute widdo duet
Thx to all our guest and coaches (Chicago, Boston,TX, NY, DMV, OH &amp; Utah) for making 5th annual WP roundtable a success.
I'm just mad, let me be mad, I'll get over it.
\": PEOPLE WHO SMILE AT YOU WHEN YOU MAKE EYE CONTACT WITH THEM ARE MY FAVORITE KIND OF PEOPLE\"
why do protein shakes make me feel like I'm being stabbed
Monthly testing of the generator.
WOW BIGGEST ASS HOLE AWARD GOES TO US lol
Kingda Ka was some REAL shit.
Someone might ask Cole what kind of dad he has. Cole responds with \"I have a pilot dad.\"
There's no way you can be who you say you are..
I hate not talking up you tbh..
Stephen Vogt! Making the magic happen!
I ALSO LOVE CYCLOPS AND GAMBIT
Uh, angel eyes, long hair\nI see you cryin', what's wrong there\nHe did what? He fucked who?
Y'all pls don't start throwing Sorry Parties
Please please please please please
Little red light on shooting I'm feeling like~*
Why yall so fake ? Li motakh may sagua sen ndey chaque jour barki serigne touba
But unfortunately I come from a Bengali family
Game of Throooooones!!! Its been a long while!
In need of a blunt buddy
Literally no ones here I'm kinda creeped out greaaaaaaatttt!
MY BOY DEMPSEY
You love it shut up RT\": Lena has played the same song like 2949383838 times\"
Head bop to 'smini Mix with and on haha. :-)
You're the best i ever had *,*
I have a question why is this fag texting me about his gf and I have an even better question why am I responding to him
Im too busy sleeping at home lol
Days fly by when you're busy!
Nothing like confirming all my parent'a fears of me driving.
u think thats cool.. wen its not lmao. who raised u
The more I watch Nicki Minaj's speech from last night, the more corny I find her. She's ultimately lame for that shade.
Today just keeps getting worse
Ya know when you're so mad you're about to punch something really hard and then you stop and tweet about it instead. Yea.
advantage worked out pretty well though
lol shocker you aren't touring in America
Sucks. Taking off and US is trailing by one, scored within the first 5 minutes! Team USA score now while
Why do the guys from the past always come back? like i have moved on therefore dont call me or text me or anything like NADA!
The show a million days to die in the west in North Korea to show how stupid Americans are
. Flag-waving \"Patriotic Front\" knows no rules of football. They're cheering even when the shot is a mile off target.
5 seguidores mas por favor!!\n\nsigueme y te sigo
What!?!?! Idek a song! shoulda won!
came to the conclusion that im gonna become an actor just to makeout w dylan obrien
\"Human Nature\/Family of Blood\" are some the best hours of TV I've ever seen. Splendid.
One day I'll be treated like a king
My hair has more roots than Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Ladies: what's your favorite shoe store online?
It's not that I'm really over it, you know.
Does anybody need training\/nutrition advice? Please feel free to contact me! I could use the practice.
Se acomodan molleras. Info al DM.
Give me the damn gift card
Bruh if I find out KAM are going to Great America today I'm hoppin on the light rail and taking my ass there
They are very hard high fives! RT : DT flagrant fouled me once giving me a high five.
If someone brought me chipotle though...
\"Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.....with a game 5 victory!\" -Lebron
Normally I would be pissed that they cut my shift at work but I'm only there for like 2 more shifts and it's Americas birthday so idgaf
You can snapchat me but not answer my text I sent you over an hour ago? Kk
Fuck how am I gonna wake up for this meeting tomorrow
im actually in love with miley fucking cyrus
When a girl doesn't have her eyebrows done it really pisses me off
Currently watching everyone enjoy the pool and I'm like 'lol I have a cool tattoo on my leg can't swim h8 you all but I'm cooler than you'
Never not eating before a workout again. Fucking christ I'm about to yack lol
Today's the only day im patriotic oh well
I can already see my sister growing up.. Soo fast.. God please humble her lol
I witnessed someone have a seizure at EDC, it was hella crazy
My taste in music got even more hood since I moved back to the bay
might as well making an abundance of Katherine's too IM READY
Tupac was the fuckin realest of the real
jacob its my bffs birthday today
If u have a clip\/pic of yourself, friends, (with permission of course) brother, father or any Yiddish kind singing post it! :)
I say this with peace &amp; love, I don't care about my Italian, German, Irish heritage. The US is my only motherland
Hi Carter! Hope you're having a lovely day
still proud to say ive never taken a selfie howwwwweverrrr did just DL soooo we shall see
time to invest in handyman gloves \n\n
Judge Richard Young has done the state of Indiana a great service. Go Hoosiers.
Aye I can get myself a new charger today
How do you sniff coke and read the Bible in the same day it's easy, the President did it the same way
I think I need Jesus in my life
Hahahaha my mom said hanggang pogi points lng dw si Ronaldo
Mr Saldana in the summer school version of Mr sindelar
Not playing any games with these receivers mannnnn
I WANT THE GAME TO BE OVER RIGHT NOW. RIGHT. NOW. NOW.
I could go for some dumplings rn
I hope my child looks exactly like Louis or else I'm suing
Vamos costa Rica se termina ahora en cuartos de final
Do jumped out of her float yo say hiii to me :)
\"Rompe Rompe \" by daddy yankee will never get old
Ya clearly give us reasons not too
I hope Lebron realizes that even if he comes back to Cleveland, it won't bring back his hairline!
To set my alarm for 7am and run before the beach tomorrow...or not?
If I blew up your IG with I'm not sorry.
So I'm starting to think that late walks in Harlem was a bad idea
Everyone leave me alone now
Come on DooDoo!!!!!!!!!
You're only as hot as your ugliest photo
Americans came out swingin
Just day trotted through my Instagram. So much shit has happened in two years. It's so crazy to think about.
I feel like im a hopeless romantic. I can't help fallin' in love !
Let's fucking goo
You are seriously perfect bae &lt;3
go go United State....
Do you think anyone who was on PIMP MY RIDE still has their \"pimped ride\"? That's a show I'd watch. PIMP MY RIDE: WHERE ARE THEY NOW?
He just looked like a gorilla I'm crying
What's in here a hundred dollars? - Jack Vickery Preschool grad on a card from his grandma
My baby's gone &amp; I have to keep going strong.
Im rooting for two teams in the World Cup because of my heritage and my citizenship. Theres no rule that says you cant do that lol
I'm so hungry that I'm not even hungry
Almost died today on recon, good news. I'm alive
I've just been laying in bed watching my sister sleep for 4 hours
sometimes I really don't care how I look anymore lol
Yes! Stop \"fetishizing emblems of the corporate structure that you decry\"!
It's like every bougie bullshit restaurant in SF discovered twitter last night &amp; is responding to my tweets about food
The human helmsman and the hologram doctor are consoling the hologram bartender about losing the human captain
People who block escalators are literally the worst
This going to be an Interesting summer for NBA offseason with all these free agents
my dad: don't eat the chips w\/out the salsa\nme: who are you
Don't Know.What Im Doing Half The Time , Smh
Always come out of the weekend with so many new bruises and battle wounds
Do you wanna build a snowman?
DEMPSEY THAT WAS SO PERFECT
Bitches be crazy!
The back of neck is so SWOLLEN thanks
Panera and sunrise smoothie... Life dosnt get much better
You're so dateable it's not even funny
we know there's germs and bacteria on our fingers, but that's not stopping me from licking the cheese from Cheetos off of them.
Kinda want something serious, kinda don't
Let's fucking go!
Music puts me at peace with my life
In freshman year whenever I fell asleep in class I would tell the teacher it was bc I was jet lagged after flying in from Japan tbt
hey, don't say goodbye, just say goodnight and well pick up where we left off
Let's fucking go1
I just wanna fall asleep on the phone with someone lol I'm lame oh wellll
Landon putting his cleats on
Following an earlier incident at Avenue N, trains has resumed with residual delays.
The 17th pick is so far away
Nigga ask me if I had Molly's and Bundles lol
Niggas try they hardest to say some \"funny shit\" for some Rt's\/Fav's.
Like how you make the darkness seem so bright
I want ice cream
Same old thang, yeah you know that shits boring
Man of steel is such a dope movie and Amy Adams is pretty sexy
Merica headband needed for the day
seriously wish I was home watching the game right now
Your bitch choosin just let'R
Shutter Island is such a fucked up flick
I had the most trippy dream everrrr
Momma said no pussy cats inside my doghouse
\"HE HAS A BEARD SO HE'S A MAN\"
To the guy wearing the \"aye she's mine\" t-shirt while holding his girls hand, you're doing it right.
Wait a minute... Guys post on twitter \"send in the booty pics\", but don't have the balls to ask a girl straight up???
Probably the first show I went to at The Lost where I didn't wake up with \"NO\" all over my face
I have a booboo on my leg
I miss my son =*(
Starting to see where loyalties lie.
Not going to argue with children. Just gonna hold back. And fight in the cage. No point of online pussy shit
I want diamond earrings.. Fuck I want flowers for?
Is it weird that when I spit gum out I make noises like \"BLEEHHH\"?
I cant feeel half my face and i literally almost passed out this is why i fucking hate going to the dentist omg
I find the show \"Breaking Amish\" so ridiculous.
why is there an episode of South Park where Indiana jones gets raped...?
If he wasn't loyal to his old on, don't think he's gunna be loyal to you
No school tomorrow I'm tryna do sonethin
Really ?? You got rid of my favorite character.
I watch today like the new edition performance like that sang.
The sooner we're out of EU and can reset economy, the better.
My mom is coming home today from the hospital! Thanks to everyone who reached out to me last night. It meant a lot.
Am I the only person that get really mad when people just mention something about my crush?
Need this lil vacation to get my mind straight .
*after eating grilled cheese*\n*hey I feel like eating grilled cheese*
Welp now I want sushi and my boyfriend agh
Pharell really shouldn't have won as many awards that he did
Messi!!!!!!!!! That's what I'm talking about!!!
I forgot to post about the event or I was at on 6\/26. Up to 5 breweries this road trip!
thought we were closer than this.
fuck it my exhaust is first priority rn ain't tryna have my car sound like a bitch
Staring at the ceiling in the dark, same old empty feeling in your heart
I have to assume this cooling breaks do not benefit Mexico in any way.
Falco fucks trees
Headed out to LA then Vegas baby!!
My birthday hits the *SHMONEY * dance
I laugh when I see people I fucked with nothing but good game .. Frontin to.niggas like they upstanding church going citizens
ISIS now IS (Islamic State) announces formal Caliphate &amp; appoint Amir ul Momineen. 2000 EU born ISIS jihadis don't require visa to enter USA
My headphones are breaking I can already tell fml
The smile adorning his face is more than beautiful......it is perfect..it is picture perfect..&amp; I put it there.
Somos del mismo signo conrazon que nos llevamos tan mal jaja
You wanna climb a tree go to the park
Watching game 4 and I didn't even notice how the spurs really busted the heat ass.
Wow I just spelled knuckle wrong I'm sorry. Forgive me
Oh wait wrong one
I know this ain't right but I like it
Definitely a flop
Stop giving money to a rogue agency. Starve them out.
I don't wanna get out of bed
I always throw my clothes everywhere when I cant find something
ok I'm TIRED GOODNIGHT ALL YALL
Sit on my face and stay there
Going through PA today and I'm definitely snagging 150 lbs of fireworks
\": Oh my God, this is my song, I've been listening to the radio all night long, sittin' around waitin' for it to come on.
I should have never fucked up when i had you
I look like simba from lion king
Ayy first day of art theatre tmrw, finally something that isnt math
do u ever feel like punching ur bf in the face cuz same..
Love drunk Little Mix
Felt kinda weird not shotgunning with my boy last night
Done with finals. Yay!! No school until Monday!
I dont know any of these other niggas.
A restful API into my Gmail. What could go wrong?
My boobs look big apparently to my best friend
The fridge is done. Now to have dinner.
Not over yet ... Cmon
People on FB annoy me with their bad grammar
Sunburns and bench press aren't a fun combo
I'm going to see Let's Be Cops when it come out! lol
Paying drivers to sit in parking spots and making me pay for that spot is not solving a parking crisis; it's adding to it in my opinion.
This other chick is not nearly as good as my home girl Olivia bensen...
you make it bright when it's gray
Damn 1st minute
Oh. My. Word. Ronaldo is playing like crap
Ghana's jerseys are so dope
my horoscope told me to love myself
I JUST WAVED TO OUTSIDE OF HIS CAR AND HE SMILED AND WAVED BACK
I want to go to bed but it's only 6:30.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GO TO THE GIANTS GAME ON SUNDAY!!!!! &gt;w&lt; and then ANIME EXPO aaaaaa &lt;3
Back massages &amp; playing with my hair are the key to my heart lol.
who wants to watch step brothers with me
UNDER A MINUTE OMFG
Sara was just talking to Nedines cats and told them to calm down because \"she runs this house\"
I just can't with this game anymore
sorry that just because you're miserable doesn't mean I'm going to be. I'm happy with my life &amp; decisions &amp; you can't change that.
That's the kinda shit I don't believe..
I'm drunk and\/or sunburned as fuck
Wake me up just came on im DEADDD...just like the kids who went to his concert
I'm about to post the best Instagram video you've never seen. So much tumblr. All on one roof
Now I'm laughing while you play the fool.
when meeting new people do you go for the hug or the handshake
Some people never cease to amaze me...
like what other girl brings her man a whole tray of ices at work
Ehh i like it so why not xD
if I could chug alcohol the way I can chug water or milk I'd be drunk all the time
Ivonne wake your bitchass up !!
I have no reason to doubt my relationship one bit so if anything like that did happen, I would be completely stunned.
I would stop time to stay with you.
...??? RT : recovery is real
Why do people even bother texting if they're just gonna respond with \"haha\"
I couldn't live in New York. The air is too dirty for me.
Ronaldo playing like ass
I was braggin that i hit 12 threes in row... Then i found out that hit 96 in a row... My confidence neva been so low lol
I say this everyday but I love cody
Excited to see Stephanie McMahon return to the ring lmao
Going to bed! Goodnight everyone luv you all :)
I take advantage of the time that I get to spend with my friends because I know that they will all be leaving soon
The heat not playing with heart.. they been gave up
Well I'm crying my eyes out bc of this book fucking book
Apparently Ariana Grande is a Disney star... and plays a complete idiot... and has a real voice that sounds like a whimpering cat.
was wondering y ur tweets r so annoying then i found out u were like 12 so
New York reminds me of Milan tonight
\"you can never escape from ballet, okay\" was definitely the motto for today
Counting down the days this imbecile goes to college.. More space to trap and run trains with the squad on these hoes ya herd
Tip of the day: Never read the magazines in a doctor's office. Total germ factory.
Three months off of work did a shorty justice porque mira , ta buena lol
It should be 1-1 right now, but soccer is about luck sometimes
Baby don't pray for me, pray for the weak
niggas wit no money act like money isn't everything
WHY ARE THEY ALL SO ATTRACTIVE SHIT
It's bad when u have to get carried off
People Sam is Good you Assholes. Leave him alone
Fucking stay in Vietnam bruh. I'm cool
Y estoy pensando que Es brasil q juega ahora a la 12 pm y es Alemania vs Francia
I'm glad you're such a great best friend.
Take off your leaving dress, let's do what we do best
Literally drama is sooooo pointless. Like why would you be so desperate for attention
Seeing my best friend cry makes me my heart break..
The ONLY bad thing about keuka is being woken up by loud boats
It would be nice if I could fall asleep
Put in Julian Green!
my YouTube and Netflix app won't update so now they're frozen and I'm really upset.
ITS FUCKING 12. These geezers needa go to sleep.
Who wants to go on an adventure with Meghan and I tonight
Can't believe Im already going to turn 17
HAHAHA my grandpa retweeted one of 's tweets lol
a beautiful day to be gorgeous
Really not looking forward to this week
Standing on line to pick up my ticket and see and in \"Tick Tick Boom\" at City Centers! WOOO!!!
I enjoyed spending my day off just relaxing and doing nothing all day so much.
Navas is a goalie god!
I'll make oomf a caramel frap.. Better than Starbucks (:
People retweeting and this sex shit need to go to hollywood blvd and get some booty i swear
JONES FOR THE SCORE!!! ties the game!
My mom said if I died she would cremate me and decorate my box with cheetah print..
Want to follow a cool gif page? Follow
Si te caes te levanto, si te tiran les reviento.
Michael Bradley and Clint Dempsey are the best players on this team. They're both so nice.
Someone just complimented my romper
She keeps the dick around and lets a nice guy go
without you baby is a waste of timeeee
You're so \"drunk\" in your pictures, and yet you're still sober enough to post em on Instagram the same night...
Werk werk werk
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
Cause I've been losing more than just my miind. Gathering whats left of self respect
I would love to have a movie date in Beijing next year :D
I want a real man. But don't need one.
Every time a game ends I get surprised cause I forgot how long it went on for
Yeah work sucks, but it beats school
Good work out and therapy sesh. Only at PF
I love that Biden is there....
it's 2:13 and i don't remember being as happy as i am right now
Funny how guys want a good relationship but stay chasing these girls that only care about money and not about them
I don't want it just tonight I want forever
if it aint the Gucci or the Louie then its Polo or its Rugby
Thankful for everything I have, but nothing was the same for me since July 2012. That's a fact. It still hurts to this day.
\": I have not one personalized contact name. IM BORING.\" Lol no you're a grown ass woman. But it's not too laaaate
FUCK U SPIDER MAN \": Brooklyn bitches breakfast be a pickle from the corner bodega and a oz of Henny to wash it down.\"
It's not gone work out ...
update: just saw the swat team
La for my birthday probably the best birthday ever
Sehun accepted exo11 \nMaybe we should too.\nThey're all happy now.
Don't rush love , if it happens it happens
Wh my legs feel like dolphins
\"These hoes ain't loyal\" is a song with a powerful message.
I would take a nice hot summer day with some rain over a cold snowy day
I'm moving to a place with no sun ever I hate the sun it is pointless never going in the sun ever again
You do not understand my struggle rn I just want to cry
Mendez coming in hot with the mullet
Prince Royce in the morning. Best way to start!
Saw Ed Sheeran play at the Today Show Live, now I'm eating at the Palace hotel where GG is filmed, such an epic day &amp; it's not even 10am
Your best player is doing what he is suppose to be doing, putting up 31+ and this is how you play! In an elimination game! Smh a shame!!!
get sleep for the chem regents or watch netflix?
Lol my list gets smaller and smaller by the days go by
I haven't been on twitter in awhile!!
Walking Dead marathon?? Umm YESSS!!!!
Well, that's this day ruined.
If we all got a few thousand dollars lol
srsly obsessed with this band now wtf
I got mixed emotions... My trust so fucked up
Goal of the cup
Missing church makes me no worse than the sinners that are at church being forced to be there
I text my friends to hang out and they answer \"Do you wanna go to the gym with me?\" \n..No not really
i have to say my favorite thing about new york is that you can do whatever you want and for the most part, everyone's is pretty cool with it
Alysha &amp; I can't take this any longer..
I wish I had someone to lay with
Real Niggas Birthday-January Febuary March April May June July August September October November December If You See Your Month &lt;--
This bitch needs to fly back outside or surrender to my rolled up magazine
Is it me or were you not just talking shit about her two days ago and now you're friends.......
Anal Del Rey
These niggas broke these niggas lazy
Social media has completely destroyed society
Late night beach trip wit my boy hoping to get a few bites
graduation was great, shredded some tears but it was all worth it.
why am I watching Portlandia? this show is not what I was expecting...
Jamal Brown spotting
The conversation when they scan your card for the gym while on preworkout is always so much more awkward
why doesn't Daria care that she's on my screen
and i can show you how to make it in America.
Why are people crying for these awards? It's not the Grammys
Base sa panlasa ko, mas masarap kaya ang Ghiradelli sa Patchi!
Excited for the game tonight !!
.Have you had econ in college?
Penalty kicks are boring compared to the intense extra time.
Kinda wanna kiss you again, kinda wanna slap you again.\n\nDecisions, decisions..
Fun to watch a watch a game without the gnawing pit of nervousness. . Have fun . Play nice.
Thank god I grew up to like vegetables .
I would've been Caroline's friend even through segregation
It's like I'm moving out already!!!
Getting diverted to Denver, then Denver to home tomorrow morning. Except the flight crew for my Denver flight is currently missing.
\": Never stress over something you can't change\"
I've only had a black eye once and I got it from being an alchi
Over that border phase on IG oh my what was I thinking
Openly wept through Bobby Steggert's enormously moving \"What More Can I Say?\" and that alone was worth my coming.
that was hella clean!
the problem with atheist then and atheist now is that back then if you were atheist that was the end of it \nyou didn't bash those who were
everyday is just like a blackhole
JEROME FOLLOW ME ILYSM
Gov. Rick Perry said President Obama turned his back on Israel? Then why did Israel give him their highest medal of honor?
When family parties get moved to tomorrow and I have to work &lt;&lt;
Looking back to past 4 years when I thought I had no life is making me wish I went out a few more times.
Um I knew that already, I'm just saying. RT \": Josh Matthew has been Fire and release that why he replace\"
I get so thirsty in these late night\/early morning hours...
I've never just sat at the Derby park and looked for plans but hey I guess there's a first for everything
They offer you money and power but some day they will leave you there to die
YO BOSH WAS SO CONFIDENT LMFAO
Eh I deleted my wcw because I'm not actually crushing on anyone anymore smh. Lol
I hate fuckin ads on hulu, yea I can afford hulu plus but I'd rather b annoyed with ads than waste $7 damn dollars
James *stares at me*\nMe: what?\nJames: you have nice hair.
Gummy vitamins are dangerous. I want to eat the whole bottle
I hope kenna feels okay :(
Tu te crees el cielo que todos aclaman pero te equivocas!!
If there's one thing in this world that I loathe, it's straight across bangs.
The third friend to go missing today. Please help find Taylor Darby.
Side note guys that have a nice car are like 10x better omg I died seeing that car
wheres the neck yall wheres the neck ?!!??!?
It's not drinking all day if you don't start in the morning
rainy days at work = me learning how to bartend
5 Retweets and ill leak the picture of lookin mighty dark
Holy shit USA yes
Localities pass laws to regulate how a car may be used and the owner buys insurance against its misuse. These ideas must be applied to guns.
Wow what a fuckin hammer
Pero if it was someoe else they wouldve done the favor for them oh ok , I see you.
Omg I had text msgs and I didn't even know..
I think is so cute when noah smiles in his sleep !
Is anyone else's feed crappy?
SFXIX Wednesday Divsion Wk1 Ln1-Foxskee Ladies beat There Will Be Skee 913-870.
\"I thought at 4am you'd be crying over Allison but you're crying over the strokes\"
Finally getting my eyebrows done ugh
Corruption in a Ba Sing Se again
I'm angry but I still love you
The first rule of Twitter fight club is that we don't @ Twitter fight club.
Krysanthemum was such an abnormal twitter name. Couldn't deal.
Ima go to sleep before i do something dumb
The fact made a drunk snap chat video making fun of smoking videos
Its about that time, bbq chicken
When someone has lost something irreplaceable, do you also feel that you have lost something too.
I'm not gonna be able to sleep this is just awesome
I don't know if I should feel accomplished or disappointed that the guy at the gas station knows me
I wish our business could be discuss between us.
Thunder. I bet is balling her eyes out at the moment.
I don't feel anything else right now except 'ugh.'
GOODBYE at no one noticing that whole entire fight
It's not that I doubt your ability, it's that I don't doubt what a harsh place the world can be
Jacob is the best I don't care what anyone says tbh
tv vs print ... navel lint
Boba fett is one of the best starwars characters
WHAT A FUCKING GOAL JERMAINE JONESSSS GET IN!!!!
If u give me an Oreo and it's not double stuffed, you can go F yourself
Keep shit simple. No complications needed.
we're all staring at her phones like to be the next victim
I want to want to watch Dawn of the planet of the apes
I told Justin that I was gonna route for TJ when BU and Holy Cross play eachother
Not gonna jinx this one.
I would've went to the beach but I'm so exhaust and I have millions of things to do
And marquis wants a son \": you dont even like kids\"
Dudo por que me as dado el gran beneficio de la duda...!!!
I don't get people who say E-40 can't rap
Remember I'm just a phone call\/text away. Don't lie to your self. Thats just causing more pain
Bien por los Ticos, grande Pinto
\": I'm been in a bad mood past hour\" roll up
Suddenly Last Sumper
\"Profound new ideas about time, space, and the human place in the cosmos. In a language utterly different than their scientific language.\"
Once them fireworks are done, I run to the patco station to go home because I do not have the time to get shot..
NRA member? Please unfollow me. THX!
\"Lime disease? Thought she had epstein-barr syndrome?\" \" She has this in addition. Its epstein-barr with a twist of lime disease.\"
So glad to have found someone who loves full house as much as I do (Andie)
i wanted a fucking taco today but the taco place was closed why has god forsaken me
The Dark Knight Rises is still one of the best
Note to self, it's never a good idea to accept money that's offered to you, no matter who it is.
On 2nd thought nvm. Embrace your reptilian but that buffet serves horse seriously.
Do yu ever try and look at it from their point of view?
Every time I have the thought of or am about to do something I know is wrong, signs appear around me to change my mind.
REALLY CAN'T WAIT TO PUT THIS SONG OUT
Voy a escribir un nuevo post ;)
Can SOMEONE hang out with me in montauk I'm drunk and my boyfriend passed out....
Cows are originally from Scandinavia.
Aids were made by the government to make money
And both of them did out of the country backpacking trips last summer, I'm really fucking up.
So why was she sitting on ur lap?
Damn,I thought that was a HR any way wooohoooo for triple
I'm going to go on a late night jog tonight
My hair today... Well you can only guess what happened
god help all those satanic kids that wear the cardigan in the gym during the regents
Super impressed with my earbuds! Have worn them for 4 hours straight and they weren't fully charged.
I didn't even know it was storming THANK YOU for the update
You are so lovely
With a lot of potential if sucks and let's down I'm done watching for a long time don't disappoint
When you turn the lights out it's all the same darkness
Confirm your pussy so you up pictures of boobs who drove the LeBrons lol I love her I thought I little what the fuck is this shit
lol... shawties out here depressed &amp; shit.. but they in a perfect relationship... oh iight.
Martin rd @ 2
Dwyane Wade has vanished.
Woohoo! Looks like I will get home today
Ironically, it's what the stands for is what's wrong with Washington. .
Harley Quinn is like the butterfly trampstamp of the cosplay world
Still think that A$AP &amp; Skrillex collab. was one of the best made
If Hilary is the next president we are moving out of the country...
The only thing you should ever put on your graduation cap is that picture of Lil B with old woman hat and his eyes rolled back in his head.
Trivia night at a packed bar was actually cool!!
To Be Honest I Wanna Cuddle Right Now.
Sonic the Drive-Up Hedgehog
Its crazy to think that in one year im gonna be the one getting shit ready for prom
I just want to get super drunk tonight and talk shit
Body Count is on Conan right now. This is weird..
.I've actually never seen the show...
Haha keep talking shit see how many fucks I give
If it's not the cops who ruin parties, it's the people who fight for no reason
It's a wine and smooth jazz kind of night.
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight party tonight.
In Wondo we trust
if you don't know how to say please and thank you at least have table manners
I wish I was doing the NYU pre-college thing man ):
, please send over. Would love to see it!
Writing a graduation speech is a lot harder than I thought
LmO I can imagine RT : Ewww shorty nose LMAO
Loved the twins !!! Also surprised hasn't been in more brawls let us buy you drinks
I wish nothing but the best for you too
Feel like if your mom is still paying for your rent, you shouldn't claim your balling or try so hard to portray that lifestyle.
I need a sugar daddy who isn't running on sweet n low.
loving my new kicks
Who wants to go to the beach tomorrow?
I have a history of taking off my shirt.
throwback to when i made youtube videos
Arthur isn't going to stop me from wearing my suns out guns out bro tank or my american flag board shorts .. fuck off Arthur
It's a good thing the and seasons are over, because I'd be falling behind. ?
I just wanna be the kinda girl you like
Cant wait for my two week vacation... Thank you lord
If you're not watching the USA in the world cup rn cause you think soccer's \"boring\" ... go shove it up your ass.
i'm tweeting that a lot unfollow idc
I need a car so bad And for everyone who said that I need one cause it's annoying, sorry I'm not spoiled and have my mom or dad buy me one.
Yeah i doubt thats true .. if she is pregnant she wouldn't be far enough along yet to know the sex .. her tummy FLAT
Howcome the nails on my left hand are longer than the ones on the right?? I don't get it
What a nosey little bitch don't you have your own phone to go through
My love for Adam Sandler grew 100% after watching Mr.Deeds
\"Dark side if the moon\" by MGK gives me goosebumps..
There was nothing to eat for breakfast, so I looked up some recipes. Turns out I don't have any of the ingredients to make the recipes.
So much to do, so little time, and zero motivation to do it
some of these guys are really lackin the flow cmon boys
College kids play with nerf guns for real right? Movies didn't lie to me.
.B O R N.
2 chainz literally the worst rapper of all time
Happy birthday to the greatest nation in the world
Body, mind &amp; spirit is a huge market. Beyond quantified self. Tracking calories in is coming.
Chris rock really has no chill
My back been hurting for like 5 days... How about stop...
I'm living on such sweet nothing
We were so productive! would be proud.
Warning: if you walk down the stairs of Flatiron Hall in a dress, everyone will see your underwear and then try to do something about it.
Dont really care about anything your telling me right now
The right girl will treat you like a King
The Rockets downplaying Harden's skill by a potential sign and trade with him? Watch the man ball out next year.
Tbh right when I went on twitter I saw so many \" goal \" tweets.
They got a group thottie?!?! OH NO!!!
Gotta lay low niggas ain't really yo bro
everyone here looks like they're 5....
If only we could go back in time there are so many things i wanna change !!!
If ppl really wanted u in their life they would reach out for you
Think some dude is trying to pick up Darren at the gym
This guys passing cars like dale Earnhardt
someone FaceTime me or prank call me. +1(510) 509-5921
I haven't played soccer in a long time felt good playing :) i might try and play on the team this sunday :)
But were drunk
\"French kiss me, bitch I'm African \"
People gone hate you for keeping it a bean remember that.
Wanted to be a different man from my father. I dont know now
My phone is broken, can I have a ride to Italian tomorrow
Off work! Got the rest of 4th off
Took a jog earlier, ended up in Baltic lol
WHY CANT YOU KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT
House too hot can't watch netflix bc computer gives off too much heat
One thing I miss about my blackberry tho, is turning my phone off before bed and the phone would turn on, when the alarm should go off
boo cross out needy
its plain to see when someone just doesnt care anymore
Pack up and leave everything. Don't you see what I can bring. Can't keep this beating heart at bay.
The weather is so dreary out. It's depressing.
These girls from school kept staring at me during tssf and real friends like can I fucking help u
38' Yellow Card has been issued to Diego Zuniga of Brooklyn for a rough tackle
Kenna is famous for favoriting my tweets but not texting back. But I love her anyway
I do alotta thinking in the shower
I love cats and do Pilates every day
Its weird not having World Cup games today
i was listening to Verbal Intercourse at 6 years old, u cant tell me shit about life
Just had a cheddar cheese bialy from . Best thing I've eaten all day.
Indietronica &amp; physicedelic my type of records
YOU SCRATCHED MY CD YOU KNOW. You scratched it. Picked it up in clear daylight and you scratched it.
Know your place, so you don't look dumb
WHITE HOUSE SO TAINTED WITH CORRUPTION.IT SHOULD BE SET ASIDE AS A MEMORIAL,AND A NEW HOME SHOULD BE BUILT FOR NEXT PRES.EXCEPT FOR HILLARY
\": umm why havent you been at my casa\"cause your sister don't know how to contact somebody
Like I am one of those people who lay in bed so long they mold to the bed
Pull up on yo bitch like \"Who's the man?\"
Wow we really are in the group of death!
I loathe and his ill informed political opinions so very much.
Can't wait Intill fifa comes out
i had a dream about 's waffles but i never got to eat them. i kind of need some today.
I feel bad for all the people camping at campground after yesterdays downpour.
Ghana needs to have a chance. God damn.
\": I'm getting the right feels for the wrong person, I know he's all wrong.\"
VS !! Let's go you got this. Sorry but it's time to go home. VS Later. !!
Fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml
Great second day at the internship followed by a great, refreshing 8 mile run!
I hate when I see grown ass women dressed like teenagers.
I feel like I need a new crowd. My crowd doesn't love me. They use me for my mojo. Das all
No sabia que la perdida de tu amigo de 4 patas doliera tanto :(
When you finally found a good one... &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Oomf's was about to drive me, &amp; to get something to eat after getting their license. So they decide to take the
Is it me or are these penalty shots REALLY close?
Im in love with my bestfriend.. what can get any better than that
FUCK AND ALTIDORE WAS GONNA GO OFF
So, coulda wore their black shorts &amp; their white with no clash. sucks ...
Not how I planned spending my 4th of July but oh well...
I need to unfollow a lot of annoying people on here idkk why I even started following yall
I didn't see shit\nDon't ask me shit
Damn I haven't heard J cole in a coo min
There's an ominous sign in front of this church in San Jose that says \"SUNDAYS COMING\" (sic)
Love the shift!! Nice play Howie!!
That didn't take long for &amp; to disappear.... Hold up never mind
Tweeting with this family always makes me feel better.
Arii: DO YOU THINK YOUR GOOOD??? ARE YOU IN NV???? NOOOO!!!!!
How on earth did Jon Isner hit 52 aces AND LOSE? What the hell?
.....malia... don't let the team down
My moms be tryna argue I just be like \"you right\" she be tight like \"I know I'm right\" like DUB I was being
\"P.s. I love you\" about to make me cry foreal
Tony Parker playing for finals MVP rn
\"If you can't tone it .. Atleast tan it\" --shit my sister says
Well that was a fucking waste
No tiene sentido, yo sin ti es como aburrido.
When gives me no time &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
If you're a guest in someone's home then you should be treating everybody with respect
It's summertime, so let the tweets roll. Well, now that I have time to be bored.
I just woke up from a nightmare of me wearing Osiris's to school and I was desperately trying to switch shoes with someone
It's cute how all the villains would wait until the end of the school year before they tried to kill Harry. Dark lords love a good education
Cracked my phone can't see shit now
Working with my mom is a pain in my ass.
the Purge Anarchy looks even dumber then the Purge
We it did get old listening to your pitty party
Im so happy we close at 730 but hella annoyed that we zont get to leave till 830
Do I have to be on PC to delete my account or?
Nobody is at McDicks rn, surprisingly.
i couldn't possibly imagine anything making tonight better and then i walked in and was playing biggie.
\"Hi would you like a flavor ice?\" \"Hmm\" \"it's free\" \"YUP\"
\"Be still princess. I will keep you safe.\"
Pack your bags spurs your done
I can't deal with little kids who don't listen.
Yeah, put the white dude in
This is the second car I have and it reminds me sooo much of my first one
I am not here for the fame I just want to stack green. I want to be able to say one day n***a we made it!!
Ronaldo is trash
Let me take a shower I stink
Thank you, life, for the coolest birthday present ever: in the city just after my birthday!!!!
Thank u for a shout out CM And thank u 4 all of your hard work in and District 2
Dad said if the Spurs win tn that'll be the topper to his fathers day &amp; he wants a champion jacket w all the years they won
(In British accent) JONES WITH THE EQILIZAR
Guess imma just go to the boardwalk Sunday
I'm not dumb but I'm also not a door mat
Ehhh I'll do it in a bit
Pero que clase rumba pa pa pa la que yo coji anoche que que que
RAY ALLEN I HOPE YOU RETIRE AFTER THIS YOU PUNK ASS LITTLE BITCH
I'm very angry very very angry
daniel: \"listen to my eyeballs, where are my corn?\"
I got edges. My hairline is just not wassup
Correr el riesgo - Piso 21.
I always get a little depressed when I miss out on concerts
GUYS ITS MY SENIOR PROM TODAY !
omg this is the end is suuuch a funny movie
Why does everyone always watch what I say or use my name, you niggas weird
Not sure what was better, the goal itself or the goalie literally just standing still watching the ball go in.
I'm going to Florida tmr in the morning and I still didn't pack my bags
If these rumours about Ronaldo being out of the World Cup because of his knee injury, I am going to die :'((((((((((
33 mothaaaaa f'n seconds baby let's go
Let's be proactive. Instead of villainizing people for what they say, let's educate them with why it's hurtful.
If you wanna watch a show then have no idea what the fuck is going on.. Just watch Wilfred
I think I can hear people having sex? Maybe? I sure hope not...
this couple down the block are fighting &amp; this guy seriously just choked the shit out of his girl.. omg
Migos going to perform at the Hip Hop Awards...remember this tweet
The US players keep getting injured!
The very short lived \"Stephanie has a crush on a guy at work\" is now officially over. Thanks for watching.
Creer en el amor no es tonto , tonto es dejar de creer en el porque no tienes quien te ame !
No reason for me to be leaving for this tourney right now
I could get a 50% or 100% on Spanish tomorrow and still finish with a b why the hell am I studying
OBVIOUSLY IT WAS GONNA GET DESTROYED
Joshua tree bound Dixon !
So proud I know how to shop smart. $250 jeans for $70?
Like, ive just been lonely as fuck lately haha i dont need anyone fuck that shit but it would certainly be a nice asset to my life
YAAAY I've completely torn my groin!!!
Dannon, the evil yogurt that kidnaps Zelda.
Wtf my mom likes Sara more than she likes me....
lol don't snapchat me first then not reply.
the amount of frogs I ran over is so sad
YAY!! Goal Messi!!!
More insecurities you rid.. The more ya options broaden
Me dio la gana de hablar en espanol pues quien esta lista para el disco que va a salir el 22 de Julio en los estados unidos.
Since the was a big deal anniversary deserves the same love
Costa Rica better win these pks!!
MAYBE YOULL HAVE SEX WITH HIM SO HE DOESNT LEAVE YOU THIS TIME YOU DUMB THOT
It's the perfect temperature to go swimming right now
I will be honored to be a girl side hoe any day
Really would like to find out what my full nationality is
I've been so tired all day now I can't sleep. Its cause I'm home alone :(
She said you bouta miss church while she ridin me
Panic! At the Disco will forever and always be number 1
Who's going to Cherokee tonight ?
Welp...mets gave it a good go :) can't win em all
e-pro by beck has been stuck in my noggin all day NAH NAH NAHNAHNANAOOOOH
But all I really wanna do is see you &amp; that's pretty much it
I like dancing to slow songs
Abbott's for the rest of my life
Why keep trying if it gets me no where ?
\": Who's the best rapper in slaughterhouse? (There are 4 right answers)\" Lmaooo yea right
Late night toke breaks in the pouring rain &gt;
guys, if you need a bitch, i feel sorry for you
This situation \/w Era and TI4 is being poorly handled on all fronts. As someone living with severe anxiety disorder my heart goes out to him
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANU!!!!!!!! STOP!!! THIS AINT WHAT THEY WANT!!!!
Babies light up my world, they are so darn cute. And before ya'll try and call me a creep\/pedophile, know that my heart is pure
Forever hate country road 22 because I got a ticket there.
I just want my life back
Namoi should be champion already she over powered Paige the whole math
picking out which triangl bikini I want is so difficult
his energy is the greatest thing about him
At my aunts house speaking hella Spanish talking shit, cooking, and cleaning...this is true womanhood and I love it
Didn't even mention in a tweet and he favorited it.. Would it be wrong to perform a shidach on myself?
who texting me for the night ?
Dad &amp; brother are out of town so what do I do? No, not break out the alcohol\/throw a party. I make pancakes for dinner (please don't tell)
I don't think I'm emotionally ready for this
Siempre Alegre ....
So the only stack I found today was a stack of problems
My butt got bigger I know that's right lol
I wanna go somewhere where I have to dress up
The most difficult question \"What are we?\"
I may not know soccer well.. But US be more aggressive
ayyee I'm in disco bay no power outage for me
lol getting people mad is my fav
I have never been so sexually frustrated in my entire life. I am going to snap and start breaking things. I might even cry.
I'm literally wearing basketball shirt bc idc
Si eres valiente para decir \"adios\" la vida te recompensara' con un nuevo \"hola\".
I like tweeting when eveyrone else is asleep. It feels kind of private, secluded even. :\/
Walked 12 miles three years ago: I've grown up a lot.
I luh you brother... always will dude.. I'm gonna miss you.
Yall could stay talking but I get the goodnight text and call. And the I miss you's. Yall just get him when I don't want to speak to him.
A little help would've been nice.
I don't think I've ever tweeted this much in a sitting.
The New York Knickerbockers are the best basketball organization of all-time.
Happy birthday to the most gorgeous human alive
Is side hoein your past time ??
If I had a dollar for every time I thought about you I would start thinking about you
Those Neymar goals were OK. But let's be real, the brazilians are deep as hell.
2 girls 1 coffee shop. Come visit us for some good coffee and great convos.
Just chased after the ice cream truck with
Lmao Ginobli yamming on em
I hope this is some sick joke
One thing that made me mad about EDC was armins set. He was fucking killing it! it was great but his crowd was so weak.. It hurt seeing that
Going on 9pm with full daylight makes me incredibly happy.
I fall like a sparrow and fly like a dove
I think these bitches trynna set me up
A gay married couple just favorited my okcupid profile....
I'm so mad I'm missing almost all my t.v shows this week huh
it's not a bonfire til I trip over one of the benches and wake up the next morning with a huge bruise on my leg
my moms reading the weirdest shit rn
It is never too late to make things right.
Once you get a girl you don't just stop trying and doing the little things... If all these other accounts hasn't made it clear enough..
And that usually makes me feel better
Revisiting LEVIATHAN tonight. Time to go swimming, Robocop!
I'm doing it on thursday , I have to.
Yahoo Screen is picking up Community. Too bad I honestly don't know what that is.
The people who have the biggest impact on your life stay for the shortest time.
I'm just looking out for my future
Little sister watching Teen Wolf with me
Fuck my life but what's new
Spent the last hour reading up on convolutional neural network design. Now having a sorely needed taste
If you want to check out some VERY soft core porn, take a look at 's mystory
Super cool to see the cloud powering today!
K well I'm crying my eyes out bc u don't give a shit. I'm sick of wasting my breath. I just won't talk to anyone.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRAOAOA YES BITCH FUCK YES
Customer service and sense of entitlement get confused too easily.
Wish I was at the tonight
Random, but I miss being in Oklahoma.
ur ugly pls hop out my mentions
I should let you know ahead I'm coming back on my worst behavior
Why are people hitting me up asking to come to my party ? im not even having a party lmao
I was out here preparing for the purge. Then the power came back on and I went back to watching Netflix.
Sometimes We Just Needa Put Our Pride Aside.
Shoutout to for getting my back yo
I ain't gon front .. I jumped hard as hell lmao
I was trying to fan myself rn because it's hott and I hit myself in the face.....
made Jonathan Franzen say it's trying too hard
that's a FUCKING TECHNICAL FOUL on lebron. You CANNOT slam the ball down over your head at any time. Above the fucking law.
I don't think I have ever been so confused in my life.
That's like her only hit.
why do people always stand at concerts... can't we all just agree to watch while sitting....
Watching discover what one can buy at is the best Sunday morning entertainment.
que hambre, I prefer to starve.
That was a messi tackle.
This nigga need to stop with the hat
Only problem wit sellin sneakers is niggas really want pictures from every nook &amp; cranny of the damn sneaker
Niggas swear they Bitch loyal until a famous nigga get at em lol
Im bouta bark at this lady,
Nah son! Get up
Looks like I'm flying to Denver tonight then home tomorrow morning.
Lip biter, ass grabber, neck kisser, tit squeezer, and clit pleaser...all in one.
Someone come layup with me and watch movies all night.
Something gotta be wrong with the trains this morning ..I should've paid attention to the news ..
Rachel was about to hu with the bus driver .....
I can't believe this already happened
Deadass, just been put into the worst mood ever, fuck everyone and everything
voice already shot btw
+1 \": I understand the sentiment, but it's A-merica, not merica. Just saying.\"
And I done did everything but trust these niggass.
Yee but I don't think God made my skin hot oil resistant.
I stopped caring the moment you stopped showing it.
I haven't been wearing pants these last couple of days. Best days ever omfg
I will be 21 for st pattys day and cinco de mayo next year wow
Now all I need is a crippled boyfriend.
The nastiest girl(s) I have ever met.
Always worrying about someone who doesn't give a shit about me
Tryna get some camera work done tomorrow. Photoshoot &amp; Videoshoot.
\"do you understand pain a little now?\"
10 hours of work, 4 hours of sleep, 5 wasted hours somewhere in there with someone then 10 more hours working.
\"Oh let me hold my purse tighter there's a black dude walking behind me, eventhough he seems well rounded, I can't trust him. He's black\"
I bought jeggings today... Don't worry they are legit lol
Such a shitty day out watching with the kids to start off. Baby is super excited he loves this show!
If I never listened to joey badass I would have never gone through this change lol
So I want to go on a picnic Friday cause I'm off from work !!!!!! anybody ?
Alemania con 6 jugadores titulares del bayern
\"One voice, can be stronger than a thousand voices.\" - Captain Janeway.
I have to go babysit a bunch of little shits tonight ugh
Toy story will never get old
Michael Ashton Calum and Luke from 5SOS please follow me because I stayed up till midnight to preorder your album when It first came out!
My mom goes to sleep and then Brielle stays down stairs um ok
LOOKS LIKE BIRTHDAY GIRL HAD A LITTLE TOO MUCH BIRTHDAY CAKE
she can tweet \"shit\" but it still slays
Got me in Tears !!!
I ate like shit tonight because I'm drunk. Sick now I feel like asshole. Time to get up early for hot yoga and workout after that too
Why does every1 wanna see the purge the first one was HORRIBLE
only patriotic thing i have w me are white converse w one red and one blue stripe on the bottom
OMG I FORGOT TO TWEET BREAK TIME CHILLING YO TODAY. HOW!? IM SO ASHAMED
lmao imagine walking around with that though nahhh
Filling Jesus. Man, what a gamble. I love it.
Currently watching Life of Pi for like the 15th time
Dyed-in-the-wool Who fans! Thanks, Steve!
Hey Great to meet you Thx for your value-add to + are 2 cool!
\": Nigggas love Busch beer\" if it ain't Busch it ain't beer
This past weekend threw me off. I've been tired all day today
so hold me close boy, cause I'm your tiny dancer
I was just about to tweet that messi is gassed but nvm lmao
When Seth fakes taking food out of his mouth and my dog doesn't know any differently and eats the imaginary food &gt;
Oooh pls tweet about your significant other more
When the broken hearted people living in the world agree. There will be an answer.
No Jozy no
Got to admit. Not a huge fan of the USA jerseys. They go blue\/white\/red. This ain't France, we never waive the white flag
Everything is irritating me right now.
Fuck the heat.
I don't like people touching my butt including a boyfriend... I find it disrespectful.
Call of Duty campaigns are the most simple games in the world. Ghosts was so fucking short lol
picking up then dropping infinite jest repeatedly to hear the sound it makes
Messi's goal though
que se escuchan detonaciones y explosiones por villas tabure. Hay una tanqueta trancando el paso.
And I'm also sooo beyond sick of crying like it just never fucking stops and it really needs to
Why is my boss adding me on snap I'll kill her
Just know that a mind is a terrible thing to waste. So Use it!
I think is coming back to work tomorrow.
But like I literally say outside in the pouring rain on the phone with Turtle.
Such a great weekend with great people - now back to the city it is
Stop and shop is just straight jewland
Fuck my flight got delayed
I'm so fucking disgusted and irritated by these fucking people
Roll your eyes one more time and I will literally slap it off your face. I hate rude people.
The struggle is real this morning
I can't let you go. Want you in my life.
I cannot believe the rangers got rid of Dorset god ducking damn it losing hope in this team
Ronaldo or Torres?
What part of New York is demi in holy fuck I'm gonna pile on myself.
Another year goes by and still, the only red, white, &amp; blue I own is the Union Jack. What is wrong with me?
I was made for the boat life
What a time for 20-year-old Deandre Yedlin to come into this game.
why did mark go to a phillies game today if he doesn't even like baseball?
...and then out of nowhere fake!shannon appears.
Definitely not sober. Definitely gonna try to win this tennis match anyways. I probably will lose, cause I'm definitely drunk.
People with no plans come to my house tonight so theres more than 5 people lol thxxx
\": This American is about to spend 6 hours in Shoprite making various baked good items\" SALUTE
Day trip to San Francisco
So hates me, didn't even get a last minute hike in, like wtf?!
Sleeping with dry shampoo in my hair bc lazy
You ever deal with somebody\nAnd then you begin to realize why they were single in the first place
I just talked to a woman who help Schoolboy Q like a baby.
Woke up feeling sore all over and a fever. Ugh.
Watching The Usual Suspects for the first time \/ducks
Him: you still in lp\nMe: yup same place\nHim: thought you'd be playing on a scholarship\n\nThis will forever be my biggest regret
My phone is lagging odee -____-
This along to get into Sachem North high school is longer than my CVS receipt.
Not even a US lead and a Joe Biden appearance can cheer me up after seeing Jozy writhing in pain.
Now I lay my head to sleep, I pray the lord my soul to keep.
\"Do you love me?\" Uhhh...no... But I think you're hot
I only asked for one thing today and I can't even have that lol
Fort Lee cops are just awful at their job
Getting up at 7 for work everyday is starting to suck
Who want to throw and all nighter with me?
Why would I think your gross if I'm trying to make you my girlfriend?
Kevan Scott always comin' through with them July 4th plans
Work. Work. Work. Vacation. Work. Vacation. Vacation. Work.
Aka I wish I was drunk rn
So excited for the new transformers movie!!!! And yes it's because Mark Wahlberg is in it:)
I can barely keep my eyes open right now
Go after what you want and don't stop no matter what the obstacles.
I miss the 2006 Italian National Team. What a team.
Fallon just sat on her bed...and broke it!
Really bummed I can't go to tonight cause of this lame surgery...
me duele la cabezaa.
A Lannister always pays his debts.
oh god i just puked everywhere along with everyone else in this bar it's disgusting
\"If your legs get tired you can just sit on my face\"
Me gustaria ver a Edgardo Bauza un tecnico que ha ganado titulos en Ecuador y conoce nuestro futbol. Que dirija la seleccion de ECUADOR.
Man in the Mirror by MJ always makes me feel some type of way
before you could exhale blunt in yo mouth
Interesting to see how puritanical Americans are about simulation and diving, which are so important to the game's entertainment value
The guac is innnnnn the taco.
I had a lovely time dealing with that (:
Lol little boys ask for your kik, be out with that shit
Love how and 's relationship is now a lot longer than vast majority of bachelor engagements. What now, Harrison
If you're going to win the fight of your life you can't be afraid to fight
I've said this before but I'll say it again- if you don't think Take Care is Drake's best work then you can kick rocks.
I really do love me friends.
My little munchkin had me smiling today when she said she saw my chin hair growin in
Today for the we have France vs Nigeria and Germany vs Algeria. Clearly rooting for Nigeria and Germany ;)
Lol my dad is wearing the American flag....
Iran still has a chance
I just watched 4 drunk girls help a stranger change her baby in a Mcdonalds sink
Do people actually listen when I speak or na
gay might not be a sin but pride definitely is
Why do people care if others do drugs?! Please mind your own business and let people live their life.
I do indeed like the feeling of being desired.
\"It's not even that hot\" yes it is
Where them loyal heat fans?
Diamonds in my Rollie face cannot be exfoliateddddd
Omg fuck my life i jus wanna smoke an L and cuddle with my baby in bed and take a nap.. fuuuuuck school
only semi productive thing I did today was eat an entire pineapple so
U rite RT\": There's no time for games anymore\"
Absolute domination from Martin Kaymer at the Hats off to him, that was impressive.
Monotonia is such a good single, damn
One of the best games of the World Cup so far. Damn
I gave my best, it wasn't enough\nYou get upset, we argue too much\nWe made a mess of what used to be love.\nSo why do I care, I care at all
C'mon my cheerleaders you know you got them spirit fingers
I think I love connors mom more than he does:)
Messi !!!! Epic
EVERY SINGLE FUCKING LETTER I WROTE MY GIRL.... GONE.
Watching orange is the new black made me feel very uncomfortable at the beginning but then I got used to seeing lesbians making out
I might actually sleep better with the radio on...really reaaalllyyyyyy low.
I am craving chicken nuggets...
Took about 60 minutes for to find the equalizer a lot of energy spent in the \"jungle\" but it's all tied at 70'
So I fell asleep on the subway today and people took pictures
If you were born in the 90s and up and hate LeBron you are an idiot. You are literally missing out on how good he is
I really need to do more than just work all the time
Bored AF ! Snap me mandell23
I love giving money and food to people who ask. If they ask it's because they need help. And I can't say no.
I honestly miss the days when we can hangout with people without having to use our phones. I know i do it all the time but I really hate it
How old was when she appeared on Deadwood?
These heat better not lose me my money
if it wasn't for your Arab upbringing you would be the biggest whore, still classy tho
I'm not even watching the game but I know everything that's happening because y'all won't stop posting about it
Now me and Ryan are watching it live in the car
Come to harveston to kick it
I just woke up from the best deepest nap ever... Till I realized I was in class and I just fell asleep during my teachers lecture
pega o carro vai ser sapeco de segunda a domingo kkkkkkkkkk
Can a white girl \"go natural\"? I'd love to hear people's opinions!
HOW THE FUCK ARE THERE NO CHIPS IN THIS HOUSE
I am sad, but I've been sad since 3 pm on Sunday so yeah. I'm still sad. good night.
You need a clear head to sleep
I wanna see deliver us from evil
going through that border checkpoint and I really jhope no one put drugs in my car
The one person I wanted to favorite or retweet my tweet didn't do it. Sad face.
starting 4th of July hungover at work :)))
That was offside!!!!!!!!!
Parking ticket and a write up at work... Are you fucking kidding me today Monday!?
I dislike Adrienne b. she is annoying. I'm fast forwarding through her
That moment when you wake up from a horrible dream freaking out and realize that it was just a dream..
Love grows, but fades away. But I miss you.
Pistachio nuts &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;nuts
shrek is love shrek is life
Levanten la mano todo lo delicuente
A ship in it's harbor is safe, but that's not why ships are built.
Filmed a homeless ppl fight at work. The cops came over to me and all they did was laugh at the video and tell me to post it online
Si le gana a pasamos a semifinales
But in the end, no one cares.. It's just you and yourself
Black people weren't free on \"Independence Day\". Land of the free and home of the slave.\"
Fakest tan I have ever seen oh my god
Wayne was never the same after the Carter 3
Thank you for your time spent in Philly !!
AT MIDNIGHT DISNEY CHANNEL BECOMES DISNEY REPLAY AND PLAYS ALL THE OLD SHOWS YES OMG
Love the burning sensation my calfs feel when I finish a good run
I'd get high with if I could
I don't even know what to do with myself bc I'm so excited that a new episode of teen wolf is coming on like I'm just pacing what.
Uhh working here is so boring..
I wrote this off a dab, I'm so drunk I need a cab
I can't understand Brooklyn accent ,
this AP chem work is a pain in my ass
Only a few people believe in me. And they'll be there when i make it in life. Im excited to shit on you all.
The world keeps moving forward, if you don't keep pace with me, I'm leaving you behind.
We got some heat lightning for the first time or greenpoint has firework premature ejaculation
GINOBLI WOTH THE SLAM!!!! 36 and doin it still
also, not to sound obsessed, but have you ever noticed that busta rhymes and anthony kiedis have similar arm dance expressions
Told you about givin' em chances on chances on chances.
\": hahahaha this one was bad man \"
If I were a female corporation would I be a person?
My real summer vacay starts on july 24th
Somebody come take me home . pls &amp; thank you
The captain making a statement for the US! I love it
Every boy I've ever been down for is Shinji in that gif
try me, plz, coward
I'm going to marry brittney portillo one day
WHY DO WHITE GIRLS LOVE THUNDER SO MUCH ITS HONESTLY TERRIFYING
credits to for me twitter pack.
I'm always thinkin til I can't sleep
I'm way too flexible and I Hate it. Just kiddin I deadass don't
I'm really lucky to be surrounded by so many great people in my life
How your mom brings a different nigga to her house everyday on front of her kids. \n
Congrats to my baby 8\/9 AllStars! 19-12 over Aliso Viejo! Offensive explosion!
Let's get one more!
Do I take selfies tommorow while my friends are taking pictures with dates??
How will i know if you really love me
All the muslim have 13 minutes till they can eat
Niggas be cute on twitter ..showing off
I swear it's the nights I have work early the next day when I can't sleep
Nani you bitch
I make fun of Angie for being a fan girl but I'm secretly one as well.
It's 11 am and I'm sweating in a subway station because the wants me to have high blood pressure.
Goal!!!!!!!!! (Just kidding. Not watching. Don't care.)
Keyshia don't go lesbian on us!!!!!
I'll say my vows now I'll say them on ur wedding day and I'll say them till I'm in the grave
I don't think, I know i want to spend the rest of my life with her...
Ezra needs to stop being such a sketchy motherfucker
Od lit w my bros rn
I can't sit home tonight. Gotta get up and do something
Tu me dices que tuviste una situacion , yo tengo tu solucionnnnnn
Edc week is my favorite time of the year
You false advertising and the only person you foolin is ya self
I fucking love running I'm so glad I did 10 today
WHY THE FUCK DOESNT EVERY \"Cookie dough\" PRODUCT ACTUALLY TAST LIKE FUCKING COOKIE DOUGH
\": I'm in love with u\"
It wasn't me
Sometimes you have to wait for the right woman
It concerns me that the girl making my bagel at dunkin is wearing a surgical mask
I can see myself have a great relationship with I'm so comfortable with you and we get along great
wow im so not in the mood.
Someone hive me something to do
If I had a dollar for everytime I watched Martin blunted past midnight... I'd watch Martin even more blunted with that money.
way to go Dempsey!
I need like 6 months vacation...
man tank monday
Oh how I wish I had some zzzquil
Those long dresses that girls wear in the summer are the best thing ever
Niggas taking my WCW n shit
But first I gotta watch that Colombia vs. Brasil game lol
Aka I'm blind rn and surprised i can even tweet
I'm a down ass friend that always got your back. If you push me to that level it's me it's you. I'm a solid ass person. But I'm tested
My demon is my body.
John legend can change my whole mood
I try not to hold grudges but I realized that's hard for me to do..
told this girl she needs 2 get new falsies bc her's are all clumpy n she told me 2 shut my mouth smh jus tryna help u girl no need 2 shout
The low standard that men hold themselves to is disgusting. Pigs.
8008135 You are rad and I think it's really cool when you answer my texts.We've had the most fun together and ur a homie.come to p springs;)
HELLO!!!!! HELPP !!!!
say it to my face subtweeting ass NIGGA lol
Oh look the Yankees have loaded based with no outs. Over\/under 1 run?
It's like the more products I'm using for my face to try to keep it clean, the more I'm breaking out. How frustrating.
So just a heads up, after this month due to expenses I am down grading to a dumb phone temporarily
1 more follower till I hit 500!!! Let's goooooooo!!!
I could really go for a bicep to squeeze rn...
really want bubbs nd omar back together ....
I feel like if a dude willing to spend that time with you and potentially spend that mula on you it's technically a valid date
David just talks to himself when he's driving with and I
THIS IS THE WEIRDEST WEEK OF MY LIFE WHICH IS WEIRD CAUSE EVERY DAY OF EVERY WEEK OF EVERY MONTH OF EVERY YEAR IS WEIRD
Im gonna do the same thing i do every summer this summer , sleep
Lol are you kidding me? do you research baby girl, If I was coming for you, you would know.
If tomorrow rains I don't know what I'm going to do with myself.
How I wake up and my phone is dead
How else is excited for teen wold at 10!!!
not being able to sit on my ass without being in pain is so annoying. didn't realize how much I love sitting down until I can't
I'm the kind of person that loves something and then has to re experience it with everybody they love. U know what I mean?
If you drive a black Chevy you're winning
Tejada is as slow as my shits today...
Just promise me when I'm gone you won't forget
You just need to stop being wrong then we won't have a problem
Lawd these Dominican women are so sexy.
\": Yaaaaa Bey!! \"I WAS HOPING FOR HER
Even if they dont see it or think it. My family means a lot to me, every single person.
You got everything you ever wanted and it still don't feel right.
Trying to allow your eyebrows to grow in is one of life biggest struggles.
Does Zendaya have a last name
Don Jon was a better movie than expected
Its half way to christmas wow time goes by so fast!
Y ala sombra q daba el naranjo donde nos sentabamos a platicar mi amor, x no verte se fue marchitando y se fue \nsecando igual q mi corazon
I wish I watched basketball when Iverson played
I'd like to thank the coca cola vendor who didn't show up to work today...I've had a blast working through all your skids this holiday
Lizzie is too much to handle hahah
YA GIRL PASSED THE AP STATS EXAM
i guess some of y'all like walking around looking a hot mess it's ok i'll let u be :-)
My favorite follow. MT : I only do 1 social media. 140 mph fastballs only. Bring The Noise
S\/O to for still being the best player in the league keep your head up champ.
I have the worse circulation through my body... I can't have my arms or legs bent for more than 2 minutes or they go numb....
i wish i was better at expressing my feelings
Bosh just got bashed on!!!!!!!
I thought someone was playing the laughing-baby.mp3 but it was an actual human.
lol \"fo sho\"
ooh they're starting early in the park today
Defending The Faith :\" against atheism, remember we are tearing down arguments not people Psalm : 14 &amp; 53. Atheism is foolishness because :
My Instagram TL looking like LeBron died or something
The World Cup gets us so lazy! I got to get some work done dude!
Because I was unsure at the time now it's too late and feelings were \"lost\" lol try again
Fuck what y'all saying, I'm still mad about jcole not winning shit... I wanna fight.
Disappointed that did not have much more references to puppies
\"Integrity must have opportunity costs.\" Well said .
someone needs a new face lol
Mom-you look at my booty ? \nMe- lol umm no \nMom- why I look at yours \nLmao I can't with my family
I have to much time , so I waste it ,\nDoing risky shit
On a mission to buy summery clothes for some upcoming work travel to summery places. I need a personal shopper\/stylist.
Do we need to sign\/trade for bats to contend or blow it up for a rebuild? is as inconsistent as the offense lol
does anyone on twitter want to bring me to a diner RIGHT NOW
What have I become? Can't celebrate American Holidays neither Ghanaian ones
The last time I went to sleep before 1am was about a week ago.
I simply cannot hang.
Parker like pop we got this let me fix that shooting percentage
Good thing my ass don't gotta work tomorrow
Kyree stay gasing me up ..
My best friend is always there for me. Without her...
Vegas was fun, but only cus Tim was there. If he wasn't there, I would've died. Lol I just miss having the hotel room to ourselves.
Standing O for you, serving our country and singing like that? Wow you're amazing
Seeing people type about team when they never watch soccer is comical
And now it's the one hour waiting period
With the 3 or so hours of sleep I got last night - should I push for this OT or na ?
Up not tryna sleep any time soon
maybe lunchboxes will be our always.
The hills are alive with the sound of illegal fireworks - happy fourth everyone!
Ethan and I have been niggas since kindergarten damn
\": I'll be back in l.a in 4 days :3\" on our birthday!
stop it that's weird no thank you
Smoking a cig w dans mom lol
I don't get when I let people borrow my stuff all the time then when I ask them for one thing it's a problem.
Already got addy for 2nite! keep em coming!!
Just said something i didnt mean..
Whoever said casinos were fun was a liar.
Pretty sure USA already played Germany. They were called WWI and WWII.
guess im arching the World Cup tonight
Man self dutch ovens are the best.
\": Driving on William Floyd is the worst bc everyone thinks its a freaking race track or something\" kinda like how we raced yesss
My barely good is still great
I don't understand how ppl watch catfish ... It makes me feel nauseous
I'm so confused.. I wish I knew what to do with my life...
I have too much pride to ever talk to you again
\"Uh baby you is vine like a fifth avenue diamond how do those two planets girds in those jeans\" - liam
Pavement and face don't go together well.
how do u pick that? Do hard competition go
leaving you is the hardest thing to do
whenever I pull up to my house , I just sit in my car mad long and scroll down my feed
I want nothing to do with you.
How has this show still not started
Cheers heard all around Park Slope. Either an America thing happened at the world cup or [insert Brooklyn joke]
My goodness...quality strike from Jermaine Jones! Level at 1! Go
Well, if the results of this homestand don't light a fire under some folks, I don't know what will. Need some 2Pac
if I were you, I'd put that away. see, you're just wasted and thinking 'bout the past again. darling you'll be okay.
smell my armpit and describe it in significant detail
I dressed so nice today for someone who only left their house to make up a fitness friday
imagining a food blog set in an alternate universe where humans subside primarily off things such as shoes and potted plants
Come on , you're hispanic, say calaberas like a hispanic
Vea pues, voy noveno en la polla de :)
Everyyyy time I say I'm done I end up trying again !!!
Go hard or go home!
That 2048 should change to 1776 for today.
Just did a wedding for 150 people in the Catskills. Everything went great.
Who's that cute \"not gay\" white boy that danced to Whitney Houston on ?!
Who gets outta bed at 4:30am to run for fifteen minutes, shower, and then go back to bed? This guy.
When you fail to plan...
I'm so sore everywhere who volunteers to give me a massage??
My boobs will come in when I go through pregnancy
Next apartment I have will be one level and I will have cleaning people cuz fuck this
Actually just bawled my eyes out bc Augustus Walters
\": Boyfriend \" This makes me very happy
Can we stop making movies about people being terrible terrible human beings? We have our current reality to deal with already
the lights go out\nand I can't be saved.
Left for work and legit forgot my watch, bracelets and earrings
ILY BBY FOLLOW ME 1
ILY BBY FOLLOW ME 3
ILY BBY FOLLOW ME 2
Fun fact if u re\/tweet anything about the dentist you'll get followed by like 3 dentist office accounts
iya,suer tekewer2 deh :D RT : ah yng bener ka gaktau ? :p\"
Kitty from the 70's show is so cute,
Absolutely loved 's \"I wanted to see the Congo, and for my sins, they let me.\"
That last tweet was all phucked up.
\"Falling in love is a crazy thing to do. It's like a socially acceptable form of insanity.\"
The co-sign that matters the most,is your own. While everyone else is searching 4 someone 2 validate them, validate urself
\"Ni**as be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you\"
Don't fuck with fucking Texas.
Should Justin hop on league again because he could get a scholarship for college..?
The Purge was the worst movie i have ever seen
We would bring to a New York strip club for her birthday
Let go, Let God
Kids who listen to metal and always wear black skinny jeans\/hoodie even in the summer are weird
Shoutout to for bringing up the fact that I'm interning tomorrow because nobody else mentions it unless I do first.
I don't think you're ready for this thang
How can you compare Luis Suarez to Mike \nTyson? One likes American ear the other Italian shoulder.
Maybe now he'll get a court martial
Who wants to help my friend abby win $1000, all you gotta do is show up at a certain destination, if she wins we all get a free beer :-)
So many old navy flag tees. But also, never enough
Just Laughing. And She's Like You Think It's Funny? I Call That Rude And I Was Like Wyf Did I Do And She's Liked You Smiled At Him.
Happy 4th of July world enjoy. I'll be working all day
I thought I was missing a patriotic holiday, turns out I'm just missing the World Cup
ATTENTION ORION CARLOTO GIVES THE BEST HUGS I'VE EVER RECEIVED I'VE NEVER RECEIVED A BETTER HUG IN MY LIFE
Lmfao you need to shut up
Felt myself nearly black out again and I fucking hate that feeling.
Easy to give advice, but hard to follow your own.
I have to go six flags before I leave here
This old ass Phillipino woman at my job is the cutest thing lol
i wish i was , i wish i was beside you
Loving johnson right now
Mr. Krabs all about that money
I think he had more fun tonight than I did.
Mannn if only i had a time machine.. There are so many moments i wanna go back to&amp; just re-live them one more timee
Never gonna meet anyone decent in this shitty town
One song! And now ain't nobody loyal......let that sink in
I am live Tweeting the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating contest, because I love America.
I thought I was watching soccer? This looks more like a war
Folks can interpret differently, but I am running out of patience for the ignorance in the statement, \"the Bible is clear on homosexuality\"
So this OT gon keep my bills paid, allow me to save , allow me to shop ..&amp; keep up with my drinking ..
Culture comes to die in Fairfield County, Connecticut.
i'm probably the most positive person I know lmfao
Forgot to put on underwear.....straight free ballin
Went to see a free movie at Central Park and had halal......that date will forever be top 5
Jamestown my ass.! Don't fucking sit there and lie to me...
leaving work at 8:45, &amp; it's still light out. that's what I'm talking about
People said it would never work out, but living dreams, we shattered all doubts. It feels good to prove 'em wrongggg.
But seriously I don't wanna go home
Lol Sunland full of clowns to son .
Literally taking a break from the ask.fm since it's nothing but drama! -A
damn she caught me real quick
Free pride party at Saturday 1-4pm!
Group of tech bros talking about Occulus and looking at this dude that I'm like really attracted to but like he'd be a cool friend ya'know?
not how I expected this night to go.
3peat still is on the brink
it saves a lot of words that didn't need to be spoken in the first place
this looks like a job for the hall monitor
So close, yet so far. Dam hospital!
I just can't take it anymore. I was at my wits end months ago and I'm struggle to stay a float at this point.
Tomorrow will be one hell of a day at work... gonna be filled w\/drama, shit talking&amp;a bunch of two faced lies... fuck.
I m bored and hungry two of my daily struggles
GoodNight Mentions For For (Must Be )(Or Get )(All Females Welcomed)(GirlsTo
My dad actually spoke Swedish to me I'm hype
My phone is slowly dying.
Kelly has the coolest house ever
THIRTY SECONDS IN.
I said come thru come thru, girl you know we got things to do
be in a position in life where all of your dilemmas are beautiful
OHHHHHH GIVE THANKS UNTO THE LORD!!!! \n\nFor His Mercy endureth forever!!!
Red bull and coffeee all day in the city that never sleeps!!!
The saddest part of the fault in our stars was definitely when Augustus fell into the chocolate river and got sucked up into the tube thing
Fuck these other niggas I'll be right by your side til 3005
I see how you like to run, back to the things that got you here.
Now if they had real rappers that actually make music...
Introduced my mum to and now I hold the title for favorite child
Ain't another woman that can take your spot
I like us better when were wasted
Remembering Paul. MT: : Paul The Octopus had a better record predicting scores than the Vampire Squid.
Why is everything so confusing
Fitness Clothes to the Gym, Yoga Classes and Everyday wear! For YOU!\n From Small To X-Large, Plus size Capri Leggings .....
Just feel happy go be a part of the family today. Happy to spend the day with and 3.0 family.
Someone come to the city with me tmrw
Do people exist like where is everyone rn
What's Wednesday night without a new ? \n\n\/
I Said Can You Get My Benz in the Club?
First day of classes! Week off of school is way too short! Oh well, however i am excited about having to try CBT on myself.
Mac miller has the best producers holy fuck.
I'm trying so hard not to let it...
def. of deadlines: lines that are dead
Johannsson to score two.
\"You're making my girlhood tremble\"\nLOL WHAT
There should be an app for when you can't find your keys.
so Brian's new house kinda looks like his old house so basically I feel like I'm just in Vacaville lulz
NIGGAS CANT TELL ME NOTHINGGG!
Yes. I'm the girl that's into being treated like shit hahahaha
I love the way black coffee burns my tongue.
Ginoblii looking stupidd young!!!
I want to bake cookies and bring them to a nursing home
Mom needs medicine
Seriously frustrated that Kevin Jonas said to snapchat him selfies and hasn't opened mine. I even sent funny ones of me pretending to sleep
I'm about to have 5 days of the most delicious Turkish food and all I want is dino chicken nuggets and celery sticks
Making my dad cupcakes for dessert. Only hot pink icing in the house. Well, it's the thought that counts...
wearing clothes to sleep is absolutely unacceptable
Niggas only got 1 life to live why not live it up.?
Russel Martin has \"Come Together\" as his walk up music what a fucking stud
Well now I'm awake and can't fall asleep again. Ugh.
Hold on, hold on wrong account
\"I'm definitely making brownies after you leave\"-
Excited to finally see tonight bruh
What the actual fuck how did class registration open 12 hours early?!
She gonna see some shit she don't wanna see
OH HOT DAMN
you're my G-O, L-D, E-N, G-I, R-L and that's for the females that can't spell, but thanks for fuckin with me.
I need a dog or something to keep my self occupied and not feel so lonely all the time
I can play both sides of the fence done it
This Is Us might be the only thing that makes me feel better
Is it crazy that when I tell you to go I want you stay?
could use a blunt and a beer rn
The average month is 30.4375 days long. I know this because math.
ASIAS LETTING ME DRIVE THE BENZ
Seize The Day - Avenged Sevenfold!! Sucha fuckin good tunee
I can't move my limbs!! So sore... Today is going to be rough and tomorrow will be worse.
Diamonds are a girl's best friend. The ones I lost in Delaware are probably someone else's bff now. Ugh.
When u bout to tweet something but somebody walks in and interrupts ur train of thought
I wanna get fucked up tonight.
It is way to early for me to be up and going to work.
Won't you stay with me, cause your all I need.
today is already so many tiiinggzz.
I'm so tired but I don't want to sleep..
Just started crying listening to if I lose my self wishing I was back there tonight
Yume is so good
AND WE ARE BACK IN!
It feels really great to have someone's 110% for once.
Think I really might have injured my left arm from working out...
1st July, 2014. 7 million vs 1.3 billion. The of 300 has begun in .
\": I hope Whitley throws at Napoli tonight\" THIS
Jared didn't even get ice cream, he got a milkshake
I'm tired AF of living in this place
In need of a good book for the
Feel so sick idk how im surviving this day
Left hand on the steering wheel, right hand on that pussy
Bey and jay performing at the bet awards I KNEW THEY WOULD.
distance is a bitch.
Some asian dude just handed me a pair of converse as I was walking out of model's. He said he couldn't take it &amp; he couldn't get in trouble
Using my to stream Hulu. I am so in love with this gadget.
IM COMING FOR YOU, SAY ANYTHING, TFB, AND YOU BLEW IT
They just fucked us right in the ass. Daymmm
I just wanna go on a cute dinner date
So I'm tight because I didn't know the draft was held in Brooklyn &amp; my uncle went. I'm tight.
The World Cup might be the only sporting event men and women can agree on.
you were given an ultimatum and you chose your girlfriend over your family...lol
JONES COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT BETTER!
Moody doesn't even explain me rn
see, you don't give a shit. told you! told you!
Shit man im bout to have my tracks back mixed n mastered! I can't wait for this!!!!!!
Yea yea yea bro
You know it's an exciting time at your company when you can't wait to go to work on Monday!
it's like he doesn't hear a word I say \nhis mind is somewhere far away and I don't know how to get there
Cleaning house today getting ready to put my house on the market! Monday I will know if I get approved for a 4 bedroom home! :-)
Happy 4th everyone! Enjoy the weekend!
Not leaving my room all day. I don't care, I can't stand being around people.
Joel Campbell worked HARD down a man.
This could be us but you wear American Eagle jeans.
I wish I had friends that loved this movie as much as I do bc I'd have a movie night and this would be on constant replay.
