If I didn't get mad then it means I didn't care
Blasting salsa at my crib at this time &gt;
People ask questions not for your answer, but rather to hear theirs come from your mouth.
wow what a goal by messi....
I havent felt this shitty at the gym in a while n im sad
ya'll dont undestand how much i luv partynextdoors music
I woke up to the chicken dance song and idk where it's coming from
And I'm hella fucking annoying lol.
I have a lot on my mind
Our feelings are the realest things people have but we are all too focused on \"not giving a fuck\" ...
Is it bad that when I chose a black coffee cup this morning, I justified it with, \"Oo black, like my soul\"
Obsessed with my new house !
Just met black dude with a diastema with a name as white as mine...I think we have to fight or something now. There can only be one!
If I were to have a number of supercars id have a Porsche carrera or 911, a pagani zonda and a Lamborghini reventon
I cringe &amp; get a little worried for the gal when it's obvi she loves him more than he loves her. IMO man should be heads over heels for you.
For the Phils VZ Summer Lg team, 18 yr old LHP Ranger Suarez is 2-2 w\/ a 2.08 ERA while striking out 49 &amp; walking 1(!) in 47 2\/3 IP.
My mom act like I've been getting bad grades all year . Like this one bad grade gonna kill her
remember when luke hemmings was the shortest one
Adam West is here at . I would love to meet him and get a picture, but the line is too long.
Chocolate pudding in the fridge idk if it's stiff yet
I'm convinced, ugly people go together
life is way more dramatic when your left alone with your thoughts
Pumped as hell for the U.S game today
This nigga can't answer my text about working a little longer until I can come in yet his phone is always with him
Eww I feel so embarrass cause I was all sweaty looking lol
Michael Beasley used to be the man
What was that
Usually helpful to pay attention from the start
That nap was like something out of this planet
Dude your first single got to number 1 that is crazy
Watching the Spanish language broadcast has its perks.
You always hit me when my boo around
When using big words you must know what they mean lol.
That USA goal was orgasmic
Unbelievable Costa Rica in the quarter finals
And I'm such a nostalgic. I have a hard time letting go of the past completely. That's why I hoard things from my past so that I always rmbr
Close but no cigar. 0-4 in my coaching career
um high kick? Or no?
Apparently \"THOT\" is also an acronym for \"that hoe over there\" so it's being misused all over.
I just cried at the episode of Hannah Montana when her horse like almost does what is my life
\"I have the same problem with my menorah\" might be the Jewiest thing I've ever said.
She ain't fresh out of the gates..she's a already past the finish line whore.
Forever exhausted after the beach
Got a lotta lotta lotta of that.
putting on a great show
treasure every last moment that ariana is 20 and still our babY
Organs blush, lipstick &amp; concealer. \nDevil in a tight dress, girl you a killer &amp; ain't nobody realer
Catch me on ESPNs coverage of the coney island hot dog eating contest
and Germany face off Thursday in their match of the 2014 World Cup. 9 am (PST) start time televised nationally on .
Shane battier is a class act though
LET'S FUCKING GO
sii \":I wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am just looking at the stars, not worrying about the problems that we have going on\"
Hate when 2 exs come at each other so much like sdfu get it together have some makeup sex &amp; cut the bs out!
my mom on the phone: \"if he doesn't like San Francisco... he can leave. we don't want him here anyway. he can live in snow and humidity\"
I'm loving the signs in the crowd tonight.
Honestly if i wasnt a broke bitch id really wouldve quit my job by now
- what an insane flop - nicely done SAS. Someone should give that guy an oscar
Mom always sayd there's an awful lot you can tell about a person by their shoes!
I need to get myself out of this situation.
Beasley looks really shaky at left back!
when my sister like my man that tells me he's a good guy cause cassandra dont like nobody .
My bracket maybe be screwed but that was an amazing goal!!!
Dont know why im even awake
Disney's Tarzan is now on Netflix. This makes me happy. :-)
I hate this man
Hmmm what phone should I get with my upgrade?( not iphone )
Se quejan de que soy caprichosa y ellos me criaron asi .
Its literally dog day on my instagram
Why is that album just so good
Somebody get chris rock off the stage son
To all Central American countries: por favor help your people grow so that they don't come to the USA TO SUFFER
\"You think you've seen me mad but you haven't I'm about to get medieval up in this bitch\" -Mr.Shakur
uma vez belieber, sempre belieber
If space really is as big as scientists think it is, there has to be at least one planet besides Earth that has a life form on it
like what could you add to me?
Can't watch teen wolf tonight because my sister has her Chemistry regents in the morning. If y'all spoil it for me I swear.
Netflix and cuddling with subie sounds like the perfect night
Turning the lights on at home to wake up the kids all the way from San Francisco. Video calling whilst doing so...the internet rocks!!
Na no I don't, I just wanna see other people naked, I'd bury myself in the sand to avoid anyone seeing allllla diz
Had an amazing day at the beach today with my mom, Allie, Josh and Jamie. :) Even though the waves kicked my butt.
couple facebook accounts are the best . if a thot or nigga gonna hit on ya they gotta message the both of yall
Literally want to move out of my fucking house
Is there a limit to how many people you can block on an iPhone ?
I really don't feel like packing for Vegas... \nIt should be good. We'll see
Let's fucking go. USA USA USA
Sometimes I feel like getting 50 tattoos
Yall needa chilll... yall will be friends again tmrw.
at least I can sing at the top of my lungs
OMG a next USA team player got hurt!!
If a girl ever needs a self esteem boost, just post a selfie with a little cleavage
I could never date someone who isn't fit
We are flying to Chicago today and we totally lucked out and have a open seat in our row. We get to localize the toddler madness ;) .
Even if Lebron scored 60, Miami would probably still lose with the way they're playing
Are u interested in being on a radio aircheck demo? If u wana give a shoutout, make a song request, or phone punk prank some1 plz in-box me!
Explain why it reeks of liquor in the break room you dirty dogs don't hold out on me!
Addicted to peanut butter and pretzels
when Im rich these 80 hr work weeks will stop, 'til then Ima keep working.
There's a lot to think about late at night
\": Can someone come watch movies with me\"
CR7 remata y luego se peina...
Some days it seems that million showers wouldn't stop my skin from crawling.
Can i get my thrillzzz?!
Now she said their system for credit cards is down and we have no cash
i have paint in my hair um
There was a stray dog walking on our lawn &amp; she let this nigga in the house b lmao
Damn he gone
going through memories like they were movie scenes
Bout to get this fish fry and throw down, then getting my hair laid! Yeahhesss lawd.
Not even a minute lol
And this time I was actually the one to try
Who's a king to a God; what's a God to a non-believerrrr
Peace out Crown Heights its been real. What's good Williamsburg!?
What saying is funny cuz laughing
Batman Beyond is the best Batman everrrrr wtf
I swear there's nothing to do in jersey
It amazes me that he has the inclination to talk about not having ass.
Put it on your mom I never made your toes curl ! Lol yeah thought so ! &lt;&lt;&lt;how confident I am
Melvin and I won that little twitter beef. Just saying
I'm suppose to be on the beach, getting drunk, then having burgers and dogs. WTF is this
Sometimes I ask myself \"What am I doing to myself?\"
I have problems. But oh well.
Bout to nap bc I fuckn can
EARLIEST GOAL EVER IN WORLD CUP HISTORY! USA USA USA!
Ima start just hitting bitches with my car
why do you care? my actions shouldn't concern you. hypocrisy at its finest.
djing again at the store today till 7!
I HATE it when you don't like a girl and she wants to be like \"you're just hating on me\" like N O.
and again I didn't go no where
I'm always hot or cold. Never in between. What can't I ever win?
my whole mood changes .. smhh .
(SCREAMING) what is Bey and Jay performing on the say it ain't so :-) and mmmmmm
Jose abreu,, meet Nelson cruz
Damn wtf boiling crab got that good old school music haha...
TONIGHT I FOUND OUT THAT THERE IS NO COFFEE FLAVOR AT KRISPY KREME LIKE TF HAVE I BEEN EATING
Seattle or San Diego - That is the question?!
The thunder and lightning is crazy right now
I'm watching your you now broadcast
I have a picture of that can ruin her life within seconds. But I'll save it for another time (; karma is a bitch my friend
\"How are you?\" \"... it's Monday.\"
I hate when a nigga posts a selfie and you can tell they slobbered their lips right before looking mad shiny and shit
I've changed so much since my sophomore year in high school ...all for the better
No one ever picks my card in fucking apples to apples
I get so angry when girls are so jealous sometimes god calm down.
My whole team smashed her&amp; you didn't even know it
who really gives a fuck I live for me
I'll really smack flames out a bitch lmfaoooooo word
no matter how hard I try to not have expectations, I always end up disappointed.
Ben Franklin didn't invent bacon so we could lose to Germany.
But I really ain't flexing lol awk
They Don't Know What I Been Through They Don't Know The Half They Only Know What I Tell Them
Fuck yes USA!!!!!
Miss the times when you actually responded to me lmao .
Every thugs weh go through this know how me feel
This day is going so fucking slow, fucking Christ
Fuck it!!! Gh got this!!!
Hold Up Is That You ? With Them Big Ole Thighs Afterschool ?
Damn we need more managers to cover shifts.. should've stayed crew to get days off fasho
Wow you got ice water dumped on you. Now you can add that to the long list of other things no one cares about.
Thanks mom for calling me a loser *ears lower and whimpers* and she's right :\/
Oooooooh the excitement of list win to that on the radio.
New shoes came in I wonder what they are
Ended the convo not so good. That's all bad.
It takes the right people to believe in you.
I'm gonna send Jenee every white dress on forever 21 website and she's gonna say no to every 1
Looking like a Beach night stroll...
Took the longest nap, now I'm not gonna be able to sleep ._.
\"That's what the people tying to find evidence of god are doing: trying to smell the number 9\" -my dad
I hope I wake up in time for the US game tomorrow
yo dude, take your cat off of the leash. you're embarrassing the human race.
\": Tenemos a Navas motherfucker !!\"
is ON! Find us near Garage Bar and B2 Coffee!
When I'm depressed I watch Hannah Montana
I can't listen to dillon 13 35 without remembering . I miss the hell outta you, AA.
skirtin the line btwn high n sick
Even kham nah told USA, not to go to Iraq,. He did care about American soldiers.
Wow Alex is fake. I'm not watching anymore oitnb.
I won't forget you but I may forget your name
If you show your ass\/tits In every single picture, that's obviously all you have to offer
The on just have me chills!
He may not look all man. But looks arent what makes a man.
Tomorrow I have a million things to do and all I want is to hide in my room and not talk to anyone
it was such a long day yesterday.... holy shit!
Told Alliana bring me a Chefette roti.
Was hoping for a Win for \/ , but what a great performance by .
If there is hell on earth I would imagine it as my mothers tshirt business
Whelp me and are officially roommates partayyyyyyyyy
Dwayne Wayne &gt; Dwyane Wade
Their last name literally means \"skulls\" wow creative
Got a new guy from santa cruz lucky bastard
I'm tierd of bad vibes, being around people who don't care about me, show no love. No hope. i've lost alot. i'll cut you out just like that.
If you wanna know who cares about you imagine if you ran away from home who would your parents call to help look for you?
HAHAH SUCH A SHANK
You gotta learn to not care and to enjoy life
The days are how you make it
Just when we fans were sure things couldn't get any worse....
Pinche goalaso !
Like the cookoo bird lays it's egg in another bird's nest so they unwittingly work to raise it.
Got into Seascape Resort pool
Walking in Times Square is top 5 most aggravating things to do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Nothing says sketchy like seeing the ice cream man at 9:30 at night
Worst 4 hours of sleep EVER.
30 SECONDS. I LOVE AMERICA
I want pho and I can't find anywhere near me... HEEEELLLLPPPP
if my dad wasn't sleeping downstairs I'd totally go get some food
SummerStage Special appearances tonight: FlatBush Zombiez,ASAP Nast, ASAP Ty beats, ASAP Any,ASAP Ferg, ASAP Rocky, Action Bronxon, Ab-Soul
THEY DREW CLINT'S BLOOD
resulta que la hermana de mauricio y la prima son medias turras va la prima es turra pero es mi amor platonico igual
Waiting for the panel to end to start with . We may start a little but after 9 as Gardy is on the panel.
Mrs Carne more like DR CARNE
RIP Casey Kasem- started listening to him on a mono earphone radio as a child, he helped me fall in love with music. Voice of Shaggy too!
I have bites on my face, seriously WHAT THE FUXKING FUXK
going to see hardwell at MSG in November everyone come
There is no other place I'd rather be working, I love my team and am beyond grateful for this New opportnity. Lez go Raids
The crew isn't the same without Ciara...
NY stays busy all day and all night
spontaneous 10 mins of little league rules: chase the man with the ball, then everyone hang out inside the goalie box.
Nice gol by USA
No need for bs around here !
USA starting off strong. LETS GO
Literally everything I'm in ends up fucking everyone over in some way shape or form
That would blow mines if I got turned down for the 3some too
I thank god I know how to cook
I just wanna smoke a blunt &amp; watch a movie
The girl who says \"omg I'm just like a guy\".... You're probs not like a guy
I like twitter cause it's like talking to myself but less weird
Some people can be so heartless
You can count on me, cause that's what friends are supposed to do:)
Josie's on a vacation far away
I can't take a picture to save my life.
Please end this
Hopefully my beard grows in nice and full
\"The best way to bootstrap a company is to start with a lot of money\"
I miss my brothers. Including Wes &amp; Pasi.
If I sent you that snapchat, you should be grateful
the smell of fire reminds me of you because everything burned when you left.
My dad screaming right now is giving me an anxiety attack
CMC just upset Made\/Bingo's All-Stars, 76-75!
Some people just don't realize how much they're actually worth.
really had to reflect on my life for a minute
I hide my heart so it don't get broken
\"Ma'am which kind of cheesecake would you li-\" \"ONE\"
Drag race; chris smith style
If you think about it, Free Willy was like Blackfish before it was cool
how is anyone supposed to eat a peach without looking like a slob? I mean really
Nets fan but falling in love with Spurs,, Slam the HEAT:-)
Thought I couldn't see without you, perfect vision..
NIGGAS ACTING LIKE JOSUKE ISNT THE GREATEST JOESTAR OF ALLLL TIMEEEEEE
I could be 60 years old and I will be still be afraid of lightening
A goal right there would have been nice
1 week away
I wanna kiss you, but you're far away.
I bet Ronaldo scores today.
How tf can you be so fake ?
A guy just asked for my number in front of my parents...
Watch me drop these sick beats yo *drops a pair of Beats headphones on the ground*
Fernando is really scared to find that contaminated rat
Our Sons and daughters have died for what .world laughs and calls us weak. I hate ,disrespects his president and his sick analogues. He's
Lmao going in on .
I DONT WANT AMERICA TO WIN
I'm pretty sure I asked his name to add him on Facebook. Also pretty sure he never accepted it
I think I'm going to the shore. About time
The point of this is that I FUCKING GROW UP and I don't even know why!?
Tu Cuerpo Me Llama 88'
I am going at doing idiotic things haha
SOCORRO EU TO MT FELIZ VAI TER FILME D QM EH VC ALASCA AI MDS SENHOR KDNDKDNKSSKDNKDNDKDNKXNS
Btw. 22 jump street is good but still incredibly over rated. Almost all repeated jokes and references to the last movie...
\"I believe in Nate Silver, and Neil DeGrasse Tyson, and Christopher Hitchens; although I do admit he can be kind if an asshole.\"
I have no service bc of the mountains :(
Our 13 year old brothers just beat us at beer pong...it's time to crawl into a hole and die now
I don't need to be in social networks like that anymore smh
\": are you out of what I Will Laughingly call your mind ?!?\" This was it.
Polio about to be trippin' for free tho
lowkey scared to get my nose pierced
It's the 4th of July and my pool still isn't open.. Oh well I guess there's always next summer lol
I don't have a type. If I like you, I like you
Color me impressed! your S4 in ear headphones wire is a little flat and slightly rigid. NO TANGLED WIRES!
\"I didn't go to 42 artRAves because I wanted to be the next marcmonster\" and other lies told outside Gaga's apartment
People show off soooo much it's sad
It would be cool if Chloe played checkers with me FUCK
i guess i've been replaced
\"Dont ever run unless someones chasing you\" - mama rapps
Just so you know this feelings taking control of me and I can't help it.
Life really been rough for niggas lately
Good luck to everyone taking the chem regent tomorrow may god be with u
Why do I make em fall in love...
Iam bout to sleep in the shower today
You call yourself a man, yet your nothing more than a little bitch
Kevin Gates feat. 2 Chainz x Bet I'm on it.
I didn't know Svengali plays for Greece
lol I can't figure out which one is mine
sleeping with your windows open while it's raining &gt;&gt;&gt;
Gah! Do u ever just love a song? But love love-your heart can't contain how much?I want it to be a person so that I can love it... Feel me?
Can't wait to be with my whole fam today
What is up with Nick Cannon look like? Why?
A terrible, two faced personalty ruins everything about a pretty girl.
Can I brag that mercy ruled the NCAA champion Vandy baseball team? Nah...probably shouldn't . Win when it matters.
I have every reason to be happy and I'm just not
A great first day of vacation continues, aided by fab at
Love randomly taking a day off from the gym, downside I ate gluten but it was pizza so yum
The Notebook is my favorite movie still. Not the one that I tell people when I get asked what my favorite movie is, but my secret favorite.
Should I just shave it???? I've wanted to for a little bit now
Aquamarine is on..This used to be my favorite movie when I was like 11 omg.
Breakfast in Prague...dinner in NYC
What the hell is wrong with this lady
Im literally crying at how horrible these disney channel shows promos look....
I could honestly watch all day
People really do play to many games these days
\"This time it will be different\"
Need a miracle tomorrow honestly. I'm such a smart person but when it comes to science (beside bio) and math... lord
\"You want some free pussy?\" \"No i just had dinner\"
I leave to Guatemala in less than 3 weeks
Take a shot for every American flag you see on your tl
\"Believe half of what you see and half of what you hear\" best advice my dads ever given me
FUCK YEAH JERMAINE JONES
RIP Ike's Place :'(
The goalie actually watched the ball go in hahaha
i swear I feel like my life is falling apart at least once a week
Pop is just like nick saban lmao this nigga don't smile
my overall average this year was a 93 where's my award
Its ridiculous how much a bra costs.
-We hold those truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed..with certain unalienable rights. Happy 4th!
And if you close your eyes
Get my name out of your fucking mouth.
Viven criticando que Dios se las multiplique!
it's the people u wanna tweet about when u can't sleep
About to go Swimming
When bored: make fake twitter accounts pretending to be Alexis Delaney
(2\/2) So if Lecavalier's contract was the hold up in a trade with NSH they weren't \"close\" to a deal, they merely discussed it.
J cole letter really made me think of things
ya soccer whoohoo
Things will be okay. And if it's not, they will be eventually.
I question about life itself. \nlike how do we even exist?
Iv been going to bed at 9 at this camp
The sun burn on my neck and face is serious rn
I tried to get up but sleep is something serious
\"Be kind to everyone you meet because everyone is fighting a battle you know nothing about.\"
I could hear that goal from the bathroom.
Ima go as far as you let me
I finished crank and it was shittier than I remembered and I started beautiful boy for like the third time and it's better than I remembered
I'm guessing the water's good in the deep end?
You are the fugitive but you don't know what your running away from.
I swear I learn so much from my brother it's crazy.
Big ups to my man came from nothin.
There's spicy Indian, and there's Indian spicy Indian. \n\nTwo different levels of you should've ordered more cold drinks than your food.
Told my mom she looked like she was jerking off a ghost and once again my parents won't speak to me
You can always tell who a bitch is by her snap chat bestfriends
-how can you be you when you don't know who you are?
If your read receipt is on I like you so much better
Thank God for Howard
Senior year in NewYork might be a movement
Te llamo por razones obvias, ya te imaginas.
Damnit.. They found the body of that firefighter who went missing 2 weeks ago. Damn shame.
Me van a coger... Y pos ni siquiera he empezado clases. :)
Sorry for the memes im bored lmao
Today I tried to touch the basketball net using a running start and not only failed but also fell flat on my ass
Totally want to watch the Notebook now. Because I'm a man.
Te voy a pagar con la misma moneda!
Time to change into stretch pants and eat more bread.
Gonna remain in NYC for now... What to do, any suggestions?
minhas mentions estavam badaladas, agora voltou a mofar
I love to laugh &amp; his company would be fantastic!
Literally everyone on my block is a Yale alum
It's crazy how I don't fuck with the same people I use to.
A punto de exponer en el GDG Summit!!! :D el Lima que realizamos con :)
Boys gossip more than girls like dayum
Damn moms pain killers be doin me some good she letting me actually stay out late. Whoa.
Great so I guess me and Brian are going tonight, must rest up.
Twitter be on some bullshit following people for me like bishhh whet?
.Good job, good job with the Parent Program. Always a pleasure working with you!
that goal by jones was the biggest fluke in World Cup history, I'll still take it though
is this ratchet ass is really thirst trapping to Can You Feel the Love Tonight
stepped in a foot deep puddle and now my jeans are soaked
In honor of July 4th, the songleading majors are having an America\/freedom song session! It's starting NOW!
Clint motherfucking Dempsey!!
Guys I'm enjoying a Tully's Buried Treasure in less than a week I can finally feel like there's a light at the end of the delicious tunnel
What the fuck I'm doing you a fucking favor and you're going to bitch at me????????
Wild is a fucking joke man.
I'm moving to china in a month and I'm just a lil stressed
He wasn't reeaaddddy
My mom spent $700 dollars for me today zamn il her
When I hit the club I hit it with a bunch of killas
SPURS IN 5 !
Time to buy alcohol, FOR AMERICA
I hate the fact that time doesn't stop wth
I shouldn't be sweating in my own house
Like I said Ronaldo save your strikes for Real
Having your phone dead and having to drive back from Warwick this late at night is not enjoyable
Watching finals with two people who got doctorates from Princeton
GOALLLLL! USSAAAAAA!!! USAAA!!!
Whos tryna hit up ocean beach tm
Thanks, . and I are driving.
As much as I love going to bars I miss the old days drinking in Harmon's parking lot, going to the overpass and just being sneaky about it.
Someone scoop me from Monty's moms house.
That's like sayin my mothafuckin jewels don't glow no more lmao
That brought back memories... That shit is so painful...
god i love you why cant you see that
my love is either overwhelming or non existent. no in btwn.
\"She was the chute; you were the ladder.\" -
i'll claptoo lolol.
THAT WHITE BITCH NEEDS TO NOT WITH THOSE HAIR FLIPS
William is life
5 niggas cut me off tryna come down the steps with this bag &amp; so I stop n wait for them to pass. Then they ask if I need help after smd
I'll be at your house in 20 minutes with a pizza lets watch a movie than fall asleep
When there's no hair tie at work and you have to use paper clips as bobby pins to keep your hair up &lt;
En el dia zafo pero viene la noche y me viene toda la fiebre nosequemierda hace como 4 dias, un asco todo
Worst night of my life. Negative people ruin everything for me
Looking forward to Dean Koontz new novel \"The city\" coming out tomorow
Efforts are meant to be made by two.
If I'm really feeling you everything about you becomes cute to me from your name to the way you do your messy buns to the way you move
stop dressing little kids like they're grown adults.
I would be completely satisfied if tans never faded
It's not always easy and sometimes life can be deceiving, I'll tell you one thing, it's always better when we're together
has anyone ever seen GBF bc its actually a good movie wut
After some drama and drama and more drama through to
WHOEVER KICKED CLINT IS GONNA GET THESE HANDS
Idk how do people put up with me like i cant even put up with me
I really don't trust these niggas
I'm excited that on android wear was highlighted at today's I\/O keynote!
Dont tell nobody
It's always that one mf that kills the party
Cool down mate
My friend dated 1 girl who was so psychotic he had to say he got some girl pregnant to get her to leave him alone and she still didn't stop
I thought Ronaldo was supposed to be good
Just saw a virgin america flight abort landing &amp; go around again. What's happening on the runway?
Honestly I wanna move out this area
Like what are you gonna do when I'm at college
Lmao all these tweets about the rain I guess it it raining
When y'all gonna get over this teen drama bull shit...
\": When I examine myself and my methods of thought, I come to the conclusion that the...\"
He went to sleep so Im gonna go to bed in a few too
I'm so stupid lol
I wish I wasn't sweet &amp; so people wouldn't take advantage
Spurs is Nasty too much.
At the end of the day, all you have is yourself. \nDon't rely on anyone else to help you up, they'll just push you back down.
Coach cayis- hold the football as if u were holding a girls titey. Lmaooo ahah
Esa la para Willy Caballero.
PF Tim Duncan has exercised his $10.3M option for the 2014-15 season.
\": People who consume more pizza may actually be decreasing their risk of cancer.\"
I hate you all for favoriting my tweets.
I hate when one little thing can ruin your whole day in an instant.
finding my bosses fb n seeing his profile picture is of just his 3 dogs def made my life complete
Throw that ass in a octagon
Tomorrow is the official first day of Ramazan, may Allah be with you all
You're funny if you think bosnia is gonna go far
I don't know why i felt so special with you
Vanilla bean ice cream with chocolate syrup
She Wants Me, She Wants Me, Cause I Got It All Shawty Tell Me What You Don't See
I just found my bra in the driveway? I'm officially living out of my car
I don't know how people can sleep through thunderstorms... No way
look yourself in the mirror. and you look like a mf clown.
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide, because your mine i walk the line.
Guess I'll rt some of my old gems
Can't believe it's my turn. Cya
I don't know what to do anymore
Can't for fall out boy and paramore this Friday
\": not w them Hannah Montana boots on bruh she look 15 in the face and 11 in the body\"
I need to lay off the McGangbangs yo.
\"Equality for all!! (Except those who are brave enough to speak their beliefs)!!!!\"
\"We are a city that takes care of its own, lifts people up, and strives to give people opportunities.\" -opening budget statement
.there is no\"limbo\"except what media will create to protect Obama. He deserted his post, he wasn't were he was supposed to be.
I guess that's baseball's version of Ball Don't Lie. Still would have been nice to profit from Home Fan Advantage.
HOLY SHIT USA
I wish I was closer with more people.
My dumbass still hits the low part of the ceiling in the house, even after living here for 20 years. Ow.
Proud of my bro graduating from the streets today
Been sitting in an airplane that hasn't moved yet for 3 hours WHAT IS THIS
Listening to all of the stars.....im genuinely in love with all of eds sutle little details he adds in...its always my fav part of the songs
I may b a first 2 state that my TWEETS past 10 mths have easily outperformed my aggressive growth investing. Have to follow my TWEETS better
As a visual designer, one of the hardest things to explain to a proj manager (&amp; ultimately the client) is that a PIXEL is no longer a pixel.
Just found my new favorite lotion scent. Thanks Kate Upton!... No seriously, thanks for leaving it
I wanna go to the movies.
Yahoo rescuing Community feels like a 50-year old dad buying an Imagine Dragons CD and asking his kids if he's cool now.
Costa Rica did it one man down...Great job.....CONCACAF is on fire this year....
I know I know, the highs the lows, it comes and goes
The fault in our stars was so adorable
Fact b RT : Manu dunkin on 3 niggas, game over
It feel good out here.
I was one of those niggas that put the chips in my sandwich it was bomb af
MESSI LO METIO
Penalty time aka sudden death - vamos
throwing money in the air like Jordan
Should I name my future French bulldog Charlotte after Charlotte York and Charlotte Gainsbourg?
I curse a lot ima try to stop
No scotus. Say it ain't so.
Does anyone know how to print the report card from parent portal
Que pinche Golazo!!!!!!!!!! U.S!!! JONES!!!!!
The is really cool.
Aka someone get me a bec and pizza like now
One more commuting day for the week
Elizabeth Kubler-Ross forgot re-grouting your bathroom
Don't tell me you wanna be together and then the next day you ignore me
I could go on and on and on about friendship right now but my friend has a date and I don't want to ruin anything
Woke up to the screech of an eagle with a feeling of a freedom.
\": I feel like after senior trip ended everything became very real and I suddenly feel very overwhelmed with the future\" YES
Lifeproof cases are the shit no doubt
Really looking forward ro breakfast in the morning
Im so fat omg i just ate a sandwich
Finally approaching the Lagrange point between Oakland and Medford..
\": Karrueche Tran sings too?\" DEAAD
Stop talking like you're hot shit
are we really watching high school musical 3 right now
Boy of the year award goes to for bringing me food both times he's been to my house
Yo homies dead wildin rn for no reason like ya gotta learn how to chill talking no respect but you're out here calling girls thots lol
I really hate all the association with slutty\/revealing outfits with edm
I wanna lay on the beach all day
Time to get star spangled hammered
\"Bitches ain't loyal\" but all you date is bottle girls and strippers idiot
unfollow me and a block sweeeeet duuuude :)))
But then did, hadnt so dis angel just lol
I miss my warm mexican blankets from home:(
567 I love you and you're one of my good friends. We have 2 have movie night soon!!
El quieres subir sus HT; A las Malas .-.'
I really do hope I keep in contact with my friends shipping out to basic\/Bootcamp.
CMON HE CAN BEAT RUDE... HEA ALMOST THERE OMG PLEASE EVERYOKE BUY IT NOW
Hali's Master Chef With Guest Chef Gordon Ramsey TuPac Man
Nigga nick look like he rolled outta bed &amp; said fuck it
so hop offff.
I always get so stressed when my brother has people over
And now your my whole life, and now your my whole world
Who needs church when you can work brunch and watch the USA on a projector?
The only thing that I dislike about Iggy is the way she performs
Im probulary the only person who isn't watching the game and could care less about it
One more week until I'm home. Can't wait to see my fammmmmm!
Kid 2 reporting the tornado- it's coming fast! It's past china! It's in Santa Barbara!
Oh hahahahahahaha! It might be too late now! :D
Baby if they ask me I'll say I don't even know your name
Order some grub
'When the days are cold and the cards all fold'
Gotta keep better possession
I still can't get over that Ray shit. what a fucking little bitch.
Thank god that spahic will be all good to play on Saturday
The way I describe or talk about you to other people is incredible
And he threw two no hitters against one of the worst baseball teams in the mlb.... Right on!
Love hearing all the chants! !
I thought Bey &amp; Jay was getting divorced
If you follow me. I will also follow you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you can't beat them, dress better than them.
Some people are being torture while sleeping sweet or south dreams
During summer..... Everybody in the same grade age don't mean anything lmao
God gives the hardest battles to the strongest soldiers. So I fight for us asking as there is reason to.
note to self: dont eat a bag of TAKIS before workout.
Wow k so the one time I bring food from home assholes take it out of the fridge for whatever reason. Still eating out now so that's cool :-)
\": how am i supposed too feel rn\" im askin myself the same thing
The girls &amp; I are having a coachella themed party,favorite this if you would come.
kodaline \/\/ all i want
If my shit flops... they say tht a real possibility, the thought alone is killing
MC Lyte looks like a healthy Toni Braxton
Working from 9am-8pm today is not really my thing
THIS SHIT NEEDED TO HAPPEN IM HYPE
OHH MY GOD GINOBLIIIIIIIII!!!! Holy shit
5am, en route to airport, Papa's teeth will not stay in place and I know it's gross but I can't help but laugh
How could you be so heartless
Bring me the horizon \/ it never ends
So I'm here at Apple HQ but I need some help please. Does anybody know the Los Altos area particularly well? Pls RT
I don't like the fact that my shoulder just popped out of socket
With my skin tan &amp; my hair long
This weekends gunna be pretty pimp.
Honestly if people went through my camera roll they would think I was on drugs
If Spurs win you might have to give MVP to Leonard
Finished my first week on the job!
Yo que hijueputas estoy pagando con este marica? El karma de mi mama tambien?
Spurs are so consistent. They're always contenders for a championship.
Dude at RayBeez's funeral: \"I like to think that Ray isn't really gone, he just...went to get the Warzone Women.\"
When you're afraid to make a change, is when you're afraid to improve
Cinderella never asked for a prince. All she asked for was a night off &amp; a dress.
Ya okay okay, David no quiere que siga :)
The students at the summer camp I'm preaching at affectionately call me \"Pickle\" &amp; I love it.
My level of anxiety and the pain going through out my body right now is outrageous.
So ironic that the rare time I actually want to talk about how I feel no one is available to talk
Live reporting from room F7, this is Joe Haaf, with CCC morning news.
I don't even know skinnies friends that well but I like messing with dani &amp; skinny &amp; they're the only other people who do it with me lololol
My dad is going to be working for a party for Morgan Freeman and Michael Kors. NBD.
i just lit skylars phone on fire i cand stop laughing
I don't love em I ain't catching feeeelins
I think I have a concussion
boycotting twitter until the cup is over
Gotta hit that Greek feast later.. Feeling a gyro
Baby sister is now 18; time flies. I still remember the day dad gave her to me on my lap, and we both just stared at each other...
Just can't wait to see 's performance!
ky you got a friend for me? lmao
Iggy Azalea is shit wtf does everyone gas her for
I am dead. I am dead. Cause Chris Rock killed me
Yep. He brokeded his nose
Here's the second Goooooooooooooool
THE HEAT WINNING THE NEXT 3 GAMES
.And that's how I found out about the death of Eli Wallach. THANKS A LOT, !!!
Andrea is selling her house? Wow.
so im laying in bed and the door is open and my mom decides to walk in here and tell me to go downstairs and then i said no. THEEEEN. my +
Gone put paws on him lol
No card for kicking someone in the face!? What the fuck is this shit!
She ride and stand up for him but a nigga wanna be a nigga
Potentially best defender in so far is a Costa Rican who plays in MLS. Let that sink in
This damn tattoo better heal fast.
One more day of work then off Mon-Tue
Presenting at emerging partners training tomorrow. Get ready for sessions on transitioning from and .
Usa get it together
If my body is a temple this weekend bulldozed it and built a suburban development of mid sized homes on the land
Looking forward to seeing supporters\/advocates tomorrow night for MusicFest
I wanna go out but at the same time I don't
They say im picky cuz all my bitches exquisite
So blessed to have parents that inspire me and support me in everything I do
they say love is in the air so I.... holdmybreathtillmyfaceturnpurple keepafewbadbitchesinmycircle
I should be sleeping rn, have to wake up early :0
Am I the only person who deletes all her embarrassing drunk texts before waking up or is that normal?
Got kinda upset so I went for an adventure and got yummy food and now I'm good
Congrats to 's soon to be new Washington DC office! More &amp; national attention to a inclusive economy
Shit she's gonna get a fat lip
It's not even that serious -.- but w.e
I know it wouldn't be such a great message to start turn show with Move That Dope.. but I'd love it. Isn't that what matters
nvm they're crusty
The captain scoreessss... -_^\nHolaaaaaa!!! :p\n2-1
I know white privilege exists but I thought my talent &amp; education could overcome it so that *I* could succeed
Donovan where you at? Oh wait... You're at home
Who's tryna go to AC next Saturday to see with me I'm bouta get tickets
The Wobble: all around good clean. Takes a while so not good for this watching their water bill closely.
Wishful, I guess I never was.
Oh lord thank you for not ruining Bray Wyatt's theme song.
I dont want to go to Aptos
Who lives in San Francisco that wants to hangout rn lmao
Every time I fuck him I say \"who's is it\"
Idgaf if you're ordering an chai tea latte with no sweetner and 4 spleandas, over ice, with soy\nSAY THE FUCKING SIZE FIRST!!!!
After watching the bachelorette with my mom I now remember why I stopped watching it 4 years ago
The best way to get into parties is to offer to do the dishes.
There's no place I'd rather be.
Dinner is done. Time to go home.
In a world where her own mother would rather crush her dreams than raise them
1-1 come on you can do this
Have to think those three first inning runs will be all the need with Clayton Kershaw on the bump.
Batali &amp; Bastianich Hospitality Group's talks to us Hack\/\/Dining about the patchwork of regulations in food
30 seconds? Lol
She's a cunt &amp; I get grays but I love her cunty ass.
Now that's it's 2014, Gangnam Style seems kinda fucked up
I can't stomach seeing Norris get hit one more time. It's too much. Back swings are terrifying.
Worst pain ive ever felt
Sighh I hate how my grl feeling RN
My mom got hot bc she got knocked up, idk man im getting tired of the ass-less life
Lady 1: What time is it?\nLady 2: 2:40\nLady 1: It is not you stupid lying son of a b***h.\n\nA little harsh, no?
Hoping the North Beach library still has the Samuel Beckett \"Waiting for Good Dough\" poster because it is the best.
Almost ran into a wall thanks to my phone addiction
What's better than 48 free protein bars? 48 expired protein bars!
Two things I want to do before I get too old for this \"young people shit\" is \n1)see a live concert \n2) see play
Le entro por debajo de las nalguitas!!!
omg I love jokes \"I was going to tell a sodium and hydrogen joke, but NaH\"
The last time I saw him was a month before he died \nMy birthday weekend
They say love is clear to see
S\/O to the for these tix tonight!
\"Do you wanna go to a club and suck some dicks tonight?\" -casual convo between me and Erin
Is on the prize
i came home expectIng to get work done but instead i fell asleep
Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.
Was Osama bin Laden in goal today for IRAN if so hell of a goalie
Elliott Wilson has no chill right now and it's crazy
??? What is it??
The Heat's best days may be behind them! Wade's get older and Bosch is overrated!
Fuck everyone who favorited and retweeted sauls tweet
why do people feel the need to post their regents scores on social media
SCOTUS is the most reactionary inst. in us politics- and always has been- consis. tries to thwart the promise and ideals of founding docu.
Dood this new one with the homie Dustin is like that ghetto UK shit and that groove for real maybe
Oh yeah. I don't know if I should go to the beach before or after the vacation?
So is this going to be a boring Friday night or is something going to happen
As rain falls equally on the just and the unjust, do not burden your heart with judgments but rain your kindness equally on all.\n\n--Buddha
JONES YOU DIRTY DOG!!!!
I guess I should tie both my shoes before I go into the google offices.
Mientras tanto viendo American Ninja Warrior en la ... No tenes titulo loco...
Only day three of msub and it's already way better than SA at unr
I need to stop pushing pause
On my way to the east side to go get this money!
Can't wait to be home.
Actually really love having a full on conversation with someone, it's casual
I should not be awake right now..
Can't wait for camp need to get everything off my mind
\": Love never leaves, people do.\" That's why when we reconnect after yrs of absence, we're reminded of the love. &amp;light
I don't know what I would do without electricity.... When it goes out everything gets put into perspective.
\"Bitch you showed up for like 30 seconds to mars\"\n\nMy friends and I make no fucking sense
We didn't use air freshener in my house growing up so I still have trouble applying it to a room without getting it on myself
jhene has been bae since 7th grade
Comedy Central should come out with a channel that has only random stand up comedy 24\/7
That new video \"Foreign\" is insane &amp; the broads in there omg
Ghana's uniforms look dope
Think I'm going to get extra dark this summer from waiting\/taking the bus.
I will become yours &amp; you will become mine
Tiny little bugs that u can barely see freak me out
When you get things off your chest &gt;&gt;&gt;
It be the same people that're criticizing or telling you something, that don't see where they standing at in life
About to lose, and they still can't shut the fuck up about the Heat. Good lord, HOW ABOUT SOME PRAISE FOR SAN ANTONIO?!?!
\"I may be a Dandy sir. And I may snicker at the word Doodle. But a Yankee...I think not.\" If were a gay man.
Never again will I ever take a bus to NY so help me God
It's starting to get light out
Damn Houston setting up to get LeBron or Melo.
I hate it when I change my background for twitter it's takes forever
Wtf can it just stay sunny
Welp that didn't go as planned, home for the weekend someone smoke with me
I wanna do my senior pictures soon so I can take pics with Dallas while he's still here.
Does anyone else ever just randomly feel a cold breeze
y did I look like that
I have no sympathy for people who throw pity parties for themselves
Don't let Gullit bench Shearer!! \": A warm welcome to an old friend. Alongside &amp; Alan Shearer is \"
Lindt truffles are made from JESUS
.right, so since she did not bow down to you like a \"good girl\" you turned on her. That says sooo much to your personality disorder
\"You're the best\"\n\"I know I am, you ain't gotta tell me\"
I NEED TO BE DRUNK RN
Day drinking is the absolute worst lol
LOL THIS IS RIDICULOUS....JUST UP FOR NO REASON...
I told ya the Ghana lose!!
Today is gonna be a great day!
The Spurs were unstoppable this series
I wish I wish I wish
What are you waiting for? Take a bite of my heart tonight
That was an unbelievable keep rewinding it
I just wanna see some fireworks yo
Goooooaaalll! up 2-1 over Portugal!
John Adams marathon on HBO2 starts at 11:15am. Great show to get perspective of what the founding fathers went through to celebrate this day
He's too cool for his own shoes
I'm a cat.
A question of space. A matter of time. I'll follow the stars until the first light
how could bey not win......the fuck
Next person to tip me under a dollar is getting their house egged
My window at home got bars on it so ain't no sneaking in
anyone know how to crack the pdanet+ limited usage :\/
That moment when your mom records you singing and doesn't tell you until before she leaves the house... Ugh! She refused to delete it
I love my tats don't get me wrong but some days I wish I didn't have any.
ps, not about my relationship. lololol
O wonder whats my baby brother doin
dear any nyc friend that wants 2 see me before i go. im headed to barrio chino in 15 minutes and im out at 115 from there.
motivation for my day, tonight at
I told myself I'd go to bed at a reasonable time
Lmfao Lebrons face tho!!!
You (so called prophets of God) have not gone up into the breaks, nor built a wall around the house of Israel...
if people think they 'Run Logan' now then my all means go for it. Logan's a gay ass school anyways lmao.
Choose who you decide to spend a day making choreg with wisely.
FUCK THE HEAT
&amp; = &amp;
Does everyone be at 17th everyday? Damn give that shit a break
I did not miss mosquito bites one bit
You repay her by DISRESPECTING HER? You deserve it get SPIT ON &amp; straight bitch SLAPPPED!
Finals this week makes me wanna cry
People idolize certain individuals of their physical appearance or social status..not bc of where they've been and where they're at now. Smh
The romance of New York summertime
Shawty looks like Captain America
Last night in . Think I'll treat myself to another Shake Shack burger before I go...
She ain't appreciate how I treated her she just appreciated the things I did 4 her and its ok cuz she is yung eventually she look back &amp; C
Deep conversations with uncle Bryce about the alcoholism &amp; addiction gene that runs in our family
\n\nIf thou love someone let them go\nIf they comeback you better DUCK REAL LOW
I got one foot in the cradle and the other in the grave
Hell fucking yes!
Mi eye a run watah grabba tsunami
There are fire trucks outside my building. Im........alarmed
Gay men are the most fashionable people out there and theres no denying that
why does my cars AC smell like onions
My mom bought a light up phone charger. Oh my
Me alegro \": Biien de biien Grx a Dios Negra' :3\"
If global warming was going to flood the world\nDose that mean now that ice is forming at a record pace\nWe are going to run out of water ?
MC not tired of always announcing shit at the awards ?
MJ songs have been stuck in my head all day.
Gucci + Migos = Instant Slaps
Sometimes it's not who we always text, but who texts you... Knowing there's something wrong...
I have plans on a Friday night. Whaaaa ?
I honestly wish y'all would stop fucking using emojis instead of words and writing paragraphs that are basic just like y'all
I just had the balls to do it
Is \"Orange is the New Black\" worth watching?
It's not my fault your a Fuck boy
\"did you ever think you were an animal hoarder?\" \"I know I'm an animal lover\"
A bit ride would be really nice right now
In one week, Miami's big three has to choose to opt out or opt in to the final year of their contract. They'll all opt out, no matter what.
OMG lmao I love Malia! She's just like Peter! XD
I go to my dad's house &amp; he has a new escalade &amp; a patio now, weird
i just wanna see one preview of the next season of the walking dead.
Bullshit, he's still a
\"Vacoom, can eat and yell at the same time .
nossa eu tinha 999 amigos no orkut e 999 comunidades
Kidd does a mediocre job his first year and nigga wants to run the team the next year .. Can't wait till he comes back to brooklyn
This is the MTA ride from hell.
jacob whitesides is good anytime
FUCK THAT FEELS GOOD
k I'm pretty turnt, driving home is going to be a mission
I don't wanna hear no BS outta you're going to the bonfire Friday. Final answer
If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll keep getting what you're getting!
My favorite man is still holding up on the bachelorette!!
June 24th 1:00 . Prom day
Good sign matt cains in for a good day!
Craziest road trip of my life but we made it
Be in sweats n tees jus stashing money ..
&amp; Vise Versa RT : RT : Women Be Lonely But Never Alone
I hate when people read my message and don't reply for dayssss
Guy:I was gonna tell you a joke about my dick but it's too long. GIRL:I was gonna tell you a joke about my vagina but you won't get it.
Yall know any guy that is an asshole to everyone else except his girl? Like really know someone like that?
They did it!!! I've never been more proud to be a Commodore
That moment when you decide to go explore a city at 11 o'clock at night...
Now I can say it feel like home after that soccer
so hype for tomorrows game who tryna have a party for the colombia vs uruguay game
Could not be more AMPTED for the new album!!! on my ears all damn day.
Pissed I missed the Argentina game
Angel Di Maria is just too silky.
This was probably the worst news I've heard in a while!
Hooked up an Xbox 360 controller to my iMac so I can play platformers. Super Meat Boy is my kind of game! Love it.
Walking home from a run and I notice my reflection in a store window. Caught myself criticizing my stomach. Stop that Maggie.
Success! Great kitesurf session, super outfit at Supperclub, finally met in meat space with an added bonus of meeting
Dammit Matt Cain, I like the new guy though
We are one!
Fuck got Jameson in my nose
When you're having a great hair day but have nowhere to go.
How could you do that man
Gabby Wilson is an okay singer but she was killing it on the guitar.
Why do the Rays continue to be a thing? Nobody likes them, nobody cares about them, let's just all get on with our lives
GONNA MAKE SMOOTHIES YAY FOR BEING HEALTHY
The amount of work that will get done on this flight: absolutely ZERO.
I told my sister to call my mom to bring me water. My mom got mad lmao
You got it bad when you're out with someone but you keep on thinking about somebody else.
Lmao the fuckeryy i see when i come on here
Japanese food always makes me feel 1000x better
Going to bed at 4AM last night and being at work now is not a good mixture.
Good thing the USA scored early or this would be realllllly bad.
As anticipated, flt was cancelled. Will try again tomorrow.
I have to stand waiting for the bus to get to work, where I'll also be standing for a while. Didn't plan to lose energy before getting there
Ice man, looks like my kind of movie
Wide awake chem regents in 7 hours but I oh wait I don't care
\"You will gorge yourself on the flesh of every animal except one -- why John? Because you are afraid. Afraid of what you really are...\"
So yeah, both teams make 8 of 9 pk's, stay even for 120 minutes, and one team is knocked out of the tournament.
I'm always nervous I use the wrong emojis cuz my emojis are different than Iphones
I'm so fed up I just don't even want to talk to you anyways.
I JUST CRACKED MY PHONE BRB GONNA KMS
Let's do it, and keep it on the low.
Get the hit to get out of my life....thx
I can't get over the fact that my sister likes skrillex. She's a preschool teacher lol
Manu the gaucho
Barry Allen? Wait a second... Oh!
\": These dudes lookin 100x flyer than the bitches they fuckin\" be like that sometimes
this movie is pretty good, not gonna lie.
I love that every presentation talks about the number of contributors they have. There's definitely a community here.
We all have a morbid curiosity we can't admit to
Unu Disgust Mi Bloodclaat WTF THE MAN AGUH DUH WID A 20 POINT LEAD and Have Half The Points STFU YOW.. DAMN HYPOCRITE
Low key rooting for Ghana.
Cara Marie your a beast !
One can be placeless but not placeful; playful but not playless. The slant of language.
More time for selfies. . . Jk
\": legit not one minute of sleep\"
Listening to that new trey songz album.
You can throw a football but you can't read?
IM WOKE EVEN WHEN IM SLEEP
Tolerare a quien sea menos al intolerante.
1-0!!!!! USA !!!!!!!!!!!!
Tired if hearing baby imma do it right
\"I built up the courage to tell her that I love her. She replied I love you too.....as a brother\"
I actually think my insides are boiling because of how hot my body is right now
I can't open my fan account so sorry
I've never been more frustrated than I am right now.
Lulu and Nis are so inspirational today
That last tweet didn't even make that much sense. \n\nMy brain doesn't make sense.
Taking out for her first legal drink.
Someone swoop on thursday to the beach
I can feel all my friends from middle school forgeting me and high school hasn't even started yet..
Alright I need some ppl to go to pride w
sometimes its nice to have people that actually understand you
who just said that what tht was gay
\": October 28, 2010 &amp; June 26, 2013 were the one of the best days of my life because I saw Justin live\"
Oh my god, I hate Andi. She's the worst. \"Stoooop it\"
Last night was pretty sweet, glad I got to see my uconn buds
I've gained 14lbs since I quit smoking holy shit
Gino Marley - Raised In The Streets [Mixtape]
Someone Around Here Is Getting Turnt Tonight . \nAll I Hear Is Drunk In Love Being Played . Lol
2 Mixtape Series that never left the iPhone playlist...Mood Muzik &amp; Soul Tape ...still surviving
I love my family
This catfished shit is that white ppl shit .
Filipinos are by far the loudest group of Asians... (I.e. my Mom and her medical school friends)
(1\/2) Lyrically, she's at her best when she presents early-twenties angst mixed with the otherworldly problems that come with fame.
This isn't the Rockettes you don't need to kick that high
tell her shut the fuck up cos she killin my high
A random guy bought my food yesterday at the Mexican restaurant that was pretty dope of him
Buzz I gotta pee so fucking bad
SAMOK JD OY. PCEER UGMA FAK
I think showing the 3 for UVa as a nat'l seed and nothing for Vandy is misleading. We were both regional hosts. I wouldn't show anything.
Once you've been depressed it's so easy to find comfort in your depression once again
.' transformation into some sort of RPG spambot happened so subtly none of us noticed until it was too late
I don't even know why I follow you. You annoy me.
just sprayed my room with a massive amount of bug spray
The blood of Jesus gives believers the power to resist sin, temptation or anything else that is unlike God!!
I gotta problem yo'\nI was ecstatic to buy Yeezus\nBut I burned it first\nHeard it and snapped in 5 pieces- hopsin
Missionaries at the airport are more helpful than the people who work here.
I need to get out of bed
CANNOT BELIEVE THAT JUST HAPPENED
Its clear that when Andi says someone \"is a maaan\" she is saying he turns her on
It's ignore taylor day
Chipotle's guac is really top 5
Summers in the air and baby, heavens in your eyes
You were literally the one thing in the way of our friendship and that's so irritating to realize
my parents purposely named me Taryn so people couldn't shorten it \/ give me a nickname, but well mom &amp; dad.. high school proved you failed
I'm gonna make myself some Chinese frozen dinner thing. Almost as good as the read deal
If you think you've won bc you've done something awful,ur wrong.Ur just horrible people.When has it ever been cool to purposely hurt people?
Absolutely buzzing for the USA game tomorrow
I feel like preaching today but nah i aint tryna get into all that
70' NYAC with the counter attack but it is cleared out of play by Brooklyn. Excellent hustle by defender Jean Leveille
Just got home. Thanks for flaking on me, guys.
If I can see your cellulite through your pants, maybe that's a sign from God to get new pants?
Little by little out cultures clashed \/\nAnd I knew in my heart this wouldn't last
Yeah I know I see all the fans he meets I'm sad :(
This time of night I could call you up id get angry with athletic ease break common laws in two's and three's.
There's gotta be something to do tonight
\"Wait, when I get older I'm going to make a milkshake restaurant and call it The Yard. Think about it...\" -Jason
lol I got the worst tan line from this trip
Twitter gon break
Just kidding. Lmfao
that was the hardest thing to go through with my family... but we have to keep are heads up and keep on going... RIP scott we love you
I wanna go on a run but idk my mom might accuse me of sneaking out again
Fantasy draft in T-minus 14 minutes
And to think next year , it'll be official that the series is finished ...
I seriously can't stay mad, people behave as they are encouraged to... and I encourage myself to be a force of overwhelming happiness
My \"California stops\" are starting to get pretty bad...
Happy birthday stay golden my guyzerssss
Who's excited for debut on PPV tonight? starts in half hour. Hope you're all supporting
I am such a tired girl
Dear mom and dad: not all Asian males look like my boyfriend.
this Southern Comfort commercial could only be more annoying if Pitbull was the bartender.
I know I fucked up but if you make a joke to me I PROMISE you I'm rocking you in the fucking jaw
So do I start drinking now or in a hour hmmm that's the question everyday! At this time lol
Josh is my favorite one in the family and he's not even actually part of the family
cheyenne is so pretty like can i have her face
Lol why isn't the Wendy's guy talking to me in the drive thru!!\n\nI guess Taco Bell it is
Let's beat her up I know where she lives and her family
It had been so long since I tweeted..
I spend way too much money on food
There's one friend that you will do a favor for and not hold them for it
Damn tonight had been absolutely crazy
My dad is a contractor for oceanic warfare systems, but he is no pilot. Cole's dad is a pilot.
I'm sorry, but if you think Screamo is music, there's is something wrong with you
I really watch college baseball all day
nobody I hate more than Dave Grohl
putain jsuis a la salle friday legz day j ai peur ... apres jvais capter la siantox mais elle meme pas de wifi triste
Damn dukes even coming at the heat haha shut up mom
Retweet if you see your idol:\nCena\nOrton\nBray Wyatt\nSeth Rollins\nDean Ambrose\nRoman Reigns\nCesaro\nSheamus\nPaige\nDaniel Bryan\nNikki Bella
Niggas think having 200$ is having a lot of money smh
I just need someone there that's gonna tell me everything will be alright...
Rather then penalty kicks, FIFA should consider settling games by foosball. It's more like futbal.
I'm the youngest person at this stupid bar...they ID'ed Harrison but not me and I AM THE YOUNGER ONE
K I just got woken up to Kj smacking me in the face
Still can't believe I crashed into a fucking tree
you ain't tweeting but I know you be on twitter everyday though
Mom- gabby has a beauty mark that looks like poo on her finger\" ...
I wish everyone knew that you're never gonna find your husband\/wife on twitter or instagram.
That's a start
He hit that rather well.
whenever i'm in a bad mood i watch keeping up with the kardashians and i feel a lot better
Happy every day knowing i live in the best country in the world
I wish I could rap. Or even make music. I would tell the world what's on my mind, I just wanna share my story.
Now you gotta slouch \": the curse of being a tall girl.\"
Understand the difference between a compliment and intentions.
David &amp; Ted r heroes &amp; a perfect example how people with opposite political views can work together when something is right NOH8
The bend on that goal USA USA
It's overly annoying when everyone you know says one thing and does another
Why am I being forced to go to Florida fuckkkku
Somebody come braid my hair so I can put my weave in
Just worked up the strength to walk up the stairs to my bed
mom stfu you always mad damn
HOLY SHIT! JERMAINE JONES!
You've got me at a comfy stop.
I'm glad I knew I was star before anyone else did . . \ncause i'd probably be right where everyone else is
From the girl that gave you soup and tied your shoes when you were hurting, you are not deserving you are not deserving
7 lak IDPs (humans)of Pakistan (NWA) funds= 50 crore. One km of ISB Metro bus(nobody needs it) = 1.30 billion Rs Justice? Democracy?
I Wonder What Its Like To Be Ugly.
Tried at today for the first time and holy crap! Idk if I like it yet or not haha Never used a tingler.
Imagine if I get one tho ... I swear it's over
I'm fuckin bored. And laying down drunk already.. I'm fucccckkkkeeeedddd uuuupppp
Haha this is going to be hella tight!!
Wish i didnt delete your number because its important yet you still wont answer me
Im the only one who get the job done
We in dis like bisquick
The heat are getting more sports center attention even though they lost..
&amp; everything I just said is getting RT'd, cause that's some real shit.
is the way to end a perfect ! !
Join us 6\/24 in at 2935 Angus Street. 11-2. Listed for $1,195,000. Beautiful 3+2 Traditional home. Ivanhoe Elem. Yard
go ahead rip my heart out\nif you think thats what love's all about
I really cannot stand my family sometimes... Ya our cousins gay GET OVER IT!!
Congrats to on a 17th place finish at his first US National 10k road Champs! 12 seconds away from top 12!
First chance I get, I'm dragging elias to some random island foreverrrrr
Penalty kicks...Not looking too good Greece
Sooooooo some guy just got shot in my front yard ... So yeah that happened right now
Jeff's driving is too much for me rn I can't deal
Today already fucking blows and it's only been here for 10 mintes
Legit starving and craving for pita pan
Chipotle . Take data from cool interactions that can be used to make better decisions
Ik u could feel the movement
Getting Donavon and Frank as drunk as possible tonight so they don't win the Wiffleball tourney tomorrow
Hate how my stereo doesn't go as loud as my dads so we constantly have competition
Why can I be iggy azalea
The PB Teen catalogs always make me angry because no dorm room actually looks like that.
So now that the Greek soccer team is out of the World Cup, can they come be my pool boys? I pay in love &amp; Yiayia's baklava
Honestly want to go back to Georgia just because there's a chik-Fil-a across the street from campus
What's the greatest chapter in your book? Are there pages where it hurts to look? What's the one regret you can't work through?
Clone Dance Party. Aww.
ilysm cam! (:
Ima go back to sleep in a min
Why do I feel that every woman who wears raw denim have fat asses?
How dare thou snap chat thee.
37 seconds in and the USA scores!!!
dear slim I wrote you but you still ain't callin
That one mhmm yep there it is
Is it too hard to create an \"edit tweet\" feature for mistakes and grammatical errors.
I would just love an everything bagel from Brueggers
\": Your boyfriend should treat you like his princess not like his bitch.\"
She got me up all nite, all I'm singing is love songs
31 SECONDS FUCKING CLINT DEMPSEY I LOVE YOU
I'm literally laying on my mom and she's not even yelling at me
Who tf cares if we're \"all of a sudden\" soccer fans. It's the World Cup. And we're rooting for our country .
Pretty sure i wasnt suppose to get this full on cocktail hour
What're some good movies to watch on Netflix
My new room is cool and really big I have my own entrance from outside and my own bathroom and I'm all secluded from the rest of the house
Lol I totally fucked tht up xd
when i think about it jus hits me all at once ma life was way better without you
psti gra2 pms ya,dhe?! :p RT : baru ngejalanin puasa.hhe\"
GGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLL ! Jermaine Jones first World Cup goal! 1-1.
I mean I really fucking hate repeating myself
My sister just threw a bag of Italian bread at my head.. Wtf
My car smells like beer? I don't even drink that
On all honesty if I had shit handed to me I wouldnt appreciate shit.. So I get my bitchass up and earn what I need for me and my family !
this my last night for a while, everybody better get to Kevin's.
Niggas gon ask me wild question and ya know what I'm going to say? \"I don't know who that is, it aint none of my bizness, where my Redbull?\"
EDC was the best, Can HARD top it??
You never hear the end of shit in this fam
HOW DO THEY END THE SEASON LIKE THAT
He was gonna miss that even if the goalie didn't block it... Lol
Furthest thing from a morning person
Holy fuck that was so fast
Willcam Homes Business Planning meeting at
You're awesome, =)
I'm about to be fucked up tonight
Lookin like the fat chick in Mulan that got the tea spilled all over her
The best thing that happens at work is when that one camp counselor yells \"OUT OF THE POOOLLLLL!\"
Varela knows how to cross that is good
Jermaine ties the game at 1!!! The are tied with at 1.
Don't let em see you weak
Did Bochy get kicked out?
One goal for USA in the first 35 seconds
Wish I got the wtkd 6s
So sick of waking up at 6:30 still
Idk why ppl get meaningless tattoos
Begging god to rid my head of every word you've ever spoken
OMFG Vickie Guerrero is coming out to Eddie Guerreros theme song omg. Nostalgia
Lebron to the knicks
shld rlly hmu like he used too.
If u are in the Scottsdale area this weekend go see my friend John he is awsome.!!!
I texted Hannah and told her I miss her and she never replied...
Nothing I hate more than a guy that gossips
Big oversight to omit the State Bar Sections as an option in the 's Best 2014 Poll.
My family is unnecessary why do we need 4 dj? Why?
I hate bitches who think they know me, like bitch you don't know me lol
Dont these so called prophets of God know what time it is on the eternal calendar of God?!?!?
Martrese had to pulp out the rihanna card
anybody wanna do me a solid ??
I can't wait to be asleep
CRYING BECAUSE IT COST $80 TO FILL UP MY MUM'S CAR \nWHAT THE DUCK CALIFORNIA GAS PRICES
STOP OPENING MY SNAPCHATS IF YOURE NOT GONNA ANSWER
Started out as friends but I knew that we would want more
Im sprung , got me doing things ill never do
I got this bitch number and I didn't need it
I was pumping like fucking John cena
Mom, is it okay if I throw gang signs out the window
I would give u the shirt off my back n u pull some shit like dis. Go away
I had a good day so far besides the Tropicana bms
Man of the match is graham zusi
Thinking more at night, and I really don't think I can do it much longer.
I want ice creammmm and a foot massage and honey BBQ boneless wings DAMNIT
I've been tryna leave manhattan for over an hour now and I'm just reaching 207 smh
Do i get off my lazy ass and ride my bike to the beach
Cuz what's real is something that the eyes can't see, what the hands can't touch
living your life without. It's time folks learn the difference.
We got no food, we got no jobs, ARE PETS HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!
Drinking whiskey, she likes vodka strong
just got off the phone with one of the best artist of dominican republic,
im marry just so yall kno
When half your finger nail ripped off last night
Can we get freaky all day all night get it
I'm gonna do what every American should do today...Get shitfaced and possibly go streaking chanting USA!
Bruh me and Gilbert stay playing the yellow\/bug car game. lol
i wanna go to sleep but i can't.
We got 'Honkbal Hoofdklasse' is a story last year. RT: \"The Dutch word for soccer is not \"honkfoot,\" except in my mind \"
Solo te puedo decir q te amo !! Y que toda mi vida estaras en mi corazon
U S MUTHAFUCKIN A
My neck is so fucked up beacuse I slept with no pillow
It's definitely week. Just flipped on tv, American Graffiti was on was behind the bar.
I got some video an pictures of love died laughing and I filled out half of my music business stuff... I missed a chance to play but...
I'm only on twitter when I'm in class ..
YESSSSSSS DEMPSEYYYYYYY I LOVE YOU
I don't want to miss a thing baby ..
Some bitches is just so petty like wtf
So who is having the banger?
- I don't need u ! i still want u!
Tony Parker is like a worm
..sometimes I just wanna run away and don't look back... Lol okay I'm carrying sounding like a big ass kid bout running away but really thou
Dentists appointments rank just shy of Judgement Day in my book.
Every time I watch sister wives, I sit here dumbfounded and some of the shit this guy says
I want some sushi, tacos, a burrito and a root beer float.
Ask any of my friends, I am the last person to follow , but these matches just keep getting better &amp; better!
My dad got that kim\/kanye wedding cake
'i dnt care about losing ppl tht dnt want to be in my life anymore, i've lost ppl that have meant the world to me and i'm doing just fine'
EdcLive makes me :(
I'm going to Berkeley with a guy who loves purity ring and I just met last night HA
Why all these niggas look like bums at the bet awards
Its hard to pick my favorite drake song, he has too many good ones!!!
I swear there's so much on my mind I should write a book
Woke up cause I had to tweet this thought that came to me randomly in 's voice okay are you ready? See next tweet.
Stoked my boy is gunna be at my graduation
We better together then further apart so darling dont go breaking my heart
Just spanked my shit now I can't sleep
And I'm eating all her daughters food
Finally!!!! I'M AN AUNT AND A GODMOTHER!!! :) :) :) :) :)
I think I lost my key... Good thing they have great customer service and it will not take about 3 months to replace.
Man this guy is legit like a big brother to me and he talks to me more than my real brother...
My pillow be like \"You give me head I give you sleep.\"
Didn't realize pharrell had ugg boots on lol
Who do I call to make 4th of July = the 1st Thursday of every July? We can rebrand it and everything
someone chill with me and lauren
YO GIRLFRIEND LOON LIKE MY MOM
KSJC 260717Z AUTO 00000KT 10SM SCT017 18\/14 A2997 RMK AO2
I never thought that I would feel sorry for someone over a broken broomstick.
I feel like once I master knitting, I will be able to take on needlepoint
thx for letting me get 2 hrs of sleep dobby I appreciate it
I don't make any effort in talking to you please do yourself a favor and leave me alone
My snaps are so funny if you don't snapchat me your missing out lemme tell you
guys. holy fuck. never buy a bong.
love that i can tell ash to sleep over and drink some wine
I learn more by talking to the elders in my life than I have in my whole time in school
Another floater another finish
Its really sad when someone who genuinely loves you wants to be with you but the feeling isn't mutual
On the beach just put me on hold with jack Johnson music I'm so done
Score America. Earliest USA goal ever in us history
Wow I just hurt myself with my own words...ouch
Lily won so much stuff at post grad
to tell someone after the first date you don't want to see them again via text ?
France schools only have a month off school
Bout to ask my mom to braid my hair
I've never seen anyone struggle at ordering ice cream than Steve Ferraro
My mom is so adorbs, she's starting to feel like I'm leaving. She didn't realize it was Wednesday already.
I feel like my parents car is now mine and they just borrow it time to time
Wishing I had more friends down for whatever.
My time is way too precious for these ratchets.
Starin at this fiiiiiiiine ass gentleman in his mid 40's.....-mature twitter
30 seconds 30 fucking seconds
Welp it's a good thing there's service at this subway station that we're held up at
Damn all my mom's boyfriend does is bitch
this is what I get for taking a nap lmao
Thomas Frank of course is more than happy to tell you what your interests are, meaning others are not reliable guides.
17 DIAS PRA EU VER A BEYONce porraaaaakdkakdkakdkakskakska IVE BEEN drinking ive been drinking
Ok, guess I'll nap for a bit. Hopefully someone wants to go to the movies tonight (for free). Just let me know...
You better have my money when i come to collect.
Such a good game!
Best Wednesday I've had in a really long time.
\"I hope the did Derek and that he goes home and he's happy.\" has only seen one episode but he's catching on.
Still like Can you hit OVO goose on?
What a move!
It better be fucking raining in Philly and it better rain all fucking day bc I'll be stuck at work so fuck you
someone take me out of this damn house please
If the movie \"The Interview\" comes out North Korea will retaliate on us....
Love and hiphop gmt none of them make hits stfuuuu yall all wackkkk
The Sunday night dilemma: it's still the weekend but I have to work tomorrow.
I'm just noticing that I'm in a competition with for picking who's gonna get drafted
Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius the Movie is on. I love this movie.
Blair waiting to accomplish her goals in order to be with Chuck is the most idiotic\/unbelievable\/irrational thing ever
The season of idiots wearing pastels to make it look like they are going to the Hamptons has begun.
Yeah I'm not gonna text that chick back. Just found out shes a hardcore druggie.
And now the girl from Cory in the House just retweeted me, followed me, and liked my tweet. So, we're in love now right?
name your favorite ab soul song
Can everyone just see how much fun I have on Twitter???!!;)
\"I think I'll just go out and dance and I'll throw up later\" words of a true sick dancer. Lol
It's much easier to forget about a stressful day at work when the sun is still shining and it's 80 degrees at 8pm
lets see what life has ahead alwayz gotta keep ma head up
Definitely the worst possible way to be woken up ugh
Ver a demetria en vestido entre otro orgasmos
we wont judge you by the way you dress, but try wear a bikini to a job interview
You can't not buy gushers when they are 2 for $3
Our parents taught us never to talk to strangers.... \n\nTwitter blew that shit right up...
81 on the Italian regent.... Does that make me dumb?
Fuck it, no ones talking to me therefore I'm gonna sleep again (:
Walking to the woods behind my house alone because no one wants to go with me bye
I mean I've seen a couple of lil dicks lmao they got pride in they shit &amp; I like that in a nigga so I fucks w y'all lil dick ass niggas.
Now that Stacy reminded me of skunks. That reminds me of last year of camping.
\"And I wish I was a sailor so I could know just how to trust, maybe I could bring some grace back home to the dryland for all of us.\"
Anberlin's one of the most under rated bands ever
Getting my hopes up once again
All I want to do is see you today
Me dices si te hizo efecto xd
Wealth &gt; Looks &gt; Personality.
Got offered a postion to be an assistant project manger for the company im contracted too noe.... but I don't wanna give up being a glazier
Happy Father's Day to the coolest dad
Oh yay we scored. Go soccer...woo.
What la fuck Croatia this is supposed to be the time for goals here just let Mexico do all the work
The humidity messed up my hair... Not trying to be seen
not everything is about you. lol
A year ago today we got kicked out of foxwoods for rolling Keith down a parking garage in a wheelchair
Man I just want to go home &amp; eat ice cream
Anthonys spends the night at my house so much he has his own toothbrush here lol
Today's one of those rare Mondays that was stress free and kinda chill. Just listened to music while plugging away at layouts.
Why can't things be more straightforward
I just miss you , that's all .
I'm gonna need to spend about 8 days straight with my friends after this famil vacation bc I'm losing my mind
I'm gonna love you, until you hate me.
YES YES YES OMIGOD YES
Eminems verse on dead wrong always makes me feel like shanking someone prison yard style
New York airport is so packed.
When your dancing at a party and everyone stares like they've never seen dancing before...look the fuck away I'll kill you
Mouse pad stop working tried everything
That ape fooled me too bruh
I wanna watch this game but idk if i could take the pressure lol
Someone take me to see The Fault in Our Stars
Why did my face have to get sunburned yesterday.
Buy me a VIP jack and jack ticket to sf bc I'm broke
My sleep schedule is so fucked up
Let's go U.S.A
I am not your safety net. Either jump or climb back down the ladder, clown.
May you be blessed to attend more weddings than funerals.
I Literally Saw Like 4 Times Today @ Jack In The Box. Lmao
My Dad's obsessed with Kerry Washington
RBI groundout by Jeter and we're all tied up! Now tack on some more runs, please.
Only if my brother would leave too....
When people ask me wht there is 2 do around my house I just look at them&amp;think its Angola idk what 2 tell you other than absolutely nothing
Nothing is better than when you realize you fit into somewhere that you thought you didn't belong.
I just want to move to the bayou and hunt gators
I want things to go back to how they were
See you next year lib festival electric forest and EDC
Ciara bettah watch out , homeqirl gott some moves.
Was that manu
Dulaglutida a 52 semanas controla HbA1c vs Glargina: no inferior a 0.75 mg y superior a 1.5 mg. Tb mejora el perfil a 7 puntos.
Shit is not all that; I mean it got a great view y ya.
it's even worse when people that you barely like think that you're good friends.
.. A cold beer. This week, man, this week required it.
y have i still not seen the fault in our stars??
Beyond happy for Carly Blaney! This NJ girl made it to the top 20! Can't wait to see her dance again and again!
Crashing to bed right away. No time for casein.
Funny how we try to move on and at the same time hold on
He's still got it, with music, at the best venue in NYC. Forgot how smelly the sidewalk trash was earlier today.
I have the worst luck ever.
if you don't know who Mac Dre is
Doin stupid shit and getting a laugh with ur friends, that's the real little shit.
Vin diesels man boobs are probably bigger than mine
I keep writing really intense emails to Jewish celebs asking why they aren't bringing awareness to
Yo someone come swoop me where ever my location says I'm at. I don't like this car
Whoa callie has a sister whaaaaa
baby we should hit the south of france
Well that was a waste of my time
trynna have a badass senior year tbh
I feel like Eto'o may step it up in he 2nd half.
They need to make hats in sizes. One size does not fit all when you have a small head.
Girl: Yo dick little \n\nBoy: Your vagina to deep
just realized how long it's been since scream singing to three loco...goodbye youth...
When I get bored I watch kanye short film
Ma 9 is my side chick!
It's amazing how little I care about things like shopping, dining, and nightlife.
Just saying!!\" natural good humor can produce jokes that offend others unintentionally. If you are very sensitive stay away.\"
Just booked me and tickets for in August!!! Super excited!!!!!
Badness a the only thing me know give thanks for music
Hella mentioned your bike you dumb bop
my summer is going to so busy but it'll be all worth it in the end.
\": Twitter gone be turnt tonight\" Twitter already turnt
snapchat me and my boys won't jump you if you visit germany
Reading the comments\/replies to any post is something I should never do. Again. Anymore.
WHERES THE BEAN
Shout out to the ppl that have that.
.many believe Starship was singularly responsible for the Great Hairspray Shortage of the mid-1980s.
is about to wrap it up
\"favorite for a subtweet\" is just the cool kids version of \"lms for a truth is\"
I have to open tomorrow. I hate opening for all of 5 minutes after I wake up. And then I love it.
You hella op just don't even worry bout it you won't waist no more
I stay to myself for a reason
I tell myself not to errday. But I forgett And go on wit it
Lasting a whole shift with is impossible
Fries mozzeralla sticks ice cream and candy. Prom diet 2014
If you text back fast ily
Timehop makes me hate my life
i lost a lot of friends and they aint even dead
Un mensage de cada equipo contra el racismo
About to get my yoga on!
Penelope Disick is the cutest little thing
Didn't knowTeddy Roosevelt was there!
It's about time I get to use these free movie screenings.
\"would you guys ever do anal?\" WTF GO TO SLEEP!\nWHY DO I HAVE WEIRD FRIENDS?!
Why isn't there a Trader Joe's anywhere close by?
As soon as i come back with these snacks im done for the night
The only person ever to call me by my full name is Dakotah's mom.
Good eye ref.
I don't even want to think about that feeling
Un aplauso a las personas que biene. De rd y se le olvidan ablar espa?ol,Naci aqui y siento que soy parte de rd...
Ate at a vegan restaurant for some reason...... Need meat 4 gainz now
one dab fucked me upppppp
El que yo llore no significa que sea debil,significa que MIS SENTIMIENTOS ERAN VERDAREROS.........
Lynn Swann was a bitch but he was still good.
I'm not a trophy, but I might as well have been to you.
Downside to living in a street-level apartment: there's a couple breaking up directly outside my window??
Soooooo anybody wanna be my pretend bf for the Fourth of July since all my friends will be with theirs..
If you're a pervert don't snapchat me. You're wasting my time ew.
No no not ok
Happy birthday Brycesourus love ya
Always fun to see the neighborhood in movies, i.e. and .
7268 7268 7268 plzzzzzz
Embarrased of how i practiced today..
Who's still up? I'm still up! Why? I don't fucking know!
i like main stream rap when im on acid... lmao why
My cousin spies on me with Twitter on his PS VITA
Just drove to jack in the box by myself wooah crazy
Ronaldo is still bae though
I REALLY wanna delete my Facebook but the only thing holding me back is the fact I won't know when anyone's birthdays are...
I want to burn my head after all the times my boss has touched my hair.
i hate soccer but America Fuck yeah!!!
hey me and sandy have the same birthdays AYYYEEEEEEE
I swear I can never make my mother proud
I'm in nyc and so is cameron dallas nash grier &amp; jerome hmmmm
Dead so getting in bed to watch gossip girl for the night
i just spent like an hour and half watching yaoi
Worked from 11-430, got home around 520, slept till 9.... Solid day.
Niggas be murdering tracks for no reason smh
Tamela Mann only won because Take Me To The King is the only gospel song everyone knows.
It was gonna make this summer just perfect
You cant run from any of your problems..
is love is life
Dempsey is a beast.. Pop it back and let's go!
there should never be general for an event like that's so rude you're just teasing all the general people cause they don't get to meet them
On my mind all the time
At crema! Omg I actually feel like studying right now.
wTf I just managed to punch myself in the eye while adjusting my blanket.\n\nOnly me :')
Nikki Ariana grande Jennifer Hutson and marlin Wayne's boutta be down the parkway tonight!!!
This club scene makes me miss Cancun even more
At least the US have Julian green, Chris wondolowski, and Aaron Johansson on the bench for when something like this happens
In front of my eyeballs: chickens, ducks, roosters, chipmunks, turkeys, squirrels, and a beagle all chillin.
Well, I cried quite a bit more than I expected to during How to Train Your Dragon 2. Aren't sequels supposed to be bad cash-ins?
My landlord needs to get with the program and let me know when I can move in so I can leave this shitty job! At least give a notice My GOD!
lol my last tweet made me think of miss you and your invisible bus
When I have a vision , no one can stop me from achieving it
I don't dance just came on the radio and I shit you not I cried.
Thank your Dempsey!!! The new American hero aka captain America!!!
Why would my aunt ever tuck us all in to bed tho
il supp tout les msg avec cette gow pitsaaiin
I don't know why a girl like me gets upset over guys. I don't need any guys in this little town anyway.
We're stuck in such a fucked up generation
My roommate watched BET more than me
Ahora estoy mejor con mi novio soledad :))
21 bae ilysm were hanging out this summer I swear
Fwd: Wat does \"im jc\" mean
need to find something to do
I really lost two of my bros last year.
He's 10 hahahahhahahahahha
Tim Howard is a MONSTER
I dream about the most random people ever
Oh hell no, do not even start with me
Running off about 3hrs of sleep.
Wish my bf would come rub me w this massage machine thing..
Me va a dar un infartooooooo tengo heladas las manos!!!!
Morning... HAPPY 4TH OF JULY... Donde eh el lambe?
Last day of school with my second graders!!!
I feel like una viejita: coming home and getting ready for bed -_-
Forgot my bp meds. Made 2 wrong turns. Accidentally trashed my coffee. Ordered a burrito; left with no salsa. Moody as fuck. Must be monday.
I'm gonna be on some black hippy stuff lol
Great I think I have a case of pink eye bc left contacts in my eyes
my baby lives in shades of blue
aca se pone de noche a las 9. y son las 7:50
Others are grappling with their sense of immortality, whereas I seem to be doomed to face my mortality
I'm up so early that there is no fresh\/ready coffee on Smith St
So do I skip orientation to go to the 40\/40 club tomorrow and watch play Germany?
Monica ur raping my tweets
Wow If My Teacher Let Me Hit I'm Telling Everybody &amp; They Mother
Sitting at dinner and watching the big crowd across the street getting photos with Michael C Hall from Dexter
How old do u think I am ?
The World Cup is back something I look forward to in life
I better be getting the best possible education and get hired as soon as graduate for the amount Sjc charges
Hour 2 of camp and about 7 crying kids
I like you I really do, but I rather not get played &amp; be out here looking stupid.
May I please have every color of Chucks please?
\"It's enough to make a guy flyy priiiiiivaaate!\" -
It has to be 50 degrees in my room
There are SO many things that I wish I didn't do in the past few months and this is just really annoying.
I want to get something pierced but cheer :\/\/\/\/\/\/
\": yeah keep laughing see what happens\"
I'm just waiting for this game to start
She is way too beautiful for a hat for starters. She has no reason to hide her face.
With his abs though lol
Mom im not getting up early to do yard work .... You got me fucked up
Virgin America has a rap song for their safety presentation
Attila is playing Call Out on warped, I have to watch them now.
Idk how but I'm alive
You, have always been gasoline. Stop pretending I haven't always been the match.
Walked to the mailbox &amp; back all by myself
Can't Wait For Tonight.
idk man I'm not feeling my hair anymore
The kids and teenagers were just chilling by the campfire when all of sudden like three skunks came out and we screamed running.
Hahah guess they didn't see that coming
Just hope my next girlfriend I have isn't basic and wants to hit the beach every day of the week in the summer .!!
Lately, I've been more selfish than i should be.
\"I really think it would behoove us to give it another shot\"
Don't let the world bring you down\nThere's always hope for the willing\nDon't let the world bring you down\nIt's not over you're not alone
I like how the commentators says \"Oh Dear\" with a British accent every time a player miss something.
Dang they scored we gotta answer back..
I'm gonna feel dead in the morning because of this workout
KING OF NEW YORK SEIZE THE DAY SANTA FE IM IN LOVE
Whatev good on shareef getting that money. I just feel the fool now lol
Or desperate, whichever.
There are 6 people in my bed rn.
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia\nand forget about the stupid little things, like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you
Already gotta be 21 in new york to buy tobacco..
Actually v scared bc just got actual chest pains
Vamos USA todo sea por los papeles
Jst post the bars on your Instagram with the hashtag and mention whoever you're dissing.. Whoever gets the most likes wins
I seem to misplace my remote way tooo often..
NO JOSE NO
This bitch got me so fucked up rn
She uses you over and over again, and yet you still go back to her.
Really dont wanna go back to graphics lol
I've been on the Pacific Coast Highway for too long..
Reflect: \"Tune my heart to sing thy grace; streams of mercy never ceasing, call for songs of loudest praise\"
It might be too late but I'm running anyways.
If I had boobs I would automatically get 5k followers for being a cool fat girl
wooooooowww.. why don't you just kick me in the stomach? I think that would hurt less then what you just asked me.
That's exactly the reason why I don't open up to people.
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em.
Just retweeted 15 tweets on my timeline in a row because USA
Hasta que no este a su lado no soy feliz.
I'll take you places you never been before
First day of Ramadan will be a 15 hour fast. It's gonna be a long day
I've actually developed a CF cough... Only took me 19 years...
Who tf is Shon Mendaz I bet I could make a song and go
Looking for someone to take my stats test for me tomorrow\nI'll pay you with trident layers
Shoulda just stayed home and played 2k...
Especially when he has to be up for work in about 4 hours and isn't well. Knight in shining armor, anyone?
Yo. It's the Mac attack. What up??
Watching and coach play call of duty is so funny
Has any board members at GM been arrested yet?Sounds like manslaughter to me.Usual results,Hughes payout to family some dismissals and sush
I hate it when guys think just cuz ur talking with a girl u must be flirting
I'm in a pub watching the USA game. I am now deaf.
WARM THE BUSSES
Coming back to DC Tomorrow just to leave for a camp five hours after i arrive.
It's been a year and eleven months....and I still get flashbacks and nightmares from this.
Just used my seatbelt to open my beer!
Fasting is easy if you have discipline
was talking to Brooklyn bout the situation &amp; she told me to text her when i get my shit together . . smh
I really wanna start a band
Sophie during tssf: \"really emotional guys keep running past me.\"
Luis, 6, told me he thinks this river starts small and gets bigger as it goes. That should be true but ... Where start? \"Maybe E or W?\"
pitching my pilot to logo: 'carry on' half hour sitcom following 2 sassy tsa agents in houston
Drink more water, feel better.
The good news is that it will only take 4 or 5 well sequenced singles to tie this game up.
Lebron a crying
I'm usually an over all happy person and lately that hasn't quite been the case
All that matters rn tho, is if my family's okay. Y'all can keep the bs
BIG shout out to for making HT mobile friendly today! Check it out!
Di Maria with the skills to pay the bills kol
Can't believe I'm thinking like this
Ronaldo' s face &gt;&lt;
Por que no lo dice mas alto, es que no entiendo
You know there's a problem when your ping hits 275 and you share a live feed of it.
I might die if no one comes over dear lord
I'm the only one in my house that has to go to work today...
Was feeling bitter about today until reminded me of the time my dad saved my crying ass at 3am when I had \"fuck u slut\" spray
Tried to FaceTime from to compete with - but experienced an :(
I really hate waiting on people
REMEMBER PLZ \nYou can't spell Patriotism without RIOT
I only hate her cause she bagged melo but other than that I love her lol
My pillows ain't got no comfort
grow up with killers , I didn't know they was killers
You're not a unicorn, you're just a slutty horse.
I remember when I was in high school..
Thats terribly unfortunate for Greece and clearly Costa Rica is very psyched to go to the quarter finals
People go threw different pains .
Thanks ! Cc
Life of the party will be my lyrical song
why do i even care so much?
If you supported ya homie mixtape ... Got him a lil fan base im sure he'll get on
All the T.H.OT.S. spanish in Miami. Must be fun playing connect the thots.
San Francisco is 49 square miles surrounded by reality.
Will I ever get to sleep good again ughh ),;
Btw DJing at Lit tonight after this event
Few things as infuriating in sport than the critical soccer free kick that fails to beat even the first defender
Love is \"Chilling, you know kicking it with somebody, talking, making mad stupid jokes\"
Let's go Ghana!!
I don't ask questions I already know the answer to. I can't take liars
Messi baby! 2 goals so far 2 0
Waiting till 12 to find out my SAT score
I miss feeling needed
The music for Brazil's World Cup is terrible.
Strike of the year by Ronaldo
The lines at chipotle are the only thing between me and bae
I love Rasheeda, but she needs to stay out the studio lol
Not complaining, but how the hell did that go in from that distance and angle?
When reaching across the aisle, reaching out and working with others is a bad thing.
Melo on the bulls would make them legit however is D Rose going to be able to play all those minutes with bad knees and no bench
Holy shit Costa Rica the Cinderella Story is real
had to drive all the way home just to get clothes for today then back up too north jersey
Swear you gon see me get sleeved up in a few months
Never got into naruto or one piece idk why
Tomorrow is a new day .... New week . Lol
Mmm I like your \"reckless intentions\".
eating cereal &amp; watching NY Ink
It's now official: FIFA officials are worse than and more capricious and arbitrary than even NBA officials! (Once thought impossible...)
\"I DONT SEE NO DUNCAN DONUTS, NIGGA\"\n-Prolific words from a guy at the airport
I only eat spinach because Popeye told me to
No one hmu by texts me but they can kik me?
Home,shower,..she not coming over so I guess I'll go bed for the night
If her tits are premature her ass going to be right 50% of the time
\"I'm pretty sure the closest Spanish translation to Zach is Jesus\" -Steve
Social media magnifies word of mouth advertising that magnifies the value of optimizing the and
Wth did I ever do to you?
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED AT THE END OMFG
Nisam lopovvv al bi bio kada bi te poljubioooooo
Finally headed to . Late start because...queers but will be there soon. Anyone else there\/coming?
Some kid left their smurf The Aerosmurf book by me. *pretends to not read it*
Pleasssssse Keep it Cute Dont Pollute .We only get one planet even though people u see do seem to negate my statement.;)!
Why should I need other peoples help when In the end I only have myself.
You can't miss a chance like that Jozy.
There's a lot to be said about love, but I'd rather just live it rather than try to explain it.
Is there *anyone* who watches the Bachelor\/ette unironically??
Don't expect me to text you when you feel like replying
If you compare my smile in my picture with austin &amp; my smile in other pictures you can see the difference &amp; how happy I was
Not even gonna entertain it.
i had to get up now bc i have to get ready for moving up day lmao
I make myself laugh
Awkwardly unbuttoning my high waisted pants on the train
parking is a bitch and there's weird ppl at night
Been puking for the past 3 hours. Alcohol is such a good thing.
These soccer players act like they are getting shot out there
Chocolate chip waffles and Nutella you heard it here first
\": Daesung has the Japanese ballad game on lock! -_- since like 2010\" nah he had it locked since he was a fetus. Lol
OMG CANT WAIT TO GET HOME I HAVE TOMORROW OFF AND 3 SEASONS OF 30 ROCK TO WATCH YASS GAGA YAAASSSSS
This what I get for stalking twitter for ppl. Never again.
The only time I will agree with the fans. I hate them, but I hate Bettman just as much.
USA GETS IT AGAIN
Staying up to watch paramore on !!
For someone who claims to be a singer, you have absolutely no rhythm and don't know how to song along with music
I dont need you i just want you, i want you
\": I never gave up on you. You just pushed me so far, so I had to walk away.\"
That was unfair of me to say about James Neal. I forgot all the times he was a kneecapping piece of sewage waste, too. My bad.
I really wish I knew what I wanted
.VHM no hizo todavia ninguna metafora entre el \"default\" Griego y perder por penales???
It's Antarctica in my house bc my dad has temperature issues
\": \"How about you send a picture with more skin?\"\n\nHow about you fuck off?\" LOL
i hate Kylie Jenner apparently she's really stuck up Fight Me
I hope the gyms open today
.Sounds like an effort to identify learning by changes in behaviors?
Let's just hope I don't die in this heat
I need some new books to read time to hit up the library or buy some from Amazon
AND UHH BRAEDEN I DON'T THINK SHOOTING IT WILL HELP
why people say \"you're not worth my time\" yet waste so much of this so called \"precious time\" on me.. I thought I wasn't worth it?
Some of y'all girls in bikini's with bellies bigger than mine
me and my dad are scavenging for food
Me cholm. It close our mouth again. Because your nose is watering.
Its Like Im Immuned To Dubbing Niggas. Shit Doesnt Phase Me Anymore
If my beer seems to have self-propagating foam, I should still drink it, right? Yeah, I'm still gonna drink it.
I told y'all nigggas , I told y'all usher has been the truth
Whatever small just do what I want
These Americans aren't faking it
I don't want anyone to chase me but .. Maybe act like you want to keep me around.. Don't let me go easy.
Girls posting thirst traps are the ones asking why all guys are the same lol.
sarahs mad at me
Who Jermaine joooonnneessss *mike jones voice * what a goal
I knew Josh was gonna be safe!
I can't wait to wake up @ 6 am and drive a golf cart around for 12 hours
Can I just sleep for the next three days!?
Cause that's what a good queen does
I went from Phoenix arizona all the way to Tacoma, Philadelphia Atlanta LA
Yedlin the speedster comes on.
If anyone is tryna go to tpumps hmu
IM GONNA MEET CAM AND NASH OH MY GOD
My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding is a disgusting show
In Neeew Yoooork, shit hole airports where dreams are ruuuiiined there's nothin you can doooo
She was raised up in Jersey, I said oh lord have mercy.
So this is what being awake for 24 hours straight feels like.
Reshooting \"Don Jon\" but about a guy obsessed with food porn.
There is nothing in the world as refreshing as a good night's sleep.
FERIAS JA ESTAO QUASE ACABANDO E EU TO CHORANDO MUITO NAO QUERO TER QUE ACORDAR CEDO TODO DIA D ENOVO NAOOOOOOOOOOO
First time sleeping in my own bed in two weeks.
Just got off work
The only thing snapchats is her talking to her animals, it's weird
Or the other way around RT : Funny how a couple months will have you washed lol
Dempsey!!!!!!! Go USA!!!!
\"Squad\" is such a dirtbag phrase
'Cause come the morning I'll be gone\nand as our eyes start to close
It's just so weird to me how you can go from talking to someone every single day to not talking for months. It makes no sense
No joke, there's a wifi network around here named 'White girls are hot!'
I legit forgot the foster was on td this is what chem is doinng to me
Only go on FB cause my cousins never post on Instagram. I'm just super nosy about their lives.
\"lets put this in baseball terms\" \n\"you're out of his league\"
I'm on a different level of disgusting rn
Nothin going for USA
Not emotionally ready to take care of another person's Happiness right now.
Tommorw is my last day ..then I'm out BITCH
How do they cover the nub on amputees. Like Hershel. Was his muscle exposed? Or did skin cover it ?
why do people that clearly don't fuck with me even follow me. lmao
Si, mira a ver, hazme esos tramites :*
\": Females now a days don't like to do anything freaky because you niggas gossip about it like bitches.\" Lmfao
These guys are seriously telling their girlfriends they're fat and that they need to lose weight or else they'll break up with them.
Looks like I won't be getting back to sleep
Fuck bubbas im dying right now
Who's going to this Sunday to see ??
The Asian girl that I'm marrying, her name is Kylie. She got a big booty. And I love big booties.
Stop making a big deal out of the little things.
EHAT A FUCKING SHOT
jajajajjja por favor al agua quieren mojar
no 3peat fa Bronbron...
Bersama kamu, bersama waktu yang pernah kita lalui bersama. Semua itu adalah kenangan terindahku bersama kamu :')
Almost got mauled by 2 shoobies on the drive home
WHAT A GOAL!!! US
Bitches don't wanna fuck me no more bitches just wanna fuck my bitches.
Kira and Scott are so cute just date already
Being half asleep and delusional is not fun
Davila need to hurry up with this shower mission man
Los que estan en cordoba no se pierdan
Are you gonna read that diabetes?
Jocelyn show them chittlins (stretchmarks) on her tits waaaay to much
\": \": Holland Gon Fuck Up Mexico\"\n\nNah, Netherlands is a much MUCH better team tbh\"\n\nYou cant read
I don't think I've ever seen break a sweat.
This movie is so amazing I can never believe this whole film came out of Tarantino's head
Blood I can recall every last hoe that done holla that.
I don't remember stressing over prom that much last year. Just go with the flow
fr ronaldo getting too old
Age is just a # . I might be 18 and you might be 12 but love is love
no te cambie de un dia pal otro
Actually all the USA squad looks good!
\"Hold your breath, we're about to drive over the most dangerous bridge in America!!\" THANKS MOM.
\"I know someone who's black\/Native\/Asian and it doesn't bother them!\" is the \"not all men\" of racial slur discussions.
no if I work 6 hours I'm taking more than a 10 min break...
Pizza + SYTYCD post painful PT session. It's going to be an early night for this tired chickpea.
Oh I forgot nothing can ever be easy
crying bc the 5sos album isn't available in america yet
Literally want punch a wall right now.
Manu is on fire
El himno de mi pais sin dudas es el mejor.
She met her man at the beauty supply store! Oh lord!
IDC, I'm not afraid...to be on my own, ive felt alone in this world since day one..
Bruce Jenner definitely does coke lmao he got that rage
Hi I hope adds extra characters for retweets It would've helped me retweet &amp; comment on your Twitter news tweet
Am I the only one who marinates their steak with beer?
You really can't put a damper on the 4th of July no matter how hard you try, silly Arthur. This is the land of the free...
\" stalked by demons , guarded by angels\"
Does anyone have 1 extra tix to NRG tonight
not the best she's done but gotta love her spirit
Super Mario Bros. 3some
USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!
If people REALLY want to help you with something they would make an effort, not just wait for you to remind them.
I MISSD THE DAMN GOAL WHAY THR FUCK
I can't sleep omg, mi pobre vida.
Its impossible for me to sleep unless I'm next to you.
My favorite times are spent w you
What the hell is going on out there
Bosh got destroyed
I really need to know what the yoga instructor did to become incarcerated
That was so fast
That would've been my response if somebody would've asked me ;\/
I hope gets back to full fitness. It will be interesting to see if she explores her new strategies &amp; PS Tennis on other surfaces
GUYS IM SCARED PLEASE TWEET TAYLOR
Exact same shit happens when playing FIFA...
I wanna meet the guy who decides which musical acts get credibility and which get written off as mainstream radio trash. He has a cool job
Did you guys know that having someone pull your foreskin too hard while blowing you is only one notch below child birth on the pain scale?
Wish I wasn't so tired lately. I could sleep the day away with no shame at all
I'm literally sitting next to Cyrus Rose (Blair Waldorf's step dad) and Maggie Gyllenhaal at dinner
I'm trying to get to follow me .! my nigga .!
I took a nap earlier and now I'm wiiiiddeee awake ...the worst
My mom's positivity is cute, but slightly frustrating at times. Can't help but to love her though ;)
There really is nothing like PK's in all of sports. Heartbreaking.
jerome threw a firefly down my pants help
Never been so excited to get home and eat a bowl of cereal
30 second in@ Goal USA!
Officially the worst Puerto Rican. It's la noche de San Juan and I won't be diving into any water at midnight...
Like, so many things we'll be stuck with me ...
Saddam and we call it Saddam . 100 obstacle.
Even in nowhere America there is still a McDonalds....after all, it is still America
Is Pride over? I need to go to to go shopping.
I had a dream about reality, But in reality i had a dream about a dream about what I thought was reality but ended up being a dream.
This bitch just flipped me off in traffic wtf hoe
Been watching this show all day it's great but I wanna chill or something
My husband sez...\" talks \"like a box of chocolates\"
just a reminder that I hate all of you :-))
I get anxiety each time my computer goes through an update
my life is like a really good recipe you're excited to make but you mess up the directions &amp; sit there wondering how good it could've been.
This game is fuckin nuts.
I hit the travel delay trifecta tonight - plane, train, and cab. Home 4 hours late. The universe has gotta try harder to slow me down.
KRHV 292249Z 28012KT 10SM SKC 33\/11 A2984
google search: things that at purple
celebrities don't know how to dress for award shows
When you surround yourself with lowlives, you become one yourself
It's funny how things work
Last night in SF. Boy oh boy.
NOW THAT WAS A GOLAZO!!!!! MESSI!!!!!
I've had my ups and downs but always left right
Young nigga must of never watched The Wire.
My internship is sort of the bee's knees
If you playin me keep it on the looowwww
BUT LET'S GO \nGO BENZY\nCHOKE GERMANY
\": when someone fucks me over, I change.\" I never change for the better makes me a bigger heartless asshole
I am so pumped for tonight's match. Let's do it already... Let's Go USA!!!
All my senses come to life while I'm stumbling home as drunk as I have ever been and I'll never leave again, \ncause you are the only one.
Inner thighs are bleeding from chafing today.
Jozy one time for Jersey!
I'm going after a pretty boy now fuck hot guys
Road Trip!! Vacation!!! I Needed This!!!
I can't drown my demons. They know how to swim.
I'm a proud American 365 days of the year but, today it's a whole different level.
if you think about it, Ashton could be a one man band if he wanted.
\"YOLLO! You Only Live, Like Once.\" - Probably some white girl
I called into work bc my eye is swollen shut and I feel like they don't believe me bc it's the 4th of July \\:
Maybe if you called me by my correct name we'd be having a nice convo rn
Now hyundai retweeted me I wonder if I can get a new car
Fuck man its starting to get really irritating when I'm seriously stranded in fucking valley center every fucking day
Someone get this milk dud of my tv
Being that I'm 1\/64th American Indian I hereby deem the team names Redskins, Braves and BlackHawks ok.
Girl your looking so fine with your beer in the headlights
Why are peppermint patty commercials so sexual....
Omarion gon name his son b2k five
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother
i was there for you in your darkest times
Working at a nonprofit startup myself, it was so great to hear the story! Keep fighting.
Oh my god I'm so tired I Love it
It's so weird seeing my room so empty.
do scotus decisions come out annually? I know I can google but I'm hoping Marshall answers this
Oh shit this hard for me damn
If Kate was able to come back then Allison should come back. It's only fair.
There aren't a lot of things I wouldn't do for you
Gettin jiggy with it. Na na na na na na na
I have no idea what is a tablet and what is a phone anymore
Just about twenty minutes until the ! there is some awesome excitement in the air....
Crazy how soon as you fall back they come crawling back
Gooooooaaaaalll Dempsey !!!!!
I love how in Mean Girls, played a girl who could tell the weather by touching her breasts actually has a \"weather binder.\"
The fact that I can't be away from my friends for more than 12 hours without missing them is really sad.
Thank you, but nothing to do.
Bae isn't bae if they don't have the same taste of music as you
Dempsey's goal &gt; Messi's goal.
3 years ago I was spending the 4th in Tunisia. Fuck. That's badass.
I'm just tryna cop everything and that's real
Everything's falling apart and I dont know how to fix it. I dont know what im going to do.
I don't know about you but I'm feeling 22
Me and dad have literally spent the whole flight watching films...
It's gonna take some time. But I know your worth fighting for.
Thinking about the measurement of character &amp; the character of measurement - looking forward to working with the IBSC in Nashville next week
Ugly ugly ugly shot
Sushi completes me.
I miss you so much it sucks.
Right fucking now
text me so I know it's not real but it could be
A real man is faithful to God, his family, his woman &amp; his word
I felt that in my heart Mell
Pavlov is sitting at a bar, when all of the sudden the phone rings Pavlov gasps, Oh crap, I forgot to feed the dogs.
Its shows who you really are as a person
Smokin blunts 1 grams N higher wat u no about dat
Bruh the struggle us fuckn real for Alexis and I rn
I watch how everybody moves, I seen my right hand turn left on me.
my mom thinks that im that such of a loner, so she makes me match socks on a saturday night
last night was so FUN I didn't go to bed til 4 bc I had the worst migraine of my LIFE &amp; was throwing up &amp; almost went to the ER!! turn up!!!
I'm just trying to dab not hurt nobody
Church doesn't end when the last song of the service is over.
I am noootttt a morning person.
THIS HAS ME ON THE FLOOR!!!
some people need to do a lot less
There are a million things to do in NYC, but I can't figure out what to do tonight? Help.
you could be my last
Why can't death just be quick and easy. Like my grandpas liver is only functioning 13%
I'd put my mcm up but naw im good
I hate when ppl lie to me. It just irks my nerves.
Imagine if the recipe requires a Peruvian Puff Pepper I would shit
Lol I'm deadass in a boat.
Pce out see u all in 5 hours!!!
I'm graduating high school in 5 hours and my parents want me to go out to celebrate my brothers 8th grade graduation......
Completamente exhausta! Pero agradecida con Dios!!!
Let me know when Meg Ryan reunites with her old face.
Lmfao @ raquel always running red lights
I will never forget how ridiculously tall her was
Looks like bed is the place to be today
Ok US, now you are talking:)
My birth name is Mayra in case you didn't know
Summer needs to end so I can be with my favorite
Just recieved a call as soon as I changed my ringtone to cuffin season
Well tonight was emotional. I'm going to bed.
I have the worst stomach ache ever. Am I giving birth!?
Stop talking just to hear yourself talk . Stfu .
Almost didn't wake up for my shift...lmao
Is forest over yet so can be back in my life
Someone stop me from eating so much
looks like she needs to take it easy
Determination will get you through this.
'Im like Icarus whose wings melted before he could fuck the sun'
Now have at it, ...
LMAOOOO FOMF I KNOW MY SHIT.
Like damn okay I see how it is
U wastin ya time... and I could help you make up the time
And I break the yolk every time
kanga e Medes Bixhozi e qart, po tash veq pse e knon Meda thojn jo so e mire. Tekstin e mire, kushdo qe e kish knu kish dal e mire.
A proton and neutron have about the same mass
The : Americans don't follow until 2 weeks before elections. They pay with their diminished standard of living everytime wins
When you say you love me, know I love you more..
Messi is the best player in the world
I can't believe people are doing screenshots of the episode already..
WHY THE FUCK DID THEY CHNAGE TWITTER
Bring me my money I'm in my own zone
Shoulda been a way i could catch up..
I'm losing faith in real housewives of Orange County but I love
USA USA USA.
I come to one conclusion, then something happens that makes me take it back but then I'm back to my original conclusion
Orientation for 2 days and I packed like I'm going away for 10
I'm up and I am NOT happy about it
Why are all my friends 2 year olds
It's funny how half the people that go to Yankee games aren't even from America.
That was the fastest goal I've seen
Y le palti to lo que se llama boca a mi hermano :)
Red bull, orange juice and my keeping me going
Les Voy A Llamar A Los Tombos .lll. Se Me Va A Estallar La Cabeza :((
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WHAT NONSENSE DID I JUST SEE ON MY TL
Not what I imagined at all
i wanna go for a run, ugh
TIMMY! Great save.
USA! USA! USA!
Only someone who truly listens knows my obsessions.
Must get out of bed SOS
Nightmares of losing everything boosting my adrenaline
Since bar girl Sonia Gandhi introduced sex education in India, India has become rape capital of the world.
We good people, we good. I believe in Johannsson. 2 goals coming in. We good.
Wade is such a bum!!
Uncle mad cause heat losing
On a scale from 1 to America how free are you tonight??
went into my old job yesterday and the girl was asking me how to ring up what we were buying... that's your job not mine anymore
Never trust a guy that flirts with every girl.
To think that some people don't have a quarter of the freedom that we have ,be thankful , be appreciative , be tolerant.
LISTENING TO A TEA PARTY PERSON THE OTHER DAY~ THESE GUYS SOUND LIKE A ONE DIMENSIONAL PARTY WITH NO ROOM FOR ANY OTHER IDEAS EXCEPT THEIRS
'gonna masturbate and take a nap' should be my middle name
GOOOOOOALLLLL! vs Portugal
I haven spoken to my boyfriend in two weeks.
The fact that I have to exercise to avoid eating to death is proof that human evolution isn't at the point where I want it to be.
In bed at 10:30. Now
That's some bulllllllll. Ball first bro
I swear some ppl are just plain retarded
Tired of dealing with people like you
Too tired yet body's wide awake fml
When I'm with someone, 10\/10 I'm so obsessed with you, I can't even think about cheating because I'm busy stalking you lmao.
Who wants to go to the beach?
WHAT A PLAY
That's why you don't try wifing a Thot
I'll miss the games today! :(
Think a little less &amp; live a little more.
The game is going to end 1-1
Some people are naturally happy 24\/7, I really admire them
I love Ghana's uniform
The only shows I watch are
One team I Would love to see Lebron go to: Golden State Warriors. Imagine that team wow
I still believe in karma. What goes up must come must come down. What goes around comes back around.
Now im really mad people wanna fall asleep on me annoying .
When all of this is said and done \nYou will be alone\nCuz I know this won't last forever
Way too much on my minddd for no reason
\": oitnb is my whole life\" scared to watch it tbh
I DONT CARE. THATS NOT RIGHT
Clara ta com raiva...fora de si! Nao levem a serio gente...pelo amor de Deus!
I honestly think I can net a World Cup PK on any of these goalies. It looks simple.
i hate that my mood revolves around one thingg
When boys pretend like you meant nothing to them but \"I tongue punched your fartbox\"
What's the difference if I say I'll go away, when I know I'll come back on my knees some day?
I thought they wasn't gonna call that charge lmao
Nah. 20 on the weed fuck that
I'm so against the bachelorette. What a terrible way to find love.
\": Maybe one day i'll have it all figured out.\"
I wish my brother had a twitter cause he would understand all my stupid tweets
Some Movies You Just Never Get Tired Of..
IM PRAYING FOR ALL OF THE UK FAM RN
My step mom follows me around like a fucking criminal.
Not everyone is trying to be a fan of the World Cup they're just watching it lol
\": are you sure?\" Yes. It is all your fault. Everything.
Hella don't want to work tomororw
This weather makes me sleepy
This will now also be my new poetry platform.
The only way to get my mind of shit &amp; forget it is working &amp; school all day everyday &amp; I'm fine with that
I don't give a fuck anymoree
Last time I book a band last minute haha
I hope I get a morning shift july 4th. Hi I probably won't :( haha gonna get murdered for half price shakes that night probably
im trying to become something, they probably become jealous, have a lot to say about it, but afraid to come tell us.
Ian Drake just called Joe Biden the US president
Season 4 of Teen Wolf in a few minutes!
El pelado me cae mall
I want an icy from Saccones
Yall girls and yall invisible baes... did you forget that some of the people that follow you , know the real you ? Man yall gotta do better
Talk talk talk talkin to twitter
Is a couple beers too much to ask?
Bums is poppin tonight come thru
Thank god for 's dad hooking it up and letting us skip the line and skip security for bingo players
I suck.. Farther
this storm is the best right now omg
I'm really sick and tired of people thinking that alcohol is an excuse for everything
Shout out to my cat for waking me up at 6 am
Can't believe I'm graduating tomorrow.....where has the time gone
My goddd I hate trains b
say my name say my name when no one is around you
Hahahaha Jayla got confused af when Brandon was talking to her about his job haha
Slowly wasting my life away eating strawberries and playing Titanfall
Kim K needs to do so much less with her instagrams
Lmao I don't wanna be shady so no \": 7. Name someone you think is cute that the majority disagrees with.\"
Life is better when I'm at the beach
My brother is one of those conceded pricks
Grandma: well I had a glass of wine before we left the house I know how to prepare for these things
every time you kiss me it's like sunshine and whiskey
Its not even tomorrow morning yet and my mornings already ruined.
Seeing shit for what it really is now.
Thanks and for the shout out
Random but so proud of the woman has become. Although I never see her and barely speak to her lol
Holtby and Lamela both trained today!
Matt Cain is cosplaying as 2012 Tim Lincecum
I love my parents
It ain't official till it's IG official .. Ha
uniforms though. Very creative!
They don't like Leslie's just because he's \"the old guy.\" He's just plain disrespectful.
on est sur les nerfs
baby come give me a kiss
I text Tricia and she goes \"there she is\" Ahhahaha
So many reasons to smile, but the one thing that makes you sad always over powers and rips you apart.
Saw our first on the trip.
The fact that I just wore shorts held together by a clothes pin to pick up food means I've been in Hackettstown too long
Idk how I'm standing up right now
yeah if u don't have a Wikipedia page ur not relevant at all
I feel like you never truly know someone until you see the way they are around their family and the ones they love
Spain eliminated !!
I'm probably the only person in the world that this thing actually happens too
So I Won't be able to smoke, drink, or eat anything besides soup for the next few weeks
Whether you like your dad or not, he's responsible for you being here. So many ungrateful people makes me more grateful to have the best dad
Finally getting my Lou on! It looks so good! Can't wait to see the final product!
alternating between kardashians and girl mets world - coolness level currently at high-risk
I will thank this boy every fucking day for how he's treating my bestfriend and they're not even official yet. I am so serious.
My cell just jumped out my hand in crashed on the hard concrete Stree
Couple things ima let u no.... That's a no no
Or blab everyone's secrets all of them.
Can Aquinas girls please tell me what's going on with the summer school note shit
never is this kid wearing a \"Molly is my home girl shirt\" and he has a \"no regrets\" tattoo SMHHHH
I go outside and get a bug bite
Semi-date to me: I'm queer, poly, biracial, genderqueer, non-binary, trans and...vegan. \nMe: *hiss* Vegan! Sorry dealbreaker.
Starting tomorrow I can't eat anything with bread for a month and I really dk if I'm gonna make it
Americans don't fall every five seconds because were not frail ass Europeans
women have emotions that haven't even been discovered yet.
Shawn is Shawn. Justin is justin. I'm not a belieber anymore. Shawn's voice is amazing.
I miss hanging out woth my aunt. I get caught up on all the family drama.
Come on baby first goal wins it
I don't think any of these guys will be here come the regular season. The Raptors may take back Calderon once they lose Lowry.
Like, I feel embarrassed for the show because it's looking bad and doesn't know it.
I never broke down for anybody like I did last night
Yea. We're pretty perfect.
Stoked because TWoods is back on the course..
This guy who always hits on my sister threw me a pity compliment today. Yeah, nice try dude.
Twitter full of 13-19 year olds who never once saw Tyson fight.
Didn't not just out race a BMW
Im about to start Saying Names
I almost always retweet stuff for the fuck of it lololz
Glad I stayed awake with her
Waiting for my uber heading to
Told Morgan to go get me water and she said just drink toilet water cuz you're heads been in the toilet
I literally am way too deep in love with Louis like there's no way out I don't even want a way out
Stitch it up and lets fucking play. For god sakes it's a bloody nose
One of my childhood nightmares just happened IRL. Showering showering showering BATHROOM LIGHTS TURN OFF ON THEIR OWN.
I love having to wear black everyday to work
I been sippin this shit since been sippin this shit
Who wants to watch teen wolf together:)
No one will ever understand the shit and I do
We all want to be so different , that we end up being the same
Taylor swift has the voice of an angle
I just thanked Rika for being my friend.
I want a poptart... or
Pretty cool how I came home early from my mission a year ago and everyone's celebrating my freedom with fireworks!
The value of 'serious' reading seems to me to be focusing on something for a hundred hours, rather than that time being lost to history
It's okay to lose your pride over someone you love but don't lose someone you love though over your pride.
No me gustan los hospitales, no me gustan.
Going to miss a really good game tomorrow:(
This is the end. Such a good film tho
I wonder if we as a community have reached the limit of Juan puns yet.
people need to accept the fact that no one can successfully cover a John Mayer or Bon Iver song
Ochoa again! He is THE BEST!
I hate when people lie, like why can't you just tell the truth scumbag
As long as you're at least trying to elevate. I respect you, now you fucking losers who complain all day about you can't do it, psh.
Due to signal problems at Gun Hill Road, some southbound trains via exp from Gun Hill Rd to E 180 St. Please allow additional travel time
Justin leaves so many fucking chew cans in my car wowowow
Who does laundry at 2:15 A.M.? Idk.. My brother? Wtf.
In the mood and tumblr isn't helping
They Laugh But In Others It Hurts :\/
I just want someone to tell me that all this effort I make is worth it and that everything I do is enough.
That should be a yellow !!
Ppl actually get mad about followers and favorites and RTs and shit I can't do this anymore haha
why can't she just runaway
Labeling yourself a visionary is a good way to label yourself an asshole
Fight with your hands you wuss
I need me a musical gal, I really do
Yep, it's when you put the foot down hard is when you pop a hammy. No fun. Big loss for USA
MOM SHUT THE FUCK UP I DON'T GIVE A FUCK IF IM GONNA BE LATE
And if in the end we end up together, it's beautiful
We won the series against the Red Sox and the Yankees
Brian's so boring he's prompting himself to fall asleep.
Didn't think so
I had to tell her smh he need to get his ass beat !!
When you decide to change your life for the better and you start losing people and things around you don't Chase after it.
I wouldn't say I'm over dressed for class but if I could wear sweats every day to class I would but it's too hot
Why do I always want donuts at this time of night when I am in bed
Two new book editing projects, and I 'm back on my third novel. . .com
For the first time.. What's past is past.
And the hardest part is feeling like your not even listening.
SAO is some damn good background noise
Gotta slow down this game
k I guess it's teen wolf time bc Derick left me mid convo
Got my mind on donuts and donuts on my mind
I miss Schwaby and Leah :(
Everyone is looking forward to Usher. Let's see if he'll bring the slayage.
My mother says there's a time when to go off on an ignorant person. And I say the time is at right than and there. Not later, tf.
In shock that i dont feel like shit rn
If you want your hair to grow, have someone get behind you and pull it.
I need to talk to my grandma
Congrats to the Spurs on their 5th championship. They epitomize team basketball.
Burnt out to the max holy shit ima sleep nice
Sending my dad to DD because i cant
I can't believe I do this for fun
Girls love taking care of guys that offer them nothing. All the time.
This is really about to happen.
My friends are out shopping and im organizing spoons :\/
can't breathe, I have a headache, And my stomach hurts.. seriously?
I'm emotionally tired, I don't want to get to know anyone, I don't want to catch feelings for anyone &amp; I don't want anyone to get to know me
40 fucking people were hospitalized after the avicii show in Boston tonight. For reasons OTHER than horrible eardrum trauma.
john Cena has the home ring advantage for this Sunday ladder match. The thrid time in his career to go for title in Boston.
Muller you beauty what a performance
Kyler Wilbur puts bird feed on his junk and lays outside for 3 hours everyday.
Missing my Brazilian babe so much!! !
That's my baby girl but I kind of want to throw her ass across the room
This is why I don't feel like I'm a good person, cause of the constant bullshit situations that always happens
Sick shorts and Jordan's bro. \nBecause nothing says I'm a faggot like shorts and high tops.
Damn Matt bailed on helping us set up and hangout, I see how it is man
Mess with the best, Die like the rest
Paying the difference for the train that went out of your zone for your monthly pass... I didn't even know there were zones!
Imma just let him dark d me so I don't look like I give a shit
2 pints of booze, tell me, are you a bad fish too?
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT.
Like her club pics, not her cuffin pics
okay espn stop sucking messi's dick
People get mad when you treat them how they treat you!
Had to block Morgan
Some Rain in Hamden now.. Rain gauge is cleared out and ready to go
Thank god I have a mom who is such a caring and loving person.
I can't stop looking at Monica's tattoo.
NJT_Commuter njtransit no showing buses as per the norm
Dont like any of the free in ? Writing my own for free download. Stay tuned.
I think my next blog post will try and explore the history of reparations in america and other countries www.thepoliticus com
If I did that I'd only being hurting myself...
Just blasted Party in the USA by Miley Cyrus as I drove through Colesville
YAAASSSS TEEN WOLF SEASON 4 PREMIERE
It's not.that hard to be an actor for a novela tbh
I was so stupid to give you all my attention :))
This happened for a reason.
I don't even feel like getting up or going out honestly
late night thoughts : STDs are stupid
Went to visit this print plant in NJ I'm working with. They've been real busy for the last few weeks on some mystery project.
To cry or not to cry
I've had alphas tell me they wish they could shimmy... That's when u just give niggas the \"cool story bro\" look
All hope is gone now...
Someone pick me up an Athenian omelette from Metro and deliver it to my house please.
You can have so many peanut M&amp;Ms
I don't get why guys from the past try &amp; come back into my life all confident thinking they'll have a chance again hahahaha
You blew up my phone, ! Now I feel popular &amp; cool! Yay!
I'm sorry, but those Ghana jerseys tho.
Pumped for tomorrow morning bright and early! Go heavy or go home.
ate so much food today I'm so bloated
Kourtney is such a bitch to Scott
Omg I woke up for France\/Germany thank u jesus
What a fucking gol
Wow Andrea messaged me 5 hours ago &amp; im just getting it what the heck
That voicemail you get from your mom when you just know you're fucked.
Btw NAS raps exclusively in front of stock video of New York City and heist films and I want nothing else
4th of July ??? What's happenin
Damn these goalies suck or the shooters are just too good
Rough Rider Teddy Roosevelt is fired up
I'm too in love with my walks home in the city
WORLD CUP THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
Bouta watch another episode of dragon Ball, since my mind is playing games
Bruce don't look so good
I smoke to forget about things for a bit
Which lucky lady wants to join me for a romantic evening of cleaning up cat trickle?
Somewhere in the world is an Austistic person whose special skill is an intricate knowledge of public transport. I need that person ATM
When is the straight people day parade?
Dating girls&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; guys
i just wanna watch soccer with Niall lmao
Dad- \"i'm going to bed, goodnight\"\nMom- \"ok, peace out homie g\"
Not going if there's a third party
Always make sure there's a ROI
You make my days brighter and my nights warmer
Raekwon The School Cafeteria Cook - -
That moment when you realize the importance of a birth certificate when you don't have it!
PS ITS FINALLY SUMMER FOR ME
Let's make this clear I don't have a lot of friends, I just know a lot of people
Who's trynna ball?
She had me convinced that she could've been a dime, I guess I lost another one to the wintertime
You don't understand how bad I can expose you
Abbs is a true soloist
He got the baby by the dirty white girl. Dont know her name either with her ugly ass.
The struggle of being at a horse show right now...
So many babes here but they all have headphones in and walk too fast.
Fuck today \nTomorrow need to hurry up
\"Hey, you, get off my cloud; You don't know me and you don't know my style... :-)\"
soda has so many carbs i'm so done with it
This rain is gonna ruin all of my plans today
69696969 - i think your a really cool girl &amp;i had a crush on you for the longest time but other than that lets hang soon its been a while!!!
I just wanted to go on a road trip and knock your socks off. You LOVE that place!
Is anyone planning to go to the golf course tonight?..
Anybody else having flashbacks to El Matador eliminating in France, no?
Greek manager off to grab a martini and unfiltered Lucky Strike.
My legs were a lot stronger when I hit them like every 3 days
Tomorrow is gonna be the struggle of all struggles
2 more days and I'm finally able to go clubbing WOOP WOOP to turning 15
What excuse will we offer up to Him for our failure to repent?
Dimitrov should have pushed it to 5th, but Novak, while a bit fatigued, seemed fitter &amp; probably wins 5th anyway.\n
I want a back rub so badly rn I could cry
I'm tired of feeling like no one gives a fuck about me here
i dont understand whats wrong with being a darker skin color? wth does it matter?! like im \"lightskin\" and that crap pisses me off!!
I have never been more involved in a World Cup cycle then I have been the last 4 years. I've been to many games. Hung out with many of....
Took the meanest elbow to the eye earlier
I hate sleeping on leather couches cuz it makes me hotter. So when I came home I said hi to mommy shrapnel if course. And slept my ass off
Oh the people they will not believe! Jamaica we gotta bobsled team!
My pride is stronger than my feelings, don't try to play me
Fuck fuck fuck
Note to self: prebook car home from JFK. Always.
school tomorrow for the first time in a week..
I don't good and I don't want good enough
It's always better to learn on your own. Lol sucks it too me that many times.
I just saw twin omfg it was so scary lol
This is going to be a great second half of the year
idk but I really want a garbage plate
Wasted more of my life trying to figure out what's under honey boo boos moms chin then anything else
Damn one thing you can't change is someone's feelings. If they ain't feelin it, let em' be.
at a rest stop and erin falls in the toilet because she didn't know the seat was up
What going on I havent watch I solid minute every time I look up commercials @
12-5 shift come throughhh
Up extra early. Getting ready for my nephews Kindergarten graduation!! Aww babies stepping up!!!
I should sleep but now I'm used to staying up this late
He got kicked in the face!!!
That's the best thing to have happened to me all June
Then he found out and I had to leave him cause I couldn't be the one to hurt him
Dude wtf i told you bc i thought i could trust you. Opppps guess not.
Cheer up, bae.
I would never change my self for a girl
I haven't seen someone overreact until I told them they were overreacting
Hey Enrique Inglesias it's not that dark in Brooklyn, Must have been recorded another day
Eek! Poor Dempsey
Dempsey for prezzz!
Yall youngsters don't know nun bout that song
My mind is clouded I need to like go for a walk or something
Okay my online shopping problem has reached new levels
ive been watching oitnb ever since I woke up and now im on episode 8 I need a break
rap sessions from San Diego to Long Beach with
At a bar tryna turn up wondering why no ones here and realizing it's Monday..
I believe it's a good move &amp; will help TNA . People missed it &amp; now it's back
320think you're really pretty c: . And keep working with makeup yo! You're going to be working for movie sets and shit ! (:
I can't wait for a fucking meatpie, mate.
Almost got my teeth knocked out tonight but fought for the ducks
Happy might have to win by default.
- and I were both wrong about facts so now this car trip must be undertaken in total silence
This world makes to much noise
I will always support justin I will always support Jelena I support everything justin do I'm no hater I'm a supporter I'm a proud BELIEBER
I'll sing you a song, just keep dreaming about me.
35 seconds! USA. Dempsey killed it!
, action s needed to
\": Love my pals ! Missing the bromance! So proud of them! Go buy \"Scarecrow\" on iTunes!\" Yes!!!!
\": yeah is right i look amazing with out make up\"Hermosa always
sweet. waiting for my mom and a tow truck all by myself
When the eagles forget how to fly\nAnd it's twenty below in July\nAnd when violets turn red\nAnd roses turn blue\nI'll be still in love with you
pussy feelin like a lake. my girls, have yo nigga take em on dates. dont cry now its a lil 2 late. U can have him bck after he eat this cake
just because I talk to you doesn't mean we're best friends...
That kick to the nose was gnarly
Y'all still loving this weather? Crazy ass people.
Blasting country while getting ready. Seems pretty America to me.
Like hmmm she kinda ugly bruh
Sandwich an American Ninja Warrior.
Someone let's get food I'll swoop
Want to watch 3 hours of \"boom, boom, boom\" and epic destruction? Go watch . Bravo Michael Bay, Bravo.
Shout out to , just because. You da best, bae.
In jersey, on empty, and this gas station has no power
Someone come over and watch white chicks with me
.once had a 2 week thing w this dude in a band who would fb her long messages that ended w him referring to his \"nightcap\"
These niggas needa quit actin like hoes !
All of me is my favorite song in the world.
Not my first time but it's been a long time
I need to stop saying finna and writing finna. Lol
Ok. I see you ill bro. making me wish my wife was home from work so we could dance in the living room!
She's the Man severely exaggerated the number of backflips that occur in the average futbol game. YOU LIED, BYNES!!!!!
Why is there so much commotion on Bay Parkway tonight?
Who lives in Antigua ??
He's fucking mouth was disgusting ewwwwwww
3 favorites? Can I sit with junior diamond now too
Shit. Probably should have packed clothes and stuff... Already in bed though. Big checklist for tomorrow.
I'm trying to go to wings and things
came to the conclusion that i SUCK at monopoly
I drank 12 beers and I feel sober .. Someone please explain this non sense -.-
Wake the fuck up pussy
My instagram and Twitter isn't working why?
My roommate wants everything and anything she can have a grab to.
Que ganas que te tengo, carajo.
how exciting I love my country way too much
es de reas igual pelear,ah ajajaja
Something isnt right... Theres something missing
im a certified cool drug-doer\n \nheres my badge
Asian girls are winning as of now
First time i seen cole smoking lol
my ability to endure is unheard of
When you're having a good dream and your work alarm clock goes off
People can hate the heat and lebron. But please don't say lebron is trash or lebron sucks lol. Just makes u look stupid.
40 bucks Germany and Holland in the final
I wish I knew what he'll is going on
Im seriously so bipolar i need to go see a doctor or something
Whoever says the beach is romantic is WRONG
Lawson Prendergast's 24-yard INT return for a touchdown gives LI a 24-11 lead late in the fourth. LI about to win its fourth straight title.
Dear friends at edc ... Stop snap chatting me videos. That is all
Isn't that some kind of penalty?
Lynn Whitfield is the perfect person to play Jelena's mom!!
These little boys don't understand that a women wants a man haha keep trying buddy!
On demand you need to fix your SHIT! Need this thrones finale in my life
Waiting for the floors sign eulogy lightshow
Im always good like grandma cookies
why am i trying to see if no one gives me a try.. why am I'm dying to Live if I'm just Living to die.
There's nothing like your own bed
The sad thing is that probably was the best fight of the season
Someone bring me ice coffee i will love you forever
Always spelling these names wrong lol
Feelings don't die easily because we keep feeding them with memories.
Keep You As My Bitch Forever Cause You Know A Nigga Rich Forever
Make you feel some type of way !
LMFAOOO this nigga just tried to play everyone that doesn't like weak ass wolftyla. Nigga she don't even know you. Get yo life lmao.
I didn't want to root for a CONCACAF team but damn, Costa Rica deserved that win.
what's up with girls liking guys with no future
I could eat mayonnaise by itself.
if you're not tweeting about the World Cup or science quizlets, are you even tweeting? (Yes, yes you are.)
I love when music makes me think, question everything, and pushes me to better myself.
I'm bound to binge eat right now
Bounce your ass to bed miss I'm gonna go to bed 10 mins ago
Im gonna die from starvation lmao
\"Some soccer players can be such bitches\"-Mom
We can't wait to have you!!! Mention Twitter guest list for free entry ;)
deleting this app, putting my phone in the garbage disposal
Who wanna get picked up rn?
May I happen to procure some snapchat names?
Can't believe LeBron actually checked himself out and went to the end of the bench. What happened to team? So selfish man.
To wait for the iphone 6 or to upgrade my phone to the 5s?
What on god's earth am I doing for the Fourth of July?
Typin' shit to say to you then deletin' it on my phone when I'm textin'\nCause I still be thinkin' about you like every day, no question
Mikel, Onazi &amp; Moses have to turn it up today. The battle is in the MF!
\": 100 million years ago, a day on Earth lasted only 21 hours.\". Ah, the good ole days!
is here to win
My camper just put ketchup on her bagel and I think I might of vomited a little
This interview is soo dry cough cough
I can't believe my sister is entering high school already.
I wanna go to bingo players Sunday wtf
Sweaty joe biden
I have real time earthquake reports pushed to my gmail. Today was a wild day. Hope the folks in Alaska and New Zealand are ok
He's a great player regardless of all the shit talk. Just didn't have his team show up with year
We shouldn't be brawling. People rely on people
Hands on the wheel
When the same people reply to the same person every FUCKING TIME THEY TWEET. &gt;
i will never get tired of the tinys calling dried mangos \"dried flamingos\"
\": Just tell me the truth\"
Boat engine broke so we're floating home atm
I chose temporary over eternal this weekend.
Next Friday Is The 4th Of July? WTF SUMMER JUST STARTED!!!
Note to self: never go hiking with Andy again.
el juego no se acaba hasta que se acaba ..
IF THE TWINS DONT DANCE WHEN JAY PERFORMS VENUS VS. MARS.....
This grown nigga elbowed me in my mouth on purpose cuzz I was D'ing him up in basketball so he had to catch the hands after tht game ..
Shabbat shalom to all from OneFamily. May this Shabbat bring peace, rest and comfort to the families of Eyal, Gilad and Naftali h\"yd
I want to start a riot but I don't want to be part of it
so fucking annoyed @ oomf rn lol
Ok social media, you were right. is really, very enjoyable.
It feels so good to sit on my deck and eat dinner and drink wine. I love this weather and this view.
when you're at a concert does it suddenly hit you at random moments that the band are real people and not just pictures on the internet
I'm not really digging the whole Greek yogurt phase I don't really get it
I need to go running so badly right now.
I really didn't have to wanna get a Hooker tonight now I have no choice ughhhhhhhhhh Patterson luck at it's finest
Costa Rica probably the only Central American country I would consider visiting haha
Friday night plans: Finish season 2 of OITNB.
I am having some sort of awesome allergic reaction\/sun poisoning situation on my face. aka looking good right now.
And now theIR TRYING to sing one direction and they can't lol
I hate having to WORK to go to sleep, can I just naturally fall asleep? Shittt
Heard Brazil got mad trannyss in the city ... But that ain't none of my business
Why does nick cannon look like....okay nvm
Running doesn't \"clear my mind\" from the latest nastiness but it does make me obsess over something else - I obsess over hating to run
You're as fake as the moans you make, and you're as weak as the hearts you break.
Lmaoo I can't with my grandma.
Gave baby a bath haha he did good at the end ! Lol
It's crazy how my friends don't know how to clean up after themselves
If you don't have the balls to say something to someone's face you shouldn't be writing it online.
my dad just said paramore ripped off ain't it fun????
Keep waking up . Ughh .
Just gotta get through tn and tomorrow and then will be with me and I'll be able to breathe at a normal pace.
Huge accomplishment. Congrats to on winning it all this year! Can't think of a better feeling!
We have other Germans to replace you
I feel like Keke and I would be tight
Calling all murderers who didn't get caught... Give me your ideas
bottles, betties, &amp;bops it look like the fourth of july
Oh wow!Ochoa &amp; Dos Santos of Mexico NFT are on Philippine Trends.Yes,we also watch not just Miss World :)
Business News I wrote: U.S, &amp; UK engage in bolstering trade &amp; investments.
Me and Annie's just fell asleep in her kitchen for a half hour, what is drunk rn
Baby come through me... You deserve a round, round round round.
They say my diamond chain ill , ima sicko
y people say I b bugging like ..,
don't make it long . Make it and , retain their attention. Leave before they get
if you want to ride my face
Honestly hanging out rn with my best friends is amazing
It's just endless combinations of the same old shit.
If this isn't gone by tomorrow I will throw myself into oncoming traffic on Patchogue holbrook road
Hay que celebrar!!!!!!
Fr I have no plans for my birthday anymore.
Thinking about downloading the audible app just so I dont have to actually read these books
Always, always, always put 3x as much effort into AV testing as anything else in an event.
Raised where the beasts are, north of the Beach\nA couple streets past Baby
Redwood city staff recommendation is to approve petition for
THIS SEASON OF TEEN WOLF LOOK LITTTTTTTTTTT
Happy follow Friday ! Please share the love and follow my favorite funnyman for jokes galore!!
Took 3 girls to take 138 bobby pins out of my hair last night
I think I might chew all 18 pieces of this gum tonight
I need someone to bring me food, there is no food in this godforsaken house
Uuuuuhm Idk Because Im Texting You Lol
You know this is not what you want
C-Clown son macho pechos peludos vale. borren lo de vestirse de mujer HAHAH
I made off with one of the turtles. Donatello is in my car right now.
The chlorine was too high in the pool so I've been in the break room since 9:30 making party bags I've made 250 so far I feel like a robot
Regan's friend told me I look younger than her. Reg turned 14 today.....
Saw from Million Dollar Listing last night and didn't say hi
\": I got my shades on, top back, rollin' with the music jacked, one on the wheel one around you baby. -Cole Swindell\"
I suppose if your company relies on getting cheap merchandise from countries that support child labor, you need as many babies as possible.
vou dormir a minha primeira noite em ny
OH MY GOD GINOBILI
If you gave me a chance I would take it, it's a shot in the dark but I'll make it
Damn this may be serious
i wanna kick it to ya girl
crashing a party of 12 year olds come thru it's lit
Turn your negatives into positives. Focus on building a better future. Get &amp; daily posts by following .
\"When life goes well, it is a sudden gift.\"
this city really isn't big enough sometimes
On the plus side, SF has great weather, great companies and really cheap tickets to see the Red Sox in Oakland.
Giving Up Isn't In My Vocabulary.
Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives is the reason I am fat.
if u don't rt that u r probably dumb!!
Now we're here going over the exact same thing I told you before
\"re diferente a las fotos tu novia,yo pense que era fea\" JAJAJAJAJ que hijo de puta este gordo
stoked to go back to my city :-)
What a fun trip. Thank you SF!
I wish someone would run me over with the forklift right now.
You never get a second chance to start things over
The fact that is getting high while I'm gonna be at work blowsssss mine lol, fuck you nigga
Contact Me For Big Mike The Ruler Hosting &amp; Slots 323.522.9901 Or Dm Me Authenticate Yourself Lets Work! | IG:Doddyny
Europe in one week from today.... i need this vacation.
So which pagan celebration is the 4th of July derived from?
Why did I fall for you? Why you? Idk ..
Dreamteam world tour been almost sold out every night thus far
I try to be obnoxiously political, but this is ridiculous.
Pretty Ricky \"On The Hotline\" 2007 be slappin!
you think I'm alone when everybody's around you think I'm home when I'm really out
Steve francis left when jrich hit that lmao
Need hummus and pita pronto
God, I love summer nights.
I hope im keeping some of you entertained tonight with my twitter ramblings.
Baby girl you a blessing
My body is looking right for this summer !
\"But your mind was the night before a revolution\"
any bitch that sent money to Jeremy Meeks needs the fire and ovaries slapped out of them
66' Yvener Guerrier shoots the ball into the net but he his ruled offside. Guerrier looking for his 2nd of the match. Score remains 1-0
Hahahah I sound like such an idiot leaving voicemails...I can talk on the phone fine but the voicemail catches me off guard lmao
So annoyed I don't even wanna go on this date. Smfh.
You can't live without me? Then die.
Put Wando in
\": Ladies, never ever be ashamed to say that you suck dick.\"
I ran to my tent and didn't come out until I had to pee.
I am most of the way through a 5+ mile (I think) walk... I left my charging plugged into my laptop at home D:
If My peple, who are clled by My nme, shl humble thmselves, pray sek crve n of My face and turn frm their wicked ways, then will I hearf H
Ma said these bitches hate cause she got boobies
U.S. is done now
I hate distance. You meet the best people and they are always far away.
I can always tell when they use fake dinosaurs in movies
I CAME TO WARPED IN MY UNDERWEAR BECAUSE YES ALL WOMAN
Fuck you for retweeting all those food pictures. Im so hungry now hahahah
when you're attractive people automatically assume you're unintelligent
In what world is this funny or creative? Women in bondage is probably not what expects in this endeavor
The road is long,we carry on,try to have fun in the meantime
GB or UMG TL?
I feel as if my icon is obnoxious o
I've given up on you, but it still hurts to know you're not alone
Trading would confirm that every personnel decision is 100% money-related.
I wonder how everybody saying USA trash feeling \n\nThey're ranked 13th In the world for a reason
LeBron isn't selfish though. HA!
Derek Jeter has spent approximately half his life as a Yankee. Happy 40th JEETS!
So this chick comes with her boyfriend to the gym just to make out with him after every set. Doesn't even work out.
'Today we celebrate our Independence Day' - Bill Pullman
Fantastic build up, masterful pass from Henry to open the field. Sweet header 1-0
Segundo dia y ya chupando, empezamos bien carajo jajaja
I have owned a total of 1 orange shirt ever in my life
Definitely gotta chug a brewski for that one
Once u hurt ur asshole bfs feelings. UR DONE. Lmao.
I'm about to throw my phone out the window I'm so done with this garbage
The blonde turned pink :(
My work clothes are not cutting it with this sunburnt
World Cup wise...today was not a good day
The things I would do for a slice of Finks right now...
We are quickly approaching 5 hours on this plane....
Cnt believe kori is dragging me out of bed to go to a party.
But this bed is comfy as shit
Looking forward to arriving November 23,2014 on celebrity Millenium with 20 friends from New Jersey. USA
:)) ilysm cam!
I simultaneously use my iPad and iPhone at the same time when they do essentially the same thing
Not fuckin with this sucka no more
Colombia already got an excuse for when they loose
Post shift meal. Kale, half roasted chicken, romesco.
Jk about the mixed girl hashtag. That's lame.
Am I wrong for thinking that we can be something forreal? Yeah I'm wrong.
Off this twitter shit for a while...
I'm scared of being loyal to someone &amp; have everyone else looking at me like: if only she knew ..
I can't imagine what it feels like to be a realist
Sorry, I had to get that outta my head. Carry on
BUT DONT Get me wrong. He's a great player! And has accomplished a lot
Wait what??? 2 weeks??? Tell me this isn't so!!!
Damn man I'm still in aw from that show no lie.
Everybody is yelling yes and watching the game and im headed to work like wtf
\": is always happy so when they actually are upset it's a big deal.\"
Currently being screamed at for breaking the ventilation?
LMAOOOOOO! for real life is one crazy bitch it's too much fun handling this shit i go through
Here comes Jonny futbol
Only Gucci on the golf course
Gave an upgrade and DD coffee before our workout.
So aggravated at the fact I can't sleep right now.
I need to better than good.
I'm old enough to remember Action Park was the struggle Great Adventures... see me @ 6 Flags in a few tho
So where's Donovan?
.worse off the turf but not great off the tee either. I top it or toe hit. I'm probably chicken winging; haven't videoed it.
Wouldnt life be great if there was no such thing as acne?
I want to go to the beach !
Miami heat are on the road and heat fans are leaving this arena early too. They ain't fans at all
Wish I had a bae
I fall asleep to smooth jazz hbu
Can't believe we're open until 11 tonight and I was told this 2 hours before my shift....
According to the one bus is 10 stops away and the other is 39 stops away. I've already been here 10 min.
\"Don't change the temperature\" means Don't change the temperature.
I think change is good though.
someone come rub aloe vera on my body so I know it's real
You are actually repulsive to me now.
Love &amp; Hip Hop Atlanta TONIGHT!
Tiff Bannister get off my timeline I don't got time for your shit right now
I am not coming back to jersey once I graduate college.
What an administration, now we're kissing Iranie butts to help. You just can't make it up. Except for Israel they all hate us. Get it HATE
Never try to fall asleep watching Martin , you will just listen and laugh and never fall asleep
I predict this phone-hacking ruling will be of little interest, at least in the US, outside the media bubble.
6 pack of miller lite = a perfect fucking night
Birth control pills are for chicks that refuse to give up raw dick.
She Said When The Shit Its Real You Just Know ... And I Was Thinking Bout You You Already Know
Went two days with that shit all over my body&gt; xp
Srry , streaming the match on my walk to the bar... Apologize if I steal all the data.
2014 \"Mock\" NBA draft again confirms June as the worst sports' month. At least WC futbol has helped me through the lull &amp; of course Jeopardy
En serio soy fan de las canciones que ponen con cada tema o cada persona que se sienta Hahahaha
Guess I blew it
SAID NO ONE EVER AND NOW I'M GRUMPY AF
Everyone on the east coast is 5 feet tall.
Damn where did the time go ?? I dead didn't know it was this late
That awkward moment when an American citizen crosses into Canada illegally for better job prospects, free health care and education
Why won't my eyes close for like 6 hours &gt;.&lt;
Training so hard for the next 9 months. Auditions after auditions after auditions
I just realized I can name more players from 94 USA World Cup team than this one.
Glad to hear human civilization wasn't destroyed by an asteroid
When someone throw you a party and people you don't know come and they don't say anything to you lol.. uhmm do you belong here?
Do you hear that, Ghana? It's the sound of REVENGE.
Literally just had the subway ride from hell ... 45 min ride just took over 2 hours
\"You're not clever, you're UGLY\"
I'm actually so damn emotional rn with this
YES. Michael Dal Colle!!!!
meus amigos ficam falando a tu corre muito atras das gurias errada
Damn all up in Bron's face
Yes! takes be lead lets go!!!!!
Ky did u guys order the cremation jewellery?
Sanford &amp; Son is HILARIOUS, i love this show
I don't understand what this movie is about lol
WHY MUST I BE WORKING
I'll take a nap &amp; then maybe I'll do my hair
No clue what the announcers are saying until they say \"GGGGOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!!!\"
Tooooooooo hot out
Teen wolf is back baby
&amp; I was like, why are you so obsessed with me?
Ain't takin shit for granted id like too thank my creator
I actually like the radio edit of West Coast more than the original now.
Enough harm already! Leave him and us in peace....I will go out and start biting on Suarez support!!!
There are a lot of sports happening in my personal space right now.
Here we fucking go!! USA USA USA USA USA
niggas freeze up when its time fa action
porfin las cosas se van mejorando
I get back thats y I blow it
I already miss cape cod &amp; the ocean &amp; my friends &amp; having a house to ourselves &amp; getting fucked up &amp; I haven't even been home for 24 hours
Like you are not a rapper. &amp; I am not a producer. Take that shit and go to the left.....
I must of missed the part where you told me how this involves you?
She was hating on the Ed Hardy. Lol I got a Ed Hardy hat &amp; that shit is some FIUUH.
I'll change the oil on my car lol
Straight up creeped out of work right now lol I'm awesome
Apparently joe Biden is out president now
I am so grateful for leftovers
This cat almost fucking died cause someone thought it'd be funny to get him high. He's just a kitten too holy shit I am losing my shit
You know it's a Wednesday when I'm doing everything in my power not to write my article.
I always assume shit and I really shouldn't because it upsets me for no reason
I hate people who talk with food in there mouth
Your a pothead and got herpes from your bestfriend lmfao damn
Giving my son the only 2k whooping just quit bro
MY MOM IS SENDING ME POP TARTS\n\nPRAISE JESUS
Idk if I'm still drunk but I think I actually might be excited to my roommate. Even if he is already talking shit about my whiteness.
What a beautiful goal
Migraine days suck. Finally able to get out of bed.
I need to learn how to surf
The headless guillotine avis must have been strange during the French Revolution.
A truly awesome trip to Darien Lake.
I'm hoping I'll be in town for pride.
oh hell no there is not gonna be this naked girl walkin around the house
Once I get off work, if you see me in public, don't expect a smile, Don't expect me to hold a door for you. Don't expect any nice typa shit
Holy FUCK this episode of Law and Order is so fucked up and sad
Every human deserves honesty at the very least
I JUST BIT INTO THE AVOCado AND IT WAS HARD AS A ROCK I WANT A REFUND
\": oh well, i tried.\" Hey Now you are back!!!!
WHY DIDNT I GO OUT AND DRINK TONIGHT WHY AM I LAYING IN BED OVERTHINKING FUCKING EVERYTHING WHY IS EVERYONE IN MY LIFE SO SKETCHY AH
.According to HuffPo article you tweeted ALL of the NewDemCoa voted w\/Repubs to gut Dodd-Frank. 73 dems voted w\/Kochs so...
I know my mom pisses me off and we bump heads alot but at the end of the day she supports me &amp; defends me like no other
\"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.\" Walter Begehot a little motivational quote from my tea!
I use Twitter way less when I'm not fearing for my life in a bus screaming down the mountain
In Howard we trust
My step dad is trying to talk me into getting that 2013 challenger...
Damn this how the heat play wit they back to the wall?
This bobby pin is hurting my head
I guess it was one time thing bc my ask is so dry right now !!!!!!
I think it is my first national championship from an alma mater. Vandy wins college World Series
Hahahaha can't believe we found someone actually understands how my friends and I talk and goes alone with it
Likes: Foot rubs, pretzels, pets who look like their owners.\nDislikes: Long sleeves under tee shirts and people who don't fill up the Brita.
Where's my baja blast from Taco Bell??:)))
OH MY GOD THAT LAST NOTE WHAG THE FUCK LUKE OH MY GOD
yall these thots got me sick man
Guys let's do everyone a favor and have round 2 tomorrow so everyone knows and can see what really happens ;)
That is a man. That is a man. Right. There.
nothing will be the same I can tell
If I want to go see graduation tomorrow what time should I show up? ?
Pesce is my favorite boy that walks this earth
If you don't see it you can never walk away. If you don't feel it, it's gonna get harder everyday.
Robert Moses State Park is free of charge right now btw
I don't give a damn shawty watch me knock your boots off
I will never get sick of watching Dear John and I will continue to sob every time as well
What goes around comes around
\": I'm in a I hate everyone mood right now\" me 24\/7.
Dinners over, had a big dessert so the only thing to do is eat more pasta
I'm too much of a pussy to drink anymore
It don't matter who Spo would've played lol Spurs was in they ass the whole series. Come on now
Chris...FLAME THIS NIGGA KEVIN HART PLEASE!
I think I'll drink about you one more time
Nothing like a flat tire on 684 to get a Monday going
Knowing I met him before he was even on the charts is such an honor. I'm so proud to say I've been supporting him since day 1
La cosa es que no soy de esas personas que le cuenta a sus amigos toda la historia de lo que piensa y sucede.
Shit of Parton, it's Friday let's get it on
Oww Clint Dempsey. Even my nose huets. :'(
Gr8 seeing 2nght--primed for the 4th, but feel a bit sad there is no &amp; we will raise a glass (or 6)!
saw the Cali family, had in-n-out, and got kicked out of the Googleplex. i think i'm ready to head back to Fed.
Is Koons like Two and a Half Men or Chipotle?
All that hateful shit you did why would I think you love me
I lightweight like what pharrels wearin except for dat hat lol
I would cheat and lie and steal\nnow I'll stay at home and kneel for you.
need to attempt to make all these quick movements today
Missy Elliott out here cat fishing .. Via
Watching the 1996 Nba Draft
Next year I'm going to the BET Awards lol. I bet the tickets cost bread.
22 days until I'm 22 on the 22nd
Me and rose have WAY too much fun doing stupid shit
Wow that was an awkward breakup thing ?
Clint dangles!!!! Damn boi
We are always running for the thrill of it
Sometimes I wonder if anyone ever misses me...
I wanna wish everybody a happy 4th. Even you fuck niqqas.
Son can someone explain to me why niggas be 26 and still be living wit mommy
The fucking birds always wake me up from their stupid chirping
Will someone please tell this bitch to shut the hell up. I can't do it anymore
Really ain't make no difference what this ishh made.
my mom really loves Pharrell like chill fr
About 2:30 am right now prolly will wake up at 7:30-8 still...
tHERES GONNA BE A MIDDLE FINGER EMOJI IM SO HAPPY
JURGENS FACE HAHAHAAH
German American Jermaine Jones broke the tie for the ! Amazing strike!
Leave it 2 Mum 2 have prezzies &amp; cards waiting 4 me when I get home. I know where I get my words frm cuz wht she wrote def made me tear up.
why am i having so many allergic reactions to random things
I listened to make beautiful music at tonight. Y'all missed out
So mad at someone rn I was running down the stairs and fucking tripped now my knee is black and blue
Waiting around for the Germany game is gonna be torture
Omg was LITERALLY THEEE funniest thing I've ever seen in my entire life. I'm not mad about it at all.
in the mood to eat an x ray machine
I. Am. A. Fucking. Tomato. Lobster. Thing.
Doesn't even feel like the 4th of July.....
I hate it out here. Can't wait to move.
9:28 pm, and throwing down my preworkout, bad ideas
I hate you but I love you
No longer door mat
100% of the time people need to take their own advice
If you think you're better than anyone else... YOU'RE DEFINITELY WRONG.
Good night gotta wake up early and take Bart ughhhh
I feel Jozy's pain
Off the plane for a minute and all I hear is non stop horn beeping
I always live traffic after a log day at work
you're bomb a'f and that's just straight honesty
OH MY GOD ITS THE TOUR DATES I HOPE SO YES YES TOUR DATES LEA PLEASE!!
I'm like 'I need that $63' and he's like 'yea I got u next week' ok cool but rly I'm like today is Monday what the fuck do 'next week' mean?
My head hurts so fucking bad
A twelve year old just complemented me on my eyes.. I feel special
So upset I wasted such a beautiful day
This guy at the show looks like James Franco Spider-Man era
I can't wait to get outta this place
Desperately need a new phone cause mine is shit.
i'm on fire, i feel it everywhere\nnothing scares me anymore.
Everyone has problems but dont let it effect others negatively like damn.
Where da weed man at
Staff bowling night Saturday hopefully it happens lol
Fuck that little bitch. Looks like I'm not the middle child anymore.
Of course I have a pimple today
So Daenerys favorited my tweet. I guess you can say things are getting kind of serious.
He still got that energy tho.
WHERES A PS3 GTAV SQUAD AT? OR BLACKOPSII S&amp;D SQUAD?
i have a strong sexual energy towards peter ferhinger
Why didn't president Obama didn't talk to me about ( redistribution wealth in person) he did it anyway. I love my Medicare.
I crack myself up with the shit I say
My dad has found dead bodies in random ass places.
Is anyone going to NYC pride this Sunday???
Miami only has one player signed thru next season
U put ur dick in her asshole ?
A nice kick to the nuts
Nothing good has happened since you ruined it all
I'm turning 21 in 2 weeks. I have been watching YouTube since I was 13. Do you understand how exciting is for me???
Mexican , Taller den me , Pretty eyes , Freaky , but LOYAL .
all the sudden I'm in love , oh god it's almost summer.
Can't wait to see all the lol
Miami Heat just lost all their fans accept awhole 5 lol
Es de sabios ser como yo
DAMN STOP FUCKING BITCH YOU LITTLE BITCH DAMN
ITS FUCKIN MERICUH. TIME TO GET HAMMERED
I've never been more excited about attending a sporting event as now at Stadium for the best rivalry in pro sports.
told me that she 2 on.... HA!... thats cute we a few on
I kind of have an obsession with Chevy Silverados
High paid slaves with high paid issues
My water bottle sounds like a hamster on it's wheel... X|
Twitter this is so important please answer with constructive responses to the following question ----
Blame it on the weather but I'm still a mess
Couple drunk girls bang on the door obnoxiously to ask if I lost a dog. That 4 legged fella barking at you for 5 mins until I wake up as you
130: Don't know much about you either but I've only heard great things from other people and you listen to killer music
Very little beats playing soccer then having an English muffin pizza dinner with your younger brother
It smells like toothpaste and cologne on the train
Hedonism: the doctrine that pleasure or happiness is the most important thing in life
JERMAINE FUCK JONES!!!! I BELIEVE!!!!!!!
Girls turn down compliments and say how ugly they are and how insecure they are but they can post three selfies a day? Explain..
Nigga i could of caught that tf
S\/O to for the BIGGIE Tribute this Morning That Started my Morning Thank You
Tamar feelings going to be hurt when bey perfom
Now everyone's awake!
I'm so sick of being the only sophomore\/junior who doesn't get into shit like excuse me? Yes take more freshman instead please I love it
can it just he Sunday already? I'm trying to be turnt at pride hahaha
HHH just in time to drop ratings in the second hour!
So glad to announce that all hard work has paid off and the truth is about to said here on twitter.
- she shoulda did another song omggg
Had my internet on all night fuck offfff
. it was the best of times , it was the worst of times
How heartbreaking to be the only person to miss a PK though
I had no idea was such an amazing singer. What is this sorcery?
WHEN OUR GOV.KILLS A U.S.CITIZEN AND THE WORD GETS OUT.YOU WILL SEE PATRIOTS COME TOGEATHER LIKE NEVER BEFORE IN HISTORY.
WHY ARE WE ON A DELAYY THANK YOU TWITTER YAYAYYAAYYyyYYy
Is Big E a fucking preacher? WWEUNIVERSE
What to do with me nights when I'm not teaching anymore.....
Kinda wanna do something tn, kinda want to just go to sleep
finally about to watch since i was on vaca and missed &amp; my 4th plans maybe cancelled
The harder you push yourself the higher you get.
That Cordelione is a drunk isn't a \"belief.\" It is a fact on record in CA Criminal Court.
Rap songs about working hard and also playing hard never talk about how hard it is. Trying, is hard.
oi p quem volta pro brasil hoje
It helps that she was pretty too, didn't have to do much to keep my attention hahaha
The sleep station on Pandora has helped me fall asleep the past few nights, not tonight I guess
What to do on this wonderful Friday night?!
ROCKIES SWEEP THE GIANTS!
Gonna b home all night im guessing lol fuck this
Lol a lot of people happy!!
I got scheduled to be oncall on the 4th.. Is this a joke
Should I wear my flag jean shorts like every other girl today?
Apparently didn't met my DMs
Could have raised such a great fighter :(
\": youuurrrr mad OR NAH\" OR NAH
I might be the happiest girl right now
I really want to do Karaoke
When I was typing that's awkward, autocorrect tried to change it to thatsbae lmao for why
Cain and blanco starting off the sixth. Heres hoping for a two out rally.
I'd really like to know what they put in the gift bags at the Oscars.
I keep forgetting how weird\/random\/awesome my life is
As group of dudes going to pride together is just weird in my opinion
OK SO IM GOING TO GET ONE PERSON A VIDEO OF JACOB SAYING \"I LOVE YOU Y\/N\" AND ILL GIVE HIM YOUR USER FOR FAV\/RT AND ILL PICK SOMEONE RANDOM
LeBron is gonna cry hahahhahaha
Medyo kamuka ni nicole si nadine
Doesn't get much prettier than that
or don't carry on the conversation lol.
Why is everyone comparing Tim to Kershaw? He'll never be better than Kershaw. EVER!
Amazon had perfect customer service, no wait and a quick refund
Just Woke up from a nap
\"I just want to murder sui-e all of them\"
I'm not gonna be mean but that don't mean I have to be happy for you
We are here !!! Palm Springs...
Gonna stay in my room like I've been doing all summer...
Mine will be a kingdom in which every meal includes dill and haters can go ahead and behead themselves at the serve-yourself guillotine.
TOP FIVE BEST DANCING SINGERS!\n\nJustin Timberlake
Yes yes yes Dempsey you fucking gorgeous man 2-1
I enjoyed reading all of the sweet Father's Day messages to all of the fathers that don't have social media and will never see them
\"All I ever wanted for you was boobs and happiness.\" Honestly made my night
Deshae and Devin Jones are easily the best first time soccer players ever.
I shoulda let pimp's hoe bitch from the town get on your ass when I had the chance
Been up for over an hour bc I'm so paranoid &amp; refuse to sleep bc some bug flew in from my bedroom window &amp; I don't know where it is now
This is the first year I haven't gotten written up since 4th grade
My fav Bobby Womack song \"I Wish He Didn't Trust me so Much\"
\"When he was his father was killed,and he was about ten when his brother died of unknown causes, after reigning only three years.\"
I have only opportunity in front me .
I literally just went from the best fucking mood to the worst fucking mood.
\": God we open our heart and mind to You tonight and we receive Your Truth~IJN Amen\"
Mar r u sleeping? Uggels Snuggels Buggles ily xoxo
Happy Father's Day dad! Love you degenerate !!!!!!
Being sick is literally the worst
I find them so attractive
If it's not on the first page of results, it doesn't exist.
i got:\nSeen:\nfav actor\/actress:\nfave song:\nCast album:\n\nrt for a bway show
Do I have green eyes or blue eyes..
Sweet Jesus unlimited breadsticks and zuppa Tuscana and chicken alfredoooo
i am not a patient person.
Presenting my soccer credentials: 7hrs post-surgery, on couch, DVR TV synced with SlingBox on PC from other DVR, ready to view
I'm hella mad I feel like buying some rock revivals online
\"Alex why do you never wear clothes\" Bye dad
= dilf central
I need to realize my puppies aren't puppies anymore because I'm going to get a hernia if I keep trying to pick them up.
I want this Spanish guy to roll his R's into my ass.
All my types are dedicated to all who has time to read it
He went to jail for stealing a 2-piece from Popeyes? Lmao
Hey did you guys know that Jane is afraid of whales
Wow. Some ppl dunno common figures of speech. Are assholes and super immature.
Englewoods free wifi is really doing right rn
Kofi Kingston a Savage in the Ring
5 more hours until we reach I can smell the kindness, peace, and voluntaryist exchanges from here!
Whats worse rooneys corner or ronaldos shot?
I swear Trader Joe's has the best snacks.
Football is violent
The first few songs in the mix I'm working on are James brown\/dipset anthem\/Steve miller band\/my hitta my hitta .. Summer time grill shit
\": Breakfast in bed sounds really good right now\" yes please !
he's got a rocket in his boot
My dad keep callin my mom \"scary self\" she not scared she's just more cautious of her surrounding...unlike him
Seattle player scores in the first minute!!
Oy! Don't you be startin on capricorns
Treatin myself to red lobsters
I wish I was laying back in bed
Wow some ppl are just so goddam shallow..grow tf up
I WILL marry the first guy I fart in front of
In life there is hardship for some hardship makes them cower and other are driven to over come it, becoming stronger in the process
Amy winehouse was so soulful , I love her so much .
After almost a week behind the wheel dealing with the MTA is especially soul crushing tonight.
my dad told me someone tried to break into our house and failed but they left a drill and now he's juiced about getting a free drill
Yesterday after work we were all eating ice cream in the men's bathroom and I felt so awkward being the only girl in their lol
El que no este enamorado que le de gracias a dios
My soul will rest in Your embrace, for I'm Yours and You are mine!
My first day of summer was a crazy but litt
When I see animal abuse it makes me sick
Countless guest appearances tonight. my brain can't handle this.
I be bugging out and can't find my phone
I just did a 17 hr work night shift\/dayshift w\/work again tonight? It'll all be worth it, I'm tryin to get those DOLLA DOLLA bills na meannz
\"Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank God that you know me, and have access to my dementia?\"
just busting out my lil for tonight workout. Gonna post a vid on my IG under this name. Look out fo it
someone bring me bacon pizza from dominos so I know you love me
HAPPY 4th of JULY to All
Turning nineteen tomorrow and still don't know how to turn on the dishwasher...
Sick of the same shit every other day
Can't hate on Cain because he earned that money. But sabean should be careful handing out big contracts to pitchers from now on...
\"If I've taught you anything, it's the beauty of Abba. Tweet that.\" -Shelley Barish
Showing visitors a Monday night in SF
I'm so God damn frustrated with so many different things right now
Molly, purp, lean I gotta fuckin drug habit
Oooooh and yo hand always stay out nigga you broke shut up
My opinion never matters, what i say doesn't matter, basically i don't matter.
Grace ya snapchat story :\/
Biggest tease having a license and not being able to drive
will forever sleep alone
I wasnt a priority to you then so why should i be now lol
Time for the last good sleep for 4 days goodnighttt people get ur rest noww!
If you see us in the club you'll be acting real nice \nIf you see us on the floor, you'll be watching all night.
Sos I need to bring some fire power over here
Would be nice if my dad answered the phone
When lyndsay laughs she enjoys slapping me in the arm
Always doing stupid shit to cut my hands up
Ghana...it's been real..
Today we celebrate our Independence Day
My sight on people be so wrong sometimes
.For a Kiowa man to defend an appropriator to the native community is disgusting. How can we rise above these insults?
I don't feel like going to work today
Hey, here's a thought. The pitch came straight from the top: let's invade Korea (south) and give it to the DPRK, then whole peninsula to PRC
Pops Got So Muuch Loud In His Room . I Can Hear It ,
why does there always have to be an important reason for me to want to do something?
Lmaoo\nHour long shower? \nThat's normal\n\nBut that's none of my business
Dempsey 32 seconds in
Fear does not stop death, it stops life
Rock me mama like a wagon wheel
Lol @ everyone whose fuckin with you
I feel a little breeze tho
Beach House &amp; and the bae
met some rly cool ppl today
Congrats to Tim Lincecum for another no hitter! Amazing job by the freak!
My phone won't send text messages
I apologize for the swear. Not typical in my feed.
There's really nothing I value more then my grandmothers advice, knowledge, and life lessons.
I need to shower
Why don't I ever put question marks at the end of my sentences
Do you have a Chief Mindfulness Officer?
When I see you in a shirt that says \"love bama sweet tea and the SEC\" my brain automatically adds \"and my cousin\"
Then he hit em w the stepback 3
Re read the convo from earlier. Still dying.
hoy es el dia de sarabanda toda la gente va a celebrar
If anyone wakes me up tomorrow I will seriously fuck your day up
I love twitter lol fr it be my late night entertainment
I want tonight to come faster
Holy shit what an amazing shot!!
\"Yo ma you gonna be up in the morning to iron my clothes\"
Correction: Giants losing, 6-0. Top of the eighth inning. But I have NEVER left a Giants game early.
TENGO UN HAMBRE QUE NO JUEGA.
SUBSTITUTION: Brooklyn makes a change. Jonathan Avila enters the game for Christian Uy
I thought that things like this get better with time
the one black dude here is rapping and eating fried chicken lmao hes the homie though
There's nothing worse than opening up to someone and have them throw it back in your face
Some of these people went in for their cap decoration and I feel like mine looks like poo now
\": Blood makes you related, loyalty makes you family.\"
let's name it cadbury let's name it nip
Can I please be in LA already.
It makes me happy when people tell me how much they love my food :)
Why wasn't hoethea leaving with her man Benzino in his time of need?
It's already almost 8? Where did my day go?? Oh right, Work.
Lemme stop tweeting dumb shit lol
I just ran into traffic so justin could puke ok the sidewalk
I want someone that I can text goodnight every night and good morning every morning.
It's a Friday night and I'm at Lowe's...
All the Games I actually wana watch I'm always working
Damn it...Jozy :(
I am not moving to dp
Can't tell if we're playing the Portuguese Soccer team or the Portuguese Diving team
Also spurs, goddamn
This west coast weather though &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Having a test tomorrow morning is really killllin my vibe
i hate people that text me non stop when i don't answer
I think a guy is always supposed to make their female feel like a woman. Not make her feel like she's the one wearing the pants
\"I want a penis\" quote
This night is turning out great tbh
Flopped dumb hard
Why tf did my mom leave me and my sister at this cabin , 20 minutes from the beach with no food and she's been gone for 2 hours.
not going to be able to sleep anytime soon :-)
the internet killed block buster, cold blood
So disappointed in this .
Apparently Ghana players didn't get paid their bonuses? \nHmmm...
\": usa goal !\" GOOOOOOOOOAALLL!!!!!
It's fucking summer can people stop being such faggits and do something
I would hate going to a small school and having your highschool graduation in a gym or auditorium, it wouldn't feel as special.
That was dirty
Ramies swats solo HR over left field fence, game tied 6-6, oh my
She know she can get all that
Atta boy JJ. Beto didn't even move.
why the hell is this chick on the show if she don't wanna sing???
If you drive stick, get a head start on your sprint, by starting in 2nd gear. youll skip number 1 and get the jump on the competition
Why did people feel the need too annoy me when I'm sleeping wtf
Relationships are a joke now days..
i would tell u i like u, but theres no fucking chance you like me.
3rd time cops came to house . Blowing off fireworks
Besler is done..
I guess I look like Diplo?
I'm one of the South Park emo kids
Not having a fantastic day on independence day :( x 1000000
Estoy de tu lado no me pidas mas que eso.
The only Argent I want to come back is Allison.
My dad calls me when he's bored at work just to talk
Chris Rock sees you insight, starts picking on u.... Smh
Four ladies at a baseball game talking about the butts and well ya know. Women are dirty, but our vulgar language was expected.
How come all the super model attractive boys go to rosewood?
Niggas want there team to be where the heat are !
Shit is bullshit
Kinda sorta ready to be home
Yeah I'm staying off twitter Til the end of this one. I wanna actually watch it without distraction.
Why do Mexicans have such bad haircuts?
You don't even have to ask twice, you can have my heart or we can share it like the last slice
Who going to get MVP tho? Leonard, Green, Parker, Duncan?
So Verne critz is wack what else is their to do !?!
Can't wait to dance w my chicas tn :)
This trip was a waste of time and money..
Wheres samia :(
Tricia and I both already picked up 2 18s .. It's fine
Sit ur pregnant ass home B!
head of under and all say we should take action against climate change. Take that republicans.
I don't want to wake up until we're okay
When girls look old &amp; dead without makeup &lt;&lt;&lt;
Rakitic signed with Barcelona?? That's a great pick up by them.
I don't hate you. I will not bless u with my hatred ur not worthy. I just can't stand your existence
You know it's true when retweets it
i want chipotle but I also want pizza and a burger but i need fries...do u see my dilemma
Took a nap, woke up to no dinner and nothing to do.
I dont think ive experienced baby fever.
Damn what I'd give to be in Brazil right now!!
AX is in like a week. and I cant go &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;:(
I just put on my make up for work
fighting with my father every night is so dam exhausting...
Wow FML why did I agree to work today
Lil Wayne &amp; zendaya looks FOWL
I need to date myself focus on my self love myself because I deserve it
I'm doing something new to my hair! I'm so excited!
Why does it smell like poop eerywhere I go today ?
Its been summer for a month and a half for me and people are still taking regents exams and tests
Crazy how things are just unpredictably happening like this.
Somebody should have a Getty tonight or something
Do you ever just start crying and not know why.
The more you like yourself the more you like other people. The more you like yourself the less you fear failure and rejection.
\"Not always to find happiness you must have somebody. Some people are happier alone than badly accompanied. \"
this is not gonna end is it?
Finally gave in and forcing myself to drink a cup of tea
.Oh for crying out loud, don't you have tea to tend to or something?
BBQ en el Bronx
\": aren't stubborn, it's just that when they know what they want, they aren't going to change their mind.\" RT!
Terrible attempt by Ronaldo.
I wonder what cait is doing right now.
When up from yg played at a house party you know shit bout to pop off
Should I text you
OMG first 40 seconds gooooaaaaalllll !!! Go
In the mood for chicken rice and beans
I'm so jealous of anyone who is currently sleeping
Will I ever get a break?
I'm actually front row rn wtf
Why is Marrakesh Express stuck in my head for Gay Pride?
I feel like I've been hit by a ton of bricks.
As long as we advance into the round of 16 I'll be happy
Show me that kitty ?
diggy simmons is so cute oh my godddddd
Had to splurge and got the matte multiple in Siam and matte lipstick in Valparaiso. So excited to experiment.
Shout the fuck out to Milli for having racks on deck. Fuck.
I'm schvitzing in this beautiful suit. I'm also hyper manic and it's causing me to flout the foot traffic law I rigidly defend (competency).
Where's the moves , I'm Rey smack somebody .
Don't child quote but \"we get Bella (our new kitten) the rest my kid life? Yeah! \" - Marcus Bruckert
Wish I had FIFA 14 rite about now
Best god damn July 4th I can remember!
If you're letting this rain ruin the greatest day of the year
I just remembered how much I hate being called \"trouble\" that's like worse than being hit on by a grandpa
Just passed a child wearing a shirt that said: \"This is not a shirt. This is my LOOK.\"
Sucks how I don't get any help from financial aid
Mine and handshake for tomorrow is legit as hell.
Our seats for this game are too nice!
not only is graduation extremely boring i have to wait the whole time just to here them announce my brothers name
also today i had to explain my twitter avatar to some very confused fellow new hires
The beach was so nice today!
goal: get nicer legs than harry
The Les Twins are legit too
I'm just like a good red wine. I get better with age
What. A. Rip.
6 days until I come home.
I'm about to be board out of my mind.
I've haven't heard that theme song in a long time.
I just saw a tag for camel toe power is that real? Don't you guys love yourselves? Wth
The only fucking time I wanna be in fucking Bayville shit actually happens lolz WTFFFF
holy shit some people need to figure it out
Grilling rn dont feel right without
so hungry :( &amp; im so upset that i gained back too pounds. ugh. hopefully i lose it tomorrow!
My brother is so good w kids even though he doesn't look like it
It's just straight down pouring out there...
Imagine Nash following you and you think it's a fan account but then you go on twitter and realize it's him
I don't ever want to be ordinary.
