She's pregnant and he dgaf! Now she understand it was a mistake for leaving me! Idc idc
My hair always ends up in messy bun I just don't care .
More to follow for news:
Yo I hate the spurs but I hate Lebron more . Spurs played they ass off I've never been more happy for a team I didn't like
\": you just do u uma do me sometimes we can do each other\"
A nigga can't cry her self to sleep. \nIt just shows I'm weak.
guillermo ochoa is on some next level stuff. just awesome to watch
\"next time the fwench fwies will be for me\" - alana
Ugh i hope my dad can pick me up when we get to East L.a
Imagine having someone that scratched your back until you fell asleep omgggg
It's my bday weekend which sexy female is sitting my face !!!
Someone who I can talk about EDM w\/&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
\"You're the reason that my heart beats, and you're the reason that it breaks.\"
I fake miss this jackass can't even lie
Looooooove Mary so much, her voice is perfection.
ao som de Iggy Azalea
Cue Pepperidge Farm Milano cookie jokes...
A quick reminder that Ed Westwick's accent is fucking hot
Someone kik me im bored: nick_acosta99
can someone make a confession about me bc im actually really curious
Good morning Cam.i hope you have a great 4th of July weekend
Stop fucking texting my phone yoooo. Tf am I getting mad for? Imma just blocking ppl tbh .
Just because someone disagrees with your views doesn't mean they're wrong . People are different.
Did my avi change to me and Aleah hugging?
\": 1994-2014\" \nMe: :( say it ain't so!!!!!
There's no better feeling than coming home from a tiring day at work.
So close yet so far, Greece!
ive had the worst allergies since last night
I get to see my bitches tomorrow
Why does it take countless hours to get out of New York
is today seriously the last day of 8th grade
Too bad sucks at BP
crying so hard i had to go to the bathroom and pee
I do not appreciate the porn being retweeted onto my timeline
Columbia vs Brazil is going to be a battle today
OH NO HIS NOSE WHAT THE HELL
Holy shit I didn't foresee that going in
Leonardo DiCaprio is apparently in the crowd, hopefully not taking lemon ludes
S\/o to the sperm that I jet past.
Omg I feel so bad for this guy he's all trying to help his gf and she's so mean \"I DONT WANT A TREADMILL SO LETS GO.\" Hahahaha whyyyyyy
Brutally angry that the lady at the movies didn't ask to see my id. These kids in hear are clearly not 17.
That's what I'm talkin about!!\n
Happy fourth everyone !!! Working some OT this weekend .
abril gila me clava el visto
Ball don't lie
A little messed up but we'll be okay
Holy lack of energy...I'm making a late workout run with and at home.
I only ask for two items, but because it costs so much for one already, I feel like I'm asking for too much from my family.
Happy 238th birthday 'Merica. You don't look a day over 150.
I think bae fell asleep on me!
My favorite player from the 2011 championship run is finally HOME!! Welcome back to Dallas, !
I want to go to a restaurant where they hand feed me.
If you wanna lose weight, get h pylori. If you like food... Don't.
Mother Nature dropping the bass with that thunder
The NYC airport has more options for me to eat than the entire state of PA
Jocelyn really think Stevie is faithful when he cheated on Mimi with you &amp; prob did the same to Mimi
Thank goodness Sebastopol is a civilized city-state. Sunday available here w\/ Magazine section.
got some secrets I forgot to mention, haven't learned my lesson
the defending champions out after 2 games..... Crazy?! look strong....
Damn!!!!! Fuck yeah!!!?
And to continue with my complaining, my phone keeps freezing, like nigga this is not freeze dance stop. Geez man
This game is so bad I'm just looking for on the side
don't ask me to watch a scary movie with you and expect me not to squeeze your hand
Girls search for perfect men, while failing to realize how imperfect they are.
Not really sure how I've made it this far in my life without ever shotgunning a beer
craving motz sticks. it's 10 AM.
Ohhhhhhh shit!!!!!! SIIIICCCKKKKKKK JONES!!!! now we in the game...
Facts But Jordan Was Averaging Nearly 40 A Game A Few Finals
Just got up that's a change
What is the point in pointing out someone else's flaw??
Just realized I left a diet coke in the freezer at work. When it explodes I will deny deny deny. Sick day Monday? I think yes.
I'm just going to chill . From now on I'll just be on that it is what it is type shit .
I don't feel like I have 5 hours of energy
Been so busy after school I'm missing conditioning ;\/
Oh hey biglia i see u
Anyone that has anything to say about lebron has never been a basketball player
I think my mom is going to Oregon. can she take me with her?!
Someone entertain me on snapchat !!!
WTF IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE
This for shawty up in glenncove
ok i was lying. i like my men the same way i like dick, tall and black.
Hugh Hefner is a cheap sugar daddy. Doesn't that ruin your day?
And the hoes that love smoking and love drinking
\"20 years ago that was a good tackle\"-Ian Darke speaking truth.
I just wana get to know you.
...lemme know how much is bail babe RT : August Alsina is a retard. I'm convicted
shoutout to my neighbors who haven't stopped doing fireworks for like three days.
You ever do the best possible thing for someone but they're too stupid to realize it?
Manu taking over
Can't share a bed with Natasha like I can't. I need to wrap up like a burrito stop hogging the blanket
Somebody shoulda seriously bring me to six flags IDC if we hardly know each other
To early to be this tired
Manu Ginobli is ballin b
One more hour.
Come on base hits please
Vonnae and kanisha are annoying -.- all i see are them talking back and forth about nonsense
Work is literally killing me this week
4 more followers until I reach 1000! Let's do this.......
My fellow brothers and sisters we will need each other in a time of need ... We are all soldiers of a different struggle
Tu jevo ami me llama y tu no lo sabe .
Legendary lovers is such a great song god damn.
Sisters graduation tomorrow.. Who else abouta be there
I just wanna keep yelling \"USA\" at the top of my lungs
No I didn't see me on the six o clock news, I was all up in Twitter. Speaking of all up in it, that's what sayz!
I am both pretty and friendly\n\nI've been told
I don't know what I'm getting myself into with you
LOL IM REALLY BORED AND HUNGRY SO
Not too sure when 'cool beans' made its way into my vocabulary but really wishing it'd find its way out
how did I just disable my iPad for 15 minutes...
this generation has killed the purpose of originality.
\"tweet straight\" omg fuck my brain is all scrambled
Le quedo cabron
Shiet woke up today with hella energy
I met a lot of new people too. Lol
Just want to be cut off from the world for a few days
It ain't something to brag about babehh
\": \"If you leave, please stay gone\"\"
San Francisco is going wild right now!
To the guy sitting next to me in the movie theater chewing really loud while eating popcorn. Do you want to die ?
Happy 4th. If you need me I will be at home tending to my pimples.
Don't tell me what to do or how to manage my money.
My homie got killed for a 600 so I'm gon kill for a 600
I don't know whether I want to go to sleep or stay up
I have a helium voice trapped in my head and it's on my throught
I want a bacon egg and cheese burger
I'd drop acid with your mom if she asked.
Remind these bitches to mind their business.
I fell asleep before 10.. what even
When bae hits you up with that good morning you might as well wake up too
for such a hot night in Brazil that goalie sure looked frozen.
Spurs making Miami look like a rec team
And with that win by bracket remains unscathed. Yesssa
people who have met the boys and tweet the picture literally like five times a day must be stopped
Your put in a situation where you have no power to do anything.
OK d'Arnaud, welcome back. Now or never kid
ici tu sors avec une meuf 6 mois tu lui fais un bb ils sont paro le mariage il s en beurre ahah
The line at bcaf is making me want to dissect my eyeballs
Worst part about carpooling with my mom to school\/work is having her critique everything I wear
Holy shit a goal in less than 30 seconds!! Clint Dempsey is a beast!
That dunk! In your face!
Sad part is a lot if people don't got proper public restroom etiquette lol
ESPECIALLY if that person clearly doesnt care what you think.
\"By the time I was 14 I was shooting heroin with my dad. If she doesn't know what's going on by now she's fucking retarded.\"
A word of advice. The time to be especially careful is when things seem to be going along just fine.
Me and my dad are just alike. Just alike. Which is why we constantly bump heads.
Street cred++: when some lovely lesbian ladies are enthusiastically cheering your moves at the nightclub.
People these days are so fucking disgusting and immature
Guys are so weird. One day they want ya one day they don't. Like come on let's get some consistency going fellas.
I can sense it already. That you're wasting my time lol.
Philly can't afford
Looking for and donations to be off at for . direct msg for details.
military homecoming videos melt my heart
The taxi driver should be hired to work at NYPD
You dudes is noodles, I got more ziti to bake
Kinda sad I haven't seen or for like three weeks..
Wonder how long it'll take me to bite my nails off tbh
That was real. 15 miles is real.
So my birthday is in the 26th ... I'd sure like to get a smootch by a hottie
Is Siri gonna be tight I said that?
The class gift is money towards a BBQ? Pussy shit, should've been a painting of Eddie Money, Kevin Covais and Jesse Kinch riding bald eagles
\"I'd like to thank the Nashville fans for being the best hockey fans in the world.\" -David Poile\nExcuse me while I die of laughter
On some white girl shit. Boutta go get some Starbucks
Plus the goal of not dealing with BS today is also tempting me to stay in the bed.
I respect everyone whose working a job they hate to make money
\": Don't trust words, trust actions.\"
LOOK AT THAT, A BLACK BOY SCORES A GOAL FOR THE WHITE MAN, IN TRUE AMERICAN FASHION
We all deserve a plaque, considering we survived 4 looooong devastating years lmfao
I wanna palm Bradley's head like a basketball
Asian salad at this time u know am bout to grub yum
I could live on lays chips alone
I just want someone to come watch movies with mehhh
exactly why I don't put my hopes up lol
that's not good...fuc
\": I still watch Let's Make A Deal and Price Is Right...Idgaf\" Me too, yelling at the tv &amp; all
The more a guy looks like he wants to kill me, the more I want to have sex with him. \n\nDiscuss from an evolutionary perspective.
Driving nowhere cause the long way home is always the best..
Someone behind me is whistling that Kill Bill tune (perfectly might I add) &amp; I can't decide if it's awesome or creepy...
It's finally quiet in my house
I'm actually kind of glad they bring pornstache back in season 2 tbh
I have to learn how to think before I speak sometimes.
but I don't think I could live w.o my glamour magazines. tbh
I really wish I didn't have a test everyday this week..
I probably should have just taken a 7 hour nap...
Was nervous to tweet about the winning streak but now that they're at 10 in a row, it's great to say
currently on the treadmill wearing a shirt that says Running Sucks lmao
Every thing I loved about you back then, I still love about you now.
Pardon the slur. That's the purple
Fucked her once I could fuck her again
\"At first glance i wanted to plant you under the mound\" -Joe Grossi
\": Obama at Chipotle? Fifteen years ago I didn't even know those were words.\"
When people tell me I drink too much coffee ... \"At least I'm not doing drugs.\"
RIP to Lebron tonight on sports center , twitter &amp; IG lmaooooooo
Definitely was not expecting that !
Just a few hours away from prejudging at . I'm ready to give it my best!!!
Fun time today w\/ . Loved catching up with b
Waking up from a dream where I had shards of glass in my face is not the best way to wake up
One spot away this is insane
ITS SUMMER VACATION. OMG YAAAAS
that was sickkkk
Ghana vs. US! If you're a Ghanaian American who do you root for??? Now I know how feels...
USA USA gooooooaaaallll
Seriously cait, you can't borrow my nice flip flips without letting someone write their name in sharpie on them?! Ugh
Excuse the clothes on the floor LOL
I have to read 1 more John Green book before I've read every book he's written so obviously I've saved An Abundance Of Katherines for last
That's funny you should tweet that. \nNo but you should tweet it. \nNo but tweet it. \nSend the fucking tweet JENNNAAA
Looking forward to the and who will go where? Happy Draft Day!
No texted me today literally no one
\": I wish I could erase my own memory. That's would be nice.\"
It's weird to me that girls appreciate comments like \"wow skinny minny!\" Id be offended if someone commented on my picture calling me skinny
These hoes aint loyal
San Antonio have a bunch on niggas in wrangler jeans in the crowd .. They fans wack as hell,
She called me earlier and that topic came up and it was pretty easy talking about it haha
Tomorrow night I get to come home and that rules.
\"i've always been into being ultra-rich\" says the guy who has like 2 Rolls-Royces and Ferrari...
Sore throat and headache, das nice :-))))
If you see something explicit, I'm sorry.
Exodus 31:15. Last I checked, companies don't have religious freedom. Next, they'll be getting gay married!
USA should be more ftb and block shots
I can turn my feelings on &amp; off like a switch when it comes to guys
Now my life I sweet like cinnamon.
Took me 6 years to work up the courage to stop shaking alone in my bed at night and actually get the help I needed.
Jenifer tiene un aire a una actriz porno llamada Rebeca Linares
Siempre te robo el corazon en el ultimo minuto ....
why do I have to live in America this is not fair. can I just move to the UK so I can get the 5sos album?
Okay so how do I go about dating a ? Anyone know the answer or nah...
Taking shopping in Manhattan
When I first heard 2012 i lost my mind played it TF out
LMAOO bro just reminded me about \"the raining cocain\" lmao in african accent lol
She say she love me , whatever that is
Holy shit jones !
I have to be up in 4 hours. God hates me.
Instigatin ass bitch
\": I TOLD YOU SOO!\" I TOLD HER TOOOOOO!
take me to get frozen yogurt &amp; what happens after well.... ya know
Im prolly so damn tired from working 75-80 hr work weeks every week.
That should be a card.. Can't kick people in the face.
Howard is doing insaneeeee
Who wants to chill with me Andy and Anthony
Sick and tired of my family fucking up my life
I need a puppy. Maybe id be more calm that way idk*
Doctors appointments are the best place to test my patience \n
&amp; That Is No&lt;8&gt;Doubt?Gwen;*)(O)
Everybody looked so pretty yesterday aw
i always find a way to fuck things up
Same exact thing my coach taught me :)
Our forefathers died for us to have an opportunity to make something of the world. Not prizes and trinkets for the loudest voice.
no earbuds, no motivation to run tbqh
You can hate me or you can love me but either way I'm on your mind
Where's my baby daddy tho ?
I wanna do them myself but it's been a whole
Love both Brasil &amp; Colombia and fully expect to get kidnapped by one of their curvy residents in my lifetime, but putting on for today.
Not in the mood
Life question: Shouldn't 'ingenius' by definition mean the *opposite* of 'genius'? Instead, they basically mean the same thing.
All these people that I didn't know were Mexico fans... Or that watched soccer for that matter. Well welcome to the best sport in the world!
Honestly thinking about quitting my job
I love having Bose speakers in my car. Music sounds so much better
My bad for thinking I would get some INSIGHT, INSIDE information on the Thought you had a on staff.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Don't know why Sasha has a phone when she doesn't even know how to pick up a single phonecall-_-
theres a beautiful kind of pain
Congrats to the ugly little ogre for graduating from turtle hook
I really should not have squatted yesterday
All of these people are expecting all of these things from me and I don't know where to turn
Love is more than just a game for two
Forever wishing that I had plans for tonight... Or anytime throughout the day..
Lost so much respect for oomf
I can't feel a damn thing
he's so fucking attractive , well for me yeah
I wish Starbucks was 24 hrs
I have the stupidest dreams possible
Hooray! got their domains back!
Has Enfilade by At The Drive-In always had this weak ass bass? Plus what are all these goofy noises? Beep boop wobble.
when I come back home I'm going to be slavin at the gym
The smell of rice is the best smell in the world like can we get a cologne with that scent
Wish I was watching the game
Courtni and I like to nap so often that she has her side of my bed and I have mine. Too close? Whatever it's fine
Guess who can watch the Germany at work! The come ups are real
George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, Abraham Lincoln, John Brooks.
I seriously can't wait to get out of my house.
I know that I can go to the bathroom, walk my dog and grab a snack from the kitchen and the OITNB theme song will still be playing
Taught a girl who abruptly sprinted out of the pool during the swim lesson &amp; the only way to get her back in was to convince her I was Ariel
Too much talk not enough action.
Who wants to go traveling? Rent a car and go cross country.
Why not Wondo? Tf?
Boss today asked me why I didn't major in theater in college... Hmmm maybe because I dont want to be poor for the rest of my life....
'wolf is always at the door' - don
watching the pre show....it's just started and already cracking....
if you tweet something that really pisses me off I won't even subtweet and bitch about it I'll just unfollow your ass.
bless my sisters for actually going along with my pug obsession
For now on I'm saying my name in all my vids . Since niggas wanna steal vids like bye
A bad end is another beginning of something to turn you in a different direction
aint it fuuuuun livin in the real world
This season is just annoying
As I watch more of the show the more I see she ain't a hater she just says it like it is. I can appreciate a blunt person.
This is going to be the beat game of the tournament , not Brazil vs Colombia lol
Thank god work is over that was the worst day I've ever had
Had to win that game in OT.
I'll get over it tho, can't stay mad forever
Kim Jung Un will declare war on the US if Seth Rogens movie is released in theaters..... Are you fucking kidding me?
Pwople that can't think for themselves in their relationships make me sick
Anyone who says \"pretty epic\" with an ounce of sincerity can eff right off
IN THE FACE!!!!!!!!!
All of these sites have multiple kinds of content, with lots of games for learning! \"Play, make, know, keep, watch, dream, teach\"
here I am looking at her, she kind of looks like me, maybe that's why she is sitting next to him now
Contrary to popular belief, shaving your torso does not give you abs
How can I give a fuck when niggas didn't give a fuck bout me?
It's best to have no expectations for people they'll probably let you down 10\/10 times
Tomorrow is gonna be chill because I sit next to a bitch I hate
Damn my lactose intolerance and my flatulence.
Andy, if you read this... U a fuck boy.
I've been home for an hour and all I've done is eat pasta and cry(fucking Armageddon) so..yea that's how my summer vacation is kicking off
Halal guys is mad good, but fuck rain.
\": we don't cuff in the summer b\" I'm the exception
Once the dirt hits the coffin, just go to sleep.\nAnd sing along to the song 'cause you're broken like me.
You deserve to lose if you can't score based loaded 1 out
If you have your ig or twitter on private, you're either gay, boring, pussy, or your parents watch your every move
Messi is god
Girls are like school and I cut em like seniors.
My love, you're not1 thing in my life not even the most important-because my life no longer belongs 2me because you're always me. J.P.Sartre
the ability to dominate obvious contrivance through force of will. +
Starting the out right thanks for a great class
It makes me sad how much effort I put into u
whats going on with the mixers
I love that Kassie vine but my voice sounds dumb af in it.
I need someone to vent to
\": 'you have a\nknack for getting\nunder my skin,\n\nand it terrifies me\nhow much i want\nyou to stay there'\"
thanks to the person who rode my ass all the way home, it's not like it's 3 in the morning or anything
Going through old Facebook posts, my damn, that shit brings back memories.
Everyone realizes that the are like the of international soccer, right?
Four years of sickness and peoples bullshit, and drama, and countless adversities and now I'm finally happy and time is running out.
Jim was kinda a jerk the way he just cut ties with Karen after she said she'd move to NY to live with him if he got the corporate job.
i pretty much know im gonna be laughing happily in my wedding!
Still not over the fact that we were all in the same place at the same time and everyone was quiet
I'll be outta here in two weeks, thank god.
Cause all I do is play animal crossing and watch naruto
I don't want the heat to win, but I kinda feel bad for LeBron. No one on his team showed up for the Finals. No one.
they see you doin good now it's kinda hard to diss you.
space is infinite. my patience, however, is not. i must have these collectible fazoli's mascot figurines and assorted busts, immediately
I can't remember when I had a free summer. There's always sports or some type of school haha
Ya so I'm extending the pinnie money &amp;forms until the chem final, I'm not in any AP tests &amp; we can make a plan to meet up but no later than
im gonna look nice tomorrow for this other networking event ..
Is it weird that I miss school
Honestly Lebron deserves all slander he getting and about to get after the game He brought this upon himself.
Someone please bring me some yellow curry!!!!
I wanna go to Amsterdam one day bc I havr questions
WHY IS JUSTIN SO DAMN OBSESSED WITH THAT HAT
So. Were getting a hot tub. Sweet.
The only reason my head is held high is because it's resting on a thick cloud of smoke
loved everything about this weekend. wish could stay longer!
Real friends dont talk shit about each other behind each others backs.
I love how things are going jus hope they stay this way..
20 minutes left to score 1 goal to win against Portugal!
I would rather tip a live cow than tip these heathens so much as one dollar
Across a period:\nAtomic radios decreases\nIonization energy and electronegativity increase
Larry Drew was prob excited to have some talent to coach with Jabari and the Greek Freak getting better, and they just fuxked him over smh
The tater tots this morning were cold and depressing...kinda like camp without spry
Lmao why the spurs abusing the heat like this.
Bartending retirement parties are the slowest thing ever
I want something serious with someone but then again, I don't .
This weekend was perfect and and much needed
What a RIPPP
a shower has never felt more amazing
Catch me an Lexie holding signs on corners for different businesses
Its 4 am I did not see that coming
YES YES YES
Chris is legit mad I wore crocs to his house
Should I get 2 pairs of shoes for 80$ \nOr 3 tank tops for 40$
It's always the ratchets giving advice about life
im should announce at my family dinner that i am the new father and see what they say
I seriously love my air conditioning
The feeling after leg day, refuse to be top heavy
Call me dat nigga or top Senpai so I know it's real
Messi !!\nFinally lol
Don't get your hair caught in the propellers
If you can't jam to a nasty guitar ballad and switch it up to taylor swift me and you can't listen to music together
There's a story at the bottom of bottle and I'm the pen
Pura Vida. What a team.
I hate the fault in our stars, ruined my eye makeup
3\/4 house, more than a half way house
Fuck, I missed their goal
What kind of pie should I make tonight?
Ronaldo isn't playing good at all
CAMERON DALLAS FOLLOW ME CAUSE I NEED TO TALK TO U FOR SOME FASHION ADVISE
San Bernadino County is the largest county in the United States. It goes all the way to the Arizona state line. -my dad
Sometimes a drive with no destination is necessary
Lebron od leaving!!
Show up on castle hill like that year of separation never happened
Who wants to go to jones tomorrow???
niggas wit the gas today
Spurs are just taking it to the heat right now. Answering every play
Por entre las piernas le paso la pelotuda boludo, que groso.
I would lie and say that your not on my mind
It gets easier in time but it always gonna be there
I'm such an ass hole, but fuck it you deserve it bruh.
people who read and respond instantly are my favorite type of people
The one i want aint who ya think
My peeling face is not cool
You're so thoughtful, you're so thoughtful
I've been listening to The Weeknd all day
I'd never steal a hotel room towel, but that was the best towel I Ever used.
Never again will I come to elite.
Hangin out at Central Park cuz for some reason I came to work an hour and a half early
Can i just have a small supporting role in that movie
yawns and groans in the morning are the best
SO has anyone noticed that bow wow is just trying to go by shad moss now.
woke up to Mexico making a goal
Somehow I found a way to get lost in you.
Who the hell made that chart lol. That was some bullshit lol for real
I want to punch stupid Rinaldo's stupid soap opera face every time a call doesn't go his stupid face's way.
This principal really gave me a deathgrip handshake begging to not \"make it rain\".... Lmaoo
I forgot how much I love surfing
It's cupcake happy hour, who knew
demasiAdo dibina mnr ;)) ok jeje
That's bullshit she's way to hot for him lol
I. Need. This. Thing. To. Happen. Please. Please.
Best day of every woman's life is when decided to go shirtless and wear tight leather pants...
There is not guarantee but I'll take a chance on we
How many Lenz's do we need for Yashika or mameya, to see?
Your nose is done.
If u get a large portion at a ask for a to-go container &amp; pack up 1\/2. The more on our plate, the more we eat!
Clouds go away
first I get dirt in my eye, now stung by a bee what else will life throw at me today?
I've been accepted to pursue a Masters in Philosophy and Religion at CIIS in San Francisco = spiritual wisdom + modern society
If one more person asks me what happened to my arm I'm gonna lose it
Past few nights I been having dreams I'm getting jumped
O bag vai ser gringo chegar de viagem , ja parti pra ro!
Igual me parece bien. Caminemos la primera ronda asi nadie se cansa.
Want a pakora bitch?
Today an ignorant girl said to me \"how far have you gotten in your life huh? Where's your 4-year degree?\"
tev's display name fits him to the T
le le let me stab u in da chest
I'm sorry I'm a tech nerd, when I tweak, I tweak hardcore.
I actually wanna go on a run
If a white girl got an ugly face but she hangs out with darkskin niggas she has a cake
Haha my phone is on 93% it's 11:27
You got one job and that's to die. What you do along the way is your business.
GIRL WHO HAS MY NYU ID PLZ GIVE BACK. IT HAS BEEN 4 DAYS.
you cant keep a clean reputation hanging around messy people
girls think it's cute to act insecure &amp;then hate on girls who are confident and happy to embrace their flaws ,like you okaay?
My LRT though. Blonde afro,maxi dress,paket bann bracelets nan poignet,zanno creole.YO TOUT!
This is not walmart you cannot just nurse your kid in the middle of target.
And when the night is cloudy\nThere is still a light that shines on me\nShine on until tomorrow, let it be
Someone's gonna come over tomorrow, SPEND all day in the pool, and then go to the fair.
I hope everyone on the train enjoys bassnectar as much as I do bc judging from the looks I'm getting they can hear it loud and clear
I love these stand up jet skiis!
I swear to god that freshman girl is on EVERY fucking guys dick. Get some self respect
yo dude my nipples are hard as fuck cause it's COLD AS FUCK HAHAHAHAHA
I love falling asleep in a good mood
The amount of obstacles i have had to go through today just to get my kylies brothers grad party
When Did Stevie J Win 4 Grammy's ?
And suddenly I'm reminded why I avoid depending on others.
How come every time a professor says \"this isn't the kind of project you leave for the night before\", that's exactly what I end up doing?
\": Turn on ! My man is holding it down. I'm coming up after &amp; \"... :)
USA! USA! USA! Wheeeeeeeee!!!!
shout out to the people who say up late to talk you keep doin you
My friend Kim made me a kandi bracelet With my name on it I'm never gonna take it off my wrist
When I have a attitude, I don't just be mad I be wanting to cry.
Just died 46 deaths in the exhibit at the .
western sexual ethics never have been opposed to homosexuality or pedophilia ... just not in the open
Get your shit together Ghana
\"He spent like a half hour foam rolling his dick over there.\"
Just turned to the WENDY WILLIAMS SHOW, she got some Big Tetas...Diablo
Now I have no clue who that is, but do I accept?
The story so far fucking killed it! Making me way too happy.warped was a win
I give up bruh, shit is too much
But seriously I never know what to eat for dinner and I'm just sitting at my table stairing at nothing ....
Tell me the secrets of an endless road.
I don't think it's possible to keep my kneepads from smelling like complete ass
We pirates out here just trynna stay afloat
We're getting to the \"sole\" of the problem this morning!! I'm LIVE at Cobbler's Corner Shoe Repair in Henrietta!
Ceareal is 100x better at night.
FOR THE RECORD: there is a girl i dont know sleeping on my couch.\nUPDATE: she was totes cool with me making edamame
I am heaven sent, don't you dare forget
Ensenada, you did me real dirty. ....
Heading out to a Yankees-Orioles game and I'm a Met fan!
there's a cute boy on my tl what
Sip on coke mixed with Henny, go for broke with the semi
I'm really hungry but like usual ain't shit to eat in my house hold!
The truth is , everyone's going to hurt you. You just have to find the ones worth suffering for
Me like the way you do down
can't stop\/\/ red hot chili peppers
I love my country
Need a hipster chick ; that could throw on some Louis on any given day
Lol doubt it \": If I keep predicting Kofi...it's bound to come true, at least once, right???\"
My dick bigger than my little sister
Or you could skip over Dal Colle's interview
At least an angel visited me in my dreams
My sister has all this alcohol I can have rn but I'm still sitting here why
Dogs and puppies everywhere. I'm in love
WOOOHOOO! lets go boys!
I like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone...
I somehow always manage to like more than one person at once
Kira and Scott give me life.
SO CLOSE RONALDO
Taylor and Zevala die no no no pls no
Feels good to be back home :)
Fuck it I'm going to Wendy's I'm starving
Shapiro asks a closing ques: where should we look for stories in the next couple of years on veteran issues?
Fuck outta here with your cute ass
This would be one of those times when I've thought better of sending about 1,000 tweets. Please stop Sheed
Ok you're a thot
I was lost and depressed from the truth
Does anyone have the harry potter books I can borrow? I want to re-read them and left mine at home!
Missed the opening act!! :(
You my bro but ya prep niggas get me tight
What a great game, Djokovic moving on to the final!
Roo's goal! scores a PK after the celtics were called for a hand ball in the box. 2-1 roo's
Ebony scared the shit out of me tonight I seriously thought she died
HE OBVIOUSLY FLOPPED
getting drunk in my last night in America
Marissa is literally being so rude right now
I'm high, low, high, low, high, and then now low again...ugh
Part of me feels hungry but another part of me doesn't.
This relationship shit is rockin back n forth real hard
I'm so annoyed by everyone right now.
Garret got asked if he was Macklemore
Heat fans change the channel
Everybody misses you once you start to look good
i really don't want to leave san jose i would rather have this kind of weather than the heat
Hahahaha, Ronaldo. Nah bruh. Nope.
Wow on vacation and still doing more works....... Step up
I don't have a type. If I like you, I like you. And if I like you, feel special. Because I hate everyone.
Patty got 73 on her Pre Calc final I got a 79
Que tengo ganas de tiiiiiiii , la lastima es que no te has tragado una paloma
Busta is dreading again... Maybe we'll get better music from him.
plaid, big bottle of whisky and a pink gorilla suit\n\nall packed for my return to the pacific northwest
America is the LAND OF THE FREE. A leader who vows 2 bring about fundamental a transformation, then, prefers WHAT instead?
Does anyone else get chills watching PK's during the World Cup?
Apparently someone broke me off a piece of that Kit Kat bar...
You're the only one I notice. Its really hard for me to focus
Bien !!!!! de lo mejor!!!!!!
mia madre che \"ma hanno dimezzato le drag queen?\" \n\n.. e parte il discorso su quanto il pride sia strumentalizzato dai media
Wondering if Bochy believes in Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny.
There are two tragedies in life, to lose your hearts desire and the other is to gain it.
Sleeping off the restlessness
She said she can't stay so she gave me some to-go head
IM SO HAPPY I WANT TO JUMP OFF A BUILDING
I hate you so much Long Island. You're the worst.
About to go star gazin' by my lonesome tonight
Some how together were complete .
What a waste of gas
\": gettin punked on \" (How So?)
My dad just asked me if I'm taking a Bookbag to graduation so I can give my aunt something. I damn near Choke Slammed him
Planet of the apes two and transformers are the next movies to watch.
Tony Parker hasn't even scored yet lol
*ii can NOW say i experienced the \"craB in a Barrel\" Syndrome... I had to cut a friend off (Female) --&gt; Good Morning!
Dafuck is this Twilight Zone people keep talking about?
you claim your boyfriend loves you so much yet we marched on tinder.
I'm such in a good mood , that I know for a fact someone is gonna ruin my mood
Don't be fooled by your emptyness there so much more room for happiness
Apparently the new fad in the NBA is to compare everyone's hands to Kawhai Leonard's
Im on that shit that you cant smell baby
Whether I know you, am close to you, or you know of me I will always be here to listen and help out with any problems you're having.
I wouldn't touch Embiid. I've decided. Sounds like people want him to ADD weight while also rehabbing foot. Super risky IMO.
I still fucking horny lol
They got money for war but not to feed the poor ?
IF I MISSED THE BABE I WILL HONESTLY DIE
I want a surprise for my birthday aha
Baseball needs a home run derby instead of extra innings.
I wanna know how many ppl goin lol
\"my life my choice my mistakeS my lessonS and not your bussiness\" LOL
Really don't wanna see this love and hip hop shit *unfollows*
I wish the Knicks got Vince Carter from the Mavs
Love yourself girl or nobody will
Work is the last place I wanna be right now
I've never seen a spurs game where the crowd was more hyped then today's game
Lmao I think I'm addicted to Drag racing at this point
Yup it's just hard to have tough skin sometimes. Once you hear something someone says about you so many times you start to believe it
I wont cry, it'll be fine. i'll take my last breath. push it out my chest 'til there's nothing left.\n- Hollywood Undead \/\/ The Loss
Vote them out in 2014 &amp; 2016 with all the liberal scandals IRS, big gov't, large debt, Obamacare, border control, Berdahl &amp; VA!
darating din ung time, na mauuntog sya, at di na ko makapaghintay na dumating un.. at pag dumating un,, I AM PROUD OF YOU..
HAHAHAHAH WTF HAPPENED
This place got so loud. I could not even here myself think.
I dont know where thats at.... :(
My tiredness hasn't hit me yet
If you ain't talking hefty what you talking bout
today is not my day with these trains
i wana go see 22 jump street again
Gotta feel a little positive if you're Jurgen Klinsmann though. Hopefully Alitdore's ok, but it's almost as if Dempsey silenced his haters.
Thank god Neal isn't on Pitt anymore
Sometimes solutions aren't so simple
U fav and retweet but don't answer my question?
You do believe god made us or you believe in science ?
while this ate lamb-rack. . He called and was like \"mommy, he's using \"
Just when I thought eastvale wasn't the hood...
I'm have like no service so sorry if you try to get a hold of me
The Red Sox Jeter love fest was disgusting
the pfd is real
Dms as dry as my post blunt cotton mouth. Cmon peeps
I ask for the keys to the car and my goes \"What are you gonna go smoke a bowl\" like wat
i was gonna do rotini, and pasta, and all this other bullshit but ugh, whatever, fuck it
When the clock hits 80:00 its USA time
nothin to think about.......imma get to the moneyyyyy
Ima have glitter all over for a while&gt; xD
have never cryed so much for my dad, i just wish i still had him
I do to know who the fuck Mrs. Dash thinks she is but she's definitely not spicing up anyone's life with a little dash.
yup cc: RT : Y'ALL, the great American film classic Big Trouble In Little China is on Encore right now.
re-arranging my Ig. Everything will be straight business from now on.
\": Dodgers or Giants ?\" Dodgers
If you fav\/rt my tweets you the real MVP
Scadaddle? \n\"I'll show you a little blue ska do we can get the fuck outta here\" *Sweeping Motion*
It's so dumb how 2 people can't just hangout with eachother without ppl assuming they're talking or have feelings for eachother.
NBA Draft is in 3 days. 12 players who were picked ahead of Kobe in the 1996 NBA Draft, only one of them are still in the league (Ray Allen)
Of course I wake up at 5am and can't sleep when I actually don't have work today..
Whoa my 20 minute nap turned into a 2 hour nap idkwtf happened.
New scale for insane non-sensicle women is 1 to Sookie Stackhouse\n
Praying for better and more productive week. I hope the same for all of you.
I wanna go to dyckman but I'm with my white Stepdaddy all day le struggle
Never understood why almost all guys where baggy suit pants. All i know is that its nasty af!!!
And THAT, Marjorie, just so you will know - and your children may someday know - is
So excited to go to bdubs tomorrow. Oh my god! Yum yum yum!
Dream come true... LA to Stadium. I'm here for ya Captain
It's my niece's birthday today. Happy birthday Harm, ya pain in the ass haha
wish I could curl my hair normally
twitter is being an asshole. twitter won't let me follow more people. fuck you twitter.
Where is it at tonight !?!?
Going to trex tomorrow... What do I wear?
I love Italian girls so much
You're nothing but a whore out your tits away.!
Just puts $680 on the table like nothing
I have absolutely no problem with space, space is healthy.
About to make love to my bed goodnight world xoxo
It's so fun to beat the shit out of Nicolette cause she just takes it
Quisiera como teletramportarme a RD y entrale a trompaaa
I've got a good feeling abt the way the r going rite now. They still need sum help. But, maybe they'll get this thing turned around!
You can only push someone so far.
Maybe now I'll be fine. Accepting things for what it is.
\/\/La vida seria mejor si no fuera extranjera (?
Maybe heaven right now is a devil or angel away, that won't change.
Wouldn't be surprised if Dallas &amp; Houston heat up for Texas native Chris Andersen. DAL needs size &amp; HOU w\/o Asik. Birdman likes MIA\/LeBron.
Y'all have relationship goals but no life goals.
For the last 24 hours my phone keeps saying I have texts from people but there's nothing new from them ....
beach blast weekend = your not going to find a parking space or be able to get out of wildwood
The city that never sleeps...except during every holiday.
Lol i got violated soo many ways thru dm in the past 5 mins lol
lmfao I hate how people think I'm a bitch when they first see me.
LETS FUCKING GOOO THATS HOW TOU START A WIRLD CUP
Easy win tonight
\"I just want youuuuuu\" *Miguel's voice*
When I'm alone i rather be with you, fuck these other niggas i be right by your side till 3005
Great now I can't sleep. Fuck you nature
The scary thing about dating is that you are either going to marry that person or break up
And idk how to fix it
New York it's been REAL!!!! Always a pleasure!!!! =)
Putting $8 in your gas tank
Going to make that walk some day
Pulled up and they all hoped in
God no.... Not another DRose
2nd out of 3 nights in a row that I have been going to sleep past 5. WHY.
(4) Roger Federer def. Paolo Lorenzi 6-1, 6-1, 6-3 in the 1st round of .
\"How many times do I have to tell you? Even when you're crying you're beautiful too\"
We went to sunken meadow Eric was throwing rocks in the water we sat on a blanket on the sand I went a swimming. Than walked on boardwalk
I don't even watch soccer and that shit gave me the chills haha
I hate it when I have to use the restroom mid meal. Like now my food is goona get cold.
Who trying to go to dyckman?
New york niggas have no chillllll
Im still speechless about last night
Excited to go to the dentist next month because he gives out the best-smelling lip balm and I'm almost out of the last one.
Can someone tell me what's going on rn, I'm lost
Fighting your emotions\/feelings is one of the hardest things
What ?! She said for better or for worse? Worse is not having to deal with you being 400lbs.
It seems like commercial appliances are meant to look more sturdy than residential, but not function better. 5x the price though!
Spent a fun day with playing bocce, kickball and volleyball
She's in 8th grade and has already destroyed her life
I loved the goalie's reaction like wtf guys why did you let that happen
Have y'all seen a photo of the can of Monster energy drink, the Hebrew character for 6 and someone saying that the logo means 666? LOL.
Miss you! Answer me when I text you jerk
Parker Cannons jaw line numbs all my pain
Since we're on the subject, I've never seen an Asian woman with nice feet.
Election Day tom in I endorse I'll be up bright and early to vote and make calls; simply has no record
Funny how when you really need somebody, nobody is there.
I can assure you the only person that's gonna be there for you in the end is me. Even after all the bs we've been through.
What a fucken goal
I believe that
Clint Dempsey, 32 seconds? Let's play nice now.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAALLLLL YE bish #
Just sampled a cocktail with vanilla bitters and vodka- if this is the future, it's delicious!
Why did this girl show me man-_- I'm angry
You deserve rounds tonight.....
France about to give Germany the work
\"Not once has any man I met been able to love, so if I were you I'd have a little trust\"
2 many caskets. 2 many tears. It's time for a change. 2pac. The revolution starts
Im tired asf but idnt feel sleepy at all
Now he won't play monopoly with us bc twitter
My bae giving me the chills yassssss.
Can this day be over already
I'm about to watch some you tube videos just to see who is this Walter Tavares guy is a lot of writers are talking about him
If we never stopped talking ....
For those of your just joining us, released our bag for delivery around 6:30 AM this morning.
Just bought a pair of wedges on for $40. My Monday is now complete.
who needs a regents when you have the almighty king kullen :)
Fuuccc tha single life riri comon bae lol
\": When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.\"
There are more parks in Alameda than black people
I dont want any more reasons to be angry
Only time I will be near a highschool is when I drop my kids off. +37 yrs min.
Goalllllllllllllllll wow Holy Shit
And I will stop talking to her if I need to ....
\"If you kiss somebody then both of you will get practice.\"
Greatest time ever for my downstairs air conditioning to break
avoiding lots of important things that gotta get done
To be honest I'm happy that after Friday night I won't have to see anyone of my classmates again because I seriously hate all of them.
it aint nothing like ya first time .
These 7 am shifts are gonna be the death of me
Never have a ride even if I have the most bangin plans...
Now I'm about to be with a car ?
I just threw an ice cube from the fridge in the sink.. I'm pretty talented
Let us put away childish things! Let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so EASILY beset us!
I want to eat everything right now
dude either people hyped up Cali too much or I'm just not in the right part cause it's boring af!!
The only thing getting me through this week. Is six flags on Friday with my best friends.
Lots of sales this weekend for the holiday...hope to catch some tomorrow :)
Getting life lessons from a 60 year old Russian woman and yes she is currently drinking vodka on the train
Amarilla para Ghana
Shes a six pack girl, you can throw away a bottle of wine
The World Cup not chillin lol
Bitch what you thought I wouldn't come in this bitch !
Shoulda had ya when I had ya, now I wish I gotcha....tonight
I swear to god if my mom ruins my summer I'll ruin everything for her too .
Nothing worse than a wine hangover.
Domingo Antonio de los Santos es mi idolo como Artista
NOT GHANA WIN! I'm dead. Hahahaha
I like Karrah way better than Allision ole thottin ass
Ima just say it simple and plain, \nI want it,\nREAD BTWEEN THE LINES
we need Donavan
if u refer to yourselves as \"the ratchets\" please do less
lol my parents came to braccos ln and were bffs with every waitress
Today I want to give a shout out to amiga . Investor, anthro &amp; kind soul who has made my transition to SF much gentler. &lt;3
Crash into me
U would give yourself fourth of July off &amp; make me work 8 hours
a lot on my mind
Woooooooooo!!!!! USA USA USA USA USA USA
Now I have no one to talk to
Life is about living life. \": life aint all about money, school, jobs, &amp; relationships. dont be fooled\"
I can confidently name 3 other locations where get a \"lobster roll\" rather than friendlys
also makes u look like a dumb bitch doe
I miss the past but cant wait for the future
I love kids movie a little too much...
Croatia game today and Colombia tmm , twitter guna be annoying two days straight
Can the mere fact that a is in the headline of a post be a reasonable explanation for its getting an extraordinary number of views?
If I could eat one thing for the rest of my life it would either be mangoes or chicken nuggets
2 more work days.......just two more days to survive.
Feel bad for Micah driving us everywhere but then again xP
new shit don't excite me no more
Everything Jason Kidd did for the nets as a player just went out the door with him. What a spit in the face by jkidd
Yankees vs Red Sox and I'm pumped!!
I miss my car :(
Everyone needs to stop mentioning Blink 182. I'm getting my hopes up here and I shouldn't be
ain't nothin 2 cut dat bitch off
Goal or nah?
Take pictures with your eyes, and save them into your heart.
Am I worth it? Did I put enough work in?
Does George Bush draw on Sundays?
Giving somebody some mad sloppy head in the back of this bus would be soooooo hot right now
My knees are sunburnt :X
is too big, now... Devin went and messed up.
The amount of times mk leaves me at her house alone you would think it was my house and not hers
My brother all like you ugly, bitch if you don't get ya fat dusty ass out my face!
If you can't drive in heels get your whip game up.
Shake what your mama gave you\nMisbehave you.. 'Cause you know what to do with that big fat butt
still pissed about USA's loss yesterday
\"HONEY I HAVE HAIR, What's Your Excuse \" This Bishhh Was Going Crazy And Her Boyfriend Even Laughed. So Yeahhh. Moral Of Story:
Why do alarms have to be so annoying. Anyway good noight
Bruh my homies are sooooooo funny blood!!! Lol we be toooo on!!!
Waking up with crusty tear trails on your face in the morning LOL
In the kitchen baking soda bubble like its chemistry
.I call on immigrants to respect American law, and liberals to support US soverignty for once.
If Leonard continues at this rate he will be the finals mvp.
Stydia is probably going happen bc Lydia is going to confront Stiles about Malia and how she's always loved him and them the lockerroom kiss
Wow this weekend was so fucking fun
Feelings are deep. Maybe too deep.
You interest me only because your the one person I can't figure out.
god gave us super duper because Jesus wasn't enough
nigga just broke his nose
Tx 4 following my new feed What a group of real estate heavy hitters!
The awkward moment when the 5sos album comes out today in my country but I've had it for a week already.........
I actually don't want to talk to you for a while so bye.
I wish i could relive and at Coachella everyday of my life
Jay-Z got the idea for his infamous Jigga Man nickname from his physics class, where he was called the Giga Man.
Happy birthday can't wait for our adventure next week!
PLZ DO IT I WILL Cry
Bruh I need my new tattoo already .
I do not understand why I have so much trouble sleeping
Just bought a Rip Curl rain jacket in the midst of this storm. Does that automatically make me a surfer? Yup, think so.
You don't have to agree with the opposite side but you should at lease hear them out
Hell yea USA
Mother Nature is Belgian AF
That's why your suppose to stretch
I guess I'm not sleeping again tonight :c
YAAASS 700 FOLLOWERS THANKS BAES ILYSM ALL OF YOU
MESSSI LA GRAN PUTA QUE TE PARIO QUE GOLASOOOOO
Matts snoring in my ear he's lucky I love him
U a hoe \": And I fuck nelly at the 4 seasons\"
If you aint helping then you hurting
CLINT FUCKIN DEMPSEY FIRST MINUTE
honestly I'm not looking forward to high school what so ever its just more work more annoying people and more fake people
Clearwater lost at Lakeland 5-2. Aaron Nola (2 1\/3 IP, 5R\/4ER) took the L. MAG w\/ 2 scoreless IP. Angelo Mora- 2-for-4, w\/ a HR (2).
and now I miss everything about you, can't believe that I still want you, after all the things we've been through
You better work bitch!
decision making is everything
Great seeing you !!
Live on Wilson ave long enough to graduate to pimp level and receive first cane
I swear I've sent every possible type of curve text you could imagine, sometimes all in one conversation.
An extra long Apple phone charger is nothing short of amazing.
I kindly asked the man at the gate why our flight was delayed, mainly out of curiosity but also to kill time. He was offended
When will NY get its shit together and change the drinking age to 18?
I'm just trying to change peoples lives and make money doing it.
50% battery bye
Finding out one of my old hot tumblr girls is prego. And we was supposed to meet. I'm like bruuuhhhh.
These new buses with the seats facing each other are ridiculous. Fucking stank breath and hairy nut sack are staring at me
Emotional Intelligence by Daniel Goleman
Slept 3 hours for no reason. Lets see how today will go.
Not a summer day goes by where I don't bitterly regret chucking out my Kate Moss for Topshop c.2007 Tea Dress.
The smell of Paris is perfume and cigarettes and I miss it
I don't understand promise rings. You're promising to get engaged...?
Thank you stranger on fulton street for jumping in front of us - scaring us saying \"damn why you look so good\"
Landon Who ?
Can't wait for my new morning read
rock paper scissors except for when you choose rock you literally throw a rock at them
Hahah what a flop!!!
WOW!!!!!!! Chin just threw the ultimate flame on that RT
Can it just be 3 hours from now pleaseee
I think I like tall chicks cause of their legs.... Wrapped around me
Just remember this...Tim Howard played in the GMC for North Brunswick
operation body for TPC dress started and it is definitely already a fail.
Why didn't he lay it back?
Two more days. Then working all summer. Than moving to Colorado in August. I got thiiiis.
So glad I got into drinking coffee bc it's life
How could you laugh at someone else's heart break?
He better take me to the pride parade still
If the raptors give Lowry to the heat in a sign and trade that's fuckin retarted
She's talking to angels, counting the stars. Making a wish on passing cars.
I HATE YOU
I can only show you something real, I can't make you appreciate it
I was actually eating fries when I tweeted that
Sore beyond belief! I love pushing myself further then I though I could go. Nothing better then proving yourself wrong!
Waiting until I feel actually wanted to be talked to
What a beautiful goal by the US
Somebody get on love and play zombies with me :(
Is Melissa dead she never answered my text
Always wondered why the exits skip from exit 80 to exit 75 in Connecticut on 95
Every day it's something different with these fucking express buses
take the time &amp; energy you're using putting up subliminal shots on social media and use it to do something productive.
at least USA scored the first point
Happy birthday. You're a da
\": Country girls do it better.\" ........
Ok Ghana got mad hops but wtf are u rockette kicking for
If you roll with me, than you'll be winning now
I need to learn when to shut up and keep my feelings in...
All these shoobies smh. Did rocket power teach you nothing?
BANG BANG MOTHER FUCKERS
Who going get MVP ??
Summer nights should definitely be about this crazy shit.
This game is awesome
NYC boys are the best boys
Ya know its real when ya niggas ah take the fall for you
let get shawn to
Street dancing when breaking came out, kid of the group. Best dance movie. Saw ur interview with Nikki, glad ur well n working.
No lo digas duro, nadie se tiene que enterar que es en yola xd \": En Una Yola xD ! Yo voy para RD *-*\"
Cabbie is about to pass out on me. Better tell him about that time I made out with at the MTV Beach House.
I love you more than sex appeal
No love for Herzegovina.
I wanna put a smart car in the bed of my truck. Pretty sure it'll fit
So pretty much I can't move my arm cause of surgery so therefore can't drive do my hair make up change or shower without help
he be off this shits lmaoo
I hope USA beats Ghana 6-1
Anybody jus wanna watch a David lynch film with me on the futon plz :(
Shittiest nap ever.
that's kind of why were best friends lmao
My feet hurt so much, all that walking.. Uff
look what you became, just trying to make a name
This is just some Karma shit right there
If only zlatan played for Bosnia...this game would be a non issue.
People kill me. NO ONE fucking cares what's going on in your life. They comment on your shit to make themselves feel better.
But Ashley not even all that pretty
So according to the announcers of the USA Ghana game Joe Biden is the President of the United States
Since when did Chicharito become 26?!
I can literally watch the Foreign video all day
If I could wear yoga pants everyday, I would
you can barley even read it lol
MR D AT PROM WAS PROB THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY NIGHT:)
My dad is cooler than I thought you guys.
I SAID I'VE BEEN TO THE YEAR 3000.\nNOT MUCH HAS CHANGED BUT WE LIVE UNDER WATER.
I would hate myself to be Kevin Hart's height, looking up to most women lol
Sooo basically any plans I make this week revolve around me watching Big Brother live on Wednesday.....
La gente nunca va entender que vivir la vida es mejor que llevarla.
Wait half the stuff on my Spanish final I don't remember learning so... I deff failed
Shady boots baby, shady boots
Movie to watch on Netflix !!!!!
I'm like Galactus, as I stand with the world at my hands\nCan't judge a man trying to better himself or his fam
Everyone is so fucking fake it's honestly disgusting
I would totally go on if I didn't have to be naked and afraid.
Leaving my house costs money so maybe it's better that I stay home every day
Good to see Giroud and Kos both get the nod. Glad Deschamps has got his head out of his ass regarding Sakho
Let's go! USA USA USA
\": I'm in need of a movie night\"\n\nsame
\"Well he certainly didn't friend zone me like I thought he did.\" -thoughts as I complete my walk of shame
Sometimes i think about that horrible white man that rapped in the Boost Mobile Commercials
About to have the most useful summer of my life.
Starting Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson rehearsals today!
Wow I close my eyes for 5min and im already on Janessa's snapchat!
Idgaf Seth Rollins and Roman Reigns can take turns
I had so many things to say but i knew you wouldn't listen.
Annnnd thats where you crossed the line
There aren't many times when I call myself an idiot...others do that for me, but I should not have said no to you.
I'm bein tita and cooking pasta w my tears
What are you talking about haha ?
What an idiot. I hate texting you had the chance in person two weeks ago tho so idk
WOW! is far from messy! What a strike
Why'd it have to be him
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind...
It's really funny watching a kid with a strong Asian accent trying to ask the professor with a strong Italian accent a question
Ticos keeper Navas is the one who saved the penalty against Robbie Keane in Philly.
I love reading ppl's twitter bios. Seeing how creative people can be with such limited space~ ?
liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have. ~Harry Emerson Fosdick
It sucks that Alex comes home hella tired sometimes from work and Im over here hella bored. All he wants to do is sleep.
Ppl only hit you when they need sum
Countdown two weeks until I see my sister...
Sigo sin entender el Google Assist
he probably got a concussion
This mosquito is eating me alive and my head hurts so bad. Can it get any worse? I think not.
i can't wait to be back in morehead and for this fucking summer to be over with.
I feel tired, yet I can't seem to fall asleep
They should change the title to \"How Should I Know If These People Can Dance?\"
I want tea rn but too lazy to make some
You'll never live if your just to scared to die
Dempsey you are a saint
Court is the last place a nigga want to be at...........
someone come kidnap me from the nike store in downtown sf I am begging you
anthony got kicked off my netflix and idk why but that's very sad
Can't wait to officially know wats wrong with my ankle
Beach tomorrow morning. If you're tryna roll with me, hit me up ASAP.
When the fuck are 4th quarter grades coming out
When you're so bored that you're just laying on the ground but you're too lazy to get up and do something
All you need is good OG some backwoodz a bad bitch &amp; u straight
Where did that full room\/front row come from 63rd?!! OMG Every1 I know is @ montauk today, but I'm so glad I was with you!
Someone Around Here Is Getting Turnt ! \nI Can Hear Music .
Shawty lemme feed u some pineapple
Icy hot has seriously become my best friend.
No te hagas la linda y no armes embrollo , bajate la chabomba que te apoyo !
How bitches stay with they bum ass cheating boyfriends is a question i will never get the answer to.
It don't count as cheating if you wear a condom or you don't nut !
I need a man for times when my neck is this torn up
No matter how late I sleep, I still end up waking up at 8..
I wanna live off Vanilla lattes from Starbucks for breakfast and burgers for dinner but I can't.
Seeing fireworks tomorrow like a real g
Why cant i have money and car like is that too much to ask?
Helium walks into a bar and orders a beer, the bartender says, \"sorry we don't serve noble gases here.\" He doesn't react.
I think I could've walked faster at this point.
Don't invite her over if your house messy.
It feels like this morning happened like two days ago
The only casualty of the accident is the destruction of a DVD set of Friends
I came up with some cool inventions in my sleep last night. a beach towel that also applies suntan lotion.
I swear him &amp; my friends funny as hell
What have you picked up lately?
\": sings better than PARTYNEXTDOOR\" lies told on twitter
I'm sorry but Ariana Grande looks like a cartoon in her pictures
Jones can marry me
the mind is so very powerful
Y bue, gritamos el gol... O nos cagaban a trompadas.
I just never understand this movie,
goodnight I have a science final tomorrow oH
BTW, \"ssh -d SOMEPORT SOMEHOST\" is your friend. Except on ChromeOS, nobody is your friend there...
Takin the weight off my ankles and runnin free. You don't need anybody in life but yourself
\"Someone get this black man some water, he's been through a lot\"
I'd like to give thanks to Clint Dempsey's mom for giving birth to him.
i always wake up around this time. Why
God I'm weird... When I see cute things I fucking explode and go crazy xD
It be mad hot in the crib with that light on
you know it's sad when me and Jailine are in the car alone eating ice cream and an 8th grade couple passes us holding hands
Cant wait to get the fuck out of CT
my metaphors are metafives
Vandy is National Champs!!! Way to go boys.
Holy fuckin side net Gino
Twitter is about to blow up haha
Need a certain friend that I trust to talk to about things :\/
OMG my auntie scheduled a c-section for her twins on her &amp; her husband's wedding anniversary gjfjdkcnfjs
Lil bitch like he wah cry.
Say something i'm giving up on you.
Any shift I can see someone get arrested is a good shift
\"Tell me what your worst fears are; I bet they look a lot like mine.\"
This dude is really trying to sell 2 watermelons on my block
My brother is better than your brother at lacrosse. Stud, Fo Dis.
Music changed the way the world lives today... Everything is based on music....EVERYTHING!!!!
Worst Behavior is Drake's best video
Horoscope is telling me to fess up but I can't
Whole foods was the greatest thing invented.
I miss Hunter Moore
I remember in elementary I was playing tag and I tried to do parkour ass stuff and jumped from a hill and hit my stomach on a bench
In so much pain
So past the point of being upset anymore , I'm just a bitch
So why don't have you on snapchat?
I should be writing a paper but I can't look away from the
Just watched a piece on a dude racing in a hotdog suit on Sports Center.
Who outside? RT : On The Block LateNight
I don't make fun\nOf the shins bc\nThat song \nChanged my life
actually fucking crying I miss Jose so much
staying on the gas like we're never coming back
Are we in the pac all day tomorrow?
Josh has a big set of shoes to fill.
'can I make a suggestion? stay out of it. and use the hot oil treatment on your hair.' Hanna and her mom are literally my mom and I
Sometimes as a tired &amp; often burnt out HCP, it's difficult not to judge a situation. Instead- try to step back &amp; work to understand &amp; assist
Bolita llena de dolores.
Ordering at the drive thru at Wendy's just to interact with Murph = priceless
My new avi doe
It would drop down to 60 degrees the day we're fucking leaving..
I wonder what it's like to have a penis
Going to see Jack White in San Francisco this year! I can't wait.
Not being healthy enough to bare a child should be enough motivation to put the cheese burger down!
What a change in personality and confidence I've gone through from beginning of senior year, through the end.
\"You were kinda into it but not at all.\"
Isaiah Briscoe was unstoppable in this game as he went for a game-high 61 points!
So much bullshit in one hour...
my mom kind of sounds like jay-z in the morning
I've found out that corporate life is a lot like school, without the classes, and instead of doing homework at home you do it at the office!
Beautiful for goal messi
I think I'm my own best friend. Me and myself always have a great time and we almost never fight anymore.
No ones perfect, there's always room for improvement. &amp; I work on becoming a better me every day.
H&amp;m always has the cutest gladiators
Simba playing now
Time to start one tree hill!!
&amp; I thought my ass was rude.
i miss the old you, the one i used to talk to
After tomorrow im going back to my running everyday and healthy eating
Everyone's newly a soccer fan or newly gay today lol
I fucking fight old lady's bruh.
This real life made my day its so exciting
Waking up for work at 5 am everyday is really starting to piss me off dammn
N again at kaiser with Jon's emergency :\/
I'm hella mad I forgot about that massage I could of got today at work, man cause my back aches.
who the fuck wears heeled wedges to deck hockey
I'm so drained and wish I could call into work.
Wash my car or watch pretty little liars...
I love Guy Code, Girl Code and Ridiculousness. Go ahead, judge me. I'll be laughing with my TV.
cowboys are so creepy and suck at flirting like \"wanna ride my horse\" is probs not the way to get a girl
Nevermind I guess we're really good at this sport too. What a surprise.
Lately I'm not sleeping, I'm not breathing... Lately my heart's been breaking, my heart's been aching
Good luck man, you're gunna need it. She's more stuck than a fly on flypaper
Blon de creepy y me fui a volar ....
Don't be the one that got fat
The only people that are talking about soccer on my TL are my San Diego peeps hahahaha.
Holy shit is returning tonight?!?!?
Cheers \/ and everyone else for organising a great NHO week in SF. Looking forward to next time!
If you really love this country, you gonna drop down and get your eagle on, girl
is blowing my mind right now! Classic Pitt. Killin' it.
GOD FUCKING DAMN IM GONNA BE LATE TO MY OWN BIRTHDAY BECAUSE MY DAD SUCKS. EVERY YEAR IM WITH HIM THIS HAPPENS.
I was so dramatic with those tweets, I'm sorry
I better fucking go to the Porter Robinson concert
Lol the guy in Walgreens told chad that his id was the best fake id he's ever seen
That Dj MoTwister and the Estrada kids' Twitter fight. I hate to say but I'm rooting for on this one!
The fact that these games can end in a tie is such a letdown. That's basically like intercourse where neither participant getting to finish.
Why did I have too wake bak up
So upset that the $300 worth of clothing I got today isn't even making me happy
Every passing minute is another chance to turn it all around. - Vanilla Sky
Congrats to and Pops. Makes one feel good about team execution and discipline. Outstanding.
It's strange seeing something and knowing the solution but you can't change it
IF I TEXTED YOU ABOUT A PARTY IT IS CURRENTLY CANCELED. SORRY I KNOW BUT THE NEXT ONE IS TWICE AS BETTER.
Adventure time is tripping me out rn
Bby keep it to yo self
That rain is coming down crazy all of a sudden!
Taking a shit cause I really need to. Also cause I'm down to think about the color I wanna paint my bathroom one day
My notifications is full of retweets n favs ... That sucks
Were fuckin partying right now wow
He just feel that if he say all that good shit to you, you'll forgive him and knowing you females now-a-days, you will
At cvs behind a guy wearing khaki shorts &amp; a plaid shirt buying condoms and was SHOCKED to not see a wristband.
5 buckets of chicken? Holy sht i love home
You are not perfect, the minute you realize that, your reality comes alive.
The Rockies are doing the most. I can't even...
USA AINT NOTHIG TO FUCK WITH BABY BRING ON GERMANY
USA scores in the first 30 seconds of the game!!!!!!!!
Glad Say Anything is in Jersey tonight and I'm sitting at work all night.
Just saw a dude I competed against on sytycd sooo now my dad thinks I'm cool. That's all it took?
Ill.never trust a girl who friends with all the niggas an neither should anyone else. We all know what just friends mean.
My dude is possibly the biggest g i know
Sam's grandma is talking to me and Sam about the gangs in LA
I support Moms Against Gaming ever since my son became overweight and aggressive from video games
Amo mi novia, es la mejor por lejos,
\"i miss everything i flush down the toilet...like its so sad\" -
When I needed you, you weren't there
I honestly can't stand Facebook cause of all the stupid shit these fucking retards share on my feed
Deja que la noche nos proponga mas
you cuss so much stop
I tried putting in my contacts by myself and they RIPPED
Let me go to bed i got work in the morning
If my soccer tweets piss you off, your not american
Ahhhh just remembered Girl Meets World starts tonight someone remind me again when it comes on
I have one major goal before the week ends. It's very hard for me but let's see if I can do it.
I'm in one of my moods
Dog pound is the best movie on Netflix
I'm jamming to 5sos's album so hard rn wbu
Deandre Yedlin looks like what would look like if he was jacked
I love SOA and I can't wait for it to start again
Great catching up with my east coast sisters and brothers-in-law last night!
Some people really fucking amaze me..
I'm sorry I fucked up but please, please don't fucking leave...
They say I'm to young to love him
Everyone should take me 110% seriously
is the real deal nice game
Bout to play a tournament \nWish me luck..
You were made for so much more, there's something to live for.
Really don't want to be at work rn, so tired
If I was lebron id be so tight he didn't get much help
HAHAHA CAPITALISM ROCKS
En ti siempre pienso, me pongo contenta.
Woke up watching my show it's on now
I need a man crush everyday...
Where there is socialism there is a denial of &amp; PROPERTY. Where there is WELFARE there is socialism.
Jermaine Jones nique ta mere
But it was only a block away :'( :'(
\": Life has kicked me down so many times its getting harder and harder to get back up\"
My grandma just needs to be cool with all this delicious Filipino food though.
WOW I missed it lol too busy playing black ops
Poder Gritarle A Todo El Mundo Que Te AMO TE Amoooooooooo Hp :\/
This bar always has a great throwback playlist
RIGHT IN THE PUSSY
Never hate on someone's idol..It could be the only reason that their ALIVE
I had to give up pride because of having to go to work only to being let go super early and made no money at all. Literal waste of time.
Lets do this one more.
The fact that I still have a test tomorrow is terrible
Good these commentators are retarted
Messi Messi Messi
Just driving around with the windows down on this fine Monday night and I smell campfires ERRRRWHERE
Don't let someone else's feelings effect yours...their feelings are THEIRS hence, they are not yours, THEREFORE you should not worry.
\"Is she a goddess draped in Dri-Fit? That's for you to decide\"
You let go, I pull you back\nI let go, you ain't having that
*inserts foul comment here* I really need to go read the bible or something
Got hit in the head with a bottle today resulting in the worlds worst headache.
Can't wait to get my hair done
Jhene Aiko is freaking beautiful .
Everyone's trying to be funny by making fun of the way the soccer players look. Please stop. No one is laughing. Refrain from trying again.
Marcus Miller Band at Jazz Fest tonight!!
Apparently I think a lot more clearly in the morning, I have all of my problems sorted out and it isn't even noon yet
Next year I plan to be in LA for the bet awards. I wanna experience the
Do you ever just feel mad ugly lmao
My birthday is my favorite time of the year, but this year it feels bittersweet..
Big hug little hug big kiss little kiss big kiss little hug
So hyped to buy my season pass for Penn state football
Male ducks gang rape female ducks.
I'm so happy this many people are up on twitter tonight :)
I wish I could eat your cancer when you turn black
but if you loved me , then why'd you leave me
The Cobra sold before I could get to it.
And I'm scared because I dont know if that's a bad thing or a good thing
an elderly couple at the table next to me has rosepedals on it omg
Ja rrasi bollen
C vrai qu'ils sont bizarre en Inde
Whoevers been eating my olives is really rude
Clint dempsey is a god
So happy, my girl did amazing today. The sky is the limit for
Ima negative Nancy today because America is fucked up in levels the founding fathers would've just gave up if they could've seen the future.
Those ghana unis...does tribe called quest have a team?
I remember you being so nice
Sheeeeeit really got me stressing and venting to y'all dumbasses
There is 6 lightening bugs in my room. How did they even get in here.
Relatively good morning so far...can't seem to wipe the off my face. GET OFF you putrid thing!
Would you do the course ?
america scores and so many boobs get shown. we truly live in the greatest country.
I'm about to plot a course out of north jersey just for the wawa action this place officially sucks
whereEeeeE is my walLLLeTTT
I don't see the Heat winning anymore Championships in the near future. The team is aging with no bench!
I'm supppppper tired of Cuban food doe sheeeesssshhh
If me &amp; model tho..
Tell dat bitch to gtfoh
Must have popped, wheat thins!!!!!
I want my first class to start at 10:30 or 11
Wait.. But you're already number 2 on the ITunes Charts.. That's crazy
\"Do you wanna ride.. In the backseat of a caddy? Chop it up with Do or Die\"
Always be the bigger person &amp; don't bring the people back in your life who don't need you. You only cause more trouble for yourself &amp; others
all the bullshit you put me through and I still managed to love you .
Quuuien me estab llamando privado ?! -.- i hate it , fuck
Are you fucking kidding me rose,there was enough room for jack on that door, greedy ass.
The look Squints gives the boys right before he dives in the pool...classic.
There's too much estrogen in this house.
This player thinks he is in some kind of kong fu movie
I'm watching White Chicks and eating fettucini alfredo. Mmm way good.
30 second goal that's what I'm fuckingm talking about !!!
Up by 20 with 3 minutes until you win an NBA title and Pop still looks angry and displeased
Now I walk into the office pet my dog than go back to my room.buddy squeaks his ball and my mom tells him to stop because I'm sleeping
Tenho fontes especialistas em futebol na famila :) sei do que estou falando.
Work is really starting to ruin my summer dude
Vamos td mundo escovar os dentes?qd a gnt acha q a van vai entregar alguma coisa ela vai e joga um balde d agua fria! alice morre alice vive
If you're going to complement a girl over digital communication you should atleast know proper grammar\/spelling
Love having my personal connect he always comes though.
3 x1 USA
THREE PEOPLE JUST SAID MY EYEBROWS ARE ON POINT IM SO HAPPY
What a productive day in ! Looks like I will be coming back multiple times here in the future!
Sooo, right now, life pretty much sucks..
Woah woah woah. New episode of the Boondocks on right now?!?
USA. USA. USA. USA.
MAN IT'S SO HARD NOT TO ACT RECKLESS.
so, how was ?
lil wayne sucks at performing lmao
Talk about your blessings more that your burdens.
I'm officially not attending college right now wtf
I miss the year 1999. The year Bring it On, Never Been Kissed, and 10 Things I Hate About You came out. Classics.
I know it shouldn't bother me but it does
lmao my dad just called me on some wild shit.
I'm about to pass out on these porch steps
Random ass body parts start hurting when I'm tired.
LOL people don't talk shit on you because they want to be you but because they really just don't like you
I think I need to become a crazed inventor or mad scientist, just so my sleep patterns don't seem so strange.
You're ignorant to believe otherwise
I really wanna go to Greece. Wtf.
Wasn't as bad as I thought.. Still scared shitless but could of been worse
im the most impatient person and its really one of my biggest flaws
bought a computer with my own money??? adulthood???????
\": I'm so fuckingg fat idc anymore let the lard pile up\"
watching sailor moon on hulu instead -.-
All these miles apart and my mom is becoming my best friend.
Do you know what hepatitis is? Follow for srs info!
Honestly fuck this study guide I've beeeeeen done with school
1 more day to a very long but very worth it year...
I just came out the mutha fukin old school got my Mac notebook with the pro tools
If America can get this \"running while chasing a ball\" thing down we might have a shot, so far not looking good.
Hell Yeah That's A Great Tag Team Match Tonite \n
Why did I go away again ?
I miss going to hacklebarney park all the time I wanna go again
I've been tired all day idkw
So tell me you love me, only for tonight, even though you don't love me.
My goal this week is to be poolside everyday
I'm at Beckett's Bar &amp; Grill (81 Pearl St, btwn Coenties Slip &amp; Hanover Square, New York)
this isn't a party. It's the end of humanity .___.
And Michael Essien on bench... Wtf
My sister is an ass the china walks in selling DVDs &amp; she comes out of nowhere like my sister wants to know if you have porn mad loud lmaoo
\": Y'all don't care that my crazy cat lady ass is going through a crisis huh\" bruh just chill and feed them
All these fucking bills I can't fucking move ughhh
I want a milkshake.\nOr a bagel.\nIdk what I want
The Ghanaians are lovely when it comes to their cheering. All the dancing and singing. Beautiful.
We and Mr., Mr. Jones got a thing going on!!!
Thank god for Looking forward to the next 3 hours of country music on this road trip back to Philadelphia
Y they had to violate?
MI LOVE BLACK GYAL AND MI LOVE WHITE GYAL!!!
\": I'm here for you. Through whatever, whenever.\"
course track . 7-10am. Tomorrow . Join the fit tribe!!
Cesaro and reigns go into contender match: so fans get the shield all fighting it out and cesaro could win set up tension between him&amp;lesnar
Bro i ordered wings and pizza and dominos
The beds at the dorms are nothing compare to my bed tbh
Down on the west coast, with you for the moment .
Someone lend their booty please. Preferably female booty.
I need to get smashed tonight
Dempsey just schooled that dude...
Not going to lie Lil Waynes beat was dope...
My friend just brought me some bud so loud I can smell it from across the street
Need to start turning negatives to positives
I think I have maxed out how tan I'm going to get...already.
Glad I'm just out of my freshman year so it's ok for me to shit on the next freshman lololol
You don't need a million hashtags under every Instagram post.
USA for the score!!!!!!
Teddy Roosevelt in the stands representing.
Happy Birthday to my future hubby
And it's gone from bad to worse. Padres score two runs, Giants now losing 5-0. And we finally got a new pitcher: Javier \"Dreamboat\" Lopez.
I KNEW HED SCORE THATS WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT USA
So far I could say this years has been really great! It truly has been a while!
Big bag of that, coming back for that
oh por dios tengo miedo...HAROLD ABRAZARME!!!! D:
WAIT WHEN DO SOPHMORES HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW ???
It would be nice if this netbook wasn't w piece of shit
Does anyone ever get the urge to go to a pet store and just pet all them cuties. I want to hug a bunny and play with kittens
my birthdays tomorrow but i dont get my license until the 14th....... = my real birthday will be the 14th
They are playing a remix of the Mario Brothers theme track!!
Me lo aclaro o me lo oscurezco??
Camp hasn't even started yet and I'm already frustrated.
So Ab Soul showed up in NYC with Schoolboy
I'm only doing it for college
Well, how fun is this?!
Sometimes, I stop my whole day &amp; think about him &amp; wonder if he ever thinks about me too...
Chris Fedullo Is eating in the Lebron\/MJ convo
Fox sports west says stay tuned after the game for recap on the Kings.
Bless Rosa's heart for saving my coat I have on hold at Kohls and they were cleaning out all the holds. Thank god she was there to save it.
Talking with Sk about caribou court and Rachel just goes, \"I was there when Michael Jackson died\"
amanda seyfried reminds me of hahahahaha
Looooonnnggg week. Over 1000 miles on the car, 2-3 jobs a day and 20 12 year olds at the house tomorrow. Definitely beer thirty!!!
I wish periods were like u go to the bathroom once and it's over with your not pregnant congrats
I LOVE DAD he just came up and was like \"it's good to see you guys again take lots of pictures and tag us and we'll rt the crap out of it\"
Holy shit that was fast .
I am the only person up
Lmaooo this nigga johns snaps are funnyy as fuck
The great flood, fictitious as it may be, would have been the greatest genocide the world has known &amp; 'god' ought be held responsible.
If you following me big ups just don't get mad if I don't follow you everyone is not ment to be followed.
hmm. data plan resets at the fifteenth of the month. i leave on the fourth. time to burn through this data plan.
Coleman country day camp aka where the wild things are
Jk I'd leave if I ever saw a chode
I watch American Ninja Warrior and convince myself I could do the challenges if I just got out of bed.
In n out sounds fantastic at all times.
My sisters friend is coming up all the way from Miami to watch Les Mis on broadway gain... It's their 2nd time watching.
\"This is nice\" as Nev pets the bear statue
Don't start shit about me just bc you think it makes you look better. You look\/sound like a dumbass.
I dont want to be Instagram famous I wanna be Pokemon Snap famous
My run w\/sasita &gt;&gt;&gt;
What am I doing today ...
Happy birthday well that's embarrassing that I said hbd last week or something HAHAHAH
good job bosnia
My obsession with skulls\/skeletons is never ending
My boyfriend is the male version of Rihanna
You know the world is crumbling when professionals start emailing business correspondence via twitter lingo #@@@
Wait now I'm suppose to drive a stick car home what
Do u imagine us in the future?
It's incredible that Harry survived the whole series considering he's a complete idiot but then again Voldemort couldn't kill an infant so
This is one of the worst pains I have ever felt
I can't take this . Lmaoo I'm bouts lay down
China: no longer low cost leader in battery manufacturing but has talent. Workforce development in CA: key to bringing manufacturing back.
It is seriously cheaper to rent a Project Loon balloon to follow you around for a week than to buy 800MB of international roaming on AT&amp;T
Can't even sleep with no one else
Baby I do dis I thought that you knew dis
Can I wake up from this bad dream now?
What should we do for breakfast? \"Probably go to the \"All You Can Get Wasted Buffet\".\"- Timmy
He's only 15 with an amazing voice. He's livin the dream that he always dreamt about. He's still our little secret. No one take him away
That was nice
This movie got me way too emotional
Work at 7 am should be deemed as a form of torture.
America is in Nobel prizes and people who get killed by lawnmowers. I love this country!
a troian tem 28 anos e faz um personagem de 16 haushaush
Estaria para engancharse con alguien que se enganche con vos tambien
deep fried Oreos are the best thing ever created
Ima go as far as you let me.
But I helped my grandparents move stuff today so I mean that's thoughtful
My mom got mad at me bc I posted a Father's Day status about my dad and didn't post one on Mother's Day but she doesn't even have a Facebook
Yo lol I can't stand when girls with more meat on them say their brolic.. Your not. Just meat lol
Fred just cried cus goku cried
I need do a 10k getting in that running again
Love my mom dude
I just want to get drunk. I don't care if I'm just sitting around I haven't drank in forever.
Everywhere () on . Was this a request, by chance? Just wondering... :)
Lol you don't have room to call anyone a slut.
Don't y'all hate going somewhere and everyone is just sitting down drinking looking at each other
GCL Phils lost to the Yankees 7-3. Yoel Mecias made 1st appearance since needing TJ surgery last summer...3IP, 1ER, 5K, 0BB, 2H, took the L.
Alexia pls stop trying to read me your horoscope
And that's why he is the captain!
Getting DMs on insta like, \" I hope it's not a penis\"
Orospuyu mezara koymuslar yanlizmi yaticam demis. (Cimbiz)
mcdaniel, U R A DUMBASS! dems tried 2 help make U the gop candidate BECAUSE NUTBAGS R MUCH EASIER 4 DEMS TO KNOCK OFF IN GENERAL ELECTIONS!
The lady's are really nice too
I hate that my social life depends on others
Lol the nerve
You get what you get and you dont get upset
That was a pretty coo goal
zach wanna play cards against humanity after chess and pasta
Contemplating whether or not I love my brother enough to get up at 5:30 to watch his first game
\": I always wonder who is still going to be by my side 10 years from now.\"
THE GAMES TOMORROW ARE GONNA KILL ME
Ronaldo can't finish in the World Cup
I just woke up from a nap and starting stressing over a final and then I remembered schools over?????
But knowing how people are either way they'll have unnecessary drama in their life . Sadly .
She look like the blue man group
I wish I knew how to properly apply makeup
I wish I could fast forward and see if all of this is even worth it
For those on the far left, keep saying that it doesn't matter who you vote for. You'll get more Supreme Court decisions like Hobby Lobby.
Mills second flop of the game
I haven't eaten yet and I don't want to cook. What should I have for dinner? I can't make up my mind
Just gonna sit here naked until we find something to do
A gun plus a mask, you do the math. All my goons know that equals cash$$
someone give Morrissey a hug
I leave for Spain in 5 days... This is getting surreal
Dude, I need to work with you. No open jobs though ):
Your song is amazing I love it.
I wish I had a car\/license and a job id be in jersey right nowwwww
DEMPSEY WITH THE WINNER!!
Stalker!! RT : I am with you always. -Matthew 28.20
Tminus hurry up to this weekend.
My heart is with the families and friends of the three boys in Israel
Not many songs make me feel the way Your Love by does
I hope they aren't serious, John Cena on the cover of WWE 2K15? Must be a joke lol
finished 3rd overall and WON in my class! What an amazing day! Thanks to God, the crew, my family Lamorghini Long Island and Shania Kids Can
Guy dumped his bike going like 90 up McGowan road hit a deer
Can't even find jeans without them being too long
Amazing how 34th St and Broadway is always packed with so many stores and food shops and people. Im still here.lol
Yet I feel not too many feel the same for me.
Okay I take it back. Yellowcard is *much* more depressing to listen to than whatever it was I complained about last week :(
\": lmfaoooo we always throwing her around like a rag doll\"lmfaooo i feel so sorry sometimes
One of these days I swear I'll be strong enough to just walk away from all the issues in my life.
Got off work early and got home early yayyy
Even though Sing Sing is a max security prison they are still allowed books to be sent in from outside
The struggles of a cracked screen is really killing me
Last night on NYC. Dinner in Little Italy and then the Empire State Building
Just did this experiment where I made a new Tinder account and swiped right 100 times. Got 97 matches. Now I need to throw my phone away.
The Game is still running lmfao
To live is to suffer. To survive well that's to define meaning in the suffering. DMX
.This wil be super useful for the 0 to 1 times per year we see lightning in SF
o.m.g. i seriously need to clean my desk. i about died trying to fix my paper jam right now. O_o
We got a new computer at work and they forgot to block social media sites on it. Just spent an hour on tumblr. Whoops.
I've been watching this so long I feel like I know these inmates personally
What are you trying to take out all of our fucking players?
Oh I need a back rub. If someone could come help me out with that, I would forever be in your debt
Boom clap the sound of my heart the beat goes on and on and on
\": That was great !!!! The screaming in my house is ridiculous lol\" same here lol
I actually picked up a napkin and wiped food ON my face.
I hate that I can be sooooo stubborn sometimes .
I have to go back to drawing
Who wants to skate with and I
can you hear me - fab
we all thought he was real. he did the snake shit, fake shit, beat his ass down. yo his mouth coulda got us all wasted. what a fucking clown
gotta wake up early haha :\/
laugh until our ribs get tired
Some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant\/lavish things they then do with our money.
Im single now because i dont just go with anybody
How am I going to entertain myself for the rest of the night? Eat pizza? YES
The sky looks hella nice rn
When i was like 10 my neighbor asked me to watch their goldfish for two days and i fed it too much and it died hahahaha
I keep screaming happy holidays in his face
So I'm going to post 4 pics of be be ready.
Vas a comer mucha mierda .l.
I actually have made so many amazing friends over twitter so frick off haters
USA starts it off early
It's funny that you think you're cool.
I smell like a bonfire and
I finally bought disco pants yaaaaaasssssss.
to com muito sono ainda
Cool. Calm. Collected. Let's get through the 9th!
You really wanna fuck but you say you wanna cuddle
Waiting patently for to gone on stage
We'll, first day of summer school was a drag ....
El amor y el dinero.. No se logran nunca sin riesgo!
Damn nvm he's not cute since he just hit a double
Gotta think we can get a Top 10-15 football teams out of those schools. Almost time to start thinking about it.
It can't be Teen Wolf without a huge club scene tbh
If your not sweaty after you leave the gym your doing something wrong.
Any girl can love you with her body. It takes a woman to love you with her mind
A massage is really needed right now
Kerri Washington is definitely feeling jhene aiko right now
4 gun shots already and I've been here for 30 mins...
Maria didn't realize she was about to watch a movie in Spanish
I wanna do something
Oh hello there RT \": I'm so little it's easy for me to consider a man tall lol 5'10 an up is tall to my tiny ass\"
OMFG RT : Let a fat girl give you head. She gon treat it like an Italian sausage with a side of bacon and you gon be happy af
Just found out there's a guy on who went to Chico State! !!!!!
Most of them are my family hahaha irritating ass
\nRT : A may play dumb at times, but they always know whats going on.
So I got this kid that's not going to sleep and he's pissing me off
I wanna be a billionaire soooo freaking badddd
Woke up crampin'. No, literally. I has cramps. :(
Finally boutta take these pants off and contacts out
Never seen my life in a lot of ways but always gotta roll with the punches...or die
One thing I can truly say is I NEVER leave my friends behind when I'm in a relationship.
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us
I just woke up in a full tuxedo lmaoo
Well that was easy
Tomorrow's schedule:\nWake up and workout \nBall with the bros \nGo enjoy prom
Idk why I keep getting sad over people who don't care about me
I think im drunk someone pick me up.
Need a new show to watch on Netflix
oh well &amp; you wonder why i think that
Soccer is such a fast pace intense game they really never stop idk how so many don't respect it
Too much on my mind, can't sleep
Ok so travel the world or move to Cali.. I can't not do either
Cuz I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga
We got a dragon in the restaurant
I'm gettin money I'm gettin money
I still haven't eaten dinner. Shit haha...
They're trying to put my baby in jail for domestic violence
we got the white folks looking at us
Get a job in your field of study and stay out of mine.
Having to work during the week while everyone can do whatever they want is ruining me
As many bxtches as I know .. How tf do I need a video vixen ..
21, my name on a lease for a brand new apartment in NY, a degree under my belt &amp; making my own $... but ur surprised I don't have kids!?
30 seconds into the game aha
am i wrong for thinking that we could be something real
Someone give me the link to the osofia vine where hes like \"YOUR LIFE, YOUR LIFE\" Lmao please
The same guy came to the br, to a shit, and just literally walked out with out washing his hands or coming near the sink
KSJC 240153Z 32008KT 10SM FEW150 SCT200 BKN250 22\/11 A2992 RMK AO2 SLP132 T02170106
Donovan just booked his flight to Brazil
Well now that I finished Orange is the New Black I have no idea what to do with my nights
Setting off fireworks with my intoxicated dad and boyfriend.... this is hilarious.
Wow, 90 minutes of with Getting ready for and the rest of Boston on Tuesday
I want to give you as many new exciting and fun memories as I can
BRUH they bringin back Lake Laogi?!
Just dropped my phone right in a bowl of milk. Go me.
OH \"There are 500 active users on App Dot Net\"
Time get Landon on an airplane.
Chicharro as algo Cabron no me.decepciones! !
I destroyed the front and back of my phone this weekend so go me
will you stop once you've called everyone
Looking to cop some fried Oreos from the Wall Fair rn
It's ya boy ! &lt;3
Indio Ca -coachella brah
Someone needs to make me a new bracelet
Ver a un presidente o a un Rey hacer escandalo con eso del futbol, muy de lacayos saben.
just met the prettiest pit named Damien and they didn't cut his tail and that makes me happy
Me and Theo don't even follow each other on twitter
It's Wednesday 6:45 pm, Nizario's pizza on 18th st has an angry d.j. Playing music and hanging outside
Let the lil homie kick it in long as he can make store runs and keep his mouth shut!
\"I want a pussy.\" just said this, I kid you not
I never understand why fans and people get so hostile about slandering opposing teams and players. Mutual respect and enjoy the sport.
The tokens - the lion sleeps tonight &gt;
Our Last Night \/\/ Reason to Love
Leg day is the best day
Son my average is a 95 for the last quarter. If I don't get into that honors class I'm throwing a text book
Devin on big brother is like a snow cone.
at 1, at 6, good day of sports
I do not like Kira &amp; Scott whatsoever
YEAHHHH HES BACK
I got to work on my time management
Those gritty Costa Ricans.
Fuck super cuts
I pretty much want to be a lzrd\/duck\/roodogthing, like, all the fuckin' time
Emmy I unfollowed you so I can't @ you anymore. I'm sorry this has to be so public. Emmy you're fired
\"One foot out the door no reason for me to stay . I'm so cool on loving you\"
Made it to Canada, or as I like to call it- \"America's hat.\"
I can admit, I hate being wrong.
Im so happi cause today I foun my friends there in my head
Amazing play you're a world class team, you proved it again!!!!
but the way you wrap em round me is a probbbbb
Seeing death cab twice, brand new twice, and panic at the disco, plus kurfuffle is going to equal amazing summer. MY GOD I CANNOT WAIT
Ashanti. Shakira even made a song about it \"She Wolf\" \": Teyana Taylor RT : Who's your spiritual animal?\"
Adam Richman had the best job of all time.
\": Big Papi goes yard! We've come right back to take a 7-6 lead in the 10th. \" you know big papi
No calientes algo, si no te lo vas a comer..
I wish you knew when you were on explore.
Thank you &amp; for the great and lovely meeting! It was really fun talking to you guys! :)
But I..couldn't stay away I couldn't fight it
i fuck w the new soundcloud
22 Jump Street may have outdone 21 Jump Street for me! Funny movie!
still on the ferry. and then i have to drive home &amp; pack for LA tomorrow.
Trying to be cool but you look like a fool to meeeeeee
WBW spaces need to make clear how they are not transphobic if they want trans women to stop their objections. your ideas have oppressed us
007 it's really hard trying to be singer but you go glen coco
I hope the rest of the lil wayne &amp; drake album is similar to \"believe me\"
I'll be ok with either team winning this game
I don't worship the devil.. The devil worships me cause I'm that ill
BRIANS WEARIG THE SCARF IM GONNA LIGHT HIM ON FIRE
Lil Wayne dress like a 6 year old with no guidance
Guys RT and Fav cuz thirsty
my greatest gift is my reflexive skepticism of praise
How do I tell the t.v I'd rather end my life than watch college baseball
! Costa Rica you earned this!!!!
I actually kinda miss school wtf
I like people alot more when they're sober
Bonded with a mom at the park today. We're having a ladies night soon and a play date Wednesday... Kinda love my job.
I wish I was a kid again ...
Who the fuuuuuuuuck are you ?
I'm thinking about chopping my hair like up to my shoulders...
Funny that two of the greatest people for the USMNT at the moment were Tottenham players (Clint and Klinnsy)
First a cracked screen, now a ticket.
I just wanna be sober for one day
If tgif can hit tihwd can.
Yes yes yes goal
Dad just hung me a chin-up bar in the doorway between the kitchen and the den because it's the tallest. Sweeeeeeet.
YOU SHOULD WANT A BAD BITCH LIKE THIS
Jus wana leave work smoke a blunt n drink a beeeeeerrr
LH HMGBDU TRISH DID YOU JUST DUB AUSTIN
I literally just opened the door to the passenger seat of my car sat &amp;waited like a good min before realizing im by myself &amp; need to drive..
7) when couldn't walk away from the stage 5 clinger pussy
Pandora is trying to make me cry right now
fill up banks like uncle Phil
I just want Friday to come already
$ maIikftlwt $ ur layout is perfect ! wow ur acc slays
enjoying my life to the fullest...... fuck u mean
Tomorrow is a very exciting day for myself and my family.
The core of your company is the advice for future
I could be ya bestfriend &amp; you be my homie
Headed to the lab Let's get it in for the NYC
LeBron going to cry in the car
Sooo pissed I'm not gonna make Avicii tonightt
That's what I'm talking about!!!!
About to go get some pizza man
my heart will shatter into pieces when santi moves back to holland
i miss napping with bar
Big blow for Really unfortunate.
.Luckily not cancelled yet, just delayed. If cancelled, I will seriously cry this time.
When my dad and his partner arent at work all of the workers blast mexican music in the office. I dont like mexican music
Article in GdS claiming criticism from 'senators' of including Buffon, Chiellini and De Rossi was main reason for resigning.
Right now I feel like a character in a movie who I really hope everything works out for in the end
Apologies to whoever gets drafted to the Blackhawks and has to live in the shitty city of Chicago
Nothing will keep me from my goals
I'm not even going to pretend like I give a shit about the World Cup.
Who does the editing for the show? Seriously! You're really bad. Does anyone not notice all the cut scenes aren't in order?
Me voy a dormir un poco triste. :(
I'm gonna knock out whose ever driving this freight train in front of us.
YES DEMPSEY GREAG JOB USA
se quieren hacer todas las chetas usando el retrica y son terribles negras
Meanwhile in Salvador, Bahia saw that Messi goal and is determined to upstage him tomorrow vs Germany
JAJAJAJAJAJAJA AGUANTE OLAAAAF
Lil Wayne was dressed like when ya mom wakes up to get the mail from the mailbox
Ol girl was ugly back then and now that she fine af she getn ran through hahahahaha okay girl geddit lol
my foster kids family came to visit him and instead of just the aunt their whole family comes and you can say we're having a party
Too many white lies and white lines
Josh Donaldson is officially my new fav player and fav 3rd baseman... Not David Wright.
I told him \" bye felicia \" earlier &amp; he really hasn't spoken to me since then lmao . My phone too dry right now .
These overnights is killing me but i gotta make a better life for my princess:-(:-*
GOAL LETS GO!!!
I got a 65 year old Russian threatened by me .. I'm doing something right
i follow too many fan accounts omg
I ate so much today .. What's wrong with me
YESSSSSSSSS HOLY SHIT
It'd be nice if someone would actually take two seconds and actually talk about my problems instead of there's
I mean if your gonna be like that I'm not even gonna bother
Yo this song makes me feel so good
Some of these edc outfits look like if Princess Ariel had an Amanda Bynes phase
It only works to make the mistakes if you gon' learn from them
what was that
You go Keke! I'ma watch that show.
I'm playing the whole I'm up mixtape lol
No matter what it is, be thankful the path he has chosen.
Fuck, comes thru with another banger. Dude can't make a bad song ahah
High waisted shorts but a low self esteem. Yeet
For some reason I thought it would be a good idea to go to sleep in my car last night and then I set the car alarm off for a half hour:\/
Men want to generalize the female population, rather than understanding their complexities, they divide them in 2 categories: angel or whore
oh nah i'm off the shiz
I deadass always feel like I'm a bother to people lmfao
Steph is taking 5000 years to get here holy shit girl
\"Softball will be the death of me.. but I love the pain so bring it bitch\" hahaha
IM SO EXCITED IM GUNNA PEE
I so do not wanna be up rn
Well, he's engaged now. Lmao. Like mA I'm so happy for him! But how dare he leave me alone on this boat?!
Like I graduate Thursday it's only right
I wanna have a pool party this summer !
can't find my American flag shirt ..... this is preposterous
Greece needs to do this I got that Stasinos blood in me
Sorry Portugal you're beat
LT: that wasn't a good idea ...
So severely upset at you I just want to forget that you exist for awhile
Jermaine Jones! GOOOOAAAALLL
It is cooler outside the Bart car than in it!!!
Yall niggas got snapchat or naw ?
Working every weekend is a pain in my ass
I literally wanna shoot her rn
If USA gets to quarter finals ill go bald
JONES MY NIGGA
I wish ed sheeran looked as sexy as he sounds
Words cant describe how annoyed &amp; pissed I am
26% &amp; my chargers up stairs. I'll just let my phone die
69 lmao... - hope you're enjoying your summer man. Let's do the most this year keep in contact bro
Finally off work. Headed to the box! Heavy 5x5 back squats tonight
MARK MY WORDS, I WILL MEET KANYE ONE DAY!!
what about angels they will come they will go make us special don't give me up
my mom has no brain
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!!!
My dad shared his poptart with me his morning.. Bonding moment.
My mom left 4 chicken cutlets for me and my dad ate them all
I dot answer certain shit cause it's irrelevant
Don't you love her as she's walking out the door
Almost just fuckin die because people don't know how to drive
Some cold ass water sounds good rn.
Find out on the next episode
Decided to take my CPA exams in New York. This state will be my home for a good while
Howard es un crack
Wake Forest transfer Tyler Cavanaugh will begin his first visit to an interested school at Tuesday, per
DAMN cheated twice in one year thats discusting
I can't believe it's been a whole year already. Time really flies b.
This humidity is killing me...can it rain already??
smoke with me babe\nAnd lay with me babe\nAnd laugh with me babe\nI just want the simple things
Andi is literally wearing a skort rn
Looks like I'm going back to BMCC
It might take me a while to get there but once I do I won't ever gaf about you ever again
had to do it
Saying goodbye to my team was probably the hardest thing I've had to do all year
I didn't even know coaches could get traded
I most likely think about\/analyze these little things that people take for granted.
We live in New York. Take your sweet ass time.
Why do you even insist on texting me if you have a girlfriend?
*America scores one goal*\nEver American: \"SOCCER!!!!!\"
Can't stand Bill Maher he thinks he knows it all!
the blind man sleeps in the door way, his home.
\"Can I have a tissue?\"\n\"Yeah you can use this five dollar bill\" \nis ballin
Maybe ill ask my ghost nigga to smoke an L one night
No matter how long the chipotle line is you cannot change your mind and go somewhere else
I'm extremely good at figuring people out in one glance.
One more work day and then off for two days. Relaxation
Guess who's coming down to Florida!!!
Idk why I fight sleep so hard... I'm always tired...
No two people are funnier to be around then matthew and ahmed lmao
Really awesome meeting today at . Love her perspectives. Thx for being a great mentor to some of the !
Ppl get offended when I don't reply to them. LIKE MAYBE CUS YOURE ANNOYING AF. Idk MAYBE
Trying to crack jokes at work but my coworkers are all team serious
Lebron please just take off the headband
Good luck to everyone taking the chem regents
If there was one day for my head to bright red, I guess the fourth of July is the most fiting
One day all of this will be right again
meu deus EU COU CER ESSE SHOW MEU DEUSS SJAKAAANDKAKDA
we just passed 5th ave as we we're listening to say \"there's a party on 5th ave\" and I thought it was pretty cool
CAN I JUST HAVE BABIES AND JUST SAY AUSTINS THE FATHER
If just called president can it just stay true?
how many mistakes can one make in their life
Ghana needs to get it together!
Everything is all mental if you ask me
Stripped butt naked caused a panic at the disco
I keep forgetting my birthday is next month
I feel stupid when I talk to you, because I believe every lie
It's Game of Thrones time
Who else but Clint? lol
I would wait in line for the rest of my life willingly to visit all the attractions at the Harry Potter world in Orlando
look at my location \n\nyeah you wish you were me bruh
\": shake rattle and roll. Maybe it will bring the rents Down lol
the only thing missing at this point is bona fide chilling time w\/ you
Shit was all a comedy when the mexican bitch was posting shit &amp; now that i posted something bitches wanna catch feelings ?
GINOBLI! NOOOO HE WASNT READY !!!
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad, I'm better.
I wish I had a friend like me.
no one can tell me partition didnt slay
The power just went out and I'm so scared and drunk I don't like this
I was raised that the guy should do everything for their girl so when I see females now providing everything I think it's wrong
Discovering that the movie I bought featured a lead \"from\" was so much better. I might just go to an AFRICAN dancehall!
U S A
Headach bodyach everything hurts. Just one of those days man
Ever seen a dog make a face
Malia is so bitchy i like it
and then there are those who piss u off and act like nothing fucking happened
Really sad how so many young kids are so concerned with how they look...our society is fucked people should be happy no matter what
Sin saber que paso seguro fui yo, el culpable de todo otra vez.
Ahh shit Altidore pulled his hammy
I've officially ran out of things to do this summer
In a world where two horrible people have no one else to be friends with.
This generation has gotten soft as shit
Sitting on a bench, wondering where I went wrong.
So exhausted to take my 5th class within 6 days tomorrow morning but..
Some people are so obese that if they're drowning I physically would not be able to save them....which is a scary thought
\": I'm fucking horny *rages of anger*\" bite the pillow and let me solve ya issue with my chin in between lol
Also our starting line-up is shit now too so thats a thing
Nothing like a nice glass of ice water on a day like this
That is messi for you
Wheat thins &amp; hummus. The most healthy Munchie snack I've ever had.
Tbh I took like 6 naps today ......
Lol this bitch
Dorney Park &gt; Six Flags
Dumb n dumber yes
THAT WAS ALL BALL BRUH
Damn. I want to teach me how to French kiss
Just got in my daily bad mood ah yep time for bed
they have a cure to cancer but won't share it because all the money
Hittin trippy sticks in the fridge.....cool shit
as I'm walking up to my house my mom's outside and says \"oh look who decided to make an appearance\"
These children 'bout to lose their mind over ...I might have to actually do my job!
love my work done by scratch.
Angie Martinez retires, we are officially grown up!
Kinda want to learn Latin, sounds like heaps of fun \n
I should just be getting used to this, it shouldn't come as a surprise anymore
What's incredible is not that the are going to be the but how the were unable to even compete. Speaks volumes.
I'm hoping this isn't gonna end the same way it did last time..
FOURTY TWO SECONDS AND WE ALREADY SCORED !!
Have the game on my phone and we scored while I was cashing out a customer. I threw her corn.
I want Niall to touch my butt
One block away!
David Arquette always sounds high af
are you serious? hoang said that the extra credit was going to go into reading quizzes so i didnt do it but he put it in essays :'(
Michael Jackson has been gone for 5 years. Now that mourning period is over for a lot of you...Prince was and always will be better.
Don't know how to feel about the new sportscenter
watching all episodes of sabrina the teenage witch
they be dead snitching in first 48
.made a mistake but how many times do insiders tweet n write sources say x is talking to y n it never happens.
In Costco I'm judging you on what your buying in bulk.. Usually says a lot about the person
Feeling pretty sick. Can't lie. I can't hang in any aspect at Up All Night smh.
The only reason I like hoagie fest is that my hoagie is like 2 bucks after my employee discount
When you contact people about a car and they never get back to you. Fine bitch, you don't want 10 grand? That's on you.
I hate you but I love you.
Me ago just sit doe riggt here cuz me cya bodda
when in doubt \ntwerk it out
Here's &amp; !
walking around in my graduation heels the next 2 days bc I'm not tryna fall while walking up to receive my diploma.
Rockets making moves to try and land another superstar.. Asik to the pelicans to free cap awesome now trade Lin
Loyalty is everything
An hour ago I promised myself I wasn't gonna spend anymore money yet here I am making plans to go shopping today with the white girls
I hear mad fucking people yelling about this dumb ass game like stfu ur disturbing my gossip girl
.Vote NO on - support local control for transportation! We
mom and dad its past your bed time, go to bed so I can do hoodrat thangs
Wanna go to DLAND lowkey with all the homies
One time took ME on a date and I made her give me the money so it looked like I paid.
I do, follow me!! RT : Does anybody actually use ?
Cannot wait to watch girl meets world
My brother in law had the nerve to tell me the song drunk on a plane sucks to my face so I basically disown him from now until ever
When Tim comes out of the game a tear might b shed
I been through some shit man, but I be on my shit man.
All I thought about how is rather do that than be stuck home with my grandma any longer
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before
awww i miss Shane.
turning my alarm on is very depressing
When you get insulted by You're basically.. Basic. Shut up. Lol
Nobody fucks me over without facing consequences
Just took my birthday shit!
Shouldve gone to the gym but got lazy as usual
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
All I wanna do is hold you
Underground kings !
\": Cause its dark in cold December and I got you to keep me warm\"
Really need to learn to pick my fights
Love the person that get you thinking the most
My mom just told me she wants to join because Chris Thomas plays so it'd be fun
thank god I don't have to do the chem regents tomorrow
The best idea I have ever thought of: walk around the house w\/ headphones blasting music so I can't hear anyone
AJ WAS IN THE KILLINGLY VILLAGER!?!?!?!?
Sometimes you gotta except that some shit will just nevaaaaaaa change
The most intense luggage tonight at JFK Terminal 7 originates from China: massive bales bound tightly in red cord.
my real life irritates the fuck outta me
Perk of working on national holiday: don't have to pay parking
to the people who can't pull off blonde hair, don't even try
Considering all I did today was walk down 5th avenue, I'm exhausted.
Wish I was with friends rn
all my life I want money and power, respect my mind or die from lead shower
Comes back thinking everything's fine, lol.
Let's go EE.UU
i think there are even more than that.
The happiest people don't have the best everything; they make the best out of everything.
Game changing day today. Family and Friends gave me so much inspiration today. The road to achieving my dreams is in sight.
Not a fan of these shows ways to pull in viewers what happened to CREATIVITY. media is corrupting us!
who's tryna frolic and b majestic in this rain
BRING IN WONDO
Wow I need to put my ac in
Nick filled my gas tank, that's bae
I'm blocked but I rebound like Rodman
These boys at the China buffet are high af eating Chinese food laughing so hard and all I can think is \"damn, I wish I was them.\"
Can't fix your life, can't even handle mine
Two big games today! Let's go and
Que agonia que da dessas pessoas que repetem 1000 vezes a msm coisa
Plus de alexandre et d etoo en equipe national ca fait trop longtemps que ca dure...akaa!!!
When I get married ain't no bachelor's parties!
Do you believe America?
I miss hanging out with
The best thing to do for Lyme disease is to not get it.
life would be so much better if u were dead :-) but id get 25yr to life if i killed u myself so i just hope u get hit by a semi truck
What's the word my nigga? Been gone since November my nigga
At this rate I won't be home til midnight
That guy is cute omggggg
Can you be the Nathan Scott to my Haley James
Martin Kaymer is the truth. He embarrassed everyone at the US Open
Thanks for the coupons in the mail BK but you're chicken nuggets suck
Welcome to gordon biersch, don't mind the big ass bump on my face.
If i stay home , ill dieeeee
You are as Italian as rest stop pizza
someone help what channel are the bet's on ?
ill take Calderon over that bumbass raymond felton any day. gonna miss Chandler tho smh.
I can always count on you to cancel.
People you do the most for never appreciate you.
I would really love to see a koala bear play a ukulele
This time in 12 days I'll be in the greek islands
My dad's group message w me and my sister is so strange
Roller Coasters on the beach bring a whole new meaning to summer
Fuck a fake friend I know where my real friends at
I'm trying to get some abees tn
DEZ IN A KNIT CROP TOP IS LIFE
Handsome police officers actually have a heart
What empowers me during summer is being stress free and getting to do fun and different things
To the person who gets stuck with me for the rest of their life, id just like to say that I am deeply sorry.
A jacuzzi and movie night would be nice tonight.
Excellent charge at the ball Howard!
All I wanna do is go on a vacation with my best friends
Sleeping on the couch is such a nice lifestyle
last test of the summer tomorrow THANK GOD.
Twitter: It explains opinions and simultaneously acts as a palliative emotional impact reducer for same.
Ronaldo can suck our red white and blue dick
It took me 20 something years to learn how to love myself, I don't have that kind of time to convince anyone else
srlsly I'm gonna glue a speaker magnet onto my forehead
If you don't have an emoji next to your name you're irrelevant.
Work is so dead.
I wanna travel the world before I get married
i want money, power and glory.
Pray that you come back close my eyes tightly hoping that you'll come back
Work is hard
I got a problem &amp; a plan
I think Chris Brown looks attractive with the weight. And I've never liked him.
It's a shame what drugs, unemployment &amp; America is doing to Puerto Rico. Drug traffickers single handedly killing the islands beauty!!
Been here for 2 days and no bud ? Whats up?
man I wish tonight never happened
Are Pelicans a playoff team next year if everyone stays healthy?
This isn't the World's best player on the pitch right now..
Fuck poor Dempsey
I respect but its just somethin bout that boy beloved i think Lux gonna turn up more then he ever has this time!
This is it!!! Good morning!!!
I'm so tired but it's too late in the day and too close to dinner to take a nap.
Ghana came saying show no mercy!!!
I didn't know Rich Homie Quan was such a small little chode
I've got roughly 7 hours before I take my micro final, and that's just not enough time!
T-minus 30 minutes until I'm an adult again.
Throw that ass in a polyhedron
The lingerie thing is so cute. I can't wait
I can't believe that really just happend
for the amount of food that i eat, i honestly feel blessed to look the way i do
Quien nada espera, se sorprende; quien mucho espera, se decepciona.
I can tell today not bouta be that day
I wanna be at the beach with a beautiful accomplice for the evening you down?
What's there to do for July 4th?
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby is a disgrace
God please help foot feel better so the can draft him
I wish I was in Brazil ahhh!
\": YOURE ALL HYPOCRITES\" yeah no you seem like a nice guy whose not gonna burn in hell
Odds On Amethyst who beat Trixton this year is in a $5,100 race tonight at Vernon Downs
I hate waking up at a reasonable time because my mom drags me to costco with her :(
Excited about going with friends tonight to the German film \"Futuro Beach\" at Castro Theater. It's part of the Frameline Film Festival.
My moms annoying the fuck outta me already
Just ordered myself a present: the \"gently with a chainsaw\" shirt from hot topic. This tweet is mostly a reminder to myself
these cops swear they run the streets
E aqui tem mais coreano que qualquer outra coisa
why do I even bother lol this game is so fucking bad
My 2 closet have told me in the past couple of days about almost bad situations involving them &amp; cars.. Don't know what I would do w\/o them.
The only reason I go to the bathroom at work is to check my phone lol
This starting pitcher Simon is really good has the most wins the nl so far will beat the today
who wants to play the wonderful game of don't
The kind of town where you don't have to lock your car
\": Who is this weenie they are interviewing now?\"!!
\"A nation loves you\"
Just found out an ex yard duty whom I hated for playing a fucked up prank on me in 5t grade just got arrested for sexual Child abuse.
So hear the voice of The Lord if you would be saved, you and your house, REPENT! For the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
See you on the first at the airport brush floss pray ;) ily xoxo
THIS AUFSTELLUNG I was right yay let's go
Update we made it homs
I need to try and control my screaming this weekend.
Woke up not realizing today was the 4th if july
Wait... All I'm saying is, if my spelling bee champ son can out spell you, you ain't got a chance! LMAO
Me, 24\/7\/365 RT : Honestly so annoyed by human beings.
Freal though someone talk to me
hay noo messi D: :'(
I said I'd never let you go and i never did.
The 1s from Alaska, they smart..they ain't wasting no $$ to buy ice they js jump in that ice cold ocean lol
Funk what you heard that cat is still one of my favorite selectors inna New York.
Last name ever, first name greatest.
RVD VS Seth Rollins sounds good though!
Nice dive faggot.
I should of peed at the gas station we stopped at, I've made a huge mistake
To give me all of your love is all i ever asked.mp3 :))\n
Excited to tumble with tomorrow
Dear Team USA, please don't lose bad enough to be embarrassing.
I was tired n now i have energy out of nowhere
Whats w\/ all the nuns at Starbucks?
There are people who.should be ripped from this world by their black heart
Circle the wagons ....weather the storm.
The ush regent is going to fucking kill me I'm so scared
This Doomsday Mourning is literally the scariest album I've ever heard. Fucking grimey
Family bbq lit
Instead of being on a social network 24\/7 Tryna get some ass and\/or crying for attention, do something beneficial for yourself
Korra update: Bolin is still the greatest.
I'm so happy I finally have a friend who will turn up with me
Ang bilis kong antukin lately. Normal pa ba 'to zzzzz.
Good Morning world! Hope y'all have a nice day!
New trending topic every time you tweet some good shit and you could fit that hashtag in there tweet
Now y'all saying \"Americans are so dumb, calling football, 'football' doesn't make sense\". Go jump off a cliff.
you talkin bout ya car. but where ya house at
i read tweets that they cant watch mets anymore...then dont. no one is forcing you so dont tweet it
There is none holy like the Lord : for there is none besides you; there is no rock like our God. 1 Samuel 2:2
I don't even own anything with a flag on it
Anyone know of good places in SF to watch the US game?
Who's getting drunk with me and tn
All of a sudden I'm tired....
The crowd at Buffalo Wild Wings goes crazy !!!!
The saddest thing about this episode is that Isaac watched the girl he loves die in the arms she loves and it wasn't him.
Dude stink so bad it's giving me a headache. This is New York.
CLINT FUCKIN DEMPSEY!!!
Cap'n Crunch is the best cereal but I am dumb so don't take my word for this
Talk about anxiety!
Two days in a row we have had fans leave the court due to the heat. Did the air conditioning go out on Centre Court?
What's good ?!!
Just ordered some food, this is gonna be one lonely night.
Sometimes you meet someone and it's so clear, that on some level, you two belong together.
Damn the gospel artists gotta listen to all this cursing or they gonna leave?? Lol
I'm gonna be mad forever
The U\/O is 10x I have tell VJ to shut up in the 1st half of WC match Germany v France messin Happy 4th
Can it be 12 already I'm hype
Ghana fucking taking out anericans one by one wtf
July 4th is one of my favorite holidays but In all seriousness it shouldn't just b Memorial Day when we remember freedom isn't free
I follow too many ratchets , lolol
If you can be emotionally in tune with your lover or child, I suppose it's possible for anyone you love
You're 13, learn to grow the fuck up
All it's gonna take to get another one is a counter attack, Ghana is puttin on a lot of high pressure
The all American girl? That's just a blonde haired bitch
That stupid s'more song always gets stuck in my head
Fireworks...then that stupid fucking bird that can't tell time. ITS DARK YO. STOP CHEEPING DAMNIT.
I'm back from my brothers 5th grade graduation it was boring I was sitting in the front and the teachers saw me yawning I didn't care
I officially have a clothes thief. I'm not surprised but where's my stuff?!
Wanna flex you gon fuck up &amp; miss ya blessin
Roger Federer vs. Milos Raonic coming up next on winner moves onto the finals to play Djokovic
Be careful. Your thoughts can betray you.
Good work Bosnia
Saw the beautiful today.. I nearly cried
You have better success if u know what docs to prepare before meeting your RE agent
F it, put Kawhi back in.
Like seriously. I needed to get away from this... And then I thought I did. But I was so fucking wrong.
been in San Francisco for like 14 hours and I've only been matched twice on tinder this is a new low in life for me.
I just saw a Volvo commercial. And almost cried.
You defended yourself by saying \"I was with another guy\" so please stop because you're irrelevant. Slut.
If I give you my love baby, I'm talking about a lifetime , what would you do with it?
Amazing how good we all are at pretending like we don't care cuz we don't want to feel alone in something. You don't care? Ya nah me either.
*groans when Ghana misses a shot*
Much like buttholes, families are supposed to be tight.
It's time to go back to the city and revamp
\" I'm pretty sure you don't work under minimum wage and you speak fluent English so you're American
the movie her is so great
What depressing ass slave movie was that? Why?
I know its love because even when I'm drunk, you're the only thing clouding my mind.
This Sunday went Wayyyyyyyy too fast
The beat in check the Rhime is sooooooo fireee yoooo
I need more friends that make music
Next year for my B-day i wanna go to Vegas
When I see him \"talking\" to other girls or \"tweeting\" other girls, it kills me..
Modern technology and privacy protection was ruled today by Supreme Court . Congress to step up new laws.
I didnt leave my house all day but I reallly want to sleeep
Ughh I just ate and I'm hungry again
SUCK MY DICK WE ARE AMERICA.
Come back season in the works, im thinkin bigger
I can't send you my number because you don't follow me.... But I really want a call from you
Heading to AC fir the weekend
I cant think of the nigga name. A corn fucking ball. Now he tattedddd. sike FOH!!
espn literally only tries to find smokes in the stadium, every sport, every game, every time... and I love it
Can I make that report in one day?!!
\": my greatest talent is being able to watch 5 years worth of a tv show in one week\"
I have listened to Alive about 4 times in a row.
You already know, I hold you down like a ship anchor!
\": Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do.\"
Sent Portugal home please!
See I know we not official, but us being official ain't never been an issue.
The moment you realize that the cigarette smoke infused air outside of las vetas is less fresh than the air inside lol
Sixers please trade pick number 10 for Dion. Please
YALL WANNA HEAR MY STORY ON LEAVING HAITI THIS MORNING BECAUSE IT'S WILD SO IMMA JUST DO IT
I just shucked my first 20 oysters. So easy. So cheap (competitively.)
Keep an eye on that black guy, he might steal my wife or my phone.
Kate ordered 4 pizzas from Nunzio's for us. Oh shit fuck yeah
Can it be Saturday I'm ready to be in Montauk for a week and not working
Someone bring me food and I'll love you forever
Let the past be the pass
I might of been off with that lebron line by a few
Just found out Mrs Cunningham works at old navy
I'm sitting here watching tv as if I don't have to wake up mad early tomorrow
can't wait til Costa Rica shocks the Netherlands
\": I didn't change, I grew up. There's a difference\"
Yes pumped to see another team from the Americas take down a European team.....especially Greece
I don't get how 20+ year olds hang out with teenagers.
Why don't u stop putting all the blame on me. I'm not the worthless slave u make me feel like. And ur not the perfect saint everyone thinks.
I start karate tommrow and I am pretty exited
So is P a yes Uncle Shane .?
.RT : To be friends with God means to pray with simplicity, like children talking to their parents.
Courir apres les femmes c est les probleme , je me sauve si tu dis que tu m aimes \nPreviens les jsuis un salaud \n
The fact that I get to see a sloaf friend in less than an hour is making my day
You eva got head 2times by 2bitches at the same Damn time..
TSN continuing with the 1997-ish graphics.
Im off this yall gettin outta hand
That one thought that literally fucks up your mood completely.
This is my team just to inform
I think ill watch frozen today .. Not a bad idea
The higher that i climb, the harder imma drop.
If you were wondering why the Nigerian players wanted to get paid before heading to Brazil? Well, wonder no more!
0 to 100 nigga real quick!
Men are too sensitive to and why? they can dish it but can't take it!
I swear the friend zone is for me
It's like I'm playing frogger with humans.
Anna is too much for me
Getting tf out of town this weekend.
cortney is cleaning her room and found a fucking dead butterfly that she kept
Are the Bosnia players even trying to aim for the goal, cause it's not working for them
didn't realize half of attack on titan's opening song was in german
Omg on MTV. Wasn't expecting that or the American accent.
my mom just yelled upstairs that 21 Jump Street was on and it was the best part. I come down to Dave Franco on the screen. I taught her well
\": That was some intense ass soccer playin \" we all sucked ass
Seriously cannot wait to have my hair long again
LETS FUCKING GOOO YASSS
Happy Independence Day To Everyone Be Safe And Enjoy
Is the purge supposed to be a scary movie?
She could have a Grammy, I still treat her ass like a nominee\n
Is Ellen down since she favorited or naw
Nipple piercings never heal bruh it's been like a year &amp; a half.
I really don't like when the fan hits me.
I honestly think I belong in Izmir
I really want my tattoo already
Well fully have up on sleeping and already showered and casually watching TV in severe pain at 5:30 AM. Today should be pleasant.
I wanna nut in a bad bitch tonight, but I'm just a basic nigga.\n\nAll I can do is wish.
My mom thinks i'll find a good looking wealthy greek dude by going to church????
Besides the fact I bought two big beers for 22 bucks I'm satisfied. These beers better cure cancer.
I'm not comfortable being around a guy who's gonna treat me like shit and act like everything is okay.
Wow and they're only doing 3 shows in the US
Im gonna go to sleep and wake up and pretend like this never happened
Gucci mane got half but ain't got half what Michael got. I don't crossover I cross the country fuck a jumpshot
\": If that person makes you happy then go for it, don't listen to what anybody else has to say.\" Rt
In related news, \"PASTGAS\" is out of the running for my next license plate.
besler bae you
Fighting off my stomach virus rn, hmu ;))
But that's none of my business.
Ahhh a nigga that smokes and makes food I fuck wit ittt
WH: called PM Maliki. US \"ready to enhance support to all Iraqis\". Emphasized need for Maliki \"to govern in an inclusive manner\".
Where's everyone watching the USA game tomorrow?
Tomorrow is going to bring me good news or really fucking terrible news. My anxiety is pretty much all time high
Is it bad that my shift hasn't even started yet and I'm already counting down to when I'm off?...
It's forth of July week. Come and get the most American food in the USA over at 47th and Park. We'll be here from 11-3.
Why do I smell so much
I have the same birthday as Chuck Bass so therefore I win at life
2Pac is dead and still is making albums, but you can't text me back.
Wheres all my friends i wanna cuddle
Henry Blanco is who the booth are thinking about
Retired electrician: \"Since I share the road so often I would like to see bicyclists pay more.\" Theme at hearing.
So blessed to have people in my life that take the time out of their day to educate me about the world
My decisions aren't made based on what people might think after
I'm barkin up the Hype tree til I catch Spike Lee, and then I'm huntin Spielberg down.
Cha Cha chicken\n16912 Parthenia St, Northridge, CA 91343
I've only been involved with one person who's just as crazy as I was
SHOUTS OUT TO DARLENE FOR HELPING ME LEARN ARITHMETIC SEQUENCE USING RECURSIVE FORMULAS
Donna was cute till she dropped like 50 burps in a minute
The only thing I find annoying about my dad's gf coming over is that I have to shut the door when I pee
\"Come and get it bitches\"- my dad as he walks in the room with a plate if pancakes
I'm clearly late to the party but WTF with The Red Wedding? That's some 2013 bullshit right there.
Siempre tiene que pasar algo
Too bad the tribute to Bobby Womack was cut off last night \"If You Think You're Lonely Now\". He deserved better.
Nice one Dempsey!
Autolayout with or without interface builder, for websites. Is there a reason this isn't a thing, or something I don't know about?
Es tan de nosotros los humanos encontrar excusas para no sentirnos mal con nosotros cuando cometemos errores.
So full I'm going to pass out
It's a really sad thing to see ya girls like being the side bitch.
That bass is jigglin my nuts bro
I'm not gonna let my failure satisfy the people who once doubted me..
Second of all, I worry that my near-constant references to Ellen Ripley in a mech suit are not registering.
it's literally as easy as wake up 30 minutes earlier and work out in your own room. literally that simple.
NOO NOT JOZY
\"I miss you like crazy.\"
playing nelly and bone thugs cause I'm ready to die
I AM NOT READY LIKE IM STILL TRYING TO GET OVER ALLISON &amp; AIDENS DEATH TF
Like I grab spiders all the time and throw them out my window
The fact that my dad knows that a pencil skirt is called a pencil skirt... Lol
Teenwolf..... Eh. I'm good on that. Never watched.
put Ryan Bellinger in he understands
lol every time i make wings its really a thursday
Sizofren koksuz denince sinir katsayisi atmis..Yarasi olan gocunur mus!.
I think im the only one who continued to run everyday on the break
Listening to some asshole adult on BART be abusive to an excited energetic kid.
yall Italians good for one thing making food... oh yea and sucking dick
Koscielny over Sakho anyday for me. vs
Such a great surprise last night at work. I can't believe this is happening!
haven't seen in 2 weeks this is record
Oh and using flash is an automatic back button -&gt; next result
told my mom I would be home at 12:30 and I'm just walking in the door now ..... this can't possibly end well for me
But I don't think that theres one girl that can handle me
Looking for a venue in NY for a showcase and music seminar, if you know a place please send me the info. Thank you!
*sees man smoking* [millennial voice]\nhey old man. combustions lame\n\n*whips out ecig, takes long pull of cherry vapor* [whispers]\n\n
If you act like a bitch, look like a bitch, sound like a bitch chances are you're a Bitch or Aflac
And shes only a junior
Staying up till 4 every night has not helped my sleepiness at all.....
That goal was pretty sick gotta admit
Why you gotta be so rude, don't you know I'm human too?
Tomorrow I get a fresh start, on life..
Bien ahi Costa Rica vamos carajo u rock
Wish I was a better liar so I could skip work to see @ the embarcadero tomorrow. Big inspiration to women in town!
Fuck. Altidore was on my fantasy team. Great.
I dont know by what measurements VS workers go by but that girl was soo off on my size dk 38 or 40 C im definitely a 36B my boobs arent big
You don't have to pay
Can't recall the last time I smoked a P dolo...
How my cousins from San Jose come to Santa Cruz just for the boardwalk haha
Joaquin Phoenix was amazing in Her. OS system story line was predictable, but his acting and the story surrounding it was beautiful
That's like getting lusty with your sister or brother that's disgusting
I change my mind I'm gona name my baby Aria too
Can Moes deliver yet
quien metio gool? no veo el partidJjajajajaj
Its a real scumbag move when someone steals something of yours from your own apartment down the beach
we went to AMS together &amp; i remember you were hella athletic!haha
First my hips now my knee?!
The TU today is gonna be real!
I'm comfortable enough with myself to admit that \"No 1 Party Anthem\" by the Arctic Monkeys makes me cry
Ahhhh it's gonna be so nice to have a full FIVE DAYS out of the city. Relaxation Nation.
Thank goodness is through. Maybe they can take out in the 5th game.
forgot my camera so didnt get any pictures of were I camped,bummer.But I had lots of fun and feel real good
I don't want to spend tonight alone, baby please would you spend your night with me?
If you don't mind girl put your legs up on my shoulders
Srsly so blessed to have the mom and sister I have and the family I have
How do you tell somebody you grew up with that you think you starting to catch feelings for them
3 more days until the best holiday in the world
If yo girl don't inspire other females, you need to upgrade...
Do I really have work at 6? Fuck my life
I really believe that I can be the next female white rapper. And a nurse on the side.
My head spinnin
Just wanna find a bad bitch at the Hamptons
Why does the purge have to be rated R I would like to see that on my birthday but no
I just want some gelato and 600 million dollars ...
Women with power are irrational. That's why we have men leaders lol.
My brother and I bond over food and medieval weapons
does someone want to volunteer to buy me pretty flowers and take me on a date
Ima be late for work fuck
long as you know that I can have any man that I want to
&amp; four black guys saw me running naked after sneaking into a pool
Tomorrow is a new day, life is good.
Quesarito? Taco Bell, this is why you need to die. Or, why the people who eat your shit will.
Hay mujeres que merecen ser admiradas, no por su cuerpo, sino por sus mentalidades. Esas mujeres que son brillantes siendo ellas.
BAHAH you're going to beat me? Would love to see that happen!
I need a pool to jump in. Its so hot!
NOOOO GET THE FUCK UO
Get me the tf out of this house
And then the nice man at Starbucks hands me a trenta and says \"looks like you need it\"
Hey John Green is on the Colbert show
Don't over think just hope it's right.
i don't have a dad
Bosnia! Keep pushing for the 2nd!!!
\"Long live the rose that grew from concrete.\"
Love how you keep an eye on me
hey cam! :D
What's the worst thing I could say things are better if I stay
weird to think how much can change in 2 weeks
Today was do perfect.......well kind of but it was still great
Beeer for days.
For the record and I didn't fight last night because she put her jacket on
someone to text would be nice..
I love that quote and I say it all the time
If you don't get up and wind up when Murder She Wrote comes on, then fuck you
I'm assuming that my boss didn't realize that I was supposed to work at 6 not 7 either
I'm such a cry baby omg
maybe I'll go on a walk
If its comfy its not fashionable
my life has been so unexciting since I graduated (not like it was exciting before)... being an \"adult' in the real world bites.
I need to get on herbalife they get promotions every week
I wanna eat 2 chicken chipotle burritos, some deep dish pizza from BJs, a strawberry brisk &amp;some oven \"fresh\" cookies from mcdonalds
Ghana's jerseys are nice tho
I want someone who's as beautiful as you
\"Idk dude. It's 5am and I'm playing with a flashlight. Leave me alone\"
When you're too tired to get up to turn off the lights but you can't sleep with them on what do you do
My plans for tonight changed so much idek if I wanna go out anymore
If yuh feel, Mi want yuh body, Yuh get trick!
Lol I thought they were gonna announce Zendaya ...I'm sick
Apple can do better. We as a community can and should expect more than the shitty piece of shit that is Xcode. There, I said it.
No freaking way are you taking my chicken mcnuggets with out losing a finger.
Hashtag it's too hot
I wish that the good out weighed the bad.
Lol what's USA soccer chant
My hair just went from 0 to 100
Ticked off now
Jheno Aiko has such a simple natural beauty to her, that's makes her look even more beautiful.
Always skipping leg day
Every conversation im having rn is funny
me: OMG Beasley is keeping us in this!!\nspurs: *makes 161 three-pointers*
The level of Ronaldo hate here is making this game phenomenal
LOL Lena Headey trolled all of you
Everytime I'm awake this late I get the most horrible depressing thoughts. Like wtf I just wish I could sleep at night
Don't bother talking to me for the rest of the ducking week cause I don't want to deal with your bullshit
Fuck ALL of you going to nocturnal wonderland. That was my idea &amp; now I can't even go :\/
And here I was thinking how annoying it is that I have to travel home before I can cook myself a nice hot meal for dinner...
30 second GOOOOOAL!
\"The gap can do wonderful things!\" lmfao! U ladies r so much fun 2watch!!u let watch 2night?!?
Today there is hope again for the American Judiciary ***Hobby Lobby***
i wish i had nice clothes
the amount of times i have read wintergirls is not healthy...
I'm so grateful that I have such forgiving friends
\"International standards are important to us and we provide our support strictly in accordance with these standards\"
I thought it was a good -- i.e. healthy -- thing when the breakfast taco joint on my block closed. But now it's a ice cream.
She a one hit wonder and u missin my classics\nDamn that's tragic
LIKE HOW DOESNT SHE END UP WITH JOHN SMITH
I have feelings.
Hate when it's so fucking humid out!
It feels good not having to ask your parents for money!! Get your own
what the heckaroni
Day one of chautauqua and work done and it went greattt
Lol you were good looking until your bio said \"I love hoes\"
I stopped tweeting for a while and this nigga is still tweeting about me
I honestly only want soup and a tuna fish sandwiches when I'm sick
I look like yes and you look like no
LETS GO USA!! At studio square !
So if you decide to write and upload any music lets let it be kind hearted and uplifting n the drought shall heal threw pure kindness n love
My mom always trynna compare me to somebody else's kids I swear.
Jamie is making a random psychic do a reading
Ev likes my friends more then me
saw this huge bolt of lightening now im in my car in front of my house refusing to get out
\"I'm not a freakin fish, I don't need to know how to swim.\"
And I had a PR going. Which never happens for me
its timeee to take my drunk ass homee i drank all the whiskey and my moneys all gone
Idc if colombia wins today today is a celebration of American independence
All that I'm after is life full of laughter
Don't recall a time I didn't have to worry about all this
God give me patience all I ask for honestly .
Damn I wish I went to Lakewod High all 4 years
I MIST THE LAST SERVICE ON SUNDAY..CAN I GET IT?
I get chills when everyone in the bar chants USA
HOLY SHIT NOBODY IS SAFE ANYMORE EVERYONE IS GETTING BLASTED
this rat is wasted
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off
OH: \"these cherries look really good, but I can't cheat on the fruit guy by me.\" Only in new york &amp; I totally understand my fruit guy rules.
If x marks the spot, 3 of them have gotta be a good thing.
That guy is a trooper. Must be the father of the crying kid.
But I mean it'd be sik if my dad stayed in New York for more than 5 hours
I really just need to be at my apartment in a face mask minding my business.
Hate when im hot that shit erks me mang
Time to run off all of this weekends drinks and food.
Lmfao were both laughing at you bitch
Honestly I just want a bae lmfaoooo
Sister: theres no good kosher Mexican food!\nMe: There must be Jews in Mexico! What do they eat?\nSister in law: shawarma\nWelcome to my family
Hey what was the ayahuasca center in Peru you visited? I am planning a trip. Unless I can find a place in NYC ...
11 we haven't talked in a wile and you're at McQueer so u know.
Fuck the French. GO USA. GO GERMANY.
You are seriously attractive. Please thank your parents for me.
I be telling myself I needa stop shopping... but what else do I make money for
Twitter and Reality are two separate things the problem with y'all is you try to mesh this shit...
I woke this morning thanking God just to be alive.
Bye for now twitter, I'ma read Papertowns... peys awt suckas
Watching Miami getting absolutely pooped on in the finals is the next best thing aside from the Knicks winning it all
He really called me the wrong name lmao.
I would cry if I had to watch tw this late.
Don't bitch about being lonely if you don't do anything to make yourself desirable.
Went to bed at 5 am and going back to sleep now
You can do it! - Rob Schneider
Damn Ghana wanna play fair and not take down all our players?
In the mood to talk to someone new
nothing haunts us like the things we don't say
there better be some vegan options other than frenchfries for todays event.
It all seems fictitous dreamin with my team for the riches They say to watch out, for the schem'n ass bitches
My boy comin in clutch wit the rbi triple gave us the W shoutout to the pitcher pitching a hell of a game against his former team
I know the USA is for a few persons with a brain I will try to buy one however is possible ps cu
Ugh. Every six months-ish I check to see if the third book in The Kingkiller Chronicles is out. It stillllllll isn't.
Someone's making French toast and bacon; I'm about to go knock on their door. I need that
Lose lose situation all the time
Ton of soccer fans on my shit rn
\"I write erotic novels for children\"
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE SAY THEY HATE SOCCER
You are the piece of me I wish I didn't need.
i have a slight obsession with all things floral designed
Go to school. Get a real job. Twitter just shows me that the generation I'm a part of has no grasp on reality.
They keep showing that player from Ghana with the Mohawk and the blonde streaks underneath and I want that for my hair
Still haven't caught my sub but you're texting me soo
pick me up and let's drive until were not here anymore
My cat just got so excited over my new sneakers that he's having an asthma attack..
I want a tattoo or maybe a henna just to start off lol
Honestly when you love someone everybody else can see they full of shit but you won't see it
Future to get my Monday started.... Real and True
America doesn't tie.
Worst customer service I have ever had in my life that fucker made my blood boil
Can't wait to catch this pussy nigga he's getting knocked out and a nice Lougie in the face
It's hard for me to be an champion when I've never been invited on.
every good book is becoming a movie which makes me happy and sad at the same time
So pumped for that I'm getting the game despite not even owning an XB1. Also, I'm rockin' that new SO banner. I&lt;3Insomniac
What if the World Cup was just God playing FIFA?
He can smoke out of a banana that's how talented he is.
The best thing I've done this year was break up with my ex and I am the happiest person realizing that.
LMAO I BURNED ALAN AND ADAM WITH MY CIGAR LAST NIGHT
All I want in life is a follow from
I wish I was looking into your eyes.
There we fucking gooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Except once when I remembered how you tried making my close friends and others turn against me by saying how \"bad\" I treated you...
\": Find a way or make your own. I'm bout to get mine.\"
Did We Tie Germany in WWI?\nDid We Tie Germany in WWII?\nHell no. We beat Germany. And we'll beat them tomorrow in the World Cup.\nMerica.
Wii came out in 2006? Man I'm old
Wtf do I reply to that
The Sandlot is on and my day is now significantly better
we got ticket checked L M F A O ok
Is she a bad bitch lets get to it
It must be nice having a family that looks out for you
i h8 boys
I'm sooo nervous about getting this tattoo on my ribs. I'm gonna need someone to hold my hand
Don't know who to root for cause the French are a bunch of pussies, and the Germans are a bunch of nazis
Popcorn, cheese and grapes is totally an adult meal, right?
I had a dream that me and wiz were chillin and couldn't stop laughing, &amp; I woke up laughing
Our pleasure. We loved meeting and speaking with you!
Miss my best friend
they say communication saves relations
Los Venezolanos somos Gente Buena y Humilde
Cause I don't ever want to imagine that all the other niggas like me ever had a chance
my feet are in so much pain omg
Kinda wanna have a fire tonight
You say you love her sooo much but yet you were cheating on her .... Okayyyyy
Subjecting myself to the waiting game is the worst thing in the world.
\": People who generally walk fast tend to live longer.\"guess im gonna speed walk forever
niggas never appreciate what they have.
Some people post some out of pocket shit on twitter lol
Dude I still have hella people too see!
pense q yA no existia pa ti ;)) rt : aleeeeeeeeeeee.
I honestly hope the spurs win tonight just so the season ends and I can turn on ESPN without seeing lebron all day anymore
That was beautifullllll!!
The only reason Mexico has gotten this far is because Ochoa is insane
I'm about to get in trouble for tweeting that but I could care less rn
Uh...that was for all the fan fiction, eh? Happy Pride!
oh how I wish I was going with Ariana and her friends on her birthday trip
The look really bad for the way in which they have stabbed Larry Drew in the back...
What a quote to live by
It sounds like Bosnia just moved to my block !
You'll never know what goes on in side that one persons head.
Not taking my phone to Disney, I need to get away from the bullshit for a couple of days.
tbh i didn't even care until you started talking about my son.
Nunca vi alguem comer tanta besteira q nem o raphs, e dps eu q fico gordo pqp
Best feeling ever after 12 hours of work is kicking back and facing a dub
Im having a party tn and no ones invited &gt;
Since when did making a Facebook profile for your infant become a thing?
One of my favorite categories of food: slightly too hot. It's an evolutionary advantage to get to the brownies first.
I want to travel to an exotic location when I get to the climax of my life.
You ain't doing shit till you making niggas mad
It's about to be one hell of a weekend
Best grilled cheese I've ever made
Remember when people were all like: fuck Dick Cheney? Still applies.
Well the SCOTUS has screwed over Americans again!
Noooooo!!!!!!!! Not Jozy!!!!!!
Can't w8 for the USA game later ugh yes
don't understand why bucket hats are a thing or why people think they look good in them
Y'all be careful w\/ fireworks this 4th cuz were in an intense drought!!! with that being said can't wait to celebrate Americas independence!
Yup, still at work. This will definitely be my latest night yet.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you don't stop thinking about yesterday....
So my day started when i woke up with a live roach in my arm. And ended with me, getting chased down by a dog otw home.
Guys I know I have no ass .
Like why do I have baby hairs, why won't those bastards fucking grow
Gabi wilson cut off for Comercial\nLil wayne song I herd 40 time on the radio shows entire preformce
Tried Johns Deli for the first time, pretty good
I'd rather have no friends than fake friends
someone come meet me at west lido
Messsssiiiiii my boooo gooooaaaaaal
when is it gunna get better...
Can all my cortland friends just come to buffalo like now??
Ik it's none of my business but God damn nobody asked you b
3 day drinking binge I need to stop
Just finished the rest of the handles I had from prom weekend. What a sad time. RIP.
Like how r u gonna call me and tell me lies? I don't play these fuck games
My mom woke me up from my four hour nap to ask me if I wanted to go for ice cream....
CANT SLEEP I NEED TO FIND MY CAR KEYS WTF
Leonard you can sit down it's okay
Awesome goal....bar is unreal!!!!
Parker decided to show up finally
They had some terrible actors on the Sopranos.
I wonder how rich I would be if I patent every idea I said I would...
That I will speak no evil and I will see no darkness
the guys from the vamps if they are beautiful
The reason everyone hates the US is not because we meddle in other countries affairs, it's because we call it soccer
Just choked on a straw. K.
The CONCACAF is showing that they mean business in the world cup..
THIS IS GONNA BE THE GAME !
DUDE WHO IS THIS FOUR EYE DUDE LOL
All Shoes needed was this Second Chance. It's on Now.
I NEED A DAMN TEE SO I CAN SPEND THE WHOLE SUMMER HITTING OFF A TEE AND A SOFT TOSS PARTNER
My grandma be asking me mad questions to see if I'm gay lol
Boutta go get me some fuckin insomnia cookies or see if the variety store sells bud
Shutting off my alarm because school's out for summer &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Oh wait, time to get up LOooollLlll
My room be smellin good af, but the rest of my house...well that's not my problem
JSU CHAUD DE OUFFFFFF PR LE MATCH BATARD
I LOVE YOU CLINT
Gave up a Yankee ticket to come to Vitts surprise party, if that's not love idk what is
lmao just finished watching full moon party on youtube
UGGS FOR REAL ARE YOU SERIOUS.
Lmao I'm dying
OMG NYC pride is too much
Seinfeld Season 10, brought to you by Path
The Street Trash guy made a short about a sentient ice cream cone and it has the guy from CSI Miami
Vamos ticos nava es el mejor arquero
Quiero darte cada uno de mis instantes.
Messi 1- Bosnia -0
Love these US jerseys too.
I like futbol
Nigga you cant see me my bently gt got soul grey tinnnnnnnts
Life in the 21st century: we go to a social gathering of friends and do nothing but mutually stare at our phones.
If you're turning up every night you need to catch a hold of your life and find something productive to do.
Fuck yea Dempsey!!
Can't get up from bed but that's nbd, bc it's Germany vs France time.
Keep saying yous a freak, you gon' prove it or nah?
Fuck being on some chill shit
Just so you guys know Shay Bay gave in &amp; texted me back.
I'm about to embark on the most refreshing shower experience ever
I got a blackberry when my dad bought a second hand 1 for me it didn't even last as long as \"miss Jenny fire\" Lmao
There shouldn't be pads or tampon commercials on national television
why they cut the girl off that's foul BET let ratchetness play though
My niggas got enough white to build Barack house! Hannnnnnn
I look at flavors of juices at grocery stores&amp;if they sound good I order the same flavors at tpumps do other ppl do that or am I just weird?
I need muller to score please I want that $1300
Standing room only to see Jennifer_Peck demo
Not sure if Spurs fans or Heat Haters. Where's yo team at
someone let me swim in their pool im hot and i cant sleep
I keep threatening my doctor with everything in the book if he doesn't get me to walk by Cali camp...
Ok my tv keeps changing colors and it's VERY annoying
why am I tired every single second of my life
Es la verdad,a mi me gusta saber que Uruguay puede salir campion,porque poder pueden,porque el ultimo gol no fue de Suarez,pero mhmh
Four more days until mercury is out of retrograde.
I wouldn't have unfollowed you on Instagram because you look good... then I saw another shoutout
Once u pop u can't stop
I watch orange is the new black but I'm not as impressed as all the other viewers out there. Am I missing something?
I hate fake bitches and ur one of them
My make up is on point today.
I am obsessed with the song 1 less problem without you by
It's becoming a tradition, buying McDonald's and not eating it
gonna go find myself in the museum
My mom loves to be a bitch
Trick Trick went and bullied Eminem into making another track with him, or nah?
Hey does anyone know the date?
Every time I'm reminded that \"The Notebook\" is a movie and I was forced to sit through it I become physically sick.
Man I so sick of being closet depressed
What if I wrote \"high school always bothered me anyway\" with a picture of Elsa on my cap
so I can tell you about my day
My sister was just jamming out in the car like a complete homo to we dem boyz
Little shit is getting to me &amp; tuning my whole day
class in Cali! 10 years of making athletes better &amp; giving people a better quality of life!
Greatest celebration to the U.S. goal was in spoons family room and not on the field
Beautiful to see that majority of the fans cheering in the stadium are American!!!
is \"shoot\" hurt or not? Now that's selling
A little soul is necessary in life...
I know I need to be thankful for where I'm at... But this isn't working out
Lightening bug spotting. It's that time of year.
Thankgod for ... Nigga is real
FUCKING JONES LETS GOOOOO USA USA USA
Im abt to start staying in, no more parties.
BOOYA FRICKIN YA
When your heart is too full with something new it makes it difficult to hold on to something from the past
I would pay my entire life savings for White Castle rn
*Desi RT : you can't buy a Chris
boom . im currently listening to tr's podcast interview
Again, preferred choice should be to get a winger for Tavares. Not sure why Snow would be looking into centers, but it's workable.
Nigga Lamont date a 13 year old
I missed the last one, I must attend this year
you should come right here to Oakland California we need you here
\": Thank you for the FT! Made me smile!\"\nYour so welcome. You make me smile too.
I hate ma fuckas tht walk around w ashy ass lips like wht? Theres gloss, chapstick, butter anything but pick one
Another great goal! Don't you think do ?
I am boycotting all Ziploc brand products for running a back to school commercial 4 days after school got out.
like wtf pick up after yourselves be nice to the planet you live on
. High drama...left a chance go begging
Niggas ain't beefing with a hamburger.
Soccer's a lot better when you're rooting for someone
Not having a car is just so inconvenient
\"Lululemon is like poopy juice. You should work at the Lego store\"
Lmao youve become so blind its pretty sad but do you ive tried for a good couple of months
Dammmmm 2-1 :(
If you ever need me, just tell me and I'll be there.
If two drunk dudes who announce themselves as creeps harass you while you're crossing the street to get away get hit by cars that's ok, no?
Tonight would be another wonderful night to spend with you..
This is lookin bad
\"I totally hate that kid's Instagram\"
Want to buy Windows legitimately and install it via Boot Camp? Microsoft Store screws you with a terrible experience all the way through.
If I find more reasons why I should rather than why I shouldn't do something than I will do it
I can already see listening to Paola speak as the worst part of this season.
Woke up mad af for no reason lol
Wish it was the day of that blizzard at work. The day with no customers. I drew nametags, stole multiple bags of chips and laughed it up.
Real shit RT : don't get mad at me if i start falling back and move on just because you don't want to show no emotions
That has to be a record breaking score !!
New York is gross and cool
That's deffiantnantly a broken nose
Biron messaged me to apologize for randomly trolling me.
My phone had been 1% for like 15 minutes. Die already.
I seriously owe robin x5847173 for taking my shift today
K no lie lebron did work tonight it's not his fault
I don't understand, every time LeBron loses he's hurt or something happens to be wrong with him....smh
A Couple in a short hate\/hate relationship 2 come back together by chance years later to find both matured &amp; found true love..
Dempsey is a monster
What the freak earth quake coming were over due ge prepared for the big one it may come around September just warning you guys get prepared
That was just... Disgusting. It should have been a sweep on our part. Never had that big pitch. Off to Chicago.\n\n
I've let so many great opportunities go due to my lack of confidence and it needs to change
Ughhhh today was such a good day
Spyro the Khalessi baby dragon
I've come to the complete realization that I in fact hate wearing clothes.
I called it spurs 4-1 before it even started
ima throw a couple thousands baby strip for this
I don't get what your not understanding, text me
\"this one is a lot girthy-er\" baguette knowledge from the GF
I got in for free because Britt sang the national anthem which she did beautifully...
If you follow me and your picture is of you holding your dick that's an automatic block
I think that may have a little too much time on his hands based on his snap stories recently
forty fuckin four on my math mock lol
My mom just asked if the spurs were from San Francisco...
I don't recall Michael Jordan ever losing in the NBA Finals. Let alone three times.
My phone is on 2% and I have no charger
\": 1 day till the album comes out !! Weeeee\" I'm so Excited!
Actually think I've officially stopped giving any fucks today.
I swear, my moms gonna be late to her own funeral.
If anyone can feel u its me
I'm not feeling well RN :(
\": Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.\"
I hate having to use touch assist
i love buying new makeup bc i get so excited to go home and try it lol
And not for fourth of July or because usa is winning right now. They just tuff
I need an adventure buddy
So a nigga drops 31 and still gets ridiculed??? Lol why y'all want that nigga to fail SOOO badly? Lmao my followers tripping
Pretty sure tourists wouldn't walk as fast as New Yorkers if they were jogging.
Who wins a title first, Lakers or Celtics? Private Equity dudes and Danny Ainge or rich kid Jim Buss?
Sometimes talking to people you don't know to well can give you the best advice
Need alot more than what Niggas got in their pants
Just want to do work and settle with a girl Chasing after girls and partying is becoming a distraction need to get to the governor's mansion
My hellweek is over!!! And my episode is out in the airwaves!!! This merits whiskey!
I was there for you in your darkest times.
He has a short temper, just like me. He cuts ppl off while they're speaking, just like me. He ALWAYS wants his way, just like me.
I love it when girls go all out in usa gear...ladies of america
My liver hates me right now
Hi twitter! I just don't know what to say. was...
There are community ambassadors that walk around being nice. One asked me if I needed anything since I had :3 face on.
When u buy American eagle shorts and wear them for three hours and they're two sizes larger
There's some wired ass people in Central Park
No way ginobli!!
My whole paycheck is really gone..
\"Gwen\" is \"Grace\" on crack, can't let go of the bar!
on Americans Got Talent making me tear up and shit
ISIS militants killed judge who sentenced Sadam Hussain to Death.
My family is so awkward when it comes to like loving Eachother &amp; stuff
Dont know why vouice in head when jeses sounds like chipmonk teaching psychology
Financially it makes sense for Bosh and Wade to opt in because they ain't never getting that kind of money again
Very disappointed in the teamsnapchat Fourth of July snap
19 is such a boring number
Finally trying , today is going to be a good day
Cole 45 &amp; 2 zig zags baby thats all we need
Okay back to my no tweeting for a few days shit again.
The thought of loving someone again is overwhelming &amp; it's making me ruin us. I'm afraid to lose you but I'm afraid to keep you. Idk.
The cards ang and Amanda gave me for graduation made me tear up
\": damn that's fucked\"hell yea.
The only thing getting me through work RN is the knowledge that there's meat lasagna at home
How tight Are we really? If I died tonight you wouldn't know or care.
My ability to stress drink will legitimately be the death of me..
and when Lycia faith retweeted one of my tweets and followed me
The fact that I'm awake and doing homework rn just means that I have way too much going on in my life at the moment
imm soo fancy YOU ALREADY KNOWWWWWWWW
Ahhhh needa take my ass to the gym but i'm half asleep already
Witnessing one's body mold to one's liking awards a ton of power. Changing your physical structure makes you feel like you can do anything
Clint Dempsey nose broke !
Really not feeling this 8 hour work day.
When people say they're \"board\" omgggg it's fucking bored!
Let's go baby , and go on an adventure
You're right, person at Walmart, that item IS more better than the other!
Who wanna go to LA????
I have no sympathy
Ball out of control put my balls in a microwave
I really liked the word disheveled
It ain't no fun if you ain't drunk
Turns out they're making thousands of life sized teenage mutant ninja turtle cardboard cut outs.
because people still think im moving , im not . im staying in ny but im moving to carthage .
Yooo I was nog expecting that lmfaoooo
I'm not tired at all I should clean my room
I'm the spider in your room and I've got eight eyes all on you.
Now I REALLY need to roll this
The locals are very friendly, there's like five people who asked me if I needed help &amp; directions
I've been cutting so much kids for graduation. But I cant really complain if I'm puttin in work
take a shot for every bobby pin you find in your hair
Everyone has their flaws, just because you are overweight doesnt mean you don't have them either.
Have to get up for work at 6:30am but chooses to play till 2:00am
Anyone having issues posting videos on ? Wrote to them and have not heard back. Any suggestions how to fix the issue?
Nice to see steve back in the car after his crash at Trenton. Hopefully we can make it a successful last 13 races. Hoping one gets cancelled
Props to all the people who feel 100% comfortable taking serious selfies
All the best to my &amp; family for summer funk on 5th July ! Rock it!
Fuck crazy how I didn't know how I looked like a baby until barely last week
Like Gravity, Karma Is So Basic We Often Don't Even Notice It.
Damn come on Manu damn spurs with the fts
If we lose it's Obama's fault
man you know I'm just playin wit you chill
why'd you only say those things when you were high?
KEEP CALM &amp; EAT A BANANA .
I'm sitting here on silence staring at my dad sleep lol. Ultimate creep
wow now that kaela and angela are gone I am really fucking bored
Bruh that reyna girl a savage , smashin on some natomas hoes lmaaoo
There are those that make you lose faith in humanity and others that restore that faith.
US on their bully shit
What is that magic healing spray, and where can I get some?
Cuddling with lily after a long stressful day is everything right now.
She reppin XO to the death
If you got a lot of hair you know taking that shit down after a long day is equivalent to taking your bra off
Sadly im not going to pride.
yeah you can be her forever baby but tonight you're mind
If you touch her I'll fuck you up
Cannot wait for the fourth of July
This city is perfect.
I fucking remember why I left
I feel like I died and was shit back out by a Phoenix.
I'm over it
\"Who the hell is Julius Caesar. You know I don't follow the NBA\"
I'm gonna go crazy because I'm thinking so much
I happened to know someone with a beard like his &amp; you know what his name was? Saddam Hussein
I just wanna watch netflix and cuddle
Lets pray today for the ones that lost someone they loved &amp;love
go to the girl w\/o a boyfriend who's sweet &amp; lonely aka me
Be sure to get your tickets for BROADWAY BARES this Sunday! We're gonna be melting faces for an amazing cause! Put a dollar in my undies!!!
The real loser today: my liver.
I want pizza
I gott say, from my perspective, this World Cup has being the most unpredictable and most dynamic of all!
I second-guess myself far too often
Wow. Boris Diaw for 3 and 2 floaters. I can't get enough!
hey throwback to when all of irvine high blew up twitter when iusd canceled our days off
I didn't like today's baseball practice
Jermaine Jones- despite yellow card, American hero.
Is that sweat or rain
Apparently in PT grad school you can't go to the bathroom without bringing a flash card to review .. Heard it through the grapevine
Is the legal drinking age changing a rumor???
I fuck with people that show thy care about you...
If you have a bad hairline don't even bother trying to talk to me..
All of them were overjoyed when they asked where I was from and I replied France
Madlib Mind Fusion V.1-V.5
Jerkoffs wippin it in my neighborhood at 130 am
Just seen the girl of my dreams walk out the train station ..
Mom \"I love that rainbow colored sailboat!\"\nDad \"That's because you're gay Elizabeth.\"
I'm dead ABOUT to stop watching this
bound. \nMy life has changed dramatically. 180-degrees in the last couple of months. For the better. For the best.
Ghana play mad dirty injuring ppl all over
WELL SHIT. 30 seconds in.
If I can barely talk how the hell do you think I'm gonna be able to go to work? My meds don't work that fast
Disney movies are actually so funny and clever
that would hurt so much haha
why does Andi always have such glossy\/shinny eyes?
Cuz I'm not
They wild for that RT : If something happens to me NEVER put a shirtless selfie up on TV of me.
About to be the slowest 8 and 1\/2 hour shift ever
Why can't you want me like the other boys do
Ask yourself, what am I waiting for? A rainbow wrapped package with a card signed by Jesus himself? God blessed you with desire.
because life can do terrible things
The way society makes people about themselves is just awful. No one should care about how much they weigh or what they look like.
Its a 2hour flight to Maui and a 7hour flight home.
I wonder when I'm gonna meet
Dempsey just got fucked in the face.
Mosquitoes only want me for my blood
\": Bundle up its gonna be a cole summer lol get it\" go to sleep lmao
lmao I remember when I went to a \"trap house\"
I was told my hair is feathered and fabulous. That's a new one
Listen to the song \"Really Don't Care\" by Demi Lovato! It's a good breakup song!!!
I hope I see oomf td :-D
Fun scenario - the , taking things too literally, sign Dany Heatley and couple him with Casey Cizikas on the penalty kill.
Checkin in at Dave Chapelle's show!!!! With
I'm such a dick to floorboards, but it's k because he's watermelon
Championships for teams wearing black and silver this week. So let's all laugh at the Nets for only having black and white uniforms
24 Hour Duty on the 4th of July! I'm gonna use my right as an American and run to Mexico!
I still haven't watched 22 jump street
Zane is honestly not funny lol
Haters will keep doing their job. But we should be careful not to be dragged onto their level.
Is it bad that I didn't know what July 4th really was , and knew what I was drinking today instead ?? Aw well
Class hasn't started and I already want to leave
Lil Ceasers Pizza taste so bad . Yuck.
This girl had to use her fingers to do 27-23. Oy.
Lets talk.about the times when i used to go through it
This sketchy number has texted me 3 times in the last month and every time I ask who it is they don't reply
I ain't trying to live past 25 tbh lol
Let's fucking go! BANGER! Let's go
I say good riddance to Jason Kidd, but I'd demand a 1st round pick, and not take anything less. JKidd is showing his true colors!
Did a stop at a red light. My b
So fuckin' excited!
Happy 4th of July to everyone!
Hola como veo fotos de la promesa de 16 horas la cuplio?
Twerk Miley Miley Twerk Miley Miley Twerk \/\/
I've gotten no sleep the last couple of nights, thank god I have no tests tomorrow
After 12 am everything is so fucking funny to me .
ended way to fast... Next week looks AWESOME Too bad Its only 1a wk
My Twitter retweeting shit on its own yo
The media be camped on Yasiel Puig's dick. Let the young nigga ball!!
Law &amp; order marathon
Finallllllly get to relax and read
I'm about 2 seconds from shooting my scumbag neighbors push mower with dad's 12 gauge. It's the loudest ever and I can see his ass crack.
we got one more in Miami boys let's go
You da hottest bitch in this place.
Hitting that H&amp;M tomorrow gotta re up on some new shii
\"I don't know any guy that says he wants his dick cut off more than joe.\"
my life is about to look so much cooler because I just got a
Just saw a girl wearing a crop top that said \"fancy as fuck\" false you're actually trash
Lmfao yea sure is going win the Money In The Bank it's his 5th try keep hoping for a push
Since when did Americans care about soccer?
Regardless of religious views, HL was case about corporate law.SCOTUS allowed politicization of case to make it about religion.Bad decision
if it's the last thing I do
Knowing I get to sleep in tomorrow is the best feeling
London tubes &gt; New York subways
Determined to have a good day td !
My druggy love me when I'm ugly hug me when I'm bummy scummy I'm your hubby let's get lost let's get lost
Literally can't breathe!!!!!
The warm ass weather makes up for the freezing ice box of a cinema theater. AF
We shouldn't be happy. We should be beating the crap out of eachother
Oh allergies be nice to me tonight please!!
My favorite NYC sunny day exercise activity is avoiding anyone trying to get me to sign a petition.
Ever see some people you knew in high school and just think \"wow your life is somehow even MORE boring now...\"
It all comes down to this! One game. We only need one point to clinch. But let's go get all 3!!
love how empty the gym is at this time
\": Sharing isn't caring .\" So What Is Sharing?
Very many New Yorkers suck :\/
Big fan of Jozy so I'm very disappointed he's probably out of the World Cup with that injury
Had a pawsome day in today w Even slept thru a play.. Just don't get that guy. Arf-Arf!
We will never sleep cause sleep is for the week and we will never rest until were all fucking dead
First day of work tomorrow! The boredom tweets finally come to an end
The 1 girl that I would literally do anything for.
Fantastic Interactive on why businesses should use an system to streamline workflows
Isaiah 61:1 \n\n61:1 The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me,\nbecause the Lord has anointed me to bring good news to the poor;
how i wish i could be in mexico to watch the world cup
I'm getting mad from how hot I am
cool bio where'd you get that idea!!
My mom seriously kisses my brothers ass. It's so pathetic
When I met you in the summer
30 minutes in the States and already a difference in culture smh people here are so rude to one another
I thought Ronaldo was supposed to be good. Haha
Movies that end with cliffhangers make me so upset
18. What is something you won't tolerate from the opposite sex?
Wow q pase Di Maria jajjajajajajaj
We can just run them red lights
I wish there was a breakfast place that delivered
I havent had such a comferting thought in so long, my happy subconscious just broke through
As soon i walk up in the club im a flirt
Love when I don't have to set an alarm
im afraid to go in on vine cuz everyone is getting they xxx deleted.... what yall think.
Final score: Team Jordan 105, Harlem 4 Life 94
Shoutout to the guy named Phil that fixed the dent in my car!:D
I'm not a soccer fan but I sure do love this country
\"No I like your singing, especially when you sang soft kitty.\"\nWhen people remember little things.
so 's favorite movie is 10 Things I Hate About You
Sometimes I just wish my parents grasped my references to popular culture.
At a grad party and someone is asking people what school they are going to and I was like I will be going to westhill
I am presently living in a box. Like actually.
all these pictures and videos of the pride parade make me wanna kms cuz I'm not there
My chicken nuggets need to hurry tf up.
Sunday stud day was on point tonight, dope new track from mike and sammy adams
I'm kinda pissed I wasn't able to make it to the party last night.
This dude really impregnated a fat chick, he deserves a standing ovation
Of course Ron Hextall is the one d-bag that forgot to remove his credentials before going to the stage.
and three years later I'm still utterly in love with this person and no one can replace them.
I'm still weirded out by police on horse.
TLIST IM SO HAPPPPPPPYYYYY NOW I REALLY NEED TO GOOOOO
How you call ya boo sis nah LMAOOO
JONES JONES JONES
Supreme Court says closely held companies with religious owners can refuse to pay for contraception - ,
But he'll text me he wants to eat me out tho smh this nigga got some nerve ... We will never work
Happy Independence Day!! It's also Toby Keith's favorite holiday
I need some of that dirty grass right now.
How am I gonna get laid this weekend with this rash on my face
Has the replaced the ?
Like I kinda want Taco Bell or Chipotle but I'm not sure if I want authentic Mexican food right now.
I love Eminem
so it's moving up day and all the guys are gonna be wearing suits hOLY SHIT
10 episodes is too damn short.
That feeling when you find a song you've been looking for almost 3 years&gt;&gt;&gt;
All I've seen is the first 5 minutes of teen wolf season 4 and I'm like YASSSSSSSSSSSS
Why you gotta be so ruuuuuuude
Shirazette Tinnin () will join us on drums at July 5. Looking forward to it!
Tonight's going to be a good night.
I wanna move to the Middle East and buy a baby tiger and maybe a monkey idgaf
In honor of Independence Day we'll throw a party but everyone must eat by themselves.
It's always some type of new bullshit drama everyday, grow the fuck up
Thank you . I will be there!!!
GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF THIS FUCKING CITY WITH ITS FUCKING TRAINS THAT TRAP ITS RIDERS UNDERGROUND. I PAY $112 A MONTH TO END UP TAKING CABS.
\"A tie is worse than losing.\" - USA
This heat man. I think Ive feel a sleep for 4 hours.
Can I pls live in Tokyo
Why so much ppl doing laundry on ah Friday damm shit more packed then the club
Benzino's mom died, he got shot, his girl fucked his bestfriend and Mona Scott is just exploiting all this tragic shit.
Malia Obama's Sweet 16 is tonight? But I don't have anything to wear..
The problem with knowing mad people is that I don't know what to do for my birthday lol
ONE HOUR AND 44 MINUTES BRB KILLING MYSELF
Told myself I wouldn't catch feelings. But I did.
hope the US gets eliminated already
Im so close to Mexico rn
People come to my Bon fire
Well I just got upset at the worst time.
Get low when the whistle go
I've been selfish, and it is time that I act differently. Do not be selfish.
YES! Wotta beauty! My jaw literally dropped.
I think I've made a dent in this chair because I've haven't left it in the last 7 hours
CLINT DEMPSEY IS YOUR BOY!!!\n
Its about time I got some new mascara
Damn Altidore injury already ?
I reckon if Jiggers gets 100 points in Leaving DCU will still want him
I just got stabbed by a thumbtack in Ashley's bed
I feel like sht
I would kill for a massage right now
Happi GDai ta all mi fellow brothers ..may we continue to see better daiz on diz strive to excellence..Bo$ .
BEST NEWS OF MY LIFE
Made hot chocolate. Burned my tongue. Proceeded to drink it anyway.
Se paso rompiendo a to estos palomitos
A good way to end every fight is with \"I hope you get a STD\"
Born in the A.S.S. (Hole)
I caved my hair is black again
I love the fact that no matter the fights or cruel words I can always turn around and talk to my mom about anything
Having a job and money never lets me down. People do
Scandal has overcome my entire life
These niggas really lost
Men now a days aren't childish.. They're like toddlers.. Better yet they're like infants
IM SO STRESSED AND I JUST WANT TO SWIM AND EAT BBQ PIZZA
Fuck having a sweet 16! Thats too much stresssss
Also, allow me to reiterate that there is NO Waffle House.
People are so self absorbed they don't even notice it.
PSA: L train is fucked.
Beautiful things don't ask for attention.
If I don't fuckin get invited to a carne asada this summer I will 4ever hate all my mexi friends
But why would anyone explain themself . I'm not anyone who needs an explanation .
New least favorite thing: gages with the playboy bunny on them
People who rely on other people for their own happiness will never be happy
Welcome to George's where it's dark and really hot and we can't actually make your pizza because there's no power but I'm here anyway
Just witnessed a guy get tackled by the cops in the middle of Starbucks...
Well congrats spurs
My grandma think she's knows everything
I love her if she speak another language
Maybe I just fucking love summer
Because who doesn't want tacos and hopefully a follow like bish whet
I dont occasionally ask for Favors...but this Is My life we are talking bout
Okay , I see you and your awesome pre-game music choices. Section 431a dance party. All are welcome.
Omg i feel dumb lmao
Realizing I can do so much better.
Dempsey does it
my name on nikkis snapchat is \"bytha\" :((
When I'm tired I gotta stop tweeting .
They calling you the saviour, so much pressure but you deal with it\nThe weight of the world on your shoulders but you still lift it
Ronaldo is at his worst rn:\/
Thinking wisely who ima call out hmmm
Alicia Fox HAD to watch herself get pinned didn't she... Can't just close your eyes and maybe sell the finisher.
Woman are exposing woman.... Smh y'all really low
Happy Fourth of July everyone! And remember it's our 238th birthday, NOT our 2,014th birthday.
History made today; followed me!!
Finally beat Wind Waker after all these years. Now, time to tackle Twilight Princess.
I'm honestly feeling terrible for Altidore though. Anyway, ! .
Too tired to go to work
Does animal crossing teach children how to throw shade?
Can I just pls live in the city
Did anyone else see that awesome umpire nut shot? ?
People that don't fuck w\/ you will be they first to say \"you forgot about me\" when you get on
I've got love pouring out of my veins, but it's all vanity, it's all vanity
Catching elbows to the ribs and his knees are pushing mine in against my own well wishes. I didn't realize we were playing low-post, bro...
Great workout. Got both cardio and strength in.
\"REV docket is ambitious but we're New York and we're ambitious.\" Audrey Zibelman, PCS.
I'm a boy
Someone must slide into my dm or else I'll kill a bug.
My mentions is a slippery slope. You gonna end up falling
Pretty sure I have a test tmrw that I know nothing on lol
Getting hit by a tropical storm on our honeymoon seems appropriate after the wedding reception we had...
I need these guys to come home. I gotta get ready for work
Anyone wanna get ice cream with me ?
My retweets though lol
A corona makes everything better
I still got love for her tho that's my nigga
My eyebrows are so fucked up at this point, Jesus needs to take the wheel
After reading 'Stash Pad', I fear that no one will actually live in NYC.
teen wolf season 3 on dvd = gr8 bday present for a yung Shanae.
I'm about to go too hard after work tomorrow
The term swimmy or swimmy swim is possibly the gayest
Does anyone have a pool I could borrow?
Robin Thickie is just a black man in white skin.
IT'S YA BOY NICK CANNON FALL OFF.
Can I press pause on being an adult. Please?
Cuz then you get to see THE REAL them.
IM GONNA MAKE ARIANA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS NOWW GUYS
Woot. Go USA! (Of course I was looking away during the goal)
Learned something new today .. Don't leave my food around Charlie
Abay with my bride of 24 years
That's why I don't think too hard about everything I don't want to give up what I have
This is exactly why I stopped letting people into my life and started cutting a lot of people out
Winning ain't boring
You never know what life is ment until reality hits you hard
My FB delete fest was very cathartic though those eliminated will never know\/care &amp; that's kind of the point
And to think...were up 22-6 to start this game. Poetry in motion!
I swear there's no sharing this bed with this woman... No blanket ...no nothin lol too funny
Just finished mud run came in 4 outta 30
I watch for and soccer for
Just went to price some cards on and discovered I don't have to hit \"Enter\" twice to submit a price anymore
What up equalizer.
\"I`m a stress eater and I've been eating a lot lately, so I need spanx. Are you okay with that?\"
That's just not my family I've distanced from them all because they decided to be judgemental...
Tbh I just want to isolate myself from the world but still have someone there for me
I'm not good in editing, kahit sa schedule ko &lt;\/3
Y RUEDA LA PELOTA!!!
A kiss is a great way to shut a girl up.
Dolla 99 will get u 100 its much easierr b
Other than I lost my hair at 19 &amp; I got skin cancer &amp; all my teeth R Fallin out &amp; my feet stink &amp; I pick my nose &amp; burp &amp; cuss I'm Beeutiful
swinging at bear road. damn they need new swings.
Benzino is the type of nigga that JUST wanna eat your pussy...
Good to see fernando gago back. Nvr really shined in Europe but his boca days forget about it
Drew is the next Gandhi :-)
Ugh I'm so happy I bought this romper
My dreams are fucking with my head
I'm always asking God when it's my time to have children please let them be cute lol. Ratchet I know smh
Kinda scary bc idk wtf I'm gonna do with my life lol
Feel as if I've watched all that Netflix has to offer smh
My mom wants me to send her a picture of my toe....... This is where my weird comes from everyone
THE INSTRUMENTALS IS FUCKING AMAZING I SWEAR I HEARD A BIT OF STRINGS KILL ME
Vine always got me in tears
How I'm feeling it doesn't matter cause you know I'm okay.
UFA signing day and the US gets knocked out of the World Cup tomorrow. Annual traditions.
I want to see Dean Ambrose ruin both MITB matches for his former partners.
Love how my mom lost my $300 and she looks at me and goes \"sorry\"
Don't ****ing whistle at me I'm not no dog..
Karlie the worst type of female yo.... know a few Karlie Redd's
There's this song on the radio that gives me bad feels. :'( it makes me so sad.
Just give me a few hours. I'll be good
I always miss out on the pictures fml
Jason Collins what are U doing there? -
I think Damali sees EVERY tweet that says 'Tori Kelly'
Thursday can't come soon enough
I'm sitting in front of my house &amp; my brother wanna come with all his thugs &amp; smoke weed here ok
I've already said multiple times I want wade to join the sixers this off season. Lol
Bad weed makes me sad as fuck. Bruh. Das so dusty
Don't do this. RT Why am I not sleepy? I was exhausted 2 hours ago.
We now need a John Steinbeck to write about CA's power and wealth and tell the struggles of working men and women trying to live.
head in the clouds with my toes in the struggle
if i ever get married i will NEVER depend on my husband for money lol bye
Best game ever * '
Guess who's playing at University Park this September!!! FOSTER THE PEOPLE!!! let's go!!!
Abriendo los ojos se gana mas que abriendo la boca.
Talking to you again makes me feel better
Feeling patriotic? Awesome. Now's a great time to donate to and help deserving folks + their families who fought on our behalf.
Ugh u know when u see snaps of yourSelf and your like what???
