IM GUNNNNA STAB SOMEONE
Just killed an hour helping my sis build a character before fighting her. She loved it, and beat me too.
I feel 400 pounds right now
Thx God, to be with me in every situation. :)
La ansiedad es tan natural como la lluvia. Entonces no me juzgues de algo que no puedo evitar.
Crc For the win agianst Greece. Lets GOOOOOOO!
Really, ? Today's tops have all failed me miserably.
Krispy Kreme right next to in n out holy fucking aye
The Hot Topic in the mall has blink's greatest hits and dude ranch on vinyl and it'll be gone tonight and I get paid tomorrow. Looooooool
Oh my god
everyday for 5 years....you can't just shut that out = \/
I have to say is soooooo handsome\/cute. I love him so much
Working this shift makes me not want to see the fault in our stars because every single person has come out crying... Every single one
I'm killing babies, no if then or maybes.
I think these thotties trynna set me up, bang bang. Well not as long as I rep o' block.
In Queens, 60th Ln, 60th Pl and 60th St run parallel. 60th Av, 60th Rd and 60th Dr intersect with those and run parallel to themselves.
going to nyc...moma &amp; beyond!
That doctor was looking all at my goodies and shit smhh I hate when they tell me to put that ugly stiff ass gown on
I'm so thankful I have a dad willing to bring me a shirt at 1:30 in the morning so I don't have to work in one that's soaking wet.
crash, crash, craaasshhhhh into a ditch
So companies have religious freedom now? This takes the believe that \"cooperation's are people too\" to a whole new level.
Can't feel my thumb due to playing some Mario Kart tonight.
Black people always getting cranky in the heat
Apple can do better. We as a community can and should expect more than the shirt piece of shit that is Xcode. There, I said it.
\"So what you wanna do? Lay a hand on me I lay a hollow on you..\"
I want to wake up my Israeli friend who is sleeping over so I can watch a sad movie with someone!! Should I??
USA WHOOOO ROUND 2
I hate when I let ppl bring me down to their level.
Im really of of twitter now, goodnight.
nature is seriously beautiful in every weather condition!
Jesus what a goal
I'm so OCD about my phone having to be at 100% before I leave the house
It's cold out here in San Fran...
First problem I've encountered: web bookmarks to home screen. I tried adding from Chrome and nothing happened. Hm.
Perpetual dilemma amplified during : yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, d... HALP!
So happy me and are boys again
I FUCKING CALLED IT
Summer camp or prank wars?
Came home with more money then I originally went out with
They scored ? What a twist
Como estas? ESTA NOCHE QUIERO HACER MALDADES!
Ain't no calmin me down anymore been to calm In the past
Wish these fuckboys would get up so we can get some breakfast
Anyone going out to Philly on the 4th to see Nic at that concert with a car? I'll willing to pay for gas.
\": Somebody take me to the Jay &amp; Bey concert lol\" You're expensive
Costa Rica keeper came about 2 feet off of his line there...
i dont like pain, i just like how it feels
intuition is just really good memory of a future that's already happened.
I wanna go campinggg 4tthhh offff juuullyyy weeeekkkeenndd
Tim Duncan got a lot of lives on him.
Girl I'm just trying to get you high without a word
I like the feeling of being wanted.... I'm finally getting that feeling
90% of middle schoolers should make a new Instagram when they get into high school... Your pictures are embarrassing
la mia cAllate esa bok sapa ;)) rt : no si
Terrence meets up with Jelena's mom \nShe was beaten a lot\nYeah Terrence probably shouldn't have mentioned that
Hey guys in vanilla are the lyrics \"you're boring, complacent\" or \"you're boring, face it\" ????
Super hot black guy I work with asked me what I'm studying at Pratt and I said painting and he said beautiful ;) u already kno
My way of cleaning for the night just throwing my shit in my dresser
\": Got my beer, got a pizza, got 2 cuddlely dogs, and my lube. Now just waiting for the draft to start\"\n\n Umm...
guess these niggas really didn't love sosa. RT : .got shot tonight.
THIS GAME IS REALLY STRESSING ME OUT
Finally finished work. Shit gave me a head ache.
Beach too cloudy for my liking today
as vezes sem vontade de viver ai vejo que existem directioners que colocam arabella no name e passa
Heat shaking up their starting lineup tonight. I think it'll pay off.
Holla at ya girl for getting a 4.0 for second semester
The car scene in the storm \n\nSmh
I've seen 2 blanket forts on my tl tonight and I wish I had more blankets now
Need new balling sneakers feet starting to hurt
O no Altidore
US needs to start fucking fighting for the damn ball
Saying Costa Rica's win is akin to \"some sort of epic Greek tale,\" seems like adding insult to injury for Greece
Me as a sister: No fighting!Shutup!
\"it's worth a retweet but it's not worth a ring dude\"
Sometimes I wish I could be as Blunt and insensitive like
Wow someone on my tl got a bigass head
Don't try and act all fuckin cute with me now
My mom: in my dream i twerked
Saw kids terrorize\/step on a peacock today. Parents stood by, said\/did nothing. Luckily animal is ok. Pls manage your kids!
Amy, Annabelle and my parents are pretending to be hella into this World Cup right now which is pretty entertaining
I need to try peanut butter and honey on toast when I'm high. That shit tasted heavenly.
I can deal with anything else but bugs
Anna Kendrick reminds me of Tina Fey
Need to start appreciating special moments more.
Anthony just said there is nothing wrong with a warm beer. If that's not a sign of his alcoholism idk what is
and under the covers all night
My uncle said \"Iqbal has grown up to a fine young man but I hope he leads Audil the same pathway and fills that fatherly role for him\"
My next low tide is in 33 minutes. I'll be 31 inches below my average level. That's quite low.
Wanna hear me be poetic and talk about emotional turmoil???
Having your best friend live 6 hours away really is a bummer.
Downloading tfios online cause I haven't seen it
How do I ruin someone else's self esteem if it's called \"self\" esteem? Not my esteem for you.
My patient\/client hasn't woken up once. I could have slept 3 &amp; 1\/2 hours already but no, I didn't. UGH!
Can't tell what day it is since school ended.
Get used to it Bettman.
Her name is Sonia and she's leaving for DR next week so what the fuck am I supposed to do now
The worst thing about gay bars is they're all SO SEXY but they don't even like vagina and it's like FUCK. Ugh.
There's no one on 59th today.
opa quero voltar para fishingfield ,aquilo era top
I love to get 2 on
cars 2 is trending this is my time
Sean Lennon opening up for Beck at Hammerstein pretty awesome
No i dont
I was born to be real not perfect
Had a great day at the Irish festival in Hartsdale.
Lolol what if I started taking group pictures with me wearing a straight face like how Asians back then did it
Brooke: \"Christa reminds me of a country song\"
So not looking forward to today's nonsense
Boy, that escalated quickly
She dont follow back doeee :\/
Don't judge people based on what other people have to say about them.
Me and Erik need our jackets
Just like Timmy &amp; Vogey, Bumgarner deserved a better outcome...
RT: \"Blasting all these niggas out my fucking way\"
I feel so bad for bron man. He didnt deserve this.
I need to get lost in a good book
Id kill anyone for a Philly cheese steak ahora
Shoshana Bean sings like she actually means it when saying \"I love Idris Elba\" unlike....
the best conversations are when both of the people are exhausted, but stay up anyway because they do not want to stop talking to each other
Hug if your female-identified friends today (if they don't object). Supreme Court just keeps shitting on 'em.
Summertime sadness :(
Raquel please stop with the dramatics! It's becoming annoying!
I meant quick edit.
All I do is tweet, retweet and favorite and look were it had gotten me.....
And now a customer screams at me in front of the whole store I wanna cry this day really sucks
It's been a great sunday. Got blasted up in paintball and now doin summer shit with friends.
Bullshit maldita distancia
Can't enjoy myself Cus of my eye
These bodies correspond \nto there particular plane of\nexistence, and frequency- \nvibrational rate (fvr.)
IDK WHY HES SO WORSHIPPED WTF WAS THAT
me voy a alejar un poquito...
Why isn't Paige with Wade Barrett?? That would be a great team.
Wanna play mh3u but im in a comfy spot atm
I'll lose out on everything b4 I deal with stupid shit.. Foh
I odee fuck with Daylyt but Ars had that one.
when zanny makes pulled pork for dinner &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
The main question is how bad will my sunburn be at the end of this
One more workday and then it's time to get shitty in lake George.
Me and oomf has to catch up
I made the decision that I am going to chop my hair off.
Alright gonna be an awkward hour car ride with my little brother and sister friend and I leggo!
But that stereotype doesn't even fit bc boys don't like me smh
Omg can you email me that pic so I can print it and put it in my diary!!!
My boyfriends being mean to me because I don't watch teen wolf ok
His team could legitimately beat some varsity teams in the Grand Rapids area. They are whooping on these east coast teams. So technical.
i can see my baby swinging, his parliaments on fire, his hands are up.
Maybe I should just sleep. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Just asked my single uncle \"how come you came home so late?\"
Feels good to finally relax
Guys will call a women crazy but forget who got her fucked up
Thank you, founding fathers, for this day of sandals, beer, and grilled food.
lmk when a guys penis bleeds every month. then I'll give a fuck.
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
FaceTime is not the same as you cuddling next to me :\/
There are lots of ways to not be unhappy \nI'm going to keep a list
Pharrell and dem big azz Uggs!
two queens is clearly the superior bed configuration, because you can drop a hot toddy in one and move to the other
I'm not trying to be a dick authors, but Jesus Christ instead of DMing &amp; spamming for reviews just go write a new fucking book.
Only in the US would your employer have a legal say in an employee's reproduction choices.
U live ur niqqah hanging alone all night, then u come on twitter with boring ass tweets bout ur Bae, \nCut some moment bitch
I never dream so when I do I'm very happy
\"Gray va a intentar hacer el iced shell y Juvia lo va a detener\" PERO QUE DICEN QUE ME DUELE
I left the house without wearing a hat.
They really dragged me to the club in chucks. I had on a Canadian tux &amp; chucks...in the club. Wtf.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery.
You can feel sore tomorrow or you can feel sorry tomorrow. You choose.
Step 1 get money step 2 REPEAT STEP ONE
S\/o hooking up a cripple with some chicken wings lol
Happy Father's Day, please enjoy this picture of a grainy old glossy photograph of my dad taken in 1997. This is what he used to look like.
The hobbit for the billionth time
The idiots are out every night on twitter but it looks like the real winners are out tonight.
If only there were more videos on YouTube that used The XX \"Intro\".
Listened to Attila for the first time.
lol dude if u gonna subtweet fucking tag me pls
Back to back for Kelly Johnson and Brett Gardner 4-0 Good guys
This Kermit thing got too out of control!
omg my mom just made me laugh so hard i cried
Now I'm gone like delete and erase
Calling myself pale would be an understatement
I feel like would be an awesome song
Sometimes, when everything is going wrong, all you need is that one person to make everything right somehow...
2 days until my birthday though.
I honestly don't have a problem with cussing. But when you cuss AT a girl, that's where I draw a line. It's disrespectful.
Who trying chill w me and d
someone call me &amp; lets talk about i don't even care what all night bc i can't sleep.
We were just on the jumbotron at Yankee Stadium! Hah
I swear if theres thunder or lighting iama run home
'Dad, they just put that US dude in a coffin!' - 10-year-old World Cup stretcher \/ injury analysis. Aaand he's right.
Muchas veces sufrimos por lo que nos imaginamos, no por lo que vemos.
845-430 not bad not bad. But I swear if I get any bitchy couponer sans your coupon does not go through I will not accept that shit.
It's time for you to be quiet
My mom need to get and get ready
Burnt a little but of my eyebrow getting creative killing a spider I don't regret it thoo !!
My brother walks up to me and says \"shit I can't believe they're letting you graduate\"
so blessed to be on line with the potters house...thanks for bible study on line for some of us home bound
0-100 real quick Dempsey
What the fuck do you think you're doing
Dreamt about a 5 course meal including 2 desserts and me eating each 1 .. What torture upon waking up
Lucky number 13. GOOOOOOOL
You already know cuhz I bought the black mamba fighting gloves got the grill trill mouth peice. Less get it
Big tree fall hard.
Designer friends: What prototyping tool do you recommend? , , or wait until comes out?
If anyone else tells me to be sure to drink Gatorade or water because I'm sick I will drown us both in Gatorade
What a fuckong goal!!!!!!
I NEED ANSWERS AND I NEED THEM NOW
: Do they have a 12 step program for \"chicks who wear maternity clothes even though they ain't pregnant\" fetish?
My dad shitting on LeBron lol \"he ain't Jordan\" JORDAN NEVER LOST IN FINALS!
I haven't felt this angry in a very long time. I'm glad nobody has to deal with me right now
Wooooooooooooo new plane. Only 45 min delay now
Literally don't like hanging up first unless it's on my dad. Lol.
I honestly hate the stupid twitter update I follow people accidentally on the daily
\"Keep it in my head, keep it in my mouth, keep it in my... Hair?\"
Can't wait to watch the stupid Disney version of what USED to be the best show ever. I'm boycotting girl meets world.
Fuck big brother is on at 8 not 9
So into phil collins lately
Wide open, not challenged 3 and you still miss? Smh.
Love Pharrell but why is he wearing uggs in the summer?
I can communicate and have a more intellectual conversation with my two year old than these people. I chose this field though.
Rounding off a great month performing in NY with tickets to see in this Wed. VERY happy lady.
Whoever said money can't buy happiness was DUMB.
I Love Girls - Pleasure P
You ruined our relationship and now you're ruining my new one. Go the fuck away and let me be happy.
August 18 can't come faster man
So glad I came here to be home alome
Probably smoke cigarettes, fight, fuck, drink, arcade, clubbing, and play soccer. Altered lifestyle.
US OF FUCKING A CLINT DEMPSEY LET'S FUCKING GO
Lmao \"to have feelings\"
RMFT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : Why do 13 year olds have more freedom than me
Be a nice redemption win from last year
Ok time for bed goodnight. I have to be up early tomorrow.
\"Sorry.. I love you\" WOAH THERE IVE NOT BUI HERE
Handprints and good grips all on my ass
Memories, sinking , deep in, leaking in my mind.
It ain't nothin' to cut the bitch out
i just keep telling myself i'll be okay
I've been infected with restless whispers and cheats\nThat manifested in words and lies that you speak. Because I played the fool for you.
Happy for my friends but not the team haha
I miss big bart
From coach Kwesi Appiah confirms sacking Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sulley Muntari from team camp. M\/t
Im still going to be surprised if US wins this
Ahhhh my brother in law and all his family are going crazy right now!!!!
Gucci Mane ft. Young Thug-Love Somebody
I feel kinda hurt..but shouldn't I be used to it?
I wanna fall in love, but I want it right this time.
what does it feel like when follows you
If I remove them emojis from your name you know I ain't fucking witcha
I want to go to bed.
Danny asks to drive. I deny. I get lost. 40 min later. Danny drives.
Fuck you guys let me fucking sleep
I did like 10 squats a month ago and my legs r still sore lol
A drone flies above Stanford, filming the campus for . \"What kind of training does it take to fly this?\" \"Lots of crashes.\"
Like we really need to hear your phone conversation.
Is it football season yet?
Regardless of who you are out how you feel you measure up today know God Has called you to greatness
Wtf why did I reply to that. Lol
Just beat Watchdogs
Fuckin love that from Messi what a goal
100 day challenge starts today.. Back to running on a daily like I did on my mission.. Right on for puttin me on
So when will a girl realize that maybe a nice guy will do them good?
I just try to be nice &amp; it completely backfires. Ugh.
Yay Oakland! :) 's &lt;3
Feels so great bein in ur own bed after a night of drinking
I don't like the neck part on Ghana's jerseys
Bdubs salsa tastes like pasta sauce and poop.
Wow my dad is a dick
Been on Facebook way too much in the past few days
I really do look hella fat in that picture of me and Sean
You fuckin with ah MITCH baby thats on mommas !
Frock frack fuck
Finally back into the show
They ain't got no chill . smh
Coworkers invited me to smoke with them after work. I've been initiated into the clique
Please mom let me quit my job and buy me a scuf please
Probably cause you like so many people :)
Can't find my TV remote!!! This is terrrrible
if employers actually do go through your Facebook and twitter and stuff I will be homeless immediately after college
Everything about this just SUCKS.
I honestly wished I care but like I have bigger stuff to worry about...like my hair
I feel bad ass cus I got to wear a white coat and use a stethoscope today at the hospital, call me Dr. Karen
It's a bit hard to believe that it's been 5 years since Michael Jackson has passed
Today I heard someone belt Aspects of Love...
It's 2014 and gingers still have no soul.
Seen on a kid's shirt at the diner tonight: FART NINJA
Somebody called and said the rap game needs us
Yall need to stop chasing these niggas thats just fucking yall ... And become a independent women .. Trust me a man will come along
This nurse is really nice and patient... The fact that she's been working 10 hours makes it that more amazing
Di Maria so disrespectful smh
my grandma gave me a back massage
I would've subbed Zusi off instead
Just realized Catalan is easier to understand than Spanish. But less useful. Dammit.
&amp; glen told me i was his favorite (':
This Durk an Tyga beef is dumb, both of you can see eachother whenever. Check his location an fly your rich ass over there.
My iPod randomly played \"Gimme Shelter\" on both my morning and evening commutes. Good iPod!
\": Right person, wrong time. I hate that.\"
Too young thinking were too old to live
AND EVERYONE IS NOT YOUR FRIEND! ALL YALL DO IS FUCKING SMOKE AND DRINK TOGETHER, OTHER THAN THAT YALL DONT KNOW SHIT ABOUT EACH OTHER
Portugal wutless AF
Anyone wanna play roller hockey tn at seaford train station?? Lmk
Tamela got bigger since the last time I saw her
Dempsey got fucked up right there
I done seen so many G Wagons out here
I can't go a day without listening to music
And there's the first tweet of the night
2:1 for the woooohoooooooo!
You're going to find that many of the truths that we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view.
Probably not sleeping tonight after watching the conjuring...
Bass so heavy it shakes the wax out ya ears
Arjhay either really get me mad or make me laugh really hard
Fine that nigga
\": share a six word story\" I am happy all the time
I just noticed its one in the morning
Was not in a good mood this morning when I was setting the pins... So good luck putting today fuckers
Ashisn on the paint wondering if I lost my way
I really need to eat healthier
*Receives text from my man* ^_^ !! me, cranky? No way.
Today is going to be a great day!
stop losing the ball midfield. has been intercepting your passes. Recipe.for disaster.
I realize things so late sometimes
Did well on all my regents except trigonometry.
I need a beeeeer!
1st things first let my sons know what's up , I ain't go out like no Sukka I always dropped my nuts
I'm not sure I'm emotionally ready for the game of thrones finale tonight.
Add me on snap chat - lmespinal
Does a tie advance the US?
\"An Arab and a Jew came together for one common God...Rick James\" said [laughs] \"no, we are serious.\"
Does anybody have plasti dip ?
I can't believe you got the best of me.
Some people have that effect on you that make you into a better person, &amp; that's exactly what she's doing to me
The fact that Neymar is out for the rest of the World Cup pisses me off so much
The gym smells like a locker room...
Good thing my reading project is due tomorrow when I haven't even started it yet ! :)))
Lost my mind along time ago to finally need forensics
Dude really can't win
The commercials must be working though, because my first thought was not \"nuclear meltdown,\" but marshallow monsoon.
Sick of \"your car isn't even fast\" NO SHIT
Now that idc about anything imma violate wait till that chance comes
About to enjoy a beautiful meal with mum!
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x119
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x118
All she wanna do is get high and eat good
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x115
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x114
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x117
We bring the noise we bring the ruckus!!
This cold water challenge is the dumbest thing I've ever heard of. Hello, we're in a drought! Get it together, people!
Not even gonna try spamming bc I already know he's not gonna notice me
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x113
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x112
\"Can I please have some extra gluten on that? I want the ice cream that has gluten in it. Extra gluten\"
Imagine Snoop Dogg giving you a bubble bath
I AM VERY AWARE I HAVE 2 F'S IN EFFRON
I was out and I mean OUT for hours. I got home at 5 and woke up at 1. Mom was still up watching tv and she asks if im ok.
Ugh someone buy me Tiffany jewelry
Ce eh louco to trabalhando faz quase 14 horas eu ein
never can go to sleep happy . smh .
I REHEARSED ALL DAY AND ITS OVER OK BYE FELICIA
When I started training my Body Fat was at 33%, a scary 291 pounds body frame. This was my life and not going back to it.
Manu throwing it down!
Portugal is more important
Can someone start picking me up for weightlifting in the mirbibg a starting Thursday??
I'm good with what just said except the part about adding
3 D's second semester there goes my chance of getting in to a good college.
I just updated my phone and I love it.
\"kristine what's 'tutting'? sounds wrong..but funny. i like 'tutting'\"
Birthday, it's ya birthday. Bad bitch contest, you in first place. Happy birthday, America!
\"what if\" is just about the worst thing a person could live with hanging over them
Lebron worth billions and got millions that want to watch him ... But he on da bench smdh
He pimped the shit out of that swing
The goalie did not expect that. Wow
Like lets go out and do something I dont wanna stay at home.
Hell plan D is rock vs cena 3
I'm gonna try to date my Italian roommate so I can tell people I dated a guy who dated a girl who used to date christiano ronaldo.
When bae doesn't text back &lt;&lt;&lt;
Then there was a giant snake in the street and I had to run home to make sure my dog was inside and okay
Dont judge a book by its cover. Dont believe rumors.
I just want somebody i can chill with, and whatever happens happens. Im not asking for a lot i swear.
Did u notice you stalked my twitter? Yeah I noticed too. Creep
HI FRIENDS IM GOING TO GO ON A HAUNTED ROAD AND DYE BYE PEOPLE
Death Valley is appropriately named
They're talking Melo with Dubs, I'm just thinking about how roids they will be in NBA 2k15 lol
Are you trying to tell the world something?
Roll that doobie like its my job
Nor cal and So cal is so different.
I like to look at abstract painting while having sex.
i will peel off my face if it doesnt get nicer
I'm in the middle of nowhere where apps traffic exists looking out of the window listening to hallelujah this is too dramatic even for me
I really want to talk to someone :p hmu
Neil A. was the first man on the moon. Now say \"Neil A.\" backwards. OoOooooOoo!
should I bring my tripod out tonight?
I'm just gonna text you fuck it
So uh who wants to see one republic\/the script\/American authors at jones beach with me??
Why do I always get the most\n irritated\/moody during any holiday
I wish there was a way to get the feeling of being drunk without drinking !
I don't like when people waste my fucking time.
It's up to you how you want to be treated
I don't wanna grow up anymore. Seems like the older I get, the more disappointments I face.
Whatchu think about me takin you dowwwn yea
In dreams I meet you in warm conversation, we both wake in lonely beds in different cities. And time is taking its sweet time erasing you.
Yo we seriously don't need to have our phones on us, always holding up a phone documenting every single little thing of every day.
Ion discriminate but I rather a lightskinned female
In case you were wondering if blue cheese stuffed olives can fuel your run, yes, yes they can.
I'm probably the hardest girl ever to please. Like I feel bad for anyone that puts up with me
Las personas no cambian con el tiempo, el tiempo te muestra lo que en realidad son.
Naa I really should of been in LA this year
I'm honestly like one of the most destructive people I break everything omg
Ohhhhh bey and jay? LOL they haven't been at the innyears! Ticket sales must be bad lmao
hahaha that was when tumblr was hella fun
Watching The World Cup makes me wish I still played soccer
I'd prefer people not to give me the run around and be straight forward
If this is a dream don't open my eyesss
So fucked for chem tomorrow hahahahah
Omg get out of the way Bosh lol
Two year anniversary that I told my dad I was gay
whenever I'm with Emily for long periods of time, I develop her laugh
Never go wrong with some half priced apps.
I wanna just vent to someone but its pointless
Brugal nama se ve del pecho pa bajo en su avatar de twitel cualkiera kree k eh un catfish sin verle la cara
Fucking teen wolf is back bro.
26 I drove you to have sex with someone you owe me a favor.
I need to get my hair done , my bank person is getting me tight
My eyes are the only thing I don't wanna take off of you.
Str8 edge til i die \n
So like at 8:00 so I won't look that ratchet haha
I love the feeling when you take a shower after being in the sun all day
Dam I have some white feet
so what does tapout mean?cause this song keeps saying it guys
NO HIGH KICK THO?!
Lmao that talk with Steven in front of nini's earlier was sick
Another person I know got engaged. So if I disappear we all know what happened....
So just come give it to a nigga girl\nLemme see ya lil light twirl
I wonder if died at any point this weekend
From soccer to basketball lets go Spursssss
I think I freaked josh out td tbh
I freakin' LOVE RH as Franco..such a smart ass..I love it! \"Which one is Adele Dazeem?..tell that to John Travolta!\" LMFAO!
Fuck, three new people?! I better get more hours than them.
Me entraron 200 litros de shampoo en el ojo , me zarpo en pelotudo
Dallas better love me forever after buying season day passes to Darien Lake and Brad Paisley concert tickets for his grad present.
WOW CD GOALLLLL!
Noo sun go away I want to sleep
You can always find a sober driver. Always. There's nobody that can tell me there was an excuse to drink and drive.
I only watch the end of these games when it's exciting.. way too long
I'll say it again d wade is old news
where are you? where have you run to?
I wanna make a baby momma video lol
Can someone fill me in on the whole changing the drinking age to 25 nonsense
Some people get on my nerves with the selfies they post
Right now Miami needs a snickers bar, but after the game they're gonna need twix
when i'm bored i do online shopping, then i get depressed because i'm broke.
Dont nobody give af about you flossing we aint reaping those benefits
Really impressed with the loyalty has shown to its employees and their ! Developing is a top priority to thrive
Holy shit that was the weirdest thing ever
The Giants offense is so weak, you can support them for just one payment of 25 cents a month
Ice Cube &amp; Iced-T make a refreshing summer beverage
This really isn't 100% usa saved again.
San Francisco is wack cuz u cant find one legit spot where they sell jamaican patties. And I want one right now
I will have you know I'm scared to death
But holy moly, my eyebrows are on point today
\"911 what's you're emergency\"\nMy mom said I can't go to warped tour
how to train your dragon 2 is the GOAT
I miss the sound of your voice, I miss the rush of your skin
TOP FIVE BEST DANCING SINGERS!\n\nShakira
Making tea and pasta and listening to vinyls. An idyllic Sunday.
Do I want to cry because my mother told me that it can't have the best day of my life at pride, bc there are many other things I have done?
you know it's gonna be a good day when you get your football tickets on the first try
DON'T WAIT UNTIL YOU GROW UP TO START BECOMING A BETTER PERSON~ IF YOU START WHEN YOU'RE VERY YOUNG ~ YOU COULD GROW UP TO BE EXCEPTIONAL
I never realized how much alcohol you have to put in jello shots.. Or maybe I shouldn't have used such strong vodka.
can't wait to leave NY son.. there's nothing out here for me but drama &amp; bullshit
Lebron in tears
Nyc is amazing but I still miss my family!!!
something about Jason Biggs man idek
I hate when people are like ms goodie to shoes because i don't smoke weed, but really I'm nowhere close to ms goodie to shoes fuck outa here
if only love was like how it was told in books .
I have the worst of luck man
El sexo es una trampa de la naturaleza para no extinguirse.
im kaugjign I sounded so anger
This is my story! This is my song! Praising my savior all the day long!!!
Tmmrow is my last day in Bergenfield for 6 weeks
Watching Toy Story with a special someone would be dope
pharrell doin all the preaching like he ain't on the move that dope song lol
151 rum pineapple juice and malibu, caribou get them all numb.
People sharks do live in the ocean whys everyone losing it over video of a great white, if I saw a great white living on land id be scared
\": Portugal flopping more than LeBron.\"
Nice out here in tho
Completely forgot how stress relieving concerts can be :)
\"In the middle of a rose ceremony you're gonna pull THIS shit!?\" to Ani for taking a phone call during the Bachelorette
Trying to get tickets is a struggle when the seats are horrible :(
That response last night low key got me tight.. Smh
It was only a matter of time before everything fell apart
It's the last week of class and I say fuck it
Booked a studio apartment in the village for two days and a night so that Isaac and I can spend our last two days together...FCK
You gotta learn to take the L's sometimes.
My side was starting to hurt ! What the hell
Music makes work go by quicker
Someone come ice skating with me tonight.
Some motherfucker at work just told me \"this is a place for work, not play\" and that is why you hate your job bitch
Typing on an iphone with tips &lt;&lt;
Craving some McDonalds chicken nuggets for some reason.
Love &amp; Hip Hop Should Be 2 Hours
1 Peter 3:4\nNew Life Version (NLV)\n4 Your beauty should come from the inside. It should come from the heart. This is the kind that lasts.
Sami just said she's never touching a mans weenie
:-) :-) :-) :-) Your so funny &amp; such a sweetheart but we like never talk anymore
Today felt like a Sunday.
Grateful to have vols from one last time before they leave NYC. Thanks for serving our city!
Getting a new from
If I scream, if I cry...it's only cuz I feel alive
First of all, if you only see two Sigourney Weaver movies, that should probably be them (I'd also accept \"Ghostbusters\" and \"Working Girl\").
Presenting my pain killer side effects: Forgot to say I watching on the Sling.
How do I upload a gif I'm so lost
Nigga deadass still got starters in
How to pretend to care... When they are testifying... Especially when we R talking about IRS. They have to be thought to care...
\"I don't give a damn what men find attractive\"
anyone else notice weird image caching issues in
' Yo Si Me Gua Desacata Cuando Llegoo A RD ;)
Wait hold on guys I need to write that in my diary
*forced to leave Starbucks cause almost punches a bitch in the face*
Sadly this is probably just a dream
About too let my snake eyes close
.Thank you for that goal!
Lmao at that last RT
I wasn't asking you.
I wish I knew *why* it's okay for Jack's ALT levels to be up to 20x normal levels.
I wish I had more confidence.
watching Love this show!
Then again no place like Cali. The Bay Area to be exact
Don't let your personal bitterness ruin other people's joy. &lt;3
I hope I can like a boy as much as I like a good book someday
Romero te van a joder
Little bitch but he act real hard man
I'm not gonna chase anyone who isn't chasing me.
BET might as well let GBE on the stage next.
Anyone want to play cod or chel
Great c: that's fucken great
It's mad boring I'm about to just sleep my day away
Btw Since 2004 until forever Every Single Moment Infinite times God damn ASSHOLE ORLANDO BLOOM
Checked the score &amp; sucked my teeth
whatever the outcome of this game is, the US really has the best sports fans
Tim Howard is a BEAST !!!!
Just walked in on the girl working in the art store downstairs jammin so hard to iggy azalea.
the fact that Cameron tried to commit suicide break my heart
Costa got kicked in the balls, Dempsey just looks at him like \"suck it up\" haha
If can't find a way to stop getting plays going like that all that early elation will get erased quickly
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss school
He could celebrate with his teammates but all he can do is yell cause he cant fuckin speak english
I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different
Blood my snapchats are hilarious... well to me they are lol
4 day weekend next weekend. I'm tryna visit people
.Putin asked to revoke his own permission to invade, he looks for ways to save face. Nothing like this sequence.
5th times the charm..
To do or be anything and everything
Y'all think a lot of successful people really worried about the shit they tell us to worry about? Nahh b
Lost my iPod don't know where it went
Hey someone come steal me away from my house thx
Am I the only one who believes Paige will retain the divas championship?
The day ronaldinho retires is the day I give up on futbol.
Finally back in the North East!
I hate this bitch she deadass does not have an upper lip
Don't you love when people ask you if you want to do something, then back-out?
Jermaine fucking Jones with the snipe!!
Getting a little chippy now...Portugal putting on some HEAVY pressure.
I'd closed the door and didn't know he was on my bed cuz it was dark. But I heard his trill. I picked him up and tossed him out.....
I need to hang out with my friends ASAP
tupac is more live then CRUSIE night
I talked to Clay and Janine today bc they are my family and they always make me feel better(:
overheard at the sdm nurse: \"did you eat dinner?\" \"did you SEE dinner?\"
\": time?\"tbh idek I need to find,something to do first wyd today
My moms laughing at me about how hungover i am.
When a man treats his lady like a princess, you won't hear her complaining.
She wants the time I can't give her and she thinks I do not care ... I know it
Greatest Night of My Life! New York is a magical city!
it's weird how a song can bring back so many memories
Fantasizing about having a relationship like somebody else is weird to me. You should wanna make your own \"legacy\" or \"example\".
Shut up before i skid on your troat
Just came back from hanging out with friends
!!!!!! RT : what the fuck is going on?
I can tell tonight is going to be a very long night....
I have yet to regret anything in my life and I hope you don't become the first.
ung nahanap mo ung facebook account ni crush hahahahha
I just had a good friend of mine tell me to get Yo. What is the world coming to?
You arent whoo you claim to bee
I love wakin up to espn
Love doesn't see the color of your skin, but through the pigment of your heart.
ESPN commentator just gave Joe Biden a promotion.
Who the fuck is this guy.
I hate tea but I always crave it at night
Now that I redid my tumblr page, it's time to fix up this one... Once I finish this summer course
last thing you wanna see is a player go down... this sucks
He love it when we get together, smoke a little weed but his shit together
Worst is knowing what you want but not being able to have it
I've been drinking since 11am... And I'm still drinking....
This bar is going nuts
Dempsey!!!!!!!!!! Captain America!!!
OH MY GOD BASED GOD, YOU CAN FUCK MY BITCH BASED GOD!
The day that you do all the work from your phone sometimes are the most profitable ones
These bitches will never catch me slippin
Holy shit!!!! Legggooo
I'll never understand why Michael bay ever cast Shia lebeouf for the first three transformers movies
Takin a dump at 4 am because yolo bitch
I spend all my money on Bristol vellum, Micron pens, and cheese.
My grandpa for being 80 is a fucking stud. Looks like he's barely 65
memories keep playing back
I kind of want to go out in my cat shirt tonight.
Everyone out and I'm at work
aw well my little cousin plays with my hair so there's that
done with fake friends and fake people in general
me estoy riendo
shay has to pee but i am NOT about to get out of this tent and walk around in the pitch black to find the bathroom.
The beginning of Orange is the New Black's theme song sounds EXACTLY like Phil of the Future's. Don't try to tell me anything different.
These tweets say I'm in Manhattan, but really its Target wifi. Which is just as center-of-the-worldy.
Tu' me regalas eso que tanto me hacia falta; una caricia para el cuerpo y para el alma!!
Will Kira be BI this season?
Muchas pintas y solo visajes, muchos con trajes pocos sin mascaras..(88)\"
My boo needs to call me so I can talk to em &amp; just relax.
I hate people who make noise when they eat. I'm gonna fuck you up, b.
I haven't cried in a while and shit today saying bye had me fucked up.
So tiffany blood wya? You want it too?
Literally just saw the same post on insta about 10 different times.
I'm spending the weekend with Drew and Jovania, they best believe they'll be eating healthy with my ass.
5 more months.......just wait on it
I saw my love walk down the aisle... on her finger he placed the ring...
Today looks like a blow with all this rain bullshit
DIVA IS A FEMALE VERSION OF A HUSTLER!!!!
que no me esperen en casa.
\"Once more into the fray\nInto the last good fight I'll ever know\nLive or die on this day\nLive or die on this day\"
I really hate how nice I am. Smh
Watching night shift before I go to bed.
A spirit of gratitude can find a blessing within any burden.
Officially on vacation!!!! Vegas tomorrow for a couple weeks :)
Night shifts must be getting to my boy... hope he gets some rest.
SOS my Canisius cheer shirt is missing
Maybe i need to go to the stratosphere real quick
\"all the sans are in California\"
In the mornings when I wanna fuck you
Double Feature: The Grand Budapest Hotel and Less Than Zero
Not having to set my alarm tomorrow is such a good feeling
Bet ur sick of the same shyt... Broken promises and the drama...
Walking through the streets of with in my ears.
I love how in the summer it's completely acceptable to forget what day it is
Dangerous play ? No ?
Is it unpatriotic of me to hope today goes by quickly so I can get my AP scores back..
Just Lost all my Respect for you
Should probably be going to bed now
I have officially watched the whole first season of breaking bad in a day and I want to watch more.
Bruh this chicken tastes nasty..... Siiike motherfucker no chicken tastes nasty
TEAM BASKETBALL WINS!
Or a . They need to come conquer Cali
I've never seen Kobe Bryant walk back on D, in the FINALS, after missing a shot.
How are your dogs? -shitting lmaoooo
Don't forget to follow myself, and ! Send your best pics for a chance to win 2 free tickets to
But it's really 4 nothing. Let's go boys!
I back this whole \"kermit the frog meme\" movement! B\/c we the people are slowly but surely learning how to fall back and stay In our lane.
Stogies and bottled beers sounds ideal tn
\"How are we ever going to evolve if you people keep pushing us back into the ocean?\" - Beached Whale.
THAT IS WHAT YOU FUCKING WANT
we fucking run these streets niggaa
Is it odd that i want pizza more than sleep right now?
ALTIDORE I LOVE YOU
Beam and I went to bed at the same time last night.. I don't understand how he's so a awake right now.
Haaaant Ochoa is a force to be reckon with
Fuck Tim Howard
Damn I really don't even watch TV.\n\nIdk how people have time to watch all these shows..
How many times do I have to tell you, even when you're cryin' you're beautiful too.
chemistys the one with the shapes right ...
FUCK YEAH 2-1 F U PORTUGAL
I just snapchatted is this real life
\": shit mixxy?\" nah niggas brawlin dont really got a story for you i dipped when a snapple bottle flew throu the air
The only thing that keeps me going is my kids at work. Besides that, nothing else really matters to me.
15)when kept fcking aftr she wntd 2spend the summer w him since her racist mom ddnt approve of her 2daylong relationshp.
Gonna have the crib to myself.. Study session in quiet.. Shhhh..
Also I feel bad for anyone who's working with me\/shopping in my store\/ because that was a lot of onions
Watching double-cross is still painful.
Pretty much the whole right side of my mouth is numb ...fucking orajel
Nothing to do at work ._.
\"Good food, good weather..... I just wanna jiggle\"
Remember when you used to show off your yoes by marrying them on Facebook lmaoo now we try to keep it on the low
nothing I hate more than those stupid cheesy \"inspirational\" quotes as captions under pictures on Instagram
Thanks BA for leaving my bag in London.....
So blessed I can play pokemon again
Up early in the morning adjusting to the future and thinking about life in general.
I bet rupinder 10$ for this game bouta eat dumb swell tomorrow morning
Is it really that hard to pixk up after yourself?
I hooked this dude girl up with some \"im bout to get some Dick shorts\" today .. I laced lil bro up
Si no sabes vos jaja
Harris v. Quinn is a disgrace
Ever fell asleep standing up ?
I'm so annoyed. It's 4:38 in the morning &amp; I just want to sleep. Why do we even have to go to Patterson, NY?
If we're ever talking and you start bragging just know I will end the conversation right there
I just yelled at michelle. Her response \"F THIS I NEED VALIUM AND A MARGARITA\"
My Uncle is having a taco party
Lindsey and I tweeted a picture of our basses at the same time
Fala que me odeia, mas quer me substituir
When people take things too far and doesn't realize what they say... :\/ Seriously, I feel like I have no friends sometimes.
Harvey is going below the belt. There's personal s..t involved.
\"Carly when are you gonna suck my clit\"-.... Uhm ew
This why I don't fuck with people
I have my stats final at 7 am tomorrow...that just automatically sets me up to fail besides the fact that I just totally don't get it
Ain't no party like an S club partyy
caught in the act of not being awesome.
2014 WORLD CUP CHAMPS
Not Dempsey too
i can't wait to see ya rip wayne
Hodor is basically Bran's Pokemon at this point.
Gooooooooooooooallllll! What an absolute bomb from Jermaine Jones! I believe that we will win! Go go USA!
Goodnight. Off to bed. I love you, cyber space!!
how does one talk to one of their cute followers without seeming like a total creep
Ohh lawd i did that dirt forgive me lawd i put in work
Anymore ice? I'd appreciate 1\/2 my money back.
IVE BEVER LAUGJED THIS AHRD IN MY LIFE EITHE RO DONT KNWOW HYBTHIS SIS SO FUNNY SHE REALLT AAID COMMENT AND MENT KT
Lmao RT : I'm waiting for someone to die for the vine.
\": Sucks thinkin bout someone who u kno don't think about u\"
I'm gonna be in the Car for another 11 hours
Hello finally have arrived 4 hours late! :)
My focus need to come back.
State Assembly passes bill that bars employers from discriminating against employees reproductive health care choices.
Californians just don't understand about Texas country.
Ive won more than i lost.
What I think I like most about UberX is that it kinda feels like getting a ride from a friend. Sure $'s involved, but seems irrelevant.
These younger niggaz are dressing in anything now
i showed you love was all i needed
Not home yet but if I miss Ambrose ima be mad
Don't never believe that your the only person that someone is talking
I want to be asleep but my bed is made so nicely and I don't want to mess it up
She helped me get through 2008.
sometimes people are worth the wait and the problems
i guess some black people don't give two fucks about what they name their children.
why does my grandma have to stay in my room wtf
To my brothers in 1st RECON, 8th Marines and Joint Special Operations Command. HAPPY Freedom day.
y'all are watching the world cup while im watchin gossip girl xoxo
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate
it's one thing having a couple guys talk about how they all hit annd another having all of twitter in on it
$VRTX says phase 3 CF studies met primary endpoints
me and my sisters are the weirdest people, like how do we have friends?
Dante based his 9. circles of hell off the Marriott Marquis in Times Square.
Ronaldo have a bet on us orrrrrr
I've been so distinct lately like I need to get my phone back poppin
GOAAAAAALLLLLLL USA USA USA
Wish I can have a music session and rock out
I want to leave work now.
A girl who can get me to smile and laugh will always have my attention.
Long day of interviews, starting first with !
The fact that my mother has seen Slipknot and Rob Zombie live and I haven't
\": Why did I even put myself in this situation.\" RS
Who's Ron Aldo? Did he score the goal?
Craving a salad so bad can it be lunch time already
Not sleeping. That's what I got the daytime for
LOL @ my sister for blackmailing me.
That dive... is such a wimp.
Vrana reminds me a lot of Ovechkin...
Man, FUCK religion. All of it. ALL religion is fuckin fairy tail BULLSHIT.
I feel as though I am perfectly emulating a 7th grade boy in 2007 in my bball shorts, huge tshirt, pizza, a lil buzzed
Update: they're thinking about maybe sorta kinda maybe letting some flights fly out. Maybe. Possibly.
I'm very Happy Rn...prolly the happiest I been in a while
I will always protect my family and the ones I love
First thing my physics professors said to the class: \"why would you take physics in 20 days? Not a great idea on your part.\"
I actually want to hangout with people from my school this summer
Be so fed up but never really leave em
SOMEONE TEXT ME I CANT sleep
i don't care about y'all fucking virgin shows man i'm only here for teen wolf man
Dumb, dumb. You are so dumb.
Country music is literally the best
we were too lazy to make suhur so we haven't eaten since yesterday and this was probably the worst decision we've ever made
Steven thinks he's soooo cool that he's not into social media. I tell him it's because he's so old hahaha he's just 24
I felt like a child the way I was just pressed about eating chips in the bed
Alrighty I need to be done tweeting Lmfao
I don't even need to watch the BET awards cuz twitter is telling me everything about it lol.
Really? \": tell me what A Rosebud means because apparently means A Pretty Young Woman\"
When I'm a dad I'm gonna carry my child in one of those front-backpacks lol Idc how goofy that looks
I'm still drunk and my boyfriends stil ignore me
When your \"boys\" can't grow a pair and lay down the law
Is it ok to watch the World Cup on the 4th of July if America isn't in it?
Eating to put fat in her butt .. Okay lol
Chanel WestCoast has me wanting to kms with her laugh
Ugh I want a Big Mac
To eat ice cream or to not eat ice cream?\n\nHa who am I kidding, I'm eating ice cream.
Ryan just yak'd about me
IF YOUR TV ISNT TUNED TO ESPN RIGHT.NOW YOURE DOING SOMETHING WRONG
Okay it's decided I'm getting a tattoo Friday after work. But where should I go?!??
When she touches me Im wishing that they were ya hands
\"Who is that hannah\"\n\"Oh that's prince Harry right\"\n\"No...no Hannah that's joe Biden....\"
Max Rowen very well might still be bleeding out in 's bathroom....
Anyone in Galloway trying to chill, get food, etc. today?
J'ai manger un mini paquet de chips, j'en veut encore.
Wya I got the Juug on them ladders
well, I got nobody to annoy\/entertain\/talk 2 so bye :-)
I wish my cousins lived here
I have literally done nothing all fucking day..
so thankful to have friends who tell me like it is even when hearing it is the last thing u wanna do
goaaaaal within 30 seconds!
i don't want to see anything having to do with college rn.
Later in day on the to talk about book and celiac. Pls tune in!!
Everyone is getting hurt in every game! Uh ohhh
I haven't smoked a cigarette in over 36 hours. New record and hopefully the hours add up.
Why do I know other anthems better than the motherland? Lol
That would be the most childish thing ever
Haven't even been back in ny for 24 hours and I already need a drink
Everyone says money talk ill advice yall to stfu and stop hatin on these rich ass people.
I should be sleeping got a graduation to go to tomorrow
If you have \"tyb\" in your name, there's a 99% chance you get no girls, or you're a virgin.
take the hint bwoy
Let's go Germany! Your Palo Alto fans stand behind you!
I'm just waiting for him to come through that door and say...SOOOOKAAAYYYY
A man just drove past Steph and I and screamed \"get a haricut\" I am so confused
bringing Alec justin and brian to dress shopp with me lmao
I don't like the new train station I have to take all because I moved
According to Nate Silver, Germany has a 52% chance of beating France...
honestly I think all homophobic people are ignorant as fuck, let people b
Lots of bitch ass feelings for a person who hates bitch ass feelings.
In california its not arianas birthday yet so yeah
I couldn't tell with everyone tweeting about it
That's why I'm all into you.
My auntie told my I looked skinner I tried to tell her it was just my contour lmao
I slept almost 11 hours last night. I feel great!
It's not even going to be nice today!. Wtf
I will never be a morning person... Ever.
\"If cocaine is a commercial airliner,\nThen speed is a rocket\"\n-- Afternoon conversations
I am an American, rain shine today I will drink till I'm wasted I will put and obnoxious amount of BACCON and cheese on a burger happy 4th.
Dempsey bs face was awesome
someone please explain why Kate is a fucking avatar
That felt like the slowest run ever
Young thug - Old English
Out conversations mostly consist of quoting random shit and u laughing at random vines and asking me stupid questions..
I need to grow I'm too short!
Son if I was allowed to fuck one celebrity and my gf was allowed to do the same i would be mad as fuck at her
\"He gave you syphilis!?! ... Was it worth it?\"
90 degrees makes me want to kill myself. It's hotter than the devils butt in this car.
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there and the single moms playing both parts! Gettin ready to go to with dad!
No g I'm looking for an excuse to leave work tn like wussupp ??
Everybody watching Space jam .. What channel ?
Somedays I'm with the trashiest people orth of the Mason-Dixon Line, other days it's like I'm drinking tea with the Queen
It pretty easy to like Josh Harrison.
Our Generation is the last better! The 2K's will be worst as fuck! God
Wishing America a and everyone a Happy !
Pt 1 of was fine. Pt 2 was garbage that not even David Tennant in snug jeans could save.
How did so many people fail trig
So when you now log off, does the online wash follow you in real life or how does this work?
Maybe me bumping into this cute ass guy and smoking and drinking with him today was a sign for me to move forward and stop looking back.
Who can tie a cherry stem in there mouth? (:
She lives in my lap by andre 3stacks \n-smoke to it
Homemade lasagna, strawberry and spinach feta salad, and levain monster cookie later...I'm giving birth to food baby twinners.
$ swiftsnight $ hello ann :D i rlly luv ur icon
Dom always texting me for closure
Got one week to bring it back up.
I always find it so peculiar and disturbing when college kids go for high schoolers? Its not only illegal but also disgusting
I bet the hear don't make the playoffs next year
Family TV nite; A good classic! \n\nSAW IV!
Cerrar los ojos y pedir un deseo .c
skurt skurt on a bitch nigga
Anyone who talks down to me about this, you ain't seeing my child.
The bio final is going to conquer me
I got more seniors numbers than any other sophomore out here.
PERO ANTES K TODO, DE LO K EZTOY ASIENDO AHORITA... ESTE PARTIDO DE Y ESTA DE ......
holding nothing back hahha fuckkk Dempsy!
Keep tryna slide in my dms ...
Gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll
I'll never know the thrill of fearing I might be pregnant.\n
These perfect New York Summer evenings are worth the 6 month arctic
This mosquito is keeping me awake and it's going to pay.
I can't even keep my eyes open.
Literally sit in my towel for like 30 min after I get out of the shower
Even tho I got annoyed like 50 times haha
Mets vs A's game at Citi Field and ill be 3 miles away.....I have to go!
IS THIS REALLY TEENAGER BC I SIT A HOME AND WATCH YOUTUBE
Greece handled that 5-on-2 with its usual 2-on-5 mentality
I need to go to vs and get more panties lol
Dempsey is a trooper.
Suga suga how you get so fly ?
If you had that factory special!? double circled Maxfli in the late 80's...Dude it was a licence!! All the ball technology was in Japan!
I'm so genuinely disgusted with myself, it makes me sick to my stomach.
I've come to the conclusion that Anthony's dog Sierra hates me.
that 3rd downtown! threee! SPARTANS
You don't know me like that! Little boy.....
ew that girls outfit is mad ugly
I dont find it sexy at all putting my finger in a girls butt ... Like wtf is that
That was a ridiculous goal.
So much drank oh my goodness..and I don't feel nearly as terrible as I should
Don't think you're playing the game right cuz if you were you wouldn't have gotten caught.
Havnt been here in so long
Some people try too hard.. chill the fuck out.
30 seconds in and we got that goal
I wish I could be a robot. They have their shit worked out.
My tweets belong in the bible
Last day of school for the kiddies.......and summer begins.
But as long as you are with me, there's no place I'd rather be
I can talk to someone for two hours and get feelings, it sucks
Rick rubin is my idol .
Can't shake this craving for a MoutianDew
lol I do so much for people and constantly get thrown under the bus
Will be a tough choice come Emmy time. Uzo Aduba or Kate Mulgrew.
Cause she love gettin whipped wit a whip in the whip
I actually fuck with his fit thou
I be cooler than central air
omg lottery tickets and no curfew.
I think I've watched Prometheus way too many times than is acceptable.
Destiny fulfilled was the dopest album. When I was a young emotional girl, I identified w every song lol
\": \"Dear all sports players, \nLacrosse players get more girls than you.\"\" Lmao Pussies be like
\"Sleep is for those people who are broke\" -50 Cent
I really need these females to stop praising this mugshot dude.
Well, that's true. But if he pays for Stralman, that probably means they have to let one or both of Zuccarello and Brassard go.
Why do I like the song What Would You Do so much?
they go hand and hand with these fake ass drug dealers.
eu to com fome mas se eu mexer no pacote de bolacha agr vai fazer um barulho infernal
So jealous of the kids whose parents actually let them leave their house after like 10pm
Kruk: \"they got everything, kale, lettuce, some herbs.\"\nKuip: \"popcorn\"\nKruk: \"I don't think they have popcorn plants.\" \nKuip:\"They lost me\"
Excuse me while I copy and paste you into my life. \n\nAnd clr alt delete your cloths.
My 94 yr old grandma, \"I usually wouldn't pray for something like this but I hope the Spurs win tonight\"
SPURS DESTROY THE HEAT LETS GO
The best ever death metal band in Argentina
irei assistir toda a season 2 de orange is the new black nesse final de semana
Spurs making sure Miami leaves with no dignity
Bloodclaaat Catfish nuh amaze mi a rass kmft
thank god I have blue and white clothes for tonight, it'll go nicely with my bright red skin.
Jesse Chavez you are one tiny dude with one powerful arm
Victor Martinez, Nelson Cruz, and Edwin encarnacion are all juicing
There aren't many people who will impact a sport like Tony Gwynne. Thank you
\": So am I wrong? For thinking we could be something foreal\"
Shutout to my young buck on graduating middle school today
Can really do a lot of people watching while you wait at the train station because your boyfriend forgot to pick you up
I like staring at people cause tbh I like finding beauty in everyone, not cause I'm hating
I feel like I have to throw up.
Happy 21st Birthday welcome to adulthood enjoy your special day
Do you got a Bea or not is you trying to date or not?
I hate when people call me Boujie !
I love people for who they are flaws &amp; all.
Of course I missed Dempseys goal. Idec!
Trynna get my brother to watch the conjuring with me :\/
Four thousand roses, anything for you to notice
Fuck the Heat
One of my favorite things bout music is that it's artists can make everything rhyme while still makin so much beautiful sense
What is this dripping notice I hear outside
i've started a new page: \"piklin\" \nnot that the world needs me to have another platform.
THE PEOPLE THAT CAN or COULD cannot BECAUSE THE DISABLES are ABLES and so ON -- TACTICS by the 30 years BACKERS IDTHIEVES
But you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt
Seeing some of the quietest kids turn out to be the badest is mind blowing and the fucks up in life do better
true life I'm addicted to fruit snacks
hahahah i jus made that up
Spurs are looking like deserved champions, taking care of business!
Messi scores one goal and everyone comes out chilllll they're playing nobody
'Clearly climate change is real. As utility owners we see that as an opportunity'
Don't let the bastards get you down
Happy Will Smith And Jeff Goldblum Save Us From Aliens Day!
Everybody at buffalo wild wings is going crazy with this world cup match!
Starting to think that Rachael is dead bae where are you
I just want to thank all of the soldiers of America. You give me the power and right to be free.
To or to not make the first move....
Congrats to Vandy. They hit a HR off our best pitcher to win it. Nothing cheap there. That said....
food is my one and only true love
I will be a nervous wreck starting at 12pm today
when the ppl i follow on vine don't vine shit\nmotherfucker vine is your JOB\nyou make MONEY off this shit\nwhy you don't have new vines up
Why does everyone have to tweet about the World Cup. You're watching the game so why are you guys on twitter. Go away:)
I'm starting to realize how many friends I don't have when I look at my phone after 20 mins and there are zero notifications \/ texts \/ calls
- Tribalism aside, retaliation aside, political motivation aside, RIP to our fellow Kenyans.
Was that supposed to be the best player in the world ?
If you have a dumbass Grindr profile and message me, there is a 100% chance I'll respond solely with Drag Race pictures.
If teen wolf wasnt so confusing, i'll probably fuck with it again
Trying to get a cut shit taking forever
My front and back side are two come rely different races...
Is it to early to start drinking beer on 4th of july? I was up at 345 to start the smoked pulled pork.
so scared right now
I like to drink, I hate eating
I think I met my first super fake LA person last week and it kinda sucks.
i need the middle finger emoji
Alright we need to work on passing and maintaining possession
Where is my freaking plane.... I will most definitely have a late departure
I'm going crazy crazy crazy just thinking about you baby!
AF needs to leave my life. It is 1 in the morning and yes, you are the R. Go. Back Home.
I can't handle being inlove it makes me more sad than than happy most nights
Sup. RT : So my girl is getting a \"high end escort\" for her husband's birthday for a threesome.
Is this girl serious.
tell me something sweet to get me by
They are introducing all the women competitors aka women mike and I are in love with
who's going to beach blanket bingo this weekend?
Now that was a goalazo! :-)
Anybody wanna shoot me some must-reads? Totes in need for the summer.
you aint gotta axe who it belong to
Its not my problem if you dont see what i see.
I swear my family is the only family that would ever give alcohol to a bird
It's called fashun
Clockwork rocked the crowd at EDC Vegas
Now Messi got as many goals in world cups as Maradona got world cups trophies.
I told mom my legs were sore from running yesterday so I wasn't going for a run today and she goes \"no pain, no gain\"
Not a good day for a wedding :(
Very much underestimated data roaming costs here.
I'm really good at procrastinating memorizing my lines, should I add that to the special skills section of my resume?
Trembling in fear due to the hatred on my askfm oh no make it stop
I thought I seen Bow Wow in that outfit before HAHAHA
Killer!!!!!!! Just scored on Portugal. Still in this
Great ending to this season :-)
GOAL!!!!!! #IS IN THE ZONE!!!!
My friends are turning up at my house while im taking a shit
Still adjusting to Zuko not being voiced by Dante Bosco
Here's an old poem from my youth, ready? (ahem)\nRoses are red\nViolets are blue \nRugrats is sweet \nAnd so are you :-D \nWhat do u guys think?
I had a pretty good day, cant lie
I remember last year when 5SOS first announced that their album would come out before 2014...
Boutta run this Monopoly game like no other
No lie thats why the BET awards never get no love from me they cut of a young lady singing with talent
Does anyone want to get Chipotle with me right now?
I think my mom and I both have a shopping problem
Just handing out morphine over here like it's a party!!! In 1962. Vietnam.
Muthafuckas never loved us.
But at the same time, if I'm drunk then I wouldn't really care .. so conclusion? Get me drunk people
My grandparents and dad are the biggest conspiracy theorist believers when it comes to the World Cup and how all the games are fixed lol
Fuck kinda shot wuz that
back to square one
There's a lesson in every loss &amp; victory yet to be claimed.
Idina Menzel is so cute and perfect and amazing and I love her
MY MOM IS SAYING LETS GO TO PARIS INSTEAD OF SAN DIEGO NO MOM
When I carry by heavy son to bed, it reminds me how much I hate playing both roles of mom &amp; dad.
Hay que rabia mami no me dejo ir al cine:cccccccccccccccc
You say you don't love these hoes but yet you're dating one ?!
I swear I got a better chance at seeing god then for you to stop bitching at me over nothing
The first thing ppl say when I tell them my mom is from Jamaica is \"Say something in patwa\" Nigga MY MOTHER is Jamaican
The whole, in this moment, Alex song he fool!!!!
Lol i see hella Ppl I go to school or that I know
My lives need to come back on frozen free fall :(
the real struggle is being ugly
Tamam bu kadar saka yeter. Artik tatile girebilir miyim?
Keeping my fingers crossed for 0 tears and 0 surgeries tomorrow morning.
We had a great response to our sweeps promotion so we're doing something special. Check here at 4pm ET for a deal good for a limited time!
Darling, what is going on? Honestly, that never happened. Lying is your favorite passion.
Call me again i'll cuss you both out on 3 way
Happy Independence Day, my fellow Americans!
\"\" c'mon what
The fact there has never been a good book or movie on Harvey Milk's life or legacy really bothers me.
Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways.
Sucks to see your best player give up
Love to see Moms buying Supreme for their kids.
no but seriously. hang out with me. i haven't done anything today and i'm growing anxious.
My dad just texted me asking why we didn't go to Ziggy together the other night ...
Nailed that score prediction right on the fuckin head BOOYA
Like if you were my child I would cry everyday
Where is Ronaldo goin w the ball?
Not for nothing Pac was nice. He had more content and a more intriguing persona than Biggie. He made a bigger impact in my eyes. Js
Bitches be answering they nigga phone rude, lol like I don't wont yo nigga I want some treee hoeee lol.
Take me back to Costa Rica, real life doesn't exist there.
If Portugal won't win then USA MUST FUCKING WIN !!!!!!!!
Lmfao cest is a clown
So I guess I'm moving back to Florida....
So weird to think that it's only 7:00 here but 10:00 at home
Machado, Flaherty, and Hundley to start the bottom of the 9th for the . Let's see if they can finish this awesome comeback
Berkeley weather was good today, too bad I wasn't there.
i love that im always awake, sleep is a waste of life
Walked home in torrential downpour last night &amp; found myself grinning when I stopped caring I was soaked &amp; realized how amazing it felt
I love imsg so much
I don't wanna live like this but I don't wanna dieeeeeee~
I've been in 3 states today. Get me home.
I hate the whispering AT&amp;T commercial so much... So much &amp;t
As good as it gets, no that ain't where it is
Just found out the actor for Isaac in TFIOS was Nat from the Naked Brothers Band
It's about to be my boy birthday tomorrow so who's going the have of the honor of giving him some birthday sex?
I can't believe right after I had baby Allen I was back to my regular weight!
I'm sorry, but Professional Eating is America's Sport.
That's embarrassing lol
Come home for seven days and work 6 of them.
Gotta love it when people who don't even have a twitter deem it fit to comment on things you tweet. Do you realize how creepy that is?
I'm so excited that I registered to be a bone marrow donor.
CASINO BEEN WOKE BUT THEY FRONTIN LIKE THEY SLEEP
jaasia got me off this song .
I know I don't work for Hobby Lobby, but rulings like this have ripple effects. Don't be fooled
I ktfo on my girlfriend last night
I be lying if I say you ain't the one
little kids are pervs a bro....
Ohh you want a burger? A burger, have a burger
Dovme yaptirmak icin kimden izin aldiniz?! Kafaniza gore dovme.. Oh ne ala memleket..
Let's go Germany today!!!
I wish that I could take a journey through your mind
Aside from the legalities of , it was nice to finally see the militant left get smacked down by .
I want to go home and sleep
dad just described Camille's 6th grade boyfriend as \"suave\"
One seldom encounters more socially stunted people than while in hearing range of a Starbucks queue.
I don't ever remember it raining of the 4th of July
But why do the most important world cup matches occur right before my regents exams? LOL :( I can never concentrate haha
Hey !! Where is The Cosby show?!?!
I've never thought people were so stupid in my life. Theres no logic in humanity anymore. Buncha goddamn morons.
Arrived at coming from . Immediately removes jacket.
Alguien sabe como quedo Alemania ?
Uno se cansa de darle likes o comentarle a las gente orgullosa, presumida
I just got an email telling me to create a mind palace
Such a high kick
I love juice way more than any other drink
Once we had characteristics , now we have symptoms. As medical practice becomes commercialized, our emotions become medicalized.
Why does twitter keep trolling me to explore the World Cup? I don't wannaaaaaaa
\"Attract what you expect, reflect what you desire, become what you respect, mirror what you admire\"
After 3 months of lazily trying 2 learn ableton.....mayhaps I should just learn fruity loops
Knew they were gonna start Ray Allen
Glad I paid my cable bill on time... Seeing was epic
That was quick
Eating alone In my car is a personal hobby
When I awoke, though, all of the dangers of cigarettes hit me like a ton of bricks.
Currently : throwin dat ass in a circle ft
Kid needs to stop preaching about how shitty guys treat their girl &amp; worry about which girl he actually fuckin with instead of fuckin every1
Where's my babe at?\n\nOh I dont have one
Ur hot as fuck and ur crop top game is strong
Balling my eyes out at the movies
Whys everyone going on trips this week?
I used to dislike basketball but watching these finals has made me kinda start liking the sport a bit.
you might be his friend but not mine, don't get it mixed.
There you go!!!
I'm not hungry at all and des is making me go out to dinner to spend time with her
Wish this train had a cup holder
My throats so red and irritated from my cough.. I feel like dying right now.
You know with all these planes around me &amp; airport activity. I want to draw planes.
I think Tauheed Epps and I would love to hear a song by Duffle Bag Boy FT. Tity Boy, and 2Chainz!
Just remember. Y'all waited three years for this lol.
Apparently I dressed like a hipster today. Okay
BUT it's the first time I get to use my birthday as a valid excuse to leave the baby with auntie and go party w my friends in LA ;).
suga suga how you get so fly ?
When you listen to people so smart you want to lock yourself in a library. Thank you .
\"Ur spandex r shorter than ur intention span\" xD burrrn
You're all kinds of fucked up
If you want to change the world, destroy the existence of chemistry
WHAT THE FUCK SHE STOLE DANIEL
Lol been a spurs fan. Let's go
One of my biggest regrets in life will always be not chasing down 's float at the parade parade
Flutatiouse by Will Sparks always gets me pumped up
GOLAZOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DE LA PULGA NOJODA!!
In order for others to love you, you have to learn to love yourself
Di maria the bear
Too bad my Fourth of July will be spent in work.. All. Day.
Ugh...I hate Pride weekend. It's so gay.
Honestly people are gonna talk shit regardless about the heat I ain't even mad tough
Legit watched 3 seconds of \"Orange Is The New Black\" and there already is nudity... I am going to LOVE this show.
My eyebrows look amazing today and I literally did them in my dorm room with a tiny mirror
me , andrew , harold &amp; p &gt;
I aint know beyonce and jay showed up
If your not keeping up with insta battle your doing life wrong
you know youre best friends when you start to cry over the same guy and how attractive he is :-)
Why are none of America's players american?
Still watching the games on the Mexican channel . Just cause they get hyped
Kennedy made my summer 420x easier
Rather die before I fake it...
GKG is open for July 4..... And yes we are all extremely hung over
my sister is such a slow driver omfg
When she's angry at me &lt;&lt; when she's angry at other people.
Also an uncle Joey! He's hilarious! !
God Andi really irritates me
dealer won't be there tomorrow, wtf
I've been smoking out of fruit far too often the past 24 hours
Still feel drunk this is not fun
\"We scare because we care\"
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
It's cool , you don't gotta text back
Only thing open this time of night is Waffle House and Legs! And I'm getting neither!
Bouta be at the firework show
Fuck. I should be studying these fucking paintings right now
What a disappointing day. Only good thing tissue was seeing my gorgeous Cambodian regular customer
\"I want like a rent-a-boyfriend... I could pay her with rainbow cakes\" -Angela Pomeroy hit her up boyz
I don't even get sunburnt, I just get black
I really wanna go to the movies soon
Never leaving my room
Driving in your car, I never never want to go home.
I hate Messi but that was sweet
Hey get that plane ticket!
how i feel about sarah is explained in my avi
I found a pipe in my moms drawer, idk if it's my brothers or hers...
Y'all hush now, mama's watchin .
Smh fronting like Struggle-O's aren't the greatest cereal known to man
The son from GMW is a fucking classic.
Almost 470 balls RT : How many soccer balls can fit in the face of a goal stacked on top of each other?
I'm just saying.. you could do better
The American Outlaws
Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch aint dying for ah nigga ......\nin other words she aint loyal !
I wanna leave already. I'm tired of staying home all day and Not doing shit.
Who knew customs actually requires you to take a selfie now
If Costa Rica loses imma b very butt hurt tbh.
That moment when you're afraid to call the bank and hear how much you spent last night.
benzino is actually surprised athea fucked steebie???\nknowing the type of dude\/chick they are???
Online shopping is how lazy I am
Golazo de Messi
I just wish you downgrade after me.. Then I'll feel better lol
my eyes have been watering all damn day
Don't matter if melo go to the lakers the west is to strong he minds we'll stay on the Knicks .
Seeing dmb in Toronto tomorrow spontaneously so I'm happy right now!
I have an addiction to soda... haha
los gritos de hoy no fueron nada normales
Three C's: Champagne, Crystal &amp; Cake
Jack was able to throw her out cause of that pardon lol!
fangirling bc on the phone with tim fishy
Edible fucking lube
\"Julia let's have a sleepover\" \"ok you can sleep on the floor\"
Anyone else wanna get in this group chat about life? Lol
I usually answer back embarrassingly fast. Because my phone is always in my hand when I'm not at work or with someone.
A small leak can sink a great ship
I'm in New York again bishessssss!!!!!!!
Tyler's dog scratched my lip and it looks like I got herpes
Corporate America is evil. I'm in my of office listening to people's sob stories and feeling bad but I'm required to obey policy.
what is there to do today ..
Not only did this nigga call me Belgian, this nigga said \"Belgium\" smfh
As They Say Maybe Next Year
Why can't everything be like its it was before that day
I've been without my friends for 5 minutes and I already feel separation anxiety
Teddy Roosevelt in the crowd????
Spark a blunt and blow that smoke in her pussy
Hate when they get too attached to me.
Hermanos venezolanos el socialismo del siglo 21 no es lo mismo que el chavismo que Uds viven, sino miren mi pais con Rafico todo marcha bien
The only time I like being home is when no one else is here besides me.
I've seen way too many jean vests today lmao
I'm that bitch ass teacher that you'll kiss ass too ..
Seeing Ariana Grande next week. I'm gonna convince her to do anal. Hopefully I don't pull out her weave while pulling on her hair.
ow oW vagina cramps
This dad was playing hide and seek with his daughter and he ran upstairs. Cheater.
Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat
You need to cut that bitch off
Bouta go on some real cold hearted shit
Happy birthday hope your day is
When people tell really long stories for no reason. I will give you THE LOOK
In the worst possible mood ever just knowing that I have to be at work at 3:00.
Decided I don't wanna speak to people so I deleted that thing haha
.Hope you're having a great time!!!
I can't omg no fucking way
Anyone have extra graduation tickets. I need just one.....and ill buy it from you. Please DM me if you do
This is why I don't like coming out if it's not with SB
The Purge Anarchy comes out on my birthday im so excited omg omg
I'm just saying it's fine by me if you never leave and we can live like this forever it's fine by me
Ima start watching dexter and breaking bad
Just scooped that PSU football season ticket.
My skin is so sensitive. I can bump into a chair and have a big ass bump, wtf
\"She got a big fore head \" - me \"there's more room for jizzing\" - anonymous Lmfao
gotta start tellin my mom i love her more than i have been lately
The last four things I've tweeted have deleted them selves what is going on
Had I known I would have left for the weekend how fucking rude can you get.
I just need some time by my self and that's it
Im too bored lol
AHH so excited ill already be in NC so I can make it to design my night 2014!
Some time in 2012, airlines decided they wanted armrests that don't move up on their new planes p
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks\nNo game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you dudes at all
No I'm ok I have curry chicken on the way.
Dope and trill need to stay in the past
Fuck bitches. Give me a fat slut who cooks and does dishes.
I'm pretty sure this girl went on Tumblr, took a bunch of sentences from pictures and strung it together into a speech
There is a child in my mind running in circles crying out \" where is my wi-fi\"
Can I skip all this high school bs and fast forward to college
Time and a half to sit here and watch frozen, I'm ok with that
Summer barely started and its been fucking awesome
I wanna go to bed but can't
who wants too get scooped by me and britt to go to the fair
I believe. That we will win !!! I believe that we will WIN
I feel like it's so much earlier than 8:21
64' Brooklyn gets another Freekick just outside the box. Salvatore Barone takes the shot but it goes right into the hands of the keeper
The rain in Spain fall gently on disappointed fans. Is the S in Spain silent. Ouch.
What the.... Is Busta wearing?
full metal jacket followed by born on the 4th of july. fitting
Big E sound like a Preacher
What a goal Jones
Missing the Colombia game for work, once again.
Yezzzzzz we're Ghana win !
I need Molly to yell at me to put on the mayo
I just want to eat rn.
Great start id say!!!
are we talking about joints? (runz)
doing some skeet shootin'
My dad just printed out something that I wrote for English in the sixth grade that was saved on the computer. I threw it away.
Ima violate the next person that asks me what channel the BET Awards is on -_-
so luis can mention chachi but not text back? kkkkkk
I guess I'm going to pride again.
I will not let the devil win..all you hoes some devils
Like no matter what, at some point in everyday I'll get a text or something that just HAS to piss me off
Playing draw something because I don't like you. Bye
Gay Pride Weekend makes for the absolute best people watching
If Remember the Titans doesn't make you weep uncontrollably then you're wrong.
fuck Newcastle brown ale, the Belgium soccer team and their god awful waffles. Sucks to suck and not to be free like America.
Just wanna be down the shore already
That's the fifth time I dropped my phone on my face. my lips are swollen.
I'm surprised I haven't like, you know, got one off and its been more than a week knowing my ass. I wonder why :\/
I need a movie where some serial killer is going on a wild killing spree not some straight couple in love.
love that man i would do anything for him .
Future lunch dates: We will be eating where we can watch the World Cup.
Who's trying to go to the lake tomorrow?! I have 3 open seats
if it leads to something \": Is flirting cool?\"
Ideas are easy, dedicating 5-10 years of execution under uncertain outcomes is hard
With Wade playing as bad as he is and the Heat missing three pointers like it's their job, I think the Spurs will win tonight
Rarely get political but re: , will the next case block HIV meds to be dispensed because the act to get it might be immoral? SMH.
I'm so blind without my glasses. I've walked right past family members in public when I happen to not have them on and it's awkward as hell.
Usher playing the old jammies on BET Awards..
- i memba these niggas threw me in the pool wen i had JUST got my hair done .. I was HOT i was boutah cry bruh .. I was finna have a meltdwn
Bosnia w\/ the goal! Things just got interesting
Wooooooo!!!!!! lets goooo!!!!
Corrona got that song stuuuck in my head now.
Is anyone down to hang tn
A cheeseburger is an $1 nd a salad is $7 smh
My young bul is graduating tonight this is crazy
Yosemite National Park trip confirmed. But Chris we're getting ahead of ourselves. One day at a time!
Trey songz -foriegn
OH MY GOD!!!!!
Probably the first person in this time zone in bed
whenever my mom says the house smells like weed i just walk away slowly &amp; say \"it aint me..\"
I have not watched netflix In over a week have I set some new world record or something
Drake never at the BET Awards
going to Miami with ok
The whole house just broke out into the I believe that we will win chant
Wearing my warrior jacket and its 91 out. K. Cool.
now I want to go swimming....
Big boi needs to run faster.
This is the Argentina niggaz are bragging about? Not impressed.
Kurt Angle had good entrance music back in the day.
Niggas Say They Gone Rob , I Kno Theu Lien
I'm glad the Spurs took to their talents to South Beach.
one time my mom was boiling water for tea and she forgot it was there and all the water evaporated and she burned the bottom of the pot
Feels good to be back home
Told myself that you were right for me, yet felt so lonely in your company but that was love and it's an ache I still remember
How do I find the words to say.....
Necio is a wavy song to just jam to but to dance forget about it lol
JEF raises p\/t on $MU to 38 from 32... Strong Q
I love the twins. they're so cute.
Jeremiah 2:32\nCan a virgin forget her ornaments,\nOr a bride her attire?\nYet My people have forgotten Me days without number.
I need to stop drinking Jack Daniels.
*puts up church finger* just here to check the Ghana vs US score
US remake of : one good story change and several very bad ones. Including screwing up the ending by misunderstanding the whole point.
Wish I could find a cookout
Chill chill RT : WADE YA BUM
Spurs was my only worry all season smfh
A man named Gob told me I need to enter a beard-growing contest and to follow the yellow brick road.
Im 8 weeks old and i still have a bunion
Makiss ko tay nakadanun ka school'n ngem awan gayam klase.
My thoughts are eating me alive
When you get so frustrated you just break down &amp; cry ..
This lady on teen wolf the next Griselda Blanco
I really want to take my next girlfriend everywhere and do some crazy ass adventures haha
The lyrics and their sound are so much better than what's on the radio
Not going to school tomorrow to watch the Italy v Uruguay game
Oh there's a solid storm coming
This is def the coon awards... I gotta get a new job
Finally escaping east.
i really only watch soccer for masturbation material...so yeah.
Why is the store so far away
I need a guy that wants to watch Harry potter with me
YAY!!! Costa Rica!!!
I gave you bread and butter, you suppose to make the toast
Ice Cold Baby, I told you I'm ice cold
time needs to slow down
The amount of times I say I'm bored in unreal
my stomach and head still hurt..
How'd he forget to say the perfect Chris Brown . And Pharrell your a hoe
Whaddddup Ghana, welcome to USA Soccer.
Lol Lassiter is my favorite on Psych
You are what you love, not who loves you
I have the greatest guy in the world
Hoy Gana y arriva las mujeres y Los bmws
Erik Spoelstra really is a bad coach lol
Cute coffee shops are my fav
I made real breakfast and no one will wake up
\": what are you talking about?\" Retweeting those gigs lol
Yo! Idk about you but I hear rain!!!
All talk, no action- miss me with that shxt. If you can't do what you talking, hold my dick
Okay I love you guys I gotta
COSTA RICA MOVE ON TO THE QUARTERFINALS 5-3 ON PENALTIES
Shooters on my squad
To prepare for finals im gonna do what I always do before a big test... absolutely nothing.
I always feel I'm not good enough
Did you say she was pretty and did you say that she loves you!!! Baby I don't wanna know
you don't know what love at first sight is till you come home to your bed after a tiring day at work
Seeing so many pictures of Boston today. Kinnda bummed I didn't go. :\/
Lil mama keep lookin at me, imma knock that pussy out like fight night
P4 Way to go Stoked for you.
Gotta make my car driveable till the coilovers come in....fuggin struggle.
. really ? ridiculous.
Fuck them niggas fuck them niggas
I'm 135 and I'm pretty tall to weigh that much lmao
how do i change ur mind
Watching Aquamarine, cause I too am a mermaid.
I'm not waiting till October I'll walk to az
Some peoples hype is bigger than their talent
Is there some prize that I didn't hear about for this ice water challenge other than being cold and not helping this drought situation?
I really am so invisible to people.
Why you gotta be so rude dontchu know I'm human to...
You inspire me to be better, you challenge me for the better.
\"The aesthetic is like the force in , surrounding &amp; binding together the universe of , now &amp; forever.\"
Omg how the fuck do I get ahold of DMV -____-
Happy Independence Day USA. Let the turn up begiiiiinnn...
I spent too much money yesterday
Bring in Aron!
is Onew vcr out
The devil and god are raging inside me
Who? RT : Derek Jeter will be 40 years old in 37 minutes.
voy a poner una foto de perfil con ire
I give up on summer rowing I just can't do it like I couldn't even wake up at that time to get to school
Uterus, you are a stupid bitch.
Like did you want me to park at your mom's house? Shut the fuck up.
If you hang out with smuts, chances are your one too
Some of the most beautiful and needed encounters come from the most unlikely of people.\nThank you, Lowes employee.
Mi hope it's all bad shawtys at paine
Gotta go fold dem clothes and put them away...
Fuk w us then we tweakin hoe lol
Driving all the way to Brooklyn. Pray for me.
We are all addicted to something that takes the pain away. Mine just happens to not be so positive
when you return will you go for the title or go after the authority.?
So many oozing bug bites someone put me out of my misery
Who gets a burrito by themselves that's a chick? \"Cool chicks that are fuxkin badass dude\"
Status update: tomorrow's July 1st and I still have yet to unpack my shit from school
Day 2 of my cleanse and Im exhausted one more day to go then it's back to just veggies
Time to eat allll this left over chicken ribs mommy saved me
I think I've out grown carnivals. Sad day.
Omg her boyfriend is so fit he's all forcing her to eat salads and go to the gym I can't can I have him instead??!!
LeBron's only recourse is to finish each post-game comment with a \"jerk-off\" motion.
New York sometimes feels like a summer camp where barbecue and baked beans are for dinner as soon as you pass the swim test.
Staying lowkey and not catching feelings are the hardest things to accomplish
Cuartos de final partidos del Viernes \n\nvs \nvs \nAmbos son partidasos
Hobby Lobby isn't spoke small company... They have 21,000 employees. Poor job
i have to be up to pick up my cap and gown you fucking kidding me
*pick up soda* Well, it's cold... Is that 'cause it's right out of the fridge or because it's freezing in here? *flat soda*
I was just a poor college dropout until I followed and became a billionaire social media tycoon
Exposing people is some petty shit
.just invited me to join twitter on literally all five email addresses she has for me. No need to worry dal, I'm already here.
Downside of being friends with buff girls, mandem just wanna move through the team like they swimming through water dam.
Just bought EP...love him
We all grown .... So i hold you accountable for everything you do
Jhene can get it so bad...
And keeps waiting. This is a mind-blowing streak when you think of the biggest of big-time programs in .
I plan joke in my head and the. Laugh about them,to bad I had no one to share them with
Kissing the Machine, is actually my life right now, it's a good song but a sad story.
Listening to slow it down and I just may cry
Sneaking out to late night skate.
first day back at the gym since becoming a cyborg. hope i don't have a heart attack-ack-ack-ack-ack
Mistakes were made- lessons learned from Toyota applying Lean Startup
Los Ticos are playing beautiful soccer, a Cinderella story deserves to move on to the next round. Amazing saves by goalkeeper.
there ain't no guarantee, but ill take a chance on we
Wtf going on in southside helicopters out here deep!
A gaggle of little girls singing Let It Go at full voice on the subway at 11pm.
No one should advance after this game.
I thought moms were supposed to be the ones that picked you up when you fell, not the ones that pushed you down
I immediately stop people from telling me gossip about somebody else. Because I genuinely don't care.
Someone complimented my style today. Little do they know, this isn't swag, it's functionality\/necessity. Just cut sleeves off winter clothes
If they don't call high kick I might just go ref this myself
Germany Vs Cristiano Ronaldo(Portugal) tmm !! That game is gonna be crazy!!!
Mr.Squid I tried to follow you but your friend list was full I would really appreciate it if you would friend me my gamer tag is Topgun1023
Just say listening to music while watching the fireflies in my back yard for half an hour.
Nice goal usaaaaaa
Bitch just do it over aint nobody perfect on the 1st try
\"You're beautiful... You know, on the outside, where it counts.\"
I hold my nigga down no matter what the test, he know I'm a rida never gotta stress
Been at this spot for a minute
Where I can go &amp;&amp; be around ..
My dream is 2 meet &amp; they r so perfect &amp; amazing hope that comes true
solo tengo su aroma que me hace recordar..
seeing people happy makes me happy
I don't love either of these teams but these pks are still going to stress me out so much
If you don't know anything about my culture then I suggest you shut the fuck up.
Johnny Damon at the old timers game pisses me off
So fuckin bored someone chill with me and grillo
Let's gooooooooooo South American countries are leading this year!!!
Big nuts that's all
Can't believe my brothers cooked pizzas on the grill last night
Well there goes my circadian rhythm
Good freakin' shot.
Tu amor no es nada con lo que yo pueda pelear,
\": Bruh!! Twitter gon send some ppl hell fr fr..\" yea...that was odeeeeeeeee
That's the realest shit I've seen
Open gym @ PV from 6:30 and on. Tuesdays and Thursdays have little practice before Fall season practice begins.
Happy 4th, everyone! Going to enjoy doing absolutely nothing today, but watch and .
\"... and who do you thinks waiting at home? I bet she's not ugly. The only sin she's committed is being familiar\" -Red
How man ya'll bite your tongue when you see you posts on social media that expose audacious ignorance. Because I'm hitting the limit.....
YOOO SABIAAA POR LO MENOS UN GOOOOOOOOOOL
is it the same for yooooooou
Last shift at The Ginger Man for ! End of an era. Bigger and better things.
Spain was ass in this World Cup lol
Definitely setting a reminder to play the hoedown throw down at Carmine's birthday
I just wanna be the one to make you happy.
People I care about pushed me out of their lives and I pushed away the people that care about me..
WTF ALL OF SWAG KREW IS AWAKE WE SHOULD SPAM THE GROUP CHAT TO PISS OFF IVY!!!!!!
Good job Well deserved win...
I wonder if there's a progressive metal band called Shapes
I would love to have in Green&amp;Gold \": Trade proposal: Jim Johnson for Sergio Romo. Who says no? \"
Looks like a basketball game with USA- Ghana.
Was having a great first day at Colma until I locked the keys I need to close in the office... not chill
The gym not having showers for a month is really going to cramp my early am work outs
Ugh like why does it have to be so hard and expensive to get on your own!?
Everytime I hear the choir when I turn halo on I wanna cry tears of joy
These chops are tight! Lol
Today was fun and to explain it in a few words it be: boat, lake, bitches, beer, cliff jumping and a rope swing
As the world turned, I learned, life is hell
Watching the titanic rn probably isn't the greatest idea.
I wish I knew how to get the pic of a little dude on here that just hit on me on Facebook. I can't stop laughing. I'm incontinent.
I just wanna take you out and show you off
Wtf was the goalie doing??
Need more dip, afraid to go get my check, we'll have to figure this out later
aka probably some new shoes and a cool dress
He's in love with tragedy. She was a wreck, but he loved her. She was a wreck, but so was he.
Jack pot dorming with a Japanese and a Brazilian!!!!
Like of all people not to be there..... Paris Hilton lmaoolll
Omg I found the other piece to my bellyring, I can now die happy
You fuck around way too much and talk shit too much. Get it together bro.
Honestly thank god my mom is driving
Valley girls giving blow jobs for louboutins.. Call that head over heals. -iggy azalea
My friends are cold its ok i will take their money
Not going to sleep studying for global tonight
I'm stress-eating Entenmann's raspberry danish twist cake cause I already miss James Neal.
I used to think I was cursed being gay now I feel blessed to be truly who I am
Bitch, suck my dick before I smack you with it..
Believing he's heaven sent.
It's weird to be in different dugouts than and
Theres two different things about lie when some one ask you something and just telling your life when no ones asking
s\/o to justine's friend who got us free movie tickets, her other friend for being really cute lol, &amp; for for buying me drinks
Curse subway trains with broken ACs!
I'm still super confused as to why we have graduation rehearsal on the morning of prom
what the heck man.
My bish starts working today. Good luck Em!
Dans toutes les categories de la vie on est pas foutu d'assurer ! Je suis depasse, meme 1 point les gars ? wooooow
What's good niggaaaaa , what's really good
Lend me your eyes i can change what you see
I just want to go to a beautiful viewpoint &amp; just lay there in silence enjoying the view
\"Oh shit I have to shave my cat\"
Haven't heard a thunderstorm in over a year. Totally could live without em.
\"You have long legs for your size\" \nComplement? Statement? What..
the weather for this year has been od ass
Say goodbye to that one Virginia!
Fuck outta here with that bullshit
\": Chris Brown is so talented. Such a great performer\"
I don't think you truly understand how much I dislike you
I'm wating for my bAe trey to get on stage!!!
Ugh I'm going to dream about that Cajun fish fillet I had earlier
Thank you for revering me to I REALLY WANT TO BE APART OF THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best part about getting my benefits this week,I just took off July 3rd so I can work 12:01am-2:30pm July 4th for all that 2.5 time $$
The road to recovery on my feelings: I love white whine
I have no idea how to feel about this...
The satisfaction of clicking send on your letter of resignation.
Y'all can't say anything about how Lebron played because he's played his heart out this whole series
MILA KUNIS MAKES ME SO BDKANSLAN
If this person squishing me doesn't get off at the next stop, I'm getting off at the next stop myself and jumping in front of a train
I'm going to the BET Awards one day!
First TNA Show i been to ever. At the Manhattan Center.
I will not go to the ER today.
Small talk &lt; Just give me your pussy
Do people think I'm a Atm machine ? Nah bitch it don't fly like that
Today has been just awful I just want it to end
Tic Tac Tac Tac Toe
I need to follow white ppl.... I need to hear different conversation....
BK sando: garlic and herb chevre, parma cotto, speck, tomatoes, aussie feta oil.
the guy on treehouse masters is fuckin hilarious, he's always coked the fuck out
So many seats available on this train but fatty decides to sit next to me
Messi too good
Okay that dude needs to chill tf out lol.
I've been in my bathingsuit all day.
And that, that's the best feeling you can have
When people call me princess I just start loving them a little more
This entire series is what you call a good old fashion BEAT DOWN. NBA fans, enjoy watching the last 4 minutes of basketball this season
Why can't my face just be clear.
should I go back home tonight to do hood shit with my friends or
Ronaldo's face was like \"eh I know I suck\"
Janelle and ruben sitting in a tree K.I.S.S.I.N.G
Today I learned I can't support my country by watching the World Cup unless I don't play soccer
Some people dnt realize how good of a life they got
Wow huge loss if altidore is out
I feel like Mr. Q is speaking to me.\nThat explains my direct responses to all his questions.
It's great how I can just walk to beach
Hyped to see leonard win a championship the kid deserves it more than anyone
LETS GO USAAAA
Wood floor would be pretty dope
Fort Bragg was nice keep in mind it was unplanned we had to rescue the guys:)
you know the party's crazy when the EMTs arrive
Is it me or is reagge music just10x better in the summer
10 DAYS 'TILL I MEET CARTER BLEEPING REYNOLDS
Fly over states \/ Jason Aldean
So what, subtweet. I don't even care anymore. Short shorts = her. T-shirt = me. Comprende?
No shame in taking a night off
Where is Self Ccontrol? I have lost her? And I don't care who knowzzzzzzz
Bet that you know them, won't say mo names
hmu wanting to talk last night\nAnd I didn't see it till this morning\nI gave it the ill cold response because I wasn't in a talking
I'm be tranna be real coo frfr , someone always got a problem b
Today I drank a lot of coronas.
dempsey! go !
Basements new song is exactly what I needed to hear right now
Jamaican rum punch all day ...see how long I can stay woke
Not a fan of but I AM a fan of the new guy and that was one HELLUVA entrance at home!!
Fuck it ' I'll go cyph with Frankie
The struggle is still in effect.
If they kill Eric Northman. I am going to be VERY mad.
Screaming aloud for What a goal!!! Go KILL'EM
ow double up, ready! (Running) Run two three four, (Like a hare) Run two three four, (Now you are) Run two three four, (Getting there)
Ronaldo loves to choke
More Alabama connections at : former Huntsville Times intern &amp; Birmingham News intern
You know what today is ..... Arm day
On my way to Dodger Stadium !! Let's Go Dodgers !
one thing i hate the most about summer is the bug bites
GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL CLINT DEMPSEEEYYYYYYYYYYYY
All I can smell is horse and I didn't even touch a single horse today? Lol
I hope chile shows Brazil what real soccer is
Name 1 bitch in the game that I can't murda
I do whatever I want and no one can ever take that from me
I think I'd do good in the Marines obvi not a regular soldier no offense..special opps most likely
I can't wait to go to jersey on Friday :3
A lot of his fansites donated money and stuffs to the program :D our FanFan definitely has good influence :D
Today went by fast and all I did was sit home, that's a great feeling.
CAN I TAKE A SHIT IN PEACE IN THIS DAMN HOUSE PLEASE ?
5 miles later I can kiss my vitamix
If I dont hear born inthe the usa at least 4 times this fourth of july i will be highly upset
I need to start going to the gym with my brother
If you believe people when they use the 'I never got your text message' line, then you're a chump - it's 2014 wake up
People would actually learn so much about bullying and how wonderful baseball is if they saw Benchwarmer
I wanna love ya and treat cha right
Settle down with me, cover me up, cuddle me in.
For those of you who tell me my mom isnt a cunt youre wrong
Ian Darke is really great to listen to.
I can't explain how much I don't care about soccer right meow.
My cars litterallly a marshmellow
We playing no games
I try to stay humble, but some people just cant shut the fuck up
Sitting on this hill with her\nLooking in them baby blues\nWishing that the sky would change\nI've been thinking about it all damn day
u always get distracted by ur looks when u film u stop mid sentence to check yourself out nd then forget what ur saying STOP
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Don't trip over someone who doesn't wanna be tripped over
Alicia answers me a minute after I send the text but I still yell at her for taking so long to answer back ...
Wake Up Hoe. We Are Starting The Day Now.
Stay true , never switch sides...
I hate when I'm talking to someone and they stand really close and get way too close to my face
Come on Bosnia, you can't beat Argentina with soft kicks
Why is harry in London wtf why can't he just enjoy France lol
Yesterday i never wanted to talk to you again, and then you send me a snap of you crying and i cant help but be there for you..
BUT NO ONE CAN HELP HIM BC NO ONE ON THE PLANE SPEAKS FRENCH
Remember when national teams used to wear the correct colour shorts?
Somebody is pouring garlic powder on the floor of the building I live in. But why
Summers great so far
Bunch of traffic on the gw's because a bunch of shmucks don't know how to navigate around a tire on the road
Okay Alex lol
guess I will stay home today and tomorrow on my days off.
Turn 21 in exactly a month
Oh the Greek coach got kicked out? Won't make a difference because of these luck based pk's. Don't know why they can't just make golden goal
Hobby Lobby has the best yarn though
Don't tell me the same thing over, after I already put myself through the grueling task of listening the first time.
Literally cant sleep bcus my toes are itchy and no matter what i do they wont stop what the hell
Trevor sad he got to go out for his birthday
I just rlly want a poptart
Good impression for HHH of Barret: Wade Barrett 9-9 he can be great on ground but struggles on the steps
My town is so boring someone help
I just wish I already graduated because almost everyone thinks that school is a comment bar
I had such a lovely day with Ariana! God I love her
I'm the type of nigga that doesn't waste food, even if I'm not that hungry.
Was that a serious question ? Lol
I was definitely Thurgood Marshall in a past life
I need a one hour window without rain so I can ride my bike today!
\"Naw, following child labor laws is against our religion.\"
EHRMAGHERD TEENAGE DERECK IS BACK HOW WHAT AHHHHH
Feel like I'm in the twilight zone lol
My goal is to become the greatest
Your ex is happy without you, so don't even try...
Sangria+ + = best evaaa
Got my tattoo all figured out, now I just have to make the appointment
Good potential and cool weathere
Hate when people take advantage of kindness, like grow up seriously.
I don't love you no more, I think you're a hoe.
maybe now he'll play his game
Very proper to show hakaras hatov to the US for being the great country it is
Every time I call my boss he answers \"this is Ed\". Like dude I know I called you
Being home alone is not a good thing right now.
Omg I'm starving give me cactus
Fav word of the night is probably fuck .
7: i miss talking to you on the daily on the dl
Why have I always assimilated fishing in Pokemon to courting women.
first day I didn't get out of the house this summer ):
Mike stud makes me happy no matter what
Drugs open up your mind to a new outlooks &amp; restrained thoughts
Argentina clowning these niggas now. I said it before. Bosnia ain't scoring unless it's off a set piece.
How do I have. A cold it's summer..
We're all trying harder as the days go by
When always rewind times wgen i had bitches crying im sleep tho
As long as you got good friends that can make you laugh and that you love than your living good
Kendrick Lamar won't be shit until he works with DJ Mustard tbh
Wth Ansel and Joe are friends
WHAT A STRIKE
My parents want me to do chores on my day off them best be paying me time and a half
Felt so good to get back in the gym today
howard is doin us some good in this game
.notifications for birthdays. Smart.
Remember GoBots? All U wanted when U were young? U get older &amp; all U want is 2 drown out the voices telling u to end it? Remember?
Every time im in a bad mood its like my mom knows to call me and give me bad news
Funny I remember when people were tweeting about how annoying the world cup tweets were...
Every so often you're having a great day and everything's real chill like and then some dude jerks off on the subway.
Finally off work! Haven't ate all day! I'm so hungry, but I don't know what to eat. ..
Baby I love you im sleepy
It's just another night on my own
Jozy Altidore's hamstring looked vicious. I hope he gets well soon.
Lol ... Already? Smh USA
Somehow ended up with a bunch of skateboarding punks crashing at my house hahaha what how
Ha your so funny ha I'm dieing
painted on my car, no questions asked. Nor punishment. Man do we have a great relationship. Lol
Chris Rock might get sued for that breast cancer comment
Houston girls love the way it goes down.
Questioning why i still have a twitter ??
Honey you shouldn't wear booty shorts if you have a muffin top lol
Why are you still talking?
i sleep for like ten mins and wake up
The always sunny when Dee has a baby is one of the funniest episodes of all time
my eyebrows when they are done &gt;
Is it so hard to find some neon shorts?
rly debating gettin on a plane n flyin 2 florida 2 stay wit
i love the sound of rain. We put the world away, we get so disconnected.
Hey Obama issued fewer executive orders than GWBush and half as many as Reagan did. You hypocrisy is showing.
True Life: I just made the most dope spreadsheet
Yes I still go to the pediatrician, it's awesome
deng getting tatted a week before vegas was a horrible idea. no pool parties for me :'(
RFT\": LOL that's because \"
USA USA USA GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!
Oceanside stop playing music fit for a fuckin baby shower
Dead roses are prettier then alive
my sister pussy fa falling asleep already
Ive never been addicted to something so much
yea I'm single yea I'm single
the ppl that talk the biggggest game and brag the most.... turn out just like average joe everybody else is
When people stalk your ig and accidentally like a pic and then unlike it but you already saw &gt;
damn is you're chloresterol high, because you saltyy
Enamorarse es gratis, el precio se empieza a pagar cuando quieres olvidar.
Mom just said I look Asian rn. \nCooooooll
Is it my goal or is it your goal?
Dempsey with the 30 second goal!
It's nothing but a countdown now to win that Finals Trophy
Thats how it be sometimes
Go Spurs, go.
I can't even get out of my car right now
&amp; Day. I have fun w. My cousins.!
i really dont wanna give up but ive been doing this for hoursssssssssssss and im not even halfway done
Everyday I want to bet on the padres
ITS TOO EARLY FOR A HOLIDAY. Up &amp; at 'em.
Half Mast - Empire of the Sun
Can't take much more of this summer weather thing everyone seems to be so happy about
I just paid 6 dollars for a diet coke
\": Apam tande gaz la pral monte anko, galon an pral vann 275 Gdes, ou kwe malere ap ka pran frap sa..!!\"ou pa konn monte bekann
Tonight was pretty poppin haha good vibes man
\"Fostered aching tension. Demented bruised inventions. Unbelievable. Burnt out &amp; seasonal.\" Oh come back to SF already!!!
It's like a sea of wheat out here...\n\nAka it's hella boring out here. 100 mi left till bay with and
Before you give up, think about why you held on so long.
Don't like this idea at all
If you don't like power rangers, fuck you.
Finally home. To many people tried talking to me on the way home. Like nahh chill dont follow me
Does anyone know if retros open
I am desperately trying to be more than what I have been.
So I really wanna know which events swam...
Why have none of my friends tweeted in the last 12 hours??? I'm lookin at you and
Big 3 all opt out, LBJ says he's taking his talents to the , wade and bosh resign w\/heat and add Carmelo.
Always being on time is a curse and a blessing
waiting for a subway to arrive at nyc is like waiting for jesus to come back to life
Blood is up. Auf geht's Deutschland!
It's honestly passed my bed time rn
What a strike! Let's go USA!!
No not Ronaldo though ugh mixed feelings
I hear your name I see your name I think of your name and ANGER flows thru my veins like I want you to get cancer sooo bad
My tombstone will read: she did not generate a lot of garbage.\n\nWell, actual garbage.
good going sir ,countering figures with figures
if you don't have abs then really what are you good for
Anyway I'm going to sleep early goodnight
Edge of Tomorrow is a great piece of Sci-Fi. I recommend it.
TV VIEWER ALERT: If you're going to watch 3 outs of college baseball in 2014 make it now . 3, 2 bottom 9.
I fucking love watching the World Cup !!
Oohhhhh. That was a really bad idea...
Ah, Pride Drama. Pride is to LGBT people what Valentine's Day is to straight folk -- a minefield of emotional mishaps.
In Ecuador* that is where I will be
I only stan jack I dislike everyone else in magcon
Why can't someone else make as much effort as I do? It's annoying.
Damn scotch neat'll put some hair on your balls
Where does one get off in life that they can be such a sassy bitch?
CM , a true fighter for ! She let know a 3p hearing 4 residents is not okay.
lil wayne is giving us a ghetto choachella look
i turn 18 in days , people ask me if ima throw a party or wanna go out , honestly , i just wanna work on my music .....thats it
hang out w me at San Mateo
Let's go 33 seconds
Well, this has been a roller coaster ride
Goin to Rincon Ventura for a week starting Sunday. Hmu if u wanna kick it...
After I take this damn drug test I'm smoking a shit load of blunts!!
CAN MY KIDDIES WAKE UP AND LOVE ME\/ANSWER ME PLEASE
Signs he's a fuck boy: he throws up in your suite and never bothers to clean it up or give Fatou a thank you card
Dominicans like black niggas ? Or do I have to pull my Hispanic card ?
i bleed like you so there fore i aint scared of you
where are all those great patriotic country songs? Always look forward to them on a great American holiday
White girls- \"your such a slut! Get hit by a bus! Lol jk love you, but you are a whore\"
Tim Howard may have half the plays of today after this game...
At SFO Virgin Terminal. My fave place to fly from. The one in Seattle is almost as nice, but LAX is crapola.
I wanna nurse my babies froyo
\"That's Joe Biden, the USA president... I mean Vice President.\"
NASCAR on ESPN makes me want to kill myself.
Quick trip to California. Off to see the folks at
Jessie Ware and Chance the Rapper's friendship means a lot to me
Good day once again turned into a shitty day
Bruce Jenner knows what's up. He's the only sane one in the house.
Love your girl instead of being out here embarrassing her..
How this bad bish going up again see herself?!?
Bad day. Early for watch and then no collar devices.
ghost rage i hate this game all over again.
When it comes to opinions, don't ever pick a fight towards me. Seriously. I will own and take you out. Don't give a shit who you are!
Seen niggas serve the wrong fein and get booked for that
Do I watch GOT finale, or the finale of the Miami Heat tonight??
I can't describe how much I do not give a shit about you or your life bye
Probably going to go to my dads tomorrow and not going to come home
Can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you just might find, you get what you need
Wtf is wrong w my head :'( i can't take these headaches no more
OH MY GOD SIGE GOOOO
In my opinion, Jessica alba and Meghan fox are irrelevant
Basement and Arctic Monkeys on the same tour what
I gotta dollar sign migraine.
I just accidentally shoved my mom on the floor...
What a run by Robben. Come on Holland!
The only reason I'm eating them is because I'm hungry as fuck. My protein shakes make me hungry as a mother fuck all the time.
Oh dear Jesus GAWD SpongeBob Buddha Science our SF mayor is a fucking douchebag
That's how you fucking start a World Cup!!!!!!
Why do I still think about you ?
\"What is a side nigga\/bitch?\"\nWell thats easy. A side niggs\/bitch is a bitch\/niggs that someone seeing on the DL
cheated off her test,now I'm grabbin her ass
Nice kick! Go
you're literally 5 years old.
Tears for Giroud. LETS GO
She want a man so bad she is going to let him talk shit
OMG, witch game to watch at 12 today. But of course .
&amp; the clear &amp; beautiful rivers &amp; lakes.
Beckerman's hair looks a bunch of branches.
my only crime is being too kind
What happened to bros before hoes??
Nick asked Mariah to come back to the Under Ground for Sharon's sake.
damn is your chloresterol high? because you salttyy
I BELIEVE I BELIEVE WE WILL I BELIEVE WE WILL WIN!!!
Can't take too much of a good thing
Is it weird that I love talking to my close friends about their relationships or person they're talking too?
To the person who woke me up at 10:16 cause I \"called them a couple days ago\" and insisted it was the right number- go fuck yourself.
Ryan's having a 4th of July cookout Friday ... Fireworks done at Marks crib
Guess who's not getting a today. Mee!!
Never gonna be able to sleep in this 130 degree house. Going insane
You can hear the whole city chanting!!!!
It's finally here
My friends are going out to get dollar beers and I'm here having a protein shake. The sacrifices are so real getting ready for vacation.
I hope stevie is killin it for me rn :')
maybe we can go back to the way it was
Giving up aint for me:
Once I am not grossly sick, will someone accompany me on a date to Han Noodle Bar? Pretty pretty please?
Forgot Clint Dempsey is my avi
Great night at for Trivia Night w\/ 'sjohnson
I do a lot of things that don't make sense
Shared Ferris Bueller's Day Off with Heidi tonight. I never realized that Del Close played the English teacher! Cool.
Ciara really got all the vocals and can dance like fuck.
OMG. Give this man a medal
i haven't seen and in over a week
I need my \"I don't give a shit about anything\" mentality back
i react the same way louise belcher does when i see a person who is too cute
is everything right now
the red string of fate that attaches us to each other from our pinkies is never far
What's the point fighting with a 14 year old lol. No point. You already look like a bitch for that one. You have no game. Little bitch.
BO$$ snippet\nAlly's snippet\nFifth Harmony's snippet\n\nthey dont sound like the same song explain
Will the real Jacob whitesides please tweet me
Had a phenom birthday! I am so thankful
What a goaaaaaal! give a run fi dem money. goal!
yeah I saw that too RT : What?!? RT : Angie left Hot97 cuz
Cut the shit out deadass
Trey Songz has such a sexy smile, omg
I love it when you text someone back the moment they texted you but then they take hours to respond back. But did you die I don't get it
Lets fuckin goooooo
It's rare that you find someone who isn't full of shit
Being in my bed feels amazing right now.
Day one of recital week wahoooooo
cachorra teimosa da porra colok pra fora a aqui dentro novamente
Top to pop the cap off the Dr.pepper and enjoy life. Wildwood Im here!!!!!!!
My tbt is going to be unreal
$ Iarrys1975 $ hello katelyn ! ur acc is super duper cute and u r officially a new fave
I sleep like a baby
I don't wana get up but my phone bouta die
A dude should never idolize another dude. Shits just gay. You're your own man.
Agsidsida nak ita ti kaldereta ket malagip ko la unay tay gayyem ko
Clint Dempsey just broke his nose
if I grab a womans ass and she punches me shes fighting for her rights but if a fag grabs my ass and I punch his lights out I'm a homophobe?
I got excited when I heard we can finally wear color to work only to go look in my closet and see that all my clothes are black lol
People are made up of water and fear
I guess since the dodgers are blacked out, watching the giants fall apart will suffice!
Spend life making something of yourself instead of trying to impress people.
completely forgot that my knee &amp; hip are fucked up . oh well .
I would never in my life be a homie hopper, no matter how much I dislike someone I couldn't do that to someone
why wont you follow me ??
Loud ass kids in this theatre.
I also lose everything
So many things and so many projects. They need to allow cloning so I can get all this shit done
Hope I don't shit my pants at this interview today
And then a stranger told me I'm too pretty to look so serious. I should smile more. DUDE I'm serious b\/c I'm picking falafel out of my teeth
Me and my friends are top 5 fbi
This cheetah girl is mad annoying
Take it in stride Karyn, if you can transition, you can move forward. It's hard.
I have no idea what this guy is saying but I love it
I guess you really do lose friends that quickly
Costa Rica is gonna get the dub
can I just get my nose pierced already
I'm not a liar , therefore I'm not gonna lie for you. Sorry.
The fact that my orientation group is all boys sucks
Crazy I been in ny for a month and change and I personally experienced 3 things that been on worldstar...winning
Watching the episode with Lane's wedding is getting me so psyched for Turkey
Getting a new ac tomorrow and I am so joyful
I'm just tryna have a good time
Like these are the cousins I never see lol
just saying...if you're out there trying to be a white rapper you gotta do it solo. no sidekick.
Watching da bbys in the
It just doesn't feel like past 11 &amp; I don't want to be home.
Damn Jav got the vocals on deck
Megyn, your straight hair style is very beautiful &amp; youthful :-)
Celebrating Korea and feels absolutely appropriate tonight.
Hot as fuck. \n\nI still haven't ate.
I haven't watched bgc in a long time, I swear it gets more ratchet each season....
Told sica to write me a love letter in my yearbook
Amateur chipotle wrap artists are the bane of my existence.
Shoutout to my friends for always hanging out without me
\"These men died for their country. Send flowers to their bitches and hoes.\" \n- Scary Movie III
nothing you say will ever upset me. I take everything with a grain of salt.
The fact that i have work in less then 7 hours really makes me wanna wake all my friends up to start drinking rn!
I don't wanna stop talking to you. But it's for the best and I guess you want that..
Ghana and USA have some pretty sweet jerseys!
I have mood swings with these things cuz like earlier I was all happy and now I'm kinda sad
I just don't understand why, when it's important, I can't fall asleep
Nani is the most frustrating \/ one of the worst players I've ever seen.
Hug spelled backwards is \"guh\", which is the sound people make when I hug them.
Lol it's all the way bad bruh
Watching \/ on + . .
If were comparing himself to me instead of the other way around: we've both been quoted on string theory blogs.
The God Delusion
i just want to go back how it wss before
OH MY GOD I FUCKING LOVE THIS COUTEY
earlier today I won VIP tickets to see Demi lovato!!!! See you October 27!!
Mamiss ko? Tay sgbaba jay jeep aggapo Pasiocan tas \"Palaud manong\" then \"Normal manong\"
Just saw a woman so big she barely got in her car. This is why I go to the gym
Carris is in El Salvador. I repeat, is in my homeland.
Like I can't even fathom how perfect that is....... I just... Wow.
Todo puede pasar
I'm getting turnt
Not even a soccer fan but MURICA to mr Dempsey
WANTING TO GO TO THE GYM BUT NO1 WANTS TO TAKE ME
Well this audition just keeps getting more interesting.
It's one in the morning and the city is still alive
Here's your chance, kid.
I could literally be extremely pissed at you. and you wouldn't even be able to tell c:
Only is you got me feeling like this oohh why, why, why, why
The hardest thing in the world is trying to please everybody. I'm all out of options and i don't know what to do anymore
I'm an adult now. I got my own account.
Okay so I got rescued by my mama but now I'm forced to walk around San Carl in basketball shorts with dancing tights underneath
A whole bottle of wine and delivery food for two all to myself
Hell yeah lmao \": pharrell high as hell lol\"
choked on my ice pop during that goal
There's just something's I've learned to keep to myself from starting an argument or getting myself worked up
this game sucks ass.. hopefully all's well that ends well
So glad the beau knows about cars cause I know nothing.
It's summer &amp; he got fuckin uggs on yo
The things I would do for a foot\/leg massage right now...
I love when people notice the little things.
I hate commercials
When you have to look at your phone through one eye you knoo your drunk. That's not me jus sayin lol
If ONLY this bitch fucking KNEW.
Su said got a white gurl like topanga
WHO IS BLASTING CLASSICAL MUSIC IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD OMG
I THOUGHT MY SON GETS A FREE PRINTER, A 64GB IPOD TOUCH, 700.00 OFF THE 11 INCH AIR, AND HE DIDNT HAVE TO BE IN COLLEGE YET
Morning runs through central park &gt;
Omg I'm waiting for the elevator up to my apt..
So I pretended to go along with the Lizzie McGuire grad joke but I've never actually seen Lizzie McGuire
What if an employer has religious objections to gluttony and won't pay for cholesterol meds? Or type 2 insulin? Where does it end?
I think about ya all the time, but I don't need the same
Today had to be one of the better days of my life
Orphan Black is the new show.
I want your heart but I don't deserve it
Living ghetto fabulous and I'm still actin ratchet
Reflecting how me and my crew rolled up to pride in a limo
When staffing calls and tells you you're sitting for a large, aggressive patient..w\/ a security guard in the room, you know you're screwed.
How would you know if you don't try
The guy who grew up in St. Louis, Missouri scores for Bosnia.
Your snapchat story should not be longer than 45 seconds. After 10 secs I really don't care anymore.
Gonna start watching snk I hope and are proud
Great finish by the Ticos in PK well played Greece
\": if you could go ah whole day without talkin to me You don't fwm like you say\"
I plan on eating an entire quart of cherries for dinner and nothing else.
That thunder just literally shook my entire house
screaming at the top of my lungs \"TEEN WOLF SOON, TEEN WOLF SOON!!!\"
How about the next time you wanna text my boyfriend you just don't. I thanks
When the scarface game came out she beat it the same day
This taro ice pop is on point
He don't love me like he says he loves me
Some people create their own storms, then get upset when it rains...
I hate generic people, who will argue that they are different
it's attractive to me when people are completely in love with bettering themselves &amp; learning &amp; growing. like, you rock, keep doing you.
I'm in a good ass mood
my actions don't compare to yours
why are you keeping tabs on me? lmfao
Why does the sweet bread isle smell so damn good
These niggas don't know how to act
Sleeping on the houseboat was cool but srsly waaaay too many bugs wtf
Cellar Door pre sale tomorrow.
I hate jealousy but that shit shows that a person really cares!
One asshole is taking up three seats w his bags, another is treating the empty seats next to him like bongo drums.
Jet skiing is the reason I don't work out.
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool cantalo esta en 4tos. Muy bien.
I have nothing to do today fuck me.
There is a big difference between cockiness and confidence. Confidence is sexy, cockiness is a turn off.
If you want some good ass rap check out
Lara Crocker: Oven Raider
If I kick and scream and cry can I not get weighed?!
Andrea is READINGGGGGGGGGGG Jessica for filth and more filth.
I think I need to start selling drugs or something lol
Woke up in a bad mood whyyy
Curse of the Landycakes.
I pray that I pass all my regents
If your country is playing you don't need to tweet every fucking second about it
im in a group message with like 6 people who i dont know &amp; they all know me
A man who drives a motorcycle ...
I hate my fucking life any everything about it
Never stopped loving you, just stopped showing it
Cool just dropped my phone on my face
it's ALWAYS me.
Also but the is still on and I'm absolutely gonna be all over these two matches... going to be firecrackers
Why bother asking me if I want food if you're going to give it to me anyway?
MANU IS COOKING
Kool-aid jammers are the best
Tengo mala memoria, sobre todo para las \"fechas especiales\"
I miss a lot of my indirects
The simplest questions in life are the most impossible to answer. Who are we? Why are we here? But these answers are the most valuable.
I have a dance routine as well
Now Dempsey might be done .... please come save a !!!
\"Joe Biden, the US president is in the crowd today.\" Yes. Correct. Good one, British commentator. 10\/10.
i came to the bathroom to crap and i ended up caught up in the war between the kitten and my foot
I love College Baseball regardless of who won what a series
That's the worst I've ever done it
Allergies, what a bitch.
I'm an insomniac, a mothafuckin' insomniac
cams on a follow spee &amp; idk what to do its awkward
USA ISNT PLAYING!!!! LETS GO!!!!!
Fupa city at wegs if anyone wanna see
ok so like im allergic to bees and one time I got stung by one when I was like 6 and I looked like a Oompa Loompa
Get me the hell off this trizzainnnn
Waiting for mk.
This weekend can suck it. Not about it right now.
Fat Boys with a Glandular Issue - -
When the love is gone then it's just b.s left
can I just read instead of studying for English I mean you read books in English so
\"This is family business, and this is for the family that can't be with us.\"
Shoutout to the doorman at the plaza for going inside &amp; giving me a free issue of the times when I asked where the nearest news stand was
Everybody dies in the summer wish i could Pray for a little bit more spring
The new 16 handles flavor is a must have
If You Don't Have A Car Or Drugs , Nobody Wanna Fuccs With You .
When the days get darker the haze gets sparked up.
Sean lowes tweets are my favorite thing about the bachelorette
Been trying to nap for the past hour and I realized I had a double shot this morning. WHADDDDAPPPPP!
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
What a cracker!!!!!!!! Brilliant!!!!
FREAKING 30 SECONDS IN HOLY SHIT
Shout out to my boss for letting me off from work tomorrow to watch the game.
Why did I never heard of Ted Greene musician before ?\nStuck watching amazing videos on Youtube ...
And ppl wonder why I don't talk to anyone
Messi is too good
With the summer2010 MNE crew (minus a few ppl) hearing this music thats bringing us back to tophill
ATTN PORNO\/LOS ANGELES FRIENDS: Was thinking of having a birthday party up there next Sat. the 28th...Whatcha think? Should I? Miss you all!
Don't snapchat kaitlyn your nudes, dm me with booty pics
5 on 2 how do you mess that up
And if you fallll, if you falllll
Not feeling well mentally today... Just much on my mind... Wish things would get better
Went to Indio to see where Coachella was and all we found was empty empire polo club. Imagining the scene.
It all just seemed so good the way we had it Back before everything became automatic
Nancy just asked me to take a selfie....
\": walkibg home\" where was you ?
A dude just autotune serenaded about protein synthesis. This is unreal.
Have to pass a blunt around if I'm being reunited with the Stoneonta niggas
Can't stand any of these damn people
Dark Lipstick Isnt For Me. Nope
25, home on a Friday, and watching the first movie asking my sister, , all these nonsense question
I hate going goal for goal in games. Like it actually pisses me off
Well not gonna be able to sleep at all tonight
movies from the 80's are the best movies
And I just might buy them
My best friends sister is about to be a cop....
just can't miss, not even if they tried throwing the basket ball away from the basket.
That made me mad what's the point of doing a MCM if you not gone use a photo of myself smh whatever
My grandma lives across the street from a trap house yeo
89' Yvener Guerrier received a yellow card
Found out the true definition of cake
Watching ladies of London and laughing so hard. \"They're celebrating the fact that they threw the Brits out..\" That's 4th of July for you.
Making moves to a better life idk what but it's happening
Damn yesterday was too much fun ...straight on one all day with good ppl like always!
Lmao yo I'm done
Time for a nice long workout
I like USAs jerseys
Chelsei is legit the only one who understands
random men in the bagel store ask Eleanor \" why did you unfollow me on insta\" wtf..
Aqui um gajo que eu admiro para caralho
I'm a very independent, \"I don't need anything from you\" type of woman, but when I'm sick, I like to get babied.
.I bet you get this a lot, but I have SUCH a huge on you &lt;3
We were suppose to leave an hour ago so we could watch the game in manteca but nooooooooo. We're still home.
You are a glass half empty, sipping my ocean dry. Emotionally spent me, 'til none of our planets could align.
Jones was holding RB
Had a little writing session today. Feels good to fuel that part of my life!
Just realized my mouth is hella nasty....shit
everyone has giant phones in nyc I'm not the only one
I'm starting to give up in this class. This teacher expects to much from us.
Fufu lame bitch she ain't widit
Bopp that THOT, bopp that THOT, and bopp that THOT.
I'm happy for Gabe, the dude deserves the best
I hope it rains today
tweet me ya instagrams i follow back !
I nickname everybody:Like my kid is Hulio &amp; my daughter is Pumpkin Head &amp; my X is WickedWhich O the SO.&amp; my GranKids R Armondo &amp; Conswaylo!
well good thing i replace food with alcohol
BEND IT LIKE JERMAINE
She's pretty (:
When I don't feel right or something hurts I'm so used to brushing it off, cause I didn't have health insurance for the longest time .
thought that was a bomb selfie then i clicked on it and was like nah
Nesta Carter hurt did not contest the finals of the Natl trials 100m
Bonito gol, bonito.
That's what I call a goal!
- stay true never switch sides
USA needs those announcers that just scream goal for like 4 minutes
I deleted that tweet because I renounced my bird head ways
You know what's great? Music. Books, too. Some TV. Bunch of movies, also.
I love fast food a lot.. But I will take a home cooked meal over it any day!
Awhh damn, here we go again
I bet you I'll be knocked out in5 minutes
If I had to be at baci today id shoot myself in the face
The U.S. is fly. Making a goal 35 seconds into the game.
This is gonna hopefully end after Thursday
I'm supporting the US national team although their fans are the ones I dislike
who tf brings a new born baby on a plane?
As if tfios wasn't enough, my favorite John Green book is going to become a movie
The traffic on 95 right now is insane
I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I live...
Hell no \": 11. What are your views on PDA?\"
The FIFA hashtag is pretty stupid
Di Maria is good , but he plays for Madrid so it's awkward ...
Safe to say Ima miss my 656 train. ugh
I might as well change my name to karliegh or Kayleigh considering that's all anyone ever calls me
Morning everyone! ! Have a great day and let's hope for a Mets Victory to take the series!!!!!
My cousin straight been sleep for 24 hours from jet lag coming from japan
Ben and Luca did a lot of brother things it was.very :)))
You've just been so irritating lately.
Johnny Damon is making his debut today and I'm not sure why, but it makes me feel old.
Choppin it up with a lady in the parking lot, who then proceeds to take her child out of the car. Seeya!!
I say I can't close anymore and what do they do, give me a closing shift.
Wade is soo trash now it's Redic
Patiently waiting for something good to happen this summer
I just had an upper respiratory infection 2 weeks ago and now I'm sick again like this is really bullshit
Bout to beat up an 8 year old for his vanilla ice cream with sprinkles
Dont have to go to the journey concert anymore
This is the match that everyone is allowed to talk about because usa is the shit.
Game of thrones tonight!!!!!
Few people understand as well as does and that's exactly why I love her to pieces
I'm gonna dyyyeeeee
Bruh..... I ate too much at the buffet. I feel like I'm about to shit my self.
Enough of come on
Just saw a guy on a motorcycle with a big teddy bear on the back. Wtf?!
Hip hop is taking a turn for the worst
I didn't even bet tho
Why does everyone think name is Dan!? And then they claim they really know him. Seriously added to my list of pet peeves -.-
Can you talk to me until I knock out or something idk, kill me.
Ive played soccer with Johannsson before which therefor makes me cooler than all of u
Mamiss ko rau barkada nga humulod phone makanet lang wennu maka selfie lang
I'm actually laughing at my Instagram like its a joke
Tryna understand what just happened right now
Attempting to slowly watch OITNB season 2 so it won't end. Isn't going so well though.
Thx to Allie I have enough pics to post for the next 367 days...tysm
Don't even gotta watch the game just watch the tweets
I'm really glad I got to tweet that Wow what an opportunity
I need my nipples pierced. Asap FERG.
I wish I could escape my mind sometimes
In a dangerous Kanye phase ra now
Ready to get turnt AF 's sweet
After being on molloy and Nassau campus for 5 weeks, i honestly miss the scenery at the mount
Last night we went from 0 to hunna real fucking quick
Would it be weird if girls texted me first .. Cause sometimes i don't wanna b that guy but id love to see them b that girl.. Takes guts !
Fuckin Atsu man, good player
Trying to avoid the inevitable is pretty much .. inevitable
You were more than just a dream
Bathroom selfies are weak and so are you.
Jesus Fucking Christ golazooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 2-1
I'm acting like I don't got work tmmrw
First day of work and its raining, fantastic.
I'm trying to Bae her,\nBut Renia won't let me feed her popcorn while we watch Orange is the New Black
unlike your friends mine are loyal to me soooo don't even try getting them to turn on me :-)
Can't wait till Purge comes out
why'd you have to fuck everything up lol
no one cares that I'm on my death bed I guess
And today we will do something that we've never done before
HAHAH I wish
The bachelorette makes me cringe... Pick Chris and get out
I kno you still follow me
Run at , better late than never!
11 retweets and 21 favorites later I notice my tweet has a grammatical error OH WELL
Ain't no rest for the wicked until we close our eyes for good.
please follow me shawn I'm not giving up until you do!! No matter how tired I get ..
The amount of burger king i saw my lil sister eat just now is disgusting
I'm cool with a lot of people but definitely not with you lmao
Jay driving = everyone bitching LOL
I don't understand how men with girlfriends still dress like cavemen in the dark. Like come on ladies...
I will never understand Chinese tattoos unless you are chinese. stop the madness.
\": Spilled my drink on me while watching the World Cup, call that getting Messi.\"haha
Live with the regrets or live with the hurt.
\": Got break relationships to find the right one\"
This doctor appointment tomorrow is going to be something
NY PIZZA IS THE BEST PIZZA THAT EVER PIZZA'D \n\n
To all the NY high school students taking the regents tomorrow, I wish you all the best. This too shall pass!
Grisha win for Misha
I'm high and irritated at the same time how's that possible..?
Overheard in : \"Awwwww! I LOVE homeless people!\"
Bittersweet maybe? Lol
\": I hope we use Chicharito I really dnt want United to sell him.\"I'm saying i hope
Just saw Anthony Bordain walking down the block with his daughter. What a cool cat.
I got a missed call from yah nigga
Broken nose for sure.
Ronaldo I'm so done with you, but it's okay I still love you
these hoes ain't loyal
Always be at peace with your demons
People yammering about this car or that phone they MUST HAVE, I realize the reverse is also true: one man's treasure is another man's trash.
I don't like Dempsey but nice moves kid
most of times this would be good:\n\n[junit] Tests run: 6, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 51.908 sec\n\nnot now!
Lol shortest French player has to stand behind the tallest kid during anthems haha. Just looks awkward.
Btw that bird is my tumblr icon. Isn't it precious
What a fuckin diggg!!!! Take a bow son
I could be your curse or your angel it's all in how you love meeee
My boy Dylan looking fire as usual. Holland is ok too.
I want to put this picture up.
Come on guys!!!!!
It is never a crime to picklock your own lock
\": If you aren't down with , are you even living?\"SQUAD
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORROW CAN U HEAR ME SCREAMING
I like when I ask questions and get no responses. Reminds me of real life. Lol
I always worry about how long something gone take but forget how fast it could go...
Anyone wanna go to this party with me i need a ride
Somewhere between I want it \nand I got it
I really need to get my nails done
Why does my aunt feel the need to tell me about how my cousin walked in on her and my uncle \"getting romantic\"?
The team that beat is back today
i had a mojito with dinner and now all i want to do is take a nap
- saw you at the cookout . I thought you talked to the bro lol
literally pisses me off so bad when someone takes hours to answer a simple text message and you know their not doing anything
There's a party back in the woods tonight\nHeard it through the redneck grapevine
It was fun at first but I'm over itttt
SFXIX Wednesday Divsion Wk1 Ln2-The Ruskee Trombones beat a 2 roller Skeereberal Ballsy, formerly T. H. Skee, with an 846.
if there's a typo in a tweet i have to delete it im so embarrassed
Since when are you able to hire somebody for a job that is taken without that person being fired promoted or demoted
Get well soon, ALTIDORE!
S\/o to all the middle aged white men in my Zumba class.
all these virtual thots
My mom wants me to do a puzzle with her.
If jenn dont text me back !
no new friends no no no
When someone brings up my ex I cant stop myself from laughing at how stupid it ended.
Bruh, the Great Lakes look intimidating!
Favs mean DM me so I can get to know you.
You could be friends with them if ya ass is so lonely!
Attending first time instead of which may have to do w. sunny San Diego
\"I have this white boy in my class that always looks pissed, one of the pink ones, with the orange freckles you know?\" - my roommate
You girls anit low !! Yea !! Yea !!
ha to the one not comfortable with soup at third
If this charger break I'm switching over to my galaxy
Beautiful night for a show out here! Thanks for the VVIP
Mom and I are connecting with the spirit world tonight
Tem muitas coreanas lindas aqui andando e exibindo sua beleza nas ruas
i wanna some thru da roof shit buh nah aha
I would describe it like a lizard's asshole
Chill manu buying real estate in step back city. And the nasty dunk
I love tanning then showering and putting on sweats
wonder what smtd stands for tho could be like their initials or maybe \"suck my tiny dick\" idk
just damn rude, at least they had the brains to remove it -.-
Today was better than yesterday thanks god 2 down 4 to go
Things I am not feeling: great.
So... finally caught up to Game of Thrones season 3 &amp; just saw \n\nWhat.The.Actual.Hell?
The squad and I will be at it early in the morning to watch the USA game.
Killing the tricep game one lift at a time
kendell girl payed for his tats
Love has no borders let the Mexicans over.
Mud wrestling with the divas ? Am I in heaven ?
don't expect me to talk to you when you're talking to like 50 other girls no bye
Avalon, baby. You can find me at the P, it's goin' down.
We beat germany like twice in worldwars so idc if we don't beat them at soccer.
goddammit i think cortaca weekend is nov 14-15...brings up the question of cortaca or hardwell at MSG
My goodness Manu....
Im the CAN man anyone CAN get it
Dempsey goal is the fastest goal in the World Cup so far 30s
Filho da puta nojento
16- from the few times I've talked to you you're so funny !!
No one that I'm fucking with can ever use the term \"bitch\" to refer to me to my face ORRRR BEHIND MY BACK WITH THEIR BOYS!
I feel like a fuckin communist cuz I can't watch the US game tmm
RIP Anthony Anaya and Montgomery Tsang. I hope you're happy up there in our electric sky
\": twitter &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; being in love\"
\"Simply sensational strike\"
Terrance is such a sweetheart. Idk how he puts up with Jelena.
Being hungry and not knowing what to eat is the real problem
If i don't act weird around you im not comfortable with you
Missin the time me and went super high to ihop and got free oatmeal
I'm just gonna punch my neighbor and his dog.
Struggling now you know I'll be struggling then
sehun lookin like a toddler again
I'm just thinking that's an awfully convincing chain leading back to you.
Kicked off my shoes tripped acid in the rain
So apparently smart toilet seats are a thing now. Awesome! At demo day.
Kim's ass is bigger in person
My forehead just fell asleep if that's a thing
How the fuck does one of my kittens manage to scratch one of my nipples!? HOW?
Another reason why cutting Donovan was dumb, limited goal scorers . Now a starting striker goes down and we get thinner there
Feels like my love life is finished, I've been avoiding commitment, that's why I'm in this position
I'm just watching my drunk snaps. Laughing so hard.
Anyone have xbox 360 games they don't want ..?
I've realized I can't live alone, I'm too much of a baby.
Smoking the joint to end edc day 1 watching kill circuit grounds on an epic set was the shit!!!!
Whoever came up with \"Newseum\" is probably also responsible for inflicting \"Men's Wearhouse\" on us.
I fill like a kid I'm so ready to see boosie bad ass
This is going to be a long week.
Guess who got new cleats right now
so my teacher is Russian so basically we are all going to die
Spurs gonna be an Allstar dlc on 2k15
Talk about it talk about it about it talk about it
I be in chancletas, white v neck and b ball short on July 4 th
What I should be doing: studying. What I'm not doing: studying
I fall every time you make me feel important
They say talk is cheap, so I be smilin when we meet
Those clips of LeBron are really making me feel teary man...damn I feel bad now
The shirt I had on was a small &amp; that shit fit me huge, making me look bigger
How am I just coming across Kandee Johnson..... She is the happiest make up artist ever.
Lebron going to the Knicks
Esta vez busco por cielo y tierra a Sham
Some of the \"tweets\" at the bottom of are definitely over 140 characters
My god, that was like 5 straight minutes of flyers fans booing as Gary Bettman spoke. Bravo
I don't wanna see you in my mentions so bye
god bless. i spelt identical wrong. embarrrrrrrrrassing
Nigga what you want nigga? Come to my hood
I guess i just got a little butt hurt..
cisco charges for patches lool ..north korea has a marionette metropolis on their border lolol
That was a really nice goal
Nothing more to give, nothing left to take. I keep reaching out for you as you turn away. One step my heart is breaking...!
My entire body hurts. Did I do a double workout or get beat? God damn.
Winging my way on the dance floor. A Salsa dancer I am not.
i been up since 5 wtf.
Tbh. I'm gonna probably start pushing people away bc I'm so fucking tired of expectations.
Wtf this game is brutal
My son makes me so proud! ^.^
Why do I put myself through things I know I can't handle emotionally
I'm at work across from a huge Greek cafe and I don't even have to watch this game
Our cyber romance\nNow in remission\nA kiss of frost\non our keyboards\nas we desperately\ntry to pretend to be\njust chat friends\n
THE EQUALIZER ... Been waiting all game to say that
Yg deserves at least to be grammy nominated , pay attention to the way the song order goes&amp; what they tell you , i used to hate him
If you don't work for it , you don't get it . PERIOD .
Just said that I miss New York.
SUBSTITUTION: Brooklyn's Sean Gardner enters the game for Yannick Diese
Cold showers are the best when you hot af
We took a break so you rode his dick because it's ok we wasn't homies or nothing
That moment when someone sends you a message with an emoji but you can't see it because you got a bum ass phone
crazy shits been going down at my house lately
The best part of the finals isn't the Game it's my tl after cause niggas got these photoshop jokes on point
I fucking love 4th of july fuck this rain
Someone give me plans for tm
Israel begins to target terror sites in Gaza following rocket attacks today.
sun on my back it's a nice day
Things aren't gonna be the same . Just know that .
Hallelujah these fire Marshall and investigators are leaving early make my job easier
SOOOO PROUD OF MY role models I knew this day would come and it finally did! I hope to grow up like you!
Visions while on lean getting it so dirty but my record still clean
Day suddenly interrupted by phone displaying giant picture of because Google
\"daria what's in your backpack\"\n\"clothes and alcohol\"\n\"okay as long as you're honest have fun\"
goooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllllll USA USA
Manu can slam it!!
Damn I wanna makeout wit a girl
Wish I had a fucking car so I could do something tonight
When Belt &amp; Pagan comeback, I really hope the team can remain healthy for the 2nd half
holy shit i spent hella in vegas.
Obviously niggas ain't want to hear that girl singing lol
SPEEDY IS HAVING A HEART ATTACK MY POOR BABY
Wish I wasn't in school rn so I could get laid
If your gonna be dumb you gotta be tough
I would have bunted Jaso. Get coco to 3rd to set up a better chance at a run. Hate that the rarely bunt.
I hate * lol
$ hookerniam $ ur header is so so hot !
So much respect for tourist that take the bus
Just wanna watch 22 jump street
Dios gracias por crear La Comida &lt;3
It still bother me &amp; it bothers me that it still bothers me.
I've never been more scared of anything in my life
I need to learn the difference between being bored &amp; eating or actually being hungry.
IT HAPPENED IT UCKINFNSKDKFKSDKFG I'm CRYIGNSJSKD
Say yes say yes cause I need to know
I don't get y bitches with nappy hair don't rock a curly afro like
So u telling me Heller huffed it back to the sidelines fast enough to avoid that hell-fire missile?
yes yes I'm about to get some lapdances from Brazilian men
it's always sunny in philadelphia marathon by myself starting.. now
MESSIII!! ON TARGET! :D :D
Fuck I am probably a bully myself
Sometimes I wish I still got high all the time everyday, but then reality sets in and I think \"thank god I stopped getting high\"
BREAKING NEWS: Experts confirm that life is still really fucking complicated. Film at 11.
Ramazan basliyormus farkinda degiliz ... Banane
Im not even close to being tired
Beach time tomorrow and I cannot wait
My talent for figuring out celebrity voice-overs has hit a new high upon seeing the Oreo Mini commercial and knowing it was Chromeo.
WHO SAID KELLY JOHNSON DONT RIP! \n\n
don't criticize your friends
Goal in the first minute!!!!!
Their screaming fans are giving me anxiety
That deserved a card come on ref
attending the premiere with an amazing -
It's come to the point where my parents are forcing me to be social by taking my electronics away
Chris Rock is a fool! LOL!
Soccer players have the baddest bitches that's not even a debate all the star players girl bad as hell
Anyone got any avicii tickets for sale
It's a solid feeling having professional support while giving back. What's better than that?
Lord Jesus. Sitting and sweating. This ain't right,
should have went to school for barbering
I love boys who have the guts to tell a girl in person they look pretty
In 12 hours this shit will be over.
Furman grads today: Dempsey killin it at World Cup, Stubb becoming Finnish PM, and I polished off chicken tenders AND spinach dip just now.
. . . . . . . i can't leave thee house until it's over .
If these niggas ain't got tha golden stick then I don want itttttt
For those of you who can't attend the We Love fundraiser tonight you can paypal donations katestayalive.com
Ryan's fuck ass Mexican wifi is killing my vibe rn
Dear \nIf you're going to bring hateful signs to , at least spell your words correctly. It's \"dyke\" not \"dike.\"
Listening to Pink Floyd in the East Village buzzed.
Emmanuel Ginobli is a beast
We drive too fast we get too loud
Chicharito this is your moment to prove the haters wrong.
\"Trust Sleepy's for the rest of ur life\" is the most perfect slogan\/jingle
There's a select group of people whose snapchat stories I actually watch.
A little imagination is all it takes
Esperaba mucho mas de esta seleccion argentina!
Enough Is Enough I'm Done Mentally And Physically
Iont smoke or drink &amp; I dont pop pills. Im just high off life.
Ginobili is walling
Fuck the \"traditional Chinese medicine\" market
if you hate how much eyebrow piercings look on guys don't fuck with me, please.
Make it hot for meee drop dat oh oh
Supposed to wake up in 4 hours for spin class and I can't sleep. Great.
I hope my brother's baby doesnt come out ugly.
This is the beginning of a scary movie
Good music and a view I can look at all day long. Love going home by train.
.not that bad, luckily. No scalp damage. I promise I'll shoot you guys a tweet series later to explain
\"I kinda like her to have hair.\"-
Drinking that water. If you know what I mean.
\"Boys like that don't exist\" is not a true statement. If he's not YOUR idea of perfect, don't settle.
Don't call me Malcolm if you didn't fuckin know me then
Why do I do this crap to myself
Fuck this man. Ima finish my pizza
I'm just trying to party like crazy ha
Tim howard is a stud
Whelp now I'm broke.
The real question is would I survive without in my life? Probably not.
.When U look at that logo of that stereotypical NDN image and you HAIL TO THAT REDSKIN you are insulting every native alive
Can't wait for this Germany vs France game
Time for NHL Draft!
estoy de dieta... solo como arroz
If you don't put chips on your burger you're missing out
for this game!!
I really need to finish reading TFIOS because I want to see the movie so badly
It's my birthday and everyone will be celebrating w\/fireworks. My dad told me that when I was 4 y\/o and I still believe it at 84! HB America
Bruh I don't think anybody understands how emotional 's \"You\" makes me.
My snapchat is acting hella stupid
What do I have to do to be a zeggle
O eres fuerte o buena suerte.
Let's see if this nigga is a real nigga and really pulls up to hold me
\"Go hug him again and pat him on the head and tell him you're there for him\"
kapan ya adele bikin album baru:')
I wish they would stop talking about the !
'humans are stupid. im ashamed to be human.' - my angel, kurt cobain.
I just ate my second bowl of strawberry shortcake today
Are yoy happy I tagged you ?
how does one lose a book.
This game is going to be top class
The US is outplaying Portugal right now. Plain and simple. They deserve to win this game.
just had an hour long screaming crying rampage and threw out everything in my room
If you ever see me turn down some pussy, it's prolly because the girl is on some crazy shit
daqui a pouco retribuioo unfollow
je vais regarder dr house
Is it closing time yet? Tomorrow's game day!
Was nobody else on my feed pulling for ???? Come on now.
That did not look good.
I think now Duncan, Coach Pop and Manu hang it up after tonight go out on top
Dempsey !! Holy shit !!
Magnificent Messi scores, that was a beauty 2 0
Everytime I listen to i have my own dance party
Ia was so I love . And all that just went a
Sarah does not understand the seriousness of leg day
Don't treat people who don't deserve to be treated special like they are !
1 0 for the greatest nation already
EL y yo quedamos mejor como amigos, panitas
All of the 530\/916 invited to Cassidy's going away bonfire at starbend
Someone please come to Brooklyn and give me a piggy back ride to my bed
Charging my phone in anticipation of the
Thinking your butt has already improved after one day of squats lol
I got to body surf today &amp; i didn't catch 1 FREAKING WAVE
just how many times does Steam have to run Microsoft DirectX Redist Package, god damn lmao
It ain't nothin to cut that bitch off
I dont even have time to watch tv anymore
My man tommy sunshine and his wife just retweeted me, those two are living the life
I wanna move out and have a puppy and an apartment and forget about my worries for a while
I need it yu need it we both feenin I guess that's our agreement
Is 12:22 and I can't sleep
SF is back to normal after a crazy weekend.
I think am Ganna go back to school I really want to so bad
OF COURSE THE PHOTOS ARE UPLOADED WHEN I'M AT THE GROCERY STORE AND I DONT HAVE THE WEBSITE OR PASSWORD
Ever get so tired of trying cuz it seems like nothing ever works , that you ultimately decide to just sit there in your misery and accept it
Alright, all the stars minus Rooney have taken care of business. CR7 &amp; Schweinsteiger, you're up next.
can't believe bron bout to lose
Too juiced to not be the DD tmrw...Ima act up heh
Literally every time man. Don't laugh at me ryan. Now I got jay on my side. Making acquaintances with the workers at the party lol
Everyone loves being single until 2am come around
Scott is on his way to Disney World, but I'm drunk, listening to Ashley Tisdale and eating pretzels with hummus, so who's really winning????
RED SOX CAN YOU HOLD A LEAD, JUST ONCE?! WOULD IT KILL YOU?!
Yeah ... The truth comes out ... I'm a hot-linker ... So what
\"The silence from you is killing me\"
\"We don't have to be ordinary, make your best mistake.\"
The storm is making me think of Degausser by Brand New
Goal in the first 30 seconds!!!! U.S. Might actually have a chance
I have crooked eyes somedays... Today is one of those days
Hm this nail salon is playing some ultraviolet Chinese horror movie
I just got high for like 4 seconds idk how
I will never understand why girls have to be so fucking dramatic
Finally made it here. So where's my fucking bed so I can sleep already?
Making me feel out of place .
Nothin like a party where fabolous is blasting on the speakers
Thats all I wanna go back to
Gol de Ibisevic y se avecina un entretenido final
I'd rather have experiences than tangible things
Between Leo's acting and Max Richter's \"on the nature of daylight\" I am overwhelmed every time !
Meeting the transparent canvas of infinite possibility and potential. What would the personality be of such a being? Absolutely incomparable
Both teams are just so awesome so while I'm sad for Virginia I'm also happy for Vandy on their first cws
It's time for women to stop calling each other whores and sluts..
If Twitter account refuses to help customers, what's the point of the account? Seriously.
Mr and breana really discussing our shift tomorrow hahaha
Michael went ghost. But he's still alive. I KNEW IT I KNEW IT I KNEW IRKGZLGZLHDLHDKGSKSGXGKKXHDLHHLD
I guess that's the glory of being twenty something. Just going with the flow and following where life takes you
I'm still amazed that I got an A on Mrs. White's final exam
James Franco is going to be 0.6 miles from my house today and Tim won't go with me to see him at 7 :(. I just want one picture!!!!
can these beezyner shut the fuck up
First Mexico now the Giants... Its disappointing...
I'll listen and help anyone but if I give you advice and you go against what I say or not even try dont ask me to help no more.
Even though I want to knock his head off his shoulders !
the fact it said pterodactyl i lost it.
I remember black skies, the lightning all around me
my brothers make me want to kms holy shit they're so annoying
Messi with the goal
People just come and go, and life goes on...
HBD to a super cool kid
omg my new kotori wig is perfect i hope i can make it to the imgathering ;;;
Portugal's goalie does not even know what happened
96 degrees and I'm not at the beach whyyyy
Left school and learned more. Rehab then burned more.
Idk what ima do next year so many good girls with nice asses coming in but so many leaving
BITE THE SON OF A BITCHES
My dad always wears Hawaiian shirts and my mom is always taking pictures whenever we go out....basically tourists
Omggg i just noticed that evan peters was in phil of the future all this timee :o
.quit adding classic rnb hits to all of my spotify playlists
Black bathing suit bottoms will cause your ass to feel like it is on fire
No one likes a kiss ass
I'm not the same thats all I can say.
Dude you cray cray.
COACH SPELLED MY NAME WRONG LOL HOW
Between Cali and Nevada
but here you wearing that, already know what I'm staring at
I only have one life\nAnd I only wanna live it with you\nI wanna sleep where you sleep\nConnect with your soul
wtf I hear 2 dogs in my backyard
porque no tu
1 nil my friend
Wish I had an older bro
Iced coffee.. \": Ice coffee..\"
I like you way more than I should, I want you way more than I should
I can't get over how great the Little Dragon concert was last night
Laying here is the most comfortable thing I can do
My niece's head not is tough!
just went in the shower and there was a BEE FLYING AROUND........No why do bad things happen to good people
Today is seriously the slowest day of work. No one is here
In the midst of explaining why pomegranates freak her out, lois says \"yo his fro is real\" during Cameroon v. Croatia
it doesn't have to be a snowman....
tell me baby is it crazyyyy
Oh god, and the trip begins. In a half hour I'll be seeing shit again
I don't know what's more trash, Josue's roasting skills or the bike he took to BP. :o
What is up with my O C Housewives? Can't we just be grateful for what we have. Life brings enough drama!!! Please ladies...
is amazing... So much heart. I need to buy the soundtrack. Once again hits it out of the park
Excited to see where exum ends up. Hope he lives up to the hype..
My dad told me I need to stay out late tonight because he knows I have no social life lol
AND I saw Tracee Ellis Ross!
Still In the bed you knoe ;)
I stack chips.. This is what I do... Run thru divas, give em to my crew
Eville for the night then a little golfing with da boyz in the mornin
\"toma toma tu merecido Bosnia\" JAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAA
Can I get that follow back or nah ? Is you about to do it or nah ?
Being away made me forget about everything and it felt so good
My littlest sister is one of those \"are we there yet\" kids... Does that forest look like our driveway? No
LET'S GET IT!
dont fucking worry about what i'm doing, how many times i eat, or how late i stay out with my bf, worry about your fucking self
Tired from dunking on Danny and Aj all day today
Can't wait for this party though!
I hate having a bunch of messages on my phone . I delete all messages every morning.. Even if I talk to you daily .
America: land of the free, home of the brave.
By the winter I want to be pulling up in something nice
Any girls wanna be my pit mechanic at the races this weekend?
I ate a lot of Gouda today
No me gusto el nuevo trailer para The Hunger Games.
Summer is my new favorite song.
May 2014 was the Hottest May in the 130 yrs. of record keeping.
Jon Snow, my knight in shining armor!
She said she wanna make a twerk video, baby I'm tha camcorder
We own this game
NAVAS THIS IS ALLLLLLL YOU BABY DO YOUR THING WE CAN WIN THIS LETS GO TICOSSSSS!!!
That ESPN commentator shd be sacked he doesn't no anything about soccer.
The things I would do for one more night at Nickel Beers with the boys...
Vou cuidar da minha fic que eu ganho mais.
I don't have all the time in the world damn....
Maybe I now I'll be fine. Accepting things for what it is.
Yo I love the do not disturb option
I wish I really meant it when I say \" it's fine \"
Okay I'm a science freak, if there's evidence then I believe it lmao
I was suppose to be home by now
Well that was quick !!!
Flex Green is a To3 need 1 to fulfill the slaying role for our squad
I hop in the industry ima try to fuck all these female singers lmao
Lo mas curioso es que cuando fui a pedir la cita medica el vigilante dijo:\n-Y eso les pasa por votar por \"SANTOS\".\nX(
YEAHHHHHHHHHAHIMRJOBFJKVR USA! DEMPSEY
Who needs pre workout when you could just go to the gym pissed off instead
Thiaaaaaaaax la degg lmaooo
I'm actually quite excited, but as of right now I just wanna work hard to get there
gonna be honest here I'd be down as fuck to have asap rocky's babies
Please I want this more then anything
My nephew is gone I have no idea why I'm still watch the chipmunks movies lol
it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off
We are the inventors of the future. There is no one with the same ideas as us.
Bosh lowkey got posterizer
My lower back is so soar rn
SEND CHLOE THE GAY CHART
I remember when I was younger, my grandpa made me promise I'd never date middle eastern or black guys. Turns out, the jokes on him.
Congratulations, party on Costa Rica! \n
All us feminists can ask is to be 81 years old, like the Ruth Bader Ginsberg, &amp; still be fighting the hard but fucking important fight
Did a lot of shit jus to live this here lifestyle .
Lord please tell me this man isn't trying to spit game at the bill collector please
Ahhhhhh I called that!!!!!
im at this grad party and i need a drink
Who else just started singing ocean avenue?
It's a lovely Long Island day, so why am I on the 6:39 train going to work. Ugh!
I'm so upset with you that i'm not going to like your instagram picture.
I can't believe it's not butter!
Tacos and beer all day
Chris rock is straight snapping right now
Didn't even have time to blink before we scored !!!
nudzi mi sie bardzo
I wanna wrap or paint my helmet, but I need a good theme hmmmm
There are some things that you just can't learn in school, like a good lesson
Photograph by Ed Sheeran is perfect
Praying mom wont cancel our dinner plans for tomorrow. Those Bronx Dominican restaurants sounds so good right now.
I'll land at about 5 or 6 am
Second day of work, first full day. Yesterday went pretty well, hopefully today will be as good or better
Call me what you want but I call myself the Don
I used to zig zag part my hair :\/\/
And you'll be sorry that you messed with the U S of A, cuz we'll put a boot in your ass, its the American way
No more coffee? Oh no!
This chick is so mad at this gate agent for ripping up her ticket. What a dumby.
I really just fuckin cried
going to remove my own tonsils in about 5 fuckin seconds
\"I just want to interact with your dick for a sec :) as a friend though :)\"
*lets be into a girl with a boyfriend and that wants nothing more than friendship with you*
Lol some people are way too cocky like it's okay once in a while but all the time is just too much
You'll end up real disappointed when you go through life thinking people have the same heart as you.
Nani you greedy fuck pass the ball !!!!
I'm late but who cares bc it's 730.
I think I liked everyone's Father's Day pictures on insta today lol. Some of you some hot ass dads, damn.
in the house! at game!
Lowkey wanna play in the world cup really bad
What is this Li Na rumor? Retirement?
I should be sleeping I have to wake up early tomorrowwww
The boredom is kicking in.
.prize goes to Last Night!
Baby Gareth should be waking up any minute now.
push my penis in between her lap
I've always loved but know that I found out we share the same birthday love her even more haha
Last night's main event was a cure for insomnia
This cornucopia of twists is fucking confusing ....not just bc I'm drunk
Happy 4th of july to everyone especially all the people who put they lives on the line everyday for us huge s\/o to my lil sis 23yrs deploy
I want dunkcan to get mvp
I could go for some ralphs
See my at SF Gay Pride. Look for more videos coming soon. May get lucky with a cumshoot.
Love falling asleep to the sound of pouring rain
I would change the channel now but I'm worried the moment I turn something good on he would wake up
I feel you,\n\nOr like I want to.
This game is so nerve racking
New Yorkers gotta have the rudest people in America I swear.
On and on my nuts I'm palming, take 2 of these and call me in the morning
aca recien vine del liceo , me voy hacer un cafe q tengo un ofrii jjaj
such a plot twist that brandon williams goes for gingers
idk how people eat fast food daily or drink sodas all day.
Ana me robo 20 pesos y mi canguro
Am I really hearing roosters at 330 in the morning???
These dudes can't even kick corners, got niggas taking shots and ending up in the top stands smh
It's also birthday today.. HOW NEAT IS THAT?? Hope it's a great one bud!
Idk why I believed it would be better
parents: you STILL have homework? me: YOU HAVE NO IDEA
what's with blonde girls falling in love with their brothers
Too late to buy in the $GPRO stocks?
i only got up and it started hurt.
Bitches getting carded
Everyone wants to smoke but nobody actually goes through with it. Tf wrong with you fools it's free bud
Summer is here. Id love to put the 5\/4\/3 wetsuit 5 mill gloves and 7 mill boots on right now and surf a good wave
Woke up from my nap thinking it was the morning time
Still not sure why I try so hard to do good things for people...Apparently I have a heart all of a sudden
Good thing I didn't buy a Neal jersey
I like to listen to corridors sometimes when I'm blown lol
Already bruised my shoulder because of these heavy bags. But hopefully this is the last time I will have to do this. :)
Checking out Pomona w\/ &amp; Carissa
I like how N.E.P.T.R. and Bmo hang.
I just want to rock all night long out the spot light on ya
Its gonna be the party of the yearrrrr
Fml!!!!!!! I'll be 28 when the next World Cup comes again!!!
It would be like a puzzle tryna put you back togetha
I Want you too Fill this Gap
Stevie J is a good friend for this.
life doesn't seem right now that pride is over
But inside I'm treading waters, steady tryna swim ashore
I think it shoud be the other way around tho RT\": imma beat ur pussy up\"
Starting my second job tomorrow
Haha this psycho ex-girlfriend is STILL trying to stalk my Instagram.. I denied her twice and 4 of her friends..
kuini hellla funny ! even im in a bad mood
Walk it off Clint
I ain't the type of nigga to care bout relationships
Take you down another level and get you dancing with the devil.
\"Jennifer important! I just said buttsnacks!\" Babysitting is so informative
If you show 0 interest in your kid's life and hit them if they try to share their millions of thoughts with you, then you shouldn't be a mom
thats not even bad tho at least you know she aint gonna run from the dick \"How you fuck 6 new dicks in one year and you not a hoe?\"
painting my face the american flag again if usa makes it to the round of 16
I need to break something now
I'm never sour I'm just smokin somethin much louder
Oh so nuhbady naa tell me weh mi miss? Sym den
Argentina is killin it!!!
Trying to find a job for the summer
This bitch is hit. Ashley looks like a gopher
GUYS MAKE SURE TO VOTE 20 TIMES EACH FOR FOR
The Portland Trail Blazers might just win the NBA championship in 2015!
Sundays about To go from really frickin awesome to not so awesome real quick..
if you check my tweets from two weeks ago nd even a snapchat from last week...my mom is a heat fan
I just want to sit in a pool with a drink in my hand.
3rd wheelin it turned into 5th wheelin it... I think I need a boothang
Bixler in disco is closed off there's a big house fire over there
If you don't wanna be judged then why you doin the stuff your doin
I absolutely hate girls idk how much more I could stress that. Catty pathetic people
The worst part about SF Pride is that none of the tourists understand that there's a cue area to get a drink.
I'm dying to go to PNC park this year
Thanks , now that my flight to Rio had to de-plane because of mechanical errors so we can bored anything... Where's our credit?
Forgot my phone at home for but IM STILL TWEETIN
THIS GAME IS STRESSING ME OUT
Although maybe less press will help Flowers. Struck me as more of a shadower. Not dissimilar to Dennard.
Bitch at my job talkin shit about me like my manager wasn't gonna tell me ... Bye bitch now you're fired !
The new clips for the opening song are sickk
El truco de ser buena amiga es estar en las malas primero antes que en los triunfos y guardar un secreto como si fueras una tumba!
I know you suck about 10 dicks a day and still have a bf but thats none of my business
Is she suppose to be cute or something? I don't get why she's taking all these pictures
It's actually stupid how hungry I am right now
Wouldn't be half the person I am if not for the gay men in my life. I don't see my rights as any more important than theirs
Grandma forcing me to eat right after eating.
That show about virgins looks good lol
He's got the while world in his hands.
Broken nose not broken heart
your header is a NO NO .
Howard's seriously AMAZING!!! Good for him
I would do literally do anything else than work in the restaurant business at this point.
no question Cher is the best tweeter
I'm so impressed with the job Roger Federer is doing for the US team.
Um, I don't want to seem pretentious, but I hated soccer WAYYYY before the World Cup
God her stylist always knows exactly what to put on her.
WHO WRITES THE SCRIPTS?!?!?
put your shirt back on, nobody wanna see that
I just taught Ashley how to twerk, a plus me
There are so many times that dan scott should have died
just tryna watch a scary movie and sleep
UH FUCK!! Altidore is done for the tourneys
On a scale of one to how free are you tonight?
I'm reading tons of negative things about the textbook rentals.. This is making my nervous..
\": Reunited w\/ \" I ship you two with
Ohhhhhh shit! Ashanti is about start shit!
Gooooaaaalllll in the first 30 secs!!
I pray chris workin today, I need a cut RIGHT. NOW.
do you ever want to just drive?
This place is called Smoketree Lane holy fuck is this some subliminal message about the residents here?
Who wants to walk home with me tomorrow
Drove on the thruway for the first time
Watching on Big Brother at Frankie's apartment...which he is not at...because he's on Big Brother.
Oh my GOOOOOOOAL!!!!
What a start for what a shot by Dempsey
Hold the door for her, then slap her ass on the way out
Tried to swipe left on Instagram because I thought I was on tinder. I need help
\": You can always tell us! And then we'll ask you -- how spicy do you want your curry?\" What!? Lmao!
\": What's better: pizza or pie?\" Pizza is a pie so this question is irrelevant
Wow Teen Wolf is all over the place right now. Super confused
North Carolina is currently suffering from the damage of Hurricane Arthur so to everyone from there, stay strong you'll get back your losses
Steadfast GOP members will forever have a problem with immigrants.... Fucking racist Assholes!!
Christiano Ronaldo. Nooooooooob
Should have just went with my gut feeling. my bad.
MY DAD PHOTOGRAPHED ALL OF ISSUES TODAY BACKSTAGE
I can't fuck with no men that can't help me with shit what else can you provide beside dick and a headache
Hypedddd, heading to L&amp;B Spumoni Gardens for the old man's birthday tonight. Let the food coma commence
This weekend will be epic!!!
And I know it's not like the main point of the movie but Leo's tie game is so peculiar. Look like my pediatricians
Young money loved my soul
Dear \/, enjoy this Gary Oldman interview. I'm sure I'll hate everything you have to say, negating his ignorance with your own.
I dont understand how people cheat either.
Music is the cute for a lot of things
Wondolowski should replace Altidore
Happiness comes with patience I guess
I'm rude. Wow yea sooo true look in the mirror babe. Before you cast a stone know where its going!
Turn your read off I don't wanna see when you read it for gods sake...
That was my dream guy you guyzz
My daughter hyper this belly just jigging
The Game Is Over !! RT : Did LeBron James check out of this game?
Bought some jelly beans from the gift shop. Channeling Reagan.
Bumpn to some 50 its only right since im out hea lol
This is the worst migraine I've ever had. Had to pull over.
Hell yea mom packed me string cheese for lunch, life is a beautiful thing
First Cameron spam, now Shawn spam. WHEN WILL IT END?!?
...by your (so called prophets and prophetess of God) lying to My people who listen to lies?
What the fuck they numb my leg for so fucking long for
- you broke uo with my bro . Not cool man. Na but you cool .
Thought i'd come home to change and go out but plans changed the second I sat in my bed and remembered how much I love sleep
Altidore. *America gasps*
Ashley just locked me in my bathroom and turned out the lights and said I can't come out until morning
Nas' Pulitzer Prize line... Let's just say it sounds different now.
Boredd as a motherfucker
France versus Germany on ? These programmers have quite the sense of humor.
The U.S would be lucky to tie this game.
A big goal from Andre ties it at 8
I'm not even bilingual I just watch ch.34 for the loud announcer
I bought a bra today that cost more than my cell phone and I'm not joking
There's a very real chance that I hate soccer season more than football season... Why all of the sudden does everyone give a fuck?
The drive back is seriously taking dock days
\": i wanna do somethin tonight but I'm in California lol jokes on u\"
Me voy a calmar, ya estoy quedando como el peor
Cleaning with a HeadChange is Fun,\nLol
My man Jones always comes to play!!
let's hope this summer is better
Applications are an overwhelming affair.
really don't want to go out tonight but I'm the only one of my friends wit a car so if I don't nobody can hit this party smh
I don't think the lady in front of me has ever been through a drive thru ... Or she just doesn't function well in general
west 40th street: assaulted by such an atrocious variety of smells and fumes that i instantly develop a fatal sinus infection and collapse
Neha playing match maker lmfao argh
WTF THATS NOTHING
One of the best decisions I've made is going to sleep before 12
The thing that gets me through Mondays....BACHELORETTEE
C Dubz just kissed my ear, let my birthday begin
Lol sum got ugly ass kids but some cute haha
My girlfriend is F'n crazy lol
sorry but good LORD this is the UGLIEST stadium I've EVER seen. Looks like when they upgraded Newpark Mall in 1994
Wow! Dempsey! USA!!!
Although I like the whole hand holding thing now .. it's cute lol
Got to stay high all my life to forget I'm missing you oooohhhh ohhhh
HOLY SHIT USA JUST WON THE WORLD CUP OMG REJOICE THE BRITISH ARE COMING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL
I need a hot jewish girl in my life
Year in Review at the AHLA annual conference
I hate when people think they can treat you however they want.
This girl is so fucking ugly it's not even funny.
Oh my god Messi is soo amazing!! His one goal in 3 World Cups is sooo great. He's the best ever
I always wanna eat at night
You let this world just have its waaayyy
If you ain't find something to die for you ain't fit to live.
I miss you baby!!!!
Costa Rica is giving me a heart attack!!
Boy who is this nigga \"Rasheed\"and why does he want me to catch a case
Thanks to the organization team; it was fantastic! Good sessions, people and lot of fun!
Cardio is kickin my ass right now! I'm so tired I can't move. And there's like one other person here lol
Messi just did a messi
That shipping shit ain't funny you little bitches
Anybody know where I can find a SnapBack that says SWAG on it??
If she uses the stair master like a dancing pole. She not there to work out, she's there to get n*ggas.
The sound of rain against the windows is such a perfect thing.
Oy because USA is going to win though.
Dog I cannot wait for this match. Restless already.
How bad of an idea is it to shower in a thunderstorm
Having the entire house to myself everyday is everything needed
Making fried Oreos again because they're just that good.
Actually didn't look like a wildebeest today, guess you can say I'm feelin myself
If were here I wouldn't be sitting here by myself watching tv
if your read receipt is off then i suggest you turn that shit on before you text me you sneaky motherfuckers
Pledge of allegiance to the nation of pump
so this didn't fuggin start at 7.... fashionably late is an understatement
Tomorrow is TUESDAY and All Patients 55+ Receive 10% off their purchase! Stop by and see what we have to offer you!
I'm more than enough company for myself.
Shut the fuck up its 750 in the morning theres no need to burst through my door and be a cunt mom
Fear the Dreads. Jones!!!!!!
Literally just ate 3 pickles because I was so hungry and pickles are great..
it's a good feeling to have someone in your life who isn't shady and actually cares
When niggas be like \" I used to talk to her \" lol no bitch all we did was text , never chilled , never did nothing , why lie ?
I'm so excited for Bianckas and it's not even July yet. Lol.
Why am I watching soccer this is so boring is hockey back yet??
last tweet cc THIS IS HAPPENING
\": My dad sittin here disgusted with the Heat lmaooo\" mine too LMAO
hi my name is ronnie. im an addict.
How long is graduation rehearsal gonna be ??
HE CANT PLAY ANYMORE
Never forget the stank face be safe kid
Ang is trying to turn me into a girly girl, nah not gonna happen
So annoyed man. Now my eyes are dry af smfh
some gay guy came up to me ln and asked me to give him a blow job...
It's horrible, one little evening alone at home, I end up with carpal tunnel syndrome :-( and here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
it blows my mind how some people are so selfish
Theres no \"in between\" on tinder. Its either the guy is extremely good looking or repulsively unattractive...
Is it bad I kinda don't wanna do anything?
Only certain people can call me by my middle &amp; get away with it.... It's a short list, my Ace is one of them !!!!!!!
When you are a subscriber to a channel on YT because of great content and all of a sudden they decide to upload more vlog content smh :(
always wondering what hes thinking about
They have mini model tents in sports authority and I asked what they were for. Nothing says regret like being an idiot
I honestly loose my make up bag every single day
the bearded guy directly behind home plate at yankee game tonight...
Everyone follow SHES SO CLOSE TO 1K AND TOMORROW IS HER BIRTHDAY!!!
I get to drive on the highway next week
It's over for the matching sweat suits
someone come over and smoke a lot of weed with me !!!!!!!!!! please !!!!!!!!!!!
20 minutes till midnight and I've already downed a whole bottle of kool aid, is that bad?
kind of wanna go to the pool today
Hate that song but respect him lol
Drank too much water and Julio is kneading his paws right on my darn stomach
Down goes ! Should've been a sweep but well take it. This was good for basketball and the NBA
Bears + Tank Tops + Major Side Boob =
Alright now I woke up 30mins early to hear this interview ...I hope angie don't give politically correct answers I want the truth
If I creep on someone's account Twitter follows them for me how bout no
\"Money can't buy your love because it's over priced\"
I'm not a jealous man but females lieeeeee
Work done. Now party time with my girl
I can't take all this snoring coming from these girls
Shoutout to for his great snapchat story
Teen Wolf is back. And they got to DJ! That's dope!
Cool Marla. Hide the fuckin hairspray
You'd be amazed how accurate the Loudest pop to Douchebag ratio is.
I am going to be surrounded by all my favorites this weekend and that's how I'll make it through.
Off to a good start.
Is it racist if i say everyone on the Ghana team looks the same
When I can't sleep, elephants always come to my mind. Fucking elephants.
Dammmnnnn they shit'n brick right now
Ill be around waiting for you, put it down, be the woman for you
-chas voice- having a face is so much work. id rather be slender man
Just want to be the old Gary, who use to get everybody fucked up, and higher than shit
Mad I couldn't make it to church this morning I really had the mind set of going but I was too lit I couldn't even get up
Sammy Fucking Watkins and Sammy Fucking Reinhart. If they're anything like Sammy Shaquille Gallivan was... My dear lord were in for a treat.
WOW JONES WOWWWWW SLOTTED THAT LASER FAR RIGHT
Tell me that you love me when you know you don't love but I guess it's all good
The fufu lame shit
Remember the time when I hung out with someone who was rolling last night and they slept more than I did because I didn't sleep
But this guy stu at frito named a Sunday morning shit after me because I take then often he said \"I had to take a Plumitallo\"
I told my mom that I'd get rid of the balloons when I get bored and I think it's getting to that point.
I want chocolate
wow nice hydraulics \nI hope you fall off
hmm so im thinking of buying myself a present for my bday. . im thinking of the xbox one and a tv lol
She right, i gotta fix shit
Every lady in the world need at least one brother in there life
I will find the fuck out and I will get the fuck upset.
Everything i do epic.
Bruh you actually don't understand how silky smooth and soft my legs are at the moment
Hurts my soul that two bags of groceries just amounted to $41
Army Infantrymen speaking Spanish -- to each other -- in an airport (obviously in uniform) both baffles and terrifies me.
LETS FUCKING GO JONES IS A FUCKING TANK
Anybody wanna share what they're doing for a rained out fourth? ... Cause I have no idea what to do
Had to wake up every 4 hours and fix my tubi
Ok I have to stop tweeting now people are looking at me.
Contemplating finishing this Portugal should easily be able to beat the US sorry, sue me
everything in my life is dying- phone, laptop, ps3 controller. goodbye world.
absolutely not fair.
it wasn't so bad til we closed at literally nothing had been started..
I can't believe that black face was a thing at one point in time
Karlie is toooo old to be doing all this gossiping
need someone to feed me while I drive cus this just isn't working out for me
\"Were the kids that play our music higher than we are\"
:( :( :(
best. idea. ever. : Dear House GOP: Just yield all your time to Trey Gowdy from now on.
I never thought i'd be stranded on the side of a road
Moms wearing a dress and wedges when we came to the park to exercise...wtf
think imma give samsung a try since i have no luck with apple
I hate when somebody tried to talk to you and you just don't. want. to.
Even the nicest people have their limits
At least babe made my bad day 10x better
THAT FIRE FOX COUNTER WAS DOPE
That moment when old drunk ladies request that you take your clothes off O_o
Had not one, but two bad experiences yesterday - really disappointing since they're usually so great!
his larger than life 6-11 299lbgirlfriend,who wears an Nelson UConn jersey around the meadow while cleaning up the scraps 2feed her fat face
I just want to know if I'm good enough or not
