30 seconds WTF !!!!! Go USA
Retweet jesy fans Little Mix
Funny how one person can ruin your whole night
When you don't win, it's a write off towards some future win.
Volleyball starts tomorrow and I'm fucking siked
So that's how it's gonna be.
Congrats to Martin Kaymer Champion
iWatch? We don't even need watches anymore, its purely a fashion thing, hopefully it'll be sexy.
Fuck you with an umbrella, open it up while it's inside You
Why am I craving a steak
IM SICK OF THE KIA PREMATCH, I JUST WANT THE GAME TO START
If I'm having a bad day I have no one to talk to about it or even a good day.
i just wana take pictures n leave
Congrats to for progress in all areas
You'd say I'm sorry believe me I love you, but not in that way
Just thinking about things and getting annoyed,why do people do the things they do?
You niggas are something else man
I forgot how fucking hot mr delvecchio is omfg
The moment you can't find you bathing suit bottoms&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Uh are Nick's shoelaces untied?
Why do women idolize Marilyn Monroe? She was mentally ill, depressed, adulterous, a prize idiot, and OD'd on drugs. What a role model
I wish would beat the shit out of
sooo when is oitnb season 3 coming out bc I've already finished season 2...
Go back to school tatted like wiz lol
Can someone come lay under the stars with me orrrr?
Someone had an hour sleep cause of me oops
Costa rica congratss you won my heart
He's out fighting fires digging lines on an airplane and all and snap chatting me lol
y are you in my house
Mad men is so good it kills me
I'll just take a nap &amp; then study for American
Ya me apuran los momentos, ya mi sien es un lamento
...slowly, then all at once.
Can't you just pretend to be nice
Lol if a nigga tried to suck my toes imma kick him in his face , tf typa freaky shit he on ?
I want to sit on a kitchen counter in my underwear at 3 am with you and talk about the universe.
Bat ganun na dismaya ako sa new york. Parang taft lang.
On me if u a good looking girl and you a thot you not a bad bitch I don't care if u look bad it's more too it lol
\": I'm Thai so pasta with butter and cheese won't do for me ka\" somtam. Geng het. kaowniaw. Your welcome. Lol
\"No I want the other one\" - D\n\"You can't, that's the new Netflix logo\" - me\n\"We have rights!\" - D
Shepherds pie? I am not Irish enough for this bullshit where the fuck is my chicken parm ...
Im high up on the line u can get behind me, but my head so big u can't sit behind me.
Why does no one wanna drink tn nd go out wtf you all suck
Having my last Carrabbas meal with
Swimming felt so good last night
\": i've never seen someone as high as was last night\" lmao
7268 7268 7268 7268 7268 7268 7268 7268
Like you stole it RT : RT : Sometimes you gotta beat it up doe
Just a few more tats before im tumblr material.
There are no ups drop boxes open today??? Just went to 3 in manhattan
I really burned myself yesterday =\/\nwhats good to use for when you scar after a burn?
I'm gonna be at my pool everyday that I don't work and idc what my mom says lol
Team is dead tired and exhausted from the heat. Fresh legs needed
Small asian running rampant. Only other asian I see is my mom
My grandma went tuff on cleaning my house she said she did it for my baby girl
QUE SEA EL DOMIGO YA \nQUE SERA DE FIESTA E LA POPULAR !
Tallon, don't make me curse you out.
this bitch love Ashley's ass way too much wtf kinda shit is going on
But if you don't like dark skins you are not allowed to say you like black guys.
My Spurs have done it.. Enough said!
\": whats his #\" 609 496-3699
summer school = bummy day everyday
Yeah it's cause you're a scumbag and there's absolutely nothing special about you.
Cynthia is on some good shit right now I mean this so literally
Mother's Day and Father's Day are the only times a year when everybody on social media loves their parents and their parent is the best one
Sending prayers to Mr. Kardouche, I saw him laughing &amp; smiling with his kids at the roller rink on Fathers Day, &amp; I can't imagine his pain.
I feel like today is national grammar mistakes day
fuck that love shit, I don't feel none of thattt
Totally fooled into thinking I was
I even have a USA soccer ball... But it's on the neighbors lawn -.-
How I see myself really matters
When I wake up early jennie sleeps in lol
Good news is I'm flying out to Norway tmrw!!
\"Son, father and I are going to see an opera tonight...\" \"YAS\"
Is it all the insta-likes on the pic w\/ smoke coming out of your mouth that led you to believe you encompass this supposed \"boss mentality\"?
quiero ver jugar a mi italiaa.
free people is like the exact opposite of free
I hate when I forget to fill my water bottle before I leave the house
Guys don't think they have the power to make a girl go crazy or change her mindset about men or people in general? Watch Maleficent.
AND ONCE AGAIN SONYA'S COUSIN TRIED TO FIGHT ME
Part of the List - Neyo
But fuck it I'm not even your smash buddy.
Argentina 2 - 0 Bosnia-Herzegovina
I have to go to sleep facing the wall...I've done it since I was little, it's a habit.
Hell yes Dempsey perfect start!!!
One burpee too many did me in! Lmbo
Now that we're in the game let's stay in it
I want to go fishing, have a beer, and eat a sandwich.
Snipe top chedder
Lol me and be clownin way to hard at workouts .
can i have like nine more
There's nothing more satisfying than when you're doing a set and every joke lands exactly the way you want it to
Same shit. Different Hawaiian shirt.
This is the hardest it's been to get out of bed all year
Someone check to see if Glenn is alive
is probably the best conference I've ever attended. Exceptionally well done.
creen que nos lastiman diciendo que no tenemos papel tuale, jajajajja si hasta nosotras mismas nos burlamos de eso
Congraduation wow just came up with that..genius
I'm so fucking bored but I'm not tryna leave my house
why do I have a headache
Tech N9ne , Hopsin and B.O.B all go off on that song \"Am I A Psycho\" , can't stop listening to it
cause a hoe gon be a hoe, and a bitch gon be a bitch.
At least some of these soccer players are like super attractive.
I hate soccer so I hate twitter rn
I never lie to you or anybody for that matter. So all I ask is that you return the favor. But that's asking for too much
Hopefully I get to be on the beach when the fireworks start otherwise I'll throw a fucking temper tantrum and \"accidentally\" kill my boss
That Stephen A. Smith look tho lmao
No worries. Those deals and the cap situation make a Stralman return tough.
Portrait sessions. 2-8x10' s, 4-5x7's, 8-wallet size. 3 ready to print images on a disk. 1 look 1 hour session as low as $120. Book now.
Living in an italian family consists of being forced to eat
Happy friendiversary and I can't believe it's been 4 years since 20\/20, curly hair, and OC marathons. Love you guys!
Whenever the US scores a goal, an eagle gets its wings.
Soon doctors will be able to track your spending . Sounds fishy to me .
nah lexi's ass needa get the fuck outta here, fr fr
Epale YD Ent, es mucho pedir su video de Catallena???
You know.. I think I'm coming to my senses with this. I know how it's going end..
\"Jackie i'm so proud of you, you're talking to a white boy and that is so rare for you\"
Anyone have a big ass tent i can borrow? It has to fit like 5-6 people hahaha
Your still making Facebook status bitching about me... Let's all take a moment and pray.
Sleeping with no pants on is the best feeling ever
I need $2000 to go shopping.
Someone tell me, does that little bubble that pops up when someone is texting you, does it move or am I just high as f
I literally feel so pathetic when I'm upset sometimes bc everyone makes me feel like I'm so wrong for being so sad over \"stupid shit\"
I need u right now Saturday..... In my Kanye voice
You cant understand Terrror's music without seeing them live.
Turning up like no tomorrow !!!!!!!
Bae gotta have a body like \n ) (\n(__l__)
Can't wait to get away for a couple days
Need: pancakes, bacon &amp; water.
Haadd ta takee themm tight ass pantss off
I ain't never seen an ass like that, the way you move it make me Pepe go DONG DONG DONG
There hasn't been enough ramen in my life lately.
People want to keep Nash and get a C. But they don't even want to think about Thornton who is known to play well with him
Tim Goode batting for RC Blues, not manager Tim Goode but son Tim Goode, sophomore at Woodside
Do I drink because I'm single or am I single because I drink?
Ppssh Abraham is jealous of me. Ooooohhh yeah...he envies me
Netherlands won by default today. -.-
Can I not wake up in the middle of the night for once and just sleep for eight hours straight. I'm actually exhausted
Some people literally are like nats.
Have some good ass memories at Monroe man, really not ready to say goodbye !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMERICA
There actually ARE people in this world who don't care for music and only listen to like john Legend. I know.. I know.. It hurts me too
Just wanna go back to my happy self
Im confused with snapchat......how...why...what do you do ? Lol
I hear you want somebody you can call boo I will change my name to boo and fuck around and call you
55 pitches in the 6th. C'mon SFGiants!
As a woman it is vital to have other strong women around you to build you up, encourage you, and remind you that you're fucking amazing.
Lebron was untying his shorts... You know it's bad cause he only took jersey off when he left clev. Now Miami gets the shorts
For what it's worth, I'm sorry..
My grandpa: Brandee do you still have a boyfriend?\nMe: no, he moved away. \n\nIt's been at least a year and a half since we broke up. Wtf.
Hey make sure you listen in tonight cuz ima be on with old school music such as &amp;
Just got in a fight with a megaphone and lost.....
OH MY GOD.
That's what happens when we don't have Landon Donovan....unreal. WOW!!! u should be there!
ughhhh longest 7 minutes everrr
I always have the urge to laugh at the most unexpected times
I feel like the official chipotle deliverer
I seen so many of your guys girlfriends on tinder, but thats none of my buisness tho
Esas ganas tremendas de quedarme a dormir que tengoo
\": Street Fighter&gt;&gt;&gt;\"marvel vs cap con &gt;&gt;&gt;
Nash follow me, apparently I'm to turnt for you
Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me !? Don't cha
This not eating &amp; getting Irritated quickly is not me
can't wait to move to LA after high school
'Cause I'm lonely and I wanna meet you guys ; n ;
Entonce no se apea un mismo poloche aeropostale porque si tu me dices ami que es un polo o un laco o un versacci como sea que se escriba
Sometimes I wonder if a chance was what you would really give me.
Any chance yous guys will help us reach this week\n
No no no please don't be injured Altidore
I LOVE HEARTS UPON OUR SLEEVES MORE THAN MY OWN FAMILY
I've skipped so many meals and missed countless hours of sleep because of the insane amounts of homework I've had lately
I feel like a little old lady going to bed mad early
Lemme get off this, I'm obviously not gonna get any help from here.
Fucking love it.
1st principle of society is a guarantee 2 free exercise of industry &amp; the possession of the fruits acquiredby it\" T Jefferson
I have no patience, girl I'm not a doctor.
Need a new avi , lookin small in that
i never trip off my Ex's
I see that episode 6 of is the firestarter episode.
I just don't get why I can't get tanner than what I am rn it's pissing me off
Y'all either think I'm white, a HxH dickriding fanboy, or a mean roasting nigga for no reason. Idk why, all these are false as fuck lol
Side note: this run will likely make me late for work. Hooray for zero fucks given! is much more important than work.
the REAL summer body is being fat enough so you can use your stomach as a table (-:
Hey how many god damn 30's do you need?? Why not added just ONE MORE 8x? Like 2 people on each 30!
Used to like orange cassette tapes with Timmy, Tommy, &amp; Chuckie.
Cece has hella Baes so when she talks about a \"Bae\" I gotta ask which one
Rare times when I'm soft I have good tweets
How we says it has me dying lmao
Sometimes crazy things must be done .. it's a matter of mere survival
Let's go USA!
Long moment of silence= Someone said something really stupid
I need artist on my hip for my ideas
moms afraid to find out what's next after I showed her my tat
Yo I just realized stepped his twitter game the fuck up
When I hold you I have the world in my hands
Watching the graduation episode of Boy Meets World and being sad WHEN I'M NOT EVEN GRADUATING
tava vendo a reportagem das prostitutas do brasil que tipo tem uns 15 anos,nessas horas vejo que venci na vida
\"throw her like she just stole your man\"
I want to camp out in the bed of a truck one night
All the Puerto Ricans unironically celebrating Independence Day today...
\"do no harm, but take no shit\"
I swear this nigga is a stalker bruh
The sub fav will always be my favorite
I gotta see again before summer done,i need a fix and the doctor order dat remedy!
I like when the college kids come back.
Harry styles is a real human and he has all the qualities I look for in a guy thank you for creating a beautiful person &amp; Anne
Bout go to bed until work so i dont gotta deall with sum dumb shit
So wait you don't get the concept of chutes and ladders???
Can I pull a Marco and not show up? Lol
Can my dad go back to California get the fuck out of this house
It's Thursday, which means -- finally back with !
I hope brock holt strikes out looking
U taking me right? RT : Transformers looks so good omg MUST SEE
Definitivamente estoy echa para viajar :) :)
I need to go to the beach this week
To keep from getting hopes up about guys it's always gay until proven straight
Yooo remember my freshman year (your sr. yr.) when we went to the RTJ course and I beat you by 15 strokes with a torn pec?
Nothing eases you to sleep like having to kill a prehistoric spider crawling on your bed minutes before tryna sleep.
I think when my sisters called I'm going to yell \"911 WAS AN INSIDE JOB\"
One less follower have a nice trip
then again i work at like 6:30 tomorrow morning, so i should go to sleep.
not really hyper cause I'm not like jumping around and shit but like yeah energetic or wuteva
Oh messi &lt;3
That's the way - pass the ball around midfield and make chase it
just watched 's episode with and i'm in LOVE!!!!! I want that house !!!! GREAT job guys!
so it'd seem giuliani's big accomplishment, reducing crime, WAS A LIE, aided by \"compstat\" manipulating the figures; surprise, surprise...
So like u gonna u down for Nash pajamas, or nahhhhh????
Best headline ever: Shia LaBeouf wildly chases a homeless man hours before getting arrested for being disruptive during a Broadway play
I guess we dont think defenseman are necessary.
I love being home but I miss the college life
Can someone love me and take me to IHOP?
\": \"La Flama Blanca. It's Spanish for the White Flame\"\" a reading from the book of Powers
Isn't it just the most annoying thing when you're 15 minutes into House Hunters and realize you've seen it before?
Don't even know why I said half the things I did lol
I need a daddy wont you be my daddy
Wtf Intocable was in town yesterday for a concert! :\/
Who is trying to dropped a dude off at the UConn library?
Great day of action. Were up tomorrow boys! Get these 3 points .
I guess the joke is on him? Because I'm fine.
i have to go back to fucking Syosset tomorrow.
Some poor soul got it was worse
\": Love walking home and seeing fire flies\" it really makes me so happy
my parents have been together since they were 16. what?
Of course the lesbian sex scene comes on when my homophobic father walks in.
Norris Cole is the most spoiled asshole ever
But i ship Stiles and Lydia...
H8 how never takes my questions seriously
it feels so good to finally be out of work
Wow, I just can't get over how pretty is
THE OPENING SCENE OF TRUE BLOOD NO I CANNOT
Packing=sitting on bed listening to music and not actually doing anything
They really are a top bunch over at . Can't recommend them enough.
Living like a backpacker with hubby, trying a million things, meeting new people and eating food from all over the world, loving it!
The best part of summer break is being able to watch Rachael Ray
Just saw Jeff Koons at the Whitney. If you love inflatable toys and socially acceptable porn check it out!
Lil wayne had some heat too, i couldn't fit them all lol
Love is not a victory march, it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah.
9:30 and my moms already in a bad mood
Milly gone make us late for church
I've recently started to use the word \"salty\" as an adjective and idk where I got it or how I feel about it
Nothing I love more than shopping
Do you still believe?
My Aunt Just Cock Blockin Hard As Fck
Trying to download on PS4 to play against on . 2 hour download? Guhhhh.
Teen wolf was crazy fuck omg like tf happened to derek
like nothing else is cool lol what happened to jocks and prom queens
Hopefully I go to Oklahoma soon. Gotta go support Ruben at his soccer games.
895 - you da nigga with the plug! I fucks with you long distance
I need it to give it back
when people learn small details about my life, they're all shocked. I'm just like yeah have u seen my twitter? lol.
So did anyone else see Echosmiths merch guy? Because...
Jordan is the GOAT.
Oliver giroud y karim benzema,par de muertos.
Cora tweets stupid shit on my twitter constantly
Off to see the Piano Guys!
If I take one more drink ima end up fucking you \"-
I had a feeling August was gonna win
We're bad for each other but we ain't good for anyone else
Why not hold a tournament for the vacant Intercontinental Belt in Rio De Janeiro?
excited about tomorrow but stressing out!!!! looooollllllll
hopefully my parents buy me my ticket as an early birthday present so i can just book my hotel and order my outfits this week instead
Hoping to meet many at like , and but will it surpass performing with Tiny Tim?
Donovan making a reservation for Rio in 3...2...1...
Here's a tip for your July 4th hotdog: throw it in the fucking harbor.
Duane Wade wants to cry too. Lol
If anyone wouldn't notice, I'm going to use Sony Vegas Pro 12 (32-bit) to make my AGK parodies rather than YouTube Video Editor.
The hermit posts are cracking me up
Man I'm gonna have to wake up early to watch the USA game. Sigh. Life is hard
Fuck dude I tell you for a reason.
Robben with those lethal runs,
Keisha cole singing all that pain out
People are always quick to say I don't care anymore when their job is threaten; however maybe your carelessness is why you job is threaten!
Emily Osment in that new show looking like a fool
\": no clue but I already surpassed eng1 so...? Idk lmao\"
That's my father that just scored
The quality of the broadcast is horrible
Really hope I don't get sick walking barefoot in this rain.
Whenever I eat breakfast food, I realize how many meals I've wasted not eating breakfast food.
The only stream I can find of France\/Germany has French commentary. So I'm pretending I still speak any French and cheering for Les Bleus.
Ain't Even Watching The Awards But These Tweets Got Me In Knots
Why out of all nights I can't sleep
I have no feelings or give a fuck about anyone so if i care about you don't fuck it up cus you're lucky.
But seriously, that's gonna be one hell of a show.
KRHV 240445Z 30006KT 10SM SKC 19\/10 A2996 RMK LAST
Why are people saying Chris brown had the best performance of the show? It isn't even over yet..
\"me voy porque nunca viste que la luna era mi alma cuando yo te la regalaba\"
Twitter is always live during award shows
I would not hesitate to destroy 90% of people I've met if I were to acquire some superpowers
Bet if u got kicked out or had to pay for yourself, the flossy insta pics will dwindle.
I've pretty much already made up my mind. Not going fall back into the same trap. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.
I was fine yesterday, now im full blown sick
Who woulda thought you can express your feelings in 140 characters
Sneak into the performance in August even tho u dont have tickets
Is there a consensus on the number of followers one must have before they can tweet 'Good Morning' tweets?
FUN FACT my mother walked in on me taking that and thought i was taking nudes
Just spotted , then he left... ^Bud
THERE WE GO!
Some lady just looked at me when I was eating my phone... crazy bitch...
Waking up this early even on my day off&lt;
Hi ! I know today, with its patriotism &amp; celebration of resistence to govt tyranny, makes you really sad. Cheer up! BHO is trying!
mahhhmaaahhh ajrdh on recois les bulletins c'est chaud ma gl
Teddy Roosevelt is at te game right now.
Brown is all geared up for an epic weekend :) No
Only I would twist my ankle 5 minutes into my run, like I actually wanted to go far today....
Yesyeysyesyesyes!!!!! all the way!
One more goal!! We can do this!!!!
Unas y unos cuantos queriendo que Lavezzi les eche aunque sea agua jajajajajajajajaja
Its ironic that the show 'Friends' is my favorite considering i have none ;)
That spells \"goodnight\" with symbols x numbers omg
Why is there always a flight to across the boarding area from my departure flight?!
Angry old white male football writers beware: Kaepernick got another tattoo
Downfall to working in retail is you work holidays.
I just witnessed this man of God do things with a recorder than can only be done on a saxophone. Well, not only anymore. Just wow!!
Driving straight to the gym after work cus my mood is killed to the max dude. Honestly hurt.
Yo quiero ver Bajo la misma estrella, jo.
words cant even describe how happy i am rn
I told Zack I hate the color yellow and now he wears yellow shirts to piss me off.
Obscene amounts of money and I'm talking seriously obscene amounts of money period
How about this I fuck you and we never talk again?
Oh I know I have the bathroom on my side bitch better not come in here
I think will win the title tonight.
Feel real good about a Knick legend following me. Shoutout to Anthony Mason.
A day off would be nice
Saw a girl getting her hair done this morning for middle school graduation still can't get over it's been 7 years since I did
I was excited but after all this, I'm just so not... Even after being super excited for so long. Thanks for killing my mood.
It really should go to Happy
I'VE BEEN WATCHING ALL NIGHT, THERE'S SOMETHING IN YOUR EYES
When The Sleep Station is a band &amp; doesn't actually put you to sleep hahah a
my sister just asked why am I so bitch ???
Ma lingo &gt;&gt;&gt;
At bww faded with my boys .. All thanks to Mexico
Doesn't mean I care.
well maybe G is just an asshole, fuck around with bitches alfalfa, little rascal
If I send you toilet snapchats... consider yourself exclusive.
Acid reflux can go fuck itself
Ahhhhhhhh mahnnnnn , she want to booed up on that Molly santan
I doubt that Twilight 22 could write \"Electric Kingdom\" in today's NYC.
33 - I love your hair &gt; and you're literally one of the prettiest girls in school.
\"You look hot\"
\"Should we bring the bombs..I mean the fireworks.....\" -autumns seven year old sister
I am real life scared someone talk to me wtf
\": Kanye ass nigga\" only in ma dreams
Success is the only thing I'm worried about right now.
Lmaooo word RT : lmaoo shit look sus af too
TWC is comical RT : We apologize for the issues with ESPN. There is a known problem affecting it. We are working to resolve it asap
I am too tired for life
my best friend, only person that knows me inside and out
\"True wisdom begins when we accept things as they are\"
Omg just give her money and make her leave
If i hurry i can catch the color on her skin from that sunset
Cameron my birthday is in nine days, and all I want is to hear your voice on my phone
Vine is my life today the rain can
Ada saatnya amarah cewek itu meledak &amp; abis itu nangis sesenggukan. Penyebabnya adalah rasa nyesek yg udah lama ditahan tapi pura-pura kuat.
I'm so emo why does crush songs have to be $50
My hair smells hella fuckn good haha
Regardless Bosnia has earned my respect
Wolf Blitzer trolls the street for irreputable ladies, pays them twenty bucks. Says \"BOOP\" as he jabs their noses, then drives off.
c'mon Portugal play some defense
i had to get the fan from the living room
A box full of bakhlava straight from the middle east on my kitchen counter... didnt stand a channcee
Just finished reading and not sure how I feel about the motif in it...
I need to stop my shitty half pretend friendships break away and be out to cali with the 1 girl who talks to me more than my \"real friends\"
GHANA PLAYING MAD FUCKING DIRTY!
HOLY SHIT JERMAINE JONES
Btw can you people stop gassin people that don't deserve that shit?!?!
Is it just a thing for old people to breathe really loudly.
I just listened to someone's sob story for almost two hours. I'm pretty sure I should get an award. Like holy crap.
Omgaaaaash can't wait to see Sin City 2!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bouta turn up at Rashells house party till 2 o'clock open crib Dm me or Rashell for address
Yes Susie and I assume its Dale spearheading this book project? \n\n
31 seconds and USA with the first goal !!!
Idk why ugly people always on social media making fun of other ugly people. Y'all need to stick together
My baby brother is obsessed w\/ fucking airplanes.. omg.
u can tweet but u dont wanna text me :-) lol
Currently drawing as !!! She's so gorgeous. So much fun to draw!
I will be in the studio with Stu Bryer on WICH radio this Friday during the 11 AM hour.
Time goes by so fast when you aren't working
9:30 @ dutch meetup for LB
I'm hanging on by a thread made up of two or three 10 min naps
Four lok peach is so bomb to me I think
Ready to party tonight with my day one brothers
Beyond sushi is beyond the best vegan place in manhattan ~
My music taste is on point, furreal. I literally have a different song for every mood.
the Portuguese goalie didn't even TRY to move he didn't do ANYTHING omg bye
David keeps waking me up,\n\nI fall asleep on the mic too often.
I really need to go out partying ugh who down or something
OMG MANU STOP IT!!!!
Not terrible. RT Altidore: strained left hamstring
Jason got two baconators and two crispy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's and is currently eating it all in one sandwich.
Netflix for the night bout to start watching this show called \"The Killing\"
My mom offered to get me Louboutins once. I said no because I wanted my first pair to be purchased by myself.
If you go to the beach and don't post a pic of your knees did you ever really go to the beach???
Everyone is so fucking rude like why
There's nothing quite like being forced to listen to bagpipes longtones whilst waiting 15 minutes for the next N train to come.
\"I don't like soccer\" \"You don't like America\"
LeBron had 31 and 10 can't blame him. Udonis haslem didn't get a chance to play. Can't blame him
Can I rock? RT : Niggas that's like a solid 6 be havin the highest standards
enfia esse dinheiro no cu
I wanna see my homies rich forever
no shirts no pants and we still get service whaaaaaaat
' chris rock is petty
My sister told me it was one pancake but she cut it up because it was huge. Damn
So many rumors nothing actually happening
Kawhi for finals MVP
If you don't jam to bubble toes by jj you have a serious issue
dang... when your family won't serve you sehri.. coz they know you're no good. :|
It was bound to happen eventually...
I'm going to fucking flip oh my god
I don't have a boo. I don't have a bae. I don't have nobody to make their day with a booty pic or panty pictures. None of that
\": only use the essie polishes, it makes your decision easier with better quality nail polish\" facts. I knew tht
I love Shawn's new song and all but if you're spamming my tl I'm muting you I'm sorry
Drop It Like It's Hot will forever remain one favorite songs ever!
Whack ass black bitch . Keep playing imma pull ya wig off
I really really want a corndog
FUCK yes, back in my old room and everything is setup, so fucking sickkkk
Something initiated the thought so I guarantee they've been talking about it before you saw that text.
I really wanna know it is that hard to graduate from pre-k &amp; kindergarten the way ppl be acting now
cause i need ya and i want cha
Had a great weekend! :)
In the last 3 hours I've received one text, and it's from myself, reminding me of something I need to do
It's summer. I miss Moreau basketball camp.
Feel like a grinch for being annoyed by my company's kitchen concerts but...I'm annoyed.
I'm so sore I literally cannot move
Today is going to be so much fun!
There are some rude ass people at target
Something's not right when people hit you up but won't come up to you in person
\"I should just sleep over your house\" \"nah dude\"
Lol I root for Portugal because I'm like 1\/16 Portuguese and because Ronaldo
Why do people not like Mexico so much
LETS GO!!!! YAAAAAAA
I wonder what it's like to sleep on your tummy and not be laying on boobies
Turning off my phone. So tired of even thinking you care enough too reply
you know you deeead wrong; up in the club and you left ya man home
\": If she looks up to a 'celebrity hoe' she's a hoe.
Lol go ahead and say that .. You just fucked everything up .
\": Easy coast!!! Teen wolf is on right now! Season 4 premier! 10pm\" YESSSSS
thats nice its raining and I was at the car wash yesterday. tuts just fabulous
! Go check out his song on iTunes !!
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision
Bouta turn up on this water slide
the fact that every kenny vs spenny episode is on YouTube &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
he said he dancin like he free
Freedom rings motherfucker! 1-0 DEMPSEY!
Really enjoyed Edge of Tomorrow. Blunt was great. Like Groundhog Day only with death and explosions.
The scariest shit I swear to you I would rather dig graves at midnight
si usted no sabe ingles deje su mariconeria
I know what my next tattoo is going to be
The real question is why do and I ALWAYS end up tweeting each other when we're together
when I'm hot and you type back too fast I get annoyed
I ate a lot today I just killed my whole workout.... oh well :(
August Alsina doesnt know about fashion, ask him about music or Trey Songz lmaooo Why is he so arrogant?
One got mad at me because we went to dennys the other day and I didn't want to stay because I had to go to the weightroom and better myself.
\"Why would you put the fork in the tostitos? Now we can't grab the pickles\"
Rinaldo is a PUSSY
Burned the shit out of the dogs first day back on the beach.
\"Dancing in the mirror, singing in the shower\"
\"Why do they always set the bar?\"
crying for the 58th time at the Teen Wolf season finale
the game is there for the taking. Come on US!!!!!
Vidal coming in for the second half...lets get it !
BITCH YOU LOOK LIKE YOU BATHE IN A BUCKET FUCK OUT MY MENTIONS
Lebron is literally walking on the court.
33 SECONDS LETS FUCKIN GO USA
Crying bc doesn't love me anymore
No Ecology class today. :) but, I need to do the laundry. :(
Just want someone that will take me to get a 1dollar ice cream cone &amp; then be a dick &amp; fight with me, and then kiss me all aggressive.
1. Erase Me- Kid Cudi \n2. The City- Game\n3. Lights Down Low- Bei Maejor lol\n4 So Far- Eminem \n5. Real Muthaphuckkin' G's- Eazy E
. Ordering gear now.
Well Gil's going crazy right now
backyard tackle football will always be the best no matter how old you get
According to the scale at the gym I gained 8lbs in 2 days.
I swear I cherish every moment that Justin cuddles all over me, lol idk why I get so sentimental about it. He's my little babbbby
Wanna go on vacation this summer
got you thinking about getting involved.
Y no seamos mediocres Ecuador pudo hacer mas. Basta de mediocridad.
americano know i had to cop that foreign.
Canada is the worlds gay friend
If I trust again, will we all?
This fucking bird chirping outside my window the last week is asking to die
DNA tour Little Mix
If they wearing it just like you your styles to basic.
I think it's about time that the air conditioning gets turned on
Hahaaa RT : tbt to when played party rock anthem
Happy birthday to the chicest xx. Hope all is well.
nothin says Monday mornings quite like some colonic therapy
Any rumors about rangers getting into the firs round? Or is Sather still taking his afternoon nap?
Wade trash lmao
If I meet someone new and I don't tell them within a few minutes I have a girlfriend, I feel like I'm cheating.
Everytime I watch this episode I hate it more lol
I want fried food right now
Usually when I'm bored I start doing mad bullshit
I work fourth of july fuck all of u aha
I've seen a countless number of pictures taken on the Ferris wheel from the fair.
\": Try not to be down.\"
To protect and serve. \n\nThat's the dream.
Sin convencer pero se gano!! 2-0 en el Maracanaaaaaaaaa!! Vamos Argentina!!
\"Correctional facility area -- please do not pick up hitch hikers\"
OMG THE PREVIEW AN OMG HIS ECHOHOUSE
My dad just asked me if people still give wedgies in school
You make me feel so bad
Chill john. Lebron already has more rings, Mvps, rebounds, assists, points, steals, and a higher fg % at age 29 than kobe did.
Felling so sick lately. Sick of bullshit!
All these guys on the bachelorette are mad excited to go on these dates and group dates with her... Go on dates with me.
Popped over to Coney Island for breakfast at Tom's (brilliant btw!) now chilling on the beach ready for the hotdog eating comp!
jk cramps are back and i want to kms
Psych final is bout to get raped by me
Wade is washed up
i need fourth of july plaaannns
my nigga aka twin
Happy Father's Day to the man who created a legend my pops
i should be sleeping rn b
99.9% sure i died at life in color and i reincarnated
It's good to have as a neighbor. He found great restaurants in less than 3 months, which I couldn't find in 3 years.
The VA became an entitlement with both responsibility for benefits for vets as well as for VA employes. This is the problem.
I guess I don't know how to take compliments.. And I just got yelled at about it.
I'm like 6 1\/4 but if someone asks my height I'm saying 6'2 gotta pad hour height a little
Clint Dempsey doesn't mess around! 1-0!
Im glad Miami not winning lol
Remember who you wanted to be?
Was just trynna get out of this place
Hahahahahahahahah i love how mikes not even mad hes cracking up and im crying
man, if i had $1 every time someone said the US wouldn't win the world cup, hey, i'd still owe tens of thousands in student debt
Only 34 more days until my whole summer is made.
Never offer to help a neighbor find their dog after you ate a plate of bacon.
My brother is tryna tell me that Tim Duncan is barely top 3 best power forwards ever and that Shawn Kemp is the best ever...
1 left ! DM for more info
I just want to be treated the way I know I deserve to be.
Can we speak about how the boys shit down my function .. Or did I miss this topic
Not sure if I'm tired or bored.. Maybe both
I'm just gonna tf mad people
Pouw ta di ekip la ap pran ekip la an demaplitch ?
; can't tell if the cab driver farted or if it's just chinatown.
Less than a minute in and USA scores!!! Let's go
La lealtad por todas las cosas.
One day my story gon pay
Poor girl .. That's so embarrassing lol
for the win !! Well earned !
LETS GO !! Costa Rica!
His dietary restrictions were the stuff of legend.
How many girls can I have till Im threw.
The girl that the amber alert was for, actually just stole her parents car, made up the whole thing n is charged w\/ grand larceny.... wtf
Is it still a if a friend is holding the camera but u r doing duck face???
I am way too sober rn
My mood just went real shitty
Don't think a cabs faster then walking to school. At least when there's a game.
Your brain pulls your hand away from a hot stove but why can't it shut off thoughts that hurt you too
I'll tear up if we lose idc
I need someone to take my pay check away from me as soon as I get it bc I FUCKING SUCK AT SAVING MONEY
Nigga said if you drink henny straight you will cheat and viene eta like I'm a pega cuerno
gossip IS SPREAD BY FOOLS N BELIEVED BY IDIOTS
The story, compliments of , about festival girl with food in port-a-potties went over particularly well.
When I plug in I be feeling ma self. Lol
billion dollar campaign and they can't give me more financial aid since my dad lost his job?!
Like duh bitch I wanna be the only one. But I ain't gone fight you for the position.
Wore my jeans with the torn crotch again at work today, they need to make jeans with vents like this
First time I've work a sneaker since I messed up my foot. Feels weird but okay
This is the most Colombian pride I've ever seen. Soon as World Cup is over they go into hibernation lol
Actually kinda wish it rained like this at beach glow tomorrow it would be so much fun
Today was one of those days
I can't even finish my book now cause hica made my emotions go up and down
8 letters, 3 words, say them and I'm yours.
Como SeeU con Z o Gakupo con J
USA is gonna win 2-1, the second goal will deflect off crossbar and then off of beckermans dreadlocks and in
It's actually disgusting how my brother just sleeps all day.
WHAT A GOALLLLLLLLLLL
Countdown: 4 hours to change my life
Sitting here in the crib really shows that I'm alone as shit. No wonder I spend so much on clubbing.
Me, myself, and I is all I got
I don't even save numbers.. Sorry I can't think of a name for ur penis..
You call it mean I call it the truth
Socks just don't get the job done anymore
Happy birthday, Messi! Hope you have a very messi day.
I'm about to get fired bc this new manager doesn't listen
summertime smells an awful lot like hot garbage
My dad doesn't wanna take me home
2013 Philly Hip Hop Award Winners, Apart of the , providing millions of impressions! !
Maybe if I kiss stiles I'll suddenly start to focus on school
I don't think they're that bad ...
Wow John Cena overcame the odds to be on the cover of as well!\n\n
Stuck around a bunch of gassed Americans. Great lol
If you ask me, I think Kendrick Lamar is the only rapper of all the rappers that get radio play that is producing real rap music.
I thought weight lifting would be useless since I don't really eat protein. I have tons of fat though. I'll let my body use that for energy.
Some people just don't care and it's just soo obvious
Reasons I Contemplate Suicide: I have the same birthday as Zach Braff
Salir a la calle despeinada, en babuchas y con ojeras es tan normal jajaja
Told myself I'd run every morning lat summer... Only thing I ran for was Dunkin
For real lady? There's 12 other seats and you have to sit RIGHT NEXT to me? I know I smell good but damn. at ! !
being in princess di's avi is truly an honor
If only their jerseys weren't SOO ugly
no one to fan girl with tonight
Any pictures from tonight's premier people could send me would be much appreciated!!!! Thank you
Chris people are gonna tell you you're fat and stupid. \n*walks away
What's better then one good women ...two
no, I'm at ALTA -CA-
God damnit will this ever end
Been through so much in one year. Lost some and gained some. Crazy
All the dick pictures were Tyler everyone!!
ya no juego mas al preguntados me da fiaca
Laaaaaaaawd Clint had that look in his eyes when they were exchanging flags. Look out Group G - We comin out!
Greek food, French music, and a pakistani boy have my heart
Whaaat a shottttt!!!!!
It scares me that you never know what someone is thinking or feeling towards you and everything they say could be one massive lie
I'm radiating heat rn
And that's the guy from Chico State. \": Time for wondo\"
I'll be outta your hair quicker than your favorite shampoo
What to do when the person you want the most doesn't care ..
Some people are just weird as fuck
Just as long as I'm where you're at, I'm gunna have a real good view. I'll go anywhere, anywhere with you.
I love it's like what was too me growing up
7268 7268 7268 7268 7268 7268 7368 7268 7268
&amp; to my ex, remember who was wit you when you was broke.... Don't get fresh and start actin on a bitch
please no one tell my next paycheck but free people sells leather harnesses
LinkedIn's \"who viewed your profile\" feature is a Who's Who of LinkedIn spammers.
why is everyone getting hurt?!!
You will fix the fckin dry wall NOW
That looked like some Under-12 caliber stuff Ronaldo
Gente ainda to pasma com ter ido na fonte do friends &lt;3
OUCH DEMPSEY !
Errbody gonna come out after that lol
My charger literally uncharges my phone. So that's cool.
And all that we create turns to dustttt
I was gonna go chill in NY today but I'm so exhausted, maybe tomorrow.
I'll be serving roasted dumbass as tomorrow night's special &amp; I'll serve his minced pieces to everyone. Every. One.
Blame it on the whiskeyy
France v Germany hopefully is going to be a good game
As long as social networks are available, there will never be healthy relationships.
Watching thrones finale now
my whole body sore af, finna get high doee
Are we falling in love ? Are we following lust ?
2 hits 3 rbi's wit my new 35in and the Dub
okay you know it's whiskey straight no chasers
arya is so fucked she's my fave
I love my mom, but thank god my dad raised me.
Sitting in my daughters room listening to her and my other daughter talk about Thots and surfboards.
Ok so how about a 3 - run homer and a grand slam?
With Italy out and the USA still in, is my World Cup half full or half empty?
I feel like a child but whenever oomf randomly texts me or likes my ig pics I get all giddy and smile for like 10 minutes straight
I can't stop to listen my bad playlist
It is possible to be young and mature.....
Equalize, goddammit. Come on USA!
Last night I was so drunk that I smoked my bowl in zacks kitchen n didn't give a shit
Mulher que se valoriza mostra mais o sorriso que a bunda.
SHOT ME OUTTA THE SKY. ITS THE 4TH OF JULY
If u take the time to put extensions in ur hair every single day, u care wayyy too much what u look like
What an awesome birthday. Couldn't have had a better one.
My sleep scheduel is so fucked up smh
Imma just start putting y'all on music game
I love it when you give me headdd, I hate it when you give me headaches
Ronaldo is playing shit right now
That srsly should have been a gif yesterday
Ain't never any food in this house god damn I'm moving out to start my housewife career early
Its always good to see rappers I fuck with get burn
I love the Kardashians because they literally do nothing and that's why they are famous and it's so inspiring honestly LMFAO
I've been sending so many Snapchats today holy shit someone stop me
I would like to move out now
When someone ugly sends a nude &lt;&lt;
And I thought today was a good day...
Flyers had a similar situation in Giroux draft. Hometown guy picked by NYR w the pick before the Flyers. Dude never panned out we got Giroux
Sweet baby Jesus. Dumping syndrome tonight. Faaaack
Bosh that was the weakest thing I've seen in my life
Ex's always be mad when they see the new girl\nthas your fault\ni mean did you not think she was gunna look better n stunt on you??
Je vais jouer aux sims telle une no-life.
After 530, I'm done being nice
Congrats to Vandy on winning the college world series!
Can't wait for my tattoo
said our goodbyes, now its time to live life
Herkes icin gecerli \"Pazartesi sendromu\"na ilaveten bugun gazeteciler icin \"Sali sendromu\", yani siyaset (zarafet!?) meydan savaslari :-)))
I miss LS 1 &amp; 2
If you're a runner\/walker\/jogger get the App &amp; earn money for charity every time you run\/walk\/jog Today I ran for .
In other news a guy with tarot cards came up to me today and said I will beg for someone's help &amp; they'll refuse so sucks to be me I guess
PURA VIDAAAAAAAAAAAAA. Two trips to afford me fairweather fanship. Hope they make it as far as a game with
There are so many hippies in Silicon Valley.
My house has 5 bedrooms. 2 are master bedrooms. My mom said she thinks we need a bigger house. We're a family of 3...
Bosh is 7ft he need to dunk that!
$2,073.47 in my PayPal account. Too bad $2,071.47 doesn't belong to me.
I'm soo short lol
Man vows to write 30 plots in 30 days, fails
Joe is taking it back with Stutter &amp; Don't Wanna Be A Player!
Watching the campaign makes me wonder why I'm a politics major
I couldn't be happier to have my car back:-)
The Molly got me like. Damn.
Messi! Messi! Messi! Gol. Gol! Gol! Watching on is so much better than ABC. More passion...love it.
Tony Parker is really dogging.
Anyone who gets that last tweet deserves a cookie
I wish my brother could get married and have a baby so I can be an aunt
QuizUp is a disease. A rreeeeaaallllyyyy ssssexxxy time-consuming disease. I loathe losing time playing all of you. ;)
If a bolt doesn't catch, don't cross thread it just because. You'll only hurt yourself down the line
my arms are smoother than jesus' asshole
no one warned me about the aftermath of a septum piercing. thanks guys.
So pumped for the grilled chicken after being at the beach all afternoon
Ellen: \"You were talking in your sleep last night.\"\nMe: \"Ohh?\"\n\"Silly stuff about like, cardboard boxes and infiltrating...\"\n\"!!!\"
Omg all I rly wanna do is finish the last 2 episodes of season one of bkyln99 and seeing Terry crews on stage tempted me
on my brightest days\nI'm holding my own flashlight
OH MY GOD CLINT DEMPSEY IS GOD
I dont know why I can't watch anything that's not G rated, like Mulan is too much for me, watching Teen Wolf is such a struggle
Watching the makes me realize how fucking 90's the double breasted suit is.
I wanna go to disco rock bell bottoms and platform shoes haha
I WAS DOWN BY 21 AND I ENDED UP WINNING BY 3 THIS IS MY LUCKY SHIRT THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER I AM SWEATY NERVES OF STEEL
\"You hoping that I fail.. But you know I won't..\nThey say the devil wears Prada.. But you.know I don't\"
I haven't used it long enough yet, but the Spaces concept seems promising.
I'm really getting in to Deep Space 9, thanks to episode skip\/watch guides. Thanks, Internet!
It is actually beautiful out rn
NEW YORK NEW YORK WE LOVE U!! WTG!!! WHAT A VOICE AND WHAT MEMORIES!!! THANK YOU
This gotta be the worst asthma attack ever.
nigga square danced around the D
I don't ever want to fly economy again.
This 4th of July, I thank all of my Military students who both are competent and do their shit when they're told to do their shit.
The Rancho Cordova turkey trot .
Fuck I feel like a bad bro lol sorry jizz
One time I did a triathlon and a blind person beat me.
If i tried i could
Literally no I can't X 4
RIP she left us too soon...
gymmmm, hope this makes me feel btr
The only reason I want to go back to school is to see my friends.
MY SCREEN LOOKS SO DIFFERENT WITHOUT MY ELGATO HOOKED UP OMFG
that was just amazing
\"Im really good at drunk driving\"-
Me and my aunt are participating in a croquet tournament on Saturday
Working out with my man is awesome
\": chase those dreams dog\" Can't Stop. Won't stop. Gotta turn those dreams into reality even if it kills me
After traveling for 19 hours...we finally made it 7\/8 of the way to San Diego...tomorrow, the rest
Why should I consider you a best friend if I'm the one starting the convos every time
You got a past and I do to we're perfect for eachother
How about we stop falling on the ground damn it USA
I'm the first one to leave my house for work in the morning and the last to get home. Anyone else see something wrong with that?
My plane was awesome. Met a Director working on a major Project that will have a lot of u excited next year. Guy behind us just won an Emmy
\"Yoooo she thick doee\"-my love Rebecca
Ok bye Jesse, let's bring out Echosmith now.
At this rate, Team Domino will be left with no bench.
It nothin to cut that bitch off
If you take a look in my eyes, see I be a gangsta til I die, that California chronic got me so high
Possums are the scariest fucking looking creatures. Even if I'm in my car I scream like a little girl
Realized that I have to move my car @ 6am cause of street cleaning ohhhh joyyyy! I did not miss this!
I'm a fucking genius I passed all my damn regents
I just want a big nice house and money
I'm 16 pounds down let's fucking go I deserve a beer
How was that a yellow?!?! He kicked the ball
Nobody does like ? ;-)
Happy 4th of July ! Thank you to all that serve this country. We are the land of the free and home of the brave because of you!
Otra vez Ochoa!! Eres un grande!!
It's crazy how fast and how much people change. But I guess that's life.
Just pounded a 25 , 2 xanys to top It off
Spending the last hour and a half of work with my feet in a pool, laughing at kids.... I hella love my job.
But at least I'm on a riding mower and don't have to walk through that shit
Release Cameron. Please. She's so annoying.
confident is telling yourself how great you are. conceited is telling others how great you are.
I believe Ruben is talking about a condom he carries around in his wallet
I think it would be really funny if I added my old dance teacher on snapchat, but I'm not gonna do that.
What the fuck am i still doing up lol
What an absolutely gutsy performance by Costa Rica today and they are through to the quarter finals
Chemistry regents can be used as a torture weapon.
Can't wait to do some hoodrat stuff tomorrow.
I'm deathly afraid of escalators
my house smells like melted cheese
This stupid bitch at the hair salon gave me an attitude.... the fuck
Golazoooooo!!!! Messi \"
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
I'm watching arena football rather then study...that's saying something
So... waiting for another movie and was told it's not until November? Boooo! Now what? Cc:
Literally no sense of urgency since the first 5 minutes
True friendship is working out in your bras and sweats and eating pb&amp;j's after
Im deadass covering my face with a small pillow
Summer fridays you're pretty legit
Keeping people at a r m s l e n g t h
Sixers got a lot of nerve making cuts
LMAO THIS KID GOTTA SIGN THAT SAYS \"broken nose not broken heart\"
love is an open door with you with you with yooouuuuuuuu
All at once \"oooooooooh\"
Melo shouldn't get greedy now! He's not the solution to all of the Knicks problems!
No te pase RT : Us Dominican men are the most faithful.
DOES ANYONE HAVE A VIDEO OF ADDRESS OR GO TO WORK FROM LAST NIGHT?
And Can't Finish
Getting shot in a dream is not a good time... Shit feels so real
But she gets a shoutout on all my social networks causeeeee you guessed it it's her BDAY.
Giants lost hahahaha 6-0 to the padres
Taylor is being a downer,
Three bags of laundry tho smh
the love poem wrote in my yearbook made me cry
Ochoa is saving the day once again.
My prom is tomorrow I can't sleep and it's 3:30 am
Que excelente fin de semana, gano Colombia y hoy gana La Paz! Arriba presidente Santos!!!
I'm just tryna smoke an L for the birthday of my adopted country
Driving home from Palo Alto at 3am is eerily peaceful.
Fathers Day, The Lion King's 20th Anniversary, North West's 1st birthday, Game of Thrones 4th season finale &amp; winning! What a day!
Maybe I'll just die it and get a trim. Who am I kidding I love my hair too much
THE FOSTERS IS SO DEPRESSING LIKE WHYYYYYY
How was the season premiere of teen wolf ??
Does someone wanna come on a joyride with me in the SS?
Nervous\/\/excited for my first ever keg stand next month.
.A measure that was thrown out by the courts. This move is Democrat hubris, nothing more.
Bouta get lit wid my niggas
Im watching but im still thinking about the ppv
I feel like rain man when trying to read the muni arrival map. \"Lots of N Judah, lots of N's, N's\"
&amp; I've watched every damn movie the movie channels have to offer ha
when my ex trys kissing me I'm just like \"where your hoes at?\"
Just saw 21 jump street for the first time\n\nD0pe
Raquel is the only one who understands me
Talkin bout pepperoni nips makes I'm the mood for some roniz
So hungry I could swallow all of this gum
This basketball ish is a gift but also a curse
I'm bout to fail cuz Mrs. Murph didn't teach anything
Fuck too much you get lame
Ochoa is going to start for mexico until he fucking retires lol
I look so much like you and it sucks to see you in me everyday...
Can you order 2 for 20 carryout from Applebee's?
Deuce!!!! Clint is about that action!!!
Blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt after blunt
so, is Drake gonna be at the BET awards or what
Eww sign off BYE !
reminds me of the attitude era
A man you dug a few months ago (haven't seen since) invites you to b-day: do you say maybe or going?\nAsking for a friend \n(me, obviously)
Si Allan na lang ang natitirang matino sa mga Reals!
This shoulda been a sweep Miami beat us in game 2 by 2 points!!!
Duca and I just got interviewed by some hip hop website and they thought we were rando white jabrons till we dropped the knowledge
I got betrayed by a nigga i would die for.
Woke up crying... Because life sucks.
Seriously paying for their abuse
Bruh if there's a rematch I will cry
Eres un insecto y hueles mal
i eat every meal like its my last
That caps off a FANTASTIC weekend of football. Tomorrow, we go again!!
What? Mano going pogo on the heat!
Just believe that god will take care of everything wrong in your world and it will be done.
very rarely will someone I really like, like me back
I love when things fall into place perfectly.
If you are comin tonight come around 8-830
I LOVE THIS FANDOM OK
hi : trying to book an adventure, but having trouble getting someone to answer the phone. when's a good time to call?
Lets order dominos and watch the bet awards like were in love or something
Tonight! Only on Fox! Go Jack! Watch 24th!
Hearing 2 On just makes me wanna get turnt tf up
See ya where the golden sky meets the rose colored sea
ew get your horny ass on somewhere
Old lady stairing at us at night
After finding that out, I don't understand how girls can be so shady..
im not just gonna be another person you flirt with
You haven't given a shit in a long time and I'm a fool for not seeing the signs when everyone else warned me
Spending Sunday with the Fam feels Great.
I believe we are all gods
NO ALTIDORE WE NEED YOU
Ten hour shift today is un-american.
Stop tellin on niggas that's police work
MY GRANDMOTHER HUNG UP ON MY SISTER I AM LAUGHING, THANK U LOLA FOR MAKING ME SMILE
Brb missing the teen world season premie
You ain't no model tho hoe just an Instagram bitch
I sneezed so loudly on the phone with a customer it freaked her out she goes, \"Holy cheese sticks!!\"
Do any main characters die this season?????
I wish i could get some love.
I just took my fake nails off &amp; painted my real nails and they look horrible
And nothing makes me feel more alive then those first few minutes that Lo comes on
Mine and dream has finally come true. Were in a band now
No sus but all u girls do is bullshit
And that's the game! Brooklyn comes out on top. Final score Brooklyn Italians-1 NY Athletic Club-0. Goal by Yvener Guerrier.
philly is so dumb, bettman is doing so well lately. No reason to boo him
BOUT FUCKING TIME
le mande la solicitud a la piba esta y no me acepto :S
my moms so hooked on Breaking Bad lol
All of a sudden people quoting that tweet with a selfie :P
You never ever believed in me; I am your tourniquet
Finally Gonna Watch 12 Years A Slave!!!! Not Sure If It Can Be Better Then Wolf Of Wall Street Well See!!! -Mac Mud
IM GOING TO PUKE BC NYS ISNT NICE AND THEYRE A BUNCH OF SHITS THAT WILL PROBABLY MAKE THIS REGENTS THE HARDEST THING EVER
He needa stop with the fat jokes
Sometimes I look back on decisions I've made and just think to myself 'what the actual fuck was I thinking?'
Huge debate with Bree about 'white privilege.' Never had such a heated\/tempered conversation before. Shocked I did not punch a wall. Ha
About to run 5 miles with timmy... Pray for me
I wanted to go on a boat today
Hopefully still going to Long Beach with Juan and his fam
I need a beer ....or 7
I really hate people that complain about every fucking thing
There's a band called Flowjob i shit you not
Someone bless me with a skate board or a bike
\"if ur not a real cowboy then gtfo\" -
While all of u are going out somewhere, maybe to the beach tomorrow, I'll be staying home watching more soccer. Wow, I'm so busted.
SOMEONE GET ON THE FAR POST PLEASE
I hate watching tv with people who comment on everything and ask hella questions . It's really annoying.
My mom got my black ass sitting in this hot ass car, knowing that I am going to melt
Ghana's throwing the hands
Rn I'm in a 'fuck erbody' mode AND I'm in church. All damn day.
Every theater person thinks they are talented.
HEY! I wanna show you my best friend, Squidward! \"Hey Frank..\"
be scared costa riica BE scared
I am getting some stick from the DB community for pushing the platform where the majority of corporate data lives - calling all mainframers
Finna to got get a bottle of tequila
i could use a blunt right now
I really don't know what happened but okay.
Already can not wait to go back to sleep
Hahaha fuck the heat
I wanna do something I'm bored I'm bout to have ppl over
White girl sprinting across Manhattan missing 's opening goal!
You been busy for like 3 hours or you nots tryna fuck with me ah
Who? \": Nigga just said Lil Durk better then Gucci Mane wow y'all retarded as hell\"
I like being able to smile all the time
still crazy how Seth didn't get drafted last year
tem cada gnt burra q mds
Get your head out the hole; life is more than cars, clothes, and bank roll.
So I go form hopeful thoughts of the future to evaluating the worst part of my life thanks boredom
love izaac for giving me new bands to listen to
But I'm always the \"slick\" one lol.. Smh
As mobile mkt matures, seems like there will be more opportunity for Private Equity-like investments. Who will be Internet Brands of mobile?
I always get really weirded out when customers friend request me..
Good morning people
Shit like this piss me the fuck off
Can't make no money in bed, so ain't no future fuckin u
If you get to spend today with your family, boyfriend, girlfriend, friends... consider yourself lucky. I'll be in the studio
If only brushing off your problems was as easy as brushing off your shoulders.
so begin my classes and official journey to become a graphic designer
Still drunk from last night but ready to start drinking again
People get in relationships ... And then like become someone else
Someone pack for me help how do I make 5 months of stuff 50 pounds.
That crowd is on another level. The sport is finally getting the support it deserves here
I hope 1 of the 4 things I ordered come in this week:\/
I'm tired of people of always treating me like I'm so special to them but at the end of the day, I'm actually not.
Why y'all hating on PHARRELL ?
is the soccer cup thing still going on wow crazy does it just go on forever and how does Iran have a team don't u guys have bigger issues
Oooooh baby that was nice
Watching The Purge for the first time in this thunder storm.. Not a great combo
rly hope cvs accepts my cute quebec id!!!!1!1!!
Clint Dempsey getting ready to scissor kick into some grade a Brazilian poon after that
Just saw a 3 button suit in the wild. I'm not the only one.
Hi we're San Jose's waste management we're going to send 5 garbage trucks to your neighborhood at 6 am good luck sleeping! Assholes...
hahahah my mom is guts \nmom: Aisha do you know a drug called Molly? It's on the news
I could be so petty right now n expose this bitch but in grown
Why go to sleep when I can watch Donut Showdown?
Why couldn't I be around doing the 60s my favorite era of all times!
Legit crying watching this sad dog fur video
you can be ignorant and refuse to change your ideas all you want, but please don't spread your stupidity
RESEARCH ENDS TOMORROW GOD BLESS THE WORLD AND ALL WHO INHABIT IT
I just wanna wake up tomorrow and hope this was just all a bad dream
feel bad for everyone who didn't have wifi today lolz
Well Bosnia made it interesting :-)
Making fun of Abby asking me to get her stuffed animal bear for firefly with Mrs. Goldfarb was gold
Update: still drunk taking orders from people that leave a 3 cent tip
I seriously don't tell anyone but Nicholas anything....
hoy me siento lindo me voy a tomar una foto......... MOMENTO ya no tengo cel ajajajaj
Supposed to be studying for Integ test tomorrow but instead I'm laying here singing \"The Good Times Are Killing Me.\"
FUUUCK i really need to double check my text before I hit send.
I swear to god I'm forreal addicted to 's music this new song got me feelin some sorta way. Like damn.
I can't wait to lay down
Messi showing why he's the best
Popping Pills With Jay On Our Drive Back From LV.
This weekend was great
OMG poor and having to dance to
lol why i do that to him ? im fucked up .
Thx I think I may be Walter White!
Johns pregaming with georgi tonight.. watch out
You challenged me don't give me sass
there's not one thing about you that annoys me...and it's the best feeling
Louie got way too much time on his hands smh
Today I followed the World Cup matches and now I'm at Yankee stadium for a baseball game. I don't know who I am
Boomboclaat Eder man
I think I want straight hair again .
shit, she gets mad because I get RTs &amp; Favs.
Im gonna love you, forever and ever, for ever and ever amen
I'm a king in the kitchen
life is like a cup of tea, it can be nice if you just 5 minutes
I swear I can't fukc u if ur feet aren't on point
I remember that I had said I couldn't wait to start college smh I regret saying that shit. Lol my ass could of waited
Welcome new followers , ,
Se que te vas a las nueve , se que me muero a las diez.
Like whenever I see one, I get happy
Gotta meeting with big boss in the morning. Hmmm.. I'm skeptical.
Still goin ham at 4am y am I awake?!?!?
Happy Fathers Day, Mama..
but it was a fake rose. \nand he told me he'd love me until that rose died :'-)
when you discover new music it feels like you found jesus
I don't need an HIV status right now
\": Its probably like 4 bitches I know that I wouldn't call a bitch\" but you just ..nvm
Can't figure out if these pre-Transformers screening complaints -as in \"damn I have to endure this sh1t\"- are genuine or a form of bragging.
She is sleeping but I just want to squeeze and kiss her
One giant white wine spritzer ... Feelin gooooooood
Fastest goal in World Cup history
I will never let you fall, I'll stand up with you forever
I love people who treat irrelevant people as what they are
si a usted le gusta lady gaga usted es de los mios.
Girls night with my cousins tonight
You stole me away, the first time I saw you you did me that way
Watching Transformers with Matt is nice..
My uncle thought turn up was a food
I wanted the Knicks to draft last year glad he is one the
come onnnnn Ramona
Youu mad or naaaah BITCH !!
Thanks, Donte. That game was not one I had circled on the calendar. Now, we'll all circle it.
Nice tea and desserts at Samovar upstairs
Love how a red VW ran a stop sign and almost hit me on Penn ave when I was running...FUCK YOU!
Watermelon is more of a drink than a food
justin hit a bird everyone
o good thing my parents decided not to drive to the vineyard in a storm that didn't even happen
\"Me gusta estar sola, las relaciones traen problemas y acabas herida.\"
I could crush a pb&amp;j stack right now
It's pouring rain outside the cabin. I've missed the sound of heavy rain. So lovely
Was about to purchase Charlize from but it said no refunds or exchanges id be hot as fish grease if I couldn't fit that shit
I hate it when you do that
Black girls worse than a Spanish girl. A black girl will curse you out for hours, probably swing if u say the wrong thing.. It's a curse
I was there for you\nIn your darkest times\nI was there for you\nIn your darkest night.
God has never made a person he does not love.
Blessed lacking no good thing, have a good night everyone
Till the morning light \nI lie awake because\nI need you \nBy my side
ANDYS TONIGHT BE THERE AT 9!!!
Making fun of people crying in the World Cup and then I realized that's how I would feel if the Jets won anything...ever.
Dont lose whats real chasing behind something that appears to be real
Bless whoever invented the taco truck
Should I cut my hair again or let it grow more and then cut it
Its late and im back to missing something k never had
I really want to watch Spirited Away bc I haven't seen it in years and I know I have it on dvd somewhere around here but I don't see it ugh
I think I've found my home.
LeBron is gonna score like 50 points tonight. There's no pressure lol.
lol @ you. that tweet had nothing to do with anyone..
They dont give a fuck about karuchi cuz they let this bitch fry in the Sun
just kinda sad when you're in love with a person you can no longer have.
Ur deadass fucking stupid, am i in the twilight zone?
There seriously needs to be a space jam 2
Manu you nasty man
Free crib tomorrow and Sunday wassup?
I'm one of the girls who got fat since high school..I've accepted it..pizza and shots for everyone
A family of trees wanting, to be haunted
Shopping spree and much needed time out with and &lt;3
Can't believe being fit is being slandered
I'm the only one to get the job done, I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
I hate when Fred shaved his neck beard i like when he looks rugged
still mad how they threw me ina pool with all my clothes on
Miami Heat finally got exposed
Thank God for another 1,440 minutes.
This is NYC why can't I find a place to deliver me one bagel at 11:15 at night
If my nickname for you is bawm our friendship is real
For being conceived where I was conceived. I should be a damn fairy.
I have myself laughing hysterically rn holy shit
I just wrote for the first time in like forever and it felt so weird
Really what is the point of maylia tho
I get shitted on by everyone
this is what I get for being too nice \/:
epic morning today reuniting &amp; sweatin' to the ('00) oldies with at ! Thanks
There probably is a Korean movie called Snowpusher. It's probably just as bloody. Except about cocaine.
Don't you understand\nIt's not my problem
Have fun at and say hi to for me.
Goodmorning Have A Gr88t Day Sir
Yooo I know they know I Korean and they're just bombing me with food what the hell I don't wanna be fat
Im hanging out with my mom and her boyfriend right now! That's how cool I am
I miss my family wtf :(
it's crazy how some of the people I used to look up to and hangout with are the people I want nothing to do with now
My room is completely clean. That only took me 3 hours...
Call the April babies cuz they fools
I showed my ex a million, she bet seen it fit a bed
I'm so nervous to see my SAT scores tomorrow
Literally contemplating writing my own NoSQL database. Please talk me off this ledge.
Why does this gotta be so hard
Wooohoooo we get to take Allison home today!
Great worship today but now I am bummed out because my Heat is losing.
Next goal makes this game
Started with a dollar and a dream, you should know that
Excited for my first day of training at title weight on Friday. I want the perfect body by next summer !
Instead of saying \"I can't do...\", ask \"How can I do...?\" There is a way!
Hahahaha I just sang Chandelier so hard that I got so lightheaded and almost passed out while driving :')
Re watching Breaking Bad because it's the greatest show ever to be made
Yesterday I took patron shots from an ice luge and chased them with a four Loko guess how good I feel now zero good ZERO good
YO WHOS TRYNA SEND ME SOME PIZZA ROLLS
nancy jo, this is alexis neiers calling
This World Cup us quite simply the greatest thing ever. Bored of football, bored of life.
y la cerveza y el tequila..
You put urself in the position your in
When people tell me that they're from Cali &gt;&gt;&gt;
But your girlfriend want a nigga like me cause i aint trynna control ha
Really liking the tight knit plays in the attacking third by Argentina
So glad I have good pizza neAr me.
I feel my heart racing...but for what....
Marist is really temping me with all these transfer papers
It's 2 am why am I up still?? Ugh
Its so hard being a girl sometimes
mom: \"dang it that means we have to wake up at the crack of stupid\"
We have reservations at BJ's at 7pm guys!!!! And that's on the set!!!
II was just on FaceTime with Anthony's mom for 54 minutes.
I has made a few mistakes.
Everything you think you have you can lose
2 am I want it boy
I followed terio on Instagram cannot stop laughing
\"Call My Maybe\" feels like it was a hot song 20 years ago
I be getting crazy by myself, regular me shit tho
Elmo in time square gave someone the finger.
Mostly all my co workers take their Michael Kors bag to work. Like why ??
El 98% de las zorras no viven en el bosque...
\": Commandment : Thou Shall Not Turn A Friend Into A Side-Chick \" LMAOO
\": love this line of clothes, specifically red distressed and white w\/ subtle lightning bolt. Very cool and sharp. BFLO716
Hey have you tweeted this to for some help? HBD America
i just got kicked out a bar because you have to be 21 how humiliating
I want to go to the beach and hear the sound of the waves crash on shore
S\/O to just because stand up woman
1 minute till I'm 20 guys.
Every year I wish I was at camp for 4th of July instead of here
LMAO RAQUEL USED TO BE A LATINO 4 LYFE
Anyone want to come over and swim is welcome not trying to watch this whole World Cup game a little boring
Not trying to be mean at all btw
Damn it i have to wake up before 8 in the morning tomorrow. Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
The 4th of July parade will be the death of me
Feeling content in the city of New York is a challenge.. But some nights are just too perfect thanks to
So many things I should be doing rn &amp; I'm watching Futurama.
Read a damn book &amp; school yourself
Lmfaooo marry well, I like that one
Cuz lagging on tha roach blunt
Sneak out and do crazy stuff with me
These fucking eyes that I'm staring at
Imma make up for these past couple of days tonight
I just saw Alan at
I look like a fucking squirrel preparing for hibernation
Pulled groins are just too painful
I should be able to do whatever I want, when I want
\": imagine if ppl really meant it when they say \"i miss u\" or \"i love u\"....things would be so much different\" rt
Yeah never watch the wolf of Wall Street with your parents..
This chick is so fucking fly ughh I love her
Ppl in my neighborhood have to be the epitome of ratchet'd. Sometimes I love it, other times I'm like HAVE A SEAT
\": It's great I missing u \"\nMiss you more missy...
Finally got to see my baby today ! \n
Two more spots away from being number one. said to buy single. U won't regret it.
I'm looking for a true love companion who I can spend everyday of my life with until we die on the exact same day. Same breath
Related: my immune system is fired. Anyone know where I can hire a new one? &gt;.&lt;
I really want Pizza right now. Is it too late to order if you're already seated?
Johansson is a great CF\/ Target man, this isn't the end of the world
Nested hamburger menus is the new nested tabs
It's so awkward accidentally liking a photo on IG
Fucking up the sandwich frm wawa
You're gonna be my bae you just don't know it yet
never shoot a large caliber man with a small caliber bullet.
Sneezing and your nose ring flies out? COOL I guess
\"He's gorgeous I would wait for him too\"
I'm like 6'1 in these heels
Fuck you cause you don't see my vision
Kendell girl gives him a taper every 2 weeks
If the stone does not begin a path of revenge tonight I am gonna lose my sh*t
Justin says that when he fucks ugly guys he looks at himself in the mirror to get turned on
SIKE don't got one of those
I learned the hard way but im so much happier now that twitter isn't such a huge part of my life
i need to start doing yoga again
someone pls go to coldstone with me
I can't not wait til Friday
bitch do it look like i care ? nah .
Attempting to walk home from old brookville is never a good idea
Everyone laughing and smiling about the end of a stressful quarter
Fourth of July is one of the best weekends to be in NYC. Everyone is in the hamptons so I have it all to myself. :)
The ShredBots and AWSM Team knew Sam Smith before all y'all!!!
Once you cat on me once I can't take you seriously
I want tacos so bad. *insert taco emoji*
\": QUEEN RT : Ya'll hear that reaction Naomi got? \"
Stop looking at me swan !!
Ewwwwewwwwwwwweweewewewwwww... I pass by the women's bathroom and the first thing I heard was \"I think there's a blood stain on my panty\"
I Don't Want Her \/\/ Eric Bellinger ft Problem &gt;&gt;
Mimi is dumb ! That Niqqa exposed them foh
Well. Can still see our today! Nasty weather here pushed party time till a later leaving time. Glad to still watch!
I am so lucky to have someone who is always honest with me and respects me.
Me and chaunc have some good convos
Up next is Raonic vs. Federer!
I been living my life in these clubs
Woke up coughing up blood wtf
Can we buy that Andres Guardado lad who plays for Mexico? Wicked player.
I was waiting on your text, message, response all day but i never got it
Work sucks being sick sucks I'm tired and aching everything sucks someone halp me
Learning to enjoy this time of the morning
Dempsey you broken nosed man I love you.
Been to a 21 and up club. Highly disappointed.
wow I sound like a stripper
I chipped my tooth in 4th grade. Had it redone twice and the second time the fuckin dentist did a shitty job. Now I have a sharp right tooth
Honestly tough what is everyone doing today?
And then she was like hella cool and then she told me she was lesbian so I felt awkward when said nice things so I stopped talking to her
I dig my hat what can I say
That was it??? Effort just for a fuckin quarter??? Disgusting
That's the best you can come up with? Shouldn't expect any less of a Ashitty stan poor thing
Awkward moment when my nike plus never started so idk how far I just ran
Lord knows I'll murk one of these niggas
does anyone want to go to the city tomorrow and go shopping maybe or something
Watching this baseball game I don't care about pretty much sums up summer so far.
I really want USA to win or draw but I don't see it. I see Germany winning this game number wise.
God bless the child that can hold his own
Heavens to Betsy somebody catch me im falling hopefully I land on both Jordan's
Still don't want them to win. What a goal though.
I can't wait to go home and go to bed
CONGRATUMUTHAFUKULATIONS FOR GET 3MIL LOVE YOU LUKE
OMFG MY DADS DRIVING ME TO PHILLY TO SEE AND IN AUGUST FOR TMI BOOK Q&amp;A DO YOU HEAR ME SCREAMING ?!?
Don't tell me not to be an asshole when you come at me like an asshole
Justice league at the 2014 WC
Ghana keeps taking everyone out of the feild
I think some of u have today mixed up with 4\/20.. We're drinking beer not smoking weed
Just went to a checkers and asked for ketchup. Lady said we dont have any....WHAT??? how does that make sense?
I just got bankrupted in Monopoly man lol
It's not the singer it's the song
\"Hitler had the right idea.\" -
That was absolute filth
AND I DON'T WANT THE WORLD TO SEE ME, CUZ I DON'T THINK THAT THEY'D UNDERSTANDDDDD
Estres a todo lo q da!!!!
Awwhh shit boutt shoot the big guns!
Going to watch the \"Blood:The Last .\"
I see all you guys not as a fandom but as my family
Holy shit I need a charger
You can break ankles in soccer?!?!?!
you know you're over someone when you stop checking their social networking sites.
So right now I've got three career options based on my current skills: landscaper, one-time, or hustler
I wish my name was Clint Dempsey
.power out last night (truck v. power pole ) internet sketchy. Standing on TV antenna w\/ tinfoil hat &amp; fingers crossed
Let's fucking gooooo
sometimes I pretend it's still the 90's and poke people on facebook.
Island In The Sun by Weezer never gets old
Dead after that three mile run
Am I the only MUA who doesn't get what all the hype is about Kylie Jenners lipstick color. Absolutely nothing special about that color.
we can't ever be just friends.
Ain't gonna fuck with a girl that don't got her shit straight real talk
new ab soul is uploading. lets see what this sounds like
Erybody in the club gettin tipsyy
2014 RT : This tweet RT : I tweet like a faggot sometimes
can't believe i really just came up with these lyrics. real ass shit i've been thru as of late.
\": I'm okay with the fact I will never be good enough for anyone\"
With the new Android update 4.4.4 and the ART runtime, my way faster than before.
OMG the teacher is so young
Sorry to everyone driving behind me. My great uncles car maxes out at a swift 55 mph
I have a huge to do list.. If I stay the remainder time.
the fight for you is all I've ever known so come home
TEEN WOLF TEEN WOLF TEEN WOLF TEEN WOLF
For you redditers: introduce me to Kanye. 4 every intro made b\/w me and yeezy, I'll share a gps coordinate of a sign revealing if I'm joking
Niece got me outta bed to take her to the park. No coffee no nothing.
Can mr meader at least just make out with me so I can move on with my life
That was pretty cool even though I don't get this game!
its amazing im in thiss mazee w you , I jus cant crack yer code..
MY SWEET 16 IS A WEEK AWAY AAAAH
Some people I wish I would have never met.
IM GONNABE IN ATLANTA FROM JULY 24-28 DJS MODELS ARTISTS WHOEVER FUCK WIT ME
I should be knocked out by now I don't want to do another all nighter got a 5 hour business lecture
I think I'll take all the Colts in the first at Mohawk
Jack Bauer is the fucking man
Hicks still in this team game over losers to the ugly outing for M Cain goodnight tweeters
Nothing better than a great woman at your side.
Okay it's not really the most embarrassing moment of Stephine's life. she was drugged before.
Whenever I pass a huge truck on the highway I imagine it's a transformer
I love me some ... His music really knocks!
Let my entire family put on a fake piece of shit act. I'm not.
What really is the point anymore?! I want to know because there isn't one.
So y dat player cmin sef
The only time I get real feelings outta you is when your drunk
Lids is buy one get one half off hmmmm
We got rats in the barracks bruh smh
I was like yo &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ? Lmfaooo
I worked 10 hours today. I don't wanna know S H I T!!!!
Bms that I have to be up in less than 7 hours to do part of my 6 hours
My moms mad at me so she made steak for dinner tonight because I hate steak
Love how everyone is all of a sudden a soccer fan when the World Cup is on
It's watermelon season so I see you guys post a picture of watermelon that's not red enough I'm gonna be mad
Jason Kidd may have been an amazing player, but he is such an asshole
I wanna get out this house ! For good
You lift my heart up when the rest of me is down
Teddy's back baby
Not looking good for Dimitrov. Down a break in set 4.
\": Don't sneak diss then show fake love.\"
Aqui escuchandolos en este dia feriado por aqui en. Ny saludos Buena progra
Wonderful day of celebration for our 6th and 8th grade students. Thank you to our administration, faculty and parents.
I'm really online trying toordering uggs as we speak!!!
I get antsy when i get an idea for a story and have no way to start writing it.
All I know is YAYO!!!!!
i hate people that can't play mayday right.
need to make plans this weekend
Pfe corporate today GOTTA DO IT BIG FOR MARKET STREET SF STORE
A happy day begins and ends with playing fetch in the park. Here goes our night time session :)
lmfao Ronaldo that was horrible
nothing better than those half hour power naps after the beach
My doorman is like my Grandpa. So sweet. :)
Two pride parties and one brunch! This pride weekend is gonna be epic!
This city really does never sleep.
Excellent save by Tim Howard
Your mom is here where you at cuz lol!!!!
You have never met yourself. You have only met the person that has been changed and revised by factors and environment and social norms.
You gotta come off it bc if you keep looking back, you're gonna miss your whole life
YES DEMPSEY WOOOO USA USA USA USA USA
I want to go to camp and I want to be with and I don't want to leave high school and wah.
See I Den Been Caught Up In Da Moment
Nothing better than a Sunday afternoon nap... gnight xD zzZZzzZZZ
I wanna read the OITNB book
Josh doesn't know how to spell
guys that try and show off to their friends while I'm around pisses me off deadass.
This bitch left her period blood on the toilet seat
one day i just want to vent to someone in person, but nobody i know would care enough to listen.
Oo I just thought of a good pic for the bands cover photo!
Yay for being alone again. Guess I'll just catch up on cleaning or something.
okay no forreal I need to find my beanie
Girl you are so lost. I actually feel bad for you.
Still awaiting the results from your pizza eating!
\"Not that I'm an expert in green dye. Far from it in fact.\"
You guys the app is amazing. Helping me schedule my whole weekend. well done!!
Riding the struggle bus today that's for sure
Ah, so y tf! dem bench KP kraa la!?
pretty sure we all knew was gonna win this
Why does everyone I know have goat simulator
Bonita, mas mora onde o diabo perdeu as bota
Unwrapping my knee. God bless the pain I'll be in.
the large crowds of men yelling in bars all down third avenue are all mourning the anniversary of Judy Garland's death, right???
Wow... Killing it!
omg I can't handle when guys cry :(
Great weather we got here today
not sure how I feel about the Oakland Athletics and the SF Giants.. gonna keep rooting for the Twins and Red Sox though
I'm tryna hold my crazy in.
my brother is defenitely on his man period today
\": I really catch an attitude over anything\"RT
I know Flos somebody's Fahu on my TL.
Beer for breakfast. Clearly becoming a trend in my life.
Rudy will fav my tweets but won't reply to my nudes O K A Y
Alright let's see what you've got
Started daydreaming as I was on GPS duty oops
Hanging with my new friends &amp; at the for in !
Hey , where can I get an vista tune-up?\nI wish this thing had an odometer.
I haven't eaten a real meal in 3 days. Where do I start now?
everyone takes socks for granted\nsocks are underrated
When u find inner peace, life really does get better
I JUST WANT TO STAY IN HIGH SCHOOL FOREVER
I don't know what's worse: magcon fans or beliebers
I know I'm not the only person who fast-forwarded through the new video just to see and hear ? Y'all ain't loyal!
I love him. I hate that he's so misunderstood by everyone in the whole family. But I know what he's going through.
When you try to make conversation and it's a total fail lmfaoo
I MISS MY MOM AND BROTHER AND SISTER
Im gonna be solo dolo for a lot of edc guaranteed. Im ok with this
I like the scene in Bull Durham where Susan Sarandon ties Tim Robbins to the bed &amp; reads Walt Whitman to him.
Pizza sounds soo yummy rn
This one time my friend said she'd make me bacon and bring it to our sleepover. And then she forgot it and It really hurt my feelings.
All I want to do is say \"I need you\" to someone and actually mean it.
If I've been ignoring you sorry.
Why do niggas always put those crazy edits to their pics making the pic so vibrant in color
So apparently all cheerleaders at my college get a scholarship &amp; everyone that trys out gets in...
.I need to learn how to type faster to keep up with all the ideas in here
Picked up 150$ worth of nike cloth
Congrats to my baby sister for getting her first job!!! I'm bursting with pride. Way to go girl!!
I'm so hungry but I don't wanna leave my bed to get food
It's so hard being mad at you because you have an excuse for everything.
I'm sorry. I'msorryI'msorry. just walked past a man w\/ a goiter the size of a toddler head. TODDLER. I'msorryI'msorryI'msorry. I'M SORRRRYY!
Hope Neymar recovers well and quickly.
I wish media outlets will stop tweeting about fastest goal ever, when we have been manhandled ever since
Nice goal for Jones!
Needs to be next weekend already so my family and Pedro can go on the Fuentes vacation.
\"I had manly things to do like workout and shave my chest\" -
Can it be Friday already
Do you want love or you want fame?
Sigue siendo mier.... conmigo algun dia lo seran contigo ..
I've never valued American independence as much as I do this year. Grateful the US has freedom of speech!
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.
35 SECOND GOAL LETS GO
I'm done making so much of an effort fuck that
Oh really mom thanks for telling me my fuckin upgrade is 4 months past due!!
He said. She said. I made a lot of money. Period.
Going to hire someone to do fun things w me and keep me entertained whenever I want
Roger Deakins has to be the most confident cinematographer there is.
Other than dempsey the us doesn't have any strikers that can penetrate and score
Will be the first time heading to looking forward to the events, music &amp; people
If you screw up while leaving a voicemail message, press 1 (It brings up the menu to delete and re-record)
Nation wants to know \": Finally, I found how to block \"Candy Crush Saga\" invitations! Relief !\"
bitch whatchu thought I wouldn't come in this shit and murder some shit hoe you got me fucked up
LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS GOING TO BE A MOVIE IM SO HAPPY I NEED KAYA TO BE ALASKA I FUCKING NEED IT MORE THAN I NEED AIR
Fuck plastic bongs
So so so relaxed.... just stick and \"out of order\" sign on my forehead and call it a day...
I eat mayonnaise with almost everything
Manu is also a faggot
I've never been to a wedding. Even when my mom got remarried... Kids weren't allowed. It was just them, their parents, and two friends
That dead made me laugh
next time we fight I'm gunna be like if you hate me so much then why'd you adopt me? hahaha
Todos sabemos que te encanta
Too excited about Teen Wolf in 13 minutes
You always wanna have a story to tell
The World Cup is corny without USA...especially on the 4th of July
I'm ready for bed.
I guess my phone likes to make me look stupid
Buying the bouncer a cream cheese Bagel, good or bad?
Cuz you just my type, ooo nah nah nah nah.
Never change who you are to impress another.. bc most times they would not change for you..
Obsessed with !!! I will be watching every Sunday -- and now I'm hungry.
Everyone but her is saying something
So what are you, what are you, what are you so afraid of?
Ima get my nice red back,I don't like this other crap lol
I'm torn apart on the inside and it fuckin sucks
Awkward moment when my mom walks into my room and ask if I'm going to work and I was like nah..and she just says okay goodnight lol
Field 4 at jones has become so shitty
I came out my job (pool) and went to a little pool party
Sometimes you just don't see the end
Would've Came Back For You, I Just Need Time To Do What I Hadda Do
vs starting soon. Allez Les Blues! One of the few times I want to win
I'd be crazy to think any of my friends would ever want to hang out with me.
I just don't want GoT to end
You make this so hard on me..
Only white people will say \"dude we got neighbors\" when you play your music to loud outside
to vendo os melhores testes de fidelidade no youtube kkkkkkkkkkkk
If any one is reading this please come to my house
oh look my twitter app still works :)
So basically, USA's World Cup hopes depend on Ronaldo's knee?
Serious post firefly depression right now. What is life.
sprinted today and still missed the train
I dropped everything for you, and it still wasnt good enough.
I'm listening to a mix of new music I've made. It's my first summer mix and, well, it's rather good.
He think he Titanic put a gat to your ship
I have the worst memory I can't even remember my name
SMH Aguero, Messi and Higuain on the frontline is really overkill. It's probably the best in the world.
I wish I loved my body.
Lebron look stress B
I haven't cried in a while it rocks
Modern family is the fucking best show ever
friends don't let friends be complete assholes for no reason. CLEARLY you have no friends.
Looks like gruber suddenly is a football nerd
I think is going to have an aneurysm because of the Heat
I'm in need of a massage and a bubble bath.
So, I'm layin in bed, this fuckin spider crawls down my face and onto my chest, I flick that fucker across the room, lands in my laundry
Tumblr girls aren't actually real. No way
I've had less than 3 hours of sleep. I'm a zombie.
I love putting blankets over my head
Oh well I'll just watch world war z
Prettt sure after watching this game, melo taking his \"talents\" somewhere other than miami
Thinking of introducing the World Cup magic spray into our company. Seems like it magically fixes everything.
I'm going into cardiac arrest bc I'm so excited watching this.
I need a good man in my life
And that is it USA takes it..!
I'm gonna be on the train tonight leaving the financial capital of the US heading towards the political capital of the US during the game.
USA will win this
Seriously everyone still up turn on and watch Little Women:LA
Tango is a great app on the HTC:-)
After seeing all the pictures, I can't wait to visit at her new house!
Drove alllll the wayyyy to work to turn around
wow, I finally have a white shiny car!
Sorry but u can't tell me what I like n what I don't.
If you don't have my number dm me
I a starving but it's 10 and too late to eat
\"It is for freedom that Christ has set us free.\" Gal. 5:1a \/ Grateful for my freedom in Christ and as an American!
The affectionate and the innocent are the most gullible
Having someone you talk to all day is great.
Can't sleep with shit on my mind
I'm not saying go out and get Thornton at any cost. But if you can get the right deal in place do it
That two hour nap and coffee might have been the worst decision of the week
Happy Fourth of July. I just woke up with a stye. And no I didn't mean for that to rhyme.
because FUCK THE SUPREME COURT
If justice and daft punk did a tour together, it would probably sell out large arenas every night
HOLY SHIT YESSSSSSSSSSS
I'm suppose to meet someone who's been trying to talk to me once I get back from Chicago... I ain't ready! !
Jimmy's phone won't connect to the car .. His response \"damn Japanese cock suckers can't get anything right\"
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Is the 4th of July the equivalent of the UK's New Year's Resolutions?
Beginning to learn that what's right for me and what's right for my career are two completely different things .
Ladies - unless u got a fatty, DO NOT WEAR HIGH WAISTED JEANS. Their not for u! Their for the WAGONS!!
House to myself
Don't hide it from me you should be the type that provide for me
A bomb just blew up off Geary and Beaumont bomb squad had contained it. So it wasn't fucked and everyone was evacuated.
Everything was going great and you come and bring that shit up and it's just not the same .
Shit everybody&amp;they mama at skuu call me ratchet or ghetto.. Girllll thats the Bay Area in me lmao
Also we never actually made it to the lake because dabs
Duane Martin from Above the Rim &gt; Dwyane Wade
I just wanna walk around New York all by myself
Apparently not really better from being sick earlier, backslid today. If anyone needed something from me, ping me, probably lost track of it
The more I know, the more I wish I didn't.
Had a show today. Like a
Why do I feel like the adult here
\": sometimes all you need is to be alone in the dark\"
I know exactly who cares and its not many people at all
Lol when British announcers say how many goals a player has gotten I always think he's saying how many girls he's gotten.
\": tell your boy to come to SD and win that trophy with us! \"go what he said!
En la victoria de Cincinati 11x1 ante Toronto,7 jugadores diferentes de los Reds remolcaron carreras.
.Public or Private repo on Github? Can you share a link? I can try I help after the Chat. :-)
All I hear is numbers
My muscles are literally so right right now
on the real, I just wanna chill.
Este gordo esta Para Paola JAJAJAJA
California Chrome ain't the only one not getting a triple crown this year if ya know what I'm sayin
\"As the ocean \"waves\" the universe \"peoples\".
Ghana's team reminds me of the zombies from Resident Evil 5
I want to go to Joe's Crab Shack
Que mejor festejo para los costarricenses que ir a comer comida Griega.
im so saddddd hghhhnhh acnl tom moved away hoW LONG WAS I GONE *hideous sobbing*
\": that awkward moment when your tying the victim up and the cleaning lady walks in. :\/\" house keeping?
Larkspur's traffic sucks
Bout to make a grilled pineapple and bacon cheese burger
I owe my niece like $5 for saying the F word in front of her\/:
1312 hello hi hey you followed me for a while unfollowed and now u follow again, you're pretty cool man you should hmu :-)
Saw the flash and knew that loud bang was coming
One less problem without cha
i want you to want me.
the fact that i asked someone the same question THREE TIMES in TWO DAYS is not okay
I meet so many wanna be actors, who don't want to sacrifice material things, so they can make auditions, lmao. How dumb is that?
Turns out it doesn't matter if I hold her. Yelling in jubilation = crying. Sorry lil lady!
Get the fuck in!!!!!
Can we stop talking about licenses?! Nobody fuckin cares
It's July 4th and that means burgers, beer and my butt in a lawn chair. Taking a day to spend with family and who knows... maybe a promo!
If you ever cop a blank mesh jersey for more than $20 you deserve all the nonsense &amp; strife you receive in life.
KC tea Henny and coke bluemoon jack and coke all sounds good right about now
IM SRSLY DEBATING ON WANTING TO CALL THEM BUT IM A WIMP SO
I Luv my twitter gf even tho she ain't let me smash
Thought it was, but it wasn't.
Weddings, wedding proposals, and happy couples make me cry\/vomit
dont act like you care cause i can smell the bullshit from miles away .
I wish I was back home so I could watch teen wolf with my little sister like we always used to
IF DASH IS CLOSED IN NEW YORK I WILL BE FURIOUS
Wow thanks for no reply. I'm done, just done.
\" even when I loose I'm winning \"
Messi will be the leading scored after this game hattrick hero
Qui vous dit que le Feminin de Sheguey c'est Shegueysse ?
Y los haters donde andan? Hahahaha
Ambrose is a nut case!!
I hate niggas consumed about only money.
When I don't have him to talk to ... I don't have anyone... It's like I'm back at square one .
Drinking some homemade Greek liquor, wish me luck
wen theyre gonna cum on ur asshole and they cum on ur manuscript
Going to sleep buzzed isn't a bad idea haha
The importance of selflessness, to the undeniable value of faith, to the remarkable resilience of the human spirit I pray for you
THE CHANT RIGHT NOW....
SHE LIES AWAKE IM TRYING TO FIND THE WORDS TO SAY I WISH I WAS I WISH I WAS BESIDE YOUUUU
Just started sons of anarchy, goodbye everyone for the next 3 weeks
\": Get to Grant Park early tomorrow before ! 's set starts at 4 pm CT!... \" smh now USA guaranteed to lose
just cause i follow you doesn't mean that we friends.
\": Shout out to the guy who just stuck his duck in my mouth\"I hate auto correct to man i got this one for you dick***
Leaving Vegas was so horrid and hot!! And we feel\/look like death but hey we will be home soon
Oh my god talking shit on cod is the funniest thing ever
Is it a rule that I have to decorate my cap
is there ever a bad time for Celine Dion?
516-710-5823 call me or nah
Some people just don't have the brain capacity to be real
I wish i had someone to smoke with
Listening to the masters of our record for the first time and i could not be more proud. Excited for what the future has in store.
I'm so hungry I'm gon die
Had to use the sad emojis one time haha
No child is born with negative emotions. All negative emotions are learned from infancy onward. Good thing--means we can get rid of them.
Today's a great day except for the fact that I have work and I can't walk..
Heading to the city to shoot the lookbook.
Im ready to go shopping with my richy bitchy
If there's more than one question mark I just assume that the situation is pretty serious
I spend a lot of time thinking about sniffing butts.
Used my 3 years of college education today to tell off a telemarketer
Lol when guys text me and meg the same exact thing like no were going to show each other
She breaks things off with him. So he decides to go on a perilous mission and he can possibly die. Suicide in disguise after being rejected.
His nephew is the cutest! (:
Going to the gym mad early tomorrow because It is a must
Que perro di maria!!
Ojala ganen Colombia, Alemania, Costa Rica y Belgica.
Sometimes staying silent isn't a form of being hurt its also a form of healing wounds on your own.
Finally getting a beach day in
I had a dream that I got a job organizing cups by shapes and sizes.
This summer sucks I'm done
Talk if you need to but I can't stay to hear you
Brian told me how I \"can't drive\" but yet he always says he speeds and ect..
'True freedom, is freedom from yourself.' _Mother Gavrilia
it's absolutely insane how much I miss my friends aka my family back in orlando aka my second home...
One is none,\nNone is two.\nHoly god and holy truth.\n
Elijah was like ooooh myyyy gawwwwwd
With a broken nose.
I talk about pot so openly and forget that people think it's a bad thing, conversations get awkward fast because of that..
We grown girl ya gotta play ya own position. I wouldn't say that you a hoe just made a hoe decision
No offense but you're a stupid asshole
TEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF \nTEEN WOLF
\": The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it...\n\n ~ Chinese Proverb\"
Dont want this bullshit food
I need my charger and I already sat down
Duncan no te puedo veeer
Who wants to do boxing and paint toy soldiers with me next year? Seriously though
Pissed off. I need a more reliable job.
I hear lil Dee was drunk lastnight n he's nowhere to be found
It's so cold in my houseee
That's only 10 pounds a month and that does not fly with me.
Ficando meio crazy na FAO
I wanna blow up every little kid at work right now
Someone anyone lets go to Tim Hortons
What a move though
I would love to get fired at this point
Miami \"crowd\": Sounds like a sedate Toronto.
I DID SO WELL ON ALL MY REGENTSSS
Dani hates tourists 2kforever
I want to go to the Nike factory outlet.
Say what you want about the Dutch pretenders...theyre going to be extremely tested against this CR def...just ask ITA, URU, ENG and GRE
Today and every day after today I'll be smoking forever and that ain't no joke
Anybody else get sad when you finish binge watching a show on Netflix? What am I supposed to get into now?!
My mom has a tracker on my phone.
At this point I just want to leave to PR to start training and get mind off if things
Just waiting to go back to Buffalo
I stay shining like the queer on the street
Localization for Mandarin Chinese, Farsi, Arabic, &amp; Spanish coming right up.
Taking my talents to RU
Sometimes I think I should have done cheer but naaa I'm not that girly enough.
Now we see where Jelena gets her evil ways from.
So all my followers are coming to my farm party in missouri right? July 11th
Seeing the final day of the USATF Championships was amazing! I got to meet and take a photo with the beautiful
Sometimes there is just no reprieve
Ruben is nice though.. He hates on Cruz Azul and the Lakers but it's all good. Just a hater.
30 second gooaall
Let's get Richie! Isles!
Why don't kids appreciate law and order svu
This story line joint naming this shit mad hard to create on my mixtape . About to start rapping and call it a day
Maybe she has a different type
my dress and hair is now soaked with vodka. Baby showers.. never again
Band is now taking the field. I've heard they will be performing \"The Best of \"
Hoagiefest is the most wonderful time of the year
Early lesson tomorrow and not even tried hahha for tomorrow morning
It's nice to be close enough to drive a few hours to see them.
Who's doing drivers ed at huth first session?!
This bed is way to comfy but needs to be here
Oh so now we're just gonna narrate the game for the whole train. Lovely.
I miss Miami
I know what im capable of, and id be happy to demonstrate (:
This could be us but you're a dolphin.\nAnd that's frowned upon still.
I don't get people who can sleep passed noon....I can't even sleep passed 10
love you like a brother\ntreat you like a friend\nrespect you like a lover
Sunglasses on Bart are a must... I hate making awkward eye contact with people.
Ispanya maglubiyetinin buradaki yansimasini aktariyorum \"fuck them\".
Y'all were like \"Ben binge drinking is not a smart idea when you're this sick\" and look at me now! he said as he died
I hate looking good even semi good And no one here to see me.
Another night of Netflix until I pass out.
Thank you so much. You have no idea. Or maybe you do 0________o
I don't pay attention to more than half the shit I do.
She look straight out if a step out movie
I've never been more proud of a team like Algeria. Amazing job. Coming from a hardcore German fan.
At this rate, it will be 90-0.
Smark this blunt thoo than off to bed probly
I miss my blackberry and sidekick lx
All that time and stress, just wasted. For nothing.
I have to be up at 6 omg stupid Vivi stupid.
claims employees have an alternative payer for contraception, the Fed Gov. In other words, me &amp; you.
What time is the earth science regents tomorrow ?
Freaky... Funny but FREAKY!!!
I really CANT wait to see my dog
And she ain't trippen that my pockets stick out more then my belly
IF SOMEONE FOUND A CAMERA PLEASE LET ME KNOW THANK YOU
Good morning people! Excited to see tonight!!
Time to start hitting the gym everyday, no excuses
La la la I'm so tired but la la la I can't sleep
I don't own ANY red, white, and blue?! I might as well be a terrorist.
Isaiah is both peoples mcm and wcw and I don't even get a single one . Fml
So dude just came in the laundromat in Pomona selling steaks
when I need friends most and it's all shiiiiiit
finally they got rid of self
I just wanna go home
Costa Rica wins. Greece got CONCACAF'd.
That's not how I wanted to leave things...
My cake is purple idk why but yea like is it molding or some ??? I'm Forsure not taking pics with this piece of shit
In my house, there's only house music. But I am not so selfish, because you've been to my house? \nIt becomes our house, and our house music.
If the front stalls off the coast, clouds will likely keep the atmosphere stable. If enough sun, severe storms for Wednesday!
Thanks to all the men and women who are serving and who have served to allow us to drink our cold beer and watch fireworks!
What am I doing tomorrow ?
just saw the ugliest honda ever
Remember in 1st grade.You'd fight with some1 u hated nd a teacher would say: u guys are an old married couple. And you were like: OH HELL NO
Welcome to Rotterdam...a nice place to live...where you can't the water!
Our July activity calendar is updated.
THERE IT IS!!!! FUCKYEAHMURICA
Can't tell if I'm still jetlagged or not...
porque se va a llenar de pura mierdita.
Aight imma try to finish or get like 30 chapters away from finishing tomorrow, almost done with it
I Know Y'all Peeped John Legend Lowkey Shade Lmao.
GOOOOOOOOLLL DE ESTADOS UNIDOS!! \nAlready got Damn!
If your a heat fan and your throwing in the towel with 8 minutss to go just stop watching basketball
LMFAOOOO KAY THREW A SUB AT BOW WOW SHE FRIED
Il give someone 50$ tomorrow for a ride home
There is seven people at this bar. I'm pretty sure they should call it quits and call it a night tonight.
Wow is this ever bitter sweet
Messi is brilliant
When I'm pissed, I bite my nails and damn my nails are almost gone
Technically I gain weight it all just goes to my ass...
About to get paid 80 bucks to taste candy
You love me 'cause I'm so crazy
Successful leg day wit da bro , finally squated into the big boy leagues
Everything is so much more simple before it becomes a group thing
Pet peeve: Girls who toss their hair on the bus\/train. 1: this is NYC transit, too packed for that. And 2: I don't know your hygiene habits.
Man no one works late anymore.
Not a fan of the jerseys this World Cup but who gives a fuck ! USA USA USA USA USA
That's how we do it Dempsey!!!!!
This man who volunteered to hold the woman's baby when they crashed deserves a gold fucking metal.
My hair is starting to annoy me so big and puffy and curly and shit
people drive like they goin for broke out here.
New York is the prettiest place in the world
HELL YEAH!!!! USA!!
I swear I be up all night thinking about my family and my future. .
Hope there's cute gays at the beach
Losing respect for people who believe having fun needs to involve alcohol
Living without a dishwasher might be one of the hardest things I've had to do in my life
Quit giving me false notifications, Twitter!
Lmao my sister just said Howard looks like Common
You spend most of your life talking to the wrong people.
gal de la usa
Why isn't Giroud in the starting line up !
The fact that I have to wake up early tomorrow to drive my brother around makes me want to cry
I slept in a trunk lastnight
I honestly thought she was alive when I woke up
Getting excited to see San Fran.\nI needed this little get away and to just distract myself from everything that has been going on
I wanna cry, why is this so difficult.
No question no hesitation when it comes to holding fam down
I think I need my Air Conditioner now.
Stuck it out as best I could. Early night now.
Manuuuuuuuuuuuu Ginobli!!!!!!! Enooooooorme!!!
It took us like 5 mins to realize it went in!!! Haha
Woke up to the LOUDEST and most annoying noise my phone has ever made... To warn me about a flash flood... But it's not even raining...
Damn today doesn't feel like a Friday
Tomorrows already july, why is summer flying by?
There is absolutely nothing better or more important than family
u could get it if u make sure im straight.....
Being sick is like the worst thing ever
Sonny Milano looks eerily like Sonny Moore.
Tyrell look like he finna roast a nigga in his AVI
Tell em Garcia smh too much too FUCKIN much
For the Dems in Trenton stay course on pension! Bad economics!
I may be a fan but truly till I die!
I hope we never go to Mexico in this car
I really wonder what my IQ score is...
be you that's when it sound beautiful :)
I'm such a die hard fan
That moment you realize you dread Cainer's starts. What has this world come to?!? I no longer wish to live in its present form.
I just want to be a back up dancer
vsx sports bras &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; nike dry fit
I know this ain't ya first , but it's better than your last
I have high hopes for .
I just want one of my cats to snuggle me and they keep running away.... Thanks fur balls.
I want a belly button piercing but don't want an ugly ass hole or scare in my body when I get older
Y Se Largo De Mi Vida Por Que No Supo Controlar Sus Ganas hahhaha Puta Barata Como Ust Hay Miles
Messi is bae
I wanna hit up apple bees tomorro
She had no clue how much you ment to her.... Now she is terrified because she fell so hard, and doesn't want to screw up again.
I've said it before &amp; I'll say it again. I'm naming one of my sons EmMANUel.
Bish If you wanna burger, eat a burger \nIf you want a fren fri, eat a French fri!
Last day of Brookdale... Need a 1% on this exam to pass the class
I know this is not how people talk for a job offer...
I hope Vanessa comes back safe.
WHY IS MY CREEPY NEIGHBOR BACK!
I've never had that before in my over dozen year when to my central american country.
Love how the whole team is rocking Stirups
Philly crowd booing every one. Stay classy Philadelphia. # Philadelphia
June has been so hectic - E3, DreamHack, and MLG. Ready for some hibernation now &gt;&lt;
If u are buildings a cloud solution find out what biz wants &amp; the devs need. Then learn what ops needs 2 deliver &amp; support it.
Difference between sunset and this pool is we can drink at this pool
food is life and food keeps me living
One of you assholes is prolly gonna change that to cum right?
SLIDE INTO MY DMS FOR MY NUMBA
Guys 10 more until 700 followers!! OMG I just realized!!
The difference between a guy who cares and one who doesn't is like night and day
So desperate for chocolate that I just ate craisins. Does that even count?
That awkward moment when a 10 year old weights more than me. .
Chuck Todd: All he needs is two tiny horns on his head, a tail and a producer who is willing to bring Damn Yankees back to Broadway!
Like go days without showering that shit is nasty man
I don't want anyone else to have your heart, kiss your lips, be in your arms, be the one you love. I don't want anyone to take my place.
Babysitting for three days straighttt
With the first overall pick in the Thot draft, selects , from Huntington, New York.
I never wanted to live in the US ! I always wanted to like in Spain
Let it rain let it rain let it rain let it rain let it ran let it rainnnnnnnnn
Nathan &amp; I are getting married bc we both have super flat feet :') yay yay yay
No one will ever understand the love I have for Justin. Like not even do I
Why Reigns Romans didn't come to save Vickie
nem vi mais GOT7..
\"That's Virginia. You know 2 up 2 down\".
\": likey! Perfect temp! SF always on my bucket list\" i am a great tourguide and work for beer.
He still remembers what I said in the vid
Sometimes the most important life lessons are the ones we end up learning the hard way.
But why can't everyone be as nice as the people who work at Chick Fil A ???
Ok too many people asking when I'm having kids\/getting married
Grown up problems suck. I gotta worry about furniture too! Hahha
Greinke looks like he belongs on the beach with a surfboard, not on the pitching mound.
Add me dainty deserts
But it's so nice to see Keira Knightley having some fun. And lo and behold, she and Hailee Steinfeld make weirdly great scene partners.
I know how much pain you're in. And I know how much I keep causing it...
sittin in the studio tryna get to you baby
That shot had better curves than half the girls at PUC
vou assistir pll que ganhe mais
If you have constant drama with everyone, we can't be friends.
Someone bring me to the gorge this week.
Haven't been up this early in months
Saw an awesome tank today at the store!
My mom just referred to and I as a \"2 man cult\" ............
8 more days .......
Wackk how we can't see the fireworks this year
\"I wish there was a way to know you were in the good old days...before you've left them.\"
Corner deli is a must whenever I sleep at house
Can't sleep. Kitty boo boo is biting my ear and trying to gauge out my eyeballs.
Jermaine jone que Goooolaso
Watching Walker Texas Ranger this morning, that's pretty American on this holiday, I would say
So is going to be in New York while I'm here but I can't go see him and I didn't get to go in L.A. either :(
Haha retreading the tweets I posted an hour ago.. LOL I was hella mad
I didnt think i missed home as much as i do now that im here.
I didn't know having big dreams was a bad thing
This girl is not my kind of person. Yelling and making a girl cry on Bart because her phone fell and landed on you is just so cruel
Baba 4 yasinda oglunun ustune kapanmis kursunlar ona geliyo cocuk altta agliyo , teravih hakkatten kac rekatti kilsakmi kilmasakmi acabadayz
Dad I'm not gonna get arrested for having a scented tree on my rear view mirror smh
why is Kim Kardashian blonde she looks disgusting
This bitch infront of me is giving such a hard time in the drive thru.
I know wanted to fuck with me since we was young
teen wolf is honestly the dumbest show ever.
I can't open one of Tyler or Alanna's snapchats around my parents cause it always got something to do with pussy smh
Bored as shit who wants to do something
I have THE BEST best friend
Chicks LOVE to max out the steering wheel.
Something's gotta change but I literally suck at change
Wow babe would ignore me for soccer
we are watching hsm2 and skipping to all the songs only lol
Pulling a all nighter for no reason at all except because I have 0 things to do tomorrow for the 1st time in weeks
Thank you Clint Dempsey!!!!!! I lovr youuuu.
When and I happen to run into at Happy Donuts at 1 am &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Just got outta surgery what a nerve wreck! So happy it turned out good!
If this rain holds up, I wanna go see the fireworks at the Brooklyn Bridge
track record?jelas sy sdh baca lah dr masing2..i'm libra n i'm always doing research before making decission
somebody take me to the beachhh
I never let fame change me ..I done lived overseas got euros for playing ball. . I did all the streets have to offer nothing to prove
imma go as far as you let mee
Sana po, Lord. I guide nak
Jk Fuck Ya'll lol
July is my birthdaayyyy month &amp; my pops month. TU
Baby I ain't doing this shit for nothin'
Africa no gano el mundial todo el mundo
And I'm not even sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
I wonder how it feels to be the most hated person in Greece....
I just Friendzoned Abraham
Dempseyyyyyyy let's gooooo
A little fucked up but I mean still...
Just thought I'd let you Guys know
\"we are fearless, independent and original.\"
You can have our weapons if you promise to use them only on bad guys
Slightly hungover. Brunch sounds like life rn
Hoy se beeebeeee !!!
Is it bad that I picture Christian Grey as Ed Westwick
Omgggggg right now!!! Happy pride people!
Ugh, cannot stand a judgemental, holier than thou attitude. Really, that just irked me to no end.
For example I can name some religious people off the top of my head that have told me that I'm wrong and that they will \"pray for me\"
I wanna go to Hawaii
Lemme just enjoy my last few days in New York
My best friend is living the life of luxury on a tropical island and I'm stuck here forced to go on a search for candles.
You don't boo your own player. You just don't.
Graduation No. 2 today. , howdy.
Damn man life is crazy rip fam
Snapchats from Dana and Megan singing and dancing along to latch in the car will never get old haha
Have you heard the orchestral symphonic suite by skrillex on the bangarang album. It's magic.
The penguin emoji looks much better than Google+'s, if I can think.
I would hate to live in a big town
You ever just want so desperately for someone to give just a single fuck about you and your feelings?
I also wanna go to Vegas by the age of 23 who wanna go
I can't believe got to say Hank like 12 times. And then asked him if he was a cult leader. SO GOOD.
I miss Alex already
This rain calls for some TjMaxx shopping this afternoon
forever crying over the fact that i missed the flaming lips twice
I love summer but I HATE BEES
WHAT THE FUCK , that kick in the face ?!
My puppy is snoring my ear. I knew she'd be a cuddlebug but never knew she'd be this much of one. Little brat... :3
Reflecting on how the bf\/bd taught me how to assemble the car seat and stroller today...
It's over. win 2014 championship. Congrats Spurs!!!
Wow, held tough to get to the end of extra time! PKs will decide if or will face in the Quarters!
Imagine if our game goes to pens like this?
Also witnessed a cop smoking a cigar while driving... WHAT IS LONG ISLAND
I've never ate so much in such little time
I will never fight over a bitch that's petty
Getting high by the pooooool beats anything else
So. I've been offline for about a half hour. How many draft rumors did I miss?
I haven't been up three minutes and I'm ready to punch someone
Try and understand the people around you. You may not be going through the struggle but someone else might be.
My parents can't even tell me what to do what's makes a guy think they can
It ain't in my lungs if it ain't that pressure!
it sucks when your parents want you to act like an adult and you just want to be young
Maybe it's just the jet ski, but that movie reminds me of a female in a movie lead.
Haven't seen that many Olu people this summer
The Beach was fun this weak but im so ready to go home
If you're not watching Greece v Costa Rica you should turn to because were about to see our 2nd game of the day go into penalty kicks
Looking at all of my drawing books. I use to draw so good.
\"I'm like what you on? Told me 2 on. Ha, we a few on\"
Someone text me ? Cuz apparently she got home and she's to busy to even send me a text to make sure she was safe ? v.v tbh imiss her thoe :(
My knees are weak as fuck rn
Sat here with a 163 page manuscript in front of me not knowing whether to cry or cheer
Don't ever look back. You're not going that way.
Gonna need a nice glass o water.
Gonna get raped by chem tm :)))
Bout he doh do this. He doh do da. He doh show up. HULLLL ALYUH MUDDA CUNT.
Parker is not playing!
My ex yesterday called me a crazy bitch who can't get over him yah totally I can't get over u oh wait as soon as u said that I did
That looked almost as bad as when Lebron cramped up.
Greg Popp won't even crack a smile lmaoo
When you make awkward eye contact with the people in the car next to you...
.I've went through your screening process many times. I've determined it's extremely flawed, ineffective and violates human privacy.
Everybody wants 2 b a cat
\"we accept the love we think we deserve\" - perks of being a wallflower
I got a paper cut when I was opening an envelope from UND
Advinen: es algo largo aveces corto depende de la persona te introduce la primera vez duele hasta que te acostumbras pero igual duele que es
dont even need a picture with demi tm being in her presence is enough
So i picked up some extra hours working 6-11:30
I be knowing too much. But I learned not to react mad quick and just wait till the time is right.
Just found a love letter I wrote to Mr.Battle junior year that I was supposed to give him at graduation hahaahhaha oh my
Bae where you @
The one they love to hate
So the inevitable Beas\/TP scoring was has begun.
fans! Be sure to listen in to on Wed. @ 9:10am. I'll be talking NHL draft w\/ &amp;
I find it hilarious when I'm watching a show about stalkers and they have the same name as people I know
So proud of my idiots I love u with all my heart congrats
did anyone see Bowling For Soup at Warped Tour
Being tortured to watch this game
Me mosca and steph have been talking on my deck for 2 hours
The East is weak no credit even getting to Finals! There is very low chance they make to the finals in the West
your so arrogant, please shut the fuck up
I feel like my avi might intimidate people. It's my natural face and I am always pissed.
watching the best do what they do... The guys in blue...
Way to ruin it bro, good job
\"last night i literally dreamt about chipotle\" -
Call me what you want but you can't call me handsome
my bro's band, THE NAKID MIRRORS, is rocking tonight @ Rude Dog in Covina tonight @ 9. Get down der &amp; have a shot 4 me
Trust is so much more real in long distance relationships...
what a statement
Gotta lot of stuff on my mind
i got my strap on me just in case you wanna trip
Since I work at 4 is it acceptable to start drinking a 6 pack with my bacon egg and cheese?
Finally Bedoya comes off.
Overhearing so many females saying \"like\" - don't do it -
let's sort ourselves out now, shall we?
One of the best memories from last night was singing Billy Joel's She's Always a Woman with right next door to him.
Ok Messi u tried
I dont tell he attractive because he gets that all day from multiple girls. Lol
I'ma Eagles fan till the death of me but I'm still a fan of DeSean Jackson .. Idc
Any song from footloose will always hit a soft spot on my heart.
I don't wanna hurt nobody just wanna party
I honestly cannot have better coaches especially when I get frustrated
Gyan very nearly equalized if he got to that cross
Flight from Vegas delayed, now I have 7hr to do everything in time from EDC for Paradiso....... The struggle is real
Awe my cheer sister is being so cute right now
Holy crap Manu
Niggas sneak dissin, dey bitches, I be wit Ben now
I think should make a move. Fav this if you think he should.
Who would like to beach it tomorrow
Whatever ignore me like always ...
Last night found my location on find my friends and then looked up the address on white pages and asked me how it was.
you with it Derrick or nah?
Everybody got all the answers until it's time to take the test themselves
There was such a build up for 4th of July and now it's just a big let down
Its not over. Stay focused
My phone has been blowing up all day. This never happens. Something is wrong haha
If I need to tell these bitches one more time what my lipstick is
Uno mira los favoritos de esa persona y queda como \"Ah, que chimba :)\" por eso es mejor no mirar esas mierdas.
Can't leave my room bc responsibilities
What's Penny Dreadful about and is it any good?
I wanna meet hella new people over the summer
I didn't you wear underwear in nudes... I always thought nudes were nudes. Learn something new everyday.
Can I be in Tahoe pls
Celebrate now Costa Rica, but wait till RVP sticks 3 past you on Saturday
i have no idea what i'm wearing to this graduation
Your ass smells
KOBE &gt; LEBRON
There Goes Dempsey's Nose
Being over 21 and acting like you're 12 is not a cute look!!!!!
Hannah just said \"OMG Ashley you're getting me Instagram famous\"
I wouldn't even mind pitching in gas wtf meet me halfway or something its bullshit
RONALDO. SUCH AMAZINGS
Sooooo long bitch you did sooooo wrong i dont wanna go on livin in this worrrrrrrrrrld without youuu
Anybody know what Sen. Vitter is doing this summer?
Sometimes I feel ...... Like I'm that fucking niggaaaaa!!!!!
Just saw a guy standing on the sidewalk w\/ a bunch of anti-Obama signs, like \"Impeach Obama\" and a poster of a chimp. The crazies are out...
USA 40 seconds in!!!!!!
I love tomorrow because I live 4 today! In life; U do it once, you do it right, then you walk away!
Guys are just as fake as girls
Monkey in the middle is the worst game ever it's mean and annoying
I don't want good &amp; I don't want good enough
Padres win! Great game by Seth Smith
these random boys just came up to me and asked for my number ..
\": Aikae, it still tastes nasty\" gayee
The spurs are the only team that shows what real basketball is
Sorry for blowing up everyone's insta with pictures.. I'm done now
I really thought Tank would lose air from her head when she went to college.
Still can't get over how disgusting that shot was. That had all types of bend on it
being me i love gambit and channing so it's perfect k bye
Lol tht goal was quick!
Dick all in ya bitches mouth and Shawty say she like the taste
buenas noche ahora me voy pa facebook a chat un poco. jeje
I love you so much and I just want a follow. I've been waiting for so long please
I've been wearing the same outfit for three days
Did a lot of shit just a different lifestyle
When he tryna get tha money for the rent.
so that is 4 that opt out
Text me Kik me : Emi415 I'm trying to have a conversion haha
Be conscious in whatever you do. It becomes a meditation. Next time when you eat something just watch it ,cn
Why do people call to get something delivered and not know their fuckin address omfg
Lol I still can't get over Kira's \"dancing\"!!!
The letter I wrote Paul made him cry therefore I succeeded
rainy days make me so tired
Girl i cant lie you just my type
Can't wait to see my Turk and lishyyyyy
o the irony of the 4th of july this friday fireworks 2 burn down america and start it again from the ashes
I can't clean my belly button ring because I literally can't see it over my boobs this is the funniest thing that's ever happened to me
But you can lay w me so it doesn't hurt
And yea your acting like a Mitch! Hahahah
I think she hates me deep down I know she does she wants to erase me !
Just had a great Bloody Mary to kick off the 4th made with mixer. Bloody Mary mix is a weird thing to recommend but...I recommend.
Takes one fuck up for me to get pissed of at you permanently
Lmao this dude post a pic of his dick on Instagram &amp; he thought he DM it &amp; It was on his news feeds
Gonna go home, shower, &amp; knock the fuckkkkk out
My boy has a way with words
I wouldnt mind some of Sosh's Mum's sweet and sour right now
My mom said she's sick of my drunk driving
every month tho
If its meant to be, it will be.
What hurts the most, was being so close, and having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
My fav place in woodland or the continent
WUT IS THAT REAL
Horrible ending to an awesome weekend ..
sucks when someone says theyre gonna do something but never follows thru
Juat had breakfast, it wasn't great. Thank you America.
I hate how people say Michael Bradley is good though...
The fall of has been a painful thing to watch.
Slept through dinner, sorry dad.
Oh, Hamburger Helper. I've missed you so much.
Messi has NOTHING on jermaine jones!
In the car thinking... Stacy's mom's got it goin on.
Best part is Popovich on the sideline with the same expression he always has on
Go team USA!!
First day at the internship tomorrow-- working for the state of NJ, one step closer to becoming president.
Good looks on the text back.
.just discovered your BBC In America series. Loving it!
Alexa moved seats so she wouldn't share her McChicken with me
Wait.... I MIGHT BE STUDYING ABROAD NEXT YEAR GLORY HALLELUJAH
I want that cedes coupe so badlyy
I feel the need to go to a really loud rock show. Hehe...
You don't even make me happy anymore. There's no point in keeping you around.
Por eso es que estoy loca por salir de esa escuela pa' no pisar ahi mas nunca la crema! -.-
U needa go to bed I abut the one taking a regents tmm
Johnston: when analyzing, don't rely on averages. There are other subdemos in which inequality is worse\/looks different.
Marissys sending me the dirtiest snap chats and I'm kind of concerned
I don't know how to play cool
quOTE THIS WITH HAYES PICS BC FEELS ARE STRONG
My crush is someone in the future
I feel so old . I still remember when a hashtag was called a pound sign.
What's wrong w America ISN'T the decision today, it's people freaking out over it who are completely misinformed. EDUCATE YOURSELF.
Why wasn't \"The Day It All Changed\" on the album?!
And the diving begins!
WOOOOOOO!!! COSTA RIICAAAAA!!!
I use Dique a lot lol
no matter what the context is it's still rude...
The worst feeling is the pain that comes from knowing you're not going to see someone again.
dancing in the mirror , singing in the shower
where's your knee at bro?
Ahora si me re urge un celular.
Sext: girl u be like apple's emoji categories bc u r very disorganized
2:49 am and I'm up... that's what I get for going to sleep at 6:30 pm last night
soy humana y me puedo equivocar..
Growing every day as a person and realizing how amazing life is, is an amazing feeling.
Is mos def still in Africa
Let's be real though my eyebrow game was so great back in 6th grade
Me: wtf is a teacher certificate??\nJohana: oh it's a certificate for teaching
AYOO PARTY AT STEPHS DRUNK BITCHES FOR EVERYONE!
Si Liro sa Dyesebel, parang mackerel na napadpad na pampang ng Pilipinas. Tapos pinipilit maging galunggong.
When you go bald the hat is just as essential as the fit!
Am I wrong for thinking that the World Cup is so. Incredibly. Boring?!
\"What we wear affects how we feel and behave. Wearing bright colors makes you more generous and optimistic\"no wonder I'm always moody
This sucks cause I know that I'm not alone because of my amazing friends, but I feel completely alone.
Can't have a good song without a good beat.
I'm sitting next to Ugly Betty's dad
I am going to a German pub tomorrow for class to observe German's watching the soccer match. Why is my professor so cool? Too bad I'm not 21
The summer is quiet they said. Not many calls they said. Bring back the students! I'd rather deal w\/duty during the academic yr.
So like am I going to get a diploma soon or is this just a really big joke and I actually didn't graduate?
They say that lightening don't strike twice, I'm starting to doubt it
I have officially had 35 beers at a single bar for the summer, so I drink for free till September 1st. I have a problem.
packing sucks, unpacking sucks, being away from your friends sucks, everything sucks.
Tracy u mexican I swear if you don't take that picture down I will dead come up the block to your crib &amp; punch you in ur throat
That goal took too long
my eyes hurt from crying so much today
Something's been in my eye for 20 minutes and it's starting to scare me
Chicharito is a Raiders fan. Light weight respect.
Lol I say this all the time \": You are not talking about me if you don't say my name . IDC IDC IDC\"
Smokin dope, pour up a 4 &amp; I dont pop no pillllls
LOL I TOLD MY MOM \"DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO\" WHILE SNAPPING MY FINGERS IN Z FORMATION AND SHE CALLED ME A QUEER HAHAHAHAHA
happy fathers day to the coolest dad
Can we get a definitive answer on whether or not to place hand over heart during the national anthem? No one ever seems to know what to do.
Ronaldo is trash hahahahaha
Man but for real...Usher still that nigga. Pause
let's go on a picnic and then to the art museum
What if... Just what if, I didn't hate you
the world we live in on a day to day basis has made the onion completely superfluous lmao
So weird to be in NY... But just for a min
Ugh, its too hot to be wearing wigs.
Time and communication. Two key things in any situation.
I bought another Green Star juicer; I love a carrot juice with a whole lemon &amp; half a head of garlic. Makes me smile :-)
Idk about you, but I'm having a great summer
Was that guy dressed as teddy Roosevelt?
If i hear one country song today im blowing my brains out
Monday JUST started and it's already blessed. Answers usually come in the form of silence. Be still. God always answers. Good Morning! xo
Don't want to go home just yet
World war z is very intense. I actually stopped online shopping to pay attention
USA goalie is nice
you would make my day please
The bus finally comes &amp; it's pack .
Yall girls and yall invisible baes... did you forget that some of the people you follow, know the real you ? Man yall gotta do better lmao
So, maybe I'm not as funny as I thought I was....
Babes back with the cookies. Nice bAbe.
I had 3 goblets of long island ice tea I don't know how else to describe this monstrous drink and I need to pee
I need to get my eyebrows done
THE CAPTAIN GIVES US THE LEAD
What the hell is it opposite day, for once everyone else is watching a robot show for the first time that i've already seen
If the rumor of a chipotle near Niagara is true.. Life is complete
I wanna die
A lot less drama here compared to vs penalties.
All my niggas know I'm the nigga that knows wassup already aha
the fact that tomorrow is the last monday of the school year makes thinking about getting up at 6am slightly less painful
About to eat some wind pie nothing chops and breeze juice
When each parent tells you two completely different things and they get mad for picking the wrong one to listen to and call you a liar
Yo soy mas valiente respecto a las cosas de mi novia, porque solo me tiene a mi y si yo no soy, quien la protege?
It's 4am, court just peed in the middle of the street then claimed to see a bird, all while steph complains of wet sox... We're 100% sober.
Extreme armchair QBIng: if don't steal 2nd, which was pretty risky, then Cain definitely gets a hit and the game continues.
Well the didn't take long.\n
Counting words back to when you said good bye
Here we go with L&amp;HH depressing me without warning
\"Undress me cause... that's sexy\"
chasing pills with liquor... how classy of me
I feel like falling asleep, but, everyone gonna look at me like I'm crazy
Really just fucked up for that.
Finally put this ac in my room no more hot room
Who wears a scarf in summer lmao.
Rain's a comin' so I think I'll go to
USA is proving me wrong! Let's go keep it up!
Greeks are so butt hurt .. They are upset they lost the game too
Loving the shorts and maxi dress I bought today ! I'm never this excited about sweaters and coats in the winter time.
Joder no tengo nada que tuitear.
My Brother-in-law is in Vegas right now. Thinks it's cool to send me pictures of Wolfgang Puck's restaurant right now.\n\nI'm not okay with it
That goodbye was much harder than I had expected.
My pride will be the death of me
Honestly there was no need for that but aye that's just my opinion
cuando mas se necesita es cuando mas se demora
Besides the fact that a sophomore duke commit just kicked my ass up and down the field I had a great time
Johnston: \"Inequality and poverty are not the same thing.\"
I'm grounded but like that's not gunna happen bc I don't give a fuck.
I s2g you need to answer me
I don't care anymore. It's all fun &amp; games.
We use social media to keep up on the latest in &amp; . Celebrating because data is complex!
Before you try to speak some \"prophetic\" word against me, just know I fear no . You don't have any power over me.
I can't remember the last time I been to church it's been like 2 months tho smh
But you know that there's nowhere that I'd rather be than with you here today
Happy birthday to a true legend, Kris Kristofferson. Hope he's enjoying a great \"Sunday Morning Coming Down,\" maybe w\/o the coming down part
During 2012 Open heart surgery, had a dream whisper- its not your time yet. But U must not hide+share your + dont judge your poems
I just watched the Spider Man movie for the first time in my life
has no time to develop young promising players like Flores when he is busy being fascinated by an overcrowded outfield!
why would u tell someone to comment sue of side ? so fucked up
Crazy how differently our generations were raised....I actually hate out generation.
Went to a bar called PJ's.
I honestly stan for the same that I do for tbh
I don't read A Song of Ice and Fire because its good, I read it so that I can tell people that it is better than the show.
Why are these kids running around and making so much noise
Be careful who you trust , the devil was once an angel.
Anyone wanna explain to me what's going on? My tv took a shit.
Chilling on a fatass bean bag with my daughter waiting for my boo to be off work
Pues yo quiero acabar como Yurena me hace ilusion xD
Am I the only one who thinks Ronaldo is not good looking ...
He's finally coming out the closet. Lmao
its getting too much.... showing us lollipop(RAGNA) and giving us (Kamlakahumla)
For my 17th birthday I wished that I would become magically hot and that boyz would want me. I'm not any hotter but wtf is happening???
Tbh I kinda don't wanna even go out today , it looks too gloomy outside
Fak nana akng dad fak fak
I liked the Johnny a lot, but \"micromanaging\" players needs to happen when Manziel is reflecting this bad of an image of Browns franchise
Idk base ball why am I at a Yankee game
Sour gummy worms are my life
Golasoooooo! USA first 30 seconds!!!
Do you listen? Or do you wait to talk?
Mens hairstyle : Federer usual sporty and Milos' prom day hair style
last day in new york
\": i'll blow ya house up\"lmfao swallow a bomb
The people are now enslaved to work over 5 months out of the year for the GOV (taxes)... That in includes all you Union boys.
Passed a motorcyclist down, but alert, in a car-involved accident in the Market and Van Ness :-(. Drive safe, people.
Por Que Putas Me Tiene Que Pasar A Mi :(
We can't afford another injury wth
Listening to set at EDCLV while I'm cleaning, is seriously making me anxious for Sunday.
Cannot wait to ball with the boys tonight
Ignoring is not talking at all I was just appreciating ur face relaxing and watching Hilary swank
I miss it's been a min since I've seen that nugget
: Loyalty is everything.\" For some ppl others don't know the meaning of loyalty
WHY IS EVERYONE COMING AT ME I SAID ONE THING TO BREANA HOP OFF
I'm a really good cook.
Costa Rica has no army, but those guys out there today were true warriors. Now, let me update the Wikipedia page
Im so ready to write two exams, one Friday and next Tuesday
I literally stand in the kitchen and do nothing
dont know how yall parents let you go to your gfs\/bfs house.
Legit so annoyed that people are really tanning today... Don't you have better things to do?
My bday is pretty much over. Thanks for all the wishes
So aggravated that the is planning on having Cena win at to become new champion.
I let her ride while I drive her crazy
No school in the morning for a while. That feels good
Why does he love me lately?
Sometimes people dislike me for questioning 'authority' but the last thing I want is a life of conformity to things I don't believe.
I want to see a CONCACAF semi-final. vs . It's only right.
I refuse to accept Looking for Alaska as a movie??????
Bikram yoga is most likely the best workout ever
I just can't get into Stromae.\nWhoops.
about to get ready have a whole three days of partying gonna have a real good sleep tonight!!!! from Friday-sunday .....it's LITT!!
Anni, you are the most wonderful women I met.
So tired but I still need to watch last night's true blood
This is all gonna fall on Lebron even tho he's the only one even trying
Take to the statue and pray that God does a miraculous healing. C'mon he deserves to be healed and playing. Ugh
I rap for prisoners, bluntheads, \nfly ladies and prisoners.
My underwear game is not where it needs to be right now. Polo or gtfo
Went to a concert yesterday got home at midnight didn't study and got an A+ on my history exam... how idek
.&amp; how do you define tech v nontech in your diversity data? Trying to compare apples to apples
I can't wait for this summer to be over. I just want to jump off a bridge.
Just needa survive this 8hr preclosing shift
LOL where is this even coming from? I swear my mom don't ever stop, I don't ever hear the end of it
I want to see tbs again
WHY WONT CALL ME?!? IM SORRY THAT IM UNATTRACTIVE BUT PLEASE CAM
i hate when people texting me and when I dont reply right away they send me 20 more messages -.-
My mom named me Rachel so I wouldn't have any nicknames or mocknames...
Fuck that, you gon get some dick today
6: tbn , yah kitchen bitch lmaoo
Come on Iceman
I freaking love organic fruit mannnnnn
Happy 4th of July and all that shit. Be safe. I'm going to work.
Only thing keeping me from skipping work and going back to sleep is this large iced coffee
Why am I Listening to the Slip Knot mix of Justin Biebers \"baby lmao
My two biggest fears for USA. 1) Germany doesn't have 2 stinkers in a row in the World Cup 2) Ghana kills Portugal (longshot of advancing)
I cant handle fringe dude. Shits whack
fuck the new soundcloud seriously fuck it
how on earth am I going to be a lawyer when I'm an100% INFP
Why do all applications have to be done online? My guess is being eco friendly &amp; go green whatever. What happened to in person and meeting?
Since I cant go gonna wait for photos of VidCon so excited
Stop showing up on my timeline, like I don't follow you for a reason
Successful first night of summer so far
This is to emotional ugh everyone's crying
Still at work. Someone save me
.Perfect timing with Go and . Please do not leave your box !!!
Were you been at on tour gettin money
So and I just sang a duet over twitter. That's right world, be jealous.
For the FIRST TIME IN OVER A YEAR I AM GENUINELY HAPPY WITH MY LIFE
Put on some cute ass leggings just in case I see tonight.
Seriously?! I came to cali to visit my family and enjoy my 2wk vacation&amp; there are explosives going on outside on the streets?! :(
Makes my head hurt to sort tweets from when I am #
The USA likes to grab a lot.
Holy shit. Holy shit.
id probably trip over the ball faking someone out
Thanks so much for dinner see you all again soon! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Corey's attempt at putting sunscreen on my back was poorly executed to say the least and I am feeling it right now
Khole look wild sexy with that grill though
I got AC on and two blankets and four pillows right now!!!
\": People really need to understand that just bcus one person does something doesn't mean their whole class is the same :))\"
How do I manage to lose a dead bug
LOL 30 second goal
I think what messi lacks is a fire haircut
Just watched Gregg Araki's WHITE BIRD IN A BLIZZARD. So Araki. So into it.
Caltrain back to good night last night ;)
I hate when ppl watch me get ready like DONT
Well I mean from the beginning she was open minded about it. But I know there was still a part of her that thought differently
I just started watching .
Omg the worst part of work is getting tired at 10:30
If I didn't know better... But damn it, I do.
The only person I've texted today is Kevin Sangalang. Where has my life gone
On a \"Ya booty don't need explainin'\" spree
Rockin with on my way back to jersey !
I sometimes hate living by the beach
Why cant I get blocked ?
\": Where's drake\" crying in a bathroom
As a kid regular 2hr movies felt like forever.... that's all imma say
Herd them niggas cant ea t in your bodega Hugh, down and out now the trap lord is ur Savior Hugh
Whenever me and Dakota are alone we have such deep conversations it's so cute
Just had a great talk with my dad about childhood and high school sports memories. Unforgettable events that I'll always cherish
Broken nose, not a broken heart
2 degrees. Hi, I have a fever.
I have a crush on
Quite honestly if I was on that field I'd go into fetal position and rock back &amp; forth, these men are beasts I'm gonna go drink some milk
Best record in MLB!
Can someone scoop me from the rec
I don't think anyone knows how pumped I am to see 's 3-5-2 tomorrow. Bring it on (we) are waiting!!
I just don't get guys complaining about being single, all you have to do is feed us and tell us we're pretty, it's really pretty simple...
ohhhhhh we have school tomorrow LOL let me sleep
Milwaukee is home to many a brewery, so this Kidd to the Bucks move makes sense.
Eu nunca tive feice acho que de trauma da stalqueada fatal. Ainda bem pq eu sou twitter com muito orgulhoooo com muito amoooor
I will never understand people who take photos with iPads
Idk if my pullout game would he strong enough for Jhene
What you said is gonna come back and haunt you. Believe dat
Paige are you ok
Shaking my fucking head lmaoo
I'm not kidding if your Jewish give me the d rn
I think those texts say delivered...and unread.
He did his best
I walked 30 blocks to get some cookies
\"THEY WERE DOING LINES OF METH\"
Turned off notifications on snapchat and at the end of the day I have like 30 stories to watch.
Im too good at dominoes it's in my blood
Lebron is crying inside.
I like the hood pornos with the regular hood bitches lol cuz i be swearin them hoes look familiar
Juno Alexa =\/= Juneau Alaska, it's not hard ppl
Cannot wait for phillip phillips concert
That dude is like banging her and kicking her ass at the same time hahahaha
Summer camp win: no one to interrupt my World Cup watching
Lol @ my boyfriend not talking 2 me
Whole squad on that fake shit
Met some cool people and had duck bacon. It was a good weekend.
I would go to In-N-Out on a daily basis if I didn't have to walk 20 minutes to get there
I suck at singing, but I love to sing super loud in my car! Hah alone though...
Waaahhh. Majorly tragic. Goodbye Hollywood. Goodbye Meschach Taylor. tears
I need to get out of my house
Joey Chestnut is already a winner before eating a single hot dog.
Hi why is no one awake
tbh i feel like i dont have any close friends anymore
Ladies RT if you under 5'4
Praying for my pops I just want to see him and my mom happy.
Today Is Gonna Be Fun,
But on another note I'm trying to get my sleep schedule back on track so I'm going to bed, night fools.
Cmon Blanco just get a hit!! I would be happy just to see that.
You's my ride or die chick you with this shit or na
U used to be a prostitute, u used to working that mouth! Quit complaining.. smh
At least Alton's is repping hard here tonight.
I reply way too fast but dgaf like if I want to talk to someone why would I take a long time to reply?!
I really hope work goes by fast today
Lady on the train, making a wire transfer for $1.5M over the phone, loudly telling the agent her username\/SSN\/accountnumber ?
Finally some practice time! Now for recovery time...
Finally home &amp; my weekend starts now.
I'm either the most gentle person or the worlds biggest asshole. Your choice not mine
Accidentally sending the wrong snapchats to ppl is my life
I think I just started a war.
Dirty mouth clean it up with orbit
I will never ever have a desk job again, fucking kill me.
What the hell is that a peacock!?!? No Matt... That would be a turkey...
If this blueberry coffee doesn't make me fe better, then I'll be at a loss.
Amazing how a yawn is contagious
El novio de tonu, ahre na mentira jajajajajajjaajjajajaja no te enojes por el twt c: c:
Man and I'm missing this tribute to Mr Padre.
Don't lose the moon while counting the stars.
The crazy thing is that it was his own nephew that shot him on his way to his own mother funeral. Thats deep. Smh.
Im so excited to see my friends tonightt
Nah, everybody really wearing white at the
How can we let people pretend that denying women health care is the same as defending religious freedom?
Pero Bosh se lo sigue creyendo que mete de tres.
in the midst of it all, i was somehow capable of finding a perfect red dress for recruitment. thank you forever 21 for having everything
The Host was a good movie 8\/10 would recommend
I hate domicans and hatians in case they are cross
Dexter is a very ominous show
it's gonna be one of those nights
Idk how I feel bout that? Lmfao
That goal was sick! Go U.S. !!
You can't force what isn't right. it's hard but it's better to let go then to try to hold on to something that's already gone
Why do I even try talking to people.
Next time I won't fukk wit a \"user\"
I wanna wear flowers in my hair
If I ever drink it will not be beer that is gross and basic. XD
Landscaping during the day. Working through the night.
Feel like I'm outgrowing people I care about.. Should I feel bad?
Spent all day networking that I didn't even get to see Manhattan. Finna go explore.
You know I'm mad at you if you don't hear from me for a few hours.
Maggle Cole inherited Teddy Long's wardrobe. Vince probably bought him all those suits because its how he thinks a black man dresses.
Horrible migraine this morning.
Already are you serious??
Wow Heat really tried
I swear it will get easier, remember that with every piece of ya
Nipplitus is beyond real at the Shor house right now
Lol my dad and I visited my grandma at the same time from different places
Ryan &amp; I are both very attached people, who don't get sick of each other ever, and hate not seeing each other... Let's hope we survive lol.
i need to go fucking do something tomorrow
There's people who make the plate &amp; people who eat the plate.
So if you're gonna be as high as me better think of another excuse
my eyes are sleepy but my mind isn't
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah\nYou don't wanna fuck with me
I love when people send me drunk snapchats
MOSCATO use to be a classy drink but the HOoTrATS stole that....
The whole team it tryna do a Ronaldo!!
Bow Wow want people to call him by his real name
tinder remains swipe-left city except for tall\/european\/into kool music. no room for much else
I'm so angry that when my brother tried talking to me and I told him to fuck off
In hardware based startups MVP Minimum Viable Prototype is key - starting is easier use accelerators
DO YOU KNOW HOW GOOD MY LIFE WOULD BE IF I HAD MONEY GOD
Audrey Zibelman of PSC takes first question on REV. It's about giving consumers more energy choices.
Brother is growing up. Time to start teaching him sports. Baseball cages bound!
\": What a shot \"looks like a soren shot
Just because you see me tweeting, that doesn't mean I feel like texting you.
KSJC 260853Z AUTO 33006KT 10SM OVC021 18\/14 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP147 T01780144 58005
honestly what was the point in this
I give people advice, but never used them myself.
I be feeling myself when I be curving these chicks lol
Eric Rowen looks like Ronald McDonald on meth.
We watching the goonies till we tap
What's Crackin With Those 16 Bars Though (;?
1 turned to 10 and 10 turned to 20 and 20 plus and empty bottles too damn many
Lately I been loosing sleep stress sorry if my mood is steep
Who wants to teach me the whole year of chem in like 2 hours
i hate when you go to retweet something and it says tweet no longer available
This Is Not The Post Season Guys
la vie boheme somehow brings out everyone's inner lesbian
Got money on Nigeria to take out France today
Con Bolillo Gomez clasificamos a nuestro 1er mundial, con Suarez llegamos a 8vos de final y con RUEDA nos fuimos a casa en primera ronda.
When someone impulse bakes and offers you extra cookies...
i do have to say, i did spend a lot of time picking a font for the wedding invites.
My old niggas, I don't trust them
Y ya siento que me falta un beso
the more you want something, the easier it is to convince your mind of things that aren't true
Damn near 25 Im not going to anyone's bikini top and cargo shorts party MEWAL has to stop lol
How did I get a scratch on my neck?
I think you need a size 12 shoe up your ass because you're so god damn self righteous and patronizing
Never really thought about it like that
Seriously watch ones all the seasons of breaking bad because I have no life
Had to follow the twolves guy just incase... Not losing hope lol
Mostly because I'm using butter
OMG OMG YEEEESSSS!!
I wanted to Plat Watch_Dogs but that one is more trouble than it's worth. I'll try to Plat Murdered: Soul Suspect though.
Banning cars on Lombard St. has backfired. Pedestrians clog the street instead ***because pedestrians are so much more dangerous than cars!
Smh didnt gimme nothing for my bday
when I don't want to talk to someone I pretend to be death.
LeBron Did All He Can But Where Was His Team ? They All Disappeared
49 days til Bonaventure! Hurry up!
Anyone wanna come over and rip some pucks?
Hey why aren't you following ?!
Man this ump was arrogant when talking to bochy. He has been awful all day.
Yay for pitching a no hitter!!!!!! Favorite pitcher
Life ain't as bad as u think it is... even when its HORRIBLE
I only have so much to give before I have to take.
GoodnightMentions For A Follow But Must Murder My &amp;&amp;&amp; Botton (Females Welcomed)(Sexy Girls Welcomed)&lt;----
I don't even care enough anymore to even try
porque eres otro en las cuestiones del amor muy diferente
I just bought a pound of cookies and cream Lindt truffles
Just gotta keep thinking about that pay check (:
Ha for real you're such a bitch stop trying to play everyone
Played the Frozen soundtrack for Kenley and we danced around the kitchen together. Yeah I'm 5 too
I need plans for tonight because idk if I feel like hanging out with my aunt and sister ...
Like why am I wearing jeans right now ... Shouldn't it be hot and nice out it's the 4th ....
I believe Diaw is gay.
30 seconds in say whaaaaa?
Didn't think I'd get there this fast, but here I am: 13 lbs lighter in a couple of months - thanks to
I'm glad everyone went down to the shore when they told me they couldn't.
They are now officially married... What a beautiful ceremony!
Stevie and joseline so messy they can't be married
I should be mad at all that shit you tweet.
i constantly read buzzfeed articles that i cannot relate to ex) \"18 signs you're a southerner\"\/\"27 struggles retail workers understand\" etc
that was the best donut I've ever had
Erik Spoelstra is trash! Beasley should've been playin....but he wanna play Udonia Haslem and James Jonea or whatever the fuck his name is!
Today I tipped the people @ DQ, I would have never done that a yr ago!
No es por na pero yo me convierto completamente newyorkino cuando los boricuas empiezan a aplaudir en el aterrizaje
Board President Kakishiba recuses himself from consent report with contract for EBAYC, where he is ED.
I didn't do anything to you for you to be acting the way that you are.
can me and oomf pleaaaase go see \"Deliver Us From Evil?\"
The things you say hurt me so much
GoT and Taco Bell, am I doing summer right?
Tim Howard and Hope Solo need to meet up sometime and make babies.
Would go to bae's crib after work, but, I just wanna go home and sleep. I'm tired af
I love oitnb so much I don't want to finish season 2
Doing damage in Old Navy
I CANT TAKE IT!!! SPURS!!!! LETS FUCKING GO!!!
Lexi: \"there's a slug on the wall\"\nTammy: \"Lexi it's a fly\"
I Feel Bad For That Nigga Lebron Smh !
Most badass picture I've ever seen. Makes me wanna go for a moto run and yell \"oorah\" the whole time.
Bosnia comming back with it!!!! Lets goooooooo
Smh the only real might on my TL
The new is on the cover of the new .
Getting paid $14 an hour. Ima have to spoil shawty
BECKERMAN IS SO HOT
I want 1 million followers ,. Hmm I need a TV show and a sex tape and what else?
I honestly just need to get away from here for a little while
What do you think my \"yo\" meant ?
Jaeleen is really the only one who thought about doing something special for my bday. She's so cute.
Vaca is over time to make monayyyy
I honestly should study but I only got the English essay &amp; Spanish final tommorow
Anything to do in this small town tonight?
You never fail to hear the most ratchet names on late night love lol
hypocrites are the best kind of people.
THEYRE ALREADY SELLING PANIK JERSEYS?! Must cop.
Wait I think I see him! .... Nope... That's an Indian lady...
And all we lack is communication like service sucks
I can't stop listening to this new Sam Smith album.
My babies is coming from Arkansas tonight! I haven't seen them in almost two years! I'm so excited!
Tiffany is hella fucking stupid and funny hahahah
Or whatever his name is
I'm waking Marisa up in 12 minutes! I'm bored
No more dates for this guy
Por eso adopta ese Comportamiento !
A guy who appends \", MBA\" to his email signature. \n\nUm, no.
I hate when people pretend to be best friends with each other just cause highschool's over, straight up don't be fake
Wen u do bae shxt w\/ someone that is not bae !!! That bitch is NOW bae &amp; me &amp; u are now officially dne !!!!
\"Oh I hear you, girl! That's not the dress of my dreams either.\" -My dad talking to the TV during Say Yes To The Dress
Thanks for watching the wheels fly off. It's been entertaining.
Nothing like spending the 4th driving through the rain for 5 hours~
Lol why do I keep trying????????
I really don't know what you bitches see in these weak niggas. Shit makes me sick
Lessons, powerpoint, camps, materials, artwork, bios, proposals, meetings, receptions, talks, happenings, travels, retreat, school...
They have a commercial about impeaching president Obama haha
I get it, the trendy wanna be hippie movement seems to be the in thing but your crochet bra flower wreath and dream catcher isn't og hippie
Made this bitch take off the polish and re paint my feet since she wana be sloppy n shit
We are the salt of the earth, the city on the hill
Really don't understand how can be so horrible.
Moms taking me shopping and I was just at the mall today
Sweating off the food u ate 2night.
every night its the same shit... fkn bored
Emptying my bank account and sending all my money and the blood of my first born son to Jermaine Jones
And then I realized it was worth it.
I don't care for this match...
Maybe I don't hate math as much as I thought
We have every single fruit except apples is this a joke
All I need is someone who will let me vent to them and cry my eyes out to...
Muy bien !!! Pasan nuestros vecinos!
Let's go get drunk ...
Good thing im leaving the country so I don't have to hear the garbage coming out of 's mouth all day
It took a while to get to this point.... but I dead don't care no more. (shrugs)
Thank you beer for helping me forget it was Monday lol
Em San Francisco ja,amen carai,7hrs de viajem,mas queria muito que essa viajem desse errado que nem da ultima vez
I swear my mom lives her life scared
My sister TRYNNA tell me DEREK IS DEAD KEEP SAYING THAT AND YOU'LL BE DEAD
She bathes in moonlight, always the midnight lover, always the forever kid
Idk whats good for me
I wanna smoke weed all day and I'm gannnaaa
In gonna sleep for 15 hours tn
THERE KINDING THATS A JOKE OMG
LOL. jk she's a bitch and just left me
Bout time USA
Seja sincero(a), mas nunca diga tudo que pensa.
The birds are starting to chirp. Party to the break of dawn yo
Dempsey back in aye
I know some of you have asked questions, hope to get answers out tomorrow, getting sick on the road sucks.
I've been ready since my dad used to tell me he was comin to the house to get me but He ain't show up! Valuable lesson, man I had to grow up
When life gives you lemons, go buy some pizza. Pizza is way better than lemons.
14. Why did you and your ex break up?
Those wall sits did me good today hah (:
scratch my bug bites and tell me im pretty
A perfect 10 lord knows I need one
wow i honestly feel like it was yesterday that i graduated.. where does time goo honestlyyy
I think this dude on the train is wearing make up
the 545am wake ups for work are really getting to me
Thinking of re watching the first season of
Fun fact: while cleaning garbage last night i proceded to get raw chicken juice on my pants...
all I gotta say is WHAT THE FUCK
This is why I'm hot
It's nights like this that I looked forward to as a young friendless nerd. I love my life
I need an End of TV Show soundtrack.
It's w.e though the song is not even that nice.
TP Cheatin In The 4th
why THE FUCK am I not consuming obscene amounts of alcohol right now
People watching is my favorite pastime
Looks like Lebron is going back to the cavs next year.
I'm watching gossip girl and so far it's stupid.
And you love being Kobe when you make the lay up, til you realize everybody in the world fuckin hates the Lakers
Good morning when you haven't talked to a person for a while and you don't wanna make the first move cus u feel stupid...
I've apparently been re-classed to an MRE supervisor with out my knowledge
But square-cut or pear-shaped, these rocks don't lose their shape!!!!!!!!
It's cool though I'm not tripping
Now they have Lydia . Noooo
Sleeping in a car with two guys all night can be good or bad.
Crappppp there goes Altidore
Besler is the cutest imo tho
La Solucion A Todo Es Dormir ;)
Niggas is trying for alley oops smh
The day I see animal cruelty in person will be the day I become a murderer. Tbh..
Linkin Park - In The End
Have a Happy and Safe 4th of July! :-)
Ratchet people don't know how to act on a beach
I got a 75 on my physics regents. I'm actually pretty proud of my self
This is the first place I've stopped on this road trip that hasn't had a Starbucks. I've done it. I've found the last wilderness in America.
Happy fathers day to me for having no kids
The taco truck is here!!!
Psalms 7:1 O Lord my God, in thee do I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me..
Still unclear on how I have any friends at all still
we all know that Freako leaked the sex tape
Someone needs to start a \"dogs of New York\" website
Just got in a quick round with he's got no bars tho
German is such an ugly language
Errbody at my job smokes ... This one girl be coming in there crossfaded and shit
If you don't know how to draw on your eyebrows... Don't draw on your eyebrows.
Fuck this game I'm watching Menace II Society
In the mood to smash all the plates in my house.
no twitter, i dont want to explore the world cup
Why'd you only call me when you're high?
Even though my story is 92 secs it's so worth the watch honestly
Don't leave your girl around me, true playa for real
I'm ready for this game 5 tho!
Time for Flyers to pick DeAngelo.
Happy 4th everyone.May we continue to find independence in all aspects of who we are and what wedo.
watching a fitness mom make her 5 year olds run laps and do jumping jacks outside my building . they look sad lol
Probably 75% of the pictures on my phone are screenshots of conversations. Not sorry
Huge fan of eating pizza, but could not be less interested in watching someone else do it. Disgusting.
I post a pic of Jeff Kons artwork and it barely gets 11 likes. A pic of Cheetos gets 20+. God these people.
Getting an email from my coach saying he won't be at our games tm is an angel sent from heaven
every sunday 104.5 just plays unplugged sessions all day it's so beautiful
how did end up talking in the first place you said you liked my coldplay shirt
Its hard being broken when my mind is constantly telling me to do stupid dangerous things on vacation
Ryan: Meg i love you. Thats my present
everybody is getting into relationships and i cant even find my other sock
\": You can still be successful and smoke weed, that's on you.\"
No entiendo a las mujeres pero de donde y cuando tocar.... \nEpic Win....
Let's fucking goo!!!!!!
Isolated heritage\nThis path was never relative\nI watch the way you meddle with\nExhibiting my pride
My roommate stays knocked tf out
Vacation over. Back on that work, diet, workout grind.
Not all girls are the same
Happy 4th of July everybody!!!!!!\nLong weekend and long shopping!!!!!\n:)
Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose
All im seeing on my TL is shawns new single and people saying follow me shawn
The pizza one ahahaha it gets me every time. JIMMY LIKES TO DOUBLE FIST IT. It's still funny. Bahaha
I don't mind working Sundays cus there's never anything to do. but I still don't wanna go \/:
you can blame me for who I are
I really don't like her tho. Like go... nvm
I, I feel so alive. For the very first time, and I can't deny it. I feel so alive!
When you crossed me you lost me
- people be crying like y'all know damn well ya was gonna win that
Yeah the super long elevator line doesn't apply to you. You go right ahead.
Why is it so hard for us to beat the Reds?
I'm sorry, is Michael Jackson not dead? Stop making releasing new music by him.. Especially with Justin Timberlake
Trust me if a MAN sees a women on her grown women shit he gone act right
Need to curl hair, shower, ugh
I think I may actually have a real addiction to peanut butter
*cedric runs in with an American flag speedo and shotgun with a bald eagle soaring above*
Slept for 10 hours last night and damn i feel great
What a fucking goal..
Who want it with the US lets goooo
Last year was joe curto's 7 hour party
I can turn my iMessage off so fast . Fwm
Blogs just self-manufacturing content by posting a blogger's response blog to blogs written by other bloggers on their blog site.
Running on 3 hours of sleep
I love watching Lexi and his expressions when Michael Ballack talks. You know he is thinking what the hell is he saying
entramos casi todo el curso re locos y la profe me dice , vuilleverde y estallamos todos jaja
Working security getting ready to see the fanfuckingtabulous ...
I haven't even been paying attention to the dates anymore
That was me flipping you off earlier by Lions Park btw
Threw on a bootleg of The Crazies &amp; it was horrible so we changed it to regular tv, finished the end of HalloweenH20 &amp; The Crazies came on!!
Mother Nature is clearly not American
I think and are the same person
Messi is a fucking animal
I h8 going to the doctors
I hate when people try to sound intelligent but tweet stupid shit like \"animals are treated better than humans\"
my foot is killing me from kicking Anand so hard
Crap why didn't I realize the Jackson surf taco has a bar ... I can have a drink while eating a buffalo soldier
Bosh caught the body.
Los parties de los gringos son una mierda
I have been saying lol a lot lately and I don't like it.
These bars didnt do shit. I want my fuckin money back
THE PHARISEES, SCRIBES, WERE VERY RELIGIOUS,.AND THAT WAS IT....OUTWARD FORM OF GODLINESS,BUT DENY THE POWER THERE OF..THEY'RE LOVELESS.....
everyone listen to my boi's new track
hey someone do something with me on the 4th of July
Brooklyn Bowl just blasted Turn Down 4 What when USA scored
These flies are driving me loco
Apparently we're at the point of our relationship where jake can fart on me? And that I'm weird because I don't pee in the shower.
o we might get a hurricane this weekend
eeeste dimaria no engancha ni canal 3 -_-
Saw bae in the city
95% of my tweets r lyrics from music I am listening to ha
Have to order my summer eyes! :)
oreo cookie shakes are the bomb diggity
I don't know why Alex Minsky is always in his underwear, but god bless America
The Curvy Girl From Brooklyn Will Bounce Back Curves ahead
Seriously if you have Jane Harman on the panel again I'm done w\/ the show. Been watching for 8 years. She adds NOTHING!!!
they said \"BBq\" couldnt even capitalize the Q? or call it by it's real name?
If you don't have decent teeth. We can't be friends.
I'd still bring on Wondo...
Who the hell orders a Sprite at an open bar?
JOEL CAMBELL is putting on. Clinic. Wenger is probably licking his lips at his work rate.
So ima just work on them and make them happen.
My dad always says,never trust NOBODY . not even trust your own shadow.
Guess ima be single forever time to get some beauty sleep wake up like jesus on yall
Union beach bon fire ? Good idea...
So pissed off I ain't even spelling shit right.
It don't take much to upset me
Clenched fists held above me, you will never bring me to my knees.
It's amazing how much you can miss someone
I always miss out on fun things my family does cause work :\/
the time that i will be able to edit my tweets will be a time to be alive
Damm I missed the hood so much
Everyone says that they'd fly if they could have a superpower, I'd just like to know what to say in different situations.
Lml, this app is lit, all the new movies in theaters .
Portugal sucks dick
: SFPD arrest a person they believe is responsible for a series of arsons in San Francisco. Details will be released tomorrow.
why must my snapchat be retarded??
Like I would leave a window open, but the alarm won't turn on so they'd know there's an open window. Jumping out the second story is a no go
You two have such amazing careers. Do you have any advice?
vixx minus leo r dumbasses its ok leo i feel ur pain
It honestly looks like mike lives in my room bc clothes everywhere and male hair products in my bathroom
I hate when I'm reaching for the ashtray and end up ashing on myself.
missed connection where a cute guy on fifth ave walks past me and turns around to say \"nice backpack ;)\"
We've got one hell of a goal keeper
It's like right when school ends you lose everybody.
Goalie never had a chance
This Mr Koskinen is a joker.. A liar. This is seriously scary. Someone has shit him up.. Gee lets do the math.
I can't wait to eat 14 hot dogs today. Happy 4th!
Got off worked went to the gym and still up don't know why
She got a big booty so I call her big booty
I swear to god, he just kept repeating \"keep probing\"
Found 'em on Twitter. Really have some great programs coming up!
I hate caring about certain people so much because honestly caring about someone just hurts so fucking bad
i'm not going to school tomorrow cause i'm cool like that
My phone fell out of my hand, like was that necessary life? My phone is already cracked.
She the youngest of us all 9 kids yea we deep lol just like &amp; the wayans family so have a bless&amp; safe &amp; happy 4th of july
Possible break time, seeing how I just woke up
Im going insane i need to leave this house
I wanna see the next episode of master chef already! :p
I guess its a sign I should go to the mad decent boat party
Just nut tapped myself by accident at the gym and almost threw up all over the dumbbells it hurt so bad
Bonus? What bonus?
Can't replace a college degree. Ok rant over
Mexicans? RT : The other 30% built like juice cartons but they cool tho
Havent had a flu this bad since high school :'(
Gimme that crown bitch, I wanna be
Unless they're the '12 Os, regression's gonna be a bitch. RT : Yankees are an MLB-best 23-12 in games decided by 2 or fewer runs.
Anyone willing to foster a cat for ten days? Litter box and food will be given!!
\"I'm going going back to back to Cali Cali\"
ITS TOO EASY
I thought I didn't like the thong song but honestly, what other song can offer someone soulfully yelling \"THAT THOOONGG!\" You can't find it.
3rd world countries be like that's a fowl?
Worst feeling is having no one to talk to.
who else thinks Coldplay's new album is legit af? it's toooo nice!
Everyone always leaves me.
Wow that was a sweet Goal!
Deadass if you love EDM music listen to Blasterjaxx's EDC set. This man throws the fuck down lol
HAD THE BEST NIGHT
Look scrappa I got nephews to look after.. I'm not lookin at you dudes, I'm lookin past ya..
Naw i said it correctly. He AINT SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTT. Period. End of story. Whack ass nigga. But aint surprised yu cheer him. Cuz u a lame too
Work is so damn boring tonight
Starbucks before practice, Taco Bell after practice.
I haven't been to SF pride before. I have to go this year.
All I see is haters
this really the most pointless trip to new york ever...i truly hate all my friends b
get all the way to kristens house just for her to tell me she left her keys at mine...
Where are Kendall's parents
Tbh I want to unfollow SO many people from my school, but they're gna think I don't like them which isn't the case.
I hate missing people, who don't even think about me.
That typo's gonna bug me but I'm not deleting the tweet and tweeting it again because that requires work
mundial 2014 INMENSOS los TICOS FELICITACIONES!! se lo merecian a celebrarrrr!!
i really hate feeling my legs jiggle whenever i walk :\/\/
Ummm.... Why the fuck in hell an account named \"Christianity\" is following me?!
fuck how it was in the past tense
If it's not on the menu we don't have it. Gosh
All the snaps of ppl all over the world chanting USA after the goal though...
Don't act like everything is cool with us, cus it's not
Not going to watch a single second of this game but I hope the US win
USA USA!!! you are my hero
I want to talk to you so bad rn.
After YEARS of watching basketball, I agree with you, .
Sometimes being a woman is just weird
Sheree shouldn't do a red wig ever!
\": I Love My Life \"I hear you Shawty .
PKs have the look of much practice. not so much.
Edouard Roger-Vasselin def. Filippo Volandri 7-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the 1st Round of .
Mad rn cause Cynthia flaked on me
Max b \/\/ we got doe
So because I don't know how to express my feelings or deal with death that makes me selfish? K.
No reason why..just folks avoiding the roads RTMy train out of Concord to SF is super crowded this AM. Any idea why?
\"That's a good picture of us. Make sure you put it on Facebook\" - my awesome grandma.
Chile should have a real go now, nothing to lose.
It's actually chilly when the wind blows, I thought it was July
It's over, Spurs are NBA champions
SHOUTOUT TO GO FOLLOW HIM
La compo de la France &gt;&gt;&gt;
Ashanti looks broke af.. sup witchyo dress.. ugh..
Congrats to my bestie at another year of following her dream!!!
This dude that wants to fight me called me pretty boy. Idk what to think .. It's weird to be honest.
Y'all always pull this last minute stuff and it's really starting to get annoying because I'm hella not prepared for this now.
Worth pointing out that this Hobby Lobby horseshit is mostly going to impact folks working retail jobs so hurray for another tax on the poor
So, Rhythm of Fighters is actually pretty fun. Over here killing my battery and setting my phone on fire.
Today, I tried on a pair of $600 climbing boots. And they fit. Bad decision.
if u FUCK WIT PPL THAT DONT FUCK WIT ME THAN U AINT REALLY FUCK WIT ME THAN
Lol im confused with oomfs relationships he got like 100000 baes
All friends be getting into relationships and I'm just here thinking about what tomorrow's breakfast gonna be.....
I love how I miss everything when im in school but when I'm not nothing is on jfc
I Dnt get why a guy asked if we sold grey goose at a popcorn stand
Honestly Coney Island was way cool and I felt like I became Lana Del Rey
It's incredible how someone can change your life in a matter of just few seconds
My shift tomorrow is 7am..... WHY WHY WHY
thank science soundcloud finally decides to update that ish has been so glitchy
It's enough to make a guy fly priiiiiivate!!-
But like the goalie didn't even move LOL
Still in shock that I made it through this entire day without coffee.
As ya'll go to bed, remember flacks, sound bites &amp; angry rhetoric don't win elections, hard work &amp; service do. May the best man win NY-13.
WHY DO I KEEP GETTING YOUR NOTIFICATIONS DEMETRA
On that note if you're pasty you pretty much lose 1000 points to me
I swear I hate Alvin and Tei'Amber right now lmao
The death crawl scene in Facing the Giants&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Any team I root for is cursed.
I've read four books this summer... livin the dream.
Thanks for doing an internal seminar on Pry for us today. I used it later to figure out WTF was wrong with my tests!
i love Ariana's duck face its so amazing
music can instantly change my mood from 'i'm emo, go away' to 'i'm too sexy for my shirt, get at me' in two seconds
Always asking me to come in on days I don't work
That moment when you're 27 seconds short of beating a world record in a race for gta
GINOBILI IS FUCKIN DOGGIN THE HEAT
Should've made a playlist for the last day of school
USA USA USA DEMPSEY!!!!!!!
\"tiene mucho oporto\" \"ay que asco\" JAJAAJAJAJJAJAAJAJAJ NONO ESTOY TENTADISIMA
Or maybe I'll just get a cat...
Few more days till the tribe breaks bread
Im sorry for my rampage.
This heat is terrible. Bring back the cold.
Well that was fuckin depressing
I sleep with my window wide open all night. Wow is that dangerous????
14 fucking % ya es enserio byeeee
\"There is no more donkey parts here.\" - Christian, trumpet
Didn't post about Father's day on all my social media sites so now everyone knows I don't love my dad.
by U won't regret t. Let's keep it up . Get our boy to number 1.
It's Hawaii out here today!
Thank you for resolution supporting national service. Locally that is ++
If somebody wanted to hangout with me that would be cool. Since I've been alone...
Not on Tim Howard baby
Comedy on Pandora
There are far more trees nowadays in America than in 1800s.
I want to see How did I not know about this show!
Typical bullshit that happens to me man
I'm going to have the best senior quote next year.
JERMAINE JONES I LOVE YOU.
Dont scar the girl you love,scar the hoe who gave u std .__.
The temperature here cannot get any hotter .
Probably not smart for me to walk the streets at this time of day
Shelley's second cousin looks like big country!! I feel like I'm in the twilight zone right now lol
I just took the bomb walk in the rain
Twitter is a jukebox filled with content for those who wish to either DJ, dance, add new content, or all three.
I love how the crew and I all have peaches on our caps
Its fine ill just chill here alone..
everytime ronnie is in a video i watch and i see him i automatically say GO RONNIE
Pharell smoked that loud before he came , talking about energy and bugs and shit
if i were him i would be crying
Keep your head up
YEAHHH USA that's how we do it!!
Happy birthday to me in 7 hours and 37 minutes lol
Oh how you can go on and on about it lol.
35 seconds in!!!!!
Baby come take off my work clothes and give me a back massage.
When you alrdy know you'll fail miserably
Deko Collins is my favorite person ever I love him more than Samuel and Liz combined
I set so many alarms it's ridiculous!!! But for real I need them.
Time spent washing my hair: 4 minutes. Time spent finishing a 370 page book in the bath tub: 3 hours 36 minutes.
\": I'm more upset with myself.\"
It's crazy just how much disdain I have toward you. I've never disliked someone so much in my life.
Thinking about living in Roc soon has me kinda excited
Mom where's Ghana? \n\"Idk I think Africa, they're all black\" \n
Get on my level son
If u hav a lot of sibblings u know what a massage line is
Heng's Instagram username is \"undermyman\"... LOL
I'll admit I only watch soccer every 4 years, but Messi is fucking good.
I'm like a dt when it comes to my friends lmao
A moment of appreciation for the Mexican goalie.... And his curls too.
I ain't even mad, you win some , you lose some life goes on.
Let's all come together and cherish this moment, people. This is the last time we get to hate on the Miami Heat until next year as one.
I wanna sleep so bad I'm like nacious and shit
Cramps should be illegal
Wow ese el Segundo gooool mas rapido en la historia del mundial
I just wanna guy that'll treat me right. not one that'll use me and throw me to the curb.
Sorry for complaining in that last tweet, I got a little feisty.
It's almost 3am and I am wide awake, oh boy.
I'm the narrator and this is just the prologue.
Hgh\"t the Ruv shlita is leaving the city tonight to the Catskills for the summer to be with his talmidim in Machne Eimek Hatorah in Harris.
I'm so bored with my life
YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING LIVE HERE GET OUT
Jones scores and Ronaldo hasn't... Jones&gt;Ronaldo
Well the Mexicans at work are now in a bad mood but I'm happy because
Do people not check their emails. Come on mannnn
Can we talk about that time my mom and stepdad made me watch the bachelorette and the college World Series?
I think I need a drink, so I can wipe away this feeling
MESSI MESSI MESSI MESSI GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!!!
Well. Can't watch raw. My nights ruined.
I wish I could just disappear for a long ass time.
Erik Spoelstra Is To Blame!!
Its too cold to be an American today.
I need to go to Disneyland before summer ends, make it happen people
I got a burning desire to be better then most
That looked bad
Just got off work, anyone tryna chill?
Is my new header badass or no? I need some feedback.
\"mentionne une meuf qui veut te serrer \" ahah la dof t es cuit
why you gotta be so rude?
Ether they go to fast or I'm a slow reader
LMAO this nigga gotta \"Reckless\" tattoo on their arm. Talk about gay
\"this movie has rly good graphics\" what even
gay ass goal
the day you left my life got a whole lot worse
Stop arguing about double standards and just accept the fact that you are a hoe.
Off to LA for 1night. Food and art. Eating and seeing Made in LA show. Going to be an awesome 30 hours.
I enjoyed booing Bettman at last years draft more than anyone should have.
Coney and Flaherty are a nice announcing combo. Enjoy this.
I never spam Jacob but he never notices me....it's never a win\/win is it
Break Time! :)
I just need something to get me out of this weird ass mood
I just ordered a drink with my real ID, with my real name, with my real age and it was LEGAL and it's ok for me to do. Good bye
(&amp;&amp; yes, I know the Giants aren't exactly the most frugal team, but half our players are HOME GROWN, so go somewhere with that shit.)
.I'm being inundated with threats from violent gamers
Last day of summer school tomarow \nShall be worth it!
I have to be up in 4 and a half hours sweeeeeet
\": does anyone else have outbursts of extremely loud laughter and then its just like what the fuck was that\" does......
Novia es novia ? la demas seguiran siendo unas chapiadoras.
Marlins park is the best in the bigs, for that bobblehead museum alone!
Bueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenaaaa messi valeeee
Its okay eventually more will come
Ushers Confessions album was so fire.
Ticos have played 10v11 for 60 freaking minutes......let's do this!
if u wear brown with black u are a spawn of the devil
Another great sports comment on one of the players: \"A mystery wrapped inside a conundrum\"--the drama!
I really went to bed at 5am... What is wrong with me
Multitasking: Skyping with in a few and reporting on the !!
\"I just wanna get high, finger you, and eat some food\"
Time for bed. Gotta be up at 6. Ew.
Starting to come around to the \"celery is gross\" way of thinking.
SCOTUS still another failed American institution, like Congress, Presidency, IRS, VA. Is there anything left to trust?
I want to be completely smacked in the face by a fat ol blunt right now
KFC commercial came on and I told Brady those people are gonna get fat. Then two seconds later asked how much that meal costs.
Wow, that was fast.
Usher comes on the radio and I swear you would think X and I are 16 year old girls knowing all the words and shit.
the show Cops is literally insane haha
fuck crash my bro car :o
Homeboy bustin' out to gangstas and strippas
Loll homegirl judge said she's not crazy about anybody on the show... I gotta agree with her on this one. Weak season
cant take No for an answer lol
Wet Hot American Summer has always been my favorite comedy movie, but damn if They Came Together didn't just tie with it.
Went from looking like a tourist in Pittsburgh to looking like one in NYC in a matter of 9 hours
I finish tv shows way too fast, season 10 of Greys
If you recieved a snap chat from me today.. get ready cuz another one is coming..
I wish you were here with my though
Mine is.. \"Can I keep you?\" - Casper
I want you to staaaaaaaay
Screw the love we just some mothafuckin kids
Ooooooooooohhhhhhhh yyyyyeeeeaaaahhhhh bbbbbbabbbbbyyyy!!! Fffuuuuuccckkkk yyyyeeeaaahhh
Sigh it's only four hours I can do this
Forget Disney, my bed is the happiest place on Earth.
Ticos slay EK anti-soccer gods
I'm kind of lonely.\n-rolls around in bed-
That leg extension tho
Vanilla protein shake with orange Gatorade = perfection after leg day
Y'all Females be havin some mouths .
wake up and smoke a bong bc workaholics
Am I the only girl that hates wearing makeup nowadays?
I woke up rn but don't remember being asleep..so confused
Ghana trynna win by injuring all our players damn..
You can't handle the truth...!!!
I don't want sex give a fuck about your ex I don't even want a text from you niggas
I always put my self in situations to make me look like the biggest asshole, and usually it's the complete opposite of what it looks.
Know you the shit when niggas hating too.
Yo of course i missed that goal.
People who listen to certain artist just so they could say they listen to em &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
No streaming tonight because my connection is ASS. *rassafrassa* I'm done with this day. The world hates me for some reason.
Howard is a damn baller
tarde de regalar followers nadie? oc
I almost fell down the stairs. Lol typical
I better have a fat ass blunt waiting for me after today's long ass day of work...
wow my brother is actually listening to reggae
Who is this on stage
this fruit cup taste like it has alcohol in it.
\": Time for to take over. Goodbye to .\"
Mike violently stabbed me with a wooden skewer tonight
Sorry I forgot about you Twitter. I've been a pregnant mess.
They Don't Love You No More
\"us - i got a ribbon on my head but dont call me a ribbon - head xD\" - circa 2009
Sometimes i wish i didnt haveee to sleep. Not enough time in the day, pluss im wide awake at 5 AM
Suddenly, the sadness is all over me..
someone in my tv comedy class a coupla weeks ago described me as and I've been living on it ever since.
I want to go for a run right now
Damn! Five fitness accounts decided to follow me just now. I better stop talking about dieting on Twitter I guess lol
If I were the bachelorette and one of the men was an opera singer and tried to serenade me on a date, I would die of laughter.
Okay, now I have one eye open.
I should probably study for that U.S regents tomorrow..
Sloane don't try to lie.... It's not going to work in your favor.
If a nigga ever ASK to eat your pussy u in for a treat
I love being replaced. It feels amazing. Thank you
I went from being okay, to upset, to mad, to okay, to mad again.
Was that messi?!?!!!!!
my friends are gonna be lighting ode fireworks tn forgetting Tyler got blown up by them but whatever
Awwww my thumb just touched spoiled milk :)
My first Fourth of July on my own in five years!
Don't even think I should be stressin
How much longer until you can take a photo of a smell?
Pilot has been saying \"only 10 more minutes\" for the last 90 minutes. Now we take a bus back to terminal? seriously?
Just a reminder to all you out there....will be open today for .
This is the first year since my birth that I have not had to wear that dumb old navy flag shirt
you guys I can't do it anymore I just can't
My friends would throw a party when I feel like shit and wanna go to bed
