Somebody always gonna be in your business no matter what
I'm getting breakfast w\/ my blonde bitches
Really two days in a row waking up at 5:30. Like what is this?
Just drove through fast pass on the bridge to sf WITHOUT a fastpass.
Who's knows a lot about soccer and wants to help me for my Fantasy league Thursday first prize is 20 g
If I wrote you a lover letter, would you write back
to be honest, I don't know what should I do after all of u at the beach tomorrow.
I was sitting here talking to Grace and then I looked up and realized she was asleep..
These ppl went to mcdonalds without me
\"You're scum if you don't want to have sex with someone because of their genitals\"\n\nOk
found this hideous picture of and I from 7th grade. my eyes are bleeding.
\": One day until will be heard by you! RT your excitement with us\" I'm so insanely excited I'm quiet about it
Days off from camp is rehearsal for school in the August
Can't do this
I don't fuck with everybody that fuck with everybody.
Let us also celebrate fender nonconformity and fluid gendered peeps!! May everyone get to be who they want\/need to be forever, ad infinitum!
I swear if I don't get a snapchat back I'll cry
SF makes me miss amber a lot a lot
Normcore needs to stop.
the creature we know as women are always on their phones, so if they do not reply to you, they don't care about you
yo suraj hua madham never gets old
As the years go by, I like you less and less
My mother really gets on my BLOODY nerves
it's a blessing to have made to this year of 26! so much to be grateful for... I appreciate each &amp; every person in my life! love &amp; light!
James Neal heads to Nashville for Hornqvist and Spaling. Wow
I literally have the best friends in the world
I'm thirsty but tired to get up
My mom just asked me how much it takes me to drink to throw up.
I would want to hang out today since it's the Fourth of July and I've never seen fireworks, but I don't have friends so ha ha
my brother clearly has not inherited my superior music taste.
Ayy number 2
Crab cakes and futbol that's what America does
Supposed to be in LV this Sunday..108 degrees.. K
But then again everything pisses me off so bye
jacobs a thot and he knows it
Of u read this &amp; have weed I gotta bong let's make this happen
I'm sorry but Dempsey c'mon man, how you gon do messi's celebration! Smh!
I reeeeeaaaaallllyyy wanna text you, but I don't think you'll care...
You remind me of my bimmer\nA lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
Clint really pressed the dangle button hard on his controller there.
How u loving &amp; babing something you never met .. I'll never understand
I think I'm going to bed soon. I'm tired, and I have two appointments tomorrow.
Got me smilin n shit
I joined as Craysian, which is the worst thing for society and humanity as a whole.
situation is disgusting . is a bunch of monsters . I hope this war is resolved peacefully end soon.
Guess Cosmadelis doesn't know when Wednesday is .
well done this week again !
My mom texts me that dinners ready bc she won't walk down 3 flights of stairs
its such a shame but im leaving
\"I bet you're a real good catcher of doughnuts in your mouth\"
I'm guessing everyone on my \"similar\" page my son
\"Ya we're going the right way I remember that basketball hoop because I almost hit some kids by it\" oh okay Jamie...
Plies blocked me lol RT \": Oh I forgot I can't retweet Budden tweets... I'm mfn blocked and all\"
Having someone pump my gas for me is such a weird concept.
Tony just got the biggest CURVE ever! Ouch!
I hate instas that are like \" like some pics if you up\" NO, I'll like your pics when I want to. How about I unfollow you
and a selfie every two days of their \"progress\" aka an excuse to upload shirtless selfies that don't attract anybody
I dont wanna lose you :(
On a scale from 1 to buying Penn State football season tickets, how stressed are you?
HALF TIME: Brooklyn trails at the half 2-0 to NYRB. The Italians ended the half at a high note. Can they come back from a 2 goal deficit?
Tweet I would write a paragraph but I would have a billion tweets, besides a paragraph can't even begin to describe how wonderful you are
what does ctfu mean?
and when I say stole; like I got up to fill up my water bottle and he folded it up and kicked it
call maybe (:
Walk into k-mart and immediately see a cute guy who just so happens to be staring back at me. Thank god I look good today.
Teen Wolf was hella crazy dude
Kylie Jenner &gt;&gt;&gt; Kendell jenner
Oh bonus feature! and shall be getting their drink on with Twilight 2 (And 3?)
I love balls. Balls are life. I love all types of balls. Big, small, round, hairy, colorful, swollen, and wrinkly,
Not getting sick of talking to someone is an awesome feeling
What a rocket!!
Messi FUCKING FINALLY.
If this helps all of you who are taking the History regent tomorrow, I knew nothing last year and got a 65 so there's hope!
Anyone know of a good hike in Marin besides Alamere? Something moderate, maybe 5 to 6 miles with hills, 8-9 without.
I have more food pix in my phone than nudes and im ok with that.
The grass is always more green where you water it
\"Your hair makes you look like You were around in 1776.. so basically I'm calling you Ben Franklin \" yeah thanks Billy
If you never thank ALLAH after every Smile, then you have no right to blame ALLAH for every Tear...!!!
He just came at her outfit a lil
The pens fire Ray Shero and this is the first move they make
there are so many dumb ass relationship goals. I feel like most of those things, you can do with just anyone.
It's better to work out with friends
My car bouta explode on 384. Something always wrong with Khadijah brah
tbh i think i like Disneyland way better then Aulani....
Just chilling at tommys house... and he ain't even home
Who ever showed up to a date a lil drunk
And I guess you can say he planned it a week before
and hatred and anger become the only emotions that can ease the pain for a moment
Well my plans went to hell today... So spending the night with because he's a goon and makes me laugh my ass off.
vs at the Maracana, this is exactly what the is all about
Well after prom is going to fucking suck
DAMN THIS SEASONS VILLAINS ARE FUCKING SCARY LIEK DAMN
where is my motherrr im in too much of a good mooodd I neeed someones ear to chew off lmfao
Just got killed taking a selfie while playing COD, at least I took a good selfie
I really just don't get this.
S\/o all the Asian babes out there
You gotta love yourself first.
I wanna get drunk on a plane
If your boyfriend doesn't care if you're half naked outside... Then hunny he isn't loyal
Little girl on the train: it's RAINBOW day isn't it mom??
Long stressful nights but I actually Finished two specs. Ha
I already dyed my hair red for fucks sake
Just helped cure the weekend blues with . A's hydration services! What a difference!
I don't have love handles, I've got thug handles
Be thankful for what you have fr
Mac miller is a genius
Ehhhhhh....that was cute I guess...
Who wants to take me and go see 22 Jump Street at lowes at 9:20
zephanique \n\nshe said her name is zephanique
it annoys me actually
\"I'll deadass kill myself right now\"-this kid is too much drunk
We will lose 10 friends but gain one that was worth much more than the others
Need someone to watch this games with me
Yo this kid is such a scumbag
FUCKIN FIGHT ME, I WANT IT LETS GO
There's two people I can't stand in this world... The things I wish I could do
dime si conmigo quiere hacer travesuras
Novak getting fired up right now
Light Skinned girls can't read.. That's why they don't text back.. Makes sense now
there needs to be mau5 shaped poptarts .. why aren't there?!
He just got mixed!
Throgs neck bridge.....cant wait to be home &amp; see my cats
That's my baby tho ... She should know..
Never tweet the first thing that comes to mind it could end badly
Somebody start a new 21 questions
What no 3some? Nope EVERYBODY GOT TO GO!!!!!
My neck is probably the most sensitive spot on my body. Like no one can touch my neck. I'll kill you
Goal 30 seconds in!
fuck waiting for a \"certain amount of time\" to text back, and just do it already....
Watching the game in Spanish
Only like 3 days left of work ?
Coach Carter is literally on all the time at my house
And we're back to wanting to release Chris Young.
Goodmorning y'all :) happy 4rth of july
Go from good to great today.
Lmfao movie tickets girl complimented me on my nails but was still on the mic so all of Regal's heard it...............
New Jersey! I never thought I'd so happy to be here!
I caught a fish life goal complete
Who's afraid of 138!?
Super exhausted but so far the best and most inspiring day on this trip.
Since doesn't have snapchat I literally save all my snap story pictures and send them to him so he stays in the loop
I feel like the worst daughter ever
Some people will really snake you in the end
helpful tip: those twitter accounts that post hella sexual pictures and the girls are bad af, it's a catfish.
Messi's been as good as advertised
woody is that guy I wish I met 10yrs ago
i dont owe niggas shit but the bottom of my kicks.....
Ugh I'm so grateful for my life
No melo I'm fine with Lebron let go Mitch
Don't you just LOVE starting your day an hour late? Me too.
Him and Stan lee have an outstanding contract with the devil and Disney or something
But Pharallel did make a 24hr Video
I am part of a nocturnal species I swear
Shawty talking about this and that but you're a fan tho
hahaha this night felt like 5 seconds long
I need a job
Well it sounds like I'm dragging a body under the car every time I hit the brakes...
Iveth and her white boy obsession deserves to be tweeted about
The Eagles are easily one of the greatest bands of all time.
it's amazing how little effort it takes for me to ruin everything I have
Not bad for some immigrants. Happy 4th of July, everyone.
In NYC for the last time as a east coast resident. Even my 8 hour drive from DC can't dampen my spirits.
Stocking up for the summer, I bought and and I already regret the baseball game.
Damn I guess I do have a fucking job , Mondays &amp; Thursdays at 4
i was talking to people about the front bottoms today and it made me so happy i love when people like them
I've been laying around all day
A big fuck you to my sister for being a little bitch and last minute too
a fome bateu ....alguem faz uma panqueca pra mim =)
Feel like I'm going to puke I need sleep
Support for Julian Castro to head from confirmation hearing tomorrow
Get to my wonderful boyfriend's house and get handed a glass of wine and am told to relax.. All while he's cooking me dinner
Id never knock my nigga hustle period.
6 7 8 CHAINS ON, JUST STAY IN YO LANE HOE
The details of the Suarez ban via are nuts. FIFA's forcing LFC to wash themselves of Suarez in a few ways.
People like my dad shouldn't have facebooks. Don't post statuses looking for pitty. You're 40 you look dumb.
I havent felt this good about a Friday in a loooong time.
Can someone bring me some champagne pls?
Smh. Being sick for this past week lost me 9 pounds n now my dad wont stop clowning on me cus my jeans dont fit right
True life: I'm addicted to my phone
Zeb Colter is replacing Wade Barrett in the match
My friends are being very mean right now ugh
Like is my hair not green? Are my cheeks chubby? Do i have chink eyes? Niggas try n be funny .
currently teaching Riley what technology is
Im going to let that slide.. im not even guna say shit.
She's the reason it happened and she's over reacting but it's all because she don't want things to chsnge
Damm this bitch tweeting every single thing wtf
When did become a southern gospel preacher?! Lol
Hope get their game back. Still Giants all day
How can I provide \"evidence\" it won't make your kids fat? RT Unless they can present evidence to dispel every proposed consequence
can't tell whether i'm hungry or want to vomit
a speech against discrimination by Lloris, and Philip Lahm also said something nobody could understand
Fuck \"Friends\" worry bout ya business
come on, that looked worse than it was
So mama rock me like the ind and the rain. Rock me mama like a south boing train. Ayyyyeee mama rock me.
Busy but great weekend! .
Is it me, or is garbage now? Yeah...
Thank you for keeping us safe on this most important holiday !
wins for greatest hats of all time
Two can be complete without the rest of the world.
Thass crazy how somebody can do u hellla fucked up and u still have time to think about em . Snh, the fuck wrong with the human brain.
Don't wanna move from bed today..so tired and sore after all this moving furniture
If I get a girl pregnant it's her fault for fukcin a broke nigga like me she better know I for sure ain't buying no condoms
Im not upset about the power, but my rooms extremely hot and AC is a must rn
Please do not try to run game on me. I'm not a Playstation
i still can't get over the fact junior year is over.. where tf did the time go?
I've seen damn near every landmark in Manhattan today. My feet hurt.
Taking calculated risks will be the difference between mediocre &amp; greatness. Put it on the line without looking back.
The subway is having an existential crisis. It's realizing that safe, quick and cheap public transit really wasn't it's calling in the end.
I'm in such a good mood I feel like drawing. Lmao.
There's gotta be more to life
Papi me guta tu flow donde llegas tu te.roba el.show.
You knos you live in a mexican neighborhood when you smell someone making Carne asada but you don't know wher its coming from.
We just replaced Jozy Altidore with an Icelandic Kevin Bacon.
Hate when one of my friends r down I try to do my best to see them happy at all times ...!
'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'-Muhammed Ali
Who wants to celebrate tonight?
Professor Marcus Cole board pres. kicked off public testimony.
Bouta go clean my room helps wen im stressed !!
I fav your tweets because I think you're hot
It's a normal thing for a grown adult to be up at 2am eating nutella by the spoonful watching Game of Thrones, yeah?
How Can you tweet but not text me back
You never know might just pop up ijs hungry too
I hate myself so much rn
The toddler's potty training goes unsettlingly well, and at the ridiculous age of 37 I just passed my driving test. Big-kid pants all round.
I'm shocked everyday that isn't a constant trending topic bc it is such an awful state
throwing up the W always representing my coast
Yup cc: RT MrSpradley: Y'ALL, the great American film classic Big Trouble In Little China is on Encore right now.
The struggle of trying to watch the college World Series and Season premier of Big Brother at the same time
I still feel this Bolieve gimmick will be over by the end of the year
Welp doesnt look like I'm makin it to work today. Lucy broke down. Again.
GUESS IM SITTING INSIDE ALL MIGHT
Hotdogs and American beer should be free today.
This is going to be an interesting episode
Purell: Helps identify cuts you didn't know you had.
thinking about a Monroe what do u think?
I have just witnessed a friendzoning picture...... like BRUUH
Resting in a women's womb is really like heaven yo
Almost missed my flight!! I've never ran through an airport but hey i'm in america now!!
Is it to late to get on the clash hype?
We WOOONNNN WOOOHOOO NETHERLANDS BE READY
That awkward moment when you're walking down the streets of Frisco and a random gay dude yells at you \"HEYYYYY U FINNNEEEEE\"
HEADLINE circa 2004: Hotmail currently offers 2MB free storage. Yahoo offers 4MB. Gmail will dwarf those offerings with a 1GB storage limit.
I hit the absolute JACKPOT at Niketown!!!
I'm in loveeeee
school visit tomorrow for a \npotential job! send me good vibez :)
tbh I just want someone that's like me
\": ugh I don't want to drive.\" Lol wow that was a fast change of heart. Youuu know you want that foooof
my dad just showed me how to drive stick thank you lord we all still alive
Bananas are the most awkward fruit ever.
EF BF BD - i hate you. also and and and and and and and and
New episode of The Last Ship !
I had a dream that my hands didn't shake and your wounds wee finally stitched.
For someone who had braces for such a long time.. I feel like my smile should be SOOO much nicer than how it is now.
I watched a ground hog walk around my driveway today like it was his.
I want a big ass icee from 7\/11.
Can't even focus bc......summer
Qualify by a penalty, die by a penalty
Feels like Spurs haven't missed a shot since first quarter.
more sometimes you have to throw on the boxing gloves and get into the ring
T swift kinda drive
My dad's roommate gave me 5 bottles of wine
wow USA scored already
*Jack climbs hill alone and fetches water without incident*
I just ate dinner 5 min ago and I'm already hungry again
I actually want to tell you that, uhmm, your fucking ugly!! &amp; not ugly in your physical features but in the sense of who you are.
Watch Khanum Tayyaba Bukhari on Samaa TV at this moment
I feel like all the announcers are acting hella scripted...lol shits not funny if its scripted hella
If the US gets a win out of this group, I'll be impressed.
Congrats to gazelle runner on his podium finish today - solid work my friend!
THE Common white girl just followed me this is both the saddest and happiest moment in a young girls life
The guys that signed the Declaration of Independence probably got sooooo many colonial bitches after that
This is why we are best friends
Praying someone picks up my shift tonight
Very dumb of me
NO PUEDO ESPERAR A QUE SALGA LA JUVIA YANDERE
So annoying. Body knackered. Brain won't cooperate. I want to go to sleeeeeeeeep
Why do you wanna go to warped tour? Heartist isn't even playing
Pretending I can't hear Jonathan. Heh
Why's the panera line always so fucking long ???
Forever be faded under gold sky's.
I like how we laugh about the same dumb shit.
Idk wtf I just said in that tweet..
i'm all about this soccer solidarity
Really lovin the fact that I have the gym to myself
I sent my friend to HAUS last night where her &amp; her BF were turned away bc he wasn't wearing a blazer but he had on dress shoes\/pants\/shirt
Trust no b*tch.
Gonna try Flan for the first time ever
Damn is a MAN.
$ hemmosstripper $ ur icon is so fucking cute
Step 1 : get my shit together
\": so famuz\"I keep dealing with marief p
I'm going to need you niggers to stop it with these Damn addidas track pants
So tired but I can't fall asleep. Too much thinking going on in this lil head of minee
&amp; we can go do what u like
Big thank you to for joining us tonight for our epic
Shit, I have to get drug tested. I'm an idiot.
I have a talent for talking dirty.
I really want to go to the pool but the sky...
i actually like messi better than that crybaby ronaldo. but i hate them both lmao
could benefit from patience at the plate tonight. Make Cuban rookie Despaigne prove he can throw strikes and look at his arsenal.
i cant wait to move far away. New fucking people, thats all i need.
IM SO HYPER I WANT TO EAT A PUPPY
and you wonder why I hate being home..
No es mas que un reflejo de mi pensamiento
Happy Independence Day. Be safe. And maybe stop for a moment and remember what this day represents.
I was vomiting and fatigued and my boss says I need to stay and work...really?I should have thrown up in the pool...
Making dinner and sipping wine...
If I only had a time machine I swear shit would be so different
Like holy fuck I am driving to NYC RIGHT NOW.
\"Hipster preacher smashes stereotypes, attracts young worshippers\". Ok cnn, whatever you say
Don't text me at 7am telling me we're NOT going to the A's vs Giants game, that's just rude.
I'm actually early for once what
Oooooh, new nail salon in the neighborhood: not scuzzy and has massage chairs that work!
Someone entertain me
I hope I get into Milford health they pay good
Really been up since 4 smh. Ima sleep great right right after my snack
De los dias malosss solo cojo mas fuerza para seguir hacia delante!!
Demi is so hot but then you realize she's with someone who's not so it just kills you a bit
You bitched should play with me!
It sucks when someone never really notice how much you care for them, no matter how much you show them. They'll still be blind to it
\": Honored to be in the presence if greatness tonight at crustacean Beverly Hills!\"
Twice through the order (except Cain) and rookie Joe Panik has seen the most pitches in his two ABs - 10.
Messaging Me Random &amp; Asking Me For Shit!
people are trippin off the smallest stupidest shit today.
I would really appreciate a midfield. Thx.
I asked Vicky what Bicken back bein bool ment.
After 6 seasons of and 3 of , these agents are ACTING WAYYYYYY TOO much! Unfortunate because I just want to see deals!
Of all the train cars, I had to choose the one with the barking dog &amp; screaming children.
I smell marijuana and I'm sad
I should start planning a baby shower or nah?
Happy Fourth of July I love you!
No ones obligated to help me but why tf would you cut me off
Ya cool my my moms never home anymore.
Do I know anyone who likes musicals and also superheroes and also also owns a record player?
On the other hand I will rock Juan bruh I'm stronger and taller
...i just cant. There are no words.
I'm never moving to the west coast.
Go go usa
Oh the irony that loyal ass is singing along to these \"Hoes Ain't Loyal\"
Fuck it, so over the struggle of studying
That Kermit the frog shit is lame as fuck like I haven't laughed once at them
I just woke up from and incredibly unexpected nap in the back of a Volkswagen passat...
what guy doesn't love showing off his clawed up back like come on
the thought of worrying about how a bill is going to get paid is the worst feeling to ever exist
miss my mom , she needs to come home quick .
I JUST FELL OFF THE BED HOLYSHJVDRHH ITS NUMBER I CANT BREATHE
I honestly didn't know the B.E.T awards was coming on, I don't watch tv at all lml
I leave in 10 days..., therefore being home is not am option
I'm a chill before I become a witness to a crime and a stabbing victim..... *slides down in seat and turns those down*
\"That's how I like my women... Scared\" does that even make sense Jake Cooney
this is annoying....
Google Maps is really bad at indicating the entry points for subway stations
Pizzahut tas Coke litro tas Nutella tas Yakult.Woah~
Everybody In Antigua Black Nf Damn.
I see Latry trying to misdirect the savageness
The point of feminism is not to demoralize men, but to advocate for women's rights. Why is that an issue?
BUT THEN AGAIN
My sisters bf just came to bring her food. Boutta eat that shit.
It looks to me that Lebron doesn't want to be playing anymore this season.
And he works for Clint Eastwood. And he knows my dad. By name.
This whole not having a license is really cramping my style. I've ridden my stupid bike over 20 miles today.
Nana cut up onions for dinner &amp; left them on the counter, therefore, making the entire house smell like someone hasn't showered for a week
I'm so foolish. I waste a lot of time.
Worked here for 3 years and had no idea the mall didn't open until 10
Ready to start my challenge already.. Need to drop this baby weight and get healthy
Come On Portugal!!!
I can't see you fuck niggas from our angles
I can't just stand back and watch people be stupid and not say anything
My 11 year old sister got an iPhone 5c for graduation I officially have the same phone as her. Must be nice to grow up in this generation.
She probably died of burping so much
I know all I know and yea dassss all I know
Honestly the spurs are going to win because they can't miss a single shot
Guy behind me is waiting on line at trader joe's to buy one yogurt. If you have ever been to the usq location you know how asinine this is.
When is ashanti at the fair? im tryna go that day yah feel me? tryna sing foolish one time
I d e k R n..
OH MY GOD I HATE YOU
Chicago seems like a city for me.
The works you do may be the only sermon some people will hear today.- St.Francis of Assisi
Just waiting for this month to end
I don't think there's a single person who doesn't hate you
Word is is judging 7 - time defending champ Joey Chestnut today. Guess they need a grad 4 that job. Counting needed!
My sister turned 6 like what's good now she can drive a car and everything
Happy Pride Day to all of my friends in and around SF today.
She popped a Molly, she busted open
Sigue asi y veras lo mal que acabaras
You never were and you never will be mine
.has an experiential learning program and is America's greenest university - in the heart of Boston.
Ooooooh, my mom got my back
jk Jalen a cutie. id get at him if he wasnt the homie. sessy ladies hit him up 1x lol
I'm so bored and I don't want to sit at home someone give me something to do
FUCK GREECE !!!!!!!! FUCK GREECE !!!!!!!! FUCK GREECE !!!!!!!! FUCK GREECE !!!!!!!! FUCK GREECE !!!!!!!! FUCK GREECE !!!!!!!!
On my way to a job interview wish me luck i am nervous as fuck!
What's it like to be sober on the 4th of July
Only thing getting me through this night is knowing there is an edible sitting in my bag and pizza waiting for me at home
Oh good morning
Had a dream about watching a blaxploitation Hulk\/Nick Fury film from the 70's that I WISH was real.
My family knows exactly what I like and dislike yet they always act surprised when I tell them.
Shoutout to everybody that has somebody. Everybody needs someone
I give it all to you Father God!!! Amen
Oh very classy.
What's the point if im gonna get treated like shit no matter what.
You can tell which sectors of business are doing well by new retail opening up. Right now it's banks and pharmacies.
Jumping in the shower aka pool
If one more person asks me \"Are these cleans towels?\" when the sign obviously says CLEAN TOWELS I'm going to bash my head in
Bailey madison on the fosters. She is amazing.
my whole body burned and of course my face is the one peeling
I'm going to murrer Briana
La sudadera de francia,es lo best.
These Costa Ricans are killin me with their tears.
-inhales helium- oh my god hi.. oh my god I sound so funny hi ody\nody: suddenly I don't want to talk to you anymore \n\nlmfao
\": same way you hate on Netty ? Matter of fact out my mentions I hate you\" wow really.... Okay bye
&amp; please I'm tired of seeing Rihanna in that dress that showed her tits. She could have been glam but it was a fail. Please stop posting it.
Fresh on tap, Avery's 21st anniversary imperial brown ale. This hoppy brown is super fun, and at 8.75%, it is sure to make life tolerable.
\"Never fighting\" isn't always a good thing. Arguments are necessary to relationships... without arguments there can't be resolutions
LETTS FUCKING GO
Dempsey broken nose?!?
Is your profile pic really your abs....\nYour momma obvi didn't smack your disgusting cockiness outta you lol
When your head says more and your body says stop
That route was so out of the way that it was a one lane dirt road that emptied my gas tank and i need a tow truck to get out of here.
Country music playing at work to help me through this Monday.
You have to consume less than you earn.
I NEED TO SEE SIN CITY
Dude. I think I just saw here at the
my timehop is so embarrassing everyday
the kooks make me feel happy on the inside
So very excited for my weekend plans!!
Happy Sweet Sixteen to Malia Obama from the Rahman family.
Well well well... Look who it is
why am i doing in oc lmaoo
Don't even feel like gettin drunk tonight
Como.lo hacemo te tiene.futraoo
Literally best nap of my life
You think you're hot shit just wait until reality hits you
Man talking to himself at bus stop.
MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD THEN LIKE ITS BETTER THAN YOURS DAMN RIGHT ITS BETTER THAN YOURS
Start talkin trash and we'll come with my Smith and Wessonnnnnn
If I make It to heaven I hope they still drinking brew
Beckerman's hair is a rats nest
Hace muchas mentiras que me hice verdad.
\"He does remind me of mayonnaise.\" -
I think u want to make my life miserable.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
Imagine if there was really a teacher named ms. Choksondik
Young Thoties Show \" Rebelde \"
It's crazy how close one concert and group of people can bring you to someone
I forgot to put my cereal bowl away this morning so my punishment is to watch the World Cup game...is that even a punishment?
Some of the faces I make scare me and will probably make kids cry
LA\/Vegas countdown has reached single digits
quand tu reste debout ds le metro tu fais du surf swear travaikle ton equilibre
I just saw John Cena's father in the audience.
Liam Payne will you volunteer to be my bae
Cameron please call me cause I'm on the way to mash urgent care cause youmade me so anxious I fell down the stairs
I'm not feeling twitter name
Let her go is the epitome of our generation in a song. No one ever appreciates what's right in front of their faces anymore
Is you tryna text back or nah?
1 more thing-Dr explained that although my EKG shows I have Tachycardia-rapid heartbeat-diabetics can have a heart attack without knowing it
Been feening to play the drums
You &amp; I can be cool friends, shit even more.
People ask why I like my coffee black. \nMaybe because... I WANNA TASTE COFFEE NOT MILK AND SUGAR.\nBut that's just me...
Just wanna fuck off out of new ro for a while rn
Duncan will taste champagne for the fifth time.
Fuck u .. Fuck u ... Fuck u.. Basically fuxk me all ..!!! Haha
JERMAINE JONES TAKE A BOW
Let me Chill Out
Shoutout to for the awesome shirt design!
Omw home yesssssss that bed is calling my name
My dad asked if I've ever tried drugs lol dad I would never
But actually I did get drunk
\"Mentorship is really friendship, when it works well... If you seek out a friend, you might find a good mentor\" -
I'm warming to Rand Paul
It's crazy to think you could just forget about me
703 pelham rd reports of heavy gas smell on second floor from laundry room. Con ed gas enroute
OMFG!!!!!! TEAM USA!!!!!! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN
today we also celebrate the power of GIFs! Welcome back to the 90s!
Never woulda pictured the struggle bein this real three years ago.. Damn I was sittin pretty
just came back to see all these brat confessions oh god
My mom calls me while I'm in bed, asking if I'm home..
Please notify my publicist that I will be visiting Berlin for a week from Saturday, and have never been previously, and await itinerary.
Will someone please take bri and I to the balloon fest
Nice shot Cristiano, you missed by 10-15 feet...
i really wanted to go back to hs but i had a dream of having one and its hella scary. daang not goin back.
Some of us FALL and some of us FLY but at the end of the book all of us DIE!\"
I evaluate what needs to be evaluated... Early
Soccer players are so soft. Dude you got a bloody nose get over your self and get back in the game you bitch
Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go
this week can either go extremely well or extremely horrible
Has there been less hype for the pick in the NBA Draft than this year? Hardly any buzz in Cleveland for Cavs.
Im just mummy cat in da house &amp; everybody outside ighhhh.
So BET has their own version of 12 years a slave
I don't like baseball but being at the Oakland coliseum waiting for the game is making me pretty excited!!!
MANU!!!! Wowzers in me trousers it's a home run!!!!!!
Having a boyfriend would prob be cute rn
Don't feel like going to look for an outfit
I ask myself how long is it gunna take . When are you gunna just give up .. My mind has
Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures one good girl is worth a thousand bitches !
Nahh man I dont do dogs
Shape the fuck up, or ship the fuck out.
I can see wit clear view, you fuck boys Is pussy
Physically forcing my dog to cuddle and love me :-)
I can sleep for almost 5 hours YESSSS
Like im a new player with this internet its amazing
Do I look like a terrorist
Heading to Target since theres nothing to do :)
\"I wish I was a bird. So I could poop anywhere I want\"-Natalie, my cousins thoughts everyone...
Just had sucha nice convo w Mr Zadoorian my guyyy!
So happy this my last final
It's so weird noticing yourself change
Just gonna lay in bed all day and sleep lmao
Still wishing I wasn't such a shy loser at vidcon this year...
Hell is empty, all the devils are here
My most recent google searches are \"bunion\" and \"crystal meth\"
Need to catch up on hit the floor
GOAALLLLLL!!! goes up 1-0 over Ghana on a shot from Clint with less than a minute into the match.
Well next World Cup I'll actually be 21 so I'm looking forward to that US game
Though it's NOT anything real yet, he wants to work with me &amp; Thornwillow Press in Newburgh, NY. It's a bibliophile's dream come true. Moi.
The Garden at AT&amp;T Park looks fucking siiiiick.
since I'm not watching the awards, I'll keep myself updated by everyone's tweets
My little cousin staying checkin me lol
OHHH HELL NO!
I can't wait to wake up in Vegas lmaooooo
Can't wait for the soccer to end so I can watch people eat hot dogs!!
Wtf u got to be kidding me
That pic .. Disgusted with Burger King
does stand for US Mutant Ninja Turtles?
I'll die living just as free as my hair
Money is the anthem, god you're so handsome.
If you think I'm stupid and I won't find out, your wrong. The truth always comes out.
I want to see my mom
I'm so damn irritated with life
Is it bad that I never made love ?
So many stupid bitches in this world it amuses me
KRHV 240050Z 30012KT 10SM SKC 27\/11 A2991
It's raining on the 4th of July, THANKS OBAMA. Real fucking American you are...
It ain't nun to cut that BISH off
\"You told me my thigh looked like a ham the other day!\" --True Life
She's a great dancer.
don't think that tweeting about it made me take action I am still neglecting my eyebrows
THERES A HUGE ASS MOTH IN MY ROOM HOLY SHIT
I love that I tan so easily
i think i just need to listen to some tunes and zone out
need at 15% on my english final to keep my A? lol im down
Really hope jojos mom let's him sleepover Wednesday, I really miss him
thank you world cup for blowing up my twitter....
SEE IM SO EXCITED I CANT EVEN SPELL STUDIO RIGHT.
72 hour celebration coming right up
Mikey better be ready for my annoying bi polar ass lmao
I just want a personal chef who will make me healthy and delicious cuisine for free.
I love wee nigga! I got a green thumb!
Don't ask me to teach you about something you have no interest in just for a guy.
dear feldmann, there's a reason you have to jump into the back of every picture, please do everyone a favor am just get out of it
I can't sleep if the whole house is snoring
I'm getting excited to interview several people on the East Coast for this
If you see me at jones beach pls ignore me lmao
having a goal score on you, and it being a nutmeg... oof.
Tbh I'm proud of Darian she's the bomb
(15) Jerzy Janowicz def. Somdev Devvarman 4-6, 6-3, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3 in the 1st round of .
ONLY TOOK 33 SECOND, Dempsey you're a fcking stud
Read an article related to our country's history today. You'll appreciate the holiday so much more.
So high I sat on the couch and reached for the seat belt
We know that she fucking the team and the WHOLE crew
*smacks Austin with a really large dictionary* L E A R N THE DEFINITION
Fuuuuck that Malaysian airplane is still missing I don't think I ever really formally addressed how sus that is
When he get mad at you for no reason
most randomest closet is rules. lol
O M G HOWARD!
Lmfaoooooo violation RT : DONT RESPOND TO ME IM ALLERGIC TO FAT BITCHES RT : yep
gostava de viver num mundo como aquele dos morangos,aquilo podia nao ser real mas as pessoas eram mt felizes
\": yes papi\" aight wtf do you want why you bein nice to me
Two-bit intentando ligar es la clave.
I wish I could drive far far away from here.
Dammed if I do, but I really want too
Can the be in Philly every year?
NBA draft is this week too, that's another idea
that's how to keep a goal clear! Woohoo!
She grew up good, she grew up slow, like American honey
A storm is coming Mr.Wayne, you and your friends better batten down the hatches
May the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows
The day we all have been waiting for
Is it appropriate to wear a jack skellington shirt in the summer time ?!
USA is cool
ima be drunk off my ass at my birthday bbq
RAT ASS DUDES YA HUSTLE ON RATTATOULLIE
Rock Bottom: Family intervention regarding your nonexistant dating life
\"Better watch ya girl nigga, she got a thang for is big d*** ballers nigga\"
\"I saw a lesbian today and I thought of you\" thanks mom
I can't tell if riding citi bikes is a turn on or a turn off
This documentary on the issues going on in PR hurt my heart. I use to go there 2x's a year and it unrecognizable now.
I love being called out on not texting someone back
PKs are like ending tied baseball game with a home run derby. There has to be a better way!
Listen u not gon get everything u want baby i like gettin head first
my mom was literally at work for like 2 hours.. HOW!?
Next girl I have I promise that I wont fuck anything up, keep It all the way tall with her.
I just wanna drink micheladas under an umbrella on a beach far far away from here
Why wasn't I put in conceptual chemistry
THE WEEKND IS COMING TO NEW YORK BROOKLYN!
I have another sunny day at the beach planned for tomorrow.
WHAT A SHOT JONES
First time home in 4 days. Hey ma!
It was not supposed to happen,but still I don't feel good :\/ :\/
I don't want to be at work. I want to be in my pool with Alexis
Why are people saying goalaso lol..
I don't claim daughters because I still ain't actin grown
Nobody bother me about the game til after the game
They needs to turn down the volume I can hear that shit up from my room
finally being able to have a summer where I'm completely single &amp; I can focus on myself is actually really nice
It ain't even noon &amp; my day is already horrible ! Ugh
Even though it's over in 4.5 hour I'm just starting the Destiny Alpha right now.
Chill you are not a celebrity
Can you make it butt naked nasty or naw?
i seen niggas turn from boss to average
\"The last time you dated there was no such thing as emojis.\"
I can't even get in the bar with out missing a goal
Yo no quiero hablar de amor,Dime que te excita y tu posicin.
My boyfriend just told me how much he hates diving and all
Omg this guy on BART is Hella Fine. Like I just can't.
Seen that skirt at Forever 21
I haven't had chik fil a or Taco Bell I'm forever I miss fast food
wtf bruh\nyou just got back from Yale\nI fb messaged u and ur active on twitter and ur not replying RUDE \n
Too scared to email jaffe about the US history regent....
Men that need more attention than flamboyant women..yeah, um..no!!
These auditions are A MESS! Lmaooooo. Joseline is a fucking mess!
I do not have plans tonight. I would like to have plans tonight.
Girl your body's a problem they call me the problem solver.
Aha I know I don't follow that many sex accounts lmao
So then she asked for the owners number
Philosophical question 203: should one be concerned when the wine store raises the price of your favorite label?
Congrats to big papi on his 450th career home run
None of my boys could ever say I let them starve cause if I'm eating you eating
Wait actually 15- you're gorgeous and I die at almost every one of your tweets lmao I hope we end up in classes together next year
FIRST TFIOS AND NOW PAPER TOWNS AND LOOKING FOR ALASKA OMG
Can you hurry the fuck up so I can get my gummy bears?
Colombia gonna learn tn when Brazil spanks them
hey ratchets, it's called \"Dallas BBQ\"
I like and favorite 80% of the shit I see
My little sisters best friend is from Argentina &amp; absolutely so happy its so cute lol
I'm losing my shit over Legend of Korra!
What are the chances left this empanada in the fridge for me....
I really don't like the fact that my boyfriend hangs out with drug addicts.
Yo te quiero yo te adoro eres tu mi desoro.
Summer hits of the 2000s speaks directly to my preteen self and I am obsessed
if I didn't work I don't think I would ever leave my house this summer.. and I am perfectly okay with that
My ears are going to pop like crazy fml ughhh I feel it already and I haven't even taken off
Glad we made this trip to see . Best show I've ever seen. The cast was amazing.
I think that was the best nap I ever had.
If she's can't even text you back don't let you lie to you lol she doesn't care
Every day just seems to be going by hella fast
SO AMPED YO
Just met like a long lost cousin at a party!!!!
Gained energy for tonight from my nap I had earlier.
.but the cost of that glue is taken out of their paycheck
First day of hitting tomorrow you guys already know I lay the wood
thats where the line is drawn
Girls that loves soccer, can I please have you?
Oh yeah! Now tied..USA vs Port
So it's Bryan Stow's fault he was attacked FROM BEHIND and curb stomped by TWO GUYS?
Everyone says I'm not alone. Then why do I feel like I am
My first Homie when I moved to Lp was RAUl in 4th grade still my Homie till this day see mom real friends do exist
when will my friends understand I've been working nights and weekends for six years and continue to do so?
man nhl network isnt showing the draft and my hotel doesnt have nbcsn
If I said that I didn't plan for it to turn out this way, I'd be lying
I don't love getting drunk but I love getting drunk at work
Everyone just wants to end up happy..
Happy from the team at !
I called that
The enemy of Avenue A will stay.
We have now hit that point where having an erection causes pain.
I get jealous when ppl idk get close to my friends wtf is wrong with me
Ahaha won't be about none of that lol
Bitch I came right here with the bounce
None of these girls at this sweet 16 at work can walk in high heels
Mos Definitely coming to your Bar Mitzvah
i have to pee but i dont want to move
Who wants to get food in the mission right now?
some subway sounds good rn
yesterday an entire mexican restaurant sang me happy birthday with a giant sombrero on my head &amp; funny this is it wasn't even my birthday...
ugh the hugest smile has been on my face since I got out of work.
I tried to be nice today &amp; the person curved me so I give up on being nice
I'm a lil faded so that was funny
I just want to hold someones hand:).
My pepperoni hot pockets in the microwave ayee
Who is these people \" Yo Gotti\" and the rest of them
If Anthony's little brother and father think my hair is hilarious. CLEARY it's a DISASTER
Lmao I was a bad bad kid . Like that time I hit yonny with the hammer nigga never fucked with me again!
Soo tired , these 9 am games are something else
I feel so physically weird &amp; I don't wtf is wrong with me.
3.47 miles in 20 minutes
I really hate repeating myself
Lookin to just working 4 days this week
I could eat chipotle 24 7
Lucy in the sky with diamonds
Praying I can get through work tomorrow
I will provide transportation\/ possible movie tickets if someone please comes to the movies with me
IM SO FUCKCING PISSEDBOFF IM GONNNA DKIKL SOMEONE WHAT THE FUCKC
But first lemme ....shut the fuck up
Best sleep I've had in years!!
It's Sunday and I'm off so I'm drinking like it's Friday
YYAAAAAS GOOOOAAAALLLL BABIESSS AHHHHH
I need an energy boost so I can clean my room!
104.5 is so much better at night
Today I used a 75 dollar gift card to pay for 128 dollars worth of stuff and it worked and I don't hate it
Where do I work? AVALON! What do I drive? AVALON!
Did I sign up for this? The answer is no. Will I ever babysit again? The answer is fuck no.
There's some weird leg fetish stuff going around my timeline, I'm leaving.
Astoundingly lovely day in the Santa Cruz mountains. A good memory to hold me over for two weeks.
San Antonio Spurs are the champs now lets not hate lets respect there effort and willing to win
Such a dirty team- is the plan to just take out our team? Really????
She smashed the homie and she loving the crew. It seems like there's only 10 chicks in Atlanta.
Tuiteo sin leerlos.
\"Seriously.. It's like kissing someone blindfolded and when you take them off you just kissed the humpback of Norte dame.\"
OH MY GODDDDDD
Of course I forgot my bag at Walmart. Like why the fuck wouldn't I when I have a migraine like this?
if u seeing this and have a spare iphone in nyc for me to borrow for a couple of days i will luv u forever
To people living with, living with, living with, no dying from disease
Fuck your false accusations
I threw my pie for you.
Did anyone play Deep Down @ ?? Because I surely forgot :( lol
Loaded potato griller fro TacoBell not so loaded. I remember why I never go to the one here.
If you don't know how to drive a big fucking car, don't buy a big fucking car
I love that all of you are watching the game
Who trying to chill wit me and Brandon!??
All I want is to see Kawhi Leonard smile for the first time ever during his Finals MVP speech
Just helped two old stoned ladies from Texas find their way to Stanyan park hotel
Blessings come in all shapes and sizes!!! Don't miss your blessing!!
I want to wear a tiara and sing karaoke. Is that weird?
I really do hate ungrateful people. The amount of people I see talking shit about their parents but don't pay not 1 bill amazes me.
She can't kick it if she ain't wit the shits.
What are the odds? Same cabbie twice in one week. I get in and he says \"JFK T5 right?\"
Damn bruh sit down!
So pumped for this chem regents tm!!!!!!!!!!
I see Kirk in the street imma punch him in his face dead ass
Where the hell is the real Matt Cain anyway?
Finally after tonight, I can get over that heartbreak from last year
I've been watching the boy meets world marathon all day
Me and are also discussing how beautiful is
That looked painful
Ir a cenar alitass Buffalo contigo y asi &lt;3!
\": Ghana will win 3-2 I'm calling it right now.\" Your predictions trash
I feel like eating but I still have all this STK meat in my belly !!! \n\n
Justin is the kind of dude to tell you something crazy happened but when you ask someone if it's true, they look at you like you're stupid
Got banned on ps4 for a month for sending inapropro pics even tho I don't..
Come over. I made orange chicken and rice
Someone from Hachette was reading my website, but I still don't have a book deal. Weird.
Don't you think we outta know by now\nDon't you think we should have learned somehow
Pray for the intern that has to read that
So thankful to have someone like Jordan in my life through thick and thin ... Even though
all all the time baby
I need a serious change in my life ASAP shits getting old
who else feels like the snippets are different songs
WHERE ARE THE FANS AT?
Victoria Argentina 2-1
I cannot wait to start working. Like I can't.
starting not to like mimi
I need to leave. I love my parents but being home is literally sooo painful. College come sooner.
Lmaooo ya actually believed Kim k was blonde? That's a wig
This game's for you kid.
I got asked what my favorite Beyonce song is. Hahahahaha no such thing as 1 favorite song
Men who cry whilst watching \"The Notebook.\" lalalalauraah
Crazy how it still gets to me
Someone entertain me, I'm bored
\": your still ugly
gotten really bad at this whole texting back thing
If it's not sunny\/warm out tomorrow you will be seeing me hitchhiking my way to florida
More than half of my tweets will now be tinder bios.
Jeremy ditto n my dad are bffs. They've been talking for a hour, I haven't got 2 words in when I try to talk I'm just ignored.
USA BABY USA
Series could be over but if you think the heat flopped more than the spurs, you are blind. Like damn lol
If you didn't cry in The Faults in Our Stars you are missing a pretty vital organ!
In this very large world it helps to have someone smarter than you standing by your side.
Hahaha holy shit. The irony of that tweet
Retweet if you're getting !
Nani this isn't swim class
NEVER EVER GOTTEN ON MY PHONE AND SAW 17 NOTIFS YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING AF AND IM TRYING NOT TO CRY
Two roads diverged in the woods. I took the path less traveled by - and that has made all the difference.
she'll date anyone to feel a little less alone
Ronaldo, you have nice abs and all but I will break both your legs.
I been sleeping since I got off work , lol back to sleep I go
'Can you pour me some CranGrape, I'm disabled' -
The amount of bicep pics i get from is actually hilarious and ridiculous
Jones is the homie
Besides over-testing replacing experiential learning, tests are never seen by children again-no feedback =no learning. What a waste.
Relaxing Day My Basketball Plans Got Messed Up
I'm scared of old people, specifically passed their 60's, you'll never really know if they'll break their arm or something..
Just saw someone say \"merry 4th of July\" doe.... Dot dot dot
If like the whole marriage thing never works out for me best believe ill be a cat lady, and not ever be bitter about it
\": A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?\"
Goal tie game
People walk by the homeless woman begging but \"aweee\" at her dog. We're an interesting species
I feel so bad whenever wants to chill I have shit to do :(
Let's fucking go too easy
Courtney just suggested that I get a job at Dorney Park....
I will also never watch The Human Centipede.
MyCareer in 2k14 is fuckin nastyyy
Just woke up from a nap I took like 6 hours ago lol
Playing guitar hero right now
Momma said she proud me can't wait to get her everything she wishin
I don't think I'd get bored working at Barnes and nobles tbh
Patrol wouldn't suck if I could vape whilst doin' it.
That was the most heart I've ever seen on ninja warrior, so much support from everyone in Rochester!
Turned my anxiety into productivity maybe I'm actually learning how to deal
going to see tfios by myself yayyy
Ghana needs to settle down
You can't say the Spurs didn't deserve this.
Worst train ride ever with this bitch that stinks like straight assssss
my mans t-Mac should've stayed 1 more year he would've got his ring
who wanna chill tomorrow
Me bargaining: me- do 2 Athlete-no...1 Me- 2 Athlete- 1 me: do 3 Athlete- ok 2
Why is time going so slow right now ...
i threw my cap earlier and i nearly hit my friend in the face. never doing that again
it sucks to see anyone injured...
Not quite sure how I feel about this.
Lol I hate the term beat your meat
Man fuck you and your life
GOALL FUCK YAS USA
Damn hicks that was fucked bruh
were all bitchin about how we don't wanna go to summer school but in reality it's our own faults were going. we do it to ourselves people
When it comes to summer there's those people you wanna see, people that you don't really care if you see, and the ones you never wanna see
Wow USA, good start
There are some bitches on this team.
Someone come over. Please
It's cold outside. I prefer this over yesterday tho
Yeaaaah she doessa
Finally... It's ink day.
I am right. He is a psychopath.
I'm on a city rooftop rn so I should be happy
I want to vent to someone about my feelings
How am I supposed to know all this dumb ass global sike
Im crying wat the fuck so sad =( that was an emotional goodbye i cant =(
Les USA qui marquent en moins de 2 minutes, nan mais c'est une blague mdr
SOME PEOPLE HAVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO THAN START TROUBLE AND BUD INTO OTHER PEOPLE'S BUSINESS! !!!
Watching episode one of walking dead and seeing where they all are now is fucking insane
I will forever be useful to my family.... As a substitute for a stepladder
Seems like the only thing you're good at is subtweeting.
\"Follow my lead\" \n\n*gives up with 6 min left\"
\": SEE YA! Kelly Johnson crushes one to right, a 2-run shot, and the lead 3-0!\"
\"Who cooked eggs? Bitch, they runny. Die for that!!!\" -
Someone save me from being trapped at home with no food
OMG what kind of Gooooooooooolazo .......
nick in his feelings right now
you ever read something &amp; it just makes you so happy you gotta read it like 100 more times? nah just me. ok.
Another game-- the result will be decided by penalty shoot out
Cheaters are disgusting and should honestly be ashamed of themselves and the disgusting patterns they fall in over and over again.
I dont know how long I can last with you moaning crazy girl keep on callin me I'll take you to ecstasy
Why do people think it's necessary to get a nose job, butt implants or boob implants, don't be fake be happy with you have
If they didn't flop so much in soccer id watch so much more of it
It does not serve you, even if you love him.
Why does gerald butler make me wanna kiss him passionately?!?! He sexay
Leaving No Hope For These Hoes
i dont care if im in the middle of finals week i will come see 5sos my priorities are where they need to be
That psychic was spot on damn
Howard is a boss
It's the bald spot
Roommate says I'm watching too much , and kicked me out of the living room. So now I'm banished to my room to watch on my iPad.
US SCORES LEGOOOOOO
These tent beds were a lot more comfortable when I was a 70 pound camper and I could curl up into a little ball
Clouds are crazy as hell and just float in the sky but we accept the fact they exist like it's nothing (too early for this shit)
Nothing is more relaxing than a \npost-dinner walk in the park
I really wish we had a volleyball team
MY DAD BOUGHT A BI PLANE BUT WOULDN'T HELP PAY FOR MY COLLEGE TUITION OKAY DAD
This bitch today jus want to be seen
\"isn't it America's birthday today?\" -
Ramazan pidesi nerden bulabiliriz ?
I swear when tamar come home, ya'll not gon hear from me. Ima be lowkey
Why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart?
I get butterflies whenever Daenerys is on screen.
VENDO OUAT DAI APARECE O BOYD
\": Vanderbilt: 1st baseball title; 2nd championship in any sport (women's bowling, 2007)\" congrats but only 2?
This hairy ass dude at the pool keeps side eyeing me
Turns out hospitals are yet another place that makes me feel incredibly sleepy. Added to the list with planes, trains, cinemas, museums etc
Yankee fans really don't like red sox fans...
It's impressive how learns, listens, loves, knows, and breathes Kanye West;... his snapchats of Kanye are way extreme.
Alyssa has the cutest little feet ever lol
When it comes down to it I don't trust mostly everyone....
Ya Kobe was the reason for that three peat
Can you feel it Mr.Krabs? Can you feeeel it Mr. Krabs?
Yes let's go USA baby I love you Dempsey
GOOD CALL REF
This is not good news for the US
My group chats with my friends from Hawaii be having me hurt
Bitch didnt even say goodbye to me -_-t
Okay I need to get up and get ready before my cousin comes.
watching Emma's video right now yasss
\"Why are there so many black people on the other team?\" - Cole
bruh i need to finish getting dress
Lets DO This!!!!!! GO USA!!!!
just make me an anime mermaid and id be happy forever
Just tell me what you're really feeling, because I can't take you being like this anymore!
Can we get Hood wayne back
My life is beyond fucked to the point where it's not even funny
I bet Pharrel look younger than his son
And we're off to our private beach!
Not an ambassador for . Just a guy trying to get to work.
Niggas will force their dick flicks upon u
I'm tired of hearing the same thing come out of your mouth.
And when they blow up on you don't act like you never saw it coming
Lets Go USA baby 2-1
most random closet is rules. lol
Forcing me to FaceTime all ugly just to show me his new place... Ugh.
my bathing suit top smells like hot tub\/pool water and alcohol...
I'm on my way to get my lip pierced,Holy Shit.
Megan loves talking in 3rd person.. is that weird?
\": I want a scorpio in my life \"
Thank god the parent trap is on rn
If you're going to cheat, you better at least win -Dad
Oh My Fucking GOD! Many Put The Dunk Of The Series!
The day I realized I have a type
I'm to call Dayday I know he tight lol..
About to deactivate facebook. It's corny b.
Breakfast at Tiffany's gets better and better every time I watch it.
Hahaha do you see this shit
K well I guess don't leave a lighter in your car all day bc it will explode....what?
LeBron came to play but I think the rest of the Heat is back in Miami
I want a girlfriend lol
I think later-twentysomethings often have better luck making cohesive records because we've spent more time rly getting to know our angst.
I don't even know how to sleep in anymore
At the beta launch forum, just learned you can FOIA a FOIA request when agencies are stonewalling lol
I have terrible taste in people I've come to this conclusion
he fr just kicked dempsey in the nose
Y me enternecen todos tus defectos
Love how everyone's a doctor after a guy gets injured
finally spending quality time with my guitar after God knows how long
I'm such a weenie
Epa los mexicanos tienen internet?
Just because the Spurs took the lead is about to tweet something stupid
\"I can't tell if these people in patterns are gay or just MESSED.\" -
And Argentina takes the W
I have legit not changed out of my bathing suit since i went swimming at 3. Lol
I can feel it happening real soon me and mother are gonna get in a fight and I won't stop til I hurt her.
You haven't seen cute until you seen a pug trying to eat corn on the cob
I need to talk to you its important can you please text me
I made it! I survived one whole year of adulthood! Only... 42 or so more left until retirement (if I'm lucky)!!
Happy birthday to a b-team lax bro
WAIT I JUST SAW A PICTURE OF LUKE HEMMINGS KISSING A GIRL AND IT LOOKED LIKE A FAIRLY RECENT PHOTO JUST
That game was definitely under control and we all acted like adults.........
everyone fell asleep what is this
Saul Williams taught me so much about lyrics and the power of words. I've never met the dude a single time and he's changed my whole world
Going to NYC in the morning. If you're not jealous, you're a robot.
Corporations can have religious beliefs now. Thanks, .
Are we madly in love or madly insane
I have a lot more people to worry about then you fucking god
LETS GOOOOO rollins vs ambrose
Thanks to Drew N. And the whole staff for such a great dinner last night.
Nuggahs is still up lol
this bitch on jeopardy saw a picture of a mole for one of the questions and answered with platypus. LOL WHAT ARE YOU RETARDED
Us all day
Just woke up at 4:30 because I'm having a panic attack about where and with whom I will be watching the US game Someone be my friend
Late to the party: just joined Twitter. My virgin tweet. Does this make me a twit? How tweet it is! Hey, you can get a lot in 140 chars!
I like it better when the men get along better!
the ball hit the camera out of all places im amazed
More when you're hanging clothes and realize your dress is directly next to your tank and tee.
Dead Be Listening To Mr.Telephone Man &amp; If It Isn't Love Daily RT \": Seriously I would go to a New Edition concert I love them\"
I'm 21 and I'm living bruh
today i saw myself in a different perspective and it was humbling
Something's been eating up my mind &amp; I wish so badly to forget it.
Lo que se promete se debe cumplir.
This paparazzi chock trying to take the whole front stage I DONT THINK SO girl u kno I got ur back
Everyone's chases the bitch with nice hair.
Idc what anyone says, click is a sad fucking movie, especially when you watch it alone
- Good Morning , Happy 4th Of July Everyone :) BE SAFE !!
Y'all do not like change what so ever lol
Why is the nail place not answering the phone like come on a bitch needs to be groomed
Clint Dempsey Yiddo!!!
Don't loose what's real chasing only what appears to be
My mom be like\"no llegue tan tarde mami, mucho cuidado,no se valla a emborrachar \" pero disfrute!
No matter what i do or where i go, i aint never gonna forget where i came from
Crazy how people find smoking cigs to be glamorous. Idk how shortening your life and giving yourself cancer has any attractiveness to it
\"And you know I talk a lot of shit..\nBut that's cause I don't mind playing dodgeball\nWith hollow tips\"
Happy Independence Day to everyone! Truly blessed to live in this beautiful country!
Got a lot to think about... but not tonight
It's better to be looked over than over looked.
.Why are there cute boys in this grocery store but not on grindr? did they all switch 2 scruff bc of rupaul? Will i always be alone?
I think in my past life I was a dog whisperer
I really want to start using the snapchat chat
Why am I missing good games !!!:(
I legit need one day every week just to get myself together again lol
Melvin Gets No Ass Yet Thats His \"Pana Del Alma\" I Dont Get It
I Hope One Day We Can Talk Our Issues Out Like Adults , SIKE !
he kicked him in the fucking face?????
San Bruno scores 4 runs top 5, Blues hold 5-4 lead bottom 5
I still owe y'all a picture of my ass
Play them on the counter quick and we'll fucking win!
WHY AM I SO FUCKING PATHETIC.
Founding a religion opposed to environmental pollution controls &amp; workplace diversity. Private corp execs only. Tithes at 3%
USA.. Make me proud. I'm so glad I'm from 2 countries in the World Cup bc if one is unfairly out, I still have 1 left to root for.
Ok starting today, I'm only gonna eat healthy lol
Ms.Flynn wrote some heart warming things in my yearbook
I nailed a frisbee at jen's forehead so hard I'm crying
Mom just said we were going to the outlets today. I laughed and kept drinking my bud heavy
People dead wild out on kik and snapchat lol
Mighty taco has just been delicious lately
I can't handle twitter right now
I hope the asians in my room take the test in english this year
Facial hair is attractive AF. If you all about the baby faces you're trippin.
June swoon in full effect
Who knew that a 10 man Costa Rica is one of the top 8 national teams in the world! Gotta love the game!
Ugh I cannot stress how sexy tat sleeves on guys are
Damn I gotta be up hella early and I can't sleep tahahah
HONESTLY WHAT HAPPENED TO THE BURIED LIFE THAT SHOW WAS MY ISHH
For Dems its easy to say take care of everyone\nI say take care of all Americans 1st\nThen take care of the world
Im really bad at letting things go
All I'm praying for is a Germany win today and oh ya happy July 4th people !
She thinks your the cats meow. -candles
Im stuck between living in the country side or living in the city.
There are a few girls younger than me that are odee mature and I fucks with it odee
Sometimes it feels like love is a weakness.
I guess I'll get ready for work while I secretly hope they fire me today bc FUCK MCDONALDS
Spongebob Mac and cheese would be ideal rn
Higuain tiene que jugar siempre.
STOP ACTING LIKE A DOUCHEPANTS JFC
Yaaaasssss motherfucker !
Alright Alana needs to pick up her fucking phone
don't know what i'd do if i ever lost my mom
Shady canyon wins! I'm a pro score keeper. I'll take some credit in our win! Haha
Truth is if you choose to not like me, then you don't know what you're missing out on
Dempsey just got the best tippy ever
Most expensive item you ever bought?
Bruh put me back in high school please
... Your fine till I leave, now... Your in a detention facility within an hour... FUCK! Not how I want to start my fuckin day.
You know who's snapchat story was super dope?
Qb ehart gaddis is some of the few thinks is top five
The amount of money spent on campaigns to get politicians elected and stay incumbent is batshit crazy and unconscionable. Money infects
Bout to get this quick 30 minute Weight room session in
New startup idea: Camburger. A service where for a monthly fee you can watch someone eat a burger at anytime of the day or night.
Idc what anybody says. The only place to be tonight in RVA is RVA Theatre w\/ my homies that's real!
My heart is beating out of my chest
About to order some ProBars for the gym. Is it just me, or are those things amazing? I'm open to addition brand suggestions.
everyone forgive me... I could've stopped my girl-friend from buying pleather... I tried my best, but I failed.
Blocked-There Was An Error Following. Please Try Again In A Few Moments. Ok ..
Hey twitter, please stop having a mind of your own. You're an app, I tell you what to do!
Just seeing my niece will brighten my worst day.
My dad really just made me mad
\"I have scars on my hands from touching certain people.\"
What's good for tonight? If I don't do something after work I'll go insane.
The only good thing about work is when I get out the soccer game will almost be on
Do we even have to go to school today? There's nothing to do?
Lucky you gotta anime avi or I'd mock that gay shit smh
Why does my car have two flats?
The least you can do is not put it out there and rub it in my face like this, not like I did anything to deserve that
No. of times I've seen since my wedding: not enough. Got to catch up with her at . Now to catch up with her Detroit story.
omg I made way too much guac
Why isn't this helping? I should be relaxing and I can't.
I don't know if it's the weather but I can't bring myself around for festivities
Mar when u wake up call me;)
I'm lazy. Someone Rex Brian.
Remarla con vos es como ir a la guerra. En ojotas. Con un tenedor.
heat just look like they dont care at all
Now I just need to meet and my life will be complete
Naturally, the guy named Pop wins the NBA championship on Father's Day.
Mom is googling the lyrics to Turn Down for What because she is convinced that Lil Jon isnt speaking english during the song.
Your bitch chosen just let her .
Great job to stop the fish from a potential rally!
I posted an ungrammatical Facebook update, hope no one saw
a n n o y i n g
i dont care if its a joke or not do not call my babe babe tf I will set you on fire
Just got hit by a baseball LOL
I was gonna say this but all races have those girls \": Attitude problems RT : RT with a black girl flaw\"
shorty fucked up usher name
Algerians just didn't have the luck Germany did - Michael ballack
\"They don't serve vegan in prison, bitch.
Dempsey goal made twitter explode.
Today was a great first fathers day\n
If its meant to be, it will happen
A cat just jumped out of the McDonalds drive through window (Brianna's my witness) and I'm so confused. Still gonna eat the food though.
Instead of going to 1oak and meeting tn. I stayed in and worked on my presentation for tm.
Tell me how I'm going to Florida tomorrow and I didn't even get my eyebrows waxed
All jokes aside! I think if I was on the heat bench we would only lose by 10!
When we were young I remember you were my boo
Twitter is the only application I don't get bored of using on my phone xD
cause there's a thousand ways and a thousand times, I could try to say I will make you mine
Couldnt have asked for a better weekend
It's crazy watching people grow up and see what they turn out to be
The bay? More like the bae
I feel like everyone should check their snapchats more often lol
I'm always sad when we have to end the FaceTime
\"But there's this new mutation, this ability to stand between a human being &amp; some small measure of justice &amp; blame it on some regulation.\"
GOAL GOALLLLLL BACK OF THE NET
someone invite me to your 4th of July party thanks
Stop calling girls sluts it's 2014 if you don't like sex you're weird
I have started to listen more
What does it mean when your loved one is there but refused to come forward?
wish i had more Spanish speaking friends. I feel like such a hick sometimes with all my Americanized friends.
No.... Fly in Donovan rn
I mean if you wanna be bae LOL
\"Their playing chasing cars and I thought of us\"
Gotta love random daycare closures when you have to be at work. I can't wait till she's old enough to not need a sitter.
Jones! What a goal! USA!
I knew costa Rica was gonna win
When your heart is elsewhere, you should be there too.
Ignorance to cope man, ignorance is bliss, ignorance is love, and I need that shit
LET'S FUCKING GOOO
If I wake up with a spider bite I swear
need a new charger fuck
Fuck work I'm missing the Brazil vs Colombia game for that bullshit
I think ima give up with the beard go for the short sideburns
Oh so you would let your girl cheat like that and not bust too wit em chicks? Damn
Eh maybe I won't study for English
\"Haven't you ever been on a private jet?\" Probably the most pretentious question I'll hear all day and it's not even 12pm yet.
I actually sat down and watched soccer for a bit and got disgusted
Basically just won the qualification for the Semi-finals.
Italia didn't play well in the second match but Lets hope the US and Belgium can get a draw or three points today!
DRINKING BLOOD RIGHT OUT OF THAT GOAT HORN
O, FORMA DE INSULTAR A LOS IDIOTAS, SIN QUE SE DEN CUENTA!
Internet jaded. Missing and the nations fastest internet.
I actually get to be a part of Jonathan Leder's shoot today...so hyped
Slappin Pebbles \"Love Make Things Happen\" awesome track produced by Babyface hella memories with this song
Ima give bitches a minute of shine then tell em' good riddance !
That's how you shoot Ronaldo!
i need pride whiskey and cigarettes and pride tori alone time to start pride off right now.
The selfishness is real out here
the smell of the pizza this dude is delivering makes me wanna vom everywhere but also makes me want to devour an entire pizza pie
Happy first full day of summer!
Shoutout to Dj lil rye for playing ol McDonald at prom
I feel like Shannon is being bounced around by all these catty liars
I swear I'm about to throw my fork at my sister rn
Liveeeeee your lifeeeee be freeeeeee
found a lot of people i knew from elementary school on fb
The walls kept tumbling down in the city that we loved.
damn theu left me fam is loenly
Whenever I drink the only lights in the house my mom leaves on show the path to my room
Got a little burnt today at camp
I really need more people to kick it with. Too many people been dissing lately.
SHE LIES AWAKE IM TRYING TO FIND THE WORDS TO SAY I WISH I WAS I WISH I WAS BESIDE YOUUUUH#
Now every bitch gonna jack he cute
LET THAT MAN COOK!
Smelling BBQ and not being able to eat it is the most torturing thing in the world
Probably the funnest trip I made to Mexico! I know Ill have better ones
That's right I'm bringin back ... That's the gauntlet on the floor in front of you.
Two people at life in color told me they recognized me from Applebee's ..... ..... ....
I'm drunk everyone left and I didn't realize bye
About to see The Lion at with at New York City Center, very excited!
We don't fuck around with that fuck shit
Rise and grind. Can't stop, won't stop.
Thankfully that's who's taking me to the airport . That goodbye is going to kill me
Dean Ambrose is the modern day Brian Pillman and I'm very fuckin happy with that!!
Oh im boutsta rip this damn bandage off my face
I get to see arctic monkeys again!
PKs are so much fun to watch
He is just sooo adorable!!
the \"relationship goal\" thing is getting so annoying. Seriously what do you want, to be napping the whole day with someone?
Justin Bieber is selling Selena Gomez the dream, got this chick on a string.
\": I thought girls liked vampires?\"loool I dooooo!!!
\": Dating a ? Dont be boring or they will dump your ass!\"
Went through the whole day and didn't even realize it is Half Christmas..to say the least, I'm very disappointed in myself. Merry Half Xmas
I'll just go workout for the 3rd time today since I have no friends to hangout with....
I'm so Brooke bc of jersey shore house... Don't know where I'll be getting all this money from
Pretty sure I just saw Beckerman's dreads form a fist to punch that ball away.
all that and didn't follow me... lolololololol
I deffidently have West Nile virus
Just got handed a leather washbag with rituals moisturiser and lip balm
Got you shackled in my embrace
YUP. RT : Remember the days when Android used to send random texts to the wrong person?
John Parker you act like your insanely famous when your not. Its honestly really funny.
Lake Elizabeth is still the same
Already worked out and spotted all my fav peeps at Bagelman. Happy 4th. Now cancel my work day
A Tribe Called Quest Low Carb Gluten Free Protein Bars
Ugh, why am I watching this?
Time to walk Sparty &amp; Tazz
you have choices ... i have none, remember?
My grandma always talks to me as if I'm listening to her lmao
Blairstown daisy sucks ass &amp; I will never go there again
These dudes always get
honestly i had a goooooood ass day today
Panoramic wit the tinned roof all my niggas dogs go roof
For a young teamOn HD Slow mo reply? Think about every blake griffin dunk in real time v. annoying slowed down faces.
I still think of that kid from my English class that called me Anastasia instead of Asia and it still makes me super happy
Like a leach living off the blood of a host, man seeks to dominate others. Stay your desire and quiet the mind, the universe will provide.
Why are HS students decorating their graduation caps lol isn't that a college thing
Hay everyone a vary happy unbirthday to you
can't wait to finally have a day off tomorrow
I knew he was going to win I wanted beyonce to win tho
Enjoying wish I was there
Same developer sells just one of many apartments above O'Donnell for $60 million (cont)
Elizabeth Carder-Thompson discussing False Claims Act cases, some limiting its reach; other non-health cases extending it.
And I ain't talking about these basic lil girls, fake pillow talk em, em bitches love that shit
I want to go for a drive
Boys are confusing.
USA with the fastest goal in the tournament so far!!
I want a mouse so bad
So I'm at the IHOP in the Bronx and my waitress looks like jlo if she never made it out
Mom bought like 20 nail polishes in the past week and idk which color to go with
\"I'm bouta put on some old school drake.... I mean, it is raining\"
I've been laying in bed feeling like crap all day so it only makes sense to order Chinese....right?
I'm craving some chips and queso
Can't handle all the US pride right now
All up in my biz worry bout your own shit
I don't like people who put others down or throw out the r-word around like nothing. No respect..
Just took a bath for the first time since the 90's. It was Clinton's first term. We were all using Windows 3.0.
Like, if you're gonna use a running machine... fucking run.
Long ass car ride and this sloot in the front won't play drake but is playing usher... Da fuk
If you don't like Tim Kurkjian....well,\nyou're wrong.
I'm not the first to know , there's just no getting over you
Argentina won, and tonight there's a possibility that we'll be getting out early. Best early birthday so far
Is it required for guys who work at a gym to have crazy spiky hair? At a health fair &amp; a lot of gel is being used at the table next to me.
After 2010 giving up early goals every game, I'm in shock.
Thank u salpinos for prohibiting me to go on vacation. THANKS.
I can't wait to cut my hair
Damn how they cut her off
kinda feel like I won't be close with anyone at centennial..
&amp;&amp; I can hear them dancing. These ppl have NO same
I love my city really taught me everything I know..
THAT WAS INCREDIBLE.
It's just nice to be nice. You don't have to be a fool though.
I planed to not wake up until 9.... But I was awakened at 640. The message is brought to you in part by my inconsiderate sister.
\"have you realize you never actually see yourself die in your dreams.. &amp; what if when you do see yourself die you actually do die...\"
ummm did you tweet that or did a woman steal your twitter password?
Boys Meets World is the fucking shit. Shawn's a homie
It's hard losing friends. I am so lucky to have these people in my life, and so incredibly sad to see them go.
No more sad tweets. Ima be happy.
in complete shock.
Yup \": Marry someone who makes bad jokes and good coffee.\"
Told u. Not fighting for it. U want it. Work for it. These 2 side to everything right. So.
Shout out to Long Island friends &amp; their pools &amp; shout out to the Great Whites being spotted out there keeping me from the beach this summer
\": *hangs up the player jersey*\" ALREADY
Fucking Jarrett accidentally sent me a snapchat talking shit about me
Letttssss gooooo goalso
Why is gradimages still sending me emails about buying my high school graduation pictures
The money turned me to a monster, the money turned my tuna into lobster. The money turned my noodles into pasta
I hate you and If you were here id fuck you up
I see things in wood shop be like I saw things.
I took my pre-workout before I left to the gym and it's hitting me hella hard right now. I'm not even at the gym yet.
: Kwesi Appiah and Jordan Ayew are very stupid people.How can they be playing with our Heart.
That day is just to remember MJ for being the most sweetest, humblest, &amp; amazingly talented person that he was. Like no other. :')
And I think about summer, all the beautiful times, I watched you laughing from the passenger side. Realized that I loved you in the fall.
WOOOOOOOOO FUCK YES WAY TO TURN THINGS AROUND USA!!!!!!!
Brazil Colombia is gonna be crazy today. I think Colombia is about to make a lot of people upset yfm
Ratchet people will fight anything that offends them like y'all have to be the most emotional people alive
How do I have the one bed frame that has no brand, no model number and no online instructions
My day was made by watching 6 teenage boys get physically removed from the Prada store in SoHo as I walked by. &lt;3 you, NYC
It's about time
\": *places Atlas Shrugged box set on shelf right between \"inception\" and \"end of evangelion \" *\"\n\nMIND = BLOWN
Wow such an amazing movie well made. Congrats for your part. So proud of you.
FUCK YEAH!!! Goal!!
there's nothing worse than the feeling that you care about someone more than they care about you
My dream will come true one day. Just wait on it.
What a great bedtime story Jimothy . Same time tomorrow ?
Date up! Please. If friends\/fam tell you they don't get it, it's probably for a reason.
Omg heather from housewives of NYC needs to stop being so competitive no one cares!!
Gooooooooooooooooola lets go USA
There are some youtubers I realllllllly hate. Wow.
I MISS MY PEOPLES DOWN IN NC SO MUCH
Unperk of working on national holiday: have to work
I swear all i want is for this little boy to leave me alone .
Isn't this spot usually for Solange?
Derek Jeter being 40 makes me feel old
Retweet if your Birthday is in this month
\"Who cares about soccer? Who cares about anything? I don't care about anything.\"
He only shoutout 1 child like he don't got like 4
Feels like it should be 3. I got my day started so late today.
ARE YOU KIDDING MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I sent davon a link to my cover to little talks
What're you doing you look like a girl out there!! What're you a girl or something?!
If you're bored tonight let me knowww
so that was the last time im going to see my homies for like two months
\"Friday I have a half day so I'll be boozin by 1:15\" - big rich
back door devin he's a wreck
Little by little you realize who your real friends are
Im still getting ignored... im starting to get horny
why am i always sick during summer
Chico whipped me the best turkey club
A nigga can't be humble without someone thinking their goal is pity
if you're a real friend you will be by their side through thick &amp; thin no matter how bad it is you will stay by their side
-It bothers me when women talk about how men better respect them yet they don't respect men.
Gol ! 2 - 1 . Portugal va quedndo fuera.
Cut my hair or keep it the way it is, I need advice!!
Wicked it is tied! Just in time to see if USA wins this ish!
Setting sail in less than 3 weeks!! Time to book shore excursions
If a girl fucked one of my bros before me then its slowwww
Every rapper in a cypher, every player in a huddle, You really wanna fuck, but you say you want to cuddle
Good morning everyone! I have some fun articles today for you guys :)
Like I care about a lot of people but there's three that I'd probably do anything for
5 days until I'm in
This is actually really shitty. Lmao
Cherish Liberty! It doesn't come without a price. Happy Birthday, America!
A crab cake benedict sounds bomb af right now.
LIFE OF THE PARTY IS ON REPEAT GET IT TO NUMBER 1 WE CAN GO IT GUYS
The term hipster was first used in the 1940s, defined as people who rejected social norms like middle class whites listening to jazz. HA!
Missed the goal in the elevator leaving work. If someone could let me know where to turn in my citizenship card, that'd be great.
Someone wanna take me to Denny's
To all my Costa Rica Friends
I been looking for a job for a while now &amp; still haven't found shit.
If I'd like to know what's going on in the World Cup, I'd watch it.
Let's Get Married Remix - Jagged Edge Ft. Rev Run
Someone told me tonight I was very brave. Odd thing is I never feel brave.I just feel matter of fact. Not fear, not bravery, just in between
That summer league is finna be active this year
Messi just too nice
My favorite type of UI is a TUI
Hipster by heart but I can tell you how the streets feel
If you claim a safari hat is a bucket hat Then I hope you burn alive
it doesn't feel like the 4th of July this year tbh ngl
It's Monday &amp; we've got lots going on this week. Join us Friday 9:30 for a special TRX interval training class. Friends are FREE!
My cannoli's aren't full..
Looking for a second job that pays about the same as my current job or better.
If u really wanna make in life, ask God for wisdom
let's get drunk on a mini bar
The concept of monogamy is not for me
\": Sweet tea vodka what why\" + lemonade = sexy juice
Even my heart cries but who cares
put in work today w &amp;
when your mom tells your aunt that you don't help out around the house and you're rude to her
MESSI MESSI MESSI good on him
I hate this fucking old lady she pisses me off.
The one thing I hate is when people underestimate me
I really need to get something new pierced
Keith just played Cm Punk's music on his phone &amp; my head immediately snapped right to the tv. Motherfucker had me excited af...
Nani is a fucking rat sit down son
Ive learned my lesson with lettin ppl slide with shit
Whenever my sister or I have a good time somewhere my mom goes crazy
G O A L.!!!!!!!!
There is no better workout than pushing carts in the heat. P90X? Insanity? Pfft pussy shit
I SHOWERED THREE HOURS AGO WTF IS THIS.
Oh how cute, changed her twitter name.
Ok . Only 88 minutes to go and you got this.
Listening to &amp; QuixoticWolf speak Spanish on ps4 is so confusing for me XD
This is exactly why I can't take soccer seriously... dude pulls a hammy &amp; he's stretcher'd off the field. Even Paul Pierce thinks that odd
Gana Costa Rica en los penales. Es la realidad.
Need someone to talk to until I fall asleep
Why do niggahs call me crazy
Sometimes I forget Nick cannon was almost aborted
I'm finally out of the picture just like you wanted, are you fucking happy now?
This store is so big we can play hide and seek and no one will find you lol
Hey congrats on the win at last night! Keep on wining buddy!
Last day. I will miss my class. We had lots of fun together.
I've had \"Shame on a nigga\" stuck in my head for like a week haha
40% Meslier, 40% Arbanne and 20% Pinot Blanc. 100% tasty.
I bet on USA.... Better win
Lol my parents were so worried when they saw me awake
Battalet rouh 3al sahra 3ashen fish hada ywasselne
HOLY FUCK OUR BAGELS THIS MORNING WERE NEXT LEVEL
DEMPSEY!!!! 30 SECONDS IN
\"I'll get to that in a second.... I've fucked many a feminist\"
So dope played 's \"Kingdom\" record right after Dave Chappelle's show
I can't seem to get warm
Honestly really appreciate my father. Not because he's awesome but because he's taught me how not to be a parent. And I'm thankful for that.
congrats costa rica. well deserved w.
Soooo why is today Olympic day?? What happened today? WHY DONT I KNOW THIS???
Feel bad for boring people because when they get older they only get to tell their kids how boring they were when they were young
Thank god Neal is out of the East
I'm about to give it up like I've been holding back all night
I hope he knows this time it's going to be different
I dont think we did bad against the CCS defending champions lol
I honestly stuck in the future of my life
leave your drama for ya momma
Ya'll hear that reaction Naomi got?
This is going to be the worst summer by far
OH MY LORD MANU
their making rusev look od strong for what reason i hope swagger whip this nigga
Opposite of a troll trolling! LoL\n\nyes that is exactly what I am guilty of doing right now\n\nat this exact moment. in about 30seconds I mean.
Faith is rooting for Portugal because they \"deserve it more\" smh un-American
\"Caminante, no hay camino. Se hace camino al andar.\" - Antonio Machado\n\n(Wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking.)
Firesdie Pizza in Squaw. Prepping for tomorrow
im busy she says , i have plans she says .
Now I see why I get stuck with assholes. I deserve it
Know thy self. Be aware of those who will try and test you.
Rooting for Ghana right now. I'm literally the worst American lol
There's just certain shit you don't do outta respect but mf's don't know how to respect people nowadays !
The Pequot got the best of me last night doe
Dear Texas: I'm coming for you tomorrow. And plan to bring Tim Duncan, Tony Parker, Kawhi Leonard &amp; Manu Ginobili's bald spot back with me.
Why are so many fake accounts following me...
wow I really miss listening to Claire lishys psycho bratty stories a lot right now
LMFAO watch me NEVER get a text AGAIN
AHHHHHHHH!!! ME DOODE DEMPSEY!!
I get these cute little faces now c:
On the back deck, drunk and awkward, i think we accidentally met
Hellers Alive, Jordan's dead, Margot's dead, and Navarro has the override. Best episode ever. These actors deserve Emmys.
The boy I want is sleeping right now
Yung babaeng powder at lip balm lang ang ganda na.
I Told Y'all Spurs Are Too Good For Maimi. They Got Lucky Last Year With That Miracle. And Bow They Were Exposed. And It's In Lebron Too
And this time Im not apologizing to nobody Idgaf.
since my moms been at the hospital I've had to take her roll in everything\n\nI feel like a 49 yr old mother of 3 instead of a 14 yr old girl
We all get addicted to something that takes away the pain.
That was an amazing shot
PLEASE SOMEONE GET ME
To be honest I'm selling all of them now so hmu if u wanna know what I have or ur interested
Like niggas be munching mommy off mommy pockets talking bout \" I'm getting money\"
It's dubbing season I smell it in the airrrr
Even though he forgot to wish us \"happy beliebers day\"
How can you be so cold idgi
I'm always turning up....soooo it doesn't matter
Remember when sparklers were the COOLEST things EVER!?!
She don't want a man she just wann fuck
This is crazy!
scores a goal in seconds
Goshhh Cristiano... man...
I am incapable of human interaction unless intoxicated. :\/
You know your a Thottie when your drinking miller out of a cup with a straw at the beach house
Ma gli arbitri di Argentina Bosnia vengono direttamente dalla casa di Biancaneve?
\": Don't repeat old chapters, the ending of the story will never change.\"
What a beautiful day
they need to get my boy birthday trending instead of Ariana Grande's. who cares about her
ada_fusco snapchat me, only if you funny lolol
Tim Duncan is going to celebrate by using Manu's HBOGO password to watch Parade's End
so excited for cape cod tomorrow
LOLLLLL Chris Rock's joke about Scandal
Anthem Lights - Can't Shut Up
Learn from he mistakes &amp; past
Idk whats wrong, why is everything hitting me at once
\"Noooo we weren't readyyy\" -Ghana
If I was your girl, I would sit on your lap as you bench pressed
Ronaldo was prob concerned w his eyebrows on that one
Some ppl lash on to u because u benefit them and I'm not with it !
I told myself id take a short shower and it was 32 minutes. Better luck next time
I realize you love yourself more than you could ever love me
12 year olds be talking about having sex and shit like what the fuck is wrong with this generation
I need new graphic tees. Silicon Valley's been too hot for button down shirts. Street sounds good this coming weekend
I didn't even wash the top of my ass yet . Lmao everyone have a great day
When I think about you I think about 17
I wonder if I could cut the palms out of my gloves... I wonder if the refs cares
I hate when my parents tell me I have to babysit
There are stereo types for a reason
Idk I just miss u a lot
If I type \"Dimitree\" or \"Dimitris\" in the search bar right now I'll prolly see y'all mentioning me on the low, hoes
Only thing Imma miss about buff is dorming.. Don't have to worry about traveling to see nobody
Rough days call for a MARGARITAAA
The devil may cry at the end of the night
It went from love to hate so fast
Damn is Twitter even rooting for Bosnia cause my TL is dead after that goal hahaha
4 turn offs: cigarettes, show offs, cockiness, and being rude.
For some great info please Come and follow us on Facebook...
Not sure why my snapchat story from last night just posted
as stupid as it sounds I want a relationship w\/o a title
esta bien no me contestes putito ya me vas a escribir y chota que te voy a contestar jajajaa
Feel like I covered all of Manhattan today starting at 6am. Ready to pass out on this Monday.
I just want to get in a car. And just drive and go find my purpose in life. Find a reason worth living for .
I be playing 2k association all by myself and be having hella fun lmao watch the dunk contest during the all star week because Idk how lmao
JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY! JO-EY!
-Sonrio, Quiero Dejarle Saber Al Mundo Que Lo Que Ayer Me Dolio Hoy Me Dejo De Importar Y Soy Mas Fuerte ;)
I think about you to much sometimes
Sometimes, I like to think of myself as funny
Hamstring injuries suck.. Shit hurt like a mofucka
I think the boys are going to deliver this time, . Been waiting for this my WHOLE life!!
Bad bitches got em on dial
I seriously be in the bathroom for an hour straight just using my phone, I need to stop bringing my phone with me to the bathroom.
in 1998 I ENTERED EGYPT as the PLANE FLOWN LOW READY TO LAND my EYES STARTED TO CRY i know I was happy but there were MORE FEELINGS
I will be so disappointed If I don't get engaged at Disneyland
Gorgeous bosnian girls
This wasn't a rematch of last years finals at all it was a rematch of the 2007 finals: Spurs vs. Lebron
I simply hate texting what can I say
You know how easy it is when your wingman get just as much play as you ? You seen what Kobe and Shaq did right ?
Roman candles out of my ass a 4th of July tradition
been about ya and I'm still about ya
imagine if someone actually showed as much interest in you as you do with them :) :) :) :) :)))
Let me reiterate. Getting Pagan and Belt back will not fix this trashed and broken bullpen.
If you book yourself as a headliner, you're doing it wrong and you're a huge douchebag
OMG SHES THE MAN IS ON CINIMAX ON DEMAND
Well I chose partying over job... got a lesson now...
Wilfred is one of my new favorite shows
This is me apologizing about the excessive tweets about teen wolf
I mean u brought this all amongst yourself .
You're judge mental shouldn't have texted you.
A bug literally just attacked me...this is why I don't go outside
Tequila is the best kind of alcohol
Part of me wants to see how many more times I can get away with the \"I'm not from around here\" line with Long Island cops
Treat you like my hustle you know I be on that all day.
Spurs taking this is just gonna complete an absolutely perfect night
Where the hell is my Lannister shirt
GOAAAAAL tied up baby
can a-trak stop commenting on my gf's ig photos. smh
Sometimes when you're nice to people they give you cake :-)
Convince me to watch How To Train Your Dragon 2 before murders me for declining her bagillionth attempt to watch it with her.
Niqqah you ain't even chill anymore
*American by Lana Del Rey plays in the background*
You're pretty dumb lol
nunca digas siempre todo se echa a perder
When your bf doesnt reply :\/
I took her to Philly with me once and she slept while I drove. Smh
Zendaya WTF!!!!Aah banm etenn tele a
I can't wait till next week so I can sleep till 2 and go to Sam's pool everyday
Not a soccer fan but ima always support my country. .
The Atlantic is wicked warm for June - we would like the thank corporate America and global warming.
I hate when I get so mad that all of the anger and stress inside me makes me shake like it's gonna burst out any minute
The guys are throwing quarters at hot girls and pennies at ugly ones
Excuse me. No. I watch teen wolf for hot Derek.
Might have to be a Preds fan this season because Lavy
video was heartbreaking! you are a sweet guy!
Today was fucking great and it's not even over yet(;
Wish I could go one fucking night without this feeling. Fuck man it's been too long to be caught up on this still.
Pizza and beer might be the best combo ever
College needs to start already so I can make new girl friends in New York. All I know is these NY hoes better stay away from my man tho lol
I would rather be bashed in the head with a hammer than be lectured on female sexuality by a feminist
How you remind me- Nickelback
Yield Going into the medical field
Turn down for I hate loud high school kids
Falling in love with yourself &amp; sharing that love with some1 who appreciates you. Not that, looking for love to compensate for a self love.
I still can't get over last night, it was too litt
i can't lie to you\nif i see arthur on tv\ni watch it
I'll never be good enough ; guess i just have to accept that
Steps on steps on steps left to climb. But finally finished the first set
Unbelievable!! 17.000 employees @ denied of\nContraception Mandate? Another against ?
LeBron has his struggle face going on. I kinda feel bad for him
WHAT DID YOU CALL ME ?! RT : \"Spigot\" is the most offensive-sounding word that isn't
So disregarding DNA and the fact that without it you're impossible, who would you be? Essentially anyone, given infinite backgrounds.
I can finally say all is really well. Nothing can ruin my day. I've changed my perspective.
Still don't have a ticket home so maybe I will just stay here
Cigarette Daydreams just started playing and I want a cigarette and someone to sing this song to me.
I need to be sleep! Gotta get up at 4:30
Looks like there's still work at Colton thought we would be done by today working over there guess not
If you got a side chick, nigga whaddahp ?!
Just saw the new poster of waaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!! I want the showing in the PH to be the same here in the USA please! esp. Cali!
but when I'm bored i go thru cookbooks
like why can't guys just be your bestfriends, without being complete douchebags.
If we date we will eat and bang a lot
Mark wahlberg is going to lead to multiple semi-chubs
Everything on twitter is just cracking me up
I'm about to do sappy cast tweets, leave me alone
is the Nanny McPhee of dating apps. It's there for you to use until you don't need it anymore.
Honestly not giving any fucks this summer I'm just tryna have fun
Somewhere between I want it and I got it..
Lebrons body language is all fucked up. Dont he know that shit has an effect on the teammates
I love that my new bedroom allows me to watch approaching storms out the window
Literally cannot wait to be 21 so I can go to the new country bar on Lansdowne
No, I don't wanna fall in love, no I don't wanna fall in love... This world will break your heart nobody's falling in love
yo I'm almost at 10k tweets, that's nutty
getting the spirit stick taken away is like getting my dick cut off
I just want to crawl into my bed and sleep.
beach pants are the best things ever invented
How you fit all that ass up in them jeans
Put in Wondo.
I love how people claim today is their favorite holiday... bitch please I don't see anybody handing out free stuff.
ill leave the dick sucking to you white bitches , not edible not entering my mouth FOH .
Dwayne Wade is no longer an star
Dude. Why don't they grow weed out there?
Or just mob with all the homies on a road trip for a week that would be tight
I miss my boyfriend so much :c
Just something about messi makes me unable to stand him
\"I am at the lowest possible level of my profession, but I will disparage you for having an opinion different than mine\" -- NBA Blogger
If I forgive u I must really love you.
I want to be able to call someone to come over &amp; cuddle.
My mom is yelling at me for sitting in a robe and she's sweating
Don't like using eye drops
I hope this summer goes by fast
Xander hasn't hit well since he moved to 3rd
Dear lord Jesus y am j awake
This lady is driving slower than my mother picking an Instagram filter.
Real housewives of NYC is so disappointing this year. Step up your game
I herd y'all only like black guys on twitter .
Manu !!!!!!!Nigga ... Wassup
Fuck stock I only invest in OG kush
Can't believe I saw A$VP ROCKY tonight that's so crazy
Imma take my time
When u post a tweet and tag someone right next to u for absolutely no reason
Who has a Panama Jack Shirt I can borrow? We're retrieving a time capsule &amp; I want to reenact the 80's. PJ Shirt, no pants, ice cold Sunny D
YOU KNOW WHO TRULY DOESN'T GIVE A FUCK?? COOL WHIP.
Bubbles that new wave
Aint that some bs
Rape this fucking kid in a 1v1 please
The SL Marina is really my spot now .. I go up there at least 3-4times a week
How about signing so fucking players?
I wish I could wake up tomorrow with all of this being just a dream
What is my real voice? Haha
The mirror can lie. Doesn't show you what's inside.
Cool my phone decided that it wants to only charge while it's dead
Any one have a PICKUP TRUCK i could borrow!???
I want coffee but I dont wanna put clothes on
Stp on the radio today. Dad goes 'oh is this the dead guy'.told him Scott weiland may have been a mess but alive.he was thinking Kurt cobain
\": Stop being scared to be somebody.\"
Women's World Na Li and her coach Carlos Rodriguez have split.
If u don't have your read receipts on. I hate u
I have hope in doug mcdermott lol. Dude's smart. May not be as physically gifted but he can make mature, good, smart plays.
I'm the best at putting 2 &amp; 2 together. but yet again that's none of my business.
Oh so wat I saw on Espn was true ... Atsu's interview n all... Ah well let's jst come home eh ...
Going to dinner by myself lol
someone rub my tummy, I have a tummy ache.
Smoking weed in a pink wig
Can't stop coughing
It'll be nice once our kitchen is finished..
im in the mood for a good laugh. where's when i need to hear her imitating ang from Starbucks
Someday the world will look up from their sport drinks and shout \"Share your !\" And I'll whisper \"no\"
Omg I get to sleep in till 8:00 tomorrow. Not sure what to do with all this sleep time
Whos going to the fireworks tonight?
Damn, I could've swore she said \"I hate baseball\" but she's been showing up to ATandT a whole lot this summer.
Ima start a riot\nIma start a riot
Lol a little upset rn so my mouth don't got no filttaaa .
That was the filthiest shot I ever did see
Tim Duncan makes millions and still shops at Kohls
more valuable: exposed brick or exposed tit?
Praying that this sub making his debut gets some confidence for the rest of the tournament
the header is actually a pic i took myself lmao
I want some ice cream
This family stresses me out so much
or ? Canvas is more versatile IMHO
You find out so much about a person through social media without them even realizing it.
So happy I have Tuesday, Wednesday &amp; Saturday off this week.
Warped this Friday. Let's get rowdy.
I'll get there
Lil Wayne is a rock rapper , and he fine a'f idc idc idc
Why don't the just change their logo to a picture of me after a day in the sun
Is over win Bailey CG Hudson pitch good but three his will no win nothing June slump continues July my be a better moth Laters
Hooked up the antenna to the TiVo instead of directly to the TV and it all works now. Success!
I am torn between vs !
Worse case of **** ***** ever omg ima gonna die rn. Real talk.
\": America lost?\" ...where have you been?
New season of game of thrones
Mar have u talked to mal ? Tell me about Europe please is it all that &amp; more glad u were able to get the phone plan. See u airport ily
Grandma is getting so hype watching Price is Right
That was a super good look to the LGA TSA.
Nancels pays 170 dollars for my dogs haircut.. LOL
Hollllllly shit everything is annoying the fuck out of me tonight
Ive gone and done it. I gave in.. Couldn't resist a red bull. Smh
YES! Vacation time. Be kicking around the Bay Area, wine country, &amp; Monterey. I'll be back in the office on July 7th. Cheers!
Y'all some galaxy s2 ass niggas
Facebook is just filled with the same drunks, talking about the same shit as last weekend!!
\": you're perfect either way\"
just wasted a good 20 minutes trying to explain teen wolf to for him to call it dumb &amp; hang up on me...
Little kid with a lisp talking about zombies. Cutest thing I've ever heard.
\" just scratched my balls \"
\"WE LIVE IN BREEZY POINT, THE LAND OF THE DRINKERS AND THE HOME OF THE FREE\"
I live in America but yea ???
actually broke a sweat from all these italian desserts
dear free people, please top being so expensive
Can I hit it in the mornann'
It's disappointing how bad is. You think with ignite the punches would be more realistic. did a better job on 360.
Omg poor Dempsey
Who's hitting chest with me today
If I miss 24 for you, you better cook for me next time I see you lol
Not talking to you kills me
I don't care if we're on the run, as long as I'm next to you baby
But let's not kid ourselves. I'll always just want Tony's.
Finally minutes away till I'm off work and I go home shower and head to rialto to pick my baby up sucks she lives far but it's worth it.
iPhones for sale
I'm trying to leave to Nicaragua with him in August
I like to eat dinner outside when the sun is setting
No photos of Jeff and I doing it big
Never a day where she's not mad at me
Nah I'm your best friend !
Dempsey is the only reason I like the US
Saw this girl with really short hair who looked wayyy better than most with long hair
Stopped look at myself in mirrors as I grow , mature or even age I start to hate myself more and more...
Germany v. France and the 4th of July Twilight Zone marathon. I'm content with watching tv all day
these hoes dont love me they tryna fool me you cannot trick meeee
Tonight will be the first full night of sleep I would get since last Wednesday. Lol
This is too intense 2 for 2!!
One thing I learned is public accountability is one of the biggest ways to help achieve a goal. Twitter, you will be my tester
lol i have nobody I'm lonely
pharrel is showing off the uggs tonight
All the way from Vegas to SF and then home sweet home with
Oh the idea is fun
Fingers crossed and knocking on wood that that goal is a sign of what's to come for the US
Yup S\/O them 2 niggas on the team
What a fucking goal... Go on Jonesy!
I heard this guy with the username gilleynation on snapchat is like so cool that everyone should add him.
Someone get on live and play zombies with me :(
We tend to fall in love with the unattainable...
One day done, one day closer to you.
Finally leaving the mall. Im tired asf.
i'm getting really good at this first reply to tweets thing
oh, shit, zola left bones? what is there left in this world to believe in
Dakota is taking me on a date tomorrow this is a new step in our relationship
Junior prom next year just ruined my life.
IT WAS AMAZING AND SO STRESSFUL
\": I wouldn't mind you texting me right now...\" #?
I hate the person you've become. You're snotty and annoying... And I hate your friends.
In parsed religious priorities for US citizens. Blood transfusions objectors specifically DENIED .
At the end i rather be by my fucking self
I sometimes hate working in the city because of the travel
Literally, though, that was a perfect shot.
Anyone wanna buy a six flags ticket for 50 hmuuuu
Eres responsable ante el universo de ser para lo q naciste.
SHAWN GOT NUMBER ONE MY LIF IS WORTH LIVING NOW
I am by FAR one of the nicest people out there. But when fucking with the people I fuck with I turn into something else.
\"You can't say no to a kitten when you're drunk\"
'I see 3 of the out there'\n'Hit the one in the middle'\n
I'm calling him Pete the Port Authority Pigeon.
THATS HOW YOU START A FUCKING GAME
During track season I had my fair share of hide and seek\/tag games in stores
OMG are those vevuzelas I'm hearing already? This is going to be an INSANELY crazy day in the 'hood.
\"what am i playing?\" \"i dunno maggs what are you playing\" \"i just sat down and started playing\" - talks with maggie while she sleeps
Damn doesnt look good for Altidore... somebody call Landon Donovan!!!
Shout out to his 5 kids haha
I gotta fully indulge myself in my craft ...
alavv ese ta desmayao!!
Nash hasn't noticed me since jabuary I'm sad
Shin to the face
Last night in San Francisco coming to an end. Thanks and for giving us an amazing week here!
SAT scores released very very soon and i dont really give a shit bc
side note: I wonder if people know that having a crush on someone and liking someone are two different ball parks
I see and from across the room!
Llevo noche y noche despierto lo que ago es pensar
Dan Saunders deserves a Bravo! as well, for coaxing such full sounds from the piano to accompany our soloists at !
Teenager on a bench tells me about his break dancing club and his plans to open a milkshake business
If i feel alone i might as well fucking be alone.
I've felt tired and groggy all day it feels like I've been drugged what is happening to me
Stay true never switch sides
if you tweet bae and they don't retweet you, you ain't bae.
Where free men r allowed by gov 2 live in , there is .
Dammit America! Finish!
The winning day is secure and now it's time to sweep the leg and go for the kill gambling gods am I worthy of 4-0
Ghana jersey kits are really nice tho
someone scoop me n the cuz to beach tomorrow
My anger about bugs can't be accurately shared in 140 characters
I recognize how important this weekend is &amp; how even this shitty mainstreaming is a kind of triumph. But the revolution has moved elsewhere.
So think he the man because he chilling with ?
\"You shouldn't have to change for anybody, if they don't accept you for who you are, find someone who will.\"\nI found mine
I still wanna get drunk fuck the weather
So mad I can't breathe
For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show Himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to Him.
Really really really hope my windows aren't open
Mejor me voy a vagar ;)
If you're a boring texter, I kinda hate you
Carissah thinks its ok to just not text me back... with out warning
If you ever feel bad about yourself just remember i fell off a lifeguard stand and his bruise on my leg bc I didn't want to kiss a guy
yeah fuck soccer fuckin pussies
When you hit your lowest, just know it only gets better.
Lost someone most important to me
I just wanna Yike I don't wanna hurt the booty but I'll beat the f**k out of the p****y
i have no feelings to be in rn, soo idk how tf im feeling. lmao
Drake probably ain't go cause he ain't wanna get roasted by Chris Rock lol
instant regret just smashed a lamp with a pillow instead of getting up to turn off goddamnit
How many people would you impress if the world was blind?
last three speeds to Teixeira if velocity is your thing, 87, 93 and 77..
Today is the day! Let's go USA!
Getting emojis by your name on my contacts is something you have to earn
zach u just admitted u were the whitest boy like 2 days ago
Can't ask for a better start than that.
I was gonna tweet how I wish I had my license but I think I've already tweeted that about 1000 times.
creating help screens are best part of
Slowsettas as misandrist praxis... writes a term paper.
I honestly hate donato.
I was just telling Evan that I never want to go to bed I just really don't think I need sleep. Our being awake is too fun
Lets win to be in 1st place in our group
There's a bird flying around the Jet Blue gate 15
The kind of place with no lines in the middle of the road
House hunting is fun but more difficult than I thought
Teddy Roosevelt just got a standing O
The south is always looked at as prejudice and backwards but such prejudice &amp; backwardness transcends across geographical borders.
I want someone new to talk to
DVD player is hooked up, but the remote is missing along with half of my belongings. This is why I hate moving home.
I skipped a Sunday Jam at the OD for this season finale - , don't let me down
The fact that I have lax all week is a great feeling
Maybe ya girl isn't as dumb as you thought she was
Feels so good to lay down but I'm not gonna be able to sleep
I'm not gonna lie.. My heart was beating pretty fast lol
Grab ya thunda buddy and sing these magic words
Will unblock the fuck boys you RT to my TL too quick
GOAAAAL MURICAAA YEEET
I just fell asleep in Shawn's car
Stop trying to please others.
Thank you Howard
Best 20 minute presentation of goes to for \"Mobile is the Future of You\"
Like sorry I didn't clean the garage calm down
Clint Dempsy is the man.
Goning to be in L.A. this weekend, will I be lucky enough to see ?
Argentina is kicking asssss
there is a special place in hell for the person who is trying to bang or fix something this early
I'm never going to fight, someone should have told you that by now. I'm a peaceful misanthrope.
Saison 4 episode 7 sa mere i mreste 14episode
Girl if you're gonna put on foundation make sure it's the right shade
The A's now have the best record in baseball
Ghanas uniforms are sick though
i'm still up and i have work today BYE
My wrist is swollen as fuck, and it hurts
This is one of those \"eff this bra\" kinda hot days.
Menos para las vacaciones de invierno +++
USA vs Ghana I'm probably one of the few that thinks USA can get out of this death group
Lol I'm afraid of black woman too
We were juat on the jumbotron at Yankee Stadium! Hah
lol @ ronaldo
Yes, finished my two post labs and almost done with my chem homework
My boy timmy
Well if anyone wants some cannolis on their Fourth of July I'll be at the bakery all day
since he just said that. im gonna do something stupid..
Everyone in my house started screaming!!!!
costa rica with a walkoff.
In the bullpen, a pitcher with a longer name
Alto fore Just Pulled His Hammy I Think
Am I the only one who thinks looks like David ?
They think I'm too young to love you.
MOM TELL ME TO DO ONE MORE THING I DARE YOU
Yo Joselin just had me cryin
Do you ever fart and blame it on the dog?
\": Most underrated player in the NBA?\" Lance Stephenson\/ Kawhi Leonard
All this time wasn't just waste of time, it was a lesson learn
I think it must suck to know you fucked over a great person and can't get them back. Lol
Let it go.
Omfg -______- I fucking hate my internet !!
I love you Clint Dempsey
Holy fck Dempsey
Watching with the home girl on the intro...
You just give the Kenkey and Banku a few minutes to digest and you will see!
Malia is JEALOUS!! HA! HA! WHY GIRL IT WON'T LAST LONG.
Wow my power finally came back on
i know i have a chance of 1 out of 2 million but please
we couldnt find any hotels bc of vidcon
Snoring all loud I'm about to throw this bitch a damn fckn pillow in his face!!
Yes, I still watch . So sue me.
If they ever mad killing legal for 12 hours , I would know who to kill first .
It's 4:34, why are people already tweeting about soccer ?
Uhhhhh girl you shining like a fifth avenue diamondddd !
I'm Not Forcing Nobody To Fuck With Me-..
Cussing kids out on the mic is so fun
A1b: For some of us, work is life. So we need to make sure to be steady and not to overextend ourselves.
have you ever been drunk and did back flips on a trampoline... it's fun
Finished Jolene's novel! More than anything, I want to eat a proper plate of chicken rice now. None of this pseudo Singaporean bullshit.
Im just gonna move on with my life.
It shouldn't be like that.... it makes me feel like shit..
Hey should have never called me Kirby
You can tell how students live just by looking at their lunch.
THATS SO EMBARASSING
Bella said I laughed in my sleep ...there's something wrong with me
I just got a warning from Verizon that I've used 75% of my data that resets on the 2nd. One day, 25%? That's a lot of boobs.
I've officially lost my ability to sleep in until noon
Lol deleted that selfie Bc not feeling it
I've always hated how this damn Ghana team played
Dempseys gonna pop a nigga hard sl but I would too after that
My mom is a constant reminder why I need to do well in school. So I can get a real job and leave this fucking house.
I want that too... Jus being honest
Simple minded people don't phase me.
Beasley got dicked on hahaha
YAAASSSS JONES I LOVE YOU
Which should I choose? LG G or Samsung Live?
So Bocce is just like curling but for countries that don't live in perpetual ice?
\"her nose just looks like somebody threw meatwad on her face.\" lolollol
If I had the chance to pack up my life and start over somewhere else you wouldn't have to ask me twice
Been about you and I'm still about you
She done tucked up this time!!\n
I see how it is
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAAJJA, NELSIMAR SI CANTA FEO!!
I need to get out of this house. SOS.
Don't play that \"I don't remember anything last night\" card cause you sure remembered everything in the morning hoe
RONALDO IS FUCKING HOOT.
Oh Kermit, what have you gotten yourself into?
last thought on the matter: i joined twitter to keep up with my friends who are more active on here but some of you don't even try to talk
THE MOVIE EVENT OF THE CENTURY
Love the days when you say 'God Damn never thought anyone could look this good'
The game is the only slo6 I know that says what's cracc'n and wears blue.. Fake ass dieru
Would you drink with a nigga? Do you smoke weed?
Pandoras Box by Zane is soo good
OH MY GOD RIGHT IN THE FACE
I'm just so excited for my hair and makeup !
what a shitty way to end a night
I'd rather live my life in the eyes of people than to be fake online famous. It's called character, and it takes a personality to have one.
snooty upper west side woman told me i look like a slut because \"midriffs are for the beach only young lady\"
Is it sad I learned what Thot was from eddies mom lmfao
a lot of sophomores don't know how to spell sophomore
I need a Barkley Hotel night.
NIGGA MADE A GOAL IN 35 SECONDS MERICAAAAAA
Just hash-tagged so much that I want to vomit on myself... woops
48 on my last exam, why am I so smart?
Anyone wanna come over for some 3 year aged Gouda
You don't have to respect me, you can love me or hate me\nBut I ain't gonna change and you ain't gonna make me
Fuck ever happened to Freddie Adu??
Do i really look like a man with a plan?
Don't you kind of hate saying goodnight cause you rather keep talking lol wellllll
The amount of times I've been late to my morning class.... Ugh.
\": so whats happening later. Its Friday\"
The roman reigns era has officially begun.
Standing room only on Metro north
There no crime in being an asshole, that's why there so many of them.\n\nApparently there's no shame in it either.
Turning my alarm off forever. This is so weird.
High kick much?
Out of work and I'm so happy
So what's good for this game tomorrow
that california coast line
And always from me to our Men and Women troops. SALUTE and THANK U!!
2do error para los los arriba en el marcador 5-0 en la 8va alta
I am your biggest fan.
Told myself I wasn't gonna be up late tonight but now it's 1:20 ugh
1 out of 4 blog posts in history of ever cite the stanford marshmallowkids experiment.
Clint Dempsey what a fuckin animal
On that acting like a bitch side, but the way
Saying I couldn't trust a soul would be one of the biggest lies I could ever tell. My best friends are my best friends for a reason.
You're chill jay gunn when we out to wp again
jacob should look at my header
Laughing all the way to the bank like the fuckin money tickles !
I wanna go to bed
And I choose, I choose you
Your always in my dreams somewhere
Lebron chucking 3s
4:50 AM FINISHED WOOO. SO FUCKING STRESS FREE RIGHT NOW.
terrified of opening my electric bill
I guess I'll just keep my mouth from now on...
\": i think im the only one who still calls him \"Lil Will\" everyone else calls him Will lol\" your not lol
Will there ever be a day when 13 going on 30 doesn't make me emotional? (I don't think so)
Anyone who humbles themselves will be praised...
Lord I can't do this by myself I'm so empty a piece of me is missing without you Nelson
Scoring within the first 30 seconds? Maybe we have a chance gooo
Back in the Bay and Back to Pushin
I really gotta do shit Monday tho...I gotta donate blood, visit this college, then have football practice...tbh I might miss Monday practice
Mr. Hudson is dearly missed in the music game :-(
Bring out the Gatorade for Pop !!
I read a post about the best summertime sandwich, and now I will only sing that to the Lana del Ray dance mix of Summertime Sadness.
The parklet in North Beach is dope.
School reunions are overrated. Especially if it is just after school is out. A month later!
I make some badass french fries &amp; grilled chicken.
Waiting for at dunkin. Not getting out of my car till it slows down
So I find my tripod. And now I'm looking for my Microphone. Now clue where that could be. Smh
I hate spam account I don't want to listen to your weak ass music
I'll never forgive anyone for growing up in a generation with smartphones
I dont have a type but ion fuck with just any girl ...
Retweets but no DMs..how does that even work
Seguro Que Uno Se Cansaba !1
Bet a lot of you soccer fans didn't know Tim Howard has Tourettes
So pumped for this game, these lineups are stacked
This weird marionette lady with all the wires in the Directv commercial gets on my nerves.
Ikr like I need this in life , please call both of us
\"I just get emo when I have time\"
I keep forgetting my neighbors can see directly into my bedroom window... Fuck it! I'm still not putting clothes on ;)
Although I'm not in the city to celebrate. I wanted to shout out Happy Pride to everyone out there. Let's all be safe and have a blast *
Shit I be stressing and shit idk how y'all do it .
Dustin: stay the night with ussssss!!!!! \nMe: nooo I need to wash my face and brush my teeth! \n
My head is the shape of an egg but he still loves me
24 hours from now the ground in will be shaking with the return of
Celebrating the 4th by hitting the gym hard in my shirt!!
\"They're holding hands. I want them dead.\"
lost all of my so called\"friends\"because i didnt go party and smoke with them but gave me friends who i can trust and wont do that
And suddenly I have the urge to watch The Amazing Race. Thanks .
I forgot how good graham crackers are.
Dempsey nose best
I have a funny feeling Draxler may have something to say by the end of today even though he hasn't made an appearance yet.
Wrong outfit Gabby Wilson just wrong! Them shiny azz jeans!
It's only 8 am and I want chipotle
This burn in my foot might be infected
MESSI the boy
Yeah I would rather sell my soul to the devil than go within 3 feet of Robitussin
I was walking down the street when out the corner of my eye I saw a pretty little thing approaching me...
We still talk like everyday but we don't talk in the same way that we used to
Life is a series of accidents
The token sober kid stressed so the role was switched. Now Four locos down the hole and a loaded spliff.
Lebron on the bench, RIP Heat Congrats Spurs
Neo is hiding in the wires if my computer downstairs because the thunder
Slight hangover I just gotta eat
You guys kill memes so fast :-\/
Do I seriously have to paint that shit we don't even use it.
OMG OMG OMG
Take it out on me put your lips on mine
Asked my dad why is he the black one in our family &amp; he says \"the outside is black, but the inside is white &amp; clear\"
I juat need to sleep for 24 hours
I almost just called an exterminator because there was a large fly in the house. This is why I need a man in my life.
I don't have any jokes about Snowpiercer, you should probably just see it.
Can hobby lobby fire all gay employees on religious grounds ? \nCan they fire an employee that gets divorced ? ...door is now open
OHH I just remembered I bought work shoes tho! They aren't that ugly either! The look like vans:)
You can never go wrong with tacos
I miss more than anything in the world
Someone hang with me cause Dave bailed on me today and I'm done with that shit.
Time for my least favorite and worst way to decide the outcome of a competitive sports competition: penalty kicks.
JUST HAD A DREAM THAT I WAS IN TIMES SQUARE GETTING 20 LASHES FOR SNEEZING IN THE SUBWAY~ IF THERE'S ANY PSYCHOLOGISTS OUT THERE ~ HELP!!!
Natty pops didn't go as expected
30 fucking seconds amazing!
nunca falta el rengo en la tribuna que cuando hacen un gol levanta las muletas !!
\"Ya those tall guys over there have big wee wees\"\n\"Me too\"
But niggas wanna leave when u say u outta mustard
How tf do u hold 3 plates in 1 arm.
I am ready to celebrate the 4th of July by watching top-level soccer!
Just Switched Up Outfits, Looking Extraaa FLY! On My Way To Brooklyn
TP is the best pg in the league
I put the books away and still can't sleep...
\"Im not sure what Ill do but I want to go places and see people, I want my mind to grow, want to live where things happen on a big scale\"
I don't get paid til next Friday... That's hella long from now.
Don't text me if your gonna be boring!
If Virginia wins Jake has to lick my big toe
I tweeted the same damn thing a while ago and he didn't notice me :((((
We Ghana win
Parkway will never be my move, if I was see someone in concert I'll buy a damn ticket.
Soy afortunado al tener a alguien como tu a mi ladooo
Tell me , where did we go wrong ?
In 33 minutes I have a low tide. I'll be 30 inches under average. Come look for stuff in my mud.
Lol what if heat come back
When you start looking at your unchanging IG feed over n over again, its time for a change.
Remember, I'm throwing a party in roughly 2 weeks.
HES THE GUY
Long Island it's been fun, but it's time for me to return to the Land of Massholes
Patty freakin mills
I wanna go back to Oakland :c lol
aaannnddd my power just went out
what a shot!!!!
stick with me you know ill cop you the diamonds and the benzes !
Channing Tatum has fucked over 1000 girls
every beverage wit codeine in it
My first is getting all grown up! now has her own customers, her own staff, and now her own twitter feed!
As soon as I finish seeing my grandmother and my nana I'm getting drunk NB
wish I had a cute ass relationship but you know
WHY DOES EVERYONE ALWAYS TAKE THE TOILET PAPER OUT OF MY BATHROOM UGH
Crack my knuckles and give me your hoodies
.Happy Birthday don't know how you sleep knowing you mislead the people of NY CD1 We know why you r promoting ...
Kaylee and Ali are heading to Wingate NC: stay tuned!!!
The Killers - When You Were Young
Comment jfais grave attention aux personne qui m'ajoute sur FB pcq la
Bitcoin. Where you can say \"referring to the $117 million that were found in an old wallet\" with a straight face.
Every player stopped and watched it hit the back of the net
Best part of getting older, birthday shopping gets real easy
She point at the mirror n say look at your face...im like damnn I look high lmao
Great article on Tiger by in . Fair and balanced discussion regardless of which fan side of the stripes you're on!
I'd rather live a life of \"Oh Wells\" than a life of \"What ifs.\"
Why do you use vocabulary that a child would use
working overnight really messes up my sleep schedule
That was totally worth it. Not even mad about the loss. Great homestand.
SHE PULLED A CONDOM OUT OF HER ASS AND GIGGLED
Success is nothing if you have no one left there to share it with
Jermaine Jones you my fucking nigga
Im sitting with my dad out &amp; some dude really just came to talk to me and had the nerve to sit down guys really have no respect now in days
this episode has got me all over rn
Don't tell me you want no ice after I hand you your drink...
But that's none of my business tho ..
Anyone selling an UMG Dallas Team pass?! DM me! I'll pay more than original!
That Labradoodle is gorgeous and cute. Hope Joss keeps it.
I hate those see it to believe it niggas y'all gonna end up gettin left
Gagner for Purcell. I like it for Tampa.
Like damn nigga go drive someone else crazy i aint scared of your ghostly games
Its my day off wassup highbridge?
And that shows how close we are now
I barely cried I'm so proud of myself !!!!!
SALUTE TO BRUH THAT SAID EMINEM THO.
New York, it's been a heck of a trip. On to New Jersey and --and I caught the NJT express train!
The True Blood theme song is my fave
could not speak as loud as my heart
This time of the night only one thing on a nigga mind
Walking into a revolving door as somebody goes in the other side is a short lived team bonding experience. I'm a huge fan.
So basically my whole body is burned. Uhm what
Not a lot of friends in NYC? .. Let's be friends! Drinks? Lolll
If you're upset with me please just tell me because I wont know... I dont read minds.
TOP FIVE BEST DANCING SINGERS!\n\nMichael Jackson
I Only Got One For Now , Lol .
This is why I suck I never know how to ask people to hang out lmao..awkward
Gonna reminisce and watch once upon a time again cos obsessed
I know I know I know
Man I hope Altidore is ok..hate to see that
I hate excuses just be straight up or don't even bother with me
also turns out they didn't use dry erase. so that's there forever and I kind of love it
I don't deserve to deal with all this negativity.
I'm still not understanding why I had to get up at 6:00?!
Pero like it's whatever, ju feel me
COSTA RICA! THE SLIPPER STILL FITS!
Looking forward to this game I hope it's a open game
All in on Costa Rica still have Rigas issues
There's a bird flying around the store, so that's my day
Wow you gotta be kidding me
Are your decisions based on the fear of losing or the excitement of success?
Greg popovick coaching since 96, (1996) for those who are not aware.
GOD BLESS THE USA BABY
Gotta get me some of that..
Single moms get a shoutout on fathers day but single dad's don't get a shoutout on Mother's Day.
If it's not one thing it's the other
Can't wait for the games today! and shall be victorious!
Till i find you every minute broke my Herat in twooo what am i gana stop till i find you *music plays*
So lost and confused it's eating me alive
Found a connect.
Right now if I were to lay outside for 20 minutes, I would look like a burnt piece of bacon
I will never have friends here &amp; I will always be alone for as long as I live because that's just the way I see myself &amp; the way I've always
Just hoping all groups were as dope as the one I was assigned
Omg don't stress me out like that!!!
Citrus college sucks. I'm not ready to go back tomorrow
I need to vent bro in so irked right now like in hurt
I can barley talk today &amp; yet I'll be teaching folks how to use Pages For Mac this morning
I really don't feel like going work
I'm really bored but I don't wanna go to bed
why the fuck do I fucking do this
damn these walls in the moment we're ten feet tall
Yeah lets go USA!!! 1-0
wtf I was watching Netflix so comfortably POS frontier
Damn if someone calls u bae it does sound kinda childish
Just about everything for organic chemistry is on the reference table
I vote for him being fired \": If yall refuse to get rid of RVD can yall AT LEAST give him some music? \"
Bravo ! Inspire the next. michelleAC1
oh c etait steve and Jocelyne or I'm bugging
I'm bouta get unfollowed by so many people
I don't mind putting you in time out via text since you bein childish
There's going to be glitter in my hair for days
I fucking love you
emotionally scared from the fault in our stars
it's so rare to have all of my friends together at once anymore
My dad told me to go outside but Criminal Minds is on.
I have no plans at all for today wtf
Why does the gym have to be closed today
I wish I was Drake. He swole af, Canadian and Black, and he got thoughtful music.
sleepless has been one of my favorite geazy songs since the minute it dropped
France and Germany... 2 European POWERHOUSES
Suck a dick portugal
About to go get my food
let's go spurs
If bassnectar is on a lineup... How do u see anyone else?
I'm really liking Atsu.
I want to only cause my dad told me to but..nvm
It's Costa Rica! This world cup ain't loyal!
Wow, A's fans are all over social media saying Timmy's no no vs Padres isn't legit guess A's win against Astros isn't legit either
Why does life have to be so sad sometimes...
Waitress just switched my beer with another guy. I realized it but wanted to see if other guy would. He didn't. Fine by me.
BANDWAGONING SOCCER IS FUN.
Are the Ghanaian players wearing jerseys or body suits? Why so tight.
Nothing like ending a great day with a headache and some back pains
I don't get it who gets it?
Interesting what you find when you're not looking...
All I've been doing is playing games all night and sleep all day. I literally have no contact with anyone.
Just finished my burger and realized we still have another 2 hours to go
im so tired so imma go to bedd
So the lost a 9.5 game lead in 19 games.... smh
It's been a good season forward to the draft\/offseaaon\/next season
Camiguin at Pinoy Destinations. Ugh. Truly a paradise. Looking forward to my next visit there.
Start my new job and a new beginning for me tomorrow I cant wait to see where this road brings and ends up! Gonna do great things join me!
I never say sorry and if I do I don't mean it
Too funny: : is like teenage sex; \nEveryone wants to do it but no one knows how to!\n\n
My husband just asked me.... How do I expect to lose my weight when I eat this late.... As I eat apple slices and sharpe cheese
You can actually see how fat I've gotten thru my last pic...ugh lol.
And the last game of the day: Argentina 2 vs Bosnia 1.
Told Kevin if he read 50 shades we could build a red room when we moved and he said \"I don't wanna read\"
I don't think I'm mentally prepared to wear clothes again
summer diet: smoothie and baked BBQ lays
Pop that thing she gonna pop that thing too
Just saw the saddest thing today, a black child not older then 13... Throwing a nickel on the ground and leaving it...smh so wasteful
Not NO MORE.
I just can't wait for teen wolf to start again
Going to take a nap! So tired and not feeling good :(
Joseline Hernandez only throws shade when she gets jealous..why're you with Stevie and still gotta constantly fight for your title
Haven't slept all night wtf feel like shit
You know you have asshole parents when they twist scenarios to put you in a lose lose situation. So smooth with it too.
I'm so fucked for this regent tomorrow man
There is no bond like that of a poetry fam. Unarguable.
when I drink and do drugs I text about it 10,000 times that way everyone knows about it
I think the Beast ( Beauty and the Beast) got it right when he gave her a library
With a performance like this, I do not want to see in the last 16.
He kissed her like her lips were air and he couldn't breathe
Not emotionally ready for tomorrow.\n my slide better be awesome.
Every year I step foot at the St.Mary's fair I regret it immediately after.So embarrassed.Can't be seen.Must eat.Everything.
Can't sleep ... This is what I get for going straight to bed when I got home.
k my tweet doesnt even make sense
En route to New England!
Greg Pop 2nd best coach ever next to the Zen master Phil.
Watching The Avatar... Ang won't fail me.
I love you tomorrow, you're only a day away.
\"Oh my gosh his name is Jesus!\" Said the kid nex to me at the game
Lots of Leo wearers bc id be
Wahhabi caliphate wants to extend jihadi rule from Indonesia 2 Arab. India is on Jihadis radar. Nehru kept 7% of Muslims, Sonia made to 17%.
Prom is the saddest thing ive ever experienced
Everyone's a critic with no dam credentials. Shut the fuck up!
le mot pute il est dans 2 language: - language familler\net language courant (des rues)
How can someone so disgusting and ratchet from the inside out get so many likes on a picture
Don't know what to get my momma for her birthday
Guys complain more than girls sometimes especially on social media
This high tech shit lol all I wanna do is charge my phone
He's so fine... Even with them ugh boots on
Going downtown... If u see me pretend u don't...
Questionable yellow card if you ask me
This night is the one I feel numb in
Tonight is my last project grad I am so H A P P Y
Wait but seriously... I'm trying to have a beer BQ tomorrow and I can't bc in have no friends
Fennel seeds to eliminate bloating a pinch on you food chew a teaspoon after the meal to freshen breath
Well this game is pretty much over after that
Sometimes I realize I'm just a terrible person but fuck it god made me this way......I trust in him lol
I've broken My neck at least 20x while on Dyckman today...
I hate sitting in cars for extended periods of time because the seats aren't very comfy and they make my butt go numb
Pretty sure I'm that physco girlfriend who doesn't like anyone talking to my girlfriend but oh well
\": Sex is between the ears\"
It was defiantly turn up Saturday haha
LETS GOO EE.UU
Penalty Kicks = Football drama. :))
These Mosquitos are more fierce then NT and NF put together right now. Fuck.
Watching titanic oh how i enjoy this movie...
\": I'll never let go of my love for him\" Oh yes you will. ;)
First 36 seconds and a goal
I got way too much on mind and this shouldn't be happening this summer
At this point I truly believe the US government is against the people
I can't wait for you to look like a fucking fool after she drops you like every other boy she tricked
If only sweetheart
thots tryna fuck a niggas old main dude
Or not necessarily it, but the content its derived from. A long few months ahead.
I always get so overly excited when priscilla tweets
This life is not for everyone
Sneezing while driving is absolutely the most terrifying thing
cooking in this kitchen is like a sauna ugh
I'm the lady in the Life Alert commercial
I love taylor swifts old music
Costa Rica gets i! Bravo to you. Hard won!
Funny - summer can be busier and even more stressful for some. Planning and prepping for an entire school takes lots of coffee
Not letting rain ruin my favorite holiday.
I sometimes have a feeling I should do crystal meth, and then i think hmmmmm Betta nawt..
JUST TELL ME NO OR YOU DONT WANNA HANG ITS THAT SIMPLE
Everyone saying they faithful but how many of y'all really faithful.
It's 11am on July 4th. Why am I still sober?
We do so many things just because society tells us to, even the little things like standing next to someone at the urinals
So did report cards come or
Thanks for being a roll model to all of us! so proud of you guys. I plan on being just like you! Inspirational!
Good bye NYC! Next stop, Australia!
That's hurts us a lot
Watching soccer in LES so many bros in american flag tank tops I can't, help me jesus.
Drake is a must on that study playlist*
When reality sets in, it be blowing mine.
Howard the goat
I think people fail to realize how much dray,iggy,boguts value will show once we have two proven stars.
Damn who's gonna win MVP...
Went to Starbucks before and now I'm at Dunkin
I didn't even know these people that came over
And on some real shit.. I need to finish tattin up my arm .
Este es el siglo 21 Nuevo orden mundial!
haunted, love story, &amp; enchanted by Taylor Swift will always be my favs by her
You know its raining outside when you go outside and its raining outside
You know what. I'm actually offended that people assume I want to hear about their babies.
The two ladies next to us in this restaurant have been talking about carbs\/fiber\/paleo\/juicing for the last thirty FOREVERS.
Gana pierde JAJAJA ..
Cooling a pizza is either dead on perfect or burnt to all ends black like a piece of charcoal
About To Work With &amp;
Girls giving head over LV.. Call that head over heels
BRUHHHHHHHHHHHH my nigga he wearing uggs....
I have so much love. I just want someone to share it with.
Today taught me what a big impact eating breakfast can have on the rest of your day.
THAT WAS QUICK!!!!
I haven't worn makeup all weekend
Being a thot will get you nowhere
It's soo hot but I refuse to take off my moschino
If you're a guy &amp; you like; pizza, guitar, cuddling, kissing &amp; Taco Bell. I'm coming for you
Looking at new cars in the near future.
42' Christian Uy of Brooklyn with a great cross into the box but the keeper tips it out of play
A new girl at work today tried to brew coffee without a filter. Just think of how that went...
If Nikko put out that tape with another chick nobody would gaf, he sold u out
Basically a successful first day. Yayyy
set out runnin but ill take my time\na friend of the devil is a friend of mine
is amazing. See it instead of Transformers this weekend.
Wondering free,wish I could be part of that world.
I hate having to plan my day revolving around work
\"When I was 21 I was just a dumb drunk girl\"
I don't even talk to kyree no more lol that shit crazy aha u member that night on ig his BM was getting salty ctfu
Tara swerves off the road and claims it's to \"add a little adventure\"
Ive accepted that my name at work is \"Ever\" -_-
Anybody know anyone who actually knows how to work on trucks and knows what their doin? DM or text me please
Fav this if you don't mind me facetiming you. I'm scared of ghosts :[
Yoda is an unsupportive, negative reinforcement style teacher. He's the lefty version of my dad.
I am saving my first kiss for marriage.
Shout out to for letting me squeeze the shit out of his hand for 2 hours
Man what an episode of
U dont even gotta tell em
\": A teenage Derek where do the writers come up with these cliff hangers\"hate*
Happy Independence to those white daughters that wanna be independent from their dad and date a black boy
The only thing the World Cup has taught me is that I need to date a soccer player.
30 seconds in lets goooo!!!
I deserve that and zillion times, more
Hahahahaha, I really don't like you.
Wait .. Where did this rain and lightning just come from?!
Just as the \"war on drugs\" is a proxy for war on black people, this religious right \"war on abortion\" is really a war on women
3 hours and 30 min left of work!
...&amp; take your squad w\/ you.
Happy Day from everyone here at R&amp;A! \n\n
\": it's okay, he's evil.\" You're the evil one!
Wish I had friends to hangout with on these summer nights
So all the while till I'm gone make my words important.
DEMPSEY YOU ANIMAL! That was a sick touch! 30 seconds in!!
Just had steak for the first time in almost two years. For my dad. For his Father's Day present
do they ever shut up srsly
What's better than listening to music? \nCreating it.
Monica: Phoebe, do you have a plan? Phoebe: I don't even have a 'pla'
Hey cam please call me
Ahh, professor? Where are the crafts and recess? All I see are exams and I don't remember having these the last time I was in summer school
hardly ever will you see me miss the weekend rewind on y103.3fm friday and saturday nights x
She should find out with human interaction. You girls think you're fuckin invincible these days.
I'm done trusting people who say there always gonna be there for me
Why is bad food so good
Female body builders are a little scary looking
needs to play faster
.Even the IRS is rolling its eyes at this excuse.
Watched a really scary movie, I am so freaked out. what better way to feel better then to watch a Disney movie?
Don't say you'll come to something and then back out last minute.
Always thinking of you ,I know everyone does!
Why this bitch gotta talk to him right here
Para cenar hemos comido comida china.
3 days and running on 5 hrs of sleep. Awesome.
Get so drunk seeing cross eyed
My sleep pattern couldn't be more fucked up
I'm not going to trip on a weak ass nigga
wanna go in the pool but its to early for all that
Thats were it count's the most. In (YOUR MIND). RT : If u call urself a legend, u might not be one. Only in your own mind\"
I will eat a baby if it's baby kale
Tiff bannister porn is weak.. I seen better sextape while I was in high school..
Now I remember why I hate this Godforsaken city!
Just lucite me Hollywood living running through the sunset
\"I wanna drink till I pass out right now\"
Long ago the four nations lived to together in harmony but then everything changed when the fire nation attacked.
Fireworks or gunshots... the hood will never know
\"Just go to yahoo video..oh yeah you taught me that\"
Do me a favour and shut the fuck up
i really wanna go to cali this summer
Argentina is so fast like wtf
I want a jersey
If I ain't with the crew I ain't having a good time
i love my dog more than i like most people
Ronaldo choking on some serious D
THE PERFECT START
Vicki go to bed asshole you have a test tomorrow
Lebron fans always talkin bout Kobe but its Tim Duncan, Manu Ginobli and Tony Parker that are about to whoop datass for a second time.
Thank god June is over. Somebody invite me to a Giants game, I'm 3-0 this season c'maaaan
These guys were following me and Angie it was Scaryyyyyyy
this weather really is just completely fucking horrendous
I wish it was socially acceptable to get everyone on the highway to dance together in their cars so traffic was a little more entertaining
Come on Navas block this one Bro
I am laughing soooo hard at my last retweet
WHAT THE FUCK
b Reyes would always be the first to run out after a homer
Have a bbq for the USA game tomorrow, feel free to hit me up if you wanna come
Just went thru the Delta car was with my window down, then didn't have any singles to tip the dryers
How much longer until I see &amp; ??????
I can't get food because then my parents would wake up and yell at me for being up late.
When they reminisce over you, my god
Dustin Beyer looks like CT from the challenge. Anyone agree? Hahaa
So its either one bag of those square salted caramel chocolate things, or 10 bags of peanut butter m&amp;ms?
You just have to have hope when it come to those types of things
I don't even type any more I just speak and Swype.
\"So now you'd better stop and rebuild all your ruins. For peace and trust can win the day despite of all your losing.\"
Okay, let's get serious here am I right ? Rt if you're into it!
Never been this interested in soccer.. Shit is great.
just because you're my moms boyfriend doesn't mean ill like you :-)
I wanna get Flyer season tickets and just drive to Philly all the time
Woke up this morning and smoked a blunt while taking a shit, actual freedom.
Today its the day I feel like god gave me strength. Because I'm going thru a lot
I need a film dude to record my shit
I really hate these twins. Omg a fire bender that can make explosions with her mind.i remember that guy from the original
Nigga pissed me the fuck off.
My new shit hard as fuck bruh .
I fed this kid some salt water, and he died.
What is life anymore, I'm tired of everyone when will things turn positive for once in my life
What an amazing kick by jermaine jones! What a goal! 1-1game on!!
Some of them off guard pics be funny as shit cause you know damn well you planed that shit
Thats a foul shot and i aint even get to score
Tell me how I get peoples tweets who I don't follow and aren't retweeted by the people I actually do follow.
yeah melo comin heat nation battier retiring this season
I think the best friends on snapchat explain so much
this season is gonna give me nightmares holy shit so excited
I pick Kerri up and wonder why she's acting so weird, and then I find out she's high as balls... Good lord somebody find this girl Jesus
What a kick!
Who cares if you figured out women or not. Go to school and figure out some fucking chemistry so you can get a job and benefit society.
i learned tortoiseshell kitties are almost always female! interesting facts!! the last time i had a kitten was before the internet lmfao
The heat suck! I've been telling you
Heto ako basang basa sa ulan. Pucha ang raindrops dol staba na ref. kurug mode
OH WONT U STAY WITH ME CUZ UR ALL I NEEEEED
Haha 30 seconds in
teen wolf all day yay
Today's weather is a high of 73 with a 100% chance of FREEDOM.
While making everyone else happy he forgets about me ... What even am I to you ?
This HP Discover blog post is morphing into a big one!
Heat players already saying good bye
No ones on my level &amp; that's just how I feel.
Big kids a tiny bit of fort Bragg we got home an hour ago. All the kids leave tomorrow we really enjoyed their visit.
\": Stop Lebroning bro\" He D. Rosing lol
If you want to be treated like a princess then you need to act like a princess.
Never let your living situation define who you are as a person.
Why don't I care what people think about me anymore
3 rounds: 190# sled sprints, 20x kb swings @ 16kg, jog the sled sprint distance. Current status: dead.
postei minha foto de pefil a melhor serio
You were put in the world to be your own person and I was put here to be me on person leave me alone bye
I just want you and those nights we spent together back..
I love it when you do what you want cause you just said so
Shocking Nuno hasn't allowed a run yet... What happened to the 6 plus runs.
No tiene bujia pa tirame a mi
MIRACLE ON ICE
I need someone to get drunk with. Right now. Lol.
Saved a sea lion today no jk. Actually saved it's life
Cual sera el juego de JVR con la entrevista al presidente d para q diga q las politicas econ son ineficientes
USA LOLOLOLOOO 34 seconds just liked away for a second then BAM
Love only feels good when the person you love loves you back
This bitch seriously thought that if she omitted all the questions on the SAT she'd get a perfect score
Do you guys miss me back down in florida?
damn y'all got some serious parent issues
Thank god we made it home safely
I'm getting talked out
That game killed me im so relived rn
Holy sh!t USA! 1-0 first 35 seconds
Still ain't over for Bosnia
purty smart huh? ok done subtweeting you
Having a hot guy work at the front desk next 2 the stationary bikes is tortured motivation.. I cant quit I dont want him thinkin Im a bitch
I'm about to watch the Blue Devils in performance....what
My parents haven't even looked for me they don't even care about me
Only could turn around a game like this.
The noise these ppl will mke even if they draw this game eh... Kmt
Pool \/ beach this weekend. No excuses.
Slept through the entire day; just woke up groggy as hell. A lot of good I would have been on the first day of the revolution.
Sending weird snap chats to my friends because my life has no meaning until 7 PM
19 feels the same and yet oddly different.
Andddd shot downnn
I really like the song disclosure
My Instagram name is that s.o dork .... What can I going to do in three says after graduation ?
I should probably stop making fake history and actually study real history.
Why is a women's sexuality under so much scrutiny? Why can't she do whatever she pleases without being called a million negative things?
there's a crooked redwood tree in my backyard that's bound to fall over at any given moment
Gotta get ready for these new bikinis ;)
In my brothers graduation there was this man called a Kevin Thompson who was the entertainer and he was funny omg
Don't worry about where my nigga going Im just gone worry where he gone be!! If you can't feel that, you ain't no down ass bitch
get out of each other's asses, she can speak for herself
there are some pretty boys at the shop with their lifted truck and earrings and combover haircut
Some people's twitter feeds, I swear you have to be bipolar and I know what bipolar looks like
To be honest I don't throw shade... I cast eclipses lmao
Aww poor Greece, the nerves though damn
But on a lighter note, I REALLY want to go to Splish Splash this summer.
hope I run into stabler and Olivia
Just go with the flow my friend
Can't think of a more compelling argument in favor of birth control than the existence of Clarence Thomas.
Scrolling through my homepage. I can see that had a tweeting spree today.
Replay of interview . Great listen. (again)
I get to bed so much earlier lately and I kinda like it. Still can do without the early mornings, but it's just the grind.
I want a pet fox sunny would love it.
My brother hit me up for 4 scoops of protein and I just conducted 4 funerals for all the gains I sacrificed in that moment.
I honestly feel like a total of like 20 people in our entire school watch teen wolf..
The true point of is how it is to die. How easy it is to kill.
about to cry cause my dinner was that good
revoltada com os fas de cantores teens ex disney boyband e presidiario
WA PAMAN DIAY KO'Y DINNER FAK
thought that I was momentarily in love with you
I thought Rinaldo was a really good player?
My mom told the steward I was hard-of-hearing and he said, \"Very funny.\"
Dudeeeee waking up tomorrow is gunna suckkkkk fuckkkkkkkkk
\"You love eachother.\"\n\"Then why did we breakup?\"\n\"Because they you thought you were supposed to.\" \n-Boy Meets World (aka best show ever)
Does anything that's not a brook babble?
A whole set of white ppl at the .
Bourdain! RT : boudain on CNN
&amp; for - planned paralysis in front of TV today
Happy anniversary to i love you
They said you'd gon make it to the top, but I ain't let a smile out yet
That article on SF is fantastic, btw.
People with similar looking last names should be related.
Was everyone else's weekend as lovely as mine? I hope so :-) this week. You deserve it!
Happy July 4 everyone. Be safe.
The US Open was on?
What a long, expensive, well-worth it vacation in Manhattan, NY. Doubt ill ever be back.
I've done enough burpies, squats and planks for a year tonight
Can't be replaced sorry .
if being nice to people doesn't get you out of bed in the morning WHAT DOES
Wake up from a great dream, hit snooze, then have a terrible dream. Ok.
Hagan un gol mas para poder confiar por favor
I feel so basic saying oh well hehehehe :-))
Very close to our commercial break you mean?
It was nice getting out if the house tonight seeing friends
Wow I've never seen the city so dead, I love it
childish gambino is finally on the radio
All I've done the past 2 days is regents, eat, sleep and watch tv. Someone give me a life.
(OGOD&lt;8&gt;Gorge&lt;8&gt;Burns(O)If,u.Haven't Watched That Movie. Then Please Do.&amp;?Listen(O)Listen(O)Listen&lt;8&gt;
Don't even care about my birthday this weekend just want to go on jet skis
Forget those things they sell at ballparks. Go to in NY and get you some churros.
We are in and Shanik already tripped she was cute though.
Good night! It was good watching Teen Wolf with you all! Xxox
That's what you call a Freedom Rocket
Welcome to the World Cup boys welcome to the World Cup
Love is not just a verb
Nice win for holding the geeks off for all that time lol
I just spent the last 40 minutes explaining some baseball to my Indian priest, and learning cricket from him.
San Francisco is full of goth angels like its heaven
These niggas at walgreens just tried fighting me and security lol talkin about they got a gun and shit
Ready or not -
what was the point of the lie detector test then?
Diferentes gustos, pero estamos hechos a la medida.
*Copped a rastafarian tank top* me: \"mom you like it?\" Mom: \"thats a weed shirt dont wear that shit around me\"
Imagine if had existed when Frank Cashen traded Maz. I'm sure it would be absolutely nothing like the hysteria around Murphy.
Need to go to the fucking beach already
My friend looks like jhene aiko just she looks better. My friend that is
Twitter Be Funny Asf when Award Shows Come On
Tbh I like sleeping in just a big shirt
If u still have a twin size bed I feel bad for yaa.
And Dc3 being \": Yas @ Bey and Kelly both being top 20!\"
I suddenly really want to go to Target.
yay a lot of people ship me with ryan
It that time of the year.
chris has had better performances than that.. it wasn't all that great tbh.
I'm so ugly I hate it
No one respects being REaL anymore
Fuck my life
Wondering Whats Going To Happen In Free Agency Tmr
&amp; then when he showed that family album LMAO omg
I really did think you were awesome but I guess you showed me your true colors at the party
You know you're getting older when milk being on sale is exciting.
RONALDO. OH MY GOD. NO.
yes i am listening to french cafe music DEAL WITH IT
Oh dear lord I need to start saving peoples numbers I never know who calls or texts me.
can I have my own dorota
Someone swing me a text
Didn't realize how hairy and ashy my arms were til I tried on a friends Michael Kors watch
\"Negaholics are people who become addicted to negativity and self-doubt. They find fault in most things and never seem to be satisfied.\" Smh
Es un maestro pity con los tweets que pone, re duro el hdp jajajja
Everyone's voices seem especially irritating to me today.
Running through a fire In jordans Hada be the worst ideaaaaaaaa lol
Cierra las piernas portero!
\": cousin you always got somebody mad\" Mann smh they be stressing theyselves out.
Oh hey, it's my grad party... Except everyone's leaving after an hour for a band they've seen a billion times. Yay for not being important.
Seriously getting a 100 on this regents
Broke his nose
ima heavy gamer &amp; i will be getting but ima turn my cover around or put the rock from 2k14 up lmfao f cena
Funniest fuckin car ride ever and its just me and busto
- See Me La Pasare Desarreglando Mi Cama Hoy .
Step by step is our always
Aaron Boone used to be gorgeous
Persona 1 and 2 character will never come back because an army of wild card users would shit all over everyone amd everyrhing else
Just called Grandma Peggy for Father's Day, she was sooo happy that I attributed all of the credit to her for raising my dad.
yeah yeah yeah fuck u Gary
And that's why I was a goalie, y'all
Been broken since the day I was born...
never have I ever felt so gross in my whole entire life ever
Nano doesn't realise Ferguson isn't there to pay off the refs. Not going to get those calls here.
After three nights of celebration so catching up on my sleep today..
I have to say i love late night convos with her,
It sucks when u want to feel bad for someone but they hurt u so much that u think they should just die
Dennis has me so weak with that tweet
Really should go to sleep right now bc I have a very busy day ahead of me
Cannot wait for the books I ordered to get here!
Taylor why dont you follow me?
The way I'm thinking about saying by to NY at the end of this summer .
Kai putting the moves on Shawty. She don't even realize it lol
im like new york n some of yall like south carolina
I don't like regular underwear's. I dont even think i own any. I always get wedgies. I prefer thongs. Yes thongs are wonderful .
Idc i want wat i want when i want it
I'm not the only one that asked to get a notification for 's tweets right?
The funniest most awkward shit happens to me, I don't know weather to hate it or love it
You got good genes, so a nigga trynna cuff you
When online shopping makes you depressed bc you're picturing yourself wearing it at school
I'm really in the mood to dye my hair
Forever wanting a coolatta and a donut
...so that when their time comes they weep &amp; pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way.\" -Chief Tecumseh
Pretty much, if we give jerry brown a little train set and engineer's hat, we get to save a lot of money and headache
feels amazing to be back in NJ, Family breakfast at the Maurice river diner right now
Dzeko must be so frustrated playing for Bosnia. All the service in the world at City, fuck all with Bosnia
Invited to go to SLO for a week with Carter &amp; his family.
Your arms around me tight\nEverything, it felt so right\nUnbreakable, like nothin' could go wrong
If thought bubbles appeared above my head, I'd be screwed
My tombstone will say \"loved margaritas.... Too much\"
Just got off mission not even 10 secs ago and they already telling me 0500 wake up.
Is it weird if you buy yourself a love bracelet
I wanna go to New Zealand one day.
Might die from laughing tonight ha
Officially a college student nigga
I already did the prep cooking, but it's my squad's turn to supply breakfast so I'm getting up at 5:30 to make everyone massive burritos.
this weather got me makin heart eye faces
\"Dick, Glass, Dick, Glass, Dick, Glass\"
I can't wait to go to college and get out of this house
SON THAT WAS A STEP BACK 3 ! AFTER A FUCKIN POSTER DUNK MY GOD
Dreading today. Literally do not feel like having any human contact
The most convenient tuxedo rental ever = . Highly recommended to all the future grooms.
\"Not one, not two\" yeah just two Lebron, sorry
The spurs are too good
you give me butterflies
My woke me up mad early like mom you know how hard was work yesterday ?
Going to somehow vacuum the shit out of my ceiling from all these spider webs tomorrow
This is a really good game
Nothing worse than lazy ass co workers
\"And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me. You will always be my friend.\"
I will get so angry if this actually doesn't happen...
Why do I not have any stingray shirts?
Are you Fucking kidding
Majority of you don't know about Pharrell's influence on music, he's up there
Shit, i aint ready for the life i live.\n
\"Just hook up with some chick that will Cook &amp; clean &amp; have kids and wont fuck your friends\"
Me: WHOS THAT BITCH. Shaydia: HIS MOM. Me: OOOOPS
We'll always stand with those with the greatest need.-Rev. Cecil Williams before talk with
Ordering bathing suits instead of studying
I love a nice hot day!!!
When a good thing stares you in the face don't mess it up for something temporary.
I should be tired as fuck by tonight.
the birds are up so why am I?
USA! Clint Dempsey goal in the first minute.
A special thanks to for one of the most memorable weekends of my life!
And I meet another single girl with a kid...
Advice from Clem: if you're going to date a French guy, date a BETTER one
Pretty pissed I missed Messi's goal cause of work.
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
We out to the sly fox
On tonight, guess which has most ?
Finally found a website where I can continue watching The O.C. online.
Hahahahhahaha JJ !!!!!!
His phone calls make me happy inside tbh
Obama's rulebook was given to him by Chavez at their first meeting at the UN.
I told nadia and layal to come sleep next to me and now they are fightin
coming out and saying something risky here, sorry in advance, but I don't like e. e. cummings ah it feels good to get that off my chest
Walked a hour just to sit by the water, so relaxing.
Jack Donnelley or 40 year old man?
Damn I just talked mad shit and they came out w gifts from France for me I'm an asshole I don't deserve these gifts
i need something to do
Hey you looking good keep it up!!!
Soldiers, Sailors, Marines Are Killing People For \"No Reason\" Or Are They Following Orders For The Great Or Good Of The US.
i aint even happy with life tbh
Hate that I still don't have all my clothes and shoes :(
Everyone is pissing me off today. I just wanna go to bed.
\"Did she actually say that or did she like know\"
I'm really starting to think U.S.A is going to beat Port. In today's match.
Can't wait to meet new people at MSU
\": Officially going to stop smoking.\" Why lyss?
Great crowd, great readers, great night
Getting your ass smacked, watching movies, and eating pizza are not relationship goals. That's regular shit that couples do every week.
I sound way to smart in this essay it's bad
Being yelled at by two of the closest people in my life right now great thanks guys xoxo
Can't wait to see you this Fall Tour xo.
I cannot tell you how excited I am to get this fucking wrap off and getting these mother fucking stitches out tomorrow.
Anyone down to see 22 jump street tonight hit me up
Will you love me if I buy you milk tea???
Dang USA already
Idk why but Gatorade tastes 10x better when using the twistee cap
Buuuuut like why can't you still be my bff while you're with her all bullshit aside?
Another step towards corporations becoming people. Makes me worried for the next step. Fourth Amendment next?
I'm not like them. I need to have a bf to give me attention.
lucky im in lovee with my bestfrienddd
This dudes wearing a citizen shirt. Citizens lame.
my sisters such a bitch I hate her sm
just convinced my sister in law and brother to smoke weed with me later FUUUUUCKKKK YESSSS
But fuck it idgaf anymore .
fortunately that isn't standard courts exercise or schools would still be segregated and interracial marriage illegal.
Everyone just plays a game that I don't want to play
My butt is bigger than . And that's the final conclusion.
\nWho cares about Sterling. The big news was Lebron and the Heat got their BUTTS WHIPPED by the SPURS:-)
Su mardito veneno que viene en frasco de besos en botesitos de miel
Kobe gonna go off next year
Ahhh shit i missed my 7k tweet
Not even the second day of summer and I think I'm sick
I'm ready for the work week to be over and for some camping at for the
Listening to Every Romance Language on repeat bc I miss Ryan and I wanna be driving around in Ft Lauderdale instead of walking around in NY
Al fin , ya empezo mi finde
What a play
Ignacio me hablo, es un milagro cheeeeee
I just realized something.. I went outside last night naked to put up my Windows. And I forgot my parents put up security cameras. FML.
See I love you but I don't like that
I'm not sure what the acceptable way to feel about this is
Making that makes me feel better, can express a little more
Miles really needs to get well. I'm not liking him in and out the hospital
I forgot how cool SF is
There is still 1 minute I'm not giving up
anyone wanna watch me play wagers on 2k then madden
It's decided me and and are gonna roll up to EDCLV next summer it's on. We will play lottery for that $
BIDEN OUTCHEA SMILIN' AND WHATNOT
I have way too many cases
So much for Pat Riley trademarking three-peat.
ri muito que agora estou com dor
I didn't see any sex so it can't be porn
Fifteen years. Fifteen. YEARS. ***FIFTEEN Years!*** Happy anniversary to my bride .
You were too worried bout them other bitches in your phone, when you got a loyal girl at home..
How'd I get drunk?\n(6 beers and a shot on an empty stomach will do that)\nThanks brain
Missing the World Cup because the kids want to play Minecraft...unbelievable.
Pharrell though !!! Congrats babe :) hunny
Your so thoughtful , your so thoughtful .
Now it's a party because I have Kool-Aid Jammers
Don't get me started on what it means to be alive
All I want is a foot and leg massage, a long hot shower, a glass of wine and to sleep naked
Lost count after 4 train collisions, he said
I just downloaded 30 albums in 30 minutes god bless the internet
Ok cool, only me and my manager in the store and one of the fitting room doors slam by itself.. Fuck that I'm leaving.
The fact that I still have to watch Olive Garden commercials is just cruel
que lindas estan las bosnianas jajajaja
LETS ADVANCE BABY
Hey -- can't wait to come back as a mentor to the R\/GA Accelerator!!
Finally listening to 's set from Vegass.. Killllin it
Paalam sa sim card ko :(((
Guarantee Beasley is high af
All the spurs should play until they are 60. They are ridiculous
Aw I care!!! I'm like a mom!
Most Disney movies have A113 hidden in random scenes
How about fuck u
\": Taraji RT \": 14. Taraji P. Henson or Gabrielle Union\"\" ur mad
God love . It inspires us to love ourselves. It inspires us to love our neighbors. Heck! It even inspires us to love our enemies.
CMON we can do it. WE ARE ALMOST THERE
6000 miles. \": Man Utd how far na!!!!\"
You need to let it go, she's happy.
Now I'm on a MACARONI SALAD kick - it's gonna be a Loooooong \/ :
Life ProTip: Like your own Facebook statuses and favorite your own tweets so everyone knows how confident you are in yourself!
Busy work doesn't end in high school
Life is good w\/ .
I need a recap of the nonsense that happened at the BET Awards.
I walk around with a smile on my face but a space in my chest
Seeing my videos of the games me and my roommates played during tour makes me realize just how much fun i had\n\nOr whatever
I know I'm late but.....DEMPSEY
\"Esa mirada tenue tan indiferente... La capacidad de aguantar el ritmo despiadado..\"
\"I'm gonna have a BF!\"\n\"Oh my god she's gonna have a bitch fit!!\"
BUT THE SUNBLOCK WAS EXPIRED IN 2010
chant initiator since 2010.
why is he suddenly becoming cute what is happening
Me: The new Kardashian game looks so dumb. \nStill Me:. I could see myself actually playing this thing. Thats sad
I'm sorry for the things I didn't say.
Carnival will be hurr next weekend
Early!!!!. Clint Dempsey is pure class lol
I'm scared to get close but I hate being alone
I need an italian girl in my life
Lirr might strike? Not mad at ALL
Flatbush zombies are so good like dang
Great moment for Brindy there.
im so funny
Thats it? No wait I wanna see more damn gotta wait til next week
How are you \"always at work\" but always on your phone?
Seattle 'bound in T-minus 5 hours
Why do I get so hungry at this time?
Aku Sayang Dia, \nTpi,....\nDia Sayang Orang Lain :'(
Clint Dempsey is the fucking man.
If I dont make it to NYC PRIDE I think ima cry !
That was fucking wack. Dempsey just ran shit
Having a baby young is hard but its a choice to keep the baby or not and I will not do abortions saw a picture today on Fb of a 4 month old
All these beach pictures and im stuck at work :(
I AM SO EXCITED TO PLAY THIS STAR WARS GAME OMG BRO
He wants to run the concession stands, as well as oversee the cheerleading team selection.
This summer, oomf that's all imma say
Waiting for you to text me is getting old
It's Independence Day!! Stop in today from 10A-5P and take 15% off Clearance items and show us your RED,WHITE&amp;BLUE spirit!
tryin to get my usher on but I can't let it burn
10 hours til kickoff. Too excited to sleep. Dreams of advancing. Dreams of taking the group
even though he will NEVER know how much he means to us
I text you first so you know it's real but I need your # 1st lol
a mango sounds pretty nice too
Whatever I'll wait till I get back from London
Headed to spend some time with my little niece... Oh &amp; my bro &amp; sister in law lol
I need to start caring more about shit but it's just so hard to do
If you're watching the you quickly realize the importance of throwing strikes
Y ese maldito viaje ya se confirmo\nSolo recuerda, si me dejas no se vale
he's an asshole,\nhe's annoying,\nhe's dumb,\nbut .....\ni still love him
And it was only a year ago
I have to pee but I don't want to move
Sam Smith's cover of \"How Will I Know\" will be on repeat because it's feels central in my room
Deleting my Instagram because I never use it
well it just started down pouring out of nowhere
In a room with a bunch of Argentinians after a goal...
Jason clas is the reason i cant wear a man tank
I over think a lot but I have talk to you an tell what I need to say.
She got the only sharp nose
Someone told my mom what happen and now she's scheming in DR.
My last RT has me weak
Havee you ever gotten so pissed you try to laugh it off but instead you just bawl your eyes out?
Sooooo tomorrow is paramore and then Sunday I'm getting my entire side tatted
But how's this when is imposing their religious view of contraception on &amp; workers
I just wanna sleep man but I'm so scared too now smh
Can think of endless reason why going to college in Cali is a great idea
Can't you tell Im painin In the inside
On that great and terrible Day of The Lord, there will be no more sermons and no more time.
Chase is getting hammered with URI kids at block island and im jealous lol
this girl was wearinf jacobs shirt and i ask her whos jacob whitesides and shes like idk i just like the shirt \nbishes these days
Would you guys be down to go to Santa Cruz in 2 weeks an stay for 2 nights?DM me.
want to eat pizza but will most definitely regret it
My dad got me in the worst fucking mood
kajol da bomb yo i love her
You never fail to weasel yourself into the plans of others, thank God I'm free
Whyyyyyy is this chick on acting so so dumb, whyyyyyy? Also insomnia...
American hottie with the dreads USA USA USA USA
\": Augustus Waters offered to write Hazel a sequel to her favorite book, and you can't reply to my text message\"
Lebron is still dirty...
My dude still a lot better than
Ya me esta dando como que arrecherita la verga.
And rereading my tweets, I knew that they broke last night, wonderful.
Idk what has everyone thinkin they either a gun toting maniac or the most abstract artist the world has ever seen. What happened to ordinary
Good Afternoon it is Monday and i am going to run some errands and then work on some projects when i get back home Have a good day to all!
If I said to anyone half the shit I said to nicki they'd put me in a mental institution let's be serious
Tired of girls trying to hang out with me just so they can see Stens
Can I have straight teeth and a cheeseburger please
May have to buy this new tshirt
Asking my mom tomorrow to get fios, a scuf, and to let me quit my job and not go to college
he didn't know what a good thing he had, well it's too late and that's too bad
I absolutely hate people that brag about their grades. Take that 100 and shove it up your ass
Man was that fun, I hope I get to play at Frontier again.
LeBron not even on the court anymore? Punk move. I'd defend almost anything he does, but stand on the court and take your beating.
Mas te vale, ya estaba celosa
According to Jamie I have bad taste in movies, so here I am, watching the Departed, trying to convince myself I can like it.
dejo en las manos de Dios todo y cada uno de mis sentimientos.
It's time to call Landon Donovan back up to the squad
Sam and I kissed on the kissing cam though
kristina ur dream wasn't even scary shut up
I need a couple of a lot of shit.
the holdup always gives me the best vibes
Quiet people have the loudest minds!
Wants my ears pierced today
This is a good ass game
I just love life
I want to punch everyone who RTs those stupid tweets \"RT this in whatever or whatever will happen\" you're stupid
when edibles are so delicious you just wanna eat the whole thing
I'm dead fucking ass I'ma let go. But it gone hurt
\": Things that keele up at night:\nI wonder if sleeps naked\"\nMy balls are too saggy. Undies!
But she know I show her daughter motha fuckin love
NO 3 PEAT
Feliz dia de la independecia
Finally cutting my hair next week
Brought a Benz for my baddest bitch.
Females don't needa impress me either tf!? You just with me to kiggit lol company really. This a personality check nothin else.
Next person to post a graduation cap insta is gonna cop an unfollow
Do the right thing has become my new favorite movie for many reasons. I don't have enough characters to explain.
All I want in life is to be able to retweet Gianna
love this gabby Wilson person
Yes Seth smith with a homer
You ever go through pictures from a couple of years ago and think to yourself, \"wtf was wrong with me?\"
The exhaustion right now is on another level..
the one sided sacrifices end today.
I dontt ever get any sleep when I'm in NY
What good am I if all I can create is a projection of my own mind, a dream of finding time to remind you that I'm still here
hOcKeY pLaYeRZ wOuLd pLaY tHroUgH iNjUriEs sOcCeR sUx
Today Must Be My Lucky Day
I don't get you females on social media who claim a \"boss mentality\" and attempt to portray it by acting in the crass manner that you do
does anyone else kind of miss janice dickinson?
Psychos always seem to find me
I need Rick Ross to gain his weight back
Christian companies win. Obamacare loses. Access to abortions doesn't have to be provided. Don't believe this was only about contraception.
I give up... You CANNOT go to bagels n' cream without seeing someone
Wow It's 5am. And I keep craving berries. And chocolate and hot sauce and dear Heavenly Father can I get some Olive Garden?!??
Barnes and Noble is so cold ahhh
Enough of this shit, lets talk business; acquire more currency, disregard bitches.
\": Honestly nothin can go back to wht it was before anymore .\"
Like he legit is laughing out loud and smiling like a serial killer
Novak seems to be getting even worse when he has to come to the net.
If you nervous hit the lights
If girls are supposed to shave their legs and arm pits. Why do we even have hair there?
\": 2 reasons why most dudes are single 1. They dont know how to talk to girls or 2 they talking to too many girls\" Chruu!
Drink a bottle? Beer? Smoke some blunts? Joints? Bong? Fuck? Cause some havoc? Eat pizza? Then fuck some more?
Now that I don't have work who wants to day drink at my rutgers house in the next few hours? And then rage all night of course.
WWE Wellness Policy will be taking a break how many of these guys are gonna need pain killers?
You cannot change the people around you, but you can change the people you choose to be around.
I get a headache whenever i go indoors....sigh
I miss the days when YouTube had no commercials
I HATE when I get the feeling some1 is lying to me
Why do bad things happen to good people ? I just dont understand
Idk why. But. I just can't shake the feeling that this is a mistake
you don't like when I leave you on read, but you leave me in delivered. makes sense.
If you can't tell, I am pissed. We really need term limits for the . Most of the people in it are behind the times.
It's not about what you have, it's what you do with what you have
Don't be wanting to do my hair anymore ! Shit be in a bun all day er day
Who made this bomb ass tea?????
\"When I die I'll go to heaven because I've spent my time in hell.\"
Can it be Saturday already?
My mom and aunts need to chill the fuck out lol
Ashanti still sexy but her weave is a no go
If my ears are telling me correctly there is a giant killer whale somewhere near 45th and 9th. Tell my mother I loved her.
Ghana hands down has the best jersey in the tourney, idc.
What am I going to get my father for his bday???
Seeing karagounis tear up made have me a bit of the feels man, forever a legend
Bruh that nigga is a traitor he turns out to be fucking russian
Am I a dick if I cancel dinner to watch the draft at the Barclays Center? I'm asking for a friend...
Skip fucking Bayless lol
Completely forgot how to play Skyrim
I'm gonna tentative all over the place in a minute
if you've seen my room you'd know this is a miracle
Gooooooooolllllll de Bosnia
Let me sit this a$$$$ on u
First Day of School (again) is tomorrow, at least it's only six weeks
If Megan didn't hear me scream i will set fires
#as lights come up &amp; the crowd clears my heart is full and my spirited is lifted . Thank you #!!!!
With my auto loan I have to purchase a car that's 2006-2012. Lol ugh so stressful
Finally I saw the bart dancers people talk about! They are good!
Every female needs 3 words: I love you\nEvery male needs 3 words: Yo son chillll\n\n(Stay grounded)
So did they eject the guy that interfered with the play?
If ever you get sad or frustrated about the state of the movie business, just remember Tilda Swinton exists and is amazing.
I hate naps. Why did I do that
If u sleep alone every night and don't take up your whole bed, well then...u don't kno how to be alone right.
if I ask you to facetime me it's because I want your d
I have to pee again but there's no toilet paper upstairs so looks like I'm holding it for a while
I thought to myself how could it be real that he suddenly falls
Like once I get a drink in... My ultimate goal is to get drunk... Not buzzed or tipsy... But drunk just drunk.
Seriously? I'm just so tired of feeling this shitty.
Hes so ugly
beauty on is a reflection of your inner world, your soul..
From the moment I woke up to laying down now was perfect. I loved today
without sushi i swear i dont know where i would be
I can determine no biological imperative for abject humiliation, why does it plague us so?
ooo shit we tied.
I love taking pictures of my dogs whenever I can lol
Nike &gt; ADIDAS : Cleat endorsements of US National Team: 17 on roster wear Nike, 6 wear Adidas.
im about to start staying in, not more parties.
I think How To Train Your Dragon 2 is my new favorite movie.
I have to wear hella eye makeup if I'm wearing glasses because my glasses shrink my eyes\/:
Haven't even left the house yet and my hair is already frizzing.. Like how??
Hoetha was feeling very guilty, that's why she told Benzino.
Ever see a tweet w\/link on your phone you want to open when suddenly Twitter updates, you lose it and can't find it? Damn!
I only use apps like Jackd and Grindr to remind myself that I am surrounded by homosexuals
Going for a run b4 i off myself Bye
Crushing on someone knowing they don't know you're crushing on em can get kinda frustrating.
Everyday That Goes By I Neglect My Feelings A Little More. Everyday That Goes By You Show A Little More Reject. Dont Hate Me When I Hate You
Thinking about deleting my twitter !
Them air anwar's are mine in about 20 minutes
My back is killing me and I have sunburn on half my face but hey I just graduated
Ashanti &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; YESSS YOU BETTER WERK !!!!!
This 12 hour shift is gonna kill me
Lets fucking go!
I need a k2 or k3 or saliva connect . Cant smoke pot. Tryin to pass a drug test li ny
Give me pineapple and ill love you
What a fucking strike
perfectly placed in the net
My country, The United States of America conquered Protugal's first goal undefeated streak at the World Cup!
My mom had 4 kids without any epidural
Time is a flat Teen Beat magazine.
Never thought I'd be this excited about getting injected with 36 allergy shots
sometimes when Gigi doesn't hear me, I yell \"Marc, Gaga's here!\" so she turns back and says hi! Lol, Gigi is so silly!!! our inside jokes xD
It's a game of runs and the heat are out of em
It's funny when people tell I'm cute when I'm mad
Gunun duasi olsun: \" Allah'im, korku icinde gercekleri goremiyen medyaya biraz cesaret, cesurlara firsat, zalimlere merhamet, millete akil.\"
Never settle for what's in your reach,settle for above and beyond or you'll waste your life away not knowing what your full potential is.
Apparently dentists call them selves doctors, engineers and fuckin artists.
He Did Not \": Lebron gave up\"
j'ai mis les extensions mais jsp
I don't think I'm supposed to be as comf as I am right now on this bus
Can someone come bring me some Taco Bell pls
Lin and Asik off the bench for the dubs would be cool
Mandei olha teu email pra ve se chegou
That was a good tackle
Just slept for 11 hours ...... I feel amazing. Now to watch Germany vs France
If you're not watching this game rn you need to reevaluate your life
Next M in 40 minutes color me annoyed
Lol can't wait to throw that beach party
Lmfao! They talkin about Lebron, Melo, and Kobe Bryant on the Lakers together!!! I'm sorry but there is no way in hell that happens!
When you start thinking, \"what if people are delicious and cannibalism just has a bad rep,\" it's probably time to shut off your brain.
Whoever that just was on snapchat. You can't twerk
I never tweet anymore but award shows best believe ima be in twitter jail real soon
Is wipers on lights on not a law here?
Tim Howard posts are getting old. Who cares if you save 16 shots on goal if it still results in a loss?
Dinner and a show, four blocks from my door. Can't complain
I have not kept good track of sexual partners
HOLY SHIT THAT GOT ME SO HARD
Robesman being salty at me for faving all of max angles' tweets when I've never met either of them. LOL TWITTER!
Why is Bill Hader pacing outside of ?
nothing pisses me off more than being ignored holy shit
A huge spider on my wall on top of my bed is not the biss
I have the day off tnrw and Angela has work so I think I'm gonna watch xmen tmrw, by myself lol
Nick is telling the rules with Mariah. She's is coming back to work. Nick says after she is done paying Sharon back he wants Mariah gone
Looks like we're getting pens again
he probably thought i'm crazy but i was kidding hahahahahah
My man happy birthday bro
Was hoping the HR Derby makeover was sending Chris Berman to the wrong stadium
\": single so i do some single shit\"
This song is honestly the most perfect thing I have ever heard
Shame losing to a hamstring injury, but at least we have in reserve. Oh wait...god dammit .
My sleeping schedule is soo fucked lol
Gekas why it had to be you
Won't you stay with me, you're all i need
I needa follow more Africans. I'm the only nigga on my TL going for Ghana
Plus two more mins ! Hfs ! This game is intense ! Lmfao .
GOOD NEWS, AMERICA: we are open until 6:30 today for all of your craft beer, meat and cheese needs! all day, baybay
Chewing gum with a grill I don't think it's possible
My Dad use to work with Tim Duncan's college roommate. He gave me Tim Duncans autograph. So Let's Go Spurs.
Why my phone just followed 15 people I have no idea...
It's not even noon and I'm already having the day from hell.
To the fluctuation I have on my own
today on the train, a guy stood in front of me, smelt like celery
I wonder do you ever get tired of this...
I think Im gonna buy the Retro 13 tomorrow...
Just waking up , damn shame
Totally wanna be outside in this monsoon rn
Sluts calling eachother sluts smh.. But that's none of my business
so blessed to be surrounded by the best of people.
Schedule this morning is madness. I want to see five of the matches at 11:30 am and I only have three screens. Plus Rafa-Rosol at 1:00 pm.
Bumped to an earlier flight since mine was delayed. Thanks !
ONE thing I miss about working at F21 is shopping on the clock hahaha I stayed coming home with stuff
Don't let the high go to waste
It's going to be a good year at cal this fall
I CNA TVENE TYPE IT WITHKUT DYING
Guys nd bad bitches skate out here..I'm down with it
Hate how my sister thinks she knows more about soccer than I do !
Wheels are turning in my mind, don't wanna leave, but I might this time.
The conversations we have in the guard shack are always the most memorable.
Obsessed with the entire collection. Why do I not have a backyard? Oh, right.
hot damn it , your booty like two planets. go head and go ham sandwich. whoa , i can't stand it
How do I always lose my family....
I need to go to the beach-.-
Bye bye miami
Do active verified accounts get notifications to their phones?
Omg did that just happen??!
can I just stay in tonight and finish reading Gone Girl?
I check Twitter on every commercial to catch all shades and cut ups
Listening to some EDM making me wanna go raving cuz I'm so amped this weekend.
It's weird being the youngest in a group of gays. They treat you differently
Spurs deserve it all.
This bout to start.
Kendrick Lamar n J.Cole are life
I miss my my family so much &lt;333333333333333333
Literally having major anxiety I hate you :-)
I was just asking who scored the fastest goal in world cup history and it just happened
If being told no for 2 months isn't enough I do not know what is wrong with you
Muting people on twitter is for little girls
I'd definitely be down to be made fun of on national tv by kruk and kuip
Being cat called is so flattering :-)
Standing in line to get into Trader Joe's because, well, New York.
It's nine and I'm only just getting the chance to study for my two hardest finals tomorrow niceeee
I can't wait to live my life
Ugh this joseph gordon-lookin white boy hit me up on Grindr but like i chose playing Naruto over sex ?
Flight elite 8th grade wins tournament down in San Luis Obispo playing a year up
