annoyed ain't even the word, I'm so tight rn
turtles don't do anything but they're still such beautiful creatures
I swear I still remember freshman year like it was last year
Erryone concerned with soccer &amp; I'm over here like let's go A's
I'm an unabashed patriot today.
p.s i am DJing a summer festival next month and you're all gonna go and vibe
My joined Daytage is going to be siiiick!!!
I forgot better shit that you ever thought of
Why did I think 1 AM was a good time to start orange is the new black, I can't stop now
it feels good to move on and realize you deserve so much better.
What to do with this ground beef...
Felicidades por rica se lo meresen
\": \"You be playing\" = Why haven't we had sex yet?\"
how dose it feel with me baby I'm gettin stonger with out you baby and I'm done hopin we could work it out
!! Ju can dooit !
I feel like if I was on teen wolf I would be like Milia bc she doesn't care about anyone really and she is
USA just eliminated Portugal
\nGod don't like Ugly Crybabies, that's Y Lebron, Magic, Griffin teams got their Butts whipped. God was watching+he don't like Ugly!
(1) Novak Djokovic def. (11) Grigor Dimitrov 6-4, 3-6, 7-6, 7-6 in the Semifinals of .
Its hilarious when my uncles are drunk
Why does my girlfriend and her friends call me Dracob lmao
Good thing Ronaldo is trash
Well if it makes you feel better I didn't move and I'm the real star here -
I hate when silly groupies wanna run their yap, word to god hun, I don't get down like that
Don't be scared , I'm right here baby..
How are there so many own goals this cup
Que bronca tengo el dedo hecho mierda
Ginobili just simply told the Heat, \"No.\"
\"Hannah I like watching you be a mama Deer.\"
I WANT DREADS I WANT DREADS
CHRISTIAN CHANGED HIS RELATIONSHIP STATUS ON FACEBOOK TO WIDOWED FOR A GOOD 5 MINUTES.
So mad I can't find my sassy shirt
Collab de Guetta y Avicii &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Lovers On the Sun.
Why all these artist stay in the studio but I NEVER hear any of they shit ? ..\n\nLike ever?
No such thing as a lazy Sunday.
\"You're bae fire pls talk to me.\"
LETS DO THISSSS
I got called sir twice in the last 2 days. That shit has to stop.
Nothing like driving on op during sunset
What Gary Oldman recent did is what our favorite artists did when we followed them on twitter.
Onboarding new users is key to a successful user experience. Why not gamify it?
It wouldn't be the real u
breathing in your hair, playing with the air
when I walk into brandy i feel so white
Can't believe this time tomorrow I will legally be allowed to drive any water vessel in the world from a one man boat to a yacht
Why are they riding their horses right now?
Lol at the airport cops trying to search my car. You thought bitches.
all of you better be waking up at 8 tomorrow morning to watch the US play Germany
Pussy money weed.
\"You smell like a fuckin turtle tank. Go take a fuckin shower.\"
Made it home! Boy was outside gardening and has unpacked the van for us. Now I am getting gas &amp; returning to the house for my credit card.
I'm not gonna break down man. I promised myself I wouldn't.
Meek mill x 0-100
She got me up all night
I want to kiss you in the rain
Lmfao Spain played me so hard this World Cup bruh
Rember why, and push it with passion.
Need beet &amp; ginger juice to cure me
\": even when shit not going good , if anyone asks ...\"we good\", cuz mfs always look for somethin negative to say .\"
just ironed the tux for tomorrow's game.
Goolaso de messi
leonardo dicaprio is the best thing ever
Naniypu diving cunt!
33 SECONDS !!!!!!!!
The sun needs to come out
its just me, myself &amp; i from now on. oh &amp;
Imaoo zNM get so happy when they beat us jaja now is 12 12 jaja dont get happy
So sad I lost my gold nose hoop lol :(
how is the 4th of july feel cause I'm never on no patriotic shit
I'm fresher than a Mother Fucker :))
Bravo Costa Rica !!! Viva CentroAmerica !!!! Yay
low key and turn up queen .. Let me show you the best of both worlds
Noo sleep for 8 more hours or what ever
Are you serious
USA y'all are killin me right now messin wit my emotions and shit just score one of these damn
Ughhhhhh this is too much !!
Only two hours late to karaoke with and co. Fashionably might I add.
Nice my dad don't believe me. Right.
But how do you trust someone who's on the other side of the country..
a Cristiano Ronaldo por lloron!!
This is like the first year my family didnt go get fireworks
Why did I picture loverboy saying this lmfao \": Do you work at Subway Because you just gave me a footlong.\"
terry cruz remind me of derrick so much
Now my grandmother has an Instagram ..
Real men wear wrestling shirts in public.
\": Finna be a fade\" lets not ...
one gram of that butter is thirty\n\n.... in 2002.
Jewls is the best best friend ever
This game is honestly all right now, pick it up
my life is literally the biggest joke but i don't really think im laughing anymore
That fuckin spin tho!
GUYS it's Kristen's favorite holiday
I wish there was no drama and everyone could be friends again. Like if you dont like my plan suck a dick.
Everyone please pray for my best friend Joel! He's going to Africa to spread Gods word! There couldn't be a better man to do it!
The phrase \"literal buttloads of sex\" just made me snicker.
Remind me again why I was the one who was dumped?
I see this lady crying in her car and I smile at her and she smiles and wipes her tears and oh my god I feel good about myself lol
UNITED FUCKING STATES OF AMERICA
It's so hard to hit on strangers on tumblr these days jeeze
Like if I died, I doubt anyone would even notice.
I really do not feel like cleaning my fucking room right now.
Damn, it's probably like 4 am and tweeting out some real shit. Sleep it off, babe
When can we fall in love again?
Where did that come from ?
Rapping to myself in the shower about how she \"ride right\"
Isn't it suppose to be down pouring or something right now?
anyone wanna come to a fire at Gavin's?
Bitches be hating so bad they go out they way to come read my tweets to run shit back girl you a hater the real kind
flipped it back on Fred lol
I'm tired of your bs. don't play with me; i aint a game
James Rodriguez must come in clutch against Brazil
oh boy do I love standing on a sidewalk in the pouring rain while wearing nasty ass silicon band raincoats :-)
I just wanna shoot myself in the face, I'm too tired
The tools just keep on getting better and my job just keeps on getting more wonderful. Lucky to be a designer.
i wish we could forget the things that we don't want to remember
when bae texts you right after you fall asleep &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt;
I wish i would just die on everything
Bruh I was a wild boy last night I gotta chilllll
I'm used to it so it's whatever I guess.
\": Getting a random GN text&gt;\"
Just arrived home in Pleasant Valley, NY. Taconic to Rossway exit, Parksville, Traver. Trip odo on 48.5. 10:52 am.
Lrt atleast when it's something negative .
Spend it all when you die you can't take it wit ya
Miami fans , GO TO SLEEP!! The slam by Manu OMG!!!!
What if everybody had different seashells as their belly buttons?
.shows need 2 remove friction from ATS,career sites 4 candidates &amp; recruiters. is the Zamboni 2 clear the ice.
Yo, , happy Russell Re-Balancing Day!\n\n
Talk as much shit as you want but when it comes down to it., ha. We all know wassup
My sister likes to do this thing where she plans my life and tells me to get married and I'm like bitch you're 34 YOU GET MARRIED
I dead ass should've of never taken this day off like im seriously staying home alone doing nothing smh
I really do hope. Chris Rock has a Life insurance policy ..... Or 7.
No me cansare de decirlo. Muy del putas la aplicacion de Cuevana. :)
I want Chinese food so bad.
\"If he's not one to give you your fairy tale, he's not the one for you\" judge Ross\n\n Who knew peoples court would be so deep. Lmao
.is for the real Long Island republican conservative Lee Zeldin We do not believe ! VOTE 6\/24
I'll be graduating college this year. Oh. Em. Gee.
USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!! EQUALIZER
I'm eating peanut butter from a spoon......
Lost track after 5 of how many cookies I just shoved in my mouth nonchalantly
That alley oop fail basically describes this series.
Friends at a distance enemies close sometimes the ones you call friends be who envy the most.
it's a mess I can't ugh
Just had 3 types of meat in one meal I'm never leaving Jackie's
RB Knowshon Moreno will undergo arthroscopic knee surgery this week. He will be out 4-5 weeks.
Is it bad if I'm lifting in a thermal shirt and not sweating?
JONES JONES GOAL GOAL GOAL!!!
pre game cupcakes were most certainly NOT a move
I ask you all to please rise, put your hand over your heart, and in a LOUD CLEAR voice join us, as we say... WE THE PEOPLE!
I made the right choice by going out tonight
Nigga, I could score your bitch with a flick of the wrist
I've come to realize I'm starting to peep mad shit I never used too everyone has a story just up to you to ask the right questions
Happy 4th of July independently independent
THERE YA GO USA
I fucking hate when they say \"you wont\" Jesus Christ it sounds so stupid
Thank you for another great EDC. See you next year!
\"End of June Spectacular\" Rock &amp; Roll Show at Valencia Wine Company on Town Center Drive! All we wanna do is have some fun...
Fucking beautiful wow
Told Bella to give me a massage since she doesn't want to let me sleep
Oh no, Bright Eyes started playing. Too emo for me right now.
I need a gay female best friend
I'm still here when you're ready to relate, than maybe we can find an escape
I Love You Dad. You Played Your Heart Out.
\"it's like a charleston chew\"\n\"that's racist\"
My morning walk hair forecast tells me it needs to be a bun kind of day.
Damn it I stress about everything. Lmao.
Nigga we back in action
I really hope Demi is okay..
Some Artists Just Sound Better On Their Records Than Live ... Jhene Is One Of Them
I would like to find a way to stay out here in California. How I make this happen?
I guess I'll finally buckle down and watch divergent
GOLLLL DE BOSNIAAA
HOW FUCKING CUTE!!! He still better then you
6 am and I was already throwing up
Blah,blah,fucking blah.Thank God for Twitter. Some of my thoughts shouldn't leave my mouth.
I guess it's the past now..
I need new friends.
Got mistaken for a hooker...thanks a lot
Who wants to do some bo2 snd gbs?
Just watched this commercial. \n\nThe Amazon Mayday Lady.. \n\n\"I can't see you but... HI!\"\n\nYeah right... \n\n\n
We all know that one kid that is hella swangin
Should've listened to Jesse and kept it pushin
\": My lil sister gets me soooo madddd !\" Shut up. You get me mad
Great episode of teen wolf! Can't wait till next Monday
If your alarm clock isn't the Olympic fanfare you need to dream a little bigger
Through text message we plot the takeover can't talk out loud round these chauffeurs
I am trying to get into this soccer thing
At work love streaming the soccer game and all the customers are getting excited with me ahha
I'm related to Chris Rock by marriage .. Just putting that out there
\"Theres no shame in my game\"\n-Legendary Coach Burt himself.
Your relationship isn't mine, you don't know what goes on behind closed doors so mind your own god damn business and shut the fuck up.
How you cheat on your girl then try and make excuses for it ? LOL
The truth is so hard to find
Bruh I've heard fireworks outside my window these past few nights like wtf yall setting off fireworks for it aint 4th of july yet shit
nothing is better than empty nail salons!
my bad, I thought we were about to be seniors in high school not little immature 8th graders.
who wants to come over
I wonder if famous people actually write their own books...
Felt great to workout with the team today. It's almost time for football season
lmao my brother goes \"omg one week until im making a fb status\"
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained
99- you're pretty chill and we've had our good moments but we don't talk anymore
OMFG KOFI KOFI ROLLINS BACK IS BROKEN
Lol that's out of the wisdom
I just need to have a really good day once this week
The Usos are going to win this match I have to agree on that one
wtf you don't pump your own gas in NJ
So proud of USA
Laying in bed listening to Ed Sheeran kind of night
I'm cutting my hair for the summer , idc idc
Life could be amazing only if you got what it takes. KAREEM It Takes The Grace Of .
I need to be sleeping. And I'm wide awake, wtf
Horse races are sooooooo boring and I'm sweating buckets in the shade. And this kid better stop hitting the seats w\/his water bottle.
Totes forgot about the del mar fair. I think I wanna make a little trip
\": Would you rather perfect every language or perfect every instrument\" instrument of course
Awesome stuff ticos way to fight through
DEMPSEY WITH THAT CUT INSIDE AND WHAT A FINISH!!!! 2014
My phone is not good for snapchat. Because it is so slow, the lag does not give me enough time to look at pictures
lol shut up no one cares
I'm about to America all over the place
Finally one more regents to go then finished
\": you look like the guy from Despicable Me\"\n\nLmfao!!!
I was the first in the class to hand in the midterm.... Not sure if that's good or bad...
Thanks to ESU for not losing my diploma, I was starting to worry. You did misspell my name though.
Wheels up! Quickie trip to to collect some miles.
Looking out for growth &amp; promotion in your job and want to learn the managerial and skills ..:\/\/goo.gl\/CyEDrh
This humidity will be the death of me
\": If she break up with her boyfriend cause \"it's summer\"\n\nSHE A HOE\"
In two minutes it will be my mothers bday TURNNNN UP
6 feet under screaming but no one seems to hear a thing
Don't say you're gonna do something if you can't stick to your word
to stop world hunger, we must first alleviate world poverty
snake bites, lip rings, angel bites, any piercing around the mouth is so ugly,
I really want to cut my hair to my shoulders.. But then I want it super long...
I don't know how some people can watch golf
Found out I'm getting a niece holy crap
One thing is certain. If I'm ever buying yarn I'm buying it at Satanic FuckFest R Us, how bout you?
Cuando Dios te pasa por procesos,El muestra al mundo,por que El es quien te salvo,y estas preparado para todo lo que Dios quiere que hagas!
Wow. Yay. Goooooooaaaaallllll!!
Who The Fuck Is Rico He Get My Dessert Eagle
Lmao been avoiding my dad since I woke up from this nap. My chill ain't loaded yet and I still need a place to live.
I have no words to describe my feelings towards all of this
How could someone be so mean to their daughter. Your not a father your a monster.
va en realidad creo que nadie
GGGGGOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! YEESSSS!!!! USAAA!!!! &lt;3
\"Friends\" was one of the best television series of all time
Ill be loyal...dont worry :)
My grandma is just camping next to Matt Leblanc right now...nbd
I dropped my phone in the pool earlier! Still works though (;
Whatever you decide to do, make sure it makes you happy.
I can't watch my favorite movies with them b\/c they think they suck. Even though they're great movies.
\"I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T do you know what that mean?\" - USA to Great Britain, July 4th 1776.
THAT WAS AN ABSOLUTE FIRECRACKER
I've eaten the same thing for the past 5 days, not every day of the hour but for like dinner and lunch.. ?
watching the bachelorette and eating icecream lol I'm such a girl
Zusi needs to be taken off of this field he's just consistently fucking up every corner kick and every cross across the goal.
JONES coming in clutch for USA!!!!!
If you don't say the pledge at least once today I Dont know what to think about you....
Marco hitting floaters
Either I'm getting soft and losing my edge, or the hot sauce at BWW is no joke..
Only thing that can fix my pain is to watch 21 jump street rn don't ask
do crushes ever actually work out or is that just an ancient myth???
TAMERA MANN STOP ALL THAT CRYING TYLER PERRY FOR YOU THAT AWARD
Never been so annoyed with life. I honestly hate shit today..
Never realized how accurate Dane Cook was in \"the BK lounge\" about drive thrus until today
The 2k14 soundtrack is soooo whack. YOU HAD ONE JOB
Caps 4 game win streak ends w\/ 8-6 loss to WC Crawdads. Hart (USC) w\/ a very good outing. Gray (Rice) &amp; Rodriguez (Arkansas) 2 hits each.
Tonight feels like a poker night
Some of y'all are really whack. It's fine to call American football \"football\" 365 days a year until World Cup comes around.
The fact I have to responsible drunk eat....
We produce and throw away 300 million plastic tons each year from which only 10% is recycled,\nat at
I collect birds. I gots 34 of them. Let me know if anybody wants a bird. I hate most of them.
Real shit these kermit pics annoying tf outta me.
Trash ass goal
James Franco isn't even going to be in the new Planet of the Apes? Lame
You need to trust your boyfriend. Damn.
Rushing home from work to watch that over time,
That time of year I get to watch movies every night without worrying about school
The person sitting next to me on my flight has a blackberry. This probably bothers me more than it should.
\": SHOUT TO MY GUEST JOSLYN JAMES , DESTINY DREAM, TONY STAXX AND CANDACE !!!! \" ALL WERE GREAT TONIGHT ON VAMP CITY!!
- alright he's talking too much
Out of 109 likes, he knew 13 people...
Why are the Miami heat even trying
Low key screen shorted the ish out of that.
Idk why it's just now hitting me, but I can't do this anymore.
I was tired of getting hurt, so I stopped hurting
Happy forth babe come to sunset
My laziness has hit an all time high
Hahaha music is just so bad nowadays
Which means we can blame his slump on Drew as well
Yeah, just come to USA, we'll put you over\nOur own, just not from Africa + Mexico !\n\nWho controlling our HEARTS ?\nHALLELUYAH Show us UR WAYS
A perfect smile is more appealing but it's funny how my shit is crooked, look at how far I done got without it
Fuckin kid ask for mcchcickens at Wendy's
Can't really say shut about it other than the Heat just got outplayed the whole series
she's been at a bachelorette party all weekend and is clearly still wasted
This scooter nigga tryna lecture me on how skating is corny. And why I should quit and get a scooter cuz it's realer....\n\nBruh Wut
It bothers me when singers aren't good live.
Wish I had plans for today:( stupid rain
But I really do eat my mcdoubles plain.
Exhale thanksgiving, joy, trust, hope. When someone asks why I sigh, it will be because it reflects what God is doing in my life.
Omw to san frann
How can tweet but not text me back?
So sad they shipped me a lefty bow
HAHAHAHAHHA BOSH U FREAKING TRASH
Lmaoooo nahhh why he always playing people like that
I feel bad for all these stupid fucks on this catfish show
Sleep never felt amazing after partying 48 hours straight no rest ...
Said two words to her and didn't hear nothing else....Oh
frustrating when u think you make the right decision bc you think you know someone but in reality you were so wrong...
I almost just fell off my counter literally the scariest experience of my life
THE PURGE WAS THE FUCKING WORST MOVIE IVE EVER SEEN HOW &amp; WHY ARE THEY MAKING A 2ND ONE
lmaoooooo that will smith meme!
Well there goes all hope for US soccer
Dempsey. You got knocked the fuck out
no money no family sixteen in the middle of miami
Candid pictures are so dope. Caught in the moment of laughing or acting goofy, the best..
t-minus 7 hours &amp; 59 minutes.
apparently Starr and I don't deserve to live because we love Young Gerald.
I'm trying to be happy only because its Ramadan and I won't be staying in America for so long who knows when I come to America again :'(
With those beards the A's should move to Brooklyn.
Straits beach party tmrw is going to be liveeeeee!
you die hard beyonce fans are immature as shit.
professors visas to teach the only language the US has had an international conflict with in 15 years.
I'm starting a Instagram rap battle league with anyone from Jefferson tryna come at anyone from Jefferson hit my DMs
OMG is buying time with this unnecessary chat with Chris
no this is upsetting.. bye august.
I can see no wrong in artists - NISHE
What I would do to have the chance to watch him play
Wowowwwww too drunk for life right now
Tell a Nigerian mother or father you go to Stanford, you get immediate respect!
Lmao few more sips ill b able to go to bed
i just need somewhere else to go
Cause these hoes ain't loyal and niggas ain't either When it go down you calling for hittas that you ain't feedin
Someone is basically selling a cop car without the lights..... I want it hahaha
Bullshit yellow there
\"....I might have been given a bad break, but I've got an awful lot to live for.\" --Lou Gehrig
At NYU for this month's Experimental Cuisine Collective meeting: Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Butter. It's Better with Buttuh.
Why is there no unicorn emoji.
Which honda and Volkswagen dealerships should i go to ?
Rubens quotes don't make sense but I like them
It is officially a week until im off to Daytona Beach, Florida. Cant wait to hit the beach and relax
Im tryna see game 5 man
hanging at the passenger side of his best friend's ride tryin to hollaa at meeee
vans warped tour om en dag, awesome.
I want a boyfriend just to go on cool vacations with
I don't understand why \"gay\" is used as a derogatory insult....
Fuck marks for being open tonight
I'm so down to go out to eat right now.
catch me on 110th St later tonight doing a Bobby Womack tribute by the park.
\"The Hardest Times In Life\"\nTeach The Most Valuable Lessons. Wisdon
No matter what I will always look at Germany as the bad guy.... Go France
No... I'm not going to your funeral. Why should I? You're clearly not going to mine. Jerk.
Brother's logic: He nags me constantly about my wrongdoings &amp; acts like a parent yet makes up all these excuses for himself when turn around
Linkin park is such a good fit for the transformers movies.
ver el es todo un desafio xq njadaa duraaa mas en propaganda q lo q dan d progrma :c
I should really learn how to come down from extensions, bc I kinda just bump and fall...
had shake shack in brooklyn today
I can do anything I set my mind to
People who talk about u then act like ur best friend lol
What is so serious you shoot a man on the way to his mommas funeral?
Waking up in six hours for Portugal
Jacob Whitesides should buy me tacos
At this very moment I feel so weak\n\nSo sick\n\nLife is to complicated for me
I'm going to try to stay in a calm space all day
\"They call me Jew Boy Q, they feed me kosher too, I don't pay my taxes oops!\" -
Remember when we killed a bunch of Indians for land?
My sisterr went kayaking wif out me .
Peeta turning his head and staring into my soul at the end of the new Mockingjay trailer, omg. I just peed with delight.
Big Poppy with a moon shot. Oh my!
Later.... A very special Performance. They closing the show with a live Stream..
GOALLLLLL!!!!!!!! USA !!!!!!
AMANDA JUST ACCIDENTALLY SPOILED THAT GOSSIP GIRL WAS A BOY.
I have big plans for myself. \nMany goals that I have set. \nI plan to achieve them all.
\"I miss having you physically around me\"
Well me and my stepdad have gotten into a big enough fight that I'm moving to my grandparents house
I be feeling so crazy like this can't be real
idk what I'm going to do without VJ next year like actually
I'll get ghetto and still be intellectual at the same damn time.
Not going to work till i finish this coffee.late or not
I feel like commercials for scary movies are so much scarier than the actual movie
Victoria &amp; I went &amp; picked up Bernie &amp; Scott Bernie is repairing his nieces car really his niece did the bulk of the repair she replaced
Why is this chick on so anxious. It's killing me.
What's up with all these albums about divorce
\": Happy 4th! Anyone figure out how to BBQ and set off fireworks indoors? \"- Indoor smoker, &amp; fight w a woman!
MY DAD FIXED MY COFFEE MUG
People only change if they truly want to.
oomf always have a spot in my heart
signed to the streets drop tomorrow
tidak ada jalan keluar melmilih perang ?Bodoh ! fuck the system !
Joseline do nothing but talk shit like omg she soooo annoying like your soooooo irrelevant Byeeee!!!!
That flip these dancers do , with no hands and land on their feet ... It's amazing
They gon' talk about you when you ain't got shit But then they gon' talk about you when you got shit
As far as I'm concern it never happen
getting attached to someone is bad news all together tbh
Clint Dempsey is the man
Smoke again - Chance The Rapper ft Ab-soul
I have literally never seen such an empty stadium!
It's times like this where you find out who your true friends are.
Locked out of my house.... Thanks guys!
Great I cracked the side of my stupid phone -.-
Ganas de desaparecer no me faltan..
Is there a movie tonight with
I'm hot this nigga Shamir got me watching Teen Wolf
My mom literally curses me out when I miss one kickboxing class..
I wanna be ward wide trill
Go ahead and fill my drink up, you'll still be all I think of
Got damn I was so stoned last night
has to be the man of the match even if Costa Rica loses
I can't abandon her but maybe I can work till she gets out of aldersons
You niggas so fuckin annoying with this \"kik me\" \"whats yo kik\" \"you got a kik\" shit .
Wow is that commercial for banana king serious ?
BOLO for 2 big, brown boys running amok in Legoland Adventure Park.
Katie has balls kicking me off my bed lol
got comments from 4 different people on my weight loss today:)
Man that would've been cool to go see 22 Jump Street today.
I've got one less one less problem
KSJC 152353Z 29015KT 10SM FEW017 BKN200 22\/11 A2982 RMK AO2 SLP095 T02220106 10233 20183 55001
Thanks for getting my hopes up
Sittin here taking dis good ol shiznyeeee
The only reason I'll be waking up tomo is for the U.S v Germany game nothing else
Welcome to Hobby Lobby, can I interest you in any baskets, picture frames, packaged craft feathers or anti-abortion legislation?
If I have to argue with you over you doing what you're suppose to do then I don't need you
Have you had any sex lately .? NO
Yo no puedo ser tan amargada en la vida.
To go to Malibu for the night or to not
My biceps feel like they might explode
Crisis = Oportunidad. De declamar que \"todo es por algo\".
I've taken the increase in my med...the one that works on the BP &amp; heart. Let's see what happens tonight!
Since im now unemployed I feel like I should at least be up before 11 and not sleep in like a total bum.
That was a , hun! \": noooooo! RT : oh shit :( RT : RIP Bobby Womack.\"
The best compliments for me is that I'm funny
UP &amp; READY TO RULE THE WORLD!\n
Damn I finished Blue Mountain State on Netflix
Oh that's your bitch in my inbox? , my bad fams
No one appreciates anything you do for them anymore
Just got up to make one last batch of Donuts for work then vegas tomorrow baby. For those about to Rock We Salute You!
I am on a mission to make liverpool fun
I just deleted 230 tweets that I sent to cam because he didnt notice me :(
Can't stop watching one tree hill it's too addicting
Howard is so good
Lol transformers showing is hella packed
That was fast!
It's funny how I think I have a chance
How can we not trade that pick....we need players now not 2-3 years from now!!
I couldn't play soccer cuss id be to tempted to pick the ball up. And also tackling people
Clip Ls be the best when you smoke good..
Wish i was down the shore
Why can't I go mad hard in my work outs and just shit 20 pounds in a day? lmao. sad face
Gas station has power and someone is working here but I just heard her say she doesn't know how to pump gas
I haven't watched WWE since May 4 (Extreme Rules at IZOD Center) and could this Sunday be the night that gets me back into it? We shall see
Yogurteria spoons too small fo ma lios.....gtta flip that mothafucka up-side-down
\": this one's your age\" you know I'm not into that (;
Lesson # 248 in NYC do not wear a maxi dress on a rainy day
Drake is a must on that playlist
waste no time to get that score
I'm eating a bag of spinach like potato chips and they're starting at me like I got shit on my face
HOLY HELL BIT MY CHEEK AGAIN. WHY WONT THIS END.
I just need a person to text all night
Is there anything more nerve racking in sport than penalty kicks after a draw?
I really don't believe the whole \"people don't change\" idea. I'm constantly changing. Constantly trying to create a better me.
Can't start off the World Cup much better than that
2 sports commentators on GER v FRA game: \"do u fancy the French 2day?\" \" I DO Fancy the French 2day...\"
Like I should really bash my head through my wall for what I'm feeling right now.
That was possibly the worst idea i ever had
I wanna chill with people today
i've somehow been surviving off of twizzlers and vodka for the past week
If there were drive thru bagel stores I think my life would be 100% complete
Laying down singing the weeknd ... Reevaluating my life .
Two stroke Sundays!
People are going to talk regardless, so do what you want.
Important life moment: made it onto the Giants scoreboard!!
God bless all the men and women who protect this country around the world.
Can't believe my parents are still talking about it lmao wtf
I actually like my new Pleco but it's just way too big.
It's allllllllllll mentalllllllllll
How do I convey that without sounding weird?
*insert red, white, and blue emojis* hbd america xoxo
NVM I take that back!!! Mila u idiot
finally getting in @ 7 fuckin' a.m., fuckin' NYC. the sun is fuckin' up.
Sheesh... Dempsey got a UFC kick to the nose.
This is why I live in America for great moments like this!
While i still study for chem...
Because it's so normal to be driving up to Binghamton right now..
And now that my beach plans for tomorrow got fucked... Now what?
From a Woman's Hand
I'm sure by now it's pretty well hidden
Seriously selling them hmu if you want them
Melo to the bulls
JESUS CHRIST SHIT STAYS FLYING OVER YOUR HEADS
por toda minha vida eu vou te amar
CMON YALL WE CAN DO THIS.HE DESERVES THIS. LEGA GO
Time to get ticket 2nd year going (; love to get my HARD on
Just got back from bringing the kids to the park , now giving them a shower. Eww i feel like a mom lmfao .
If you let me you wont forget me
Rt for a tbh over text
I wanna sleep and wake up already
It's better to be single than to be in a bad miserable relationship.
In your very 1st season and with a job that you PROBABLY shouldn't have had. I'm just saying.
my boyfriend calls me a spoiled princess daily &amp; weirdly enough, i love it.
I might just get too caight up &amp; not go back to school for the next two semesters, I can digg itt
I need a boy who is willing to give massages
I dont need you , i dont need you
I'm getting feet surgery
Why do I get a feeling chile doesn't mind Brazil in the 2nd round!!
Some woman tried to talk me into giving her $144 today. Oh ok
El diablasoooooooooo!!!!!!!!! Gol para USA
Every east players breathes a sigh of relief
Anyone wana play ball In this heat?
Ghana is treating this game like a boxing match
Have literately never laughed so hard in my life
Remember when I had bright red hair and was a boss... me too
Med school is no joke.
Ohana means family, and family means nobody gets left behind.
I just won 10 dollars tho
I'm about to be knocked out in a few
It really hurts my feelings when my texts are ignored, but then I think about the ones I ignore, so....
I got 5 real texas homies &amp; I got 5 real LA homies. Thats all I need though
How did that gol just happen
i be feeling like that bitch when i walk thru
No sirves para una MIERDA
Put That Pussy On Me Right N IMMA Change Yuh Life
\"You're looking lean!\"\n\n\"Thanks. I've been eating more Beneful.\"
you think I give a fuck, that's a misconception.
Anyone want to let me in to the IO afterparty? I'm right outside! I really just want to see
This song go hard the guitar is beautiful
Her Booty So Soft, Just Like My Sofa
Prediction times that go UP instead of DOWN\n?
ban j'vais aller vers le sud de Manhattan
Nice dive queer.
Left work early because I have a headache and can't focus on anything.
More is gonna come where that came from.
I need to stop being a baby and get my permit already
I creep people out when I'm bored.
Does my family speak Hakka at home?!?! Is that what our back water canto is called??
When writing the story of your life do not let others hold the pen
I'm not a big fan of change , but if it's what's best then why not
If it goes to penalties we are doomed
I love watching Jack Bauer Call me Anxiety!!!!
Of course when I wanna use my computer for the first time in like 2 months the internet goes down
Fuck all that del you gotta chill shit, I be on my lil mouse drill shit
It's weird how my ex's all moved on not even a month after dumping me but yet I'm still stuck.
Do I think the Spurs are better than the Heat? Absolutely. Do I think they're THIS much better? Meh.
Working camps make me realize what terrible parenting can actually do to kids. Shit, so blessed for my mother!
Come August ima delete my twitter. Gotta worry about school and all the important things\/people
I just wanna get to my hotel and sleep
I'm trying to watch \"Thirteen\" tonight and reminisce
Don't really need to watch the awards twitter got me
rolling with a better starting lineup today. Can't underestimate but this should be a win for the Red Devils
\"When lions are alone they're vulnerable to attack\"
I can't find any apartments that are decent near mv
Ella dice que soy inmaduro jajaja pero eso no me importa estoy viendo Toy Story 3
Dudes will sing \" it aint nothing to cut that bitch off \" but phone in her name . But that's none of my business tho .
THAT WAS ATLEAST A YELLOW CARD
No matter what people say, MESSI is a BEAST.
idiot dome show is back and spoon debuted a new song. today is a very great day imo
If you a top notch bitch let me hear ya holla...
Also I had break dancers trying to battle me and couldn't win cause I was more entertaining
Cookies n water is better to me then cookies n milk lol
used to be love drunk, now I'm hungover
I'm watching the World Cup, but I'm not going to act like I care about it because I really don't lol.
I have caring about certain people so much because honestly caring about someone just hurts you
989\/\/ you know I hate you right now right?
How am i leaving to kosove tomorrow, time goes by so fast its crazy
pretty crazy that just three years ago people were leaving voicemails on phones still
WE IN HERE
THE TEARS ARE FUCKING REAL THANK YOU THOTTIE
YOU GUYS I JUST FOUND OUT I'M CONTROLLING THIS MATCH: EVERY TIME I GO TO THE BATHROOM IT CAUSES AN GOAL
Ever had a 2 hr long praise break? AMAZING
Favorite to be in my 4k tweet
Now how the fuck am I supposed to get back to my car....
I'm not supposed to have caffeine but I just drank an entire venti Starbucks drink :\/
If you would like to say any last words to my good friend Erick Bringas please DM me he lives in Mexico and will never be seen again Ty
I spend way too much money on things I don't really need
Overdoses at Boston TD Garden. My dad is def going to call me tomorrow and say \"what is an Avicii concert? and who is Molly?\"
Oh shit Jake just called me.
Can I sue for ruining my life\/making me wait almost an hour for a train? Because I wish I could
feelin like uhhhhh cause you feel so uhhhh
this shootouts make me so nervous
In the end I really do feel bad for Qadir
I can ALWAYS count on Taylor for a favorite.
or semi - to extremely hispanic guys
This girl is from ohio and talking about how \"happening\" it is and how the most attractive people in sf were there
30 retweets and I'll throw up a kinda flexing pic..
I ain't with the drama, so you can save the theatricals.
I think ill kill the person with my bare hands.
My mom does so much for me
Lol might be moving to Georgia in a month TTYL
I thought my tan lines were bad but Emily's are worse lmao
Gay couple said:Americans who still have problem accepting guys as normal members of society,should know 6 American presidents have been gay
spending all my days in the West District.
Beach w my bros
I really wanna see a day to remember
Honestly I don't think I give my best friend enough appreciation cuz I'm always screwing with him so this one's for you bud
I can't believe I'm watching Little Women LA.
Hate when people always ask why I single.. Yeah because there are so many decent girls around..
All I want in life is to be happy and sometimes even that seems impossible..
Nobody's gonna feel bad for someone who continues to make the same mistakes
I know it's gona happen one day, I just don't exactly know when
got on line at chipotle and 1 second later a bus full of kids lined up behind me
Love that I was raised to be humble, have had little and had much, to love unconditionally and celebrate my differences, I'm happy...
Yo why the fuck is it raining though!?
OMG I actually might have a backyard for my bday party at my place holla
About meet up with the shawty's
Fuck you nobody wanted you to win anyway. I'm sure will cry and will get banged in the ass after the game
She say she workin for Walgreens but not in the store at the head office
I'm not doing anything w my family anymore this is so annoying
something I've learned about people.. if they did it once, they'll do it again
I'm wearing to the I'm so
Too lazy to get ready to go to Tahoe
Hoe stfu ~ \"big Sean\"
I even deleted all screenshots I've ever taken someone please congratulate me that's a lot of evidence just thrown out the window people.
I hate that reading makes me so tired
The nets are an over the hill squad that is gonna be blown up in a year Milwaukee has some nice young pieces and Jabari thats what kidd sees
Took me two hours to clean my room
Q:Kenapa anniversary dirayain tiap bulan?\nA:Karena ga yakin pacaran nya sampe setahun *ba dum tss*
Everyone makes mistakes it's about learning from them
Chris rock not even funny ,
does sheeps meadow close when it gets dark ?
Can't even talk to you the same anymore :\/
tengo que conseguir los libros de El juego de Ripper y Pie de bruja
Is she trying to sell a mixtape
Also during Ed's slowest song Jackie yelled \"suck my big black cock.\" at Carl so that happened
My friends and your friends can be friends, shit, we can do this shit every weekend..
Jozy \/\/\nYou're my \/\/\nSource of most frustration.
I wish she would go to a party with Aerin .
If you ain't talkin money I don't wanna....
No one cares about commons album
I love having such good memories but it's also bittersweet because it's over
i am so starving
U can see it?! RT \": that hairline tho...\"
You're never here when I need you the most.
Eating Magic Stars without even looking at what face they have
'And I can see that you're the first one in a long time That had some faith in me'
I can't take this \"no-rehearsal-for-10-days\" thing. I don't like being home this much; I feel so unproductive.
Missing my independence on this independence day..lol.
Can someone give Chris Broussard a shape-up please?
I don't wanna clean registers tomorrow for the thunder program omg.
Earliest goal ever
\": yes mom i know my room is a mess its a metaphor for my life im trying to be poetic\"
Umm if you snapchat me but don't text me we have a problem
Babe looked so deep into my eyes everytime a loving electro song came on
Who wants me as there mcm? Fav if you do
I have a splif should I smoke it now or save it for wake n bake hmmm
Is this real life?!!
Everybody's at war with different things.. I'm at war with my own heart sometimes.
Havnt slept this long in god nows how long
Everytime you play slapps, i just want to dance now
jozy is out. ? noooooooo
For a show about a talking dog played by a guy in a dog suit...Wilfred is actually amazing.
nigga DEADASS RT : is ya gonna watch the awards? Or keep tweetin about it?
They should have a disclaimer at concerts saying they have dim lighting to make girls less ugly
I always have niggas backs. Don't ask me if it's returned. I don't do shit for returns though.
Beat the CHEAT!
Alright welp I got an 11 hour shift for tomorrow time for bed
If I'm getting up for breakfast with yon then I need to fall asleep sometime soon
Never get angry... It's terrifying
The disrespect is one thing I won't deal with
my tattoo is still burning -_-
15yrs ago today I arrived to the Bay Area &amp; been living in SF since '06. I love it here. My peeps, nature, music &amp; art keeps me here.
Bruh get up
Dennis forgot my steak and then told me to stay 2 and a half hours later and come in on my day off
I just realized I don't even follow Danny... Lmao
What the heck did the Heat practice on the past 3 games because they absolutely NO adjustments!!!
Wyatt says hi twitter
As of a half hour ago, it is officially June 26th. Only one more day until we're all back at the Coliseum for the draft party :) &lt;33333 :)
It's supposed to be styles and Lydia UGH
Is it possible to get a fuckin bagel in midtown? I thought this was New York....
Ok, dale. \": Grx amOr, digo lo Mismo para ti, &amp;lt;3 [Dale para DM digo si kieres X_x\"
I am starving tacobell after
game plan vs : Stack all 11 players in front of goal and don't move for 90 minutes.
Watching a down-home swing band, drinking iced Stumptown coffee after acquiring a required book from the Central Library. Brooklyn is good!
Oomf and i can never have a full conversation
I hope it rains and thunders so hard car alarms go off
Ayo let me just kick you in the face real quick
Now I just wish I was drinking corona with my friends at Mexican Monday. Fuck real -ish life
And y'all can take left overs home and feed it to y'all's pet dogs
Phones Broke because of Rachael Mann that's why
swear I'll let you know when the pain stop
Thought about that one for a while and god it's so true. How's a relationship gonna work with nothing but put-downs?
So close to being done with this paper. Not even sure if it's okay but at this point, my brain is like \"you're leaving tomorrow so BAI!\" ha
Knock You Down - Keri Hilson
Just ran a 5k race and still giving buckets at the ymca come get some
If I do make it as an actor I'm deleting all social media for a loooong time.
I was writing something about Love and accidentally tweeted his name instead of Lowry, SORRY
Rasta man live up! What a goal by Jones.
No lo voy a negar, te sigo amando igual o mas que como siempre.
Country girl shake it for me girl, shake it for me girl, shake it for me
got my red white and blue undies for today!!
Spurs is such a great team, not selfish at all they deserve this win
I don't what ppl are complaining about , but Zendaya's \"MJ pic\" was for a Vevo Lift photoshoot from October 2013, 8 months ago :\/
GOOOOOOL !! MESSI !! MESSI !! MESSI !! GOOOOOOL !!!
fuck I am working March table again
I have discovered how to drink beer laying down. There is an art to it. This will be my legacy.
QUE TE PASO ROMEROOOO? :'''(((
Guy in front of my on the bus is literally shouting into his phone.
Has your recovery been a rough ride or has it been a good time to relax?
So did the owner of Netflix die or some shit cuz they got whack ass movies now ! They need to put new good movies asap
Am I the only one who finds it pointless and retarted when couples go on and off for the stupidest shit?
LMFAOOOO HOMIE SAID I WISH! YOU'RE THE FUCKING MAN!
First time watching The Island. Not bad. Ewan McGregor is so hot!
Shit people SHOULD say in LA: I've up
Not answering the phone when I call is like boom. Instapissed.
I just saw the roast on . I had to rewind especially for and !!!
I love jhene aiko , but life too short for all these sad songs and shit . Its all about the turn up
Charmers is TAIL
I'll go put my pb sweater on
Penalty shoot out coming! Let's go Greece!
\": Someone Let Me Use Their Netflix Account Please?\"
Can't nobody do it like you
Slob on my knob, like corn on a cob.
El recibimiento de Darwin Ceren fueejor que el de Kaka (?)
Been in the Bronx for a few hours. No quick way home.
Dirt on my name hope a flower will grow..
Scene kids are still a thing LOL?
I almost forgot that is on tonight!
my second mom is really like a breath of fresh air. I'm truly thankful to have her in my life
Omg the first time I went to the movies wit baby it was on a double date, he looked sooooo gooood omg
Changing 1 word can make a big difference ask Willie Nelson he wrote a famous song for Pasty Cline 1\/2
Ima get my bread up. Keep fucking around in those DMs tho.
I'm so happy that one of my best friends just got engaged this week. I always wanted the best for her and she has it now
That alley could have done something
Maybe that's why I'm single cause I am not settling
I feel pretty proud of my self
Anyone else find it weird that the characters from our popular sitcoms growing up are the same age as us?!? My example Coupling.
Bless juan for letting me borrow his car to go get food! Hahaha
Gotta love Brooklyn
Petition to move to the Freedom Calendar System. Year 1 AA (After America) = 1776 AD. Anything before that is BF (before freedom).
PMR to PBSMR\nPBSMR to PT3\n\nAnd welcome to PT3 :3
Hahahahhahaha Im dying off BET rn
nothing better than a great relationship with your sister
Lol at all these tweets about praying to not fail coming from people we all know will get at least in the mid 80s
Neither one of these bitches ever gonna lose weight they needa just make a fake facebook and catfish somebody
The fact I'm hanging out with 3 guys and I'm the only girl.
Not only was I forced to go to the parade tomorrow, I am also being forced to solo when I never have.
It's ironic how the little things make the world go round.
Craig just asked if I'm in a relationship with Cayley......how do I break the news lightly?
to my new followers. You can talk to me, I don't bite.
Everytime I think burn by usher is gonna come on pandora it does, like every single time
Of course the day I exhaust my phone battery buying tickets is the day I forget my phone charger at home, haha :|
I finally got to eat the last mochi
Just wanna curl up in a ball and sleeep
Greece's keeper looks like Scott Disick.
I like how my sister didn't reply to my comment haha
my underwears be longer than my shorts
Dont you hate it when your destist just asks you questions when hes like in your mouth liks how do you expect me to answer
What a start!!!! USA!!!
is today monday or sunday idk
I'm always getting a bloody nose now...
Why did the chicken cross the weird spiny thing across the water? Because he's stupid
When will they learn not to run on Cespedes? Mama there goes that man again.
This girls just melted and no ones cares for like 5 minutes.
I think I'm addicted to the pain.
Lol I don't believe it's those so I'm not gonna risk it
Wow so happy my parents are bringing me dunkin
I order stuff from my dads credit card all the time oops hope he doesn't mind
After watching the Bourne Identity I actually learned how to say sh** in german
rookie Despaigne limiting to one hit through four innings.
omg imagine a cute girl just coming up and kissing you omg omg
Music is so influential\nPeople become what they listen to\nThat's why our generation is so fucked up.
I bet Klinsmann wishes he had Donovan there now
Take a lot of pictures. You'll only regret the ones you didn't take.
There are fucking recliners in this movie theater
This whole jet lag nonsense needs to go away now
Storytelling\/thought leadership mode for
Of all the possibilities how would Scott know it's Kate?
Messi is amazing.
! LOVE | PEACE | UNITY | HARMONY | RESPECT | TOLERANCE | GENTLENESS | PURPOSEFULNESS | TACT | ARDOR | JOY | ZEAL
So many dirty looks while bumpin childish gambino driving through chindia
numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard
Cant wait to be done with this place !!!
I should walk-on at USC.. My aunt could hook me up lol. She just graduated from there.
You're not doing a really great job so uh
I MISS YOU
Probs the most ghetto tweet iv ever tweeted
Hace mucho tiempo que te quiero tenerte
May not be freed till 10 but the heat are still getting it done
I believe !!!!
The lineup is my life. It's also $200.
Noviembre sin ti es sentir que la lluvia me dice llorando que todo acabo
Carotte carotte carotte carotte carotte carotte CaRoTtE CArotte CARotte caROTTE carottE CarottE CAROTTE carotte CAROTTE carotte carotte
--\nEs Por Que Cada Dia LO QUIEROO Mas &lt;3
\"why dont you guys talk baseball for 4 hours every night\" - caller from Wisconsin. let us break down the 2-2 curveball in the 9th for you...
If your girl send pics to another dude then you have a lot to worry about
On my morning commute.. I was listen to the EP ..didn't even skip a track. Straight heat.
I cannot do big cities for more than 6 hours
The sounds of New York City are music to my ears.
I run out of patience quick. I ain't got time for no late shit.
\"jeremy!!\" \"phillipp!\" \"PHILLIPPPP!\" \"Mom he's neither one of those two...\"
Tony Parker is the classiest PG in basketball
Don't even have words to describe the last couple days.. I am so grateful for those that surround me
The rains not going to stop anyone
And then I wonder .... what if ...
I hate nick cannon with a passion
MDRRRRRRR them heat players so Funny
I wish I had the confidence to say what I really want to say to you half the time.
I don't understand when people call their parents by their first names.. to me, they are special and deserve a special title
Male:Female ratio at is pretty seriously lopsided.
Kathryn is the worst !!!!!!!
Our class had our project graduation last night outside, I lived but my hair didn't ?
when it comes to sleeping with all your female co-stars on Undateable, I just wanted to know... J'doo'eh?\n
It's Michael Jackson all night tonight on the stereo. Can't believe it's been 5 years.
ok urban outfitters don't ever email me in June with the subject \"a back-to-school checklist\" again
i feel so lazy today like i havent even gotten out of bed
Feeling really hopeful about my sat results so just praying to god the exceed my expectations
Me eating healthy is easy when I but everything..I can't have my parents going ing out and doing compra.
Is that the fastest goal ever???
Ghana jerseys are sick tho
THERE IS A TARANTULA IN THE BARN
I wish Whoopie Goldberg and Iwere friends in real life...lol...in my head we are besties!!!
I would like to formally apologize for all the animated gifs that will now be filling your timeline.
So I find a lyrics video, and its just the lyrics no music just lyrics.
Michael was such a bug-a-boo while I was at work. He even called me EARLY in the morning
I really can't be live I'm done with high school. It's been such a great ride and still hasn't completely sunk in
Like four years of work and you don't even get to graduate with your class
karma's a bitch but I guess I deserved it
I've literally been talking none sense this whole day
Forza u s a
Upper deck, you disgust me right now
Last night I thought someone was holding the handle to the bathroom so I couldnt get out so I yelled \"hey knock it off\" but no one was there
My mom brought me chimi .. Litt.
Tbh I haven't even finished watching the first Purge
Probably just get the other side of my nose pierced
God damn where's Landon when you need him
It's killing me not texting you...
Lovely way to end what seemed like a great day
Damn I thought you were the one
Gas station no attendant and it is illegal to pump your own gas
Our art supplies are not for you.
I like having sex I like girls who ride
Everything would be so much easier if I had my license.
Once, someone told me I looked bad with red hair.... I just laughed, because I'm a natural red head...
Bitch barley got some shoes and now he wants other ones? The fuck is wrong with him?
So do people have their dad added on instagram or something?
Bosh must think he playin city league ball holy shit
I never celebrate the 4th. I'll still come through and snatch some bbq tho
I love you af Alexis pineapple Vaal, you forever on your homie shit
throwback to 4 years ago when i got hit by a firework
Mhkay, ima end up sayibg something so ima just hop of twitaaaa.
What kind of mind games will Riley play to get Bosh to opt out so have chance of keeping LBJ?
Can't go home alone again, need someone to numb the pain
Westchester County will be re-paving N. Ridge Street from Fairlawn Parkway to Sleepy Hollow on Friday, June 27th, weather permitting.
Feel like going for a long bike ride
Thanks to Urban Neighborhood Services, , brooklynNAN, for allowing me to be a panelist, great discussion
Being back in Elk Grove and driving around everywhere just makes me realize how much I've grown up since living here
LOL to meg and I putting on America tattoos while we ride the train
SMOKE CONDITION KING RD NORTHUMBERLAND WALL ST 06\/18\/2014 1653
Hehe and I went 130 in my moms car :) (new car)
This is so hard for me ..
I doh ask the girl to dance for moi smh lol
Laying in bed late, with no agenda is so lovely!!!
Hey I'm eating ice cream
Nobody cares if you're dreading your summer vacation this summer..there's people that can't even go on vacation this year or at all
So stoked to see at Forecastle Late-Night Show. Been a huge fan since I saw him front row at Lolla 3 years ago.
We're getting rid of dish in 1 week!!!
So pissed because the waves were a beauty today for body surfing
Maybe god is telling me too sit next too someone smart.
Sabres need to trade back up in to the first round. Get a guy like Ho-Sang.
Que man tan nada que ver.
Why am I still awake ??
You don't need a healthy nose to stand up...
I want my pictures from Martinez already.
GETTIN PAID TIME AND A HALF TODAY
If melo goes to the heat damn man ill cry but ill have to support melo no matter what
I'm never home, I always get up and go\nPuttin' you through the unnecessary, I never meant to put a thousand pounds\nOf stress on ya head
I'm really fucking frosty rn (idk what that means )
USA!!! USA!!! USA!!!
when I hear my dad and everyone outside screaming \"USA USA USA\" cuteeee
KSJC 261053Z AUTO 31008KT 10SM BKN012 OVC020 17\/14 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP146 T01670144
Just when u try and be nice to someone they have to be foul
I think my avi adds effect to my tweets
Disney must be a mess today.. Fourth of July + Brazil in the World Cup
My hobby should be collecting quarters.
I order the antipasta twice just because she is so nice
I'm going to be up all night catching up on . I have to watch all of season one cause I'm a fucking LOSER.
so how did I gain 3500 rp today
Well, the fact of the matter is both our hearts shatter way to goddamn easily...
Ghana is a raw as team
That roll call thing the Yankees fans do is pretty cool
Plus Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo scored 22 jump street and that is awesome!
ahorita cuando grite costa rik de inmediato s me vino a la mente \"costa de marfil\" q enfermo pana jajajjajAjaja
Always holding on... By a dental floss string
Is it creep on Karlie day?
Woke up at 7 30 and cant fall back to sleep :\/
Jermaine Jones getting it in like that tho
At least her first dance i was...
tu y yo, ese cuerpo pegaito causando una fuerte explosion!!
And to be honest Ace Ventura was my idol as a child
First giants game of the season for me tonight
Omggg my car is so stupid. I'm so stupiiiidddddddd
Living 250 steps from the marina restrooms takes precision timing. You don't want to go there too soon, yet you don't want to wait too long.
You deserve rounds tonight girl .
Honestly I just wanna girl who can hold me down ya know what I'm saying?
So my morning sucks already hopefully my afternoon\/night will be better
Like I don't get what I need to do.
THAT WAS ME!!!
can it be 10:00pm yet
DEMPSEYYYY 2-1 US
Your hella thirsty boo
Ariana grande is not turning 21 no no no she is 16
AMA I am a cute punk girl center stage in the hopes you will see me and fall in love
I catch the last 15 minutes of two of the best movies ever. The sandlot and hardball. Wtf man bad day
I laugh &amp; act like I'm having the time of my life, as far as he knows
Congrats to coach Scott Brown and Vanderbilt on their championship!!
I'm going to lift tomorrow at the high school. Back to my roots.
GGGGGGOOOOOAAAALLLLL . !!!!!!!!
God gives the hardest battles to the strongest soldiers. So I fight for us as long as there is reason to.
Tim Howard is a man among boys
will have 3 times more jobs in their life time in comparison to
Tonight is the night no more excuses !
That dude just got kicked in the marbles.
Waking up with a sore throat and headache &lt;
Today was terrible... I didn't do anything I wanted to do today...
Why did Bryce and I just watch that documentary on pythons in the US?
Been up watchin kimbo for two hours
my dad just tried to yell @ me for the water bill then looked at me &amp; said \"wait do you even wash your hair? hm I'll go yell at your sister\"
I honestly didn't think he was gunna wait for me, &amp; he did till he knew I was safe &amp; with my krew
Im the only one to get the job done
Volvieran a repetir de nueva Escalera al cielo todo seria bellisimo!! Y A LA MISMA HORA.
I ain't mad!! Congrats to Pharrell!!
Am I the only person who thinks the mets are making a trade for a SS and making Tejada the backup?
I make no apologies for how i chose to repair what you broke
I trusted you with everything and then you gonna throw that shit in my face ?
I don't know why I even doubt myself. I know what I'm capable of and ain't shit gonna stop me.
12 days till my birthday!!! But not really excited tho.
\": are emotional when in a committed relationship.\" Its gross
Akmakskanans YEEEEEEESSSS FINALLY omg
If your shit been hit more than 6 times away from me
It's so hard to find someone without \"baggage\"
USA was knocked out of the last two world cups by Ghana
play with my hair and rub my booty?
what we should really be chasing with pitchforks and torches is fucking times new roman and arial
I JUST SAID FEELS BYE WORLD
Wolfs 1-11 during the game tho &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
When are you going to understand I hate you.....
First night in Albany and me and Han are playing multiplayer race penguin
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali! Haaaaaaay San Fransico
I literally just started laughing because it's 1am and I have to go to the damn dentist in the morning. \n\nAnd then I started crying
Stulid of me to think that anyways
Damn \": The plane? RT\": I didn't expect to get this attached to you.\"\"
that is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard smh
I need to renew my apple developer account
Decided I just shouldn't work any more since I injure myself every time I come to work
oomf just made me give up on life
Gooooooooolll viva Carajo
The long ass ride on the shuttle to EDCLV &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
What is the better sports moment: Billy Bob scoring the district title winning touchdown or Greg Goldberg's GWG in the JV\/Varsity Showdown?
Meeting my parents in my hometown for dinner. Currently sitting in my car in the parking lot avoiding all eye contact\/small talk.
Dirty Dancing Havana nights is on. But oh wait, my hands are tied, I have a pound of garlic shrimp to peel and eat. It's the little things.
But the drummer is usually hotter than this bass player
I actually hate my body soooo much
still kinda got it for ya, but i wont ever tell ya
10 hours and 35 mins today doing payroll. Yeesh.
My fridge looks like something got murdered in it.
I think am neutral on this one
Wtf depressing, terrible baseball being played. Good riddance June
ima be a thot next year watch out
There's like one or two cute female in here
The gone band Chris rock from bet awards
We were supposed to leave at 6
See ya, Jason Kidd. any chance the KGB has a conversation with him?
I hate my friends
Can't wait for later tonight.
Ghana playing clean idk what y'all talking bout
(Go see it.)
Wonton Soup by Lil B was playing today at the gym and I literally lost my shit. Gyms in the hood&gt; all other gyms.
Sorry ray allen. Boris Diaw is officially my favorite player.
When I turn 18 I want to model for js haha
Lil Wayne performing on mute! Every other word is a curse!
I don't wanna be outside right now I just wanna get home and sleep im too sick for this
The ice melting in my coffee reminds me of what my soul looks like applying to 9-5's right now
Anyone else tired of lebron crying?
This guy been talking for like 20 minutes
Some people are just so stupid it hurts
Gotta be the hair cotton!
Heading to a barbeque than gonna go watch some fireworks
Man, you on some other other shit
need to be by my side at all times to motivate me and slap bad food out of my hands plz
just saved a kid from running into DPA
Thank you you bring me instant happiness
I want to join a fantsy football leguage
Gas is more cost effective. *preferences* RT : Prius &gt; Benz
to the max!
Can't believe tomorrow is going to be July already..
I think Criminal Minds is the only show who's whole cast is surprisingly attractive.
U no answer my calls...?? Mmmm...kk
awe its so cute how my mom still remembers how she met my dad
\"Keep the normal niggas outside the gate\"
She had me dying criticizing people.
I thought felipe was actually hella good in the rap
I find myself belting Bridges of Madison County and that When Jesus says yes song while biking around NYC. I'm truly a gift.
I would hate to have to get a tattoo removal
Fastest World Cup Goal
Baby you a me love fii life, me queen, me wife, me Barbie doll
Substituting van Persie?? Netherlands, what are you doing?
Watching 24 for the first time
I'm so bored, this sucks. &amp; I have to pee but I don't wanna get up.
This summer is going by fast
Ohhhh keeps my wife &amp; I sooo happy - as we binge watch scandal together.
I don't feel like staying home all day tomorrow......AGAIN!!! \/:
Lew ti ekip tout saw fe kont ou lew kontre a yonn ki gen nom menm chans ou diminue net podia podiab
Wish I could just go back to summer '10
Vine is now all advertisements for apps..
call me maybe ?
Vou tentar ir la
7 hours on FaceTime felt like 5 minutes , Lol thanks for always being there for me even tho we fight a lot ily jk i hate u jk
my toe is so full of puss omfg
Adam thinks the solution to this is sleep? Uh no.
The Mississippi election proves it. They would rather see a den than the tea party in that seat
Got my dad a brand new wallet for Fathers Day &amp; a whole bunch more but I had to put a picture of me in there because I'm the fav!
Argentina better start waking up &amp; show they want to win before Bosnia comes with the surprise again &amp; score another goal
\": Back to the gym tonight.... Hospital or success AlphaMaleShit\"
Lemme see what you would do for a stack baby.
Mom: \"she's too busy with her own funny life\" referring to me constantly laughing at my phone
I'd join a cult of normcore chain-smoking apathists any day, but I don't want to live in Brooklyn.
Never spoil A bitch i Aint Her Father.
I got some exciting news for y'all stay tuned !!!!! (Coming soon)
I just made a love match in heaven. and
I feel sick to my stomach.
BIH deserved it
Anyways, San Fran here I come again.
Heard some gun shots. Always a good thing to put you to sleep
Partying it up saturday and sunday six flags !!!
The struggle of sunburn is made so much worse by the fact that you have only yourself to blame
Cherrys wig was so ratch yet still had all the str8s on her
Heyo for yayo got yelled at, at the gym for deadlifting 500 lbs.
idk there is just something about ya
I think the Tongan girl who was going to fight on vine was playing vball with us tonight.
Orange is the New Black season 2 ended sooo crazy
watching the sox beat the yankees in new york at a sports bar in new york is a special moment
Empty handed, but not forsaken\nI've been set free, I've been set free\n
I wanna do something tonight
yay america and freedom and stuff!
Godspell is happening this week. I'm siked and already emotional.
If life is a game, why can't we all just be on the same team.
My cat always manages to lay right where my cramps are and she purrs so loud. I think between the warmth and purring it sooths my pain.
work sucks dick
I've been so gawddamn moody today, I gave Jared every right to call me a bitch whenever he wanted ahah
I LEFT MY WINDOW OPEN LAST NIGHT FML
Drinking white wine with ice with freshly shampooed carpets. When did I become my mother?
I hate it when I can't fall asleep because I can't stop thinking
I always wonder what my future has in store for me
Would you believe me if I said I'm in love
Breaking the rules me and you you and I
Late night Law &amp; Order: SVU viewings, but that's a given.
If your not celebrating today get outta the country
Daniel Bryan what do you feel about Stephanie McMahon stripping you from the title and how strong would you come back
feel like i don't mean anything to anyone
Closing tn. Then workin early tm. Ty whoever made my schedule
What is up with this reverse-parenting my mom is going through? I deadass used to stay out until 3, now I can't even leave the house.
Can't wait for the NBA Draft and Free Agency to start
I'm not sure why we can never talk.
\"That's some smoothie makin shit from the future\" -
I seriously need a beach trip.
What is it with theatre kids who brag about being a \"bitch\"? Is being rude admirable behavior now?
I've learned to not give anyone too many chances. I'm pretty sure they are now down to one shot at getting it right.
what a Match!!! PK finishes are INCREDIBLE! Great block by Keeper! FOR SURE MAN OF THE MATCH! great fight!
it's 3am; i can't sleep and im hungry :(
Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you
That run was something crazy
Time for orientation at SUNY Oswego
That was very cool very good goal I like it.
How are me and brandon related he literally is so dumb
Made everyone food cause I'm a housewife
Like mother, like daughter.
Themis's says it's time to \"clean up\" some of the equity market \"noise\"... Podcast on BloombergRadio+
You gotta laugh through the bullshit
I hope I have star wars dreams.
45 minute lunch breaks are THE SHIT
these niggas are so crafty
Ella solo dice los quiero por no decir \" yoel tu eres mi amor\"
KAMPANTE KO SA QUIZ KO SA SCIENCE &lt;3
I guess some things never change.
Nobody give up!!
\": Can't believe I finished a burrito bowl in one sitting\" hungry hunter
Dempsey just got a knock out UFC kick to the face!
Got a blazer from cotton on for $20 and it was originally $60 yaaas
Holy shit this is sooo sketch
missing you feels unbearable at times
This will forever be my song
Ya'll need to stop lying to yourselves...you have not been happy for how ever many days in a row.
Why Is kermit the frog all over twitter
Jeter is on the starting lineup.
I haven't been on twitter in forever
I love these nightly phone calls!
Xfinity is my favorite tv\/movie app after Netflix
How many of these hats do Pharrell own
Try being your self for once
Gol bien merecido. Simple pero fue una jugada en bloque que trajo su resultado
No matter how good he does you can't beat a team with one person, especially the spurs
A flower does not think about competing to the one next to it . It just blooms .
singing in public is my favorite
Watching US v Portugal. Freaking Lex Luthor\/number 4. What are you doing?
20 bucks on a scratch off baby yewww
such a struggle being paid bi-weekly.
Even tho his heart cold he Inlove with the heat
If you keep track of who unfollows you or use that app you have no life
It's summer &amp; I'm awake studying for my anatomy final Weds cause I can't sleep. Oh, &amp; cause I had a shitty night &amp; I'm very dissatisfied atm
(sike I will always have a wall up) (lol)
I start work tomorrow and don't have a day off till next Tuesday... jeez thanks!
Hey Guys, Guys, GUYS!!!!! Just an fyi, is like SUPER ADOREABLE!!! Thank you again for the dinner dude!
The games\/whatevah wanna call it be playin lol gNight Ms. \"grown folks\" \"yeah yeah\"
There is never a good reason to care about soccer.
Life is one big joke. All you can do is laugh.
Lmao the referees comb over is really bad
17 to 2 run. This is pathetic
LeBron playing for USA soccer now?
Buzzfeed is the only place where I will accept spam.
Mom just informed me shes going to the family party alone .....ok then
I don't got one chick ..... I dead be texting my niggas all day
That Jimmer Vine Is Elite He Really Could Shoot In Any Gym !!
Lets fucking go!!!!!!!!!!!
it's not about where you are; it's about who you're with
My brother is soooo fucking annoying
If this cabbie gets me to LGA in less than 15 minutes he is getting one helluva tip!
Realizing how many times a day I see someone on my social media and think to myself \"Wow, I wanna be there friend\" lol
I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain.
I just realized i didn't get any sleep all weekend. Especially last night smh
Don't let a single moment slip by.
I want to go to New York solely to master the art of subway travel.
I had a dream last night that I found an opened bag of hot fries on top of the fridge. I think its a sign. bc i want some now.
My cousin is talking to himself I'm going to fucking punch him.
When you horny, you'll fuck anything sadly.
I like to be a mystery
Please Cameron please my birthday is soon does the count no? Okay
RIP Tony Gwynn. Sad news.
My flight continues onto Atlanta.. I should just stay on
all this soccer makes me want to play again ..
It just further motivates me to achieve what I need to, rejection pisses me off, anger fuels me. Hurt me and I'll destroy the world.
But I'll take my money, so I'm good.
I'm called an asshole like 5 times a day lol should I care about that?
Zack has been bullmoosed 4 times today
\"Whoever is with Allah during their nights, Allah is with them during their days.\" - Shaykh Nuh Keller
if I don't say thank you to a compliment it's bc I don't notice it, but ill always say thank you. It's extremely rude and arrogant if not.
I'm telling you he's od hot
Everyone's always asking for something real but can't keep it real themselves
Why window shop when you own this
I can't find the VidCon app, AHHH where is it
Oh he's ballin
Day 1 of 4: complete. Do it again x3 and then I get a 4-day weekend.
Thank you god, I am so blessed to have you look down on me and lead me in the right path
My brother be twitching in his sleep like wahh
Congrats to on going to the Panthers
My heart is literally racing rn.
Driving in this weather was only a little terrifying
Tony Parker showing everybody it's not always how you start but how you finish
German RT : That jones yute is prolly Caribbean
Can't stop thinking about that penne vodka pizza...
Lanny d who?
YASS BOO YOU DESERVED IT SO MUCH IM CRYING FOR YOU IM LIKE A PROUD MAMA
Too fucken lazy to get up and workout..
My dad drove us along the coast of California so I have been to so many beaches.
You Ghana lose TADAY
This bitch keeps eyeballing me at the gym!
Esta noche hasta la lagriima me voy a beber
WTF ref come on
Great first so final match. Dimitrov is exciting to watch. He is going to be a big tennis star.
I think I broke me charger damn it
Twitter gets my pics before Instagram does.
there is a lot if watermelon like tastes in my mouth right now
Anything? \nOMG \nUh oh trouble on the loose
trey nailed it last night again
Thank god the final isnt till 12 bc I'm gonna be up all night doing this packet
We live in halfmoon (2mi south of mechanicville), got 5 7\/8\" rain last night. Crazy, everything's flooded!
Listening to Paradise By The Dashboard Lights by Meatloaf...\n\nIF YOU KNOW AND LIKE THIS SONG YOU LITERALLY THE REALIST NIGGA I KNOW
That 7-11 needs to open already .
This is so crazy: the U.S. is *allied* with ISIS fighters in Syria (to remove Assad); but *fighting against* ISIS in Iraq. INSANITY!
it's def a struggle when call me maybe or c'mon start playing on my phone and i can't be a white girl for 3min screaming the lyrics.
And over and over again, he brings her to her feet 'til she can no longer stand.
I'm about to commit a first 48 and get away with it
We turnt over here
bitch I'm cooler than a cooler
My mom just said I can do my room all trippy and shit im hyped
This weekend, you can see me get naked AND make out w a stranger onstage, for two different events, both after midnight. My parents, though.
Sadly, I'm 2016 president and I don't know when our summer meeting is .
I'm in a bad mood for no reason Lol
Wow. We decry women's 2nd class status in other nations, and yet works hard to make us 2nd class citizens here.
Not 1, not 3, not 4, just 2
\"All our souls were meant to find each others.\" Lol
To have and job you need to also have common sense
All I need is a beer and music and I'm good to go
I can literally cry on the spot just at one thought of losing my dog
There are times I miss our late night conversations.
You know how many potential baes were in there?
Fr though who can afford American apparel when it's $50 for a pair of knee socks
That was a nice shot !
damnnn somebodys doin the wrong sport on ghana ufc shit
I'm like so what I'm drunk?
out to carvel
\": Corporations are people, women are not. \"\n\nSure looks that way, doesn't it?
I really want some good pizza I'm tired of the same shit
hi i'm in day camp reading the book thief
Im so in love with james I want to squish him and put him in a box every time he smiles
OMG ME SUBIO LA PRESION CON LOS BAILES DE y COTO
The pictures I send of myself to my mom are literally repulsive...I almost feel bad for her
Only you got me feeling like this !
6 down 6 to go
Sorry sir, it's still too early to even celebrate historically accurate 4th of July
remind me to never accept weird friend requests on facebook again
Sparring partner today had that old man strength... Had to remind him there was no money on this fight. Sheesh!
Wish I could be in Oregon to make my moms birthday as special as I could make it. Happy birthday mom, I love you.
Oh u bitch because u want 4 fucking people to sleep in my tent. Yet 5 people fit in urs &amp;&amp; u want it to be just two people. Such BS
Liesss RT : I remember getting a 96 in my US History Regents in HS! Haha fuck what u heard!
.R U sure about that? Many studies say otherwise. Where is your research?
But what is this.....
\": Can't take you seriously if you're entertaining everybody that show interest in you.\"
All of western New York at Wegmans rn
what's your name, who's your daddy
World Cup football is over for today, next is the season finale of starts in 1hr.
My mom wishes I'd be single because she doesn't want me wrapped up in 1 person so young. But says she blessed bc I'm not a hoe. ??
Can't wait for tonight!
Happy 4th of July! I'm celebrating our country's birth with a long run.
\": it's all fun and games until someone's appendix bursts\" accurate
HAHAHA SPENT MY WHOLE PAYCHECK TODAY GOOD THING GRADUATION IS TOMORROW
I wore about 8 bracelets to the concert yesterday and now I have 2... I threw them on stage and accidentally hit kalin
The guy in the bullpen... His name is Quackenbush...
U pussy whipped she gonna be in the crib all summer ctfu
\"I know the broads will be upset with our decision. But maybe it's menstruation AMIRITE?\" -Justice Samuel Alito, probably.
Casey and Kate the Great!
NO FUCKING WAY
Gonna find my dad at the beac tomorrow cuz that's where he left me
A person is gunna b who they are
Bitches was really wildin last night tho
I have tendonitis from culling followings. Luckily, you don't know who you are.
\": Got this interview in the morning\" GOOD Luck HOMES
I don't think I've gone to sleep before 1am since 2009. Wth.
Pawn Stars, Hardcore Pawn, &amp; Pawnography. Can anyone guess the underlying theme in these reality shows?
I got tired of starting over so this time I never gave up. Saw it on a fitness meme but it's soooo truee
I've been craving Mexican food all day
Yung Totoo Matutulog ka ba or Mag E-Excercise?? Bakit ka naka PJs?? XD
Why is lebron on the bench this guy is a bitch
Being the only friend that always comes up with the ideas or has to fight with my mom to get car but god forbid my friends move a finger &lt;&lt;
So exhausted. Cathy scrubbed my whole garage and I got tired just thinking about it. j\/k I was working too
TWELVE HOURS. Hey Germany? We're coming for you.
Win or lose tmrw I'm really excited for the game
Fuck getting tazed looks painful as Fuck !
Sometimes when I'm high I feel guilty for judging the way someone else decides to use a social media platform
Kids may be slaves to technology, but the truly disgusting part is that it's the only way you parents can put up with your children.
Does it count as exercise if I run to the freezer to get my ice cream?
only reason i'm rooting for mexico is bc chipotle &amp; taco bell
No excuses tomorrow lets do work.
om probably gonna stay home eat food and watch tv
Sigh I hate Mother Nature
Some girls are do stupid omg
Will sell first born for Wingstop.
I'm just gonna take a nap C:
Who tf is this iggy bitch and why does she suck so bad
My mother just said the word semen. Pretty sure that should be illegal.
lol i hate seeing joe shit on my TL
34s holy shit MERICA'
today was the first day I worked w just one other person..
Crying while I retype my single space communications essay
This existential crisis is way too real right now
Dang having a pool would be a major plus!! So hot!!!
He's Tryna talk to me in English it's mad funny
I slept way to much in the last 24 hours
Manu just made the heat look like a bunch of little kids
Not sure what I want anymore...
I feel insulted through a subtweet not meant for me... lmao
if you're going to be a fake friend, don't bother being friends with me at all
My friends are going to an ed sheeran concert on my birthday without me
Red , Balck &amp; White forr the hatinn hoess
I just have to reiterate that is the greatest
I'm going to write a poem about 2day
4th of July is my second fav holiday and I will personally murder mother nature myself if it is ruined by a hurricane
The bar I'm in watching the USA vs Portugal game is insaneeeee
Bro I'm just glad my kicks didn't get dirty
Such a beautiful hot day for a luau party. Then, flying off and away to ! Looking forward to deepdiving into again!
Lol what a great way to start my morning
Ngl I like Kendall for givenchy
FML woke up late
Childish Gambino lucky as fuck bruh...
sad I can't getttttttt those shoes
TRY TRY TRY TRY SEARCH HIGH AND LOW, SEARCH THE SKY AND THE SEA BELOW
Lebron cant play the last 4 mins of his Heat career??
Tenzin got me weak the way he just slid away
Well deserved !! But a little bitter about &amp; my top two favorite female dancers right now!
Officially not friends with Billy anymore
Talk all that Jordan\/LeBron shit. Jordan didnt lose 3 finals. Let alone 1.
I thought I was gonna die though lol it's been 2 months since I been in the gym.
Pull up on the block like whaaaa
These niggas do not miss
.How does the non-Twittering Parrott then explain de Blasio's quadrupled outyear deficits?
Rootin for Dempsey to have a big tournament. This start is not bad.
Clint fucking Dempsey
Amanda and I keep sending each other basically the same text message before we let the other finish typing.
I miss you d. Wish you come bacc.. If we just put our pride to the side ain't worth throwing it all away. At least salvage our friendship
Actions deceit just as much as words do . Remember , Judas betrayed Jesus with a kiss .
is the only one who makes a comb over look good
He really went up for a header then decided mid air to try and kick it
We are the best
Jeal of all the graduates at project grad.. One of the best nights ever
I really wanna visit Seattle and New Orleans someday.
MANU DID NOT JUST YAM ON ALL OF MIAMI
\"I need to get pumped\"\n\"I need to get drunk\"
I'm sending the ugliest snapchats rn lol sorry
If makes an appearance u know it's a good night
to Schroon, then Connecticut, then to North Carolina....
All hustle no luck.. we earned this here nothing was free
Pop a beat and start rollin
I WANT TO WATCH THE FUCKING GAME BUT NO I HAD TO GO TO VEGAS
When you want to hit someone up but don't want to seem annoying &lt;&lt;&lt;.
Really wish I was going to fest Thursday
with Cardinals loss, are in second place
Anyone actually watch ariana grande show? She a terrible actor
What is a man's biggest fear? Losing his power. The struggle to attain something that takes years to build...and only moments to lose.
facebook ads are seriously doing too much
Fergie's Dutchess is a dope ass album.
Nigga froze lol
Honestly if one more things goes wrong today I'm gonna fucking flip
Sam Smith and your feelings are a deadly combination, kids.
Scenario was the first song to come on Pandora but I had to change it
I hate when I know what's being said behind my back
I feel that only Indian cooking can make tofus tasty
My iPhone orders food on . What's yours do? . Can't do Pride without some Kennedy's!! ^_^
The days I work man are the days everyone wants to do shit -.-
The most important workouts are the ones you don't wanna do
Everything and everyone isn't as perfect as they seem
I really didn't want to have to worry about this over the summer
Happiest man on earth right now
Who the fuck told Chris Bosh he was good at basketball that was a mistake
Pretending she was asleep, funniest shit yet!
REJECTS IS ACTUALLY MY FAVE SONG
Jost Altidore is DOWN!!! Fuck, it looks bad.
to the dreamers Summer Time. Will Smith
To all the haters out there, suck my ass.
Diamond Nation is so nice, glad to be here.
Some people's breath come out a warm place, and they wouldn't know about someone whom sleeps in a snow with no blanket. Think about that.
Thursdays album of the day is The Great Destroyer by Low. So mellow and so good...
Practice got moved to friday, so might as well go to misson peak tomorrow lol.
My brother just sent me a snapchat video of him picking his nose. Shouldn't 12 year olds be asleep by now?
Is garlic a cucumber?
One last shout out to the fathers today...happy fazza's day
One shot thats the deal
On my way to the office
That awkward moment when you're trying to end a conversation and the other person won't stop talking
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x121
Oh my god I'm done. It's a wrap. you outdone your dumbass
don't do too much
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x124
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x125
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x126
now it's your turn to cry
I've been listening to a lot of kanye because right now I FEEL like kanye (ie great)
Your just dumb as fuck!! Get out of my face
RAGE AT THE VANSCHOICKS!!!!!!
I'd do anything to get my grandma and sister back.
When will these people learn? Do not test Cespedes' arm. He will make you pay.
RT : resident reported pipe bomb at Geary and Beaumont, but SFPD bomb squad found it was just a pipe
Hey dad I actually boned my ex but thanks for telling my BF I cheated on him!
It's ok rain on the 4th just means getting drunk and pigging out inside in comfy clothes instead of high waisteds with bugs and sticky heat
Is supertramp prog rock or yacht rock? I forgot :(
People can never hide their true colors. Eventually you'll see their real side.
I really wish my job didn't take so much time away from my personal life...
Straight up cleaning out my whole room unpacking ALL my boxes and fixing all my clothes
&amp; Pedroia, like Red Sox you couldn't find anybody who doesn't look like a pedophile?!?
I Only Want The Top I Ain't Tryna Pipe.
I think \"Grey\" would be a pretty name for a girl.
Just avoid your ego at all costs.. It's not cute
I want a mediocre work shirt from
The best is when you know you have nothing to do the next day
Too lazy to do my hairrrr
I've Loved You,I've Loved You All Along&amp;I Miss You Been \"Far Away\" For Far Too Long
Classy move by giving Aperture pack buyers (of which I'm one) credit back. Great co and great product.
Got asked my age today and I said 18 without hesitation. I'm 20. Oh man
LMN channel idk what it stands for but this show my crazy ex is insane I'm addicted Pocahontas should be on it that nut case
It's not that I can't be alone. It's just that I'm alone literally all of the time. It gets old pretty quick.
I cannot wait 5 months until my upgrade, this is hell
I don't expect anything back , I would just like that one time I ask for something I hope to get it . But I ain't shit :)
Slow Dance by John Legend.
When people don't answer my texts
El gol mas rapido en un mundial fue en 11 Segundo
Her shoes must've been the wrong size ima give her the benefit of the doubt smh
emojis have so many flaws
I mean i need an urgent haircut
Don't make it so I feel like I'm wasting my time.
My blind ass looses my glasses somewhere in the house &amp; no one tries to help me look for them lmaooo
This nigga really in his car sleep while im.working how the fuck that sound
I wish we could go and be free, once baby you and me. We could change the world together and never come back again.
Supporting a National team is way different then anything else.You go on a special journey for 4 years and this is the reward. The world cup
I need to sign up for college
Left my charger at work
Favorite part about cleaning my car? I can see through my windows again!
it blows my mind how people can talk so much crap about someone and then become best friends with them the next day
If it were for this fuck nigga summer school shit I would be able to watch the soccer game
You never realize how much shit weighs you down until you use the toilet and come out like \"damn I feel lighter\"
Some friendships are so strong they can even transcend lifetimes
Bouta drop a grand at Bon Ton.
I wanna wreck you so bad you'll like like an exploded hot pocket
I'm moving here. Thay have uear round camping and no bugs thanks to the bats.
It's always fun to party with Mexicans lol
I've know you've heard this a lot. But it's my dream to meet you. When my friends showed me you I fell in love
Great job Tim Howard!
.Don't get me wrong NAHN is a great idea, but for NDNs 2 support cultural appropriation by non-natives is counter productive, no?
Pura Vida Costa Rica! Ganamos otra vez!
i think i tweet too much
Trying to get that clean edge up .... Selllll!!!
I hear dad screaming out back so assume USA did something good?
I hate a should've , would've, could've bitch .
Some one is blasting music in computer lab
\": I love washing my car from y'all dirty ass feet being in it yes\" let's go drive around moreno valley and do hood rat things
Damn So Much For Trying .
RIP TONY GWYNN,N HAPPY FATHERS DAY,BEFORE N NOW WITH THE REALFATHER! Just another Human who love d way you play!!,GB N YOUR FAMILIA,GBLEES!
Update: I went through because I placed the order with them. Awesome customer service and the finish looks perfect. Thanks!
Every year for the past 5 years I have either tweeted or made a Facebook status about how I wanted the fireworks to stop at 1 am
Wondo time I suppose?
uk you're sad when you eat jam from the jar
At ready for Lionel Richie and
IM GOING TO CRY IF I SEE THEM BUT THAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN ANYWAYS
That's something a lot of rappers need to get into anyway. Having an album with 1 producer and one focus.
If you happen to date a superhero, what happens when it doesn't work out in the end? That's like the worlds highest expectations.
I hate when tumblr refreshes without my permission
I honestly wish I was a spurs fan ughhh fuck the Knicks lol
Hopefully The Usos retain their belts tonight, although it would be great to see Luke and Erick be tag champs.
Moving fast cause the speed so enticing
The goalie didn't even move lmaoo
Don't know why I do that to myself
If u from Brooklyn dnt it look like where shmurda shot the video is in east Flatbush?
son beasly out here buggin tn
still can't tell if I love or hate the jerseys...
I swear twitter just follows people for you...
I know you madd but so what, I wish you best of luck, but now I'm finna throw them deuces up.
NICK CANNON LOOKING LIKE RE-RUN haha
Hate being hungry at this time
google search: how much do you have to work out if your diet consists of tacos and spicy margaritas? be honest, google.
him laying next to me right about now, has to be the best thing in the world!
I see some crazy dope old school kicks.
hey going to July Bronies NYC meet, or whatever that party is on Saturday. And if you're going to the later how do I get there?
surrounded by a surplus of dissatisfied customers, ! accepting yr apology tweet ahead of time &amp; relaying it to strangers on yr behalf
Seeing all the tweets on that goal, I think we've officially had the 1st World Cup Twitgasm.
this week has been the craziest so far but ive meet so many awesome lovatics and ive made friends that i think ill keep for life :)
Hurricane Arthur ain't going to fuck up my 4th!!!
Philly bound on Friday. Gunna be a nice drive manee
I miss my bed at wvu, I use to just sink into that thing.
soo done with everything and my summer just started
best day all around in a while
More touring artists use Ultimate Ears than any other brand! Follow for upcoming concert ticket and earphone giveaways!
Webstagram: shows u top 100 trending hashtags and stats on your own page. Currently free!
Can't wait till I'm 18 so I can sell cigarettes to teenagers &amp; stuff like that.
so sleepy but I don't wanna sleep just yet
Nothing a little pool Bball can't fix
Porque estar desilusionado, habiendo tantos motivos para estar feliz
Trying not to laugh out loud because my grandma is next to me..
And I might drive myself insane if those lips ain't speaking my name
Haven't been this upset in a while ..
Someone go on a camping trip with me
I'd fuck Jhene Aiko's voice if possible
Why must bitches be so damn corny.
Es mejor q este con el y pienses en mi a que este conmigo y piense en ti Cleider jajjajajajajajaj
\": I miss Cali\" Morelia*
I could use a face blunt or 4 right about now
I can't stand when someone tells me why you driving your car here and there. Are you paying my car payment every month?!
I want to be the reason why you look down at your phone and smile... Then walk into a pole
Marcus you take hott selfies
Molding minds till their opinions are actually mine.
Congrats class of 2014! Now you're freshman again. Get back to the bottom of the totem pole where you belong.
How is Taco Bell that addicting
Hannah looks super pretty though in black and white
yeah, it's not like it matters anyway
I don't even like you, Why'd you want to go and make me feel this way?
Watching a show where an adult female realizes her bio dad isn't the father she grew up with and realizing it's my life story.
Previous TF flicks were overblown, silly Big Macs w\/ xtra cheese for the eyes. New one's plodding, overlong (~3hrs!), and utterly joyless.
4-1!? Good job spurs! No 3 peat
Oooooh, new nail place in the neighborhood: not scuzzy and has massage chairs that work! Nail salon gentrification?
Fios wants you to believe that their new product is an equivalent technological leap to the invention of the color TV. I'm boycotting
Malibu Wines Safari. It's like Jurassic Park. \"You have a Pinot Noir?\" \"We have a Pinot Noir!\"
I don't trust this chick one bit
He's telling her about her bitters collection. He called bitters and soda a \"solid drink.\"
I need to work every day the rest of this summer to afford life
AQUAMARINE IS ON AND IM SO EXCITED BECAUSE MY DAD SAID ANYTHING BESIDES TEENWOLF TILL HE GOES TO BED
I wish I had a friend name Patrick so I can call him and be like \"is this the krusty krab\"?? He'd be like \"no this is Patrick\" lol k im lame
Wow you're about the most irritating person I've ever met in my life
everything just hits me at night
Ya ni se que hacer.
What better way to spend Independence Day than watching the World Cup match between and ?
perfect shot holy hell
Cuando levanto mis manos, comienzo a sentir ..
I don't smoke crack motherfucker I SELL IT!!
Im young, it won't last forever.
I love and iMessage, but I hate being on tape delay from
lmao RT: Hoes b like \" how we go eat now Redbook ain't around \" Lol\"
I bought a Secrets beanie yes god YAS
Happy Independence Day and happy anniversary to posh and Becks. 2 things to be so grateful for.
It's so cute when a dumb ass bitch tries to drop knowledge on me bc then I gotta drop what I know &amp; leave you quiet
CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD CALUM HOOD \nQOUTE THIS TWEET AND TAG CALUM, LOL
\": Fuck y'all doin?\"u better follow the female thot list.... it's going zown
That sexy goal
Watching and all I want to do is order pizza online
It cracks me up that Katniss always sits on my shoulder like she's a parrot
My wash-n-fold place started stocking the candy dish with White Rabbit, so I might start going there just to hang out.
Most people assume that when I give you a nickname its because I care about you... Its not, I'm just too lazy to actually say your name
tru friendship in new york just mean that u would swipe ur metro card for me\/split ur meals with me n buss me down
To my fellow liberals who in 2000 said Bush and Gore were the same and didn't take that election seriously: thanks for this Supreme Court.
My face hurts from smiling... Is this what happiness feels like? thanks
Spent my entire day listening to music since nobody wanted to go to the movies
Fuck yo bitch I got nt own hoe.
if ur not sleeping or trying to kill a cop in that room, ur a snitch
THIS IS SUCH A GREAT DAY
RT \": . defying gravity like no other \"
Day one and I already saw someone famous
All of my friends are 20+ and forget that that I'm only eighteen. Thanks, guys.
Nothing like sitting around a campfire and relaxing
\": 3 am feels like 11 pm what the fuck\"
Your best friend is not your best friend if she has not liked every single one of your Instagram pictures
Can't wait til Ronaldo scores and shuts up all of twitter.
Joseline Hernandez speaks in cursive
Second chances are what makes life so exciting. Doesn't always mean that it's best to provide them.
LeBron getting mvp or nah??
Griezmann looks like he's part of one direction
\"WHO BROKE THE GIT IRC BOT ITS BARFING THE ENTIRE COMMIT HISTORY INTO OUR IRC CHANNEL\"
People tweeting but Ignoring my tweets lmao
Why do you play with heart \nWhen you know I see right though you
FYI Alessia is a queen
I will never drink Paulina's pink pussy again
aw i wish i could go to the pride parade i missed it last year too
I miss the class of 2011 Leadership class
Tim Howard: neck beard champion
The guy in the kitchen def gave me extra cheese and dressing for my salad because he liked me
Hooooooly fuuuuuck. 1st time doing COKE and now getting tatted :o way to start my :P
Just saw a dude wearing a leather pant on the train in this hot ass weather. N*gg** be trippin'
I drive her body crazy\nI don gave her a little taste now she wanna have my babies
Of course when I restock people wanna come in.
It's time to kick some german ass and teach em how to play soccer !
Like first that shit clogs yo pores, and in the summer it be melting off. Then it doesn't show what you really look like.
KSJC 260053Z 31015KT 10SM FEW012 SCT160 BKN250 21\/14 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP150 T02060139
1 Peter 3:4\nNew Living Translation (NLT)\n4 You should clothe yourselves instead with the beauty that comes from within, the unfading beauty
It really is a fucking game &amp; no one fucking wins.
MY OLD ENGLISH TEACER CAN SUCK MY WHOLE DICK FOR TAKING OFF 5 POINTS FOR COMING INTO CLASS 1 MIN LATE
Tengo un jet lag q voy a morir me acaban de mandar un sms q vuelo el 26 y nose ni q dia es me quedo cn.el igloo en.helsinki jaja
I wish I was as good as these dancers on So You Think You Can Dance.. ?
shame on me to need release
2:30am walkin street of Broadway Frisko Ca
I have to babysit tomorrow...and all of the week...\nBut I don't want to.. But I do?\nBut I really just want sleep and cuddles.
I felt offended when Ty $ was like \"and my dark skin bitch know how to take dick \" like excuse me lol
Music make u lose control.....
My hitters are better than that
Where the beautiful girls at Paine ?
Just saying Dylan and Shelley kissed like 4 times already.
there's a difference if you talk about me don't try to talk to me just stand their no need to talk damn iffy girls
Time to relax and enjoy the company.
Don't worry about how I get my money
Leather pants with Chuck Taylor's lmaaao
now THAT'S how you boo the commissioner
Just me,myself,and my tv tonight i guess
Is lebron going back to the cavs??
Might be done with this job before summer tour is over. Can I get an AMEN?
What a strike!
Put your shit together asshole .
im too faded i cant even dap you uppp
Cheap people seriously annoy the crap out of me .
My dad is in LI and I'm not... Not ok
has been amazing so far and it's only just begun :)
This 5am wake up business is gonna take some getting used to.
Here's another thing I hate: getting physically sick over work. I know better.
I'm being viciously owned by bonerhitler rn
He scores with his left.....!
Le dije el tweet que puso Julian a mi vieja y a mi abuela y se cagaron de risa jajajajajajjajajjajajajjajaja pabre shulo
Fake... Working on my day off tomorrow but at least I get Friday off I guess
Good Luck national team!!!\n
Tuts died omg
Seriously, i do not understand why it is so damn hard for you to keep your word. It never fucking happens. EVER.
Don't have ESPN? Watch the World Cup on your local spanish channel.
Season finale of GOT!!!
Tbt to when Reagan destroyed everything
Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg. \nFelix means \"happy\".\nArvid means \"Forest\"\nUlf means \"Wolf\"\nholy fucking shit. favorite name ever.
I think love is beautiful too
what a beautiful day! to be spent inside...working.
Sometimes I wonder how I manage to juggle full time work and full time school with very little hrs of sleep. Astonishing.
I look different each time I change my belly ring ha ha is that wierd
YESSSSSSSS YESSSSSSS DEMPS
I'm the one to be blame
So You Think You Can Dance tonight. YAY
If you don't like America then why don't you get out!
Crowd is weak but the beats are not.
Bdubs just blew up!!
\"I would never give puss the boot.\" Referring to cat giveaways\/adoptions.
Why is lizard lick towing a show
We can't lose now, right???
2014 what ?
Where's Lance Merrifield?
I love the house I grew up in.
Btw World War Z is my favorite movie of all time.
Oh my god jason just texting me!
CLING FRICKING DEMPSEY!!!!!
Me and isaac were practically like dating in June but he made it official in July last summer :-) I was like wtf man what is this
I'm not actually American but just go with it please
Happy 2014th bday America!! ....jk, I'm not THAT stupid.
America.. where we can take over your country and win every world cup.
OMG I STAND CORRECTED! 8th inning rally
and there i am.\nleft again.\nwandering.\nwondering.\nif you still.\nif you will.
I'm not being negative.I'm speaking my opinions and what I believe is right.
\"Bachelor writers, you did it again\" - . We loved nick's \"I'm finally taking off my mask\" metaphor while at the masquerade
Stephen Curry is at Leydecker rn?
But I expect this Ambrose\/Rollins feud to be main event status.
It's not officially my birthday, until I get my haircut.
Did that just happen? . USA USA
The pain that made me.., will kill u dead..
These original glass shards fade away and are replaced by new shards that are constructed by setting. But the setting is the same as before.
Kordell just said he puts the fire out in club kordank by hooking a trailer up to his mom truck and backing over it...
Finally back in NYC after an exhausting week in Kansas City and Dallas...and then I realize I misplaced my apartment keys. Why, world, why?
You know it's bad when your little brother doesn't even answer your snapchats.
Unfortunately, there's only one time of year when stopping for gas in Coachella is cool
I must make cheese fritters w\/ honey mustard!!!!! Sounds bangin
When her pussy drier than my messages &gt;
Can't even sleep right now.. I gotta get outta here.
Greece deserved to lose they felt too entitled
Seria chevere que alguien me dijera mejor amigo :(
Now look, im here tweeting away bullshit feelings cause I csnt talk about them to anyone
But he met her from vine ?
If only I had a black boyfriend we could be seeing together at Foxwoods tomorrow
Happy international tim Howard day
Man its so hot I passed out
I almost hit this stupid dude on a bike, &amp; my light was green so if it would've been his fucking fault lol
Some people will just hate you for no reason at all. The higher that number of people is, the more you know that you're
Feeling accomplished. Lots more to do in the coming weeks. I'm up to the challenge.
Just got done with the gym time to washy hair and so something to it.
Social media only makes relationships worse.
WTF with these hamstring injuries..fucking flakes
My mom wants help but is so fucking nasty about it
Not wearing makeup till my cousin wedding
messi is only 9 years older than me it could work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can only take people in doses.
Fuck you conceded fucks that tweet wasn't about you. You don't deserve for me to fucking miss you
my best friend is the little mucus ball you be after a run
It does not feel like a Friday
Prob going to die of heat stroke tomorrow bc none of my shorts look good with anything
Safe to say me and haven't stopped talking since 8 this morning...
tu eres mi princesa Diana y yo el rey que tanto amabas
Today I told life to go fuck itself and it did
Really like the direction my life is going in
I can't keep up with all these tweets from
My family asked if my boobs were real. Hahahahaha
Austin made me the psycho i am today
i thinnk me and brittany have called every hotel in new yorrk city
Liquor all on my breath, bitches all In my sight
When does de new manga for Naruto come out doe ;\/
Got to love it. !!!
\"did he just say to nibble on? what a faggot\" -wise words from Angelique schunk
Mystery that will never be solved : how and I became close.
there are about 5 really attractive jewish boys on this flight that look like dylan obrien im committing
Nigga Andre the only person that calls me blox
I have no appetite to see anyone today. But maybe I just need a 9am drink or sumthin.
\": them old heads who be out there?\" factz lml
To the one talking to him. Fuck you. You ruined our relationship.
Really when basketball and soccer are over fucking baseball will be the one espn. I guess I'm not watching espn
GOAL! Go USA! Hahaha.
At school iPhones be like on 20% after second period like
if guys do it, theyre praised, if girls do it theyre condemned, usually by their own sex, c'mon now girls, stick together.
I'm so tired and I didn't do anything productive today but eat pizza and watch the game
Flight now cancelled until 7am because couldn't get their act together before the time pilots are no longer allowed to fly
For the guy who wasted 6 months of my life once upon a time. I'm still better than u .
So car is ready again today. Gonna pick it up tomorrow morning. Let's see how it fairs now.
Rather chill with a cat than a dog
Cosa que Odio que me duren Mucho para responder un Simple MSJ 'z
OMFG HIS NOSE
OMFG LAST DAY OFF SCHOOL TODAY!!! THANK YOU GOD
It's going to be a long ass day
\": idk how you can rekindle this, I'm a little disgusted lmaoo\" *deep real deep lmao
It was pretty cool seeing all these injuns at the game
This girl got some damn nerve
If we really knew the times...\n\nI think we would behave as though we knew what time it is. \n\nBut yet it seems we continue on in bliss.
I'm either making friends or really big mistakes
Woke up early, kissed this bad bitch\nRolled me up a blunt, then I took a piss
.so what does 1 do in this situation? release it anyway and hope no one else gets hurt? you've already been blamed for 1 incident
when I was little I was an Elmo freak I had a tickle me elmo. like that Elmo was my lifelong homie that nigga knew all my secrets.
I feel like Wondo is coming in.
is playing baby making music for real!
confession:\"Office records show her statement was interrupted KNOX was placed of the Judicial Authority\"
How do you become a filibuster? Someone needs to sign my mom up
I think I liked Just Be better than Cassy?
My brother is my best friend
Rugby sevens offense is so god damn fun.
almenos le dabas fav a mis tuits.
ARGENTINA WITH THE WIN
errrrtyybodyyy know my biggest fear is aliens lol
Im so bad with money lol I already spent half my check
So u tell me to come but your place is closed that's nice
Two and a half years later and this is how it ends...great
How you gain 150lbs since y'all been together, that's not okay!!!!
John Perkins was OUTSTANDING!\nI really think he was the best possible closure for our GlobalGrandChallenges week at \n\/
I honestly don't know how to feel about this.
Why is Monday so far from Friday, and Friday so near to Monday? Happy Monday!\n- Unknown
sentindo que o Klose marca hj
I've done nothing but text and sleep all day.
USA incredible 1st goal...
I still can't believe that my phone survived a fall onto pavement tonight with no screen cracks or anything
please God. let the West Indian alphaFemale grace us with her presence.
don't understand why people can't text back
This is the worst possible thing that could happen this early on... Hope Altidore is okay, looks like a hamstring injury.
Before you tell me your opinion I think you should know that I don't give a fuck
smh these apps that look pretty but sacrifice like basic functionality lol
do I look vulnerable or am I cute \nidk why you're talking to me, man
when you text me \"...?\" It's really not gunna help me respond to you
Idk why ppl so hype on the 4th of July
Im always reminded of what I gave up and it still hurts every time
Eso de mejores amigos ya no es como antes ...
i work at a bakery yet still prefer dunkin or starbs
Y'all can keep the memes and hate coming until y'all realize y'all team didn't win either
Rick Ross will be the first rapper to die from breast cancer rofl
LETS GO BABY
\"No like it's no problem. How can I pay for a parking ticket that I lost\" -
This $9 salad tastes like a $5 salad
The obsession with legendary lovers is real.
I risk having my heart ache so others' hearts don't. That's just who I am. I put everyone and their needs before myself.
So do I get invited to the private beta of Tavern if i was an user?
So much changing
The new movie coming out with Taraji and Idris looks like a must see
I want a bagel. Eggs. Pancakes. Ravioli. And mozzarella sticks. Oh and chipotle.
A world so hateful some would rather die than be who they are
I really gotta work 11 tho. Ima kill myself
Listen to times like these by the foo fighters and look at old pictures
How does this shit go away???!?
Passed hodge jogging on locust Ave, classic
It bothers me when I have mad respect for someone but they don't show the same respect back
I remember when you leaned in quick to kiss me, and I swear,that not a single force on earth could stop the trembling of my hand
Honestly about to tat \"est 1997\" on my forehead
\": Life is a balance of holding on, letting go, and knowing when to do which of the two.\" So true!!! What I've been thinking
Some Costa Ricans seriously just turned up lol
That was just sexy
Zuko about to fuck shit up!
I don't think I'm moving from my bed today. way to comfortable
My dad just informed me he's going to Hawaii in September... which means IM GOING TO HAWAII I SEPTEMBER.
YES!!! Sexy Beast hits a solid double. And next up at bat, my Boyfriend ... We believe!!!
Lmao Nani is so trash! Ol bitch ass!
There is no shame in waving a white flag.
Nap time :)
My Kindle died right before I finished The Fault In Our Stars. I am very very very unhappy.
Can I just meet right now please
Well good morning !
we had to record how we felt in class and let our neighbor read it... guy next to me \"stressed about taking GMAT's\" me \"I'm hungry\"
caribbean ppl are the best ppl tbh
The cheer gods have spoken and my life it complete is on. OMG and it's 14 years old .....
Everyone should just smoke pot and swim and there would be a lot more happy people out there
If Cena wins, we cancel our WWE Network subscriptions.
Just schooled some kids on the court in the Bronx so you know it's real
I don't smoke weed I smoke my haters away :)
you're a real piece of work
I don't text people to just text unless it's madison or Kacy... If I text u I prolly have a question or wanna hangout, texting is do boring
Ready to head back to Charlotte!! Anyyyyyy day now!
People be hatin on anyone just tryin to Flex
Italy game tm got me nervous
\"Tell me why I always fall for your type\" smh
The only plus of the creepy old men at work is their contributions to the tip jar
SO LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS GOING TO BE A MOVIE AND I'M SO OKAY WITH THAT. OKAY?
my aesthetic? that cool purple glue that dries clear and boring and then loses its stick
A lot of rich old men... Alondra would love it here!
Happy not a father, day, oh and happy Father's Day to my dad.
when I'm not with you I lose my minddddd give me a signnnnnn
You never know why a person is the way they are until you dig a little deeper.
I got that Sunday night, Sunday night sadnesss
I'm all dressed, ready to go and I walk outside to my car then I realized I left my keys in the house, ahh.
If you're an adult and your eyeshadow has glitter in it .. LOL you fail
Fuck jenny boom boom shes such a weirdo. For all these years i thought she was black for the way she talked, i googled her... SHES WHITE WTF
Nice way to begin your day
John Bobbit: An Unexpected Journey
Trying Joes Crab Shack tomorrow for the first time, is it good?
HOLY SHIT I SHIP ZENDAYA AND SPENCER SHFKFKF
I think of you so often you have no idea
\"Getting married at 22 sounds a lot like leaving the party at 9:30 pm\"
a man just walked up and told us that hippos project their poop onto other hippos who lost in a fight by propelling their tails
Pack a lip and crack a bud heavy.
I need to go back to retail this super market life isn't working out for me
Because that's always a good idea.
I get to spend the 4th of July at good ole Hannaford
Dear God, please make me a bird, so I can fly far, far away...
Can't sleep and gotta be up at 6
When have I ever let my mom tell me who I could and couldn't date? Never and I'm not gonna let her start now.
There's a fan dressed head to toe like Teddy Roosevelt and he's winning the
Yeah.. that made 0 types of sense
omfg i just tried it on and i even think its too short but thats kinda my style
\"Spinning webs\" and I got caught in the trap
I get mad at certain things but I get over it quick because I know life goes on
Are there any current events \nor politics that I should write about
Bosnia is on the board! This game is not over.
i'm too busy with school and making this money to worry about a childish ass nigga. please, grow up.
somone talk 2 me, im pretty gucci
We get it
Even my sister is getting buck rn
I'm thinking of just going to the gym &amp; just after that sleep
I dont understand why i even like you lol
A nigga feelin some type of way rn
I think I know what falling in love feels like because holy shit can I please marry Marcus on the bachelorette
I can't believe it, I fell in with the bad nuns
HOLY SHIT ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!
just saved and from drowning
Love walking around downtown manhattan in nice clothes and holding a Starbucks bc it makes me look like I know what the fuck I'm doing
Why is Brian Wilson playing for Portugal?
Sad to say it but my friends have made a bigger impact on my life than my parents have
Remember when I thought I could sing?
Messi's goal was so cliche
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine
She give me IQ, that mean she give me head
My morbid curiosity is serial killers and always has been. They're totally fascinating to be completely honest
He will hear tf outta my mouth if the bitch is younger than 18 idgaf nigga you not catchin one not on my watch
Moms nagging cause I have too, any blankets on my bed.... pshh idgaf I'm comfy
This summer program is so messed up &amp; unstructured that it's making me actually look forward to leaving.
Let's go watch deliver us from evil
2nd place at the 5k run, sweet
Everybody else surprised I wasn't surprised
Lol black twitter will be very funny and animated tonight
This whole state smells like weed lmao
Driving back to PA this late was okay until I hit a massive backup on 49. So. Want. A. Nap.
I've picked my dance choreography song and it's perfect
You think I give a fuck if you're sorry?
broken nose but that doesn't stop him.
hold the ball and make chances
But how now with you having no phone lol
YOU A LAME NIGGA AND IT AINT A SECRET
\": I don't know where I'm goin. But its far away from here.\"
When you get the choice to sit it out or dance, I hope you dance
Im A Nice Ass Nigga To Tolerate What your doin
Sleeping in a big teeshirt with no pants on is the best &gt;
Been talking to wifey in Spanish for the past hour I don't feel like myself lmao
Espero la pizza del dia sea algo decente
I luuuuuv drawing skulls, roses &amp; eyes.
If i cant vent to u..we will never work..
I wonder how many people go to , get told they are no longer serving breakfast, and just leave.
cool story: my mom stalked 2 cute boys for like 20 miles today in our car and then they told her to call them
QPONY.PL learning from the best in Silicon Valley
Does anyone else want to watch Bend It Like Beckham and eat ALL of the Indian food?
106 today.... What the actual fuck!
Omfggg what a fucking shot!
Niggas still not cutting the tag off they trues??
Look forward to attending Women's Leadership Initiative event on today!!
I hate all those Fiat 500 commercials. They are pointless. Please stop
I'll never be able to see anyone that used to be part of my life as a mistake because they taught me a lot when they left
I have that Or Nah song stuck in my head.
my phone cord is like 5839944 miles long im uncomfortable
Today you are fortunate to be alive. You have a previous human life, so do not waste it.
Not my fault, hella surprised what my dad told me.
\": You remember when you was a little ass kid in the car seat listening to e-40\" nah my mom was slapping ludacris and usher
DReading 2.0 happening NOW. get over here.
Some of y'all some fake ass spurs fans
I made it bitches I'm officially in the air force now! My life is set and I'm on the road to happiness so fuck all you bitches cuz i made it
One more grueling night in
We need a water break
Goal goal goal
If your tryna be a man strap on the gloves and get in the cage, otherwise stop acting tough and keep your bullshit to yourself
It's no companies business that I use birth control. Btw it's not to control birth but other things, no you can't think of that can you?
my sister has the worst scream on rides
Not entirely sure what happened but one moment I was about to go to the gym and the next moment I was waking up from a nap.
I'm in full on rage mood and I wanna punch shit
What I really need from my app right now is for it to tell me if I should definitely cancel my BBQ or nah?
Where are you doing zooky? :( :(
Listening to Drake so I can get into my feelings.
Yedlin made that goal, super sub
NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED TO BE BACK IN THE BAY
Nice 12 hour work day, finna get loose tonight.
The second Raw Cypher is life
I dont plan on sleeping tonight.
Just as I suspected, I cried watching fault in our stars throughout the entire movie
I wish someone would snapchat me a booty picture
WHY DOES MURRIETA HAVE TO BE SO BORING
Someone have a with me
Ghana playing dirty AF.
I don't care for Greece or Costs Rica but damn this match is intense!!!
It just accrued to me that Rose Dawson left her heals on in Titanic, I bet if she took them off that girl could have swam better!
ISO of boyfriend with pointy features
haaaaaaaave ya met ted?
I like how I come home to sit on the couch does anyone wanna hangout? Or do something?
Dead had headphones in my ear for a good 15 minutes and no music playing didn't realize till I heard Christian snoring loud as hell
We need more ball possession, can't let Ghana press!
a mistake is no longer a mistake when you make it over and over again
Still in pain but what else is new
Chicken Caesar salad from La Botega makes me hate the world a little less
My mom is going tf off on the cable people. Like smooov off.
Feeling numb is such a contradicting feeling
A little regents prep before I go to sleep.
I need to change my twitch color but I dont have a pc. Its light orange and I either want it blue or pink cuz thats my favorite color
Now all I need is 6:30 to come here
Glantz: if possible, find someone else who is more comfortable and willing to talk.
G-Eazy new album has some real great songs.\n-Eazy
What's a Ronaldo
or fireworks with mom?
Hope this place don't fuck up my eyebrows
These people need to get I'm not in the last anymore , wtf
Switching sides and rooting for just because if they scored now it would be AMAZING
Shot gun time with blue light not that shit bud light
You say don't wasted this life seek it\nSome drink it away, the ones like me watch it away with movies but your tired of us wasted it away
This chem bouta be LIGHT WORK
Like I'm so ready to move out of here
Comin in your house, fuckin your bitch on the couch, stickin my dick in her mouth
Who would actually like to hangout for the night?
Lmaooooo omg they do look alike \": Bo Dallas And Bray Wyatt Are Brothers\"
I wish Black Twitter was a real person that I could kick it with and bring on trips. Hilarious.
And that's only the beginning
The spurs tryna make a statement
Sometimes people text me and I'm like that shit belongs on Twitter I don't have time for this conversation
Yo lo que necesito es un mercedes,una meru o un buggati.
Goal right now
\"Stiles has been training malia\"\n\"To have feelings\"
If I had my way, you would give in to me and you'd be here next to me and you would tell him to leave
Regalame una sonrisita con sabor a viento
That goal was super quick
None of my belts fit. Too skinny. Damnit.
The Starting Point Of All Achievement Is Desire.
HOLY HELL THAT JUST HAPPENED USA USA USA
At a Japanese restaurant were you have to take your shoes off! Always something new in the city!
Common sound like a poet when he speaks
When you finally stop playing, noone is going to remember you GTAG in irl. Js, kids now put too much time into being \"good\" or \"known\"
I need new people to drink wl
I could bike and find them faster than y'all can drive
August was looking at her titties you think he might hit
The way way back... typical but somehow awesome..
Can Leonardo dicaprio just propose to me already
Thigh gaps are not something to die for ladies... ass is good
Yeah. I ate all the Nutella.
Vanessa: oh you're sunburnt! And you're peeling! Can I peel you?!
IM A BOSS ASS BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH
Lil homie Steven be posting random shit on Instagram like 20 times a day lmao
when im with you, theres no place I'd rather be
Walking downstairs and talking to the boys makes me feel old..
Cardo is still one of my favorite producers.. his sound is unique. You gotta love that shit.
I made the first 24 now I have to teach CPR to doctors today they have to listen to EMT ACEVEDO or not practice medicine lol
If Boyd Crowder had a Twitter account he'd be me. I like big words and I can not lie, other accounts can not deny..
America is ready for football now
Diner food has never tasted so good
Butchering sheet music to put it together so it tells a story, sounds good in your voice, and is only 16 bars is hard work
My heart just skipped a beat because so many SF's. :)
Looking in the garage and seeing our bikes parked next to his badass truck and my new blacked out Eclipse... Yeah.. Perfect relationship
If doesn't do another USA pump-up video tomorrow I will be thoroughly dissapointed, brother
chiefs always on the hunt for bitches
I'll be 20 in a couple of hours...
Ralph Fiennes is the most perfect man
trying the new Starbucks grilled cheese it ain't bad
Last time was a sack of 50lbs of brown sugar. Lol ay dad
Yo why they playing that new kids Bop on my block
Everyone's studying for chem and I'm just like whatever if I pass, I pass and if I don't, fuck it I'm going to be a house wife anyway.
Does anyone remember what the coin3 login is?
I think the worst possible thing is when a popcorn cornel gets stuck in your throat... for hours
Why aren't i on an island rn that's the real question
I will gladly give up the nickname laser to jones after that goal!
Once a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world
This nigga Conrad at my interview it's a Dubb for me lol
.\n\nNo quiero que se valla de mi lado NUNCA. \n\n &lt;Luisa'Fernanda&gt;
There is now offically less than a week of school thank god
If I get a serious boyfriend sooner or later I'm going to delete all of my social media. My business will not be out there for people to kno
Cannot wait to squeeze the cuteness out of Megan
I'm only friends with Lauren bc no matter what I'm hysterical laughing
Can't wait for the MITB ladder match. Seth Rollins is takin it. spoiler
Dear OPRAH, and all of you following , it looks like I have been loafing,\nBut not so , I applied for the final patent on the device ,thanks.
Suppose I can put all my clothes back on. my goal celebration got a bit outta hand.
sometimes you have to forgive in order to be forgiven
playing NBA Street 2 on the OG xbox. feels good to be a winner at something haha
I gotta plan this road trip to visit sharmane in bama this year
Confession: I judge people who use the terms \"bae\" and \"turn up\" seriously
Good music never has an expiration date
Jones fucking ripped that
At least Campbell found the energy to run up to the ball on that PK
Wtf do you do when you only wanna talk to one person all day?
LOVEEEWFBFSS GUYS VOICES WHEN THEY ABOUT THE FALL ASLEEP
bitch had uh pastrami around her pee hole baby that's uh repo
Karagounis has the edge here. You can't spell \"\" without \"GK\".
So anyways, back to not caring.
I really gotta disappear for awhile
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Posted tons of pix from on my instagram username jujubee1122
De La soul \"Ring, Ring, Ring\" hay how you doing....classic track
On the J train aka the projects on wheels
Lebron I'll totally understand if you leave the heat.
An apt description of what kind of fish I am courtesy of my friend at a bar last night: \"She is a blue fish. Or maybe an ill tempered tuna.\"
TELL EM BOCHY!!!!
40 year old virgin is on my night got so much better
HELL YA JONES!
can't you see that everybody goes through the same things at different times
Getting real sick of underwear and responsibilities
The six degrees of separation definitely exist
NYC noob question: what's the average ConEd bill in the summer for a 2 bedroom apartment with A\/C?
Already bought a tank top for today so fuck it
The moment where i dont have anyone to text
I have no words for last night because I dont remember a god damn thing lmao fuck me
Start voting with your wallet today, and vote with your Vote in November.
Still got my England flag in my window at home, feel like a right twat
Seriously why do girls have to be so fucking rude. It's not okay
Soooo I'm like 89% sure the cuts on my knees are totally infected as fuck.
My heart goes out to the Greeks :( What a match though. This World Cup has been a crazy one.
Sending Smiles and Love
I WISH I WAS FAMOUS SO I CAN AUTOMATICALLY GET A FOLLOW FROM MY FAVS!!!!! &lt;3
Couldn't find Fodor's guide to Madrid at the bookstore so I got Hodor's. It's kinda repetitive.
Anyone want to join me on the fields are welcomed to (eastern lower turf)
Stuck in ghetto Jamaica for 40min...
: in the city, the sequel to critically acclaimed with and
Maybe I'm over.thinking all of this but I'm pretty sure I'm not
I've been called Bots so much I hardly respond to Jake anymore
The most exciting part today so far has been eating a sandwich...since I didn't eat for 20 hours before that
What I ever saw in any of these people dosnt remotely compare to what I see in you.
He just called me kiddo.... I think this almost \"thing\" just died.
Y goooaaalllll de la USA papa
So good to see and at the game tonight....
I feel soo slow I'm standing here trying to figure out what GMT stand for Lmao
ID came boutta go check bro
Have an awsome evening remember no one can judge you except one our lord never let anyone steal your happiness
hey myles i have a secret to tell you
Que haria yo si alguna vez dejaras de pensar en mi
Need some serious changes in my life
he says no \nhis homies say whatever he says \nlike wassgood w\/ thiss ?
Omg goodnight moon goodnight dog goodnight world see you in like 15 hrs
Chick fil a run in pennsulvanya text me if your down !
That was a fast goal!!!!
i hate when bitches say talk is cheap , cause im the type of nigga to let my money talk for me.
Are you serious?? Whttttttt HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH THEY SCORED ALREADY??? Whatttt???!!
That's code for I should have been asleep 5 hours ago I have a job
IDEK WHATS GOING ON IN THIS GROUP CHAT
We should be whuppin SD! ! WHAT'S UP ..CAN GET PASS FIRST ???
I AIN'T EVEN TWEET 'BOUT MY NIGHT
Straight off the plane
like some of you act like you're going to the Met Gala in custom Dior or something...
You can mute a nigga on Twitter? What's mute? Lol
Out with Sosa in the city bout to get high and eat empanadas
Thought I was Watchin the
\"I bet you're a really good catcher...Of doughnuts\"
I have so many random pictures on my phone
I hate when the giants face a pitcher for the first tim. Ugh.
Sometimes you beat the house, sometimes the house bills you for the $780 hkd they over paid you, three weeks later.
Finally!!! USA!!! 1-1
Someone take me to the beach
I need my phone line to be on, Now that theirs a job in my hands
Love me harder - Ariana Grade ft The Weeknd
I don't like you fuck off
Ghana you scumbags
While all the spiritual people have told me that they HOPE I will eventually find my path whether it be religious or spiritual
From all of us to all of you, a happy and safe Independence Day.
Lol it's like every holiday is purposely ruined for me
Downloading I Wanna Marry Harry episodes
Fuuuuck , i do not wana start this classssss ... ugh , i got hellla shit to do today.
You and tequila make me crazy.
She workin' hard like she tryna get a visa, The way she twerk it I just might pull out my Visa!!
Ahah Ronaldo eff youuu
Someone come with me to get sushi!
have some work to do
Can't wait to go back to puppy.
I could start a black market with the amount of Southwest Airlines honey roasted peanut packets I've hoarded.
What does kill you makes u stronger
There is definitely a new episode of the tonight right? Because that's the only thing that gets me through Mondays
Mom please dont come thru drive thru and act like you havent seen me in 6 years
Congratulations to Hasidic Dude Riding His Bike In The Bus Lane on winning today's David Roth New Yorker Of Distinction award.
Hearing \"Wanna hot box your car?\" Is music to my ears
Birthday Shout Out to my best friend. Have a good day and turn up.
Is it that hard to be there for your Bestfriend that's ALWAYS there for you no matter how ridiculous the situation??
mad talk but can't do shit
I know exactly what I want.
Working the cafe at work is not my favorite. I ate so much food today.
I hope one day you get your karma for all that you put that girl through. You're disgusting.
Sunday, Sunday Sunday! I get my fix on Sunday. Thank you in advance I'm stoked!
ah, how I love a twisted sense humor
Si hay donde, pues se hace.
I wish my parents weren't badass when they were young cuz they always know when I'm scheming
I remember watching videos on youtube and to see how big he's gotten is amazing
Becoming a yoga teacher means I have to carry lavender oil and a yoga mat everywhere I go. It is law.
If you don't know anything about a sport, don't shout nonsense.
It's either super hot or freezing in my room. No in between
\": Kaitlyn Antoniadis better watch herself from now on.\" BEEEEeeffff
I wouldn't sweat that shit . You do much better with anyway. Fuck .
Finally something of truth coming out of Stephanie's mouth. That briefcase ladder match stole the show
Do people post blurry pics because their phone sucks or because their ugly? Both are tragedies. but seriously your pic is blurry
In NJ. I hope Chris Christie doesn't close the highway.
: \"Money really does make people happier.\" madness
USA vs the 1990 Pistons
\": Haven't left my house pretty much all summer and I have no friends luv life\" s a m e
TIME TO SHOWER
Sleep just doesn't seem to be in the cards tonight...
We can make this story better, make it last forever.
I just need a bad jawn who smoke and can hang with my fam and not drawl when I'm doing me and I'll get over the bitch
at least i have plenty of margarita mix for tn
Bruh the fact that once 12am hits I won't be able to eat for basically a whole day is really killing me
My girlfriend just told me shed breakup with me by cutting off my dick cuz\"she wont need it anymore\"
Quiero sentir tu cuerpo en la cama.
Spain... What happened?
I'm not going to survive this game.
Instead she blew bubbles in my face while sitting in traffic
You know, I thought working next to Panera was gonna be the best thing that's ever happened to me...\nit's not
Fuck Britto and his fake ass art
..... them dots are for them thots
Why are these thoughts coming to me rn....
School in 7 hours imma just go get my homework and leave
Subbing is for Dayroom niggas. If I wanna know something imma @ you ..
I need an older person to vent too, they have history.. They would know where i'm coming from
Quit fucking with them lames right now
The things I saw at will stay with me forever
No sorry that doesn't sound like me, Wrong horoscope.
\": lmfaoooooooooooooooooo we thought we were on bad girls club\"deadasss !!! We thought we were tanishaa
Follow Me On Instagram : LilShadyLady \nHelp me Reach 7k
\"Mommy? How'd you meet daddy?\" \"Aww baby I sucked Ray J's dick on camera\"
CLINT DEMPSEY CALL YOURSELF A CAPTAIN.
981 how many boys did you friend zone
Mike Beasely just trying to get signed Next year lol
They're shooting it too far\/high
except this one manager named peter who is literally a huge fuckass
Im deadass lookin ugly as hell
no sleep till Brooklyn
Here let me help out Mr. President US sends 1500 marines expeditionary unit to Jordan to assure our allies we are committed to our partners
My bangs are in that awkward growing out stage so i never know what to do with my hair.
Cnt be mad it's how da game go\"
Expectations lead to disappointment
Best quotes to say to someone when their annoying: stfu, kys, gtfo, bitch pkease, gal.you and or nah?
I just want Beckerman to full on chokeslam Ronaldo and then mess up his cute little hair
I fuck shit up then i left .... BOOM just like that
I don't know what to do
So my dream job May or may not be to be an escort. Or a drag queen. Or both.
It's gon take her a while but you'll get it.
If she ain't natural, I don't want it!
Keystone XL process requires 'patience,' U.S. ambassador tells Canada
commuting home drunk is so much better than being sober. I knew happy hour was created for a reason.
all night I've been called ugly and fat &amp; I know it's true but I've just been laughing when anyone says it
Tambien en cine y en teatro \nme dice el control remoto tu mujer me ve y se pone en cuatro
LeBron didn't even come all the way up the court that time
If he eliminates , most definitely. RT : navas &gt; ochoa, maybe
I don't think I can handle the penalty kicks
.satan is real and he's going to rub his balls all over your pipe cleaners
IT'S TOO HOT UPSTAIRS I'M GONNA DIE
Wow... Detroit just cant win. Smh
did u know that \"brill\" is short for brilliant?
Oh So He Tweeting But Aint Call Me Back
Ronaldo...swing and a miss.
never really cared about what people thought, fuck makes you think I'll start now?
Shout out to my new followers and. thanks for the follow
Oh at Kim kardashian dancing in
USA USA USA! DEMPSEY SCORES IN 32 SECONDS!
Just letting everyone know I'm not going guy searching on twitter .......
Beartooth had a lot of potential. They were looking to be one of my favorite metalcore bands until their released their album.
OMG. Remember when he was on Zach and Cody!?
What a great NBA Final 4-1.
I want to have a group chat about some real life shit like some deep convos
Guys it's 2:16am and I can't fucking sleep and I have to wake up at 5am tomorrow (well, technically today).
I need to learn to give up on people instead of giving them chances all the time
some people over exaggerate themselves just to gain friendships
As an old lady once told me \"USA USA USA USA IF YOU DONT LIKE IT GET THE FUCK OUT\" lmaoo
If August Alsina ain't my favorite artist right now, idk who is.... he is just perfection in music
Nothing more American than rooting for Roger and Colombia today.
Apparently hot dogs are some post-show ritual. Tad and Steve both grabbing a ween piece at the Stone Pony during DBT.
wait why are u drinking at 7
Penalty kicks in match and I have no power.
If were gonna go down in flames lets go out in a blaze
I see you. Whoever just drove by my house. I see you.
feeling like a side hoe rn...
Tell me I own it, tell me it's all me
Cruisin' down the street in my 6-4
I just want my back scratched until I fall asleep.
Where the fuck is everybody
Just because I ask for your opinion doesn't mean I care about it. Sometimes its just nice to know.
I I I NEEDD TOO KNOW UH-UH YUH
It's ugly af when girls put too much mascara so then they're eyelashes end up looking like broken spider legs.
Patty with a team-leading +10 tonight.
\": Report: Cubs' Jeff Samardzija rejects 5-year extension worth more than $85M.\" How could this surprise anyone hahaha lol cubs
What are you trying to say dad
I kinda really want to meet my Twitter followers in real life and then quit Twitter forever.
I love Keke Palmer but her dress...
Yo se que se puede Argentina!
I JUST WANT TO GET MY NOSE, BELLYBUTTON, 2ND PIERCING &amp; CARTILAGE PIERCED!!!
Kelly is gonna go ape shit today
It's a bummer when an artist sounds terrible live
Cod at 1 in the morning I'm a champ
Now a days people think your crazy because you care to much smh . . .
Off for the next two days, which means ima be drunk for the next two days
I'm about to put on my old green puma lime green soccer warmup so I can sit on my couch looking like
yes we have problems going on rn, but it doesn't fucking mean you gotta go tell everybody and their mommas.
I just wanna party , I don't wanna hurt no body
Manu wants that ring
I have been tweeting like a faggot these last two days I deeply apologize
\": I am reminded daily on why I don't want to be in a relationship lmao fuck that\"
Is that the devil in your eyes?
I'm getting pho for lunch and I'm excited
It seems like everyone owns a dog nowadays.
It's black or white, never grey
I do nothing but make myself sad. I hate me
Idk y this tweet is getting so much attention
Can we talk about the bizarre usage of the Curb Your Enthusiasm theme song during that pre-match segment?
I wish someone would just adopt me, I can't live like this anymore
started watching orange is the new black \"Barbeque sauce all over my titties\" I LOVE TASTEY
I'm not even surprised anymore
It makes sense. Nash is from down south so he probably has drank beer. Carter has a bad boy look. So he's gonna smoke whatever.
\"better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.\"
closed - what the???
We need jozy
I can't fuck with ppl who aren't straight forward. Just say what's on ya damn mind sheesh
Lets go merica
Lmao I got banned from that happy hour Dique by
Ask the same basic question about the Northrop Grumman lunar lander challenge and the answer is pretty clear.
My bio is spiritual and better than yours
If I am not number one in your life then I can't be in your life Period.
Reasons I wanna start kick boxing.
does anyonee know when the buses come
2 beers was just $27. Now I feel like I owe my car a filled gas tank to show responsible priorities. ..
Omg can't believe I'm graduating high school already
Did USA score a goal? I couldn't tell
When i take my vitamins i become such a happy person
I'm still joe it was a joke but thanks tbeveryone who cared if you didn't you a fake friend now I know
Yes I have water bottles and clothes on the floor of my bedroom so I might as well be worshipping satan or killing people and be just as bad
I want Wiggins on the Sixers by this time tomorrow night. I want nothing more than that
watching the first episode of south park im so weak right now lol
Did anyone actually watch my whole snapchat story?
Hot girl to word tweet 50 retweets 60 favorites so here's my 2 word tweet \"cactus rape\"
Before my 91 year old grandma said \"what's that thing that you do when you want to take a picture but you want to be in it....oh a selfie!\"
Want to go fishing again before I leave
If you cross me guarantee you still gone envy me in the long run.
Chillen with my day 1 bro
I was described by someone in my tv comedy class a coupla weeks as and I've been living on it ever since.
Highlight of the day is the mom of a patient who looks and talks like Emma Stone! OMG! I almost fell in love. Almost.
can make your mind free and relaxed.\nand sometimes creative.
fuck ya Murica
If I ever get mad at you to the point where I won't talk to you and you want to fix it just buy me my favorite candy
IF IMA TELL IT THEN I GOTTA TELL IT ALLLLLL
Even doe were still a team
I just had a dream Cindy was alive.
Can I read the maze runner trilogy rather then the four summer reading books? Thanks
I love shitty corn holes around my tongue.
colombia and uruguay are playing on saturday im so nervous
If u ever think Jess singer subtweets u , she dies
There is a lot of BoP bellyaching after the - like, a lot.
se claro se escapo jajaja
After 3 full rest days from my 70.3 Sunday its time to get back at it. Legs a feeling better and ready for some miles.
And that's a warning to you you know who you are you follow me
Cleanthony Early &gt; Michael Jordan
\": I also carried a gorgeous girl from UCSB too bad I got too faded to remember her name :\/\" hey that counts. Add her to your
This entire series was horrendous. clearly didn't want it as badly. need major changes or needs to bounce.
Sapo morem statusin kandidat. U miratua!U rime .
Dimitrov needs a new sneaker sponsor. Wonder what would have happened if he didn't slip so much in last set.
Fuck this flashback friday. All about fun filled Friday
free jody jo. yanno my ass broke U gonna catch me up on tha pole havin yo nigga beggin me 4 Moe, while he checkin in that doe
The only thing worse than being told you're hungover is being told you're sick
I hate when i ask my parents to do shit days before it happens, &amp; they give me a answer the day of like wtf
But I still haven't seen 22 jump street or think like a man 2 KKKKKKKK
So I watched all World Cup games today followed by NBA finals going my way! Great sports Sunday. complete.
*eats everything in sight*
Got the zipper on my leather shorts fixed just in time for pride.
The bougie elitism is real.. Shocking and makes me kind of sad.
Dream the night away with the
Wtf am i going to do tonight im already off work
\": Gotta deal with a whole bunch of drunk Colombians today fml\"Lmao we good though its Guna be too funny when they loose
Bye boba2go I won't miss you, hello Krispy Kreme
When being a grownup isn't fun: medical bills, dental work, all Monday mornings.
Man, take away just a few of the A's great plays and this one would be up for grabs.
don't worry, i'll keep out of your life and stay awake at night
Ante Up by MOP is the greatest song of all time.
Tempted to blast Bruce throughout the house...........
You the only reason I keep Coming home
Finally in bed... Now when will I fall asleep?
Everyone should have common sense and know that beyonce and Jay z ain't there.
This guy: \"I deleted you off snapchat\" Me: \"It's okay you don't really notice when over 100 people watch your story\" Wow I'm such a bitch
Well, I'm Going To My Bed &amp; Lay Down In My Bed With My Two Cats
it never goes away, the thinking
Please somebody call me and meet up why me
I can offer lightshows in exchange for letting me stay with you in Vegas
Dear person who left a broken beer bottle in my lawn: MY FOOT IS BLEEDING THANKS
Just checked in at &amp; I must have done something right. Got \"bumped\" to king concierge room. Now if I could just work the keycard!
I just want to be left alone. Omg
Girls will do anything to try and take what's yours.
The last thing I wanna do is go to fucking work.
Losing it in the Barnes and noble cafe rn
Angriest lifting session ever=best lifting session ever
No one wants to see your gym selfies
I need too leave in July, please god, let this go throughhh
Justin: \"will someone tell me im cool?\"\nme: \"no.\" \nthis is a good night
overheard by at \"put on maroon that shit is solid gold!\", comments\/concerns?
Brilliant! Totally unexpected! . Now hold on to this!
Good night peeps, I've been working on a lot of music, hope to have some new material for you soon!
Joey Gatto hates me pass it on
Te invito a que te abstengas de reproches si todos mis defectos ya los se
My own sister didn't retweet my happy birthday wish to her. Ouch.
What if something else happened and i couldn't get out on time?
the best things in life come free to us
I want some balenciagas now, since came out with haha
And this is why we're friends
That wouldn't be classy, lol -.-
It's so sad how fast people go in and out your life
OMG 13 year olds in friendlys talking about the people they've hooked up with SOS
Give it to the bum \": 3 pieces of pizza left and I have no more room. Wings are all gone tho.\"
I needa get this house clean ! \/.\\
Baby I can take away ya paaain
\"I look like an amateur stripper, I do not look like a cop\" -
Wait till Joseline hears this lmao
Saw two great Broadway shows, Wicked &amp; Cinderella. And Swan Lake at The Met.
Idk why but I'm so tired
finally bikini body ready jk fml
My parents have NO idea what they're doing with this gps and they always assume its wrong and turn the opposite way just because.
mom always asking why I'm not very social when family comes over
quero saber onde esta meu amigo fuleco ???
I don't care if you have never watched or played a day of soccer in your life. If you are American you need to watch the game tonight at 6
There will be no cooler experience then watching the vs game at a bar in Switzerland and sharing a drink with the family
Watching endless love by myself while downing ice cream.. I'm pathetic
Why the fuck does AT&amp;T keep tweeting me?
That sorry attempt of a cross looks like me with a 3-iron.
\"It ain't just an ice cream, it's a King Cone\"
I'm addicted to you\nDon't you know that you're toxic?
Baseball is not relaxing -- -- 3 more outs for the ages
Tbh though I just need to charge my phone so tell me where to sit for the next 6 hours
someone tell me how the fuck a bitch catch feelings for a nigga who has a girl . you go in as a side piece you leave as one .
They should only make yoga pants in a size medium or less.
New Wave vs. \/R2K up next!
THE SECOND CUB IS ON MY ROOF
Jelq Boy Industries.
I did not know that's what a Karrueche Tran was until they put its name up
No but really..who tries to bury a car in the middle of the woods...dumb fucks.
I'm already used to California weather.
The air smells like jasmine tea
\"The internet went down again. Everything stopped working\" - my wife\n\n
The purge is so stupid so far only because they keep doing really stupid things
Jabos take on Florida, part one.
Im going to enjoy my time in modesto comin out there on wednesday
Should i watch One Tree Hill rn holla at me
I got crossed eyed for a second and got pretty scared..
My motivation to do anything is at an all time low. I just wanna take a nap
And Im that crazy white boy
I really want to get a job
Happy !! We are open until 3pm for your convenience :-) have a safe and happy weekend
Having a break between jobs means being productive like unsubscribing from bed bath and beyond emails
Taking your vitamins with wine is good for you, right?
so you know how brown girls be spending all their time getting hair removed off their face lol im not cuz who i gotta impress\n?
God is love.
Love euro futbol but i'm rooting for my peeps today ! 1:0 in first 33 seconds! Always over achieving!
I'm about to throw this internet box out the window. Useless piece of shit. YOU CRAP OUT NOW BEFORE I HAVE TO PODCAST?
It's nice when you actually talk to a positive person versus a negative asshole
I'm happy because I made my self happy duck everybody
It was a much needed vacation, Newport Beach for the 4th of July? Most likely haha
Hold the phone! Cute girl on the course!
Everytime I tell someone to let me hit it they laugh lmao fuck y'all ion shmoke no way
I definitely talk about food too much. I'm going to try to stop.
Let me get rid of some dead weight
At Yankee Stadium!! Ready for this game tonight!! Yankees vs. Red Sox GO YANKS!!
\": Oh how ive missed my own bed\" Lmao
Wish you delivered
Beto forgot how to move his legs there
Worst information of my life an I got to try to keep a smile on my face
So fucking bored but my car is taken away
gave my lil brother a dollar for a swisher and him and his friend are trynna dip off with the blunts... nah i'm regulating
Its not good to rush shit ... once its rushed its ruined
Hoping tomorrow night's dinner isn't cancelled. Again.
Bubble bath + white wine= cure to a 55 hour work week
I've never been so happy and inspired and wanted to change the world more than I do now.
I want to be in my room making hot dogs but of course I missed the ferry and have to wait for the next...
Lesson learned from this weekend - let go of anything that doesn't make you happy, make you stronger, or make you happy
I question every part of who I am
Got pulled over again...got let go again...
Only 4 days of work... I can do it
I hope I get a morning shift july 4th. Probably won't though. Gonna get murdered for Half price shakes that night aha
just realized I won't be able to see and 's videos for 7 weeks and I'm having a mental break down
Potter &amp; I have a little way too much fun at work
Me and Having a likeathon on IG ;)
This game is abouta get super fucking interesting
You know its a good night when your not wearing a bra
Posted with the bro dragon a boy swiggin
Can't stand still forever without paralysis
To walk all the way home, or to just sleep in the car like a hobo....
Love is an open doorrrr. Omg fml not again.
now that ass getting fat
Great to see the on tonight! Drove by the today in - need to take in a taping soon!
Joe listens to smashing pumpkins and and nirvana on a daily basis that makes him so 'alt' you guys
Pay day has never felt sooo good
I like when the doors of an elevator actually close when you press the \"doors close\" button
Tex Message sent off
this cheesecake is bomb dot com
...needless to say I paid a toll at the Saugerties exit, and parked at a diner for 20 minutes to figure out how to handle the situation
Summer kinda sucks bc I don't get to see all of them everyday
...hors doeuvres at him from across the room when he wasn't looking.....just kidding the last part
Tbh I am feeling so hard tn ima announce it on twitter
I love the heat, I hate the cold\nI love the shade, I hate the sun\nDo you see my problem?
subs all on my feed
\"For a smart person, I can be a real dumbass sometimes!\"Ha!
It actually hurts. Congrats
LBI, OCNJ, and WW all in one week yassss
Like I promo but I'm not an asshole about it
If this nigga don't stop using emojis in every text we gonna have an issue...
Don't b tryna kick Dempsey in the face cause he got a 30 sec goal
Literally started pouring out of nowhere. I can't see
JERMAINE FUCKIN JONES!!!!!!!!
It's a quarter after, and NY State Senator Bill Perkins hasn't shown up so the meeting is starting without him.
\"Before you try to explain I'll be zipping up my suitcase\"
Dreu&amp;I got drunk, lost track of time &amp; missed 22 Jump Street.Saw the Fault in Our Stars instead &amp; I was sobbing like a drunk girl at a party
Lebron gave up. He will never be the GOAT.
Ghana tryna take out Dempsey
I've been looking for an answer for a long long time
Let's go audition for The Bachelor
Son when would come sleep over and we would connect the play station and plays sims lmao
CONCENTRATE USA!!! CONCENTRATE!
Wow that made my day
lol after I gain a follower I always stalk their pictures..
Heading over to . First\/last stop before .
So carnage apparently is a ghost producer. Who would've known man
Well now that thats over maybe ill be able to get some sleep
I will never understand how the world cup is entertaining for the life of me.
Fourth of July weekend finna be litttt.
Cuando peru vaya al mundial me vale pito a congelarnos a rusia he dicho crj
OMG. I need frosted flakes rn.
The Spurs just dominated man
Cena got a much better reaction than I thought he would get
New riiipsss. Stoked I got a chance to work with this band, they're killing it.
The whole movie for y'all. Get the party goin lol
Dad: Let's go to northern wearing a Brazil Jersey. \nMe: are you trying to die my nigga
My snapchat is full of adds that I don't give a fuck about
Im a sad girl, I'm a bad girl, I'm a bad girllllll.
kk is the chickenshiznatttt and I am so thankful for having such a nifty bestfriend
do you wanna build a snowman
I've been up since 5:30 what the heck I just want sleep
Dropped my phone into an entire cup of beer
Dave Chappelle is still the funniest man on earth
Also, has anybody ever heard of the \"WNBA\" I think I said it right.
Hay dias tontos y tontos todos los dias.
I usually don't care about for rain but today it's really making think a lot of things over
I wish 2pac was alive so I can hear his opinions on modern day rappers\/Obama\/Trayvon Martin.
my neighbors inside lights are still on are they ok
Shoot shoot GOAL!
The Brooklyn Nets unveil the plans for their new Hospital for Special Surgery Training Center in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. \/ via
but its ok because I went to the Met also :)))
If doesn't tour the US I'm going to be sooooo upset....
it was only a matter of time before he started irkin my nerves... *sigh*
Today is a fuckiiiiiing jooooooke!
Goodmorning thank god for waking me up this morning
My aunt told her coworker I thought he was hot and he goes laughed &amp; said \"I could tell by the way she looked at me\" DAMMIT IM CAUGHT.
We just charge you like $2 to park in our field and eat food I mean come on all the money goes towards the raffle prize and a charity
I'll never trip off of anyone\/anything that isn't mine.
Dear giant fly in my apt. Please use the window I opened to exit, instead of flying everywhere BUT the window. Thx.
Just finished Illusive by . Lots of action, super powers, and crime. LOVED it
Yes yes i do get jealous
In the new realm, only is \"teachustoloveforgoodnesssake. The podcast is becoming .
Ever cry tears of joy before? It's a powerful thing
I have watched this dumb bitches \"boyfriend\" get with so many girls. Enjoy living your fantasy you dumb whore.
Party in the USA was my jam back in 6th grade Tbh
I luv youuuuuu sooooooooo much plz follow me I would just freakin scream out the top of my lungs
Wus Good\/Curious | Party Next Door
Sitting my car in front of my house bc I refuse to go be home so early
What a goal!
Don't be a cloud on a sunny day
Well today should be fun, let's see how it goes
'K' instead of okay is not okay for me as a man.
Park st, you over hear many conversations. \"And then he just busted on my face and left\" was something I thought I'd never hear until today
Who is awake on this fine morning\/night?
Just found out what a press powder is lol.
omg I need baking soda rnnn
How is it not the most obvious thing in the world that guys on the bachelorette don't like her they just wanna be popular lol
Birthdays in a few hours lmao so weird
Compay es para hoy :)
Bueno este se Jodi.........piiiiiiii a penales
WHAT THE FUCK IM TRIPPEN OUT OHMYGOD
Bey has clearly snatched scalps. That intro to Partition ..... Life altering.
Can I be ? I figured I should ask first
I get followed by gun, game, porn, gay, and parody accounts.\n\nCorcoran locals too.\n\n
I HAVE NEVER SEEN A SHOW WHERE THERES SO MANY DROP DEAD GORGEOUS GUYS
\": I feel like riri tonight.......I'm sending nudes to my fav followers!!!\" I'm sure i'm 1 of the favs..hehe
Lovin all these new episodes of shows on Disney channel
Happy 4th everyone, does everyone have their respective drugs ready?
I wish it was socially acceptable to go places in just a shirt and underwear
\": Crazy to find out who someone truly is\"
I always have to do every thing to make things right, always having to sweep my frustration under the rug
Welcome to new Atlanta baby ..
Optimus Prime didn't defeat COBRA so we could lose to Germany. \n(Sorry, last one.)
Aye momma ik the weed man \n\n
Absolutely not ready for the result of this whatever it is
There are so many beautiful places in the world that people won't get to experience because they're stuck in a cubicle all day
No WONDO. NO NO NO.
I tweet alot of stuff when im bored .
Greater is he who lives in me
Email away message on. Hello week off.
My house is so quiet and lonely and I hate it
Hessam is like joe the plumber and next to john McCain. Because he can see?
I leave for Arkansas in 4 hours
Omfg so many SHOWS TO TONIGHT I CANT PICK WHICH TO WATCH
It dnt even feel like the 4th doe...
omg I'm brainwashed my Australian friend said her friend was coming over so I said \"for a picnic\" and said \"what no why\" and I go \"THE 4TH!\"
Also, it isn't mean-spirited at all
Atheism corrupts morals by using academic Disciplines such as science\nBut did you Know some early Scientists were Believers?
Love playing FIFA durin the world cup
Home charging mad slow and he gonna call me soon
When I get where I'm goin' there'll be only happy tears
i wanna be involved in music and what not but where the good shows at
\"The CIA has nothing on a woman with a plan.\"
Oh and 2 shorts ... You know everything she really doesn't need.
That's why I'll never ask for help I do it for you niggas and do it for my self
I forgot how vicious the Mosquitos were here....
Phillips: In his Nat'l Archive search, also found info on experiments done on vets, like placebo lobotomy.
Everyone is on mute right now oops
Hit me up for a quickie
I don't even know anything anymore
Just reflecting on how much can change in a year.... Like last year I hated lobster rolls and this year I live for them.
Had mad fun at splish splash
It's 6 am and I'm already aggravated
Heck yeah man !!!!!
bruh i think i might actually try to start eating healthy
When the girl you're pursuing got that one fat, cranky ass cock blockin friend they always bring with them when you and her meet up &lt;&lt;
My god white, he in my pocket.
Eso no es mucho tiempo, no se porque dice que si.
Badness me use lock the road
Beyonce don't even got time for the BET awards
Luis a fuck boy for rubbing it in
Boom clap you make me feel good, come onto me
Car salesman hitting on me at Chevy.
Jason Grilli traded to Angels for pitcher Ernesto Frieri
I found some awesome music tonight
U say ur searching for somebody that will take you out and do you right.\nWell, come here baby and let daddy show you what it feels like~~
Today I found out owns shorts. You think you know someone.
MY BABY BROOOOKS
Doctor who premiers the day after my birthday. BBC loves me. &lt;33
Its been a week today since my best friend left me alone and broken in this fucked up world ....
No better way of making up.
Landon Donovan should stop complaining. It's unpleasant and sad
Lana del ray pisses me off...
Today I walked around New York City for 8 hours. Yes 8 HOURS. Safe to say my feet are sore
love love love the choreography in this musical
Melo eyeing Chicago. Be ready for a long, looooooooooong rebuild fans.
Not giving a fuck is the new black.
That bend doe
Rooting against for partisan political reasons is just about the dumbest thing I can think of.
I've gotta get out of here\nCause you'll never want me back
Also, all I want is a cleat cleaner.
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
my plan for the night is to get so drunk that she thinks i'm a boy and gives me a back massage
Man on the treadmill next me wilding
im really bout to hop on my ps4 im bored as shit
How do ppl do the fisheye on snapchat ?
I think \"I'm sorry\" is used so often everyone forgot the meaning of it..
what happened to salt and pepper ,partners n crime , gina and martin
3. The A's won so life is good. !
this fuckin zit on my forehead is ruining my fuckin LIFE rn.
I AM GOING TO SOUND LIKE A DYING WHALE &amp; MAKE A FOOL OF MYSELF ON STAGE
Feel so disconnected from the real world and it's fab
everyone is always busy like wtf it's summer.
When i most need you youre not here...
Why the fuck am I hung up on you
Had my attention. But you fucked that up
\"the best defense is a fence\"
i swear these hoes made me numb !
First time with Allentown was great almost passed out but fun
&amp; my family when I have my own.
\" someone please apply to the dining hall with me\" ok Lena
Jade talk like she been pimping niggas all her life
me &amp; max gonna be lookin FTD today
Coming soon to my channel : Tro vs fate the final battle !
I need to be more tan
Wooowwww did I really just lose my 21 id.... Fuck
Chillin w Hal, Al &amp; Al. Or is it Al, Al &amp; Hal? Or Al, Hal &amp; Al?
ran out of gas on Jericho literally a quarter mile from a gas station
Working on a Sunday while sick &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
The men in black took you from me
Stupid face looking so perplexed, seeming like it was caught in a hex. Does it make you feel all right? Did they make you feel all right?
Morning lift then a little US soccer
Okay well I guess I'm gonna go to the mall by myself you assholes
I could go for a hug right now
they stare at me while I crave you
Someone keep me company so I don't fall asleep
Nothing annoys me more than when someone expects you to be okay with something that they wouldn't be okay with if you did.
Didn't make it out of high school ain't no shame in me
Holy shit I got moved up to zone 2 on delta....what have I done to deserve this honor
At least the mall closes in an hour
Era p chegar em ny 21:30 e so cheguei agora, blzz
usher and pharrel both drinking from the fountain of youth
$ virgonourry $ yay we r both larry shippers ! friends ?
I need something to do for the 4th of July
Alg has me crying
WHAT A SHOT
Also, for some reason that no one is sure of, is absolutely terrified of 's sister
Idc how comes. I'm getting wrecked Rangers home opener with and everybody
Wilson's campaign slogan was \"He kept us out of war \" he made USA join the war
Thank your crazy fucks with guns cause that's why you live in the USA today not Britain
642: haven't seen you in forever! you were such a beast at soccer, &amp; always happy I miss you gorgeous !
mac keeps me company on lonely nights
\"I'm letting you go Lexie. That means you gotta walk away.\"
Another goal for USA!!!! Let's go!!!
Honestly, don't even know what to do right now. Crying all day. Have a pit in my stomach. I wish this wasn't happening.
It's better when you don't care
Lmao how bosh ain't mash that??
Can someone tell me what bad pussy is tho .? Lol
Someone needs to pinch me cause I'm watching Tim Meadows perform improv. This can't be real life.
I saw all us gays, lesbians, bisexuals get together and go to a gay bar!
You learn something new everyday about people. And all the things you learned already...just get put into perspective.
I wish every Monday was this amazing! Feeling refreshed, productive and excited for everything to come
I AM LOSING MY MIND
This 5:30 cardio and lift was a great idea
Each exam I take is one step closer to being at ZBB
y tu karma sera stalkearme hasta el fin de tus dias.
Cod ghosts&lt;shit on the side of a toilet
Why does everything in my life decide to go horrible at one time
I hate my natural hair. Gets hella poofy for no reason :( wish I had wavy hair D;
Scores best goal in game. Gets yellow card a few minutes later.
I own Bitcoins, therefore I am.
USA scored?! What are y'all doing
Just burned 724 cals &amp; did 150 squats. Excuse me as I crawl to the shower &amp; cry of happiness\/pain
Random question but does hair spray really work?
I have been confirmed \": We've got a whole lot of maaaann in Belgium don't we? \"
This nigga burg said if I was you I would scared of ya shawty the way she went in ,she mean business
I do crazy shit like this \"often\"
Day 27 of our JUNE 30-day exercise challenge done: 30 minutes on home stationary bike + push-ups\/sit-ups.
My man Clint Dempsey!!!
How much distance do I have to put between us until I forget about you.
every evan peters fan is watching phil of the future rn
I get how kids end up not knowing there dads. I dont ever want to put her through it but I am so tired of the disrespect. It's killing me.
I recommend you get your eyebrows done at this place on the lakeside plaza on iris
me encanta no saber nada de ti en dias, en serio me encanta :)
Why did I not see last night omg
Omggg I want a tuna melt
Win or lose we're gonna see some vintage LBJ tonight. I'm calling a 40 point game
What a rebel
Country rap music is actually not sin(30) bad. Get it. Cuz sin of 30 is 1\/2
My phone now corrects \"vice versa\" to \"vice versace\" lol
USA USA FUCK YES LETS GET SOME PARADE ON MAIN STREET
That might be the 5th fastest goal in a World Cup history
Lol I love when you sing
No social Media for A Week. Challenge accepted !
Really happy that my family clapped respectfully and didn't scream like savage animals when my sister was called
Can't wait to be in Myrtle Wednesday for 7 days with some of the best ladies I know. It's gonna be one crazy week.
no way spurs are losing at home
\": Missing you really does suck.\"
I feel hella cool slappin KAM while were driving it's so pretty here
I feel so bad for my dog. He can't even sleep with the stupid cone around his neck. ):
Look at the shit we are calling love these days. Smh
75% of my camera roll is animals or vs angels
Midtown traffic is the fucking worst thing ever.
Must go to digitour SF to see jack&amp;jack
I'm gonna try to go next summer for suree
Biggest pet peeve: adults with short attention spans. You're not cute or funny. You're just rude.
Coachella next year is a must, looks insane.
de tempo ao tempo eu ainda irei conseguir.
Met a group of lourdes girls on the E train. I guess you never really leave Miami...
Aka*Great Gatsby and Romeo and Juliet
I need to learn when to shut up
I don't think she quite understands what that means..
\": \"If you can't remember a chick's name the morning after, just call her 'beautiful.\" -
I talked to one of the players today. He says \"Josh Huestis brings lockdown defense and knock down shooting\" to the .
Cantar y que se te enchine la piel, no por cantar bello, sino por recordar algo bonito. Pero que ni te pelen pos yolo.
\"No matter how bad things get or how good, they always come back to the middle. Regression to the Mean.\"
One of my clients has one of those doodle pro pad things and he keeps drawing dicks
Honestly the water pressure was life changing
Quiero decirle bajo a Boca a alguien ;(
I had a great weekend, one for the books
Dancing to La Bouche in the living room. I'm gonna be your kids' favorite auntie.
I still have a feeling. Shes the sweetest girll
Our minds are probably in sync
Came to realize no one knows me, or will know me ,Or will take care or me, or will sit there listening to my problems &amp; comfort me like him.
IM NOT EVEN KIDDING IM DRIVING MYSELF INSAANE
Beto couldn't even movee!! GO USAAAAA!!!
I like to cough on Anthony. Js
I want to move outta state for a bit, just to experience things. Then move back to Cali cayuse duh
Finally today's work day is over!!!!
I just consumed ridiculous amounts of La Rosa
Don't know who tf she talkin too
Wanna go home lol ):
I hate when I think someone wants to talk to me and it's just twitter telling me someone favorited my retweet
Time to start my next show.
Just watched . It was so fucking funny
Why was I born July 3 why couldn't I be born July 4th ugh damn you mom couldn't keep me in another day
this is the part when I break free
\"Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.\"
\"If you can't handle the heat get fucking wrecked\"
Can't wait for my party tomorrow night, I hope it's gonna be a lot of fun.
I think I'm Tina in Bob's Burgers
Lauren Davis def. Alisa Kleybanova \n6-1, 6-2 in the 1st round of .
\"First of all.... I don't do First of all\" -
mayb we can talk about the way non-marginalized bodies take up space in body-positivity. or just pretend that jennifer lawrence saves lives.
I can't wait to stay up till the time I wake up for school :)
Giants game tonight w , my Bay Area ambassador. About to get real weird AEKDB
I love getting all dolled up.
Wow Ronaldo sucks
Yepp the sneaky bitch took it, had to wake her up that was scary.
Thanks to fleshlights you can now have sex on your iPad.....bruh wtf why?
Cosmo just suggested that women should read \"50 shades of grey\" in public as a way to let men know they want sex.
Thank you for these super awesome, extremely thoughtful &amp; dream come true tickets. I'm dying of happiness!
Its okay i got it i got it i got it
My body hurts. This is why I don't go to the gym. It just hurts me. That's silly. Why would I pay to go somewhere and hurt myself?
grab your girls ass in front of the niggas that want her
We were meant to live for so much more and we lost ourselves
How can I sleep if I don't have dreams? I just have nightmares.
Decided I should start obsessing about headphones for a while again.
So looks like everyone is a Messi fan now lol
Never ever will I regret my decision to get up and move away from home but damn I sure did have to grow up fast
Finally some redemption for Tyrion.
Tried enjoying this beautiful day by eating a nice lunch on my patio only to get harassed &amp; forced in by bugs trying to steal my nice lunch
I'm not cut out for this life
Do It To Ya sounds better sped up slightly but it's still the slap
Starting the Fourth of July with a Walking Dead marathon.
Suite life of zack and Cody is on c: I'm down ha
I need a puggle in my life
Im hot 33 sec gool
I'm done trying to be friends with your ass
Eu queria tomar um sorvetinho antes de ir embora mas gastei todo meu dinheiro em vinil
Just wish my mcm would text me i want to talk to him
hav u ever looked some1 in the eyes n ask them what u mean to them....n see them cry for u? what a morning
OMG I'VE NEVER FELT MORE PATRIOTIC
Apparently loyalty was too much to ask for
Carter is actually my best friend. If only you guys knew.
Crying my eyesssss out!
Forever thankful for not having a hangover today
Not that I didn't understand it before but now I truly know why driving a wrangler is so much fun
Damn this game went to pens
What the staff are accused of reporting that landed them in prison should be followed up by journos worldwide -
Loved you until now we had dreams of getting bigger man.
Omg bloody nose .
Dempsey scores in the first minute!
PICK IT UP PORTUGAL LETS GOOOO
In solidarity I'm wearing every bit of American flag clothing I own, and playing Toby Keith for the public to and from my classes
Wao *-* y porque yo no lo seguia
Feels so good to lay in my bed
I don't know what to think anymore
Marcus obvi didn't see my goals
Goddamnit, where did I leave my old navy american flag shirt? Heh
Lol you're cut off nigga foh
&amp; is crazy cause as soon as you fall back they crawl back, saying they sorry &amp; want it all backkkkkkkkk
Gonna turn up tonight wishing he was here for that kiss but nah shit happens
Heading home to F-mont after a weekend in SF.... back to suburbia
Working that 5 to close tomorrow hell yeah get to sleep the fuck in
The days I believe in miracles are the days my eyeliner is on point
Katy perry needs to give writers a raise asap
I'm hungry but I'm too lazy to go downstairs :(
Mais matche bi Dina nekh en tt cas
What would you do if you had a second chance with your first love?
Got a leg up on the competition, lookin like Captain Morgan
Half way across the planet, and all I want is food
Clint Dempsey scores 30 sec into the match.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! USA! USA! USA!
I just want to have blake lively's hair please
But what would Lauren Conrad do?
.is always a good idea.
Tight jeans double D's making me go waow waowww
Stupid ass evening formation. I need sleep. Lots and lots of it.
Slappin sizzles new album shits a banger
not having headphones at the gym fucking sucks
I wish I could read minds.
Never will forget sophomore year omg
I get home and papa ces wifey is parked in my spot..
\": I love \"
gotta wake up at 6:45.. living the life
Moody writing mood. No real life human contact for a few days.
*watching Reba with mom*\n\"you know, me and Reba could be friends\" \nYeah B? Tell me more
Stressing right now don't know what to do
You females love showing your nipples in every ig pic huh? Is this the new trend?
I wish I could show you these pictures.
Tied up son!!!
I'll never understand what goes through your head
I fucking miss Stockton.
bish if you want a burger, eat a burger! bish if you want a french fry? eat a french fry
I can't believe I'm wearing a jacket in the middle of June!
Honesty .. Bosnia &amp; Herzegovina played better than England, and against a team like Argentina and that attack.\n\n*Gives Standing Ovation*
SPANISH DANCER BUZZ LMFAO
anthony got kicked off my Netflix and idk why but that's said
don't tell me i'm a heartbreaker, cause boy my hearts breaking.
I'm getting so many snapchats rn &amp; I'm naked so I can't reply to any of them lmaaaao I feel bad dubbin them.
No one has all the answers. And sometimes the best we can do is just apologize and let the past. Be the past.
One of the most humbling experiences is looking up into the stars.
\": Life's a bitch and that bitch in love with other niggas\"
Really hope Jozy's okay, but that looked like a straight-up non-contact hamstring tear... Which would put him out for the tournament.
\"does kim kardashian know what literally means? -Casey
This is where the game compares to the boys and the men
The fact that mom asked me if I would be snogging anytime soon
I know my boy is going crazy right now
Wish i had someone to take care of me right now :(
So many fireworks by my pad
Also did you like the new Haikyuu?
ALL I WANT TO DO IS TO MEET THE GUYS THAT HAS BEEN THERE FOR ME IN THE BEGINNING IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR?
Words can't even explain on how I feel right now
Anyone who tells you you can be in a history book and have a stable love life is lying.
They said used to always say I couldn't go too far alone, but now I'm here bitch -Eazy
Sorry for the pettiness I was trying to tweet through it lol
ok imma stop bragging but tonight was lit
everytime I post those things im over it like 2 seconds later lol delete
I love you babe! I wish you could come to pride with me!
Hey gRul I have mighty ducks 1, 2 and 3 on VHS..
Jaja, bro este man no va a decir nada. Le gusta como Ecuador se quedo en primera ronda.
agreed as written on twitter, the Americans deserve respect! They don't! You are elected by the people in case you forgot!
He was exactly like the father from the movie my big fat greek wedding, who sprinkled windex on everything.
So let's live each day as our last
That should be a red card high kick!! Ghana beating em up
.thank you so much for coming to and for the meet and greet (just now) YOU LOOK AMAZING I AM STILL IN AWE
Night swimming @ my beach again later anyone?
Mom why are we in the Bronx?
I feel like I'm the only person left without a tattoo lol
I really just need my grandpa to get better now
Happy B'earth Day to you !!! May your beautiful heart,creative mind, &amp; warm spirit continue to be blessed as YOU ARE a blessing.
his face was priceless
Killing myself just thinking about how early I have to wake up tomorrow morning
must be nice not being stupid.
Going to the beach for Keelan's bday. It's a good thing I have a spanx brand one piece bc I just ate 10 mini corn dogs
Dont disrespect me
\"People were still getting their beers, Ian\" hahahahah
Success Is Not Final, Failure Is Not Fatal: It Is The Courage To Continue That Counts.
the breakfast club is for pussies
Do I trust you ..? YES Do I trust these snakes..? No, never !!
Ice cream from the carton because...it'll make everything better. Right?
Howard cst un monstre
Ummmmm ll cool j is at my table =]
I will it's finishing up turning into a file
we jonesing right now
why is my brother posting pics of balls.
I saved a life that day. \n\nDavid's phones life to be exact.
President Whitmore does more In 2 hours of Independence Day than Obama has done in 6+ years
Always remember there was nothing worth sharing like the love that let us share our name
I want peanut butter ice cream
\": I've been crying for the last day bro.\" The passing of ever hit her hard
is one of the best games in the apps store at the moment
I might just pay for a porn membership..the free shit all the same
FORGET EVERYTHING YOU THOUGHT YOU KNEW ABOUT CATS
i like pressing down on my bruises bcuz it feels good for some reason
i fucked sherane and went to tell my bros.
I wish I could just tell you...but youll hate the both of us
So what's poppin off tn
Does binge watching Scrubs count as clinical experience?
Ain't nothing going to Break My Stride .
40 and Jeter's still killing it
I love coming home, mainly because no one laughs harder at my funny comments than my mama
Ghana don't blow this for me
Then today I got a call from The Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory. I have an interview! Maybe I can get two jobs!
What a fucking goal. Let's gooooo USA
.= most honorable companies! I got a bad batch of cream. They refunded me the price + more and shipped another product!
I'm really missing first half of the US vs Ghana game. Smh
Long hair ain't nothin fake
Ok ok I hate to say it but you got me World Cup...
CLINT DEMPSEY!!! USA WERE HERE TO FUCK SHIT UP
Im on a quest ... To find me a girlfriend ..
Hi my name is GinaMarie Ghigna
What's good for tonight?
Don't drink don't do drugs I'm straight edge
I should prob get out of my uniform now
Happy Republic Day! Mis amigos hacen que sea uno seguro
Yay for the awesome night with
\": Hey guys i don't give a fuck about the World Cup. You all are bandwagons.\"
Someone hang out with me today, my mim bailed on me hahaha
Why does Gabriel take forever ?!
Took the longest shower and the game is still on
I wish I could describe how much you mean to me. But no words seem to add up.
why would I go outside right now anyway the TITANIC IS ON jesus christ
nobody is not obligated to stay around
The worst things are the ones you can't see coming
I dont care 10 years can pass from now and if he comes back in my life best believe ill drop everyone for him
DID YOU SEE THAT !
some of y'all males b acting like females gotta cut that out
And also I was turnt up at one point
people who talk about shit they don't even know anything about are annoying af
-Gabby Wilson baby face, woman voice
how the king of New York rockin open toed sandals with jeans?
I miss Sarz so much wow where the f is my bff
Pharrell is high as fuck
Everyone go to the street fair so u can see me hand out flyers for pinnochio !!
Update: Hobby Lobby win on ACA suit.
I'll finish the pancakes tomorrow. It's too big for me.
Manu you are a disrespectful person
3 games straight that spurs score with 20 points come on man spurs is the most wisely team. Definitely schooled heat team. Lmao.
Clint Dempsey!! Goooooaaaaalllll!\n
30 fuckin seconds
Are MacBooks actually worth the price? Help mee
At LGA-- breezed through security (TSA PRECHK is great), even got a \"Thank you for your service\" when I showed my Army ID, plane is at gate.
8. 3 things on your bucket list?
Each of my stuffed animals have their own memory so I pretty much just have a bag filled with memories and I have no shame.
Everyone needs to stop judging people and acting like you know everything about them when you don't at all
I'm just sayin you could do better, tell me have you heard that latelyyyy?
The irony of eating leftover shrimp fried rice while waiting for Octodad to install is not lost on me.
Smh, she don't listen
I need gas so I can just drive places and be alone...
.how many days will you be bothering me with your pet issues?
How tf is Yerba buena out of wax by 4:30???
i KNEW that last meme was gonna happen lol
Jozy \/\/\nYou're my \/\/\nSource of most frustration.\n\n
Electric broccoli trimmer with detachable non-electric cauliflower trimmer.
Honestly I can't wait till fall so I can leave my windows open before bed and it becomes freezinggggg
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Why is it the moment you have no smile something is wrong, but when make it obvious your hurt its normal? :'(
Waiting for yesenia has to b the worst
the only good thing about this morning is that I woke up next to Kailey
I hate that Alize doesn't like country . She said \"were not in Alabama turn if off\" like wut
It's funny how bed should be a safe place but you're most vulnerable while you're sleeping
.I caught the tire plague
Since i am too freaked out to sleep I'm up watching sad movies fml
When I get hungry I start to regret food that I threw away days before
ya be so quick to tyb\/tyn but let someone do that to you, you wanna catch a heart attack.
Just watched shoenice eat an entire tin
If people want to celebrate the win, let them enjoy, don't be a hater about it
Why do I feel like this
looking forward to this ride home, view at night is surreal
I want to make a sunflower bow
She took me high, then she took me home.
Huntington Beach tomorrow again with the cousins.
I haven't ridden in a Pessoa saddle in so long
Beyond happy that I got to see Garrett today
If a niggah knew me that well, I wouldnt b w.who he givin advice to about me, Id b w.him.
Although I want to destroy my body, rip open my skin, and pay the consequences after my actions, I can't bring myself to do it. I hate it.
happy 4th of July enjoy get turnt up and be safe
I get confused when bow wow goes by his real name.
This loud ass boom of thunder just woke me the hell up. Thunder, why do you have to do this??
Si se pudo , si se pudo. 3 - 1 saludos y bendiciones. A todos. Amen.
Bought my I am ticket. First time buying a ticket without a set plan.
I wish my new day job was you.
The total lack of surprise in response to \"I'm a personal assistant; he's a financial planner\" like it's peanut butter and jelly.
I never realized how many songs I actually liked from Aloe Black
Twitter needs to let me write more so my verses aren't all bunched up
Omg you know when you get that happy feeling rly deep down in your stomach and you dono what it is but you're just happy
that kid got a yam for a head
He's so punctual when it comes to eating time.
Just coming to realization that the song \"this is how we roll\" is about weed.. Makes sense
As much as I detest Canada, they always seem to make good indie films
I really do have some fake ass friends
I love when twitter becomes a debate. Time to grab some popcorn...
with you I'm a beautiful mess.
LETS GOOOOOOOO JERMAINE JONES!
I could've struck that better than Ronaldo
Pokemon E : Pikachu's Con Edison Electric Bill
I'm tired of apps, I'm tired of one night stands, I miss being with someone. I would like a relationship
Sitting in class on a Friday night... Yup. lol
Kills me everyday... but whatever
My bed is the worlds most comfortable thing even though it makes ridiculously loud noises
I never thought I could hate EVERYTHING about someone till you fucked up our friendship.
Because that's what everyone needs first thing in the morning is a 900 calorie frappachino
My dad asks me questions about things that go on in my house..I just got back home I don't even know what day it is
Ariana is turning 21 in just 3 hours can we all just take a moment because she's not going to be 20 anymore im getting so emotional
1\/2 New Kindle fire ad where Kindle fire owner hits on customer service person during live video chat. \"I like you\" What is Amazon selling?
145- hey idk you like that makes you gay but nice bod
So many ignorant children with no clue about the culture and origin and meaning of house music in line for Avicii. Smh
You've never pulled the curtain on what we have build it will alway be me and you against the world yes we've had a lot of bumps but we...
Today is fucking bullshit and a half
I think wins for best snapchat videos to me
\": Can't wait for this weekend with my bro \" HANNNNNNNNNNNNNN
THATS WHY DONOVAN IS MY NIGGA LMAO HE BOLD AF
I would love to see us draft Sam Reinhart on Friday. But ima just pray we don't draft him cause well most likely trade the pick
Spent 4 years crying about how I hate school and now it's over and I'm suicidal
I used to hate staying in with my boyfriend (when I had one) but that's all I want now. Movie nights with snacks and wine. sad girl.
When I was younger I use to get dumb ass mad when I had to wear dresses
Hate when ppl take a jobe serious like wtf it's a joke
now I've seen too. solid.
bought a mophie cuz apple sucks apples
Nigga Wish He Was The MothaFuckin Mikey Man
Raven doesn't know what the World Cup is....
Im mad im STILL the bad sister after graduation
I guess I'll just smoke ten more cigarettes til I figure it out
Math is so hard I swear I can't do it -___-
Nothing else needed. would you care for some more breadsticks?
Can we please sub on John Brooks &amp; Mix Diskerud
Clinical finish by Justin Faust of Argentina
Crying over the tiniest things because I'm THAT tired.
Hoy tambien ganamos con viva Colombia
or I could just buy 100$ worth of huff socks and hide them in my room
Whew my shot is real right now, playing a lot pays off. Making sure I'm more than prepared for open bracket.
I know I ain't slick that's why I don't try to be.
I didnt mind having my ig public .. But if u just gonna search for me 247 u minus well follow me nigga
My young buckle is slaying girls in Rhode island
And breanna has ditched me these two past nights idk what that's is all about
\"I hope we still talk &amp; hangout next year even if you become a whore\" why did Dylan write this is my book
Not even sure what to do anymore
Woke up early to watch the game
Disgusted on how artsy I just sounded - I'm sorry
my parents are complaining more than I am bout how bored they are
Happy Birthday to the best country of all time
Lol. My dad and I thought we were on the same train. I didn't even know the train came. Too busy customizing my unicorn
The is coming up. Who's in?
Is B still having a bbq wensday?
What I love about my jeep; everything what I dislike about my jeep; the gas millage
Can the Moto 360 come out already?!
You moved into my house and you know you're not welcome but you think you can have a say in everything I do how about you eat my ass bitch
I've haven't worn a dress or heels since 8th grade if anyone falls it will be me
Making the switch from lifetime to mountain fitness is the best decision I've made in a. Dogs age
drunk in love got this one
No Vaya A Decir Que Se Subiien los Brios
\"Eligible bachelors, I'll be your kitchen is you'll be my chile, if you know what I mean.\" -- at Green Chile Kitchen
Haven't been to the gym for 2 weeks!
O'er the land of the gluten-free.
25% of American mothers wish they never had children
