If Costa Rica loses imma b very butt hurt tbh.
That moment when you're afraid to call the bank and hear how much you spent last night.
benzino is actually surprised athea fucked steebie???\nknowing the type of dude\/chick they are???
Online shopping is how lazy I am
Golazo de Messi
I just wish you downgrade after me.. Then I'll feel better lol
my eyes have been watering all damn day
Don't matter if melo go to the lakers the west is to strong he minds we'll stay on the Knicks .
Seeing dmb in Toronto tomorrow spontaneously so I'm happy right now!
I have an addiction to soda... haha
los gritos de hoy no fueron nada normales
Three C's: Champagne, Crystal &amp; Cake
Jack was able to throw her out cause of that pardon lol!
fangirling bc on the phone with tim fishy
Edible fucking lube
\"Julia let's have a sleepover\" \"ok you can sleep on the floor\"
Anyone else wanna get in this group chat about life? Lol
I usually answer back embarrassingly fast. Because my phone is always in my hand when I'm not at work or with someone.
A small leak can sink a great ship
I'm in New York again bishessssss!!!!!!!
Tyler's dog scratched my lip and it looks like I got herpes
Corporate America is evil. I'm in my of office listening to people's sob stories and feeling bad but I'm required to obey policy.
what is there to do today ..
Not only did this nigga call me Belgian, this nigga said \"Belgium\" smfh
As They Say Maybe Next Year
Why can't everything be like its it was before that day
I've been without my friends for 5 minutes and I already feel separation anxiety
Teddy Roosevelt in the crowd????
Spark a blunt and blow that smoke in her pussy
Hate when they get too attached to me.
Hermanos venezolanos el socialismo del siglo 21 no es lo mismo que el chavismo que Uds viven, sino miren mi pais con Rafico todo marcha bien
The only time I like being home is when no one else is here besides me.
I've seen way too many jean vests today lmao
I'm that bitch ass teacher that you'll kiss ass too ..
Seeing Ariana Grande next week. I'm gonna convince her to do anal. Hopefully I don't pull out her weave while pulling on her hair.
ow oW vagina cramps
This dad was playing hide and seek with his daughter and he ran upstairs. Cheater.
Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat Kat
You need to cut that bitch off
Bouta go on some real cold hearted shit
Happy birthday hope your day is
When people tell really long stories for no reason. I will give you THE LOOK
In the worst possible mood ever just knowing that I have to be at work at 3:00.
Decided I don't wanna speak to people so I deleted that thing haha
.Hope you're having a great time!!!
I can't omg no fucking way
Anyone have extra graduation tickets. I need just one.....and ill buy it from you. Please DM me if you do
This is why I don't like coming out if it's not with SB
The Purge Anarchy comes out on my birthday im so excited omg omg
I'm just saying it's fine by me if you never leave and we can live like this forever it's fine by me
Ima start watching dexter and breaking bad
Just scooped that PSU football season ticket.
My skin is so sensitive. I can bump into a chair and have a big ass bump, wtf
\"She got a big fore head \" - me \"there's more room for jizzing\" - anonymous Lmfao
gotta start tellin my mom i love her more than i have been lately
The last four things I've tweeted have deleted them selves what is going on
Had I known I would have left for the weekend how fucking rude can you get.
I just need some time by my self and that's it
Im too bored lol
AHH so excited ill already be in NC so I can make it to design my night 2014!
Some time in 2012, airlines decided they wanted armrests that don't move up on their new planes p
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks\nNo game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you dudes at all
No I'm ok I have curry chicken on the way.
Dope and trill need to stay in the past
Fuck bitches. Give me a fat slut who cooks and does dishes.
I'm pretty sure this girl went on Tumblr, took a bunch of sentences from pictures and strung it together into a speech
There is a child in my mind running in circles crying out \" where is my wi-fi\"
Can I skip all this high school bs and fast forward to college
Time and a half to sit here and watch frozen, I'm ok with that
Summer barely started and its been fucking awesome
I wanna go to bed but can't
who wants too get scooped by me and britt to go to the fair
I believe. That we will win !!! I believe that we will WIN
I feel like it's so much earlier than 8:21
64' Brooklyn gets another Freekick just outside the box. Salvatore Barone takes the shot but it goes right into the hands of the keeper
The rain in Spain fall gently on disappointed fans. Is the S in Spain silent. Ouch.
What the.... Is Busta wearing?
full metal jacket followed by born on the 4th of july. fitting
Big E sound like a Preacher
What a goal Jones
Missing the Colombia game for work, once again.
Yezzzzzz we're Ghana win !
I need Molly to yell at me to put on the mayo
I just want to eat rn.
Great start id say!!!
are we talking about joints? (runz)
doing some skeet shootin'
My dad just printed out something that I wrote for English in the sixth grade that was saved on the computer. I threw it away.
Ima violate the next person that asks me what channel the BET Awards is on -_-
so luis can mention chachi but not text back? kkkkkk
I guess I'm going to pride again.
I will not let the devil win..all you hoes some devils
Like no matter what, at some point in everyday I'll get a text or something that just HAS to piss me off
Playing draw something because I don't like you. Bye
Gay Pride Weekend makes for the absolute best people watching
If Remember the Titans doesn't make you weep uncontrollably then you're wrong.
fuck Newcastle brown ale, the Belgium soccer team and their god awful waffles. Sucks to suck and not to be free like America.
Just wanna be down the shore already
That's the fifth time I dropped my phone on my face. my lips are swollen.
I'm surprised I haven't like, you know, got one off and its been more than a week knowing my ass. I wonder why :\/
I need a movie where some serial killer is going on a wild killing spree not some straight couple in love.
love that man i would do anything for him .
Future lunch dates: We will be eating where we can watch the World Cup.
Who's trying to go to the lake tomorrow?! I have 3 open seats
if it leads to something \": Is flirting cool?\"
Ideas are easy, dedicating 5-10 years of execution under uncertain outcomes is hard
With Wade playing as bad as he is and the Heat missing three pointers like it's their job, I think the Spurs will win tonight
Rarely get political but re: , will the next case block HIV meds to be dispensed because the act to get it might be immoral? SMH.
I'm so blind without my glasses. I've walked right past family members in public when I happen to not have them on and it's awkward as hell.
Usher playing the old jammies on BET Awards..
- i memba these niggas threw me in the pool wen i had JUST got my hair done .. I was HOT i was boutah cry bruh .. I was finna have a meltdwn
Bosnia w\/ the goal! Things just got interesting
Wooooooo!!!!!! lets goooo!!!!
Corrona got that song stuuuck in my head now.
Is anyone down to hang tn
A cheeseburger is an $1 nd a salad is $7 smh
My young bul is graduating tonight this is crazy
Yosemite National Park trip confirmed. But Chris we're getting ahead of ourselves. One day at a time!
Trey songz -foriegn
OH MY GOD!!!!!
Probably the first person in this time zone in bed
whenever my mom says the house smells like weed i just walk away slowly &amp; say \"it aint me..\"
I have not watched netflix In over a week have I set some new world record or something
Drake never at the BET Awards
going to Miami with ok
The whole house just broke out into the I believe that we will win chant
Wearing my warrior jacket and its 91 out. K. Cool.
now I want to go swimming....
Big boi needs to run faster.
This is the Argentina niggaz are bragging about? Not impressed.
Kurt Angle had good entrance music back in the day.
Niggas Say They Gone Rob , I Kno Theu Lien
I'm glad the Spurs took to their talents to South Beach.
one time my mom was boiling water for tea and she forgot it was there and all the water evaporated and she burned the bottom of the pot
Feels good to be back home
Told myself that you were right for me, yet felt so lonely in your company but that was love and it's an ache I still remember
How do I find the words to say.....
Necio is a wavy song to just jam to but to dance forget about it lol
JEF raises p\/t on $MU to 38 from 32... Strong Q
I love the twins. they're so cute.
Jeremiah 2:32\nCan a virgin forget her ornaments,\nOr a bride her attire?\nYet My people have forgotten Me days without number.
I need to stop drinking Jack Daniels.
*puts up church finger* just here to check the Ghana vs US score
US remake of : one good story change and several very bad ones. Including screwing up the ending by misunderstanding the whole point.
Wish I could find a cookout
Chill chill RT : WADE YA BUM
Spurs was my only worry all season smfh
A man named Gob told me I need to enter a beard-growing contest and to follow the yellow brick road.
Im 8 weeks old and i still have a bunion
Makiss ko tay nakadanun ka school'n ngem awan gayam klase.
My thoughts are eating me alive
When you get so frustrated you just break down &amp; cry ..
This lady on teen wolf the next Griselda Blanco
I really want to take my next girlfriend everywhere and do some crazy ass adventures haha
The lyrics and their sound are so much better than what's on the radio
Not going to school tomorrow to watch the Italy v Uruguay game
Oh there's a solid storm coming
This is def the coon awards... I gotta get a new job
Finally escaping east.
i really only watch soccer for masturbation material...so yeah.
Why is the store so far away
I need a guy that wants to watch Harry potter with me
YAY!!! Costa Rica!!!
I gave you bread and butter, you suppose to make the toast
Ice Cold Baby, I told you I'm ice cold
time needs to slow down
The amount of times I say I'm bored in unreal
my stomach and head still hurt..
How'd he forget to say the perfect Chris Brown . And Pharrell your a hoe
Whaddddup Ghana, welcome to USA Soccer.
Lol Lassiter is my favorite on Psych
You are what you love, not who loves you
I have the greatest guy in the world
Hoy Gana y arriva las mujeres y Los bmws
Erik Spoelstra really is a bad coach lol
Cute coffee shops are my fav
I made real breakfast and no one will wake up
\": what are you talking about?\" Retweeting those gigs lol
Yo! Idk about you but I hear rain!!!
All talk, no action- miss me with that shxt. If you can't do what you talking, hold my dick
Okay I love you guys I gotta
COSTA RICA MOVE ON TO THE QUARTERFINALS 5-3 ON PENALTIES
Shooters on my squad
To prepare for finals im gonna do what I always do before a big test... absolutely nothing.
I always feel I'm not good enough
Did you say she was pretty and did you say that she loves you!!! Baby I don't wanna know
you don't know what love at first sight is till you come home to your bed after a tiring day at work
Seeing so many pictures of Boston today. Kinnda bummed I didn't go. :\/
Lil mama keep lookin at me, imma knock that pussy out like fight night
P4 Way to go Stoked for you.
Gotta make my car driveable till the coilovers come in....fuggin struggle.
. really ? ridiculous.
Fuck them niggas fuck them niggas
I'm 135 and I'm pretty tall to weigh that much lmao
how do i change ur mind
Watching Aquamarine, cause I too am a mermaid.
I'm not waiting till October I'll walk to az
Some peoples hype is bigger than their talent
Is there some prize that I didn't hear about for this ice water challenge other than being cold and not helping this drought situation?
I really am so invisible to people.
Why you gotta be so rude dontchu know I'm human to...
You inspire me to be better, you challenge me for the better.
\"The aesthetic is like the force in , surrounding &amp; binding together the universe of , now &amp; forever.\"
Omg how the fuck do I get ahold of DMV -____-
Happy Independence Day USA. Let the turn up begiiiiinnn...
I spent too much money yesterday
Bring in Aron!
is Onew vcr out
The devil and god are raging inside me
Who? RT : Derek Jeter will be 40 years old in 37 minutes.
voy a poner una foto de perfil con ire
I give up on summer rowing I just can't do it like I couldn't even wake up at that time to get to school
Uterus, you are a stupid bitch.
Like did you want me to park at your mom's house? Shut the fuck up.
If you hang out with smuts, chances are your one too
Some of the most beautiful and needed encounters come from the most unlikely of people.\nThank you, Lowes employee.
Mi hope it's all bad shawtys at paine
Gotta go fold dem clothes and put them away...
Fuk w us then we tweakin hoe lol
Driving all the way to Brooklyn. Pray for me.
We are all addicted to something that takes the pain away. Mine just happens to not be so positive
when you return will you go for the title or go after the authority.?
So many oozing bug bites someone put me out of my misery
Who gets a burrito by themselves that's a chick? \"Cool chicks that are fuxkin badass dude\"
Status update: tomorrow's July 1st and I still have yet to unpack my shit from school
Day 2 of my cleanse and Im exhausted one more day to go then it's back to just veggies
Time to eat allll this left over chicken ribs mommy saved me
I think I've out grown carnivals. Sad day.
Omg her boyfriend is so fit he's all forcing her to eat salads and go to the gym I can't can I have him instead??!!
LeBron's only recourse is to finish each post-game comment with a \"jerk-off\" motion.
New York sometimes feels like a summer camp where barbecue and baked beans are for dinner as soon as you pass the swim test.
Staying lowkey and not catching feelings are the hardest things to accomplish
Cuartos de final partidos del Viernes \n\nvs \nvs \nAmbos son partidasos
Hobby Lobby isn't spoke small company... They have 21,000 employees. Poor job
i have to be up to pick up my cap and gown you fucking kidding me
*pick up soda* Well, it's cold... Is that 'cause it's right out of the fridge or because it's freezing in here? *flat soda*
I was just a poor college dropout until I followed and became a billionaire social media tycoon
Exposing people is some petty shit
.just invited me to join twitter on literally all five email addresses she has for me. No need to worry dal, I'm already here.
Downside of being friends with buff girls, mandem just wanna move through the team like they swimming through water dam.
Just bought EP...love him
We all grown .... So i hold you accountable for everything you do
Jhene can get it so bad...
And keeps waiting. This is a mind-blowing streak when you think of the biggest of big-time programs in .
I plan joke in my head and the. Laugh about them,to bad I had no one to share them with
Kissing the Machine, is actually my life right now, it's a good song but a sad story.
Listening to slow it down and I just may cry
Sneaking out to late night skate.
first day back at the gym since becoming a cyborg. hope i don't have a heart attack-ack-ack-ack-ack
Mistakes were made- lessons learned from Toyota applying Lean Startup
Los Ticos are playing beautiful soccer, a Cinderella story deserves to move on to the next round. Amazing saves by goalkeeper.
there ain't no guarantee, but ill take a chance on we
Wtf going on in southside helicopters out here deep!
A gaggle of little girls singing Let It Go at full voice on the subway at 11pm.
No one should advance after this game.
I thought moms were supposed to be the ones that picked you up when you fell, not the ones that pushed you down
I immediately stop people from telling me gossip about somebody else. Because I genuinely don't care.
Someone complimented my style today. Little do they know, this isn't swag, it's functionality\/necessity. Just cut sleeves off winter clothes
If they don't call high kick I might just go ref this myself
Germany Vs Cristiano Ronaldo(Portugal) tmm !! That game is gonna be crazy!!!
Mr.Squid I tried to follow you but your friend list was full I would really appreciate it if you would friend me my gamer tag is Topgun1023
Just say listening to music while watching the fireflies in my back yard for half an hour.
Nice goal usaaaaaa
Bitch just do it over aint nobody perfect on the 1st try
\"You're beautiful... You know, on the outside, where it counts.\"
I hold my nigga down no matter what the test, he know I'm a rida never gotta stress
Been at this spot for a minute
Where I can go &amp;&amp; be around ..
My dream is 2 meet &amp; they r so perfect &amp; amazing hope that comes true
solo tengo su aroma que me hace recordar..
seeing people happy makes me happy
I don't love either of these teams but these pks are still going to stress me out so much
If you don't know anything about my culture then I suggest you shut the fuck up.
Johnny Damon at the old timers game pisses me off
So fuckin bored someone chill with me and grillo
Let's gooooooooooo South American countries are leading this year!!!
Big nuts that's all
Can't believe my brothers cooked pizzas on the grill last night
Well there goes my circadian rhythm
Good freakin' shot.
Tu amor no es nada con lo que yo pueda pelear,
\": Bruh!! Twitter gon send some ppl hell fr fr..\" yea...that was odeeeeeeeee
That's the realest shit I've seen
Open gym @ PV from 6:30 and on. Tuesdays and Thursdays have little practice before Fall season practice begins.
Happy 4th, everyone! Going to enjoy doing absolutely nothing today, but watch and .
\"... and who do you thinks waiting at home? I bet she's not ugly. The only sin she's committed is being familiar\" -Red
How man ya'll bite your tongue when you see you posts on social media that expose audacious ignorance. Because I'm hitting the limit.....
YOOO SABIAAA POR LO MENOS UN GOOOOOOOOOOL
is it the same for yooooooou
Last shift at The Ginger Man for ! End of an era. Bigger and better things.
Spain was ass in this World Cup lol
Definitely setting a reminder to play the hoedown throw down at Carmine's birthday
I just wanna be the one to make you happy.
People I care about pushed me out of their lives and I pushed away the people that care about me..
WTF ALL OF SWAG KREW IS AWAKE WE SHOULD SPAM THE GROUP CHAT TO PISS OFF IVY!!!!!!
Good job Well deserved win...
I wonder if there's a progressive metal band called Shapes
I would love to have in Green&amp;Gold \": Trade proposal: Jim Johnson for Sergio Romo. Who says no? \"
Looks like a basketball game with USA- Ghana.
Was having a great first day at Colma until I locked the keys I need to close in the office... not chill
The gym not having showers for a month is really going to cramp my early am work outs
Ugh like why does it have to be so hard and expensive to get on your own!?
Everytime I hear the choir when I turn halo on I wanna cry tears of joy
These chops are tight! Lol
Today was fun and to explain it in a few words it be: boat, lake, bitches, beer, cliff jumping and a rope swing
As the world turned, I learned, life is hell
Watching the titanic rn probably isn't the greatest idea.
I wish I knew how to get the pic of a little dude on here that just hit on me on Facebook. I can't stop laughing. I'm incontinent.
I just wanna take you out and show you off
Wtf was the goalie doing??
Need more dip, afraid to go get my check, we'll have to figure this out later
aka probably some new shoes and a cool dress
He's in love with tragedy. She was a wreck, but he loved her. She was a wreck, but so was he.
Jack pot dorming with a Japanese and a Brazilian!!!!
Like of all people not to be there..... Paris Hilton lmaoolll
Omg I found the other piece to my bellyring, I can now die happy
You fuck around way too much and talk shit too much. Get it together bro.
Honestly thank god my mom is driving
Valley girls giving blow jobs for louboutins.. Call that head over heals. -iggy azalea
My friends are cold its ok i will take their money
Not going to sleep studying for global tonight
I'm stress-eating Entenmann's raspberry danish twist cake cause I already miss James Neal.
I used to think I was cursed being gay now I feel blessed to be truly who I am
Bitch, suck my dick before I smack you with it..
Believing he's heaven sent.
It's weird to be in different dugouts than and
Theres two different things about lie when some one ask you something and just telling your life when no ones asking
s\/o to justine's friend who got us free movie tickets, her other friend for being really cute lol, &amp; for for buying me drinks
Curse subway trains with broken ACs!
I'm still super confused as to why we have graduation rehearsal on the morning of prom
what the heck man.
My bish starts working today. Good luck Em!
Dans toutes les categories de la vie on est pas foutu d'assurer ! Je suis depasse, meme 1 point les gars ? wooooow
What's good niggaaaaa , what's really good
Lend me your eyes i can change what you see
I just want to go to a beautiful viewpoint &amp; just lay there in silence enjoying the view
\"Oh shit I have to shave my cat\"
Haven't heard a thunderstorm in over a year. Totally could live without em.
\"You have long legs for your size\" \nComplement? Statement? What..
the weather for this year has been od ass
Say goodbye to that one Virginia!
Fuck outta here with that bullshit
\": Chris Brown is so talented. Such a great performer\"
I don't think you truly understand how much I dislike you
I'm wating for my bAe trey to get on stage!!!
Ugh I'm going to dream about that Cajun fish fillet I had earlier
Thank you for revering me to I REALLY WANT TO BE APART OF THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best part about getting my benefits this week,I just took off July 3rd so I can work 12:01am-2:30pm July 4th for all that 2.5 time $$
The road to recovery on my feelings: I love white whine
I have no idea how to feel about this...
The satisfaction of clicking send on your letter of resignation.
Y'all can't say anything about how Lebron played because he's played his heart out this whole series
MILA KUNIS MAKES ME SO BDKANSLAN
If this person squishing me doesn't get off at the next stop, I'm getting off at the next stop myself and jumping in front of a train
I'm going to the BET Awards one day!
First TNA Show i been to ever. At the Manhattan Center.
I will not go to the ER today.
Small talk &lt; Just give me your pussy
Do people think I'm a Atm machine ? Nah bitch it don't fly like that
Today has been just awful I just want it to end
Tic Tac Tac Tac Toe
I need to follow white ppl.... I need to hear different conversation....
BK sando: garlic and herb chevre, parma cotto, speck, tomatoes, aussie feta oil.
the guy on treehouse masters is fuckin hilarious, he's always coked the fuck out
So many seats available on this train but fatty decides to sit next to me
Messi too good
Okay that dude needs to chill tf out lol.
I've been in my bathingsuit all day.
And that, that's the best feeling you can have
When people call me princess I just start loving them a little more
This entire series is what you call a good old fashion BEAT DOWN. NBA fans, enjoy watching the last 4 minutes of basketball this season
Why can't my face just be clear.
should I go back home tonight to do hood shit with my friends or
Ronaldo's face was like \"eh I know I suck\"
Janelle and ruben sitting in a tree K.I.S.S.I.N.G
Today I learned I can't support my country by watching the World Cup unless I don't play soccer
Some people dnt realize how good of a life they got
Wow huge loss if altidore is out
I feel like Mr. Q is speaking to me.\nThat explains my direct responses to all his questions.
It's great how I can just walk to beach
Hyped to see leonard win a championship the kid deserves it more than anyone
LETS GO USAAAA
Wood floor would be pretty dope
Fort Bragg was nice keep in mind it was unplanned we had to rescue the guys:)
you know the party's crazy when the EMTs arrive
Is it me or is reagge music just10x better in the summer
10 DAYS 'TILL I MEET CARTER BLEEPING REYNOLDS
Fly over states \/ Jason Aldean
So what, subtweet. I don't even care anymore. Short shorts = her. T-shirt = me. Comprende?
No shame in taking a night off
Where is Self Ccontrol? I have lost her? And I don't care who knowzzzzzzz
Bet that you know them, won't say mo names
hmu wanting to talk last night\nAnd I didn't see it till this morning\nI gave it the ill cold response because I wasn't in a talking
I'm be tranna be real coo frfr , someone always got a problem b
Today I drank a lot of coronas.
dempsey! go !
Basements new song is exactly what I needed to hear right now
Jamaican rum punch all day ...see how long I can stay woke
Not a fan of but I AM a fan of the new guy and that was one HELLUVA entrance at home!!
Fuck it ' I'll go cyph with Frankie
The struggle is still in effect.
If they kill Eric Northman. I am going to be VERY mad.
Screaming aloud for What a goal!!! Go KILL'EM
ow double up, ready! (Running) Run two three four, (Like a hare) Run two three four, (Now you are) Run two three four, (Getting there)
Ronaldo loves to choke
More Alabama connections at : former Huntsville Times intern &amp; Birmingham News intern
You know what today is ..... Arm day
On my way to Dodger Stadium !! Let's Go Dodgers !
one thing i hate the most about summer is the bug bites
GOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL CLINT DEMPSEEEYYYYYYYYYYYY
All I can smell is horse and I didn't even touch a single horse today? Lol
I hope chile shows Brazil what real soccer is
Name 1 bitch in the game that I can't murda
I do whatever I want and no one can ever take that from me
I think I'd do good in the Marines obvi not a regular soldier no offense..special opps most likely
I can't wait to go to jersey on Friday :3
A lot of his fansites donated money and stuffs to the program :D our FanFan definitely has good influence :D
Today went by fast and all I did was sit home, that's a great feeling.
CAN I TAKE A SHIT IN PEACE IN THIS DAMN HOUSE PLEASE ?
5 miles later I can kiss my vitamix
If I dont hear born inthe the usa at least 4 times this fourth of july i will be highly upset
I need to start going to the gym with my brother
If you believe people when they use the 'I never got your text message' line, then you're a chump - it's 2014 wake up
People would actually learn so much about bullying and how wonderful baseball is if they saw Benchwarmer
I wanna love ya and treat cha right
Settle down with me, cover me up, cuddle me in.
For those of you who tell me my mom isnt a cunt youre wrong
Ian Darke is really great to listen to.
I can't explain how much I don't care about soccer right meow.
My cars litterallly a marshmellow
We playing no games
I try to stay humble, but some people just cant shut the fuck up
Sitting on this hill with her\nLooking in them baby blues\nWishing that the sky would change\nI've been thinking about it all damn day
u always get distracted by ur looks when u film u stop mid sentence to check yourself out nd then forget what ur saying STOP
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Don't trip over someone who doesn't wanna be tripped over
Alicia answers me a minute after I send the text but I still yell at her for taking so long to answer back ...
Wake Up Hoe. We Are Starting The Day Now.
Stay true , never switch sides...
I hate when I'm talking to someone and they stand really close and get way too close to my face
Come on Bosnia, you can't beat Argentina with soft kicks
Why is harry in London wtf why can't he just enjoy France lol
Yesterday i never wanted to talk to you again, and then you send me a snap of you crying and i cant help but be there for you..
BUT NO ONE CAN HELP HIM BC NO ONE ON THE PLANE SPEAKS FRENCH
Remember when national teams used to wear the correct colour shorts?
Somebody is pouring garlic powder on the floor of the building I live in. But why
Summers great so far
Bunch of traffic on the gw's because a bunch of shmucks don't know how to navigate around a tire on the road
Okay Alex lol
guess I will stay home today and tomorrow on my days off.
Turn 21 in exactly a month
Oh the Greek coach got kicked out? Won't make a difference because of these luck based pk's. Don't know why they can't just make golden goal
Hobby Lobby has the best yarn though
Don't tell me the same thing over, after I already put myself through the grueling task of listening the first time.
Literally cant sleep bcus my toes are itchy and no matter what i do they wont stop what the hell
Trevor sad he got to go out for his birthday
I just rlly want a poptart
Good impression for HHH of Barret: Wade Barrett 9-9 he can be great on ground but struggles on the steps
My town is so boring someone help
I just wish I already graduated because almost everyone thinks that school is a comment bar
I had such a lovely day with Ariana! God I love her
I'm the type of nigga that doesn't waste food, even if I'm not that hungry.
Was that a serious question ? Lol
I was definitely Thurgood Marshall in a past life
I need a one hour window without rain so I can ride my bike today!
\"Naw, following child labor laws is against our religion.\"
EHRMAGHERD TEENAGE DERECK IS BACK HOW WHAT AHHHHH
Feel like I'm in the twilight zone lol
My goal is to become the greatest
Your ex is happy without you, so don't even try...
Sangria+ + = best evaaa
Got my tattoo all figured out, now I just have to make the appointment
Good potential and cool weathere
Hate when people take advantage of kindness, like grow up seriously.
I don't love you no more, I think you're a hoe.
maybe now he'll play his game
Very proper to show hakaras hatov to the US for being the great country it is
Every time I call my boss he answers \"this is Ed\". Like dude I know I called you
Being home alone is not a good thing right now.
Omg I'm starving give me cactus
Fav word of the night is probably fuck .
7: i miss talking to you on the daily on the dl
Why have I always assimilated fishing in Pokemon to courting women.
first day I didn't get out of the house this summer ):
Mike stud makes me happy no matter what
Drugs open up your mind to a new outlooks &amp; restrained thoughts
Argentina clowning these niggas now. I said it before. Bosnia ain't scoring unless it's off a set piece.
How do I have. A cold it's summer..
We're all trying harder as the days go by
When always rewind times wgen i had bitches crying im sleep tho
As long as you got good friends that can make you laugh and that you love than your living good
Kendrick Lamar won't be shit until he works with DJ Mustard tbh
Wth Ansel and Joe are friends
WHAT A STRIKE
My parents want me to do chores on my day off them best be paying me time and a half
Felt so good to get back in the gym today
howard is doin us some good in this game
.notifications for birthdays. Smart.
Remember GoBots? All U wanted when U were young? U get older &amp; all U want is 2 drown out the voices telling u to end it? Remember?
Every time im in a bad mood its like my mom knows to call me and give me bad news
Funny I remember when people were tweeting about how annoying the world cup tweets were...
Every so often you're having a great day and everything's real chill like and then some dude jerks off on the subway.
Finally off work! Haven't ate all day! I'm so hungry, but I don't know what to eat. ..
Baby I love you im sleepy
It's just another night on my own
Jozy Altidore's hamstring looked vicious. I hope he gets well soon.
Lol ... Already? Smh USA
Somehow ended up with a bunch of skateboarding punks crashing at my house hahaha what how
Ha your so funny ha I'm dieing
painted on my car, no questions asked. Nor punishment. Man do we have a great relationship. Lol
Chris Rock might get sued for that breast cancer comment
Houston girls love the way it goes down.
Questioning why i still have a twitter ??
Honey you shouldn't wear booty shorts if you have a muffin top lol
Why are you still talking?
i sleep for like ten mins and wake up
The always sunny when Dee has a baby is one of the funniest episodes of all time
my eyebrows when they are done &gt;
Is it so hard to find some neon shorts?
rly debating gettin on a plane n flyin 2 florida 2 stay wit
i love the sound of rain. We put the world away, we get so disconnected.
Hey Obama issued fewer executive orders than GWBush and half as many as Reagan did. You hypocrisy is showing.
True Life: I just made the most dope spreadsheet
Yes I still go to the pediatrician, it's awesome
deng getting tatted a week before vegas was a horrible idea. no pool parties for me :'(
RFT\": LOL that's because \"
USA USA USA GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!
Oceanside stop playing music fit for a fuckin baby shower
Dead roses are prettier then alive
my sister pussy fa falling asleep already
Ive never been addicted to something so much
yea I'm single yea I'm single
the ppl that talk the biggggest game and brag the most.... turn out just like average joe everybody else is
When people stalk your ig and accidentally like a pic and then unlike it but you already saw &gt;
damn is you're chloresterol high, because you saltyy
Enamorarse es gratis, el precio se empieza a pagar cuando quieres olvidar.
Mom just said I look Asian rn. \nCooooooll
Is it my goal or is it your goal?
Dempsey with the 30 second goal!
It's nothing but a countdown now to win that Finals Trophy
Thats how it be sometimes
Go Spurs, go.
I can't even get out of my car right now
&amp; Day. I have fun w. My cousins.!
i really dont wanna give up but ive been doing this for hoursssssssssssss and im not even halfway done
Everyday I want to bet on the padres
ITS TOO EARLY FOR A HOLIDAY. Up &amp; at 'em.
Half Mast - Empire of the Sun
Can't take much more of this summer weather thing everyone seems to be so happy about
I just paid 6 dollars for a diet coke
\": Apam tande gaz la pral monte anko, galon an pral vann 275 Gdes, ou kwe malere ap ka pran frap sa..!!\"ou pa konn monte bekann
Tonight was pretty poppin haha good vibes man
\"Fostered aching tension. Demented bruised inventions. Unbelievable. Burnt out &amp; seasonal.\" Oh come back to SF already!!!
It's like a sea of wheat out here...\n\nAka it's hella boring out here. 100 mi left till bay with and
Before you give up, think about why you held on so long.
Don't like this idea at all
If you don't like power rangers, fuck you.
Finally home. To many people tried talking to me on the way home. Like nahh chill dont follow me
Does anyone know if retros open
I am desperately trying to be more than what I have been.
So I really wanna know which events swam...
Why have none of my friends tweeted in the last 12 hours??? I'm lookin at you and
Big 3 all opt out, LBJ says he's taking his talents to the , wade and bosh resign w\/heat and add Carmelo.
Always being on time is a curse and a blessing
waiting for a subway to arrive at nyc is like waiting for jesus to come back to life
Blood is up. Auf geht's Deutschland!
It's honestly passed my bed time rn
What a strike! Let's go USA!!
No not Ronaldo though ugh mixed feelings
I hear your name I see your name I think of your name and ANGER flows thru my veins like I want you to get cancer sooo bad
My tombstone will read: she did not generate a lot of garbage.\n\nWell, actual garbage.
good going sir ,countering figures with figures
if you don't have abs then really what are you good for
Anyway I'm going to sleep early goodnight
Edge of Tomorrow is a great piece of Sci-Fi. I recommend it.
TV VIEWER ALERT: If you're going to watch 3 outs of college baseball in 2014 make it now . 3, 2 bottom 9.
I fucking love watching the World Cup !!
Oohhhhh. That was a really bad idea...
Ah, Pride Drama. Pride is to LGBT people what Valentine's Day is to straight folk -- a minefield of emotional mishaps.
In Ecuador* that is where I will be
I only stan jack I dislike everyone else in magcon
Why can't someone else make as much effort as I do? It's annoying.
Damn scotch neat'll put some hair on your balls
Where does one get off in life that they can be such a sassy bitch?
CM , a true fighter for ! She let know a 3p hearing 4 residents is not okay.
lil wayne is giving us a ghetto choachella look
i turn 18 in days , people ask me if ima throw a party or wanna go out , honestly , i just wanna work on my music .....thats it
hang out w me at San Mateo
Let's go 33 seconds
Well, this has been a roller coaster ride
Goin to Rincon Ventura for a week starting Sunday. Hmu if u wanna kick it...
After I take this damn drug test I'm smoking a shit load of blunts!!
CAN MY KIDDIES WAKE UP AND LOVE ME\/ANSWER ME PLEASE
Signs he's a fuck boy: he throws up in your suite and never bothers to clean it up or give Fatou a thank you card
Dominicans like black niggas ? Or do I have to pull my Hispanic card ?
i bleed like you so there fore i aint scared of you
where are all those great patriotic country songs? Always look forward to them on a great American holiday
White girls- \"your such a slut! Get hit by a bus! Lol jk love you, but you are a whore\"
Tim Howard may have half the plays of today after this game...
At SFO Virgin Terminal. My fave place to fly from. The one in Seattle is almost as nice, but LAX is crapola.
I wanna nurse my babies froyo
\"That's Joe Biden, the USA president... I mean Vice President.\"
NASCAR on ESPN makes me want to kill myself.
Quick trip to California. Off to see the folks at
Jessie Ware and Chance the Rapper's friendship means a lot to me
Good day once again turned into a shitty day
Bruce Jenner knows what's up. He's the only sane one in the house.
Love your girl instead of being out here embarrassing her..
How this bad bish going up again see herself?!?
Bad day. Early for watch and then no collar devices.
ghost rage i hate this game all over again.
When it comes to opinions, don't ever pick a fight towards me. Seriously. I will own and take you out. Don't give a shit who you are!
Seen niggas serve the wrong fein and get booked for that
Do I watch GOT finale, or the finale of the Miami Heat tonight??
I can't describe how much I do not give a shit about you or your life bye
Probably going to go to my dads tomorrow and not going to come home
Can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you just might find, you get what you need
Wtf is wrong w my head :'( i can't take these headaches no more
OH MY GOD SIGE GOOOO
In my opinion, Jessica alba and Meghan fox are irrelevant
Basement and Arctic Monkeys on the same tour what
I gotta dollar sign migraine.
I just accidentally shoved my mom on the floor...
What a run by Robben. Come on Holland!
The only reason I'm eating them is because I'm hungry as fuck. My protein shakes make me hungry as a mother fuck all the time.
Oh dear Jesus GAWD SpongeBob Buddha Science our SF mayor is a fucking douchebag
That's how you fucking start a World Cup!!!!!!
Why do I still think about you ?
\"What is a side nigga\/bitch?\"\nWell thats easy. A side niggs\/bitch is a bitch\/niggs that someone seeing on the DL
cheated off her test,now I'm grabbin her ass
Nice kick! Go
you're literally 5 years old.
Tears for Giroud. LETS GO
She want a man so bad she is going to let him talk shit
OMG, witch game to watch at 12 today. But of course .
&amp; the clear &amp; beautiful rivers &amp; lakes.
Beckerman's hair looks a bunch of branches.
my only crime is being too kind
What happened to bros before hoes??
Nick asked Mariah to come back to the Under Ground for Sharon's sake.
damn is your chloresterol high? because you salttyy
I BELIEVE I BELIEVE WE WILL I BELIEVE WE WILL WIN!!!
Can't take too much of a good thing
Is it weird that I love talking to my close friends about their relationships or person they're talking too?
To the person who woke me up at 10:16 cause I \"called them a couple days ago\" and insisted it was the right number- go fuck yourself.
Ryan's having a 4th of July cookout Friday ... Fireworks done at Marks crib
Guess who's not getting a today. Mee!!
Never gonna be able to sleep in this 130 degree house. Going insane
You can hear the whole city chanting!!!!
It's finally here
My friends are going out to get dollar beers and I'm here having a protein shake. The sacrifices are so real getting ready for vacation.
I hope stevie is killin it for me rn :')
maybe we can go back to the way it was
Giving up aint for me:
Once I am not grossly sick, will someone accompany me on a date to Han Noodle Bar? Pretty pretty please?
Forgot Clint Dempsey is my avi
Great night at for Trivia Night w\/ 'sjohnson
I do a lot of things that don't make sense
Shared Ferris Bueller's Day Off with Heidi tonight. I never realized that Del Close played the English teacher! Cool.
Ciara really got all the vocals and can dance like fuck.
OMG. Give this man a medal
i haven't seen and in over a week
I need my \"I don't give a shit about anything\" mentality back
i react the same way louise belcher does when i see a person who is too cute
is everything right now
the red string of fate that attaches us to each other from our pinkies is never far
What's the point fighting with a 14 year old lol. No point. You already look like a bitch for that one. You have no game. Little bitch.
BO$$ snippet\nAlly's snippet\nFifth Harmony's snippet\n\nthey dont sound like the same song explain
Will the real Jacob whitesides please tweet me
Had a phenom birthday! I am so thankful
What a goaaaaaal! give a run fi dem money. goal!
yeah I saw that too RT : What?!? RT : Angie left Hot97 cuz
Cut the shit out deadass
Trey Songz has such a sexy smile, omg
I love it when you text someone back the moment they texted you but then they take hours to respond back. But did you die I don't get it
Lets fuckin goooooo
It's rare that you find someone who isn't full of shit
Being in my bed feels amazing right now.
Day one of recital week wahoooooo
cachorra teimosa da porra colok pra fora a aqui dentro novamente
Top to pop the cap off the Dr.pepper and enjoy life. Wildwood Im here!!!!!!!
My tbt is going to be unreal
$ Iarrys1975 $ hello katelyn ! ur acc is super duper cute and u r officially a new fave
I sleep like a baby
I don't wana get up but my phone bouta die
A dude should never idolize another dude. Shits just gay. You're your own man.
Agsidsida nak ita ti kaldereta ket malagip ko la unay tay gayyem ko
Clint Dempsey just broke his nose
if I grab a womans ass and she punches me shes fighting for her rights but if a fag grabs my ass and I punch his lights out I'm a homophobe?
I got excited when I heard we can finally wear color to work only to go look in my closet and see that all my clothes are black lol
People are made up of water and fear
I guess since the dodgers are blacked out, watching the giants fall apart will suffice!
Spend life making something of yourself instead of trying to impress people.
completely forgot that my knee &amp; hip are fucked up . oh well .
I would never in my life be a homie hopper, no matter how much I dislike someone I couldn't do that to someone
why wont you follow me ??
Loud ass kids in this theatre.
I also lose everything
So many things and so many projects. They need to allow cloning so I can get all this shit done
Hope I don't shit my pants at this interview today
And then a stranger told me I'm too pretty to look so serious. I should smile more. DUDE I'm serious b\/c I'm picking falafel out of my teeth
Me and my friends are top 5 fbi
This cheetah girl is mad annoying
Take it in stride Karyn, if you can transition, you can move forward. It's hard.
I have no idea what this guy is saying but I love it
I guess you really do lose friends that quickly
Costa Rica is gonna get the dub
can I just get my nose pierced already
I'm not a liar , therefore I'm not gonna lie for you. Sorry.
The fact that my orientation group is all boys sucks
Crazy I been in ny for a month and change and I personally experienced 3 things that been on worldstar...winning
Watching the episode with Lane's wedding is getting me so psyched for Turkey
Getting a new ac tomorrow and I am so joyful
I'm just tryna have a good time
Like these are the cousins I never see lol
just saying...if you're out there trying to be a white rapper you gotta do it solo. no sidekick.
Watching da bbys in the
It just doesn't feel like past 11 &amp; I don't want to be home.
Damn Jav got the vocals on deck
Megyn, your straight hair style is very beautiful &amp; youthful :-)
Celebrating Korea and feels absolutely appropriate tonight.
Hot as fuck. \n\nI still haven't ate.
I haven't watched bgc in a long time, I swear it gets more ratchet each season....
Told sica to write me a love letter in my yearbook
Amateur chipotle wrap artists are the bane of my existence.
Shoutout to my friends for always hanging out without me
\"These men died for their country. Send flowers to their bitches and hoes.\" \n- Scary Movie III
nothing you say will ever upset me. I take everything with a grain of salt.
The fact that i have work in less then 7 hours really makes me wanna wake all my friends up to start drinking rn!
I don't wanna stop talking to you. But it's for the best and I guess you want that..
Ghana and USA have some pretty sweet jerseys!
I have mood swings with these things cuz like earlier I was all happy and now I'm kinda sad
I just don't understand why, when it's important, I can't fall asleep
Nani is the most frustrating \/ one of the worst players I've ever seen.
Hug spelled backwards is \"guh\", which is the sound people make when I hug them.
Lol it's all the way bad bruh
Watching \/ on + . .
If were comparing himself to me instead of the other way around: we've both been quoted on string theory blogs.
The God Delusion
i just want to go back how it wss before
OH MY GOD I FUCKING LOVE THIS COUTEY
earlier today I won VIP tickets to see Demi lovato!!!! See you October 27!!
Mamiss ko? Tay sgbaba jay jeep aggapo Pasiocan tas \"Palaud manong\" then \"Normal manong\"
Just saw a woman so big she barely got in her car. This is why I go to the gym
Carris is in El Salvador. I repeat, is in my homeland.
Like I can't even fathom how perfect that is....... I just... Wow.
Todo puede pasar
I'm getting turnt
Not even a soccer fan but MURICA to mr Dempsey
WANTING TO GO TO THE GYM BUT NO1 WANTS TO TAKE ME
Well this audition just keeps getting more interesting.
It's one in the morning and the city is still alive
Here's your chance, kid.
I could literally be extremely pissed at you. and you wouldn't even be able to tell c:
Only is you got me feeling like this oohh why, why, why, why
The hardest thing in the world is trying to please everybody. I'm all out of options and i don't know what to do anymore
I'm an adult now. I got my own account.
Okay so I got rescued by my mama but now I'm forced to walk around San Carl in basketball shorts with dancing tights underneath
A whole bottle of wine and delivery food for two all to myself
Hell yeah lmao \": pharrell high as hell lol\"
choked on my ice pop during that goal
There's just something's I've learned to keep to myself from starting an argument or getting myself worked up
this game sucks ass.. hopefully all's well that ends well
So glad the beau knows about cars cause I know nothing.
It's summer &amp; he got fuckin uggs on yo
The things I would do for a foot\/leg massage right now...
I love when people notice the little things.
I hate commercials
When you have to look at your phone through one eye you knoo your drunk. That's not me jus sayin lol
If ONLY this bitch fucking KNEW.
Su said got a white gurl like topanga
WHO IS BLASTING CLASSICAL MUSIC IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD OMG
I THOUGHT MY SON GETS A FREE PRINTER, A 64GB IPOD TOUCH, 700.00 OFF THE 11 INCH AIR, AND HE DIDNT HAVE TO BE IN COLLEGE YET
Morning runs through central park &gt;
Omg I'm waiting for the elevator up to my apt..
So I pretended to go along with the Lizzie McGuire grad joke but I've never actually seen Lizzie McGuire
What if an employer has religious objections to gluttony and won't pay for cholesterol meds? Or type 2 insulin? Where does it end?
I think about ya all the time, but I don't need the same
Today had to be one of the better days of my life
Orphan Black is the new show.
I want your heart but I don't deserve it
Living ghetto fabulous and I'm still actin ratchet
Reflecting how me and my crew rolled up to pride in a limo
When staffing calls and tells you you're sitting for a large, aggressive patient..w\/ a security guard in the room, you know you're screwed.
How would you know if you don't try
The guy who grew up in St. Louis, Missouri scores for Bosnia.
Your snapchat story should not be longer than 45 seconds. After 10 secs I really don't care anymore.
Gonna start watching snk I hope and are proud
Great finish by the Ticos in PK well played Greece
\": if you could go ah whole day without talkin to me You don't fwm like you say\"
I plan on eating an entire quart of cherries for dinner and nothing else.
That thunder just literally shook my entire house
screaming at the top of my lungs \"TEEN WOLF SOON, TEEN WOLF SOON!!!\"
How about the next time you wanna text my boyfriend you just don't. I thanks
When the scarface game came out she beat it the same day
This taro ice pop is on point
He don't love me like he says he loves me
Some people create their own storms, then get upset when it rains...
I hate generic people, who will argue that they are different
it's attractive to me when people are completely in love with bettering themselves &amp; learning &amp; growing. like, you rock, keep doing you.
I'm in a good ass mood
my actions don't compare to yours
why are you keeping tabs on me? lmfao
Why does the sweet bread isle smell so damn good
These niggas don't know how to act
Sleeping on the houseboat was cool but srsly waaaay too many bugs wtf
Cellar Door pre sale tomorrow.
I hate jealousy but that shit shows that a person really cares!
One asshole is taking up three seats w his bags, another is treating the empty seats next to him like bongo drums.
Jet skiing is the reason I don't work out.
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool cantalo esta en 4tos. Muy bien.
I have nothing to do today fuck me.
There is a big difference between cockiness and confidence. Confidence is sexy, cockiness is a turn off.
If you want some good ass rap check out
Lara Crocker: Oven Raider
If I kick and scream and cry can I not get weighed?!
Andrea is READINGGGGGGGGGGG Jessica for filth and more filth.
I think I need to start selling drugs or something lol
Woke up in a bad mood whyyy
Curse of the Landycakes.
I pray that I pass all my regents
If your country is playing you don't need to tweet every fucking second about it
im in a group message with like 6 people who i dont know &amp; they all know me
A man who drives a motorcycle ...
I hate my fucking life any everything about it
Never stopped loving you, just stopped showing it
Cool just dropped my phone on my face
it's ALWAYS me.
Also but the is still on and I'm absolutely gonna be all over these two matches... going to be firecrackers
Why bother asking me if I want food if you're going to give it to me anyway?
MANU IS COOKING
Kool-aid jammers are the best
Tengo mala memoria, sobre todo para las \"fechas especiales\"
I miss a lot of my indirects
The simplest questions in life are the most impossible to answer. Who are we? Why are we here? But these answers are the most valuable.
I have a dance routine as well
Now Dempsey might be done .... please come save a !!!
\"Joe Biden, the US president is in the crowd today.\" Yes. Correct. Good one, British commentator. 10\/10.
i came to the bathroom to crap and i ended up caught up in the war between the kitten and my foot
I love College Baseball regardless of who won what a series
That's the worst I've ever done it
Allergies, what a bitch.
I'm an insomniac, a mothafuckin' insomniac
cams on a follow spee &amp; idk what to do its awkward
USA ISNT PLAYING!!!! LETS GO!!!!!
Fupa city at wegs if anyone wanna see
ok so like im allergic to bees and one time I got stung by one when I was like 6 and I looked like a Oompa Loompa
Get me the hell off this trizzainnnn
Waiting for mk.
This weekend can suck it. Not about it right now.
Fat Boys with a Glandular Issue - -
When the love is gone then it's just b.s left
can I just read instead of studying for English I mean you read books in English so
\"This is family business, and this is for the family that can't be with us.\"
Shoutout to the doorman at the plaza for going inside &amp; giving me a free issue of the times when I asked where the nearest news stand was
Everybody dies in the summer wish i could Pray for a little bit more spring
The new 16 handles flavor is a must have
If You Don't Have A Car Or Drugs , Nobody Wanna Fuccs With You .
When the days get darker the haze gets sparked up.
Sean lowes tweets are my favorite thing about the bachelorette
Been trying to nap for the past hour and I realized I had a double shot this morning. WHADDDDAPPPPP!
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
What a cracker!!!!!!!! Brilliant!!!!
FREAKING 30 SECONDS IN HOLY SHIT
Shout out to my boss for letting me off from work tomorrow to watch the game.
Why did I never heard of Ted Greene musician before ?\nStuck watching amazing videos on Youtube ...
And ppl wonder why I don't talk to anyone
Messi is too good
With the summer2010 MNE crew (minus a few ppl) hearing this music thats bringing us back to tophill
ATTN PORNO\/LOS ANGELES FRIENDS: Was thinking of having a birthday party up there next Sat. the 28th...Whatcha think? Should I? Miss you all!
Don't snapchat kaitlyn your nudes, dm me with booty pics
5 on 2 how do you mess that up
And if you fallll, if you falllll
Not feeling well mentally today... Just much on my mind... Wish things would get better
Went to Indio to see where Coachella was and all we found was empty empire polo club. Imagining the scene.
It all just seemed so good the way we had it Back before everything became automatic
Nancy just asked me to take a selfie....
\": walkibg home\" where was you ?
A dude just autotune serenaded about protein synthesis. This is unreal.
Have to pass a blunt around if I'm being reunited with the Stoneonta niggas
Can't stand any of these damn people
Dark Lipstick Isnt For Me. Nope
25, home on a Friday, and watching the first movie asking my sister, , all these nonsense question
I hate going goal for goal in games. Like it actually pisses me off
Well not gonna be able to sleep at all tonight
movies from the 80's are the best movies
And I just might buy them
My best friends sister is about to be a cop....
just can't miss, not even if they tried throwing the basket ball away from the basket.
That made me mad what's the point of doing a MCM if you not gone use a photo of myself smh whatever
My grandma lives across the street from a trap house yeo
89' Yvener Guerrier received a yellow card
Found out the true definition of cake
Watching ladies of London and laughing so hard. \"They're celebrating the fact that they threw the Brits out..\" That's 4th of July for you.
Making moves to a better life idk what but it's happening
Damn yesterday was too much fun ...straight on one all day with good ppl like always!
Lmao yo I'm done
Time for a nice long workout
I like USAs jerseys
Chelsei is legit the only one who understands
random men in the bagel store ask Eleanor \" why did you unfollow me on insta\" wtf..
Aqui um gajo que eu admiro para caralho
I'm a very independent, \"I don't need anything from you\" type of woman, but when I'm sick, I like to get babied.
.I bet you get this a lot, but I have SUCH a huge on you &lt;3
We were suppose to leave an hour ago so we could watch the game in manteca but nooooooooo. We're still home.
You are a glass half empty, sipping my ocean dry. Emotionally spent me, 'til none of our planets could align.
Jones was holding RB
Had a little writing session today. Feels good to fuel that part of my life!
Just realized my mouth is hella nasty....shit
everyone has giant phones in nyc I'm not the only one
I'm starting to give up in this class. This teacher expects to much from us.
Fufu lame bitch she ain't widit
Bopp that THOT, bopp that THOT, and bopp that THOT.
I'm happy for Gabe, the dude deserves the best
I hope it rains today
tweet me ya instagrams i follow back !
I nickname everybody:Like my kid is Hulio &amp; my daughter is Pumpkin Head &amp; my X is WickedWhich O the SO.&amp; my GranKids R Armondo &amp; Conswaylo!
well good thing i replace food with alcohol
BEND IT LIKE JERMAINE
She's pretty (:
When I don't feel right or something hurts I'm so used to brushing it off, cause I didn't have health insurance for the longest time .
thought that was a bomb selfie then i clicked on it and was like nah
Nesta Carter hurt did not contest the finals of the Natl trials 100m
Bonito gol, bonito.
That's what I call a goal!
- stay true never switch sides
USA needs those announcers that just scream goal for like 4 minutes
I deleted that tweet because I renounced my bird head ways
You know what's great? Music. Books, too. Some TV. Bunch of movies, also.
I love fast food a lot.. But I will take a home cooked meal over it any day!
Awhh damn, here we go again
I bet you I'll be knocked out in5 minutes
If I had to be at baci today id shoot myself in the face
The U.S. is fly. Making a goal 35 seconds into the game.
This is gonna hopefully end after Thursday
I'm supporting the US national team although their fans are the ones I dislike
who tf brings a new born baby on a plane?
As if tfios wasn't enough, my favorite John Green book is going to become a movie
The traffic on 95 right now is insane
I don't sleep. I don't sleep. I live...
Hell no \": 11. What are your views on PDA?\"
The FIFA hashtag is pretty stupid
Di Maria is good , but he plays for Madrid so it's awkward ...
Safe to say Ima miss my 656 train. ugh
I might as well change my name to karliegh or Kayleigh considering that's all anyone ever calls me
Morning everyone! ! Have a great day and let's hope for a Mets Victory to take the series!!!!!
My cousin straight been sleep for 24 hours from jet lag coming from japan
Ben and Luca did a lot of brother things it was.very :)))
You've just been so irritating lately.
Johnny Damon is making his debut today and I'm not sure why, but it makes me feel old.
Choppin it up with a lady in the parking lot, who then proceeds to take her child out of the car. Seeya!!
I say I can't close anymore and what do they do, give me a closing shift.
Wade is soo trash now it's Redic
Patiently waiting for something good to happen this summer
I just had an upper respiratory infection 2 weeks ago and now I'm sick again like this is really bullshit
Bout to beat up an 8 year old for his vanilla ice cream with sprinkles
Dont have to go to the journey concert anymore
This is the match that everyone is allowed to talk about because usa is the shit.
Game of thrones tonight!!!!!
Few people understand as well as does and that's exactly why I love her to pieces
I'm gonna dyyyeeeee
Bruh..... I ate too much at the buffet. I feel like I'm about to shit my self.
Enough of come on
Just saw a guy on a motorcycle with a big teddy bear on the back. Wtf?!
Hip hop is taking a turn for the worst
I didn't even bet tho
Why does everyone think name is Dan!? And then they claim they really know him. Seriously added to my list of pet peeves -.-
Can you talk to me until I knock out or something idk, kill me.
Ive played soccer with Johannsson before which therefor makes me cooler than all of u
Mamiss ko rau barkada nga humulod phone makanet lang wennu maka selfie lang
I'm actually laughing at my Instagram like its a joke
Tryna understand what just happened right now
Attempting to slowly watch OITNB season 2 so it won't end. Isn't going so well though.
Thx to Allie I have enough pics to post for the next 367 days...tysm
Don't even gotta watch the game just watch the tweets
I'm really glad I got to tweet that Wow what an opportunity
I need my nipples pierced. Asap FERG.
I wish I could escape my mind sometimes
In a dangerous Kanye phase ra now
Ready to get turnt AF 's sweet
After being on molloy and Nassau campus for 5 weeks, i honestly miss the scenery at the mount
Last night we went from 0 to hunna real fucking quick
Would it be weird if girls texted me first .. Cause sometimes i don't wanna b that guy but id love to see them b that girl.. Takes guts !
Fuckin Atsu man, good player
Trying to avoid the inevitable is pretty much .. inevitable
You were more than just a dream
Bathroom selfies are weak and so are you.
Jesus Fucking Christ golazooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 2-1
I'm acting like I don't got work tmmrw
First day of work and its raining, fantastic.
I'm trying to Bae her,\nBut Renia won't let me feed her popcorn while we watch Orange is the New Black
unlike your friends mine are loyal to me soooo don't even try getting them to turn on me :-)
Can't wait till Purge comes out
why'd you have to fuck everything up lol
no one cares that I'm on my death bed I guess
And today we will do something that we've never done before
HAHAH I wish
The bachelorette makes me cringe... Pick Chris and get out
I kno you still follow me
Run at , better late than never!
11 retweets and 21 favorites later I notice my tweet has a grammatical error OH WELL
Ain't no rest for the wicked until we close our eyes for good.
please follow me shawn I'm not giving up until you do!! No matter how tired I get ..
The amount of burger king i saw my lil sister eat just now is disgusting
I'm cool with a lot of people but definitely not with you lmao
Jay driving = everyone bitching LOL
I don't understand how men with girlfriends still dress like cavemen in the dark. Like come on ladies...
I will never understand Chinese tattoos unless you are chinese. stop the madness.
\": Spilled my drink on me while watching the World Cup, call that getting Messi.\"haha
Live with the regrets or live with the hurt.
\": Got break relationships to find the right one\"
This doctor appointment tomorrow is going to be something
NY PIZZA IS THE BEST PIZZA THAT EVER PIZZA'D \n\n
To all the NY high school students taking the regents tomorrow, I wish you all the best. This too shall pass!
Grisha win for Misha
I'm high and irritated at the same time how's that possible..?
Overheard in : \"Awwwww! I LOVE homeless people!\"
Bittersweet maybe? Lol
\": I hope we use Chicharito I really dnt want United to sell him.\"I'm saying i hope
Just saw Anthony Bordain walking down the block with his daughter. What a cool cat.
I got a missed call from yah nigga
Broken nose for sure.
Ronaldo I'm so done with you, but it's okay I still love you
these hoes ain't loyal
Always be at peace with your demons
People yammering about this car or that phone they MUST HAVE, I realize the reverse is also true: one man's treasure is another man's trash.
I don't like Dempsey but nice moves kid
most of times this would be good:\n\n[junit] Tests run: 6, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 0, Time elapsed: 51.908 sec\n\nnot now!
Lol shortest French player has to stand behind the tallest kid during anthems haha. Just looks awkward.
Btw that bird is my tumblr icon. Isn't it precious
What a fuckin diggg!!!! Take a bow son
I could be your curse or your angel it's all in how you love meeee
My boy Dylan looking fire as usual. Holland is ok too.
I want to put this picture up.
Come on guys!!!!!
It is never a crime to picklock your own lock
\": If you aren't down with , are you even living?\"SQUAD
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORROW CAN U HEAR ME SCREAMING
I like when I ask questions and get no responses. Reminds me of real life. Lol
I always worry about how long something gone take but forget how fast it could go...
Anyone wanna go to this party with me i need a ride
Somewhere between I want it \nand I got it
I really need to get my nails done
Why does my aunt feel the need to tell me about how my cousin walked in on her and my uncle \"getting romantic\"?
The team that beat is back today
i had a mojito with dinner and now all i want to do is take a nap
- saw you at the cookout . I thought you talked to the bro lol
literally pisses me off so bad when someone takes hours to answer a simple text message and you know their not doing anything
There's a party back in the woods tonight\nHeard it through the redneck grapevine
It was fun at first but I'm over itttt
SFXIX Wednesday Divsion Wk1 Ln2-The Ruskee Trombones beat a 2 roller Skeereberal Ballsy, formerly T. H. Skee, with an 846.
if there's a typo in a tweet i have to delete it im so embarrassed
Since when are you able to hire somebody for a job that is taken without that person being fired promoted or demoted
Get well soon, ALTIDORE!
S\/o to all the middle aged white men in my Zumba class.
all these virtual thots
My mom wants me to do a puzzle with her.
If jenn dont text me back !
no new friends no no no
When someone brings up my ex I cant stop myself from laughing at how stupid it ended.
Bruh, the Great Lakes look intimidating!
Favs mean DM me so I can get to know you.
You could be friends with them if ya ass is so lonely!
Attending first time instead of which may have to do w. sunny San Diego
\"I have this white boy in my class that always looks pissed, one of the pink ones, with the orange freckles you know?\" - my roommate
You girls anit low !! Yea !! Yea !!
ha to the one not comfortable with soup at third
If this charger break I'm switching over to my galaxy
Beautiful night for a show out here! Thanks for the VVIP
Mom and I are connecting with the spirit world tonight
Tem muitas coreanas lindas aqui andando e exibindo sua beleza nas ruas
i wanna some thru da roof shit buh nah aha
I would describe it like a lizard's asshole
Chill manu buying real estate in step back city. And the nasty dunk
I love tanning then showering and putting on sweats
wonder what smtd stands for tho could be like their initials or maybe \"suck my tiny dick\" idk
just damn rude, at least they had the brains to remove it -.-
Today was better than yesterday thanks god 2 down 4 to go
Things I am not feeling: great.
So... finally caught up to Game of Thrones season 3 &amp; just saw \n\nWhat.The.Actual.Hell?
The squad and I will be at it early in the morning to watch the USA game.
Killing the tricep game one lift at a time
kendell girl payed for his tats
Love has no borders let the Mexicans over.
Mud wrestling with the divas ? Am I in heaven ?
don't expect me to talk to you when you're talking to like 50 other girls no bye
Avalon, baby. You can find me at the P, it's goin' down.
We beat germany like twice in worldwars so idc if we don't beat them at soccer.
goddammit i think cortaca weekend is nov 14-15...brings up the question of cortaca or hardwell at MSG
My goodness Manu....
Im the CAN man anyone CAN get it
Dempsey goal is the fastest goal in the World Cup so far 30s
Filho da puta nojento
16- from the few times I've talked to you you're so funny !!
No one that I'm fucking with can ever use the term \"bitch\" to refer to me to my face ORRRR BEHIND MY BACK WITH THEIR BOYS!
I feel like a fuckin communist cuz I can't watch the US game tmm
RIP Anthony Anaya and Montgomery Tsang. I hope you're happy up there in our electric sky
\": twitter &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; being in love\"
\"Simply sensational strike\"
Terrance is such a sweetheart. Idk how he puts up with Jelena.
Being hungry and not knowing what to eat is the real problem
If i don't act weird around you im not comfortable with you
Missin the time me and went super high to ihop and got free oatmeal
I'm just gonna punch my neighbor and his dog.
Struggling now you know I'll be struggling then
sehun lookin like a toddler again
I'm just thinking that's an awfully convincing chain leading back to you.
Kicked off my shoes tripped acid in the rain
So apparently smart toilet seats are a thing now. Awesome! At demo day.
Kim's ass is bigger in person
My forehead just fell asleep if that's a thing
How the fuck does one of my kittens manage to scratch one of my nipples!? HOW?
Another reason why cutting Donovan was dumb, limited goal scorers . Now a starting striker goes down and we get thinner there
Feels like my love life is finished, I've been avoiding commitment, that's why I'm in this position
I'm just watching my drunk snaps. Laughing so hard.
Anyone have xbox 360 games they don't want ..?
I've realized I can't live alone, I'm too much of a baby.
Smoking the joint to end edc day 1 watching kill circuit grounds on an epic set was the shit!!!!
Whoever came up with \"Newseum\" is probably also responsible for inflicting \"Men's Wearhouse\" on us.
I fill like a kid I'm so ready to see boosie bad ass
This is going to be a long week.
Guess who got new cleats right now
so my teacher is Russian so basically we are all going to die
Spurs gonna be an Allstar dlc on 2k15
Talk about it talk about it about it talk about it
I be in chancletas, white v neck and b ball short on July 4 th
What I should be doing: studying. What I'm not doing: studying
I fall every time you make me feel important
They say talk is cheap, so I be smilin when we meet
Those clips of LeBron are really making me feel teary man...damn I feel bad now
The shirt I had on was a small &amp; that shit fit me huge, making me look bigger
How am I just coming across Kandee Johnson..... She is the happiest make up artist ever.
Lebron going to the Knicks
Esta vez busco por cielo y tierra a Sham
Some of the \"tweets\" at the bottom of are definitely over 140 characters
My god, that was like 5 straight minutes of flyers fans booing as Gary Bettman spoke. Bravo
I don't wanna see you in my mentions so bye
god bless. i spelt identical wrong. embarrrrrrrrrassing
Nigga what you want nigga? Come to my hood
I guess i just got a little butt hurt..
cisco charges for patches lool ..north korea has a marionette metropolis on their border lolol
That was a really nice goal
Nothing more to give, nothing left to take. I keep reaching out for you as you turn away. One step my heart is breaking...!
My entire body hurts. Did I do a double workout or get beat? God damn.
Winging my way on the dance floor. A Salsa dancer I am not.
i been up since 5 wtf.
Tbh. I'm gonna probably start pushing people away bc I'm so fucking tired of expectations.
Wtf this game is brutal
My son makes me so proud! ^.^
Why do I put myself through things I know I can't handle emotionally
I'm at work across from a huge Greek cafe and I don't even have to watch this game
Our cyber romance\nNow in remission\nA kiss of frost\non our keyboards\nas we desperately\ntry to pretend to be\njust chat friends\n
THE EQUALIZER ... Been waiting all game to say that
Yg deserves at least to be grammy nominated , pay attention to the way the song order goes&amp; what they tell you , i used to hate him
If you don't work for it , you don't get it . PERIOD .
Just said that I miss New York.
SUBSTITUTION: Brooklyn's Sean Gardner enters the game for Yannick Diese
Cold showers are the best when you hot af
We took a break so you rode his dick because it's ok we wasn't homies or nothing
That moment when someone sends you a message with an emoji but you can't see it because you got a bum ass phone
crazy shits been going down at my house lately
The best part of the finals isn't the Game it's my tl after cause niggas got these photoshop jokes on point
I fucking love 4th of july fuck this rain
Someone give me plans for tm
Israel begins to target terror sites in Gaza following rocket attacks today.
sun on my back it's a nice day
Things aren't gonna be the same . Just know that .
Hallelujah these fire Marshall and investigators are leaving early make my job easier
SOOOO PROUD OF MY role models I knew this day would come and it finally did! I hope to grow up like you!
Visions while on lean getting it so dirty but my record still clean
Day suddenly interrupted by phone displaying giant picture of because Google
\"daria what's in your backpack\"\n\"clothes and alcohol\"\n\"okay as long as you're honest have fun\"
goooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllllll USA USA
Manu can slam it!!
Damn I wanna makeout wit a girl
Wish I had a fucking car so I could do something tonight
When Belt &amp; Pagan comeback, I really hope the team can remain healthy for the 2nd half
holy shit i spent hella in vegas.
Obviously niggas ain't want to hear that girl singing lol
SPEEDY IS HAVING A HEART ATTACK MY POOR BABY
Wish I wasn't in school rn so I could get laid
If your gonna be dumb you gotta be tough
I would have bunted Jaso. Get coco to 3rd to set up a better chance at a run. Hate that the rarely bunt.
I hate * lol
$ hookerniam $ ur header is so so hot !
So much respect for tourist that take the bus
Just wanna watch 22 jump street
Dios gracias por crear La Comida &lt;3
It still bother me &amp; it bothers me that it still bothers me.
I've never been more scared of anything in my life
I need to learn the difference between being bored &amp; eating or actually being hungry.
IT HAPPENED IT UCKINFNSKDKFKSDKFG I'm CRYIGNSJSKD
Say yes say yes cause I need to know
I don't get y bitches with nappy hair don't rock a curly afro like
So u telling me Heller huffed it back to the sidelines fast enough to avoid that hell-fire missile?
yes yes I'm about to get some lapdances from Brazilian men
it's always sunny in philadelphia marathon by myself starting.. now
MESSIII!! ON TARGET! :D :D
Fuck I am probably a bully myself
Sometimes I wish I still got high all the time everyday, but then reality sets in and I think \"thank god I stopped getting high\"
BREAKING NEWS: Experts confirm that life is still really fucking complicated. Film at 11.
Ramazan basliyormus farkinda degiliz ... Banane
Im not even close to being tired
Beach time tomorrow and I cannot wait
My talent for figuring out celebrity voice-overs has hit a new high upon seeing the Oreo Mini commercial and knowing it was Chromeo.
WHO SAID KELLY JOHNSON DONT RIP! \n\n
don't criticize your friends
Goal in the first minute!!!!!
Their screaming fans are giving me anxiety
That deserved a card come on ref
attending the premiere with an amazing -
It's come to the point where my parents are forcing me to be social by taking my electronics away
Chris Rock is a fool! LOL!
Soccer players have the baddest bitches that's not even a debate all the star players girl bad as hell
Anyone got any avicii tickets for sale
It's a solid feeling having professional support while giving back. What's better than that?
Lord Jesus. Sitting and sweating. This ain't right,
should have went to school for barbering
I love boys who have the guts to tell a girl in person they look pretty
In 12 hours this shit will be over.
Furman grads today: Dempsey killin it at World Cup, Stubb becoming Finnish PM, and I polished off chicken tenders AND spinach dip just now.
. . . . . . . i can't leave thee house until it's over .
If these niggas ain't got tha golden stick then I don want itttttt
For those of you who can't attend the We Love fundraiser tonight you can paypal donations katestayalive.com
Ryan's fuck ass Mexican wifi is killing my vibe rn
Dear \nIf you're going to bring hateful signs to , at least spell your words correctly. It's \"dyke\" not \"dike.\"
Listening to Pink Floyd in the East Village buzzed.
Emmanuel Ginobli is a beast
We drive too fast we get too loud
Chicharito this is your moment to prove the haters wrong.
\"Trust Sleepy's for the rest of ur life\" is the most perfect slogan\/jingle
There's a select group of people whose snapchat stories I actually watch.
A little imagination is all it takes
Esperaba mucho mas de esta seleccion argentina!
Enough Is Enough I'm Done Mentally And Physically
Iont smoke or drink &amp; I dont pop pills. Im just high off life.
Ginobili is walling
Fuck the \"traditional Chinese medicine\" market
if you hate how much eyebrow piercings look on guys don't fuck with me, please.
Make it hot for meee drop dat oh oh
Supposed to wake up in 4 hours for spin class and I can't sleep. Great.
I hope my brother's baby doesnt come out ugly.
This is the beginning of a scary movie
Good music and a view I can look at all day long. Love going home by train.
.not that bad, luckily. No scalp damage. I promise I'll shoot you guys a tweet series later to explain
\"I kinda like her to have hair.\"-
Drinking that water. If you know what I mean.
\"Boys like that don't exist\" is not a true statement. If he's not YOUR idea of perfect, don't settle.
Don't call me Malcolm if you didn't fuckin know me then
Why do I do this crap to myself
Fuck this man. Ima finish my pizza
I'm just trying to party like crazy ha
Tim howard is a stud
Whelp now I'm broke.
The real question is would I survive without in my life? Probably not.
.When U look at that logo of that stereotypical NDN image and you HAIL TO THAT REDSKIN you are insulting every native alive
Can't wait for this Germany vs France game
Time for NHL Draft!
estoy de dieta... solo como arroz
If you don't put chips on your burger you're missing out
for this game!!
I really need to finish reading TFIOS because I want to see the movie so badly
It's my birthday and everyone will be celebrating w\/fireworks. My dad told me that when I was 4 y\/o and I still believe it at 84! HB America
Bruh I don't think anybody understands how emotional 's \"You\" makes me.
My snapchat is acting hella stupid
What do I have to do to be a zeggle
O eres fuerte o buena suerte.
Let's see if this nigga is a real nigga and really pulls up to hold me
\"Go hug him again and pat him on the head and tell him you're there for him\"
kapan ya adele bikin album baru:')
I wish they would stop talking about the !
'humans are stupid. im ashamed to be human.' - my angel, kurt cobain.
I just ate my second bowl of strawberry shortcake today
Are yoy happy I tagged you ?
how does one lose a book.
This game is going to be top class
The US is outplaying Portugal right now. Plain and simple. They deserve to win this game.
just had an hour long screaming crying rampage and threw out everything in my room
If you ever see me turn down some pussy, it's prolly because the girl is on some crazy shit
daqui a pouco retribuioo unfollow
je vais regarder dr house
Is it closing time yet? Tomorrow's game day!
Was nobody else on my feed pulling for ???? Come on now.
That did not look good.
I think now Duncan, Coach Pop and Manu hang it up after tonight go out on top
Dempsey !! Holy shit !!
Magnificent Messi scores, that was a beauty 2 0
Everytime I listen to i have my own dance party
Ia was so I love . And all that just went a
Sarah does not understand the seriousness of leg day
Don't treat people who don't deserve to be treated special like they are !
1 0 for the greatest nation already
EL y yo quedamos mejor como amigos, panitas
All of the 530\/916 invited to Cassidy's going away bonfire at starbend
Someone please come to Brooklyn and give me a piggy back ride to my bed
Charging my phone in anticipation of the
Thinking your butt has already improved after one day of squats lol
I got to body surf today &amp; i didn't catch 1 FREAKING WAVE
just how many times does Steam have to run Microsoft DirectX Redist Package, god damn lmao
It ain't nothin to cut that bitch off
I dont even have time to watch tv anymore
My man tommy sunshine and his wife just retweeted me, those two are living the life
I wanna move out and have a puppy and an apartment and forget about my worries for a while
I need it yu need it we both feenin I guess that's our agreement
Is 12:22 and I can't sleep
SF is back to normal after a crazy weekend.
I think am Ganna go back to school I really want to so bad
OF COURSE THE PHOTOS ARE UPLOADED WHEN I'M AT THE GROCERY STORE AND I DONT HAVE THE WEBSITE OR PASSWORD
Ever get so tired of trying cuz it seems like nothing ever works , that you ultimately decide to just sit there in your misery and accept it
Alright, all the stars minus Rooney have taken care of business. CR7 &amp; Schweinsteiger, you're up next.
can't believe bron bout to lose
Too juiced to not be the DD tmrw...Ima act up heh
Literally every time man. Don't laugh at me ryan. Now I got jay on my side. Making acquaintances with the workers at the party lol
Everyone loves being single until 2am come around
Scott is on his way to Disney World, but I'm drunk, listening to Ashley Tisdale and eating pretzels with hummus, so who's really winning????
RED SOX CAN YOU HOLD A LEAD, JUST ONCE?! WOULD IT KILL YOU?!
Yeah ... The truth comes out ... I'm a hot-linker ... So what
\"The silence from you is killing me\"
\"We don't have to be ordinary, make your best mistake.\"
The storm is making me think of Degausser by Brand New
Goal in the first 30 seconds!!!! U.S. Might actually have a chance
I have crooked eyes somedays... Today is one of those days
Hm this nail salon is playing some ultraviolet Chinese horror movie
I just got high for like 4 seconds idk how
I will never understand why girls have to be so fucking dramatic
Finally made it here. So where's my fucking bed so I can sleep already?
Making me feel out of place .
Nothin like a party where fabolous is blasting on the speakers
Thats all I wanna go back to
Gol de Ibisevic y se avecina un entretenido final
I'd rather have experiences than tangible things
Between Leo's acting and Max Richter's \"on the nature of daylight\" I am overwhelmed every time !
Meeting the transparent canvas of infinite possibility and potential. What would the personality be of such a being? Absolutely incomparable
Both teams are just so awesome so while I'm sad for Virginia I'm also happy for Vandy on their first cws
It's time for women to stop calling each other whores and sluts..
If Twitter account refuses to help customers, what's the point of the account? Seriously.
Mr and breana really discussing our shift tomorrow hahaha
Michael went ghost. But he's still alive. I KNEW IT I KNEW IT I KNEW IRKGZLGZLHDLHDKGSKSGXGKKXHDLHHLD
I guess that's the glory of being twenty something. Just going with the flow and following where life takes you
I'm still amazed that I got an A on Mrs. White's final exam
James Franco is going to be 0.6 miles from my house today and Tim won't go with me to see him at 7 :(. I just want one picture!!!!
can these beezyner shut the fuck up
First Mexico now the Giants... Its disappointing...
I'll listen and help anyone but if I give you advice and you go against what I say or not even try dont ask me to help no more.
Even though I want to knock his head off his shoulders !
the fact it said pterodactyl i lost it.
I remember black skies, the lightning all around me
my brothers make me want to kms holy shit they're so annoying
Messi with the goal
People just come and go, and life goes on...
HBD to a super cool kid
omg my new kotori wig is perfect i hope i can make it to the imgathering ;;;
Portugal's goalie does not even know what happened
96 degrees and I'm not at the beach whyyyy
Left school and learned more. Rehab then burned more.
Idk what ima do next year so many good girls with nice asses coming in but so many leaving
BITE THE SON OF A BITCHES
My dad always wears Hawaiian shirts and my mom is always taking pictures whenever we go out....basically tourists
Omggg i just noticed that evan peters was in phil of the future all this timee :o
.quit adding classic rnb hits to all of my spotify playlists
Black bathing suit bottoms will cause your ass to feel like it is on fire
No one likes a kiss ass
I'm not the same thats all I can say.
Dude you cray cray.
COACH SPELLED MY NAME WRONG LOL HOW
Between Cali and Nevada
but here you wearing that, already know what I'm staring at
I only have one life\nAnd I only wanna live it with you\nI wanna sleep where you sleep\nConnect with your soul
wtf I hear 2 dogs in my backyard
porque no tu
1 nil my friend
Wish I had an older bro
Iced coffee.. \": Ice coffee..\"
I like you way more than I should, I want you way more than I should
I can't get over how great the Little Dragon concert was last night
Laying here is the most comfortable thing I can do
My niece's head not is tough!
just went in the shower and there was a BEE FLYING AROUND........No why do bad things happen to good people
Today is seriously the slowest day of work. No one is here
In the midst of explaining why pomegranates freak her out, lois says \"yo his fro is real\" during Cameroon v. Croatia
it doesn't have to be a snowman....
tell me baby is it crazyyyy
Oh god, and the trip begins. In a half hour I'll be seeing shit again
I don't know what's more trash, Josue's roasting skills or the bike he took to BP. :o
What is up with my O C Housewives? Can't we just be grateful for what we have. Life brings enough drama!!! Please ladies...
is amazing... So much heart. I need to buy the soundtrack. Once again hits it out of the park
Excited to see where exum ends up. Hope he lives up to the hype..
My dad told me I need to stay out late tonight because he knows I have no social life lol
AND I saw Tracee Ellis Ross!
Still In the bed you knoe ;)
I stack chips.. This is what I do... Run thru divas, give em to my crew
Eville for the night then a little golfing with da boyz in the mornin
\"toma toma tu merecido Bosnia\" JAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAA
Can I get that follow back or nah ? Is you about to do it or nah ?
Being away made me forget about everything and it felt so good
My littlest sister is one of those \"are we there yet\" kids... Does that forest look like our driveway? No
LET'S GET IT!
dont fucking worry about what i'm doing, how many times i eat, or how late i stay out with my bf, worry about your fucking self
Tired from dunking on Danny and Aj all day today
Can't wait for this party though!
I hate having a bunch of messages on my phone . I delete all messages every morning.. Even if I talk to you daily .
America: land of the free, home of the brave.
By the winter I want to be pulling up in something nice
Any girls wanna be my pit mechanic at the races this weekend?
I ate a lot of Gouda today
No me gusto el nuevo trailer para The Hunger Games.
Summer is my new favorite song.
May 2014 was the Hottest May in the 130 yrs. of record keeping.
Jon Snow, my knight in shining armor!
She said she wanna make a twerk video, baby I'm tha camcorder
We own this game
NAVAS THIS IS ALLLLLLL YOU BABY DO YOUR THING WE CAN WIN THIS LETS GO TICOSSSSS!!!
That ESPN commentator shd be sacked he doesn't no anything about soccer.
The things I would do for one more night at Nickel Beers with the boys...
Vou cuidar da minha fic que eu ganho mais.
I don't have all the time in the world damn....
Maybe I now I'll be fine. Accepting things for what it is.
Yo I love the do not disturb option
I wish I really meant it when I say \" it's fine \"
Okay I'm a science freak, if there's evidence then I believe it lmao
I was suppose to be home by now
Well that was quick !!!
Flex Green is a To3 need 1 to fulfill the slaying role for our squad
I hop in the industry ima try to fuck all these female singers lmao
Lo mas curioso es que cuando fui a pedir la cita medica el vigilante dijo:\n-Y eso les pasa por votar por \"SANTOS\".\nX(
YEAHHHHHHHHHAHIMRJOBFJKVR USA! DEMPSEY
Who needs pre workout when you could just go to the gym pissed off instead
Thiaaaaaaaax la degg lmaooo
I'm actually quite excited, but as of right now I just wanna work hard to get there
gonna be honest here I'd be down as fuck to have asap rocky's babies
Please I want this more then anything
My nephew is gone I have no idea why I'm still watch the chipmunks movies lol
it ain't nothing to cut that bitch off
We are the inventors of the future. There is no one with the same ideas as us.
Bosh lowkey got posterizer
My lower back is so soar rn
SEND CHLOE THE GAY CHART
I remember when I was younger, my grandpa made me promise I'd never date middle eastern or black guys. Turns out, the jokes on him.
Congratulations, party on Costa Rica! \n
All us feminists can ask is to be 81 years old, like the Ruth Bader Ginsberg, &amp; still be fighting the hard but fucking important fight
Did a lot of shit jus to live this here lifestyle .
Lord please tell me this man isn't trying to spit game at the bill collector please
Ahhhhhh I called that!!!!!
im at this grad party and i need a drink
Who else just started singing ocean avenue?
It's a lovely Long Island day, so why am I on the 6:39 train going to work. Ugh!
I'm so upset with you that i'm not going to like your instagram picture.
I can't believe it's not butter!
Tacos and beer all day
Chris rock is straight snapping right now
Didn't even have time to blink before we scored !!!
nudzi mi sie bardzo
I wanna wrap or paint my helmet, but I need a good theme hmmmm
There are some things that you just can't learn in school, like a good lesson
Photograph by Ed Sheeran is perfect
Praying mom wont cancel our dinner plans for tomorrow. Those Bronx Dominican restaurants sounds so good right now.
I'll land at about 5 or 6 am
Second day of work, first full day. Yesterday went pretty well, hopefully today will be as good or better
Call me what you want but I call myself the Don
I used to zig zag part my hair :\/\/
And you'll be sorry that you messed with the U S of A, cuz we'll put a boot in your ass, its the American way
No more coffee? Oh no!
This chick is so mad at this gate agent for ripping up her ticket. What a dumby.
I really just fuckin cried
going to remove my own tonsils in about 5 fuckin seconds
\"I just want to interact with your dick for a sec :) as a friend though :)\"
*lets be into a girl with a boyfriend and that wants nothing more than friendship with you*
Lol some people are way too cocky like it's okay once in a while but all the time is just too much
You'll end up real disappointed when you go through life thinking people have the same heart as you.
Nani you greedy fuck pass the ball !!!!
I'm late but who cares bc it's 730.
I think I liked everyone's Father's Day pictures on insta today lol. Some of you some hot ass dads, damn.
in the house! at game!
Lowkey wanna play in the world cup really bad
What is this Li Na rumor? Retirement?
I should be sleeping I have to wake up early tomorrowwww
The boredom is kicking in.
.prize goes to Last Night!
Baby Gareth should be waking up any minute now.
push my penis in between her lap
I've always loved but know that I found out we share the same birthday love her even more haha
Last night's main event was a cure for insomnia
This cornucopia of twists is fucking confusing ....not just bc I'm drunk
Happy 4th of july to everyone especially all the people who put they lives on the line everyday for us huge s\/o to my lil sis 23yrs deploy
I want dunkcan to get mvp
I could go for some ralphs
See my at SF Gay Pride. Look for more videos coming soon. May get lucky with a cumshoot.
Love falling asleep to the sound of pouring rain
I would change the channel now but I'm worried the moment I turn something good on he would wake up
I feel you,\n\nOr like I want to.
This game is so nerve racking
New Yorkers gotta have the rudest people in America I swear.
On and on my nuts I'm palming, take 2 of these and call me in the morning
aca recien vine del liceo , me voy hacer un cafe q tengo un ofrii jjaj
such a plot twist that brandon williams goes for gingers
idk how people eat fast food daily or drink sodas all day.
Ana me robo 20 pesos y mi canguro
Am I really hearing roosters at 330 in the morning???
These dudes can't even kick corners, got niggas taking shots and ending up in the top stands smh
It's also birthday today.. HOW NEAT IS THAT?? Hope it's a great one bud!
Idk why I believed it would be better
parents: you STILL have homework? me: YOU HAVE NO IDEA
what's with blonde girls falling in love with their brothers
Too late to buy in the $GPRO stocks?
i only got up and it started hurt.
Bitches getting carded
Everyone wants to smoke but nobody actually goes through with it. Tf wrong with you fools it's free bud
Summer is here. Id love to put the 5\/4\/3 wetsuit 5 mill gloves and 7 mill boots on right now and surf a good wave
Woke up from my nap thinking it was the morning time
Still not sure why I try so hard to do good things for people...Apparently I have a heart all of a sudden
Good thing I didn't buy a Neal jersey
I like to listen to corridors sometimes when I'm blown lol
Already bruised my shoulder because of these heavy bags. But hopefully this is the last time I will have to do this. :)
Checking out Pomona w\/ &amp; Carissa
I like how N.E.P.T.R. and Bmo hang.
I just want to rock all night long out the spot light on ya
Its gonna be the party of the yearrrrr
Fml!!!!!!! I'll be 28 when the next World Cup comes again!!!
It would be like a puzzle tryna put you back togetha
I Want you too Fill this Gap
Stevie J is a good friend for this.
life doesn't seem right now that pride is over
But inside I'm treading waters, steady tryna swim ashore
I think it shoud be the other way around tho RT\": imma beat ur pussy up\"
Starting my second job tomorrow
Haha this psycho ex-girlfriend is STILL trying to stalk my Instagram.. I denied her twice and 4 of her friends..
kuini hellla funny ! even im in a bad mood
Walk it off Clint
I ain't the type of nigga to care bout relationships
Take you down another level and get you dancing with the devil.
\"Jennifer important! I just said buttsnacks!\" Babysitting is so informative
If you show 0 interest in your kid's life and hit them if they try to share their millions of thoughts with you, then you shouldn't be a mom
thats not even bad tho at least you know she aint gonna run from the dick \"How you fuck 6 new dicks in one year and you not a hoe?\"
painting my face the american flag again if usa makes it to the round of 16
I need to break something now
I'm never sour I'm just smokin somethin much louder
Oh so nuhbady naa tell me weh mi miss? Sym den
Argentina is killin it!!!
Trying to find a job for the summer
This bitch is hit. Ashley looks like a gopher
GUYS MAKE SURE TO VOTE 20 TIMES EACH FOR FOR
The Portland Trail Blazers might just win the NBA championship in 2015!
Sundays about To go from really frickin awesome to not so awesome real quick..
if you check my tweets from two weeks ago nd even a snapchat from last week...my mom is a heat fan
I just want to sit in a pool with a drink in my hand.
3rd wheelin it turned into 5th wheelin it... I think I need a boothang
Bixler in disco is closed off there's a big house fire over there
If you don't wanna be judged then why you doin the stuff your doin
I absolutely hate girls idk how much more I could stress that. Catty pathetic people
The worst part about SF Pride is that none of the tourists understand that there's a cue area to get a drink.
I'm dying to go to PNC park this year
Thanks , now that my flight to Rio had to de-plane because of mechanical errors so we can bored anything... Where's our credit?
Forgot my phone at home for but IM STILL TWEETIN
THIS GAME IS STRESSING ME OUT
Although maybe less press will help Flowers. Struck me as more of a shadower. Not dissimilar to Dennard.
Bitch at my job talkin shit about me like my manager wasn't gonna tell me ... Bye bitch now you're fired !
The new clips for the opening song are sickk
El truco de ser buena amiga es estar en las malas primero antes que en los triunfos y guardar un secreto como si fueras una tumba!
I know you suck about 10 dicks a day and still have a bf but thats none of my business
Is she suppose to be cute or something? I don't get why she's taking all these pictures
It's actually stupid how hungry I am right now
Wouldn't be half the person I am if not for the gay men in my life. I don't see my rights as any more important than theirs
Grandma forcing me to eat right after eating.
That show about virgins looks good lol
He's got the while world in his hands.
Broken nose not broken heart
your header is a NO NO .
Howard's seriously AMAZING!!! Good for him
I would do literally do anything else than work in the restaurant business at this point.
no question Cher is the best tweeter
I'm so impressed with the job Roger Federer is doing for the US team.
Um, I don't want to seem pretentious, but I hated soccer WAYYYY before the World Cup
God her stylist always knows exactly what to put on her.
WHO WRITES THE SCRIPTS?!?!?
put your shirt back on, nobody wanna see that
I just taught Ashley how to twerk, a plus me
There are so many times that dan scott should have died
just tryna watch a scary movie and sleep
UH FUCK!! Altidore is done for the tourneys
On a scale of one to how free are you tonight?
I'm reading tons of negative things about the textbook rentals.. This is making my nervous..
\": Reunited w\/ \" I ship you two with
Ohhhhhh shit! Ashanti is about start shit!
Gooooaaaalllll in the first 30 secs!!
I pray chris workin today, I need a cut RIGHT. NOW.
do you ever want to just drive?
This place is called Smoketree Lane holy fuck is this some subliminal message about the residents here?
Who wants to walk home with me tomorrow
Drove on the thruway for the first time
Watching on Big Brother at Frankie's apartment...which he is not at...because he's on Big Brother.
Oh my GOOOOOOOAL!!!!
What a start for what a shot by Dempsey
Hold the door for her, then slap her ass on the way out
Tried to swipe left on Instagram because I thought I was on tinder. I need help
\": You can always tell us! And then we'll ask you -- how spicy do you want your curry?\" What!? Lmao!
\": What's better: pizza or pie?\" Pizza is a pie so this question is irrelevant
Wow Teen Wolf is all over the place right now. Super confused
North Carolina is currently suffering from the damage of Hurricane Arthur so to everyone from there, stay strong you'll get back your losses
Steadfast GOP members will forever have a problem with immigrants.... Fucking racist Assholes!!
Christiano Ronaldo. Nooooooooob
Should have just went with my gut feeling. my bad.
MY DAD PHOTOGRAPHED ALL OF ISSUES TODAY BACKSTAGE
I can't fuck with no men that can't help me with shit what else can you provide beside dick and a headache
Hypedddd, heading to L&amp;B Spumoni Gardens for the old man's birthday tonight. Let the food coma commence
This weekend will be epic!!!
And I know it's not like the main point of the movie but Leo's tie game is so peculiar. Look like my pediatricians
Young money loved my soul
Dear \/, enjoy this Gary Oldman interview. I'm sure I'll hate everything you have to say, negating his ignorance with your own.
I dont understand how people cheat either.
Music is the cute for a lot of things
Wondolowski should replace Altidore
Happiness comes with patience I guess
I'm rude. Wow yea sooo true look in the mirror babe. Before you cast a stone know where its going!
Turn your read off I don't wanna see when you read it for gods sake...
That was my dream guy you guyzz
My daughter hyper this belly just jigging
The Game Is Over !! RT : Did LeBron James check out of this game?
Bought some jelly beans from the gift shop. Channeling Reagan.
Bumpn to some 50 its only right since im out hea lol
This is the worst migraine I've ever had. Had to pull over.
Hell yea mom packed me string cheese for lunch, life is a beautiful thing
First Cameron spam, now Shawn spam. WHEN WILL IT END?!?
...by your (so called prophets and prophetess of God) lying to My people who listen to lies?
What the fuck they numb my leg for so fucking long for
- you broke uo with my bro . Not cool man. Na but you cool .
Thought i'd come home to change and go out but plans changed the second I sat in my bed and remembered how much I love sleep
Altidore. *America gasps*
Ashley just locked me in my bathroom and turned out the lights and said I can't come out until morning
Nas' Pulitzer Prize line... Let's just say it sounds different now.
Boredd as a motherfucker
France versus Germany on ? These programmers have quite the sense of humor.
The U.S would be lucky to tie this game.
A big goal from Andre ties it at 8
I'm not even bilingual I just watch ch.34 for the loud announcer
I bought a bra today that cost more than my cell phone and I'm not joking
There's a very real chance that I hate soccer season more than football season... Why all of the sudden does everyone give a fuck?
The drive back is seriously taking dock days
\": i wanna do somethin tonight but I'm in California lol jokes on u\"
Me voy a calmar, ya estoy quedando como el peor
Cleaning with a HeadChange is Fun,\nLol
My man Jones always comes to play!!
let's hope this summer is better
Applications are an overwhelming affair.
really don't want to go out tonight but I'm the only one of my friends wit a car so if I don't nobody can hit this party smh
I don't think the lady in front of me has ever been through a drive thru ... Or she just doesn't function well in general
west 40th street: assaulted by such an atrocious variety of smells and fumes that i instantly develop a fatal sinus infection and collapse
Neha playing match maker lmfao argh
WTF THATS NOTHING
One of the best decisions I've made is going to sleep before 12
The thing that gets me through Mondays....BACHELORETTEE
C Dubz just kissed my ear, let my birthday begin
Lol sum got ugly ass kids but some cute haha
My girlfriend is F'n crazy lol
sorry but good LORD this is the UGLIEST stadium I've EVER seen. Looks like when they upgraded Newpark Mall in 1994
Wow! Dempsey! USA!!!
Although I like the whole hand holding thing now .. it's cute lol
Got to stay high all my life to forget I'm missing you oooohhhh ohhhh
HOLY SHIT USA JUST WON THE WORLD CUP OMG REJOICE THE BRITISH ARE COMING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL
I need a hot jewish girl in my life
Year in Review at the AHLA annual conference
I hate when people think they can treat you however they want.
This girl is so fucking ugly it's not even funny.
Oh my god Messi is soo amazing!! His one goal in 3 World Cups is sooo great. He's the best ever
I always wanna eat at night
You let this world just have its waaayyy
If you ain't find something to die for you ain't fit to live.
I miss you baby!!!!
Costa Rica is giving me a heart attack!!
Boy who is this nigga \"Rasheed\"and why does he want me to catch a case
Thanks to the organization team; it was fantastic! Good sessions, people and lot of fun!
Cardio is kickin my ass right now! I'm so tired I can't move. And there's like one other person here lol
Messi just did a messi
That shipping shit ain't funny you little bitches
Anybody know where I can find a SnapBack that says SWAG on it??
If she uses the stair master like a dancing pole. She not there to work out, she's there to get n*ggas.
The sound of rain against the windows is such a perfect thing.
Oy because USA is going to win though.
Dog I cannot wait for this match. Restless already.
How bad of an idea is it to shower in a thunderstorm
Having the entire house to myself everyday is everything needed
Making fried Oreos again because they're just that good.
Actually didn't look like a wildebeest today, guess you can say I'm feelin myself
If were here I wouldn't be sitting here by myself watching tv
if your read receipt is off then i suggest you turn that shit on before you text me you sneaky motherfuckers
Pledge of allegiance to the nation of pump
so this didn't fuggin start at 7.... fashionably late is an understatement
Tomorrow is TUESDAY and All Patients 55+ Receive 10% off their purchase! Stop by and see what we have to offer you!
I'm more than enough company for myself.
Shut the fuck up its 750 in the morning theres no need to burst through my door and be a cunt mom
Fear the Dreads. Jones!!!!!!
Literally just ate 3 pickles because I was so hungry and pickles are great..
it's a good feeling to have someone in your life who isn't shady and actually cares
When niggas be like \" I used to talk to her \" lol no bitch all we did was text , never chilled , never did nothing , why lie ?
I'm so excited for Bianckas and it's not even July yet. Lol.
Why am I watching soccer this is so boring is hockey back yet??
last tweet cc THIS IS HAPPENING
\": My dad sittin here disgusted with the Heat lmaooo\" mine too LMAO
hi my name is ronnie. im an addict.
How long is graduation rehearsal gonna be ??
HE CANT PLAY ANYMORE
Never forget the stank face be safe kid
Ang is trying to turn me into a girly girl, nah not gonna happen
So annoyed man. Now my eyes are dry af smfh
some gay guy came up to me ln and asked me to give him a blow job...
It's horrible, one little evening alone at home, I end up with carpal tunnel syndrome :-( and here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
it blows my mind how some people are so selfish
Theres no \"in between\" on tinder. Its either the guy is extremely good looking or repulsively unattractive...
Is it bad I kinda don't wanna do anything?
Only certain people can call me by my middle &amp; get away with it.... It's a short list, my Ace is one of them !!!!!!!
When you are a subscriber to a channel on YT because of great content and all of a sudden they decide to upload more vlog content smh :(
always wondering what hes thinking about
They have mini model tents in sports authority and I asked what they were for. Nothing says regret like being an idiot
I honestly loose my make up bag every single day
the bearded guy directly behind home plate at yankee game tonight...
Everyone follow SHES SO CLOSE TO 1K AND TOMORROW IS HER BIRTHDAY!!!
I get to drive on the highway next week
It's over for the matching sweat suits
someone come over and smoke a lot of weed with me !!!!!!!!!! please !!!!!!!!!!!
20 minutes till midnight and I've already downed a whole bottle of kool aid, is that bad?
kind of wanna go to the pool today
Hate that song but respect him lol
Drank too much water and Julio is kneading his paws right on my darn stomach
Down goes ! Should've been a sweep but well take it. This was good for basketball and the NBA
Bears + Tank Tops + Major Side Boob =
Alright now I woke up 30mins early to hear this interview ...I hope angie don't give politically correct answers I want the truth
If I creep on someone's account Twitter follows them for me how bout no
\"Money can't buy your love because it's over priced\"
I'm not a jealous man but females lieeeeee
Work done. Now party time with my girl
I can't take all this snoring coming from these girls
Shoutout to for his great snapchat story
Teen Wolf is back. And they got to DJ! That's dope!
Cool Marla. Hide the fuckin hairspray
You'd be amazed how accurate the Loudest pop to Douchebag ratio is.
I am going to be surrounded by all my favorites this weekend and that's how I'll make it through.
Off to a good start.
Is it racist if i say everyone on the Ghana team looks the same
When I can't sleep, elephants always come to my mind. Fucking elephants.
Dammmnnnn they shit'n brick right now
Ill be around waiting for you, put it down, be the woman for you
-chas voice- having a face is so much work. id rather be slender man
Just want to be the old Gary, who use to get everybody fucked up, and higher than shit
Mad I couldn't make it to church this morning I really had the mind set of going but I was too lit I couldn't even get up
Sammy Fucking Watkins and Sammy Fucking Reinhart. If they're anything like Sammy Shaquille Gallivan was... My dear lord were in for a treat.
WOW JONES WOWWWWW SLOTTED THAT LASER FAR RIGHT
Tell me that you love me when you know you don't love but I guess it's all good
The fufu lame shit
Remember the time when I hung out with someone who was rolling last night and they slept more than I did because I didn't sleep
But this guy stu at frito named a Sunday morning shit after me because I take then often he said \"I had to take a Plumitallo\"
I told my mom that I'd get rid of the balloons when I get bored and I think it's getting to that point.
I want chocolate
wow nice hydraulics \nI hope you fall off
hmm so im thinking of buying myself a present for my bday. . im thinking of the xbox one and a tv lol
She right, i gotta fix shit
Every lady in the world need at least one brother in there life
I will find the fuck out and I will get the fuck upset.
Everything i do epic.
Bruh you actually don't understand how silky smooth and soft my legs are at the moment
Hurts my soul that two bags of groceries just amounted to $41
Army Infantrymen speaking Spanish -- to each other -- in an airport (obviously in uniform) both baffles and terrifies me.
LETS FUCKING GO JONES IS A FUCKING TANK
Anybody wanna share what they're doing for a rained out fourth? ... Cause I have no idea what to do
Had to wake up every 4 hours and fix my tubi
Ok I have to stop tweeting now people are looking at me.
Contemplating finishing this Portugal should easily be able to beat the US sorry, sue me
everything in my life is dying- phone, laptop, ps3 controller. goodbye world.
absolutely not fair.
it wasn't so bad til we closed at literally nothing had been started..
I can't believe that black face was a thing at one point in time
Karlie is toooo old to be doing all this gossiping
need someone to feed me while I drive cus this just isn't working out for me
\"Were the kids that play our music higher than we are\"
:( :( :(
best. idea. ever. : Dear House GOP: Just yield all your time to Trey Gowdy from now on.
I never thought i'd be stranded on the side of a road
Moms wearing a dress and wedges when we came to the park to exercise...wtf
think imma give samsung a try since i have no luck with apple
I hate when somebody tried to talk to you and you just don't. want. to.
Even the nicest people have their limits
At least babe made my bad day 10x better
THAT FIRE FOX COUNTER WAS DOPE
That moment when old drunk ladies request that you take your clothes off O_o
Had not one, but two bad experiences yesterday - really disappointing since they're usually so great!
his larger than life 6-11 299lbgirlfriend,who wears an Nelson UConn jersey around the meadow while cleaning up the scraps 2feed her fat face
I just want to know if I'm good enough or not
marry that girl and we'll be a family
CAMERON DALLAS please call me
MY NIGGA MY MOM JUST TOLD ME I HAVE LIFE INSURANCE.
Hell nahh i aint gone buy no nigga CD and support him and all he talking about is the expensive stuff he got and how much money he blowing
Really wanting to go sky diving for my 18th birthday!
Wow you really can't trust anyone . Not even the person you've been with for the longest. They'll switch up some how
LETS GO TO A BAR TONIGHT !!! , 1 more goal USA'!
The last time I went there I got the biggest migraine and shit sooo wish me luck
Lmao game just started
\"The absolute PERFECT start to the 2014 World Cup\"
hit me right in the butt \n\nhuh
Not crazy about the Uniforms. \n\n
Is he cute? \"No he looks like a dinosaur\"
Pain don't last forever. I'm telling you cause I been there.
I can make it right if I just forget my pride
Why am I still not asleep! I took freaking hydrocodone!!!
Oh no-Altidore down...this isn't good
Let's reminisce on the good time and the bad
I'm with all the boys and we all just freaked out, we're so pumped! LETS GOOOO!
KSJC 261100Z AUTO 30008KT 10SM SCT012 OVC020 16\/14 A2997 RMK AO2
Summer schedule is filling up but I have time for a remix or two. Discounted rates. Message me.
Not worth your time I guess.
A tie in a sport is like a movie that ends with \"to be continued\" and then they never make the sequel.
9th straight day at work and I'm running off fumes sen
Do you like to shit on people or be shit on?
Up early, ready to fuck shit up today.
SOHO! 645am and 715pm today! You ready for this?
Seriously you can leave. My vacation didn't seem this bad in till you came here
Finna bouta get cho ass beat
That thing where you stare at something too long then your contacts fall out of your eyes. I hate that thing
Ghana needs to fuckin chill. and pay our hospital bills.
GUYS. Cadet Kelly is on Netflix.
Really not surprised it ended this way
Cameroon there was a reason why you weren't getting paid.....
Outstanding red team, outstanding
Gosh let cook real quick...
The spurs are the white boy 3-pt shooting team of the NBA
Heat are gonna lay down N get rolled the Fuck over !!!!!
I'm so happy with almost everything in my life rn, I love this.
Idk I be trying be absolute BEST to maintain respect but some of these clowns need a good roasting.
in is one of the best productions of that play I've ever seen.
Reese's puffs and quesadillas: the go-to midnight snack combo
Uggghh I don't wanna get up
This niggga Vince on that ghandi shit
WEDNESDAY CAN NOT COME SOON ENOUGH I NEED TRANSFORMERS NOW. FUCK.
There's a bird outside making the same sound as crack kid omg
don't \"meh\" me or \"nom nom nom\" me
Your crazy and I'm out of my mind
the only fault in this episode was not showing face at least 30 times
Thank you, Panda and Strapping Hunk. But that was a close call.
Matt young getting a ton of cube meme material.
Great effort by the motherland, drinking ouzo tonight for certain
Someone jacked my Pride flag from my backpack (sticking out the zipper). I found it on the ground so I'm not out any $, but still annoying.
I want to thank 4 organizing a walk 4 some persons w\/disabilities about 3 wks ago. It was awesome
On a side note... There is a direct correlation between that goal and my empty glass
If u ever got hurt and couldn't play a sport you loved, all things fall apart with is the truth, shit had me thinking bout life
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE GET IN MY FACE LIKE SERIOUSLY AND THEN THEY TRY TO THREATEN ME BRUH.NOBODY HATES ME SO IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM IT'S
I keep thinking about stopping for food but then I remember I can't eat till 8:30 -_-
I am not above walking 10 miles to get somewhere I want to go.
OMG lol at my cousins ice challenge from Sac..crazy
Heading to tonight at ? Stop in today for your tailgating needs!
Okay. Whatever. I'm unfollowing people from school.
Asian women have some of the best swag!
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. Easy peasy :)
4th of July was ruined on Tuesday
Oh so there are THAT many stars. I remember now
I'm so exciting to see fireworks tonight on live television is NBC, but its at east river, and not going to coney island.
I said what needed to be said...
Looks like those more cards on court cases actually works
The got one back in the top of the third but score twice in the bottom to take a 3-1lead
This dumb bitch is like, \"my son comes here and gets sausage, chocolate sausage\" dumbass was tryna say kufta kabob Lmfaooo!
It ain't pretty, when a heart breaks
I hope they go back to Lake Laogai
Lmao I get a thing for white boys and Arabic deadass tho !! But you have to a cute was Arabic
It's ok baby, bc I stay a step ahead.
Just play with my hair. And scratch my back And buy me cute things And love me And tell me I'm pretty
no one misses anyone there's no reason to not see people
Does anyone know what time we have to be at the Stanley at?
Nice job !!!
Sometimes I continue typing shit even if I know it's spelled wrong cause I know my poppin ass iPhone gonna correct that shit.
In hockey shootouts the goalie at least has a chance to redeem himself if he guesses wrong
I'm pretty good with tools! \n\nI just kinked my FlexHose!
Next book club book: Herman Melville's Moby Dick to be discussed late-July. Let me know if you'd like to join!
This song just saids it all how I feel
Roommate just bailed on me. If anyone knows someone looking for an apartment in Carlisle, PA let a girl know
LMAO the heat better put in rick Ross &amp; dj khaled!
My aunt asked me at the last family gathering if I smoked.
i just really love 5sos im sorry
I'm hella mad my service is actually better
5-0 checkpoint. Too hot to leave
No one is here to ruin this for me.
cries racial saidpp
When people ask me if I'm gonna miss my family when I go to New Mexico&lt;&lt;
LIVE FROM THE COLISEUM! We're ready to go for coverage of the 2014 NHL Draft! TUNE IN!
Saw one of my old crushes yesterday and thank god I got over him
Fuccin goal !!!! Portugal can hold fees USA NUTS HOE !
aj sends me a picture of him and Vern and there's literally 4 computers in the back of them just chillin
I can't wait until he gets back!!
Who's gonna have your back when its all done
It's already 4 and I'm still in pajamas... That's so ate up!!!!!
Kionas phone got my tv fuc
I'm supposed to be cleaning my room &amp; bathroom but instead I'm laid up in my bed watching a movie
It's pretty cute seeing my parents FaceTime when they're apart
Straight up I get stupid honest when I'm drink
paperman. one of my favorite disney short films. &lt;3
beers on the deck with pops, good way to end a great weekend
I can speak for the rest but I know my life has been a mess &amp; now Im blamin It all on myself
My day was great...love my likkle life
I wasn't speaking fuckin French wth
Fuckk , thats some deep shit.
why can't you just magically slide in my DMs?
mom brought back tea from Colorado and there's little itsy bitsy mushrooms in it? help?
You said nothing felt as good as when you gazed into my eyes. Now you don't care I'm alive. How did we let the fire die?
if you don't like my mom bossing you around, get a fucking job and buy yourself a house far far away from ours
USA!!!! WITH THE EQUALIZER
Imagine if Indiana still had Kawhi
NO YOU'RE NOT ALL ALIVE FUCK THIS SHOW
I just want some beers and my main bitch
Nigga almost ended my non-professional career on a 50\/50 tonight.
Is it just me or is kinda boring now?
B-b-Baka... It's not like I was thinking about you or anything..!!!
\"What a cracker!\"
I've realized that I make myself more happy than anyone else can and that's pretty damn cool
No dude will amount to him
So many good conversations and acts of encouragement today!
Hyped for this France game!
My Aussie won't fucking text me back. Don't be a Dick bro.
Janoskians and the boys yes please
No lie I'm suppose to be sleep ... I'm up watching music tutorials
Matt blantely ran the red light but realized it while he was already past it and stopped in the middle of intersection
Si mi novia me dice que NO es NO
Es verdad yo me di cuenta de lo del permiso para el desfile
Is yo girl a terrorist? Cuz she blowin up my DMs
Lo que quieras, lo que pidas yo lo tengo. Si no existe lo que quieras, te lo invento
If my cousin said freakin one more time I'm gonna fucking strangle him
I need my carrrrr keeys .
Just be gay? You don't need to celebrate it
Where is everyone at right now
2 hour delay for a 1 hour flight, come on
Woukd have went but I already took my pre workout hahahah
Road trips with Merola are so entertaining lol
School is a coming and I can't say that I'm not looking forward to it.
Now I know how effective a kick to the face is
I am on top 3 of around 12 different people, I feel special
Lebron to chi-town
I would love to be drunk by a pool at this moment
i ate so much i can't move now!
I'm really feeling BWW... Too bad..
Bitch just called me n asked for a free weave ........ Ummmmmm No foh
Im gettin pissed off more n more by everyone!
Really considering hitting up the Made In America festival this time around
Just ate myself into a coma
I've never got up north from lakeside so quick lmaoo
-chas voice- stoopppp
First Iftar this Ramadan! Eat up
Just ate a whole box of cheese at dads forgetting I had chicken, baked beans and deviled eggs waiting for me at moms.. Oops.
I want it all to happen
we are not true friends if we never made a food run together late at night as a spur of the moment thing
If you were really an anarchist you'd follow the teachings of ayn rand
4 days and a wake up :)
Today's gonna be a good day :-)
\"Siento que la vida me muestra contigo su lado azul\"
Throwing breakable shit just sounds so appealing to me.
There's one thing that'll make this summer more awesome. That's you.
A dangerous piece of clothing called crop top
So far I have eaten a pastry for breakfast 4\/4 days I've been in New York. That's what you call a winning record.
The mute button is for people you mess with in person .. But have annoying tweets
Being lonely is one thing, being alone is another.
Ghana definitely dominating now.
Wow amazing defense keep it up!!
I will kill a kid. This kid is taking selfies with his Kings hat in the Garden.
I can fucking walk bro shit.... bakakakaka
Where's carman ?!? CARMAN WAKE UP I KNOW YOU GET MY TWEETS SENT TO YOUR PHONE
this nigga annoying
raven... seek up... ahhh and they come back and slap ya in the face with awesome :)
knowing the type of woman I am , \nI should just get everything I want .\nI shouldn't have to ask for it\nbecause it's obvious I deserve it .
Driving through Chinatown and the seniors are in full effect. Badminton rallies, chess, tai chi. Its beautiful.
Im doing this for my best friend love you vanessa 20
Can't believe I got so burnt today this has never happened in my life
once i shut down emotionally, it's hard for me to comeback.
He starting early to bring something home tonight lol I don't blame him
And then we decided that if Smokey the bear was in our game, he would be a cr8 dire bear.
Drunk texting with other drunk people is like watching two toddlers trying to high-five.
Uhhh, it's getting hot in new york.
Sometimes I just really have to ask myself what the fuck is wrong with me
I'm just glad heats didn't win \n
these 2 blonde bitches are so annoying
I'm not real, I think I never was.
I wish I could live on the beach
Flyness don't come where you have to00 figure out what to wear juu heardd
someone please come help me baby sit
Tom Hanks didn't eat all those chocolates on the moon so we could lose to Germany.
Twitter is about to erupt
night hike round two just isn't the same but the stars are magnificent
Snowpiercer is phenomenal. Bong Joon Ho reimagines every genre in which he works.
Light anotha for those who hold it down for me
Irish be getting it done in America
When is it gone be hot shit
i'm sure i'll do fine but also i feel sick
These nigga broke these niggas lazy
Is this kick boxing or nah
Gotta be Wondo, right?
You sound dumb af for saying you not gonna give her my last name stupid
I hate to say this, because I've LOVED the first three Transformers movies....but this one, was GOD AWFUL. Three hours of my life, wasted.
this cut on my lip makes me look like I used to have a cleft palette or some shit
Whoever loves discipline loves to learn' whoever hates to be corrected is stupid
a mutual i love(d) unfollowed me thanks
Please support like
I'm done with dm's I got like 20 more
Ive been sending texts to the wrong people all day
It's gotta be Wondolowski
Why is lebron playing soccer
Shout out to my fellow classmates
Happy birthday to aka J.R. the Writer! I hope you haven't gotten too left coast on us homie!
Artichokes = best excuse to eat melted butter for dinner
I finally get to set up a job interview!!!
Welp that's really bad news.....
This guy is gonna miss look
\"you know what this is wifey material\"
Alright how many times do I have to open the fridge before something good appears
I wish I had friends
Tbh, my dad is getting on my last nerve.
that I don't get hangovers
Being at the game for Timmy's no hitter has to be one of the highlights of my life so far
I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow
this rain reminds me of edc...
Why the FUCK did skip NYC on his tour?????????
I MISS HOCKEY SO MUCH OH MY GOD
If I date a girl I need at least 2 days during the week to myself were we don't hang out
And I'm too fly for this shit
Yall hoes mad yall cant afford them real uggs, yall got them airwalks
Let's do something for 4th of July
Should be playing street hockey and listening to survival with the boys before a should be Game 6!!!
You find out who really fucks with you when summer time comes..
I'm a big transformers fan tbh
Secretly, I pretend to be Keri Hilson in the song.
nice fanny pack where can I get one?
He is just jamming to his own beat and everyone else is just chillingly swayin
when someone says, \"let's be friends\", it's a nice way of saying, I'm phasing your ass out my life so prepare yourself.
All these honeys in their \"summer scarves\" prolly smellin' like tuna cans full of bum piss.
Only Jim can come up with these workouts
Just walked straight into a branch because I was texting -_-
gonna destroy capitalism by making my own shampoo and face wash this summer
Have you been to yet? It's the hottest new spot to be!!
A girl and her grill
LIKE THANK YOU FOR CALLIJG ME FAT I REALLY FUVKING LIKE HEARING THAT.
\": Everything happens for a reason\"
Sharing our 2015 Ford F-150 tonight at the meeting in S. San Francisco. Beautiful weather!
Dgaf bout ya background, you make it personal and we'll have a problem that you'll regret, I promise.
You gotta find what you love and let it kill you
Do you believe that Eve had Adam in check?
Older men. DASSIT.
It is typical that I need a phone cord when i have every other God damn cord in the house
Thanks for nothing.
Je galere today je vais dodo tot in sha Allah
Just so I don't have to sleep alone lol
Another great day here at rocky neck state park
Why does this have to happen to me
My sister makes me laugh way too hard for my own good .-.
If did his promos in black &amp; white they would look so cool... Just saying
Jay Ellis is my baby father
As soon as I took off I take my Harvey jersey to show my Daniel Murphy shirt underneath, murph hits into a double play. Sick
I want to feel better but you won't let me
Alright one hour rolling around in bed is over. I'm up. .....
not sure why but I hate starting a message with a capital letter
Fun fact. Jesus is my grandma.
WHAT A FUCKIN SHOT!!! USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
Congrats to the class of 2014!! Word of advice: Enjoy every bit of summer, college will come and believe me it will FLY
I'm an emotional wreck already and I don't leave for two days .
Yo, fuck me, man.\nOnly guy in the world who can make a girl swoon one minute and lose interest the next.\nSo out of practice.
Never needed loud so bad
I like babysitting just not my own cousins. I see them 24\/7
*stares into her eyes**drops pants* \"I saw this in a pornography\" - Allen Hangover part 3
I don't like getting ready this early. Because I'm too lazy D;
But really though I'm going to Cobleskill and I'm still spending an arm and a leg
Gonna back all of Black Hippys work this year, even Jay Rocks album. Dl'ing AbSouls new shit right now
Why do I even care? It's not like you do.
Yooo my scalp is so sun burnt
Finishing a great night off with some writing.
I was riding my bike with a friend but we had to come home lol cuz it started to rain &amp; i don't play bout my hair lol &amp; took a shower
ronaldo 88' pen that knocks tim howard's beard off
I finally got you out of my head, and suddenly your essence began to orbit my skull all over again with even greater intensity.
Im at work. Not doin work.
But u won it babe cause your pharell and you do no wrong .
Damn let's go
Sub beastly out please!
please 2 more dAYS 2 MORE DAYS
also hadda figure out what month it would be 142 months from now lol
k now I'm at the house in Bburg, but it's somewhat less ridiculous than that New Yorker piece may have led you to believe.
Beautiful day for lunch outside
But until then, baby i got you.
My prayers were answered and the N train went express instaead of local. That's why I always say Im living on a prayer.
Feels so great to have a clean room
NECK DEEP CHANGED THEIR SIGNING TO 30 MINUTES LATER IM ??? I WANNA SEE VOLUMES BUT IDK
\": Happy G Day brogod\" goodlookin god make sure you come out of hiding today &amp; fuck w niggas
niggas be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you
His hands around your neck after &gt; RT : Writing on a niggas car &gt;
well guy code has me cracking up after a pretty lackluster catfish
Why doesn't luke Hemmings like me
idk bout you, but i know my summer gonna be dead.
I'm probs the only teenager that doesn't have to ask for money to go out but I stay home cause I can't drive
I have the biggest craving for the pb&amp;j and chocolate milk they served back in elementary school
Shows how using championship on a player's individual greatness is irrelevant since it's a team effort.
I'm bored what's up twitter world?
I wish somebody made guidelines on how to get up off the sidelines
.fans have been awfully quiet of late. Cc
Yesss. El messiah
Why does havasu have to be so far?
dentro de un rato se me van a caer las lagrimas de la bronca
I think I want some warm milk mmmm yeah
I'm probably going to watch the awards, crack jokes about them, and make comments. But at the end of the day I still hate BET.
penalty kicks are too intense even if the game sucks
korang ny..bile nak settle problem ah???
I smell like I've been in Mexico for 5 days.
Nothin' impossible, all u lames showed me what not to do.
I'm so fuckin high right now I just bought a lava lamp online... That's all I have to tell you
Opening to just got me JACKED UP!
I need food in my system
In the big city Bitches
Got too much pride for my own good right now.
Had to come.e inside..outside chilly af
Got too much pride for my own good right now!
Andy's parents gave him a $70 gift card for a car wash place.
Hicksville is the most boring town to live in
Congrats to all my Costa Rican friends that are too drunk to read right now!\n
This first intersection when you turn onto MONTROSE off of kenwood. Magic intersection.
My room is like a constant night club in the middle of nowhere that's really messy with a lot of cats
When mikes alarm clock goes off at 630 am I'm gonna be pissed
Stephanie just called herself a southern girl...yaokay
S\/o Ryan Kesler, further vindication on my theory how hockey players truly are. Big baby.
Didn't realize it was 6:15 when my boyfriend called me this morning. Honestly thought it was like 8. Thanks
- Are you Italian?\n- Yes, of course!\n- Ooooohhh, BALOTELLI!\n- ...\n\nE tutti dicono la stessa cosa!
My phones already on 48 .. Fml
When I grow up I want to be a Toys R Us kid.
But Rita's tho I still want it !
Portugal's Red Sox player leaves the field...
I want Tatiana to rub all her goods on me
It's so much I want to do with so little money lol
If someone comes over and massages aloe on my entire back of my body yu can have the rest of my Ralph's (it's delish)
So ready to see these basketball tweets come to an end tonight.
Any blondes wanna kiss? Id even accept dirty blonde
Not wearing a bra in public is actually very liberating
Just saw \"The Fault in Our Stars.\" That was a 3-hanky movie....
I've always loved the yankees and my life
Damn my boy leaving of to Maryland today man. Go out there and prove your worth early, grind and all that. If not, Barry gon be
where is the loyalty tuh
My little cousins are so snobby lmfao
al fiinn la concha de la loraaa ahora tiene mas colorr dalee viejaa l!!\"
Playing hide and seek in an empty house&gt;
Lee brice - i dont dance &gt;&gt;
Bri and I just got that Fourth of July arm pump along with every other person in bayville
Medyo hindi na ganun ka blonde yung buhok ko, tsk wrong move. Dapat hindi nako nag kulay! Tsk
OMG World Cup live is following me
\": If stress was a drug, I would be high as fuck.\"
Damn, what a loss for them by 1, they gave their best though
Just a shout out to treat all retail persons with kindness today and not remind them of how they are missing out on fam\/ friend time.
MOVE BITCH GET OUT DA WAY
leave it to Sprint to give me no service inside of my own house but full bars in the MIDDLE OF THE OCEAN
Psychic spies from china try to steal your minds elation
Creeping on someones instagram and liking their photo from 56 weeks ago lmao...
Guys Like That Is The Reason Us Girls Refuse To Try Again.
Swear no ay persona mas coda que mi hermana
Having photographic memory is a gift &amp; a curse.you remember every little things that was nice and never forget every pain it caused as well.
Girls have too many \"best friends\" that wouldn't even make their MySpace Top 40...
USA USA !!
MY PUSSSSUYY YSAAAAA
I don't really give a fuck &amp; my excuse is that I'm young.
I will always have a soft spot for people with a sense of humor
\"Put on some lipstick and pull yourself together\" more like put on a strap on and fuck your problems
Damn for a second when the announcer said \"for the Africans\" I was like dude lost his mind, then I realized that theyre actually FROM AFRICA
Sweet blonde Mohawk highlights Ghana
I'm on my way to my drug test and I've chugged two bottles of water and still don't have to pee. fml.
at least I was oversea 3 weeks this month, my phone bill won't shock the living daylights out of my m9m....
They're shooting off cannons in Battery Park.
Not worth staying here for summer wtb in canada is where its at!
Why is Sweet Frog open on Sundays if it's religiously affiliated?
Wegmans will be closed from 330-12. Jk I'm working then. But seriously don't you have better things to do than go to Wegmans on the 4th?
Gab and sky r my best friends fuq everyone else
We're all just ticking time bombs
Cmon USA beat Portugal!!
Why cant US have the later game so i can sleep in lmaoo
All i wanted was holiday gainz
This girl is getting a tattoo with this guy who she just met. My god.
My phone is band themed right now with one direction and 5 seconds of summer
eeeeeeverything is pissing me off rn
Did Israel try to make a new language without using dots. a and b
Old timers day follow by USA vs Portugal.
Ya never realize how addicted you are til ya say you're gonna stop then can't
I don't actually have swag, today was just leg day.
The one bad part about living in Jersey is that there's not a lot of people who religiously follow hockey. That sucks
I told myself I would never run and do insanity on the same day again... And that's happening. I may be on bed rest tomorrow
Cuando peru vaya al mundial, me vale pito, a congelarnos el culo a rusia he dicho crj mierda
Jon Andrysiak fucked Mike Manuella pass it on
Hot pockets &gt;
Watching Zapped. And is super pretty.
You can always count on Victoria to fuck good things up
If this is to end in fire, then we should all burn together
can someone bring me ice cream to my house please
Time To Turn On My Twitter And Translator For Tonight ...
Idk it's just wooden and sitting on my table he used a drill and everything
Still wanting to watch The Fault In Our Stars.
i luv driving
Wait since when did sex become about their needs.
gravei a muisca ''porque ainda te amo'' e eu cantei po edu aahahah
After trying to get at an 18 yro &amp; it not working. I figured I should talk to someone my own age. Update: I still fucking hate 14 yro boys.
A subtle power, a tough love
like where did our creator come from? \nnothing is still something in a sense so...how? l
I want a denim pencil skirt.
I want your body \nEverybody wants your body \nSo let's jack\nCome on let's jack
lookin for some hot liberal men in the house
I've been going back and forth between twitter and snapchat all night
Pretty excited to finally go to the beach tomorrow
Direct TVs commercial with the lady marionette is really creepy and weird.
I just want to cry for that poor Greek man
They hate you, then they love you, then they hate you again
Of all the unpredictable offseason possibilities, LBJ would have to go to the NFL to top Kidd being traded to Milwaukee for two 2nd rounders
We love, I live and never learn. I crash, I burn, you leave, I hurt. Like clockwork
The fact that my mom is practically forcing me to apply to Ohlone for the fall and return to CSUN in the spring semester is fucking stupid
\": all y'all that claim to be my friends have sure been throwin' some shade since summer started.\"
You look for problems. Like searching for tits on an ant.
Altidore is the epitome of floating oceanic waste
It would appear that Game of Thrones finale is on in 90 minutes.
RVD is trying to fight him back
LOL WOW MOM
Halftime score: BSC 43, Team 37
You are the smell before rain , you are the blood in my veins.
The only thing that I can think of why Vidal Nuno is still pitching for the is that he's pitching for free
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight? - Dan Curtis
I will not apologize for wanting to marry cute guys! Just everything else.
Tim, I love you
1 step forward... 100 step back...
Is the crowd booing? That's pathetic
Favorite battle you've been in?
So annoyed I could punch a fucking hole in my wall
Wondering if I can get all the way through the YO fad without figuring out exactly what YO is.
Nisi riba ako na bar jednoj slici na fb-u nemas opis \"Say something about this photo\"
I feel like in hell you're forced to brush your teeth with warm water and wear socks to bed
Oh my Ginobli
Summer 09 was 5 years ago......
Listening to make you wanna pull up on someone
if Avon found me reactive I shoot myself in the face
I blew $100 on random shit today..oops
do you ever just listen to matty sing live and feel like crying cause its so beautiful and want to see him live?
I wish I was a rapper so my first album could be called Fruit of Zaloom
Silicon Valley has got a terrible habit of only producing for the top 1%.
Wish you'd understood how much I genuinely care and give a shit about all this
Nobody drinks the tea in this house... Aren't we supposed to be English?
So proud of my BFF for being fabulous with her NYC big girl job! You do amazing things &amp; I can't wait to cheer ya on! Love you!
The map my run app won't let me map my run from the bed to the couch.
Ready to be outta here for a few weeks
That feeling when you take off your bra, and pick up your pencil &amp; pad &gt;
MESSI JUST FUCKING YAS
Any predictions for USA-Germany? If the US can pull off an upset, it would be 2-1.
I been busy all day. Ima hit the gym
I can go out every night of the week and go home with anybody I meet but it's just a temporary highhhh
Paco is talking shit about shabazz and it's making me cry
Does anyone know what I could do in order to get sleep
Wair what another goallllllllll usa
You want it , I got it
I wish I had wood flooring ):
Go Team USA!!!
This people better know what they are doing
I deadass told someone to lemme borrow their cellulite pockets in their legs for my keys and wallet bc my shorts didn't have pockets
yoooo0o0o0 thank god mark forgot about wcw hahaha its thursdayyyy turnn upp
COMMERCIAL FREE Monday mini Mix with and is on an Station!! :-)
What?! Put Waldo in!!
Little bombay in my minute maid coolata to start the day off right
Ouuu We Litt!!
Definitivamente la frase no se puede hacer feliz a todo el mundo es tan cierta!.
I do play dumb tho it reveals people trust me
Girls cheat just as much as guys but girls are better at getting away with it
If we have another pig roast we wont get a DJ again but there will still be lots of people, food, and dynamite to blow stuff up with so
When Kelsey and I hangout we just sit on opposite sides on the coach and watch our own Netflix shows with headphones in
How can I love when I'm afraid to fall
I don't understand how someone could edit their pics that much
Absolutely heartbroken over . So raw and true. EVERYONE READ IT.
Ooooooooooo fack yahhhhhh bawdddd
So who's making the pic stitch for America?
Being so intensely interested in someone but you don't want to be the only idiot and get turned down
It's hard to know who's on your side, most of the time.
Oh man!! Manu!!!
\": la gets: \n\n- janoskians \n- every celebrity \n- m&amp;gs all the time \n- digitour \n- vidcon\n- EVERYTHING \n\nWHYYYY\"
All of my friends can tell right away when I'm in a salty mood
Anal is life
AMERICA....FUCK YEAH.....GO TEAM USA!!!! USA...USA....USA.....
I'm being serious
LOLOLOLOLOL \"she looks like she got hit by a very large trolley\" -
Bringing beach balls mean nothing if they don't make it to the floor, bunch of amateurs
In terrified of lightning, I don't know what's wrong w all y'all.
When a random guy pops through the wall at graduation and asks you to fix the Class of 2014 sign
Tell your new friends that they don't know you like I do
And all of America just screamed at the same time
\": This time, last year, everything was so different.\"
I don't take shit personal from somebody who doesn't know me PERSONALLY !
is this house of cards or veep?
\"BENSONS BALLERS ARE GONNA WIN THIS\"
Based on the sound of Civic Center Plaza behind me, GOOOOOOAL !?
USA fans could start a USA chant anywhere at anytime, and that's why I'm proud to be an American
If I get sick during Jeff Koons week I'll kill myself
Oh shit Lani is going ham
Yawn three times and my eyes turn into waterfalls.
Hands down the most chaotic boarding process of my life. Ready to be back in Florida
At the Yankee game with my father, and just sang the best damn National Anthem I've ever heard. Such great luck!
Don't know why people be scared to go to philly
I'm In Hopewell for , along with a whole bunch of other people. The line for the is crazy.
I'm always a lot quieter when I watch TV alone
I'm not a hipster update is leaving me dressed as a hipster
\"No man is entitled to the blessings of freedom unless he be vigilant in its preservation.\" -Douglas Macarthur
Because there aren't people like that anymore..
Told this Asian lady who was going through our trash that I called the cops on her. She dipped so fast.
I like those button up shirts with hella stuff on em but everyone's a hater but idc
Sext: pow pow is a little fire cracker
ok, Costa Rica: claim the victory.
I was suppose to be off at 5.. I am just now taking my half.. Wtf
Don't slip, don't slip cause a nigga might push up on it don't really wanna lose this moment
So I changed most people minds at work to make it gym Wednesday instead of wing Wednesday!
And this is why you should have brought Donavan.
I AM GETTING ARRESTED TONIGHT THIS IS HAPPENING USA USA USA USA USA
Clint Dempsey !!!! !!!!
Hehe. RT : Man United signed Nani to a 5-year extension. Good luck with that.
In order to be called a drug the substance is tampered with chemically, therefore marijuana is not a drug
I'm gunna shove that mic up her ass
Hey are you bacon bc i wanna see you strip
Wasnt a good idea to go to the bank in this rain
Can't wait to see where jahii carson goes in the draft
I'm not okay\n-\nClassic but always so perfect.
Awkward moment when my dad calls and is like I'm outside Billie's house I saw ur car wanna go to Ralph's lmao. Only my dad
Dont make me waiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit dont make me sayyyyy it out loud
this nigga robin thicke just showing they text messages.
I wish I had all the munchies in the world in my house, but my parents never buy stuff like that
If you've listened to my previous style of music you'll know it's different.
took me 20 years but as of this moment I've accepted that I'm the black sheep of my family, I am the odd one out it's WHATEVER
statistics show that I am not cut out for the world of statistics and all that comes with it
te doy un consejo , nunca digas nunca :) nunca lo digas
It's sad when a complete stranger asks me what's wrong &amp; none of my friends nor family members do\n\nNow you see why I stay alone
Literally go watch my GIRLS FROM HIGHSCHOOL VINES RN GO
Anyone at the taproom?
Omg I want a chimi so bad! With the chinola juice of course
You happy , you got ur attention lol
do i regret what i did prolly
Fuck Tim Duncan
Damm my neighbors mom is hella loud she mad ...
Angie Martinez interview on the breakfast club this morning. I'll be tuned in.
When you eat like crazy at iftaar.
Aww i love my brother's friends they are all so nice :)
Going to Ny in 3 hours and I just can't go back to sleep. Sleeping early doesn't always work, when your sleep schedule is erratic..
What. A. Shot.
I complain that nobody texts me but then I'm horrible at replying lol
All my niggas ball . All my niggas stunt
Costa Rica looked like one of the best teams in the tournament today.
I feel like tweeting but don't know what to tweet.. So ya
When they say \"i was on vacation\" that really means \"i was locked up\"
Im Going To Light This World Up As My Stage
\": Flopped to oblivion tho\" Lol still a push
Sea of red white and blue in Brazil.
I take way too many selfies
I love you too much to use your name and not mean it
GOD that Cameron Diaz and Jason Segal movie looks horrible.
Happy \"we're better than you and probably beat you in a war\" day
Cause I got a dope life and I do dope shit
and dragging tiff around is a pain in my ass
Barbora Zahlavova Strycova def. \nAlla Kudryavtseva 6-2, 6-2 in the 1st round of .
trying to smoke out this window is so impossible like y r there so many kids out
literally have the knees of a 60 year old man
So I'm Not From Houston But Is The Spot. You Ma Favorite Player And I Want You Ta Get A ring N Mayb More
what do i do with my hair
Getting up early to have some me time before all these kids wake up was much needed
JERMAINE MOTHERFUCKING JONES
I swear I find a new mosquito bite everyday
Just woke and thought it was tomorrow and it is still today. Heck yeah
I lost my voice as a result of last night
\"I always feel like some bodies twatching me..\"
