dad why the FUCK are u powerwashing my bedroom windows at 1030 in the morning
Warlord: don't step on my property, don't talk to my woman or disrespect my family or play with my money
Just saw a man devour a pig eye. Yes a pig eye.
Livin betta now livin betta now
Bruh Winco chicken is so fire idc what anyone says
Maldito sea el hombre que confia en otro hombre.
I kinda feel like is my gay bff
My childhood dream of finally being able to buy fireworks just came true
The whole team &amp; def gonn be hittin y'all with visuals real soon
Watching American History X at 2:35 in the morning is an old pastime of mine
I need a denim vest, but I can not for the life of me find one in any store. My life is a joke.
I miss all my natomas middle school friends
what words do I need to use in order to get the internet to send me a pizza ?
I haven't written a song in a while...
Just got home from work &amp; just got paid $$$
Wouldn't it make you sad to feel this vibe? Mhmm.
posted 3 pics on insta today i think i just hit a new recordd and idt i like it
All my brother talks about is what he wants to buy from traxxas and it's really annoying cuz he will never shut up about it
Who wants to go out with me tonight ?
My arms are on fire right now!!
Never trust a bitch who says she \"moves on quick\" good girls take at 6-12 months to move on from a man they was really in love with.
that little scar under scott's eye is the reason i akkskskakaaksone e
Forgiveness is the scent the lavender evokes to the heel that has crushed it.\n -Buddha
If you're an adult and you're eyeshadow has glitter in it ... LOL than you fail
I dont even wanna see or speak to oomf this weekend
What are you doing awake Nina ? Insomnia ?
I am so proud of myself. I went to the Beverly center today and I only bought two things.
Roman Reed touching explanations on why we should educate for stem cell research to be embraced by public community.
This is why I only get opi on my nails cause this cheap shit come off to fast ugh
Though the rowing class probably has something to do with it too
I train nyc taxi cabs to be bike friendly
I love people that use semicolons in the wrong places; keep tryin to spice your life up b
\": i still think its 2012\"
lol mom has the weirdest alarm songs...and also so many different alarm clocks
Who wants to get scooped up &amp; see a movie??
life should be more about trying to be happy than trying not to be sad
Huele a peligro estar contigo
+ how could I forget? Sol wore a kilt for a month straight and bought Manny bagpipes.
I cries so much when I saw Toy Story 3 for the first time
Gabriela in the studio today. Making everybody sexy. Not sure how much sexier I can get. Jk.
Please never ever ever ever ever invest in a company until you've looked at their (preferably audited) financial statements
Not going to lie, those cupcakes came out pretty dope.
Jack &amp; Kate are trying to stop London from being destroyed &amp; the \"Tac Team\" they get as back-up is 2 guys? Is everyone else busy?
If I have to go to Salem I will kms.
If you're the friend who expects me to choose, expect to be the friend who doesn't get chosen.
And you tell me not to tweet about you lol
You're such a sun spot :)
How do you live having a never ending crush on your friend?
Him: how do you look? Me: like a person. Him: I've heard of those on the internettt\nLmao he gotta be buzzed
Come with me in the time we'll grow, dedicatin slow jams on the radio I know you're happy I can feel your passion
Just tapped Phantom Empire, KSA, Alt-Bier, &amp; IPA
Your old avi was better js
\"what are you saying bro, hes just chillin\" - bellal
shawty on the phone talking mad fufu shit lol
I hate when girls say they don't wanna be tall because they won't find a man I'll take being 6'5 and getting scholarships over a guy any day
What's weird to me is that politics have somehow become about money in the first place. Cap campaign contributions? End lobbying?
Wilmer defendiendo a Demi, ahora se gano todo mi respeto
Love how just defend with 7
cancers are the best sign in the zodiac.
We didn't have to do a moment of silence this weekend :)
Y so many wasted shots?
Chris young is crushing the ball lately. 3 homers 2 days
I get treated like im 5 but Im expected to make huge life decisions by myself.
I have a strange fascination with the movie Argo, specifically a very hot 70's inspired
I need my body right &amp; tight for LA
Don't ask a question if you aren't ready for the answer.
Watching some seasons of how to make it in America
I am wayy too civil on tinder.
As soon as I start to feel okay, something reminds me I'm not
You're sort of a bizarrely honest guy
QUE GOLASO !!! 34 SECONDS IN LETS FUCKING GO !!!!! CLINT DEMPSEY !!!! IM HYPE !!!!
\": Tim Howard is such a boss\" Finally he's playing like himself!
you're my end &amp; my beginning
all I wanna do is vibe with you.
They were Oreo creme filling tho?? Never heard of but let me tell u, they are delicious
I like to think of it not as a but rather, a UPS .
there's like 1.5 people I need to fuck before leaving nyc tbh
People on my train that barely speak english asked me to let them know when it was their stop and then immediately fell asleep. thanks guys.
Goal for today: Push up onto top 200.\n\nCan we do it?
Parker is scoring like Zidane out here!
USA chances may have just been lost
Either you like bacon or you're wrong.
I'm still mad that open goal wasn't even blocked by goalie
I know he's an actor but still
Can she freestyle in some street battle? No?
I fueled UP my BMW at the fair oaks Citgo. A nice Hasidic man asked directions to the store. I told him, shook his hand. Welcome man! Love-Y
I can already tell today's bout to be &gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm just trying to be surrounded by some real shit.....
I can sense people's fakeness through text. It's like a 6th sense.
FUCK EUROPE FUCK ASIA FUCK AFRICA FUCK SOUTH AMERICA FUCK AUSTRALIA FUCK CANADA AND ESPECIALLY FUCK MEXICO
I need drugs in my life
I want a pet flamingo so bad
You talkin all this shit but you're ugly sooo ?
Watching the game in a real live sports bar with and Smash. I'm terrified.
Y'all STILL with the whole \"I don't text first\" shit? Y'all childish as fuck.
What Happened To: To Being Able to \"Delete\" Things.
I hate working at the back of inwood, service fucking blows.
I can't wait till I move out.
Bitch sit down before I sendddd itttt
Example A: the 1975 cover of What Makes You Beautiful. \n\nIt is beautiful and makes a crap song actually sound like a love song.
Trop d'pd dans le rap parlent mal
When did Michael grow a beard
That's some female shit for a nigga to follow me to see my shit then unfollow me
No doubt the Ghana jerseys are dope
time flies , my brother is really graduating tm
Your so bad girl , your so awful ...
.Do what? Show the even uglier side of white supremacy? No worries, we know U R not the majority, just a stain on society
always so much negative energy in this house :(
Great have to go to the fucking hospital.
Am I the only one who thinks writing a one page paragraph is over the top? Is this really college?
I wanna put on my tv, but I don't wanna wake anyone up. Why do I have to be so thoughtful?
Goin to get my lil nigga out of jail lol smh
she gets down just like Lindsay Lohan.
couldn't live without the stuff, every female suits the red lippy it's just perf
final panamericano arg-bra. Vamos gladiadores, vamos argentina
Fuck these other niggas I'll be right by your side til 3005 (I'm lying)
My mom asked if I was gay... Wtf
Boss ass bitch will forever be my jam.
First off We have no Independence ..We all slaves believe it or.not lol They should just call it cookouts and fireworks day
It's only been a day since school let out but I already miss my kids. I don't miss lesson planning though lol
OH MY SCHNOZZ
anyway, if you want something you gotta go get it.
Clint Dempsey's too nice son
Hell naw who the hell is and what the f**k he say*
How is it that everyone elses beach hair looks gorgeous or good at least but mine literally looks like shit
You need a word of inspiration! Join Monday at 9:00pm EST for ONLY 30 Minutes! Call-1-857-232-0157;Code- 356888
I will never abandon this jeep\nOnly stiles
The biggest cry baby on the planet... coach
\"With Rick-Rock beats yeah fella I'll rock ya\"
Babe looks hot and shit but she sounds a little off
Is Ronaldo injured, tired, old, or what?
\"Cal Pomona,\" Mike? SMH.
So I'm still drunk and I have a black eye
Vacano que no me crea (Y)
Damn it Carla look what you're doing to me
Funny story time: My mom my brothers and I were all standing in the kitchen, my mom said \"Okay, im going to bed\" and I said \"wait, I have +
I don't understand android\/the google play online store. This is stupid. How is there not a top social apps page?!?! Wtf?
I wanted to do hood rat stuff with my friends
The orioles fucking suck at home.
No frowns round here boy we all smiles
And here we come with the dumbshits who don't understand how insurance works.
Hmmm do I want verde or jamba..
American you know i had to cop that foreign
Now I know whose been texting me... Haha
At the end of the day you make me think to myself how did I get so lucky to have you in my life, would I always be so happy like I am now ?
Shit not Dempsey too
When the fuck is tori coming home like fr she don't deserve this shit at all.
Riguardo le foto sul telefono e circa una cinquantina di tentativi imbarazzanti di farmi una selfie a Gr. Central Station.
Ghana's strategy: injure the entire American team
Manu looked like harden right there lmao
W0ke up like di$ (squirming from a nightmare and hear exhaustion at 5 am not that I ever sleep well to begin with).
Can my face be pretty so I can take a decent selfie ?
If I'm not the only one, I'm not happy.
No girl better be asking my boyfriend for shit. If you texting him \"just because\" i have a problem with you. And thats just that.
I just wanna go to the beach... is that too much to ask???
You smell like a turtle tank
I'm going to make a zine that's like an alphabet book of punk bands. \"B is for Bikini Kill...\"
I think it's so funny when girls stand by themselves, indoors, in a bikini, with someone else taking their picture
Coco is a true American hero
So is that a yes..or a no or....
Perfect start to this game
narrows access to birth control and abortion. If they can't repeal the 19th Amendment they can at least keep women knocked up.
The later it gets the lower my tolerance
Hehehhehehe like Velcro it. I'll glue on some Velcro for makeshift pubes
The fosters is back tomorrow!!
Fuck me you know I got it
Why is oomfs mom so hateful
My bestfriend is kind of a Dick, minus the kind of
Read the new Harlen Coben book. First book read in 2014. Having a kid will do that to you.
Your hashtags is the sadest thing
Miserable.. Someone please come save me ahhhhhh.
You're on twitter.. Alone
Does anybody else find it weird that noses just protrude from our heads
Friday Night Lights getting me pumped right now
Lmao wth was that? Omg.
Did I even have a senior quote in my doms yearbook? Hmm
Yo prefiero los periodistas que analizan por encima de los que le dicen a todos lo que quieren escuchar
Cause if you let me love you heres what I'll do ... I'll take care of you.
framily commercial comes on. My husband: \"I hate this frucking commercial!\" Lol. Awesome.
\"asshole with a golden heart\" :)
Hanging out in my neighborhood in the
When soon is too far away
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL DEMPSSEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYY GOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLLL GOOOOOOALLLL!!!!!! 2-1
Check out . Hosted by Comedian . Available now on &amp;
I'll just go fuck myself I guess
Vegas in August!
FUCKING CRY ABOUT IT ! ITS A FUCKING RETWEET
Uh that's a lie \": out of all my friends, I want kids\"
Remember that Finals when Jordan sat with his team down 20 at the 6-min mark? Neither do I.
in the quarter final, let that sink in for a minute, congrats
Just Heat Haters on my TL &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
If Messi wins, it's only right Manu wins tonight
Feeling for a nice trini home made sweet bread
I woke myself up way too early even my moms asleep. That never happens.
Nothing seemed to escape my lips today but sighs, self-talks and gibberish blubbers.
You really have nobody but yourself
Got all these hoes callin askin me to come thru
If I didn't answer your text today it's because I'm having probably the worst day of my life..
This weekend was too much fun
LISTEN I LOVE MEXICANS BUT DONT CONFUSE THE ITALIAN AND MEXICAN FLAG. THATS BORDERLINE DISRESPECTFUL
Argentina won! Ole ole ole!
titties, ass, hands in the air\nit's a party over here.
Damn Angie Martinez resigned?
My parents dont even have a name in my phone. *shrugs*
Kids should come over sometime this week because I have a pool and kan jam and a rabbit. Ok. Good talk.
Finally home! My bed feels like heaven.
i need to get this tattoo! my mom bs'in me
Know who you are before you try to get to know someone else.
Yooooooooo that was hilarious
My dad wanted to crash a party down the street. Omg.
The cashier at wawa told me I reminded her of Jennifer Lawrence brb crying
Cant wait :\/
Off to work the whole day away
I'm way too hype for a Monday night
You look back and see how far you've come, but realize that there's so much more ahead of you than what you're leaving behind.
Need to be up early in the am... fuccckkk
Any reason why I should keep Vine?\n6 seconds videos don't make me lol that much
Cake for breakfast. Happy birthday, America.
My life is amazing. Yours probably is, too.
Female Drake.. Everything she's saying is bullshit ya'll dont believe her!
Still makes me mad it's whatever thoooo
Oh hell yeah just bought my football tickets
been playin wit iron since the age of 9 shout out to my daddy he tought me how
Whats going on with me lol
Everyone, go read 's timeline before the tweets get deleted.
My greatest accomplishment yesterday was definitely buying a floral tea cup with \"one classy bitch\" inscribed in gold on the inside no joke
Yes!!!!!! What a sensational strike! Take a bow Jones!
Over the past year of my job search &amp; doing part-time work, I'm starting to see the invisible backpack of white privilege
Twitter was so live last night.
if you had the skald Akkadian sneaks
Watching cake boss just enhances my cravings.
My life does not revolve around my sexuality. Most days it doesn't even revolve around me
I should be sleeping right now *yawns*
I wonder what it's like to have a voice because I still don't have one.
Took a slight detour but never strayed away from the path I had created
My parents need to get up it's 10 and I want to go to Brooklyn
Ok honesty why didn't I freak out when Elle rted me what is wrong with me I think it's the exhaustion
I slept for 3 hours&gt;.&lt;
Really need to answer ma texts
Every day is honey in my hands
Acouple more cups of this jungle juice Nd ill be GUCC
Quote this with the 8th picture in your camera roll
I'm Kim Jong Illest, be jealous bitches
Lowkey tried to be like Kendall
COME ON BOSNIA
Sometimes I can't help but wonder
Kobe I love you still
girls who try to push a guy away when she knows she like him and he's trying to ask her out &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
He said shimmy dat ahhahahaha
Quinn is so stupid. You don't pull out the sharp object in Gideon's. Call 911 first.
if my mom makes me clean the mess her and her friends made imma be fucking pissed
You were nothing but a waste of my time why did I ever date you?
Why the long break between extra time and PK's? GET ON WITH IT
Mr Cena on the outside is thinking why doesn't John do that
10 months with the babe
I only let one lady do my eyebrows
It's like why did I think half a block of smoked sharp cheddar would work better than Rolaids?
Even after I get a new car, I'm probably never gonna drive cause I'm honestly terrified to be in a car now
just came how from practice &amp; now im bored
Bojana Jovanovski def. Johanna Larsson 7-6, 6-0 in the 1st Round of .
o gosta de iludir as gays tuda ne
Who's trying to get ripped at school the day before graduation
is Sons of Anarchy worth watching? yay or nehhh
And on that note, I'm currently fashioning black dress with white deodorant accents, personally I think they make the garment really pop
He's my favorite of all my aliases.
Hey do you have one with my name on it? Doubt it
I'm the guy that texts 7 messages in a row like it's normal
I'm just gonna drink and tweet about how much I hate the World Cup as I watch the World Cup.
Full disclosure: two of the books were graphic novels, and one of them was a book of poetry. The other two were proper books though.
Ya never want to be \"that guy\". Don't be \"that guy\".
Viva Costa Rica !!!!! What an amazing accomplishment !!! Congratulations !
Happy birthday to the bro have a good one
Why the fuck would he go back to Cleveland
Nigga kermig is on CNN now
Thr pain i feel right now noone will ever understand
Mac Miller is cute for a white niggah lol
\": Some of these bitches look like a different person w no makeup. Thank God I'm cute.\" Yass thanks tha lawd
GOODNIGHT LOVE YOU GUYS
Turnup for big booty ! Be there in a few boo !
Sigue mis pasos y bloquealo a to :)
You're welcome cause it ain't the first time boo and the fact that you replied shows you know exactly what I'm talking about . Lmao
I love Nicki but this year's best female rapper should go to Iggy Azalea
Happy birthday to buttwomen !
I need a ride to Wallingford bc I need to see jake Bonet :(((
18 you're pretty as fuck (: and you're a true homie :)
When pursuing a real woman you should ask yourself if in fact you really want her as bad as you think you do.
For the past 20 mins i thought dude was talking on his Bluetooth. Wrong....this nigga just trippin bad.
Taxiing is like getting some room quality from the plane you've been on for seven hours.
They only wanna be around when our in the spotlight
Dios esto me da mucha pena , rabia e impotencia
I really need some new smoking buddy's because apparently I lost all my old ones lol
I finally got my hands on an island reggae fest ticket !!!! IM THE HAPPIEST SAMOAN EVER
I wouldn't mind having a pole in my house
I applaud young and successful , I barely have time to take care of myself .
Girls night with
Tag titles are gonna change at money in the bank.....and either cena or roman reigns will walk out as wwe champion.
Please please please come home from work
Who in New York got the loudpack lol
What's that word that u like... Fo'i Lole
Attention which one of you want to be my Pregame interview for game 1 and 24\/7?
Then that song i heard idk who sing it but he saying lemme cum inna your trot , where they do that at
This day just keeps getting better and better
I need to dye my hair like right now but in tired
i found a friend he goes by the name of FRANK
Girls pay more attention to the social media instead of there relationship
There's gonna be more Colombian flags than USA flags today. Ya can rep your country all you want just remember where you live parces!!!
Could be enjoying my weekend right now, but you know how them jobs be at times
Dempsey does not want to leave but his nose looks horrible.
I'm just gonna do myself a solid today and not look on Instagram. I'd rather not see all my friends having a fantastic fourth...
ever love a bitch nigga never
God I'm downloading vine for this
As long as the fam okay, who gives a fuck about my health
Some people really have a hard time getting over stuff that occurred in the past, oh well i tried
Will I get to 1000 followers by the end of ??? TUNE IN TO TWITTER TO FIND OUT
Who gives a fuck about soccer
Would not have expected the phrase \"and he fell on his face\" to appear so often in the old testament
Be safe: don't making Ronaldo taking a fall part of your drinking games.
I've always wondered what it's like to have someone actually like you for who you are and actually want you to spend time with them.
Top 4 US sports TV audiences in June (viewers): -24.7M, 20.6M, Finals G5 17.9M, -15.9M.
Yesterday we had to install our backup toilet seat.
This bitch gonna add my Tia's from Mexico BITCH you don't even know them , tf get out of here with her red neck ass
I don't wanna be that guy, but WOW, what an equalizer by Jermaine Jones. Beto could only stand and watch it go by.
It never feels like I'm sleeping alone cuz of my mind constantly racing
please follow me !!
Lmaoooo RT : I am gonna take out my frustration from this whole Jason Kidd thing on Pam.
Parents are real ass holes. Mine in particular. I mean I knew that but now I see it on an ethereal level.
'You see things as they are and ask, \"Why?\" I dream things as they never were and ask, \"Why not?\"' - Snake'\/Garden of Eden - Shaw
Nancy looks good in all kinds of clothes, so now I'm just like \"do I wanna be with you\" or \"do I wanna be you\"
Getting my nails done after school tomorrow thank God.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS??? I can actually get coffee.. Today is a glorious day, friends
Anyone want to chill. Got nothing to do today. I have netflix!
hi jeromine! :)
I had to man the fuck up so I pulled my pants as high to my chest and I ran that shit with buggers all over my face.
Now Portuguese are going to play like little bitches just to get the calls. Unbefuckinglevable
Pretty tired and hungry. What now??
Why cant linda learn to close my door when she leaves after telling me unimportant information?!!?!
How can you call yourself a women and don't like your ass ate
A new purge movie is coming out July 18
Irritates me I won't be able to watch the Free Agent Frenzy.
Jeter is in the starting lineup.
That one time in highschool when you thought you had a chance with the campus babe then realized it was all in your head = my life
Here we are, back at the edge of time.
my dog is so small I wanna throw it
Somehow the truth always come up missssin
Happy 238th birthday, America.\nDo you have Medicare yet?
I don't believe Myles is 21 he is 10 I need to see a birth certificate
if you post cute photos with issues or just issues in general give me your ig cause I'll 75% prob follow you
40 piece mango habanero wings for 10 dollars
Can't even think straight right now
I can't take my dog for a walk cause he's bigger than me and way strong than me :(
It's sad to see someone change just to fit in.
I hate how the clock doesn't stop
Jesus I'm going to college in less then 2 months
Party's seem cool till the part comes where ppl are dry fuckin eachother to raggae music.
I am lactose intolerant but the only side effect is that it makes my farts smell bad. Too bad for the rest of the world.
However, there's always something going on here, which is nice.
A promise is comfort to a fool!
Amazing by costa rica to hold on for almost an hour with ten men and hold on for penalty kicks.
Germany needs to put a good ass whoopin on USA and Portugal just needs to score a couple.
So I Know what I' getting Dj for his bday. I figure since i'm gunna buy from merch now, might as well buy some stuff i need as well.
I'm actually so mad. I don't even know where this crack came from. I thought it was a hair at first and I tried to blow it off
I'm obsessed wit this song fuck
do you hear me crying
He's the 15 year old boy from MAGCON to have a single that hit number 1. Omg I'm gonna cry. I love u so much.
are you looking for answers\nto questions, underneath the stars?
Is this woman eating chicken on the bus? I should ask her for a piece.
Lots of cool stuff coming up. Next for me is the huge first Saturday 40k . Deep stack poker see you all there. July 5th 11am
follow me I'm Ching Chong too
How do I tell if a banana is ripe or not?
Felicitaciones ticos!! Heroes underdogs!
Don't stunt on somebody you use to talk too...
I hate that I don't have many friends lmfao
My fault for trying to make it work, I guess it was bound to happen.
I'm just blessed . To see 19
I can't sleeeeeeeeeeeeeep fu body clock
Social media: a blessing and a curse. But probably more curse.
Toting a gun around doesn't make you a patriot. Go dump some tea in a body of water and then I'll consider you a patriot.
I feel like I'm about to lose it soon I can't do this
It's 01.00, I guess I'll go to bed.
\"I hope you get lonely tonight\"
goodbye @ you if you have \"sad boy\" in your name
im tired af but i can't sleep now omg
Learning to take 30 min naps instead of 2 hour naps.
We lucked out there...
Brad Pitt is bae.
SO? TURN THE TABLES ... 30 GAPS BETTWEEN THE FALL of DOT com to TODAY track them all THE FRAUDERS ID THIEVES cause THEY FIND YOU ALL
If it looks like you're wearing a sweater, and you're not, cover that fuzz up!
Tiki tiki time
You know I could be a model
I like my job because I can wear sweats and tie die
Nigga Dante name , I be slurping harden lmaao
So happy I finally finished my paper
nothing will ever be as good as CT5
Who trying to hoop tomorrow hit my line
Watching the movie flight AKA good movie
I should give a fuck but I don't lmao
moran: monogamy is a tool of the system.
Dive my lips between your thighs until i cannot feel my lips.
if you don't know who Mac Dre
Burdaki agcaqanadlar qulaqda yox agizda ucurlar. Im in a trouble :(
Take a selfie for me like one of the French girls. \n\nTitanic update.
.virtually every serial killer in the past 30 years was a hardcore gamer
nasty nigga eat the pussy like macaroni.
Gah...that kid is annoying
A lot of people tend to put a lot of attention to those who don't matter
MY ARTRAVE IS IN A WEEK OMG YAY I CANT WAIT I LOVE YOU
I want Taco Bell so bad but like I don't wanna get out of bed and put clothes on I'm not lazy tho
I swear ever since I started this intern I got no life. From intern to job to sleep literally. I haven't seen my room in 2 days
I see a vs final tbh
okay cool i'm not pregnant, can we please move on now?!
SERVICE CALL TREE ON HOUSE 46 FERRY ST SCHUYLERVILLE 06\/25\/2014 2130
You made of glass, you'd never last
I ain't trippin over no nigga , Im coo now .
It's late and the feels kick in once you realize you don't have anyone to call to tell them you miss them.
A hopping night out on the town with and
I really respect companies with lifetime guarantee. Usually the products last forever.
There is more to discover!\n Don't be fooled by the out side.\nJust look deeper
The sale on the Bape site went viral. Of course, it did. Craze.
Anyone wanna go to pride on Saturday
My mom Trynna make me do this new thing in my house called \" washing dishes \"
is fucking up by not putting in Essien or King Prince Boetang
LOLOLOLOL why would I trust you
I hate depending on people
A girl can go crazy when she sexually fustrated with a dry phone
So if they want complete health care, now job seekers have to ask companies what religion they are before they apply for a job?
Jermaine Jones? I'll take it!
Get back to the Barnes residence and there's a new Catfish on!
People get what they want from you and then forget who you are .
Shitty ass shit weather and shit
\": Not feeling work today\" you can say this 1000 more times
F U for having air conditioning in your dorm
So can we get Iced Chai Latte's in the UK? Cause this is the best thing I've ever had from
This bitch got no lips goodbye
\": I Hope Bro Pull Thru\"
We wear push up bras because we don't have boobs
\": Can't trust nobody\"
These Thots I do not trust em
when niggas not real they get left
Wall Street 3 shall star Vin Diesel and Michael Douglas and will be loosely based on Paul Walkers going all kamikaze on that Ashleaf Maple
On the BET livestream watching DJ Khaled getting turned away from the red carpet.
They only but you when it's good for them or beneficial to them
I'm across the country and still meeting people from the Bay Area..
Find somewhere to go to night. Home is so boring.
Bally's Beach Bar today from 1pm to 8pm! Come get !!!
I fucking love traffic after a long day of work!!!
To burn this review packet for fun and bomb the final or actually study...
Someone buy me fifa points. I need packs
Happy Independence Day everyone!\n\nToday I also wish Germany the best of luck, because France sucks so much more.\n\n\n
It was bout to be two
We gotcha, BET Awards. Dumb Southern white people are fun to laugh at. We gotcha.
Palestinian Resistance in Gaza has responded, firing shoulder anti-aircraft missiles against Israeli jets
Literally the emoji game is more important than me to my boyfriend ):
I kinda wish we have one more day
I feel very stupid every one in ap getting 98 99 100 and I'm here with a 94
Can't stop won't stop (eating Taco Bell)
baby i'm yours and i'll be yours until the stars fall from the sky
Dont Gospel hve they own Award Show..?
I get SO hungry at night
I wanna see 22 jump street
It won't happen, but it LeBron and Melo end up in Houston together, the East will be pathetic
Just had the best fucking sandwich of my life
Lebron had a good\/great game all five of these games, his team just failed him
fuck a carnival, I'm drinking tonight.
why does it feel so good so good to be bad
I saved the last dance for you
I say, 'You the bestest.' Lean in for a big kiss. Put his favorite perfume on.
David ortiz needs to lose weight
idk y but all these horrible feels attack me at night time omg
Why the fuck I'm I so damn mad
glad to have someone new in my life finally, just hope things are heading in the right direction
Serious hatred for the woman who asked me when I was done running so she could get on the treadmill I was using.
I've said who is this heffa\" so many times I've lost count
Be proud of who you are, and not ashamed of how someone else sees you.
Totally forgot about Weezer\nSuch a good band though
Things accomplished today:\n1. Melting candle wax. \n2. TBD\n
At least my dogs love me.
When I need my clothes the most you Fuck them up.
Well deserved goal
I wanna go to the museum of natural history and see the t rex
Justicia divina, esa, que no falla y siempre llega...
Seeing final scores like 6-4, 7-3, or 5-5 would just be much more appetizing.
Trying to figure out what to pack for the Dodger games this weekend and realizing that one can never have own too much dodger blue
Another suicide in the north country.... R.I.P.
How come I never realized till now that nick carraway is Spider-Man
Can you believe i wanna go to work the day im not schedule
I hope nobody looks through the bushes into the back window bc they'd just see me grabbing my own ass all day
I hate that the flyers don't have much cap space for UFAs this year
I needa wrap my car off white. Like egg nog
I need out of this house ASAP
A Pop Bitch That's That Shit I Don't Like ...
All hail Messi!
i once had a dream that i had a million followers
I want a follow more than life
\": All i do is cash out\"
if you ever need something to do, read the titles of celebrity memoirs\/autobiographies. I promise you won't be disappointed.
You say one thing yet contradict yourself with another. I seem to be drawing a blank here.
Don't text me to ignore me when I reply. I'll knock you out faster than you can close ya eyes.
Dori and I are long lost twins. We both suffer from short-term memory loss.
I wish guys dressed like the men in gossip girl
Who's trying come to carms?
Tomoro got me excited as hell, but at the same time im like oh shit its actually all over ..
What day do I get payed again
Pretty sure the whole ghanan national team were extras in captain Phillips
\"north is already 1?! I thought she just turned...life\"
Mike Beasley nickname is Be easy cuz it \"be easy\" to go by him
HOLY SHIT SOCCERRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!
If anyone wants to buy a pink otter box for 20$ hmu... For iPhone 4\/4s
I wana get on dat pole lol
Its only ONE nigga I ever stressed over. And I own his ass too. Fuck you talkin bout
Not a bad person gotta hustle so I wont get lost up in the crowd of the basics and the brokers.
Jason Kidd isn't even that good a coach. I hope he doesn't mess up Giannis Antetokounmpo's potential.
Rob and I literally happened to see Collin on the highway and then followed him home.
I dont evn think girls would want boyfriends if dragons existed so if the government want less teen pregnancies they know what they got 2 do
Two bbq's?? Sigh, not gonna eat. Tryna get my sexi back.
\"Please, do me a favor.\" no i'll talk to who ever I want that doesn't concern you plus why would I do you a favor when you kissed my friend
gmt how my mom always defends my fucking brother like he's 12 and as if I always start shit smd man
I don't think anyone understand how much skill Messi has, he's god.
I remember my first day of freshman year like it was yesterday... Johntel and Diamah tried to take my Jordan's
It felt good seeing all my friends graduate honestly
Jk, I need to go on a health kick asap
I just sent my last Friday group e-mail and got like 100 \"On Vacation\" messages back making me feel a little silly somehow.
I feel like an anchor to all those around me.
There's more emotion and excitement watching a soccer game than any other sport by far.
my brother and I always watch shows late at night lol
Ride this dick \": tryna figure out how im gonna get to boston by tomorrow.\"
Thought about To The Moon again. Now I can't sleep because I'm too sad.
Bianca asks if the sexy piece of ass at under the bridge is hot..bitch he's drinking a beer and fishing he's already my type
Still don't get why so many people at work call me Kristina when they know my name...
currently tweeting from the only place w wifi in Yosemite
If spurs win my moms doing my laundry and julian's for a week but if the heat wins I do her laundry
I made so much dinner for us
Dad if I was half the man you are I'd be like 25lbs heavier. \n\nWhat my son is probably thinking
Then JJ scores lol
If you go see pretty much any circus you are supporting animal cruelty. how would you like it if you were treated that way
My new motto
lol. you both just blew me off td.
\"Is that rain I felt or did someone just pee from their window?\"
Wow, I hate purchasing water.
USA fall in everywhere
YEEEEEE NIGGA , 36 SECOND GOAL EAT A DICK
Any one wants to take me to see the fireworks
As cold as my heart
why did i rt that I just saw alex and thought it was good enough
Crabblegs out here. Drunk g pen wit wine and crabs.
\": girls love asking questions they already know the answer to\"
we hold it down like we sposed to !
Run up on him with the llamas flying leave his loved ones all dramatized
Exactly. RT : I hope she don't call herself trying to channel Aaliyah with this \"get up\"!?!
Back to being MIA for a while
Okay I really need to sleep
Only 8 more days
IM ADDICTED TO HAWAIIAN DELIGHT FROZEN YOGURT
WONDO BABY LETS GET SAN JOSE
\/end of rant; with leave to re-rant as necessary. \n\n(I need to save some outrage for )\n\nHappy Monday, y'all
how is it that with all this ridiculous technology we still lose power in fucking thunder storms
you say you love me is that true ? told em if its real get a tattoo.
It's summer, we don't know what's gonna happen
My nails need to be done sooo bad
HOPE lebron\/ melo dont go to west unless its with dubs
Almost finished first draft of my new mystery \"The Equalizer\"!
At the movies with my girls Think like a man 2
Let's see shower then coffee at Stewarts then poss going to get the tires for my truck new 33
This single shit got me loosing it uptop I swear !
Who wants to go visit sapes?
I feel like I'm the only one who has no desire to decorate their cap
\": I am in the morning, I'm just salty bc I've already become attached lol\" your gunba have to let go
!!!!!!!!!!!' He didn't even see it!!!!!
$1.50 for a pint of blueberries. *buys all the pints*
Flight crew for my Denver flight is currently missing.
Why the heck is everyone getting hurt!!!
\"Too experienced to be taken for a riiiiiiidddeee\"
My manager is pissed at this game lmao he sent me home so I would stop slandering him haha
We were so excited for the museum
Oh I cant believe the the offer this nigga just made me. Whaat do I look like hahaha
don't put icyhot on you're tongue it hurts
A new adventure calls for a new header!
\": Rarely pump gas unless my car is on E outta pure laziness.\"
In love with divergent rn
As much as I hate the Heat I do feel bad that Lebron is gonna lose after all the effort he has put in. But still
Idk what road i hate more merrick road or bay drive
Student metrocards end tomorrow, no more free rides :~(
Nice lift wit my boy Malcom x
He isn't getting any younger lol
Shaped like a figure 8, who trusts pretty girls anyways
you are objectively the worst
Prediction: 2 1
THE GUM WONT COME OFF OF MY WALL
Sorry Portugal but that was a beautiful goal
Now that shit makes sense why people tell the police shit with a detail missing bc when all signs point to you whos on your side
hey , where can we see you play in NYC this summer? cc:
You could tell by his celebration how bad he needed that
Give out your own cell phone number, not ours.
Camps in 9 days and I haven't even started to pack
Mhmm who should I take to the Fourth of July...
I literally just want someone who makes me happy to travel the world with me. Idc if I'm broke for the rest of my life. That's what I want.
When you get paid for something you'd do for free, you know you love your job. And if you're smart enough, you will only do jobs you love.
Now you have to pay 5 dollars
Soooo... netflix for the 6th night in a row......?
That goal was so beautiful!
It's not a bad thing to fall in love with meeeeeee
Timehop has showed me that I basically look the same as I did freshman year of high school.....great.
why is jenny making me download fun runnnnnn
Also candy rain branded ski goggles coming to your bodega v fucking soon
Boomerang dick she'll be back around ..
Bitch I can't depend on u IMA go get it my self
\"I'm so hungry I could eat the crotch out of a ragdoll.\"
I don't like this kid at all.
\"Toss the toucan!\" 's version of flipping the bird
Nothing like getting a massage after a 12 day work week
I miss you.. even tho you already know
\"Who needs bullets? Soon as I pull it you swear bullets..\"
Or The OC.
Go about life like your an adult and you'll get what you asked for . . .
Late night food runs w my girls
So Portugal looses their good players and now so do US, today is not my day!!!
It's kinda sad that I'm excited about leaving early from work... At 4:30am I'll be back at the mall in 8 hours.
I cant wait till im rich , i really be zone out at work smh lol
weather on the news: \"if you like humidity, you'll love tomorrow\"
Tony is a real on for that lol
Upper respiratory infections light up my life with so much joy. Seriously you can go away now
I need to see more places in the world fuck RI
\"when guys are in a group I find them more ugly\" -my mom lol
ONE MORE PAPIS YOU CAN DO IT
Slept a total of 15 hours today and I still need more to catch up from the weekend
ashley keeps braking things and gracies straightening everything she sees im scared
My brother doesn't want to sleep so he is growling at us then laughing.
I feel like shit emotionally and physically
Instagram in the morning is just a bunch if ghetto people doing shoutouts
Sbisa and Bonino go back to the Hurricanes
Why do I think everyone who doesn't speak English is speaking Spanish? I just said \"gracias amigo\" to a Japanese dude.
Just watch your back. You need to learn your place
you would honestly make my day 100x better pls
Man do I love my neighborhood Starbucks employees. Always giving me discounts!
reppin Africa to the fullest
Jones is now my
u got 4 minutes make me ur wcw
Well, this week has been a very strange and challenging one. Not sure how to feel about it.
I'm at The Lab (Brooklyn, NY)
I ALWAYS say the wrong thing. It's part of my charm.
My life is in shambles I'm going to end up in hospital mental ward tonight. Omg
My kids are up and messing with me already lol!!
2016 guard of Christ the King just walked in the park &amp; is suiting up for Team Jordan!
Somehow I did an entire unit of math homework in 5 hours
There's nothing better than the release a good basketball game can bring.
Verizon: adding extra characters to the password as I type it into my router login screen is bullshit security and annoying. Stop it.
DEMPSEY!!!!!! USA USA USA
2011 was the best\/worst year of my life
Widgets that are normally resizable are seemingly not with Aviate. Or I just can't figure out how to do so. Hm?
We all need a sympathy ball for watching this game.
The Incredibles is on, I can't deal with it. It's such a good movie
Thought Id never have to go through this shit again.
One joint, fourteen grams, that's a half. Blow torch on the nail, that's a dab.
Half of the niggas in the audience cant even clap cause they dont know what gospel is
I hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it
Bitches think just cause you buy your nigga everything he'll be 100 with you lol
Bailey thinks she's Miranda Sings but she's not
This is my life homie, you decide yours.
I feel so much better
Hmm RT : Ander Herrera has signed for Manchester United on a 4-year-deal. (Marca)
The pile of work I have on my desk waiting for me to complete today makes me want to turn around and go hide in my bed.
I live for all of them
He says, \"I don't know exactly how to categorize what would be a whiskey\" in talking about the difference between bourbon and whiskey.
Crying because I just found out I don't have work until Wednesday.
Really really really want to be able to voice a villain.
To all the bitch ass hoes that hate me the most, oh yeah I hate you too.
Watches are excessive pull-based time awareness. \n\nCommit to a calendar with reasonable alerts. Seek flow state between relevant boundaries.
Stop inviting me to your stupid teen clubs. I'm 19 I can go to real clubs if I wanted to. Fuck
So it it currently 3:21am and I can't sleep so I am gonna stay up and go to the gym at 5:30. Isn't insomnia just wonderful?
The way you look at someone can define how you truly feel about a person.
Confirmed by a reliable source, not by apple. Next iPhones sizes are way larger. All that's left; hardware. iOS 8 looks good too.
I am so happy to finally be home from work. Today was anther hectic day..and so will Tom. Idk how I'm gonna survive after going out tonight
He coulda put Portugal 2-0 and they wouldnt be in this 1-1 situation
Bosh cant even finish on an alley-oop. thats how you know its over
Having your bedroom door open at this time is one of the scariest shit ever
Based on how some you guys treat time promises y'all would be so fucking fired if you were my employes
I need to detail a car
Say it ain't so!! opts OUT of his contact w\/the !! What does this mean 4 the Knicks and *tears :(
If there's a hell it probably plays weather warnings on repeat
we no do lose!
So it's the 4th of July. Happy Dominican Independence? No?
Who at the beach or going to the beach today ???
If I'm a bitch to from now till then end of tomr just forgive me now
Add me on tha snaaap, staygolld
Thinking about changing my name on here and insta because smilefornicole is lame af
You got that face only your mother would love
Really don't know how I survived that drive
I can't believe I'm sitting here, in the rain, watching one person swim.......?
I did not need my pineapple vodka made with grey goose.. My college tendencies give me the ability to be happy with shitty vodka
player Sanchez is the Hannibal Lecter of
the only boy ill ever need is sarah's chubby bby brother
Excellent list of vital newsletters.. Thanks for passing this on ... It's really what Twitter is all about
Happy Birthday to the captain
I might as well become Jena taxi driver friedlander because that's what my friends think I am
I know a couple byrds that I've peeped doing it with some of my nigga friends, to dique look poppen
No hay tiempo para el pasado cuando el futuro tiene mejores oportunidades.
\"I really wanna beat her ass right now\" lol
I always miss him the most within that next week of not seeing him.
I hear sirens while we make love loud as hell but they dont know
ginobellioioo put it on the niggas head fuckin' bald bastard haha
I just love how people don't recognize me anymore.
thanks for the RTs,
my shoulder is all types of messed up.
fav if this is the scrappiest shit you've ever seen RT if you're an asshole
Ayooo all I know is yayo
Dropped off some things Kait left in my truck.. She answered the door mid spray tan Lololol.
Flying Into NYC, I've never seen such big house. They were hugeeeee
&amp; the girls in my class who were smart enough to pass be at all my fuckin parties picking money off the ground.
My friend brother in law are making me feel dumb for having limited music knowledge.
And Dom goes 1,2,3 against the red sox and strikes out 2 lol
Olivia knew about the Coke? Damn Derek.
What pisses me off is jersey boys won't do rly good cause it's not a violent action movie or starring Zack effron but it's so amazing
That match was actually really solid. The mic work on commentary? Ehhhhh....
We can prettttty much do anything
I really hope Germany gets ousted today
In haven't seen or heard from u in a month... What are u doing.
Vegas always reminds me of one movie &amp; one movie mainly... Casino.
Bunch young players but explosive for the draft this year
the little things matters the most
Why don't we fall in love
Knowing how to play the guitar. Chick magnet
This guy punched a fucking bird for this bish and she rejected him like wtf
USA USA USA USA , Dempsey ol reliable
AC HERE WE COMMMME FUCK YOUUUUUUU ARTHUR
My grandpa has gotten me drunk off margaritas and is now telling me about the first time he tried Mary Jane. I seriously underestimated him.
No bitch you wait!
Cosas demasiado feas me comen la mente!! &gt;.&lt;
Its Like She Loves Me... And Then She Loves Me Not
Fouls and after a foul in the box its a penalty kick, get it? Good Mexico sucks shouldn't of been in the world cup any way. Usa gifted them
Kendall's looked beautiful in that gown!! Kylie looked stuff though. I didn't like her dress.
Cruise control on. Im tired as fuh
We ran out of bananas at work tonight and some lady drove all the way home and made her son bring back a banana for the shake...
Cody went all-in on the first date... As always he should've waited for her to show her hand
I need to smoke weed like right now
I just saw a squirrel chowing down on a soggy cigar.
As you already know, he then goes home to his apartment he calls \"the war room\", drinks milk, screams, and falls asleep. CNN tomorrow.
\": As long as you're trying your best, that's all that matters.\"
Reading a book on how a guy gets away with murder rn
That has to be the worst feeling in the world to miss a PK in that situation
! RT : I like Cody because he seems like a nice guy, but that back pat Andi just gave him is the kiss of death.
It's been eight years since season one of Heroes and Hayden Panettiere is still bae.
\": lil stud right there...\" for sure man I'm pumped
Anyone else think Kermit is annoying now?
Oh lawd over dank.. Hands down
Haven't been with both my sisters in so long. we miss you too sissy.
Why did his leg even go up that high???
Home alone today yay
Secret to life: unhappy people look for what life is gonna give them, happy people look for what to contribute to life.
I really was looking forward to my tofu and broccoli dinner, and then I walked past the corner pizza joint. Sigh.
I'd love to see as Vance Astro in the movie. How's that for geek cred?
When people say the Heat aren't a team pisses me off. You gotta have a pretty good team to win back to back right. Face they ain't got it
I never realize how fast of walker I am until I get yelled at to slow down.
I could get used to this
Vamos Costa Rica! You can Do It!
\"What Lured Hemingway to Ketchum?\" by Hunter S. Thompson - National Observer, May 25, 1964
If ya \"bro\" igg ya text, Than you really associated with a female.
Pretty sure I need to cut out of work early to go meet tomorrow!
Kinda wanna go to the gym again because I am so bored
If you like Pink Floyd there is a high chance I like you too.
I'm prepared to have an encore performance of me drunk .
la rata ahora se encadena de noche donde nadie lo ve ni le escucha hacer el ridiculo!
Don't worry though I ALWAYS think you're disgusting if you use tinder
Oh I said those things last night??
People were too turnt last night holy shit
Maybe Chris Young can turn it around after a 2 hit performance yd. Unfortunately I'm not convinced and will await Lagares' arrival
LOL @ Ghana
There we go! Now it's time to finish them off.
Mamiss ko? Tay barkada nga nu agbathroom ket agbuten syamsyam kasi agsel-selfie da pelang.
I'm down for you , you're down for me so what it is .
I'm on break rn but I'm gonna tease you guys when I get off
My mom just annoys me so much!
Did someone forget to tell the Nats that this is the worst team in the NL? Wtf!
Jalaly. Ja and laly? Lilly?
At The Paper Factory. What a treat!
Then there's figuring out how to study abroad... Haha man oh man
Why bring flowers when you know that's gonna fix anything?
Is anyone playin ball?
here comes Timmy's 5th ring! Good Job Duncan!
The CM Punk chants have to stop now.
Dont fwm if you scared of the consequences.
To get to my flight to B-Lo I get to take a sketch bus trip to the sketch temporary tin box terminal. Typical.
That nose bleed
I dont give a fuck about food right now ! I care about the shit i lost.
Johnny thinks he's famous because every day he heres someone new say \"Yoooooo, you're that dude from Ellerman's snapchat stories\"
Headed to NYC for a nights rest, then off to Ohio!
I just wanna do something tonight
Oh he did this before but he was English I get it
except for being exhausted, my life is amazing
When you realize that's mr Brown n madeas daughter from Tyler Perry's plays
beauty is a reflection of your inner world, your soul..
I think the Germans take this
the US park reservation system timed out, and I didn't get my permit for Mt. Whitney, and there are no more available. devastated.
I will NEVER stop being silly!!
My crazy family during this game rn though
it's weird af riding passenger in my own car
My mother experiences a lot of deaths with this job... It's quite sad
I need to purchase myself a new bed
He mad afffff
I know about football too. Not just BSing lol.
the dangers of public outbreaks are immeasurably more horrifying than the fantasies of the anti-vaccine campaign
my name, my bang, my gang till the day I lay in my grave
It's crazy .... No matter How Much \" Love \" My Be Involved People would still rather tell twitter about thier feelings then their partner.
Spanish stay being loud lol I almost forgot how it was
I cant stand when ppl swear a person real bc they real with only them 1st off if a person real they real period no matter what Not just w\/ u
Here we go please please please
no confias en tu reflejo ni en lo que viste
if someone stole my sunglasses from my house on Friday ur a scumbag
I need to see the movie the purge. I wish block buster was still alive.
I love when I ask my parents a simple question and they bring up everything I've ever done wrong :-)
Isn't she beautiful with tears in her eyes, and fear in her heart.
\"I want two goals in the first minute\"-me
That was the fastest goal I've seen in a World Cup!
I don't wanna do nothing but I don't wanna do something
The moms teeth on catfish are something else omg
Sometimes I listen to your voicemail just to hear your voice
i'm the burger king, i gotta have it my way\nand truthfully girl you really make my day
I wish I had friends to get me out my house at least for a while
My check is going to be so big now that I'm getting paid under the table (:
I've been told I have too much pride ..
Got my bad baby by my heavenly side
Hate you for that screenshot
Jones is $BANDS$ affiliated.
Let me twist this hair and call it a night
Game Of Thrones Season Finale. :jizz\/sad:
Jane eats the most ass
I always regret deleting ifunny
It's something you never forget and something you never want to feel
My arms are so week I shake holding my phone
Holy fuck what a rip
My cousin called me earlier today and told me we were gonna he drunk together when he comes in two weeks I'm so excited haha
I'm so glad we can move on from everything cause I don't like fighting with people
My aunt is 30 and she looks younger than me...
People who just wear shorts and t-shirts to night games, I do not understand you.
Might go camping thus 4th of July?
France and Brazil won, so Parker and Tiago are sorted. Just need Arg to hold on so Manu's head is right.
Why does espn have 20 different fantasy football podcasts?
Robin Thicke looking good, mad i just drooled lmaooo
This jet lag is killing me
Already see things switch up, but I'll wait for the actual change
The final destination fucks me up
So bored man I think ima sleep
Ghana look kind of weak bruh
I mean I might as well eat all of our nacho chips until someone stops me...
I am so proud of my girlfriend in everything she has accomplished you will find something better keep ya head up!
Muni is convenient af , I gotta say .
i either get over shit so quick or i hold onto shit for so long, theres no inbetween
There is no need to say you love me , it would be better left unsaid
Holy shit I'm about to freak out
Off to the coli
My hair would've never been dummy ass short if it wasn't for my aunty Laites fiepopoto ass!
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x1
Back to work. I got lucky with my tattoo placement, my skates barely hit it
Messi the GOAT in soccer?
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x4
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x5
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x6
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x7
5year olds have iPhones nowadays. When I was 5, I ain't have shit
Can wait to go home and sleep
If ur not at my house tomorrow getting shit faced you're not my real friend
EVERYONE In The Military Takes C4. Like, There's Way Better Pre's.
when you buy 23 bottles of alcohol from a bar that's closing...
At the end of the day you're still thot
Just saw a group of girls taking a smiling picture in front of the 9\/11 memorial..what the hell is wrong with you?
Ke ke is cute but I hate her dress
WOW THAT IS A SPICY BLOODY MARY
Pruemas otra mas
My daddy's in the trunk\nof his brand new truck\nI really want him back\nbut I'm kinda outta luck
What an imbecile! Fix your grammar before you try to pick a fight with me.
my nose is hurting so bad.. oh so bad
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex
\": I will never ever understand how someone can go back to a person that cheated on them\" seriously
Just witnessed something that I never thought I would see
Off to Bristol for the day
Please don't fucking ask me what's wrong you sure as hell already know...so asking me is beyond me right now.
It's driving me absolutely insane how infatuated I am with you
I hope I have a beautiful\/healthy baby one day all these vine babys are making me nervous lol
I keep forgetting my age and I had to think twice about if I'm turning 34 next month or 33. Ahhh hell! It's doesn't matter!
Beer bellies in bayside. Bell boulevard. Tongue twister.
Duro pegate al muro
A good goalie is nothing without a good defense
Jermaine Jones you are a God.
I lied. We are watching Wasp Woman first.
Our Changing ArcticOur Changing Arctic Rachel KallanderRachel Kallander
Ades va a traicionar a Grecia y se la lleva al inframundo en esa tanda de penales.
Patting the butt and saying \"good game\" like a baseball coach
\"Revenge is a dish best served nude\" -Sheldon on LOL
Patrick Peterson fits perfectly at 22 but if he continues to improve he should find himself in the top 10 next year
man that churro hit the spot
What the..I know I'm a year behind, but the red wedding...what..
This lady doesn't think she doesn't chase the high
Usa uni's are tough
Gotta get a tight grip don't slip, loose lips sink ships
Li toujou bon lew choute avan siw make ou konfyan plus
Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life, say yes say yes cause I need to know.
I can't wait to take college courses
I can't be in here agh
I don't talk shit I state facts
*altidore pulls his hamstring*\nXavier: that happens to me in FIFA sometimes
If you saw linkin park yesterday you are a lucky son of a bitch
Dempsey is not gonna go off
If a bird poos and it misses you...is that considered good luck or bad?
Just wondering, do you guys take my insults seriously ?
\"yo need to teach me your ways ya know sammy jones swag\" guess who
Manu is on fire! Makes a poster nd than drains a three!
so many man scarves on the bachelorette right now.
Put you on repeat, play you everywhere go, eh-eh-everywhere I go, play you everywhere I go
i'm p sure dyeing your hair is called dyeing because you might actually die from the chemical smell
Better be a nice day. All I'm sayin.
A girl just ran by me on the bike path loudly crying
3 day weekend for me!!! Yes!!! But i have to suffer working all next week.. Its gonna be worth it, TEXAS '14
Why me. Why can't people just love me, I hate feeling this terrible about myself
So glad this day is done... talk about chaos.
if i dont do it for my delf, ima do it for Case, cuz thats my people ( voice )
Cara thought the Confederate flag was the New Zealand flag
I bring Dino-nuggets to work. I'm still a child.
Really loving this match.
nelsimar, como cantante se muere es de hambre!!
\"DO YOU SEE THE HAT?! I AM MRS. NESBITT!!!!\" -Buzz Lightyear
Hmm, pretty annoyed with this shit. Only been like a week and I'm fucking over it already.
I don't believe that we should be tax so much. Let's do away with the IRS and institute a new government that won't tax the people so much
Why is this verizon samsung phone so awful. I miss my iphone!!!
Bouts braid my hair real quick
Nobody ah fi know you a give it up
I always listened to that song wishing to be in Cali, now I'm here lol.
I'll probably obsess over my header for a good two weeks. Two of my favorite players
Lets Go USA!!!
Last time I tweeted with an issue, they contacted me immediately. Silence is the answer w\/ what a shame.
Fuck y'all niggas!! Let's go
My nigga if Aleya P. doesn't THOT WALK tmm across that graduation stage she's all talk!
I'm way too young to be feeling this old.
I'd appreciate if we could all have a gathering this weekend. miss y'all
i cut tf outa my arm this morning, this shit burn
Wow, the bar I am just went BAT SHIT CRAZY when the US equalized. Simply incredible atmosphere.
U S A!!!!!
Classic. Joey Chestnut asking his gf to marry him at the Hot Dog Eating Contest.
I LOVE MY CARRRR
Follow up tweet: when asked when JFK--LHR route WILL have wifi: reply \"in another year or so\".
i mean made a mistake but how many times do people say sources say x is talking to x n it never happens.
T-minus 5 days till I'm on a beach somewhere in Kauai with out u always messing with my head
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN\nI BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN\nI BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN\nI BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN\nI BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN
i dont even give a shit about how we're gonna miss spirit week and homecoming bc um nyc
Costa Rica pulled it off!
What was I thinking going to a supermarket on July 4th smh
lmfaoo omg splatball guy at it again
Its annoying when u bring up what I did wrong .
Su cuerpo crese pero su mente, no avanza!
I really wanna see the Sam squared + max picture
Nearly chewed my fingers off. \n\nI know, gross
Mi U.S.A !!!!!
Damn it all comes down to this
That feeling you get after a good workout.
kimberly i think i found the right one
Friday's a good time for hyperbole. is restoring American greatness
I wish I had my own personal Masseuse to follow me around. That would be awesome.
Lol I hate tech school.
i should prob study for physics but why do that when i can sleep
1 day.. we all fenna be together again, just like old times but w.gray hair.
Soccer players are pioneers when it comes to hair styles
Before this series started I said it would be spurs in 6 but... With the looks of it I see the spurs takin it in 5.
I always take it personally when someone gives me 9 cents change instead of a dime. Are they jealous of movie star good looks? Nine pennies!
Love seeing all these pussies in the gym doing all their complicated exercises and still look the same
HONESTLY KILL ME MY POWER JUST WENT OUT
Why did want me to email them about the package they don't feel like delivering if all they wanted to do was apologize?
Anytime I see a girl on a motorcycle they get my bad bitch stamp of approval
I always act like shit don't phase me but it kills me when I'm by myself in my thoughts.
Cornay taking bout we getting a dog girl take your ass to sleep
\": If the bee disappears from the surface of the earth, man would have no more than...\"
tired lil tiger
The greatest feeling is when she falls asleep on your chest!
Like it still sucks. I figured I would be past all that by nowww.
My mom brought me water!! Lmao
If The Weeknd tries to be all cute with me again I'm deadass leaving with his ass
Train is blowing mine right now.
S\/o to these chicks who helped me get rid of this log under my car
Twitter during any type of awards is always entertaining.
I'm so done giving my heart away to people. People can be so cruel
Triple H couldn't wait for a chance to bury RVD
The people from the Omaha 'clique' have basically recycled each other when it comes to relationships
Baby, this might sound rude.. I'm taken but I want youuuuu
YEEEDSS GIDJANMWMKFKC GOOOAAAAALLL
Wooh even David was freaking out! He was right behind me! But no! My dad can't ever turn off the monitor when he gets serenity!!
I've literally had the same dream for the past 3 days and each time it ends with me dying.
My wifi is ACTUALLY worse than UNH. I might shoot myself.
Jesus, what was I drinking when I bought the original cast recording for Passion and how can I make sure I never drink it again?
I wanna go to the movies or something today.
Quit complaining about the weather and how you have no where to party tonight and try thanking those who keep us safe and free
Maybe I just won't talk to you.
Keeping Up With the Kardashians @ 9pm &gt; BET Awards
people who workout w makeup on make me wanna vomit
Yeah I think I'm going to just move on
Never trust someone that likes the middle Sicilian slice
I'm a jealous person - it's when I'm not that you should be concerned
My favorite twitter follows are the ones I don't remember why I followed. Keep it weird.
Craigslist stranger coming to buy an old TV in 15 minutes; if I don't tweet within the hour, call 911
hghwy 680 aww :( trafficccc
My Lil brother thinks he's tough
Yeah right . You can't even keep a promise bitch .
Not bad not bad
Never ever thought I'd have a passport ..
Why the heck am I missing you so much
Cheerios are THE best cereal ever and if you put sugar in them you're going straight to hell
it's official! I am roomies with my best NYC friend and a resident of BK! let the good times roll!
Next person to piss me off is getting punched in the face
Guess how many regrets I have after eating a pint of ice cream: EXACTLY ZERO
Annie an a I were gonna take a 20 minute nap but it's been 2 hours
Well looks like has no chance now, I'm suddenly scared could make up the GD but I think can get a result!
I love being done with work before my friends even wake up
Oh man in all of today's sprots excitement I forgot to talk about comics. New Saga! New Trees! New All-New Doop! \n\nGo read comics!
French is so hard because it makes sense so I feel like I don't have to study and than I forget everything.
Laying here w a towel on my head too lazy to get up &amp; do my hair
I just wanna be around some love tonight B
WHERE ARE THE TICKETS
CLINT DEMPSEY MOTHA FUCKAS!!!!!!!!!!
That's what I like to see from Tim Howard
Shouldn't have tried to play me before
Stash the weed in the Altoid box
drank 3 water bottles in a matter of 10 minutes and now i feel sick
Love learning about different industries &amp; enterprise solutions at ! Met cool ppl w great ideas from .
I get in their head, they don't even see my bread
They got some pretty ass girls out there that's suppose to be with me
\"I literally dumped a bag of child in the toaster and shoved paper from in the drugs in if too\"\n\nWords to live by..
That ball took a bit of a deflection.
Just because you are vegan, doesn't fucking mean that your pets are.
like if you don't like booty, then how are you human?
Robin Thicke is making a fool outta himself. That is not how you win anyone back
What time do we have to be at the school?
\": Klay Thompson can be a Top 3 scorer (in the right situation) while making All-Defense. Worth way more than 7th pick.\"??
Not telling anyone good morning anymore for a min bc I'm always the person giving the good morning texts . Yup I'm being petty.
Channing Tatum makes me feel some type of way....
I deadass just walked into a tree &amp; fucked up my neck ..
Definitely want to go to an EDM festival soon
This is all the love that I need
My dress would rip on my ass
Chris Brown took what Wayne had on in his first performance and wore it for his that's why weezy had on the white better only lol
Could it be?? Can it really be?? The fuckery!!!
My everything hurts and I feel dead
fucking shit yankees lmao
I wish we got to pick and choose who goes to camp and who stays home
A very happy birthday to So glad I've met ya &amp; know that the rest of the year will continue to be a dream year for ya!!
I'm just going to pray for you
Be with someone who gives you the same feeling of when you see your food coming at a restaurant.
Somehow I will always try to see the good in people, they'll be a murderer &amp; I'll find a way to find something good About them
Ronaldo you suck haha
I hope Donald Sterling isn't watching this.
I remember being in 5th grade and talking about Demi everyday and I still do to this day.
30 seconds really?!?!
Don't want to have any what ifs or should haves
It's interesting to see how people act when they don't get what they want.
And now your my hole life and now your my hole world
World Cup, Giants game, and NBA Finals game 5 all in one day.
He has the cone and everything.
It's hot af in my room
es tan tierno y bello.
Is it worth the $9.99 to upgrade the Shakespeare app? .
Where are you watching tomorrow?
I mean how cant you love Locro
Really juiced for Thursday to see where &amp; go!
Banana Republic Independence Day sale is 1hunna though
Im just never good enough, there is always someone better. .
im gonna be in Salinas tomorrow and wenday anyone wanna hang out? no? okaayyyy
I DONT LIKE THIS NO POWER BULLSHIT IM TRYING TO PLAY LEAGUE HERE
My life after 12 am has become hours of drinking tea and watching Seinfeld
I don't think I can go 1 month w\/o seeing my family . I really hate have divorce parents -.-
Something must have changed about me because now I walk into places and chicks are giving me the eye everywhere... Or I'm that ugly...
i got the coolest freaking t shirt today. that's all.
People, it's time to let go of Let It Go.
Chasing little fuckers down the block while barefoot is not what I had in mind
IM LEAVING IN 5 DAYS TO GO TO CT FOR A MONTH (WHICH I DONT WANT TO DO AT ALL) AND MY MOM WONT LET ME DO ANYTHING OR GO ANYWHERE
I just told a partygoer I loved her Liza Minnelli costume and she said \"What Liza Minnelli costume?\" So maybe it's time to go home
be positive guys. cameron will call us eventually (:
Making friends is a must when I go to college
Your king sitting out watching his team lose.
Jesus merciful father in heaven
This is my damn life, fuck is you sayin?
I wish I was brave enough to go after what I want.
Messi carrying Argentina. Neymar carrying Brazil. British Airways carrying England.
k now i'm going to sleep baiiii
\": I nearly pulled out a chunk of hair right now\"me every morning when picking out my hair
Been waiting for graduation for so long and tomorrow it's finally here.. So surreal
Can I get my diploma bruhh ??
But who cares about headaches it's friggin Fourth of July let's goooooo
Gifts are already coming to my apt for my next bridal shower. I'm drowning in these things!
Right now it is . .
There I more to than just saying it, you have to do it.
But I seriously have the best job in the world. I was made for this industry!
Thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great
Almost half the cod community is playing bo2
Dewars or Frozen yogurt
Ay Dios estos veranos en NY son muy fuerte I neeed a break.
(23) Lucie Safarova def. Julia Goerges 7-6, 7-6 in the 1st Round of .
Bitch I swear to god say one more thing about me
Wet socks are one of the worst feelings
Disappointed at the lack of reaction to &amp; . Lots to like with those two.
What is this shit? BET what the fuck is this over dramatic slave movie
Without rye bread I wouldn't be half the man I am today
So Obama just sent 200 more troops over to Iraq.... For the love of God why?!
What i just said hasn't been said in 4 years smh
My mind is pretty funny if you ask me
Don't you just hate it when youre looking at someone's instagram and you accidentally like an old picture?
\": \": CHIEF KEEF BOUTA DROP A SONG CALLED \" Lmafo\"cuz we run shit
My mom bought a cookbook with a recipe by Miranda Cosgrove, what are you even doing Miranda
Every time I stay up I just get really hungry
Howard you savage
Why is there so much family in my back yard.
Jason Kidd just got traded to the Bucks for second rounders.
Segun mi mama nadie merece mis lagrimas.
I take that back.
I didn't know Jermaine Jones spent time in the marines as a sniper
Just received amazing customer support from Teran G. &amp; Jessica At C70 JFK! Awesome job! Thanks ;)
Hobby lobby decision makes clear again that the SCOTUS thinks basic change and challenge to belong in politics &amp; legislature.
What a start for USA!
One day you'll get what you deserve..
Putting eyeliner on guys tho..... I'm a pro...
Being home is weird.. Am I supposed to tell my mom that I'm taking the car out right now or just leave..
I've done nothing so if that's how you want to act, be my guest
Pride yourself in truly being an authentic person.
I hate that I'm not enjoying my summer at all. Smh.
Hmu fer tday
Don't wish for it, work for it.
THE GAME BARELY STARTED
Soemtime a is the way to go! Let me check out to see what's on deck!?
I am back.... Who having BBQ now
who needs friends when Taco Bell has quesaritos!!
I just walked 55 blocks for no reason. To feel better, I'll be in the corner, stuffing my face with Shake Shack.
Kristen Lopes a chef fr fr
It's better to just forgive and move on, holding on to something that's already happened is just poisonous to yourself
Fuckkk yeah!! Fuck Portugal!
My picture with Mr. Deutsch got more likes than my picture with Gabe that's some shit wtf is this world coming to
Hadn't swung a bat since2010
I could leave now &amp; go home &amp; work, but I know I'll just make dinner, watch True Blood &amp; then fall asleep. MY LIFE IS SO EXCITING, I KNOW
You own everything that happened to you. Tell your stories. If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should've behaved better.
Got word my Jurassic Park vinyl has arrived in CA. MAMAS COMING 4 U BB
WEAR REAL JORDANS
Will we make it to London? TBD
How does someone only tweet about one thing constantly? Very one-dimensional
dude, donut has a drive thru
HE PUT THAT GOALIE INTO A FUCKIN SPLIT LMAO
GOAL MOTHERFUCKER FUCK YOU RONALDO GOAL!!!!!!
77 today for a 2 day total of 152 got me into the championship flight. Won my first match 4&amp;2 as a 26 seed playing a 7 seed
I really hate sharing anything with the Doyers. Toilet paper. California. Anything.
i think me ln
So my phone doesnt want to charge.
That was easy lol
about to try making challah from scratch pray for me
I Love My Baby Cuzzo So Much
is trending on Twitter.. thought i read for a bit. that would have been weird
Once we stop talking delete your pictures of me,... U know what i mean
No really I look like a lobster...
If you think you've won bc you've done something awful,ur wrong.Ur just horrible people.When has it ever been cool to purposely hurt others?
I'll be damned if i let a guy past, present or future come into my life &amp; turn my world upside down
People are funny sometimes man, Jesus Christ
but i was one step away from a columbine\nand watching all them dyin
Get to the bar 1.5 mins after the goal and even miss the replays. Classic Mike Luby.
YOO my man straight got nutmegged
22 jump street is way funnier than 21
WHY DID FUCKING TITS JUST COME UP ON MY TL IM DONE IM OUT
The fact that \"side bae\" is even a thing is so stupid smh
\": ................ \": What if you can take your nipples off your chest and just put em on the dresser?\"\"lmaoo
Sumtin bouta a girl in a red sundress
Truly in love with cd X! Everyone should buy it!
Finally Goal let's go about fucking time
Here's the thing about getting old: It. Pisses. Me. Off.
Are you there, God? It's me, Hobby Lobby.
Yeah ya can and we could fuck then cuddle but whatevs
The 4 year old I babysit said he's gonna take the dollar I gave him to start saving up for college
I would like a quesaritto pls
Rewatching The Talk again. So happy I taped it.
My outfit rn is slammin , soaking wet hair, red bra white tank top with running shorts, Tory burch bag and shoes.. All in public
All I need is good vibes.
Sorry I haven't uploaded to YouTube recently guys, my internship is pretty tiring+spending free time practicing for Nationals ATM.
If I would've taken that Apu scholarship...I wonder where I'd be right now.
You don't even gotta tell emmmm
I get a \"Morning\" text one day out of seven days of the week lmao BYE
When the person who's suppose to keep you at peace annoys the shit out of you what do you do?
Check us out at this Saturday night. Music starts at 8:30. Grateful Girls and The Electrix as well!!!
Ive watched 3 episodes of hoarders , 2 episodes of kardashians, 2 episodes of greys anatomy &amp; I have 3 hours left....Successful work day
Does anyone want a full blood German shepherd I'm selling him for $200 comment or message me.
ATTA BOY JONESYBOY
- they still on the tape thou .... NEXTTTTT
\"I wish we had bikes.... I'd bike the shit out of this neighborhood.\" -
Cause limits like fears, are often an illusion
crazy how people define each other by fights
If U Were Born A Winner, U Never Get Beaten Down, Cos U Always Carry Fire In Ur Belly.
Lebron &amp; the rest of The Heat better had brought their A game tonight
My summer has been clutch so far !
I need to start charging my phone before leaving the house
It's Collin Dupree's twentieth birthday. He's only twenty and married SUCCESSFUL AND WHY CAN'T I BE A DUPREE.
I wish i lived by more ppl
Who even cares, like sleep is all that matters
Sportscenter on break. I wonder if will do the Charleston. Hmmm....
Can't lie \"happy\" was legit one of the soundtracks for cape verde because that's all ppl sang. So it'll always be synonymous with CV
Rude buzzfeed quiz thinks I'm 27 so I guess it's all over for me.
NO FREAKIN WAY. LOL
Todos cambian en esta vida :)
I want glaze and chocolate donuts. like 5 of each. OMG OMG OMG
I had a $20 lunch. \n\nAnd now I'm in the deli getting a sandwich with my food stamps. \n\nLmao.
Messi knows the post fr fr.... Kicked without looking
Wish all this shit never happened
last night &gt;
We do talk when we see each other
At least the Supreme Court is a working branch of government
THE MAN AIN'T NEVER SEEN A BOOTY LIKE THIS.....
YA SI ME CAGO EN LOS MUERTOS DE QUIEN ME ESTE LLAMANDO EN OCULTO
Jimmy's snapchat made my morning
My head is pounding and idk why
Yeah, I can't feel sorry for Larry Drew, he DID get Mike Woodson set up similarly a few years ago.
If I pass today it will.be an act of God
comunque anche oggi una signora mi ha fatto i complimenti per i capelli e i pantaloni, quanto piango ; ;
\": like legit some type of dinner, movie, show, exhibit sitchyashann\" pero yas next week im free wednesday
I'm about to just take a nap till Jen calls\/texts\/facetimes me non stop to go out
Constantly unfollowing &amp; re-following me on Instagram is not going to get to follow you back!
I saw a Bugatti today hahaha
three meetings today, head about to explode
I can fall asleep ANYWHERE. I swear I almost fell asleep walking across the parking lot.
Cause we're missing the 4th I say we pick 1 day during the week we all just get hammered on the beach.. Or just every day
Making some necessary changes for my own good.
Yo I love happy people
I'm so tempted to just get drunk in my room right now.
Might go to the mall tomorrow if I don't get lazy
I'll have so I can play later ahah
GOL!!!!!!! ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE IN THIS WORLD CUP!!!!!
Working 8 hour shifts for the next 5 days straight is going to be hell
The only reason why I killed that spider last night is bc I was drunk if sober that spider would have eaten me in my sleep
What a shot by Ronaldo the God
Nothing Ever Changes, I Think I Have Bad Luck Or Its Just Me
So happy Costa Rica went through. Strong side that is surprising many. Would love them to get to the semis.
Let's talk about youuuuu &amp; meeeee
&amp; neevvveeer trust a girl who compliments you two so much
Slept for 11 hours. Still not enough !
His dreads may be a little skeevy, but Kyle Beckerman is so fine
The truth is no one really cares about what you've accomplished. People want to see you do good but never better than them.
\": I only want 3 things right now: See you. Hug you. Kiss you\"
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard
.app deleted, bad ux, dumb response mechanism, poorly executed.
Just stubbed my toe may have hurt more than getting hit by a bus
I just want tonight to come faster
is it sad that mac&amp;cheese is the highlight of my night
SWEET 16 baby
about to trade my car for an S2000
Get off the dang stage! Ugh! Idk who i cant stand more, or lawd.
What happened to the heat!?? Thts to show age doesn't mean anything
ever drink baileys from a shoe?
Robert Trent Jones,arch.is very pleased with prep for ' 15 ,1st in 115 yrs in PacNW
So when are the swarm of friends and tfti's are gonna start
Que tristeza que la corrupta e inmoral Fifa no sancione a luis suarez por conveniencia en e l torneo mundial
ya know, &amp;I were friends before Newsies, but it's thanks to the show tht we became close. this is a Newsies appreciation post
I'm so confused as to how plastic is made
Ghana isn't tough
\": In need of a camping trip\"
Sister using my laptop and Alex Turner's my bg\n\"How dare you have a photo of my boyfriend. Change it.\" \n\nLmao
Sunday night baseball &lt; Sunday night football
Its Falling Skies time!
Got some new kicks out to dinner today my bros graduate today is a good day
The US government stands a tall 5-4.
WHERE YOU AT THO
Friends; is there a Mac app I can use to generate\/convert web fonts?
Floyd mayweather new girl look like an alien
VERY bad timing to not be able to find my headphones.
Why do people smell so early in the morning
TOMORROW IS MONDAY AGAIN. IT'S GETTING UP, AND NOT HAVING TO FACE THE DAY, THAT I DRED.
Slomo replay of fans reax to US goal = my favorite thing ever
I haven't been this happy in a long time
The American, Ibisevic pulls one back for Bosnia!
I wish I had girl friends so I can do more girl related things
this wack mom w gel in her hair just elbowed me and didn't apologize
Our fire has been a little burned out
one day Im not busy theres no plans but when I'm busy there's plans for days
I'm actually obsessed with album not a bad song on it!
I started making popcorn and forgot about it by the time I got to my room. I thought someone was breaking into my house.
you mad that little white boy fucked yo bitch
It's been fun Norwich, but time to head home.
Gold de Bosnia !!!
\"El espejo,solo refleja lo que tu quieres ver,no lo que los demas ven,!!! No dejes que ese reflejo borre tu vista,y te veas muy superior,!!!
never leaving New York staying here forever my mind has been made up I'll survive with 10 wardrobes
If your clit was any bigger it would be a dick.
NEED DUMMY FOR MW2 WILL ADD
Seriously? A Purge sequel?
Do This Nigga Really Have On Uggs ?
The factor that Emily dropped a chair on her face &gt;&gt;
Feels too strong cause I'm too attached to my friends I've made at ihs and content with all of them
Miss her so much literally
I just want to be yours, and want you to be mine... The end.
US HISTORY 82
Just call a spade a spade: Shovel Knight, can ya dig it??
promises weren't made to be broken but, you broke your promice so i broke mine.
It's a fucking sauna in my room
I was sleeping and I woke up to tell you thank you for everything u &amp; the boys have done, I'm so grateful t have been there for u guys
USA USA USA!!!!!!!
If only I were back home , if only ...
Don't look for me in the clouds, when I am beneath you
I think I'm watching twilight just for the soundtrack right now...
Preparando spaghetti para mis hijos adoptivos
Sometimes me pregunto que de tu vida!
LOVING THIS ASS WHOOPIN! SPURS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA. PERIOD
If I see the word Arizona, I automatically think of iced tea. This is bad.
Fight day today! Seniors, lets do this
So happy schools over and don't have to see your slutty ass around the halls
One day..I hope to have someone debate if I too have the clutch gene
Foot has been swollen since yesterday... doesn't hurt as much today...gonna enjoy this game then tomorrow
Ahora fue que se me vino a cerrar esta herida por yo no querer darme punto :\/
I feel so disoriented.
I can't get over how good 28 grams is
Prank videos got me rolling hahaha
Never ever EVER equate fat with ugly.
Missin you like crazy
Trying to reach the things that i cant see
Are you waiting for that moment...when things will be set right? It's a moment that will never come. Don't wait for it. Think and move.
Can this migraine gtfo
Oh lord is making me watch again. WTF.
is it just me or is every player getting injured in this game
I'm Tryna Get Beside You Like The Number 9, Dime!
yung based god came str8 for tha bitches
Ok enough of watching my slap around the time for a new
It's too hot inside my house
But after that game 6 last year I ain't gon be happy till this game is officially over
Rain will be out of here by 4.
Thank God, the top of the 4th inning is mercifully over. Giants need to make up three runs. C'mon, let's rally!!
No one deserves to have to be awake and functional this early in the morning.
Is \"touch anywhere to begin\" a sexy thing to say to a guy?
If I told ya that I loved ya I'd be lyin to ya cuz if I loved ya I'd be on that jet flyin' to ya
all I ever wanna be is somebody to you
....... you do realize LeBron hasn't left the game yet
I miss rock and roll.. Back to the red hot chill Peppers
I always give everyone the benefit of the doubt.. Even when they seem to not deserve it.
Pocahontas 2 is just awful
5am in Toronto - drake on blast!!!
Sitting here reflecting on my life and is really one of the best and closest friends and nigga can ask for.
i feel like shit hmm wonder if maybe having not eaten anything except a small thing of biscoff biscuits all day would do that
Taylor swift was in the Hamptons a week ago....Rather her than the Kardashians lol
\"Hi Beau this is blah blah blah from blah blah, a staffing agency here in NY\". \"Hi, I'm about to move to Denver so bye\". \"uuhhhhhh, bye\"
I love being young never wanna get old
I JUST PEED MY PANTS
Bir kopegim olsun adi para olsun PARA Benim kopegim olsun....
Delmar is home to baby aliens of all different colors
Lol I'm done yoo Kevin funny af
.get with it y'all!
I need to hang out with people going to chicken Thursdays aren't really cutting it.. cause like it's not really hanging out...
Deadddedddd can't wait for tomorrow to be ova
I want your hot love \nand emotion \nendlessly.
When a cab driver doesn't go to the place you told him and won't let you out of the cab even though you ask him for FIVE BLOCKS...
idek what oomf nd i got going on anynore nd tbh idec care .
Vamos Mexico si se puede
Iight clear the bench Spo pahty done
Cramps ruin everything.
&amp; I want stop until I get what I deserve .
hearing ghosts when your home alone &gt;&gt;&gt;
shoutout to any of the ladies of the world that hooked up with the guys in crazytown.
imagine you looked like what you look like in your insta selfies.. imagine
Been trying to illegally download 22 jump street for the past two hours and now my computer is frozen and saying it has \"1134 problems\"
I'm bleeding from my nose lol okay
Listen to he makes you feel things
I don't know what to do right now..
I should of left wit my cousin to his friends house
Go with youth, please.
My heart is racing for these pks
Central Park Sunday Funday!
What a game by both sides! Costa Rica plays a man down and pulls it out!
Nothing really beats Mac and cheese
Add Auburn to the list.
lately i've jst been so negative .
That awkward moment when the girl you talk to now knows your ex -_-
Bar hopping in with
Big E vs President Honest Abe \n
This weather is making things awkward.
I legally adopted for the summer lol
When this week started, I thought I'd be unemployed by Friday. The day has come and I still have a job.
Omg dad shut the fuck up no one cares
Im dead not the jealous type but when i fake act like im jealous im dead cute
hookah's such a live song I almost want to smoke hookah
Too blind to see tomorrow. Too broke to beg or borrow.
if luke falls in a forest but no one is around to see it does michael still laugh
Mom just asked for a senior discount at the movie and then told the guy she was drunk don't worry... She only had 2 maragaritas
The funniest most awkward shit happens to me, I don't know whether to hate it or love it
Possession Possession Possession please score one more
Damn how outside feel like a sweaty locker room, this humidity is killing...
I hate us not being on good terms.
Nothing better than making a change\nand seeing positive results
i slipped myself some pink Zannies and danced around the house in all over print panties.
Listen if you gonna say \"it's quiet\" stop talking about the fucking situation.
I do wish was here. She grounded though.
I found my phone charger, why did you think it was towards you? Lol aight
Ya sure ill guess ill go to sleep now
Wouldn't have gotten threw it without but I'm glad its over
There's a fire close by I have the smoke in my room
Kill me now \": 20. Current rap\/hip-hop artists dominate the charts for the next 10 years. How happy are you?\"
Dean Ambrose is making the perfect audition tape for the Road House remake
Can I just work with my faves &amp; pleaseeee haha
I love but my God , chill with the destruction for 15 minutes.
Sometimes I think it's fun to watch Doctor Who and trick myself into thinking that I won't sob
Parker on firee
Got thots all in my phone callin me b*tch stop it
I've been single my whole life
The one bug thats always flying in my room at night kys
That makes all 9 Syracuse stores plus corporate HQ in Atlanta.
It's the fake niggas I don't like that like to smile in your face then go behind your back
Marsha ambrosius is getting ready to star in the remakes of MJ's \"ghost\" video.
I mean I'm not that obsessed with lemonade... But I might want some lemonade?!?
So basically all I have to do to ignore a law I don't like is to say \"religious freedom\"? Is the SCOTUS packed with pouting 5 yr olds?
wowwwww is a huge bitch tonight
Nada se compara con un arroz y huevo revuelto con salchilla. OBVIO
It's about connection
I believe like I never have USA USA
My TL is boring when major sporting events are in cause that's all you guys tweet about and I don't watch that ish.
S M A C K E D
This white boy on 42 just made me love people again.
Tonight should be interesting
Uk ur bored when u go through your contacts and look for people u haven't talk to today.
Time to get ready to go to Fresno
Matt Besler looks like he's from Smallville.
I can see myself gettin' in where I fit in
Finally tony wants to play
Aderal and iced coffee. Let's do dis bitchhhh
The amount I am dreading doing real adult things is just amazingly unreal.
Can we not with the Stalia kiss please??
I want to cry and its not even my heart that's breaking :'(
Dear Americans,\nI really don't want to talk to you about my piercings. It's boring as fuck. Let me shop in peace. Love Aaron x
My whole circle got money. We like the wheel of fortune.
Birthday in 5 days, doesn't even feel like it
I'm wearing a pant suit to the bar tonight
I think I just scarred Jenn for life
Instant broken nose
Probably only reason I miss rugby practices.
Trey said rueche tell people to go get the album
They making me wait 2 hours for kingda ka
&lt; watching try to zoom in on Instagram like a 40 yr old mom
The things that bother me now will never matter when I'm older so I should just stop letting things get to me and enjoy the moments ahead
Another busy ass weekend &amp; of course all these events jst have happened the same day &amp; of course my ass is going Becos I love them
Cast a spell on me to ensure that the lighting never accentuates my cellulite
If I could go back, I would've never started wearing makeup
Bitch I'm eating a Nutella and banana sandwich don't be killin my vibe
I'm so stupid
if I'm not home the trap is where you'll find me
drinking just isn't fun to me unless I'm in a different country, I guess.
Camerun just lost their best Midfielder
In case you didn't know, looks fabulous right now.
Seeing as Im on IR and cant leave my bed for a few days, tons of food will be eaten and hours of movies will be watched.
Can't wait to get the fuck out of here . 2 more days!!
Debs n Phil are starting chants
We spend so much time in our lives waiting for something to happen.
Keep in mind that all these people are still in high school
I feel like death rn
Happy birthday cuz que sigan cumpliendo muchos mas. Light that shit up!
MESSSI THE DROUGHT ENDS
I get drinking once in a while to let loose but 3+ times a week is disgusting
Just snagged two mike's hards
Why Yannah can't be hooked up to the wifi ?! Ole dum ass bitch! Nigga I be wantin to talk &amp; her ass smh
Let's go on an ice cream date.
And people who rip ass on a train, where theres zero ventilation
So many bitches in Sac I wanna deliver this fade too
Voy a contestar a mis preguntas de ask , atentos que cada dia me soprenden mas xD
lmaooo did Johnny just try to save her? what a kind gentleman.
Nice little stomach eh
So they suspended the account again, seriously . Can u not, now i have to wait for an email back. Wth
Nooooo please i might actually pray before this
This girl...she just threw me by storm.
Omg\nArgentina's team is not only Leonel\nPortugal is not only Cristiano Ronaldo\nUSA is not only Landon
Depression undermines the strongest of wills
I think these brownies are starting to kick in
I want kfc for like the fist time
I could literally sleep all day
I have the the best fucking girl friends in the entire world
Breakfast and beer sounds good to me.
The dm I just sent to Austin loool
I wonder if Yanni needs a touring guitarist. Get @ me bro
How in the hell did I sprain my wrist
Everyone is drinking on this train except for me. I give it 10 mins before I'm offered a beer. I have faith in you, New Jersey.
8 camp buddy you don't talk to me no more
Are they still tryna pass this off as reality tv? As a viewer, insulted. This is soap opera worthy with worse \"actors\" lmao
Anyone else feel bad asking to go out tn because it's Father's Day?
It's somewhere back there though.. Gotta have a loss to learn the essence of killing these niggas..
Johannsson made a great run. Bad decision to take the shot there
I've been listening to the backstreet boys all day
WHOS GOING TO LIC SATURDAY??!!!?!?
Watching the Brooklyn Cyclones! Top of the 8th A's no fucking score yet!
There's so many \"209hoes\" accounts on IG that get deleted lol. \nNever even know or have heard of some of any of em'.
Colored last night, cut tonight..so looking forward to my trip to Oregon
All 5 heat players are not white. And manu is fucking them up
what I don't understand is people who don't know how to take a joke bc I can be pretty damn hilarious when I wanna be
Success is something you attract by the person you become. - Jim Rohn
La vida es corta, no hay tiempo como para dejar palabras inportantes sin decir!\n
Listen to what i have to say and i will take u with me, either good or bad. I am as neutral as it gets.
I am in this Asian\/Russian neighborhood walking with my american flag shorts. I feel the weight of the eyes of disapproval on me
LEXI'S BDAY IS COMING UP YEE
I think I just said goodbye to Elle Woods. For no reason.
Some man just pulled his pants down &amp; was got fucked while leaning against the bar. HOW IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?
Wait since when did sex become about there needs.
I was going to start my math homework but idk
I'm ready to come home tomorrow to real food and a clean house
I can almost remember the last time I had my weederz
.Where can we see this plan?
Have you ever dreamed about something that you know one way or another was going to come true?
The whole idea of it being \"necessary\" to unfollow\/block someone you had sex with just seems childish
Told Vanya \"you're waifu is a shit\" and she hung up on me
Seeing clips of the tour makes me so excited!!
What a GOL!!!!!
Idk I love &amp; care about all my friends so when they don't do the same it's disappointing
No I don't follow soccer but I'm supporting the USA so shut the fuck up
Like these kids are bigger than me
Federal Prisons which are private own collects the prisoners social security check the whole time they are incarcerate Why ??
Even my dad won't talk to me.
Like this? 5$ RT : I hate everything about you if you put the dollar sign after the number.
no hay un dia que no me menciones al maca organoreproductormasculino
How we could love women together dead!
If Kentucky can play without Cauley-Stein...
My school colors are green and white too
Love driving this piece of machinery
sum1 take me to bubbakoos pls &amp; thx
Don't get mad when I respond that way.
I want to get big enough so I can hit a baseball 350 feet maybe 400. Of course I will be working on my swing too.
So many people were in nike today I even had a little mini family reunion with my cousins lol thanks friends it was nice seeing y'all :-)
BRET GARDNER I SEE YOU DADDY! \n\n
\"Not to judge but they look like tools\"
Remember when a single wallet put all of Preston high school on lockdown???
Really don't want to go to work.
My mind is telling me noooo, but my body, my body is telling me YESSSS
I feel like no one misses me it's here today and gone tomorrow
im going to start watching teen wolf bc tyler posey and dylan o'brien are too irresistible
There was more Yankee fans then A's fans
I'll have to talk to the houseplants since isn't here to do it.
Why are my parents remodeling? This house is 4years old.
Sorry I'm slow sometimes people gotta break it down feell meee
do u remember the way it felt
What a pathetic 20 minute workout I just had.
I'm feelin' the sweet release of a Friday night, and for a couple of house we can run this town, till it runs dry.
Aaliyah is getting a Lifetime movie lmfao wtf
If you need that much birth control that you need to buy it for you then you need to stop whoring around!!
Idk if I'll ever have a super short buzz cut again. I love my long hair
3000 pictures and 200 videos on my phone ... Dammmmn lol
You can't build a relationship on promise, you build it with love, determation, and trust.
I seriously need to change the way I eat
Ahhhhhh I'm so excited\/nervous to start really auditioning in NYC
Perhaps the reason I never book is 'cause I have yet to make it through an audition without pointing to everyone like I'm living Flashdance.
im literally not even disappointed about things anymore. i just expect them to be shitty and they usually are.
I just want my grades for US and Trig!
USA WITH THAT 2ND GOAAAL
Hope they give me Saturday off I really want to go to ales bday party
And if I'm a cop of course I'm calling myself one-time
I think should announce the games at the next world cup
Aaliyah's ridiculous lol
Wish I could have hooped today would have been giving niggas buckets
Advance or not tomorrow, Klinsmann came here to fundamentally change US Soccer and he's done that in barely 3 years.
There is no diffwrence in bombs dropped from planes and suicide bombs. They are both terrorism.
If you call 911 on street racers I hate you.
Anyone in the NYC area?? Bout to go see Macys fireworks !
\": they just gotta score 28 unanswered points, then win in OT\"
I'm in love with Mary jane, she's my main thaang
Tried to wash my hands with toothpaste, I give up on life
You only live one life. For a very short time. So make every second divine.\n
crying rn tfios fuck you john green
This Costa Rica x Germany game is so crazy. Haven't moved since I landed back on nyc
whoever leaves there iphone charger in lumber they are the best
I'm looking forward to being woken up by a mountain lion in heat in my backyard. Again.
Okay that's bullshit, but whatever. Water under the bridge.
Why Darryl never wannah text back when yu need him to
I'm really 5'1, 120 pounds with no muscle or power , no reach
Heartless people with no morals have taken over the world
I have too many memories with I can go on for daaaays
I'm ready for this ride
Put your two lungs to work
kewl you smoke weed!!! we don't need pictures of it on Instagram!!!
\"Don't make this wizard mad, don't make this wizard pissed, I can kill a hill giant wit the flick of my wrist\"
Fueling up on heartaches and cheap wine
Started at $25 &amp; cashed out at $57 - Cha Ching ! I like this place : )))
Watching American Horror Story with my cousin.. &amp; the dummy falls asleep in me lol
These players on Ghana too fast though..
I own 0 items with a American Flag on it.
I love she is an amazing human being.
These guys from the Netherlands last names are crazy haha
I literally am going to unpack my suitcase and repack it right then
I was seeing cartoon characters last night nshit
Time to get off social media and read a fucking book.
I'm walking around so meet me somewhere
What day is tomorrow?
Everyone asks and I always say the same thing \" I've never seen L is the new black word, and I never will.\"
\"Some people are kind of magnificent. Just an observation.\"
Is it just me or does fountain not taste as good as it does from a can.
I hold back everything, you won't know shit and thas coo, I'd rather vent to Hennessey and Mary Jane.
There's a new show called dating naked and I'm gunna be honest I'm scared....but also so intrigued
Would love to see sam Reinhart in a sabres jersey
Mike Trout's HR into the fountain in KC is a thing of beauty.
That thing nicceee
Ain't nobody give a shit hoe
MY WHOLE FAMILY CELEBRATING
My mom doesn't believe me that the dollar shave club commercial is real..
Don't wanna argue with you over stupid s***!!!
About one more hour til I'm out dis bitch
Love when people hit me up to do some dirty work for them just call me mrs Giana bond
I'm not trying to sleep in a chair
then jumps on my bed. and bites my head and lays down
My iphones so stupid.. I have full bars and my text dont send
4:33am and I need to be up at 7:30 want to cry forever
The amount of tweets I've seen about Kim k she's wearing a top in that picture you're all idiots if you think otherwise
Get your crusty ass foot off my tl floorboards
Never say die baby! Boom
Wow I love how I have a bug bite right in the middle of my forehead
i just love real friends a lot fuck
They should have drawings in the World Cup to determine who plays who after group stage like they do in the champions
there is nothing better than saying\" no mom I don't need money cuz I have my own\" day 1 of living on my own is going pretty well
Soo who's tryin to chill tomorrow?
You piss me off. Only in it for her.
FUCK YEAH! USA!!
Congratulations to my amazing colleague as she swam her 6th Oceans 7 swim across the Tsugaru Strait! So proud!
Annnnd Rumble wins the prize for !
I finally feel like I'm the person I wanna be.
Everything is better when you decide you don't care.
why can't females have a nice body without you bitches automatically assuming its fake?
CALFACT: During Coolidge's presidency, the US experienced the period of rapid economic growth that characterized the \"Roaring Twenties.\"\n$$$
nafld and dm: PNPLA3 NAFLD Variant have inc risk for dev nash and hcc despite Normal lipolysis, no inflammation
There has to be a line.
And the fields be big as shit
Ju uroj te Gjith maturantet sukese ne test e matures &lt;3 in sha Allah keni fat :* &lt;3 :)
Why do my cats feel it's necessary to play tag at 3 in the morning I'm trying to sleep
The World Cup is a great way for people to connect and relate especially at orientation
Pretty girl should come lay down with me.
maggie in jake's women is actually everything to me (and more)
Apparently when I was younger I couldn't say my middle name (Elizabeth) so I would say my name was Megan little bitch Weber
Since I deleted my twitter app I only tweet once or twice a day now
Wifeyyy only who keeps me chilling twitter
Good morning , I already know work is gunna be extra wack today . Let me try to put on this positive attitude
Can't believe I slept for the beginning of the BET Awards
Not gon lie word to patria I'm fake tight
Oh god no
I think my baby loves me extra today
like honestly this was so hard and I changed diapers and everything
I hate hicksville people really dont learn
do it for the likes, I see u ma
I'm exhausted I need a mental break..
So excited for first ever conference tmrw. Great speakers, people and food! all wrapped up in a beautiful space.
Idk why but I enjoy traveling and I actually wanna head down to mdbp in ft lauderdale
Y'all niggas talkin like Argentina Isn't a top team in the world
Kawahi for .
Girl you had good but I'll give you better
and thats why you dont spoil your kids
Taking a Shower while being sunburnt&lt;&lt;&lt;
My 6 yr. old perfectly summed up the World Cup: \"When I get knocked down in soccer I get right back up. But they all act like crybabies!\"
\"we started from the bottom-\" \"woo!!\" \"it took twelve years-\" \"awww\" \"AND NOW WE'RE HERE\" \"WOOOO\"
you are out if my life now. there is nothing more I can do for you. what I feel\/felt doesn't matter anymore
The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
It was friendly fire on the unfriendliest of terms.
Lots of new soccer fans on my TL
Here we go boss the last dayy.
I like to hangout with people that make me forget the whole night and wake up not remembering shit
most ppl dont define self by limits we orbit them now..they r as a joke..our relation 2 the ever lengthening tether gets estranged\/idealized
Dancing on my walk from the train, thank you.
I would much rather be dripping sweat in the gym than in the club any day
\": Single, don't talk to nobody.\"
Jetzt geht's los. Deutschland gegen Frankreich in der WM. Go, Germany.
LOVING ! Can hardly contain my excitement for next week.
Thank god USA
I was thinkin damn that guy really fell. Then I realized that it was a USA player that got juked
\"I've been dreaming lately. Something I never thought I'll be doing\"
Just one of them night, I wish I had someone to talk too.
Pissed I opened that picture. That's exactly why I took pic preview off.
Smh idk how this nigga can deal with me
It took the German to score
\"Armato is a bad teacher\" - Zakary Louis Taggart
I think my timeline told me the Spurs won tonight....not quite sure.
At least I'm not in a rush this time around, though.
At 16 had a dream we was gonna get rich
My head is saying \"fool forget him\"
Explore\/exploit tradeoff, max ROI, frequency caps, and why RTB really isn't a second-price auction (and how you can benefit)
\": \"You don't remember your own number?\" the man asked, startled. \"No,\"...\"
Id do oomf! She smokes, bumps to max, cute as hell and she got a nice assssss tooo! Lololol
I really love zendaya's death glares tho
Last night in the US\n\nPlease kill me now
Just always end up feeling like this. Always.
Need friends to smoke w and go to Taco Bell @ union sq
I rather be with animals than people any day
just in case... I don't make it home tonight ;-)
Ready to party with my day one brothers
My dad wants to hand me 10K for me to fulfill my dream in Nashville, but a part of me says no.. Because it isn't fair to you.
Its fucking great.....just great
North NJ apparently is the embroidery capital of the world.
Ya bitches that be up at this time just be wanting some dick
Let's got to 100k she is so close
No need to step back.. Don't be scared, I got you, you know that.
not gonna have enough money to get my comic con ticket, jealous of people for unreasonable reasons, bluh bluh bluhhh *flounders*
Looking at your room everyday is so bittersweet
I love this Stadium
How many torn photographs am I gonna tap back to rip up again?
Once I pay for my bills and school fees and this ticket, I'ma just pay off my car , tired of this month to month shit
I'm as petty as they come my nigga , so uh please don't tempt me. thanks.
Shawn Kelley for an our huh. Ok
I was kind of scared of this black dude on the train, then I realized he was wearing toms
So if you're lonely, you know I'm here waiting for you
If I have something to do please don't let the only reminder be the day of
I got to be up in 4 hours the fuckkk
I need something new in my life my writing has been so dead
Special thanks to for the hospitality last night! Clients were taken care of 100%. Could not have asked for anything else!
Gross to think of all these conservatives celebrating because it's now harder for women to get contraception.
Mala mala mala estaba!! Muda! \": Y no dieron 90 minutos!!! Esto si es difiiiiiicil !! Un poco ansiosa verdad?\"
Fastest goal of 2014 World Cup my te USA
Watching Shutter Island for the first time. Hope it's good!
Smh...to hear that our players are also fighting among themselves ???
\"O LORD, hear my plea for justice. Listen to my cry for help. Pay attention to my prayer, for it comes fr...\" Psalm 17:1
What happen last night.
Lol why is this me \": I might have given up on life and on love, but I will never give up on my hair.\"
This is really starting to piss me off
Im just tryna be yo mcm gurl.
Thank god for
Sex on the ceiling really is my jam
All I thought about how I'd rather do that than be stuck at home with my grandma
this tranny is prettier than me fml
I guess I'm seeing 22 jump street at 10 :-(
Weird how we stopped talking out of nowhere
Its pathetic how I haven't experienced beat the clock at bar A yet this summer...
Holy fuck. Fuckk holy
I'm loving draft coverage.... Oh wait....my bad, their still talking soccer...
give God thanks for everything that I have &amp; what He will continue to bless me with.
\": Kershaw is the best pitcher in the League\"\n\n Captain Obvious reporting for duty.
Well the plan of moving to Nebraska has started . Holy
In the Jungle, the mighty Jungle US Soccer sleeps tonight.
This guy is crazy!
I have nothing to do today....... God fucking damn
It all has to do with your mentality.\nIt's not up to someone else to decide your happiness.
Just dropped my phone on my face and cracked my glasses?
driving down crystal springs and madd goes \"hey wanna see something scary\" AND TURNS OFF HER FUCKING HEADLIGHTS K COOL MADD THX
Definitely didn't wanna see that at 6 am
I love lord of the rings so much, wish I could live in middle earth
Congrats to Mongo and Bongo, and on getting those rings!
My dad means the world to me
I only fuck with 2 niggas cause you niggas be telling shit
extra yankee ticket for tomorrow's game @ 1 who wants to go
My mom letting me rock with this music lol
I think, more and more, that Beethoven wrote music like Hemingway wrote prose.
No puedo decirle a alguien \"baby\" , solo a ti.
The highlight of this entire stuck in San Fran fiasco? is here for pride!
Someone has to teach me how to save money
You can't give a nigga enough anything to keep him loyal, niggas will be niggas.
My favorite part of work is when I get to leave
That awk moment when Kamil asks for shnozberry at Tropical Smoothie
normal person: sings lyrics \n\nme: sings lyrics \nme: sings backup vocals \nme: sings guitar riffs \nme: air-drums entire song \nme: headbangs
John Mayer's' version of XO is 50x better than Beyonce's
I need to get into shape
Tell me baby, whats your story?
You do shit purposely cause you know I'm still watching lol
SLIPKNOTS DONE RECORDING THEIR NEW RECORD
You know that shits legit when the goalie doesn't even move! WABAM bitches WABAM!
Finally off work, now to go home n get rested for tonight
My has his crazy pants , like get it together brother
Things have really been looking up lately and it's such a relief.
$ styleskisx $ ur icon is so pretty :D
Costa Rica over Greece in a 5-4 shoot out baby. Holy shit!
Who are you to judge when you did the same exact thing &amp; you didn't like how you got treated.
I feel sick to my stomach
vs : What a horrible way to follow anything -related.
My tongue is so F'd up from these expanders digging into it.
Anything worth having won't come easy.. Gotta put in the work and get the results. If it's easy it's probably not worth much.
I hope it's one of them and I hope I made him smile so big
Looking forward to Dean Koontz new novel \"The city\" coming out tomorrow
I could watch movies all day
Reasons why I don't watch the World Cup games: I can go on twitterr and get the minute to minute updates
Our entire society is predicated on tearing each other down. It's kinda sad really.
Dude on American ninja warrior is wearing a costume bro he's about to shit
My charger decides to stop working when I'm at 15%.. Thanks
Thats a hammy
Summer hasn't even technically started yet. Guys, no.
Your anger gives you power, but if you let it, it will destroy you.
Brit stop trying to make \"geekin\" happen it's never going to happen.
Noooo it started to rain there.
I'm by MSG AND OH THE ARCTIC MONKEY FEELS
This place is hype today! !!!!
Fav this for a tbh in your inbox .... Only doing some though ...........
33 years old and the State Department Spokesperson -- I've got this lunch order I have to make tomorrow --
Are you going to love me forever.?
Manu Ginobili getting buckets
Isn't it crazy how all ancient civilizations independently invested stairs. Like that's the only option to go up.
Fuck. Remind me to never let someone fuck with my twitter smh
Going to concerts is so bittersweet.
I know I don't have to say this. However, please Father God guide me through the Harsh \"Evil\/EveVil\" reality of life!!!
What if Lean In was actually about leaning in and showing your cleavage to men
If Dolph can win this, he will hold something meaningful
\": Virgo People - A Virgo man will notice &amp; remember every fine detail.\"
But if they're in an obtuse angle I won't be able to see as well :&lt;
\"Joe Biden, the US president\" uhmmmm not quite, announcers
Baby I can get in ya mind I can make you never love another bitch
Id choose wanting to live over wanting to die any day
Hopefully Paige and Naomi jump Cameron and we never see her and her cheap weave ever again. I hate her.
lets get itttt
My eyebrows are hella fucking black
My best friend has my bday as her phone number
Michael \"Metronome\" Bradley
I used to hate seeing get pissed on the mound. Now it just fires me up. Off-night tonight. Make up for it against Yanks On Sat.
I might be a loud mouth but at least my stories are true.
\"I communed the f?!k out of nature, okay?\" Hilarious wisdom
I was gonna go to pride but I'm hearing too much gay shit. Yeah it's a gay function but I ain't tryna see naked niggas tf!?
Seeing these squirrels move is depressing me
Music is my life Music is my laughter that makes me cry Music is the thing that changed my life Music is my happiness I always feel in side
I think I might want to go to Howard for grad school. I'll probably be going for all the wrong reasons too.
Wait I could of screen shoted all along. Are you fucking kidding me. I'm over hear wasting memory on my phone and shit for screen shot apps.
Loving the new
Messi will never have a great game because teams focus on stopping him and he always plays in the middle
If you aren't on YO you are probably on drugs instead
If he don't got a job he can stay outta my dm's smh no scrubs
I missed hanging with my little cousin so much
wow so happy that I have to work this weekend while my family has fun down the shore :-)
Beatrix Kiddo is too dope. Dopest female fighter in film.
My week is saturated with HP Blades and 3PAR expansions!!!
all my gma watches is like CSI
This is why I haven't been on twitter as much
But the newest car you can. Waiting on parts that are years out of production is not a good time.
when I'm with you there's no place I'd rather be
Bosh calls for the alley oop. Wade throws it and of course Bosh blows it
And my brother is over here complaining he doesn't want to play!
Guess you don't have the time to kick it no more, flight's in the morning, what you doing that's so important?
Beau soleil avec M. Doucet! Don't tell me this town (Felton CA USA) ain't got no heart
Answer:no. But safe play I guess. 1 more.
Who is awake and wants to accompany me on a ride to sf one timeee
Mood ring says I'm feeling romantic
Nigga I know July 15th shittttttttt , don't worry bout me just don't forget mine niggggga
Even If We aint Together Yet Imma Take off My Dms So you know its real.
my daily summer schedule is\n1. wake up \n2. eat \n3. sleep \n4. workout \n5. eat \n6. sleep \nthen repeat \n
Bianca is a fake hippie she doesn't listen to chill music she doesn't wear cool clothes and she most CERTAINLY doesn't smoke weed!!!!!!!!
Amo Esta Ciudad (parte 1): porque a tu mejor amigo lo conociste en el subway; se rieron de la misma cosa.
Come get meh from LG
I want stuffed crust pizza ugh
We aren't supposed to push our beliefs on others; that's all.
one little step at time will be the biggest in the end..dont let anyone stop you from what you wanna do..just be happy and live life
You annoy me but i don't care enough to say something about it
nONnonononononoonno pleas e no nono nonono get out piper nononNoNononononnoon please AUSTIN NEEDs tO STAY SINGLE nOnonononno
Eat crap Portugal
You can't blame this on LeBron
Last time I checked I was the man of these streets
It's been such a productive morning.
All these posers, all these posers.
This something I don't post much but what's happing in McAllen Texas that's holding and house kids from Mexico really needs everyone's help
How did I fail to notice Pay Day 2 was on sale yesterday? Steam you're killing me here.
I need to stop thinking I'm fat.
I think I should go out tonight
OK YEAH JESSES DEF A YOUNGER LEO DICAPRIO
\": sweet tooth baby girl thats my middle name\" its not even tho...
In order to change the world \nYou first have to change yourself\n\n
Check in at an MTA subway stop, get an ad for premium car fuel.
dead tired :\/ ....need a break from everything
needs zucc-brass-pouliot! help us keep the winning line in tact and tell pouilot to sign that offer!!!!
What could possibly be worse than a rainy fourth of july?
Sharon and Victor! Memory comes up!
I tell you something the great goalkeeper Tim Howard can't stop. Me changing the channel from a soccer game to anything else.
Keep chasing that money and that's all you're gonna end up with. Money and nothing else.
It was a very much needed night .
Working on my first million while you're worrying about a bitch.
I know I just started, but can I go home yet?
CANT FUCKING STUDY
I bit a pen and it exploded in my mouth.
I heard you're feeling, nothings going right.
First time i ever did this ... lol ima lil nervous
I need more comp friends who have the one. So I can get some 8s and use skype
\": There should be a pro football game today! Nothing says America like men in helmets and tight shiny pants.\" agree
A superhero movie is only ss good as it's villain.
All I want is tattoos on my hands but I know that's a bad idea :(
Lmao bosh missing that wide open 3
Beach hair is the best hair
Even if he wife you, he can not change you.
We Would've Just Been \"Lol\" and \"lml\"back and Forth
\"Instead of ordering DCs [Diet Cokes] you should order DQs: Drama Queens\" mom when I tell her I've developed flight anxiety
Y'all don't want no problems up in here
Wow Jason Kidd really left kg and Paul pierce gonna go to the clippers
Happy birthday! Hope you had a great day (:
Someone get Donovan on a plane.
He will never be Mac truck
When my teeth are getting cleaned I like to stare my dentist right in the eyes
We do dumb shit when were fucked up
Say what you need to say
Ronaldo is garbage
Bitches and niggas always talk bad about \"thots\" but what about the niggas that be hoeing worse than \"thots\"
lol that last picture looks so real but seriously follow meeee
Aquele momento que vc finalmente esquece uma pessoa dai vc ve ela de novo ela fode com a sua vida de novo!
It's Face Mask Monday at the Kutner-Cook household. I am the only participant.
\"see the wall over there? that's how flat her chest is.\"
a drivers license would come in handy
Thanks for such amazing friendly staff!
Attention Biddies: Courtney will be visiting from June 29th to July 2nd. If you would like to see her make proper arrangements.
People have been thrown at for far less than how the Red Sox have acted in this series
Blar is a bitch
wish it coulda stormed the whole night honestly
woohoo! Great to have you in class, !
Laying around watching movies. Yup thats my friday night.
Holy shit Manu
Shapiro: re: painkillers, found tremendous amount of regional variation of how VA performs.
Vicki throwing these divas into the mud
I pay attention to every little thing.
Hit first homerun in Cooperstown today!
national anthem by lana is my theme song today
JERMAINE JONES WITH A FUCKING BANGER
Phil's whipping a towel in excitement
1 pitch! Well I'm done for tonight it's too late for this stress...
Why in this episode there's a Lil boy named Jackson lmaooo
Spurs bout to end it tonight and my boy Kawhi gettin MVP!!! Lets gooo
I wish you would of put hands on her last night bitch. And you're little friend is gunna get handled.
Karly is sooooo messy. She always in somebody ear
Glad I wasted $58 on a ticket to go see Brantley Gilbert..... :'(
Thinking About How Great My Senior Year of Football Could &amp; Will Be Got Me Hyyypee!!!
Maybe I shouldn't have drank that coffee earlier....
I love New York but man do I hate driving in New York
Soccer players stay on the ground pretending to cry. Is that necessary?
Okay I gotta give it to the fans for having drums n shit in the stands
Today started amazing and ended almost as good.
PKs are BS but here we go
Them movess thooo
I forgot how to type with these tips lmao
go to the diner and order cereal
After I'm done with these commissions I'm not going to sell art no more I'm sorry but drawing is supposed to make happy not hate it
green paper, gold teeth and pregnant gold retrievers
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
top cat has me so dead right now
\": What's open this late? ... Hungry AF\" Wal-Mart lol
light rain in Sunnyvale at 2am. does this always happen if you stay up late? weird
My dads been off since last Monday wtf, like dude go back to work
7x champ Joey Chestnut proposes to girlfriend before hot dog eating competition...make the wedding cake a triple!
YHIS. FUCKINGB SCREW DRIVER IS GOING TO GIVE ME A CARDIAC ARREST
you look like a baby prostitute
I'm a mess today. As told by the last tweet. Shutting off my phone. No more Erica. Settle down.
WHAT IS THE POINT OF HAVING A CELL PHONE IF YOU LEAVE IT HOME WHEN YOU GO SOMEWHERE
Nothing can beat a late night lift
\": Yaya you can do it. Think about the money. Ahah\"idk man its stressfull
Will I get fired if I submit to have Abby Lee save our studio?
Random twit to see who gives a shit
TAKE ALL OF ME I JUST WANNA BE THE GIRl YOU LIKE!!!
There should be an app for people I know to call me an asshole. It would be especially useful the morning after I go drinking.
I looked down for one damn second and we got the equalizer.
Oo fuck that I'm going to play some Mass Effect 2 get my comandor Shepard on
Have you ever been boarding a plane and suddenly asked yourself \"how safe are planes really\"
\": Jhene \"I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you\" \" Stoooooop Ctfuuuuuu
Tell me more about how much of an Edm aficionado you are
Win or lose, doesn't change my absolute love and complete admiration for this team.
You cant tell me, I cant have ya, I cant have that -John Legend
Won't be tweeting about tonight's game because I'm watching
Hey um... I miss you.
... comparing Brassard to the Kings' centers, but letting him walk leaves holes at 2C, 3C and possibly 4C, depending on...
Got home from work.\nAnd im finally gunna sit down and watch my TEEN WOLF. im excited I hope its good
until then i'm going to keep tweeting because it helps me vent
Unless they're going all the way to 11:00, this is gonna be short.
Turns out im quite dangerous. :3
ADP: do you have any software engineers on staff? You know your site and solutions are terrible, right?
Dyro fucking killed
So annoyed I didn't even eat my pizza
Overheard someone on bart saying her friend met her current bf on tinder and have been dating for a year. I threw up a little
\"he was touching my chest, I could feel his hard wiener. shit was going doing fast, I just had to get out of there.\"
It's crazy how I don't fuck with same people I use to.
Mfs always driving by my house beeping or screaming some shit lol
Let's stick up the world and split it 50\/50 uh-huh\nLet's take the dough and stay real jiggy\nUh-huh
early morning talks with pops are the best
Y'all should just start revising these BBQ's
A girl next to me on the subways is blasting metal music. And I'm trying to figure out who she's listening too. Damn it. Share? Haha
Brock Holt just raised his average to .735 with that hit.
You'll never understand and that's hard to get past
I have to turn less ugly for when I meet cash
An online dating site called eBae
I'm with my boyfriend because I love him, not because it's convenient for me.
Seeing these kids tweet hot me thinking 1 thing fix your fucking grammar.
What kind of human being am I? Haha
Your love is always on my mind &amp; I can't deny it
Nah, you stay lagging and shit.
Lol I'm watching Wipeout
If I can kill that spider I will feel a little better on sleeping in my room haha but it's on the ceiling and I can not get it
Check out my snapchat story to find out how boring and unappealing my life is rn
he says to be cool but I'm already cooooolest
Ta durisimo el tema
Quiero ir a la academia, pero es en clima caliente y ugh, estas cosas me las gano por idiota.
I better start going to my original nail lady
So senior week? Why dont we get something going
Hearing people have sex is such a painful reminder of how single I am.
i feel like i have no one..
she be like case i be drinking henny too!
Navas should get combat pay
Memo was like, \"Hey, fuck you\"
I thought lebron said he has championship DNA in him
chinese lessons going on at camp right now
I hate it when you're just eating, THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU FEEL LIKE YOURE GONNA FUCKING DIE IF YOU DONT DRINK SOMETHING.
Never going by another boy again
Rio 2 was just as good as Rio
Not being able to sleep til like 4 or 5 in the morning is the struggle
Cant wait for a girls night tomorrow
I want to live where soul meets body
No but really, feeling wretched af
GINOBLI?!?! POSTER AND 3
Feels so good to have my phone back.
Mondays deserve some sort of relief
HELLA BORED WITH WHO WANTS TO DO SOMETHING
Since school ended it's been in a bun
love how I didn't wear make up all day
I Boxed My Room .
I was able to watch live today.
Just bought Chey and I a cup of fat!:)
I just want a fucking corn dog lmfao
What would it take for me to brighten your day
all my family is dead, except the moms. shes in a house with an okay fixed income\n\nnathan 2 lose
So has to be awake
Now I understand why when I was younger my parents never told me about their important doctors appointments.
The fact that just added me on snapchat.. Two years later
that video is hurting my head so badly SO BADLY
Dear everyone on twitter: do not live tweet this game. Everyone is watching
Have my little sister my old phone and now she thinks she's the coolest chick on the block
JERMAINE MOTHAFUCKING JONES!!! 1-1
Your husband owes me money bish
Disappointed a bit by dzeko today
I really don't wanna work
my pussy tastes like pepsi cola, my eyes are wide like cherry pies.
I might have to start attending church just to see which corporations share my faith du jour
My work schedule is a little ridiculous.
My mom won't make me macaroni
People fighting on my block... Interesting.
The more I tell people I'm 21 the more I believe it
yo quiero ir a cine a ver Ismael..esta Mario Casas &lt;3
Why the fuck is bo all up in my story I h8 her
Met QPark today super chill dude
Party in the USA came on my iPod while droppin dat ass to the grass
Looks increasingly like Van Gaal can finally come and handle business at United?
The day my parents hop on twitter is the day I will start using condoms again
I'm hell on heels, say what you will.
When people don't invite you to there house but you would try to move a mountain for them
**erases Joel out of her memory
Basketball ? What is that
I'm still confused as to why yall on dick cause he joine vine .
what an interesting night holy shit
That was quick.
I had friends at 14 doing the most... I don't judge but that was never me.
Don't text me and expect me to respond to you after everything you've done. Douche.
I feel like I hear more about the jenners than I do about Kim
LOL I dare him to hit me I dare him!
&amp; the vanderbilt bus wagon is growing :-)
I always have to get a little lost before I find my destination lol
So I basically wrote the other side of by . So that's cool.
Yo why does my phone keep unfollowing people on Instagram
Ppl so into the soccer\/football, so cute
Just got done watching and this season looks dope
Bueno let me start getting ready..
The best feeling in the whole world is getting your shit together after you've been off track for a while
My mom is the most unhelpful person rn
Just protect my family and my niggers
They woke me up so I could hold the bag of donuts... that's not even right
Non dire gatto se non ce l'hai nel sacco
So against drugs thats the worst thing you can fucking do throw your life away when other ppl are dying or struggling to live.
\"I tried to find one individual to hate, but this season, I hate ALL of you.\" - Will, Big-Brother All-Stars
I heard she got a pretty face &amp; stand up like a stallion!
If you really like someone, being faithful is easy.
Just saw a sneak peek of &amp; it was
shoutout to this box of frozen girlscout cookies i just found in my freezer
You know you're at the right job when your boss texts you \"boo you whore\"\n
Don't take anything4 granted especially people don't waste a minute of time in the blink of an eye we can change things for the best ilyguys
I met aaron carter and Paris Hilton in Mexico when I was little and she had no clue what an iguana was
I guess I'm done, that's how it goes
Thank you football gods!
I hope Chalmers and Cole leave Miami so shabazz can get big time minutes with the big three
La tierra esta cubierta un 70% por agua, el resto lo cubre neuer.
Finally understood a chant during the World Cup! Fuck yes
Love hearing the chant in Brazil
I want to know you.\nI want to see.\nI want to say, hello. |-\/
ESPN Secures U.S. Rights to Canadian Football League Games. 86 Games on ESPN in 2014 as Part of Multi-Year Agreement.
\"Wow babe, eat my brains anytime\"-Wally West the God
Pienso q esto no ha acabado q no estoy solo y q si se puede
I hate talking to guys , cuz you never really know if they playin.
Anyone have a fake for Corinne
Livid does not begin to capture the emotion.\n\nIt's been real, US, but your girl's gotta bounce.
\" It's Hard To Resist A Bad Boy Who's A Good Man. \" Well That's Life Gotta Deal With It 100.00% So
Man I'm tired but I couldn't possibly go to sleep without finishing this episode of that I've seen 34 times.
This girl got me feeling Dayroom ... Dubb
My trackpad doesn't respond to guitar calluses.
Ik you have your phone so why can't u just answer a simple question that I texted you?
Oh! Let's throw the ball around some more.
very much vibing to the jewel \"foolish games\" youtube playlist right now
Smooth transaction, no need to call the police!
KSJC 260453Z 34007KT 10SM FEW012 SCT017 18\/14 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP153 T01780139
Yall tweets got me dead asf
You give love a bad name.
Happy I'm not one of Noah's \"hot friends\"
Be careful how you live. You will be the only Bible some people ever read.
Anyone got any suggestions on good games?
Today is a great day to think of our forefathers and their hopes for us, how'd we do?
IM GOING TO FAIL THIS TEST
What's the deal - Shannon is the new ? Spare us. This is not fun or good TV!
I'm taking perverse pleasure in being one of a few people not using social media to talk about soccer. Damn it, I just did it. Dohh!
Netherlands will eat the winner alive anyway.
He probably gonna slap me but idc ...
I gotta start stretching more, I want to be so much more flexible by the time cheer season starts
Why does grad rehearsal have to be so early
Pandora is on a roll rn
Bet a hunnid rn... watch I know its gonna happen
china &amp; india need World Cup squads
How not you already kno I am but you said you wasn't
Something about that actually makes me feel pretty shitty
Not looking forward to this 230-11 shift.
Other than the train shit. The rave was awesome.
I'd say the high point of my day was getting to use a fancy saddle, the low point was probably when I blew my fucking tire out :)
never know what they have utill they clean their room.\" lol yall allways find things for me
Just discovered there's an account for Netflix on my blue ray already active.... My summer is over...
Okay I'm done with my snapchats for tonight LOL.
MANU IS COLDD!!
Arbys is hitting the spot rn.
Lax fest day 2
Finally heading home jamming to got me dancing in the train
Whilst flying just now, I felt a shudder in the plane and thought oh no, what if my last tweet is the calzone retweet?
Been up since 3 hopefully I can stay up all day. Joys of bf leaving in the middle of the night
Shawty go down and she ain't trynna breathe owwww
OK, it looks like they got to me! I just found out about the MITB PPV and my god what a lineup! Could this be the night my interest returns?
Cherry slush club
it's that point in the night where we call Greg and he ignores it and we call him a slut
that would be the worst thing you could do right now
Is it too late to drink a coffee?
All I really want is you.
foi bonito foi foi intenso foi (8 ..
Can't wait to meet a lot of kamfam at summer splash
To the Worst and Best country, Happy 4th of July!
I TOLD YOU!!
This whole waking up at 6am thing for no reason has real gotta end
This whole not caring thing is really working
But it really does \": phone lives on vibrate. Fuck ringtones.\"
Well this really puts a damper on the game tomorrow...
Can't wait to be at the coast!
My life goal is to marry a Colombian
College ball looks like so much fun I would honestly play for any team i don't care haha
Currently in lalalalove with Dempsey
I just want to cuddle with Bailey and Emily. I'll just drive back tomorrow morning
A guy sitting behind me on the bus just said grace over his Cheetos.
If looks can kill then my still might body ya
Why is Karrueche Tran hosting the goddamn pre show
U guess I've gotta do some drugs to sleep, sigh
Shoutout to the only one i know who picked the spurs to win.
Men cape for these women half the time for no reason........
Sad not to be watching the bachelorette with annoying Roe Roe, but grateful her surgery went well
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia\nAnd forget about the stupid little things
The lady who looked at Duane reade told Connor the drinking age is gonna be 25. We googled it, such a hoax, Gucci summer
\"he looks like a Norman\" -
Sports bras &gt; regular bras
Faithful no matter the distance .
Or white boys getting on top of a table shaking their booties to gasolina ._.
I am taken my battered women's rights and fucking going back to bed .
I texted 5 people last night saying \"come outside\" but I know I wasn't at their house... So that's kinda not nice
Maybe I should go to sleep
Nothing more annoying than one parent tattling on you to your other parent. Like handle your own shit lol
Guy Fieri made the sound of a transformer-like plane and said \"Flavor jets locked in\". That's the first time I heard that
This is so difficult for me
they say I'm too young to love you\nthey say I'm too dumb to see
So today i wamna go jet ski , to a cookout and then a parrty
My next door neighbors are watching finding nemo. I only had to hear one line and I knew.
YES YES YES!!!
I like to think that to celebrate the 4th of July, Lincoln would get white girl wasted on lokos while Franklin\/Washington ran BP tables
Michael Dal Colle welcome to the Islanders!!!!
Why do I feels the feels I feels
Ladies I'm finna give yall free game. Your mouth piece can get you more than your pu**y ever could. Just gotta know how to use it =)
what good is writing your own lyrics if they suck. that's why songwriting is a job
call me today I promise I won't be here
I just got stung by a bee for the first time in my life :'(
I thought the world cup was over ugh
Looking forward to joining at 8 AM ET. Joining and on set.
Dancing in the club last night has me motivated even more again!!!! I need to research some cheaper dance classes. BDC is hurting my wallet.
Where did all my hair go !
Definitely going to use Timesify nxt time I read Buzzfeed in the office
Got really good at this dj app making sick mixes just wished I could record it gotta buy the add on
Last comic standing is a great show
Didn't plan on crying this early into graduation.
Hey everybody, put it on CSN Bay Area, Lincecum has a no hitter going!
Two spilled cups of coffee later I'm awake
There are few jerseys in sports better looking than the Netherlands straight orange
Who he foolin' with these steel grippin' lines? You fuckin' with me? You gettin' smacked. We on real nigga time.
If you fall asleep while we're texting, I'm holding a grudge.
I feel like if you get crazy over your nigga then you know that he's not your nigga. Why stress instead of enjoying your relationship?
nah b it slow imma go home when Jen get here
Got my hair cut started at 9:48, I'd just finish..
Goose and ginger ale... well it'll have to do
I'm so glad I'm almost done with these transfer classes. I was probably slippin here and there but I always found my motivation &amp; kept movin
You guna still my bae to?
But say, gh fans dey mk noise for the stadium der paaa..Ibi so!!
Que dulce el sufrimiento deportivo, el mundial de fufbol me va a matar.
Who wants to go to a movie..
People be so shocked when I tell em where I live at here.
Oh yes USA
This is not Sneijder's World Cup...
I smile when something is worth smiling for not just for no reason lol
Whoevers at stage 48 come see spin upstairs from 8-9!!!!
Yummy BELT &amp; Arnold Palmer from
on the board
I don't need this. I really don't.
so bored, need something to do
If my cousin says yes ill be roadtripping it down to miami first week of august
WHAT A NICE GOAL! USA! USA! USA!
just now watching SYTYCD and im getting way hyped
There's that one hot stud on Virgin Territory that i wud totally smash
Mother Nature is being very unpatriotic today!
I fucking hate Mikey's why you gotta do us dirty and leave us like that
Good day with the boys to help get my mind off things
where are you guys ??
Money gunna be made real soon and lots of it
Y es que uno se empieza a cansar De los amigos,de las promesas, del amor, de la vida.Y entonces es cuando uno se deja ir y ya no espera nada
I CANT BREATHE BILLY GOT SUSPENDED FOR THIS SHIT
\": When I see picture I think \"But you don't look like that in real life doe\"\"
Crazy to think that in 60 days I start a new chapter of my life over 2600 miles away from home
I don't even play video games or read books anymore I just lay in bed and stare at the ceiling Idek.
\": Those relationships where you can be both lovers and best friends.\"
Im a tiger..woof
I plan around naps with my dog.
What did I say?
I like to live my life happy. I don't need a lot of $$$ just give me positive energy, health and love and good friends. And good arts :-)
I keep thinking \"Brunch with !\" or \"Figure Drawing @ tomorrow!\" then I am reminded that it is . All toes in!
Stephen fucking Sondheim is visiting Frenchwoods this summer. \n\nAnd im not gonna be there.\n\nWhy.
I forgot what a real hangover feels like..why do we do this to ourselves
I'm just gonna put a pillow over his face and hold it there
You gotta know what your looking for before you start searching.
we all get periods
Imagine if was president? Damn.
You can only account for a moment, you cannot account for the next...
Why bother or try harder ?
These relationship goals are so weak.
If we score again, Twitter may break.
Jamming to hood beatz in the car because I'm 2 hours early for work.
Sometimes I can handle getting my feet scrubbed while getting a pedi and sometimes it's unbearable. Today I got lucky.
I know im gonna do big things and that i'll always be fun.
Navarro did a nice job of reaching really low to line that change-up up the middle for the tying run.
When will realize he isn't even ugly?!?
im wearing my outsiders shirt rn too. how ironic. lmao.
Home of the free because of the brave!
Its a historic time for our industry. NYS is the right place and we are the right people to reclaim our place at the forefront -
It takes a lot for me to hate someone and only one person has earned the honor for me to hate them
Good shit Bosnia shoulda been a tie game but chaknow own goal...
I could go for a salad from Olive Garden rn.
What to eat for lunch before work
My parents don't know when to back tf up. Shit.
I don't even know what state I'm in
Is there anything more American than watching and fight each other?
Catch these idiots on the break. Win 2-1.
But that's none of my business
Ortho appointment rn but I haven't been wearing my headgear lol shit
\nOscar investigation \n
Tomorrow I'm heading home and I am going to miss my family more then anything in the world. We got really close over this trip.
It's not MY bed anymore.. It's my dogs and I get a tiny section in the corner... and IF I'm lucky I get a blanket
I do the same thing every day but everything is so different now
I don't got any money (literally) but here's a little flower.........
Why is the guy from savages just running people over
FUCK YOU LITERARILY JUST CALL ME
I could be cleaning every fucking day but when I'm watching tv after a long day is always a fucking problem
I know a lot of people that smile in my face but talk behind my back every time I'm gone
I would never actually delete my twitter. I just wanted to say it like everyone else.
How you disrespect me but get mad when I do it back
My bed never felt so good
Abby and I get drinks and apps to celebrate Father's Day....while my dad hangs out with his friends
Yoga may help some people get zen, but it's pickin heavy stuff up and puttin it down that does it for me.
And it is sold out
Que grande que es . Centroamerica...si se puede.
People who try to make bad things work are just wow
Tomorrow does not feel like my birthday at all
$300 dresses, $600 jackets, oh my!! Anyone know any size 2's? I'll cut you a slick deal. (I feel like I'm selling my children...)
Same goes for women too with guys
Since my summer in Samoa has been declined, I'll be working my ass off.
I need to invest in a dab set I think ima get a bio its 160$$ tho -_-
where can i start watching teen wolf lol
I love doing these 21 questions things.
Interested in dialog
They are releasing all of the scores on the same day! I'm gonna get a heart attack tomorrow.
I hope the fireworks tonight are worth missing teen wolf
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE EE.UU PORTUGAL 1 EE.UU 2
Would anyone like to come to Toms tho? We're chillin by the pool and have no friends so
never ever having anything type of function or even kick back @ my house again. FUC DAT
Do i see bandwagoners still acting like fans during the offseason????????
I also just added to my phone's dictionary. Again, why is he friends with me?
This is so bad that it's so good
How many unsucessful things will Melissa McCarthy do before she just stops
You gon wish you never PRETENDED you didn't care.
22 year old NBA finals MVP ... not too shabby Kawhi Leonard
I'm gunna taste the beer in Switzerland and taste the wine in Italy.
I make putt putt putters paridice
11 days until Europe and they can't go by fast enough
Just landed back in the U.S. and futbol has magically turned back into soccer!
Natasha Richardson and Dennis Quaid in is all I could ever hope to look like when I'm older haha
It's okay not to be okay
Do the spurs gave a player from America
Hey guys I'm gonna be single soon, right after I kill my boyfriend for consistently taking the longest time in the world to go places, brb
This is def not beach weather
Cinnamon rolls came out pretty good
Does nobody go to Gold's Gym
And the bad girls want a real niggga
Watch espn app is ready for tomorrow. I look forward to catching damn near all of the action
I'm having really bad craps rn and I feel like I'm dying fuck everyone ugh
starting this game off right
The people that were just here left us some lychees
quote this with your favorite powerade flavor!!!
I always fall for the assholes
no me quemo mas la cabeza por nada
I need 2 girls who can fit in a adult small tshirt! Need to get this lookbook started.
Maybe there would be fewer pulled muscles if we filmed the players stretching and warming up and then sent it to me to, um, check
Can't even explain it, I'm so into you now ..
Had to use the sad emoji one time.. lmao
jo jo si me viera el nutricionista rainau
You all like America for independence day but any other day of the year it's fuck this country were fat and we suck dick at everything
LOL idk why my parents had children uh
Good shit US
Han Solo invents helpful tool for car shoppers: Comparison Ford.
Taking a crew today would make my week.
Hopefully my day goes by fast
how has Andrea managed to hit two mailboxes and a dog since she has got her licenses?
World Cup fields are 110x70 to 120x80
Getting mcdonalds at 3am is such a struggle
That was a fair challenge
All ma bitches luv me, n I luv all ma bitches
Niggas made it to he strip club
Quite desperate for a ride to school Tuesday before 11:15 if anyone wants 2 bring me
forget the come via last tweet
Rly don't wanna clean my house but ya
THIS WHOLE SITUATION AGGRAVATES ME TO NO EXTENT. YOURE NO HELP.
Knowing there will never be a song as good as legendary lovers other artists should give up.
It's like the addiction you just can't get rid of
I applaud Clint Dempsey for staying conscious after taking that kick to the face.
my head was like a bouncy house for that rock
But when the day goes and the night comes. I'll still be your Casanova.
Perhaps I need more time to understand why and why can't be an app?
I tell my guy friends to do things to girls that I know would hurt me if it were done to me. I'm horrible
Is it weird I'm helping my ex look for soccer cleats
These old hags are rude as hell
If Karnezis misses any of these saves I'm guna call him kenezis
Penalty kicks. My favorite part of the game.
\"I'm writing your name in the lawn\" -Ryan as he pees.....
No better feeling than telling a patient they are cancer free
Ain't no warmth in all the money in the world if ya hearts still cold
Markdowns are such a hassle -_-
Between tax breaks, warm weather, n high draft choices!Do we even have a chance? They have demonized us, so now how do the Yankees compete?
I don't know what anything is anymore
Those pretty girls on twitter i never get at cause if i do she gone think im another average nigga , wait a couple years baby girl&amp;ill holla
Apreciate everything that happens to you because nothing lasts forever
Been at gym since 8:30 and they close at 2....might as well stay
Imagine pulling up to ya school in the best car
Oh you know it's not like I don't care or anything
I WOKE UP IN A NEW BUGATTI
When the going gets tough, the tough get going
THEYRE PLAYING THE KOOKS IN GOSSIP GIRL
This had been great for the game. Every match has been entertaining and an awesome ambassador!
Tired of being suckered into worthless listacles by savvy - Check out
Getting hit on by customers results in sushi and drinks.
don't even get why I'm getting involved with you again.
I'm glad bum ass toney Douglas and Greg oden don't get rings
Some trans people change sexes even, but it's just not possible to change species so quit identifying as a god damn animal
I should hang out alone in Central Park more because I find the attention from bike tour men flattering
Penalty kicks might not be fair, but what else is there to do. Niggas cant play forever
And this is exactly why I can't wait to move 6 hours away. 65 days and counting.
Point your finger, play the blame game, trust me man it's the American way.
I hope you're having a fantastic birthday ! Cheers to you, sir!
Monday is in the bag people. Maybe if I roofie myself this week it will make Friday come sooner?
Hey if anyone was planning on getting a simple oil change today don't because it will be a six hour wait and you will hate everything.
This job is going to make me hate people
Dust by Eli young band is PERFECTION
Im such a grandma during the week
First time at in awhile but had to swing through to dap the one and only swagtastic
can I just be in Aruba yet
Living in a household full of iPads and iPhones is stressful. Niggas have to like attach cement blocks to their chargers so no1 can take it.
After today I don't have to deal with all the miserable school traffic yay
I love pink, she makes me wanna run wild
I'm Catholic, my partner is Jewish. I guess we are off to the to see who's \"right\" trumps who's.
Halt and Catch Fire on vuoden parhaita uusia TV-sarjoja.
DEMPSEYYYYYYYY LETSSS GOOOOO
Happy 4th, work 12-7.. Somebody hmu if youre bbqing at your crib tonight.
O Lord, grant that this night we may sleep in peace. And that in the morning our awakening may also be in peace.
Just thinking....why is Bugs Bunny name Bugs Bunny ?!
straight through his legs
Like let me clean your ass and I bet you still wouldn't be satisfied
Nothing sucks more than feeling like you don't matter to people who matter the most to you.
SF Giants team spirit is out of control.
I'm perfectly content with being alone, I like being alone with my thoughts. it is actually very calming and refreshing
I gotta do tips tomorrow. I think I'm gonna stop doing tips lol. Someone needs to learn how to do them.
I'm about to make some marijuana tea
I kinda wanna have sex with you no actually I want to skip practice today
Packets picked up. My first time racing with looking forward to a great day. Happy it benefits
blue is true : 3. Fav color?
Whatever Pop said to Parker in the first minute of this quarter really lit a fire. Whoa.
1 party down 1 more coming
JERMAINE JONES YOU BEAUTIFUL BITCH
Everyone in this bar is going crazy
Barbaros Ticos Ticos. Que buen partido amigos me quito el sombrero
I hate the trolls on twitter who call celebrities their queen. Fucking. Weirdos.
Bumper to bumper traffic in the middle of nowhere and I've never had to go to the bathroom so bad in my whole life. Cool.
a person's maturity level is measured \nby how respectful &amp; intelligent one's responses are to any given situation
Money make her do things she woulda never did
I don't ever wanna feel like I did that day
why do people make excuses just be fucking real
I need some better friends lmfao
Tim Howard with them crazy saves
I plan to ship something every day this week, and then I plan to do nothing all weekend, and then I get to start a brand new job so omg
All Your Friends Asking Where You Stand With The Boy ...
Lets gooo!!!!!! USA!!!
Can ted just meet the mom already
Annmmnd I just wanna tell everyone that rosalia and Taylor are my davs I love yougiys
Fuck yo bitch and the clique you claim
We should design new cal elite jerseys
Spotify premium has been my greatest investment ever
Advocating for pedestrian and bicycle safety with . Asking the Sierra Club to support .
dont have any energy to get ready
I wish I could show ppl this conversation but I'm not gunna expose myself like that
\": Ryon Healy is now 15-29 over his previous seven games for Stockton. Has had two 4-hit games over his past 3 contests\"
Ya me dieron ganas de mandar todo a la mierda. Tan raro en mi,
I wake up to Nikki just laying there staring at me
Yesssss c'mon Varella
Kawhi Leonard be hungry 24\/7 always chewing on his tongue but yet they never have a pic of doing it
: should I leave my house rn to get tacos?
spurs deserve it
I gonna wake up retarted, i just ate my second brownie, bouta go to sleep in a lil
all of that was said for the people mane .
Now my life is sweet like cinnamon.
another question what about the other accounts \"Krystal\" had\/has access too
Lil wayne not interesting no More
un gol mas no caeria mal!!!!!
Watching she's all that and Freddie Prinze was def dreamy in 99 baby
Make your goal chicharito , show us what you got !!
Thank you Coach Sharon for showing us how to love the game, in a way I never imagined.
sunburn on your back is the absolute worst
I've never been more lazy in my life
Oookay The Patio looks poppin why am I not there?
If you got two hoes ya gotta let one go
It seems to me that needs to play Portland every week. Also, BCAAAAAAMMMMM.
I always second guess the decisions I make.
They're asking for references now...
So my ifriends, my Botox has started to work and I can no longer move my forehead. Here's hopin this works!
Not when a 30 year old hits on me, like okay hold up I'm legit with my father and u ask for my number 1 r u dumb 2 I'm 16 gtfo
Bruh I miss him , but I can't stand him right now
Baby, I'm a pro bitch.
The Bro Code: Article 69: \"Duh.\"
I'm over this movie ha
Bought groceries and still ain't bring nuthn to eat
My lady not here im so bored without her
I'm seriously incapable of believing this
If Ghana wins I hear finally gets a push
I wanna take a walk at the beach at night c:
What a fucken goal!!!
I've realized my voice goes deeper when I talk to someone attractive lmao
you gonna roar at me like a tiger ?\nBitch pleas, I'm A lion
I really wanna talk to you though...
OK Wimbledon. For a minute there I thought that was a bit of a dirty joke
Love me like you never will again.
I wish fall asleep after fap
my mom was like mad dont embarrass me by calling me out infront of everyone that im wearing ur clothes i couldnt help but laugh
I just let my hair down from a pony tail and it smells like fierce....ahhh I've missed this smell
I AM THE PRO OF KAN JAM OMG
I say \"I don't knw\" to everything when I'm in a bad mood
when somebody tweeting real shit but you don't want to keep retweeting them bc you'll seem weird..
I was like \"this is gonna be a game without a yellow card.\" I spoke too soon.
You're a cunt but it's okay you'll be alright
If Green would've hit that I would've smacked my father.
Saying bye to someone I've grown up with was one of the hardest shit I've done tbh.
Should probably start eating less this summer
So hard to pick one MVP when the play such amazing team ball
Ain't nothing better than ny thots
Tears that turn into anger, then right back to tears...
West to East jet lag is real. I haven't felt this restless since NY-India last year. SF, you kill me but glad I can watch in NY.
Is it possible to buy a bottle of buffalo sauce?
Next weekend cannot come soon enough...
Someone catch fireflies with me &amp; drink wine then some cudi time on a hammock.. Haaaaaa gewd one
Im just going to take the longest bath EVER
\"Imma just say no homo over the whole conversation\" \n\nWhy can't Riley chill?!
GoodNight Mentions For A (Must Follow Me)(All Females And Girls And Model Girls And SexyGirls Welcome For Follow
That sneaky ass bitch Raquel! She works with Oscar! no no no no! Sloane has fucked up!
apparently instagram couldn't handle my nipple
WOOOOO!! such a beautiful shot!
Woke up with a big ass lump in the back of my head and it hurts like hell :(
I WILL FOREBER HATE GREECE FOR KNOCKING OUT MY BOYS FROM AFRICA
Waitttt are we going to make it to August!?
I'm tryna go to a sauna
\": no\"you aint gonna be saying that when I dont make it home
Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous!
when I look at you with them babyblues cuttinright through me You set me on rewind back to the goodtimes when you couldn't get enough of me
What is Lil Wayne wearing and what is he rapping about?
33 seconds in!!!!!!
Or although it's kind, they think a goodmorning\/goodnight text is the most romantic gesture from a man. Let's grow up ladies.
I finished reading a 571 page biography on Steve Jobs. It was an excellent read. I have a new admiration for Steve Jobs and Apple.
Yes just fucking talk shit right to my fucking face.
Timmy no-no &amp; Buster 4-for-4...the tide is rising again for our - spectacularly!
my cat just ate lettuce wth
If you think that by telling me that you will \"pray for me\" will make me religious or come closer to god you are oh so wrong
the most perfect weather for a good run
If you really want something, you better work, betch
The shit that comes out of Brandon's mouth is absurd
Why do you do that
I don't need people to push me down when I already know I'm higher than them.
Hot Weather ( and no torrential downpour ) for the first day of Surely not!!\nis here :-)
So annoying when friends get in relationships and then disappear from their friendships.
That's why we ranked in ct
Fuck I got a 5 page paper due on Wednesday.
See now I'm crying lmfaoooo rob thought he was soooo smooth in that all white
Somebody at the really loves early - mid 2000s pop punk from the stuff that's been playing since we sat down.
THERE WE GOOOOOOO
I just got out of work. I think I'm going to vomit
my dad was reading my yearbook signatures and he just said \"what is swag money\"
Coming out to eddies music! That gave me goosebumps too!!
Accidental sex dream on the home. Woke up in Canarsie.
Insecure bitches need to go elsewhere.
I done wasted all this money on tops...I need to get in the gym prontooo
slander &amp; nghtmre's \"we like to party\" 2nd AND 3rd drop... enough said
Honestly just trying to have fun out here.
The only part of the World Cup I have watched was the extra time in US v. Portugal, AMA.
im so excited to go to frosh box :-)
Looked at my fb all the way from 09 we all used to be so close... Times change man:\/
Is there anywhere I can go to scream on the top of my lungs and not cause a scene? HELP
How dare you say so much hurtful things about someone that got you to the fullest? There's nothing Godly about that, that's the devil.
White ppl don't know shit bout black music
Last night when the house music stopped playing and someone turned rap on, it killed me. I honestly wanted to leave after that hahaha
Can't tell if your friends are nice or being jerks
Why does my hip hurt so much:(
To all the people who saw TFIOS before reading the book yall better read Looking For Alaska before the movie comes out
when u make a new ig and the ppl you thought you wuz cool with dont follow back.
queria ir proBrazil mais sem previsao de data=(
Stop stomping the girls under you...are they hot...shut up this is the first time a girl has been under you.
Live in the East Village, but all I hear outside are the sounds of crickets in the garden downstairs.
my room is bare. bed, tv, and 2 dressers
BBQ if we win this fabulous grill! Garden side dinner with roasted chicken!
30 seconds in and I'm already hard
I sound like a dipshit when I tweet. Don't think I don't know.
Sitting on the roof drinking beers, friend's pebble lights up - \"shit, I just made 100k\"
after I eat that, I treat that, then eat that again
Learned to just do your own thing , your better off
30 segundos damnnn!! Go USA!!! Que gol man!!
Nets are officially on crack
SIMPLY. SENSATIONAL. STROIKE
lmfao my cousin is too damn young to be talking about that typa shit with someone that isnt even her boyfriend.
My cousin told me to move on &amp; she loves you.
hit her with a little biggie one on one
Alguien me dice si el Gol de Estados Unidos es el mas rapido de la Copa del Mundo ???
I jus wna drink and talk about life
Wearing my retainer to bed for the first time in.. I can't even tell you how many months. Let's see how long this last
Everything is under construction and I can't walk down the street.. Come on World Trade Center.. I had a long day...
look forward to not coming back into my life
Feels like a Bell blvd night...
the beach is so crowded and I hate people
i thought id love that demi is at pride, but now I'm just getting annoyed. Lovatics taking over pride
lose your mind was the best (half) season
Na, wouldn't want you to get another write up yanno? Since you already got one..
New arrangement is a fancy phrase for cover song.
It's a snapchat kind of night : ohhkaylamarie
I'm hungry again so maybe u should eat salad.
He just kick the ball and walked back like nothing lol
that coco chick was thick but ugly
Why is everyone and their mother at the gym right now.. Go home
k wow now I'm not even tired
All time low: just downloaded the the Kim Kardashian game
Gollllll. 1- USA 1
My obsession w Josh is unhealthy
Not even gonna watch the game
I CALLED VIXX A WEEK AGO. OH MY GOD. I GOT DA POWER.
What are some strategies for a new brand to grow their Instagram following?
I ALWAYS meet some Koo ass ppl at the cemetery good to know there still some good ppl out here
The King of the fall. So excited.
Call your self champagne Papi but only drink sparkling cider FOH
I'm just legit professional YEEE tryna think of old phrases I used to say lol
Where the \" illuminati\" believers at? Aint this the time when yall start yall \"everything is rigged\" nonsense?
What a great weekend! .. Now to catch up on some sleep!
How do I go from happy to sad in like 10 mins..?
Then I just drink a shit ton of water
\"If thou is a man with a piercing on thy tongue, thou is a homosexual. \" \n\n- Leviticus 13:23.
FUCK YEAH !! ON PACE FOR A 180-0 VICTORY OVER GHANA!!!\n
to or not to that is the question?
I start breakfast class Wednesday. Class starts at 3 in the morning and goes until 10:30. A hell of a way to finish my first year at school
I should start seeing the glass half empty so when it spills I'm not as devastated.
I don't understand people who drive with their windows up during the summer... Summer's meant for blasting music and having windows down!!
I'm sick of myself so I threw up
I just saw a bird chance a squirrel
Off work and I got paid
THIS WORLD CUP IS ARROZ CON MANGO
Working out on an empty stomach is going to kill me one day
Aaaaand is through! And poor Gekas is branded for life as a loser.
I love being part of the hype!!
Asking those who have tried it: How difficult is it to actually make a switch from to ? Long phone wait? Service call?
I love it thou, we look hungry
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
I hate when I'm cooking or even eating in the kitchen and someone walks in
someone text me I'm moving into my new house and I'm bored
GO WONDO OR DIE
This suckssss!!! I have laryngitis -.-
And then i was trying to figure out if I was dreaming..
L O L I'm mad gay though so it's ok RT : Aram is so bad at being gay its embarrassing. Just like his bed dancing.
I literally just screamed at Once Upon a Time
USA USA USA USA!!
I've never been in a restaurant for so long without my food...now I'm getting mad
I love how a sheriff just cut me off..
Almost an hour and still no tweet back from guess customer service isn't included with coach seats
Please someone come help me declutter my room
first night of summer and I'm home watching netflix
The best of the world cup!!! \n\n
come with me, play a lil marvin
\"Managing the ongoing relationship with my intuition is like foster-parenting an intoxicated manic-depressive toddler.\"
Gotta wake up early tomorrow but I'm not tired. Oops
Not sure how I feel about the color swap for the new Netflix logo
That's Crazy How They Play Mother &amp; Daughter In TV Shows But Are Married
I'll get that follow back soon xo I just wonder when
Somethings ain't even worth trippen over !
Ladder in the middle of 684 southbound near the Cross River exit. Just a heads up for all the travelers today!
Im on that level where idgf if you dont give. I'm done caring when yoy don't care. So fuck everyone who hasn't text, called, fb, insta, etc
Tomorrow is going to be insane! Get to early, from will be rocking the room on the 1's and 2's!
Wow since summer started, I haven't been on twitter at all
First gym sesh after a full month off ...
Where did all the \"Heat Fans\" go...
PLZ update ur snap chat story one more time
Thought this was supposed to be a great day but it fucking ended horribly and in tears now everything is fucked I hate today
Just can't enjoy all male movies and stories anymore. I can no longer give a fuck.
not the only thing i would do sheesh
Awwwwwwwwwww that's cute he shout out his babygirl
Hmmm what exactly am I going to do today
I know how these teams feel - I'm tired too. Though I've also drank a lot of beer
embracing the fact that im gonna be alone all day
Happy birthdayy !!
I'd be like, \"alright bye asshole\" then work out and lose weight for myself and be all hot and shit. Throw it in that fools face.
I'm gonna miss the African babies... They're so cute :(
Ironic that of all airlines managed to contrive to not get me to Brazil in time for the game.. :(
watching top 100 players in the 2013 NFL season
Oh we got this.
NO I DO NOT CARE HOW YOU SHED 30 LBS AND GOT RIPPED
We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.
No cheeks than Idc bout u
Looooong talk with my bra we thinking about moving to the
Nice back-track on my bf , !
** kinda fucked up there's no lime emoji
Yo if we get a season of Kate and limited Derek I'm gonna go flip a car or something my rage will know no bounds
Tonight is about to be wild
Soo I'll just sit right here and drink this beer.
Swing and a miss. My alma mater is victorious in the 2014 ! Nice to be .
Woo hoo got a full 10 hour day finally! Fuck yeah I'm off too
Inquiring minds want to know RT : But what sweater will Klinsmann be wearing tomorrow?
Finding bug bites you didn't know you had is the worst.
Listening to hardwells edc set on Sirius xm 52 dope as fuck!
I'm watching family guy and eating fruity pebbles
I don't think I can ever read now that they wrote a \"breaking news\" article that Kim kardashian is blonde again.
Pretty sure my right eye is naturally droopy...
GOLLLL LA PUTA QUE LO PARIOOOO
Oh word! some asshole took a shit on your oriental rug, huh?
Lol move the fuck on already,I did.If unfriending\/un follow\/deletemy# helps you then go for it. And no I never still think about you.
\": I'm not afraid of commitment. I'm afraid of committing to someone who won't commit to me.\"
Overly focused far from the time to rest now
Walking by a guy in a suit who is rapping DMX lyrics he's reading on his iPhone...kinda looks like Dave Chappelle? Might be Dave Chappelle.
Hoe u got me f'd up
Only in NY could you leave ya crib at 3 am and genuinely find something to do
I needed a 85 on the social regents to pass... Ya boy go a 87
Well it's official I'm fucked for next year lmaooooooooooooo
\": DIE ANTWOORD. SEPTEMBER 25. FOX THEATRE. OAKLAND.\" lets go lmao
JERMAINE FUCKING JONES!!!!!!!!!
My mom is so annoying. I don't like Malia and that's not gonna change. This is why I don't like watching the same tv shows as you. Go away.
If the school calls about summer school one more time I'm gonna freak
Parker can't miss.
Keeping me in such hot pursuit
Thank god they didn't 3peat
That deserved a red card. It was intentional no one kicks like that while in the air
I'm more thankful for than pasta. That's some real shit.
love and hip hop about to come on
committed? You do not even know who told you what!
Can we get any movies about black excellence? Upcoming of George Washington Carver maybe?
depois vejo quem nao me segue irei retribuir!
A los 30seg
Can my mom start cooking iftar
Frankie Grande annoys me. Sorry Arianna fans. But I can't deal lol.
Happy Independence Day everyone!!! Now let's get destroyed
Seriously tho what's good for tonight
Someone come kill me at work, you can even have my paycheck
NICK CANNON IS GONNA GET GUNNED DOWN JULY 2ND ON THE NEW SEASON OF WILD N OUT FOR LOOKIN LIKE THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ronaldo pulling a classic Torres.
IM WEARING MY BOYFRIENDS LAMINATE. HE CANT TALK TO ME LIKE THAT
Still can't believe I woke at @ 5am to go to work. S\/o to me.
Seeing a real nigga today
\"There's wings... But also there's beer.\" \n\nis a role model.
Wow skills and so smooth. Flying through the course.
If twitter showed how many times you view a persons profile a day, id be fucked lmao
I forreal need an iPad mini for this commute.
I'm trying so hard to get to The Edge before It closes but so far I've just rolled around on the couch and fallen asleep
Niggas act like I don't know about shit. Pussys I fucking know
Out of work, waiting for my cousinnnn
It could just be the NyQuil
demi se cambia tanto el color de cabello que ya es como ah ok si jaja que bien que sorpresa
I'm fuckin around with two bitches
Today's SCOTUS decisions remind us that the worst tragedy in recent years was the reelection of George Bush in 2004. It's what gave us Alito
I probly forgot how to drive
Say what you want about the Kardashian klan, but Kendall Jenner is beautiful.
and also these solid music folks:
Well now that i finished orange is the new black what else is good on netflix
How it's made: hotdogs....meat batter...enough said
Rest in Peace, Horace Silver. Going to listen to \"Lonely Woman\" now.
\": I hate wearing makeup but I also hate not wearing makeup so it's just really complicated.\"rft lol
Man I ain't never staying that long after school again
i'm still team ghana
Ok that was funny
Thank god I'm leaving sf. This fog is on a whole other level
Welcome to America, dumbest industrialized country with the highest rate of incarceration in the world.
I wish the elote man came by my house.
You made me feel like I belonged to you and I liked it
You know it's some good weed when you get sleepy after the j is out
\"Did they have any extra toupees?\" Line of the night, JBL
Haven't seen my mom in over two weeks
Starting next week im finally going to get the free time i've wanted
Niggas over here missin both free throws and shit , missin alley oops and shit
good thing my parents never feed me EVER
All I want is people to watch games with smh
The lies y'all are committing lol
3 down 5 more to go
I always have chest pains it scares me
When you grow older and wiser all the people that use to matter to you then dont matter anymore and you dont give a danm.
Here's a USMNT Storyline: can still play spoiler.
If it didn't work out the first time , no matter how many years ago, it's not gonna work out a 2nd.
I don't even know how I'm feeling about today
\": it's not that eaaaaasy they were just born they need their mom not me\" Google how to do it where's the mom ?
So what were you really doing?
Anybody wanna drive me to my car?????????????????????????
\": I love scary movies\" yaaas scary movies are the bomb diggity
Americans refuse the stretcher!
At the dentist... This wisdom tooth needs to do !!
Im needa have a talk with my neighbor
Lost my keys .. But it's okay because the can driver smoked us up.....
Why does my room always smell like weed???? I don't even smoke
My son may be the runt out of all the kids his age, but he's most definitely one of the strongest.
THE PLANE'S BOUTTA BE BOARDING RLLY SOON BUT IM STILL IN LINE FOR FOOD
Can I be on vacation forever?
Messi is the Tyrion Lannister of Argentina.
When I'm at the gym please do not stand unnecessarily close to the machine I'm using OR stare at me while you're doings reps.
My phones literally gonna blow up one day it's always so hot
Ummmm just saw a PLL commercial and Ali is alive?????
Oh dear! You already tweeted that... AONDE QUE EU NAO ME ALEMBRO
Chris rock is funny , but if a white comedian did that in the grammys.. Blacks would go crazy
2011 Red Sox big \": How big of a lead did SF once have in the NL West?\"
Hehehe well no wonder.my name don be sun fuck shit beam lookie time
12 3 pointers from the spurs!!!
After a 50 hour work week I can't even begin to describe how happy I am that I have the next two days off
get your shit together and pull your head out of your ass
this car ride will be the death of me.
sometimes I wonder y I have a big grudge against you, then I remember. and I don't give a fuck, like you didn't .
she eye'n me like a nigga don't exist, gurl i know u want this dickkk
what was the tweet that was hacked??
Rugrats movie is on. Awww yeeeeah!
Aqui os dejo mi ultimo consejo de Objetivo Bienestar\/T1\/C2\/(22-06-14) programa de de en
Happy birthday! still cant believe you took my desk in 3rd grade
Id rather be in no company...rather than being in bad company
But I don't wanna clock back in :(
9 months of my fucking life wasted what a joke
Finally something to do in the damn town
I WANTED TO ASK FOR PIC BUT I WAS AFRAID THEY WOULD GET MAD AND PUT A CURSE ON ME
Just found a big ass spider...under my bed of all places. Good thing I didn't want to get a good nights sleep or anything...
YouTube kind of take over my life
This dude just called our prof. by her first name
Oh look. It's past 2:30, and I'm still awake. Are you guys surprised? Cause I'm not.
You don't cross my mind, you live in it.
|going Dallas Stars green for his tie today.
Fantastic match! Bad News Barrett retains his
Why we wearing puerto Rico uniforms
I keep getting weird looks and then I remember that people don't usually wear tiaras on the reg
Bout sick of this stomach rap bullshit you wanna lose some weight go work for it!
\"Put your obsessions into writing and the solutions will appear.\" Simine de Beauvoir in Violette the movie.
If you keep Christ at the center of every relationship then that relationship will become that much better
Tomorrow my mommas 45th bday and she be lookin like early 30s
Netflix need to step their game up frfr n play some old school good ol shows
someone smoke with me
I think I would make an exception if my grandma decided to give me her Lexus.. But even with that you can shift if you want
Ita. About to Go down! may the best win!
Vodka flows through my veins
Eh do I detect there? IMHO I didn't find the track all that exciting?...
I need some real people in my life, word to everything
Argentina still ass I could've scored against 20 minutes ago
Literally waiting for my food while drooling in my couch
LDRs ain't for me. Have had a taste of it. It's bad enough not having a whip in my own city forcing us to only see each other so often.
Somebody wanna be my tutor for C#.net programming language?
Never live your life for others....
Can't even text u to make me feel better
I rt and favorite almost everything so yeah
Nothing says \"Happy Birthday USA\" like having to work all day in a job you hate
Come to think of it idk where my autographed Dizzy wright EP went..... Uh oh
I sleep way to much but I love it
Someone just asked me if I had a scrunchie lol
Im gonna be honest I don't even fear dying, just hope I could pass my seed on &amp; have my family living well
When in doubt, eat her out.
The whole \"growing up\" thing doesn't hit you until friends and acquaintances start getting married and having kids.
Wade a bitch
LOLing at the commercial with the time machine
Just let melo go and rebuild this shit ..
Cat and Leo's ship name can be Cleo!!!
Not sure if I should keep my green hair or not
Need a bad chick to roll my trees ..
Ok but seriously Bennett on is James' twin
Another day of shooting draws to a close.
It's called, \"A Salute to All Nations But Mostly America.\"
My mommy is the cutest bringing me breakfast to work
Oh my duck
for once going to bed early.
The worst thing to not have is time
Ochoa is killing it for
Kitty litter as a commodity
It's safe to say I found a lens that's $1500 and I want it. bad.
--\nUsh y Todo Lo Que Uno Hace Por Esa Persona -.-\"
Jones you're an animal!!
when I look at the CEO venue I keep thinking of Defend the north
I hate being in public and hearing \" oh shit is that Quan little sister\"
Hate that I haven't been with Jim in 24 hours
I hate seeing you and just pretending like I don't care.
I really hav a soft spot for dogs now lol
Denis Kudla def. Marsel Ilhan \n7-6,6-4, 4-6, 7-5 in the 1st round of .
Lebron has made his own legacy which cannot be compared to Mj or Kobe, their legacies happened
Riverside is taken more serious than Sunday Mass during this time of year , see you niggas in hell
**stays up to watch a movie I've watched a million times
Building strength and balance lately but inspired by to step up my cardio game and build up the most important muscle!
Wow my mom's been gone for a week and she goes I don't kno I'm a come home when I feel like it , oh okay
Kids from down the shore are a different breed
Now that I have my permit I just want to drive everywhere
This lady did that ill 3pt turn in her wheelchair lmaoo
Drinking in the shower I'll fuck wit it
Where's my baby zadddddy Aubrey at tho
People in this world today. All I can say is
Well that was fast
Also is legit trending right now? MIIIKE!!
So I have to ask... Are they turning on heather since day one this season cuz she doesn't drink and party? Lol and Shannon does?
Madonna's vogue &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that retarded shit you gays be doing
I need to do anything but go home right now
You guys, I almost closed out the anniversary of 's death without tweeting about it. Feeling all the feels, per usual.
When a bitch tell me my nigga for everybody......... Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahah is you mad? Or naaaaaahhhhh
Im really high asf ready to go to bed \nBut ima stay up fa me baby
Some time I just wanna tell girl stop talking about your bf and him buying new cars must of US men don't stay with mom and pay bills
but he's adorable so it's okay
I swear you gone make a nigga fall in love
I still love you, Mason. Even tho ur a piece of shit thot
I need to follow white ppl,I want to see different conversation and thoughts
CMR 0-1 .
The passnger threw up all over the car, and threw up all over corner on Ludlow.
Pia me cuenta las cosas tiernas que le dice el novio, mira que no me siento para nada sola eh...
So bored. Someone come watch movies with meeee
I can show you how to fly the fuck out
No jozy :( we need you
Stay away from people who make you feel like you're hard to love
just finished my first full week of work...i need a drink, or five
Awww the big 3 look so defeated.. STOP yall are blessed beyond measure. you cant win em all
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take
I swear i got back problems my back stays hurting
DONT EVER PUT DRESS TAPE ON YOUR BOOBS MY NIPPLES ARE ON FIRE
Goal in less than a minute already ??
We be smoking in this bitch
how bout we make the chem exam a group effort tomorrow :)
BET it's garbage haven't watch an award show since that whack ass MJ tribute.
The usa was bound to score!!!!! &gt;=\/
I'm debating on looking presentable or bumming it on the plane tomorrow
I Really wish I had my swim suit right now. Ughh
trying to find a red dress is just as difficult as trying to wake up before noon
Well I'm annoyed
just woke up ._. xDD
I should not be driving
So tired of being fucking used.
lmfaoooo im not even a bossy manager i be like \"uhm excuse me, uhm (my manager) said if you can please sweep please\" lmfaooo
I just wanna turn up on twitter lol
Kate Uptons body represents a Perdue chicken nugget
Foods the only thing on my mind
Beastie Boys forever on my workout playlist
Why you playin, I know you heard my name
Sweet friday night. Not. Hopefully I get this job in syracuse so I can move back to Oswego.
im telling you the winner of vs is gonna go on to win the world cup
Trust me.. you'll know when I no longer give af
(6) Tomas Berdych def. Victor Hanescu 6-7, 6-1, 6-4, 6-3 in the 1st round of .
built not bought
What a little moonlight can dooo
Pretty Hurts is just a beautiful song. A stadium song. Bey can do no wrong.
Or end up losing em and then I'll be like Chuckie Finster in that one Rugrats episode.. Or wait.. Unless Angelica Pickles stole em from him?
No turn on red makes me wanna honk at the light
Omw home from Atlantic city. Beautiful trip once again.
Million dollar mind, Billion dollar grind
I really don't get what I do in my life concerns you.. I really don't.
Don't sub for defense here. Counter and try to get another
8: you and I need to hang :(
Stiles has a better chance of becoming alpha before follows me. loll
Being single going into Pride will be the best thing ever.
I just feel like bursting out
dyeing for a blunt
Will there be a zombie apocalypse ?
If you look closely at 12:01 AM you can observe white girls in their natural habitat posting Instagram collages for their friends birthdays
it doesn't even feel like summer
gave up so much to just get fucked over
somebody tell em bros im single for the night
If you're not on the Spanish channel you're doing it wrong
I bring smoothies and juices in mason jars to work. Yup.
Awesome job at testing last night!
Glad my boys are okay
When I'm done with school, I'm dipping to mex
I can't stand you, go crawl into a hole
JERMAINE JONES LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
oomf stay on twitter but can never text me tf back
Some of These girls look dumb as fuck wearing a bucket hat.
After not having phone reception for 5 hours it feels good to use it again LOL
got out on the side of the road to check if we had a flat tire and my dress flew up flashing my bare ass to all of the passing cars...... ok
I feel like when she moves...the time doesn't.
I always did what I was supposed to do lol I'm really like the perfect child but I need to live my life and be independent
That Brazil game was good today
Ronaldo ain't right. He completely shanks a breakaway.
My face and body resemble one of a horse.
Wars build economies. Now peace trains. With the voice of God on the heidiHone...
you know, these were white when I bought them.
Omg that truck is always passing by.. and doest even live around here. Im pretty sure it doesnt.
I put the clamps on real quick
And plan C is Brock Lesnar
Manu pop a Molly and sweat wooo
Happy 4th to the best console on the planet . Also happy 4th to xbox one dreamteam and
It's all just a waste now
Someone bring me a pizza pls and thanks
Yes!!!!!!! Go USA!!!!! Huge goal! Let's close this out
What did you tell me ppl are called that collect some girl stuff?
Taken for granted
Can't believe I'm actually on my way to the gym right now
Oh dear god
The more of the world I see, the more I realize NOTHING will ever compare to San Diego, California.
BEST BELIEVE THAT AINT ABOUT YA'LL LMFAO
What a way for Timmy and Manu to go out
Which girl wants to take me out to dinner for my birthday?
All these \"bae I wanna fuck\" on my Ig tl.
It's not truly summer until you lacerate your finger while eating crabs.
I wanna crowd surf with this bitch. Her name is
Haley should just suck on her own tampon already she's all obsessed with her period
Trying to eat a salad while wearing lipstick is the real struggle.
Gotta keep a wide variety at all times cuz you neva know when a nigga gon slip
Two weeks until our triennial family trip to HAWAII. Will have to work a bit while I'm there, so you should all feel really sorry for me :-)
\"Do you think I can outrun Chasen\"- Doug.
Doesn't hurt to be a little spontaneous at times
Job interviewers always ask why I quit a law internship...how bout cuz I got bills &amp; working for free wasn't paying for it?
First day of the third camp over...in n out really came in clutch.
Season 2 of \"Under The Dome\" is finally back on.
I think I might die if doesn't get to number 1 or if doesn't follow me
Nicole is the only person ik that would bring an edible to orientation
Is the parade worth it? Do I want to wake up early af and sweat and get sore for days and get a sunburn? Blood, sweat and tears?!!?!?!
\":I laugh a lil bit so the moment not awkward\" U REAL
and did not sleep at all
I have an 8pm for 2 tonight I unfortunately can no longer use\/cancel and so is available
Damn good save
Hearing Eddie Guerrero's theme song gave me chills
The way I ride, and her boyfriend lied
relatable teen quotes dot gov
My GF said, while listening to From Beta to \"not the words, but the music reminds me of the movie
Too many people here at the gym
\": lol because it be \"ain't shit\" niggas doing it....so they gone only attract \"ain't shit\" females\" FACTS
*laying in bed on tinder* * pops up* \"HI RACHEL\" *swips right and casually continues on*
.hated being beat on NSA stories last year. So \"being the pushy broad that I am\" she called The Guardian to team up.
I still watch watch teen wolf....fuck you guys lol
Who do you think is going to win tonight? Team Portugal or Team USA ?
To go for a run or not to go for a run
Dear,Is a Thot?
She popped that pussy on a Monday..
A big fuck you to the guy at the guy who thought it was funny to step on the scale when I was weighing myself
RAE AND JO TAKE LA 2K15 LETS MAKE IT HAPPEN
Go fuck yourself that's all I gotta say
Such a bad song but... We dem boyz..
I'm about to sleep on the couch tonight
The beach is freezing right now
Still have no idea where I wanna go for college
I woke up this morning &amp; I forgot I cut my hair, so I started freaking out.
Gooool de EE.UU
shout out to McNeal for giving me the wrong book to do my work!
The text itself is yet another prop, an artificiality over which to exert dominion. +
im at bar myself again w dog food
Damn. Dempsey scored 32 seconds into the game. go USA !!
Dude. I just wanna walk around bed stuy.
Who else thinks has more testicular fortitude then all Libs combined.
Is it bad that shawn isn't our little secret anymore?
Hopefully bc I never finished last season lol
Some of the first things to tip me was verbiage use in tweets everyone has there style and lingo
He unfollowed me then tried following me AGAIN. Dude you need to chill
Well i think miamis breaking up for sure now ;(
Those years of joy. It's amazing aweee. They make me wanna cry. Yasssss.
Home at 8:30. \nSustainable pace rating: low.
Wait for Ronaldo tomorrow folks
