nem vi mais GOT7..
\"That's Virginia. You know 2 up 2 down\".
\": likey! Perfect temp! SF always on my bucket list\" i am a great tourguide and work for beer.
He still remembers what I said in the vid
Sometimes the most important life lessons are the ones we end up learning the hard way.
But why can't everyone be as nice as the people who work at Chick Fil A ???
Ok too many people asking when I'm having kids\/getting married
Grown up problems suck. I gotta worry about furniture too! Hahha
Greinke looks like he belongs on the beach with a surfboard, not on the pitching mound.
Add me dainty deserts
But it's so nice to see Keira Knightley having some fun. And lo and behold, she and Hailee Steinfeld make weirdly great scene partners.
I know how much pain you're in. And I know how much I keep causing it...
sittin in the studio tryna get to you baby
That shot had better curves than half the girls at PUC
vou assistir pll que ganhe mais
If you have constant drama with everyone, we can't be friends.
Someone bring me to the gorge this week.
Haven't been up this early in months
Saw an awesome tank today at the store!
My mom just referred to and I as a \"2 man cult\" ............
8 more days .......
Wackk how we can't see the fireworks this year
\"I wish there was a way to know you were in the good old days...before you've left them.\"
Corner deli is a must whenever I sleep at house
Can't sleep. Kitty boo boo is biting my ear and trying to gauge out my eyeballs.
Jermaine jone que Goooolaso
Watching Walker Texas Ranger this morning, that's pretty American on this holiday, I would say
So is going to be in New York while I'm here but I can't go see him and I didn't get to go in L.A. either :(
Haha retreading the tweets I posted an hour ago.. LOL I was hella mad
I didnt think i missed home as much as i do now that im here.
I didn't know having big dreams was a bad thing
This girl is not my kind of person. Yelling and making a girl cry on Bart because her phone fell and landed on you is just so cruel
Baba 4 yasinda oglunun ustune kapanmis kursunlar ona geliyo cocuk altta agliyo , teravih hakkatten kac rekatti kilsakmi kilmasakmi acabadayz
Dad I'm not gonna get arrested for having a scented tree on my rear view mirror smh
why is Kim Kardashian blonde she looks disgusting
This bitch infront of me is giving such a hard time in the drive thru.
I know wanted to fuck with me since we was young
teen wolf is honestly the dumbest show ever.
I can't open one of Tyler or Alanna's snapchats around my parents cause it always got something to do with pussy smh
Bored as shit who wants to do something
I have THE BEST best friend
Chicks LOVE to max out the steering wheel.
Something's gotta change but I literally suck at change
Wow babe would ignore me for soccer
we are watching hsm2 and skipping to all the songs only lol
Pulling a all nighter for no reason at all except because I have 0 things to do tomorrow for the 1st time in weeks
Thank you Clint Dempsey!!!!!! I lovr youuuu.
When and I happen to run into at Happy Donuts at 1 am &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Just got outta surgery what a nerve wreck! So happy it turned out good!
If this rain holds up, I wanna go see the fireworks at the Brooklyn Bridge
track record?jelas sy sdh baca lah dr masing2..i'm libra n i'm always doing research before making decission
somebody take me to the beachhh
I never let fame change me ..I done lived overseas got euros for playing ball. . I did all the streets have to offer nothing to prove
imma go as far as you let mee
Sana po, Lord. I guide nak
Jk Fuck Ya'll lol
July is my birthdaayyyy month &amp; my pops month. TU
Baby I ain't doing this shit for nothin'
Africa no gano el mundial todo el mundo
And I'm not even sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
I wonder how it feels to be the most hated person in Greece....
I just Friendzoned Abraham
Dempseyyyyyyy let's gooooo
A little fucked up but I mean still...
Just thought I'd let you Guys know
\"we are fearless, independent and original.\"
You can have our weapons if you promise to use them only on bad guys
Slightly hungover. Brunch sounds like life rn
Hoy se beeebeeee !!!
Is it bad that I picture Christian Grey as Ed Westwick
Omgggggg right now!!! Happy pride people!
Ugh, cannot stand a judgemental, holier than thou attitude. Really, that just irked me to no end.
For example I can name some religious people off the top of my head that have told me that I'm wrong and that they will \"pray for me\"
I wanna go to Hawaii
Lemme just enjoy my last few days in New York
My best friend is living the life of luxury on a tropical island and I'm stuck here forced to go on a search for candles.
You don't boo your own player. You just don't.
Graduation No. 2 today. , howdy.
Damn man life is crazy rip fam
Snapchats from Dana and Megan singing and dancing along to latch in the car will never get old haha
Have you heard the orchestral symphonic suite by skrillex on the bangarang album. It's magic.
The penguin emoji looks much better than Google+'s, if I can think.
I would hate to live in a big town
You ever just want so desperately for someone to give just a single fuck about you and your feelings?
I also wanna go to Vegas by the age of 23 who wanna go
I can't believe got to say Hank like 12 times. And then asked him if he was a cult leader. SO GOOD.
I miss Alex already
This rain calls for some TjMaxx shopping this afternoon
forever crying over the fact that i missed the flaming lips twice
I love summer but I HATE BEES
WHAT THE FUCK , that kick in the face ?!
My puppy is snoring my ear. I knew she'd be a cuddlebug but never knew she'd be this much of one. Little brat... :3
Reflecting on how the bf\/bd taught me how to assemble the car seat and stroller today...
It's over. win 2014 championship. Congrats Spurs!!!
Wow, held tough to get to the end of extra time! PKs will decide if or will face in the Quarters!
Imagine if our game goes to pens like this?
Also witnessed a cop smoking a cigar while driving... WHAT IS LONG ISLAND
I've never ate so much in such little time
I will never fight over a bitch that's petty
Getting high by the pooooool beats anything else
So. I've been offline for about a half hour. How many draft rumors did I miss?
I haven't been up three minutes and I'm ready to punch someone
Try and understand the people around you. You may not be going through the struggle but someone else might be.
My parents can't even tell me what to do what's makes a guy think they can
It ain't in my lungs if it ain't that pressure!
it sucks when your parents want you to act like an adult and you just want to be young
Maybe it's just the jet ski, but that movie reminds me of a female in a movie lead.
Haven't seen that many Olu people this summer
The Beach was fun this weak but im so ready to go home
If you're not watching Greece v Costa Rica you should turn to because were about to see our 2nd game of the day go into penalty kicks
Looking at all of my drawing books. I use to draw so good.
\"I'm like what you on? Told me 2 on. Ha, we a few on\"
Someone text me ? Cuz apparently she got home and she's to busy to even send me a text to make sure she was safe ? v.v tbh imiss her thoe :(
My knees are weak as fuck rn
Sat here with a 163 page manuscript in front of me not knowing whether to cry or cheer
Don't ever look back. You're not going that way.
Gonna need a nice glass o water.
Gonna get raped by chem tm :)))
Bout he doh do this. He doh do da. He doh show up. HULLLL ALYUH MUDDA CUNT.
Parker is not playing!
My ex yesterday called me a crazy bitch who can't get over him yah totally I can't get over u oh wait as soon as u said that I did
That looked almost as bad as when Lebron cramped up.
Greg Popp won't even crack a smile lmaoo
When you make awkward eye contact with the people in the car next to you...
.I've went through your screening process many times. I've determined it's extremely flawed, ineffective and violates human privacy.
Everybody wants 2 b a cat
\"we accept the love we think we deserve\" - perks of being a wallflower
I got a paper cut when I was opening an envelope from UND
Advinen: es algo largo aveces corto depende de la persona te introduce la primera vez duele hasta que te acostumbras pero igual duele que es
dont even need a picture with demi tm being in her presence is enough
So i picked up some extra hours working 6-11:30
I be knowing too much. But I learned not to react mad quick and just wait till the time is right.
Just found a love letter I wrote to Mr.Battle junior year that I was supposed to give him at graduation hahaahhaha oh my
Bae where you @
The one they love to hate
So the inevitable Beas\/TP scoring was has begun.
fans! Be sure to listen in to on Wed. @ 9:10am. I'll be talking NHL draft w\/ &amp;
I find it hilarious when I'm watching a show about stalkers and they have the same name as people I know
So proud of my idiots I love u with all my heart congrats
did anyone see Bowling For Soup at Warped Tour
Being tortured to watch this game
Me mosca and steph have been talking on my deck for 2 hours
The East is weak no credit even getting to Finals! There is very low chance they make to the finals in the West
your so arrogant, please shut the fuck up
I feel like my avi might intimidate people. It's my natural face and I am always pissed.
watching the best do what they do... The guys in blue...
Way to ruin it bro, good job
\"last night i literally dreamt about chipotle\" -
Call me what you want but you can't call me handsome
my bro's band, THE NAKID MIRRORS, is rocking tonight @ Rude Dog in Covina tonight @ 9. Get down der &amp; have a shot 4 me
Trust is so much more real in long distance relationships...
what a statement
Gotta lot of stuff on my mind
i got my strap on me just in case you wanna trip
Since I work at 4 is it acceptable to start drinking a 6 pack with my bacon egg and cheese?
Finally Bedoya comes off.
Overhearing so many females saying \"like\" - don't do it -
let's sort ourselves out now, shall we?
One of the best memories from last night was singing Billy Joel's She's Always a Woman with right next door to him.
Ok Messi u tried
I dont tell he attractive because he gets that all day from multiple girls. Lol
I'ma Eagles fan till the death of me but I'm still a fan of DeSean Jackson .. Idc
Any song from footloose will always hit a soft spot on my heart.
I don't wanna hurt nobody just wanna party
I honestly cannot have better coaches especially when I get frustrated
Gyan very nearly equalized if he got to that cross
Flight from Vegas delayed, now I have 7hr to do everything in time from EDC for Paradiso....... The struggle is real
Awe my cheer sister is being so cute right now
Holy crap Manu
Niggas sneak dissin, dey bitches, I be wit Ben now
I think should make a move. Fav this if you think he should.
Who would like to beach it tomorrow
Whatever ignore me like always ...
Last night found my location on find my friends and then looked up the address on white pages and asked me how it was.
you with it Derrick or nah?
Everybody got all the answers until it's time to take the test themselves
There was such a build up for 4th of July and now it's just a big let down
Its not over. Stay focused
My phone has been blowing up all day. This never happens. Something is wrong haha
If I need to tell these bitches one more time what my lipstick is
Uno mira los favoritos de esa persona y queda como \"Ah, que chimba :)\" por eso es mejor no mirar esas mierdas.
Can't leave my room bc responsibilities
What's Penny Dreadful about and is it any good?
I wanna meet hella new people over the summer
I didn't you wear underwear in nudes... I always thought nudes were nudes. Learn something new everyday.
Can I be in Tahoe pls
Celebrate now Costa Rica, but wait till RVP sticks 3 past you on Saturday
i have no idea what i'm wearing to this graduation
Your ass smells
KOBE &gt; LEBRON
There Goes Dempsey's Nose
Being over 21 and acting like you're 12 is not a cute look!!!!!
Hannah just said \"OMG Ashley you're getting me Instagram famous\"
I wouldn't even mind pitching in gas wtf meet me halfway or something its bullshit
RONALDO. SUCH AMAZINGS
Sooooo long bitch you did sooooo wrong i dont wanna go on livin in this worrrrrrrrrrld without youuu
Anybody know what Sen. Vitter is doing this summer?
Sometimes I feel ...... Like I'm that fucking niggaaaaa!!!!!
Just saw a guy standing on the sidewalk w\/ a bunch of anti-Obama signs, like \"Impeach Obama\" and a poster of a chimp. The crazies are out...
USA 40 seconds in!!!!!!
I love tomorrow because I live 4 today! In life; U do it once, you do it right, then you walk away!
Guys are just as fake as girls
Monkey in the middle is the worst game ever it's mean and annoying
I don't want good &amp; I don't want good enough
Padres win! Great game by Seth Smith
these random boys just came up to me and asked for my number ..
\": Aikae, it still tastes nasty\" gayee
The spurs are the only team that shows what real basketball is
Sorry for blowing up everyone's insta with pictures.. I'm done now
I really thought Tank would lose air from her head when she went to college.
Still can't get over how disgusting that shot was. That had all types of bend on it
being me i love gambit and channing so it's perfect k bye
Lol tht goal was quick!
Dick all in ya bitches mouth and Shawty say she like the taste
buenas noche ahora me voy pa facebook a chat un poco. jeje
I love you so much and I just want a follow. I've been waiting for so long please
I've been wearing the same outfit for three days
Did a lot of shit just a different lifestyle
When he tryna get tha money for the rent.
so that is 4 that opt out
Text me Kik me : Emi415 I'm trying to have a conversion haha
Be conscious in whatever you do. It becomes a meditation. Next time when you eat something just watch it ,cn
Why do people call to get something delivered and not know their fuckin address omfg
Lol I still can't get over Kira's \"dancing\"!!!
The letter I wrote Paul made him cry therefore I succeeded
rainy days make me so tired
Girl i cant lie you just my type
Can't wait to see my Turk and lishyyyyy
o the irony of the 4th of july this friday fireworks 2 burn down america and start it again from the ashes
I can't clean my belly button ring because I literally can't see it over my boobs this is the funniest thing that's ever happened to me
But you can lay w me so it doesn't hurt
And yea your acting like a Mitch! Hahahah
I think she hates me deep down I know she does she wants to erase me !
Just had a great Bloody Mary to kick off the 4th made with mixer. Bloody Mary mix is a weird thing to recommend but...I recommend.
Takes one fuck up for me to get pissed of at you permanently
Lmao this dude post a pic of his dick on Instagram &amp; he thought he DM it &amp; It was on his news feeds
Gonna go home, shower, &amp; knock the fuckkkkk out
My boy has a way with words
I wouldnt mind some of Sosh's Mum's sweet and sour right now
My mom said she's sick of my drunk driving
every month tho
If its meant to be, it will be.
What hurts the most, was being so close, and having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
My fav place in woodland or the continent
WUT IS THAT REAL
Horrible ending to an awesome weekend ..
sucks when someone says theyre gonna do something but never follows thru
Juat had breakfast, it wasn't great. Thank you America.
I hate how people say Michael Bradley is good though...
The fall of has been a painful thing to watch.
Slept through dinner, sorry dad.
Oh, Hamburger Helper. I've missed you so much.
Messi has NOTHING on jermaine jones!
In the car thinking... Stacy's mom's got it goin on.
Best part is Popovich on the sideline with the same expression he always has on
Go team USA!!
First day at the internship tomorrow-- working for the state of NJ, one step closer to becoming president.
Good looks on the text back.
.just discovered your BBC In America series. Loving it!
Alexa moved seats so she wouldn't share her McChicken with me
Wait.... I MIGHT BE STUDYING ABROAD NEXT YEAR GLORY HALLELUJAH
I want that cedes coupe so badlyy
I feel the need to go to a really loud rock show. Hehe...
You don't even make me happy anymore. There's no point in keeping you around.
Por eso es que estoy loca por salir de esa escuela pa' no pisar ahi mas nunca la crema! -.-
U needa go to bed I abut the one taking a regents tmm
Johnston: when analyzing, don't rely on averages. There are other subdemos in which inequality is worse\/looks different.
Marissys sending me the dirtiest snap chats and I'm kind of concerned
I don't know how to play cool
quOTE THIS WITH HAYES PICS BC FEELS ARE STRONG
My crush is someone in the future
I feel so old . I still remember when a hashtag was called a pound sign.
What's wrong w America ISN'T the decision today, it's people freaking out over it who are completely misinformed. EDUCATE YOURSELF.
Why wasn't \"The Day It All Changed\" on the album?!
And the diving begins!
WOOOOOOO!!! COSTA RIICAAAAA!!!
I use Dique a lot lol
no matter what the context is it's still rude...
The worst feeling is the pain that comes from knowing you're not going to see someone again.
dancing in the mirror , singing in the shower
where's your knee at bro?
Ahora si me re urge un celular.
Sext: girl u be like apple's emoji categories bc u r very disorganized
2:49 am and I'm up... that's what I get for going to sleep at 6:30 pm last night
soy humana y me puedo equivocar..
Growing every day as a person and realizing how amazing life is, is an amazing feeling.
Is mos def still in Africa
Let's be real though my eyebrow game was so great back in 6th grade
Me: wtf is a teacher certificate??\nJohana: oh it's a certificate for teaching
AYOO PARTY AT STEPHS DRUNK BITCHES FOR EVERYONE!
Si Liro sa Dyesebel, parang mackerel na napadpad na pampang ng Pilipinas. Tapos pinipilit maging galunggong.
When you go bald the hat is just as essential as the fit!
Am I wrong for thinking that the World Cup is so. Incredibly. Boring?!
\"What we wear affects how we feel and behave. Wearing bright colors makes you more generous and optimistic\"no wonder I'm always moody
This sucks cause I know that I'm not alone because of my amazing friends, but I feel completely alone.
Can't have a good song without a good beat.
I'm sitting next to Ugly Betty's dad
I am going to a German pub tomorrow for class to observe German's watching the soccer match. Why is my professor so cool? Too bad I'm not 21
The summer is quiet they said. Not many calls they said. Bring back the students! I'd rather deal w\/duty during the academic yr.
So like am I going to get a diploma soon or is this just a really big joke and I actually didn't graduate?
They say that lightening don't strike twice, I'm starting to doubt it
I have officially had 35 beers at a single bar for the summer, so I drink for free till September 1st. I have a problem.
packing sucks, unpacking sucks, being away from your friends sucks, everything sucks.
Tracy u mexican I swear if you don't take that picture down I will dead come up the block to your crib &amp; punch you in ur throat
That goal took too long
my eyes hurt from crying so much today
Something's been in my eye for 20 minutes and it's starting to scare me
Chicharito is a Raiders fan. Light weight respect.
Lol I say this all the time \": You are not talking about me if you don't say my name . IDC IDC IDC\"
Smokin dope, pour up a 4 &amp; I dont pop no pillllls
LOL I TOLD MY MOM \"DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO\" WHILE SNAPPING MY FINGERS IN Z FORMATION AND SHE CALLED ME A QUEER HAHAHAHAHA
happy fathers day to the coolest dad
Can we get a definitive answer on whether or not to place hand over heart during the national anthem? No one ever seems to know what to do.
Ronaldo is trash hahahahaha
Man but for real...Usher still that nigga. Pause
let's go on a picnic and then to the art museum
What if... Just what if, I didn't hate you
the world we live in on a day to day basis has made the onion completely superfluous lmao
So weird to be in NY... But just for a min
Ugh, its too hot to be wearing wigs.
Time and communication. Two key things in any situation.
I bought another Green Star juicer; I love a carrot juice with a whole lemon &amp; half a head of garlic. Makes me smile :-)
Idk about you, but I'm having a great summer
Was that guy dressed as teddy Roosevelt?
If i hear one country song today im blowing my brains out
Monday JUST started and it's already blessed. Answers usually come in the form of silence. Be still. God always answers. Good Morning! xo
Don't want to go home just yet
World war z is very intense. I actually stopped online shopping to pay attention
USA goalie is nice
you would make my day please
The bus finally comes &amp; it's pack .
Yall girls and yall invisible baes... did you forget that some of the people you follow, know the real you ? Man yall gotta do better lmao
So, maybe I'm not as funny as I thought I was....
Babes back with the cookies. Nice bAbe.
I had 3 goblets of long island ice tea I don't know how else to describe this monstrous drink and I need to pee
I need to get my eyebrows done
THE CAPTAIN GIVES US THE LEAD
What the hell is it opposite day, for once everyone else is watching a robot show for the first time that i've already seen
If the rumor of a chipotle near Niagara is true.. Life is complete
I wanna die
A lot less drama here compared to vs penalties.
All my niggas know I'm the nigga that knows wassup already aha
the fact that tomorrow is the last monday of the school year makes thinking about getting up at 6am slightly less painful
About to eat some wind pie nothing chops and breeze juice
When each parent tells you two completely different things and they get mad for picking the wrong one to listen to and call you a liar
Yo soy mas valiente respecto a las cosas de mi novia, porque solo me tiene a mi y si yo no soy, quien la protege?
It's 4am, court just peed in the middle of the street then claimed to see a bird, all while steph complains of wet sox... We're 100% sober.
Extreme armchair QBIng: if don't steal 2nd, which was pretty risky, then Cain definitely gets a hit and the game continues.
Well the didn't take long.\n
Counting words back to when you said good bye
Here we go with L&amp;HH depressing me without warning
\"Undress me cause... that's sexy\"
chasing pills with liquor... how classy of me
I feel like falling asleep, but, everyone gonna look at me like I'm crazy
Really just fucked up for that.
Finally put this ac in my room no more hot room
Who wears a scarf in summer lmao.
Rain's a comin' so I think I'll go to
USA is proving me wrong! Let's go keep it up!
Greeks are so butt hurt .. They are upset they lost the game too
Loving the shorts and maxi dress I bought today ! I'm never this excited about sweaters and coats in the winter time.
Joder no tengo nada que tuitear.
My Brother-in-law is in Vegas right now. Thinks it's cool to send me pictures of Wolfgang Puck's restaurant right now.\n\nI'm not okay with it
That goodbye was much harder than I had expected.
My pride will be the death of me
Honestly there was no need for that but aye that's just my opinion
cuando mas se necesita es cuando mas se demora
Besides the fact that a sophomore duke commit just kicked my ass up and down the field I had a great time
Johnston: \"Inequality and poverty are not the same thing.\"
I'm grounded but like that's not gunna happen bc I don't give a fuck.
I s2g you need to answer me
I don't care anymore. It's all fun &amp; games.
We use social media to keep up on the latest in &amp; . Celebrating because data is complex!
Before you try to speak some \"prophetic\" word against me, just know I fear no . You don't have any power over me.
I can't remember the last time I been to church it's been like 2 months tho smh
But you know that there's nowhere that I'd rather be than with you here today
Happy birthday to a true legend, Kris Kristofferson. Hope he's enjoying a great \"Sunday Morning Coming Down,\" maybe w\/o the coming down part
During 2012 Open heart surgery, had a dream whisper- its not your time yet. But U must not hide+share your + dont judge your poems
I just watched the Spider Man movie for the first time in my life
has no time to develop young promising players like Flores when he is busy being fascinated by an overcrowded outfield!
why would u tell someone to comment sue of side ? so fucked up
Crazy how differently our generations were raised....I actually hate out generation.
Went to a bar called PJ's.
I honestly stan for the same that I do for tbh
I don't read A Song of Ice and Fire because its good, I read it so that I can tell people that it is better than the show.
Why are these kids running around and making so much noise
Be careful who you trust , the devil was once an angel.
Anyone wanna explain to me what's going on? My tv took a shit.
Chilling on a fatass bean bag with my daughter waiting for my boo to be off work
Pues yo quiero acabar como Yurena me hace ilusion xD
Am I the only one who thinks Ronaldo is not good looking ...
He's finally coming out the closet. Lmao
its getting too much.... showing us lollipop(RAGNA) and giving us (Kamlakahumla)
For my 17th birthday I wished that I would become magically hot and that boyz would want me. I'm not any hotter but wtf is happening???
Tbh I kinda don't wanna even go out today , it looks too gloomy outside
Fak nana akng dad fak fak
I liked the Johnny a lot, but \"micromanaging\" players needs to happen when Manziel is reflecting this bad of an image of Browns franchise
Idk base ball why am I at a Yankee game
Sour gummy worms are my life
Golasoooooo! USA first 30 seconds!!!
Do you listen? Or do you wait to talk?
Mens hairstyle : Federer usual sporty and Milos' prom day hair style
last day in new york
\": i'll blow ya house up\"lmfao swallow a bomb
The people are now enslaved to work over 5 months out of the year for the GOV (taxes)... That in includes all you Union boys.
Passed a motorcyclist down, but alert, in a car-involved accident in the Market and Van Ness :-(. Drive safe, people.
Por Que Putas Me Tiene Que Pasar A Mi :(
We can't afford another injury wth
Listening to set at EDCLV while I'm cleaning, is seriously making me anxious for Sunday.
Cannot wait to ball with the boys tonight
Ignoring is not talking at all I was just appreciating ur face relaxing and watching Hilary swank
I miss it's been a min since I've seen that nugget
: Loyalty is everything.\" For some ppl others don't know the meaning of loyalty
WHY IS EVERYONE COMING AT ME I SAID ONE THING TO BREANA HOP OFF
I'm a really good cook.
Costa Rica has no army, but those guys out there today were true warriors. Now, let me update the Wikipedia page
Im so ready to write two exams, one Friday and next Tuesday
I literally stand in the kitchen and do nothing
dont know how yall parents let you go to your gfs\/bfs house.
Legit so annoyed that people are really tanning today... Don't you have better things to do?
My bday is pretty much over. Thanks for all the wishes
So aggravated that the is planning on having Cena win at to become new champion.
I let her ride while I drive her crazy
No school in the morning for a while. That feels good
Why does he love me lately?
Sometimes people dislike me for questioning 'authority' but the last thing I want is a life of conformity to things I don't believe.
I want to see a CONCACAF semi-final. vs . It's only right.
I refuse to accept Looking for Alaska as a movie??????
Bikram yoga is most likely the best workout ever
I just can't get into Stromae.\nWhoops.
about to get ready have a whole three days of partying gonna have a real good sleep tonight!!!! from Friday-sunday .....it's LITT!!
Anni, you are the most wonderful women I met.
So tired but I still need to watch last night's true blood
This is all gonna fall on Lebron even tho he's the only one even trying
Take to the statue and pray that God does a miraculous healing. C'mon he deserves to be healed and playing. Ugh
I rap for prisoners, bluntheads, \nfly ladies and prisoners.
My underwear game is not where it needs to be right now. Polo or gtfo
Went to a concert yesterday got home at midnight didn't study and got an A+ on my history exam... how idek
.&amp; how do you define tech v nontech in your diversity data? Trying to compare apples to apples
I can't wait for this summer to be over. I just want to jump off a bridge.
Just needa survive this 8hr preclosing shift
LOL where is this even coming from? I swear my mom don't ever stop, I don't ever hear the end of it
I want to see tbs again
WHY WONT CALL ME?!? IM SORRY THAT IM UNATTRACTIVE BUT PLEASE CAM
i hate when people texting me and when I dont reply right away they send me 20 more messages -.-
My mom named me Rachel so I wouldn't have any nicknames or mocknames...
Fuck that, you gon get some dick today
6: tbn , yah kitchen bitch lmaoo
Come on Iceman
I freaking love organic fruit mannnnnn
Happy 4th of July and all that shit. Be safe. I'm going to work.
Only thing keeping me from skipping work and going back to sleep is this large iced coffee
Why am I Listening to the Slip Knot mix of Justin Biebers \"baby lmao
My two biggest fears for USA. 1) Germany doesn't have 2 stinkers in a row in the World Cup 2) Ghana kills Portugal (longshot of advancing)
I cant handle fringe dude. Shits whack
fuck the new soundcloud seriously fuck it
how on earth am I going to be a lawyer when I'm an100% INFP
Why do all applications have to be done online? My guess is being eco friendly &amp; go green whatever. What happened to in person and meeting?
Since I cant go gonna wait for photos of VidCon so excited
Stop showing up on my timeline, like I don't follow you for a reason
Successful first night of summer so far
This is to emotional ugh everyone's crying
Still at work. Someone save me
.Perfect timing with Go and . Please do not leave your box !!!
Were you been at on tour gettin money
So and I just sang a duet over twitter. That's right world, be jealous.
For the FIRST TIME IN OVER A YEAR I AM GENUINELY HAPPY WITH MY LIFE
Put on some cute ass leggings just in case I see tonight.
Seriously?! I came to cali to visit my family and enjoy my 2wk vacation&amp; there are explosives going on outside on the streets?! :(
Makes my head hurt to sort tweets from when I am #
The USA likes to grab a lot.
Holy shit. Holy shit.
id probably trip over the ball faking someone out
Thanks so much for dinner see you all again soon! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Corey's attempt at putting sunscreen on my back was poorly executed to say the least and I am feeling it right now
Khole look wild sexy with that grill though
I got AC on and two blankets and four pillows right now!!!
\": People really need to understand that just bcus one person does something doesn't mean their whole class is the same :))\"
How do I manage to lose a dead bug
LOL 30 second goal
I think what messi lacks is a fire haircut
Just watched Gregg Araki's WHITE BIRD IN A BLIZZARD. So Araki. So into it.
Caltrain back to good night last night ;)
I hate when ppl watch me get ready like DONT
Well I mean from the beginning she was open minded about it. But I know there was still a part of her that thought differently
I just started watching .
Omg the worst part of work is getting tired at 10:30
If I didn't know better... But damn it, I do.
The only person I've texted today is Kevin Sangalang. Where has my life gone
On a \"Ya booty don't need explainin'\" spree
Rockin with on my way back to jersey !
I sometimes hate living by the beach
Why cant I get blocked ?
\": Where's drake\" crying in a bathroom
As a kid regular 2hr movies felt like forever.... that's all imma say
Herd them niggas cant ea t in your bodega Hugh, down and out now the trap lord is ur Savior Hugh
Whenever me and Dakota are alone we have such deep conversations it's so cute
Just had a great talk with my dad about childhood and high school sports memories. Unforgettable events that I'll always cherish
Broken nose, not a broken heart
2 degrees. Hi, I have a fever.
I have a crush on
Quite honestly if I was on that field I'd go into fetal position and rock back &amp; forth, these men are beasts I'm gonna go drink some milk
Best record in MLB!
Can someone scoop me from the rec
I don't think anyone knows how pumped I am to see 's 3-5-2 tomorrow. Bring it on (we) are waiting!!
I just don't get guys complaining about being single, all you have to do is feed us and tell us we're pretty, it's really pretty simple...
ohhhhhh we have school tomorrow LOL let me sleep
Milwaukee is home to many a brewery, so this Kidd to the Bucks move makes sense.
Eu nunca tive feice acho que de trauma da stalqueada fatal. Ainda bem pq eu sou twitter com muito orgulhoooo com muito amoooor
I will never understand people who take photos with iPads
Idk if my pullout game would he strong enough for Jhene
What you said is gonna come back and haunt you. Believe dat
Paige are you ok
Shaking my fucking head lmaoo
I'm not kidding if your Jewish give me the d rn
I think those texts say delivered...and unread.
He did his best
I walked 30 blocks to get some cookies
\"THEY WERE DOING LINES OF METH\"
Turned off notifications on snapchat and at the end of the day I have like 30 stories to watch.
Im too good at dominoes it's in my blood
Lebron is crying inside.
I like the hood pornos with the regular hood bitches lol cuz i be swearin them hoes look familiar
Juno Alexa =\/= Juneau Alaska, it's not hard ppl
Cannot wait for phillip phillips concert
That dude is like banging her and kicking her ass at the same time hahahaha
Summer camp win: no one to interrupt my World Cup watching
Lol @ my boyfriend not talking 2 me
Whole squad on that fake shit
Met some cool people and had duck bacon. It was a good weekend.
I would go to In-N-Out on a daily basis if I didn't have to walk 20 minutes to get there
I suck at singing, but I love to sing super loud in my car! Hah alone though...
Waaahhh. Majorly tragic. Goodbye Hollywood. Goodbye Meschach Taylor. tears
I need to get out of my house
Joey Chestnut is already a winner before eating a single hot dog.
Hi why is no one awake
tbh i feel like i dont have any close friends anymore
Ladies RT if you under 5'4
Praying for my pops I just want to see him and my mom happy.
Today Is Gonna Be Fun,
But on another note I'm trying to get my sleep schedule back on track so I'm going to bed, night fools.
Cmon Blanco just get a hit!! I would be happy just to see that.
You's my ride or die chick you with this shit or na
U used to be a prostitute, u used to working that mouth! Quit complaining.. smh
At least Alton's is repping hard here tonight.
I reply way too fast but dgaf like if I want to talk to someone why would I take a long time to reply?!
I really hope work goes by fast today
Lady on the train, making a wire transfer for $1.5M over the phone, loudly telling the agent her username\/SSN\/accountnumber ?
Finally some practice time! Now for recovery time...
Finally home &amp; my weekend starts now.
I'm either the most gentle person or the worlds biggest asshole. Your choice not mine
Accidentally sending the wrong snapchats to ppl is my life
I think I just started a war.
Dirty mouth clean it up with orbit
I will never ever have a desk job again, fucking kill me.
What the hell is that a peacock!?!? No Matt... That would be a turkey...
If this blueberry coffee doesn't make me fe better, then I'll be at a loss.
Amazing how a yawn is contagious
El novio de tonu, ahre na mentira jajajajajajjaajjajajaja no te enojes por el twt c: c:
Man and I'm missing this tribute to Mr Padre.
Don't lose the moon while counting the stars.
The crazy thing is that it was his own nephew that shot him on his way to his own mother funeral. Thats deep. Smh.
Im so excited to see my friends tonightt
Nah, everybody really wearing white at the
How can we let people pretend that denying women health care is the same as defending religious freedom?
Pero Bosh se lo sigue creyendo que mete de tres.
in the midst of it all, i was somehow capable of finding a perfect red dress for recruitment. thank you forever 21 for having everything
The Host was a good movie 8\/10 would recommend
I hate domicans and hatians in case they are cross
Dexter is a very ominous show
it's gonna be one of those nights
Idk how I feel bout that? Lmfao
That goal was sick! Go U.S. !!
You can't force what isn't right. it's hard but it's better to let go then to try to hold on to something that's already gone
Why do I even try talking to people.
Next time I won't fukk wit a \"user\"
I wanna wear flowers in my hair
If I ever drink it will not be beer that is gross and basic. XD
Landscaping during the day. Working through the night.
Feel like I'm outgrowing people I care about.. Should I feel bad?
Spent all day networking that I didn't even get to see Manhattan. Finna go explore.
You know I'm mad at you if you don't hear from me for a few hours.
Maggle Cole inherited Teddy Long's wardrobe. Vince probably bought him all those suits because its how he thinks a black man dresses.
Horrible migraine this morning.
Already are you serious??
Wow Heat really tried
I swear it will get easier, remember that with every piece of ya
Nipplitus is beyond real at the Shor house right now
Lol my dad and I visited my grandma at the same time from different places
Ryan &amp; I are both very attached people, who don't get sick of each other ever, and hate not seeing each other... Let's hope we survive lol.
i need to go fucking do something tomorrow
There's people who make the plate &amp; people who eat the plate.
So if you're gonna be as high as me better think of another excuse
my eyes are sleepy but my mind isn't
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah\nYou don't wanna fuck with me
I love when people send me drunk snapchats
MOSCATO use to be a classy drink but the HOoTrATS stole that....
The whole team it tryna do a Ronaldo!!
Bow Wow want people to call him by his real name
tinder remains swipe-left city except for tall\/european\/into kool music. no room for much else
I'm so angry that when my brother tried talking to me and I told him to fuck off
In hardware based startups MVP Minimum Viable Prototype is key - starting is easier use accelerators
DO YOU KNOW HOW GOOD MY LIFE WOULD BE IF I HAD MONEY GOD
Audrey Zibelman of PSC takes first question on REV. It's about giving consumers more energy choices.
Brother is growing up. Time to start teaching him sports. Baseball cages bound!
\": What a shot \"looks like a soren shot
Just because you see me tweeting, that doesn't mean I feel like texting you.
KSJC 260853Z AUTO 33006KT 10SM OVC021 18\/14 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP147 T01780144 58005
honestly what was the point in this
I give people advice, but never used them myself.
I be feeling myself when I be curving these chicks lol
Eric Rowen looks like Ronald McDonald on meth.
We watching the goonies till we tap
What's Crackin With Those 16 Bars Though (;?
1 turned to 10 and 10 turned to 20 and 20 plus and empty bottles too damn many
Lately I been loosing sleep stress sorry if my mood is steep
Who wants to teach me the whole year of chem in like 2 hours
i hate when you go to retweet something and it says tweet no longer available
This Is Not The Post Season Guys
la vie boheme somehow brings out everyone's inner lesbian
Got money on Nigeria to take out France today
Con Bolillo Gomez clasificamos a nuestro 1er mundial, con Suarez llegamos a 8vos de final y con RUEDA nos fuimos a casa en primera ronda.
When someone impulse bakes and offers you extra cookies...
i do have to say, i did spend a lot of time picking a font for the wedding invites.
My old niggas, I don't trust them
Y ya siento que me falta un beso
the more you want something, the easier it is to convince your mind of things that aren't true
Damn near 25 Im not going to anyone's bikini top and cargo shorts party MEWAL has to stop lol
How did I get a scratch on my neck?
I think you need a size 12 shoe up your ass because you're so god damn self righteous and patronizing
Never really thought about it like that
Seriously watch ones all the seasons of breaking bad because I have no life
Had to follow the twolves guy just incase... Not losing hope lol
Mostly because I'm using butter
OMG OMG YEEEESSSS!!
I wanted to Plat Watch_Dogs but that one is more trouble than it's worth. I'll try to Plat Murdered: Soul Suspect though.
Banning cars on Lombard St. has backfired. Pedestrians clog the street instead ***because pedestrians are so much more dangerous than cars!
Smh didnt gimme nothing for my bday
when I don't want to talk to someone I pretend to be death.
LeBron Did All He Can But Where Was His Team ? They All Disappeared
49 days til Bonaventure! Hurry up!
Anyone wanna come over and rip some pucks?
Hey why aren't you following ?!
Man this ump was arrogant when talking to bochy. He has been awful all day.
Yay for pitching a no hitter!!!!!! Favorite pitcher
Life ain't as bad as u think it is... even when its HORRIBLE
I only have so much to give before I have to take.
GoodnightMentions For A Follow But Must Murder My &amp;&amp;&amp; Botton (Females Welcomed)(Sexy Girls Welcomed)&lt;----
I don't even care enough anymore to even try
porque eres otro en las cuestiones del amor muy diferente
I just bought a pound of cookies and cream Lindt truffles
Just gotta keep thinking about that pay check (:
Ha for real you're such a bitch stop trying to play everyone
Played the Frozen soundtrack for Kenley and we danced around the kitchen together. Yeah I'm 5 too
I need plans for tonight because idk if I feel like hanging out with my aunt and sister ...
Like why am I wearing jeans right now ... Shouldn't it be hot and nice out it's the 4th ....
I believe Diaw is gay.
30 seconds in say whaaaaa?
Didn't think I'd get there this fast, but here I am: 13 lbs lighter in a couple of months - thanks to
I'm glad everyone went down to the shore when they told me they couldn't.
They are now officially married... What a beautiful ceremony!
Stevie and joseline so messy they can't be married
I should be mad at all that shit you tweet.
i constantly read buzzfeed articles that i cannot relate to ex) \"18 signs you're a southerner\"\/\"27 struggles retail workers understand\" etc
that was the best donut I've ever had
Erik Spoelstra is trash! Beasley should've been playin....but he wanna play Udonia Haslem and James Jonea or whatever the fuck his name is!
Today I tipped the people @ DQ, I would have never done that a yr ago!
No es por na pero yo me convierto completamente newyorkino cuando los boricuas empiezan a aplaudir en el aterrizaje
Board President Kakishiba recuses himself from consent report with contract for EBAYC, where he is ED.
I didn't do anything to you for you to be acting the way that you are.
can me and oomf pleaaaase go see \"Deliver Us From Evil?\"
The things you say hurt me so much
GoT and Taco Bell, am I doing summer right?
Tim Howard and Hope Solo need to meet up sometime and make babies.
Would go to bae's crib after work, but, I just wanna go home and sleep. I'm tired af
I love oitnb so much I don't want to finish season 2
Doing damage in Old Navy
I CANT TAKE IT!!! SPURS!!!! LETS FUCKING GO!!!
Lexi: \"there's a slug on the wall\"\nTammy: \"Lexi it's a fly\"
I Feel Bad For That Nigga Lebron Smh !
Most badass picture I've ever seen. Makes me wanna go for a moto run and yell \"oorah\" the whole time.
Bosnia comming back with it!!!! Lets goooooooo
Smh the only real might on my TL
The new is on the cover of the new .
Getting paid $14 an hour. Ima have to spoil shawty
BECKERMAN IS SO HOT
I want 1 million followers ,. Hmm I need a TV show and a sex tape and what else?
I honestly just need to get away from here for a little while
What do you think my \"yo\" meant ?
Jaeleen is really the only one who thought about doing something special for my bday. She's so cute.
Vaca is over time to make monayyyy
I honestly should study but I only got the English essay &amp; Spanish final tommorow
Anything to do in this small town tonight?
You never fail to hear the most ratchet names on late night love lol
hypocrites are the best kind of people.
THEYRE ALREADY SELLING PANIK JERSEYS?! Must cop.
Wait I think I see him! .... Nope... That's an Indian lady...
And all we lack is communication like service sucks
I can't stop listening to this new Sam Smith album.
My babies is coming from Arkansas tonight! I haven't seen them in almost two years! I'm so excited!
Tiffany is hella fucking stupid and funny hahahah
Or whatever his name is
I'm waking Marisa up in 12 minutes! I'm bored
No more dates for this guy
Por eso adopta ese Comportamiento !
A guy who appends \", MBA\" to his email signature. \n\nUm, no.
I hate when people pretend to be best friends with each other just cause highschool's over, straight up don't be fake
Wen u do bae shxt w\/ someone that is not bae !!! That bitch is NOW bae &amp; me &amp; u are now officially dne !!!!
\"Oh I hear you, girl! That's not the dress of my dreams either.\" -My dad talking to the TV during Say Yes To The Dress
Thanks for watching the wheels fly off. It's been entertaining.
Nothing like spending the 4th driving through the rain for 5 hours~
Lol why do I keep trying????????
I really don't know what you bitches see in these weak niggas. Shit makes me sick
Lessons, powerpoint, camps, materials, artwork, bios, proposals, meetings, receptions, talks, happenings, travels, retreat, school...
They have a commercial about impeaching president Obama haha
I get it, the trendy wanna be hippie movement seems to be the in thing but your crochet bra flower wreath and dream catcher isn't og hippie
Made this bitch take off the polish and re paint my feet since she wana be sloppy n shit
We are the salt of the earth, the city on the hill
Really don't understand how can be so horrible.
Moms taking me shopping and I was just at the mall today
Sweating off the food u ate 2night.
every night its the same shit... fkn bored
Emptying my bank account and sending all my money and the blood of my first born son to Jermaine Jones
And then I realized it was worth it.
I don't care for this match...
Maybe I don't hate math as much as I thought
We have every single fruit except apples is this a joke
All I need is someone who will let me vent to them and cry my eyes out to...
Muy bien !!! Pasan nuestros vecinos!
Let's go get drunk ...
Good thing im leaving the country so I don't have to hear the garbage coming out of 's mouth all day
It took a while to get to this point.... but I dead don't care no more. (shrugs)
Thank you beer for helping me forget it was Monday lol
Em San Francisco ja,amen carai,7hrs de viajem,mas queria muito que essa viajem desse errado que nem da ultima vez
I swear my mom lives her life scared
My sister TRYNNA tell me DEREK IS DEAD KEEP SAYING THAT AND YOU'LL BE DEAD
She bathes in moonlight, always the midnight lover, always the forever kid
Idk whats good for me
I wanna smoke weed all day and I'm gannnaaa
In gonna sleep for 15 hours tn
THERE KINDING THATS A JOKE OMG
LOL. jk she's a bitch and just left me
Bout time USA
Seja sincero(a), mas nunca diga tudo que pensa.
The birds are starting to chirp. Party to the break of dawn yo
Dempsey back in aye
I know some of you have asked questions, hope to get answers out tomorrow, getting sick on the road sucks.
I've been ready since my dad used to tell me he was comin to the house to get me but He ain't show up! Valuable lesson, man I had to grow up
When life gives you lemons, go buy some pizza. Pizza is way better than lemons.
14. Why did you and your ex break up?
Those wall sits did me good today hah (:
scratch my bug bites and tell me im pretty
A perfect 10 lord knows I need one
wow i honestly feel like it was yesterday that i graduated.. where does time goo honestlyyy
I think this dude on the train is wearing make up
the 545am wake ups for work are really getting to me
Thinking of re watching the first season of
Fun fact: while cleaning garbage last night i proceded to get raw chicken juice on my pants...
all I gotta say is WHAT THE FUCK
This is why I'm hot
It's nights like this that I looked forward to as a young friendless nerd. I love my life
I need an End of TV Show soundtrack.
It's w.e though the song is not even that nice.
TP Cheatin In The 4th
why THE FUCK am I not consuming obscene amounts of alcohol right now
People watching is my favorite pastime
Looks like Lebron is going back to the cavs next year.
I'm watching gossip girl and so far it's stupid.
And you love being Kobe when you make the lay up, til you realize everybody in the world fuckin hates the Lakers
Good morning when you haven't talked to a person for a while and you don't wanna make the first move cus u feel stupid...
I've apparently been re-classed to an MRE supervisor with out my knowledge
But square-cut or pear-shaped, these rocks don't lose their shape!!!!!!!!
It's cool though I'm not tripping
Now they have Lydia . Noooo
Sleeping in a car with two guys all night can be good or bad.
Crappppp there goes Altidore
Besler is the cutest imo tho
La Solucion A Todo Es Dormir ;)
Niggas is trying for alley oops smh
The day I see animal cruelty in person will be the day I become a murderer. Tbh..
Linkin Park - In The End
Have a Happy and Safe 4th of July! :-)
Ratchet people don't know how to act on a beach
I got a 75 on my physics regents. I'm actually pretty proud of my self
This is the first place I've stopped on this road trip that hasn't had a Starbucks. I've done it. I've found the last wilderness in America.
Happy fathers day to me for having no kids
The taco truck is here!!!
Psalms 7:1 O Lord my God, in thee do I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me..
Still unclear on how I have any friends at all still
we all know that Freako leaked the sex tape
Someone needs to start a \"dogs of New York\" website
Just got in a quick round with he's got no bars tho
German is such an ugly language
Errbody at my job smokes ... This one girl be coming in there crossfaded and shit
If you don't know how to draw on your eyebrows... Don't draw on your eyebrows.
Fuck this game I'm watching Menace II Society
In the mood to smash all the plates in my house.
no twitter, i dont want to explore the world cup
Why'd you only call me when you're high?
Even though my story is 92 secs it's so worth the watch honestly
Don't leave your girl around me, true playa for real
I'm ready for this game 5 tho!
Time for Flyers to pick DeAngelo.
Happy 4th everyone.May we continue to find independence in all aspects of who we are and what wedo.
watching a fitness mom make her 5 year olds run laps and do jumping jacks outside my building . they look sad lol
Probably 75% of the pictures on my phone are screenshots of conversations. Not sorry
Huge fan of eating pizza, but could not be less interested in watching someone else do it. Disgusting.
I post a pic of Jeff Kons artwork and it barely gets 11 likes. A pic of Cheetos gets 20+. God these people.
Getting an email from my coach saying he won't be at our games tm is an angel sent from heaven
every sunday 104.5 just plays unplugged sessions all day it's so beautiful
how did end up talking in the first place you said you liked my coldplay shirt
Its hard being broken when my mind is constantly telling me to do stupid dangerous things on vacation
Ryan: Meg i love you. Thats my present
everybody is getting into relationships and i cant even find my other sock
\": You can still be successful and smoke weed, that's on you.\"
No entiendo a las mujeres pero de donde y cuando tocar.... \nEpic Win....
Let's fucking goo!!!!!!
Isolated heritage\nThis path was never relative\nI watch the way you meddle with\nExhibiting my pride
My roommate stays knocked tf out
Vacation over. Back on that work, diet, workout grind.
Not all girls are the same
Happy 4th of July everybody!!!!!!\nLong weekend and long shopping!!!!!\n:)
Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose
All im seeing on my TL is shawns new single and people saying follow me shawn
The pizza one ahahaha it gets me every time. JIMMY LIKES TO DOUBLE FIST IT. It's still funny. Bahaha
I don't mind working Sundays cus there's never anything to do. but I still don't wanna go \/:
you can blame me for who I are
I really don't like her tho. Like go... nvm
I, I feel so alive. For the very first time, and I can't deny it. I feel so alive!
When you crossed me you lost me
- people be crying like y'all know damn well ya was gonna win that
Yeah the super long elevator line doesn't apply to you. You go right ahead.
Why is it so hard for us to beat the Reds?
I'm sorry, is Michael Jackson not dead? Stop making releasing new music by him.. Especially with Justin Timberlake
Trust me if a MAN sees a women on her grown women shit he gone act right
Need to curl hair, shower, ugh
I think I may actually have a real addiction to peanut butter
*cedric runs in with an American flag speedo and shotgun with a bald eagle soaring above*
Slept for 10 hours last night and damn i feel great
What a fucking goal..
Who want it with the US lets goooo
Last year was joe curto's 7 hour party
I can turn my iMessage off so fast . Fwm
Blogs just self-manufacturing content by posting a blogger's response blog to blogs written by other bloggers on their blog site.
Running on 3 hours of sleep
I love watching Lexi and his expressions when Michael Ballack talks. You know he is thinking what the hell is he saying
entramos casi todo el curso re locos y la profe me dice , vuilleverde y estallamos todos jaja
Working security getting ready to see the fanfuckingtabulous ...
I haven't even been paying attention to the dates anymore
That was me flipping you off earlier by Lions Park btw
Threw on a bootleg of The Crazies &amp; it was horrible so we changed it to regular tv, finished the end of HalloweenH20 &amp; The Crazies came on!!
Mother Nature is clearly not American
I think and are the same person
Messi is a fucking animal
I h8 going to the doctors
I hate when people try to sound intelligent but tweet stupid shit like \"animals are treated better than humans\"
my foot is killing me from kicking Anand so hard
Crap why didn't I realize the Jackson surf taco has a bar ... I can have a drink while eating a buffalo soldier
Bosh caught the body.
Los parties de los gringos son una mierda
I have been saying lol a lot lately and I don't like it.
These bars didnt do shit. I want my fuckin money back
THE PHARISEES, SCRIBES, WERE VERY RELIGIOUS,.AND THAT WAS IT....OUTWARD FORM OF GODLINESS,BUT DENY THE POWER THERE OF..THEY'RE LOVELESS.....
everyone listen to my boi's new track
hey someone do something with me on the 4th of July
Brooklyn Bowl just blasted Turn Down 4 What when USA scored
These flies are driving me loco
Apparently we're at the point of our relationship where jake can fart on me? And that I'm weird because I don't pee in the shower.
o we might get a hurricane this weekend
eeeste dimaria no engancha ni canal 3 -_-
Saw bae in the city
95% of my tweets r lyrics from music I am listening to ha
Have to order my summer eyes! :)
oreo cookie shakes are the bomb diggity
I don't know why Alex Minsky is always in his underwear, but god bless America
The Curvy Girl From Brooklyn Will Bounce Back Curves ahead
Seriously if you have Jane Harman on the panel again I'm done w\/ the show. Been watching for 8 years. She adds NOTHING!!!
they said \"BBq\" couldnt even capitalize the Q? or call it by it's real name?
If you don't have decent teeth. We can't be friends.
I'd still bring on Wondo...
Who the hell orders a Sprite at an open bar?
JOEL CAMBELL is putting on. Clinic. Wenger is probably licking his lips at his work rate.
So ima just work on them and make them happen.
My dad always says,never trust NOBODY . not even trust your own shadow.
Guess ima be single forever time to get some beauty sleep wake up like jesus on yall
Union beach bon fire ? Good idea...
So pissed off I ain't even spelling shit right.
It don't take much to upset me
Clenched fists held above me, you will never bring me to my knees.
It's amazing how much you can miss someone
I always miss out on fun things my family does cause work :\/
the time that i will be able to edit my tweets will be a time to be alive
Damm I missed the hood so much
Everyone says that they'd fly if they could have a superpower, I'd just like to know what to say in different situations.
Lml, this app is lit, all the new movies in theaters .
Portugal sucks dick
: SFPD arrest a person they believe is responsible for a series of arsons in San Francisco. Details will be released tomorrow.
why must my snapchat be retarded??
Like I would leave a window open, but the alarm won't turn on so they'd know there's an open window. Jumping out the second story is a no go
You two have such amazing careers. Do you have any advice?
vixx minus leo r dumbasses its ok leo i feel ur pain
It honestly looks like mike lives in my room bc clothes everywhere and male hair products in my bathroom
I hate when I'm reaching for the ashtray and end up ashing on myself.
missed connection where a cute guy on fifth ave walks past me and turns around to say \"nice backpack ;)\"
We've got one hell of a goal keeper
It's like right when school ends you lose everybody.
Goalie never had a chance
This Mr Koskinen is a joker.. A liar. This is seriously scary. Someone has shit him up.. Gee lets do the math.
I can't wait to eat 14 hot dogs today. Happy 4th!
Got off worked went to the gym and still up don't know why
She got a big booty so I call her big booty
I swear to god, he just kept repeating \"keep probing\"
Found 'em on Twitter. Really have some great programs coming up!
I hate caring about certain people so much because honestly caring about someone just hurts so fucking bad
i'm not going to school tomorrow cause i'm cool like that
My phone fell out of my hand, like was that necessary life? My phone is already cracked.
She the youngest of us all 9 kids yea we deep lol just like &amp; the wayans family so have a bless&amp; safe &amp; happy 4th of july
Possible break time, seeing how I just woke up
Im going insane i need to leave this house
I wanna see the next episode of master chef already! :p
I guess its a sign I should go to the mad decent boat party
Just nut tapped myself by accident at the gym and almost threw up all over the dumbbells it hurt so bad
Bonus? What bonus?
Can't replace a college degree. Ok rant over
Mexicans? RT : The other 30% built like juice cartons but they cool tho
Havent had a flu this bad since high school :'(
Gimme that crown bitch, I wanna be
Unless they're the '12 Os, regression's gonna be a bitch. RT : Yankees are an MLB-best 23-12 in games decided by 2 or fewer runs.
Anyone willing to foster a cat for ten days? Litter box and food will be given!!
\"I'm going going back to back to Cali Cali\"
ITS TOO EASY
I thought I didn't like the thong song but honestly, what other song can offer someone soulfully yelling \"THAT THOOONGG!\" You can't find it.
3rd world countries be like that's a fowl?
Worst feeling is having no one to talk to.
who else thinks Coldplay's new album is legit af? it's toooo nice!
Everyone always leaves me.
Wow that was a sweet Goal!
Deadass if you love EDM music listen to Blasterjaxx's EDC set. This man throws the fuck down lol
HAD THE BEST NIGHT
Look scrappa I got nephews to look after.. I'm not lookin at you dudes, I'm lookin past ya..
Naw i said it correctly. He AINT SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTT. Period. End of story. Whack ass nigga. But aint surprised yu cheer him. Cuz u a lame too
Work is so damn boring tonight
Starbucks before practice, Taco Bell after practice.
I haven't been to SF pride before. I have to go this year.
All I see is haters
this really the most pointless trip to new york ever...i truly hate all my friends b
get all the way to kristens house just for her to tell me she left her keys at mine...
Where are Kendall's parents
Tbh I want to unfollow SO many people from my school, but they're gna think I don't like them which isn't the case.
I hate missing people, who don't even think about me.
That typo's gonna bug me but I'm not deleting the tweet and tweeting it again because that requires work
mundial 2014 INMENSOS los TICOS FELICITACIONES!! se lo merecian a celebrarrrr!!
i really hate feeling my legs jiggle whenever i walk :\/\/
Ummm.... Why the fuck in hell an account named \"Christianity\" is following me?!
fuck how it was in the past tense
If it's not on the menu we don't have it. Gosh
All the snaps of ppl all over the world chanting USA after the goal though...
Don't act like everything is cool with us, cus it's not
Not going to watch a single second of this game but I hope the US win
USA USA!!! you are my hero
I want to talk to you so bad rn.
After YEARS of watching basketball, I agree with you, .
Sometimes being a woman is just weird
Sheree shouldn't do a red wig ever!
\": I Love My Life \"I hear you Shawty .
PKs have the look of much practice. not so much.
Edouard Roger-Vasselin def. Filippo Volandri 7-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the 1st Round of .
Mad rn cause Cynthia flaked on me
Max b \/\/ we got doe
So because I don't know how to express my feelings or deal with death that makes me selfish? K.
No reason why..just folks avoiding the roads RTMy train out of Concord to SF is super crowded this AM. Any idea why?
\"That's a good picture of us. Make sure you put it on Facebook\" - my awesome grandma.
Chile should have a real go now, nothing to lose.
It's actually chilly when the wind blows, I thought it was July
It's over, Spurs are NBA champions
SHOUTOUT TO GO FOLLOW HIM
La compo de la France &gt;&gt;&gt;
Ashanti looks broke af.. sup witchyo dress.. ugh..
Congrats to my bestie at another year of following her dream!!!
This dude that wants to fight me called me pretty boy. Idk what to think .. It's weird to be honest.
Y'all always pull this last minute stuff and it's really starting to get annoying because I'm hella not prepared for this now.
Worth pointing out that this Hobby Lobby horseshit is mostly going to impact folks working retail jobs so hurray for another tax on the poor
So, Rhythm of Fighters is actually pretty fun. Over here killing my battery and setting my phone on fire.
Today, I tried on a pair of $600 climbing boots. And they fit. Bad decision.
if u FUCK WIT PPL THAT DONT FUCK WIT ME THAN U AINT REALLY FUCK WIT ME THAN
Lol im confused with oomfs relationships he got like 100000 baes
All friends be getting into relationships and I'm just here thinking about what tomorrow's breakfast gonna be.....
I love how I miss everything when im in school but when I'm not nothing is on jfc
I Dnt get why a guy asked if we sold grey goose at a popcorn stand
Honestly Coney Island was way cool and I felt like I became Lana Del Rey
It's incredible how someone can change your life in a matter of just few seconds
My shift tomorrow is 7am..... WHY WHY WHY
thank science soundcloud finally decides to update that ish has been so glitchy
It's enough to make a guy fly priiiiiivate!!-
But like the goalie didn't even move LOL
Still in shock that I made it through this entire day without coffee.
As ya'll go to bed, remember flacks, sound bites &amp; angry rhetoric don't win elections, hard work &amp; service do. May the best man win NY-13.
WHY DO I KEEP GETTING YOUR NOTIFICATIONS DEMETRA
On that note if you're pasty you pretty much lose 1000 points to me
I swear I hate Alvin and Tei'Amber right now lmao
The death crawl scene in Facing the Giants&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Any team I root for is cursed.
I've read four books this summer... livin the dream.
Thanks for doing an internal seminar on Pry for us today. I used it later to figure out WTF was wrong with my tests!
i love Ariana's duck face its so amazing
music can instantly change my mood from 'i'm emo, go away' to 'i'm too sexy for my shirt, get at me' in two seconds
Always asking me to come in on days I don't work
That moment when you're 27 seconds short of beating a world record in a race for gta
GINOBILI IS FUCKIN DOGGIN THE HEAT
Should've made a playlist for the last day of school
USA USA USA DEMPSEY!!!!!!!
\"tiene mucho oporto\" \"ay que asco\" JAJAAJAJAJJAJAAJAJAJ NONO ESTOY TENTADISIMA
Or maybe I'll just get a cat...
Few more days till the tribe breaks bread
Im sorry for my rampage.
This heat is terrible. Bring back the cold.
Well that was fuckin depressing
I sleep with my window wide open all night. Wow is that dangerous????
14 fucking % ya es enserio byeeee
\"There is no more donkey parts here.\" - Christian, trumpet
Didn't post about Father's day on all my social media sites so now everyone knows I don't love my dad.
by U won't regret t. Let's keep it up . Get our boy to number 1.
It's Hawaii out here today!
Thank you for resolution supporting national service. Locally that is ++
If somebody wanted to hangout with me that would be cool. Since I've been alone...
Not on Tim Howard baby
Comedy on Pandora
There are far more trees nowadays in America than in 1800s.
I want to see How did I not know about this show!
Typical bullshit that happens to me man
I'm going to have the best senior quote next year.
JERMAINE JONES I LOVE YOU.
Dont scar the girl you love,scar the hoe who gave u std .__.
The temperature here cannot get any hotter .
Probably not smart for me to walk the streets at this time of day
Shelley's second cousin looks like big country!! I feel like I'm in the twilight zone right now lol
I just took the bomb walk in the rain
Twitter is a jukebox filled with content for those who wish to either DJ, dance, add new content, or all three.
I love how the crew and I all have peaches on our caps
Its fine ill just chill here alone..
everytime ronnie is in a video i watch and i see him i automatically say GO RONNIE
Pharell smoked that loud before he came , talking about energy and bugs and shit
if i were him i would be crying
Keep your head up
YEAHHH USA that's how we do it!!
Happy birthday to me in 7 hours and 37 minutes lol
Oh how you can go on and on about it lol.
35 seconds in!!!!!
Baby come take off my work clothes and give me a back massage.
When you alrdy know you'll fail miserably
Deko Collins is my favorite person ever I love him more than Samuel and Liz combined
I set so many alarms it's ridiculous!!! But for real I need them.
Time spent washing my hair: 4 minutes. Time spent finishing a 370 page book in the bath tub: 3 hours 36 minutes.
\": I'm more upset with myself.\"
It's crazy just how much disdain I have toward you. I've never disliked someone so much in my life.
Thinking about living in Roc soon has me kinda excited
Mom where's Ghana? \n\"Idk I think Africa, they're all black\" \n
Get on my level son
If u hav a lot of sibblings u know what a massage line is
Heng's Instagram username is \"undermyman\"... LOL
I'll admit I only watch soccer every 4 years, but Messi is fucking good.
I'm like a dt when it comes to my friends lmao
A moment of appreciation for the Mexican goalie.... And his curls too.
I ain't even mad, you win some , you lose some life goes on.
Let's all come together and cherish this moment, people. This is the last time we get to hate on the Miami Heat until next year as one.
I wanna sleep so bad I'm like nacious and shit
Cramps should be illegal
Wow ese el Segundo gooool mas rapido en la historia del mundial
I just wanna guy that'll treat me right. not one that'll use me and throw me to the curb.
Sorry for complaining in that last tweet, I got a little feisty.
It's almost 3am and I am wide awake, oh boy.
I'm the narrator and this is just the prologue.
Hgh\"t the Ruv shlita is leaving the city tonight to the Catskills for the summer to be with his talmidim in Machne Eimek Hatorah in Harris.
I'm so bored with my life
YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING LIVE HERE GET OUT
Jones scores and Ronaldo hasn't... Jones&gt;Ronaldo
Well the Mexicans at work are now in a bad mood but I'm happy because
Do people not check their emails. Come on mannnn
Can we talk about that time my mom and stepdad made me watch the bachelorette and the college World Series?
I think I need a drink, so I can wipe away this feeling
MESSI MESSI MESSI MESSI GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!!!
Well. Can't watch raw. My nights ruined.
I wish I could just disappear for a long ass time.
Erik Spoelstra Is To Blame!!
Its too cold to be an American today.
I need to go to Disneyland before summer ends, make it happen people
I got a burning desire to be better then most
That looked bad
Just got off work, anyone tryna chill?
Is my new header badass or no? I need some feedback.
\"mentionne une meuf qui veut te serrer \" ahah la dof t es cuit
why you gotta be so rude?
Ether they go to fast or I'm a slow reader
LMAO this nigga gotta \"Reckless\" tattoo on their arm. Talk about gay
\"this movie has rly good graphics\" what even
gay ass goal
the day you left my life got a whole lot worse
Stop arguing about double standards and just accept the fact that you are a hoe.
Off to LA for 1night. Food and art. Eating and seeing Made in LA show. Going to be an awesome 30 hours.
I enjoyed booing Bettman at last years draft more than anyone should have.
Coney and Flaherty are a nice announcing combo. Enjoy this.
I never spam Jacob but he never notices me....it's never a win\/win is it
Break Time! :)
I just need something to get me out of this weird ass mood
I just ordered a drink with my real ID, with my real name, with my real age and it was LEGAL and it's ok for me to do. Good bye
(&amp;&amp; yes, I know the Giants aren't exactly the most frugal team, but half our players are HOME GROWN, so go somewhere with that shit.)
.I'm being inundated with threats from violent gamers
Last day of summer school tomarow \nShall be worth it!
I have to be up in 4 and a half hours sweeeeeet
\": does anyone else have outbursts of extremely loud laughter and then its just like what the fuck was that\" does......
Novia es novia ? la demas seguiran siendo unas chapiadoras.
Marlins park is the best in the bigs, for that bobblehead museum alone!
Bueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenaaaa messi valeeee
Its okay eventually more will come
Ushers Confessions album was so fire.
Ticos have played 10v11 for 60 freaking minutes......let's do this!
if u wear brown with black u are a spawn of the devil
Another great sports comment on one of the players: \"A mystery wrapped inside a conundrum\"--the drama!
I really went to bed at 5am... What is wrong with me
Multitasking: Skyping with in a few and reporting on the !!
\"I just wanna get high, finger you, and eat some food\"
Time for bed. Gotta be up at 6. Ew.
Starting to come around to the \"celery is gross\" way of thinking.
SCOTUS still another failed American institution, like Congress, Presidency, IRS, VA. Is there anything left to trust?
I want to be completely smacked in the face by a fat ol blunt right now
KFC commercial came on and I told Brady those people are gonna get fat. Then two seconds later asked how much that meal costs.
Wow, that was fast.
Usher comes on the radio and I swear you would think X and I are 16 year old girls knowing all the words and shit.
the show Cops is literally insane haha
fuck crash my bro car :o
Homeboy bustin' out to gangstas and strippas
Loll homegirl judge said she's not crazy about anybody on the show... I gotta agree with her on this one. Weak season
cant take No for an answer lol
Wet Hot American Summer has always been my favorite comedy movie, but damn if They Came Together didn't just tie with it.
Went from looking like a tourist in Pittsburgh to looking like one in NYC in a matter of 9 hours
I finish tv shows way too fast, season 10 of Greys
If you recieved a snap chat from me today.. get ready cuz another one is coming..
I wish you were here with my though
Mine is.. \"Can I keep you?\" - Casper
I want you to staaaaaaaay
Screw the love we just some mothafuckin kids
Ooooooooooohhhhhhhh yyyyyeeeeaaaahhhhh bbbbbbabbbbbyyyy!!! Fffuuuuuccckkkk yyyyeeeaaahhh
Sigh it's only four hours I can do this
Forget Disney, my bed is the happiest place on Earth.
Ticos slay EK anti-soccer gods
I'm kind of lonely.\n-rolls around in bed-
That leg extension tho
Vanilla protein shake with orange Gatorade = perfection after leg day
Y'all Females be havin some mouths .
wake up and smoke a bong bc workaholics
Am I the only girl that hates wearing makeup nowadays?
I woke up rn but don't remember being asleep..so confused
Ghana trynna win by injuring all our players damn..
You can't handle the truth...!!!
I don't want sex give a fuck about your ex I don't even want a text from you niggas
I always put my self in situations to make me look like the biggest asshole, and usually it's the complete opposite of what it looks.
Know you the shit when niggas hating too.
Yo of course i missed that goal.
People who listen to certain artist just so they could say they listen to em &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
No streaming tonight because my connection is ASS. *rassafrassa* I'm done with this day. The world hates me for some reason.
Howard is a damn baller
tarde de regalar followers nadie? oc
I almost fell down the stairs. Lol typical
I better have a fat ass blunt waiting for me after today's long ass day of work...
wow my brother is actually listening to reggae
Who is this on stage
this fruit cup taste like it has alcohol in it.
\": Time for to take over. Goodbye to .\"
Mike violently stabbed me with a wooden skewer tonight
Sorry I forgot about you Twitter. I've been a pregnant mess.
They Don't Love You No More
\"us - i got a ribbon on my head but dont call me a ribbon - head xD\" - circa 2009
Sometimes i wish i didnt haveee to sleep. Not enough time in the day, pluss im wide awake at 5 AM
Suddenly, the sadness is all over me..
someone in my tv comedy class a coupla weeks ago described me as and I've been living on it ever since.
I want to go for a run right now
Damn! Five fitness accounts decided to follow me just now. I better stop talking about dieting on Twitter I guess lol
If I were the bachelorette and one of the men was an opera singer and tried to serenade me on a date, I would die of laughter.
Okay, now I have one eye open.
I should probably study for that U.S regents tomorrow..
Sloane don't try to lie.... It's not going to work in your favor.
If a nigga ever ASK to eat your pussy u in for a treat
I love being replaced. It feels amazing. Thank you
I went from being okay, to upset, to mad, to okay, to mad again.
Was that messi?!?!!!!!
my friends are gonna be lighting ode fireworks tn forgetting Tyler got blown up by them but whatever
Awwww my thumb just touched spoiled milk :)
My first Fourth of July on my own in five years!
Don't even think I should be stressin
How much longer until you can take a photo of a smell?
Pilot has been saying \"only 10 more minutes\" for the last 90 minutes. Now we take a bus back to terminal? seriously?
Just a reminder to all you out there....will be open today for .
This is the first year since my birth that I have not had to wear that dumb old navy flag shirt
you guys I can't do it anymore I just can't
My friends would throw a party when I feel like shit and wanna go to bed
IM GUNNNNA STAB SOMEONE
Just killed an hour helping my sis build a character before fighting her. She loved it, and beat me too.
I feel 400 pounds right now
Thx God, to be with me in every situation. :)
La ansiedad es tan natural como la lluvia. Entonces no me juzgues de algo que no puedo evitar.
Crc For the win agianst Greece. Lets GOOOOOOO!
Really, ? Today's tops have all failed me miserably.
Krispy Kreme right next to in n out holy fucking aye
The Hot Topic in the mall has blink's greatest hits and dude ranch on vinyl and it'll be gone tonight and I get paid tomorrow. Looooooool
Oh my god
everyday for 5 years....you can't just shut that out = \/
I have to say is soooooo handsome\/cute. I love him so much
Working this shift makes me not want to see the fault in our stars because every single person has come out crying... Every single one
I'm killing babies, no if then or maybes.
I think these thotties trynna set me up, bang bang. Well not as long as I rep o' block.
In Queens, 60th Ln, 60th Pl and 60th St run parallel. 60th Av, 60th Rd and 60th Dr intersect with those and run parallel to themselves.
going to nyc...moma &amp; beyond!
That doctor was looking all at my goodies and shit smhh I hate when they tell me to put that ugly stiff ass gown on
I'm so thankful I have a dad willing to bring me a shirt at 1:30 in the morning so I don't have to work in one that's soaking wet.
crash, crash, craaasshhhhh into a ditch
So companies have religious freedom now? This takes the believe that \"cooperation's are people too\" to a whole new level.
Can't feel my thumb due to playing some Mario Kart tonight.
Black people always getting cranky in the heat
Apple can do better. We as a community can and should expect more than the shirt piece of shit that is Xcode. There, I said it.
\"So what you wanna do? Lay a hand on me I lay a hollow on you..\"
I want to wake up my Israeli friend who is sleeping over so I can watch a sad movie with someone!! Should I??
USA WHOOOO ROUND 2
I hate when I let ppl bring me down to their level.
Im really of of twitter now, goodnight.
nature is seriously beautiful in every weather condition!
Jesus what a goal
I'm so OCD about my phone having to be at 100% before I leave the house
It's cold out here in San Fran...
First problem I've encountered: web bookmarks to home screen. I tried adding from Chrome and nothing happened. Hm.
Perpetual dilemma amplified during : yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, design, yoga, d... HALP!
So happy me and are boys again
I FUCKING CALLED IT
Summer camp or prank wars?
Came home with more money then I originally went out with
They scored ? What a twist
Como estas? ESTA NOCHE QUIERO HACER MALDADES!
Ain't no calmin me down anymore been to calm In the past
Wish these fuckboys would get up so we can get some breakfast
Anyone going out to Philly on the 4th to see Nic at that concert with a car? I'll willing to pay for gas.
\": Somebody take me to the Jay &amp; Bey concert lol\" You're expensive
Costa Rica keeper came about 2 feet off of his line there...
i dont like pain, i just like how it feels
intuition is just really good memory of a future that's already happened.
I wanna go campinggg 4tthhh offff juuullyyy weeeekkkeenndd
Tim Duncan got a lot of lives on him.
Girl I'm just trying to get you high without a word
I like the feeling of being wanted.... I'm finally getting that feeling
90% of middle schoolers should make a new Instagram when they get into high school... Your pictures are embarrassing
la mia cAllate esa bok sapa ;)) rt : no si
Terrence meets up with Jelena's mom \nShe was beaten a lot\nYeah Terrence probably shouldn't have mentioned that
Hey guys in vanilla are the lyrics \"you're boring, complacent\" or \"you're boring, face it\" ????
Super hot black guy I work with asked me what I'm studying at Pratt and I said painting and he said beautiful ;) u already kno
My way of cleaning for the night just throwing my shit in my dresser
\": Got my beer, got a pizza, got 2 cuddlely dogs, and my lube. Now just waiting for the draft to start\"\n\n Umm...
guess these niggas really didn't love sosa. RT : .got shot tonight.
THIS GAME IS REALLY STRESSING ME OUT
Finally finished work. Shit gave me a head ache.
Beach too cloudy for my liking today
as vezes sem vontade de viver ai vejo que existem directioners que colocam arabella no name e passa
Heat shaking up their starting lineup tonight. I think it'll pay off.
Holla at ya girl for getting a 4.0 for second semester
The car scene in the storm \n\nSmh
I've seen 2 blanket forts on my tl tonight and I wish I had more blankets now
Need new balling sneakers feet starting to hurt
O no Altidore
US needs to start fucking fighting for the damn ball
Saying Costa Rica's win is akin to \"some sort of epic Greek tale,\" seems like adding insult to injury for Greece
Me as a sister: No fighting!Shutup!
\"it's worth a retweet but it's not worth a ring dude\"
Sometimes I wish I could be as Blunt and insensitive like
Wow someone on my tl got a bigass head
Don't try and act all fuckin cute with me now
My mom: in my dream i twerked
Saw kids terrorize\/step on a peacock today. Parents stood by, said\/did nothing. Luckily animal is ok. Pls manage your kids!
Amy, Annabelle and my parents are pretending to be hella into this World Cup right now which is pretty entertaining
I need to try peanut butter and honey on toast when I'm high. That shit tasted heavenly.
I can deal with anything else but bugs
Anna Kendrick reminds me of Tina Fey
Need to start appreciating special moments more.
Anthony just said there is nothing wrong with a warm beer. If that's not a sign of his alcoholism idk what is
and under the covers all night
My uncle said \"Iqbal has grown up to a fine young man but I hope he leads Audil the same pathway and fills that fatherly role for him\"
My next low tide is in 33 minutes. I'll be 31 inches below my average level. That's quite low.
Wanna hear me be poetic and talk about emotional turmoil???
Having your best friend live 6 hours away really is a bummer.
Downloading tfios online cause I haven't seen it
How do I ruin someone else's self esteem if it's called \"self\" esteem? Not my esteem for you.
My patient\/client hasn't woken up once. I could have slept 3 &amp; 1\/2 hours already but no, I didn't. UGH!
Can't tell what day it is since school ended.
Get used to it Bettman.
Her name is Sonia and she's leaving for DR next week so what the fuck am I supposed to do now
The worst thing about gay bars is they're all SO SEXY but they don't even like vagina and it's like FUCK. Ugh.
There's no one on 59th today.
opa quero voltar para fishingfield ,aquilo era top
I love to get 2 on
cars 2 is trending this is my time
Sean Lennon opening up for Beck at Hammerstein pretty awesome
No i dont
I was born to be real not perfect
Had a great day at the Irish festival in Hartsdale.
Lolol what if I started taking group pictures with me wearing a straight face like how Asians back then did it
Brooke: \"Christa reminds me of a country song\"
So not looking forward to today's nonsense
Boy, that escalated quickly
She dont follow back doeee :\/
Don't judge people based on what other people have to say about them.
Me and Erik need our jackets
Just like Timmy &amp; Vogey, Bumgarner deserved a better outcome...
RT: \"Blasting all these niggas out my fucking way\"
I feel so bad for bron man. He didnt deserve this.
I need to get lost in a good book
Id kill anyone for a Philly cheese steak ahora
Shoshana Bean sings like she actually means it when saying \"I love Idris Elba\" unlike....
the best conversations are when both of the people are exhausted, but stay up anyway because they do not want to stop talking to each other
Hug if your female-identified friends today (if they don't object). Supreme Court just keeps shitting on 'em.
Summertime sadness :(
Raquel please stop with the dramatics! It's becoming annoying!
I meant quick edit.
All I do is tweet, retweet and favorite and look were it had gotten me.....
And now a customer screams at me in front of the whole store I wanna cry this day really sucks
It's been a great sunday. Got blasted up in paintball and now doin summer shit with friends.
Bullshit maldita distancia
Can't enjoy myself Cus of my eye
These bodies correspond \nto there particular plane of\nexistence, and frequency- \nvibrational rate (fvr.)
IDK WHY HES SO WORSHIPPED WTF WAS THAT
me voy a alejar un poquito...
Why isn't Paige with Wade Barrett?? That would be a great team.
Wanna play mh3u but im in a comfy spot atm
I'll lose out on everything b4 I deal with stupid shit.. Foh
I odee fuck with Daylyt but Ars had that one.
when zanny makes pulled pork for dinner &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
The main question is how bad will my sunburn be at the end of this
One more workday and then it's time to get shitty in lake George.
Me and oomf has to catch up
I made the decision that I am going to chop my hair off.
Alright gonna be an awkward hour car ride with my little brother and sister friend and I leggo!
But that stereotype doesn't even fit bc boys don't like me smh
Omg can you email me that pic so I can print it and put it in my diary!!!
My boyfriends being mean to me because I don't watch teen wolf ok
His team could legitimately beat some varsity teams in the Grand Rapids area. They are whooping on these east coast teams. So technical.
i can see my baby swinging, his parliaments on fire, his hands are up.
Maybe I should just sleep. Yeah, that's a good idea.
Just asked my single uncle \"how come you came home so late?\"
Feels good to finally relax
Guys will call a women crazy but forget who got her fucked up
Thank you, founding fathers, for this day of sandals, beer, and grilled food.
lmk when a guys penis bleeds every month. then I'll give a fuck.
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
FaceTime is not the same as you cuddling next to me :\/
There are lots of ways to not be unhappy \nI'm going to keep a list
Pharrell and dem big azz Uggs!
two queens is clearly the superior bed configuration, because you can drop a hot toddy in one and move to the other
I'm not trying to be a dick authors, but Jesus Christ instead of DMing &amp; spamming for reviews just go write a new fucking book.
Only in the US would your employer have a legal say in an employee's reproduction choices.
U live ur niqqah hanging alone all night, then u come on twitter with boring ass tweets bout ur Bae, \nCut some moment bitch
I never dream so when I do I'm very happy
\"Gray va a intentar hacer el iced shell y Juvia lo va a detener\" PERO QUE DICEN QUE ME DUELE
I left the house without wearing a hat.
They really dragged me to the club in chucks. I had on a Canadian tux &amp; chucks...in the club. Wtf.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery.
You can feel sore tomorrow or you can feel sorry tomorrow. You choose.
Step 1 get money step 2 REPEAT STEP ONE
S\/o hooking up a cripple with some chicken wings lol
Happy Father's Day, please enjoy this picture of a grainy old glossy photograph of my dad taken in 1997. This is what he used to look like.
The hobbit for the billionth time
The idiots are out every night on twitter but it looks like the real winners are out tonight.
If only there were more videos on YouTube that used The XX \"Intro\".
Listened to Attila for the first time.
lol dude if u gonna subtweet fucking tag me pls
Back to back for Kelly Johnson and Brett Gardner 4-0 Good guys
This Kermit thing got too out of control!
omg my mom just made me laugh so hard i cried
Now I'm gone like delete and erase
Calling myself pale would be an understatement
I feel like would be an awesome song
Sometimes, when everything is going wrong, all you need is that one person to make everything right somehow...
2 days until my birthday though.
I honestly don't have a problem with cussing. But when you cuss AT a girl, that's where I draw a line. It's disrespectful.
Who trying chill w me and d
someone call me &amp; lets talk about i don't even care what all night bc i can't sleep.
We were just on the jumbotron at Yankee Stadium! Hah
I swear if theres thunder or lighting iama run home
'Dad, they just put that US dude in a coffin!' - 10-year-old World Cup stretcher \/ injury analysis. Aaand he's right.
Muchas veces sufrimos por lo que nos imaginamos, no por lo que vemos.
845-430 not bad not bad. But I swear if I get any bitchy couponer sans your coupon does not go through I will not accept that shit.
It's time for you to be quiet
My mom need to get and get ready
Burnt a little but of my eyebrow getting creative killing a spider I don't regret it thoo !!
My brother walks up to me and says \"shit I can't believe they're letting you graduate\"
so blessed to be on line with the potters house...thanks for bible study on line for some of us home bound
0-100 real quick Dempsey
What the fuck do you think you're doing
Dreamt about a 5 course meal including 2 desserts and me eating each 1 .. What torture upon waking up
Lucky number 13. GOOOOOOOL
You already know cuhz I bought the black mamba fighting gloves got the grill trill mouth peice. Less get it
Big tree fall hard.
Designer friends: What prototyping tool do you recommend? , , or wait until comes out?
If anyone else tells me to be sure to drink Gatorade or water because I'm sick I will drown us both in Gatorade
What a fuckong goal!!!!!!
I NEED ANSWERS AND I NEED THEM NOW
: Do they have a 12 step program for \"chicks who wear maternity clothes even though they ain't pregnant\" fetish?
My dad shitting on LeBron lol \"he ain't Jordan\" JORDAN NEVER LOST IN FINALS!
I haven't felt this angry in a very long time. I'm glad nobody has to deal with me right now
Wooooooooooooo new plane. Only 45 min delay now
Literally don't like hanging up first unless it's on my dad. Lol.
I honestly hate the stupid twitter update I follow people accidentally on the daily
\"Keep it in my head, keep it in my mouth, keep it in my... Hair?\"
Can't wait to watch the stupid Disney version of what USED to be the best show ever. I'm boycotting girl meets world.
Fuck big brother is on at 8 not 9
So into phil collins lately
Wide open, not challenged 3 and you still miss? Smh.
Love Pharrell but why is he wearing uggs in the summer?
I can communicate and have a more intellectual conversation with my two year old than these people. I chose this field though.
Rounding off a great month performing in NY with tickets to see in this Wed. VERY happy lady.
Whoever said money can't buy happiness was DUMB.
I Love Girls - Pleasure P
You ruined our relationship and now you're ruining my new one. Go the fuck away and let me be happy.
August 18 can't come faster man
So glad I came here to be home alome
Probably smoke cigarettes, fight, fuck, drink, arcade, clubbing, and play soccer. Altered lifestyle.
US OF FUCKING A CLINT DEMPSEY LET'S FUCKING GO
Lmao \"to have feelings\"
RMFT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : Why do 13 year olds have more freedom than me
Be a nice redemption win from last year
Ok time for bed goodnight. I have to be up early tomorrow.
\"Sorry.. I love you\" WOAH THERE IVE NOT BUI HERE
Handprints and good grips all on my ass
Memories, sinking , deep in, leaking in my mind.
It ain't nothin' to cut the bitch out
i just keep telling myself i'll be okay
I've been infected with restless whispers and cheats\nThat manifested in words and lies that you speak. Because I played the fool for you.
Happy for my friends but not the team haha
I miss big bart
From coach Kwesi Appiah confirms sacking Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sulley Muntari from team camp. M\/t
Im still going to be surprised if US wins this
Ahhhh my brother in law and all his family are going crazy right now!!!!
Gucci Mane ft. Young Thug-Love Somebody
I feel kinda hurt..but shouldn't I be used to it?
I wanna fall in love, but I want it right this time.
what does it feel like when follows you
If I remove them emojis from your name you know I ain't fucking witcha
I want to go to bed.
Danny asks to drive. I deny. I get lost. 40 min later. Danny drives.
Fuck you guys let me fucking sleep
I did like 10 squats a month ago and my legs r still sore lol
A drone flies above Stanford, filming the campus for . \"What kind of training does it take to fly this?\" \"Lots of crashes.\"
Like we really need to hear your phone conversation.
Is it football season yet?
Regardless of who you are out how you feel you measure up today know God Has called you to greatness
Wtf why did I reply to that. Lol
Just beat Watchdogs
Fuckin love that from Messi what a goal
100 day challenge starts today.. Back to running on a daily like I did on my mission.. Right on for puttin me on
So when will a girl realize that maybe a nice guy will do them good?
I just try to be nice &amp; it completely backfires. Ugh.
Yay Oakland! :) 's &lt;3
Feels so great bein in ur own bed after a night of drinking
I don't like the neck part on Ghana's jerseys
Bdubs salsa tastes like pasta sauce and poop.
Wow my dad is a dick
Been on Facebook way too much in the past few days
I really do look hella fat in that picture of me and Sean
You fuckin with ah MITCH baby thats on mommas !
Frock frack fuck
Finally back into the show
They ain't got no chill . smh
Coworkers invited me to smoke with them after work. I've been initiated into the clique
Please mom let me quit my job and buy me a scuf please
Probably cause you like so many people :)
Can't find my TV remote!!! This is terrrrible
if employers actually do go through your Facebook and twitter and stuff I will be homeless immediately after college
Everything about this just SUCKS.
I honestly wished I care but like I have bigger stuff to worry about...like my hair
I feel bad ass cus I got to wear a white coat and use a stethoscope today at the hospital, call me Dr. Karen
It's a bit hard to believe that it's been 5 years since Michael Jackson has passed
Today I heard someone belt Aspects of Love...
It's 2014 and gingers still have no soul.
Seen on a kid's shirt at the diner tonight: FART NINJA
Somebody called and said the rap game needs us
Yall need to stop chasing these niggas thats just fucking yall ... And become a independent women .. Trust me a man will come along
This nurse is really nice and patient... The fact that she's been working 10 hours makes it that more amazing
Di Maria so disrespectful smh
my grandma gave me a back massage
I would've subbed Zusi off instead
Just realized Catalan is easier to understand than Spanish. But less useful. Dammit.
&amp; glen told me i was his favorite (':
This Durk an Tyga beef is dumb, both of you can see eachother whenever. Check his location an fly your rich ass over there.
My iPod randomly played \"Gimme Shelter\" on both my morning and evening commutes. Good iPod!
\": Right person, wrong time. I hate that.\"
Too young thinking were too old to live
AND EVERYONE IS NOT YOUR FRIEND! ALL YALL DO IS FUCKING SMOKE AND DRINK TOGETHER, OTHER THAN THAT YALL DONT KNOW SHIT ABOUT EACH OTHER
Portugal wutless AF
Anyone wanna play roller hockey tn at seaford train station?? Lmk
Tamela got bigger since the last time I saw her
Dempsey got fucked up right there
I done seen so many G Wagons out here
I can't go a day without listening to music
And there's the first tweet of the night
2:1 for the woooohoooooooo!
You're going to find that many of the truths that we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view.
Probably not sleeping tonight after watching the conjuring...
Bass so heavy it shakes the wax out ya ears
Arjhay either really get me mad or make me laugh really hard
Fine that nigga
\": share a six word story\" I am happy all the time
I just noticed its one in the morning
Was not in a good mood this morning when I was setting the pins... So good luck putting today fuckers
Ashisn on the paint wondering if I lost my way
I really need to eat healthier
*Receives text from my man* ^_^ !! me, cranky? No way.
Today is going to be a great day!
stop losing the ball midfield. has been intercepting your passes. Recipe.for disaster.
I realize things so late sometimes
Did well on all my regents except trigonometry.
I need a beeeeer!
1st things first let my sons know what's up , I ain't go out like no Sukka I always dropped my nuts
I'm not sure I'm emotionally ready for the game of thrones finale tonight.
Add me on snap chat - lmespinal
Does a tie advance the US?
\"An Arab and a Jew came together for one common God...Rick James\" said [laughs] \"no, we are serious.\"
Does anybody have plasti dip ?
I can't believe you got the best of me.
Some people have that effect on you that make you into a better person, &amp; that's exactly what she's doing to me
The fact that Neymar is out for the rest of the World Cup pisses me off so much
The gym smells like a locker room...
Good thing my reading project is due tomorrow when I haven't even started it yet ! :)))
Lost my mind along time ago to finally need forensics
Dude really can't win
The commercials must be working though, because my first thought was not \"nuclear meltdown,\" but marshallow monsoon.
Sick of \"your car isn't even fast\" NO SHIT
Now that idc about anything imma violate wait till that chance comes
About to enjoy a beautiful meal with mum!
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x119
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x118
All she wanna do is get high and eat good
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x115
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x114
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x117
We bring the noise we bring the ruckus!!
This cold water challenge is the dumbest thing I've ever heard of. Hello, we're in a drought! Get it together, people!
Not even gonna try spamming bc I already know he's not gonna notice me
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x113
In love with new single. Go get errrrr one. That's my future hubs. He just don't know yet. x112
\"Can I please have some extra gluten on that? I want the ice cream that has gluten in it. Extra gluten\"
Imagine Snoop Dogg giving you a bubble bath
I AM VERY AWARE I HAVE 2 F'S IN EFFRON
I was out and I mean OUT for hours. I got home at 5 and woke up at 1. Mom was still up watching tv and she asks if im ok.
Ugh someone buy me Tiffany jewelry
Ce eh louco to trabalhando faz quase 14 horas eu ein
never can go to sleep happy . smh .
I REHEARSED ALL DAY AND ITS OVER OK BYE FELICIA
When I started training my Body Fat was at 33%, a scary 291 pounds body frame. This was my life and not going back to it.
Manu throwing it down!
Portugal is more important
Can someone start picking me up for weightlifting in the mirbibg a starting Thursday??
I'm good with what just said except the part about adding
3 D's second semester there goes my chance of getting in to a good college.
I just updated my phone and I love it.
\"kristine what's 'tutting'? sounds wrong..but funny. i like 'tutting'\"
Birthday, it's ya birthday. Bad bitch contest, you in first place. Happy birthday, America!
\"what if\" is just about the worst thing a person could live with hanging over them
Lebron worth billions and got millions that want to watch him ... But he on da bench smdh
He pimped the shit out of that swing
The goalie did not expect that. Wow
Like lets go out and do something I dont wanna stay at home.
Hell plan D is rock vs cena 3
I'm gonna try to date my Italian roommate so I can tell people I dated a guy who dated a girl who used to date christiano ronaldo.
When bae doesn't text back &lt;&lt;&lt;
Then there was a giant snake in the street and I had to run home to make sure my dog was inside and okay
Dont judge a book by its cover. Dont believe rumors.
I just want somebody i can chill with, and whatever happens happens. Im not asking for a lot i swear.
Did u notice you stalked my twitter? Yeah I noticed too. Creep
HI FRIENDS IM GOING TO GO ON A HAUNTED ROAD AND DYE BYE PEOPLE
Death Valley is appropriately named
They're talking Melo with Dubs, I'm just thinking about how roids they will be in NBA 2k15 lol
Are you trying to tell the world something?
Roll that doobie like its my job
Nor cal and So cal is so different.
I like to look at abstract painting while having sex.
i will peel off my face if it doesnt get nicer
I'm in the middle of nowhere where apps traffic exists looking out of the window listening to hallelujah this is too dramatic even for me
I really want to talk to someone :p hmu
Neil A. was the first man on the moon. Now say \"Neil A.\" backwards. OoOooooOoo!
should I bring my tripod out tonight?
I'm just gonna text you fuck it
So uh who wants to see one republic\/the script\/American authors at jones beach with me??
Why do I always get the most\n irritated\/moody during any holiday
I wish there was a way to get the feeling of being drunk without drinking !
I don't like when people waste my fucking time.
It's up to you how you want to be treated
I don't wanna grow up anymore. Seems like the older I get, the more disappointments I face.
Whatchu think about me takin you dowwwn yea
In dreams I meet you in warm conversation, we both wake in lonely beds in different cities. And time is taking its sweet time erasing you.
Yo we seriously don't need to have our phones on us, always holding up a phone documenting every single little thing of every day.
Ion discriminate but I rather a lightskinned female
In case you were wondering if blue cheese stuffed olives can fuel your run, yes, yes they can.
I'm probably the hardest girl ever to please. Like I feel bad for anyone that puts up with me
Las personas no cambian con el tiempo, el tiempo te muestra lo que en realidad son.
Naa I really should of been in LA this year
I'm honestly like one of the most destructive people I break everything omg
Ohhhhh bey and jay? LOL they haven't been at the innyears! Ticket sales must be bad lmao
hahaha that was when tumblr was hella fun
Watching The World Cup makes me wish I still played soccer
I'd prefer people not to give me the run around and be straight forward
If this is a dream don't open my eyesss
So fucked for chem tomorrow hahahahah
Omg get out of the way Bosh lol
Two year anniversary that I told my dad I was gay
whenever I'm with Emily for long periods of time, I develop her laugh
Never go wrong with some half priced apps.
I wanna just vent to someone but its pointless
Brugal nama se ve del pecho pa bajo en su avatar de twitel cualkiera kree k eh un catfish sin verle la cara
Fucking teen wolf is back bro.
26 I drove you to have sex with someone you owe me a favor.
I need to get my hair done , my bank person is getting me tight
My eyes are the only thing I don't wanna take off of you.
Str8 edge til i die \n
So like at 8:00 so I won't look that ratchet haha
I love the feeling when you take a shower after being in the sun all day
Dam I have some white feet
so what does tapout mean?cause this song keeps saying it guys
NO HIGH KICK THO?!
Lmao that talk with Steven in front of nini's earlier was sick
Another person I know got engaged. So if I disappear we all know what happened....
So just come give it to a nigga girl\nLemme see ya lil light twirl
I wonder if died at any point this weekend
From soccer to basketball lets go Spursssss
I think I freaked josh out td tbh
I freakin' LOVE RH as Franco..such a smart ass..I love it! \"Which one is Adele Dazeem?..tell that to John Travolta!\" LMFAO!
Fuck, three new people?! I better get more hours than them.
Me entraron 200 litros de shampoo en el ojo , me zarpo en pelotudo
Dallas better love me forever after buying season day passes to Darien Lake and Brad Paisley concert tickets for his grad present.
WOW CD GOALLLLL!
Noo sun go away I want to sleep
You can always find a sober driver. Always. There's nobody that can tell me there was an excuse to drink and drive.
I only watch the end of these games when it's exciting.. way too long
I'll say it again d wade is old news
where are you? where have you run to?
I wanna make a baby momma video lol
Can someone fill me in on the whole changing the drinking age to 25 nonsense
Some people get on my nerves with the selfies they post
Right now Miami needs a snickers bar, but after the game they're gonna need twix
when i'm bored i do online shopping, then i get depressed because i'm broke.
Dont nobody give af about you flossing we aint reaping those benefits
Really impressed with the loyalty has shown to its employees and their ! Developing is a top priority to thrive
Holy shit that was the weirdest thing ever
The Giants offense is so weak, you can support them for just one payment of 25 cents a month
Ice Cube &amp; Iced-T make a refreshing summer beverage
This really isn't 100% usa saved again.
San Francisco is wack cuz u cant find one legit spot where they sell jamaican patties. And I want one right now
I will have you know I'm scared to death
But holy moly, my eyebrows are on point today
\"911 what's you're emergency\"\nMy mom said I can't go to warped tour
how to train your dragon 2 is the GOAT
I miss the sound of your voice, I miss the rush of your skin
TOP FIVE BEST DANCING SINGERS!\n\nShakira
Making tea and pasta and listening to vinyls. An idyllic Sunday.
Do I want to cry because my mother told me that it can't have the best day of my life at pride, bc there are many other things I have done?
you know it's gonna be a good day when you get your football tickets on the first try
DON'T WAIT UNTIL YOU GROW UP TO START BECOMING A BETTER PERSON~ IF YOU START WHEN YOU'RE VERY YOUNG ~ YOU COULD GROW UP TO BE EXCEPTIONAL
I never realized how much alcohol you have to put in jello shots.. Or maybe I shouldn't have used such strong vodka.
can't wait to leave NY son.. there's nothing out here for me but drama &amp; bullshit
Lebron in tears
Nyc is amazing but I still miss my family!!!
something about Jason Biggs man idek
I hate when people are like ms goodie to shoes because i don't smoke weed, but really I'm nowhere close to ms goodie to shoes fuck outa here
if only love was like how it was told in books .
I have the worst of luck man
El sexo es una trampa de la naturaleza para no extinguirse.
im kaugjign I sounded so anger
This is my story! This is my song! Praising my savior all the day long!!!
Tmmrow is my last day in Bergenfield for 6 weeks
Watching Toy Story with a special someone would be dope
pharrell doin all the preaching like he ain't on the move that dope song lol
151 rum pineapple juice and malibu, caribou get them all numb.
People sharks do live in the ocean whys everyone losing it over video of a great white, if I saw a great white living on land id be scared
\": Portugal flopping more than LeBron.\"
Nice out here in tho
Completely forgot how stress relieving concerts can be :)
\"In the middle of a rose ceremony you're gonna pull THIS shit!?\" to Ani for taking a phone call during the Bachelorette
Trying to get tickets is a struggle when the seats are horrible :(
That response last night low key got me tight.. Smh
It was only a matter of time before everything fell apart
It's the last week of class and I say fuck it
Booked a studio apartment in the village for two days and a night so that Isaac and I can spend our last two days together...FCK
You gotta learn to take the L's sometimes.
My side was starting to hurt ! What the hell
Music makes work go by quicker
Someone come ice skating with me tonight.
Some motherfucker at work just told me \"this is a place for work, not play\" and that is why you hate your job bitch
Typing on an iphone with tips &lt;&lt;
Craving some McDonalds chicken nuggets for some reason.
Love &amp; Hip Hop Should Be 2 Hours
1 Peter 3:4\nNew Life Version (NLV)\n4 Your beauty should come from the inside. It should come from the heart. This is the kind that lasts.
Sami just said she's never touching a mans weenie
:-) :-) :-) :-) Your so funny &amp; such a sweetheart but we like never talk anymore
Today felt like a Sunday.
Grateful to have vols from one last time before they leave NYC. Thanks for serving our city!
Getting a new from
If I scream, if I cry...it's only cuz I feel alive
First of all, if you only see two Sigourney Weaver movies, that should probably be them (I'd also accept \"Ghostbusters\" and \"Working Girl\").
Presenting my pain killer side effects: Forgot to say I watching on the Sling.
How do I upload a gif I'm so lost
Nigga deadass still got starters in
How to pretend to care... When they are testifying... Especially when we R talking about IRS. They have to be thought to care...
\"I don't give a damn what men find attractive\"
anyone else notice weird image caching issues in
' Yo Si Me Gua Desacata Cuando Llegoo A RD ;)
Wait hold on guys I need to write that in my diary
*forced to leave Starbucks cause almost punches a bitch in the face*
Sadly this is probably just a dream
About too let my snake eyes close
.Thank you for that goal!
Lmao at that last RT
I wasn't asking you.
I wish I knew *why* it's okay for Jack's ALT levels to be up to 20x normal levels.
I wish I had more confidence.
watching Love this show!
Then again no place like Cali. The Bay Area to be exact
Don't let your personal bitterness ruin other people's joy. &lt;3
I hope I can like a boy as much as I like a good book someday
Romero te van a joder
Little bitch but he act real hard man
I'm not gonna chase anyone who isn't chasing me.
BET might as well let GBE on the stage next.
Anyone want to play cod or chel
Great c: that's fucken great
It's mad boring I'm about to just sleep my day away
Btw Since 2004 until forever Every Single Moment Infinite times God damn ASSHOLE ORLANDO BLOOM
Checked the score &amp; sucked my teeth
whatever the outcome of this game is, the US really has the best sports fans
Tim Howard is a BEAST !!!!
Just walked in on the girl working in the art store downstairs jammin so hard to iggy azalea.
the fact that Cameron tried to commit suicide break my heart
Costa got kicked in the balls, Dempsey just looks at him like \"suck it up\" haha
If can't find a way to stop getting plays going like that all that early elation will get erased quickly
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss school
He could celebrate with his teammates but all he can do is yell cause he cant fuckin speak english
I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different
Blood my snapchats are hilarious... well to me they are lol
4 day weekend next weekend. I'm tryna visit people
.Putin asked to revoke his own permission to invade, he looks for ways to save face. Nothing like this sequence.
5th times the charm..
To do or be anything and everything
Y'all think a lot of successful people really worried about the shit they tell us to worry about? Nahh b
Lost my iPod don't know where it went
Hey someone come steal me away from my house thx
Am I the only one who believes Paige will retain the divas championship?
The day ronaldinho retires is the day I give up on futbol.
Finally back in the North East!
I hate this bitch she deadass does not have an upper lip
Don't you love when people ask you if you want to do something, then back-out?
Jermaine fucking Jones with the snipe!!
Getting a little chippy now...Portugal putting on some HEAVY pressure.
I'd closed the door and didn't know he was on my bed cuz it was dark. But I heard his trill. I picked him up and tossed him out.....
I need to hang out with my friends ASAP
tupac is more live then CRUSIE night
I talked to Clay and Janine today bc they are my family and they always make me feel better(:
overheard at the sdm nurse: \"did you eat dinner?\" \"did you SEE dinner?\"
\": time?\"tbh idek I need to find,something to do first wyd today
My moms laughing at me about how hungover i am.
When a man treats his lady like a princess, you won't hear her complaining.
She wants the time I can't give her and she thinks I do not care ... I know it
Greatest Night of My Life! New York is a magical city!
it's weird how a song can bring back so many memories
Fantasizing about having a relationship like somebody else is weird to me. You should wanna make your own \"legacy\" or \"example\".
Shut up before i skid on your troat
Just came back from hanging out with friends
!!!!!! RT : what the fuck is going on?
I can tell tonight is going to be a very long night....
I have yet to regret anything in my life and I hope you don't become the first.
ung nahanap mo ung facebook account ni crush hahahahha
I just had a good friend of mine tell me to get Yo. What is the world coming to?
You arent whoo you claim to bee
I love wakin up to espn
Love doesn't see the color of your skin, but through the pigment of your heart.
ESPN commentator just gave Joe Biden a promotion.
Who the fuck is this guy.
I hate tea but I always crave it at night
Now that I redid my tumblr page, it's time to fix up this one... Once I finish this summer course
last thing you wanna see is a player go down... this sucks
He love it when we get together, smoke a little weed but his shit together
Worst is knowing what you want but not being able to have it
I've been drinking since 11am... And I'm still drinking....
This bar is going nuts
Dempsey!!!!!!!!!! Captain America!!!
OH MY GOD BASED GOD, YOU CAN FUCK MY BITCH BASED GOD!
The day that you do all the work from your phone sometimes are the most profitable ones
These bitches will never catch me slippin
Holy shit!!!! Legggooo
I'll never understand why Michael bay ever cast Shia lebeouf for the first three transformers movies
Takin a dump at 4 am because yolo bitch
I spend all my money on Bristol vellum, Micron pens, and cheese.
My grandpa for being 80 is a fucking stud. Looks like he's barely 65
memories keep playing back
I kind of want to go out in my cat shirt tonight.
Everyone out and I'm at work
aw well my little cousin plays with my hair so there's that
done with fake friends and fake people in general
me estoy riendo
shay has to pee but i am NOT about to get out of this tent and walk around in the pitch black to find the bathroom.
The beginning of Orange is the New Black's theme song sounds EXACTLY like Phil of the Future's. Don't try to tell me anything different.
These tweets say I'm in Manhattan, but really its Target wifi. Which is just as center-of-the-worldy.
Tu' me regalas eso que tanto me hacia falta; una caricia para el cuerpo y para el alma!!
Will Kira be BI this season?
Muchas pintas y solo visajes, muchos con trajes pocos sin mascaras..(88)\"
My boo needs to call me so I can talk to em &amp; just relax.
I hate people who make noise when they eat. I'm gonna fuck you up, b.
I haven't cried in a while and shit today saying bye had me fucked up.
So tiffany blood wya? You want it too?
Literally just saw the same post on insta about 10 different times.
I'm spending the weekend with Drew and Jovania, they best believe they'll be eating healthy with my ass.
5 more months.......just wait on it
I saw my love walk down the aisle... on her finger he placed the ring...
Today looks like a blow with all this rain bullshit
DIVA IS A FEMALE VERSION OF A HUSTLER!!!!
que no me esperen en casa.
\"Once more into the fray\nInto the last good fight I'll ever know\nLive or die on this day\nLive or die on this day\"
I really hate how nice I am. Smh
Watching night shift before I go to bed.
A spirit of gratitude can find a blessing within any burden.
Officially on vacation!!!! Vegas tomorrow for a couple weeks :)
Night shifts must be getting to my boy... hope he gets some rest.
SOS my Canisius cheer shirt is missing
Maybe i need to go to the stratosphere real quick
\"all the sans are in California\"
In the mornings when I wanna fuck you
Double Feature: The Grand Budapest Hotel and Less Than Zero
Not having to set my alarm tomorrow is such a good feeling
Bet ur sick of the same shyt... Broken promises and the drama...
Walking through the streets of with in my ears.
I love how in the summer it's completely acceptable to forget what day it is
Dangerous play ? No ?
Is it unpatriotic of me to hope today goes by quickly so I can get my AP scores back..
Just Lost all my Respect for you
Should probably be going to bed now
I have officially watched the whole first season of breaking bad in a day and I want to watch more.
Bruh this chicken tastes nasty..... Siiike motherfucker no chicken tastes nasty
TEAM BASKETBALL WINS!
Or a . They need to come conquer Cali
I've never seen Kobe Bryant walk back on D, in the FINALS, after missing a shot.
How are your dogs? -shitting lmaoooo
Don't forget to follow myself, and ! Send your best pics for a chance to win 2 free tickets to
But it's really 4 nothing. Let's go boys!
I back this whole \"kermit the frog meme\" movement! B\/c we the people are slowly but surely learning how to fall back and stay In our lane.
Stogies and bottled beers sounds ideal tn
\"How are we ever going to evolve if you people keep pushing us back into the ocean?\" - Beached Whale.
THAT IS WHAT YOU FUCKING WANT
we fucking run these streets niggaa
Is it odd that i want pizza more than sleep right now?
ALTIDORE I LOVE YOU
Beam and I went to bed at the same time last night.. I don't understand how he's so a awake right now.
Haaaant Ochoa is a force to be reckon with
Fuck Tim Howard
Damn I really don't even watch TV.\n\nIdk how people have time to watch all these shows..
How many times do I have to tell you, even when you're cryin' you're beautiful too.
chemistys the one with the shapes right ...
FUCK YEAH 2-1 F U PORTUGAL
I just snapchatted is this real life
\": shit mixxy?\" nah niggas brawlin dont really got a story for you i dipped when a snapple bottle flew throu the air
The only thing that keeps me going is my kids at work. Besides that, nothing else really matters to me.
15)when kept fcking aftr she wntd 2spend the summer w him since her racist mom ddnt approve of her 2daylong relationshp.
Gonna have the crib to myself.. Study session in quiet.. Shhhh..
Also I feel bad for anyone who's working with me\/shopping in my store\/ because that was a lot of onions
Watching double-cross is still painful.
Pretty much the whole right side of my mouth is numb ...fucking orajel
Nothing to do at work ._.
\"Good food, good weather..... I just wanna jiggle\"
Remember when you used to show off your yoes by marrying them on Facebook lmaoo now we try to keep it on the low
nothing I hate more than those stupid cheesy \"inspirational\" quotes as captions under pictures on Instagram
Thanks BA for leaving my bag in London.....
So blessed I can play pokemon again
Up early in the morning adjusting to the future and thinking about life in general.
I bet rupinder 10$ for this game bouta eat dumb swell tomorrow morning
Is it really that hard to pixk up after yourself?
I hooked this dude girl up with some \"im bout to get some Dick shorts\" today .. I laced lil bro up
Si no sabes vos jaja
Harris v. Quinn is a disgrace
Ever fell asleep standing up ?
I'm so annoyed. It's 4:38 in the morning &amp; I just want to sleep. Why do we even have to go to Patterson, NY?
If we're ever talking and you start bragging just know I will end the conversation right there
I just yelled at michelle. Her response \"F THIS I NEED VALIUM AND A MARGARITA\"
My Uncle is having a taco party
Lindsey and I tweeted a picture of our basses at the same time
Fala que me odeia, mas quer me substituir
When people take things too far and doesn't realize what they say... :\/ Seriously, I feel like I have no friends sometimes.
Harvey is going below the belt. There's personal s..t involved.
\"Carly when are you gonna suck my clit\"-.... Uhm ew
This why I don't fuck with people
I have my stats final at 7 am tomorrow...that just automatically sets me up to fail besides the fact that I just totally don't get it
Ain't no party like an S club partyy
caught in the act of not being awesome.
2014 WORLD CUP CHAMPS
Not Dempsey too
i can't wait to see ya rip wayne
Hodor is basically Bran's Pokemon at this point.
Gooooooooooooooallllll! What an absolute bomb from Jermaine Jones! I believe that we will win! Go go USA!
Goodnight. Off to bed. I love you, cyber space!!
how does one talk to one of their cute followers without seeming like a total creep
Ohh lawd i did that dirt forgive me lawd i put in work
Anymore ice? I'd appreciate 1\/2 my money back.
IVE BEVER LAUGJED THIS AHRD IN MY LIFE EITHE RO DONT KNWOW HYBTHIS SIS SO FUNNY SHE REALLT AAID COMMENT AND MENT KT
Lmao RT : I'm waiting for someone to die for the vine.
\": Sucks thinkin bout someone who u kno don't think about u\"
I'm gonna be in the Car for another 11 hours
Hello finally have arrived 4 hours late! :)
My focus need to come back.
State Assembly passes bill that bars employers from discriminating against employees reproductive health care choices.
Californians just don't understand about Texas country.
Ive won more than i lost.
What I think I like most about UberX is that it kinda feels like getting a ride from a friend. Sure $'s involved, but seems irrelevant.
These younger niggaz are dressing in anything now
i showed you love was all i needed
Not home yet but if I miss Ambrose ima be mad
Don't never believe that your the only person that someone is talking
I want to be asleep but my bed is made so nicely and I don't want to mess it up
She helped me get through 2008.
sometimes people are worth the wait and the problems
i guess some black people don't give two fucks about what they name their children.
why does my grandma have to stay in my room wtf
To my brothers in 1st RECON, 8th Marines and Joint Special Operations Command. HAPPY Freedom day.
y'all are watching the world cup while im watchin gossip girl xoxo
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate
it's one thing having a couple guys talk about how they all hit annd another having all of twitter in on it
$VRTX says phase 3 CF studies met primary endpoints
me and my sisters are the weirdest people, like how do we have friends?
Dante based his 9. circles of hell off the Marriott Marquis in Times Square.
Ronaldo have a bet on us orrrrrr
I've been so distinct lately like I need to get my phone back poppin
GOAAAAAALLLLLLL USA USA USA
Wish I can have a music session and rock out
I want to leave work now.
A girl who can get me to smile and laugh will always have my attention.
Long day of interviews, starting first with !
The fact that my mother has seen Slipknot and Rob Zombie live and I haven't
\": Why did I even put myself in this situation.\" RS
Who's Ron Aldo? Did he score the goal?
Craving a salad so bad can it be lunch time already
Not sleeping. That's what I got the daytime for
LOL @ my sister for blackmailing me.
That dive... is such a wimp.
Vrana reminds me a lot of Ovechkin...
Man, FUCK religion. All of it. ALL religion is fuckin fairy tail BULLSHIT.
I feel as though I am perfectly emulating a 7th grade boy in 2007 in my bball shorts, huge tshirt, pizza, a lil buzzed
Update: they're thinking about maybe sorta kinda maybe letting some flights fly out. Maybe. Possibly.
I'm very Happy Rn...prolly the happiest I been in a while
I will always protect my family and the ones I love
First thing my physics professors said to the class: \"why would you take physics in 20 days? Not a great idea on your part.\"
I actually want to hangout with people from my school this summer
Be so fed up but never really leave em
SOMEONE TEXT ME I CANT sleep
i don't care about y'all fucking virgin shows man i'm only here for teen wolf man
Dumb, dumb. You are so dumb.
Country music is literally the best
we were too lazy to make suhur so we haven't eaten since yesterday and this was probably the worst decision we've ever made
Steven thinks he's soooo cool that he's not into social media. I tell him it's because he's so old hahaha he's just 24
I felt like a child the way I was just pressed about eating chips in the bed
Alrighty I need to be done tweeting Lmfao
I don't even need to watch the BET awards cuz twitter is telling me everything about it lol.
Really? \": tell me what A Rosebud means because apparently means A Pretty Young Woman\"
When I'm a dad I'm gonna carry my child in one of those front-backpacks lol Idc how goofy that looks
I'm still drunk and my boyfriends stil ignore me
When your \"boys\" can't grow a pair and lay down the law
Is it ok to watch the World Cup on the 4th of July if America isn't in it?
Eating to put fat in her butt .. Okay lol
Chanel WestCoast has me wanting to kms with her laugh
Ugh I want a Big Mac
To eat ice cream or to not eat ice cream?\n\nHa who am I kidding, I'm eating ice cream.
Ryan just yak'd about me
IF YOUR TV ISNT TUNED TO ESPN RIGHT.NOW YOURE DOING SOMETHING WRONG
Okay it's decided I'm getting a tattoo Friday after work. But where should I go?!??
When she touches me Im wishing that they were ya hands
\"Who is that hannah\"\n\"Oh that's prince Harry right\"\n\"No...no Hannah that's joe Biden....\"
Max Rowen very well might still be bleeding out in 's bathroom....
Anyone in Galloway trying to chill, get food, etc. today?
J'ai manger un mini paquet de chips, j'en veut encore.
Wya I got the Juug on them ladders
well, I got nobody to annoy\/entertain\/talk 2 so bye :-)
I wish my cousins lived here
I have literally done nothing all fucking day..
so thankful to have friends who tell me like it is even when hearing it is the last thing u wanna do
goaaaaal within 30 seconds!
i don't want to see anything having to do with college rn.
Later in day on the to talk about book and celiac. Pls tune in!!
Everyone is getting hurt in every game! Uh ohhh
I haven't smoked a cigarette in over 36 hours. New record and hopefully the hours add up.
Why do I know other anthems better than the motherland? Lol
That would be the most childish thing ever
Haven't even been back in ny for 24 hours and I already need a drink
Everyone says money talk ill advice yall to stfu and stop hatin on these rich ass people.
I should be sleeping got a graduation to go to tomorrow
If you have \"tyb\" in your name, there's a 99% chance you get no girls, or you're a virgin.
take the hint bwoy
Let's go Germany! Your Palo Alto fans stand behind you!
I'm just waiting for him to come through that door and say...SOOOOKAAAYYYY
A man just drove past Steph and I and screamed \"get a haricut\" I am so confused
bringing Alec justin and brian to dress shopp with me lmao
I don't like the new train station I have to take all because I moved
According to Nate Silver, Germany has a 52% chance of beating France...
honestly I think all homophobic people are ignorant as fuck, let people b
Lots of bitch ass feelings for a person who hates bitch ass feelings.
In california its not arianas birthday yet so yeah
I couldn't tell with everyone tweeting about it
That's why I'm all into you.
My auntie told my I looked skinner I tried to tell her it was just my contour lmao
I slept almost 11 hours last night. I feel great!
It's not even going to be nice today!. Wtf
I will never be a morning person... Ever.
\"If cocaine is a commercial airliner,\nThen speed is a rocket\"\n-- Afternoon conversations
I am an American, rain shine today I will drink till I'm wasted I will put and obnoxious amount of BACCON and cheese on a burger happy 4th.
Dempsey bs face was awesome
someone please explain why Kate is a fucking avatar
That felt like the slowest run ever
Young thug - Old English
Out conversations mostly consist of quoting random shit and u laughing at random vines and asking me stupid questions..
I need to grow I'm too short!
Son if I was allowed to fuck one celebrity and my gf was allowed to do the same i would be mad as fuck at her
\"He gave you syphilis!?! ... Was it worth it?\"
90 degrees makes me want to kill myself. It's hotter than the devils butt in this car.
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there and the single moms playing both parts! Gettin ready to go to with dad!
No g I'm looking for an excuse to leave work tn like wussupp ??
Everybody watching Space jam .. What channel ?
Somedays I'm with the trashiest people orth of the Mason-Dixon Line, other days it's like I'm drinking tea with the Queen
It pretty easy to like Josh Harrison.
Our Generation is the last better! The 2K's will be worst as fuck! God
Wishing America a and everyone a Happy !
Pt 1 of was fine. Pt 2 was garbage that not even David Tennant in snug jeans could save.
How did so many people fail trig
So when you now log off, does the online wash follow you in real life or how does this work?
Maybe me bumping into this cute ass guy and smoking and drinking with him today was a sign for me to move forward and stop looking back.
Who can tie a cherry stem in there mouth? (:
She lives in my lap by andre 3stacks \n-smoke to it
Homemade lasagna, strawberry and spinach feta salad, and levain monster cookie later...I'm giving birth to food baby twinners.
$ swiftsnight $ hello ann :D i rlly luv ur icon
Dom always texting me for closure
Got one week to bring it back up.
I always find it so peculiar and disturbing when college kids go for high schoolers? Its not only illegal but also disgusting
I bet the hear don't make the playoffs next year
Family TV nite; A good classic! \n\nSAW IV!
Cerrar los ojos y pedir un deseo .c
skurt skurt on a bitch nigga
Anyone who talks down to me about this, you ain't seeing my child.
The bio final is going to conquer me
I got more seniors numbers than any other sophomore out here.
PERO ANTES K TODO, DE LO K EZTOY ASIENDO AHORITA... ESTE PARTIDO DE Y ESTA DE ......
holding nothing back hahha fuckkk Dempsy!
Keep tryna slide in my dms ...
Gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll
I'll never know the thrill of fearing I might be pregnant.\n
These perfect New York Summer evenings are worth the 6 month arctic
This mosquito is keeping me awake and it's going to pay.
I can't even keep my eyes open.
Literally sit in my towel for like 30 min after I get out of the shower
Even tho I got annoyed like 50 times haha
Mets vs A's game at Citi Field and ill be 3 miles away.....I have to go!
IS THIS REALLY TEENAGER BC I SIT A HOME AND WATCH YOUTUBE
Greece handled that 5-on-2 with its usual 2-on-5 mentality
I need to go to vs and get more panties lol
Dempsey is a trooper.
Suga suga how you get so fly ?
If you had that factory special!? double circled Maxfli in the late 80's...Dude it was a licence!! All the ball technology was in Japan!
I'm so genuinely disgusted with myself, it makes me sick to my stomach.
I've come to the conclusion that Anthony's dog Sierra hates me.
that 3rd downtown! threee! SPARTANS
You don't know me like that! Little boy.....
ew that girls outfit is mad ugly
I dont find it sexy at all putting my finger in a girls butt ... Like wtf is that
That was a ridiculous goal.
So much drank oh my goodness..and I don't feel nearly as terrible as I should
Don't think you're playing the game right cuz if you were you wouldn't have gotten caught.
Havnt been here in so long
Some people try too hard.. chill the fuck out.
30 seconds in and we got that goal
I wish I could be a robot. They have their shit worked out.
My tweets belong in the bible
Last day of school for the kiddies.......and summer begins.
But as long as you are with me, there's no place I'd rather be
I can talk to someone for two hours and get feelings, it sucks
Rick rubin is my idol .
Can't shake this craving for a MoutianDew
lol I do so much for people and constantly get thrown under the bus
Will be a tough choice come Emmy time. Uzo Aduba or Kate Mulgrew.
Cause she love gettin whipped wit a whip in the whip
I actually fuck with his fit thou
I be cooler than central air
omg lottery tickets and no curfew.
I think I've watched Prometheus way too many times than is acceptable.
Destiny fulfilled was the dopest album. When I was a young emotional girl, I identified w every song lol
\": \"Dear all sports players, \nLacrosse players get more girls than you.\"\" Lmao Pussies be like
\"Sleep is for those people who are broke\" -50 Cent
I really need these females to stop praising this mugshot dude.
Well, that's true. But if he pays for Stralman, that probably means they have to let one or both of Zuccarello and Brassard go.
Why do I like the song What Would You Do so much?
they go hand and hand with these fake ass drug dealers.
eu to com fome mas se eu mexer no pacote de bolacha agr vai fazer um barulho infernal
So jealous of the kids whose parents actually let them leave their house after like 10pm
Kruk: \"they got everything, kale, lettuce, some herbs.\"\nKuip: \"popcorn\"\nKruk: \"I don't think they have popcorn plants.\" \nKuip:\"They lost me\"
Excuse me while I copy and paste you into my life. \n\nAnd clr alt delete your cloths.
My 94 yr old grandma, \"I usually wouldn't pray for something like this but I hope the Spurs win tonight\"
SPURS DESTROY THE HEAT LETS GO
The best ever death metal band in Argentina
irei assistir toda a season 2 de orange is the new black nesse final de semana
Spurs making sure Miami leaves with no dignity
Bloodclaaat Catfish nuh amaze mi a rass kmft
thank god I have blue and white clothes for tonight, it'll go nicely with my bright red skin.
Jesse Chavez you are one tiny dude with one powerful arm
Victor Martinez, Nelson Cruz, and Edwin encarnacion are all juicing
There aren't many people who will impact a sport like Tony Gwynne. Thank you
\": So am I wrong? For thinking we could be something foreal\"
Shutout to my young buck on graduating middle school today
Can really do a lot of people watching while you wait at the train station because your boyfriend forgot to pick you up
I like staring at people cause tbh I like finding beauty in everyone, not cause I'm hating
I feel like I have to throw up.
Happy 21st Birthday welcome to adulthood enjoy your special day
Do you got a Bea or not is you trying to date or not?
I hate when people call me Boujie !
I love people for who they are flaws &amp; all.
Of course I missed Dempseys goal. Idec!
Trynna get my brother to watch the conjuring with me :\/
Four thousand roses, anything for you to notice
Fuck the Heat
One of my favorite things bout music is that it's artists can make everything rhyme while still makin so much beautiful sense
What is this dripping notice I hear outside
i've started a new page: \"piklin\" \nnot that the world needs me to have another platform.
THE PEOPLE THAT CAN or COULD cannot BECAUSE THE DISABLES are ABLES and so ON -- TACTICS by the 30 years BACKERS IDTHIEVES
But you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt
Seeing some of the quietest kids turn out to be the badest is mind blowing and the fucks up in life do better
true life I'm addicted to fruit snacks
hahahah i jus made that up
Spurs are looking like deserved champions, taking care of business!
Messi scores one goal and everyone comes out chilllll they're playing nobody
'Clearly climate change is real. As utility owners we see that as an opportunity'
Don't let the bastards get you down
Happy Will Smith And Jeff Goldblum Save Us From Aliens Day!
Everybody at buffalo wild wings is going crazy with this world cup match!
Starting to think that Rachael is dead bae where are you
I just want to thank all of the soldiers of America. You give me the power and right to be free.
To or to not make the first move....
Congrats to Vandy. They hit a HR off our best pitcher to win it. Nothing cheap there. That said....
food is my one and only true love
I will be a nervous wreck starting at 12pm today
when the ppl i follow on vine don't vine shit\nmotherfucker vine is your JOB\nyou make MONEY off this shit\nwhy you don't have new vines up
Why does everyone have to tweet about the World Cup. You're watching the game so why are you guys on twitter. Go away:)
I'm starting to realize how many friends I don't have when I look at my phone after 20 mins and there are zero notifications \/ texts \/ calls
- Tribalism aside, retaliation aside, political motivation aside, RIP to our fellow Kenyans.
Was that supposed to be the best player in the world ?
If you have a dumbass Grindr profile and message me, there is a 100% chance I'll respond solely with Drag Race pictures.
If teen wolf wasnt so confusing, i'll probably fuck with it again
Trying to get a cut shit taking forever
My front and back side are two come rely different races...
Is it to early to start drinking beer on 4th of july? I was up at 345 to start the smoked pulled pork.
so scared right now
I like to drink, I hate eating
I think I met my first super fake LA person last week and it kinda sucks.
i need the middle finger emoji
Alright we need to work on passing and maintaining possession
Where is my freaking plane.... I will most definitely have a late departure
I'm going crazy crazy crazy just thinking about you baby!
AF needs to leave my life. It is 1 in the morning and yes, you are the R. Go. Back Home.
I can't handle being inlove it makes me more sad than than happy most nights
Sup. RT : So my girl is getting a \"high end escort\" for her husband's birthday for a threesome.
Is this girl serious.
tell me something sweet to get me by
They are introducing all the women competitors aka women mike and I are in love with
who's going to beach blanket bingo this weekend?
Now that was a goalazo! :-)
Anybody wanna shoot me some must-reads? Totes in need for the summer.
you aint gotta axe who it belong to
Its not my problem if you dont see what i see.
I swear my family is the only family that would ever give alcohol to a bird
It's called fashun
Clockwork rocked the crowd at EDC Vegas
Now Messi got as many goals in world cups as Maradona got world cups trophies.
I told mom my legs were sore from running yesterday so I wasn't going for a run today and she goes \"no pain, no gain\"
Not a good day for a wedding :(
Very much underestimated data roaming costs here.
I'm really good at procrastinating memorizing my lines, should I add that to the special skills section of my resume?
Trembling in fear due to the hatred on my askfm oh no make it stop
I thought I seen Bow Wow in that outfit before HAHAHA
Killer!!!!!!! Just scored on Portugal. Still in this
Great ending to this season :-)
GOAL!!!!!! #IS IN THE ZONE!!!!
My friends are turning up at my house while im taking a shit
Still adjusting to Zuko not being voiced by Dante Bosco
Here's an old poem from my youth, ready? (ahem)\nRoses are red\nViolets are blue \nRugrats is sweet \nAnd so are you :-D \nWhat do u guys think?
I had a pretty good day, cant lie
I remember last year when 5SOS first announced that their album would come out before 2014...
Boutta run this Monopoly game like no other
No lie thats why the BET awards never get no love from me they cut of a young lady singing with talent
Does anyone want to get Chipotle with me right now?
I think my mom and I both have a shopping problem
Just handing out morphine over here like it's a party!!! In 1962. Vietnam.
Muthafuckas never loved us.
But at the same time, if I'm drunk then I wouldn't really care .. so conclusion? Get me drunk people
My grandparents and dad are the biggest conspiracy theorist believers when it comes to the World Cup and how all the games are fixed lol
Fuck kinda shot wuz that
back to square one
There's a lesson in every loss &amp; victory yet to be claimed.
Idina Menzel is so cute and perfect and amazing and I love her
MY MOM IS SAYING LETS GO TO PARIS INSTEAD OF SAN DIEGO NO MOM
When I carry by heavy son to bed, it reminds me how much I hate playing both roles of mom &amp; dad.
Hay que rabia mami no me dejo ir al cine:cccccccccccccccc
You say you don't love these hoes but yet you're dating one ?!
I swear I got a better chance at seeing god then for you to stop bitching at me over nothing
The first thing ppl say when I tell them my mom is from Jamaica is \"Say something in patwa\" Nigga MY MOTHER is Jamaican
The whole, in this moment, Alex song he fool!!!!
Lol i see hella Ppl I go to school or that I know
My lives need to come back on frozen free fall :(
the real struggle is being ugly
Tamam bu kadar saka yeter. Artik tatile girebilir miyim?
Keeping my fingers crossed for 0 tears and 0 surgeries tomorrow morning.
We had a great response to our sweeps promotion so we're doing something special. Check here at 4pm ET for a deal good for a limited time!
Darling, what is going on? Honestly, that never happened. Lying is your favorite passion.
Call me again i'll cuss you both out on 3 way
Happy Independence Day, my fellow Americans!
\"\" c'mon what
The fact there has never been a good book or movie on Harvey Milk's life or legacy really bothers me.
Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways.
Sucks to see your best player give up
Love to see Moms buying Supreme for their kids.
no but seriously. hang out with me. i haven't done anything today and i'm growing anxious.
My dad just texted me asking why we didn't go to Ziggy together the other night ...
Nailed that score prediction right on the fuckin head BOOYA
Like if you were my child I would cry everyday
Where is Ronaldo goin w the ball?
Not for nothing Pac was nice. He had more content and a more intriguing persona than Biggie. He made a bigger impact in my eyes. Js
Bitches be answering they nigga phone rude, lol like I don't wont yo nigga I want some treee hoeee lol.
Take me back to Costa Rica, real life doesn't exist there.
If Portugal won't win then USA MUST FUCKING WIN !!!!!!!!
Lmfao cest is a clown
So I guess I'm moving back to Florida....
So weird to think that it's only 7:00 here but 10:00 at home
Machado, Flaherty, and Hundley to start the bottom of the 9th for the . Let's see if they can finish this awesome comeback
Berkeley weather was good today, too bad I wasn't there.
i love that im always awake, sleep is a waste of life
Walked home in torrential downpour last night &amp; found myself grinning when I stopped caring I was soaked &amp; realized how amazing it felt
I love imsg so much
I don't wanna live like this but I don't wanna dieeeeeee~
I've been in 3 states today. Get me home.
I hate the whispering AT&amp;T commercial so much... So much &amp;t
As good as it gets, no that ain't where it is
Just found out the actor for Isaac in TFIOS was Nat from the Naked Brothers Band
It's about to be my boy birthday tomorrow so who's going the have of the honor of giving him some birthday sex?
I can't believe right after I had baby Allen I was back to my regular weight!
I'm sorry, but Professional Eating is America's Sport.
That's embarrassing lol
Come home for seven days and work 6 of them.
Gotta love it when people who don't even have a twitter deem it fit to comment on things you tweet. Do you realize how creepy that is?
I'm so excited that I registered to be a bone marrow donor.
CASINO BEEN WOKE BUT THEY FRONTIN LIKE THEY SLEEP
jaasia got me off this song .
I know I don't work for Hobby Lobby, but rulings like this have ripple effects. Don't be fooled
I ktfo on my girlfriend last night
I be lying if I say you ain't the one
little kids are pervs a bro....
Ohh you want a burger? A burger, have a burger
Dovme yaptirmak icin kimden izin aldiniz?! Kafaniza gore dovme.. Oh ne ala memleket..
Let's go Germany today!!!
I wish that I could take a journey through your mind
Aside from the legalities of , it was nice to finally see the militant left get smacked down by .
I want to go home and sleep
dad just described Camille's 6th grade boyfriend as \"suave\"
One seldom encounters more socially stunted people than while in hearing range of a Starbucks queue.
I don't ever remember it raining of the 4th of July
But why do the most important world cup matches occur right before my regents exams? LOL :( I can never concentrate haha
Hey !! Where is The Cosby show?!?!
I've never thought people were so stupid in my life. Theres no logic in humanity anymore. Buncha goddamn morons.
Arrived at coming from . Immediately removes jacket.
Alguien sabe como quedo Alemania ?
Uno se cansa de darle likes o comentarle a las gente orgullosa, presumida
I just got an email telling me to create a mind palace
Such a high kick
I love juice way more than any other drink
Once we had characteristics , now we have symptoms. As medical practice becomes commercialized, our emotions become medicalized.
Why does twitter keep trolling me to explore the World Cup? I don't wannaaaaaaa
\"Attract what you expect, reflect what you desire, become what you respect, mirror what you admire\"
After 3 months of lazily trying 2 learn ableton.....mayhaps I should just learn fruity loops
Knew they were gonna start Ray Allen
Glad I paid my cable bill on time... Seeing was epic
That was quick
Eating alone In my car is a personal hobby
When I awoke, though, all of the dangers of cigarettes hit me like a ton of bricks.
Currently : throwin dat ass in a circle ft
Kid needs to stop preaching about how shitty guys treat their girl &amp; worry about which girl he actually fuckin with instead of fuckin every1
Where's my babe at?\n\nOh I dont have one
Ur hot as fuck and ur crop top game is strong
Balling my eyes out at the movies
Whys everyone going on trips this week?
I used to dislike basketball but watching these finals has made me kinda start liking the sport a bit.
you might be his friend but not mine, don't get it mixed.
There you go!!!
I'm not hungry at all and des is making me go out to dinner to spend time with her
Wish this train had a cup holder
My throats so red and irritated from my cough.. I feel like dying right now.
You know with all these planes around me &amp; airport activity. I want to draw planes.
I think Tauheed Epps and I would love to hear a song by Duffle Bag Boy FT. Tity Boy, and 2Chainz!
Just remember. Y'all waited three years for this lol.
Apparently I dressed like a hipster today. Okay
BUT it's the first time I get to use my birthday as a valid excuse to leave the baby with auntie and go party w my friends in LA ;).
suga suga how you get so fly ?
When you listen to people so smart you want to lock yourself in a library. Thank you .
\"Ur spandex r shorter than ur intention span\" xD burrrn
You're all kinds of fucked up
If you want to change the world, destroy the existence of chemistry
WHAT THE FUCK SHE STOLE DANIEL
Lol been a spurs fan. Let's go
One of my biggest regrets in life will always be not chasing down 's float at the parade parade
Flutatiouse by Will Sparks always gets me pumped up
GOLAZOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DE LA PULGA NOJODA!!
In order for others to love you, you have to learn to love yourself
Di maria the bear
Too bad my Fourth of July will be spent in work.. All. Day.
Ugh...I hate Pride weekend. It's so gay.
Honestly people are gonna talk shit regardless about the heat I ain't even mad tough
Legit watched 3 seconds of \"Orange Is The New Black\" and there already is nudity... I am going to LOVE this show.
My eyebrows look amazing today and I literally did them in my dorm room with a tiny mirror
me , andrew , harold &amp; p &gt;
I aint know beyonce and jay showed up
If your not keeping up with insta battle your doing life wrong
you know youre best friends when you start to cry over the same guy and how attractive he is :-)
Why are none of America's players american?
Still watching the games on the Mexican channel . Just cause they get hyped
Kennedy made my summer 420x easier
Rather die before I fake it...
GKG is open for July 4..... And yes we are all extremely hung over
my sister is such a slow driver omfg
When she's angry at me &lt;&lt; when she's angry at other people.
Also an uncle Joey! He's hilarious! !
God Andi really irritates me
dealer won't be there tomorrow, wtf
I've been smoking out of fruit far too often the past 24 hours
Still feel drunk this is not fun
\"We scare because we care\"
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
It's cool , you don't gotta text back
Only thing open this time of night is Waffle House and Legs! And I'm getting neither!
Bouta be at the firework show
Fuck. I should be studying these fucking paintings right now
What a disappointing day. Only good thing tissue was seeing my gorgeous Cambodian regular customer
\"I want like a rent-a-boyfriend... I could pay her with rainbow cakes\" -Angela Pomeroy hit her up boyz
I don't even get sunburnt, I just get black
I really wanna go to the movies soon
Never leaving my room
Driving in your car, I never never want to go home.
I hate Messi but that was sweet
Hey get that plane ticket!
how i feel about sarah is explained in my avi
I found a pipe in my moms drawer, idk if it's my brothers or hers...
Y'all hush now, mama's watchin .
Smh fronting like Struggle-O's aren't the greatest cereal known to man
The son from GMW is a fucking classic.
Almost 470 balls RT : How many soccer balls can fit in the face of a goal stacked on top of each other?
I'm just saying.. you could do better
The American Outlaws
Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch aint dying for ah nigga ......\nin other words she aint loyal !
I wanna leave already. I'm tired of staying home all day and Not doing shit.
Who knew customs actually requires you to take a selfie now
