Like how much to u fucken want i write her a check but its not enough for her
\"not a hoe in chipotle, no\n\njust some food for thot\"
Winnipeg Jets are gonna be nasty af soon.
That cardio was much needed.
I'm not sure if I'm really short with everyone today or if everyone's just being annoying AF
y'all have no idea how good it feels to lay down
.is a saint in this business. You've inspired many and respected by all! Good luck everything you do!
Lol at the time I actually had a life
John Cena will face Randy Orton, Kane and Roman Reigns in a Fatal 4 Way at Battleground for the WWE World Heavyweight Championship.
Can't stop watching orange is the new black
OMG I hate being a grown up. Why can't I just be a baby again and have someone take care of me and never be expected to make decisions
Ed Sheeran's new album sounds like the songs were written by Jesus and produced by angels. But they were written by Ed. Well same thing. Lol
Also missing baseball Thursdays
calling it rn the heat will NOT make the playoffs next year
I'm a thugg in my avi with my shades on
I forgot how much I love roller coasters
Lady at the nursing home just asked me if my dad was my boyfriend.. Ok.
Of course I'm eating in bed right now.
goddamn what a chill day I love summertime
I dont like messi
All I'm saying is we're supposed to be living that crazy Costco life.
so 's first name sounds so metal like she's going to battle or something but when people hear mine they think of freaking Alaska
cai de moto ontem agora q estou sentindo dor...na perna.
Jesus when are my superflys going to come in. Lets gooooooo
After midnight, twitter's just social media adderall for snarky insomniacs.
I'm legit tired all day and the second I go to fall asleep I'm wide awake
Watching what is happening? Oh right..a good dream.
That was a beautiful goal by the usa well done
Shit if I was put in that same situation I would have been in my truck half way there already. That shows a lot.
Suarez bit my finger. And that really hurt Suarez.
My dad tells me to get ready in 10mins. Then decides to take a shower in my bathroom when he sees me grab my towel from my room. Lmao faggot
11\nYour really cute and nice and we need to hang out !
Too real that's how we describe each other
Donde tengo los pies muchos me quieren ver la cabeza!
What have u been awake since 7?
It would be nice to log into fb without seeing 1000 postings of your political views being shoved down my throat
people will love you &amp; support you when its beneficial
I think having your own rooftop garden is a good mark of success
Helllll yesssssssssss USA USA USA USA!!!
Need to buy a protein treatment for my hair. Is nicely moisturized after a masque today, now the next treatment step!
If Lebron doesn't shoot to open game tonight and instead tries to get rashard Lewis involved,he would solidify place as biggest pussy ever.
No sir, the driving range is not where you practice driving cars ?
The San Francisco fog is insane right now
Mexican parties always have da best food and drinks.
One would think the aliens from space jam stole the games from lebron, wade and bosh.
Day 2 of my parents not realizing I have yet to react to anything they're saying to me.
I want to cut my hair then again I know i'll regret it
Saw my 7th grade Spanish teacher at backstreet boys drunk
What the fuck is the point of buying followers
Why must the best weekend of my life have to end
I guess we will be hearing thunder instead of fire works this year
youuuu a trill niggga thann fuck wit ussss
Unrelated story Thomas and Scalia get lifetime supply of finger paints
That awkward moment when I'm driving on 26th street but we are in Buffalo.
This is the first Father's Day I'm not with my pops. Kind of weird.
I am not sure if I am ready to go onto this next chapter of my life without you..
Ad guys do their best in tough situations and all. But the shampoo World Cup ad made me laugh out loud.
Who am I kidding I'm sunburnt, sore, tired and I wanna go home!!!
(: ily cam!
Happy Independence Day, everybody! 'Merica! :)
Meh I know I sound like I'm bitching but I'm on a lot of medication and pain... I deserve to bitch right now
My dog falls asleep on me the way girls fall asleep on their boyfriends
Nani = no no
im gonna play zelda see y'all in four hours
It should be noted that \"good\" people don't go to , only \"perfect\" people; and there is only 1 way 2 be made perfect... see John 1:12
\"Let's play word association. Justin.\" \"Love.\" \"Anal.\"
World War Z is a crazy movie
In this crazy world the choices i've only got a few. Either you're coming with me, or i'm coming with you
San Antonio winning with dem Spurs. Arlington losing all over.
Bout to get ready for the gym . Fck it
Watching kick-ass after spending night with awesome company of and . Perfect end to a night with amazing team.
Sleeping in freshly cleaned sheets after getting out of the shower &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN
\"*british accent* 20 years ago my bolls were lowah.\" \"And nout as white.\" \"I secretlay luv hitlah, and lettle bois\"
The Avalon is not a good racing car tbh
Sometimes we try so hard to live up to society's standards, and then we forget who we really are as people.
Everyone shhh Dilemma by Nelly ft. Kelly is playing
There are reasons why I keep to myself
All I want is to be best friends with
Did I just say goodnight ? wtf am I doing ...
WHAT A GOAL! WHAT A GOAL!
My once golden shimmering mirage....now made me sick.
Kerry's still drunk and she's going to church
I would love to see the Cavs trade the 1st pick and lure LeBron back
Me: It's pathetic she's asking Jolene to not take her boyfriend. Hang on to your own boyfriend, right? My kid: They could share boyfriends\"
Kiss me like you miss me
Can my neighbors have sex somewhere else. Tf
It just really sucks to feel like that all day. My life style just isn't that way and I don't want it to be.
I'll move away but I'm never ready to leave
That's the best thing ive evr seen waiting for the G train
When the rooster flies the coop, it's time to rock out with your cock out.
Partied for a solid 12 hours today I'm okay with that
Eto naba gad. Dumaan lang sa H&amp;M napagastos nanaman @@ gash
Yes extra cheese pizza is still basic
You almost tricked me soccer. I thought you were cool, for a minute.
All I want is the taste that your lips allow.
Im that nigga im that nigga , bank of america account got 6 figures ..
I'm capable of everything and anything
Ya think? RT : You gay if another nigga sticks his dick in ur ass
That's just my brownskin mentality going into effect.
About to hop in the shower
Hurt me with the truth BUT never comfort me with a lie!
\"American Exceptionalism\" is not blaming Obama for everything
How have I not watched 's show before? This is good.
I'm done talking to people who don't put an effort talking to me.
And my mom wonders where I get my attitude from.
why dont guys just be nice to girls and not throw a pity party if her feelings aren't the same Like sorry you're not king of the world
Nothing grinds my gears more than people being ignorant about mental illness.
theres nothing worse than thinking you have a chance when you really dont
Ecusame, no sabia q t molesta el humo
All I keep repeating to myself is \"she's with Colt now, she's safe Saige\"
Family picnic today
the person saying ppl hate them bc theyre different 100% of the time they are mass produced having no qualities to set them apart 100%
Friday labs for all of C session?! dope!
That is such a dub omg
Decepcionada de mi misma&lt;\/3
OMG I JUST SAW SOMEONE THAT LOOKED LIKE V ON THE SUBWAY. YALL HAVE NO IDEA HOW HARD IM FANGIRLING RN
Went to bed midnight to wake up at 8 to get to a German bar at 9 to watch a game that starts at noon.
Soy_latte and breakfast_burrito are not a good combination for breakfast. Upset stomach whole day :\/
Every time I click on a picture on my time line it fucking freezes nd then I have to turn my phone off
A wah Kinda Obeah Work a Gwaaaaann Deh Suuhh
Everyone and their moms are at the gym today.
just stop trying to make everyone feel better uu try so hard jfc get out
\"I feel fucking bad cause the first thing I did was look at her tits then read the caption, insta regret\"
I wonder how this would go down if Ronaldo was 100%
Why can't someone be available to give me a back rub rn
Need to distract myself from these nausea-inducing megacramps until the ibuprophen kicks in. So hard
Juicy J been doing preshows since 98
Will she text me back?
I would go see 22 jump street again
loyalty and commitment seems to be a big issue with people
Some of the best ball handling I've seen in the
Portugal looking like a bunch of fish out there
Dakika bir gol bir Bahceli'nin icine Engin Alan kacti..\"Biz bedel odeme siramizi savdik sira sen de\" Guzel konusma...
Aun noc lo que hice maal..
I like how Ghana playing though
\": Katie puts her chewed gum on her phone screen to save for later \" why waste a perfectly good piece of gum
The season finale for season 6 of parks and rec is just so damn good.
I guess that's kinda what she gets
I guess LSD makes you think you're going to Neverland, cause Veronica is screaming that out loud and running everywhere.
Friends don't send me any mail until I move if you haven't already
Watching the recruit on netflix now probably gonna finish watching this in 2 weeks cos it kept buffering every 2seconds.
At my lil sister recital imma be the only nigga standing clapping
USA!!!!!!!!! Fucking Dempsey !!!!!
And following it's web ALL AROUND MY ROOM makes me want to cry. Not sleeping here anymore
He said \"The first black person Donald Sterling ever got was for Christmas!\"
Prom is Thursday and I keep on eating...
I told all of you, Kings and Spurs
.that Seompi tune kicked so much ass.
it's funny how when you need me im right there but when I need you you're nowhere
The weather is so beautiful in New York. There's like no humidity!
What fucking cable y'all got the bet awards 3 hours away an shit
Any house I live in when I'm older needs to have central air
Pues hoy yo estoy con Colombia
Clint Dempsey I LOVE YOU
Lmao that pissed me off.
next person to RT that nasty shit is getting an unfollow.
my biggest problem in life is kaylas curfew
The average episode of One Tree Hill is 40 min and I cry for just about 38 of them
And all the shit I would do to them
Tim Howard is on the block like he's eight feet tall.
\": I literally think about you all the time.\"
Heavy rains continue to batter shore line this morning.. As Arthur pulls away this afternoon gradual clearing. Good to go for layer tho
I'll never be that girl again woah ohhhh
Waking up is my least favorite hobby
Bruh its nothing worse than not being able to breathe out of ur nose. My shit all stuffy like the fuckkk ??
damn i gotta wake up early n im still awake lol
My Belly Reaching Out For This Popeyes.. Calm Down I'm About To Feed You
In 80's you'd often see Cashen's starters go 8 or 9 innings or of needed McDowell and Orosco go 2+ innings. I miss those days
Yeah, it's fucking weird.
Willing to pay someone to come to my House in the morning to wake me up in time for court
Damn I miss hockey
I'm being dead ass rn someone's Trynna break the glass in my front door
I can't be bothered with people
You get no respect from me. 0
both of my closest friends turn 21 soon. one this month and one next month, im in serious trouble.
Dami daming pwedeng gawan ng rumor si Bom pa!
Oh jeac you can't play you don't have HANDS!!!!
Molly &amp; that whiskey, that's Monica Lewinsky
for breast exams or vaccines either? You just opened the door to a world of unfair healthcare decisions. Thank you
I can't watch Game of Thrones in peace
I know my limits...time for bed.
Shaving my head tomorrow I'm done with this mop
Watching dead silence in the dark alone smh
I noticed I am getting significantly less attention on social media now that I'm not in England. Come on people where is your patriotism!!!!
someone else facetime me now bc my friend left me
\"How to curate a bad concert in ten easy steps\"
I get put in fowl moods way too fast
Fr bouta happy when teen wolf premiere comes on
A$AP Ferg just scored for Costa Rica
shit ill build a snowman a bed a home a marriage a family ANYTHING WITH MARCUS PEREZ
There would be a lot of rape at the prison prom
We know. RT : lol curving bitches left &amp; right.
when connie hides the gatorades in my house..
anyone ever see escape from tomorrow? im gonna watch it tonight
Taking the ambulance to half time
I CANT BREATHE MATT IS COMING TO DIGITOUR SAN SIEGO IM CRIG GUYS
Not gonna front soccer was pretty fun today
Yayo I don't move that yayo but I got 1000 lbs of loud on the way doe
Sidenote: the odds game became an epidemic last night
Leave me alone, I'm watching teen wolf
Next Saturday finally vs. &amp; vs. \n\nI got Joe Budden and Loaded Lux winning
I'm expecting a fucking dm or text to whoever favorited that tweet
Ain't nothing in this world for free.
I literally have no boobs at all, this is sad
si tiene novia no le pida besos a otra, no sea hpta!!
Everyone's celebrating and drinkin and I'm in my room after work watchin basketball
My neck hurts , my back hurts my shoulders hurt , my feet hurt. I'm in pain goodnight
Love's a state of mind
HOLY MOTHER OF SIN I MISSED THIS FOOD SO MUCH
So stressed right now I can't calm down to try and sleep.
I think I wanna get my legs finished before I do a Photoshoot
El amor es buscar en otra parte lo que no encuentras en ti.
I don't even know what to bring....
Dallas Knicks, if melo really wants to come over lmao
Got the apartment in Manhattan = later roommates, hello Gramercy
This is getting laughable!!
Be weird, be random, be whoever you are because you never know who might fall in love with the person you really are.
Falling asleep on is both the worst and best thing ever ?!?
When I come home and my dad asks if I'm drunk bc I forgot to set the alarm.....it's a Monday night and I have school tm...freak
\": Lets go Greece!!\"delete me from your life
Wow so I guess it wasn't worth it .
Well any time the rest of the heat wanna show the fuck up.!
I've decided to start febrezing people on the subway, including myself.
If me and justin had a party who would come
will bbq your skirts steaks for free (and skirt steak)
Hey, the Pacific Division is good? Asking for a medium.
Making steps in the right direction
My dad says \"how you doing bob\" to random people on the street
if i would rate myself from a scale to 1 - 10 \ni would pick 10 , minus 100.
In other news, I forgot to pack any underwear. So that's an overshare...
I'm the hostess with with the mostest yee
Id rather be street smart than book smart...but im both so its all good
THERES A HEATER INSIDE OF ME
nooo hombre,\nmi vida esta super completa.
Thank God for sports bras... its where I keep my keys while I run
Posted a pic to insta, deleted it, then re uploaded it with a diff caption and no hashtags lol.
It's hard to give someone advice when you have no idea what there going through..
Boys make me nervous.
I love those conversations where I don't have to think, everything just flows out
Where's a street dog snake or coyote when u need one .....shhhh ahhh cat leave !!!
So proud of and the way his hard work has paid off. Great work.
Like this substituiton.
Lemme get at them free tickets
i think tyler just came home...\nHe has bat weeek!
Only little ass fuck boys are attracted to girls who do that shit
if u were ever considering takin me out DO NOT TAKE ME ANYWHERE WITH BURGERS
One of the hardest working players in our organization
Got you blowing up her phone while she suckin dickkkk
JONES my god
\"She's been going there forever, why doesn't she have fucking water shoes?\" -
i have over 100 drafts that will never been seen.
It's nice out
I watch on Sunday nights, and then he leaves me in this house by myself on Monday nights.
Just got into a fight over a knife this is what my life has become lol
Not guna lie I haven't had butterflies in so long &amp; you changed that last night... &amp; We didn't see each other, just talked on the phone!
Let me get my braids this weekend and post a selfie or two on the gram.
Hate bi polar ass females ... That shit get annoying .
Nigga praying up to god hoping that he hear a nigga
I just wanna be with Tyler idc.
--\nOshh Pero Que Esa Vieja Ya Muy Pasada o.O
Soooo... R. Kelly's transgendered child was... Trapped in the Closet?
\": Took her from the strip club &amp; off her back &amp; she sleeps on me with over 30 dudes even gay men. \" LMFAO
Sometimes I forgot that attractive guys actually do follow me and I just make myself sound treacherous
Still don't know why I'm wearing to pride sunday
There is a 5th dimension beyond that which is known to man. This is the dimension of imagination.
we alll children lookin' for a reason, what do you believe in betrayal, treason?
I only argue when people say stupid shit tbh
Hey Landon can you fly to Brasil?
Trying to keep my cool over the Supreme Court ruling regarding Christian Companies and contraceptives. What's next are you not going to pay
You know that I'm loaded but please don't think it's sweeter
Why do you flirt with every guy there is
Yoooo Chris Rock was hilarious last night
If only there was some way for me to wear a computer on my face.
didn't realize how graphic my followers were until tonight
Need a late night Netflix cuddle buddy , any takers ?
It's 5am &amp; I still haven't gone to sleep yet...
WHERE MY DADDY AT? He wouldn't let this happen lmao.
Red wine, speghetti, vinegar chicharon and quality company with my grandma-
I hate seeing you on my timeline
\"I'm homesick for arms that don't want to hold me\"
Ghana is fighting for it
Rather my female smoke than drink it's healthier for ya
I don't think I've balled in at least a month
Sweet mother of god.
haven't left my apt for 2 days just to scare myself by watching YouTube conspiracies
Visit to the Wall Street Journal is the highlight of my trip so far.....
\"You don't go to mass in this city, you go to brunch\"
If I had a nickel every time I had to tell ppl going to the Yankee game on the downtown 4 they're going the wrong way id be a BILLIONAIRE
Next time someone asks me, \"what are you,\" I'll say \"everything you wish you could be, bitch\"
sex education taught by j.white and j.lilley
Group F: \n \n \n \n
Life is too short to care about what other people think. Do what makes you happy.
REVEAL YOUR UNDYING LOVE FOR ME. Aha jk alone forever
Shout to everybody that came to it was amazin tonight 2 more shows! Let's go!
Always trust the crystal ball
Another all nighter. Going to bed when the sun comes up.
\"I have like approximately 452 followers on Instagram, but like I don't know\"
She lucky I got out with Blu cause she'd be bae
Fun fact: I'm going to the same high school that Tom Brady went to.
DIOS ERES GRANDE! COSTA RICA ESTA EN LOS CUARTOS DE FINALES
My friends like my sister more than me :-(
They thru on Jay's verse on that DJ Khaled joint and niggas was like \"FUCK THAT SHIT.\" Times are changing, bruh.
doug heffernan is my light at the end of the tunnel
Fillip has no food in his house
Luv Saleh he's like the coolest Arab evaa
Went on Instagram. Realized I have way to many selfies on there.
When customers decide to think its a cool to not say the drink size before the anything
i wonder if 4kids got the original anime studios who made what they were airing to do new animation for the 4th of July tribute thing
That's what I'm talking about go USA
So we can just ignore laws now if we really really want to? Or is that only if it's in the service of denying women full humanity?
*hears another massive explosion* 10 seconds later *sirens are blazing through the street*
In for a great night with some great people
Gonna try to go see the weeknd I'm October
GET FUCKING IN CLINT DEMPSEY FUCK YES
I may or may not have just licked a little bowl clean that had some leftover Nutella in it.
aw shut up
\"I am so much more than in love with you\" I whisper to my tray of food
What a fucking goal!!!!!
He not even singing his song
I have too many blessings to be stressing.
People don't know what they know until they start talking.
Nigga said I met you in vine!!!!!!!
why people are so concerned about what I do in my life when it doesn't effect them what-so-ever
Kevin Hart play too much!!! He stealing th show
Guys that make girls feel so insecure about themselves disgust me
Diles que te amo como nadie te ama.
cant freaking wait for this journey concert
Chris rock is mad funny
5 hole on Romero
I'm really the black sheep in my family .
Yeah I'll live for your love, die for your love
Whaat? RT : Took her from the strip club &amp; off her back &amp; she sleeps on me with over 30 dudes even gay men.
Caught my second bus, too! All glory to .
I worked.my body to much yo
530am flight to DalHas to do get my dev on with how much Texas brisket can one SC boy eat in 24 hours...TBD
I hate you hardcore omg I want your dog to die if you have one. Your grandmother or something like no remorse I hate you
I find him so attractive omg !!
lmao was lebron really just crying?
She Hella Bragging
I'm not a Bionic Woman, I'm an Ironic Woman.
I knew we were gonna win when half through the 7th a bird poop on my foot
The idea that Beckerman and Jones were going to provide cover for Bradley doesn't quite work when he has to play 50-yd balls from his own 18
I love how energetic the futbol players are
I tweet whatever comes to mind lol
SOMEKNE SCORED I HEAR JT
wish I could watch this game right now instead of being on a smelly bus
I really do wish I could be contempt with having a normal life with a normal job... but that's just now me and I don't think it ever will be
NY has worn me out, I'm ready to be back in Philly already lol enjoyed myself though.
If not I'm screwed.
Getting a rash on my face smh. Thought it was pimples man smh.
Had the boss nigga wait a minute..
DID HE JUST SCORE THAT WITH HIS DICK
THIS will be a shit show!
Going ratchet to summer school cause idc anymore learsy is gone
My mind is telling me to go downstairs and get a snack my body.. My body is tellin me NO
My sister was so drunk last night that she ran into my room while I was sleeping and scared me so badly I almost threw up
Let's face it, Rand Paul does not like Dick Cheney.
ashanti's friends don't love her for letting her come looking like that
Shawty really got on Lebrons with a maxi dress. Wow.
We all have a moment. Those moments don't define us as human beings. But they are moments. Good\/bad\/ugly\/pretty.
Its takinh way to long right now to type correct tweets I'm out.
Just my luck. I would step in the gum I spit out
If you want a regular grl, I'm not the one ;;
Y El Karma Dice &lt;Todo lo Que Va Biene En Alqun Momento De La vida &gt;
EVERYONE FUCKING TWEET ME QUESTIONS OR SOMETHING IM BORED
Sex talks with my roommate gets me every time.
Regret letting my mom follow me on ig, she's stalking my shit od
I want to go to the beach and hear the sound of the waves crash on the shore
Words are one of the most powerful human tools.
Get your little buddies together. Call my wife a whore. I'll beat everyone's ass.
Emojis are racist. There are all sorts of sushi ones but zeros sandwiches.
Wow that got to me really bad
Come on, Navas. You've done a great job all game, keep it up
Creo que esto de tener novia y enamornarme no es lo mio porque siempre termino solo :c
No pierdas tu tiempo, no me vuelva a llamar ;)
I was unable to pick my sample this month b\/c the site was down and now everything is sold out. Huge bummer.
When you go to the hood for mad cheap and it still be hitting the spot
Contemplating whether or not I should join marching band
GOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
That's the first soccer goal I've ever seen live.
OMG FIFA fans are legit so intense it's scary
Want a friendship like Rico and Pedro
Who the fuck allowed Ben and I to still be friends?? This muther fucker is stoopid.
Is Norwood the DE on Friday Night Lights?!
Guess it's time for someone to say I told you so but that's not the case
Does anyone have a pair of red cowgirl boots?
Don't be a dumb ass. Get your shit together
The quesarito is a game changer.
No way did my stepdad just tell the guys sitting next too us that he \"can't wait till I being my wife home\" wtf currently sitting in the car
I'm about to make a pay pal now and not pay
JONESSSSSS WHAT A STRIKE!!!
in is the Truth. Best breakfast in world history
I'm A Boss Ass Bitch !
Can someone , anyone explain our concern and aid packages for the Middle East and yet the highest prided gasoline????
Yeah how many times have you said that lol @ you (:
why couldn't Kate just stay \"dead\" :(
For somebody to sell their soul they've gotta have one.
Ffuuuhhh bad luck!
i wanna make an ignorant ass mixtape
The Diane Sawyer, David Muir &amp; George Stephanopoulos anchor switch is one of the great broadcasting kabuki dance decisions ever.
Still don't understand how my brothers can call each other ugly and hideous. You're identical twins. Figure it out guys.
3 MINS TIL TEEN WOLF BRUH WHONIS READY FOR THIS
Nothing says sellout more than when vine famous people advertise for shitty iPhone apps.
I'd love to be a kardashian but at the same time I'd hate it
Sam Roberts band in buff tomorrow... u kiddin me
Congrats although I'm upset you didn't deliver an F-5 to Grande
holy balls next week will be amazing
in all seriousness who the hell listens to kidz bop
Why Wayne dreads look fake though
when your guy best friend sends you long ass good night messages &gt;&gt;&gt;
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x8
See I got a problem, N idk what do cause sex is always on my mind
Sooooo I've been on this plane for like 2 hours. Yayyy
Que bonito es lo bonito!
Free agent market seems extremely volatile right now, looking forward to seeing who ends up where and why.
Fuck all these teams .
Smh @ heat lmao
you can turn a piece of graphite into a diamond by applying a pressure of 100,000 atmospheres @ a temp of 3,000 Celsius.
The new 320 cell women's private prison is handed to Qld by the AG - Serco will now run Qlds 1st private women's prison Shameful
If I delete ya number then you off the grid
Busy work day. Had to settle for a 30 min style run! Back at the goods tomorrow!
I'm bad to the bone
Long as ma bitches luv me
may nakirta akong salagubang na maliit.. ang cute. *O*
how does someone throw a disus 205 feet
I tweet \"Messi score already\" and he scores lol
Andrew just ran around yelling in circles around the house bc of that goal
just casually throw on your bolo tie
Why. Do. You. Do. This. To. Me. Omg.
Took the best shower in my life fr
\"I hate when you wear basketball shorts. I also hate the way you put too much sugar in your Koolaid.\"
if you can't handle yourself when you drink, don't drink
I hate ignoring people but sometimes that's the only way
Mikey wanted my attention so he played Stood a Chance on his phone.
Me and my cousins are so different...
JHENE AIKO YAASSS SHE'S SO PRETTY AND HER VOICE IS BEAUTIFUL
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x3
What the hell is a big e? And what is ? ..lol..is big e a preacher?
Beach tomorrow anyone ?
Things are really cool.
The quickest goal of the 2014 World Cup so far!!
Colombia vs Belgium would be a dream final to see. So much pace and skill on both sides.
I decided that uhhh nah
You really did love me. I realize it now
Yet the challenges remain CDC's latest estimates, approximately 50,000 Americans become infected with HIV annually since 2008.
I wanna text oomf but I don't have your number
This could be us but your parents hate my tattoos and heard I have a motorcycle.
\"stop resisting\" lmao fuck cops fuck staff fuck everything fuck
And he brought up max because ...... ?
There's an owl outside my window
Tiny is auditioning to be the newest member of the Adams Family.
If you have a case on your iPhone you fugazy
Este Mundo Esta Llenos De cute gende Excepto Cunado Nos Las Imaginas Asiendo Sus Cochinadas Hhahahha *O*
Nothing worse than immediately sweating after getting out of the shower
What a rip!
Here we go- the journey continues. Wolves vs Hardyz
I don't want to be beautiful I just want to live a beautiful, rewarding, and meaningful life that touches others in a positive way.
What a rip.
Why is teen wolf so confusing.
free brownies at a restaurant because we work at camp!
My grandma has a pink iPhone. She is such a G.
If I could just get up and move I'd be out the door by morning
So no more old Derek or wahhh
I want some more eggs and hammit
TL been blowing up about no game no life so i'm gonna buy into the hype
Shit done even burn me anymore
I love how people refer to my curly hair as a lions maine &lt;3
I shld just sleep but the gyms screaming my name
TONIGHT IS A HUUUUUGE NIGHT ON INTERNET RADIO!! First check out REEL TALK w\/host Wes Clark aka Da Director EST on ...
Who made the keyboard in the order that it's in....
Dean is going rite after Seth Rollins
\"Look wht you done started\" \"look wht you done did\" \"look wht done did!\" Lol the way &amp;I talk lol (x
MLB time watching the yankees,Mets and ,Pirates game
Really ?!? You're gonna throw a commercial at me for deleting a station?!?!!!!
93% of the time, Gianna's snap chat stories are of me. Lol
Ghana si echauffement lagne toleu bign leini dougeul dagn am minute de retard
You're on a show called \"R&amp;B Divas\" clearly the title screams singing.. Where is your brain at
VOTE FOR PASTOR MIKE CONGRESSMAN IN DISTRICT 13...
i swear i am still speeding
I'm broke and ice cream is $7, help
LETS GO FRANCE! BENZEMA AND GRIENZMAN
I passive aggressively wait until the last minute to confirm my dentist appointments bc I hate them so much
Im really buying a transformers game on my phone
Don't get me wrong I'll always be a heat a heat fan but lebron needs to go back to red and yellow.
someone get me and two things of black hair dye pls
Finna pack a cone S\/O
Nothing like a girl who wears a pair of nikes
They are playing Elton John remixes in this gym. Who knew that you could play Crocodile Rock in so many keys.
So with delay and hack? Church lilu. We can pray there but sorry no shuffle.
Shame for italian racists. I'm proud to be italian like you. There in only one race. The human race.
Damn these niggas scored already?
Has anyone actually made bacon wrapped hot dogs? It seems to me the franks would get done before the bacon.
I liked Usher's performance !! He always gives a great performance .!he is amazing in concert !!
Oh boy Devon and Hillary are kissing.
It's the best feeling to see a prayer answered
I hope the best for you. But I'm not gonna lie, seeing that you're doing fine without me kills me.
\": 5.2% of the U.S. labor force consisted of undocumented immigrants in 2010 \"
We're moving!! I don't trust anything till we leave the ground though. We've had about 10 fake takeoffs so far.
Dude I'm seriously trying to go to Sonics and try there milkshakes
You can easily tell how much more these games mean to the smaller, weaker nations, England Spain Portugal etc should take notes
I see everyone's happiness; an wonder why
I want to watch 22 jump street again ...
Dempsey!!!! USA!! I believe that we will win! I believe that we will win!!
If I go anywhere later it'll be to my aunts backyard
Of course I pour my heart out to you and get no response. This is exactly why I keep everything in and keep to myself.
You don't see men giving up their seat for women often ..I just seen it happen twice ..lol maybe cause it's early ?
I wish i had a dog big enough to ride on
Quality talks with my mom are so relieving. We haven't had one in years.. But better late than never.
Remember the last time Morocco wanted to be part of the EU &amp; got rejected.Algeria will face the same rejection in their next match.
Day 1.at the.gdg.summit has been.A;mazing :-) great great organizers and googlers around! ThumbsUp :-)
He is definitely not at 100%
If loses tomorrow I'll probably cry.
I am crazy and outta my mind
Klu boton anda y lleva gita
I'm about to sleep naked cause it's hot as hell in my room and no one wants to turn in the fucking AC man
suckin the blue moon out of the orange
When you feel cold I warm you and when you can't go on I come and hold you! It's you and me forever!
Lol this season is about to be gay I bet.
I know you scared, you should ask us if we scared too
I will cry if my power goes out. I need my ac
Am I wrong, for thinking that we could something for real?
That was such a nice goal
Okay- it's not okay\rHave fun- don't have fun\rGoodnight- I'm not tired, you just don't get it \rK bye- I mean I guess
I do not fuck with thunder and lightning
I think it's perfectly fine to cry at least once a month to ensure wellness.
Can't believe made me ride he mechanical bull
woah wtf USA way to be scoring a goal in the first 40 seconds
H LEELP ME. C THEYR EBINF MEAN TK CHILTO
Cornhole tournaments, cooking out, bonfires, fireworks around the lake, night swimming... is 4th of July better anywhere but here?
If you can't see it, it won't hurt you
Why the fuck did 15 people follow me randomly just now?
The national anthem. What a joke
USA USA USA MY DUDE DEMPSEY
Someone come peel the middle of my back. Please
That coffee wasn't even that good like I was just experimenting with flavors it just tasted like pure sugar in a cup
Tonight has literally been the best night in such a long time
Can we consider this a repeat for SA, it was THAT big an ass whoopin
Ramadan I am ready for you!
I think it's funny when the Jew gets shot from the balcony Tbh
I don't wanna wait until next Monday to watch teen wolf again fml
i feel that if i talk to people that im just gon annoy them
I need that spray to help me get out of bed
Wish was running during . Not looking forward to 's 800 bus :-(
If the whole world was blind, how manny people would they impress?
If one of my soccer girls went down like that id probably die
you know what I'm glad my thighs are huge cause they're always there to catch the food that fall on my lap
I officially want to kill myself bc I am not prepared for Season 4 of and I only watched half of the premiere.
Been over RT Game is over now.
My back is deadass killing me
I want a iced coffee from Dunkin donuts
Now we got the momentum to get another
Was that cher playing in a bar?!?
You can make fun of what Lorde does with her body when she performs all you want, y'all have no idea how it feels to be singing on stage
I can't sleep, why the fuck are there so many bugs in my room
Catherine oleary is herey and missy fitted are blowin up my mentions as if I was one of the reaaaAAll boyyZs
I'm gettin so good with putting on eye liner. My eye liners on point
wow , I really never meant anything to you
You sub me and I favorite it and act like is not for me
Omg omg omg found Alexander Skarsgards brother Bill Skarsgard in . Time for new crushin'
2 nips buys 2 piercings equals 1 whole crawf
I saw you at the concert yesterday but you were a few ppl deep from me lol
It's sad that I rarely spend time with people my own age anymore.
los requete amosss Muchas muchas felicidades muakk
AHHHHHHHH ITS TIEDDDDD!!!!!
would enjoy having a bae
there are two types of women in the world; ones who stress about doing the right thing, and ones that are cool
Regarder le match des USA en Californie avec des publicitaires de Dailymotion et Google
Watching the vs match! Go France!
I park a literal 10miles away from other cars when I drive my Beamer.
So every year one of the Spanish giants just buys the best player from England. This is so stupid they have to run out of money eventually
I dont even think the newest could've pulled off that goal just scored by the player!
Shout out to all the ABG's in San Jose today.
She wanted to neck it a couple days ago...lmao
If you don't like rock music..we can't date
I wanna sit out in the middle of no where with you...
Chuze first before you Luze worse
Baby you a song you make me wanna roll my windows down and cruisssseeee
When people call me by X, Xay, Javi, Javier, Xav, or J. Like no bitch, my name is Xavier.
NO JOSIE NO!!!!
why is this the first time they've shown dude dressed as teddy Roosevelt from his rough rider days? ESPN I expect better of you
A Fault in are stars has me in tears\n
AND SHE ACTUALLY MEANT WHAT THE FUCK
Wonder how they'll dump Lin and pick up Lowery along with James or Melo
\"Watch my little pony friendship is magic\"-Tyler from the yearbook
Girls have to face the fact, if you have an \" Ass\" guys will obviously look at cho booty.
to many peoples Birthday with the name Isahia today
Speaking of which Happy Birthday to my all American girl
Get to 100k she is super close
Fav for a goodnight DM in a lil
My sister used to lie to me and tell me the fireworks were for her, happy bday sis and happy bday AMERICA !!!
So proud of --
Why did I decide to join a girl cult
My mom just told that I need to find a rich boyfriend that lives near the beach
\": Before this gets out to the media, I would like to announce to my fans that I am pregnant \" what??? omgooddd
She asks me if i do it everyday, and i say oftenn
Very excited to meet chano the kitten
A Twitter account dedicated to \"teen quotes\" sounds about as inspirational as a suicide assurance hotline.
Was at your house the other day . You n oomf a good look
Tommy was numb...Tommy's got a gun...Damn
Clint Fucking Dempsey in the 1'
The only time we really talk is when our clothes is falling off
So lemme guess jameer nelson goin to the heat now, i mean heatles
SUPER OBSESSED WITH ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK
I spent $40 this whole weekend. Everything else was either pre purchased or bought for me. I'm so thankful.
Yeah, it's looking real grim for this one...
Anyone want to go see Collie Buddz at Pier 83 in NYC July 9th? hmu
Sky F Elena Delle Donne returned to the lineup on Wednesday and had 13 points and 4 rebounds.
As sentencing was handed down Rolf wasn't paying attention. His ears pricked up at '5 years 9 months' &amp; he said 'mmm delightful'
The things I'd do for Taco Bell rn
And the whole bar started cheering.
Damn, I got ink on my bed covers and pillow lol
I don't care if you come back to me on your knees, just don't love you no more.
What I'm sayin' is, this is the anthem THROW ALL HANDS UP.
My phone is on life support, and I can't pull the plug
Idk why but that pissed me off soooo much
BETTER THAN MESSIS GOAL
She had a tattoo on her neck and a ring in her tongue and some tight little pants
you better act like you know.
If you're not drinking rn you're a foreigner
I sorta feel like a part of me is missing..... Oh that's right cause I just left it in Pleasanton.
Your never the reason for my pain.
Lord, not another round of penalties. My nerves can't take it. Score !
Updated my handle to and changed my profile pic. Gotta stay consistent.
Each one of my friends will get a very long text before graduation tomorrow so be prepared
Acting hella different!!! Okay I see you.
Should of been back to back for the Spurs
About to just get a 8th for the day
I need to stop letting people treat me like shit
If I could unmeet some people....... I would.
Someone wanna hang?
She got that ass, I got to look.
There was this time some bitch texted my ex phone while we was looking through his phone
I wish i could leave me house rn
\"Where's the damn pause button?\"\n*Starts microwaving popcorn*.\n\n*calls Wendy's because we have found beef*
I don't wanna see my Mommom cry.
My milk tea cravings are not going awaaaayyyyy
I've been playing for 2 hours and mikey already fucked up 4 relationships...
Damn I'm hungry....but just don't want to get up
You're stupid af I just can't even
It's crazy how much has changed since high school!
Merieles really cost Portugal chale.... USA controlling midfield now
La sorpresa de mundial
\": all your tweets are based off of our conversations LMAO\" JUST REALIZED THIS LOL
it's something I relate to\nyour gift of nonchalance
Anyone in wanna join me for weekend tomorrow or Sunday? Don't wanna go alone
If you don't want me somebody else will.
holidays just aren't the same anymore w out my pop around and my parents being split
Damn this could've been Falcaos World Cup
Den Argentinska restaurangen var full, men det var nog bra. Hittat ett guldkorn.
New Song ztitleis1(O) \"FramedByTheSystem\"
Between your stupid attitude and your huge mouth.. You like to ruin everything..
Y argentina saca la cara por Latinoamerica este dia
Khaleesi is becoming my top woman crush which I never thought someone would beat Miley
Lol jk it was kinda sad seeing her mouth bleed haha
And if I lose my mental just hold my hand even if you don't understand
my doctor asked me if my color came from my father, with a follow up question asked what part of the Middle East I was from
mom doesnt answer her phone when i call but answers a in a group text directly after. hint taken
Tell me what you think about when you can't sleep at night
Watching the Jimmy Neutron movie really brings me back
Happy two months \nIt's amazing that I haven't thought about committing once
atta boy Ronaldo
Strange behavior by a Franklin Councilman towards the local police is boggling the town! Answer is to elect Democrat Pat Rowette !
HOW DID CRISTIANO RONALDO MISS THAT
Two boys in a cube screaming USA !!!
This girl is tripping if she thinks I'm going to give her fully edited photos without paying me
Hoes will forever be the ones pushing a relationship with me, but with women I gotta do the pushing &amp; that ain't me tbh
been 14 years since i've been living in my house
Oh god. This could be one of the stupidest or smartest things I've ever done.
All 29 teams and the Commissioner were booed.
Welll.. I was good.. Stayed in.. Still up all night and got to see sunrise at least.. Damn u insomnia and hulu too assist keeping me busy!
When I told this nigga to gtfo of mine and my daughters life, I really meant it.
\"Swear to god I just wanna see ya sexy ass happy\"
I naturally mug people without even knowing. Oops.
honestly think penalty shots and kicks are an awful way to end a game
with ! !!
people with alarm noises as your ringtone, stop
Andrew Luck only at number 30?!?!? He has thrown for over 8,000 yards in only 2 seasons and has revived his franchise!
Can you unsend snapchats if they aren't looked at.
Sometimes i follow people because theyre pretty :*
Hard to differ but Mello seems to be indeed landing in Hollywood and pairing up with his buddy ..I prefer LBJ but $$$ is an issue.
Woe lol I live in old Perris
Lol you can't expect me to take you serious, smh.
Manu. Holy shit
Yep I just outdid myself. Only missing one thing...
but like my friends birthday was today
Gn beautiful children I need rest if I wanna be a summer school scholar
i hope i have time to stop for some cafe
About to be a good ass game !
I dont follow back just add to the fact that most of my followers are rappers and are gonna keep buggin for free beats , i still love yall
I just deleted apps on my phone that I haven't touched since freshman year...
honestly if I have a good proctor and no one in this honors class helps me out I'm going to be TIGHT
sara jus killed a bug the size of Africa, that's wassup
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE ARGENTINA LIONEL MESSI ARGENTINA 2 BOSNIA 0
Okay I'm ready for your next EP now!!
He has drained every bit of energy I have for the night ... Good night.
Lol and thats why you strech
por que se tienen que llamar todos ezekiel
Time couldn't move slower right now
I love it wen I see old friends wen I go out.
Should I wear pants or a dress tomorrow?
I just saw: Tinashe, Domo Genesis, Flatbush Zombies, A$AP Ferg, Ab-Soul, Action Bronson, A$AP Rocky, and Schoolboy Q. \nAll for 35 dollars.
If someone wants to put in effort to keep my around then they will. If not I'm not pressed to keep anyone in my life.
Alex we are in a boat
I wish I had my own room at school
That can't be Garth Snow. His shoulder pads are too small.
Baby Gareth just fell asleep but he'll be up again in an hour or so.
Once again the night ends like this 5thx
Ay check what time I take my test tomorrow
Bitches that I fuck don't get degrees, but they can dress
I hope the Facebook experiment leads to regulations around terms of service agreements. It's impossible to know what you're agreeing to.
I hope kawhi Leonard wins MVP tonight
Rindu kawan aku zaman primary school. Please come back.
CUDDLE ME RIGHT NOW YOU FUCKEN BITCH
So tell me where it's at and I'm in that spotttt
\": International friendly against Venezuela tonight. Really excited for this match.\" Good luck
Can I just go to college but still act like a kid?
I love getting sick over the course of one day....
your hand fits in mine like its made just for mee
I've made so much bank this week holy shit..
Action Bronson just showed up.\nHe must have started making his way over here yesterday.\n(He's fat)
So I'm gonna watch TFIOS... I just put make up on for the first time in a week. I AM NOT ABOUT TO CRY IT OFF!
I'm really upset with quite a few people. Do friendships mean so little that you'd rather just be mad &amp;not solve problems?not a mind reader
Good times with my favorite type of nerds!
I am fckn in love with my parents. Forever yours momma and daddy.
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink.
Messi is love Messi is life
I'm laying on my bed in my underwear and a camo tank. This is pretty much what America is about
I ain't watched the boondocks in a min needa catch up
Everyone is a hypocrite but some people just be doing the MF most.
Clint Dempseys nose went from El Camino Real to Lombard street real quick.
So all Vandy ppl in NYC, happy hour tomorrow or nah!?!?!
beach hoo da fak doo yoo lav hahah
No Jozy no ...
So, a question.\nWhy hasn't anyone made a Dragon Priest Account yet? There are 8 of them waiting to be used lol
If your Methodist &amp; has been to any koto fkatahataha in EPA, NO LIE tre5 shuts it down ALL the time
if it wasnt raining today would be so fun
Where the hoes at!? Where the at?!
\": Why do girls travel in odd numbers?\n\nBecause they literally can't even\"
Oh that was gnarly
I don't think making people jealous on purpose is cute. it's probably the most annoying thing ever
\": My dream is to be successful\"
just gotta get thru tomorrow &amp; then it's all over
I've always loved you. I still do. and honestly, I don't want to stop.
hey mom just because you're pms'ing doesn't mean you have to be a dumb bitch!!!
And I'm not in fatuated , there's nothing going on between me &amp; you
friends that are only there when they need you &lt;&lt;
Also, BYE FIRST PLACE SOLO SPOT.
Kiona leaves in 6 hours ):
Not even mad we are losing lol i thought i would be but nah im not thats strange, the spurs deserve this
Along with the like button on Facebook there should be a shut up button
Off tomorrow and going to the dmv finally
\"he just tipped his fedora and jumped into the friendzone\"
If i stopped eating out id be a millionaire by now
too fake is such a good song, i miss chiddy bang.
Why are there 4 states that ban fireworks? Why is New York one of them?
The \"I need to talk to you\" text will make a guy think he's about to be a father and we ain't even done nothing yet
Happy 4th of July!! Let's go Deutschland!!
Learning all the cool secrets about Centennial Hall.
the pain I have to go through just to have straight teeth is unbearable
96 hours of cheer at uc Davis in 100 degree weather does not sound very good to me... dreading cheer camp tbh
Ghana just got hit in the face. By freedom.
Nooo... I've missed half of with :(
But the bible has obvi been tampered woth
Life has a weird way of showing you what you really need and what you don't
Least im not light skin af hahaha
i get irritated just thinking about it wow
I wish happy Ramadan to everyone who is celebrating..
I need to hire someone to manage my twitter. I'm a busy person people.
Of course, messi
Can't sleep now, friends is on !
Sometimes it's not what, but who....&amp; not when, but where....
That was hella fast lol
\"Fuck cereal I need meat. Maybe if they had meaty pebbles or something\" -
fans in europe, i know you love me....\nplease tweet me...\nor twitter will delete you in germany..\nto got 2 roll me&amp; tweet me..\ntumbling dice
Did elikem from big brother design ghana's jersey cos im so confused
I love going over to my Tia's for dinner
18 miles. 22 miles. What's the difference? Ha! run
in need of the aloha yoda vans
Nothing like a post beach shower
\"I'll check the weather wherever you are, cause I wanna know if you can see the stars tonight.\"
Play my own hand not the cards I was dealt. \n18 that pain I felt, \nA rusty knife in the back, blood spilt.
\": Glad I can just chill and relax tonight\" just eat and sleep bb no worries
Having that one friend that understands your feelings &gt;&gt;
Anytime I hear sometime around midnight I just think of bein slightly drunk in dorm playin guitar tryin to figur out the words
Don't give a fuck where I am in the world I still love beans on toast
GINOBLI OBLI OBLI
I really don't mind Beasley.. I like him a lot on miami
New kids on the block had a bunch of hits, Chinese food makes me sick, and I think its fly when girls stop by for the summer, for the summer
Currently dying of laughter because my brother just came over to me and started petting my head
When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more
Volleyball starts tomorrow and I'm fucking phyced.
My love for you was bullet proof but you're the one who shot me
I hope this is the year for Kofi Kingston to win the money in the bank contact. Come on Kofi
Omgomgomg almost only 3 months till october ! &lt;3
The last thing I want to do is work tn
They never eat their meals on dates
If I don't go to bed drunk as fuck tonight I'm gonna be pissed.
I swear we are the last school to get out
My mom is a huge fan of 's photography
Believe me when I tell ya.. Lol today has been a lonnggggg day for me.
Beer discovery of the year so far is Not just for being 1st brewery in Brooklyn in 9 years but because their beers are awesome
A good thigh tat always looks great in a singlet
proud 2 b american
What kind of beautiful magical projectile motion was that?!
I was just bout to tweet something bad bout messi
I had hopes but fuck hopes
son ima go into this scheme regents tm on 2 hours of sleep
If you're constantly trying to prove your worth to someone then you have already forgotten your value
my life is so much better without you
Why the fuck is Phoenix Wiggles at my house hanging out with my brother??
Nothing screams \"America\" more than flipping on the TV &amp; catching an episode of
SHE SLEEPS ALIVE AND MY HEART WANTS TO COME HOME
\": pag gising mo ganito, Oh anak, gising ka na pala, eto pera, may gala yata kayo ng mga barkada mo mamaya.\"
I want you to need me
If you rt stupid things I will unfollow you??
Turkiye adli systemi, systematic olarak med-cezir. Biri tutmus oteki pisirmis derken hani bana hani bana.
Chris Bosh - Great basketball player. Bad clairvoyant.
You needa get the fuck off my mind
Manu you balding bitch how you that nice
Raquel is helping and digging for info... No good.
I feel sooo cool driving my moms car
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn\nWith the ink, I could murder word to my nigga
So what do long islanders do on Sunday nights
I wanna see the ghost of mtn mikes. Cmonn, ghost. Cunt. Lol
This guy was so hot I couldnt tell you how hot he was just mmmff
These Jamaican boys be shocked when I talk there talk
I'm such a i dont even do my hair when i go out lol
Messi !!! Goal !!
Good to every1 taking the regent may god be with u
You just clique with some people.
\"I like watching cartoons and smoking pot\"
Somewhere in Sacramento parked in a sketchy ass parking lot with crazy winds. Officially my least favorite part of this tour.
Whoomp there it is
i never thought i would need you there when i cried
Still in absolute shock about that save by Portugal's defender!!
Working out at home isnt the same.
No one makes Clint Dempsey bleed his own blood
Pharrel got on Ugg boots?
Nobody is beating tonight especially not a country with two names.
Cant wait for football season to start aint nun to watch on tv
Watching a lot of Ed, Edd n Eddy + The Grim Adventures of Billy &amp; Mandy lately makes me realize how fucked up these shows actually were
Could it like not rain tomorrow orrrr...
I've been waiting for somebody like you
i just deleted my IG haha
I just wanna chill, as cute as she is i don't want a relationship.
Since I've woke up today has been shitty except for the 5 minutes where the one person I needed to call me called me
steven embarrassing the hell out of me.
complaining for what lol y'all knew
Wish I was on my way to Jersey already!!!
headache is going strong because I'm an idiot and decided to catch up on pretty little liars instead of turning off my laptop
I had to peep that story a couple of times
Iggy can't sing but she's great looking
Scared cause not a single car on the road and I'm lost
If Melo goes to Miami lebron will get six rings
They hadda take off nani and shadow.
When 10 PM comes my life is complete
i only like guys under 5'8
Being real to ppl is your best option in this world
Locked out of our room at 1 in the morning... orientation going well
The have signed former Pro Bowl S Adrian Wilson.
I missed Jessica and Amanda too much
If you gotta depend on make up 24\/7 I feel sorry for you
Tuned N2 xtreme104fm wit the fam
I just turned my brightness on for the first time in maddddd long
So much to do but so little time
I'm so out of it rn
don't even have to watch the World Cup everyone's tweeting about it
I get high to balance my lows
\"Forget herb. I never heard of a hit that had the word 'herb' in it.\" Dustin Hoffman as Chuck. (Gather 'round, folks.)
Dear ,\nEvery time your anti-smoking commercials come on it makes me crave a cigarette. Stop sucking at your job.
I miss living less than a mile from the beach
Putting hard drugs in all your babies carriages
Got a B in my polisci class!! Definitely thought I was going to be getting a C
jk cops are good ppl lol fuck every1 that says fuck cops cuz they jus doin their job
I literally laugh when I see people that knowingly cheat on significant others tweet about being faithful. LOL.
I'm freezing and can't stop shivering
How many bae's do you have lol?
Best thing about here is the lazy rivaaa
I'm happy teddy Roosevelt made it out to tonight's soccer match
Its not fair \nWhere I'm standing
Today is \"el dia de joder\" with the phone calls at work -_- fucking migrane
These people on catfish really do it to themselves come on now
lol yo my friends be having me cryin cause of what they say
Worst hangover ever, holy crap, never again
Crying bc of what a bad day I've had and there's no food in the house
My problem is that even when I hate you, I love you.
Date supposed to be here in 3 mins *ok*
My brother takes all my clothes and he stole 3 $40 shirts that I paid for, PAC sun ain't cheap homie
SPANISH IS SO TERRIBLE ITS GOING TO RUIN MY LIFE
I swear I'll never be happy again, and don't you dare say we can just be friends
I think I finally understand what it means to be free.
Started high school with a crew, and leaving high school with a few.
I can't smoke in my rental so I literally hang out my window lol
Bahaha my grandma keeps telling me not to bring any dogs (boys) home from Mexico. LMAO
If you play with my hair ... I love you
Someone come to the movies with me
I like this kid. He is so weird.
There are some times where I just can't help but think we are going to be a dangerous team this year
Sun on my back, Coors in my hand, on the TV. The world is ok.
What a finish!!!!!!
People who think Kevin Hart is funny upset me
Have you ever noticed how lame\/corny\/disingenuous your own sincerity sounds sometimes?
Hablemos del caballero que me acaba de ligar mis nalgas.
Oh you mad because nobody ever did it like me ?
drowned, thank you kate for help me to the surface while everyone ignored as a drowned
Currently trolling for the first time ever :(
Flexing and finessin thats what i be doing lol.
Went for a drive but still not feeling better
Oh my bitch, your just so dirty.
I really got mixed feelings about staying in Jersey for the whole summer . .
Was hoping to pass out once i got home nope wide awake..
I'm soooooo confused at teen wolf rn
\"Halki phulki jamhooriat mein halka phulka \" - unknown.
I think I'm going to turn my phone off and walk off the falls :(
i literally dont talk to anyone unless they talk to me first
U S FUCKING A
\": I bought my ex free runs.... she fucks my day1 nigga now...\"at least he asked you
I still need to travel to Spain, Europe and Australia
Oh, okay. Michael \"Strapping Hunk\" Morse is playing 1st baseman for this game. He was struggling in left field. This is better for him.
USA is getting beat to hell this match.
....Thankful for Another Beautiful Day! XOXOX
HOLY CRAP. Just saw the pitch Rizzo homered on. That was so far outside.
LA COCHA DE SU MADREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
LOL! They really just let Bosh shoot an open three. And he bricked it
my mom just told me to go home
Probably not the best idea to wear a dress to an amusement park
If your not watching the World Cup in Spanish your not doing it right
Drunk on a plane\nMeanwhile back at mamas\nYeah \nReady set roll\nBartender \nWhere it's at
This year was the best year I've ever had .
Ew I did not miss this heat in Tahoe
Some guy just complained that there were kids playing basketball on the basketball courts..idk
There were just two smoking weed and taking selfies in Riveraide Park.
GREAAAAAAT WOKE UP TO BURST PIPES IN MY BATHROOM I LOVE YOU NEW YORK.
Okay so now they're singing along
Don't you get it, we can do this. For the rest of our lives, it's ours. Take advantage.
argentina whats going on?!
Exaggerated stereotypes in the last vine HAhahaah wow.
I don't get high to escape my problems, I get high so they don't bother me as much, there's a difference.
People have no idea the truth and they sell themselves a lie.
Y q todo lo q vivimos es un reto que Dios nos tiene para nosotros
Gym grind was spectacular this morning
I meant yes I just didn't come out right
I need a free gas for life pass
Confidence will take you a long way if you ain't got that then you lost already
Put in Wondo
Pobre marina che ojala que aparesca, me re preocupo todo esto
And then there's dad like, \"Who cares?\" While mom tries to throw guilt trips at everyone in this house lmao
Life a bitch but she my bitch
Lmao you know a bitch is in a bad place when she says she hates eating.
Just cause u can't swim don't mean I gotta babysit u tf bitch?
I wanna see Kill Paris again ugh
I guess I'm the cause for all this?
No better way to celebrate than giving your full throated support to another country.
Seriously the best part of my night. Hahahaha
Swagg makes you look like a child &amp; class makes you look grown. Lesson is the clothes don't make the person.
I'm bored need some type of entertainment
Why can't they just make people perform? Just stop talking
I don't want to be home anymore. I can't take this bullshit anymore.
I hope everyone is ready for a patriotic party because Mom's on Pinterest again
I thought she was boutta shout
Friend selling a wii for $80 that can also play n64 games. Let me know if you are interested.
IM CALLING IT. THIS BITCH KATE BOUT TO FUCK SHIT UP. YOU KNOW SHE PISSED.
I have to go to King of the Fall!!!
\"Don't look at me! I'm an ugly crier!\"
.can you work? Or not have a monopoly in NYC and let someone else do it better?
That shit got me thinking
Holiday, gordon, anderson, davis, asik. If they were in the east they would be a lock for the playoffs
Beautiful day for a double celebration!!
It's pretty sad that I had to text my sisters to remind them to text their own dad on Father's Day.
Happy 238 birthday America, the best damn country in the whole fucking world
can someone make my summer less boring please
\": \": \nThanks, I'm tired of losing. This must be what it feels like to be a Raiders fan!\" LOL
Fuck the fame! \nAm all about the cash!
making pancakes for breakfast and almost called them pancocks infront of my entire fam.... thanks
Mosquitos have no respect for me
Wtf why I don't sit in the backseats more I can lay down
I honestly wouldn't care if Melo left the Knicks. We can't win with him, and we can't win without him lol
Whew! All in about one week: summit, , research conference.
trus yg ga bsa d'beli paan? RT : permen bisa beli sih ka. RT : ksh permen RT Yesikampret2: aku dikasih apaa RT\"
It's like Christmas all over again tonight! Go check FB
Liking this new game twist! And a NEW game finally!
4000 dolla discount outta the 40 doe LMAO wow
Jordan's so busy on twitter she won't even text me back :-(
Ill be different\nI think ill be different\nI hope im not different
I saw sooooo many weird people at work tonight
These home cooked meals have me feigning for more
At this point I just wanna get home
The curiosity side of me want to go check out those noises
I wish I could have a conversation with a couple of my high school teachers.
Some people need to keep their comments to theirselves bc most people give zero shits about what they have to say.
Parents need to understand that not everyone likes to wear pants 24\/7
I want to turn up my music but it's 1 in the morning so that's a no
Makin moves! Tryna be moved out by the end of July - middle of August by the laaaaatest.
My manager is probably the shotest human being alive
CLINT DEMPSEY 81 FIFA RATING WHAT
I stay wondering what my name is in peoples phones...
What a beautiful start! USA! USA! USA!
Today at work is going to be a living hell.
Hard with zero style
Lol hey do you know what really fucking blows? Hahaha everything hahaha
\"omg its my bday!!xD\" *changes name 2 bday princess\"
My heart is pumping so hard
How to look cute tonight without showing off my SUUUPER cute sun burn
Probs the longest day of my life
I wonder how many nudes Kevin Jonas has got since he released his snapchat
Apparently it runs in the family to get in car accidents with illegal immigrants and then have them deported
I swear this boy ain't shit
Ya I'm nasty I know you like it
Spending a day retreating with NYC women thanks to Tea + Purpose: the Summer Hiatus!
Condoms are like prostitutes because you pay for them for sex
Miss Andy already. I'll see him in August, tooooo far away :(
Can I go to sleep now
How come all you clowns don't go this crazy when Joey Chestnut reps USA during the world hot dog eating contest. It's just as entertaining
I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. \"Alright, get in the basket\"
I love how my dad sets up all my car appts.
Pharrell hadda mention his performance everybody forgot about it after usher
Outside getting some hair
but omg, me &amp; joe looked wayyy to much alike
those cleats are beautifulllll
some of your ego's don't even match your appearance. don't be so deceiving. be honest. be u.
If this other ear bud goes out I will cry my eyes out
I mean if I saw a closet door open by myself I'd run the fuck outa there not peep in and say \"hello how are ya\"
I'm exhausted from running down aisles in the mall shops
My dress just went up to my collarbone so you could say everyone at Penn Station got the thrill of their lifetime
Bouta be wit sum faggots and play manhunt cause I got nothing else to do
Steer horns on my Prius y\/n
880 mobbin percs got me noddin
Mom bought Thot juice she's a Thot now
We built this city on rock and roll
Me dieron ganas de salir a rodar por haii!!!
Doing a resume is so hard I have no qualifications and I achieve at drinking
I stuck around I was a fool for you.
I didn't get one bug bite the entire time I was in Oregon. Been back in NY for a total of two days and I'm covered.
Way to in love with Eli young band
Happy Birthday America! I didn't get you anything
It's 12:25 and we are taking on heavy water
The 1994 US-hosted was a novelty, not many places to watch it. Today I saw in hospital's waiting room, a resto &amp; cafe.
I've been buying incredibly cute dresses and shoes lately so you should either a) take me on a date or b) just fucking hang out with me.
Lil nigga kick rocks if ya can't hang
Oh get up
Autocorrect always screws my tweets up.
\"So excited for the straight parade today!\" Like that would just be stupid
Question of the day: Who is Hannah May rooting for in the World Cup tonight?
I got the vest bc I could probably get one of the fob pullovers at a show in my own state so it would kinda say my state
I wanna call you but I know you won't answer. This is killing me. :(
I've had enough family time for at least a month
le pueden quitar todo, pero menos el recuerdo de sus labios.
Looking like a bag of money
It's crazy cause people really be thinking I talk to a lot of people, my phone be so fucking dry yo
I have decided. I love Dutch House.
I swear saige finds the only friends I actually like on Instagram and unfollows them.
\"The only thing I want between our relationship is latex\"-Ben
Can we fast-forward til you go down on me.
Jones &gt; Ronaldo
I love saying Ballotelli in a British accent
Ahhh that probally hurt
I think I just gave myself a concussion. Ow
Coffee and bogeys are what make my life amazing
The sky looks terrifying right now
I cant believe the love is turning 21 kill me now
Tbh I got a booty pic but it's on lock down like security code
Shaq's new commercials are so embarrassing
Honesty I don't miss Rit one bit. I'm realizing how much I actually did miss everyone from home and having a real job
\": There is a sport called Basketball where we dominate.\" You mean used to, right?
we all judging everyone on the BET awards like they dont make 483382 times more money than us and our opinions even count lmfao
United States Men's National Team
Goodmorning tho I got to work first than my boss. Its gonna be a good day
My mama friend need to go home... it's about that timeeee.
Smile more, kiss often, hug longer, love unconditionally, pray always, &amp; forgive b 4 it's 2 late...
The Mexican joint I'm going to is called Tolache or something. I don't speak Mexican so I don't know what that means.
Both intense games my heart couldn't keep up
Scandal is ma shit
Hey Alyssa Collins, next time you key someone's brand new car make sure you do it right. Compounded that shit right out ya dumb bitch.
You can be a softer smoother more beautiful little armpit
NUNS ON BIKES THERE ARE NUNS ON BIKES
Just saw a man seeking revenge by putting a watermelon behind someone's tire
Omg!!!! Goaaaaaaaaaaaaal !!
If your avi isn't clear and you have no selfies you are loosing...
Eso no era amarilla! Juez!
I'm from the Bay where these niggas get their swag &amp; lingo from .
WOOOOO!!!! LET'S GO BABY!! 10 MORE MINUTES AND WE ADVANCE!
El sentido a la vida hay que buscarselo en algo o en alguien dia a dia.
\": how'd my best friend become such a strangeerrrrrr\" RT
bitches kill me thinking they cute. naw, you really thought tights were apart of an outfit.
I'm the screenshot queen. Yes I still screenshot and send it to my friends. And yes we laugh
new week, new month, same ole fuckin shit. burn it all down to the ground.
Argentina is in the easiest group
World Cup shoot outs are the best shoot outs.
I've had such a shitty day but Wilfred is on so everything is okay
I'm going to Colorado soon ayyy lol
Now we have to keep the fucking momentum
I ain't even playing. my life fell apart in highschool haha bad
Haaaaaaa nice shot renaldo
I honestly hate soccer so much hahahaha
Coworker: \"How was your weekend?\"\n\nMe: \"I've seen some shit.\"\n\n
She ain't got it and I ain't tryna have it
All the sudden my phone wants to be gay af
There's a difference between being a caring person and actually caring
If I've been texting you all day, towards nighttime is when I start getting really boring and I really apologize for that.
Love my new pen pal got your letter today sis! I just posted one back to you :)
Oh Helllllllllllll Nooooooo! LE ME FIND OUT GINOBLI GOT BOUNCE!
Beneath a moonless sky Is literally my jam
When u say \"i need you\" just kno its real &amp; its about to go down !!!
Gettin serious again
If u live in Sacramento tell every radio station to play single . ahhhh we have to make this happen
So what but I still want a son and naaji wants a whole tribe of Africans \": you dont even like kids\"
Diets don't exist on Sunday
It's still early. No worries
Been writing a movie about a coffee stirrer that dreams of moving to the big city and becoming a straw.
30. Seconds. In.
WTF I think I just had a heart attack
Ion wanna fight I just wanna quiet life
Yall get me! I love SVU fans.
The downsides of Bobby Santiago: his snoring and lack of affection towards me
There is a fucking crying baby on the bus and I been on it for over 40 mins stuck in traffic. STFU!!!
Fucking swirls..my gm is so awesome ;)
This is what its all about. One run lead, bottom of the 9th, championship on the line. Let's do this !
I need more shirts and ties and bow ties.
Cuando justin esta aburrido entra a twitter Les da favs a tweets acerca de shots y por si acaso hace tweet spree Triste No?
I honestly had no idea there even was a hurricane Arthur up until yesterday
I think going to a rave would be so much fun, but please please keep those bead bracelet things away from me.
Anyone wanna wake and bake?
I look over and Corey's crying then the movie ends and I'm crying and he calls me a pussy. Kk
Why didn't you just read my damn text?!
If there could be no bullshit involved that would be lovely
Quality weekend at the
Feels so good to finally be in my own bed right now
Lol nothing sucks more than having a runny nose and then beginning to cry because now THERES SNOT EVERYWHERE UGHHHHHHJJJ
2 nights in a row where i sleep for two hours then im wide awake
So into their feelings , but have no time to care about other peoples feelings .
I miss my cousin Kemia Kyser.
Benzino need to leave her thotty ass
I really hope Ochoa gets signed to a big club. Him and James Rodriguez are two players that stood out and deserve that in this cup
Jesus fucking Christ can one thing go right. Is it possible? I'm dying to know
Not 15 seconds after arriving from Santa Barbara, my daughter spouts the company line \"wine flows glue around here.\"
Since LeBronze thinks he's Jordan, after he loses this Finals, he should go play another sport. He'd be good at soccer the way he flopps!
Put yaw pride pics up I wanna know who I seen
In real life I'm way too nice..... I just play a b@$\/\" on TV.....
Why did my mom have to pause the game
Just destroyed my girlfriends bathroom. sorry babe.
The only girl I will trust is my moms .
&gt; loves photography and photojournalism. Great passion and joy. Always enjoy your wonderful comments. Please share with others.
I figured it out!!! guys don't talk to me bc I laugh in public and it's so ugly they're just like \"nope nope nope nope\"
Por fin tengo aire acondicionado !!! Yayyy hahaha
Maybe if I go to sleep I won't be so hungry
I wish you can review the pictures people screenshot on snap chat
Going through major withdrawal because I'm trying to keep the On The Run tour a surprise. But the Bey updates follow me eveywhereeee
It couldn't be a more perfect evening to see at Central Park .
Working in the city makes me hate it
Uh, Sabean NEEDS to replace Cain. Hello? : Make it 3-0 as Medica comes through for the with a 2-out, RBI double.
I corrected that tweet like five times, but autocorrect still messed it up. Frick it
Don't play with my emotions.
Happy birthday you crazy cat
For Everytime you act like a douche imma just think of a good memory we've had together
At Gogo Pho, during the duration of your meal, you will hear top 40 from this decade and the last, 3 other genres, and some canto pop too!
BUT SIMCE WHEN DO YOU HAVE TO MAKE SENSE WHEN YOU MAKE CENTS!!!!!!!?!?!????
Abel's gonna be back in NY this SEPT!!!
Most underrated qb in the nfl is andy dalton hands down
On the Spanish regent I had to write a composition &amp; I wrote that I was driving to the beach &amp; cow jumped through my windshield wtf was I on
My biggest fear is being forgotten by the people who I could never forget
tbh I WILL NOT eat macaroni unless its from kfc. I hate macaroni otherwise.
I'll visit you :) RT\": How am I soppose to live without Suzzette and Kenia when they move! :(\"
Everyone just needs to know me so I don't have to be nervous in public
GREAT now everyone's actually going to think I am secretly a furry comic maker. IT WAS A JOKE
Loving my raw cider - scent and flavor is on point!
I'm so happy I dnt hav to wake up to go to work ... It's gonna be a late night tho :\/\/
What do I really want that's the question
is hard to get into but impossible to get out of.
Nigga Rich Homie said \"Even if I was blind , I can still smell money\" that line makes 0.00094 sense:
Damn some guy just bought 35 gift cards from my work lol
What's good tn? Anyone wanna hang? Blunt on me!!!
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
Eve must've had a FAT ASS to make Adam eat from that tree though. Blinded by the booty since Day 1.
Get ready to get your asses kicked by the Netherlands Costa Rica
I would give Michelle Obama all 3 inches of my dick
Arii types fast as, not as fast as i plunge my dick in his sister tho
I've literally had the most stressful hour of my life
Dempsey kicked in the face
And every woman looks better in a sundress
Is it lame to say I'm so excited to stay in tonight
Parker made his las 3 shoots
I feel like I'm bothering people 99% of the time
Keyshia Cole and I lived around the corner from each other. She was on 84 and I was on 83rd.
me: \"but I mean when it comes down to it, dick size doesn't REALLY matter, it's how you use it.\"\nmy mom: \"...eh, I beg to differ.\" OKAY MOM
Where you gunna find better???
I SAW HOW DYLAN LOOKED AT THE GIRLS
What a start!
Still looking for a boyfriend: needs to be a nice person who can care about someone else, being attractive is a plus
good! im eating my fifth popsicle. oh jolly. i dont feel well bwah. LOL
\": Weed will improve your day by at least 200%\"
Joe Sacco is my spirit animal.
Chest still sore from installing my pedal extension yesterday. \n\nWorth it.
\": ILL EAT JHENE AIKO ASS LIVE ON TV RIGHT NOW\"
Damn... Reading all those old messages brought back hella shit.
\": Donald Trump is exactly the sort of leader we need! Honest, tough, caring, and patriotic.\" Thank you.
Im so ready for teen wolf right now.
Lmao this 9 year old Brandon confided in me that he likes to watch porn because it makes him feel like a man. Right on little dude, right on
Welcome to the freak show
I wonder what it's like to be bald
I wish I could hack Taylor's twitter and tweet funny things like curto does
If you not grinding with me trying to get to the league we can't even kick it bro.... my fault
\": Good morning !\" Morning Tee
yo old saybrook friends, stay inside and lock your doors. apparently there is an armed dangerous man on the loose. stay safe guys.
Too early to be blasting Dembow or nah?
Holanda Destroza todo lo que pasa por delante de su Equipo.....
Graduation is going to be such a long boring process
Insomnia. Literally about to go on a mini vacation this weekend, all by myself, and just drive somewhere far.
I should really be sleeping &gt;.&lt;
Is is wrong my 7 year old daughter says to me she wants to see in concert because he's hot lol she's so not wrong
Actually I'm pretty sure I've already learned what YO is but I'm wrongly assuming I'm missing something because it sounds so stupid.
Definitely going to a bar tonight
Bad bitches holla ,i just holla back
Tell me why or is so goooood
Side Note 2: The most acceptable way to compliment another man for his looks is through his beard.
The first thing my dad says to me when I get home is \"quick get the breathalyzer\"
all things will be proven once OBAMA has left office. until then WE HAVE FAITH PEOPLE?
Once again a more veteran has taken down a younger guy. Djokovic d Dimitrov. Younger guys constantly lose deep at Slams. Big 4 always win
That scarf somehow made Josh's head bigger than it actually is.
USA 1-0 woahhhh goaallllllllll :)
You got my number baby hmu, if you need a late night pick me up... I hope you get lonely tonight
Do organizations in healthcare want strong women with strong voices and a strong media presence? Let's talk .. Open some dialogue. Opinions?
I need new friends lol
\"RT ifs\" are ruining Twitter just like Like ifs ruined Facebook.
Catching up on awkward and I official want to rip Eva's throat out
I should be at least attempting to fall asleep ._.
Bristol panera on Wednesday... Oh joy...
Mariah's feet smell more than Big Foot's dick
Idk how reis laughs at this show, I am literally watching it with a straight face on
You're like my little sister no matter what
'' vamos fazer direta '' oh sim, nenhum me responde
Ben walking around all day with clips in my hair wondering why people stareing I be 2 cumfy\n\nHair getting very long tho fast
I'm the best person to be bfflz with as long as you don't judge me, I'll by pass everything that's wrong with you. I accept everyone b.
K I'm ready to start sophomore year.
It started out with some amazing moments ... Truly which I felt blessed for but then it went down hill even more and more since
These ppl from Ecuador wildin out about this soccer game out here
.: We should probably take this offline, as they say. Bottom line: Sorry I'm not sorry we're really good at baseball.
All of the warm up?? Ughhh cant it be july 15 tmrw??
All I want is to go home and go to bed and be left alone.
Get paid on Wednesday and Friday this week
I look like I'm 5 , I could never sneak in
Literally looks like recreational basketball the way Parker goes through lane and scores so easily
As me and sa br walking some guy pulls up and goes hay thotties fuck her right in the pussy ok
I was gon pay my child support...but I got high. laaaa da ta tadada.
some one should text me so I have some one to talk to on our way to LA
What are the odds we get to come out with us after his show?
En realidad me muero y no venis pa mcbo nojoda
Klingsmann already looking for excuses by complaining about the appointment of an Algerian referee for tomorrow's game?
How about a good corner for once zusi
Just stuck my head in the freezer.
Ok so next school year i guess ill start to not care about anything
one time one of my friends called my dad hot and ive never felt so uncomfortable in my life
Great my phone is fucked up and so is my car
Seeing the excitement at the stadium just gave me chills
\"I'm yours and I'm not yours.\"
Best punch line ever
To keep forever sacred the memory of those we have loved and lost. My heart is heavy at the news, &amp; the Bordeaux family is in my prayers.
Really enjoying Thrive by . Amazing insights into sleep, meditation and putting the iPhone away once in a while! Sage advice.
Now Sam smith on the other hand what a voice
Miami fans changed the channel 10minutes ago right? They can't walk out at an away game.
I was so happy all day and now I'm so depressed out of nowhere......
Portugal got this
5 other things Yahoo should bring back after :\n\n- Butterfinger BB's\n- Surge\n- Google Reader\n- Orkut\n- Burger King chicken fries
I'm a REAL big sucker for commercialism when the products have\/are \"Deluxe\" and \"Super Deluxe\" or \"Limited\" edition. It's very appealing!
I hope has a good holiday and don't have too much fun without me!! I'll be there soon I promise!!
Just watched S1:E1-2 of . Don't know if I can drink this kool aid.
There's a boat full of guys that keeps going past my camp, AYE
! 1-0 . RT Another homer from Joyce. that's 3 in his last 6 at-bats
ta mto frio aqui em ny
ATTENTION TO EVERYONE, YOU CAN BUY GIRL SCOUT COOKIES ON AMAZON. NO NEED TO THANK ME.
Why are you so happy about getting Tyson? He's so inconsistent
Waiting for the Lebron crying memes
I don't need extra stress &amp; negativity in my life
THANK JESUS FOR OUR GOAL KEEPER
Anybody trying to go to the beach tm
We still don't have almond milk
Lymph node behind ear am i dead?
To announce the evils of truth and love, to extend our reach to the stars above. \n-Jessie&amp;James
Also, tonight, I took a cab five blocks.
I want to finish reading my book but I'm gonna cry. Ugh
Money doesn't grow on trees but mustard does and that is seriously messed up
I love breasts but I swear instagram will make an ass man of me yet.
This the finally, my pep talk turn into a pep rally!
Who tf is up rn lmao
soccer would be 5x more watchable if it was full contact, keep your heads up boys
Lets go Costa Rica ! In PK
Scratch that: +20 pounds to my power snatch1RM.
In New York again :)
We have some really good actors in the World Cup.
Is anyone going to question my avi or
I get exited bc is tweeting people but then I realized he won't tweet me.
\"Boyfriends come and go but Zackys are forever\"
Miami fans are awfully quiet
\": You used to be the reason I would smile every morning, now you're the reason why I cry at night.\"
and we're in stall mode here as Huff starts warming up.
I wish my layover in New York was longer so I could visit my friends. Sometimes I miss living in this unrelenting city.
I get waay to emotional over tv shows
I can watch 21 jump street 100 times and still laugh the whole movie long
I trust you, take advantage of that cuz i dont say it often
This PPV is pretty brutal... Let's hope they do something surprising in these ladder matches.
You just want me cause I'm next
People are either going to Hawaii or Florida for vacations this summer, I get to stay in SJ
We literally fix each others problems
I'm not as hype as I used to be for Ab-Soul's music... Hopefully These Days is good
que ya no cumplo para ti los requisitos
My old football coach is here getting crunk too lol
Happy Independence Day! Have a great day everyone! America: you're awesome!!!
Why is there always shooting going on in San Leandro &amp; Hayward? It sounds worse then Richmond &amp; San Pablo
Fuck! I brought my cigarettes, but forgot my lighter.
Why can't they give me morning shifts instead
Mission find favorite picture is a go
I lost my phone and dipped fremont just to come back to fremont and find my phone was covered in dirt
no one can call me dumb anymore :-)
\"l see every woman hates their husband\" i dont wanna be like that ever
is a little bitch and has more emotions than a girl on her period. Man up.
what ms slaney said at yall graduation was tough tho. ill always keep stuff like that on my mind
My dog can sense when something's wrong. It's weird, he's been laying with me for like an hour
A non fast-food restaurant open between 12am-4am. That's the ish.
Why am I so fucking pathetic,
It's weird how happy one individual can make you
Clueless may be almost 20 years old, but I still want to wear 80% of Cher's wardrobe.
You only lose what you cling to.
I've been rediscovering Depeche Mode and loving it
Cant Wait To See Beah Head Back In Action
Alright the heat just turned on the off switch playing like shit now?
After a blue moon a Budweiser tastes like a hint of taco
All I wanna do is drink beer &amp; skinny dip
Lahat ng Finofollow ko sa wattpad ay Random people except kay NedryIrel :)
I wonder what my sons gnna look like..
Sick samantha lock me out of the house ...not like I wanted to sleep in my bed or anything ...fuck
Only true friends and real people are the ones I like to be around.
Cesar's driving really gives me anxiety lmao
No actually you can't use the computer. Fuck. How am I suppose to get my final done. I. Hate. Life.
These people get on my nerves crying on ... It is a reality show and everyone is trying to win 500K.
I love it when people decide to mow their lawn at 7am :) Nice of them to make sure everyone in the niebhorhood wakes up
still at work. heard an announcement to stay away from the windows. apparently it's a ? just heard a loud boom. what's going on?!
Emotional hour RT : 49 days and I will be in my jeep driving across country to San Diego
\"I don't want instagram to come between me and you, if im following her, DO NOT woman crush Wednesday her.\"
I don't get how some people can get anything &amp; everything they ask for and live a great life but somehow still always manage to be unhappy
What ppl be doing at this hour...? Curious
Everyone prepare for nothing but Kanye West quotes on Instagram for the next month, he's just all too fitting for the occasion
Do you seriously think I'm implying that you can vote on ? I mean, really.
Hangin with hav and Ellen from Mcgoos tn
bitches love chris brown &amp; drake
I got green eyes, dolla signs in em.
Wait apparently I'm listening to 's dad on the radio
Just saw for an hour in . Love the timing.
I refuse to get out of bed like ever
novinha safadinha hoje eu vou falar pra tu
I feel that
Their just something different about her that makes me love her more
he betta take me to an empty lot, field, dessert, shit some place where theres no pedestrians that can sue my ass lol.
I'm taking summer Rae to beat Layla tonight at cool two divas matches. They better be in arout.
Happy 4th of July, pussies. So crack a beer and enjoy the damn freedom. God bless.
Back to Italian--heading to
Lmfao why Marley really hit the wiggle after he got his diploma I'm weakkkkk
Steve-o is hillarious
Any American Outlaws in the 1000 Islands and watching the game tomorrow?
was kinda hoping miami would pull through to watch bosh pull some gay shit
Goall USA USA USA '! First 30 seconds of the game ! AMERICA NIGGA
No me voy a esperar 1 semana para regresarme. Alv no ire.
Yuppers \": u doin surgery or somethin\"
Life is about to get so gooooood
I'm done being sad, someone get me drunk
Someone obeyed bump by yelling out their window \"I TOLERATE ADULT SWIM!\". Whoever you are stranger you made my night.
You never answer when I call.
I need to stop napping during the day
Heading down 2 cape may like a yung thug u feel me
Real Housewives of New Jersey Marathon
This game is done
And that is the right context for \"thot\" it's an acronym people
It amazes me how late I can sleep when I don't have work but end up waking up so fucking early
get ur fucking shit tg usa
$ Iuxuryliam $ u r so perfect and tbh u intimidate me but ilu and ur definitely a fave :D
Wow that was quick! Go USA!
You ever do something so stupid you can't believe you actually did it?
Said he had penis surgery so he can have kids the guy saying he took a home test and it say he not the father kid not his he comes out
I need to stop eating, no more food today! Except for those gummy bears...
If u don't sleep naked then well...ur not really living.
I totally have a huge crush on Chris from stand by me.
Who's trying to get CREAM? It's been a minute since I got it
Actually having heart palpitations from this game
Looks like needed some High Heelers while walking through the gravel to tonight's !
with the goal!!!!
I need to get my license lol
I have drank the kool-aid, and I like it.
They just can't get up.. Spurs DO NOT miss
Yo I'm definitely mirin' Steve Cook's hair
Kellylynn hasn't even left yet and I miss her already
I'm crazy right now! I took a drug! I hate it!
would ya look at that soccer ain't even half bad lol
people only talk to me when they want\/need something
Having a jeopardy battle with peter rn reminded me of you
Party Mills is nice son
The Greek soccer team is a joke! How can a team with a man advantage not win? Wow!
I'm ready to straight up bawl.
There is nothing better than summer thunder storms
You analyze everyone except for you when really you should analyze everybody, especially you.
Irina Shayk and Cristiano Ronaldo have to be the sexiest couple on earth
Why are there no Knock Knock jokes about America?...because Freedom Rings!
i measure my success in the gym with weekly arm wrestling competitions against josh
So much for third time's the charm.
Finally said fuck it and took off my phones screen protector. That shit was scratched up. It looks so clear now lol
Someone go halves with me :(
That's exactly what happened to me.... Fucking hamstring.......
Finished up my cycling class at Feeling good.
Phenomenal Best choice ever that Mariah Made choosing as her Woo Hoo !!!
jk never showed. typical. Idky I believed other wise. tired of this shit.
honestly tired of feeling like this...
I have a headache bc all she did was pull my hair
My mom asked what kind of exercise I've been having and I just said \"Sexercise\" it took her 10 second to realized and started laughing
I haven't even looked at the summer work so I have no idea what I even have to do oops lol I should get on that
I go 0 to 100 nigga real quick
teeth all pearly, hair all curlyy
Quite a site to see Lebron on the bench in the closing minutes. Helpless feeling for him.
Oh Jermaine Jones
Tired of being a good person just get shit back in return
Oh captain my captain.
My TL most spam right now lol
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
It's about to get MESSI!!!!!
More like RonaLOLdo, am I right? (Ok, that was cheap).
pound a fret, cyah pay ounce a debt
You're a fucking idiot, i don't know what else to tell you
I have feeling someone what am I doing
Still can't undo what happened
I am always worried that the response to my writing is like SMI's response to \"The Things We Think and Do Not Say.\"
I'd like a giant chocolate chip cookie with my coffee about now...how do we make that happen.
Need something to get my mind off shit
Avicii Tickets for Barclay Center tomorrow for sale!! Section 108!! 4 tickets available!
I do not want to watch the notebook. I want to see someone get shot in the face.
1. Big tech strategy: buy other companies\/startups\n2. ???
No top like Ginobli
I think I may just plan a nice getaway next year. Take a week off and go somewhere nice far, far away
niggas violate ur bitch wearing that and wat u spose to do
NYC is a beautiful place!
Nigga ur big ass head is heavy get the hell off
Owwww the hamstring ):
NP YOUR LOVE APRES JE BOUGE
I can't feel my lips.
I have gone to tops 4 times and in the past 2 days and will probably have to go again before the day is over
breezy gonna make a comeback tonight as always
I want you forever,but I know you just temporary.
I'm not gonna look back and roll out of my bed to the kitchen .. I'm hungry af
Messi still having a bad game?
Just some milk maybe so i can eat cereal
-listening to 'I wanna dance with somebody'- \"oh Diana Ross...\" Ok John, ok.
Someone text me
Next up game of thrones finale.. 4 main characters still need to die this season. .
I love more than anything in the world .. but I don't wanna be living check to check ..&amp; I love shopping ..
no love 88
Don't you just love your derpy internet :D
teeth all pearly, hair all curly.
Half of yall don't even know where San Antonio is lol but its cool
I just hide behind the years of a clown
Fuck an op nigga and fuck a Thot bitch talk crazy get ya top split
omfg this is the weirdest FaceTime call ever.
It's crazy how much you can hate and love somebody at the same time
still salty that grienke gave up 5 hits
Finally taking his ass to sleep! THANK THE LORD!
Central Park Five investigation. Flagrantly violating the Constitution. Taking the lives of 5 minors.
I win for creativity and also for having the most shitty pictures
\": All Ik is Germany is taking the win.\" You jinxed it yo
Why can't people just laugh and be happy and be like me
Could use a shot or 6 right about now
Dam heat don't want it enough
Marissas mom is at my house but where is Marissa??????
I got a feeling, you're feeling it too
Coming back from vacation to see someone all situated at my desk
You ain't made enough Bitch keep hoeing .
Ac on &amp; netflix for the rest of the night
A pal gave me the essay answers for bio and I can't find the paper anywhere help me
if robert doesn't make your day you're a liar
Joey Chestnut just got engaged eh? Sounds like impending downfall
Love how you kiss it, oh you can get it.
How bad is it that I'm eating chips rn?
That was sweet of Ari to say to that boy
So John Fruciante's solo stuff.... That's uh.... Interesting.
Again, let's get some motherfucking fried chicken up in this motherfucking place!
If you're a lame thats a shame
Pretty sure Mariana's going to Wyoming
I need to jump... \n\nN it's either somebody's bones or off a bridge. \n\nAnd i can't tell...
ok yes hi where do I sign up for a new voice??!!
And then she gets mad that my brother woke up but doesn't know why OMFG LIKE HELLO YA DUMB BITCH YOU WOKE HIM UP.
My body is gurdgelating for sleep right now
2014 faves (part I): sopressata, baked brittle and von Trapp Farmstead's oma cheese
i kicked an asian man in the face on accident once
this is exactly how it should be when it's meant to be.
The powers of ten video severely screwed me up
DID YOU SEE THAT
Its real hot..
OHMY WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY WIFI because it needs to stop
Caught em slippin !
\": fricking hell i love you guys\" love u too troye boy
F em up Dempsey
All of our differences help you mold who you want to be ... Never talk down just understand them ...
Yep I really wanted a spencer Toby sex scene to happen this morning
BIG PAPI HOME RUN + GOAL. BE STILL MY BEATING HEART.
Because a girl like you is impossible to find.
Lmao @ the bday card I made Carina. I can't wait to give it to her!! lol
--\nComo Olvidar Nuestro ' Primer Beso ' :*
Don't favorite my tweets I'm mad at you.
Also same guy who constantly hits on me when ever I see him in the halls
Oye this nation disappoints me sometimes..
If u think about rowing a boat science of brain says your brain is doing same thing if u were actually rowing a boat, lights energy n same
Cassidy came up with the nickname, I will use it tell i find a real one
25 you are actually not bad looking for a girl basketball player
Just wanna be on the lake right now
\"I'm so basic you already knowww\" that's all I hear
My sister's just said I could be a Magcon boy (:
Suddenly the predators actually have a first line forward
Ran into ceelo green , he thought we was ill . .
No le tengo miedo ala muerte
Lol niggas is shittin on bowwow
I'm suppose to sit back &amp;Let Mr. nobody from nowhere make love to my wife?
Rolls to kageyama
Smart move for Hofstra University. Decision to not consider SAT exams for future applicants. Bravo!!!! As an educator I wholeheartedly agree
Prob the weakest person at the gym rn
bout to up my selfie game x10000
really wanna go to the gym tomorrow morning and then night after work
I need at least 10 new shoes before school start.
BRB while I pass out in 5 seconds
There is a certain Portuguese player who is slipping up. I can't see his name or his jersey # but he needs to stop.
I need soup
I just retweeted 5 tweets in a row
Slept so wrong , the back of my neck hurts .
I'm naming my first born \"Scotus\"
Call of Duty: Black Cops
I can now start saying I WENT to Nottingham high school... I still can believe it
Bailey Thomas is absolutely adorable! Definitely got his daddy's pipes!
I don't get mad at someone I just let them do them and I don't stress them like that .
You can't take life for granted, because life is too short
\"What is danger? What is art? What is perception? What is enough?\"
yo bunnies love my backyard, they're always running around, being all cute and fuzzy and shit
Ifemelu will feel like a sister-friend &amp; through her eyes, you too will fall in love with Obinze. Can't wait to see what Lupita does w\/movie
This makes me smile!
\"Take my skull mountain virginity\"
Feeling good after a strong week of miles\/training...consistency is paying off.
Too fuckin heated right now ready to move the fuck out
But I won't do anything to change that
I just wanna buy kawaii girls bubble tea &amp; squeeze their butts. Am I asking for too much?!
When you care about someone, their pain becomes your pain.
Oh that just got me maddddd
Happy birthday to my boy since day 1, love you bro
AnthonyStewartHead does NOT sound like AnthonyStewartHead. It's like when Jennifer Grey got a nose job: COMPLETELY unrecognizable!
I love Tyler, The Creator
Life is great. Being bored at home
cime degrom win the battle with walker
Just saved the floats &amp; lounge chair from the storm
I love sevyn streeter she looks a hot mess
Alright I'm not with the lightening and thunder..
That probably a broken nose..
Just want a carmel iced coffee plz
She deadass changed my avi lml
Stop crying in on twitter nobody feels bad for you lol
If you're insta collage has so many pictures that I need a microscope to actually see who is in them, you should just not.
I passed 8000 tweets.... This has gone too far.
My dad is one of a kind that's for sure
I got woken up this morning by my dad saying\"get Kevin out of the living room he's passed out half fallen off the couch with his pants down\"
Jack Townsend hits 2-run HR, SC Westside 2, Los Altos 0, D44 Majors Allstars game
You can't kick . Didn't we already know that?!?
Well isn't that a punch in the fucking face.
Whenever i hear the song your beautiful by james blunt i cant help but picture andrew small serenading me
2 - 1, vamos!
Yesterday I had bread with every meal [4 times] because was visiting and because I'm kk
Taking a shit and my dad asks me \"what are you doing?\" Come to find out he just wanted to go get food cause he's hungry... If you insist Rob
didn't say that to me either until today, I'm confused as fuck.
Champs not cramps
Space Launch Complex Six sounds like a condition that we all must share!
I love how sprint offers unlimited texts and calls but shit man the service is ass
Show of that smile not then boobies
I don't talk enough basketball, got too distracted educating the simple denizens of .
Being in the Garden and its not for hockey is depressing I started chatting to vendors about games FYI they like NYR games more than Knicks.
That Kermit photo I rt'ed has me
Quienes no tienen miedo a estar solos y saben esperar, siempre les llega la persona correcta.
Hair rampage 3: return of the combover, coming to a bar near you this summer
My retainer smells like Taco Bell
Rico Story - speaker knockerz !!!
Fucking goalll !!!!
don't you know if you cheat, that's it ?
Finally convinced grace to with me
\"Chico with a kick save and a beauty\"
That boy finished that in jeans
Eres como mi twitter, simulo estar interesado en ti para que tu me sigas a mi
Fox News, TL;DR edition: \nBe scared; buy shit.
I DONT HAV ETO WEAR TUBBER BANDS ANYMORE AND I WON $30 BUTI AM MISSING THE GOsh damn GAME
I'm here for this RT : Finna Drunk Some American Whiskey &amp; Beer !!!!
Were watching American ninjas and I'm so nervous hahaha
everytime time my checking acct goes over 25k ... they act funny
What if the girl i like actually liked me back?????
Just me who dose not think girls a girl in a football top is hot ?
Blaz Rola def. Pablo Andujar 6-3, 6-1, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
I need to stop thinking about EDC, but I can't.
Ella llora con sonrisas y nadie se da cuenta.
Haven't smoke bud in months .. fiending* need to relax my mind _ stressed.
really need to leave this house asapppp
Bakes have d fellas singing one kinda fuckery down d road smh
Its hot as balls in this room
What's with these airplanes, scared the shit out of me.
lol Scott \"I think I scared it\" HAHAHAHAHAH
Last year me and were gonna drink 50 beers for the 50 states. Attempt number two today?
Hopefully I get a haircut tomorrow
baby. do you love me?
The slam poetry scene in 22 Jump Street is the most hilarious thing ever
I thought the key question was \"what's the probability the given user will convert.\" Ok that's key but there are other important things too
Tim Howard is incredible
Google: how do I was my phone?
I honestly do not understand why people have selfies on their home screens and\/or wallpaper...
But Ashanti never looks good though
Now Dempsy needs one!
Hunt is still on for suspect. White male, 5'7, wearing white shirt, leather pants, has cut on arm.
\": Love\/hate relationship about smoking by myself.\"
The voice with which my father speaks to my dog makes me physically ill.
If anybody is in the mall today, you get a personal middle finger from me. Fuck you. Fuck work. Fuck fuck fuck
Why do they only play scary movie commercials at night?
Phil of the future is soo cute when will my future Phil come ???
Wishing everyone a happy !!!!
OH MY GOD CHI CHI CHI
I don't like tomatoes or onions never did never will but they always put it in my food
vcs nao intendem meu amor pelo wiz
major props to them though it was very well orchestrated
Lost my chord so I can't put music on my phone , sigh
Literally all I do when I got home is sleep
THE THREE EYED GREEN ALIENS ARE MY FAVE
Still so pissed I lost half a bottle of my alcohol last night :((((
TO EVERYONE WHO HAS SUPPORTED ME THROUGH SCHOOL AND LIFE
My mom said happy bday to me on fb before she said happy bday in real life
Theory why I certain book 3 character didn't appear in the finale: way too much shit was happening. D&amp;D must have bigger plans for her.
Idk how to cheer people up so I just offer if I can make them food because that's what cheers me up when I'm sad
Just almost ran over a chicken that was crossing the road
Like I kinda want to throw all my clothes out and start fresh
Who Trynna gb for a bit
dying at everyone acting like they have standards &amp; acting like they wouldnt get back with their man if he named an album after you
I don't have words
Going to a strangers box because why not
Someone text me im bored . Dnt be shy i want new friends
Bridgette falls asleep so quick like damn girl, leaving me all bored in the car.
It felt so good to sleep for 12 hours
Yup its going to be a long night..
That serial killer movie is terrible. Is it too much to ask for a movie with multiple killings and a good plot line. Sociopaths= fascination
I don't mind cutting. The way I do it though. It's easy, and convenient.
Rihanna Me beija :* curtiu seus Tweets
teve twitcam e eu burra perdi, pqp
Currently jamming out to Now 5
I miss my coco butter kisses
In the mood to watch BMS
Sometimes when u talk my eyes just go blurry and my brain goes numb cuz your so stupid
No lie-might have just spent 1\/2 my birthday money ?
It bugs someone tweets \"I don't have good friends\" or \"I hate everyone\" because there's always that one mother fucker who's like \"except me\"
Drank all day, let's see how softball goes.
Oh now he calls the high pitch
OMFG I PASSED MY GLOBAL REGENTS WITH A 71!!!!!!!!
Chris Rock tried to catch her killed
What's the point of having a best friend if you can't make fun of them mercilessly
Speedy but informative keynote on Google Plus. I should probably revisit this social source!
If anyone looks at the snapchat on Karissa's story at 234 seconds there is a swim race challenge open to all white males
Wow fucked that tweet up. Beautiful goal for messi*
I never believe my mom when she says \"I'm omw home\" because she always gets back 2 hours after saying that...
On a mission 4 bad bitches
Snipe, top 90
DEMPSY MOTHER FUCKER
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!
Doubt really mean to connect those two tweets but hey both those songs are my shit
Mentally preparing myself for the amount of pictures and videos of fireworks I'm about to see on social media today
algunos opinan, como si alguna vez en su puta vida han corrido 120 minutos
Hate jack in the box tacos
How long until I can get into the city? I'm starving!!!
Just because of the length it took just to finish one fight lol
Just heard the bro crack open a shower beer
if this were my movie it would happen tomorrow it will
SHOULD HAVE BEEN JETSKIING WITH DYL TODAY BUT YA KNOW HE HATES ME
Trying to have a fat swishing right now, herb up man
32' Brooklyn's Joachim beats the defender but the NYRB goalkeeper ends the Italians' run
Always think of whats next never stay at a same level.
Just took a shit. Bouta get an egger. Throw on my suspenders. Merica'
My mom was just upset that I am finally doing things everyday with friends and don't have time for her.
July 15th! NYC! Dollar and A Dream! Ahh!
Aw blended was a cute\/funny movie LOL
Losing a softball game after 12 innings has defeated me
Wake me when is anything more than a starter.
My mum makes me smile. My mum gives me strength.
Isn't it always more exciting when its kept a secret
Those are just fake ass titties on a fucked up chest
supporters are the best. Ya'll are so chill and funny haha
Honestly can't wait till I can drive because everything will be so much easier
Bueno rico deacansando en casa del feriado a esperar los Cuartos de final del Mundial
The worlds rotating with or without you, so don't miss out on what it has to offer
My bitch look like Amanda Bynes. Snortin hella lines with some random guys.
this nigga said 'eyebrows 5 feet apart' HAHAHAHA
That wasn't a dirty play people.. He went up and started falling back cause he lost his balance. Relax lol.
Woke up on the bus with my seatmate's head on my shoulder. Was really tempted to take a selfie but instead fell back asleep.
I feel bad for the niggas that work at Walmart because of all these dumbass vines haha
Hmm a disaster at another avicii show. Someone needs to give these stupid children a reality check.
Once you hit 30 you get all sorts of new mail. Today I got a pamphlet from a cemetary asking me to consider them for my final resting place.
Rain rain go away in Charlotte so we can fly home.
Sorry, you can't be a Buckeye AND a Bearcat. It's the not-so-well-known fourth law of thermodynamics.
vickie vs Stephanie it's gonna be epic
It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt, tried everything to get my mind off you, but it won't work
And so this weekend we sadly take our leave of and - I'm already jonesing for next year.
Only 3 people passed the trig regents in my class, lmfao.
I don't know what to do rn.
RIP REST IN PUSSY
SO CLOSE TO GIVING UP ON A CAMERON FOLLOW
Watching lighting over manhattan from a rooftop. Longer the day the better tasting the joint
me and hailey just beat the shit out of eachother bc we both wanted to use the candle as a microphone
Can I just date someone that plays sports...
I'm going to cry
cumplo o no ? :) &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I was wondering why this lady kept showing up on my TL. I accidentally followed her. Lol
Im actually really excited for teen wolf premire:\/
Both and spoke about the importance of clarity in expression and communication in founders, at .
In case anyone was wondering, my parent portal still hasn't loaded
I keep the lights on, so I can see her.. Cause she amazing.....
What if I just showed up on your block right now as you sit on your stoop...
Just need bae to buy me a bunch of books to read.
Who the fuck is Steve jay
IF YOU HAVE A STRONG URGE TO EAT SOMETHING DIFFERENT COOK THE VEGETABLES YOU DIDN'T LIKE WHEN YOU WERE SMALL. THEY ARE DELICIOUS NOW.
No, I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it.
Soy el unico boludo que se lleva 7 ? JAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJA
You're as fake as they come.
I try to be nice but apparently I have to be my true self the undercover UFC fighter. You brought it out now you got what you've been asking
What a great game, Djokovic moving to the final!
I definitely need a interview with on
Damn i hate having so much shit to do and I don't know what to do .. to many options \n\nFu k fuck fuck
And love is evil,spell it backwards I'll show ya
Why do I always wake up with a pounding headach?
It's like 0 degrees in my room I'm not trying to suffer through this bullshit
\": Idk about the heat they fucked if the fuck up tonight but I think they'll pull thru\" trueeee
I'm happy Costa Rica won and are in the quarter finals
From \"That guy is the Phil Jackson of novels\" - quote about John Grisham.
My family literally gives no shits
we're like the least favorite child.
If you're not American today stay away from James he's cursing out immigrants Fourth of July got the best of him
DEMPSY YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN!!
July 13th will be a good day.
like she really is.. better than me like dayuuum
This guy has his headphones in and he's lip singing as well and we keep glancing at each other. I wonder what he's listening to ^.^
Definitely 1st and 2nd best dressed guy 2014 Nick Steindler and Jake Barros
.you know if you dont pussy out.
It's always easier to please self but it does get lonely .
Never thought I'd buy a Kings jersey but if Sim Bhullar makes the team, consider it .
Who wants to to watch the new transformers with me
Love &amp; Hip Hop goes off to fast, it should be two hours!
It seems flour bags are designed to fail.
As long as John Roberts is Chief Justice, George W. Bush will always be president.
Why did I ever agree to that is the real question
i have $4.38 in my bank account...
Lol \": yh I know, u know\"
Leonard Finals MVP!?
I hate it when a broke person speaks
Sometimes you get to that breaking point
Time to hear some Podcast!!!!
So much giggling at my moms blonde antics tonight.
Ugh I'm so bored now
I &lt;3 Adam Levine!!
If you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything.
Girl at Applebee's wearing a t-shirt saying 'I am McDonalds'
So happy to have my sista homee
I know your wife and she wouldn't mind.
Come down to brewing for a cool pint and an even cooler exotic popsicle. Or try a cold Athens sandwich. Open til 8.
Trynna air out the car because it smells like weed &lt;
Portugal is falling apart come on
never end a sentence with a preposition, kids
And now you're knockin' on my front door, thats what I've been livin' for. Excuse me while I laugh my ass offf
What's good people? Where is everybody?
This is just going to go on forever
If you don't kiss her ass cheeks y'all ain't shit
reallllllly don't wanna go pick up my check at work. fuck.
One time I got in trouble for not cleaning a clean house
Reading Atomic Robo Vol 5. I do believe &amp; are going to bring back CBs.
I was 10 minutes over my time yesterday just bc I had one as my last guest to help.
This movies too sad shit
The word \"viscous\" really grinds my gears
I got dough to blow, but I wanna blow it right, you look nice\nAnd yo' frame makes me wanna bowl a strike, well alright
I mean Rollins can like that now because he won't be conscious come Sunday.
I remember when my bedtime wasn't till 3\/4\/5am now I can barley make it 10pm. Lol
Guzman with a 23-yard FG to pull NYC within 18-11 with 6:20 left 4Q
Nothing hurts more than being told that you've lost your friendship with the only person that matters....
Not having a car rn sucks
He bought me Diplomatic Immunity I think I just fell in love
El domingo por la tarde ya cansado de curarme de joder y de pichar enjaguandome la bola estuve como 1 hora pa' sacalme toa la saaall
Omg let me out of DM jail Plz
if your going to be a spurs fan next year u should tell me now
\"If i were to die the true death right this second, I'd die a happy vamper\"
Game of Thrones bitches!!!!!
Ill celebrate 4th of July by laying the pipe
Trying to get this check cashing job in place. Then this cashier job. After that I'm set for the summer!
Im so mad right now ...
I never thought I'd see the day of my very last exam.. it couldn't come soon enough.
The reactions is what I'm looking forward to
Every wonder how someone could be so fucking immature &amp; act like they never do anything wrong?
You gotta know who you are first before you figure out what your purpose is.
Congrats pawling class of 2014! Good luck The rest of the way
I can't stand people who don't know how to speak up and tell you what's on their mind.
I reeeeaaallllly hate when I send a snap 30 secs from receiving one, BUT OH TAKE YOUR FUCKING TIME SENDING ONE BACK TO ME! ....Fuckaaaa.
That's how you fucking do it
Funny how easy it is to throw away files when ur startup disk is full &amp; u have 2 start up in safe mode. 25GB goodbye 2 whatever needed to go
Hillsong was not the same yesterday without
My header &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm not looking forward to these sit ups I gotta do
I can't believe in almost a week I'll be celebrating 4 months with my boyfriend already
So many things to say but I can't find the words.
Omg Kevin Hart is pissing me off in
Just finished season 4 of dexter and I'm crying more then I ever had
In Beijing the public toilets were rated on a star system
There no point hailing messi, it was expected.
The way we hit the ball in the first two games, we shoulda never played game 3. One bad inning of pitching cost us.
I wonder where my license is...
The only rational thing to do while waiting for my PS3 to update is kill myself
Wow my timehop rlly made me feel like a pos
I need more followers on Insta and twitter
What kind of toddler is she
And to whoever is reading my tweets and laughing, I'm glad my misery is funny to you cuz it's not funny to me at all
oh .my .me. Will someone please wipe the ass of Chance with .
Kinda ironic the \"black stars\" are wearing white
can't tell if it's good or bad how much I like the ppl I work with
s\/\/o to my sister for hiding my grades from my parents! you the real mvp
Anyone see that ankle breaker?
I'm not even America but Obama is still lookin out for me thnx
\"Wet the bed\" - Chris brown
My freckles got darker
I attend to ignore all the negativity
what do u all think abt the 'right to be forgotten' ? its very strange.. basically these ppl file the same recursive 'requests' to search
Kelly Johnson hit a bomb! 30-508016
Tip toe wing in my jawdinzzz
Hopefully ni can get some sleep tonight
Today, tomorrow, and Friday off. What a beautiful week
Exactly why I usually just keep my mouth shut lmao
Costa Rica, sigue siendo la gran sorpresa del Mundial.
Can they hold on to this
If I could meet anyone in the world it would be Adam Sandler
Nice shot Messi
To have a minor in math or not?
17 good. 17 works. out of all the numbers cx any who. You're pretty c: and you haven't replied dick CX hahaha jk c:
Bbq sounds hella good for tonight
14 Minutes of Pissed Off Goalies might be my favorite YouTube video ever
I'm bout to break the fuck down yo real shit .. .
If only this soccer game was on the us history regents
[ BANGS HEAD AGAINST WALL REPEATEDLY ]
Well I finally started peeling today after that nightmare of a sunburn..
I could play baseball everyday of my life
Have so many things to do this summer love it
Don't ft Syndey if you don't feel like hearing her sing randomly out of nowhere
\"You fight much harder than you fuck.\"
jake just burnt his sock and it smells bad
Happy birthday, ! You had me at hello. You had me at hello. I hope you'll tie one on for me tonight.
Damn y'all Miami got treated!
Catching up with old teammates is honestly the best fucking thing ever.
well being up this early sucks
Where did all the sea lions at Pier 39 go? Hubby replies, \"Probably went 2 Chicago.\"
Dang that was a great start by the US Soccer Team!
Girl I want you to know, I can't get you out of my head
A bacon egg and cheese sounds fabulous right now
I'm staying up tonight for sure cause I took a nap earlier
I'm watching Neighbors in my room.\n
And now I have to wait a year. Damn it.
Damn that was sick
Just went to the cutest plant nursery right by my new house &amp; now applying for a job there :)
16666666 I love you so much and I miss you like crazy OMG. You are there for me and I can't wait to lax w you next year again!!
What is Benzino means of income to have a crib like that ?
BEGIN AGAIN is a weird little movie, innit?
I fcking love the movie 8 mile
Haa thaat sucks
just waiting for a nice 6ft+ darkskin nigga with tattoos &amp; nice teeth to knock on my door.
Oh shit OLD ZUKO. Headin out to do DRAGON SHIT.
There are no flowers no not this time
I was looking for a roommate who wouldn't ruin my cast iron or le creuset and one that doesn't use ginzu knives.
I can proudly say that I have never worn a tight dress and hooker heels and posed with one hand on my hip and a bottle of Ciroc in the other
You are the biggest cunt I have ever met.
eres un poco puton muchacha y &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
V excited to get our pug puppy
I wish I had a 80's music soundtrack on my life
Great, Friday labs for summer session...guess this means I'll be hungover for every one of them
This should be Duncan's 6th ring
So I hear the says Bryan has peaked and its back to Ol faithful Cena.
it's weird how my phone stopped working at the JB concert and it stopped work yesterday
Yesss USA USA !!!!!
This night going slow as fuck 4 more long hours I need a drink !
The boy from Germany
Last time Phil Collins was trending was for Tarzan.
My sister is graduating today I am so prude of here
I shouldn't be crying right now because you're an asshole but I just can't help it.
tomorrow is gunna be a good ass day
These messages blood smhhh lol
some people say i look like messi :')
I need a tv show recommendation for my upcoming vacay , something british and period piece!!
Al final, no ermos na', no nos queriamos na y finalmente no teniamos na' ..
I literally just received an email from House Committee on Oversight and Government saying they had no idea my image had a copyright
The more you speak, the less you hear; so shut up!! V. Henry
Every time I peel a banana the peelings are like super thin. So there's like 5 strands of banana peel instead of
Smh , now he goes to sleep early
Lots of lentilicious demo's next weekend! We will be posting soon where to find us. # gluten
Tonight is killin me black twitter can't ever be chill
Yes! Matt Cain is pitching. When he and are out on the field, it's my two Southern hotties.
IM GONNA DIE WHEN I HEAR IT ON THE RADIO
I've been straining my eyes like crazy lately.
Once you see results it becomes an addiction .
thank you based God for organic toothpaste
Patty cake patty cake with no hands
Not gunna let it bother me
Going in the pool during a night sound like a plan now
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 10 days!!!
I wanna watch bobs burgers so I can take notes on how to be more like Tina
Kinda fucked up right now .....
All these people that I didn't know were Mexico fans...Or that watched soccer for that matter. Well welcome to the best sports in the world!
I somehow managed to get 5 children for the day instead of the normal 3
Note to self: When on a diet, do NOT walk past Restaurant.... I want to eat everything !!!!
I been on my own Shit sorry if you don't see me bro
This Taco Bell is MUCH needed!
I have absolutely. No idea what I am doing I think I'm drunk..
And that's enough Facebook posts for a while now...
funniest sht on .... my official Fav comic
HAPPY NOT A FATHER'S DAY
Due to constr., constr., both Dirctns G btw Court Square Sta (Queens) and Church Ave Sta (Brklyn) until 5:00AM trains run every 20 mi...
man, i wish you guys could see the sunset like im watching it rn\nit's so beautiful.
I love this team
I would do annnything for love, BUT I WONT EAT ASS
Fresh out of the gym, arms feeling like noodles
\"You popped her tit!\" \n\"She can get more at the tit store.\"
I wish I could eat normal food..
Forget the wedding spend it on the house. A town house UH!
Bought myself a panda hat lol
Not going out of my way to find bae, bae will come in time of living well and speaking to the universe
I'm doing a ride share experiment. May the best app win.
&amp; I hate to say I want you, when you make it so clear you don't want me
It's not my fault you can't handle yor shit bro
My effing wifi is down on everything except my phone!
A couple head shakes from the fakes
I love people sometimes...but not often... -rare words from
\"There are no spoilers in real life.\" -
6 million people in this city and I run into
this ain't no time for games
I rly wish I could sleep past 9 :((
todas las noches me da gripe :l y se me quita en la talde -.- to lo dia la mima degracia
Give me ur adress \"I can't u handcuffed me\"
4 o'clock at Legoland is the witching hour for unnapped toddlers to collectively melt down.
And talk mad shit and smoke mad blunts in house slippers and a wife beater
How is it that I'm just learning about 's ?! I'm ashamed of myself.
my mom wants me to stay at bso for 2 hours for my sisters friday functional are you fucking kidding me
YOU KNOW.U GOT TALENT WHEN I CAN GET MY HOMOPHOBE UNCLE TO REQUEST ANOTHER VIDEO FROM THE DOLL!! bringing the world together!
\": Kawhi has been unleashed.\"
ok, best flight ever. no middle person. no rush. no delays. thank you
That was a beautiful goal, damn
Damn RH has a huge senior class
We already have a female president... Her name is Valerie Jarrett and she sucks!
I've never been so violently grinded with.
Love seeing Teddy Roosevelt in the crowd
Tmobile got the worst service .. Shit say LTE but move like it got the E
Wu tang after their 2nd album was kinda boring
\"My Giant Face Tumor\"... I guess I'll watch
May usapan bang 20 dapat lagi ang lamang? Lols.
You won't ever understand my feelings
2002 \": When did everyone become Bloods?\"
Well it's like that, sometimes You don't gotta make Assumptions . It's open and they are out there putting it in your face.
so you saw strasburh got lid up this afternoon? all pitchers do. this was wheelers first real bad start but i guess most mets fans dont
que cararrota dios
Um hello hi I go to college too. It's ok to love me too
To some extent I was happy that a female was in a (asst) head position but I wasn't the happiest seeing fig abuse her power
Tell me why I can't find a New York fanny pack anywhere in New York
Lmao a 4 hour nap sounds good rn
Past 12 am is tumblr scrolling time.
Good Morning &amp; Happy Weekend Loves!
GOOD BREAD!!! Next year I'll finally be able to get my hands on JJBA manga volumes with Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency coming to the US
Toni Kroos is my nee favorite German player.. sorry
Es muy probable que quienes hablan mal de ti, no tengan nada bueno que decir de ellos
Manu is the messi for spurs Argentina strong.
My dog loves to sleep in how are you sleeping talk 2 me it is good I'm so nice other wise I might b disgusted.. ha ha
\": Emoji use on Twitter should still be banned USA Flags included. \" that's 1st admendent rights
I really want to win a download code for 'X'
Beach was ode lit not going to front
Tbh her voice wasn't all that
That amber alert earlier was fake and the \"missing\" girl got arrested. Crazyyy!
GoodNight Mentions For A For A (All Girls Welcome)(Sexy Girls Welcome)Murder My Botton ....
Letss gooo baby we outttttt
Is Paul Rudd married or gay or something? Asking for myself.
As it turns out, the people who publish content for a living said no to me. Gonna have to rely on Kickstarter and your bad taste, everyone.
Im hot, have 5 mosquito bites on my arm within the last 30 minutes and can't sleep
Hoping that one day people can see that differences are what make people who they are without judging.
CAMERON DALLAS PLEASE CALL ME
all I want to be every night is drunk
With all the money I've spent since Friday I should of got a tattoo
What you know about having your truck on the beach with you
Heading to Bangkok tomorrow, Meeting with best girlfriend of 20 years...where to go and get into a reasonable amount of trouble???
so over arguing w\/ someone that means absolutely everything to me.
Not having to work on the weekends and having off Independence Day this week, def a plus in my work schedule
crushed so hard on the bar waitress @ 's last night. She was like a living drawing.
Messi just scored a beautiful goal! ABSOLUTELY FUCKING BEAUTIFUL!
One summer I'm gonna grab a pickup truck and hit all 50 states
No twitter I do not have 2 notifications, I have one
Yes folks it's 1:30 and time for drake tweets
Where would you be without love?
I only think of you on two occasions.
In need of a shopping buddy
We're so unlucky during the ninth inning.
Note to self: don't bet against Messi despite the great odds.
33 SECONDS IN AND WE FUCKING SCORE OMFG IM FUCKING PUMPED
This man defecated all over the bathroom, and has the nerve to harass customers about how he \"doesn't care it smells like ass\". Lord help us
I don't believe in that \"but he\/she comes home to me every night\" bullshit. Fuck that your still a side bitch.
Duncan is the reason why the boys aren't dead or arrested.
Someone bring me in n out for the one time.
Holy jesus what a shot
This shit. CRC u need to block a kick
I been sleeping for like 17+ hours.
Happy 4th of July! (Or as some unkind American's suggest I describe it...... \"Losers' Day\").
| | So Fly |
Listening to people's voicemails is a new hobby.
I smoke to calm my mind
SYEP doing three much with the \"dress professionally\" for this orientation. I already have my job site.
Need for Speed + SNES controller = fucking awesome
\": Jens tryna play footsies rn and I'm not havin it\" I just need some lovin
There's no hot water in our dorm. Like the entire building. We're on hour 24 of this. RA literally does not care....
Looking For Alaska is becoming a movie and I couldn't be happier
And Brenda lol but that's my bitch.
I can't take another semester off or i'll never go back
This world is a disgrace
Doesn't matter if LeBron goes off. I doubt the others will show up
When you're 15 &amp; someone tells you they love you you're gonna believe them
Love is shady, Love is tragic, its hard to bury the hachet
\": Nothing good comes easily\" you have to work for it.
Mom hating on my excessive amount of naps
That has got to be painful
I have no connect in sac and I have no alcohol in my house. Tf is this.
just got off goliath @ six flags w. ez
SOMEONE JUST PRANK CALLED ME. THEY CALLED ME PENETRATION NATHAN
That goaly dead just fucked up
Chalmers benched Allen is starting....I smell victory
I'll never give up this hope. Miracles happen all the time
I ain't ate nothing but a bag of Cheetos and a granola bar all day .... How do I do it
trying to convince lauren that swisher sweets are candy
I feel like that's gonna come back around to kill me
Just get me home so I can watch
fuck three bitches at same time
I will never understand why candles are not edible
Wait isn't it weird that in 6 months it's going to be Christmas again??
ashamed that i didn't know about them earlier, but has useful keyboard shortcuts. press 'h' to see them.
Goal!! USA USA USA!!
This new pillow is the bomb
Strategy: take out all of best players
2 weeks til Cabo!
I need a nap. It's just hard to do so when the sun is still out at 8:50 at night! Work later may suck.
This one bird wakes me up every morning
How the hell does that fuckin happen
Rachel is the most disgusting person I know
\"Aye Portugal imma need yu to hold this right quick\" - Jermaine Jones
Happy national white girl wearing cut-off, high-waisted jean shorts with red, white, and blue crop top. Don't forget that peace sign y'all.
I want to delete all my social apps and just not talk to anyone for a while..I need a break from society
Pornstache giving me the creeps. I wanna see what happens with Poussey and Tastyee
If Ariana doesn't meet Jacob, I'm suing
Nigga did some karate shit
I just wanna get up and move and leave New York.
I honestly just want to drink and watch fireworks all weekend duh
Only thing I have to say about the NBA finals is maybe if the Heat get Carmelo they'll learn to play as a team.
(I know there are girls reading my tweets whose, in this case, eyes perked up when they saw Im selling my wardrobe...)
Why do we love mason jars tho?
Bee bloop boo bop I is robot
Don't leave me. I love you. Don't say that you love me cause what does it matter? You're going to leave me.
Wtf is happening on my Instagram picture
If my bedroom sounds like a club because the music across the street is so loud.. That's an issue.
Who? jermaine jaaaaaaoones
Sometimes I'm about to say something crazy but then this voice in my head just whispers \"chill\" and I just do. It's crazy
don't waste my time telling me nonsense .
con la forma en la q sexy me bailas \ny lo rico q tus labios me besan \na tu lado se me pasan las horas.
\": I want to have a bonfire this summer and literally just sit around, have fun, make memories.. that sorta thing\"am I invited
I love her outfit, I'd so rock it
No one \"picks\" a dead beat I'm so sicc of seeing that today !
I'm too rich to be dealing w nvm
My brother needa stop being light skin and text me back. FUCKKKKK
I've never been in so much, I think I'm dying
Sadly getting hit on by 12 year old ghetto lil spanish boys made my day
Things I like:\n\nBob Dylan impressions\n\nPeople who like the same type of mustard as me\n\nAppreciation of modern art\n\nFree wifi
I wanna Fuck
What you doing on fear factor if you cah swim \/:
\"I don't really know how to approach this but um were you being spanked last night?\"
Nothing feels like you Little Mix
Romero is Argentinas weak link
So I'm going to see what the fuss is all about
I really wish I wasn't so nice all the time.
Through all the ugly snapchats of me to sending me SOS texts loves watching the bachelorette
Man, I love my momma. Just had a talk with her about some stuff that I needed to tell her &amp; it felt good to tell her.
\"scratch my back and I won't talk about erections anymore\" ~ nate ruess
If I ever was to decide to be gay I would need a boo like Shane, minus all the monogamy problems lmao
I'm very particular with finding people attractive but I don't care
Wow silly me for thinking that people mean what they say :-)
The food emoji s look pretty good tbh
I'll be lighting sparklers from parking lot at Belmont w\/ , and today.
Good thing I just rubbed my eyes with hot sauce on my hands
Swiiiiiiishhhhhh goal woah!!!!!
I need a break from school
Boy you can call my phone at four in the morning
I want to get in a car, drive up to the beach, and fall asleep next to the ocean.
I cant believe i just gave my ice cream to my little brother :(
People of old navy, I'm just tryna go to frontier graduation on Friday so if you have an early shift please trade with me I have 1-10
Shoutout to and for supporting my ridiculous coffee addiction tweets
Quote of the day: did the strippers touch your butt?
Because my happiness is something to make fun of, right? Because I \"STALKED\" Gaga to meet her, right? Because Gaga hated meeting me, right?
Let's hope Rowan &amp; Harper's new entrance music isn't the beginning of the end of the
Sa fait quand un moment que j'ai pas twitter
I bet DB has never attended a broadway performance lil shit
Casually walking in 50 minutes late
If I talk to a chick and we chill nd I dnt hit it, we won't talk no more lol
Nitty is the funniest nigga alive
Lo bueno es que siempre hay personas que te alegran *-*
between &amp; , it's been an AMAZING week for video. We're gearing up for an amazing summer with lots of exciting surprises!
That was a mistake I should've never made.
Nick cannon tryna put some weight on I see
If you don't go to the beach tomorrow there will be issues
Jack White just rocked out Enter Sandman by METALLICA on stage in London!!! Damn wish I was there!
Usher about to kill it tho
If Tyler kept his beard, he would look more like an \"alpha\"
How you expect to have a relationship over text?
C.R.E.A.M. Cronuts Rule Everything Around Me
LAST CHANCE YOU FUCKIN CAN'T
Chem is so easy y'all buggin use the reference table lmfaoooo
We don't ever be on that soft shit but she knows I love herrrrr lol
The past 2 days I've had 1 3\/4th sandwiches
I \"literally can't\" that they're playing late-2000's regina spektor in this bank right now
Yeah thanks for putting me in a bad mood for the rest of the night
There's a meeting in my bedroom so boy don't you be lateeeee
sunglasses shud Just b called Weather glasses I need Them Shitss always
I don't want to leave California, can't wait to move to SD
I hate getting woken up
Damn. That movie was actually pretty good, mainly the ending
Just because I let you go doesn't mean I wanted too.
Ahora si se puede abrir un hoyo en la tierra &amp; tragarme al infierno
It's poring out boonies going to go to the pool! If I have work imma kinda be upset bec I have so much wash and packing to do
As surprising as it sounds...I'm actually excited to back at home!
used to be my nigga for live. but its whatever man
Strawberries &amp; Nutella = all I need in life.
My grandma told me if I get a tattoo her &amp; my grandpa won't love me anymore..thanks?
\"Can we just please take cute pictures because I love you\"
Mfs be tweeting and instagramin in bed with unbrushed teeth. Get ur life together.
1 am.... Sleep is for the weak
COREY IN THE HOUSE IS ON RN CRYING
Jesse Chavez holding a bat like he'll be the emergency hitter.
Staying in a NYU dorm tonight I feel like you'll understand how excited I am xoxo
I told Nader I missed him
Why is leg so fucking high give that bitch nigga a card
I think my uncle went to the gym lol
I'll never forget David Stern fucking vetoing that trade I'm still salty af
That guy just bent it like posh spice.
HOLY SHIT!!!! WHAT A FUCKING GOAL!!!
I hope your two favorite bands play at the same time during warped tour.
Aww I sometimes miss talking to Javi he was such a great guy lol one friend of my brother that I liked nd Ricky he made me laugh a lot
But deadass, why august alsina look like super hero static shock
He had me caught up for a moment, but it's the weekend. Let me smash that...
what is a jacob follow like literally how does it feel?
FUCKING MADE IT UP
Bag pack. Car ready. Look out dean here I come!!
I would literally commit suicide after this moment if I were Bettman
My money is on Vicki \"The Cougar\" Guerrero tonight. Now prepare to be excused .
It would be nice to live the life you always wanted...
my mom annoys me so much .
Dempsey is an American hero
Chances are there's still a chance
I just spent 10 mins looking at screen caps from episodes of drake and josh so there's that
If you make out with 7 people, can you still call it a cocktail party?
normcore at bedford.
Quake lineup announcement this Wednesday! I promise you, this one's gonna be good
My roommate is dunzo and it wasn't even 10:45 yet.
My eyes will not stop watering...
I still believe I can get taller lol
Should be studying but twitterying instead
I can only imagine how heartbreaking that is
Question is who doesn't love April Ludgate
US needs to get in there !
I can't even spell that's how hungry I am gawd damn
I fucking hate these cooling breaks. Fucking keep playing. There are only 15 minutes left. Wtf
I can hear Cody's car coming from 81
Can you be your own person and stop trying to be me thanks
I'm all wet
Packing. I will never be good at it.
seriously dreading tomorrow and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday ...
There's people barely getting hair drivers license my age? Damn.
why is it so hard to make plans to go to the beaccchhh like just bring some shit &amp; comeeee
Good to know my hair dye is gluten free
Hold up we dem boyz
I need a nap and a blanket or a friend
Como cuando camina una muchacha con tremendos sancos y se cae,haci mismo me dio ganas de reirme en la geta de mi \"amigo\".
Big KRIT going down as one of the greatest southern rappers of all time. Guaranteed.
yooo my mom goes in on me when I drop noodles on the stove &amp; leave them there lmfaaaao
Ok so today fucking ended up a major disaster. Going home to sleep off some heavy narcotics, courtesy of UVMC.
\"I drank to drown my sorrows, but the damned things learned how to swim.\"\n-Frida Kahlo
I know I piss you off \nGive me a chance.
I'd be enjoying this summer 100% more if I wasn't sick
Siri better stfu not trying to wake up my mom
That was a waste. Feed Clint
need to get away
The struggle of so many baggages to go home to the Philippines
dam my calfs are still fucked up
Some people have the worst sense of humor
Watching the world cup, still not better than the superbowl
Half the people talking shit are penguins fans, we fucking hate you and you hate us.
I hate texting non iPhone users
God damn. Now to wait another 10,000 months for season 5.
Hay its bobby hope your fine down there.love always. Bob.
Apparently I live under a rock because I've never watched Forrest Gump. Sorry, just not appealing.
lets get it to number CMON GUYS WE CAN DO THIS.... we area family
All the superheroes are super worried. I'll be here all night.
Whenever I listen to when somebody loved me I think of meggy:)
My mom can kill my vibe in a matter of seconds
Ahh, summer. That time of year when I eat every day instead of every other day.
I dunno\n\nI don't need to know.\n\nI don't know what I'm typing about.\n\nI'm asleep. sleep-type-typing.\n\n&amp; stuff. no. just that. no other stuff.
Shout out to the who an get the second they hear ...
I swear tumblr be reading my mind
I seem happier than what I actually am
How do I spell relaxation? and trash tv
Wtf is everyone gonna tweet about when the World Cup is over
Manu. Fuckin. Ginobli.
Especially the dulce de leche waffle from Wafels and Dinges omgg
Somehow it's 2am and I've been sucked into watching David Beckham: Into the Unknown
Holy shit we started middle school like 5 years ago what is time what is life I'm scared of the future 5 more years I'll prolly be homeless
Head shot, red dot, we don't shoot twice
FTFY RT Oh ya i just got hurt, but then 2 mins later I smile and I'm perfectly fine. &lt;- most NBA players
i wish these futbol announcers would narrate my life
I hate fighting over something stupid. when you fight over something dumb you usually forget why you were even fighting in the first place.
Casinos RT : Last time I seen a Native American was on Pocahontas
it's lovely to be home and all, but i miss hearing british &amp; scottish accents already
Just spent $2 on an organic peach. Because: America.
EVERYTHING!!!! thank you.
I just cried for the last half hour of jersey boys so
Omg as much as I love lookin at iggy she's fuckin trash
Be who you want to be not what other people want to see.
I rly hope the Cadets take home the title this year tho
I'm tired of seeing all these bitches hair died the same fuckn colors smhhh that shit starting to look hurt now
There are some things you can't get back
However, you can't give out something you don't have. To have others like themselves around you, you've got to build your self-confidence.
I would do anything to go back in time and redo everything to prevent this all from happening
I think it's strange that you think I'm funny, cause he never did.
Did he just ask if they does pay on kfc Lmao
Well, tonight I am done for good with the for the month of June. I am ready for beach season!
So Low Key you'll never know it's me
It doesn't count as a double text if you've texted me 400 times in the past five days.. Js
Great scenes after Costa Rica overcomes a red card to go through to the quarters. How can you not love this game?
Enjoy Independence Day but remember this day is more than just a day for picnics,party's and beach trips. Never forget our freedom.
it's curtains for me early tonight
this vs cena segment is good &amp; hahaha yes a fatal 4 way for cena good for him
Im probably just gana start making slaps again!
This games too good to study
Tryna get high and smash some.
It's actually really crazy that this maybe the last time I see most of these people ever again.
That moment your heart sinks into the pit of your stomach... God why do I care....
Why is it that every location I'm stuck with is staffed by idiots who never get my orders right?
Charles always just calls me \"Lex\" lol
Better yet is to share it all from the middle. Then also share with the strong poor to repeat. Then the rich have nothing to take. Think .!.
If &amp; its a BIG \"IF\" the Knicks do a sign &amp; trade w\/Carmello going to the rockets for Harden I think it would be a good trade
someone is about to cry and go home.
there comes a point in life where you are ready to move on and start a new chapter in your life and forget about everything you leave behind
I've grown to like Bre's kitten, and it's the only cat I will ever like.
Finally heading back to San Jose. SF it's been real.
Gonna go make a s'more outside bc I can't handle my fam
I leave to work so early that I have the option of letting multiple trains pass me by.
I don't get you people but that's why we can't converse
I use fishing metaphors way too often
What I really don't understand is why niggaz keep fake pillow talking girls, when they already fucking them.
\/\/\/aggressively hints that Disney should hire me for photography work\/\/\/
Paige's mom just walked in the room and said \"aren't you skanky girls gunna take a shower\"
Oooo that was beautiful
After taking a shower with no hot water, I understand what Leonardo dicaprio went through during titanic.
Keep forgetting I graduate on Saturday lmao
calllll meeee CAMMMM\n
Either way these Uptown Girls is all sayin Beng Aqui.
You're the worst kind of addiction
Wearing a dfb t-shirt.
65 - ayye you cool people love the way you dress.
Well I'm a dork I forgot to take in my last tweet ahahahah
Let's fucking go!!!!!
Taylor Twellman's suit game is always on point
Dang someone has to miss haha
My throat is so sore and it hurts to swallow anything. At least it gives me reasons to drink milkshakes the next few days.
todo cambiia cuando estas a mi lado-88
know what I think is underrated? bagels
Checkout started by Eric the 15-year old from Idaho
Fair play to the Ticos. Sammy doesn't get to kick? Nice job picking the guys.
1 - 0 already
u r a dumb bitch :)
I fucked ur WCW and it wasn't even Wednesday
7am sessions at the gym be the bless. I'm just really exhausted
Grab cool calendar, stickers &amp; such for school visits from back of conference room (thanks !)
Do people still use call boxes?
Spit your game, talk yo shit, grab your gat, call yo clique
I play dumb , never been a fool.
Someone message me idec if I hate you
Yabba dabba doo
Oooh boy do I have a surprise for yuhh
Tried give my mom a kiss on her cheek but she ran away ... God damn lol
I can't wait to get home from class and watch my future husband (Cristiano) play later
I remember when liv used to never talk now she gives no fucks
Was this out of tune ice cream truck driven here from a horror movie, or a child safety PSA?
Who the fuck calls an ass \"back piece\" ?!
Where do u wear a shirt that gives u a lot of side boob
You can't just say you tryna win, you have to be putting in the foot work that comes wit it.
THAT MATCH WAS LIKE TEN MINUTES LONG OH MY GOD
I almost feel like 8am is mad at me cause I keep waking up at 10
Bout to go d-wade hit em with the heat
He's dead speaking every mans thoughts Lmfaoo
WELL PORTUGAL YOU ARE PISSING ME OFF. ONE JOB PORTUGAL ONE JOB!
This has really inspired me to visit Ghana or really any hotel directly inside this team's locker room
Migraine isn't getting better. Time to head to hospital :(
\"Chu chu train, I'm on a plane and a boat\"
I think startups are probably scarier than Double Jeopardy because you're a contestant every day forever
Such a nice goal omg
You must be obsessed with my life and my friends lives if you constantly make fun of us or talk shit
El te hiba a robar y por eso me puse celosa :(
Finally identified someone who talks more than me haha
So I fux wit Rachel Surdel
Im not even gonnah press the like button
Put it on ya ima need bout 4\/5 beds cause I love my papi
Portugal been greeting burned on that right side all game
Keeping everything to myself from now on.
They stay doing that shit, one time they switched my new apple headphones for some wax encrusted yellow ones like I wouldn't notice
I take that back--Ronaldo, suck it that's how you score a goal
\" I've never been more threatened in my whole life\" alyssa talking about the guy who highbeemed her and passed her on the highway
All I did was take gangsters to church
Spurs gon get that chip tonight
lol omg my moms gonna be in the fourth of july parade
I think if u live in the Tully otisco Marcellus area u should prob come to d&amp;r and get Ice cream
My life is fucking over man
This is why I don't wear a long tight maxi dress fuck my life
I'M PRETTY SURE I'LL REGRET IT LMFAO
I always think I'm above sunscreen on my first beach day and always regret it very quickly
Time to get Messi
Gone be traveling state to state in the next 6 months
Had no clue Fireside did half price apps
It should be illegal to not have a Starbucks for 30 miles.
SO glad I walked into the theater in time to see the ad for a \"best time to pee during the movie\" app.
Relationship aren't relationship like they use to be when are parents where born &amp; it's sad &amp; pathetic
One of the nuns I'm staying with just called me evil because I shot her with a water gun lol
\"I heard Ben Franklin is hung like a race horse\" quote of the day
Fuck you costa rica and your luxuriously beautiful country and people
DIOS , SIEMPRE ESTA CONMIGO , \nDEJO TODO EN TUS MANOS ....
Don't trust these bisexual girls. They ain't bout shit. Always looking for a come up
People who drive the speed limit are my main case of anxiety
Altidore better be okay!
~stay out of montclair~this is a subtweet~and yes it is directed at you~
Nope and I'm not going to ever RT : Did you ever end up proposing to her?
\": I apologize for Callahan being an asshole on twitter, it's just his nature\" tag me next time..
I judge you if you measure time in 'sleeps'.
There is a 4 alarm fire a mile from my house.
My eyes feel like their gonna bleed
likeeeeee you don't know me. Lmao
I'm scared to check my bank account tbh
I feel like you stalk my account but I could care less tbh
Also, they don't sell wine at Whole Foods in New York.
Today, I consider myself the luckiest fan on the face of the earth
While we were at our worst God gave us His best!!\n
And Ronaldo slicing like a cheap butcher!
GUYS I GET TO SEE IN 7 DAYS
I can't wait to be a man in my 50's ill wear loafers, polos, comfortable sweaters, and chinos. Hopefully ill have a dope beard to.
Wanna take the car and go for a joyride\/adventure right about now
Me and my friends need to hire a chauffeur
this class is gonna be a rough one
Idk how people tend to still talk to me when they backstabbing me at the same time.
i said my lips was chapped\nso you kissed me\nand i kissed u back
Another day, another 80's song playing. \"Girls Just Wanna Have Fun\" on the radio again. This week is 80's.
Sorry Lebron. Leave this shit team already
I need like 5 summer hook ups
Ladies would you date ugly and faithful?
It crazy how that one special person can kill your whole mood for the longest
Fuck if I'm subbing idc I got every reason to rn BS
Can one of my in host the site in their if they take it down? Ayatollah go go
When shit gets real niggas nowhere to be found...\nfamily only
In such a weird mood... Want to crack open my bottle of wine and watch the Bach\/cry but ik my mom will judge me on so many levels
NYC so expensive idk how my mom live here everyday
Upset at myself for being stupid in this situation .
OH MY GOSHHHHH DIMPSEY
16 (another one) you're so nice we should talk more :)
Happy to see Messi finally score... He desperately needed a nice goal at the World Cup
I was still fat\/ugly in the beginning of 9th grade hahah
Everything happens for a reason. And that reason may be because you're an asshole
Shit if my parents finds out i cut myself. I don't knoe what will happen
i love high school ditchin class,gettin fucked up, nuttin in the bitch with the thickest ass.
Truthfully idgaf about this game I just wanna go home
Do u ever just feel sad for no reason?
This girl at the OneRepublic concert has some serious side boob action going on
the best type of pants to wear are no pants
I wanna play soccer so badly I miss it
I will stand for inner beauty for life.
My brain feels like someone put it in a blender
*puts hand on forehead out of disappointment*
Making this shit awkward
-u went the wrong way \n-fuck \n-I use 2 come here w.my dad! Ive been here 4 5days\n-Oh thats cool *whispers 2my sis* lets leave b4 he kills us
I think I'm gonna lay off booze for a bit lol..
LOL trying to hold so much anger in&lt;
Did lebron really take himself out of this game with 6 mins left?? Don't think Kobe or Jordan would EVER have done that in the finals.......
I wonder if he left his car key. I need my bag
If I don't find something to do in the next 5 minutes, ima just tap frfr
Gonna replay Skyrim with mods. Shoutout to Mason for buying it last year. Now that I won't drive I need to stay entertained.
If you're artistic and creative you automatically get points with me
Gummy pre natal s taste sooooo good. I could jus eat tha bottle
Todas van re formales y yo no traje ni ropa
I want a thigh tattoo
Obama need to gone and force ... And legalize weed ... Nigga know he use to get high af
How can someone not realize how bad their makeup looks on them .... Fix it gurl
Goallllllllllll USA woahhhhhhh
Got invited to a non-alcoholic bachelor party. What kind of shit is that?
Holy shit I just screamed \"goal\" so loud
Working with stupid people makes me cranky.
deciding what to get for lunch even though i start work in like almost 2 hours..
Squats don't make yo ass bigger
I'm attracted to nice boys so if you think that by being rude is going to make me like you your wrong
Earthworm Eat Jim Morrison
you apologize to the world but never me
\"It kills me not to know this, but I've all but just forgotten what the color of her eyes were.\"
I love you so much !! ShawnAim freaking out because less than one hour left until !!!!
Great time Wall Street 5K for although it was hot as blazes. Guess I passed my stress test!
I am getting Starbucks for sure before school tomorrow. That way I'll be refreshed AND have something to dump on the little a-holes.
Lol. I only have myself to blame. Laughing at myself so hard right now ?
THIS IS WHY HOWARD IS ON THE ADIDAS COMMERCIAL
One hour being w\/ her and shit goes wrong already...
Why don't you go fix you and maybe God will fix your husband!
I want my raider jersey already!
Little Me Little Mix
Waiting for Avicii!!!! But this guy opening is really good! :D
We can try and know what the world is. But we can only think like humans. Our mind has limits. The word mind doesn't even exist to god.
lets go Bosnia!!!!
My dad's Instagram icon is a picture of himself in a penguin costume.
I dont even like you why are you still following me lol
Oh Hell Yeah!!! 2-1
69- ilu so much babe and I can't wait to be with you again
Nick Cannon bout to make me cut my fro.
Everyone at knitting factory is an asshole
The only thing I learned from fuckin wit you is to NEVER fuck wit you again.
Last day of junior year... Woah
\": 1 MINUTE TILL OUR ALBUM IS OUT\"THIS BETTER BE IN AMERICA RIGHT
3 of my last 5 meals were protein smoothies. The other 2 were a bagel and an onion baguette. I got this health &amp; fitness shit down.
As soon as it started raining Anita Baker came on.
I'm contemplating gauging my own eyes out because I can't stand seeing the stupid shit you keep spewing
O panico e foda!
Dammit so many chances no results Now on to the most heart-stopping, gut-wrenching part! Penalties C'mon
When you look at me with no hesitation and you tell me baby it's yours nobody else's
Mama nature is bipolar... one day it's hot AF, another day it's gloomy and ridiculously windy, now it's raining?! It's summer!...
Can't wait to just chill and drink with my boys today
Is Koons like Paddy Johnson or Jerry Saltz?
My wifi isn't working. This is what anxiety feels like.
C'mon Let's knock out Portugal
like deadass you'll never meet someone thottier than her
Mirad hay un post en mi blog sobre las mejores peliculas para chicas , leedlo y opinad ya vereis , el link en mi bio:3
Literally they're so stupid I can't even handle this right now
While is happening now in (), it's here in !
We will probably never understand Black Holes. Or, why women fall madly in love with douchebags niggas
We go to dinner and you don't look at me to pay
I miss you all the time \n:)
I hate those people who post stuff about how they love there sport 24\/7 and how it's life...like ok we get it
Who remembers love line on late night radio?
It will work miracles
Pretty sure I'm the whitest person at this beach. Thanks a lot .
drank a little too much last night
Tv's these days give off so Much heat, you gotta blast the AC
Yankees killing it tonight. Totally unexpected!
Asha and Derrick can't date. You didn't even trust him.
Just saw Transformers 4. \nBlew. My. Mind.
Happy hour at Sweet water pub with the fam
Shit its almost 9. And im laying down still.
Or if i knew where tuna came from... Like what kind of animal
I needed to hear that shit I hate when your submissive
BACK TO BACK BRETTT BABY WOOO
My afternoons won't b the same no more...
Work for next 4 days and hello 3 day weekend
I'm really just excited to have my own dorm room so I can walk around in my towel after I shower.
Moms burnt it fat this morning A1
Either I see at this show...or he has a doppleganger. ?
I want to see the fault in our stars again. In the mood for a good 90 minute crying sesh.
Hmm what series to start on Netflix...
When people say I'm a hater...I got need for you,\n\nI AM.
I am so mad i missed usa's goal.
\": I'm sorry has no one ever seen a girl get a hair cut before?? Shut the fuck up seriously...\" I'll fuck a niqquh up
Shiiiit im already getting sore from the work out ealier, yehh budddy!
Gotta have some brews wit the pops rn
My bed hugs me in ways unimaginable
Ik I'm not the only one who thinks this
\": there is so much new stuff, it's amazing\" huhhh
Somebody going ham on a gossip site. Catching feelings over rumors that are not your life
I have this bad habit that when some scary shit happens or like the door opens alone I be like \" wtf bitch \" like that's going to save me
Can't wait to get my 2nd paycheck and to go back to fucking work
I know every word to Ace Ventura
I don't know what it is but you Leo's drive me crazy
Didn't use my resources to their full potential
Cause it feels so much better when they chose to not be in your life
my followers are all beautiful and look like models. i want to marry y'all
more Zenigatas tomorrow, i require sleep
Jogging in this weather is absolutely tolerable
Join Glaser Drive JULY 2 @ 8-9:00pm at the Parkside Lounge. Proceeds go through OneFamily 2 families of Eyal,Gilad&amp; Naftali
Why am i so emotional, no its not a good look and some self control..
Ugh big brother is getting too complicated for my ass!!
MySpace use to bang though. It's stupid now idek understand it lol
\": like to be alone when they are upset &amp; talk after they had sometime to think about it.\"
There's no greek flag emoji soooo this tweet is dedicated to Greece
Really hard to tell where that ball was going--slowest goal ever.
when you go to 4th late but get a readmit and they still call your house saying you missed 4th... hm pretty sure i was there
Glava me boli.
if you want something fight for it , nothing in life comes easy
Brasil le gana a los cafeteros.....y les dice: Que mi Dios se lo pague?
Dios mediante y el Sr se reponga pronto del parcanse sufrido este dia. Fuerzaa!!
I get tired of looking at the same people everyday.
Don't start thinking God make you for yourself. He made you for Him.
I live this life at a pace that anyone can go, Know your place and dedicate your role, to the faith that you'll die alone
Do you think it will work?!!
you have a bald spot? ditch the skateboard
Annnndddd this moment is where Macklemore wrote 'Thrift Shop.' You know, cuz Andi made him feel cheap. Get it.
Watching a walk to remember with a box of tissues next to me
Ginobili just dunked on your whole freaking team Heat fans!
Think like a man too...with a couple friends.
How long does it take to use to restroom..
Exteneded my stay in SF for Pride :)
Rick Andrews and Louis Kornfeld are HILARIOUS! Best duo improv I've seen in a while.
now for the win
My heart hurts that I'm not at pride with right now
Love is overrated, I just want the touch.
I refuse to let anyone ruin my night !
Idk how I'm waking up tomorrow for da beach
Be HUGE at the little things. They matter more than ANYTHING else.
0 to 4 Hunnid Real Quick
I see you lookin' w your lookin' ass nigga.
medina &amp; I belong in a mental ward
Squeezed in a run before Arthur gets here &amp; rains on our parade.
I think Eddie Vedder may have personally made the Songza 90s alternative playlist.
It's so weird that we even ask people \"how are you\" because no one answers anything but \"good\" like can't we just skip the formalities here
Ppl are attracted to power ... And whatever brings them power ... Now it depends on what's power to u
\"I will say a prayer with every heartbeat\"
Costa Rica had put everything out there and deserve to take this game. Greece has barely manage 1 against 10 men. Go home.
Turnup for our bags being delayed for an hour and half
O Hindus, don't worship any man or animal put in a temple. Follow Gods authorized by Shastra.
This place just erupted
Not a fan of keke's outfit
Looking through my pics from my trip to Hawaii this past winter makes me more eager to return this winter!
Somebody do throw some crazy party Saturday night, I'm in need of a good time.
This is a waddup tweet to all my tweeps
I have an attention deficit disorder! Leave me tf alone.
Holy shit I actually fell for it, All your lies.and bs
I just love soccer
She got all da outta pocket pics lmao
I'm all about her and she's all about her
Watchin the game at Applebee's currently
I probably could take a nap during graduation...
I love ashlins mom
Fuck I'm late for teen wolf
Amos Lee concert
The flyers are trying to dump Lecavalier's contract. the return for a 34yo declining center is secondary to getting him off the books (1\/2)
CMON I WOULD PICK ALL YALL ASSES UP IF YOU WERE STRANDED AND I HAD A CAR THAT DIDNT BLOW UP ONCE A WEEK
I gotta tell ya, Birthday Show + IPhone + AppleTV = Magic! Well done and crew!
I feel like discussing your period is completely weird
My Understandings by Of Mice and Men is my new favorite song.
Just joined (French Institute Alliance Francaise) . Let the fun and French begin! Oh la la!
I joined PETA to donate and feel good, but they send me disturbing and sad emails so it ruins the happy feeling
I just want to be your one and only.
GOOOOAAALLLLL FUCK YES
Lmao idk why anyone stresses anymore over people's ignorance. I shrug that off cause I don't expect much from people anymore
Does anyone want a bunny for $80 everything included , lmk !
Things I'll miss about NYC &gt; stewed chicken w\/ rice &amp; peas *sigh*
3 baby daddys i aint trynna be 4
why did I even come on this vacation
Big thanks to and company over at for letting me crash at their place to get some work in this morning in SF.
Why do girls get mad at other girls because their boyfriend was trying to cheat. Lol, like girl get your man. IT WAS HIM
Omgggggg so sunburnt -_- definitely tanner than you now sorry round 2 next weekend lmao
I'm a sucker for $400 vouchers + free breakfast. Time to buy a book and relax for an extra hour!
needs to stretch more. Hammy after hammy after hammy
who the fuck steals a bathing suit
Oh My God!! What A Strike By Jones!! GoUsaGo!!
HAS HE CALLED U YET LOL
Announcer just talked about how often Ghana allows goals in the first 5 minutes.
That was me lmao cx one of the fans
Graham Stratford steals home, Blues 5-0 over San Bruno, bottom 4
Creepy Spanish men everywhere
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Carter V will be good because Wayne is back on the syrup
Clint Dempsey plays for the Sounders so you know that boy good.
Happy birthday to one of the greatest girls out there love you forever mac! xo
So basically today was surprise Christmas offices today. Unsure as to how I'm gonna get everything home...
I'm comfortable in bed. There's nothing you can offer that will get me out of this bed. I'm crazy glued to this muthafucker!
you brought it to a whole new level omg.
Drew blood, that's a double minor right? #
Do you ever dream of candy coated raindrops?
Theres an alcohol vape now? Well that just about seals it. I will be drunk the rest of my life
ken i think u need to go to a mental hospital
Yooo that Chile annoying jahh tf !
Come On with this promo on
Alicia keys - unthinkable....never gets old
All my fav shows are coming back this summer aaahhh aaaand I'm just noticing the theme...
there's really no stopping me when I'm frustrated or upset.
I get into these moods that drive me crazy, literally if anyone speaks to me i start crying
Studio today use that hash tag if you really down
It's been one year since the beautiful was the OLLG. Wow, time flies by.
What a life...what a life that I've been given
\"We supposed to be young and free\" .. Right on charles, right on!
never been so happy to bring someone home
You know what to do with that big fat butt. WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE
So basically I wouldn't be where I am?
Aww the studio version of one my heart....
And with the first pick in the the Panthers select THE HEAT DEATH OF ALL MOCK DRAFTS
\": Kyndle really tried to push me infront of the bart train\"
This has been the coolest day and it's not even over yet
HATE BITCHES LIKE THIS \": then you think everybody nigga wants you NO they want a piece of you &amp; you gone be quick to give it up\"
I never really look at twitter unless im really bored and have nothing better to do
I guesss that's just how it is
Already saw it.....
One of my biggest pet peeves is when people say \"I seen...\"
I need to find some lady friends that will do a group cosplay of all of alice's outfits in madness returns
Portugal has a 2 - 1 victory
I still wanna be sleeping.
Just wish you were here
Running in this heat is like running with garbage bags on
Actually pretty fuckin annoyed
I feel like we've seen this MITB match participants like every single year.
Party party lets throw a party
Jermaine jones is now a national hero
If you read between the lines girl you can tell I want you
let me turn my phone off
On a side note, my Pepsi tastes like Cola
IT FEELS LIKE SOMETHINS HEATING UP, CAN I LEAVE WITCHU? Ladies...
These slo-mo cheering faces are killing me.
Need to get unsick by Friday so I can go out &amp; get sloppy. Lmao what's the quickest way to get rid of this
Chuck Schumer is at graduation. Woahhhhhh
All I'm trying to do is nap on the hammock and bugs are like attacking me
You start off hating country, then you like that one song, and then you can't stop listening to it
driving home blasting the academy is&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
These are the exact days i wish i had someone to go do shit with. Its my day off, its beautiful out. But nahh, im all alone today haha
I don't go to the beach or do yoga
Wow a goal already?
Put your hands in the air if your friend has a bitchy sister
Whiskey and Saint Laurent.
That was like the worst thing that could've possibly happened
British person: wot is ur fauvourouriute coulourur?
What a bittersweet ending to a fantastic show. , thank you for 8 beautiful seasons on Wisteria Lane.
THAT WAS NOT SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN!!! What did I just do?!??
HOW DID USA SCORE A GOAL ON LESS THEN A MINUTE
why the fuck. is everyone in a relationship?! everyone i know.
My cousin's cooking for me tonight. Ihope she doesn't kill me
take a step back and think about your life.
no hands in that pussy on my Waka Flocka shit ooowwweee
Plus I heavily fw the weather lol
OMG CANT WAIT FOR TOMORROW ITS GOING TO BE PERFECT OMGMMGMGMGMGMG
And the award for the worst timed bowl movements and regurgitations goes to
Leaving for Costa Rica @ 7am tomorrow and I'm still not packed
Don't ever worry about things that don't worry about you.
Its literally the BIGGEST struggle for me to stay up past 12 anymore like wtf????
I've been at work all day I almost forgot about this bae!!
I hate bitches that try to start fights
I hate when my moms on a cleaning spree and just assumes that I'm down to be her swiffer slave as soon as I wake up
I guess I'll just have to read the books to fill this 10 month gap
I only wanna watch Carroe right now cause of Ansel Elgort
Yea already confused by teen wolf in the first 5 minutes but like is still hot as fuckkkkkk
I couldnt even lose my cool right now if I wanted to \nVery surprised I have my phone
I'm a Jacob girl but still Jacob hasn't noticed me
Gade Plezi Spurs ap banm mesyeu ! Ak chanpyon wouye sa yo
\": Nothing hurts worse than finding out the person you hoped and wanted to fall in love and be with won't be that person\" LISTEN!
Maybe you just need to come with me as a tour guide lol
Bedoya out - he's a
I love you.. you have no idea how much I need this
Man I missed the east coast
I'm just sittin in the studio trying to get to you baby baby baby
Call me tiger woodie
Fuh. Missed boa, gs, ct, for that yoon life but f mission peak. Ran that ish though with big sis nara lmao
If I have to work today, might as well do it in the proper style... red\/white t shirt and blue shorts.
Just reup'd on some peppermint spray . I dare somebody to fuck with me . Lol
Dempsey's killin it
Enga me chupa un ojo, pero engaaa.
Coverd in salt water rain water and boat scrub
Feeling like I want to do things but then I'm not sure or feel like I want things but then I'm not sure.
Just because you walk away from a fight does not mean your a punk, it sometimes means that your saving a life. You might be saving yours
Like yea pls continue kissing and jumping on each other I'm begging you
These next 3 days need to go faster
GO HOME , please, I beg you, leave
Next boyfriend will have a pool ok i hope god sees this tweet
*moving on from moves on to * let the process start!!!!!!
Soccer is too funny
Where is Fatau Dauda??? This Kwarasey guy is not killing it for me
I Deadass been standing for 6 hours straight, I feel like my legs bouta snap in half
Wat happened with Nick Cannons hair?
Yoruba men would stop lying and cheating
I am always thankful for conversations with , especially when they involve Baudrillard and Facebook profiles.
i s2g if I start my period when I leave I will kms bc I started mine for the first time the last time I went camping
Been sitting in front of yosufs house waiting for him to poop
A teacher from my school is reffing the world cup
Ghana got scored on in 30 seconds? Lol
what can i say? i still did my best and i achieved what i always wanted
Anyone who is mad about the Flores demotion is clueless. They clearly don't believe in him. Let him rake in Vegas and trade him
Today can lick my bro hole
Wait...was that a theatrical trailer....for a blu ray release?! Lol stay poverty wwe films
I'd tweet another chem jokes but all the good ones argon.
Baby turn around and let me see that sexy body go BUMP BUMP BUMP
should've brought my leather with me
can't get through a day without a nap
Oh no. Please no Altidore...
learning to write my own Website
really jealous bc michael is going to Italy.....
So big booties are a inspiration!? *starts hitting the squats* YASSSS !
My roommate is actually from Zimbabwe.... Idk if this is cool or not haha
Before i leave i must have a slice from johhnys in dyckmam nom nom nom
She's on her computer and I'm eating ice cream
You sometimes forget that you don't know me. Here let me remind : FCK OFF
Cant everyone looks so good in the mv
Wat u kno? RT\": Pssh plz -_-RT : Stunt nigga!!\"
Anyone selling a UMG Dallas team pass? Let me know.
HEY YOU SHOULD SLIDE IN MY DMS
I love how a song can open a flood of emotions that you weren't even aware you had!
Don't forget about Emily's bday party this Saturday
Wasting time is a huge pet peeve of mine
Shoutout to everyone who left me tonight
hieneken decia la remera nqv ajajajajajaj nunca heinekenn :p
Jozy Jozy NOOO
i hope u know u could never be too tired to cry and you could never be too live to die....
Don't you ever just get that feeling where everything annoys you and when you talk to someone they just piss you off even more
Chilling in long island with the family today
\"I love Barnes and noodles\" kids are great
Im in such a weird mood
en un salon nunca falta el jalabolas que vive sentado al lado del profesor siempre
It's nice not to be so alone, but I hold on to secrets.
I'm such a little kid when it comes to doing stuff like watching fireworks, I love it
why is skylynn tanner than you
No names not even a minute
rt if u feel sori 4 me
Can't wait to splurge and party out in socal for my 21st!
Even when the guess right its not a save. Only way you miss in pk's is hitting the bar or a lucky save by the keeper
Nothing will fix the VA system. It should be dissolved. Care for VETS should be folded into the federal system.
I can't wait to eat dinner
Even though that makes me a dumb ass
Why does Pharrell have on Nigel Thornberry's hat
dead tired, shower then hopefully go straight to sleep
DEMPSEY IS EVERYTHING
Everybody's out doing fun stuff and I'm just here watching tv.
Lol wow i look stoned in my picture on here wut da hell
Me gustan gordita sexy , no gordaaaaa, sexy
BET Awards was like Halloween for
Sister made a good point. \"Grigor Dimitrov sounds like a Harry Potter character\"
The world won't be perfect until suicide stops being a thing
Wonder who James Neal will head shot in the west.
Where the fuck is dani at
Looking back at my old pictures like wtf
Stanton in 4th place NL OF voting is a joke 20 2B 20 HR 58 RBI 7 SB 307\/.399\/.587\/.986
my mom can't even roll in her fucken Rollie chair let alone drive after two glasses of wine lmao
sometimes I feel like I deserve my own reality show
First week of classes and then I go back to Jersey City on Thursday. This week really needs to fly by!
Who's Viewed Your Profile is the greatest social feature of all times
If you ever wondered I'm lonely here tonight
Fun times in Albany last night! Pittsburgh bound for at Wytch House tonight!!
But no it's always some fucking joke
I don't get what goes through people's minds now a days, I really don't lol
How you hmu then not respond are u mentally ok ?
One of My closest friend got the opportunity to come to the US to play soccer ! God bless him and his future career
I love PKs.. when it's not my team playing
I promise I'll make you really proud dad
Todays all about you America \nPass the American flag colored blunt
I'm probably gonna have a stroke and die on Tuesday you heard it here first
im no mans daughter
I'm always dead after full shifts how am I gonna be a real adult and do this Mon-Fri
\"On my bookshelves there are quite a lot of different types of books, because I have an enriched mind.\"
left my top down last night, so it's not even 6:30am &amp; that's how my day is off to a start
This graduation foood at this restaurant about to put me in a good mood ya herd
All of the technology that goes into making 3D movies and they can't do ANYTHING to improve the glasses??
Speaking of debates, Shapiro says debates over science, over policy, within agencies is what causes the data messes Glantz spoke of
Hahahah wow some people are really weird, but I'd take weird over a lot of other things
There're certain things that he must do things that he must say like I love you I need you&amp; only want you but nobody's gonna know the truth
So much drama for no reason
enough with your deranged tweets. you do one thing and tweet another. get it togethhhhaaaaaa.
It's crazy how one song can bring back so many memories
literally quit on life today. took a 5 hour nap. watched Netflix when I wasn't sleeping. nice summer so far.
SUNDAY. MORNING. FOOTBALL. IS. BACK.
A stretcher for a hamstring
when will bangladesh be in this
how do i make one of those automatic dms saying im sorry for spamming like is that a thing
If only i could drink away my problems
In honor of graduation today tb to when I forgot my tassel and sprinted around Ualbs in my dress dripping sweat and never found it...
When it feels this good then it just comes natural..
So i get my housing from and it turns out I have a male roommate. Uhhh no thanks?
The world is to big for these little problems
Especially since you have work the next day. Ok seriously. You don't work this hard when I ask you to help me w\/my things
Do whatever you want but be good at whatever you do
First of all I don't even know what it is that I want exactly. Second, the minute I feel it's getting serious, I'll run away.
Just praying to a god that I don't believe in
Been laying down in bed hopefully this pain goes away fuuuuuck
I will stop watching basketball if Melo goes to the Rockets...
you're crazy if you think im deleting 204 tweets
I never been to Central Park bout to walk in there for the first time
HUGE THANK YOU 2the for their support of ! We look forward 2many years ahead! cc:
You hold me without touch, you keep me without chains
I can only blame myself at this point
I knew Dempsey would score. Truly is a world class player
I am unnaturally obsessed with podcast
We need to stop playing so sloppy
When I text or tweet I sometimes forget to put in nouns and adjectives so I just seem like a man with severe short termed memory loss
This just needs to stop
I think people think I'm joking when I say I'm in love with nisreen
I just wanna talk about life
HAHAHA AWH THIS LITTLE KID FELL OF HIS SKATEBOARD IM FUCKED UP FOR LAUGHING BUT HIS ASS WAS AIRBORNE HAHAHAHAH
Oh man I almost forgot how awesome I am at making grilled cheese
I'm in love with s hix's puppy holy shit its adorable
Drop of Doom popped both my ears and now I have a headache. I've never been so livid.
How is it that the ISIS\/ISIL has declared a caliphate and the media for the most part is sleeping on this one?
Fav to deport from the US
I don't wanna stay home tonight
I need like $300 to go shopping t@
I don't have enough pictures from firefly and that makes me really sad
Happy birthday bro i hope ronaldo scores for you but doesnt advance... we need usa to
Thank you God for blessing me with another day of life!!!
\"How many chains can 2 chainz chain if 2 chainz could chain chains\"
Body Party Remix Feat. Ne-Yo is the Song of the Day
Wait wtf am I doing 4th of July????
I really really really hope you enjoy the fact that you've hurt me so much
I can't even get dressed rn I'm too comfortable
Someone buy me a crusher i hate crushing
Holy shittt!!!! Messi mesii!!!!!!! The fucking best in the world!!!!!!! Wow
My phone goes from 50% - 0 real quick
Playing game: \"How Many Vodka Tonics Does It Take To Cook Dinner?\" where I play pseudo-famous chef w\/ parental issues &amp; affinity 4 pets.
Seriously so upset about my book. And I was so close to the end!!
Great performance by and FourPlay about ...still 53 member states in the
GO SPURS GO!!!
\": Liam Baldwin is a great all around person. He is shy but people should get to know the kid.\"
When I'm creeping on the gram I really go all out , I'm looking at the comments clicking on the profiles of the commenters
I like when she walk around the house naked
Guys who wear nice boxers automatically = perfect
The floor is shaking at the ... im on the 400 level... im scared this bitch goin fall
11:02 am; tom officially wakes up after a crazy first night and is currently walking around the house looking for his soul
Why are people always sleeping on the subway?
Gotta go to Massachusetts like 3 times this summer for 3 different colleges
I violate everyday ! That reg tho
If your over 18 and mommys still bringin ur ass to work damnn cuhh
I need all of albums so I can blast them everywhere I love this women
.As my relatives fought in the revolution against you folks, my relatives also fought in the civl war against your Dem pals.
YOU ES AY
These guys take a cleet to the leg and they go down like Scarface lit them up with his \"little friend\"
Ugh the Greek coach is so annoying.Your team had like to 8474884 opportunities, there's nothing to argue about
Yeaaaaaa that's a fuckig goal!!!!!
\": \"Bofum\" = Both of them.\" Ctfuuu
Honestly don't fuck with ANYONE anymore . And I could care less
I call it how I see it so this ain't what you want
\": lol bruh.. What's up wit the avi\"lol idk I need to change it doe
Good I'm happy for that fact :D
If you can get her from me you can have her now ya know...
The weekends go by too fast
That was a fucking great goal
I HATE you!
- no celebra victoria de porque fue una derrota para . Gano la
Twitter makes me realize my life's not as fucked up as everyone else's
\": Now that I'm making more money that means more tattoos\" goals
chimol is just an amazing thing. like who invented this stuff.
Fuck I need a morning shift this shit killin me
I hate my job
I love the internet because I get to talk to people from different countries
Necesita un hombre que le lleve rosas y una serenata
Sorry ponytail dude, you don't make google glass look cool. I don't think it's possible.
I just wanna lay on my baby chest n sleep
That's a really tiny amygdala you've got there.
Never try to fit in when you were born to stand out
Everybody got the game figured out all wrong.
I'm just so excited to see my girls tomorrow
Can't wait to drowned myself in wine later
About to listen to America fuck yeah from team America right now.
I'm all with klay being overrated but taj Gibson isn't more valuable then him lol FOH
I feel bad for ppl who know me in person... They gotta look at my face.
I take my last chance to burn a bridge or two
Learned my lesson today, don't punch windows no matter how mad you get lol
I hate for a person to text me after so long!
\": You're going to be in your own skin until you die. That's a while. You might as well get comfortable in it.\"
Annndd Obama does nothing.
It's not that I don't want to love you
How are you Puerto Rican at heart but you're Chinese
Every few seconds loud cheering is heard from one or another bar.
I want this to last , need you by my side 8)
Teaching my lil lady how to do laundry
I kinda wanna get that Lolita lipstick. Mm
GHANA IS LITERALLY TAKING OUR PLAYERS OUT
I can't see myself spending money at a strip club. I'd rather throw my money away at a casino
NADA ES MAS DURO QUE LA VERDAD Y A NADIE LE GUSTA QUE SE LA DIGAN
Ok, so wait! Are 9\" heels what's up these days??? Every pair of heels that I want to order are that high! Nope! Can't do it!
Ll cool j eating right next to us
My moms wack !
people neeed to wake tf up
So I just set my alarm to Come &amp; Get It by Selena Gomez and I feel like its a song that matches my goal to get a bf tbh
Remember when and I got into a heated discussion about how C and K shouldn't sound the same and need to be independent
They gotta stop sleeping on my mans Shabazz Napier. Best pg in this draft
misspelled tweet *delete* rewrite -
Jones!!!!!!!!! Holy shit lol i didn't expect that
No such thing as a free lunch...unless it's catered!
Why do only douchebags shop on holidays? I need to be free!
I got ran down by the Red Dress Club on . You go
I can love with all of my heart babyy
These past three days of soccer have been the worst thing I've experienced in a long time
I mean I prolly won't study let's be honest
Please don't try and run game on me
Got it in today at the gym thooooo
Black people always over exaggerating things lol
If I open up to you, I apologize in advance.
Penalty kicks in two days what more can you ask from this World Cup.
Only way in rooting for the US soccer team is of they come out to stranglehold by uncle ted and start drop kicking fools!!!
why isnt lebron playing until the end hes gunna watch his team lose like this and not even play
I'm do fancy can't you taste this gold
So are we beachin tmrw or nah
So happy I can keep my beard for this internship
Nani like corn dogged Bradley wtf hahaha
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy
I can't drink alcohol or caffeine you bitch -....then smoke a fucking joint
enter the net sharp sharp
Red white and blue black outs for all today!
\": Well looks like we already have ppl wanting us to go to their club and we aint even in Vegas yet\"fuck ya
arnab goswami start kissing &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; mr.subramaniam ,as soon as he got the interview.wow good journalism
Darke said \"What a cracker!!!!!!\" Perfect.
Btw I never wanna be home
First time my pools open you bet your ass I'm going swimming right now
I want to rip this hot guys shirt offf. hot guys in suits.
OH MY GOD I FUCKING LOVE THIS COUNTRY
Falling asleep right now is a real struggle rn
Putting it off till the last minute, bc it's summer homework.
Previous coworkers still hitting me up for a cover... :'(
Just saw my mom twerking in the kitchen-_- *walked away*
I don't even kno why i asked anyway
SUBSTITUTION: Brooklyn's Salvatore Barone is subbed out for Mike Guzman
CO of 24 pct just said he knew shelter residents had warrants because Homeless Services gave him a list.
Al Qaeda...ISIS...never a shortage of bullshit purposes for more weapons
I just want to know if we thinking and feeling the same thing I got no time for games
The Spurs popping champagne tonight......somebody need to go get the Heat some Old English 40's....WARM.....for the trip home!
Thank you for a fun segment!
Wowwwwww my aunt just blew mineeee
Sup broski RT : smh
Ole!! Good gol
Oh god his nose was pointing left that must have hurt
So far the score between myself &amp; my cats is: Darwin - 1, Shadow - 0, Dawn - 2. Darwin managed 2 sneak in this morning. I tossed him out
I have 15 unread DMs and I ain't even know it.
I re did my twitter info and junk ayyye
Why won't my slow motion video post on Instagram in slow motion?
Under debt poor nation is ruled by a richest group to earn wealth from public exchequer &amp; invest abroad.What a contrast.Good luck Pakistan.
Best thing that could happen to just happened, I said it in 2010 that is overrated. Guy cannot finish
Why is it okay that you do shit to me.. Then god forbid I do the same thing back it's a big fucking deal. Stop being a hypocrite.
The things I would do not to have an exam tomorrow
It's so simple, yet so difficult
Can't Wait For The Crazy Talent This Year!!
And I don't wrestle I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Red white n blue w for the fourth
Zac really need to get a bathroom in this basement lol
Holy shit!!! It's probably not a reason to laugh but oh my gawd that was funny!!!
Joseline said she was stingy wit her Kitty later..... now this
How you gonna put no caption on your photo when your caption is no caption smh just leave it blank
I'm out for dead pre$idents to represent me
Go Away Already!!!!! Abrieva (U)Are Even Failing Me;(..
\"I got my money sign earrings back in to show people that I'm not fuckin around this summer\" -
Honestly, my FPM prom and after prom experience was better than my SHS prom. I'm done with proms though.
Got stung by a s2000
chem is the only regents that I can actually understand why people are freaking out
My dad still bothers to question me about weed. YES DAD I SMOKE POT IVE TOLD YOU MANY TIMES
It's always awkward getting called out for using Shazam when you're around your friends
And its the former rev Clint Dempsey!!
we are donating to 100 ' s of families in the Santa Clara County on Monday, July 7th. We are so happy to be part of second harvest.
At a loss for words sometimes
I better not miss the bet awards
you know one song shut the fuck up
There needs to be an easier way to convert .kml files to .svg
Zusi is my man, Beasley is my king and this game is a nailbiter
Whoever paparazzi magazines, magazines write about Her (My Lover), Since 2004 until forever every single moment Infinite times GOD damn them
