Does Bryan Silva even realize he's a joke to the internet or nah?
Don't confuse liking a person with having a deeper need for something they have to physically offer.
Summer is like a New Years Resolution, you always think it's going to be different every year.
-' Si no me llamas no te llamo,si no me buscas no te busco.. '
What history here at !! Some very cool stuff and the beach too !!
Whenever I hear the word relationship, I always remember that \"dating\" isn't the only type of relationship out there lol
Dam doubles at work... Hate workin allday
That invisible chair picture is not fucking funny stop RTing it
Robin thicke I'm going to need you to watch your mouth while talking to bae
Jon : I need to go to the bathroom me : fuckyou Lil boy should of gone when I see to
I've decided once I got carmel, I'm dreading my hair
Fuck that! Fuck pk's. Fuck Costa Rica. Fuck soccer.
Sparks fly like the 4th of July
\"Life is the better classroom\"- Sven Wiedenhaupt
Someone hook it up with some plans anyone
I hate when girls comment each other's pictures saying stuff like ur so hot or ur perfect ... Like no she actually isn't
Who wants to hang out and look at views and stuff?
OH MY GOSH PLEASe stop I don't care
Cunt wait 2 be back in 2 weeks
You're still making Facebook statuses bitching about people... Let's all take a moment and pray.
What a shot!!!!
I sure have a lot of gay for a straight dude.
We go to the bottom of the ninth at with trailing 6-4 need a
Whatever happened to the La Quinta Longhorns?
Im doing what makes me happy, fuck yall.
Is loving the breeze that's coming in my house
Addys Xan's Percs Oxy and your bitch to end my night off right shit I might OD
Why do girls always gotta worry about a panty line but dudes just get to show their underwear all the time??? Man fuck society
ladies of twitter, please send me your denim recommendations. I have to buy new jeans and have yet to find my brand :(
Then when I get back, it'll be like two days until the paramore concert c:
Work Building landlord turned our water off with no warning &amp; no explanation tonight. If I had warning it'd be 1 thing but I dont so I'm mad
Open up your mind and see like me
I'm having a masquerade ball for my sweet16
god I realllllly hate this part.
NO. NOT MY BOY, JOZY.
We ain't gotta make up just kiss me, \nwe could straight up blame it on the whiskey
10 you live down the street Katie I'm telling your dad if you sneak in boys
I'm a walking bomb threat rn
I'm also sick of replacing shit that I didn't break.
I love when my parents talk about how ghetto they used to be lmao
I just want to go home
2 tired 2 function
Excited for Brazil
Complimentary bag check for being small
bound! I'm so excited and in one day!
Also why don't you just award McDavid to L.A.? Let the draft fixing begin.
I have an addiction to buying statement pieces of jewelry
Zamn Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing.
wtf I missed a goal already
hate when the person you like texting has to go
These 5 weeks better fly by
And we have a trade. James Neal to the Preds.
90% in my tl about Shawn's new single and the 10% about
zendaya dropped out of the aaliyah biopic. lifetime should just scrap the project
Whoever decided that wing stop is open until 12 is the best person on this entire planet.
Wait.... Shaggy is playing at the fair this year
I honestly hate beer .... Id rather chug tequila
I don't know why I've been feening for IHOP.
Here go you drunk ass warrior fans RT : Warriors winnin shit next year...
Dios mio hay que meterle con ganas :')
2a1 no 2a0
Yes I'm going out in a sweatshirt....it's my nice sweatshirt.
Bitches love rain but wait till a lighten bolt falls on yo damn house and burns the weave right off yo head
its scary to have a kid walk this earth
People that cant think for themselves on their relationships make me sick
\": No friends = no plans. \"
What does it say about my life that opening up a new mop at work has been the highlight of my past two weeks?
Literally running to the sports bar with
Super pumped for Sunset Overdrive. One of the few things that actually make me want an Xbone
All I want in life is like a sleeve of Disney tattoos.
Whatevs. I'm just gonna try and turn on the sleep now
Talking shit isn't going to get you very far....
Buddhism is a way of life. I wouldn't want to live any other way.
When people ask me where Im from and I say Angola half the people say \"where the fuck is that\" and the other half go \"oh well sorry to hear\"
You gone make them eggs cheesy with them grits or nah?
Soooo Kenny Chesney just came out with a new single and its awesome
Maybe I overreact.. maybe I don't care if I overreact
\"She had a fire dumper\"
They ain't even celebrate that wack ass gol.
Is this lil nigga relevant in RV ?
Asegurar El Futuro De Mis Hijos y El De Los Hijos De Mis Hijos'88
I'm bouta blow up baby:) so happy with all these opportunities
Lord help me at work today 1pm-10pm this is gonna be a long ass day with just 3 days like I didn't do overtime yesterday night
The lady I nanny for paid me 40 buh just for driving her daughter to the doctors....
Another beautiful day in Brooklyn.
I've always acted the same way so if u take offense to shit I say or do dats ur problem cuz I'm not gone change
I feel like I shouldn't be complaining...but this fucking sucks.
my mom after one beer in an exaggerated Polish accent: \"I'm totally drunk\" smh
Tonight is going to be a long night..
That's some sick shit , that's an ill bitch - when you dead broke she make you feel rich
I can't stand people who aren't grateful for what they have
The boys did great today! One more practice and then it's time for summer league!
It is an absolute crime that Bosnia didn't get a point, but that's soccer for you.
Bring your flat iron to work day.
Kanye west -white dress
Yikes! I know of 2 people who are BIG Fans \n\nvia
I didn't know babies came out of your asshole
\": Complex got at on the best rapper list...good thing nobody pays there nonsense any mind...\" So Disrespectful
I really wanna talk to you, but know I really shouldn't
Happy 4th and God Bless America
Early morning jayla misbehaving already :|
Live fast die young and leave a beautiful corpse
Never watch that shit on netlix smh aha
they dont know the half they only know what i tell them .
\": i wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 3am just looking at the stars\" pwease
Happy birthday you crazy kids, party hard
I fucks with the old you the new you is lame
Its kind of crazy that so many \"dj\" habe more twitter followers then bassnectar like huh?
Stayin w\/ 2 Australians I met the other day in Brooklyn. They've never been this high before. Learning about life across the world
I didn't even see him after 2nd period
\": shout out to my co host and \" GREAT JOB DUDES!!
How you stayin faithful in a room full of hoes
License for one hour... Already drag raced...
I wish my boyfriend didn't talk to me like I'm a baby
When it's sin vs grace ... Grace always wins
Univision is the reason why everyone hates Mexico tbh
I guess watching the witches is one way to help me get over my fear of mice
Arcade Fire definitely split opinions. I like them. But I like them less than I did before. So there.
I think she doing this on purpose.
...why is little mix in the car next to me
aWWW! L a cubanita se paso al mejor equipo! Los vengadores Bienvenida!
Gekas I'm sure you feel like shit
Searching for the perfect white dress. Why is it so hard to find?
Arctic Monkey feelz
Smoke his ass like some ganja
OH MY GOD MY MOM JUST GAVE ME A MEAT STICK AND DIDNT REALIZE SHE WAS SUPPOSED TO COOK IT FIRST. I just ate raw meat??? And it was good???
is such a dope tape. The features all fit so well
I dare to say Im the hardest worker in NYC
dont stress sluts cus they need love the most
is that real you had to sit out frosh year cause of a C and what's the lesson? .
So I guess I'm going to the beach tomorrow
Meanwhile all the kids in my chem class including me: WE'RE GONNA DIEEE.
I have ridiculously bad luck in men these days.....
She must not know she give me 2mins and it's on !
LETS GO that's the way to start
Bruh the things I would do to this man. Lmao chill chill
Ugh. And saw tonight. My life has been made.
99ers more like the 2014ers
Let's go offense! Get on that board...at least 3 times!
guys callum is not Japanese, he's Asian my goodness
WTF is good for today ??
I hope one of my grandkids is born in the year 2069
enserio soy muy pesados con la pelicula de tengo ganas de ti eh pero que muy pesados
IVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
Maybe I'll go buy some dry ice for fun
what the fuck is the World Cup anyway I expected speed stacking and I got fuckin soccer where are the cups
Why do brain freezes have to happen I feel like I'm going to die in my seat
EN UN CON CON SUS ARMAS POSITIVAS CONTRA X RT
This World Cup will go down as the greatest
Rash AND sunburn? My god... Can't take me anywhere
i plugged my phone in and the music was loud for like a second and my mom got so scared she almost swerved...it wasnt even loud calm down
I can't even with the BET awards memes tonight lol
Can't wait to play club soccer next year
Ahaha has Emily heard me talk politics yet
IS MY LAYOUT OK
Im about to go nuts up in here!!!\n\nMY SON HAS BEEN SAVED!!!! HALLELUJAH!!!!! GLORY TO THE LAMB OF GOD!!!!
76k and still chip leader at 2nd break. 55 left 18 paid
Hate coming home to Ridley with nothing to do
If u don't want to like someone too much, make sure u don't look at their website
Sumi said \"I have to take a fat ass shit right now\" oh so ladylike
MGMT and The Strokes should totally tour together next year.
Could anything piss off the Brits more than blowing up Wembley??
kept on kicking over and missing the goal
You know the sky isn't fuckin around when it literally sounds like it's cracking in half before you get that huge boom
When I was at work today these little six year old girls came up to me dressed like they were in highschool and asked if we had wifi smh:\/
My mom made my dog chicken and bought my dog ice cream but here I stand without chicken or ice cream
So hype for the USA game tomorrow
Ugly ppl that think their nice car distracts ppl from them being ugly &lt;
get high just to get by
I think being a Bayformers's apologist maybe some film hipster shit. Lol it's kinda adorable but really sad.
Missy Elliot has been my girl since '05
I over slept. Fuck.
Someone do something with me considering my family just left me to go to the Mohawks game
IF YOU CAN SEE THE MOON RIGHT NOW PLEASE GO OUTSIDE AND LOOK AT IT. ITS MAGICAL.
Messi is so dirty
Big Freedia album is just one big twerk, I love it lol
I wish I could dye my hair blue again without it looking tacky plz help
She wants me to buy her a real sword and hide it with me so her mother doesn't take it away but she can use it when I babysit her
We've been wanting something this good for a while
wondering:Casey Stengel # 37 retired as both a Met and Yankee-Wondering if any player has same # retired by 2 teams
Y'all females keep dying y'all hair not gon be happy till ya hair in your hands tbh.
I have to get up for school in 5rs
you can't ever tweet anything from a Andre 3k verse cuz it's too much stuff like what why is everything important ???!!!!!
TIL Background lyric in Peter Gabriel's \"Games Without Frontiers\" is \"Jeux Sans Frontieres\"; French for title; not \"She's So Popular\".
LOL PPL TWEETING ABOUT THINGS OTHER THAN THE WORLD CUP. DONT THEY KNOW THIS IS WAR BUT, LIKE, COOL TO TWEET ABOUT?!?!?!
Omg Mecican fans are so ignorant I sware. Most of them don't know the simple rules of soccer and what is a foul and what's not a foul
But a nigga like me will never cheat on Stephanie.
Sometimes a rain day like this is nice
Boutta take a nap til 730 cuz I've been awake since 7 am yesterday
I should just move far far away and live alone where no one can be fucking annoying
Love the phillies, but when you been shut out 10 times ALLREADY it's tough to win the division.......pretending\/ not contending!
Metal show date tonite then back to my tomorrow. I'm so baby
Especially doing something you actually want to do
I always splurge on beauty products or things that can improve my overall health\/image ..
Wow not sleeping feels almost like normal except AWFUL
Little late but last night may have been one of the cutest things ever. Like the whole day was just perfect.
Spending this beautiful Friday night in my bed watching the food network.. I'm okay with this
Com jugadores como los argentinos y como los franceses quien no se hace porrista pes,
Juguemos hacer novios, el que se enamora pierde :3 ?
Patty mills should be fined 5k
4 weeks ahead I thought that I should think some more I'm f***ed in the head and my mind is turning into a whore
i wish i had some fuckin ribs
Met James Franco tonight and whatever
A lot of people are taking the cal train to sf for the game . Which is extremely good news for me less chances of me getting lost
So much for not doing shots
Just gonna lay in bed and wish Jacob was here with me.
disney channel will always be my fave
remember when Joe double tapped that shit on Instagram
With today's technology, your kids will be able to find every picture you ever posted.
Love when my son's call chef
\"Eres eso que no quiero perder nunca.\"
Was Soulymankhan hit because of his eyes?
One way ticket to Ecuador plz and thnx
Just so you guys know Shay Bay have in &amp; texted me back.
This is when I rt all my old rachet shit
If you aren't drinking, then you aren't playing.
Can I live? &amp; can I just put on by myself for once?
Fuck I forgot my iPod charger dam
Literally jam to Remix to Ignition 24\/7
My dad is snoring so loud he just woke himself up.
Everyone breaks out into USA! USA! USA! USA!
Bradley just kicking it into defenders.
Harrison Ford looks like he can be Luke's Skywalker's grandpa if he had one. They should just hire me to be Han Solo in the next movie.
Leave me ~the fuck~ alone.
Called it, I quit hahahahaha fuck this place
Still afraid to hang my feet off the sides of my bed
Guys that walk on their tippy toes give me the heebie jeebies.
FFS Stop bombarding me with stupid questions it's exasperating!
That was going wide until the deflection of the defender.
If your fake I'm cool with it at least I know. A little 411 for you I'm not...
Sada kad se raspali soping neki
Lol the nets don't have a coach
TELL ME WHERE YOURE HIDING YOUR VOO DOO DOLL
I'm texting you out of pity. Just so you know.
Hype AF to be going to FL today it's been 4 years!!!
I honestly love being in my room
I ate half of a cheeseburger and I'm already full as he'll
what's the biggest bottle of wine available?
go follow kartreintimates t\nFor a free giveaway
I just want to lay in my bed forever
It takes a lot for me to get pissed off and I'm pretty pissed off right now
5 Not that we are sufficient in ourselves to claim anything as coming from us, but our sufficiency is from God,
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
lmao im too grown for this kid shit. keep talkin ill keep makin money. my skin is worth more than your car lmfao
Heaven is a place on earth with you...
Sometimes it's better to be heartless. For your benefit
\"chris rock not funny\" they said \"Chris rock corny\" they said . Now yall on his weewee
Sad because never gonna get a follow from but happy because my mom agreed to buy me the album
I don't follow Soccer, so I'm not going to jump on the bandwagon just because it's America.
Zeds dead makes deep house????? Since when???
Will: what do you even spend money on.\nMe: I normally spend money on food......and nonsense
y Ahora va entrar Lukas Biglia...?
I didnt know cold stone was giving free ice cream !!! So stoked!!
Hahaha this is an easy last few hrs of my shift! Sweeettttt
I do wanna get in that key hole .... Wait why am I watching this
They say it as if I really have to take care of babies
oh shoot i forgot the apostrophe in \"you're\"
I get to see all my soccer kids today (:
I'm finna flex on the gram with that shit too
Well then 'Murica not wasting any time there..
The line for disabled children and adults at Disneyland is now longer than the general one.
First thing I learned, never cuffed a girl that smashed one of ya right hand bro's.
I gave the nod of approval after a decent game.
I got that real good feel good stuff
JUST GOT A BEAT FROM ME &amp; BOUT TO TAKE OFF
I'd marry someone rn just for them to itch my back until I fall asleep lmao
Okay so I need to get ready and stop playing around !!!
\"Fucking copy cats\"
I ordered some luggage from Sears online for store pick up yesterday at 830am- still no ready for pick up email -
Wow I suck. I really, really suck
I want to hang out with my bestfriend today!
....what, no \"Adios Amigos\", ?
Don't stress over stuff you can't change.
Ready to shower and pass the f out
Learned the hard way that most photographers don't separate nudity &amp; sex
do u know how many times I've tweeted? more than 100 times. No cam. I TOLD YALL.
It's here...one more day to a very long year.
Did Amazon steal tilt scrolling from ? Apple is doomed!
Lew Wolff is a selfish owner that does not care about Oakland or the a's his only concern is the money. deserves better then that.
I think my body hates me after this weekend.
Lol now everyone is all about the World Cup now only because the US plays today
Nothing makes my country twang come out like a couple drinks and the song \"big green tractor .\"
Everybody wants me to cut my facial hair off...........haters
Christiano Ronaldo is a drama queen
Que hermoso debe ser tener un accidente y que te vaya a visitar justin. basta me ilusiono.
Whaattt \nDid they really?\nFuck you off, you can't eliminate Aguero
When you get home and realize you left your ID to get into your office in your office.
Para estar de pie en la vida, hay que estar de rodilla ante Dios ..
Take the contact out ya eye. You're far from lookin fly, gettin E for effort and T for nice try
The fact that I am free from regents\/APs\/standardized testing for the rest of my life makes me oh so happy
Leaving for Hamden tomorrow thank God. Now I just need to pack for like 8 weeks...
Someone just snapchatted me the nastiest vagina I've ever seen or fresh road kill. Whatever it was...gross
I think it'd be best for me to move to Florida in September.
Why did you kiss me to make my heart beat outtta my chesttttt
Aw, come on Kim Jong-un, lighten up! It's just a movie. -yo!
I ain't no angel i still have few more dances with the devil....
Talk about the Real Deal James Neal to Nashville...*insert pens fan statement saying he wasn't good to begin with*
You learn from everything only a fool doesn't take note
Cuz baby you make me feel ....
the daily struggle as I want fraiche but i'm too lazy to drive downtown palo alto
I could easily drink 3 large coffees a day, that's prob an issue
She's not RT : If I'm ever married my wife gone have to understand that I'm going to sleep in the other room after I smash.
Gotta get me a spot on that show about virgins
Ran my 40 in 6.7 :-)
SHELLEY IS SO PRETTY IM GONNA CRY
Cuando la tipa llora e porque le duelee y si el moreno e duroo? Ella lo mantieneeee
The africans b turnt in the crowd lmao
Hearts are wild creatures that's why our ribs are cages
As a child my aspiration in life was to become Pocahontas
Why? Just why.
feels nice to be back to civilization
Wait wouldn't your face being a term of endearment be a compliment?
married to the MOB but im a Bachelor baby!
I'm just playing bad day by Daniel powter as I walk around the house
My twitter app is straight buggin' I'm just trying to live tweet wrasslin' with
Like the whole city is covered in fog and clouds tf man lol
First day of work in the city tomorrow
In the bottom of a real tall cold drink.\nChillin' with some Skynyrd and some old Hank.
Rachel doesn't care there is 2 people at her \"party\"
Flabbergasted is a great word
Most of the guys on World Cup tonight would make great foreign movie villains
Viernes a en pesar este fin de semana largo para disfrutar
Driving test finally this Friday yasssss
IF U THROW ME IN THE JUNGLE ILL COME OUT WIT A FUR COAT U HERD
I'm all over this nwa movie
This man just giving dark skin niggers a bad name
I hope vegas is what they say it is because new york isnt
Apparently the AC is only broken in MY room. Typical.
Now would not be a good time to discuss where basketball fits in 's picture of God being one substance. We'll put that on hold.
Gooooooalllllll!!!! Finally!!! what a goal by Jones!!!
30 seconds in!!!!
\": My dance style ranges from white dad at a barbecue to stripper whose rent is due tomorrow\" hahahaha
I finally found the Rodger and Hammerstein Cinderella on YouTube. Sure it's shifty quality,but it will have to do!
If any guy goes on a date with a woman and At the restaurant she asks if she can have Hennessey, that's not a woman you take out to eat lol
Mimi a dumb ass bitch she might as we'll say she leaked the sht too
Real talk 's tweets are always funny
I remember my first temper tantrum
Heat gave up in the 3rd quarter
I think I just made a little boy's day
.Everyone should know where it goes when you go!
I just realized that the cartoons I used to watch contain a bunch of sexual innuendos.
I'm gonna miss everyone from lambda
We walked into thus world naked so its only natural tht I walk around my house naked too.
Are the any faithful niggas left?
Watching Brad Pitt in \"World War Z.\" He was AWESOME in this!
Why you gotta be so rude?
Let's fucking go!!!!!!
Terrible advice. MT \"Be willing to get fired for a great idea. That's easy to say but you should. Spike Jonze.\"
The blacker the berry the sweeter the juice ayee my boy
My eyebrow game is always strong
I'm tired of people riding against me .... Like FUCK YOU bc you ain't shit but beneath me at the end of the day
She can dish it out but can't take it lol
i nev argue about nba chips, 90% of ya don't watch ball till the finals and just go for whoever goes against lebron.
I spent half of my lunch in the bathroom...
If only the timing was right
There no way I can make it without you
The role of GC is evolving from pure legal advisor and counsellor to also being a valued business advisor to leadership
I need to swang, it's been a minute
I TEND TO SNACK MORE WHEN I'M CHILLING UP ALL NIGHT...UGH
Not everyone like to see you doing good
This calls for some major aloe man
Society needs to imply and vouch for educational classes on teaching girls how to be women.
If I see one more Tiffany lamp on Antiques Roadshow I am gonna throw my TV out of the window onto the bus stop
The fact im 100% going to at least five festivals this Summer is amazing
Shit it's the worst thing ever
So many porn pics on my TL rn.
Nice guys finish last? Bullshit they don't even finish.
Ginobili did not just do that !!!!
Wish I could go back 4 &amp; Friends at Auer Hall. is writing some tunes, I hear. Rock it! I'm
Can I just get this lab test over with holy shit
Its too hot to be outside watching that shit
Dempsey put that in with his hammer
I'm like completely done now tbh
Are run was cut short not deserved
166- we got so close this year in health and I love you!! Your perf and so funny
Why does everything in Middletown have to be so dramatic
\": onions are literally a food necessity I love them too\"
There's a reason why idgaf and I'm not gonna hold out my hand to hang out.
dream to me | dom k
\"We set a trail of raisins to get the raccoons in our room so we can party with them\"
\"Game of Thrones\" is the best show on television. By a wide margin.
The concept of Elysium is cool to think about.
I'm starting to not like this nigga
Them dreads tho
How can you compare Luis Siarez to Mike \nTyson? One eats like American ear the other Italian shoulder.
cant wait to get this money over the summer, lol
The Phantom of the Opera was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!
Always my fault no matter what the fucking situation is
This whole caring thing is really working
Now there's an ice cream truck the combination of that and the sirens sounds like the intro to a sick dubstep song
Hate not being able to sleep at night
i love where i work, but these ten hour long shifts are brutal
22 I wanna see you again soon this summer
why do I cry so much when I get frustrated ugh bye!!!!!!!
Good news. Didn't vomit after Pilates. Win for the day.
fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side til 3005
She was so bad I wanted to leave work and go with her, her sister and her mom lol
why am I listening to baby making music lol
Sitting on the Tarmac at sfo thank goodness has tv so I can watch the go USA!
before you judge me .. make sure your perfect !
They'll follow you. Yet don't fuxk with you . Just to keep up with you.
lol my mom asked me why I seemed silly and happy today... its just that rare
Every time. The moon shines I become alive.
Choppin up all the doubters see, now watch em count the bodies like bitches be countin calories
freakonomics radio is the best
Make or break season for ARob
Prob like 8 people tops from LHS have texted me first since graduation.
I honestly don't know how I end up with random cuts on my face
It's weird some friends I met on twitter are actually nicer and talk more than some friends I've known longer.
\"Let's go meet Nick Cannon at Warped Tour\"
Game of thrones season 4 finale &gt; Nhl final &gt; nba final
None of this is setting well...
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice.
ummm.....my grandfather just opened the door on me when I just got outta the shower... D:
I know one day it'll come along ...
I want to see all my old friends again..
Let's goo spurs.
a pior coisa, qnd vc explica mais de mil vezes uma coisa pra pessoa, e ela n entende
Mmm Hii Abuser I mean ..
I just want the riches I dont wanna be famous
I don't want to get up are you kidding
R u proud of me
Must love pissing me off .
my family does not understand my sense of humor
I know I'm not in the south anymore because I'm the only one wearing camo in the entire town
Corie and I just went after a emptying of doritosz good good
so much to prepare for.. but so much to look foward to!
When I have shit on my mind instead of thinking about it, I sleep.
Idc if this is tmi but James just stripped down naked and danced to breathe Carolina for me lmfao
Bu orientation tomorrow 7am to 7pm this must be a sick joke
I'm the type of n*gga who can f*ck wit deez. (with what?) deez nuts! So get off them please.
Ugh today's still Monday. Shit
No communication, and I'm not going back over there. Hatta BBM me first if anything.
It's Sunday and I am NOT at work...this feels unnatural
Been having nightmares about warped tour... Thursday better not suck -_-
I have never been so confused
Them fresh ass blueberry bagels from safeway.
Baby pass me the hookah.
Some please bring me a calculator td?!??
Mande a comprar frustas con mi sobrino
Legalizing drugs wouldn't really do much. Its not like there's people sitting around thinking, \"man, I'd do some cocaine but its illegal.\"
I need you like water in my lungs
How do i know when someone views my story on snapchat?
we have our good days and bad days
Kind of excited for today's adventure
There is no coming to consciousness without pain. There is no coming to realization without acceptance.
Bullshit pick up your game finish and stop this pussy shit
Best drop at edc.
Feels good being rich. HAHA JK I have $2
I'd probably really like Argentina but then Messi.
I'll never understand the whole Bermuda shorts trend.
I needa see what my dad says about this....
Why not bring on Wondolowski or Eddie Johnson
usos are electrifying they be going in
who wants to gift me shawns song ayeee
\": Chris is annoying. He really jus called to say I was his \"oomf\"\" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I'm real life rolling!!
These college soccer boys apuu
Missing my dad today but I'll see him soon :) hope y'all had a great Father's Day peeps
Lana del ray music is trash
Nigga my mom feeds me lmao fuck are u talkin about
o.o soy ma apoyadora de lo malo jesu dio
4:27am train uptown @ 168st was late for 1\/2hr didn't pullout until 4:57am
WOW what a goal
ALREADY GOAL SHIT GO USA
someone have a sleepover with me pls
In such a bad mood. Time to workout
Moving day!!!! Not sure why I scheduled them for 8 AM. Zzzzzzzzz
Just Weighed in at 164.. It's crazy I was 138 a couple months ago during wrestling ?
The look of pure disgust on my face right now.
The Right team going to W H to meet President Hope Michelle Dunks on Kawhi Leonard this time lol.
lost my keys at the laundromat jfc
IRS SCANDAL\/RACE CARD ALERT: Rep Cummings Never Leaves Home Without It!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure what made me happier, Lebron crying like a drunk 16 year old girl or Tyrian turning into a serial killer
Dad: You can watch whatever you want Amy. *changes the channel and starts watching the Yankees game* thanks Dad.
There is a world of difference between digital journalism and web journalism, and news orgs have always been better at the former (1\/2)
Why can't my friends just live up here
este pancho siempre me mira en el liceo no se que quiere el topu
\"Ain't nuttin to it, rap made me do it.\"
Isn't it immature for a someone to be mad at you for a stupid reason. And ignore you just to show you how mad they are at you lol
conor asks if he can get a frappacino at philz and Meghan responds with \"this is no frou frou coffee place where do you think we are???\"
12 million after 3 months\n2 million after 3 weeks\ntop1 in markets after 3 months\n
Thass annoyinn af his dumbasss
I need something to do to clear my mind
Still haven't bought a chem review book or printed out a reference table...
I'm sorry but, uhhhh, who the fuck are you?
Alright you got your call.. Now can we please continue
\": Bitch nigga n I flew to canada and fuc drake\" now im dead lmfaooooooooo
Remember when kristen stewart played joan jett
If you ever feel bad about yourself just remember that when I was 8 I thought masturbation meant taking a shit
White girls from the country and black dudes don't mix. One wants to go hunting and mudding and the other wanna shoot dice on the block.
Gooooooaaaaalllll!!! Great curving shot from what outside the box! ! Go !
wow house to myself go figure
QUE SE VAYA A MAMAR UNA CARAVANA DE HUEVOS:)))))
We can only see the bad times when we are together, and see the good times when we are apart
Excited to see Internet's own boy, documentary on Aaron Swartz. Part of sfdocfest
Wide awake. There's something wrong with me
Costa Rica gana con 10 jugadores, contra 12 Los 11 de Grecia y el Arbitro y todas las Arbiaredades,
\"Some girls have cake, I have a cupcake\" -Paige
\"Password protection is worthless\" according to Paul Stephens, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse. Must encrypt or else.
I've got to start a new Jornal one that you're not in and erase you from my memory completely
I would goto HQ if TJR played the day party
That's why I fucked with Kendrick's cause he managed to have multiple producers but get them all on the same page.
I MISS U IM SO EXCITED TO SEE U
-OMG, Chris Rock has Zero chill..
Courtney just called herself a dingaling
Instant bad mood when I try on my bathing suits
hati ayam or hati sapi ja :D RT : enaknya hati siapa ? atoo hati apa ? RT : hatinya siapa?! RT \"
You know I know what to do with ittt
I'm Finna run away and act like I went missing like Khadijah did shit
Hey I know where Derek is
Great day yet again. Couldn't have started the summer off better.
whatever's meant to be will work out perfecctttllyyyy.
Ok, I hate to be a hater but what do y'all think of Iggy? I'll keep negative thoughts to myself.
Im feelin some type of way rite now
white girls love
I love deep house and I feel like its one of the few genres that hasn't been fucked up yet
All I want rn is cute little relationship is that too much to ask for
Shawn's song just came out and I already know every single word.....
Damn, I'm an asshole. 0.o
My call time is 4:30 am tomorrow,\n\nGoodnight world.
Why\/how am I awake right now
Me like the way you go down
Avatar is babe. That bitch broke Sokka's heart doe
Why do I always do this....haha
I literally have like 29 days to be perfect or close to for
There is absolutely no way that I am passing this chem regents.
What is with this annoying ass Kermit the frog shit? Swear to god people are entertained by the dumbest shit.
glad my whole family just leaves me home alone
You still cry out to God when things are going well.
You see what Ambrose did to Seth Rollins
ride to bay head with me tomorrow ?
ugh I hate when I realize that I act the same way as the people I hate
Things you only see in Irvine: Passed a guy on the freeway eating Chinese food with chopsticks.
Guys so I can't eat chilli or lemon anymore! Do you know how difficult that is for a Mexican? it's like my daily diet stupid lip piercing
I asked for a Malibu and sprite, I got a shot of whiskey. I don't understand this city!!
Can't wait to see Mason and Malik ball out at ASU
Sprained finger is not going to stop me for practicing my chords!
WebRTC 1.1 will be evolutionary. Backward compatible with 1.0. Adds the ORTC concepts. No great schism. - Justin Uberti, Google
Mike just told me he's going on a diet
HE WAS IN A METAL BAND WHAT THE FUCK ASHTON I NEED PROOF OF THIS IMMEDIATELY PLS
Just cause shes down for you dont mean she has to put up with ur bs. Remember that. Ur supposed to give her every reason to ride for you
Can't tell if I have a stomach ache or cramps is that normal??
The nightsless days without day
I may say it's your fault cause I know you could've done more.
ITS NOT LIKE IM GETTING FAT ANYWAY
I want a big fat blunt right about now
And the pouch perfectly stores all your chips and toblerone for optimal emotional binging.
There's people out there with a good heart
Just remember, there will always be a special place for you
My cousin somehow just confused Chris Brown with \"Jason.\" She genuinely thought Chris Brown's name was Jason.
Lets go Greece u got this baby
Literally just want to jump off a bridge
Just off a red eye but couldn't be more awake and excited.
Steak burritos from my job &gt;
Really tempted to take the keys and go get a milkshake. Cravinggggg
'Oh no, I left my man bag at home' - Lottie's dad problems
There are hot skaters filming all over my neighborhood today. I'd like to take this moment to thank whoever made this happen.
Beat Ninja Gaiden on hard. I'm probably the coolest kid I know.
I've been looking for my retainers for the past month...
My sister is already in Nashville... It doesn't really take that long to drive there at all
First Aid Kit, Stay Gold: Swedish girls spend the summer on a beach in the Carolinas.
I just want everyone to be able to look in the mirror and think the world of themselves.
Off to my 1st ever Baseball game tonight with my gorgeous wife
Mexico is out \nSerena Williams is out and an actor dies
I really want justin to go to the awards idk why
Im a stupid girl for even dream that I could...
oh he knows what page and how many pages a document is but has no idea who told him about emails lost and hard drives crashing
I threw up water after practice bruh wtf thats how you know it was the worst practice of my life i've never done that.
South Park always makes my day
Most amazing two weeks of my life. Until next time Cali!
Its weird I seem so talkative but in real life I try to stay away from people
Man some days I just wanna go on a road trip with my friends and get away from everything other days I wanna turn my phone off and sleep.
If you play 1 on 1 and you get excited you need yo ass beat !
I'm just waiting for that hit. Once I'm in that car I ain't playin. Ima make it happen
This is the night before pre-bed Merica bout to kick some ass tomorrow.
60- love you're avi. but i dont know you lol
The whole football team got twitter just to talk shit on people
I was talking to a guy at work and he was talking about his parole. \nI work at a pool
You're getting on my fucking nerves I swear
Look TI and tiny are together
How do you approach a beautiful dj at a party... cause he's seriously the sexiest thing since idek
I LOVE YOU CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!!!
Who pitched for the tonight helen keller?
Every time I eat Indian food I can't get that song ooh na na out if my head.
\"Look at this baby being dragged out\"
chipotle or philly cheesestake?!!!!!!
Can u stand the rain?
.your doctor needs to lose his or her license.
Lol just saw that fiasco. How can a hash tag be a fake\/hoax? A troll yes but it's literally impossible for one to be \"fake\"
WE IN THE LEAD AYEE
Ed Edd n Eddy was them niggas too
Prediction: By 2016 every Fortune 500 CEO will be a Christian Scientist. H\/T
Is it wrong to want the old thing back
In the mood for hill repeats
\"During Sandy, NY's natural gas system was more impacted in 8 hours than in its 100 year history.\" - Pres Ken Daly
AFRICAN AND JAMAICAN RESTAURANT\nFOR SALE\nLOCATION:\n206 MACDADE BOULEVARD\nYEADON, PA 19050\n \nCONTACT \nALBERTA KOVOR\n(856)-220-8903
When the wifi slips the wifey dips
I just fav my own tweet?
Barron's Daily Roundup: 3-D Printer Stocks Are Suddenly Hot Again
highlight of the day: the black man in a suit walking around westcliff selling water guns
i have to watch how hard i laugh cause if i hit that one laugh that i get sometimes its not gonna be bueno
I hate when someone tell me what and how to do things with my kid. My daughter is being raised with manners and morals. Something u dnt have
I can't even go on Twitter anymore without people thinking I'm looking at porn
Applying to jobs way out my league lol, maybe I'll get lucky
I never intended to hurt you. Just wish you would know that
I Am. I can. And I Will.
high all the time to keep you off my mind
Me at every movie ever: JUST LET THEM BE IN LOOOOVE
These new songs are ridiculous holy fuck.
Now I'm left with the solitude of the dark .... And pain
$8.25 X 40 (full time) for 1 year = $17,160 (before taxes ).
Crome rims look nice but never on a sport car it feels so much better to race with the original ones
Trying to pack 21 consecutive cute outfits for England just reminds me that I have no clothes bruh
Jacob still hasn't followed me..
If the girl hold you down and ya good for each other its ok to chase a girl.. No shame in that
I think my TV might be in 3D but I can't be sure
You don't have to advertise everything you do
God I want to talk to you so bad
I should be taking a shower &amp; packing for my flight home tomorrow, but I'm watching instead...
Quien eres tu ..para sentirse superior dueno de ella , a ti te quiso a mi me amo algo de veras como colon yo navegue su piel...
Is it alright to shower with that silver on??
Colby jack. A mild biracial cheese,
GOAL!!!!! LET'S DO IT,
MANU FUCKING IT UP
Only a 2.5 mil cap hit for 2 years for B.Schenn!?
When an app keeps on closing once you try to open it , how do I stop that from happening ? Is it possible ?
Hahaha Tom McCarthy caught Freeman's homer.
So happy I came to you with a man to man conversation and you tried to \"bust my balls\" great way to piss someone off it you ask me
has the dopest prawn po boys!
my mom is so obsessed wl me I can't
THAT WAS TERRIBLE
Liza doesn't know what the bw is bye
Feel like going to the city instead
Had a wonderful time at tonight watching I could get into this... Thanks !!
I do waaaay to much for you to be treated like shit? Nah fuck that.
why would you sell a talking donkey for 5 shillings
10.5 hour workday let's get it
Dudes : \"excuse me what kind of dog is that\" my response : \"a big one\"
Y por eso Messi es grande.
You know you bored when you smoking weed watching the news
1 thing I can't stand is a triffe bitch
Maybe the Spurs winning will bring on a sea change in NBA style of individual isolation basketball
Nice Ronaldo, fix your hair Vidal Sasson
It's getting dark and I keep hearing noises. Mommy I'm scared
I want to play a say yes to the dress drinking game with mark Montondo
Live for another day.
'Ladies and gentlemen, riding on the outside of subway cars is dangerous. Stay inside the subway cars when moving.' - good advice from
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!
Got the nxt 2 days off so I ain't doing shit but smoking blunts and watching games.
Cup of wine in a mug by a fire in a cabin. Yeah.
Im already planning how my bedroom will look..
Going down Lombard street (crooked st) once more before we leave
Had to realize that Monday isn't the last time I will graduate.
I thought Independence Day and 4th of July were different holidays. I give up on life
Dempsey first 50 seconds lets go usa
All the points to the guy who dressed up as teddy Roosevelt
I don't always watch too cute on animal planet, but I'm pretty damn baked
PH MY GOD HE IS AT 1
He's looking at him and not even checking on him wtf
Wow, what footwork!
My baby deserves all 4 awards!!!!
Whenever me and selena have a phone convo it never lasts for 5 mins it lasts for 5 hours
That just made me fill sick thinking about
Awkward moment when you show genuine care for someone and they kick you out of their life completely smh
By some act of god I made it to work on time!
Just remember who was always there for you
Studyin for chem is like taking pain meds. It only makes the pain a little better, its just time to suck it up
Lol tomorrow my eleven hour shift at the salon starts
My cousin From ATL here til the 7th we gone have to turnup a couple times just for him tho.
This is the first 4th of July in 5 years I'm not at the beach sweating balls\n
One of the best decisions I've made. RT: : Im so happy i deleted my instagram
French kissing her lips and her other lips&gt;
The world is full of nice people. If you can't find one, be one.
Jacqs dad just asked my mom on a date we might as well be sisters
Taxis make me feel some type of way
There was the smallest kitten in my backyard. Come back I want you!!!! Ughhhhhhh.
all I want to do is shwim forever
The is cool , I stayed there for ticketstock this year ,
When I get to my mom's gym I'm just going to sleep on her couch in her office....
That moment wen you dont feel like textn that bitch n you just stop txtn that bitch
I will beat the fukc out he a fukc boi
Can I get blocked friend ?
Aye my cousins from Canada are here
mY MOM IS SO EMBARRASSING
megashare hooks it up with the movies
First to find them and tweet me a pic wins.
Funny the things you thought you'd never miss, in a world gone crazy as this
I need someone to talk to ....
struggling to keep eyes open rn.
I love when people spell \"definitely\" \"defiantly\".
I donut want to work today. Wondering if I can sneak some beer into my kiddie cup that I'm restricted to use
Everybody is being a bitch today wtf
need new ppl to talk to
Keep it 1000 I don't wanna work 3 jobs no more... 2 is fine
\"Um, it's actually pronounced 'Stanger'\" -Metallica
I'd like to leave the country for a month of sundays burn the town I was born
Do you just retire the day after you were maestro for NAS or do you have to sacrifice urself
Beautiful shot!!!! Left to righttttt!
Terrified of this pre calc final tomorrow after everything I've heard
Yogalicious date with bae later yayyyyy
1- you're number says it all. You're
If you can't be content by yourself, you can't be any more happier with another person standing by your side.
Fun fact: I'm going to the same high school that Tom Brady
&gt;&gt;&gt;when women do shit out of spite
I have this constant struggle, continuously feeling like I'm running out of time. But I don't know what it is I'm supposed to be doing.
Tested 3 boat-ready air horns in the backyard. Yup...they work....ow.
Lebron was crying Lmao start the memes please
\"It's an increasingly thankless task for Campbell out there. Leading Costa Rica's attack, if you can call it that.\"
can't go anywhere without seeing a kid wearing vines now
Ya siento que te amo
Last time I drank everything I was passed out in my father car so let me just chill
So its that easy for you...
Now everybody soccer fans smh.. Where ya was at when the Barclay premiere league was on ?
My food never fucking came but GrubHub was so compassionate and gave me free money towards my next meal!
This is getting sad to watch
How ironic that I'm locked up on the day we celebrate freedom
The best way to get into parties is to offer to so the dishes.
Such a great ride tonight! Love the Monday 6:15 class! 's high energy is incredible!
\": I just want to go on late night walks with you and have deep conversations with you about everything ugh\"
Dem shorts tho. Bruh. Dey going everywhere in Ny. Love dem
My mind goes round like a round about, whistles and sings, dark of the darkest night, sweeter than spring.
Don't ever compare your boyfriend\/girlfriend with you're past unless you're saying he\/she is better
4th July weekend is about to be wild Reno with my girls !
Right when I push u out, you come right back in. I was happier without u and ur mind games. I'm happier single
It might sound like I'm gassin ya, but it take time to get to the backseat to the passenger
Lol Ghana is cutting that white guy with dreads ZERO slack
Ugliest shit I've seen in life B
Don't you know it's gonna be alright?
Can somebody find me Pink short shorts that won't make me look Jamaican?
Heading to the beach#
Sometimes I give up looking for the cover story in magazines
Idk why it upsets me so much when I saw it coming from the beginning
There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in. -Leonard Cohen
Like what the fuck dude
Lol bruh man said I'm not an honest nigga. And I thought about it. I'm not.
My mom is such a piece of shit
Courtney's moochin off the food of the table that just left like it's no big deal so that's that
I hear I missed a !!!!
don't even care anymore such bullshit
Bruh I'm gonna be broke coming from this trip
I wonder if twitter will become annoying\/dry like Facebook is now...
Imma write a book called \"The Art of Chill\"
Freedom bent and wrapped itself around Portugal's goalie. 'Murica
You got balls if you taking physics senior year
Ain't gonna beg you to stay, ain't gotta ask you what's wrong, ain't no reason running after something already gone
Dont compared value of life to how many people hit u up
A Leak Of Their Own
i am the definition of impatience
I pray you find your peace
Pretty sure I think the guy that was selling merch at Nederlander was flirting with me. It was quite amazing,sir I never got back to you.Sry
He is just so mean. I am ending our friendship eventually. One day.
Dinasour chicken never lets me down
man I was secretly rooting for Bosnia
That crowd is screaming heaven to meeeee
Waiting forever for my haircut n haircut equals WAIT acting \"wait\" lol
I can't believe Batman was a two hour wait.
you're so fucking cute but I can't handle you and your games
Congrats San Antonio Spurs!
I wonder how Hobby Lobby would've turned out if it had been a Jehovah's Witness who owned it and the concern was over blood transfusions
My girl Hillary's at Tattered Cover today. WHY AM I NOT IN COLORADO RIGHT NOW?!?!
En serio, que concha le ven a Karen Mecedo?
I'm at my muse so I'm mad at everyone and everything!
Dinner topic: side hoes and suitors
I can't wait for Kiera to get twitter famous
i wonder what b.Scott doing right now ??
Or if the crew cant wake me up
All of you are fucking robots \n\nYou crave so bad not to have feeling or care about shit.\n\nThe only thing that's on your mind is yourselves
IM LAUGHIMH SO HARD HE WALKED IN AND WE SCREAMED
God, how did things get this bad? I feel like i'm losing everything.
An a small fry for ya bitch ass.
Worry about you, not me
Damn 34 seconds
I get pissed extremely easily
U S A \nU S A\nU S A
Soon shawn will sell out MSG in 5 seconds &amp; i dont think i can handle that
I just did 200 crunches, 100 reps of 50 pounds and a max of 90 pounds for 30 reps for chest, 100 reps of 50 pounds for back and 182 pound DL
I'm lost and lonely,\nScared and hiding.\nBlind without you.\n\nOkay?
? I think so.
If these birds don't shut the fuck up
I out my expectations too high. Always do and I always disappoint
Bouta take this shower then grab some to eat
Gardner with an RBI triple and the Yankees are on the board
the only thing I ever think about is food
My brother sits behind me in the chem regents
Where's a when you need one.
Update: refusing to eat the leftovers.. Starving slowly
HI MATTHEW WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO NYC CAN WE HANG OUT THO
They say you can't have cake and eat it too... But ain't that what you suppose to doooooo
Gonna watch more thottie movies in a ball in my bed now
It's cool to dream I suppose, you never know how far it might go
\": Can AHS come sooner plz\"WORD
Just got great news that my bro and his bitch are leaving our house and going into one of the house that we rent out. At least they are out
Never underestimate the impact of one little act of obedience to Jesus. There are innumerable amounts of possiblities when saying YES to God
A little don't worry be happy
I want chick FIL a fries w chick FIL a sauce
I am Happy to Be The Social Media correspondent For Movie By .
She hands him the bag \n
4:42am and the sun is coming up!? The heck is this the apocalypse!?
VERIZON WOULD BE HAVING A MILLION TECHNICAL PROBLEMS WHEN I NEED A NEW PHONE
Hahaha i love it so much how when my friends and I are with Diego its so fucking funny and fun, we all get along so well together SHAUUUU
And sit outside w keke ..
Lil Wayne is a top 15 rapper
Nueva york no puede ser mas bonito
and anger becomes the only emotion that can ease the pain for a moment
Gol de Argentina y yo bloqueando en Twitter
It's some slumssss in this houseeeeeee
I changed the channel to dumb and dumber when the spurs were down 5. Just changed it back after 5 minutes and they're up 5.
So fuck that love shit\nI don't feel none of that\nLike i'm numb to the pain
Lol but y'all need to go listen to that slap factory 2 tho
Jack &amp; I pledge $5,000,000 to create a new generation of choreographers &amp; puppeteers, clowns, video artists &amp; theatrical jugglers...
I miss big fucking house parties!
hey what happened to as your voice?SERIOUSLY
Once contract ends I'm def switching. Fuck sprints bitch ass
I need to start my birfdayy countdown lol
I graduate tomorrow. I remember the first day of going Into high school...
A1 My current level is a 3... I'm on vacation this week :P
Lettuce is the worst food ever.
love listening in the BK - next concert for me at - would love backstage passes to them!
What a flop....
White people have no type of fear lmao
At the end of the day who telling me what?!
Ok for real i wish i had a twin brother who was a 4 star DB. Honestly we would go at it for hours
damn, it's been a while since I got a silent treatment.
Something has got to give. Like seriously! :\\
We got back and my mom telling me to do the laundry \n\nIM GROWN!
Las Ganas de Llamarte ' Besarte ' Abrasarte Son Mas Fuertes
Que ladilla cuando mi mama se pone asi, dame paciencia cristo
I look like a douche in a flannel
Cuddling with noodle and watching a hot dog eating contest is all I need in life
Sonny Milano got drafted to the farm team, the
I suppose the turn up is real at 11am rn.
Navas puts the team on his back
\": lmfao Niggga !\" Lol
Blatantly lie and then deny it. I hate these people!
Most disturbing thing I ever saw!
Very excited to watch the ratchet awards aka with twitter tonight :)
All your doing is pushing me away.
ppl who actually tag their friends in tweets...hunny....
Seeing little kids wear jordans and expensive nikes make me laugh yo
This dog licks it balls all night loud as fuck
I really should not be allowed to drive at night. I CANNOT SEE ANYTHING. Except for like lights I guess
Probably going to wear my rangers jacket and tank to the giants game tomorrow bc I can.
Hahahahaha guess who is never procrastinating again
Wayyyy too excited to go to kids street tomorrow. Way too excited.
I hope my former manager is sobbing
Honestly we're making it worse by putting out our own opinions.
my mom decided to throw it away not too long ago and I cried so bad. 14-15 year old Elmo. I was devestated :'c
At 2pm-4pm EST its my Bench Warmers Live Show w\/my cohost &amp; our guest, host of SEX N BIZ on !!
WHAT A FUCKING GOAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
If you don't eat your bagel the cool way we can't be friends.
When im in a bad mood I like you, when im in a good mood I fucken hate you.
Kk it's over time to cry...
What I think about at 7am: If Kit was a Marvel character he'd DEF be Rocket Raccoon
He leave yo ass for a white girlllllll
Oh yea, Earth Queen is a bitch lol.
Shut up ! Nobody like u ! I don't even know why you're fucking here
Ate chillaquiles (dk if that's how you spell it) and now I'm feeling sick :P
you've been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch.
Ask her what she wants, assure her there are no wrong answers. If she says she needs time, then give her all your clocks.
Wow really, well I'm a sucker for blondes. I think you would look delicious in pigtails and school girl look &lt;3
They say I have no focus it vision I do too much, I just like to call myself a Quadruple Threat
I really just can't wait for the day I meet a guy who puts a smile on my face everyday and never makes me cry
Nolan gives no fucks at all. I lahv it. Haha!
lol cena is gonna give bryan the chance to win his title back lol thats if he have it still
I want this shit to be live tonight
Thanks for being there your so awesome
My food ready THANK TO GAWWD
Frustrated. Tired. Sad. Pissed. Fuck it.
I hate when my phones dying :( hate so much
Ahhh 2 days !!! 2 days
Leshae looks like so cute :) ah hi honey look at her go lil magic go
I have to go back to work in 6 hours and I'm just going to bed
Heavy is the shoulder that bears the bag. \n\n- me just now to no one in particular
Called this performance by manu
The world is punishing me for being crazy
LMAO! RT : you guys are going to force me to find a dictionary to look up the noun friend. Y'all ain't fit.
im so serious rn. whose tryna kick it ill swoop
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA
Cant wait to get my back checked out tomorrow
OMG !!!!!! What a fuckig goal ohhhh man !!
Employers spend LT 2% of budget on prevention, but 17.5% of GDP spent on sickcare. Now that is SICK!
Woke up today thinking about how funny I am.
Basically you're just saying to drink more. Basically I'm just sayin.
I just want to eat tostones and plantains and guacamole forever. Obviously still very moved by my recent meal at .
I got one shaving her vag and the other one shoving in a tampon I can't deal
Will I ever find someone like Augustus? ='(
OK BUT I HAVE A FUCKING MOSQUITO BITE ON MY ASS
Late night thoughts are what kills me the most
Finally get to sleep in tomorrow.
'DO HALVES WITH ME DO HALVES.' MOM ITS A MEATBALL SANDWICH. IT SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE DOING DRUGS.
-I'm so happy right now!!!
Starbucks has oprah chai tea now....
If you literally put 5 smiley faces in one message bye.
No we can hope Carmelo joins the heat and sends them into a tailspin that leads them back to half field arenas.
\": can be an annoying tease.\"ahaha yes!
\"I wanna know if I'm paying all these tax dollars, when are they gonna put a man on the sun?\"
And it all started w\/ an Adrianza walk....
We out to fatshack
I owe this lazy\/relaxing\/awesome Friday night to &amp; Tomo Japanese Fusion.
Check out our updated Facebook page- The Galleria Group!
Why bitches put singing videos up knowing they can't sing
Why am I tweeting right now. I'm not even alive. I'm asleep with my eyes close. Yet I'm still tweeting. Why
alt + enter ==== power
Leave it to Sydney to burp in your face while you're trying to do her makeup
When you drop all your hoes for one girl and she doesn't come over &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Social skills are crippling.
As long my conscience is clear, I'm good.
I will never be as good as goku
off my chest but never off my mind
You wouldn't believe the great view I have
I just wish it was a better series. This fucking blowssssssss.
Well that was a long 25 hour day
On a scale of 1 to 10 you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need
-Vivi Todos Los Cambios! Y Aunque Venia Llorando.. La Luzz La Encontre *.*
I'm trying so hard not to let it show...
The darkskin girl in the back was getting it
how the hell am i gonna walk in heels tomorrow
JESUS, take the wheel &amp; drive this bus! sucks in two languages.
My favorite artists have to be: \nScHoolboy Q \nLil Wayne\nThe Weeknd
Don't ride for people who won't even walk for you
My biggest fear in life is to lose myself in other people. To live an average life. To settle. That terrifies me.
6 hours till we get to L.A.
in the room the men come and go\ntalking of their vasectomies
We are going to win!!! \n
My toilet came in the clutch!
If I push you away it's, 9 times out of 10, me just wanting you to pull me back.
Tomorrow's my last day of freedom before I become a slave to the $$$ let the torture begin
So drunk I jss wna lay down
I like keeping things on the down low
Happy birthday to merica! 50 stars and 13 bars of excellence.
Someone slide into my dms lets be friends : )
This is all your fault
French Montana looks like he should be the driver of an Uber.
I really had a blast with all my old buddies yesterday. Missing them already.
All I want this school year is some good grades &amp; a great season!
LI goes 3-and-out and punts it away. NYC ball at its own 36
This night turned out to be much more exciting, eventful, and fun than I had originally expected
I realize I say \"oh\" a lot
Well I'm going back to being pissed that someone threw out my chicken and broc when I am hungry and counting on that as dinner.
I'm gonna need a new clean pair of shorts after that goal!
\"That's why I was puking in my tits in the cab\"
Drinking is the only activity that I really enjoy.
I should've listened when 3OH!3 said \"don't trust a hoe\"
Rap music isn't the only good music out there.have an open ear for everything and expand your mind
Litterally look like a hobo sitting on Kelsey's porch
If you want guys to like you, don't get fake boobs, buy the NFL tv package.
Talk about an awkward situation
92 on practice regents multiple choice I'll take it
Me: Goodnight Robert! \n: goodnight Sarah! \n\n5 minutes later\n*texting Robert from my room*
I'll swipe all these random ass hoes
I wanna go to hawaii
Find out who you are and be it.
Girl you had good but I can't give you betterrr
Gonna play dota. Fucking league man
Finally catching up on the Awkward season final, this show cracks me up so much.
I'm thankful for the bumps, yeah I like to feel the road.
Ghana is playing a little too dirty.....
But if that's not the situation and she playing games.. All I have to say is.. Don't chase just replace
&amp; my brother asked us 'ARE YOU COMING WITH ME AND MOM TO DISNEYLAND' awh :'(
\"Family emergency but... penalty kick shootout ftw...\"
Staying :) home :) again :) for :) the :) 50th :) time :)
You're way too beautiful girlllll that's why it'll never workk
Waiting to watch the game ..NBA Championship! Get ready to battle! Go Miami Heat!!!!!!!!!
I STARTED TO DRAW CALUM 8 HOURS AGO AND I AM STILL NOT SATISFIED WITH IT
I dont like that old lady
No letdown here
Already off to a rockin start with Peter's plane getting a 6hr delay
I hate fifa so much drag
Ok mi n Jess r ready to go insane
Ima miss the feeling of warming up before a game
Fuckkkk yea !!!!!
My sister would dye her hair in my room, now it smells like hair dye.
I'm a year older than kids on 16 and pregnant who have already fucked up their lives
BRING ME BACK TO LIFE IN COLOR
Just heard about Vicky Duval. Such sad news. God I hate cancer!!
Interviewer: Are you happy to be playing Glastonbury, Mr. Hetfield?\n\nPapa Het: YEEEEAAEEEEEYEAAHHHIIIYEAHHHAWEEEEEEE YEAH HEAYHA\n\n
puta na break ng Heat ang Rec nila. sila lang nakagawa ng 4peat!!!! lol
FUCK THAT RONALDO I STILL LOVE YOU
I work in a place where I'm constantly interacting with new people each day. I love it! So many conversations about other lives!
Americans are the friendliest people i have come across since leaving home
I real life put too much effort and time on people who could care less
My parents are youngsters
Just got a call from my cousin I missed him and his kids &lt;3 he said congregations on your engagement :) hope to see him soon :)
Saw crews cleaning up Mnhtn bridge path yesterday, but not touch the big mound of trash or mattresses people add to daily.
Couldn't understand why I was sitting so close to the wheel.... Thanks for moving the seat!
Poor Zino, someone get him a dating show
Just went 18\/4\/13 with Draven :D
How\/why does Kufi Kingston still have pyro??
How many times can Frankie Grande tell everyone his sister is Arianna Grande in this episode of Big Brother?
Sam Smith is MY artist of the year.
Burger isn't even put together right. Tuh
USA is falling apart...
I just want some warm cookies b
I want a nap
Sheesh RT : Did he just dunk that?! GOODNESS
Cameroon gang VS. Les lions indomptable
I need spencer to come back on my block
43 minutes of my life have been wasted thanks to PLL because none of my questions were answered. 'A' doesn't even exist.
Cheez-It's or Goldfish? I go Cheez-Its and am currently 2 bags deep.
Its hotter inside my job then it is outside
No respect. Still my nigga though.
...... Can't get enough of this GAME....... Spuuuuurrrrsssssss
Man if I wasn't fixated on getting rich I might wanna cry right now lol
I like us better when we're wasted.
Nice seeing my son today
Maybe LPs are just not her strength at this stage in the game. Which is fine! She should keep making EPs. But that album was a fucking mess.
Idk y folks from Utah is so crazy for jax..
Nice Lil burn and jamba sesh with my brothers
Did my battery case died, for good, just like that? With less than a year of use? C'mon!
Hear is your chance boys
Bike on a rush hour 1. Solid choice
Being a legend is based on OPINION. If your legendary at doing something? And you have PROOF? Then YES obviously your a legend. Simple.
tell me what to do in berlin\/london next month
1-0 Yanks! Dempsey! I Believe That We Will Win!
That face of your deserves this face I have
Edmonton has no excuse to have a pick before 10 next year
Stop retweeting all these food pictures!
huge props to you if we hang out and you can get me off my phone
I need a gallon of orange juice with movies pizza and my boyfriend
I hate my cellphone the battery runs out way too fast !! Lol
We have 2 dozen donuts at work right now bc the managers love us. All is right in the world.
Sometimes someone breaks your heart in the right spot, bad enough and tears everything you built yourself, time will not heal all.
You just fall out of a B17 cause your the bomb
\": JESUS DIED FOR YO SINS BUT YOU STILL A HOE\". CTFU! Stop that! LOL!
Ate Daphne is so lucky. Naging sila ng crush ko hahahahaha
Lol idk where I am but it's beautiful
Best thing ever about the Internet: using it to find the secret code for resetting my dishwasher.
Mais tu vas te faire balancer.
Crazy I still remember them bars lol
The heat just done .. They got too many problems going on
Why does it take forever to go through lincon tunnel
His little eyes are wide open.
Lol but where is my actual bf rn
I don't want to change the world, I just want to leave it colder.
I'm rolling up that loud pack.
I should really get to sleep
my mom is showing my dad videos from the Katy perry concert like he cares....
NOOOOO FUCKING WAY !
My coworkers say I hide nothing anymore lol. I'm a very outspoken person I can help it lol
My mom just yelled at me cuz apparently I don't eat
Mall sounds promising
\": There's a show called \"Fat Cops\"\" hell yeah its funny as shit
he look good but chill ..
I made this one with my tears
Since the 4th of July is a national holiday I feel that everyone should have off from work
Could've at least cuddled with my dog at home...
Let it begin! Do it, !
this dont look to good
That fruit salad dead filled me up
Glantz: With data: \"Just because the number exists, it doesn't mean you have to report it.\"
sa voix le matin elle est trop douce ptn&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; *-*
Exactly what we didn't need
Train rides are long and boring but you can't beat that view. See you tomorrow Fort Wayne!
Who's tryna chill lataaa
i totally just realized i like actually have followers on here. i'm not here for that though. that's what tumblr is for.
Don't worry if a tick's head stays inside your body. As long as you've ripped its body off and it has no more blood, you're fine.
Sitting here eating cheesecake at 12:30 listening to Hedwig. Life doesn't get any better. I LOVE NEW YORK.
Ill Will top 5, smh I heard he got 3-0'd against DNA
I WANNA GO SEE ED SHEERAN IN SEPTEMBER BUT NO ONE TO GO WITH SIGH
IM SO SCARED FOR KINGDA KA
the thing about reality is it's still there waiting for you the next morning
I got trust issues not just with females with everybody. I don't trust nobody
Please please please get out of my head. I hate this. I want to get out of USA already. Can't stop harping on you.
Why is the bartender at Petes pouring me shots....nooooo, I didn't ask for this
It's impossible 2 help some1 who doesn't wanna be helped...you can't make a rock bleed water my nixxa!!!
Watching the purge for the first time
Keep it right therre
we live in a world where people love to see others in pain as long as they're not miserable.
There's so many things I wanna do.. It's just the risk
Literally just fell asleep on my floor...
I just hope I passed my physics regents..
NYC yet to hit 90 this year. Recent Junes that had no 90s: 2009 and 1996. On average, NYC's first 90: late May to early June.
It parks in the shad for like 2 minutes and then leaves. Its like a everyday thing.
I just wanna walk up to that little boy and give him a hug lolllllll
please? ilysm cam!
Awwww He Shout Out His Daughter !!!
The official forecast for from Karl the Fog: \"I'll be here, defending the sky like Tim Howard.\" \n\n
So great to see back on tonight. Such a moving opening monologue.
At least I got my ... Now to rearrange the rest of my day...
My hair needs to be done
Just. FUCK THIS. FUCK YOU. FUCK EVERYTHING.
Ohhhhhhhh bitch is backkkkkkkk KATE ARGENT
Always some shit man.. Bout to kill this nigga
The armpit of all Avoid if possible! I miss !
summer starts in a day and I so far have 0 bathing suits that fit -_-
was a really good movie, good job !
I think bitches that do demon are even more disgusting than da hoodlums that consume that shit!
JOHN BROOKS TO WIN THE GAME AGAIN!
Some things are better left unsaid
My life has always been way to many \"Tomorrow's\" and not enough \"today's\"
Oh Jeez Jozy
I would've never that the shit I'm going though would happen days before my bday
In writing mode and staying awake with 's \"Glastonbury Tales\" -- : New Order's performance from fest '87
I remember when we used to be so close an now it's just a distant memory..
My opinion is what really matters so just stop.
Make way for the hall of famer
Welcome home !! It's been a long year!
I love Danny Hosea and I'm dingus
All my life Im gettn guap, these bitches on my cock Riding round in foreign drops I threw that fefe on the block, bring some liquor &amp; a thot
this weather is a buzz kill
all packed up and ready to go nooo
Father's Day has officially been changed to Dena Day!
if im not at home watching teen wolf by 10pm im gonna cry
That was fr the happiest part of my day everyday lol
Im scared to think Ariana has an eating disorder, i really think she does :\/
Might as well message Dylan because why not?
i remember when lil wayne was cool
Interesting. , not one to preach exculpatory GOP theories, says he thinks Dem voters were the deciding factor in Cantor loss.
\": I'd become an assassin, be a daredevil, get diabetes...before I fight for this country.\"
This medicine advert is mostly listing scary sounding side effects.
This should be a spurs repeat! The heat last year took advantaged of a spurs team that CHOKED last year...NOT THIS YEAR! Wade needs 2 retire
LET'S HOPE Y'ALL ARE GONNA WAKE UP FOR CHOIR PRACTICE HAHAHA
Tyrion wished Tywin a very Happy Father's Day
I'm not even worried this reference table is basically a cheat sheet
Her skin sunken into bone \/ \/ sharing the Truth.
I can get as many numbers as i want, but there's only 1 man i always want to talk to, be around, &amp; be with. +a day
3 seasons in a span of 3 days.
Orange juice is always a good idea.
Genobili is a savage
Any fans in Seattle going anywhere to watch v tomorrow? My little boy and I would love to cheer with you!
imeant to call out too, but it was so cold, ionly remembered cdhu!
This clown just referred to global warming as \"planetary warming\", so he MUST know what he's talking about...
Let's fucking gooo of USA!!!!
With the missing car being located, passing the mojo to to reunite him with his guitar. Talking to you, .
At least if I have to work 12 hours I can get drunk and take pictures with former sharks players
I will be on my death bed and still won't be able to understand guys
\": Yall think it's possible for a fine ass chick to have less than 1k followers on IG and not be catfish?\" Yup
I just wanna meet a man fool enough to take me and my kids out this God forsaken city..... dat all
Ronaldo is so sexy !1!!1!1!!!!
Just cut off a cop and he laughed...
Eso de que estoy hablando por Skype con alguien y que esa persona se quede dormida
The condom commercial where's he's strugglin and drops it on the floor is so fuckinggggggggg lame oh my
They always play two movies at the drive in but you only get to watch the first one.
The truth hurts but it's apart of life
Whoever knows how to keep a convo hmu
Lebrons Last Game in Miami ?
Omg omg is that the return of ?!
I do this thing in my sleep where I put my arm in the air and leave it there &amp; I woke up to my mom trying to balance a napkin in my hand\nWtf
Germaine Jackson? No Germaine Jones
Great weekend at . Now off to Zeitgeist to catch up with and anyone else who wants to stop by
So there's an israeli and a hippie living together in an apartment...*insert punchline here*(ba-dum-ts)
At an outdoor concert with an 80s cover band called \"Tainted Love\". Dancing to PYT with and lovin'it.
You got arrested for celebrating too hard for soccer
Right no time home to watch the heat loose :(
Someone legit just looked at me in the isle at Walmart and said \"Look at that douchebag to their child.\" Ok.
Si in apparently driving into a hurricane to see today
El atardecer de hoy de New Jersey&gt;&gt;
I'm sooo bored &amp; have no one to talk to ugh
Run as much as you run you will get what allah will give you? So love what you do until you find what you love.
Some people don't deserve the shit their put through.
That refs combover game is strong
Mariah Carey \/ Wale - You don't Know What To Do
This game is stressful
\": If I muted every soccer tweet, I'd have an empty timeline.\" Fly Eagles Fly, baby.
Yeah video of the year
The worst thing of all about judging and condemning other people is that it has no effect whatsoever on others but all right back into you!
got my city on lock, xo til the death
Use to beg mom dukes for lunch money honeys use to run from me
\"That's not my foot, that's my stomach.\"
I want to see my grades already
Dreams and Nightmares Intro really one of the best rap moments of our generation...
put your loving hand out darling
Hoping for no rain tonight. Since I live in pa now, I bought a giant bag of fireworks and brought them back to blairstown...WOOO!!
To study for finals or paint my nails... Decisions decisions
I'm so pumped I don't wanna work later lol
What an awesome day
Someone come to Strickland and take a walk wit me
Dj Quick is rocking!!!!!!! It's Wednesday!!! Ahhhhhhh play DJ play!
no I seriously am driving to the bay rn
Today's diet: Cheetos, vodka and sun
Ashley is the relationship breaker shes the girl on Maury ur man cheats on with ur bestfriend
*soccer players last name*
Cross country tomorrow... But I have volleyball
Were here to play !!!!! Lets go !!!!
I just want to see Chris already
\": I have never wanted someone so badly as I want you.\"
Miss the days of actually sleeping.
\"Life is like a box of chocolates....\" When you're in one of the hood clubs downtown, yeah obviously
Quien se acuerda del puto vela
Up filling out job apps though
Can't go to sleep because I can't stop listening to Parliament.
Such a joy to watch in action. So often we focus on the front line, forgetting the importance (and beauty) of the back. Vamos
Did that really have to come to mind right now? Ugh.
the shit that occurred at ritas today makes me have zero faith in humanity. EYE ROLLS FOR ALL.
This lady on hoarders got 50,000 dolls in her house
My voice is literally gone already.
What if I was actually someone's WCW ahahaha
I want to go to the gym but ill probably most likely faint since I was taken out 7 tubes of blood-.-
If I fail chem tomorrow you can blame Teen Wolf because I'm sure as hell not missing it
Angela Merkel to be shown at least once during the game. Almost tradition by now.
nothings changed in the past so why would it now?
These pills killing my biology, but this feeling calling me, morals keep on stalling me, I'm walling b, Molly popping wanna be is all I be..
High Waisted Shorts Can't Save Em All!
I'm happy that's she's living her dream and everything but there are days where I wish she was here
11:28 am and im still laughing
You a hoe you a hoe. You a undercover hoe if you have a different boyfriend every two months
Ansel elgort Is so cheeky and adorable
Nightmares keep me up all night
Agenda for the weekend...Friday work, Saturday work andddd wait Sunday work
DIABEATS no.. no no no.. no.
lifetime, I believe... RT : What channel the BET awards on ?
You know for it to be a show about Pipers journey, her plot is bring, I love Daya! Even though she pregnant
I'm a real big fan of yours but I'm quite the joke to you
True love is letting your significant other see you with a full head of color. That's all I have to say.
Can't wait for my Flatmate to move out. What type of moron knowingly moves into a drug free apt?
if I could sing my life would be 1000 times be
It's so funny how at any age people can be so rude and immature
Yes. We BELIEVE.
Love my new -
Making a baby is the easy part, but raising it is what could be hard. Remember that.
Omg stop making the fucking dogs bark
I'm gonna spend so much money on ink refills HAHAH
im probably not gonna go to the gym tomorrow
So is Dwade retiring or nah
Mikaelas sleeping in the middle of PLL wtf
I've been gaming since the start of games
I wear this chain everyday ! Like it's my favorite item ever besides my phone
Man I swear she from Atlantis
Tim Howard is playing as the 2nd best goalie in the cup.
aww asain ladies are cute asf they be like tee fy yong all innocent and shit but really you know they can judo kick ya bitch ass
Keeping my distance
98% of my face is not covered by makeup when I do wear it
If your snap chat story is longer than 30 seconds... &lt;
What a beautiful goal.\n\n
You're all stars in my eyes
this line at dunkin right now is something serious.
My bracket is still going strong!
I'm honestly so exited to start next month. Like it's the rest of my life in my hands.
Let's goo vandy one more out let's do it boys
Lets gooooo i see my report card online i passed it nd NO summer school for me
\": \" &lt;~~~
Son they doing a special right now on credit card scammers they got pictures of readers and skimmers, bout to be slow for all you niggas
Standing in line for tickets &amp; it's so nice to hear how enthusiastic ppl are about all of these events &amp;
Shawn's number 8 right now on the charts. Let's keep it up. This is amazing.
This bitch on catfish right now makes me want to put buckshot in my brains
Great convo with peeps &amp; about coming from Dr.'s &amp; loved ones.
I'm not a king bitch I'm a pharaoh!
My coaches shorts killl me lmao.
On a good note the Yankees suck -_-
*Talking about going to a dodger game\"\n\n\"Yo Doug Thursday or Friday\"-me\n\n\"Well what time on Thursday\"- Doug\n\n\"7\"\n\n\"In the morning??\"-Doug
KSJC 240553Z 29006KT 10SM CLR 16\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP147 T01610089 10239 20161 52011
Finally Goal USA USA USA
Ill be quick to put anyone in their place
How about Mexicans and Salvi's just get along for once. I eat all y'all delicious food anyway lol
How can you try and tell me Fisher isn't as great a college as they claim to be? I think they're are and in the grand scheme of things.....
\"The Sopranos was a reality TV show [about Jersey].\" - Anon. \/
Design thinking for food hackathon. Remember it's for people. Hack the journey
Jacob FUCKING WHITESIDES YOU GIVE ME HEART FAILURE
I hate shannon with a passion she is such a psycho. Heather is an angel I love her
Episode 3 of the new season of Sons of Anarchy is said to be the most insane episode of them all. I cant wait for this. Seriously.
I'm gonna make an effort to look decent tomorrow
Fuckin HATE driving by orchards or dark, lonely ass streets at night.
the taste of tofurky is like lingering in me and its so disgusting
She was supposed to me my bird dog but mama fell head over heals and spoils our Lucy so much.
so i spend my summers in the most interesting and exciting city in the whole country and yet my days are usually spent in front of a screen.
Follow me on Instagram BROOKLYNSJD
GOAL !!! MESSI !!!!!!! VAMOS !!!
Why can't really hot guys in bands live in my town is would never be depressed again
LET'S SEE A FUCKING RED FOR THAT
happy birthday to my future wife
Ion Like that Tweet but not Reply Shit
Cant wait to see baby tomorrow .
Twist &amp; shout comes on the bar and we do the VM dance lmao
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE MI USA GOOOOOOOOOOOL 1-0
Besides the fact I had a headache at the end.
Another glass of this shit will have me drunk
Somewhat short-term life goal: go to a taping of the Tonight Show.
Ayy, Popcaan 's official Twitter favorited my tweet. I'm moving up in life.
Obese people remind me of home &lt;3
The real questions is... When is going to post a picture on twitter?
I felt where Robin Thicke was coming from last night tho...if were to leave I'd be on the same shit breh! FrFr
I'm completely disgusted. I thought you were bettee then that...
Awww the nba draft is in Barclay's center. Too far! :(
I really leave for basic in two weeks..
I wanted you because you weren't perfect.
The fucks I give be smaller than Asian girl booty...
I don't even feel like I'm about to be 18 . I just go use to being 17 .
I hate pushing open a heavy door and getting pushed back by it.
Ni lindo que encante, ni feo que espante
I miss how you would call randomly during the day just to hear my voice. Or I didn't text you in a while you'd call.
yeah it's cool to have someone there but 24\/7 bitch go home lol
Would do ANYTHING to be with rn
First night swim session of the summer ???? &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
That looked so painful
Everyone said I got stick legs
New female hot dog eating champ ...
theres this song that i really hate &amp; i have it on my phone like wtf lol
I want a puppy
shouldnt never left studying till the last min fuck this patho shit
I just love when people guess my ethnicity as long as they don't say Ecuadorian lmfao
OK is the Zack W. experiment over yet or R we in hopeful mode. July 31 get Price here. 61 wins needed for 97 win season. Are U ready
gucci this gucci that she use to wear the baby phat
When you got a queen, you don't reshuffle the deck to end up with a joker.
.don't let the bastards get you down. It's a great world out there.
I never understand how some girls get boyfriends so fast like...
Were fucked up but were not the same and mom and dad are the ones you can blame
Shoutout to for having respect for our team
Danggg glasses mke a huge difference!
Kerry Washington what the fuck are you doing at this ghetto shit
Do I want cereal or spaghetti right now?
USA KILLIN IT ALREADY
Anne Frank and John Cena have unprotected sex\n\n=\n\nNick Fantasia
Baby's Got Her Blue Jeans On (Conway Twitty) on 95.3 San Jose with . Yeah... :)
The man behind me just started singing
The fuck was that guy even attempting with that leg
Who's trying to watch the vs game?!
Blink isn't playing I wanna die
ew my photos are filled with selfies
After hours and hours it delays we are finally boarding!
No one i hate more in this sport then Alexi Lalas. Guy needs to stay far away from this game. Has absolutely no clue what hes talking about.
Nelson Cruz has played a *total* of 7 games in a wiffle ball park. Do your research! The Internet is easy!
ahhhhhhhh mothaaa fuckaaa jonesssss
Stress had always driven me to drink, cause I'm surely killing this 1 bottle of Sky right now
Scientists have actually determined that you are more likely to get bitten by Luis Suarez than by a shark. I wish I was kidding
I don't like fights at all .
Ok lady has no idea how to hostess at a diner. God help her
Don't walk in heels with a twisted ankle... Bad idea
time to glitter up for while listening to your sing it sister playlist,
Nasty perv following my brothers girlfriend
They got this lady looking like she's going to a church service.... Some makeover.
Missing the game man
You were good looking until you had a picture pretending to fuck a girl from behind in your tagged pictures on IG.
Maybe it's the baseball ethics in me but I never show up to an important event without a clean shaven face
Yes today Independence Day for the USA but for us colombian its a normal day cause its not the 20th
The hot HS swim coach is at the drive in and he asked where the bathrooms were &amp; it took me a second to speak. I LOOK LIKE A FOOL.
Sorry I dont want a bunch of drunk people or people I dont know at an event thats for my baby not for them to go somewhere and get drunk at
Lastnight got me feelin so drained
Let me rephrase, is THE sassiest person I've ever met and I can't take it
is there such a thing as an audio interface that just fucking.. works?
Immature ishh, that's that shit I don't like!!!
does anyone know what manager is closing tonight?!
Fuuuckk Altidore just injured his hamstring. Worst case scenario. Not good.
I need to learn how to resist ice cream stat.
if you want to hold on to yourself the let yourself slip
Gotta fight Kyle &amp; Pels cause we like the same stuff but we don't like the same stuff, weird &amp; that shouldn't be allowed, someones gotta die
Going back to sleep until later .
I want to do something tomorrow :c
My mom is planting squash &amp; tomatoes now. She really liking these gardening stuff.
We were the closest class to go through high school I'm convinced
USA MOTHA FUCKA
Just saw ebru tearing it up down port...
My religion requires me to punch Supreme Court justices in the dick.
Ughhh. Is it the weekend yet ?
If you're good at philosophy I will pay you hundreds of dollars to help me\/take my class k bye
When a girl plays hard to get it is so sexy.
Stop complaining have a great time and drink
The thotometer is going crazy rn
25 years ago 5 black teens put in prison for killing and raping a white woman because they were forced to say they were guilty by the Cops
Nice nice now I can go to bed
My own fam doesn't even hmu to chill but misses me .. foh
Anyone else just see that doofus T-Mac catch Freeman's HR ball with the palm of his glove?
splitting the series is a good thing oakland scored 9 tuns in the 2 games mets 15
\": Dark clouds may hang on me sometimes, but I'll work it out \"
Watch @ Lebrons PATHETIC defense and ZERO hustle right now. I love it :)
\"It's not even summer why is the DJ playing summertime sadness\"
Two melatonin pills, family guy, and a solid pump
I CANT WATCH TEEN WOLF YET FUCK I HAVE TO STAY OFF TWITTER FUCK FUCK FUCKKKKKK
Karma police, arrest this girl her hitler hairdew is making me feel ill
How many of your instagram likes would come to your funeral? Asking for a friend ( )
Come on draw between and and
Cant exactly put my finger on why, but I have a real liking to \"Birthday\" by Katy Perry....hmmmm
Juuuuust a bit outside.
JoJo Say Your Pain Tolerance a Don't Have No Chill
I was on a some different shit last night
One Angry Dwarf is about Tyrion Lanister
Not a lifeguard anymore...maybe now I can get a job that a college honors graduate actually deserves.
\"D.r Oz can suck a dick\" harsh words Olivia
baby be life of the party
a pair of pants covered selfies? RT if you agree it'd be hysterical &amp; maybe Franco will get back to a fellow alum
If I can find a girl that has the same thought process as me ... It would be golden
Why must work be so busy today
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x9
What's I'll with my spelling today maann
My relationship w\/ oomf is actually hella funny.
Today I say goodbye to NY and head out on my 1st summer road trip. In the next two weeks I'll be in GA, IL, Fl, AR, KS, and MS.
You should feel like you're worth something every day no matter who plays the part
Hey guess who has the best record in the league it's the give them some credit where credit is due.
that really just irked the fuck out of me
Or however the fuck you spell his name.
How is vietnamese coffee legal and cocaine isn't?!
Getting old. I'll be 23 tomorrow. That's not the part that makes me feel old tho, it's that tomorrow's just another work day
That was the dumbest thing I've ever heard
If y'all didn't know ana is my cousin
When you read my text, but don't answer &lt;
omg still shocked my bae rt'd me
Long distance tutoring by K Grady
Nothing better than World Cup and drinks in Brooklyn
He looks so fucking good in blue
Polina semimova and Marcelo Gomes were PERFECT in swan lake (complete with tragic ending)
(Continued) mood \nI apologize but I'm on something new \nWorrying about self for now\nDon't have the time for much else
I always either have too many clothes on or not enough
I refuse to make a instagram, im not gona get caught up in any bs
Oh Jeter how I love you so
update on Altidore. Strained left hamstring.
What am I even talking about.
Enjoyed my last gathering. Glad to see them out and about in the twitter-sphere. Give them a follow :)
Thank God I'm off tomorrow !!!
Thank god it's a divas match. Pee break!
So excited to be celebrating my birthday seeing , , , &amp; !!!!!
.is that a cocktail?
I'm too lazy to get up and cook for myself and it sucks
\"We miss so much when we hesitate... You have to move so fast that you are guaranteed results!\"
Finally came home earlier than 1 in the morning. Need plans
u see that that's xiumin that's my child
Feels good to be in bed till 10:30
I see all these niggas posting pictures of their kid that didn't nobody knew they had.
Little fuck head stole my water bottle at the track. It's ok though.
Somewhere MJ is sitting there like fuck you lebron for the stare down in the first round
Para los que comparan.. empiezen a tomar nota y aguanten burlas...
Making it a tradition that I pregame by myself every Friday night
It's Friday and I don't Wanna do nothing but make money..... that's it
\": Water is wet. \" no water is the water..
G'morning Tweeties! Little bit of a late start for me. Just having coffee then up and out!
Let's goooooooooooooooo already
niggas better know the shit I do it's cause I truly love yah.
Holy JESUS THAT TRCK CAME AT US LIKE A WRECKING BALL GOOD LORD IM SO SCARED
How will Melody's date go?
First day of work and I managed to sunburnt my scalp
RIP Clarence Clemons 6\/18\/11
The last song makes me cry everytime
I need to put my foot down. My sister be gettin shit too easy.
I BELIEVE THAT
True life: I'm addicted to Chapstick
Today calls for a long lunch break
im going to meet so many new people and have so much fun im going to be living the life ive always wanted:))
And I throught I was gonna be out of the house by 11:15 ?
Todos la conocen con el apodo de chona
Real question is y does amber have that pic of me
I wanna just go home, eat and go to bed!
There's an interesting correlation. Hmmm. I absolutely am totally goijg to Finally be happy
I'm about to throw shade &amp; put somebody on blast at the same time. I'm told this could rip a hole in the fabric of the space-time continuum.
You're dead ass so fucking annoying you say one thing then do another and can never keep to plans and then decide to chill when it's good
You should never be your own screen saver, background, etc. no, just no.
Dude im like the only one in this store.
That was a true GOLAZOOOOOO
Cummings aren't you under investigation.. Oh yeah
just got home from work. gonna give my whole body a scrubbbbb
he he he he he he .... I LIKE ALL MY GADGETS TO BE ALIKE MYSELF fast as LIGHTENING so I CAN HELP ME HELP YOU too MY HONEY$
Holy shit. I'm old.. I turned up for a 13 year olds birthday... And fathers day.
Anyone to that i see tweet \"murica\" today will get hit with the insta-unfollow
You really can't down talk Lebron this year he didn't bum it in the finals his team did
And I forgive you being you, cuz you were better when you faked every smile
It's starting to sink in .glad this day is almost over
You can tell I had a tumblr before a twitter cause of all the retweeting I do. I think I retweet more than I type actual tweets.
Do you ever eat a food that is so good it makes being fat worth it
So I'm just so fed up
Seeking $5,000,000 for a startup that optimises music so it DOESN'T SOUND LIKE SHIT ON GSM HOLD MUSIC
Definitely going to six flags or great america at least once this summer
Needless to say Justin wasn't happy
imagine sawing off your nipples with a knife
Roosevelt Island and Sprinkles to end this weekend, I am never leaving this city
after everything I've done it just makes me wonder why the world sucks so much
Girl can you quit playing and answer my texts
Not wanting to sound like an excited schoolgirl or anything cause Im not, not that theres anything wrong with it but its TIME YAY!
Yo we definitely gotta hang this summer!\n\n*avoids you every chance you try to hang out*
Next year the NHL gets another Mackinnon
There shouldn't be a day were you think your not worth it.\n\nBecause the truth is you are not matter what.
Uhm that was amazing.
Hate when I accept someone on ig then they automatically spam me.
I bought the highest heels I own yesterday
Having no expectations has never let me down
Does anyone have white spandex I can borrow today?!?
I'm fuxk with older chicks the most tbh
Nooooo thank you I know what I'm worth &amp; it's certainly more than all of this.
Why is this line at Trader Joes longer than the one for space mountain
And my paycheck just took a $300 to $400 raise a week ... Hard work pays off ... Hello corporate
Nah jk I lost 993 followers since I started this account
Did Ronaldo forget how to play soccer today?
I was a person before you, and I will be a person without you.
Thanks for ! : Follow Friday!
We're miserable apart, but together it's so hard
I must be honest tho I'm gonna miss having gym with , I'm really happy she was at graduation today
If a fireman comes to your house smoking a cigarette and your house gets caught on fire he did it
Im only 18 weeks and Im already tired of being pregnant! thanks to this heat
Ich liebe Frankreich, aber ... DEUTSCHLAND SEIT!
Yoooo what if someone is pretending to be you and is catfishing someone right now!
The tv show lost is giving me such anxiety! Goodness!\n
How funny it is when you find out the people you knew are not the people you thought they were.
Bruh.. how's everyone guna start throwing up L's now.. that was supposed to be my thing :(
Yo this niggas nose is broken omg hahaha
Literally had a blast today in San Francisco!
WE IN THIS BABY
This sunburn I have is serious
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x2
Time to get up and be productive and by productive I mean drunk
Nick look like denzel in He Got Game
Most companies under resource their innovation engine and underestimate their intellectual property opportunities.
Ronaldo can suck a big fat one
oh MY GOD PLAY IN DA CLUB BY 50 CENT TO THIS HAHAHAHA
yeah I definitely have a black mom laugh
After all those days of babysitting I come home with no money
I could buy a cheap car!
Honestly if u didn't text me that and waking up to your mean tweets about me .. I would have talked to u about things .
My hair is so ugly I want to kill myself
It pisses me off when Isaac falls asleep on me like okay we're talking &amp; then no respond ughh he does this every night it's really annoying
\": Everything is better when you decide you don't care.\"\nIsnt this how everyone should think....HEY
lets be honest i probably will
Deadass cant wait for tonight FUCK work today
Well I have been to Costa Rica, I probably met some of those players and didn't even know it, good for CR!!
Christian just did a body shot off Kalli so yes, this is happening
So i left Atl this morning and came back to NY only to find out that I have to go back to Atl tomorrow. I totally wasted a ticket.
It's hot days like these where I really wish I had a pool
I miss manny
Oblivious Texting and driving right behind a state trooper
It's funny how when you're a teen if someone thinks you're older than you are it's a compliment but once you get older it becomes an insult
Patty cake patty cake with no handzzzzzz
Dorothy got me a clay sloth bowl made by an Amish woman and told me I should be honored bc it was her first time making a sloth
I wouldddddd answer that but it's just a trap curve lel
The sad thing is ESPN will talk about how LeBron lost instead of how the Spurs won
If this cricket doesn't shut up I'm going to become a murderer.
Damn! Jack Bauer tossed Catelyn Stark out a window! That's what I call a Red Wedding!
I need some good party songs for my party, help!
.haven't seen Germany put a beat down like that on a single group of people since the early 1940s
DID YOU GUYS JUST HEAR THAT\nWAIT SH SH SHHHH\nTHAT'S THE SOUND OF MY HART BREAKING
The only game I ever play these days:
Pretty sure I just got the job..
Ima go to bed fuck that I'll do it tomorrow
I will perform any acrobatics to call u the name + pronoun u feel is appropriate for u but I don't want to be in your performance art piece.
New Victorias Secret in the mall? I need.
\"Let's make a big deal out of the little things\"-story of my life
You get waaaaaaay too much credit for doing absolutely nothing.
I've always thought Manhattan would be a good place to start.
the idea of packing is already stressing me out
my summer ain't been ass..its been chilling
take my hand it's yours for life, I ain't gonna do you any way but right
I have car grease on my hands. Life is no more as I once knew it
WHAT A STRIKE.
is Steven seriously not awake yet ..
Stupid Gone Home audio journals making me feel feelings
It's pretty bad when me Softee knows u
Ronaldo is so sellfish
Biggie said,\"damn,niggas wanna stick me for my paper, and pray for my downfall.\"I understand it all..
Born in June, what I need to be hot for?
talking shit rubs off on people.
Lol typo again shit, I'm too high for all dat
you never fail to put a smile on my face :)
So rowdy. 1-1
MT Making appt for . Finally had enough of Comcast internet outages. &gt; I would have too if I were in range
I can't wait to move out.
The psycho side that I knew was there all along has been revealed. I repeat it's time to escape
I feel like if i tell him I will ruin their friendship
Gooooooaaaaallll!!!! Let's go !
After 16 books I still turn to Schoolhouse Rock for grammar refreshers
Just swore in spanish, but ma surprisingly knows spanish
Now that the school year is over these teachers giving it up easy
U know for a fact it's other thots exposing thots... niggas not gonna tell too much unless they been hurt
I got a turf burn on my ass that's pretty cool
Ni te cace ni te embarque ni de tu familia te aparte ni de tu casa te aparte
man, i really want panda express been craving it for days now .. .______.
Sitting with getting ready to listen to at NYU
My phone charger is outside in my car and I don't want to go outside to get it
gonna burn all my bras. ion Need 'em
NOT EVERYONE CARES ABOUT THE WORLD CUP TWITTER
UPDATE: NY captain has guaranteed victory as of 10 PM yesterday. Will NY's short bench play a roll? Live tweets all day.
FUCK YO COUCH
Omg omg omg Dempsey
Do your nipples just get hard for no reason?
things aren't gonna go no where if it keeps going the way its going .
Stand for something or fall for anything.
Wow! Manu Ginobili!
i probably should just turn my phone off
Boston will always live in the shadow of New York!!!
Smoking cigars and drinking wine with big poppa on this beautiful evening
What a cracker shot!
So many things floating around my mind.
FROM THE CORNERRRRRRRRRR!!! OHHHHHH
The fact tht its summer hasnt even hit me
Being stuck with my relatives for a week made me realize blood does not make you family.
Most awkward episode I've ever seen. Hiding under the blankets from embarrassment for myself and for all parties involved.
The promise ring bae gave me is so cute c:
tbh the Beatles are great and all but they're just not my thang
Since you been away, love has been M.I.A
The traffic through Jameson canyon rn is unreal
Excited for some old timers' day
that is the least sexual picture i could take of my butt
Happy Independence day! time to enjoy it with a very non american thing..football
Agarro el tlf y se reinicia:)):):):)
Quoting 21 jump street is the way to my heart
Sometimes my spontaneity can get the best of me, but I can never recall a time when I didn't learn something new about myself.
Why you saggin, fam. Pick your pants up.
Well at least the refs are letting them play the game
WHY IS LUKE GAINING SO MANY FOLLOWERS STOP MAKE IT STOP I AM NOT READY
I STOPPED LISTENING TO JACOBS COVER LIKE 5 MIM AHO AND IM STILL cryingG
survived a riptide
look at you now look at us\nall my niggas look rich as fuck
We there through thick and thin...
I swear it's like you never cared, you just needed me to fill the void.
How is the American flag not in your recent emojis?
But why is this bitch going around talking shit bout me man danmmmmmm
Hate getting dizzy and feeling like I'm gonna pass out
Is T.I. &amp; Tiny together?
Cav sitting here texting his gf and I'm poking random girls on Fb and debating on porn
Got some tough news today about a friend who's been having rough times for several years. Still in a state of disbelief, really.
First &amp; last time I'll ever hear a Greek curse.. They are viscous!
la grecia si merita di perdere anche l'insalata
Lol that sounds racist af
Hey and ... 2006.
Unemployed athlete? You mean stay at home dad
Jc and his girl tho... good looks
Hmmmm to go see tonight or stay in?? Decisions, decisions.
and let the sun wrap its arms around me.
Every single thing that has ever happened in your life is preparing you for a something that's meant to come.
Aaron just wants to hot box a blanket like if he was stoner
I should try to sleep again
Whoever decides these updates is mad fucking annoying
dis dat time of night when gates gotta be hopped.
OH. MY. GOD. Possibly going to TOMORROWLAND with my best friend???
Nobody wants to talk to me cause they think I'll burn their house down.
come over and either bring your love or your benefits
You know you like it like that, you don't have to fight back, here's a pillow bite.. Thaaaaat.
Wow my life is so below average fml
I've never seen so many white people happy about soccer lmaoo
People steal peoples laundry and put gum, tint, and that is why i am keeping my eye on yall.
And happiness is for, those who don't really need it. \n\nMercy \/\/ U2
Win or lose today Colombians will party regardless
I would let common have anything i got
Got a 39:48 10k at sunken meadow, so happy
Thanks to for a killer class today;) I'm obsessed with you too!
Can't wait to get back to Gville
Friends experiencing Saves The Day, Saves The Day experiencing friends. Jah.
I can't believe it I met President Seth Goldman! Only at
Possession is overrated
Lmaooo RT : On god need to be on lol her shit immaculate
Me queda 1% para despedirme de la vida social y quedarme en el anonimato sola sola solita
No pregunte si yo fumo , yo no vendo marijuanaaa
Well then. That was terrible and yet I thoroughly enjoyed myself. How do you do that Michael Bay? I don't think any more can meet my eyes.
If you ain't about that money game than pussy nigga shut up. Out here hustlin
When I'm tired we are rocking.....when I'm wide awake we are dead....WTF?!?!?
Like a cholo side to side
Flyers on te clock! Pick a goon and move on
Four hours of studying and I'm ready to snuggle up with someone
I feel like ranting all night wheres rodney ?
lately my teeth have been grinding I think it's my new stress thing i do
The machinations are fascinating. But the real pleasure of \"Scandal\" is seeing a black woman run the country.
Someone take me to chipotle tomorrow
Will I cry when the day comes?
Niggas always add me in shit the last minute
THE ONLY WORD I LEARNED THIS YEAR WAS SCHIUMA HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO TAKE THIS FINAL
Send me ideas my mixtape cover not final..
Really. When you had no one I was there. And youre gunna turn fake like that. Nah fuck you.
Wait forget it teen wolf is almost on
Where do you buy a Hawaiian shirt? \nTomorrow's already got me thirsty
Plus sides to tablet phone: watching Netflix\nDownside: shitty battery life
Dr Rahman.\nThanks a lot for awesome board reviw course. I Dr Zaidi passed the recert board.
Como quisiera que mis lagrimas suavicen :-(
i wanna live in space because no government and no oxygen
I do not feel good at all
I need a real nigga to make me breakfast right now
The walking dead marathon on amc I'm watching. Even tho I watched everyone. Still cool to watch...
JERMAINE THE MAN JONES!!!!!!
WE CUM FO FLATLINE EVERTING INNA THIS BUMBACLOT TILL CRASHDUN FOR REAAALLL!!!
Going to go see my old mate
some1 just asked me if i \"waffled\" my hair this morning bitch this is ethnic ppl hair
Fav for a DM with my honest opinion of you
woohoo goal in 90 seconds!!!
why my dad walks into my room &amp; starts calling people ????
Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh with you and your puta life
dinner topic is my sister and which of her friends had their periods already..... fantastic
Lone Survivor is such a great movie!
I can't wait until my dad dumps his girl lmaooooo
Starting the fourth if july with no electricity joooyy
OK WHY IS ARKANSAS PRONOUNCED ARKANSAW BUT KANSAS IS PRONOUNCED KANSAS UGHHHH
Two toned everything
I hate twitter dm because you can't tell that I read your message. So I'll tweet so you can be sure.
Old school rock n roll cause 'merca
Here comes the Messi tweets...
Imagine someone you had a thing with and really liked and then bam your friend dates them nah nah nah fuck dat
when you're single, 50000000000 likes.\nwhen you're in a relationship, 5 likes.\nhaha
20 bucks USA losses 3-1
One night with my French friends and I think I'm fluent.
It's too cold in SF. The Vegas heat got to me.
Di maria is absolutely magical.
You can never invest too much in training your employees
Why have I been drink since like 2 pm.....
Why is Mrs. Palmer doing this to me
There are certain drugs that are wedding appropriate: mushrooms are not one of them
Can't wait to get my REC on the real .
I can't think of anything worse than listening to C-Span open phone calls of idiotic democrats sounding like idiots that they are. I mean it
Your duck face just makes your mustache more visible
I don't believe in fighting for someone if I don't see any effort coming my way
.There was a brouhaha about amendments and they may have picked up that list by mistake. But Carney was definitely a Kocher.
My dog snuck into the pool!!! So so cute
We used to be Bestfriends , where did it go wrong .?
Ok my phone is saying I have 50 new messages but I can't view them bc it's down...my phone is so stupid
You're always in a bad mood for no reason lol
Major Team USA - Germany World Cup soccer viewing today at noon.
I except so much from people, it's annoying
People that take their sweet time down the escalator when a train is in the station: you sirs, are the worst!!
So did they really just take him off on a stretcher for a pulled hamstring...
Crazy to think about moving to Canada in a month
I WANNA GET OUT THE HOUSE BEFORE I CAN'T .
It's only 1030 and everyone on the road has managed to piss me off today
My dad stole my yoga book.
i feel like every us history teacher sucks at their job.
\": Minsan talaga, kailangan mo munang pagdaanan ang isang bagay bago mo matutunan.\"
\"Im sweating like a mammal in here!!\" -Korrine
Working out and dieting it for
When you're trying to sneak a pic of a person &amp; the flash goes off &lt;
Wow 31 seconds in!! USA 1-0
I'm so awkward I so embarrassed myself rn like wow
reading all your tweets about rain and floods. why am I excited to move back home again?
Let yo girl breathe and explore until the time right
seeing your name on my screen drives me insane
You got the soul and you know how to use it, put your hand on my hip cause you know that I'll lose it
I AM\n\ntwo of the most powerful words;\nbecause what you put after them\n shapes your reality.
Happy birthday !! Hope your day was great
smitten by the dogs of New York
Wow....nothing less than they deserved.
Imagine if your name was Peter Richard Johnson
the FUCKING food network UGH
\": okay wait jokes on turning into a gilinsky girl kind of\" YYAASSS
Lobster for dinner is always satisfying
Happy birthday to America and
tu m'fais flipper comme ces femmes qui s'disent pleines d'amour pour leurs mecs mais couchent avec tout ce qui bouge
Nada que ver lo que me habia dicho
IL FUCKING JUMPING UP AND DOWN RIGHT NOW LIKE T PAIN DONT EVEN KNOW
Omg penalties gunna have me stressing even more
I really should go to sleep
I wish I were asleep right now.\nThat is all.
My goal is not perfection, but instead letting go of my obsession with it.
Being the employee of a airline ...has it perks, by far that was the biggest yet.
Dam I'm in so deep girl probably cause you're empty
He said mr t ! Lmfao
no, I didn't order a dildo, but if I did I would take the damn thing &amp; shove it so far up your ass you would taste it.
Why am i not growing. Im 4'11 and im 17... Like wtf is even going on.?
Woah what a kick to the face.
Goodnight tomorrow is my last day of school yay!!!
Like I understand you're not from here, but at least show a bit of *allah* damn respect for the country that gave your
Always nice to have your money stacked up
Can't wait for game 5
Yo no le digo mas nada
Ok don't clown lebron for crying...any one else would do the same
Afroman is the most underrated concept band of all time.
Ok fans, the booing was funny for the first 30 seconds.
If you screenshot your a fag....
Blanco leads off every game with a one or two pitch out. There has to be a better solution...
Seems like city tech will be fun this year
Mark Teixera sent a Tex Message....
let me in pleasee omg omg
Walking home from work was actually pretty nice :)
Ppl r stupid if they think alcohol makes things funner. Alcohol's a depressant; meanin it's a substance bringin u down. Search up da science
The light is on.....and I'm trying to sleep......and it's far.....not really.....just lazy.....and busy tweeting this....so many dots...
Watching the on univision GOOOOOOOOAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!
Odeio ter irmao mais novo , queria um irmao mais velho
dejen de shippearme con el, basta
Unreal Costa Rica in the quarters?!?! What a World Cup so far
Ew why ruin a perfectly good Kind bar with raisins and dates?
What a beginning! USA
That rain came quick holy shit I got scared
I've got a good 3 day no shave going on here... Not sure if I should keep it until I go back or just shave it now
I woke up in PDX, but I hightailed it to because priorities.
Fuck I wish it wasn't 3 am so I can laugh real hard at my sister!
Woke up to Allie staring at me
We all assume somethings , but when you assume everything....that's a pet peeve
You're Nobody till Somebody Kills You.
Ay par favarrrr, que coladero
Word. \": I hate girls that act like watching porn is disgusting. Bitch its apart of life...grow the fuck up\"
My phones going slow af right now and its annoying me
Good thing I found my phone bc I need to tweet about the game tomorrow
HOLY SHIT I DON'T WANT TO PLAY DRAGON CITY
I need an indoor slide in my future home
ainda estou a espera da minha sandes de presunto ahah
My mom forgot to put my ice cream cake in the freezer so we had ice cream soup for my birthday
Too I just smacked with a cardboard box
Ok really stfu get over it you fucking twat
Fuuuuuck dat bitch
\"Do you wanna make out?\" ...... fucking love Brian
Trying to decide what i should get myself for my birthday present
Exercising frees the mind and so is praying
Paging RT : Is Teddy Roosevelt at the World Cup?\nanyone else see that fan shot?
There is a picture of a stranger's dick on my news feed\nIt's too early for this
Okay so it's almost 8 and the movie is over. What now? Sleep?
He hit it with his dick call it a cumshot
The sound of tattoo guns excite me
Ima never change always gon keep it G
Spurs defense is just not having it .
It's been a couple months since I shitted on niggas so pardon me while I drop a load
\"Can you get me a boyfriend?\"\n\"I can get you a puppy.\"-
Preparing for this long trip to NC tomorrow
Joe Biden????? Why
In an hour and 50mins my summer is gonna be over
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, fuck you. I'm out
El hombre se me va a joder la rodilla y ese portero... Ughhh!
IM CRYING MY SISTER THINKS IM PSYCHO OH MY GOD I LOVE DUNCAN
I can offer more DB tweets if that's more your flavor
\"Well I owned a whip\" Ashton pls
I would give you my heart and sole to have and to hold. As long as you want.
This day keeps getting better and better.
I'm very friend-based. My friends are my family.
People who obsess over hating someone who has never even spoken a single word to them really erk me
Thats 2 for you
Does is bug anyone else when single moms post all over the place wishing themselves a happy dads day like I get it but reaaaaaaalllyyy......
So when everything goes right &amp; everything goes wrong. Such a strange half. He is from Texas tho. Broken noses don't count.
I wanna be a successful drug lord when I grow up.
!!! RT : MTA living up to their name right now. Smfh
AND THE FAMILY WILL SAY ITS THAT HORRIBLE CAT
Sub Ronaldo. Clearly not in the game
These umps man I swear smh
True life: I don't give a flying fuck about the World Cup and 80 percent of people posting about it don't either.
high all the time to keep you off mind
I'm tryna watch Last Holiday not work rn
Niggas will really have a whole girlfriend tryna fuck witchu... I feel bad for shorty I really do.
I've never had less in common with anyone my whole entire life
Get busy liven or get busy dien
To all our men and women in uniform who risk their life protecting our life I wish all of you a safe, happy, and healthy . MT.
I SWEAR ON LIKE EVERYTHING THAT IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER.
My cousin gets to work with Mr. Hahn all summer.... He's a lifeguard
All I could do, all I could do was cry
FUCK GHANA THAT KICK WAS BS
Forcing myself to eat fruit because I just wanna be healthy.
\"Dempsey came out and punched Ghana RIGHT IN THE FACE\" omg
\"Nigger\" - The World Cup
Tryna have ppl come threw tn since no one else is gonna do that hmu
Someone come play drinking games with meeee
Subway isn't the same without
Or nah \/\/ the weeknd, Ty dolla sign and wiz kahlifa
Valero's Crude by Rail Infrastructure Project has gotten a lot of criticism from community leaders, especially after derailments elsewhere.
Dempsey said hell no y'all ain't taking me off on a stretcher lol
That goal by Jermaine Jones though!!
\"Daddy, why did you shout?\"
US fucking A !
I wish Az was like my relatives dude. You pussies just wanna do nothing. Like fuck these people are 40-50 and TU harder than you
Bruh I'm gonna drive just wait lol
Wake up McKenna
Tell me how should I feel when I know what I know and my female intuition tellin me you a dog ?
I'm never tweet anymore :\/ just mainly retweet stuff
This woman being interviewed on CNN had her teeth whitened, but has a missing bottom front tooth.
Progressivism asks us 2 trade our FREEDOM 4 a GOV with Power 2 exert FORCE &amp; instill FEAR 2 so that we submit 2 it's will. Bad trade
only real niggas get escorted out of Jones
\"You gotta do the internal work before you get the external results\" Tony G.
I'm way too mature to step out of character just to make you feel like shit.
come back to nyc asapppp
ON THE GROUND HAS ANYTHING HAPPENED
since when are people so into soccer
Jose and Stevie gotta chill lmfao
YOU KNOW WHAT FUCK YOU OK FUCK YOU YOUR GAMES ARE SHIT YOUR ATTACK DOGS ARE SHIT AND SO ARE YOU PANIC KNIFES. FUCK YOU
I once took a softball off the collarbone umpiring a 9 year old softball game. The word \"soft\" is misleading, but I was on the shelf a while
i want to be a cat bc cats get to be fat and look cute and sleep all day and shit and dont have to put up with stoopid peeplz
Fuck there other niggas I'll be right by your side until 3005
Can my mom just hurry up already
She a little x-rated you know how I like it
yo why are quesadillas mad good
Landon Donovan is laughing in LA rn
You're not allowed to smoke in Central Park!
God don't tweet about soccer if you know nothing about it
who hides someones phone...my cousin does.
\": \": Leonard is showing out ! Finish this ISH! Lol\"(either Diaw or Leonard gonna gonna b mvp)\" c
Nice shot you tool bag
i cant believe tha giants brah
South Windsor is getting a skatepark? Nice to see we've started breeding GDI's.
The Dance (Garth Brooks) on 95.3 San Jose with . Nice. &lt;333
guy soccer players are the biggest over dramatic fakers
KSJC 221353Z 00000KT 10SM FEW200 13\/09 A2993 RMK AO2 SLP133 T01280089
But I mean, you put me first before everything else. At least you claim you do.
Thats the last picture of him taken alive
adventure time got me fucked up lmfao
If the rain does continue for 3 days and stops on sunday... this is no fucking coincidence... I'd freak out too and wonder what the fuck!
So many girls are shaving their heads like it's nothing, and I cry when I get a trim.
I have so much hate built up in my heart
Only thing I'm looking forward to is tomorrow for my day off
Like a fucken dream I'm living it.
Def tryna see again
YOOOOO this girl just opened her mouth next to me and I damn near fainted
I just applied for like 4 jobs in the past hour. Haha
SIT DOWN BOI!!!
Is it fucking spider season they are multiplying
Saludos Para Mi Panita Mia Personal
JERMAINE FUCKING JONES WOW.
Lebron just gave up.
As u see me so.. I no send u oo
Teen wolf season 4 premiere was freaking awesome! !! I love it
Why nick cannon look like that
Yaint even gotta tell em
Something I struggle with everyday is whether or not to shave my scruff. I like it too much but idk
I hate girls who rave sorry not sorry
Que pesar de Luna, Zarco mantiene pegandole
Everyday is the best day of my life
Bench players talking like they're starters I hate it
getting our first look at the gym for SC30.
I've seen like 5 fast food places and they're in the tourist parts of the city..like no one here eats fast food
Beyond happy to be back at Fryathon!
And the implosion starts...come ON SOX!!!!
Croatia &amp; Cameroon, i'ma let you finish, but this is also season opening night for the best casual co-ed league team of all time!
I just bought my Battle of God ticket. I clicked \"send ticket to my phone\" I got the code, but on the site it said it failed to send me it
On the road, again.
Not enough basketballs on the court for the Heat. Spurs will win.
Campbell cant even sprint anymore dude ):
It's hot af in San Mateo
Dy just pissed me off ima block he's ass forming calling me to nite
All I need is to get out of this town and go to camp
My sister calls me the dumb one yet ive beaten her on every regents ive taken so far ...
Jozy pulled a vaginal muscle.....
Fuck Math hoffa he bad For the culture let this dude Rot
Waaaaaaay too fucking cold right now
Fucking cut sleeves to tf ??
is a crazy bitch for putting these guys on a lie detector... Are you kidding me...
let me get your kik or something
Ya niggas is foul. That's ode messed up
HERE COMES ANOTHER MOOD SWING
We weren't \"finga poppin\" each others asss holesss
Free boxes of on 58th &amp; 8th. Thanks for the free breakfast for the week!
Didn't know my dad liked the dead...turns out he saw them twice
been living in Manhattan and never knew about this time warner mall in 59th
For some reason I keep thinking about the time me and met mike &amp; he mixed that orange drink up &amp; pants a random car
Olivia Wilde is super annoying just acting drunk, imagine her actually being drunk.
whats the point of leading ppl on? like its not even exciting to talk to a person u dont have interest in, just a waste of time &amp; feelings
I love when I make fresh baked cookies bc then I can eat the whole thing n not just the middle
Enjoying the 50th anniversary celebration of First Spanish Baptist Church of Bay Shore.
The rolling stones puts me in a chill mood
I DONT KNOW HOW YALL DO THIS BUT I KNOW IT'S ALL WORTH IT. LABOR AINT SHIT AFTER REALITY HITS YOU WITH LIFE THAT NEEDS NURTURING.
Someone please dm me or text me? Or send me stupid funny memes..
\"If you was with me and I make your life happy..\nThen we break up..I'll be happy to make your life miserable\"
only one laughing at a comic bar and being told I'm going to be raped idk fuck it we ball
I've been sinning but I'm only tryna do right by God.
\"I can't drown my demons, they know how to swim.\"
\": I cut people off with no hesitation.\"
\": That scrippa got at least 2 basic tatts lol\" lmaoo
If were a person id be happily married.
I hate when you say hoe shit like that
I DON'T like orange juice if it doesn't have the pulp!! Lol
Yes he's a ballet dancer. It's been confirmed. He just did a lot of toe stances with graceful arms positions. Thats the technical term.
I'm gonna be 17 graduating , where this facial hair at bruh
The Fact That OKC Was Getting Dogged They Put Up Way Better Fight Then Miami Heat
We had some issues with ordering on our site...They should be now fixed! Email support.com if you have any issues!
Ordering a new DAC as a tryout. Hoping it turns out to be some good Schiit.
So people don't want to meet in person privately but they want to meet in person in front of the camera...??
fun fact: get the fuck away from me
and saying goodbye to hank &amp; karen.. and ....lots of good things tonight
Fuck everyone that hits on girls before they even talk to them. Like you obviously just want them for what you see. Perverts.
Amazingly they're offering MORE food vouchers - not a single open restaurant in the terminal.
Giving up is all that's crossing my mind right now
I just wanna go to Vegas after Cali
You're just like every other guy...
Pumped I finally get to see Modest Mouse, in August.
Swangin... Eyes Closed Just Swangin
Congrats to Costa Rica!! Greece, tsk and go back to eating your stupid gyros!
Anyone know if a cheap good running car I could buy ASAP?
look @ the time \n\n usa\n usa usa\n usa |_ usa\n usa usa\n usa
\": \": Good morning loved ones...Give thanks &amp; praises !\" Jus mention me next time uh \/:\"lool okay mr
Can't wait to get my drank on tn
However they aren't adorable when they've only been together for a little while....
If you're not wrong to say or feel it don't ever hold back
Ayden: \"I know the presidents of the United States\" me: \"who's our president\" Ayden: \"Justin Bieber\" oh
Dempsey said hold my D Ghana
I would compare to Myself to AJ Green,He's Tall and Quick and has good hands. Look myself
you use to be the shit bitch, but now you ain't shit bitch
Sometimes I'm just not creative enough to come up with a tweet
Soccer...Smoccer! Today is the greatest sporting event of the year. Nathan's hot dog eating contest! 'twatch
I just listened to the first 8 tracks on blink-182's untitled album without any customers. This is supposed to be the peak of our day here.
I wasn't gonna exercise today... But something told me to get my ass up and go.... So here I go.
How is it already Sunday night?
The Brooklyn IKEA looks like the sort of Death Star a Boy Scout might build.
Good finally messi finally
Oh jesus man.
So uh.\nI might be an assistant manager at my job...?\n\n.3.
Be crazy, be weird, don't be afraid of what anybody thinks.
I wouldn't pay more than $100 for sneakers. Niggas be going hungry for the latest sneakers. Bums.
like hey you hear bla bla had their baby. Oh they were prego? COOL. So lost
you know I thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em.. cause I don't fuckin need em'
Someone is clearly pressed because he lost!!
Kid free!!!! Time to turn up
I'm always putting off finishing the Malikumentary cuz every time we hangout he does so much more funny shit
My roommate said the school was awesome :D I'm getting very excited now
trying to cope w\/ not knowing who my greatest ancestor (the first cell on earth) was, u my inspiration gurl
weet niet hoe maar me lichaam is moe moe
Team Jordan leads 43-42 at halftime over Harlem 4 Life
shoulda died already, came in I was high already
How does one mentally prepare themselves for some duckeru like this
Being up at 5 am everyday got old like the first month , hate that shit
Bay Area girls, let me see yo hands\nWave em at them bitches hatin on you &amp; yo friends
Food shopping for 14 people with the OLs.
hoping it's slow af today cause I don't feel like working
Good Morning Tks for the follow! Now exactly how do you operate? What do you guys do?
I want to love you, PYT, pretty young thing.
$ blourrylights $ hello maya :D ur acc is quite lovely and ur layout is so cute
Optic vs. TCM is on Alpha Stream
Not that it should matter, but a reminder to the misogynists that birth control also has non-contraceptive medical uses.
It's my Mom's Birthday Happy birthday mom!!!!
Lmfaoo I never liked any of baes photos :)
Skip the rain, just sex period would be great today
Joe and I are catching up on separate series. He's finishing S1 of orange is the new black in the living room while I'm on orphan black
When your baby sister yells at you for not tweeting fast enough.
but wtf is actually guud for today?
I find it ironic that \"Keep Tahoe Blue\" bumper stickers are exclusively on the most polluting vehicles.
Fuck it going back home to watch
Bitches think ima lame until no one else whant they ass then they callin my jack again
I'm in the middle of the mall and if notices me I'll scream a loud as I can
Can't wait till Friday so I can spoil myself more
Leonard is playing with a chip on his shoulder this series
I'm glad I had a real childhood before technology took over
A guy just told me I looked cute today and goddammit I proud
I'll give Mexicans half a pass because y'all ride or die for Mexico regardless (unless of course we're talking about where you want to live)
I REALLY LOVE SKINNY WHITE GIRLS
There is a reason why black people don't vote Republican. A big reason. A big OBVIOUS reason. With a confederate flag on top
My dress game A1 when I want it to be.
I hid my wallet when my black friends came over and now i cant find it
I still haven't calmed down. Holy fuck!!!
The wifi connection in this house is so shitty
Bf and I were joking that I was going to lose him at the mall and now I really lost him.
ain't no sunshine when she's gone - bill withers
I feel like that goal was better than me said goal yesterday
You taken but your bf acting single .
If I go missing, you can probably find me somewhere in the ShopRite parking lot passed out from heat exhaustion
Time to smoke a blunt and watch \"Orange is the New Black\"
the 5sos album doesnt come out for me untill the 1st. shit. but im still listening to voodoodoll bc its my favorite
.because I didn't use the phrase \"new memory tier\" ?
Made it through the work week Wednesday, advancing to the knock-out stage!
We All Have Different Faces, Features, &amp; Choices. Why Do U Want Me 2 Live Ur Way? Isn't It Absurd 2 Think U Are Better Than Me Just B'cos..?
Fav this if you think you weren't invited because you probably were... Check fb
Happy birthday to my sis again !!!
Not 1, but 2 thrillers Netherlands &amp; Costa Rica advance to the elite 8.
I can't believe how much time I spent not on tour with ramonesy pop punk bands. I was meant to be here and it feels god damn fantastic.
Probably the worst news I've gotten in a while
RINDO MUITO QUE AGORA ESTOU COM DOR DANDO UM AVC
I jus took yah Bitch that's whut that Cash do!!
My mom just called my dad a buffoon.... What goes on here.
That is true for you and . ? Watch yourself making those delivers this week, bruh! Frontrunner lol
Dont trust with snapchats.. He will screenshot i repeat he will screenshot
I'm So tired
\"club entity presents something shitty and mexi washed neon glowstick foam snapback \"\"\"\"raver\"\"\"\"\" rave???????\"
This Is high school, you suppose to change
fuck it it's staying like that
That moment when you know someone is going to be in your life for a very long time, is the best feeling in the world.
Lil Wayne's performance was not needed.
anything that's going on in MY life doesn't concern you, worry about you tf
Waiting for my phone to unf*ck itself. Thanks a heap for the great cell and customer service !
Andy geyer casually looking for Mollys
If a tits and ass on the internet bothers you then you have a lot of growing up to do lmao cornballs
i hurt my hand lifting weights. this is my rock bottom.
I just found $80 from my money jar in my blankets .. I HATE WHEN PPL TOUCH MY STUFF
Communicating how I feel is defiantly not one of my strengths
He def does though it's probably the app next to his autotune
Micock is so crazy in her mom car
I will never cry over a nigga or a bitch
No one cares about me, but I care about me ayy
Wow Reddick said fuck and you could hear it
I wish they lock up all these fake ass drug dealers and throw the keys away. No one wants to deal with that nonsense.
Congratulations to on a good match. Now buy some wrestling boots.
It's like your my mirror, my mirror's staring back at me
Liquor stores in NY are not allowed to be open \"on the twenty-fifth day of December, known as Christmas Day.\"
We treated you the best out of any of your other friends and you literally took a shit on us...
Jus talked to liv for like 29 mins what even is life
My mom just asked me what noob meant
Ok Greece can we score NOW I don't need my daughter picking up all the Greek curse words my husband is spitting out
some girls eyebrows are just too much for me
Dude, usually mustaches are creepy, but you, my new neighbor friend, pull it off exquisitely. I hope you're over 21.
Grande romero. Por eso te apoyamos
I went to go add you to a list but you're already on 3.... Oops
I've been listening to the radio and can say the worst songs right now are pharrell's happy and \"Don't You Worry Child\" by shm
Team Cha Ching wins 74-68 over Thoughtful Minds!
I hope you getting payed to run shit back
CHUCK BASS IS FUCKINGN BRITHISH IM SCREAMINGNIM SCREAKING I CANT CHUCK ISNFUCKING BRITISH
Oh that's how it gets worse... Cool
My college bill for this semester is expensive................................
It's ok to feel bad for cashen,but hey we got a game to win
Next up for : session with
I did want Kevin Heart this year tho but Chris Rock got me
I really wanted this ninja turtle shirt I saw at Ross
Counting down the days already. 11 to go
I love a good heated floor situation.
Can't we just call what it really is: \"Reach Around Friday.\"
Do people even buy music on iTunes anymore?
Guess I'll just lay here in the dark and think about every fucking thing that's going wrong.
playing with a man advantage for nearly an hour and still can't finish off . Don't deserve to go through.
Maaan its bad when i see you fr
thank Yahweh Jody and I are both coming home today
only in america does the entire country know a man because he ate 69 hot dogs in a row
Ima make you a single mom idc baby you FINE
Still don't care about soccer
I can open my mouth all the way I'm doing so well :)
Don't depend on anyone because most people ain't shit.
Shit. The pizzas all the way over there and my stomach is over here.
I better find nah Horchata Blue Moon by Fourth of July.. I'm trying to be drunk in the middle of the Santa Cruz bay.
jk I'll go in like 5 mins.
NYC construction is a marvel. It was 85 degrees today, my apt. has 6 windows, I have no A\/C, and it never even felt \"hot.\"
Riding in someone else's car and they play shitty music.
Most people think I'm lying when I say I fall asleep while texting but it's exactly what happens all the time. Sorry
10. What are you currently doing with your life; school? Work?
I feel bad for LeBron
I don't need ya bitchy attitudes
Wiorld Cup lesson for as it's members shoot for great goals : the decisive ones often scored in last minutes, for better\/worse
Donna is such a thot
h2o, lean same thing
I feel like an asshole cus to the new people in polo that I don't know there names I just yell \"aye kid!\"
I've been drinking thot juice all day
There's not a shot I'll ever be able to understand the thought process of hypocrites
Don't try to be better than everyone else, try to be better than who you were today.
I don't give a fuck tho.. go do wachu gotta do. You don't cross my mind. Get that thru your thick ass skull
BAHAJAHAJAKAKWKWKEMRNRNNRHRJRRB SPURS!!! LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Planet Fitness is always so hot!!!!!! Witw
OVO crew thought I told you
Someone always Trynna be something they not
Lived in NY almost a year and this is my first time venturing to Coney Island
someone come get bagels with me
I was really sassy today though. I asked Dillon if his girlfriends family liked him. \"Yeah, took them awhile.\" \n\"I can see why...\"
Moving on to larger, greener, brighter &amp; better pastures. Small beans. Let's go! :)
Seriously laying down staring at the wall.
I swear what I want is like a fantasy but it can become reality only problem is the MALE SPECIES.
You can be so loyal to people. Like 100% but their insecurities will always out way everything else.
PARECE QUE FOI ONTEM QUE EU ESTAVA CONTANDO OS DIAS PRA COMPRAR OS INGRESSOS PRA BELIEVE TOUR,,,,,,,,,,,
I like my girls like the way I like my coffee. Hot.
WHERE IS MY HEART. THAt just took my life omg
Your retarted im saying that i woke up and it was stupid cold
My boyfriend is leaving in a few weeks t go on vacation in Italy which makes me sad bc he wont be able to talk t me unless in certain places
This woman is just casually petting her parrot on her shoulder like what
Welcome to wellgreens your way to well have a nice day and be well
Making moves to secure a better tomorrow... Tomorrow and always
Noce que flasharon, ahora se enojo :\/
Come on bruh
Kyle favorited Megan's tweet does that mean he wants to go??
When I see a girl with super thin hair I can't help but think OH MY GOD your bald!
I just accidentally ran into this Canadian lady with my golf bag and it was all my fault but she apologized like crazy. Canadians ARE nice
Spurs goin hard
the david wright haters need to hush. remember he played with a broken finger and played well
\": Did Arianne lose weight?\" yes because pussy is low in calories
It's so sad watching someone realize that their almost 30 and their life is over........
I couldn't park in the height today because the parking spot was so small and I let some random guy park it for me hah, he was good people:)
I feel like I was drugged last night....whut
I'll take it \"nigga\" is a term of endearment now
I had to sign my step dads card and I'm stoned af so my name is all wobbly and crossed out
My last tweet was strong!
If you don't come to my fire tonight I probably hate you and wish you nothing but the worst!
You single cause you sharing your problems wit twitter for attention rather than someone you trying to build a future with
\": Preciate that Ronaldo lol\"
what the fuck is space email
If there is a character limit on twitter there should be a time limit on people fucking snapchat stories
Summer is staying up all night and watching the sunrise from on top of a school
J trying to see Transformers tonight
If someone doesn't wake me up in the morning I will sleep the entire day into the next no joke
Not to sound like a douche, but I took 3 scoops of preworkout 30 minutes ago and I'm leaving my house for the gym now... Brainless rn
Parents are all hype. They don't REALLY want smart kids. They just want kids smart enough to graduate on time and not eat glue.
This Kermit business is just a faze....it will pass
the look was in her eyes, you never know what might be found there
Back in town who wants to chill?
People are always coming and going.... Sketchy business
Miss New Orleans, home gone forever be where the heart is.
I'm really getting sick of waking up at 6am every day
I hate Darius yo
And here I am opening the spa on my day off
I literally can't get comfortable in my bed right now
Ww use to always tire of the pax like who was sure her cheapie economy tkk assured her a first class seat! Buy a first class tkt!
Frustrated &amp; this game is making me sleepy.
Aht that was the ugliest person I've ever seen... oh wait that was just me looking at myself in the mirror haha
She knows how to get down on the trajes
\"And the way he looked at her is the way all girls want to be looked at.\"
Last day of school and I still bummed it.... oops
Imma be eatin that all day every day I'm oh dee gased right now!
I hate stingy people. Stop.
Aimin at yo top bust yo canelop.
Everyone is so greasy and wet looking in Gangs of New York - I can SEE how badly it must have smelled then
My brother knows way more than a 10 year old should.
Everyone is emotional here smh I gotta go home
I want my bf to get excited with me during these events. Is that too much to ask for?
Ignored him until I finished at the other table felt like Colin kaepernick in that beats commerical I can't hear uuu
Kayla lost her iPad a year ago and she just found it today wow lol
Damn Jason Stackhouse..you are such a slut...lol
\"You can't save everybody\"- my mom's response to this commercial about donating to hungry kids in Africa
Wellllll that was a huge fucking let down
BTW how was your day or night depending ha ha call me keep me posted ...
the more I think about it Nate is a lot like my boy Jeff. always have me dyin
Lil Wayne need to cut his dreads off, cause it look crazy. He use to have well kept locs. Wtf happen
I don't know whether to get cold water poured on me or donate 100$. Cold water is so fuckin extreme. Jump off a bridge or donate 100$
It was a pretty good day I must say.
Ahhh cannot wait for classes to end this week
and also I will never fly American Airlines again
Only a few people in our generation know what \"hip hop \/ rap\" is
I'm such a grandma. Always ready for bed by 11pm
This rain pump faking like Kobe bruh
bad bitches like me are hard to come by
I love end of the year festivities
i had on makeup all day and my stepdad sees my friends are coming and says \" you have to put on makeup for these friends \" as if we date kk
Yet we cant live holy???? WHERE IS THE HOLY GHOST POWER???
Some dude at the red sox cubs game wearing a blue jays hat smh that's something Justin Bieber would do
It took 300 spartans to beat the Persian hordes, but only 10 Costa Ricans to old off these Greeks. Just sayin'.
\"I Am Who Am (Killin' Time)\" by Mac Miller is such a beautiful song
And that's America for you
Dans ce pays tu as le wifi dans les bus longues distances! LA I'M COMING!
ain't gunna lie. I miss her very much. but hey. If it makes her happy. I'm Gucci with it.
Wade was so horrible in game 4 I don't care about these finals no more b...nigga was basically handicapped that game
Um I don't do anything exciting I just sit around my weekends suck
It's Sunday this ain't cool
Chris the farmer needs to move his lips when he talks.
Can't believe I'm graduating tomorrow like high school is really over now
FUUUUUCK &gt;&lt; WHY I CAN'T GET U OUTTA OF MY MIND SHIT :'C
I've got the world in the palm of my hands.
64 days for come back to Lanzarote!
What a beautiful play!
Putain y'a les BET ce soir
CHAVEZ AND BELTRAN AND DELGADO AND REYES AND IM CRYING
It doesn't matter if you told them you wanted to do x thing. You can change your mind and \"revoke\" that previous consent at any time.
YES ITS ALL TRUE!! THE MERRIMENT, THE PEANUT, THE PATRICK!
Didn't see 3 straight blowouts coming, though
Ima leo but my fuckin birthday every day
To be honest I've never seen Ronaldo play so bad..
Can't wait to watch 22 Jump Street!
Let's go swimming somewhere!
Ronaldo is sooooo fast..
Welcome to the Island
Que piola apellidarse Bozonchuk tipo lo podes abreviar como BZNCHK y queda re wacho piola yo hago eso con el mio y queda una re mierda
Players are falling one after another. Hate injuries!
Wish people would be straight up with me every once in a while....
Also how does Maddy still look like a dime piece right after waking up
So mostly all my music got deleted earlier, and now I'm trying to redownload all of it. \nIt's really frustrating
Wait who won the bell.. Oh wait that's right.
Hill workouts are no joke Use the geography to your advantage
pero por mi puedes irte a la fregada y nunca vuelvas
Cheeses night 3 set at forest didn't even feel like real life.
StumbleUpon is perfect for my attention span and interest in everything.
Who remembers the girl from Zooey 101, the one who would say yeshhhh, you can shipppp it in the morning
Dude you do crazy cool acrobatics in . Awesome stuff!
I look like I haven't slept in a week
White girls like chipotle, but real people like baja fresh.
Mia better chill for she get punched on
\"Your mother is so fat that I'm worried about her sugar and cholesterol levels, not too mention high blood pressure\"- family physician
Taking a nap on break. Let's see if I can wake up on my own
The ref in this game is the soccer version of Ed Hochuli. 74 more days to the NFL by the way.
\": I really want to go to a vegetarian\/vegan restaurant.\"
lmfao my cousin is too damn young too be talking about that typa shit with someone that isnt even her boyfriend.
Where the bae @ ?
Hate when I spell shit wrong in my tweets
I love Chris Rock. He just don't give a fuck what he says
50 First Dates is a classic
Am I the only one who plans her breakfast the night before? I'm thinking Dutch baby with strawberries + powdered sugar.
It starts with a smile and it ends with all night long slow kiss
Stupid self acting up at 6:30 am
Stardust for every possible slammy award, please.
Walked in roscoes . \nSo many ppl starred at me ahhaha
In legend bar awaiting kick off
I can never fall asleep during thunderstorms cause I just wanna watch the lightning
Monserat no te debe honestidad a ti JL si no Alejandro porque el es el hombre que ella ama... Everybody know
omg bless the woman who did my eyebrows
My new girl is on glee n shit probably making more money than me n shit
\"Trust me, they're not nearly as important as the person standing in front of me\"
Gym or Desayuno? Eh alli el dilema!!
Now Bosnia has to open up and attack and risk another goal....
Don't take what I tell you when I'm drunk serious
Who isn't on vacation somewhere in the Caribbean?
Is Mariah or Kaycie in the top 20?
Everything happens for a reason and people change like the seasons then fall apart
Hopefully will be back
What he said RT : Holy shit. Excuse my profanity, kids.
\"Mom, if I had a butler, I'd name him Alfred.\"\n
we need to come up with a name for our squad
\" Im gonna fill you with the light of god.. except it won't be god..or light.. *unzips pants*\" WHAT IS THIS SHOW
I understand my friend lives alone and all but why does he always have to push me to hangout with him...
Swimming at the gym isn't the same..
Track in a hr, time to get off mah lazy behind.
so I know it's real
What a rocket from Jones!!!
I'm running on 2 hours of sleep. This plane needs to take off already so I can attempt to catch up on sleep
Oh shit congrats on 50k
this may be the sexiest bitch that walked in the tatt shop. god bless.
Miami Heat have actually given up
Gooool de messi !!!!! 2-0 finally you show up
that Pierce tweet will forever bring tears
If you have a job, congrats and if theres people talking shit about where you work then that pity
An actress gets an article written about her for giving her seat up to a soldier. If I did that, I'd get a handshake
I hate that I stay up this late, i get too engulfed in my thoughts
but the real question is where can i find a hot 31 year old to sweep me off my feet for a romantic &amp; very illegal affair
Saturday was the best day of my life can I go back plz
Someone text me that's interesting and can hold a conversation
This beezy in class never shuts up
Making his way to the ring with his fine ass
When I see people on the street not sweating or greasy.. Ok are you human?
I just wanna take you out and show you off, you already know you the perfect one
Too nervous to tweet during pks
My 25 year old brother is taking a bubble bath while blasting trap music wtf
my aunt just went to yoga on the beach .
Shore rd is creepy as fuck at night by yourself
I'm just a notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song
Asked me if I do this everyday I said often
Watching all the hollister workers on break suffer as they wear jeans.
J cole $1 concert coming back whoop!
I lost 75 pounds!!!!!!!!! Omggggggg I'm so happy
i just want amanda, kayli, catherine, and aaron to hang out with me
I know a place that will make me a whole supreme pizza (a good one) for $12.
Alright Knife Party edc set lets go
Getting drunk in a Wednesday while watching live and basketball
Anyone wanna celebrate the fourth with me?
I've pretty much sat in my house half the summer and did nothing
\"am I ur teenage dream?\" meressu, menos Justin bem menos spokspoakspoaks
With an ass like that and a smile so bright
Oh hey, Teddy Roosevelt made it to Rio!
somehow I ended up in union city?
My 67 yr old uncle just got an Instagram and followed me...
It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you.
Keyshia Cole thuggin to this song in the audience
Honestly, you don't want me to tweet about wine. Tweets about residual sugar's like gettin a 12 year old to be excited to go to the library.
Make a wave.
Nani has been working on his acting skills more than his shooting... No wonder why you dot score with
My mom is feeling diplo Haha.
Back Spasms are the worst .
The heat is going to come back because of uncle ray
Imma get to where I want to be.
I just want some things back just one thing
How to lose weight: Turn your head to the left, and then turn it to the right. Repeat this exercise whenever offered food.
There's two type of girlfriends: the ones who can balance a relationship and social life &amp; those girls who choose not to have a social life
MONTANA! : 4. Fav artist out right now?
Girls may be hard to \"get\" but you gotta think you're the shit first!
I been tryna finish this book but i cant .. I got to much going on
Why did altidore pull his hammy, im pissed
Virginia.? I just woke up again
Ron is the absolute worst at FIFA
I'm ready for bed
Mangoritas are the best flavored Thot juice honestly
.the only ones \"crossing the line\" are the gaming companies inspiring homicides
Witnessing Hot Dog Eating Contest. INTENSE!
neither does my grandma. I'm surrounded by closed minded people.
Money trees will NEVER get old
what I want rn is to finish the work I've gotta do &amp; lay on the floor &amp; blast the most blown out record I can find directly into my skull
Faltan 45 min y nosotras vestidas. Nininini.
Mac &amp; grilled cheese sandwich, name it the Cheeseus Crispt. Make it happen.
ii really cnt deal with yuu no more . Seriously ...
My virtual gf dumped me in like 3 minutes
\": lmao by what ???\"this current phone call lol
Bullshit formation at 2200 that will probably last 5 minutes only to tell us to show up at work at 0745.
Why do I have pizza stains on me. I don't think I even had any yesterday
I know these girls life stories now...
The time capsule shows no mercy.
\"If I photographed every cum stain on my bed I'd have a coffee table book\"
Flop of the century.
i just got really anxious for no reason yay lol
It's truly time to move on to bigger and better things.
You guys, I know I'm tough on , but I'll give praise when it's deserved, and the Q70 to La Guardia is a terrific service.
Stiles why are you so pretty?
2 hrs to Kick-off U16 Van West-6pm &amp; U18 VAN-7:30pm vs Games
No mom, I will not move to Little Mexico.
I want this guy who works at TGIF like he's sooo sexy omgz
I was listening to my old music today lol
That was almost another goal!!
Only at the gym to admire gains
i wish i had a bae so i could bring her to family parties and show her off
Deep down I know this never works
I choked on the words I never said and drowned in the thought I never shared.
Guess I should have seen it coming, caught me by surprise.
....and that's all she wrote.
\": dang get it bish\" I KNOW
im sorry i didnt get enough sleep last night
we don't celebrate father's day here
Fuck New Jersey place sucks
Took the behind the wheel test and passed.
I think I like the nights way better because for a brief period in time everything just stops
Haven't changed my socks in 2 days bruh
\"Grady you should be in a cute kid contest!\"\nG: \"But I don't know where I'll put my trophy!\"
Everytime the NYT shuts something down, they claim it will rather permeate \"everywhere.\" Have seen no evidence this regularly occurs.
Thank god this weekend is somewhat relaxing cause the next three are gonna be a shit show.
Cause hearts break and I ain't trying to be in that collision
Very disappointed with the in the case. My employer's religious beliefs have NOTHING to do with me and my body
If you're the type to repeat yourself 50 times don't talk to me
You was talking shit now I'm what you wish you could be.
Jonesy with the goalshot!!
Ugh I'm still working? I'm on major unemployed-mode right now and it's not helping I still have seven work days left
\"Heat Stress Level 1. Please be aware of heat stress and if outdoors consume at least 1\/2 quart of water per hour.\"
PEOPLE NEED TO GIVE ME PLANS DURING THE DAY TIME TOO
Lol I grew up across the street from Troy ave that's damn near fam
People who waste time are condemned forever to work for people who do not waste time.
I need more threads or I'll get bored with Citta again.
San Ann Just Showed Everyone Last Years Lost Was A Fluke
Oh why that's great I definitely enjoy following your twitter\/Instagram I love seeing just screen shots of wtf your listening to.
Where the heat fans tho?
Can't wait to go to college where I can just do what tf I want
Is USA on my brain? Why don't they help me out?
Dude this ticket costed $172 im selling for $150 dont miss out
Kickboxing in Chelsea with Vivian and Lindsay was awesome..I thought I gonna pass out..- feeling badass
never ever ever read youtube comments to anything at all if you're tryna stay in a good mood
I really wish I was home right now.
Really not in the mood for work
Don't even want to go to prom tm.
he actually had to think about if the people are angry? He thinks we are concerned? Who is this guy. What planet is he from?
Notch Cus base standards are way too high
Little kid mad at another little kid.. \"Well you aren't getting a big piece of cake when it's my birthday\" HAHAHAHA
SO HYPED! LETS GOOOO
I want to braid this bbq into your hair and superglue some on your purse
there was so much more blood
These niggas flipping i aint talking chickens
ashton continues to break my heart more and more each day
It's about being relentless in the pursuit of your goal and resilient in the face of adversity.
Friendly reminder that this is a college class and not a frat party. \nIf I can see your ass, your dress is too short
If were comparing himself to me instead of the other way around: accidentally punched ourselves in the face more than once.
Kait you're not hot and ready. STOP
\": James Neal to Nashville!?!\"\n\n Nah chicago.
Honestly I like it better when we don't talk LOL
Heat wave or rainy day what are those street games Valerie brings us food waterski has hot dudes
Recite some old lyrics, make the bitch fall inlove
Can't be hanging out with dudes too busy trying to look pretty
Lmaoo hhh is killing me rn
There's a difference between being straight up and being a bitch
In 12 hours I'll be a staffer for boys state again. I would like to congratulate all my future delegates on how great their ACC is gonna be.
My phone fought the concrete and the phone lost...
\"Wow fuck you. You cock sucker. I'll suck your mom's dick.\"
Lara Seals and Croft
most of the songs are just beeps cause y'all swear too much.
Haven't eaten since 11 so naturally I am stuffing my face in the McDonald's parking lot :~)
Being American is so easy
i aint even worried about any of this
I feel like Mexico man we got robben-ed..billy had all the leverage
really hope when the all star break arrives, it helps Cain out.
*guy tryna talk to me omw 2 work*\n\nhim: oh wow ur glowing\nme: it's sweat
Accidentally burned all my chem stuff a week ago nbd
We are in New York cc
When in Connecticut I like to have minimum contact with.... Well, everything
Now that the finals are wrap up I'm going to play some Destiny maybe even some DOA 5
Awesome night. Now it's starting to feel like summer.
GO ONNNNNNN USA
I'm super excited because I'm going with my brother c:
Like vacation for a weeks.
Who can spot the design error in the Logo. Just noticed it on an in airport billboard
Only slept 2 hours. I'll never learn my lesson.
The best person to follow during the World Cup is
I'm into havin sex I ain't into makin love so come give me a hug feel me getting rough
Bruh, I look at you , and you have no passion
brand new eyes is like my favorite paramore album
Gary, Robert, Dennis, Jason, Elgin, Clifford, Corey, Lamont, and Russell (RIP): 9 members of the Wu-Tang Pals.
On a totally unrelated note, do any of ya'll have any idea how long I've been waiting for an opportunity to use the pun Captain Seaman?
I went from 5'7 to 6'6 in 3 years.
\"His love knows no boundaries.\" So why are we so fond at standing behind the wall?
I'll be sour, you'll be sweet; There's nothing new \/\/
Oomf really be posting the funniest shit lmao
My mom messes with me all the time!!! She just gave me a wedgie -.-
Sooo good looking yes
All day long all I wanted to do was lock the doors and tell people were closed, go spend time with your dad for fucks sake
Biggest lie anyone can tell you is that you have to be in a relationship to be happy.
Sour life got me feeling high like a plane
I can be a little raven sometimes
Second tourney game Los Altos has surrendered a two run HR in first inning
i fucked it all up
orange is the new black theme song is so catchy
Fuck that was a lot of liq. Love my girls &amp; &lt;3
From the back wit yo face in the pillow from that position I know you can only take a little but missionary she can take the whole thang
It's crazy how someone can make you want to do better without saying a word..Simply adoring somebody wanting to Be better for them
But even the blankest of canvases have a story, don't they? Even in birth, you are directly influenced by your parents, because of DNA.
\": Niggas deserve this L.... Lebron gotta dip\"
Great goal Brian Grant
Hemlock grove better then teen wolf. Hands down
If I hear one more creepy ass sound come from the down stairs in my house im packing up my shit and leaving
&amp; I need up be up super early
I got today doesn't drag with this rain shit..
I hate that my parents always rushing everywhere. In best buy I couldn't even play with Mario kart.
I have a serious love affair with beer
Every minute is a fight,\nDon't play wid mi love life,\nWha inna the dark a come in the light,
Gonna go wash my car rn
Voy a molestar a todos mis seguidores 3:)
Free idea: Fast and Furious: NHL Draft
Still warm from the run even after my shower. Bag packed and off to the now for a few hours. Then back later and winging down to
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 30 SECONDS IN!!!!!!!!'nn
Headed to see a preview of BARBARY COAST at - and see my baby sing!
yo trabajo demaciado pa ta lidiando con muchachadas
did she just say....sweet revenge. or am i losing it? ?
\"Did you really think that you could fix me\"
The older you get the more problems you have smh
Just gonna smoke a cig in here cuz I pay rent and I fucking can
The kids on twitter asking for nudes were the same kids with their dicks out on chatroulette
Chris brown - Loyal
The \"I believe we can win\" has to be the gayest chant ever made!!!
Maybe Wii Fit isnt as intense as going to a real gym, but it sure does a great job for de-stressing!
and this is that happiness with self too .. the best kind
Mbohli man of the match, well deserved
Today is August 27th, 2013 right? Right?!
Who is that in the Humira commercial with all that booty?
Hittin up fag island this weekend
absolutely fucking rifled into the corner, unbelievable
Bye and . I'll miss you guys way more than .
hmu when ur done being done
It's A Wrap When My Goonies Start To Line Up, You Won't Puck Ya Nine Up The Woods Is Where You'd Wine Up!
I left my wallet home so I wouldnt spend money
History final tomorrow. How great .
Kick that bitch like jet li
Why is Miyah being so annoying right now omg go to bed .
I couldn't wait till I got home\nTo pass the time in my room alone
aw all the ghana people have cool hair i love it
when you was talking reckless I was out there Working !
Ima bout to bring some type demon right up outta me.. cause I been feeling like you pussy niggas tryna plot on me
that was the best power nap
Coming home to a clean room is the best feeling ever ha
I want to escape all this high fructose corn syrup and fat! Even ibuprofen here taste sugar coated
.Headed that way. rocks!
Walking around the street fair with my mom and grandma is gonna be sooo funnnn!!
Sometimes when you have small boobs your nip's gonna pop out
Ni siquiera conozco tu cara pero amaneciste aqui en mi cama
For real though Tim is the only reason we are in this. What a save
Finally doing my hair today
She doing too much. LMFAOO
my favorite pasttime is outdrinking guys bigger than me
And when it falls down, who you gon call now?
Whys this nigga performing this old ass song ?
Gym. Fasted Cardio\/Chest Day. Lets get it.
Siempre veo esa foto y pienso que es una moto!! Jajajaja que wea!!
Which is a serious problem, as I need to wake up before noon for the game
According to Facebook, there is some kind of athletic match taking place right now...?
Can't take that pitch Perez!!
He deleted you.?? Big deal lol
No more this too much for yall lol
Rent hikes of 1 and 2.5 are lowest in NYC history for renters. Good.
Bear burgers are actually mad good. Just kinda too chewy and greasy for my taste
So mad I'm making bigmacs until 2 and not turning up w my biddies UGH
how the fuck I could be in my damn phone if that little bitch no longer works? some people is seriously stupid
I want to go home now
pila e gente con la chinkungunya como sea que se ecriba la mierdaa esa :\/
Who stole dwade talents
Fastest goal in history
I can't find the world cup on tv but I did just see a man propose at a hot dog eating contest live on espn.
Charlie's Angels was my favorite movie when I was 5 years old why
Vandy wins let's see if UVA can force a game three Wednesday by winning tomorrow.
My bed is equivalent to sex with a pornstar rn
Why do bad things happen to go people?
US is dropping like flies
Wish my mom stopped saying talk shit get hit
waddup time line
Telling me people were going to get the wrong idea. But I had the right idea.
could I lock in your love baby?
LETS TRY TRY TRY SEIZE THE DAYYYY AND MAKE NEW FRIENDS ALONG THE WAYYYY
When is this middle finger emoji going to be released because I'm tired of making a makeshift one.
Everybody at the look crazy AF..Who dressed these people???
Public bathrooms, where doing all those squats come in handy
jones is the fucking MAN
Wiz Khalifa - KK ( Feat. Juicy J &amp; Project Pat )
I spent the day serving hundreds of hot meals to the homeless in the Tenderloin District of San Francisco. Lovee them!
all i know is killaz and brick dealers
A day in New York is always needed to rejuvenate my love of planning and cities.
Ochoa OMG I love you !!!!!
I've gotten like 6 snapchats today of ppl singing rude to me, peeps know me too well
Spoiler alert - \"hiking with me bestieee\" is just a loose translation for \"it only took us 30 min to walk up Runyon today!\"
it would be great if it didnt feel like someone was stabbing me in the throat everytime i swallow
I can tell, I can tell certain people dont like me no more, new shit dont excite me no more, guess they just don't make em like me no more !
I dont think i ordered one piece of meat in my burrito
This just in, Walmart will be issuing magic underwear to all employees. In related news, the Mormon church has declared weekends satanic.
Miranda Lambert and Carrie Underwood did a song together. Life is complete.
I'm gonna need you to not *talking to my feelings*
Best in the world!
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
Can't believe it's already been one year in and . Can't wait to see what's in store next.
Happy that Vanderbilt won because that means is happy
Don't blame shit on me smh.
Not to seem like a puck bunny bUT HES SO CUTE AWWW
\"Caroline is the reason for the word bitch\"
I'm probably the safest driver ever.
Looks like I'm not going to canada
Jer jedanaesta za me tii si zapovjest.mp3 :-D
I walk in to my room to charge my phone for a minuite and USA already scored
este juego la gana !!
Looks like we won't be homeless next semester
Jelena is so vulnerable when Terrence is around.
i really reunited with my girl after four years and it wasn't even awkward haha damn that's a solid ass friendship forreal
\"Give up\" is not in our vocabulary!
Out at Livermore outlet &amp; it's 97 fucking degrees can I take my clothes off or
My life is ruined thanks to that video
Congrats to the class of 2014
Claro, para no coger lucha en yola loca :\/
got sick of class so I started making classics.
Congrats to the Marketing &amp; Communications Commitee!!!
Have to buy my mom a happy Father's Day card.
My mom just goes 'BEACH CRUISERS EVERYWHERE' because someone is stealing locked up beach cruisers.......
love all my friends to death
Positive vibes+ during the tough times
I wanna go on the Flogging Molly weekend cruise so bad holy fuck
...... \": I'm having sex right now\"
Dating at a young age isn't the problem it's the type of guy your dating and how he treats you that is the problem
Bro snow got the gommies on his twitter
I'm simple guy just provide me with food nd I'll all yours...
wonder what town she's talking about
Good to know the Pacers traded the NBA finals MVP for George Hill.
One thing I love about myself is I look at the positive in every situation
what a terrible injury
But what if Jacob actually tweeted me and called me something cute aw
JERMAINE! All these guys stepping up out of nowhere I love it!
Words to remember on Father's Day: Every thug needs a lady.
But you was wasnt there in the beginin\nNowhere to be found when I was down\nBut you show up when Im winnin\nUh left me to drown now Im swimmin
I have a bruise on my finger. HOW CAN THAT EVEN HAPPEN
ZACH KEEPS SENDING ME AOKAGA STOP
so cute that it made my stomach growl
\"Is she an absolute top goddess draped in Dri-FIT? \"
crazy how i had a crush on u and turns out ur some phsyco
Why I won't be in NY for TheWeeknd, Schoolboy Q &amp; Jhene Akio live concert..... sliently crying.
My sons asleep early I dnt know what to do with my life now .......
paging Landon Donovan!
AWWWW YEAH! 30 seconds in!
And the dreams you held so tight have lost their meaning.
Summer entertainment: Watching neighbors take apart pallets for Pinterest addicted spouses.
Scott I'm so happy that you don't get all fuzzy anymore bc ur a man wolf. yas bae. yas.
Boxing, kettle bells and abs express tonight.
And USA vs Ghana
Obviously everyone has a strong view on their side... especially if theyre from that country STOP HATING ON EACHOTHER
Today actually turned out amazing
Ronaldo is not well. Thank God.
The guy is explaining to the girl how contact lenses work.
Thank you Jermaine Jones Dupri. I think they do like you.
By far the worst day I've had in a long time
Fuck me man. Heart can't take this.
all my Greeks do your cross &amp; pray
First 30 seconds, HOLY SHIT GOAL DEMPSEY!!!
Amber Alert: Sam O'Keefe's bike is missing currently of 9:05 p.m. Any info, slide into his dms
What a time to be alive
That moment when the painkillers finally kick in... Thank The Lord. I know knows what I'm talking about
Real talk y'all what are indie devs using to make 3D games right now? Is it all Unity? I know XNA is dead but has anything filled its shoes?
Girls on here lyk wtf she wearing ..? Na ur money dem tke buy?? We see wat y'all bn wearing ...please!!!!!
he even touch Messi?
RIP . I wish he could've ridden that victory lap like Boggs into that San Diego sun. He batted a 1000 in life, pure American gold.
\"Lord over all, I will choose to trust you, you will never fail..\"
Cody has got to go
listened to the playlist royal made me before we were official :') i know being mushy srry
Why is everybody being extra fucking annoying today??? I need answers
I live in the devils den
Cant believe I leave next saturday for good.
Literally always lose track of time here
.did I miss the report on the power outage in Watervliet &amp; Latham this morning?
Summer feels basically over after July 4th
Yes I know it was I'm almost died when I read that
Ok USA, park the bus
Lmao this is why I don't use Kik
The US just scored their first goal against Ghana within the first 30 seconds of the game.
don't even get me started with Birdy
If ANY1 got video of at today PLZ share with us :-)
not like any other feeling \/\/ the thermals
I always put you number 1 in my life, never thought we would say goodbye.
Going to Johnny macs on a Wednesday night because I do in fact have a drinking problem.
DEMPSY HOLY SHIT
Haydn Fleury another hot ass mom
Wanting to text someone but you're stubborn af so you don't
I love watching chinese people cook
Randomly just made some toast lol. I am a freak lol
\"What's an underscore?\"
my boy coming to me and game tmr!
It's one thing to voice your opinion (Chick-fil-A CEO) but it's another to make your problem everyone else's.
Nigga I'm a thug fuck the cops and the judge
Twellman is not an American.
Dollar menus still be on deck
Too much going on. I will be ok.
Trus'me - I Want You (Allan Fitzpatrick remix) gotta find this song ASAP
At BWW. There's already a USA chant and people yelling. I'm scared.
Congrats to and the whole team! Working hard and shipping great stuff.
If you don't love Geo... you're just fucking wrong.
It's a thing
What was the highlight of your day today? (Retweeting answers)
Flight from EWR to LHR delayed 5 hours! Thank goodness for Gold status, I got shifted to an earlier flight ok :-)
Pharrell looking a lil old in that selfie
They hold on tight. Yeah they hold on tight.
Bombs on deck in what happens in these PKs will determine the number of casualties
I've missed in n out way too much with all the fast food I've eaten on this road trip.
Even though I know that everything might go down hill from here I'm not afraid..
Your a ghost and I know this that's why we broke up in the first place
Damn work at 5 is gonna kick my ass
My Sim is actually such a bad ass. Oooh killing it.
Post manicure: \"I feel like I'm back\" -
honestly i'm still tryna kick in the kiandrea breakup pero like whaaaaa
So like? Wtf do i do today now
Missing the USA game. Missing out on this beautiful day.
no money to do anything thanks to the fucking bank locking my account
You know I love you
Se viene el verdadero fin de semana , nada mas que eso .
Ate absolute shit riding my longboard home tonight. Still awesome riding home in the rain though.
I see the most ridiculous tweets about what people want in their significant other.
Happy for sorry for
All I can do is lay in my room fall asleep dream of you then wake up and do nothing about it
It's so peaceful.
dont get too close unless you suicidal
What a fuckn shot
I'm just going to have to get yelled at for eating the food here. Lol I'm hungry.
Hey guys I can't talk right so if you hear me talk anytime soon I sound retarded.
Jesse was able up murk Todd. Good. Dope show.
With regard to the Bush era lost emails. They had nothing to with election rigging.
Thats ma shit! RT : Ty Dollar Sign (Feat B.O.B) - Paranoid.
My birthday is a week away
I hope you get lonely tonight
My favorite Penguins memory of \"The Real Deal\" James Neal was the time he was a headhunting piece of sewage waste, which was all the time.
I seriously love my eop team!!
This guy just lectured me at the bar saying I deserve to be treated like a princess
Its the beard.
The funny thing is she always knows what's wrong. Someone give that woman a phD
What factors would you use to summarize a date? Location, will go on another date, ...
Brazil - Chile will be an interesting game.
Anyone have milk? Tryin to pour some Flowty Pebbles
Jlisai une story mai elle est pa fini
at least I get Tonys out of this
My bro deff be looking out when it comes to the greens I'm bout to be lifted in a few
dream date: star gazing
If Florida didnt pick ekblad first they would be idiots seriously when a defensemen is projected at and your team needs defense
Someone always has it worse than you.
Nice evening, temp around 70 in Hamden
Great time to be alive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Only counseling at Fullerton bc bomb food
Bored as heck
These bitches think they fly like tinker bell
Dang farm ville is such a boring game.If farming is boring why didi they have to make a game for farming.
Hey just because I'm young doesn't mean I can't have feelings toward people older than me it's not my fault !!
Grocery shopping by myself. Miss my boys and niece!
\": Royalty I dream that, Loyalty I bleed that\"
I wanna go back Fourth of July so bad
I'm here to work out. Don't sit next to me, don't talk to me. Do even look at me if u can help it
Sometimes I still feel like Jesse James, just tryin to make a name, knowing nothing's gonna change what I am
Let's go Argentinaaaaaaaaaaa !!!
All this ish shes talking. Kam fuo her magic braiding.
Watching 2 police boats approach a ferry that's stopped in the middle of the bay
Honestly, it was so hot in Florida that even on a \"hot\" day in CT now, I'm cold. Lol.
Happy independence day from here in Brooklyn-New York, our hometown, .
\"but you can jog.. it's probably faster\"
Of the worlds 25 deadliest snakes 21 of them are Australian
A guy asked me when my album is being dropped cause I know how to rap LMAO
Fuck! Right through his legs hahaha
Guys I'm gonna do a little rant don't be annoyed okay
My parents say they want one then they're like \"nah\" but they want one and were getting one
Saw the Gowana longboarding boys at Taco Bell if you want their autograph! I was too scared :\/
Just took some shots with my mom, thats how you know tonight's gonna be a good night
so stressed out. Just want to be left alone for the next couple of days..
Worked on my off day. Shit is ridiculous.
Que no se quejen de mis actitudes despues.
So uhhhhh are we supposed to be wearing white under our gowns bcuzzzz I'm just gunna come right out and tell you mine's black..
When you shake when you get mad
I seriously pick n choose who I text back
Note to self: never walk down the streets of New York when you're drunk. You'll get lost lol
I barely ever wear a bra
There goes our best player
I finished school and I'm still arguing about stupid shit in this house .....
I got 3 six year olds sitting infrount of me playing spin the bottle
This is what happens when you drink after not eating the whole day
Messi just pulled a Messi..
I can't be relaxed. I have a goal I need to reach!
So Jelena's dad wanted to beat on her too!? Oh..... HELL NO! A wife-beater\/Child abuser! That's the devil!
I love my Europeans, but fuck GREECE!!!!!! Let's goooooo Costa Rica!!!!!!!!!!
Listening to good thing by Fine Young Cannibals
Sleepy, hopefully when i wake up tomorrow im recovered from vegas
Much deserved equalizer
Now ive been obedient. I can goto bed with clear conscience before our Lord. But yet my heart breaks for those who will not take heed.
Trying to teach Cato to howl when our teams score. It's pretty successful.
Tony lookin mighty fine in the crowd though I'd prefer him on the court
I just ate soooo many calories. I want to cry
Just watched Big Papi go yard at Yankees stadium. This is the life.
Having the time of my life holy fuck HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BITCH
Tinder is mad interesting to me....I need my ego fed so I don't even be wanting to talk I just need to know they think I'm cute
Seriously thought has us sacrificing an arm and a leg just to buy a pair of socks and they can't even keep my feet comfortable
Ive had wegs sub for breakfast lunch and dinner and im ok w that
Can't even see with all this sand
Got the craziest erection from that goal just now.
\": I really dislike soccer and can't wait til this World Cup bull shit is over. Bring on football \" brraaahhh chill
Why am I still up smfh
Who goes to planet\/ cardio and wants to take me with them?
Hope they give me the day of Saturday I really want to go to ales bday party
Does this mean I'm literally a die hard directioner?!?!
Cut her off remix - YG. Juicy J and Lil Boosie
Not even a week and I'm already 2\/3 over my data limit
See what happens when u shoot the god damn ball messi!
My energy bracelet broke last night! I thought it was a dream, ugh. So annoyed.
You know the best form of birth control? Going to HOBBY LOBBY.
Last min dark purple streaks before vaca? Gotta
When you genuinely fuck with yourself &gt;
Why does it feel like it's 7
G2- Haven't talked in a min!! but that xbox party with Kendall and Marcus helped me realize thanks bro
Still at BWW watching this game!
I need this job
I cut people off on a daily basis.
If it's nice tomorrow , I'm breaking out the 12 gauge and 30-06
Molotov Cocktease alt voice for Eliza pls \n\nAlso Southern Filia, ok
I got woke up fuck that I'm back to sleep
Twice in a lifetime!!!!! FINAL Jeopardy question CORRECT!!!!!!!!!!!
I think I'm gunna keep my selfies to myself.\nNo selfies lol.
Lookin at me now i can see my past dam i look just like my dad
So I go, &amp; I will not be back here again.
When thinks the guys are in the Hamptons but they're really at Hampton. KYS.
I just got off FaceTime w\/ teyana
Yu just end up getting difficult don't ya!!
watching Keeping Up with the Kardashians and I'm laughing so hard
cant believe your single is out, im so proud
No love is more pure than that of the 40 year old couple sucking face next to me on the bench at the bus stop. You guys keep me young.
It seems there is a 100% chance of rain and also a 100% chance of blacking out
Well....I got layed off today....guess it's time for a vacation......
Lol why do I wake up at the weirdest times man
When I tell you this sleep is knocking at my front door I shouldn't of popped a pill last night
And he put it on his snapchat story hahahaha
yo bitch fuck me cause I'm papi
The speakers spoke, the light dimmed, and now they surround the audience.
Everyone is fucking with me and everyone is about to get cursed out real quick.
You oppose my views on radios and how they should censor songs, then get pissed about a censored movie? Pull your shit together.
Is that person on gabby's ask actually serious ???
Say my name, and hers in the same breath, I dare you to say they taste the same
I might never get to work at this pace fuck slow drivers
R.i.p up my uncle, sorry I couldn't make it to your funeral this week
\"You can't step into the same river twice.\" - Heraclitus
Watching with Andy and
Judging by how loud my stepdad is screaming from my neighbors house I'm going to take a wild guess and say USA just scored
11 hour shift begins.... NOW
crying at the game. Lmao
I need to buy some Wu Tang clothes
I want tacos sooo bad
Pleased follow me cant dm you because you don't follow me please pleasseee
Altidore skipped out on leg day.
Long story short, I'm not feeling yall
why tf is it SO HARD to find a god damn cargo jacket
I want to sleep on the beach
I love the nauticle mile with a passion! Expecially with free drinks all day
I've eaten healthy for two weeks straight now and there's a fatass chocolate cake in the fridge.
When I need Natalie to text me back she doesn't do shit! Ugh
and he didnt win american idol
Bosh that attempt was sorry.
I wanna make chocolate covered frozen bananas
I have the worst muscle pains..like it's really bad
...or hair oil. This seals the strand so the chlorine\/salt doesn't dry out your hair and damage it
Incredible shot by Jones!
From WV to NYC... Anxiously awaiting
Every game in group G is gonna be hella good
Do you remember what it's like to tell the one you love the truth?
Kinda of upset our president isn't there. Just goes to show how much the U.S. doesn't appreciate or care about soccer. But thank you VP
Callin ppl at 6am askin for $10 or a metrocard...that shit fucks up my pride &amp; dignity
He bent it. Like Beckham.
looks like pharrell just came from the local skate park
this menu is dropping knowledge . wish I had a bigger purse so I could steal it ;)
The US team is underestimated but they're not that bad
I just woke up after like a 5 hour nap and I wanna go back to sleep
THE BITCH IS GONNA SNAP HER HEAD OFF WITH THAT HAIR FLIP WHAT TJE FCK WAS THAT
Maybe if you knew what it was like to love someone, you wouldn't be bashing other people for spending time with that person.
Woooow wtfuuuuuh \": This skank goes to Florida and she comes back all brand new FOH.\"
Bein a bad bitch on the side might not appeal to fools like you
Finally messi scores his own goal...
At the end of the day, nobody has my own back like I do
I have the most psycho dad on this planet. I need to move out of this house already.
Isaiah always retweets either gay shit or funny shit- he better stop with that gay shit .
How is everyone with someone\/talking to someone\/has a bf\/gf what the shit is going on homies
What a rahtid penalty saveeeeeeeeeee always sucks to be the one that misses
Happy \"Taxation WITH Representation\" day!
I LITERALLY finished a book in one day... that's a record for me bc I hate reading
I have a hankering to go camping, even if its car camping.
What they wearin', who is that? Ask yourself, why you care?
I never take selfies anymore cause I never do my makeup or get ready
So many injuries already omg
Is it just me or is everyone having a fire tonight?
Bo Dallas has to be the worst wrestling character EVER!
I'm gonna have a very early bedtime tonight..... Like now.
is like an early final
Why do people mention me like I give a fuck about anything
Hold my heart it's beating for you anyways.
US GOT A GOAL IN SECONDS !!!
I was on board with the Hobby Lobby until I got to blood transfusion exemption. So religious exemptions are good only if they harm women?
My room is either crystal clean or it looks like the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. There's no in between.
A5: Know yourself. Allow yourself time and space to keep yourself mentally healthy.
My pops a G, so what I look like bein w a square ?.
Messi vaknar upp
I don't understand why people use, \"go outside, you're on twitter all day\" as an insult...
I could care less if people do drugs just as long as they don't ruin their life or be obnoxious about it.
I gave about a 30 minute consult to a lady on the beach about her plastic surgery today. She NEEDED some guidance people.
I am shaking so much.
Chick from Toronto said:Mayor Rob Ford staged the whole addiction drama,dude is not addicted to anything,it was all to make him more popular
Don't lie to people that trust you, and don't trust people that lie to you.
Of course altidore would mess up.
Anyone want to grab something to eat after this game??
Never again will I do lawn seats smh people bring young kids feed them crap and let them run wild
I had something shipped to store at Wal-Mart, I swear I have never seen so many overweight people on jazzies in my life
2 Corinthians 1:2 Grace and peace to you from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
i feel extra dumb for that lol
\"the way you get so mad when you talk about those bitches, then get so happy when you talk about Matt. I like seeing that\"
Everyone's so worried about who they're going to entertain for a night when they should be trying to find someone to love in the morning
Just caught a cab by myself during rush hour, it is evident that I belong here
There's people barely getting their drivers license and are my age? Damn.
My nigga don't want me to make it to the next grade !
I'll call you out real quick. Bitch don't test me
Tengo la pc rota y no se que concha voy a hacer en todas las putas vacaciones, me cago en todos.
Seriously though someone come shopping with me
I was about to call my mom 'bruh'
Correction. That was his second.
\": An brain can become very overactive, especially at night\":-\/
I don't get out of bed until KevBot makes coffee. I'm not an outlaw, I live my life by a set of rules.
I'm so excited!!! I just can't hiiide it'!!!
Because this needed to be fucking tweeted: that little chuckle I do when is on my screen :) &lt;3
0-2 pitch! Come on Giants!!
3% is swinging from the 98%
Army and BRT are both public institutions. Criminal charges must be brought against the perpetrators ASAP. CC
Just found out 1 of my followers has a nipple ring! lol
Whoever Is across from me during the the walk, your ass better not walk fast
So I'll be in Canada for Canada Day, not July 4th... How many national holiday's in one week do you think my liver could stand???
Classifying crime statistics in Chicago seems very fishy. Cooking the books to make the crime numbers look better.
Best part about soccer flops is once they hit the ground like a sack of potatoes they look for the ref to see if he's watching
By now I realize that insomnia does not fit into my calculations , I just have dreams in which I believe to fulfill
woo hoo 5 followers away from 1000!
I thought you were the one so it was worth it
He bent that like Beckham
Lmao I forgot until now from reading my tweets that I was hitting on the waiter and security guard at the wedding. So. Single.
\": If you go empty handed to a party, that includes bitches as well you're a fag\"
So ugly but we finished!
I watches today. The show is all over the place. It should've ended a couple of seasons ago.
The saurus is about to drink the prey's blood
104.7 and my head feels like it's going to bust
I wish a fairy would come and clean my juicer after I used it
U-S-A U-S-A U-S-A!!!
Bruh I need a social life....
Pac was lowkey wack as a rapper lol if that man didn't have the image he portrayed, he wouldn't be so important
If I didn't have such crappy internet in my hotel I would totally be watching Stream . . .
MJ died and I played his albums for like three weeks... was pissed lmao
Entertain me on this 4-5 hour ride
What I snipe!!!!
If i wake up tmrw morning wt a black eye ill flip
We ain't spoke for so long.
I just have to keep telling myself... \n4 day work week. 3 day weekend!!!! 4 day work week 3 day weekend!! \nI'm gonna make it...
Got threw last week let's get threw this one specially since the last one blew
my mom put two twin beds together and some contraption to connect them and we got three girls in this bed with kickin' room this is the life
Don't wanna talk to nobody don't hit my phone
I just saw that goal live. Yep
Seriously everyones doing that dm emoji thing at the same time
Would you do a sign and trade with Houston sending Melo to the Rockets and Harden to NY?
Keating is just mad he can't scrim walk
I will never stop losing my breath everytime I see you looking back at me.
My ladies if u wit me grab ya titties
Promised ma momma that I would finish college.
Why is Lebron not in the game?
##I got that fire
little known fact: on July 4th the illuminati get together in an underground RV &amp; watch reptilian agenda themed stag films
Odio que se metan con Daniela, LO ODIOOOO!.
I can have a Cold personality, when I feel like it
Excited for this chemistry exam ...
Seeing how excited gabino is about his daughter makes me feel so lucky
Spurs are definitely getting sweet revenge for what happened last year . let them have their moment .
Don't know what song to play, what song to sing along with, or what song to even dance to!!! The struggleeeeeee
Her favorite song use to be pretty wings by maxwell and I would sing it every night
The \"Two dribbles to score\" drill always shows who has the proper footwork...and Mustapha Heron cannot be defended right now!!
Confession: I watch those surprise military dad visits on youtube late at night
Aftermoon Dave ~ TY DD ~
I wish it only took me 31 seconds to score ;-)
Jermaine Jones deserves a night at the White House
We are playing soccer right now and my brother missed a goal and CYO goes \"alright Greek\" L M F A O
Fans of : it's really time to stop with the \"Torture\" thing. What the hell.
Favorites for Rookie of the year??
No sweat, we'll just bring in Donovan....
Good thing the subie is totaled or my dad would kill me for breaking shit in it
Does getting high make ANYONE else have to pee a lot
Fuck all you fuckers that doubted us fuck you all!!!!!
I wanna meet the teenage version of my parents cause I'm pretty sure they were worse than I am.
Wow I wish I didn't misplace my sleeping pills
and then hank beat jesse to a pulp.
El mejooooooooooooor futbolistaaaaaaa de la tierraaaaaaaaaa concha de su madreeeeeee goooooooooooool meeeeeeeesssi gooooooo D10S!!!!!!!!!
Smh Giselle really blocked me
Imma get my hair done next week and get my gloves .... Yall sleep
I'm choken an what I'm smokin potent
Whoever takes this \"holiday\" seriously needs to get their life
Harry my darling you need to cut your hair
Who ever has my phone is tight, at&amp;t blocked that shit.
I ran out of pre workout. I'm going crazy I'm going crazy...
I love brothers since day 1
It ain't special if everybody had it
AP English Language summer hw?
Francia vs Nigeria a las 12 pm .Que partidazoo
On my way Cannes!
The animal the animal... Trap trap trap till the cafe is full...
Up at 2am, smelling the rain and drinking a cup of coffee Adam just made me
Nik Stauskas is going to be a steal tomorrow
Not comfortable with the current pace\/possession.
Only thing I like about her make up is how the dark mascara brings out her beautifullllll eyes !!
Joe Biden isn't the President the last time I checked....
Possession game on point for the Americans
So good seeing tonight :)
DISGUSTING RT : And the MaKira shipping begins.
Can't go wrong with the red, white, and blue
