marry that girl and we'll be a family
CAMERON DALLAS please call me
MY NIGGA MY MOM JUST TOLD ME I HAVE LIFE INSURANCE.
Hell nahh i aint gone buy no nigga CD and support him and all he talking about is the expensive stuff he got and how much money he blowing
Really wanting to go sky diving for my 18th birthday!
Wow you really can't trust anyone . Not even the person you've been with for the longest. They'll switch up some how
LETS GO TO A BAR TONIGHT !!! , 1 more goal USA'!
The last time I went there I got the biggest migraine and shit sooo wish me luck
Lmao game just started
\"The absolute PERFECT start to the 2014 World Cup\"
hit me right in the butt \n\nhuh
Not crazy about the Uniforms. \n\n
Is he cute? \"No he looks like a dinosaur\"
Pain don't last forever. I'm telling you cause I been there.
I can make it right if I just forget my pride
Why am I still not asleep! I took freaking hydrocodone!!!
Oh no-Altidore down...this isn't good
Let's reminisce on the good time and the bad
I'm with all the boys and we all just freaked out, we're so pumped! LETS GOOOO!
KSJC 261100Z AUTO 30008KT 10SM SCT012 OVC020 16\/14 A2997 RMK AO2
Summer schedule is filling up but I have time for a remix or two. Discounted rates. Message me.
Not worth your time I guess.
A tie in a sport is like a movie that ends with \"to be continued\" and then they never make the sequel.
9th straight day at work and I'm running off fumes sen
Do you like to shit on people or be shit on?
Up early, ready to fuck shit up today.
SOHO! 645am and 715pm today! You ready for this?
Seriously you can leave. My vacation didn't seem this bad in till you came here
Finna bouta get cho ass beat
That thing where you stare at something too long then your contacts fall out of your eyes. I hate that thing
Ghana needs to fuckin chill. and pay our hospital bills.
GUYS. Cadet Kelly is on Netflix.
Really not surprised it ended this way
Cameroon there was a reason why you weren't getting paid.....
Outstanding red team, outstanding
Gosh let cook real quick...
The spurs are the white boy 3-pt shooting team of the NBA
Heat are gonna lay down N get rolled the Fuck over !!!!!
I'm so happy with almost everything in my life rn, I love this.
Idk I be trying be absolute BEST to maintain respect but some of these clowns need a good roasting.
in is one of the best productions of that play I've ever seen.
Reese's puffs and quesadillas: the go-to midnight snack combo
Uggghh I don't wanna get up
This niggga Vince on that ghandi shit
WEDNESDAY CAN NOT COME SOON ENOUGH I NEED TRANSFORMERS NOW. FUCK.
There's a bird outside making the same sound as crack kid omg
don't \"meh\" me or \"nom nom nom\" me
Your crazy and I'm out of my mind
the only fault in this episode was not showing face at least 30 times
Thank you, Panda and Strapping Hunk. But that was a close call.
Matt young getting a ton of cube meme material.
Great effort by the motherland, drinking ouzo tonight for certain
Someone jacked my Pride flag from my backpack (sticking out the zipper). I found it on the ground so I'm not out any $, but still annoying.
I want to thank 4 organizing a walk 4 some persons w\/disabilities about 3 wks ago. It was awesome
On a side note... There is a direct correlation between that goal and my empty glass
If u ever got hurt and couldn't play a sport you loved, all things fall apart with is the truth, shit had me thinking bout life
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE GET IN MY FACE LIKE SERIOUSLY AND THEN THEY TRY TO THREATEN ME BRUH.NOBODY HATES ME SO IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM IT'S
I keep thinking about stopping for food but then I remember I can't eat till 8:30 -_-
I am not above walking 10 miles to get somewhere I want to go.
OMG lol at my cousins ice challenge from Sac..crazy
Heading to tonight at ? Stop in today for your tailgating needs!
Okay. Whatever. I'm unfollowing people from school.
Asian women have some of the best swag!
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. Easy peasy :)
4th of July was ruined on Tuesday
Oh so there are THAT many stars. I remember now
I'm so exciting to see fireworks tonight on live television is NBC, but its at east river, and not going to coney island.
I said what needed to be said...
Looks like those more cards on court cases actually works
The got one back in the top of the third but score twice in the bottom to take a 3-1lead
This dumb bitch is like, \"my son comes here and gets sausage, chocolate sausage\" dumbass was tryna say kufta kabob Lmfaooo!
It ain't pretty, when a heart breaks
I hope they go back to Lake Laogai
Lmao I get a thing for white boys and Arabic deadass tho !! But you have to a cute was Arabic
It's ok baby, bc I stay a step ahead.
Just play with my hair. And scratch my back And buy me cute things And love me And tell me I'm pretty
no one misses anyone there's no reason to not see people
Does anyone know what time we have to be at the Stanley at?
Nice job !!!
Sometimes I continue typing shit even if I know it's spelled wrong cause I know my poppin ass iPhone gonna correct that shit.
In hockey shootouts the goalie at least has a chance to redeem himself if he guesses wrong
I'm pretty good with tools! \n\nI just kinked my FlexHose!
Next book club book: Herman Melville's Moby Dick to be discussed late-July. Let me know if you'd like to join!
This song just saids it all how I feel
Roommate just bailed on me. If anyone knows someone looking for an apartment in Carlisle, PA let a girl know
LMAO the heat better put in rick Ross &amp; dj khaled!
My aunt asked me at the last family gathering if I smoked.
i just really love 5sos im sorry
I'm hella mad my service is actually better
5-0 checkpoint. Too hot to leave
No one is here to ruin this for me.
cries racial saidpp
When people ask me if I'm gonna miss my family when I go to New Mexico&lt;&lt;
LIVE FROM THE COLISEUM! We're ready to go for coverage of the 2014 NHL Draft! TUNE IN!
Saw one of my old crushes yesterday and thank god I got over him
Fuccin goal !!!! Portugal can hold fees USA NUTS HOE !
aj sends me a picture of him and Vern and there's literally 4 computers in the back of them just chillin
I can't wait until he gets back!!
Who's gonna have your back when its all done
It's already 4 and I'm still in pajamas... That's so ate up!!!!!
Kionas phone got my tv fuc
I'm supposed to be cleaning my room &amp; bathroom but instead I'm laid up in my bed watching a movie
It's pretty cute seeing my parents FaceTime when they're apart
Straight up I get stupid honest when I'm drink
paperman. one of my favorite disney short films. &lt;3
beers on the deck with pops, good way to end a great weekend
I can speak for the rest but I know my life has been a mess &amp; now Im blamin It all on myself
My day was great...love my likkle life
I wasn't speaking fuckin French wth
Fuckk , thats some deep shit.
why can't you just magically slide in my DMs?
mom brought back tea from Colorado and there's little itsy bitsy mushrooms in it? help?
You said nothing felt as good as when you gazed into my eyes. Now you don't care I'm alive. How did we let the fire die?
if you don't like my mom bossing you around, get a fucking job and buy yourself a house far far away from ours
USA!!!! WITH THE EQUALIZER
Imagine if Indiana still had Kawhi
NO YOU'RE NOT ALL ALIVE FUCK THIS SHOW
I just want some beers and my main bitch
Nigga almost ended my non-professional career on a 50\/50 tonight.
Is it just me or is kinda boring now?
B-b-Baka... It's not like I was thinking about you or anything..!!!
\"What a cracker!\"
I've realized that I make myself more happy than anyone else can and that's pretty damn cool
No dude will amount to him
So many good conversations and acts of encouragement today!
Hyped for this France game!
My Aussie won't fucking text me back. Don't be a Dick bro.
Janoskians and the boys yes please
No lie I'm suppose to be sleep ... I'm up watching music tutorials
Matt blantely ran the red light but realized it while he was already past it and stopped in the middle of intersection
Si mi novia me dice que NO es NO
Es verdad yo me di cuenta de lo del permiso para el desfile
Is yo girl a terrorist? Cuz she blowin up my DMs
Lo que quieras, lo que pidas yo lo tengo. Si no existe lo que quieras, te lo invento
If my cousin said freakin one more time I'm gonna fucking strangle him
I need my carrrrr keeys .
Just be gay? You don't need to celebrate it
Where is everyone at right now
2 hour delay for a 1 hour flight, come on
Woukd have went but I already took my pre workout hahahah
Road trips with Merola are so entertaining lol
School is a coming and I can't say that I'm not looking forward to it.
Now I know how effective a kick to the face is
I am on top 3 of around 12 different people, I feel special
Lebron to chi-town
I would love to be drunk by a pool at this moment
i ate so much i can't move now!
I'm really feeling BWW... Too bad..
Bitch just called me n asked for a free weave ........ Ummmmmm No foh
Im gettin pissed off more n more by everyone!
Really considering hitting up the Made In America festival this time around
Just ate myself into a coma
I've never got up north from lakeside so quick lmaoo
-chas voice- stoopppp
First Iftar this Ramadan! Eat up
Just ate a whole box of cheese at dads forgetting I had chicken, baked beans and deviled eggs waiting for me at moms.. Oops.
I want it all to happen
we are not true friends if we never made a food run together late at night as a spur of the moment thing
If you were really an anarchist you'd follow the teachings of ayn rand
4 days and a wake up :)
Today's gonna be a good day :-)
\"Siento que la vida me muestra contigo su lado azul\"
Throwing breakable shit just sounds so appealing to me.
There's one thing that'll make this summer more awesome. That's you.
A dangerous piece of clothing called crop top
So far I have eaten a pastry for breakfast 4\/4 days I've been in New York. That's what you call a winning record.
The mute button is for people you mess with in person .. But have annoying tweets
Being lonely is one thing, being alone is another.
Ghana definitely dominating now.
Wow amazing defense keep it up!!
I will kill a kid. This kid is taking selfies with his Kings hat in the Garden.
I can fucking walk bro shit.... bakakakaka
Where's carman ?!? CARMAN WAKE UP I KNOW YOU GET MY TWEETS SENT TO YOUR PHONE
this nigga annoying
raven... seek up... ahhh and they come back and slap ya in the face with awesome :)
knowing the type of woman I am , \nI should just get everything I want .\nI shouldn't have to ask for it\nbecause it's obvious I deserve it .
Driving through Chinatown and the seniors are in full effect. Badminton rallies, chess, tai chi. Its beautiful.
Im doing this for my best friend love you vanessa 20
Can't believe I got so burnt today this has never happened in my life
once i shut down emotionally, it's hard for me to comeback.
He starting early to bring something home tonight lol I don't blame him
And then we decided that if Smokey the bear was in our game, he would be a cr8 dire bear.
Drunk texting with other drunk people is like watching two toddlers trying to high-five.
Uhhh, it's getting hot in new york.
Sometimes I just really have to ask myself what the fuck is wrong with me
I'm just glad heats didn't win \n
these 2 blonde bitches are so annoying
I'm not real, I think I never was.
I wish I could live on the beach
Flyness don't come where you have to00 figure out what to wear juu heardd
someone please come help me baby sit
Tom Hanks didn't eat all those chocolates on the moon so we could lose to Germany.
Twitter is about to erupt
night hike round two just isn't the same but the stars are magnificent
Snowpiercer is phenomenal. Bong Joon Ho reimagines every genre in which he works.
Light anotha for those who hold it down for me
Irish be getting it done in America
When is it gone be hot shit
i'm sure i'll do fine but also i feel sick
These nigga broke these niggas lazy
Is this kick boxing or nah
Gotta be Wondo, right?
You sound dumb af for saying you not gonna give her my last name stupid
I hate to say this, because I've LOVED the first three Transformers movies....but this one, was GOD AWFUL. Three hours of my life, wasted.
this cut on my lip makes me look like I used to have a cleft palette or some shit
Whoever loves discipline loves to learn' whoever hates to be corrected is stupid
a mutual i love(d) unfollowed me thanks
Please support like
I'm done with dm's I got like 20 more
Ive been sending texts to the wrong people all day
It's gotta be Wondolowski
Why is lebron playing soccer
Shout out to my fellow classmates
Happy birthday to aka J.R. the Writer! I hope you haven't gotten too left coast on us homie!
Artichokes = best excuse to eat melted butter for dinner
I finally get to set up a job interview!!!
Welp that's really bad news.....
This guy is gonna miss look
\"you know what this is wifey material\"
Alright how many times do I have to open the fridge before something good appears
I wish I had friends
Tbh, my dad is getting on my last nerve.
that I don't get hangovers
Being at the game for Timmy's no hitter has to be one of the highlights of my life so far
I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow
this rain reminds me of edc...
Why the FUCK did skip NYC on his tour?????????
I MISS HOCKEY SO MUCH OH MY GOD
If I date a girl I need at least 2 days during the week to myself were we don't hang out
And I'm too fly for this shit
Yall hoes mad yall cant afford them real uggs, yall got them airwalks
Let's do something for 4th of July
Should be playing street hockey and listening to survival with the boys before a should be Game 6!!!
You find out who really fucks with you when summer time comes..
I'm a big transformers fan tbh
Secretly, I pretend to be Keri Hilson in the song.
nice fanny pack where can I get one?
He is just jamming to his own beat and everyone else is just chillingly swayin
when someone says, \"let's be friends\", it's a nice way of saying, I'm phasing your ass out my life so prepare yourself.
All these honeys in their \"summer scarves\" prolly smellin' like tuna cans full of bum piss.
Only Jim can come up with these workouts
Just walked straight into a branch because I was texting -_-
gonna destroy capitalism by making my own shampoo and face wash this summer
Have you been to yet? It's the hottest new spot to be!!
A girl and her grill
LIKE THANK YOU FOR CALLIJG ME FAT I REALLY FUVKING LIKE HEARING THAT.
\": Everything happens for a reason\"
Sharing our 2015 Ford F-150 tonight at the meeting in S. San Francisco. Beautiful weather!
Dgaf bout ya background, you make it personal and we'll have a problem that you'll regret, I promise.
You gotta find what you love and let it kill you
Do you believe that Eve had Adam in check?
Older men. DASSIT.
It is typical that I need a phone cord when i have every other God damn cord in the house
Thanks for nothing.
Je galere today je vais dodo tot in sha Allah
Just so I don't have to sleep alone lol
Another great day here at rocky neck state park
Why does this have to happen to me
My sister makes me laugh way too hard for my own good .-.
If did his promos in black &amp; white they would look so cool... Just saying
Jay Ellis is my baby father
As soon as I took off I take my Harvey jersey to show my Daniel Murphy shirt underneath, murph hits into a double play. Sick
I want to feel better but you won't let me
Alright one hour rolling around in bed is over. I'm up. .....
not sure why but I hate starting a message with a capital letter
Fun fact. Jesus is my grandma.
WHAT A FUCKIN SHOT!!! USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
Congrats to the class of 2014!! Word of advice: Enjoy every bit of summer, college will come and believe me it will FLY
I'm an emotional wreck already and I don't leave for two days .
Yo, fuck me, man.\nOnly guy in the world who can make a girl swoon one minute and lose interest the next.\nSo out of practice.
Never needed loud so bad
I like babysitting just not my own cousins. I see them 24\/7
*stares into her eyes**drops pants* \"I saw this in a pornography\" - Allen Hangover part 3
I don't like getting ready this early. Because I'm too lazy D;
But really though I'm going to Cobleskill and I'm still spending an arm and a leg
Gonna back all of Black Hippys work this year, even Jay Rocks album. Dl'ing AbSouls new shit right now
Why do I even care? It's not like you do.
Yooo my scalp is so sun burnt
Finishing a great night off with some writing.
I was riding my bike with a friend but we had to come home lol cuz it started to rain &amp; i don't play bout my hair lol &amp; took a shower
ronaldo 88' pen that knocks tim howard's beard off
I finally got you out of my head, and suddenly your essence began to orbit my skull all over again with even greater intensity.
Im at work. Not doin work.
But u won it babe cause your pharell and you do no wrong .
Damn let's go
Sub beastly out please!
please 2 more dAYS 2 MORE DAYS
also hadda figure out what month it would be 142 months from now lol
k now I'm at the house in Bburg, but it's somewhat less ridiculous than that New Yorker piece may have led you to believe.
Beautiful day for lunch outside
But until then, baby i got you.
My prayers were answered and the N train went express instaead of local. That's why I always say Im living on a prayer.
Feels so great to have a clean room
NECK DEEP CHANGED THEIR SIGNING TO 30 MINUTES LATER IM ??? I WANNA SEE VOLUMES BUT IDK
\": Happy G Day brogod\" goodlookin god make sure you come out of hiding today &amp; fuck w niggas
niggas be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you
His hands around your neck after &gt; RT : Writing on a niggas car &gt;
well guy code has me cracking up after a pretty lackluster catfish
Why doesn't luke Hemmings like me
idk bout you, but i know my summer gonna be dead.
I'm probs the only teenager that doesn't have to ask for money to go out but I stay home cause I can't drive
I have the biggest craving for the pb&amp;j and chocolate milk they served back in elementary school
Shows how using championship on a player's individual greatness is irrelevant since it's a team effort.
I'm bored what's up twitter world?
I wish somebody made guidelines on how to get up off the sidelines
.fans have been awfully quiet of late. Cc
Yesss. El messiah
Why does havasu have to be so far?
dentro de un rato se me van a caer las lagrimas de la bronca
I think I want some warm milk mmmm yeah
I'm probably going to watch the awards, crack jokes about them, and make comments. But at the end of the day I still hate BET.
penalty kicks are too intense even if the game sucks
korang ny..bile nak settle problem ah???
I smell like I've been in Mexico for 5 days.
Nothin' impossible, all u lames showed me what not to do.
I'm so fuckin high right now I just bought a lava lamp online... That's all I have to tell you
Opening to just got me JACKED UP!
I need food in my system
In the big city Bitches
Got too much pride for my own good right now.
Had to come.e inside..outside chilly af
Got too much pride for my own good right now!
Andy's parents gave him a $70 gift card for a car wash place.
Hicksville is the most boring town to live in
Congrats to all my Costa Rican friends that are too drunk to read right now!\n
This first intersection when you turn onto MONTROSE off of kenwood. Magic intersection.
My room is like a constant night club in the middle of nowhere that's really messy with a lot of cats
When mikes alarm clock goes off at 630 am I'm gonna be pissed
Stephanie just called herself a southern girl...yaokay
S\/o Ryan Kesler, further vindication on my theory how hockey players truly are. Big baby.
Didn't realize it was 6:15 when my boyfriend called me this morning. Honestly thought it was like 8. Thanks
- Are you Italian?\n- Yes, of course!\n- Ooooohhh, BALOTELLI!\n- ...\n\nE tutti dicono la stessa cosa!
My phones already on 48 .. Fml
When I grow up I want to be a Toys R Us kid.
But Rita's tho I still want it !
Portugal's Red Sox player leaves the field...
I want Tatiana to rub all her goods on me
It's so much I want to do with so little money lol
If someone comes over and massages aloe on my entire back of my body yu can have the rest of my Ralph's (it's delish)
So ready to see these basketball tweets come to an end tonight.
Any blondes wanna kiss? Id even accept dirty blonde
Not wearing a bra in public is actually very liberating
Just saw \"The Fault in Our Stars.\" That was a 3-hanky movie....
I've always loved the yankees and my life
Damn my boy leaving of to Maryland today man. Go out there and prove your worth early, grind and all that. If not, Barry gon be
where is the loyalty tuh
My little cousins are so snobby lmfao
al fiinn la concha de la loraaa ahora tiene mas colorr dalee viejaa l!!\"
Playing hide and seek in an empty house&gt;
Lee brice - i dont dance &gt;&gt;
Bri and I just got that Fourth of July arm pump along with every other person in bayville
Medyo hindi na ganun ka blonde yung buhok ko, tsk wrong move. Dapat hindi nako nag kulay! Tsk
OMG World Cup live is following me
\": If stress was a drug, I would be high as fuck.\"
Damn, what a loss for them by 1, they gave their best though
Just a shout out to treat all retail persons with kindness today and not remind them of how they are missing out on fam\/ friend time.
MOVE BITCH GET OUT DA WAY
leave it to Sprint to give me no service inside of my own house but full bars in the MIDDLE OF THE OCEAN
Psychic spies from china try to steal your minds elation
Creeping on someones instagram and liking their photo from 56 weeks ago lmao...
Guys Like That Is The Reason Us Girls Refuse To Try Again.
Swear no ay persona mas coda que mi hermana
Having photographic memory is a gift &amp; a curse.you remember every little things that was nice and never forget every pain it caused as well.
Girls have too many \"best friends\" that wouldn't even make their MySpace Top 40...
USA USA !!
MY PUSSSSUYY YSAAAAA
I don't really give a fuck &amp; my excuse is that I'm young.
I will always have a soft spot for people with a sense of humor
\"Put on some lipstick and pull yourself together\" more like put on a strap on and fuck your problems
Damn for a second when the announcer said \"for the Africans\" I was like dude lost his mind, then I realized that theyre actually FROM AFRICA
Sweet blonde Mohawk highlights Ghana
I'm on my way to my drug test and I've chugged two bottles of water and still don't have to pee. fml.
at least I was oversea 3 weeks this month, my phone bill won't shock the living daylights out of my m9m....
They're shooting off cannons in Battery Park.
Not worth staying here for summer wtb in canada is where its at!
Why is Sweet Frog open on Sundays if it's religiously affiliated?
Wegmans will be closed from 330-12. Jk I'm working then. But seriously don't you have better things to do than go to Wegmans on the 4th?
Gab and sky r my best friends fuq everyone else
We're all just ticking time bombs
Cmon USA beat Portugal!!
Why cant US have the later game so i can sleep in lmaoo
All i wanted was holiday gainz
This girl is getting a tattoo with this guy who she just met. My god.
My phone is band themed right now with one direction and 5 seconds of summer
eeeeeeverything is pissing me off rn
Did Israel try to make a new language without using dots. a and b
Old timers day follow by USA vs Portugal.
Ya never realize how addicted you are til ya say you're gonna stop then can't
I don't actually have swag, today was just leg day.
The one bad part about living in Jersey is that there's not a lot of people who religiously follow hockey. That sucks
I told myself I would never run and do insanity on the same day again... And that's happening. I may be on bed rest tomorrow
Cuando peru vaya al mundial, me vale pito, a congelarnos el culo a rusia he dicho crj mierda
Jon Andrysiak fucked Mike Manuella pass it on
Hot pockets &gt;
Watching Zapped. And is super pretty.
You can always count on Victoria to fuck good things up
If this is to end in fire, then we should all burn together
can someone bring me ice cream to my house please
Time To Turn On My Twitter And Translator For Tonight ...
Idk it's just wooden and sitting on my table he used a drill and everything
Still wanting to watch The Fault In Our Stars.
i luv driving
Wait since when did sex become about their needs.
gravei a muisca ''porque ainda te amo'' e eu cantei po edu aahahah
After trying to get at an 18 yro &amp; it not working. I figured I should talk to someone my own age. Update: I still fucking hate 14 yro boys.
A subtle power, a tough love
like where did our creator come from? \nnothing is still something in a sense so...how? l
I want a denim pencil skirt.
I want your body \nEverybody wants your body \nSo let's jack\nCome on let's jack
lookin for some hot liberal men in the house
I've been going back and forth between twitter and snapchat all night
Pretty excited to finally go to the beach tomorrow
Direct TVs commercial with the lady marionette is really creepy and weird.
I just want to cry for that poor Greek man
They hate you, then they love you, then they hate you again
Of all the unpredictable offseason possibilities, LBJ would have to go to the NFL to top Kidd being traded to Milwaukee for two 2nd rounders
We love, I live and never learn. I crash, I burn, you leave, I hurt. Like clockwork
The fact that my mom is practically forcing me to apply to Ohlone for the fall and return to CSUN in the spring semester is fucking stupid
\": all y'all that claim to be my friends have sure been throwin' some shade since summer started.\"
You look for problems. Like searching for tits on an ant.
Altidore is the epitome of floating oceanic waste
It would appear that Game of Thrones finale is on in 90 minutes.
RVD is trying to fight him back
LOL WOW MOM
Halftime score: BSC 43, Team 37
You are the smell before rain , you are the blood in my veins.
The only thing that I can think of why Vidal Nuno is still pitching for the is that he's pitching for free
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight? - Dan Curtis
I will not apologize for wanting to marry cute guys! Just everything else.
Tim, I love you
1 step forward... 100 step back...
Is the crowd booing? That's pathetic
Favorite battle you've been in?
So annoyed I could punch a fucking hole in my wall
Wondering if I can get all the way through the YO fad without figuring out exactly what YO is.
Nisi riba ako na bar jednoj slici na fb-u nemas opis \"Say something about this photo\"
I feel like in hell you're forced to brush your teeth with warm water and wear socks to bed
Oh my Ginobli
Summer 09 was 5 years ago......
Listening to make you wanna pull up on someone
if Avon found me reactive I shoot myself in the face
I blew $100 on random shit today..oops
do you ever just listen to matty sing live and feel like crying cause its so beautiful and want to see him live?
I wish I was a rapper so my first album could be called Fruit of Zaloom
Silicon Valley has got a terrible habit of only producing for the top 1%.
Wish you'd understood how much I genuinely care and give a shit about all this
Nobody drinks the tea in this house... Aren't we supposed to be English?
So proud of my BFF for being fabulous with her NYC big girl job! You do amazing things &amp; I can't wait to cheer ya on! Love you!
The map my run app won't let me map my run from the bed to the couch.
Ready to be outta here for a few weeks
That feeling when you take off your bra, and pick up your pencil &amp; pad &gt;
MESSI JUST FUCKING YAS
Any predictions for USA-Germany? If the US can pull off an upset, it would be 2-1.
I been busy all day. Ima hit the gym
I can go out every night of the week and go home with anybody I meet but it's just a temporary highhhh
Paco is talking shit about shabazz and it's making me cry
Does anyone know what I could do in order to get sleep
Wair what another goallllllllll usa
You want it , I got it
I wish I had wood flooring ):
Go Team USA!!!
This people better know what they are doing
I deadass told someone to lemme borrow their cellulite pockets in their legs for my keys and wallet bc my shorts didn't have pockets
yoooo0o0o0 thank god mark forgot about wcw hahaha its thursdayyyy turnn upp
COMMERCIAL FREE Monday mini Mix with and is on an Station!! :-)
What?! Put Waldo in!!
Little bombay in my minute maid coolata to start the day off right
Ouuu We Litt!!
Definitivamente la frase no se puede hacer feliz a todo el mundo es tan cierta!.
I do play dumb tho it reveals people trust me
Girls cheat just as much as guys but girls are better at getting away with it
If we have another pig roast we wont get a DJ again but there will still be lots of people, food, and dynamite to blow stuff up with so
When Kelsey and I hangout we just sit on opposite sides on the coach and watch our own Netflix shows with headphones in
How can I love when I'm afraid to fall
I don't understand how someone could edit their pics that much
Absolutely heartbroken over . So raw and true. EVERYONE READ IT.
Ooooooooooo fack yahhhhhh bawdddd
So who's making the pic stitch for America?
Being so intensely interested in someone but you don't want to be the only idiot and get turned down
It's hard to know who's on your side, most of the time.
Oh man!! Manu!!!
\": la gets: \n\n- janoskians \n- every celebrity \n- m&amp;gs all the time \n- digitour \n- vidcon\n- EVERYTHING \n\nWHYYYY\"
All of my friends can tell right away when I'm in a salty mood
Anal is life
AMERICA....FUCK YEAH.....GO TEAM USA!!!! USA...USA....USA.....
I'm being serious
LOLOLOLOLOL \"she looks like she got hit by a very large trolley\" -
Bringing beach balls mean nothing if they don't make it to the floor, bunch of amateurs
In terrified of lightning, I don't know what's wrong w all y'all.
When a random guy pops through the wall at graduation and asks you to fix the Class of 2014 sign
Tell your new friends that they don't know you like I do
And all of America just screamed at the same time
\": This time, last year, everything was so different.\"
I don't take shit personal from somebody who doesn't know me PERSONALLY !
is this house of cards or veep?
\"BENSONS BALLERS ARE GONNA WIN THIS\"
Based on the sound of Civic Center Plaza behind me, GOOOOOOAL !?
USA fans could start a USA chant anywhere at anytime, and that's why I'm proud to be an American
If I get sick during Jeff Koons week I'll kill myself
Oh shit Lani is going ham
Yawn three times and my eyes turn into waterfalls.
Hands down the most chaotic boarding process of my life. Ready to be back in Florida
At the Yankee game with my father, and just sang the best damn National Anthem I've ever heard. Such great luck!
Don't know why people be scared to go to philly
I'm In Hopewell for , along with a whole bunch of other people. The line for the is crazy.
I'm always a lot quieter when I watch TV alone
I'm not a hipster update is leaving me dressed as a hipster
\"No man is entitled to the blessings of freedom unless he be vigilant in its preservation.\" -Douglas Macarthur
Because there aren't people like that anymore..
Told this Asian lady who was going through our trash that I called the cops on her. She dipped so fast.
I like those button up shirts with hella stuff on em but everyone's a hater but idc
Sext: pow pow is a little fire cracker
ok, Costa Rica: claim the victory.
I was suppose to be off at 5.. I am just now taking my half.. Wtf
Don't slip, don't slip cause a nigga might push up on it don't really wanna lose this moment
So I changed most people minds at work to make it gym Wednesday instead of wing Wednesday!
And this is why you should have brought Donavan.
I AM GETTING ARRESTED TONIGHT THIS IS HAPPENING USA USA USA USA USA
Clint Dempsey !!!! !!!!
Hehe. RT : Man United signed Nani to a 5-year extension. Good luck with that.
In order to be called a drug the substance is tampered with chemically, therefore marijuana is not a drug
I'm gunna shove that mic up her ass
Hey are you bacon bc i wanna see you strip
Wasnt a good idea to go to the bank in this rain
Can't wait to see where jahii carson goes in the draft
I'm not okay\n-\nClassic but always so perfect.
Awkward moment when my dad calls and is like I'm outside Billie's house I saw ur car wanna go to Ralph's lmao. Only my dad
Dont make me waiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit dont make me sayyyyy it out loud
this nigga robin thicke just showing they text messages.
I wish I had all the munchies in the world in my house, but my parents never buy stuff like that
If you've listened to my previous style of music you'll know it's different.
took me 20 years but as of this moment I've accepted that I'm the black sheep of my family, I am the odd one out it's WHATEVER
statistics show that I am not cut out for the world of statistics and all that comes with it
te doy un consejo , nunca digas nunca :) nunca lo digas
It's sad when a complete stranger asks me what's wrong &amp; none of my friends nor family members do\n\nNow you see why I stay alone
Literally go watch my GIRLS FROM HIGHSCHOOL VINES RN GO
Anyone at the taproom?
Omg I want a chimi so bad! With the chinola juice of course
You happy , you got ur attention lol
do i regret what i did prolly
Fuck Tim Duncan
Damm my neighbors mom is hella loud she mad ...
Angie Martinez interview on the breakfast club this morning. I'll be tuned in.
When you eat like crazy at iftaar.
Aww i love my brother's friends they are all so nice :)
Going to Ny in 3 hours and I just can't go back to sleep. Sleeping early doesn't always work, when your sleep schedule is erratic..
What. A. Shot.
I complain that nobody texts me but then I'm horrible at replying lol
All my niggas ball . All my niggas stunt
Costa Rica looked like one of the best teams in the tournament today.
I feel like tweeting but don't know what to tweet.. So ya
When they say \"i was on vacation\" that really means \"i was locked up\"
Im Going To Light This World Up As My Stage
\": Flopped to oblivion tho\" Lol still a push
Sea of red white and blue in Brazil.
I take way too many selfies
I love you too much to use your name and not mean it
GOD that Cameron Diaz and Jason Segal movie looks horrible.
Happy \"we're better than you and probably beat you in a war\" day
Cause I got a dope life and I do dope shit
and dragging tiff around is a pain in my ass
Barbora Zahlavova Strycova def. \nAlla Kudryavtseva 6-2, 6-2 in the 1st round of .
trying to smoke out this window is so impossible like y r there so many kids out
literally have the knees of a 60 year old man
So I'm Not From Houston But Is The Spot. You Ma Favorite Player And I Want You Ta Get A ring N Mayb More
what do i do with my hair
Getting up early to have some me time before all these kids wake up was much needed
JERMAINE MOTHERFUCKING JONES
I swear I find a new mosquito bite everyday
Just woke and thought it was tomorrow and it is still today. Heck yeah
I lost my voice as a result of last night
\"I always feel like some bodies twatching me..\"
Please let be in the 2nd MITB match... I don't care if he doesn't win I just want see him
After eating REAL Mexican food in San Diego I'm never going to be able to eat \"Mexican\" food in CT ever again.
Go break the tie
Can't wait to get to PA.
everyone on tumblr is either a sad teen, overly comedian, or hipster
Whoa, looked too easy!
COME ON USA. ONE MORE
This new soundclound update is maddd confusinn
I neeeeeeeeeed an shirt, idgaf if it's 1,000 dollas
it's 2069 and Game Of Thrones is still on
I can't even force myself to sleep
I wonder how many ppl go to EDC and come back with STD's ? Hmmm...
Why are the heat just giving up?
Might go o.t tmw
Totally playing on an all girl worship team this morning. In the words of , I can sense the girl power.
Jermaine Dupri must me sniffin' or TOO stressed with his financial problems , saying shit like Chris Brown will be bigger than Tupac!
TE AMO MAS.\n
I saw working today &amp; it melted my heart :-)
thats what makes messi great, he can change the game with a single play on his own, creates his own oppurtunity to score.
Presentation starting at l10n event highlighting hot new tools
Forever forgetting to send the last text which usually had the emoji
Love being woken up at 4 in the morning by a baby screaming her head off its my favorite
I can listen to Graceland on an endless loop forever
I told I should put \"basically an correspondent\" on my resume
We in dis bitch!!!
do i go to the river for the 4th or do i stay home....... dealing with a life changing decision idk what to do
Mamma better come through with a kitten or we will never speak again.
OMG some people need to be stopped
I'm tired. I apologize if I fall asleep texting my friends.
It would also be nice for these shit heads to contact me back
i love when hunters like me make all the impossible to help in his career
Well played. RT : \"When's the World Cup trade deadline again?\"
With you I had a bad romance
LMAOO Good times
He really up playin right now
Twitter is going become Tumblr watch
Just clicked on an Upworthy link. Bad Ernie, bad. You know better.
, you're all invited to Schadenfreude Fest! Bring lawn chairs, sunscreen &amp; a cooler of beers to Holland Tunnel entrance, 5PM Fridays
I swear I was a square.
This is the most conflicting game... who am I supposed to root for?!
Can't wait to be in beech creek next week'
Who dat who dat I G G Y
My wall is always gone be up. \nLet me just trust 1st\nIts 50\/50 I just want that \n100
What a fucking goal
I need less L O L and more L O V E
Lets see if this night is successful
The house erupted after that goal by the USA
At work today till 5 then gonna try and find a place doing fire works to get the FAM too anyone kno any places in LI??
Ok ok I'm ready for the kiss scene
its not good to go to sleep mad, but ive been doing it since career day. some people know whats up
Oh God, no.
Guys we better get the 120 star run. I wanna see that sheit.
helll fucking yeah
everything is slowly revealing itself and one day it's gonna all crash down right on top of you.
Sometimes I wish I could just tell someone everything like literally everything
I was in 4 debate's yesterday and tore EVERYBODY'S ass up. Niggas was asking me questions and i was just bodying question after question.
My parents just got back from Philly and they are shitfaced and now I know how awful it probably is to deal with drunk Sophie so I apologize
how to make every sentence creepier:\n-add :-) to it
my tweets range from sports to Knicks to some deep shit to a lot of deep shit
for no reason and no reason only, do you work at the petco on bouquet canyon road or some shit?
Time to do some classy shit and watch Polo
Trying to think of a new color is the hardest thing ever
Follow . She's almost to 100k . She's the best
Fuckkkkkk the heat! !! Lmao
Though i do understand the dynamics of te game and the importance of \"selling it\"
Ghana is playing no game right now...
We had the right love at the wrong time
Miso soup and bowls of beautiful greenery makes up for a long day of work any day
I wish &amp;&amp;' say happy birthday to me tomorrow , &amp;&amp;' follow me .
this is either or some sort of
I turn on soccer and see our guy in a stretcher for a hamstring injury? Is that standard for this sport?
Wouldn't trade WP for anything.
\"did you hear Jim is in love with Pam?\" \"ohhhhhh hahah... which one's Pam?\"
But it's only because I truly fucking care about you and don't want to lose you.
Jermaine Jones probably lifts
The cool breeze of Summer is perfect to dance Tango Al Fresco Tango dance videos available tangoperdura.com Twitter
They better not be interviewing white folks , its bet nigga blacc everywhere today
True put Wondo in
I don't watch Soccer but I will still support the USA that's a given in any sport. May not agree with this country's gov but it's still home
Someone pick me the fuck up
\": I wanna talk to someone new but I hate texting people first\"
I like us better when we're wasteddd
I'm so stoked for next year
Why do I bother getting my nails done when I know I'm African and I'm gonna have to do the dishes my sister neglected
Old ways won't open new doors
Nobody wana see us together but it dont matter
\/\/ JULY11TH \/\/ SS LOUNGE, VI \/\/ 5pm
If you need convincing, you really don't need to come! Simple!!! Amazing!! Ground breaking!!!
\"I like to start my day with sunshine and arguments\"- AG
definitely gonna try go to Bryant park today
Gooool de Messi carajo!! Vamo messi
All that I want from you is a promise you will be there .
Come to to see ! I'm performing at 12 with ...? and 2 with . Happy 4th!
Spent about a month of my life crushing bud
Work early ... Sundresses are in effect.
\"Ground hogs are like humans because they can get rabbis\"
Y'all want a \"cutesy\" relationship. I want a relationship where we can be goofy and I can get unlimited dick. That's all.
She Trying to smoke weed while I'm in the car Umm no
might u say the Ghanaians are ... goners... HAHAHAhahahahHahahahah thought of that myself did u hear that
10 sets of 10 standing calf raises no brakes
out of principle I'm making all the links on my new site
Let's stick up the world and sit it 50\/50 uh-huh\nLet's take the dough and stay real jiggy \nUh-huh
Also, just because a player's name is one of the first to come up, doesn't mean he's a primary target. Garth's doing his due diligence.
It's hella smokey over here from the fire.
I want to be your getaway when you want to get away.
And I'm just waitin, waitinnn, waitin on the world to changeeee
If anyone comes to Water Slide World today, we. are. not. friends.
Se me va explotar la cabeza
Let's add another and get this 3 points
Finally made friends at BCC lmao.
Fuck yea, definitely getting me some Chinese later for lunch today !!
My ex boyfriend is everywhere
Thank god my fucking phone won't charge
Il est grand temps que je porte my bucket hat
Past 2 months have been the happiest
Won't you stay with me, cause you're all I need
white boys are too much to handle
i'm not an asshole i just don't give a fuck a lot
Zip stole my charger just so he can say gooodnight to Rori
\"Life is too short for shitty sex and bad relationships So go find someone who fucks you right and treats you how you deserve to be treated\"
Do you think we'll be in love forever?
Putting forth my bid for the USA drinking team starting now
At least he made contact
i could never fall asleep at a decent hour
John Tucker Must Die is on..
For that money nigga I'll go track and field
Cool day with the homie fredo and elvyn uptown I'm still full from that big ass California burger
\": you should've seen it last night\"
Brazil vs columbia.. Thats going to be such a intense game
Pulled an all nighter with dom and we're still staying up just so we can watch the sunrise
Please don't talk to me after 9 pm I'm ten times more insane
I wish dragons were real. or just Toothless D:
Shit changes so fast right in front of your eyes that you only see the aftermath. Now you know why storms are named after people.
Sparkling web ui for looks interesting! I'll try it soon probably
I'll give u some I don't mind.
How do you do it? you got me losing every breath
Work today. Work tomorrow. Work everyday. I llterally have no days off
Hopefully this means no You &amp; Me at Blossom
I need to fix this farmers tan
I'm trapped in my mind, and I know it's crazy. Hey it's not that bad at allllll.
i have a lovely tan line from my glasses :)
anyone wanna come heat up my tortillas \nLol
Tht moment when u would giv all the success &amp; $ uve made in the last year just 2 go bck 2 tht 1 mistake u made tht brought u tht success &amp; $
They're still searching for MH370. How does one lose a jet in the first place?!
Guess what honey, you're not that good for me.
Lmao I really just wanted to see the fireworks show bc I'm gay and corny &amp; those kinda things make me happy
This girl over here looking at my paper in physics she Boutta learn the definition of the blind leading the blind
im a slithery little snakey snake
Well I found it and it was pointless. Heat are just... Wahhhh
I love how supports my feminist rants.
I'm just like Stfu &amp; go to bed
My mom: Dad and I are seeing your brother pitch tonight. I thought since you have dinner and the TV tonight that you're all good.
We ate by the pool and talked about Lana's new album, it's was pretty dope.
Trying to get in the union
Can't wait until some corporation claims their God doesn't believe in the minimum wage
Can you ft multiple people like ooVoo!
.Insisted that the driver reset the power and now it works. Why is this such a difficult request??
wow I'm such a bitch I wouldn't wanna date me either hahah
What is up with these small ass classes for summer!!!
I didn't know you could trade coaches that's crazy
the waffles I just ate were amazing.
happy fourth? RT : Paris's Yvon Lambert Gallery will close, effective December 31, after 48 years.
11 hours into our 8 hour trip we finally hit the Merritt Parkway. 2 hours to go.
copyrioter calling... houston ... we have a situationist.
96 on English, 92 on earth science, 91 on global and I passed trig what the fuck I'm almost mad at myself
When you fucking if you don't feel like u went past two layers and need invite for third sorry for you brother...
Watched last night...was not expecting that many animals to die.
Waay too turnt for Tedi's presence rn
Broke boys hating they want me to fall now
Question of the day: Do I skip the first hour of the BET awards to watch ?
I looked like such a douche bag with my chin strap. geez.
I'm going to watch the rest of how game with my fingers covering my face.
Moje prvni kaleni v USA konecne uiiiii
I would be drunk faster than any of them. Which is kind of disappointing.
EVERYONE LOOKS SO FUCKING STUNNING FOR PROM OKAY I AM SO JEALOUS I WILL CRASH PROM NEXT YEAR JESUS LORD HAVE FUN EVERYONE
I'm excited Naomi vs. Paige! Both are great competitors!
Ghana has a fresh tribal like jersey
don't want it from
Ex's always wanna know how you're mom is doing, like bye I told her you died. Get off meee
Too bad asterisk is used for generators. new* Date(); for immutable object construction isn't bad.
I wonder if Cam is recording the calls
Manual retweet MT : gave QOs to de Haan, Donovan, Poulin, Nilsson, Lee, Cizikas. Not sure about Ness, Cantin, Diamond.
I could live in sweatpants for the rest of my life and be ok with it
Just hate it's in mountain view
I was cool with not commitment. wait, let me take that back. It was you, so I was with it.
U ARE NOT TUMBLR SO STOP LIVING RN
I need new Twitter friendz... These are dry.
Alrighty. Gotta go back to sleep since I got a long one starting early tomorrow. Good night folks!!
My bad if my ex try to fight you.
where are your hard drive back ups? Where are your hard copy back ups??
Thank the lord that subject is now dropped and forgotten on twitter
It's your cooch and if guys can get condoms covered women should get birth control. That simple.
Daaaaaum usa starting off strong
YOOO THIS LITTLE GIRL JUST CAME IN WITH SQUID FROM ROCKET POWER'S SHARK HELMET. SHIT IS FRESH AF
Puto insomnio, si por lo menos tuvieras, nombre o una sonrisa linda.
That last tweet was a lie Dan will forever be bae.
forever thankful for the homeless man that helped me home tonight. good karma ur way &lt;3
AHHHHHHHH JONES LETS FUCKING GO USMNT
Also dumb girls are easy that is all
\"I like ur eyebrows.. No homo\"
It smells like rain, and it's raining everywhere else but the South Bay, I hope it rains here
Walking home in the pouring rain to make sure a friend gets home: priceless
When I get married me and my wife will both be tatted up and with some fast ass cars.
I asked for these crates when I came home from school two fucking months ago you now decide to bring it be mad at yourself
The police have absolutely no legal authority to do what they're doing at !
As much as I wanna hang out and do summer stuff responsibility comes first.
JJ has had pants longer than that hug
is this real life. Dana's actually sleeping over.
originality might kill some of you kids, smh.
lmao bline wildin rn.
Oh so my wifi is live again !!!!
\": Add me on snapchat... Briancurtis123\" Thirst trap
I just Wanna Take you Out &amp; Show you Off
There was no nba season
I'm to germany what kanye west is to kanye west
I just try to be the best person i can be and if i dont live up to what you want ,then srry
Not sure how I'm supposed to keep up this extravagant lifestyle as a broke college student and by \"lifestyle\" I mean shopping at Whole Foods
Sexy can I uber driver!!!!!! Come to mama!!!!! After you drop me at my destination of course!!!!!!
I definitely forget everyone isn't into making music.
So I googled it and apparently we have nothing good enough for Aus,\n\nOh and fat people...
I don't like dick though. That explains a lot
Cookies and milk before bed made me sleepy. Good night y'all
Witness: Savages have reinvigorated my belief in post-punk rock. \nI guess being French helps.
Bed is erect ! Had to resort to building it in my underwear as it's SO warm and am now a bit drunk from so much beer. Where the party at?!?!
movie night aka double date with and
I hate crying, but when you loose something you love its hard.
The fact that people underestimate what I know is pretty funny
Summer basketball league starts tonight! Time to do what the Heat couldn't and 3-peat!
Same old simple Messi
I have to concentrate on concentrating to do my hw rn
I'm just tryin to black asap
I had to buy on my phone to hear the final product. Kinda funny. Kinda not funny.
And with that being said, thank you to everyone who actually commented my ig post today. Y'all are appreciated.
Been on team no sleep for almost 2 weeks now.
jacob needs to come to the west coast or else off with his hair
The shirt I bought is so cute and precious I don't even wanna wear if
Josline swear she JUST thaaat BITCH
What do you want from me
I just gave the rest of the rice from lunch to a napping bum. I hope he enjoys it. I packed him some soy sauce in case he needed some flava.
In a mustang whip\nWith a foreign bitch
It sucks being away from your other half. I miss Alex like crazy
So much beer so much beer....
RIDGEWOOD is turning into the new Williamsburg and I'm loving it!!!
Over and over and over and over and over and over and over
Never leave your phone or your wine unattended. Mother never learns.
I like shirts that make me look flat chested
I'm so determined it's not even funny. If I truly want something I get it.
This dudes name was something like shwiqjdnek
I want cookies so bad heeeeeelp
This nigga really brought me here to look at him shop . Tf
tem wpp? vou formatar o meu cel zz
I'm going to fight by the end of this week
I always think of a clever tweet and when I later go to tweet it, I forget it :(
Have you ever heard of editing? Like, come on, a little effect wouldnt hurt
they selling souls I'm buying them Stairway to heaven I'm bribing them
No se si fue buena o mala suerte a verte conocido
I pray to God whenever I have a child my child is healthy. That's all I ask for
I paid 38 dollars for a Michael Kors case jk I paid 38 dollars for orange fucking pictures
*looks at brett gardner* \"i have no idea who that is\"
got a bad ass bitch just bouncin on my dick.
The access to contraceptives is not a moral issue, it's a health issue.
My phone doesn't like to warn me about these things I guess.
more than this is my jam not gonna lie
It's a proper summer night if I'm chilling in the hot tub, perfect sky, with a few beers
me: \"Wait is it by times sq?\"\n\"I dunno I just wanna go to times sq\"\nK.
Finally benching bum ass chalmers!
Stoked to be one of the TWO WHOLE PEOPLE working in the entire building today
Its over the queen needs to be put down
I might be going to LA bitches!!
Tony Parker was not gonna be a dirk
Yes it's June Yes I'm listening to Christmas songs Yes they're all panic! at the disco versions.
tbh idk why I'm tagged this twitter beef don't involve me
can't wait to see y'all!
IS EVERYONE ACTING LIKE A FUCKING MORON TODAY
I didn't want that to rhyme
EVERY TIME YOU MOVE TO THE BEAT IT GETS HARDER FOR ME AND YOU KNOW IT KNOW IT KNOW IT
i wish this boy gtf
This chick is more obsessed over my niece than I am. It's creepy
Sometimes you need a bad day just to keep your good days in perspective
We all want something that doesn't exist
Clique so deep we take up the whole street\nI need a bitch so bad that she take up my whole week, Sean Don
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routine\nBut your temper's just as bad as mine is\nYou're the same as me
Can't believe I'm graduating this upcoming year wtf
I just wish my best friend was here
Gillian Welch. biscuits with jam. Laird's applejack.
She bugged the fuck out. I would not destroy my house.
Lol people really tweeting lyfe jennings lyrics right now. Amidst all the 2am sex and ignorance
Remember that this experience as a grad student is one that you want to look back at and be thankful and happy for.
\": Don't forget Queen of the Damned James...\" Never saw it Lol!
Guess con was playing me to
Going to sleep so goodnight and sweet dreams peace to all! :)
from the car to the counter to the bed to the couch to the tub to da FLOOO
In canisteo with my one and only tonight!
Wrecking ball is deep. I don't care what anyone says.
There's no going back as much as we wish we could. At this point there's only forward, right?
Anyone who injured a US player will be deemed a Terrorist
sitting in my car so friends can make out. I am a good person.
I HEART U!!!!!!!!
Current mood on the subway rn :(:
typical society always bring ya down huh? ((-;
This is beyond awkward
Sign Number 1 you're tipping too much in : Just had my third bar person shout me a drink in as many days.
New Orleans &amp; New York are just alike it's crazy
Since I wake up every morning at 5 getting up at 9:45 is like od late lol
It was a lot of seejane try to park so far.
I think I can scoop up girl if I grew a James Harden beard.
Haha throwback to when I was in history honors for a month hahaha
Ghana is scaring me rn
That was a ridiculous goal from Messi. Holy cow.
This Toyota Terdcel is being a trooper... Keep trudging on bud, I thought we'd be together to see 250k. Now we'll be lucky to see 220
I am more then a conqueror in Christ Jesus who loves me.
You never change yourself for anyone ever, if they can't accept you and love you for who you are then you don't need them. Simple.
GHANA NO GANA!
Really sad I'm missing out on volleyball tonight
If it's another A train. I'll sleep in the restaurant.
Though I live a super busy life, rocky makes it sooo worth it.
I ain't got money to spare for her damn coke. THATS HOW BROKE I AM. That's some sad shit
Holy shit just made the best protein shake known to man
my name is melissa\n(hi melissa)\nand i am addicted to pete wentz
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA me estan escribiendo las Mexicanas picadas .-.
Just got the first \"you look like someone I went to church with.\"
Why does myTwitter unfollow ppl? was my 1st follow. Now he's or something bc I had to refollow twice along w other ppl too
Dont lie to me or play me , I'll find out if you do
I want rose gold grillz just like
Case closed Little Mix
My dad once saw me crying when I was 8 years old &amp; said to me 'why are you crying? stop &amp; suck it up' so I did &amp; I've never cried since.
Vicky just scared the shit out of me
I was just followed by a church in Phoeniz, AZ. My life is strange at times.
Don't post pictures of ya girl then cry to me about her
Clint Dempsey takes a kick to the nose and doesn't bat an eye. Ronaldo has a hangnail and whines like a bitch.
that witch doctor working his magic
South park is the best show ever by far
Just went deaf
It sucks be incapacitated. .. Leg and back all messed up..
Home. Nothing to do now but quietly pine for the reading at ....*SIGH*
Fuck wrong with that Joseline bitch?
What sucks is there will always be fueds between everyone but we all fuck the same bitches so who's the real winner ? The thotties.
clearly my first suggestion was the CLS63 AMG-S 4MATIC.
Every time my friends sleep over at MY house IM the one that ends up sleeping on the floor
Possible side effects: you might die, well at least no know it's safe
aka I need to go to shopaholics anonymous
jacob loves me
My mom doesn't like chocolate.. how are we even related.
I would do a lot of illegal things to be able to go back to bed right now
The rule of 3s ... I'm a believer ... Tho I have no idea what it means either.
Congrats to Costa Rica () on a great win!
The roar that happened on 2nd ave when USA scored was amazing!
Tonight 10pm show come get ur laugh on Friday
tight jeans she feels my shit
Does anyone have silver clothes that I can borrow?
I have heard the song problems or fancy at least 20 times today
people say Harlem is dangerous, but do you know how many Asian drivers there are in Flushing, Queens?
Tiff Bannister's porn is the most awkward thing I've ever watched.
Thanks for following, guys. Are your products available in the US, too?
go follow now
Dempsey humped that ball in.
Goin to my 3rd grad party this weekend
I'm so proud of myself with how good I got at chel
If you could do it why didn't you?
Chris rock gonna make this a hilarious night
\": Blue-eyed people have a greater tolerance for booze.\"
When I see knee high lace up sandals:: dayyyyum those look.... Really hard to get on
Hitting the for a workout !!!
Ask me why i trust NO NIGGGA cos my ex had me feeling all embarrassed and shit .
don't become a victim.
While in Barnes &amp; Nobel I finished ATLA: The Search. The question that has been haunting me has been answered &amp;now I need a new life goal
Wow! Fully deserved goal by .
I hope one day it all makes sense, one day it'll all make sense
ah ha ! AUS, USA, what do I know Susie...I'm enjoying my Strawberry icecream now\n\n
To get out of bed and cyphe or nahhh is the question..
Please Jozy dont be too hurt
Never are we more American than when coming together and trying to navigate a traffic circle.
Walmart be Ratchet AF especially the Riverdale Walmart
I only trust two people in this life and I feel like I'm losing them everyday.
Just dragged a huge bag of laundry to the laundry mat to find that they were closed
I really don't wanna go to work today!
Like they were all thick and fluffy and perfect omfg
Greatest thing to hear while the bf is on call -- \"you don't have to go in tonight\" woo!!
Supervisor be having his phone in his hand all day, I texted him 10 mins ago to see if I can come in late in the mornin and no answer yet
No one really understands till something happens..
Twitter makes my avi blurry even though the picture isn't. It makes me sad.
*Insert clever tweet about silent lightning storm here*
Nigga vicsmoove asking me how do i get fly
Im gonna cut myself with an mw2 disc
I can't be bothered to put effort into anybody
I will still miss ren's girly image doe
Moving to new house, going on vacation for a full 1 week &amp; 2 weekends.
I don't know where Portugal is. All that matters is I have a 3 page list of first world problems that'll wait another day.
Congratulations to the . One of the most dominant Finals wins of my lifetime. Now bring on the draft!
How will fans greet in his return to Stanford where he was cut from U.S. World Cup team?
I don't always take naps but when I do I wake up feeling drunk... Lol
Happy 4th of July!!! Hope everyone has a great day
ooooyea baby revine that shit fuck all y'all who don't like me singing on snapchat
Had to delete that .
Yung beso na biglaan tapos cheekbone to cheekbone. Masakiiit.
My lead let me go home early , TYBG 5 is closer to 4 than 6
My mom tried to turn off my ac ....
\": .clocked Dee Gordon and Yasiel Puig on their triples:\n: 10.24 seconds\n: 10.32 seconds\nFlying!
\": I miss my squad!
Stranded in the airport waiting for a cab I should've just left this morning
It feels good to be out of my car
Jackie just called me a baeritto
Only if dempsey was playing a soft sport like hockey where hed be able to wear a mask hed be fine
Happy birthday, Ol' Dirty ! I hope you'll tie one on for me tonight, playa.
No my favorite is when guys find out I'm a swimmer and when they try to flirt they'll be all like \"I can totally swim faster than you\"....K
ima b on the bus w a box of q tips bruh
That looked exactly like what happens in fifa when they catch a cramp lol
I wanna trip on shrooms one day.
Lmao RT : Just ready to see benzino get sprayed lol
It's a good thing I wasn't holding my breath.
The problem with this fucking family is that noone ever tries to help each other all they do is talk shit
Just shake it off baby love u
I've seriously been thinking about skipping graduation and hanging with instead.
Actually trying to turn down rn
CAN I GET A HELL YEAH
U wanna point fingers and talk shit go right ahead, but seriously no joke take a look at yourself first, you'll realize your worse
uhh lol rt \": Dude I'm bipolar I swear\"
COSTA RICA IN DEATHLY KICKS! AGAINST GREECE!
What a beautiful goal!
No tengo tetas pero tengo un culo que voy a cagar al campo y cago fuera :____)
I hate when girls hate on kim k yoooo
Seriously been getting headaches like crazy.
Will never understand the people who say they miss you but never make an effort to see you
I'm tired af about to be added out by 10 and shit !
Once Again, The Authority Opens Up Raw
Damn that was ridiculous.
I don't wanna get DWK, driving while kissing they'll put you away.
Why wasn't my sister this cool when I lived there
Just stocked up on vodka, beer and wine.
Did I just watch a World Cup game or nah? Terrible.
Literally. I can't. We can't even have a meal without everyone being disorderly.
Valet parking garage downtown aka my car probably just got stolen
Anything in life worth doing is worth overdoing.
Love introducing ppl to ! Put it on our office Pandora and even though no one knows who it is, its ALWAYS on this station!
My son might just be a race car driver
I need a new phone. I miss taking pictures.
Walking down 5th ave and all I see is Botox
Can't wait to see friends (and my boo ) sing at gala tonight! Great company, great venue!
once you lie to me its nothing to cut you off.
That shooting star was definitely the best part of Saturday night.
The fact that Secretariat was running 49mph in the last 1\/4 of the Belmont is insane, horses now barely hit 35mph in that race
Whys there so many hottie pages that shits dumb, when y'all post some ugly girls dam.. Where the REAL hotties?
At least taxpayers will get it back when pays the $50,000 campaign ethics violation fine.
I'm done with this back and forth after tonight
Ishte shume mire apo shume dobet???
Also sabella necesita play the four horsemen (messi, aguero, di Maria and higuain) with gago at the helm
rio is most def shaking right now
Quiero unos lentes de sol con marco rojo y una bikini azul.
It's harder then I thought to get you to realize
Back to work tomorrow at 10
Hi - please consider adding an \"Expiring Soon\" or \"Last Chance\" category to your suggestions for streaming. Thanks!
OMFG. is on big brother.
Should've just stopped watching after the first 5 minutes
Hella follow some of my favorites
my baby stiles is stacking on these hoes
This \"Journals\" album is really good ...
If I were a female for a day I'd fuck wit niggas emotions but not give up the pums and ask him dumb questions like \"what are we\" like whaaa
You ever wonder what it all really means ?
like 4real how am i supposed to choose a career path when i can't even decide what i want for dinner
Sometimes I think you don't want to do this. But you feel you have to so that's why you do it.
The lady at the register asked me if coke was alright
You think you know ppl, &amp; then you don't. That's why I don't think I know someone.
if you think i don't know every word to every camp rock song then you're very very wrong
muero por besarte desde hace tiempo
Anyone else melt every time thanks live on air? No? Just me? Okay.
You can't even ask for a better start than this. Oh my God&lt;333
I'm talking about women, women love the truth. Tell her u just trynna fuck, most likely that's what she trynna do too
Stomach ache is gone but now I have a migraine...fml
So many Rick Hedo's and Tommy Bahama shirts at this Winwood concert. Kinda feel underdressed with my YABO shirt.
Stupid red card
Just graduated nd my family are still assholes
I farted when my boss was Talking to me :o
I only rock wit ma niggas, ma day 1 niggas, y'all just live next door. Oh the luck in that situation hahaha
I believe giving my all to one
Thank you Lord that I'm off today.
Assholes get girls to stick around bc they make u wonder y ur not enough whereas the good guys make u feel so good u think it can't be real
MAMITAAAA QUERIDAAAAAA!!! DEMPSEYYYYYY
Kissinger: you have to remember I speak no language without an accent
\": Joe is such a light skin..\" Hahahhahahaha what I do????
also if someone wants to wear a lot of makeup just let them WOWOWOWOOW
All my coworkers are talking about the USA games and I'm like 0_o
Why my pic get kinda blurry when I uploaded it ;\/
I am so HAPPY \"Happy\" is video of the year. Congrats!
Remember when Brian was relieved he wouldn't be a father?
Wish I was in Texas to celebrate
Communication errors are gonna be the reason the world blows up
When is that bullet train from Southern California to Northern going in cuz this drive is some bull shit.
Not in the mood to talk to anybody right now
Gonna get a tent when I move into new house and live in backyard like a little animal
Don't have time for games no more
Uh me sono toda la espalda bld
San Fran was too active yesterday lol
.We welcome abstractionist sluts ! Come visit! Through July 3.
The crazy thing is the only close game was when the Heat won the other games were blowouts
Alright these clueless girls gotta stop with the soccer tweets
Sleeping in today was so awesome
Ray Allen has 3 points in 27 minutes; Mario Chalmers has 7 points in 8 minutes. Should Spoelstra have started Chalmers?
So excited getting ready to go to Saudia Arabia.#
smoking a lot of cigarettes lately
You cannot die from takind lsd, fuck you drugs inc.
Steve why would you retweet that like literally every girl wants to go out with you. Wth
Watching the Butler with my grandma
Why does Julia hate me
Eww... You should NEVER wear lipstick.. Like ever
Watching the recording of big brother. Lol what is el quarto?
Bruh having no wifi and TV cable cuz ur wire fell sucks
For every day, I miss you. For every hour, I need you. For every minute, I feel you. For every second, I want you. Forever, I love you.
gimme 5 parang walang dating sakin..
My dad was bout to order me some nice protein and pre workout online but my fucking bitch ass mother had to act like a jew once again.
Jermain Jones you the man!!!!
here I am looking at her, she kinds of looks like me, maybe that's why now she is sitting next to him.
the lady asked if I wanted a sharks logo on my credit card
This has not been my ideal health year but, I am blessed that I have not been faced with anything I cant handle.
I'm praying it don't start til like 6 RT : I hope it don't rain til later today
If I could like pictures on instagram more than once I probably would
GOLLLLLL USA !!! We winning this !
Holy crap!! That's a great start!
TEAM FUCKING USA MAGIC
Love getting my eyebrows done
Wtf third night in a two waking up from a bad dream... What's good w my sleep lately
Someone really need to hit my line though... Im bored as fuck
MTVJams playing the slow jams, bout to have me in my feelings lol.
Another sleepless night? We gon find outtt
I like it when artists appreciate their fans.
(30) Venus Williams def. Maria-Teresa Torro-Flor 6-4, 4-6, 6-2 in the 1st Round of .
I don't even like being up this late
I can't stand big headed ppl. Humble yourself.
watching victorious bc there is nothing on tv
Was offered a loan for my company to get supplies. The APR was 35%! I read the letter and went to attend my flowers.
Anybody tryna stunt at the mall after school
U S fuckin A babbbyyy lets goooooo!
Listening to an 8th grader talk makes me feel amazing about my life
A final on a Monday?! Come on
you are my get away, you are my favorite place.
i wanna be in the city with someone
Today is my moms last day of work. She's ode hyped, getting all cute and shit lol.
I hope follows me someday
Thots who come through with open back shirts when they have back-ne
Not gonna be able to see usa play or the draft
Packed already at v
Why did I just sleep for that long?
I swear if I lived near a cliff, you would be falling off it right now.
At which point I knew it was time To go home.
Trust? What's trust?
Omg I don't wanna deal with people rn
Wake up and Live
Ay mi amor, quien te va a mirar con esas tetas? JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA LA BOLUDA ES RE PENDEJITA Y TE DECIA ESO\n
speeding ticket on the way to the beach, booty makes it worth it
BET awards or a night club???? Come on John???
So jealous of ppl who already seen 1\nMonth and 2 more weeks for me
Free to dance with the demons
Imagine Supernatural was real .. Bruh
I think imma leave for a year
San Francisco-- heaven
Grandma says I'm an alcoholic... She's right.
\"Y muero de miedo por que tu me dejes de hablar...\"
Fuck pic collages,from now on I will post the worst picture I have with someone on there birthday
Well Noones tv's on my street work, what is going on
I really feel like I'm going to fail this chem test...
Who else thinks is the biggest hypocritical \"I'm better than you\" person on the planet!? Hate him.
So 's birthday is tomorrow and he still doesn't have a PO box..... :P Oh well...
A job ain't for everybody
Internship for a record label
When I examine myself and my methods of thought, I come to the conclusion that the gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for
If I don't give a fuck who is talking to me if you don't respect me first your sure as he'll not going to get respect.
Slap up tha booty &amp; pull on her hair .
BUT I WANNA KNOW THE TRUTH ANDI
Apparently my uncle thinks a woman's place is cleaning up after a man &amp; has us cleaning his house.... Tf?
True Life: My Boyfriend's Fed Up With My Weight
I'm so mean I never answer my front door when someone knocks I just let them keep knocking until they walk away
Lunch with the old lady !:)
Much yelling and one thrown !
All I ever had was love for you......
Lo feo no es trotar lo feo es al otro dia levantarse
And of course I get home from work just in time to miss the last strike by Brian Doolittle. Well, a win is a win.
I feel like I'm in fucking church
I feel some way but it's impossible to describe
Almost 2 years since I moved here with no furniture. Home looks like home. Now I need details like more art on wall and house plants.
I'm in love w a lot of guys, I need to stopppp
Django unchained is nuts
Euem crl , ta achando que eh assim
*ldr voice* I am fucking crazy
Also totally not what dating apps are for!
Just ordered and ginobli jersey
Suffer in silence. Nobody gives a fuck
One more class to teach then the holiday begins!
Really wish people knew their rights wow
Ok Derek needs to not be so attractive
Fairly certain I saw a Costa Rica fan wearing a trucker hat in Brazil.
okay ending my day with some bachata, gn :)
Love how Nicole thinks she can beat me in 100 balls
Someone go watch Transformers with me.
I find it funny how in pictures ppl can look like a whole nother person it just amazes me cause if it wasn't for effects it'd look terrible.
Trying to get to work once again lol smh my life
U gross me out.
A friend to talk to right now would be great since I'm about to go crazy from so much being on my mind
This is soccer not mortal kombat.
remember getting swept by the bruins though? RT: Pens defeat Wings 2-1 to win the Stanley Cup!!
Be the type of woman who refuses to compromise her standards, beliefs and self-worth just to please others! There's beauty in NOT fitting in
Some shit just seem to good to be true, so I go looking for shit I shouldn't.
Nothing Feels Better Then A Hot Shower After Balling ...
That's how it's done 1-0 USA!
LETS FUCKIN GOO
Heading into work in a pissed off mood.... fuck time to change that keep my head up!
Im always tired. Wtf
New rule: all guitars should be electric from now on.
Lmfao was it really that foul?
Pain across your face and still you wear it like your best shoes\nBut yet, you cant accept it, cause it just might be your best news.
Tomorrow morning , . !!! \n\nTV coverage begins at 8 am PST on .
nothing is more disappointing then jumping up and down thinking you won a prize only to realize you didn't
I wish I had a blunt right now.. Ugh
Oh they let me go thur the TSA pre check lane completely saved me for missing my original flight.
cuando uno lo quiere todo con esa persona,no le importa nada :$
\"Think of all the roads.\nThink of all their crossings.\nTaking steps is easy.\nStanding still is hard.\"\n
if you have \"Single\" in your bio you a hoe
Can the Heat slow down the Spurs offense?\nCan Tim Duncan win a 5th title?\nDoes twitter jail still exist?\nThese ?'s will be answered tonight.
Tee off at 8:18 tomorrow morning for the sweet 16 match.
Some teriyaki chicken sounds amazing right now. Maybe tomorrow... Hmmmm
i should probably weigh 300 pounds...shoutout to being azn
Danggg the keeper had no chance on that
Appointment is for 11 and I just left home .. Oh
Anyone trying to hang today? I get out of work around 3
.That's just it, you're not a redskin, and I'd appreciate it if you'd step off my racial SLUR!
This is probably gonna be the longest summer of my life
I have 5 twitters logged in my phone now lol
Nobody has emojis next to their name in my contact list.. Am i the only one?
I'm so sick!!
Just want to be in complete isolation
Fck u ref
Reading a little Harry potter and I had to stop. Common theme: friendship and love kills monsters and ghosts and other spookies
Murray Hall 210 is RUAIR's new meeting room for the 2014-15 academic year.
epic today. No AC in term. Barely air on equip. No wifi. Skyclub located in CT vs Nr gate yucky speckle drip my seat 1-A
Are you serious that should be a yellow... That guy just kicked Dempsey in the face
I actually wish my class wasn't so full of themselves, forgot about what others think&amp;actually liked eachother like every other class but no
Someone FaceTime me. Let's be friends.
That's none of my business though
Purge 2 looks live
Don't be the girl whose roots are showing
All I'm asking for is a 65 for chemistry
That Portugal goalie didn't even move LMAOOOO
i keep forgetting what day of the week it is and i keep missing my shows:(
I smell victory!!!
Fucking ready to go back to Syracuse where I don't have to deal with this shit
I live a whole different life in my head.
Um since your phone is messed up who do I talk to now..
I honestly think I look better today than I did on prom
Now that we've seen J.Crawford a free agent,he must be added into the competition at least.Played well &amp; took over games at times\n
two dudes, not judging (probably dating) just asked pat Kane to sign their disc golf.
shoutout to Mother Nature for ruining this night
I think people reach a whole new level of creepy at amusement parks
Lebron gonna go cry on the plane
Nigga look like the mad hatter
Damn Danny Green can't hit shit
When you sweep dirt under the carpet you gotta clean up eventually. I never understood Why!
Why couldn't I be a guy? Just walk out my house like \"see ya later ma\"
AHHHHHH YESSSS GOALLLLL
I'm sad when is the next season is gonna be lol
Wait but Jose is sleeping and I want to go take pictures of Brooklyn someone come wander with me
Pessimists call it AntiSocial. Optimists call it Reserved. Realists call it Introverted.
Shoulda never sat down on the couch to watch the game cause now I have no motivation to get up and go work out haha
it's always best to stir the pot without others knowing.
Jeez, a stretcher? , I miss you
I'm not so sure. . .
if you dont shower after a game i hate you
ANDA LA VAINA JAJAJAJJAJAJAJJAJAJAJJAJJA BOCHESET TEMPRANO JAJAJAJ
THEIR FCKEN GIRLFRIENDS SHUT THEIR DAMN BLINDS KILL ME
This has truly been the longest week of my life
I love tattooed bearded men so much that if Zac Efron ever asked me out I'd be like nah
\": I suck at texting back, but when people take forever to respond to me it bugs me so bad.\"
se me ocurrio un re pan :o jajaja
All you tweet about is oomf this and oomf that ....... Oomf obviously wants nothing to do with you anymore
Feels mad weird driving stick then driving an automatic
You know you're in an Italian household when you're asked if you're hungry every 5 minutes
My followers consist of:\n1. Teammates \n2. Mormons\n3. People I feel obligated to follow
Taylor ham egg and cheese beats a bacon egg and cheese any day
Police officers in shorts, you have no authority
I wonder if you know that your always on my mind 99% of the time......
Congrats to my best friends &amp; on graduating today!! Miss and love u bitches xoxo
It's difficult to get a read on a ball at ATandT because there's no pattern on the grass
Sometimes fear is the only thing that pushes me..
Today I eated starbucks, jamba juice, ikes sandwiches, ben and jerrys, and bubble tea..I've only been up for 5 hours fml
I could really go for some Missy Elliott right now
What are some good online clothing stores
Jacob whitesides is life just saying
I'm not going to old forge anymore and I'm grounded for the whole weekend
I CANT WAIT TILL TOMMAROW NIGH THAT'S TO LONG
poned ya el otro tt
Looking forward to working with tomorrow on The End Zone 2-6 eastern on , channel 88.
Germany vs France!!! Is this the World Cup Final?!?! Or Nah? This game is gonna go to who wants it more! Let's go Germany!!
UAS TIENEN Q SALIR A GANAR O GANAS SOCCERS
\"True friends teach their bros girls how to make out\" -Jacob Tunick
Can someone get these Red Sox fans out of my stadium?
First time at a gay club &amp; I loved it !!!!!!!!!
Rihanna torce pra gana \namanha quero ela torcendo para o Brasil
Not a morning person
Fuck this is Americas day and 5SOS ruined it FUCK UR TOUR U WERE JUST IN EUROPE JFC
My sister just asked who is. Let's just say I kept my self from having a Mahomie meltdown.
This weather is fucken killing my vibe.
why do periods exist just why
Me and babe have to take some new pics doe !!!!!!
if you kiss me on my neck, then I'll probably stay longer
Ima take this Walk n Smoke a Poison Stick or Two
home from Moa
they been talking on the low .
Don't lose what's real, chasing behind what only appears to be
Some people need ORGANITE in their lives.
Back in high school, when baseball was the boring-est sport to me, my boyfriend (now husband) would talk about Tony Gwynn and how he (pt 1)
Sometimes I still can't believe I live in New York
My nose hurt
wish i could be part of that world
I spend too much time on Vine
How could you even have feelings for someone who could just not feel like responding to you multiple times during the day ?
there have been a lot of almosts lately
A year ago today I found out my favorite band was going on hiatus. Still not over it.
This game is so bad I switched to RHOC
Don't let your ego be your enemy. Peace without starts within.
no wonder why i haven't played Call of Duty in a while, it pisses me off
Non-state actors critical in policy formation along with member states
Can't Change What's Already Done .
The champ is here! John Cena!
So so bored
USA USA USA USA WOOO
Bet you can't sing Baby Boy by Yonce while shoving a NY bagel in your mouth.
Thank God - YG
I passed OUT at 6:45 and just woke up so I'm super stoked for bed tonight... oh wait
I like actors to my story, *NIVIUT AND ALIENS* are, as director , New York .TM
Lol wut my phone was st 39% a minute ago and now its at 29\/%
I just want to inspire a good man to be great
God forbid the take advantage of the IC or US titles so these ppvs aren't so boring
Bleh I don't understand why people try to make me grumpy on my day off
Then chasing down every chasing down every temporary high to satisfy me
My night is looking like herbal tea and sleep
You either die a Hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
I swear, I really need to catch up on Teen Wolf.
Well that was an embarrassing concession. Good job good effort, Romero
\"Don't wander off by yourself people have knives at those concerts\" k mom
Either way they won
I would give it all up just to take one ride wit u
Your whole TL is gonna be teen wolf.
I'm at the grocery store what's going on? Kyrie signed a five year deal? With the Cavs? The Cleveland cavaliers?
I want bosnia to score and I want di maria or higuain to score
I'm 20 mins early to pick up my girls \/:
Ronaldo is shit
Every word true RT : HeckUVA run for the . Hella proud of you guys. WAHOOWA!
Improving existing technologies is the new inventing.\n
I just want a house with a big farm when I'm older
GoodNight Mentions For For (All Hot Girls Welcomed)(Beautifull Girls Welcomed)Murder My Botton...
&amp; my 2 teams
Im tired of fuckin my hands up why do niggas gotta act so tough?
on the way back ima start thinking a lot \nlets see whaat happens
Starving. Straight starving. About to go to the store and buy so many chips and salsa
FAV Y PASAS POR MI BIO!!
Deandre is sexyayyy
Paying a visit to . Love em.
We live in a world where if you tell somebody the truth\/how it is, you're considered rude, but if you lie to their face it's accepted
I don't get how some people let a days go by without making money
The only thing that keeps me sane is music
I ... I ...
Imma go back to tweeting about nudes &amp; shit Bc it really used to work
school is gross I demand to be removed immediately
K my computer just shut down
Anyone tryna hit for the 30 cent boneless wings?
HOW IS THAT NOT A PK BRUH
She said she could get away with it, I was like no would avenge me. She said she would just pay him off. What the hell mom
Yes!!!!!!!! Thank you Mr. Jones!!!!
And I will get it... My future has been placed in my hand... The power of music ... NO the power of my music
Just had the best nap ever
Tomorrow is national get testes day.. I encourage everyone Gay or straight to go out&amp;get tested..i went out got tested today
hate waking up early after falling asleep super late.
Weather is beautiful
WAIT WHY IS JAMES\/CAMERON A BLACK WOMAN
my mother painted my room a gross color while i was at school without telling me lol
I just called the World Cup the superbowl
I miss hoco when I'm away for a while yet it's nice to get away
So glad AMC is playing Shutter Island so often
WHO WANTS TO BE A GOOD PERSON AND TELL ME HOW TO GET TO THE ROPE SWING
Please , do it before or after
I think it's crazy these NBA prospects are like 6'8\" and only weigh 215-220
Wanksta \": How To Rob RT : Best friend RT : Favorite 50 cent song\"
.Per kWh no, wind is much more steel (and concrete I think). Special concretes and steels are needed though
Philip was not one of the 12 apostles; he was one of seven men called as deacons to handle the distribution of goods.
This is why Manu is one of my all time favorites
Almost amazing how long I've been sitting alone crying and nobody I've come with has noticed hahahaha
KSJC 260553Z VRB05KT 10SM FEW012 BKN017 BKN150 18\/14 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP152 T01780144 10217 20178 50004
I'm down for a cute relationship so let's get to know each other for a while then be adorable.
.Yes, they have my favorite Polish born German guy with a super Polish sounding name, Lukas Podolski.
Either something is up with my phone or everybody is curving my texts and phone calls...
Gahh, I just don't know how to feel, or even if I want to. :\/
Fuck. I feel like shit nd my head feels like its gonna explode
I wanna see 22 Jump Street but all my friend are too sheltered to go with me by themselves
Did anyone else know there are no timeouts in soccer..
The only way im chasing a nigga is if he got my phone
i am too short for concerts
currently waitin for my watermelon 2 freeze
TODAY IS FRIDAY ?! Ewp ! New episode of BGC Greece @ 8 ;)
Hey I've been thinking about what u said and idk if ur the love of my life cuz I won't know till I'm old. This thing ain't over yet
Can't sleeeeep, body aches and anxiety
\"No smoking, no drinking, alone in bed...I'm a disgrace to France.\"
This was a great driver, outbound 6 Parnassus at Fillmore, bus , driver 3032. Went out of way to help wheelchair.
Sorry I done been boring on the twitters
Mis telefono es muy dry
ARE THEY BOY GETTING ADOPTED OMDG
1ST WC GOAL
I wanted you to no that I am ready to go heartbeat a heartbeat
Pre-ordered this book 3 wks. ago it came yesterday I just finish reading it The Road to Price LOVE it
That's why he's captain
Kick ass 2 is depressing as shit
Those who don't use their turn signals when driving are the worst kind of people
Social media is so fucked up now
I just need a 6 pack 2 fat doobies and my chase couch on my porch while I vibe to right now
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
Just finished a day of good hard work. Now training puppies.
Robert Downy Jr.in iron man Is the kind person I'm aiming for when I'm older. A smartass.
I'm effin starving someone feed me
aye he kinda made tilted wheels look cute
What a fucking shot USA!!!!!!!!!
I want to be in a relationship, but like just for the summer. You feels me?
California kushin I love ya like good pussy
gurrrl execute yo self
Leave a hoe stiff like Dickies
I've been sleeping with the lights on,\ncause the darkness is surrounding you
!!!!!! What a game!!!!
I'm gon' nap until these plans come together.
Maybe I'm still asleep and this is just one big nightmare
Only thing left is the missing you part
Deadass just went to sevs and ended driving a random woman home because she was stranded
Less than 12 hours till kickoff, someone pinch me. Tomorrow is the biggest day ever for US Soccer. Let's get the result
Lol I'm not calling back I don't ever call back if I get hung up on
I want my own damn studio
seriously in the worst mood ever.
They aren't, obviously. The plan is to stockpile as many chips as they can. C'mon, man. You know this.
U rite\": \": Wassup twitter ?\" \"
Why can't I sleep though ...
This episode is not giving me what i need. Where is !?
\"Go Grande, Or go home\" AGHHHHH I LOVE FRANKIE
im motivated for a run in the morning
5\"2 and under is going crazy
Donate your vehicle to the Original 1-800-Charity Cars. You may receive the full fair-market value tax-deduction for your vehicle donation
But hey, you go ahead and rock that 60-year-old-lady's blouse\/sweater thing. I'll be over here... Not doing shit like that...
Niggas forgot basketball 101 \"Play Defense\" smfh
And you decided to come and visit because?
wants to charge 1$ to add sauce to a cheeseburger. Are you guys gonna add the sauce to the dollar menu or what
Di maria is so fucking good
Seriously.... My restless leg syndrome has gotten so out of control. I can't deal
at work all night again smh ..
I'm sorry but why is performing she aint even black ..
Jack swagger 3-21 very bad choice in this ladder match he still doesn't have the endurance.
s\/o to the angel of a woman who made us sandwiches for singing in Stewarts, god bless you
someone plz tell me where the denville carnival is
Thats a dick when i walk not a limb
K write your real friends merch to me in your will
Fuckkk. I'm stupid
I Really Don't Believe Jason Kidd 4 Life !!! !!!!
gente me digam um app para android que tem esses emoji
I never need acceptance from all of you outsiders
I can grow my beard out now for work ! Hallelujah !
.Just 14 more followers needed to get up to 200!
where the bae at i miss him lowkey
I feel like the worst things always happen to ali HAHA AW
Having such a great time that I think we just found our NJ reception spot
Zafamos o perdemos. Ganemos, dale?
Delta psi for lyfe ya bish
Aria is going hard searching Ezra's apartment damn
Better to have loved and lost , then to have never have loved at all.
he got bottled I got bottles he had bitches come to the table... I didn't have no bitches
All my life I've been told I'm annoying.. Too loud.. High strung. Sorry I'm fucking me. Breaks me down all I can do is cry.
My legs are so sore wtf
Mall trip, gotta find something for these sauconys
I HATE YOU RT : Patina \"You Expect Me To Eat Fried Chicken With My Hands?\" Miller
Contemplating on trolling Podias but he was kind
I always check my back seat before I get in my car at night just in case there's a human trying to kidnap me ?
She said where's this going, I said there's no way to know it
This weather forecast is pissing me off
Loyal people go thru the most bullshit while fakes get away with all kinds of bullshit smfh
Buscare A Ver Que Hay Para Tomar.
That was a beautiful equalizer
Ate a muffin for breakfast.
Then again I'm not tryna get outta bed.. Fuck
UR FRIENDS ARE JERKS WHEN YOU ACT LIKE THEM JUST KNOW IT HURTS
My sis be on that fake shit.
There's just something about you that I don't get yet.
Always talking to randoms &amp; today it actually paid off. Insanely weird &amp; outrageously crazy day. This city is seriously awesome.. Sort've.
Nekhoul ba nekhoul nak mais ref bi USA la faral
I'm tired of rice my nigga I'm bout to eat something else wtf.
My mom would beat my ass if I turned on the AC. Fuck.
A lot of money will keep a very bad idea running for a very long time 30 under 30
I want to open up a dog ice cream place called Scoop Dogg
talkin to da kid who photographed lana for da fader
Golazooo de Messi!
My nightmare scenario is a way to get notifications when people screencap your conversations
90 days man. I hope I get called up earlier!
You know you're a swimmer when you sweat and all you smell is chlorine
Holy shit yeS! . Jermain Jones, the magic is in the dreads!
The Howard Stern birthday bash video is now online for free viewing at Howard Stern dot com.
Must be a yes from morg
I don't give a shit about the age difference if marry her right now
I'm getting a second just to have a reason to leave my house lol
I wish my family did things together and celebrated on holidays
Just got a genuine compliment on how well I keep the cutlass hahah that made my day
TO ALL MY TWITTER PEEPS FOLLOW IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY, ALL NATURAL SOAP,MADE BY THE HARKIN FAMILY.GO BUY SOME YOU WILL LOVE IT.
As much as I am enjoying this asskicking by the , get your butt in there and fight it out till the end!
Besides the USA vs Belgium game .. The game that is totally worth watching is Germany v Algeria.
Con cagadera Los CHE !!!
Chris brown and me should do **al
Need to come in clutch for me
The photos Matthew took of Emmett?! He's in love with it?!?! Omg
But if I know you, I'll know what you'll do, you'll love me at once, the way you did once
Yankees Vs red Sox let's go
Ya know...you are very judgemental for a person who has more issues than a Vogue magazine.
Someone should deff text me though!
Me and syd always set alarms to wake up at like 9am and end up sleeping till 1pm every time
.I was proud wearing the P&lt;3 today!
With evey kind doing \/a evil will try 2 destroy that toy u found in ur head he had yet to wined it up fasten up n they shall cry together
This is the last time I'll ever play for foot avis
Oh but good thing I'm working tomorrow, maybe, just MAYBE, I'll make enough this week to buy a fucking coffee.
Half way done with my paper yay
Go back to your damn spelling bee
i dont even like transformers but for some reason when i was younger i was obsessed with bumblebee um
Wow I have chills
I hate when I get something and then I tell someone &amp; they want it all of a sudden
Just found five draft tweets that didn't send because I was on the train. Thank god they didn't send.
this cappuccino is delicious
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first, well looks like I hit a growth spurt ..
tem gente nesse site que precisa se situar ne amor
Short temper, heavy mind, lost for words. Off to get some cardio in before I break down.
Instagram why must you never work?
\"LeBron should style his hair in a BLOWOUT\" oh wait
Just planning on winging it for chem and pray I pass
\": We're raising the bat-signal for more fan art like this: RT : \"Dark Duet\" &amp;amp; :
Maybe tonight I'll call ya after my blood turns into alcohol
I had a dream I was smoking cigarettes left &amp; right. I was loving it too.
Never fuck with a girl that has a man
Being around ma fam is so stressful... jus wen I think am over d situation... somebody all gotta bring it up
Attempted to go for a run at 8:30 at night after drinking tequila with girlfriends. Run ended quickly, am currently watching cat videos.
I can not breathe. I feel like there's bricks laying on my chest.
In the face of knowing I won't ever hear from him again, I feel like avps cho chang. \"I could've been your greatest adventure!\"
Kicked him right in the face that's a yellow
Me and my loser friends are just going to listen to buttrock all night and play Uno.
I'm bored as a dick hole in the dessert covered in oysters
Havent feed bae in a minute
what if earth isn't even earth and we are the so what called \"extraterrestrials\" being controlled by other \"creators\"
Did a lot shit to live this here life style
Dyro was amazing now
Ben and Jerry's half baked is by far the best kind.
in 3 mins.
I was just in the elevator with Russian mob bosses. I know this because I'm 95% sure my aunt is in the mob and they live one floor above us
I want some watermelon but I don't want to walk downstairs
Yo tmb soy negra Aquiles ! :c
Anchorman will always be funny no matter how many times I watch it
\": \"My blacked-out self loves fat girls\" - Ramapo College of New Jersey\" they understand me
All the media cares about is Israel and the missing Israeli teens. \nI's just infuriating how no one cares about the Palestinians.
Watching on in the most comfortable robe ever!
Better get my bottles out my car before my borrows it pero it's too far
If you don't think so your ah hater.
Me and my hair dresser are literally the same person
Old wayne got me stuck right now
God is great.
Red wine + white comforter = DAMNT (clean)moron
PURA VIDA BABY PURA VIDA !!!!!!!!
Cuando somos buenos, nadie nos recuerda; cuando somos malos, nadie nos olvida.
Wait guys, what's obamas last name?
I ain't tryna do what everybody else doing\nJust cause everybody doing what they all do
finally there is people at work and the store is open
Oh no oh no oh no
Never waste time wondering. People can't wait forever, take your decision &amp; move on.
Everything seems really good when you hungry asf
The way the hand move on The clock ull be amazed
And, PS, if you haven't suspected the antisocial side of me (see previous post), then I must really like you! :-)
Casa Del Sol was very good. Food was excellent.
every time it see 's bio description I start singing.. out loud...
Is there any good scary movies out
at the end if the day I'll be alright
this rain is a real buzzkill
instead of a workout I'm having a burrito
Round of 16:\nvs \nvs \nvs \nvs \nvs \nvs \nvs \nvs
. Very cool. There is a longevity gene in Riesling, or so it would seem.
Ok everybody that was me tweeting off of jaos account he is not a sex offender
At least one.
C'mon baby light my TL. \n\n70's music update
If I want something I get it. I don't like to depend on people
Definitivamente Me va a explotar la cabeza
fr Scott you couldn't break out of those chains 20 minutes before they started shocking you? cmon!
I love this country!!!
The curve tho
4 Scores and 7 Years Ago..
T be hot as fuck though
So easy to tell the difference in guys when they actually wanna talk and get to know you and then the ones that just want sex.
I've done nothing but sleep these past few days and I'm still sick as fuck. Ugh.
Sou aquele tipo de pessoa que considera todo mundo como irmao e tals kksksk
Iron Sky was even crazier than I imagined it would be. Watched it on
May your Boom Boom be safe and sane. Happy 4th.
Some bagel bites would be crazy clutch right now
This girl just tried to compare courage the cowardly dog to Clifford hahah
All I wanna be and all I ever wanna be is somebody to you.
My wife will confirm that I called that Navas save.
head in the clouds got no weight on my shouldersssss .
I have the worst sunburn in the history of sunburns
I Stand Corrected\/\/Vampire Weekend
Crying bc I was supposed to be at VIDCON and cam and nash are there
day three consist of crying
Jhene is the queen of maxi skirts
OH \"it's like chaos monkeys but for human resources\"
Just bought frozen taquitos at the store...that is precisely why it's not a good idea to shop while hungry.
is it me or is bensonhurst fucking boring ?
How do girls like August lol like do you hear his voice.. um ew
And that is how you do that!
I love Jeter with all my heart
Yanina Wickmayer upset\n(17) Samantha Stosur 6-3, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
Winners dont smoke weed, champions do.
So I got called a mix between a too tall abercrombie model and Taylor Lautner. So I guess that's a compliment....
Melo's agent says that all is doing is \"exploring his options\" the way Obama is doing now in Iraq. After all, they're isolationists.
What a kick
vs the Greeks May be the match of the tournament so far. We're going to penalties
like get it off of twitter and hmm idk, text or call the person? \nlet's be mature now
Kendall Jenner is literally THE definition of perfect
I wonder what Jesus would think about for-profit corporations having a religious identity.
The notebook is the cutest movie ever
Tim Howard is playing great early on in v. , but they can't let Ghana control the tempo and certainly can't sit on this lead.
My pool is so warm finally
It's go time! Let's do this! My chem students &gt; your chem students!
pizza my heart and my beautiful vinyls and my beautiful girlfriend :-)
I missed my bed so much today
Ima just go ahead &amp; block everything because at this point , I'm so drained &amp; everything else
Jean Machi 0.29 ERA lowest among all relievers in bigs, scoreless in the last 25 innings
My favorite book of all time is about to be made into a movie and I'm nervous and anxious and excited. Just. What.
I'M SOOOOOOO PETTY LMAOOOO.
I've had the habit of biting my nails for forever &amp; I'm happy to say I've finally broke it, I'd like to not only thank god but Jesus
DIRECTIONERS LISTEN TO ME GO GET PLZZ HE DESERVES IT!!!
Deadass left work as soon as I got out so I could be home for the game
Today was the last day of school whoo ~
And a bad day but still sooo good
666 you are a total babe and you're really weird and racist as shit. That was a fun car ride though! Ilysm
I'm done wit my last retweet
My mom bassicly just got rode of every channel on tv the I watch fuck this shit
yall so worried bout what everybody else doing and how they doing it
Now time for a shower then work
Can't breathe. Anxiety. What a mess
Weed come from Mexico chop got the Holy Ghost
Dude I still would've taken them
Well infact Belgium already won the ticket to 16-round.... so.... yeahhh I hope we meet Belgium on our final round.
Good for both teams. RT : Houston is finalizing a deal to send Omer Asik to New Orleans, league source tells Yahoo Sports.
Si retuitiame pero no me hables , conchuda de mierda
It's going to be a hot one tomorrow on that turf
I need a Bloody Mary ASAP!
i hate when netflix stop &amp; asks if im still watchin like yes u think i got up &amp; started doin somethin with my life bitch put my show back on
This girl has crazy written all over
IF U DONT LIKE MCDONALDS DONT EVEN COME NEAR ME
I don't even know wtf is going on in my life anymore lmao
R.I.P Dempsey's nose
We can all agree right? Fireflies: good. Mosquitoes: from hell.
Well I didn't miss anything
Were killin it with the usaa chants
You a dumb bitch or nah?
Forgot what Santa gave me this year
Dad talking about soccer using golf terms...\"he drew the ball in there nicely\"
Ghana gon learn today
I heard it's for a show but lemme call my hoe
That was a one of a kind night
I hate when bad things are happening and no ones awake and I don't know what to do
Whatever fuck youuuuu
how a black guy treats his white tees is a reflection how he'll treat you. my shit been crispy all day. what that tell you? lml
Don't cuff a whore. Learn from the best
Ladies if you ever need someone to go shopping with you I'm your man.
Ill be be nice WHEN HE WAKES UP AND HELPS ME PACK! RT : hey man be nice. That is my friend.
I have no more time for ppl that don't want to be consistent in my life
Y do people make so many fake video accounts -.- no lives
If you go to the doctor and he's smoking a cigarette I would stop going to him but if he's smoking bud I'll fuck with him...
Having to work a eight hour shift while not knowing where my cat is &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Que mal me anda el fb :s, 3msc y a domir
You're not the guy i thought you were.
I feeel bad for lebron deadasss lolol rest of his team has NO motivation
I can't wait for Tuesday's game!
Walking Of the Sun by Empire of the Sun
Absurdly perfect shot
and you deserve nothing less that a perfect gentlemen, but I'm not a perfect gentlemen, so I'm not going to try and act like one anymore
Korra sounds slightly different to me, but could just be my imagination\n
I love zelda incase you didn't know
The most hyperbolic conversations are between girls who haven't talked in literally forever and are super excited to catch up. .
I don't want a stupid rental car
All the ugly bitches in here look bad as fuck
Karnezis se parece un poco a Giroud
I have to get to pathmark today .. ugh no groceries
Can you pass me a tissue, more...............more. Don't stop. I'm building a house
If I don't go to bed soon I'll be falling asleep on my chem test
I hate lightning I hate lightning I hate lightning I hate lighting I hate lightning
Watching and and on .
You can't go out with broke friends if you do they make you broke ha
Damn it only took a minute
Why is Independence Day not playing on any channels right now
I think I wanna rewatch all of gossip girl I miss it \/ need to become Blair
good thing the dorm next to me is just blasting Taylor Swift so I can focus on my Econ textbook
SUCK ON THAT PORTUGAL
Holy that was intense grats to Costa Rica!
You always look like you belong when you have a cup of coffee
**Spoiler alert** In the final season of Blade comes to Bon Temps
Need to go swimming, it's hot AF!
Stevie is big fish? Am i being punked!? &gt;_&gt; &lt;_&lt; O.O
Niggas needa start having they rod boys backs instead of holding they fuck niggas dick.
.sings with a smile, and it makes me smile
IM GOING TO TWEET EXCESSIVELY AND THEN DELETE IT ALL
You might think I'm crAzy that I'm lost and foolish leaving you behind
It may look like I'm carrying a Michael Kors shopping bag when in reality I'm using it as a deterrent for my Chipotle bag that's inside
Conversation with right now: \"Just tweet at and tell her you need a hangover morning tomorrow.\"
Did we score or something
Y'all got Kermit the frog outcher lookin bad!
Just so I could stop fucking everything up
Working the self checkout made me realize that people really don't fuckin listen smh
\"Happy birthday America\" said every idiot ever
go make a documentary, or better yet, star in one
Looking for fun tonight while in AC come to the comedy show 9 tonight at I promise I'm funny! :-)
Life would be complete if I had a kitty
You can really ignore it when it calls you.\n\nAnd by \"it\" I mean your mad parents xD
Thank you for another day
Did ginobli just dunk on the entire team?
Loving me some two-a-days right now!
My dad's Guinness workout: two Guinness before and two Guinness after.
So how does one slowly start buying things without their mom calling them out for all the deliveries...
52 stacks on a new security system.
ooo her vocals arent so poppin this performance right now... but she looks great! so theres that!
somebody text meeee
What's up Clint you beautiful fucking human being!!!!!!!
I'm not ok at all rn because so many things in my life r happening too quick and they're not good but I just think about Harry &amp; it's good:)
\"WE ONLY FOLLOW HER TO EVENTS, CHILL.\" I didn't know the ladies room was the Golden Globes...
I'll answer ANYTHING you ask me, ask of me. But don't question me, when I question why you're asking such a thing.
Don't stay mad\nJust let some time pass
I don't think I have ever seen such an amazing movie.
That fucking savvy vet!! Jonesy!!! I believe!!
You feed off the fact that your book smart please sit down
Shit Ryan Waste and the director of Street Trash just showed up
I seriously need to carry around an umbrella 24\/7! Omg I'm so dark....
Goliath is the best ride ever
I just wanna go back to sleep
My sisters gonna kill me bc I'm not even home
\": Was bron cryin? Lol bitch\"aye bro where was you at when kd was?
All I'm thinking about is how there's nothing to do after graduation tm
Even though sophomore year was still shitty, it was still the best cause i got closer to a special someone just for a minute tho
I think Subway needs to jump on and hire Lana del Ray as a spokesperson.
I respect all of our soldiers and give them my love and gratitude. now, do I respect the ASSHOLES who send us into war? absolutely not.
\"Not three, not four, not five...\"
Fuck these refs smfh
That shower after that intense workout was ducking great yo
I just downloaded the Kim k game hahahahhaah
The customer service line has either: put me on hold for an hour, HUNG UP on me, or given me a 555- number.
Im a big asshole to people i don't care about
She really knows how to boost my confidence when I have none
its pretty ass that i cant watch the game now right now but all of twitter is keeping me updated so thats cool
not in the violating mood right now so I'm just gonna keep my mouth shut
Wonder if Madison is having a backyard adventure
Math was super fun with you, I love your sense of humor!! You're a cutieee
My shirt for today will be featuring an American flag and wolves so happy birthday America!
15 haven't talked to you in a while
I better go to the beach tomorrow I need some air and just chiiiiill with the fucking waves.
not about walking home tmrw
\"What's music without pain right?\" S|O 2
So tired I am going to die
Please just be a cramp
The Dynasty Intro is the best album intro of all time. Who wants to argue
just saw a firefly for the first time :-))
my whole timeline is about nash or laur and nash
Tate: In Arizona you can shoot a Mexican two miles from your property\nMe: really?\nTate: no but it'd be cool if you could
TECHNICAL MIDFIELDERS OF THE UNITED STATES
I wake up feeling dead, I need a fresher
Shook a man who's worth over 500 million is a great feeling
he did not just @ me a pic of his dick
So i actually tried enjoying the present, &amp; not focus on my past or future this weekend and ive came to the conclusion
Just signed my extension for another 3 months! Let's make this worthwhile
I need all the luck I can get to make it through today...
I have no where else to sleeping meaning I'm stuck in my room with a missing spider
Insomnia is going to get me soon!
No legit about gay males ....
Meet up at la Vic's in 20?
When life throws you a softball, swing.
I come home just for u to be pissed off at me great
Mom: \"you sleep your life away.\"\nMe: \"I'm okay with that.\"
I love my mom. I wouldn't be the person I am today if it wasn't for her. My dad got a big part to do with it also, but you know.
Pizza guy's name is Marco. Say hi sometime!
Trying to get around Wantagh without using Wantagh ave is a pain in the ass
WHAT A SHOT! GOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!
Hope Solo went on to say, \"it's not like I bit somebody.\"
Omg I'm so down for some lacrosse right now !
Could've used Donovan right now
Can we all just stay up until 5 y'all? Okay yay.
Would never thought the Heat would lose in five games in the finals.
I'll be happy if Bosnia ties.
I'm hungry &amp; tired &amp; don't want to be here
should i dl roommate or not !!!!
\"Looking for your chaser?\" \nHad me weak haha
I finally hung up my American flag from Afghanistan and I just feel really safe sleeping under it knowing that it was flown over our troops
No me gusta hablar por tlf.
The things I would give to smile right now...
Would have been totally screwed if I was on vacation in hatteras this weekend... Glad my brother for stationed somewhere else lol
I like the look of this Fabian Johnson kid
Back to Mohegan Sun later
I am in love with favorite site to go on!
boy did i wake up with an attitude
I'm guessing Spiderman meets MaryJane in the next installment of the Spiderman franchise??
Someone go to great america with us tomorrowb
You're gone and I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind
Lil Wayne walked around onstage and yelled at me for five minutes. .cool story bro
I'M LEGIT CRYING AND IVE ALREADY SEEN THIS EPISODE OMFG
THESE GIRLS RAPPING OH MY I CANT I HAYE WHITE PPL
No offence to Alex on that nigga reference.
I can say some op as shit but ima just stop myself
Getting Starbucks and shopping was probably the only good part of this day
Hell is people who think that hell is other people
\"I'm never sour, I'm just smokin' somethin' much louder.\"
Whoa awesome break down last 75 days on kudos
struggle is being a grown ass woman and having to use diaper wipes bc the people you're babysitting for are out of toilet paper!!!
I used to be mad but now I'm just thankful
Wow this game is so dragged
wtf is going on with my life like lastnight did that actually happen
Yo guys there's 90 minutes in a soccer match relax
Life's too short to play it safe. Be spontaneous, try something new, and always allow yourself to shine.
Free for all at retro right now
Mientras tanto esto va de picada y sin soluciones....
Honestly all the Ghanain players were talkin mad sh*t too to let up a goal in 36 seconds
Yesssss RT\": I wanna do something tonighttt\"
Being smart\/intelligent and wise are 2 completely different things.
since she logged to my twitter &amp; shut
Are you back in the chat or nah
Me:I hate you Charlie \nParents: hate is a strong word \nMe:I know. That's why I used it \n(Charlie is a fake name I made it up for scenario )
2-1 no se celebra Argentina defense sucks
I love aka dozey aka bad bitch
Can someone please hang out with me tonight
That 4th of July workout now has me more than ready for today
subtweet: STOP OBSESSING OVER ME jeez.... what's the point in waging war with someone who won't fight??? I'm a lover not a fighter
I hate that he was right.\nI tried to ride this 50 cent horse with only a quarter and tried to get away with it.
Life isn't only about getting your dick wet.
Stevie J should put out a sextape instead of having Joselines music career shes trash anyway shes a stripper dass all shes worth
life's a game made for everyone, and love is the prize
\": yeah we did aigh\"oigh , did u kick ?
Nah that last pic with Bugs Bunny tho
Ultimo esfuerzo y descanso de neuronas!
- '''' 'Quimico Ultra Meqqa' En Mi Boc'
I have a serious love\/hate relationship with the internet
first time doing this and I can't stop smiling
I don't deal with childish well
All bullshit aside, I enjoyed Gone Home. Felt for the sister. Enjoyed learning about the dad. Threw around some toothbrushes. 10\/10
But who am I to judge how a nigga get his paper?
I think I'll just snort some edm today
Woe be unto me if I fail to obey The Word of God to me!
WHAT A NICE GOAL
Happy belated birthday hope your special day was memorable! Continue the great success!
\": The biggest battles of the summer: Mosquitos and the Heat\"
matt damon, get some1 ELSE to direct ur next flop, \"martian;\" ridley needs to keep his on the ball of prometheus2\/paradise &amp; blade runner!
The Yankees are so bad this year..
Also, Fun yet depressing fact, there's both a Chick-Fil-A and a Hobby Lobby within a 4 mile radius of my home. That's a problem.
I mean I'm slaving now but eventually I won't have to be
HUMP DE BUMP MERICA EAT OUR SHORTS PORTUGAL
Shot gunned a beer for the first time inny life
And that's where you fuck up every time
I don't think there is ever a time when I don't want a bagel
I had way to much fun at work this morning
They sell fireworks here but it's illegal to use them. It doesn't make sense
Besides the fight that broke out....good job El Toro!!!!!
Nothing I hate more than people who are all talk and no action
Somebody died everyday of edc EXCEPT the day played...coincidence i think not.
Im going to get hit by a car tonight lol.
So I just woke up from my nap&amp;had a craving for a pickle which there was only1left
Only time we dont fight is if were drunk or we highh
The amount of lesbians at the backstreet boys concert is shocking.
Niggas is calling me by my xbox live name
Bae never gonna know my feelings for her tbh
But then theres drake ily bae e
Getting pretty tired of my dad forgetting I exist when my sisters home
Pretty sure I just saw Ron dreschner on the subway
Girls are quick to say guys are terrible people but sometimes the girl is the biggest problem in the relationship
In the matter of 5 minuets I just became 5,500$ in debt. Gotta love college
Only I would realize I left my debit card at home as I go to get on the train....
2 scoops of preworkout = crack.
Parents wake us up in a panic to get tables at the club...get their 2 favorite
may or may not have just played zelda for five hours straight......
Vamos mis marineros!!!! Dale hon ron papi!!
Been about ya, still about ya..\nNo sent texts but that don't mean I forgot about ya.
Just took a 5 hour nap. It's safe to say I'll never be sleeping tonight.
Need to catch up on my and see what they had to say about the
Fuck my car
i'm a fucking walking paradox, no i'm not.
I feel bad for the best person who gets on my nerves. Because the chances of me choking you are extremely high. Don't say I didn't warn ya.
It's been a morning. Missing trains is not fun.
I totally keep forgetting about the kardashians and I just feel HORRID about it
When I get off work ima get a peesto because Mexico won
My Lego ship is having a cave in it.
Not losing to them this time
Thanks for the F Shack. Love Dirty Mike &amp; The boys
Boris kodjoe any day any time
\"Alligator\"\n\"Dog\"\nomg jai smh
I'm just so irritated right now.
Everyone go follow , they host great tourneys
If I lived with , I wouldn't make it to the kingdom of Heaven.
I've got to make it through the bad to get to the good
I wanna move outta state &amp; change everything so baaaad
bayview \": Thanks 4 follow n rt where do I drop 100$ rolls
Let's fucking go !!!
A new season of true blood premieres tonight and I cannot be any happier
Having work on 4th of July &lt;
I love how all my friends are here to support me through this.... Not
Lindsay Lohan actually isn't lookin too bad lately
Kick to the top of the weina.
\": oh god ur guna get a man tattooed in you by not me pssh\" wouldn't you get Marilyn Monroe on you?
This diet I'm starting today is going to be the death of me.
The Man should find his wife... There should be no such action being reciprocated.
So my radio just turned on by itself and a Jenni Rivera song was playing
THAT SHIT FIRE LOL
Glad I was invited
Only my dumbass would find some scissors while im lit &amp; start cutting my hair... Thank God my cousin caught me slippin
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!!!
Reminding everyone that while it's the 4th of July it's still Ramadan so keep that in mind (:
Up early gotta make some moves
And I'm mad as hell I ain't go to the gym ! Lmaooooo
Watching the replay of Mexico losing looks even better on the big screen
JONES. 1 1. Get the fuck in !
Do people break up with their bf\/gf for Ramadan to keep it 100? Lmao
If you wear anything chevron I can't take you seriously
Ya know how nuts the haters r? They once said they'd ____ Raff in the ______ (in prison). Those ppl have friended him now.
Let's go 1D family help Greece out
PP IS POPPING OFF OH MY GOD. MARTH IS AMAZING. 3-STOCKED MANGO!
I love hanging out with my dad!
Lebron already booking his flight to Cleveland
He hurt me so imma become a whore.
In order for you to get my respect, you better fucking earn it.
Sneijder just kicked an impressive field goal. Too bad this isn't American Football.
looks like I ain't goin to sleep no time soon
We already see your booty in your avi jair
I need to see more in you before I invest in you.
Sarajevo, grade moj njoj sam dao zivot svoj pozdravi mi majku staru lijepu Azru u beharu
Ive been listening to SOAD the whole day, my head really hurts
Hook now liner oh boy happy Monday bitches lol
How I got this female on my mind more than guys lmao
plot twist: you care about me just don't wanna show it off cause you care to much of what people gotta say
Prank call to wrong number \nAnd what's worse: the prank caller knows her name
Be still my bitter heart! is on Spotify.
I had fun at early born day party. Thanks
God damn that boy got karate kicked
This is hard to watch
the one time I can actually sleep in I'm wide awake
Bruh what joy you getting tho
Can I be back at Buff State already? Friday nights are NEVER dull.
Almost time to go home. Yes
Parker feelin it now, this games over fam
Bruh, bruh I speak that Bay Area tongue
Don't knock it till you try it
Don't worry ma, I'll always block your butt so you can fix your wedgie.
That shit never works in FIFA tho
32 seconds wow
opens Facebook back up for 4 seconds ..
we in the same picture but we all got different poses.
I always feel like an earthquake is gonna happen at night because of those days where there was one everyday.
Weed = Money
Too drunk to be promoting rn
How do I tell my Facebook friends that their daughter looks like a prostitute. What is with ultra low cut clothes!?
waiting for this sunburn to go away
I should be sleeping but I'm too excited to go to rehearsal tommorow
watching uan live tour then this is us was a stupid idea
one big room, full of fat pigeons
YAAA foundd hiss ig YAAA Now im lurrkinnn
CAN I ORDER CONFIDENCE ON AMAZON &amp; DO THE ONE DAY DELIVERY SHIPPING OPTION THX
There we go US!!!!
Nivel do campo. Show de bola
15 ; meaning behind my URL ; well Uhm it's my name . Idk I was younger at the time underscores were kinda yeah .. Lol
Not my top transformer movie but not too bad
Fuck. I went to eat Korean fried chicken in peace &amp; ended up w\/ rowdy Spurs fans who high-five after every bucket. That's a thing?
Loner status tonight. Y'all better play nice.
Although this has been a killer trip, im ready to be home
Gohd tyrese was really irritating tf outta me yesterday
Temptation movie ends so sad I swear
I want you to know your the only one
I've decided to not be a depressed bitch
Two strangers in front of me reading Eliyahu Goldratt's The Goal. Coincidence or perhaps this is a bestseller of some sort?
My dad told me girls only like guys who lift or are rich..
Lmao ah I can't
SARINA IS MEETIG H I M
Need a cute whiteboy in maaaa life
No one left for me to blame but myself cause I asked for this
haven't been on my phone the entire day and it feels great.
Kid asked me the other day if I have a friend with a dad that flies planes. I said \"My friend Coles dad flies planes.\" Coles dad is a pilot.
My entire house just erupted
Always in the hallways so I never been classy
I gotta get to white plains
really, really need a SZN emoji
God daimnnnn that goal was way to fast
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!!
Es una Vendicion Que Seas Mi Esposo
I can probably go see 22 jump street 17 times and it will never get old
GOOOL MESSI GOOOOOL!!!
no more Monroe for meeeee
Even though I don't know the kid , I just hope he gets better and he will defeat cancer !
- troopphy. to be who u are lol u a pretty down to earth person
When they make an alien zoo I'll start going to zoos.
We can buy our way out of jail but we can't buy freedom.
That was a beautiful save
praying for the day my high waisted shorts stop going completely up my ass:))
I'm gonna go watch the sunset at the beach and smoke a bowl and cleanse my soul
Vocabulary guide for Americans new to to the World Cup:\nGame =&gt; match\nField =&gt; pitch\nZero =&gt; nil\nTimeout =&gt; final whistle
Why jason, why I love my shirt. REPRESENT!
have yo tongue out and legs cocked open like Jordan.
Waterproof mascara is life
I just tweeted like 3 tweets ranting about a really good fanfic I read once and they disappeared! They're not even in my drafts-.-
Walking around New York City today and loving the weekday sites and sounds.
this game I invented is so much fun
I need love &amp; affection (future voice)
Pharrell looks like he doesn't want to be interviewed by anyone right now body language is everything
Getting a jermaine jones jersey ASAP
It just sucks I wasted a lot of time growing them out to make them fuller and bigger and it all went to hell after I started plucking
I need a Supra in my life
WHAT JUST HAPPENED.
I can't wait to have my own office so I can play my music
Got a smile that will hold you together, and a touch that will tear you apart
I know your wife and she wouldn't mind
Had an incredible meet with the helpful and beautiful music lover ! Love her and her lovely intelligent bald head! :))))
I love watching films, some of them are real fun to watch,
I've got the world on a string and sitting on a rainbow
If you don't take the time to look @ the stars now &amp; then &amp; realize just how lucky you are to exist then you should start. Immediately.
Want: to go spend my money on pointless American shit.\nDon't Want: to move from this cocoon I've built myself.
Fastest goal ever!
I LOVE when my parents make up excuses to get mad at me.
I hate when he makes arrangements without asking me yet I am in the room with him.
You Creepin You Need To Book A Flight
Quote of the day: \"you guys good for weed?\"
I wonder of god hear the cries of a lifer
I know you have your phone so ok
Insults softened with compliments are still insults.
Three hours later my body has been pumped full of nuclear medicine my organs are glowing and I feel like I was hit by a train.
Anyone else noticing that is loading far fewer articles than before? Used to be a great reader.
Tupac taught the black community to not trust cops smh -_- smh
funny how much you can learn about someone just from their social media.
Money ain't shit when it's wealth next to it, wealth ain't shit if health ain't next to it
KRHV 260053Z 31015KT 10SM BKN120 23\/14 A2997
And thinks Ronaldo is the best in the world
Bettman is getting booed like crazy haahahahah
Met a rad queer south Asian on my commute it was incredible
Who wants to see the weeknd and schoolboy Q?
I wanna wake up where you are
if you can't show what you say , your words don't mean a thing !
your life's short, don't ever question the length, it's cool to cry, don't ever question your strength
So banquet was fun. Loved the pelvic thrusting I witnessed.
\"Date someone who gives you the same feeling of when you see your food coming at a restaurant\"-a genius
Damn...tuned in 3 minutes late and missed the USA goal!!
Still probably gonna be up Before 8 ..
Another thing I'll miss about home: late summer night wawa runs. Nothing compares!
I'm tired as fuck .. Who wants to put a nigga to sleep
I am not cut out for this, who said I was good enough for a solo nOPE
If you fold the bills of our currency into airplanes they show the twin towers falling
Lmao store try to sell me the yeezy foamposites for 590 lmaoo
b choosing a favorite song for any artist is so difficult to me
I am insanely blessed. Thank you Lord so much for everything and everybody!
Remind me why I'm following you again.
ONLY WHEN YOU ARE OUT TO PLEASE MEN, IT WILL BOTHER YOU IF THEY REJECT YOU..WHEN YOU ARE DOING IT FOR GOD..YOU ONLY CARE ABOUT LIVING GLORY
This game is killing me
I'm just tryna read this flames manga, let me enjoy myself
WOW THIS IS MANU'S GAME NOW
Wait out my Yung boy Julian Green in \n\nHe need it
There's nobody in this entire room, first one here so I pick the back left to set up... And of course the next 6 people surround me
If I wasn't in 2 shows right now i'd pack up my stuff and disappear.
Kendall is 16...I'm 16... I mean what else do we need to have in common?
I better live in the city when I'm older
\": I just want to somebody actually worth my time\"
Rest in Peace to my twitter lol
As much as I want mac miller to become huge I dont want him to become a sell out
Ticos vamos ticos si se puede vamossss
In 2 weeks NYC here I come
yesssssss last rt
I don't think you're beautiful I think you're beyond it
I just really wanna get tickets to Beautiful for my mom bc I know she really wants to see it, but it doesn'T SEEM like they're doing rush
Showed my mom a video of Life in Color and she started shivering .......
I come back Thursday can't wait to prove to these people that didn't believe in me wrong
Mobile and tablet multi-tasking has a long way to go before I completely replace my laptop.
Happy Fourth ya'll! try to make it tomorrow with all 10 fingers
Me gustaria que te vieras desde mi perspectiva.
It was never that deep for him to be on a stretcher
You're an immature selfish brat. And a piece of sh*t.
Everyone's make up is horrible
I play much better when on stream because I am attention whore
That's the Main thing as I what taught by the Great Always finish what you start. Spec Pilots,screenplays or Books. Finish!!!!
Some friends are worth having
Make my night and send me nudes on snapchat @ grethelortega97
I'm still burnt as fuck about my screen
On this I want to declare my from fans. Let's get back to pre-1994 levels.
OKAY where is I literally snapped him like 50000 times!
Darling I, Will be loving you till we're 70
Someone smoke a blunt with thy
The safest anarchy ever! MT pedestrians &amp; cyclists will determine Googlecars cannot crash into them - rendering them useless.
What I had to suffer &amp; go through my senior year will forever just leave a scar &amp; when I look back just feel uncomfortable
To everyone's Soccer tweet right now, I say \"that's what she said.\"
These deam park geese are evil as fuck
Canal St Q\/J\/4\/5 hands down the most confusing station. There's some house of leaves shit going on there
Cuz last time we had the DJ he stole some of the raffle prize money and the person who won was our neighbor
JACOB POST THE FUCKING PHOTO ON IG ROGHT BOW
The knicks next move determines if Melo stays or not , I Got faith Phil gon make a Power move lol
Faith - Kdot &gt; this song really crazy bruh
Take me back to fire island with my friends
why are you so hot dude
THAT WAS FUCKING BRILLIANT I LOVE THIS TEAM
Sounded like someone was opening my garage lol
Just talked on the phone with Tina for an hour &amp; 17 min bc I have separation anxiety since she's no longer 2 ft away from me at all times
Everyone should watch X-Men for: 1. the impeccably suspenseful storyline 2. the effects 3. the ridiculously attractive cast
I know I'm probably in the majority here but I'd love Evan turner here on the cheap to be a backup ball handler.
12 o'clock World Cup games are my wake up call
Why do we tend to overthink things when we know we shouldn't .
I don't understand why some girls can't get a good eyebrow wax..shit be looking rough
okay so nobody wants to hang out\n\nguess I'll go to coldstone alone
Where something alcohol related to orientation tomorrow so they know we're for real
Is it crazy that I want you to stay \nWhen I tell you to leave\nWhen I tell you go\nIs it crazy that I say your name \nMore times a day
TOP FLIGHT SECURITY OF THE WORLD CRAIG
To the lady driving a late 90's Ford Explorer rollover special with the app open on your windshield but hiding the mustache: Mad props
I WANT TO BUY A NEW CAMERA. AHHHHH\n\nDONT DO IT KENNEDI
Argentina got it
\": Oomf need to just let me hit already lol\" @@@
Just goin to go home and pass out so shot
Every path is different, and every destination is not the same.
Lets go \nLets go
The ingenuity shown by the youth of the internet in figuring out the top 20 spoilers this year really gives me hope for the future.
Every fandom should have at least one big main fan account
Life of the party is amazing!! so proud of you
I have a top 5 curve of all time
Simple sensational strike!!!! Lol
I didnt take no fucking pictures last night except srunk selfies and that shit is all bad
i miss you more than I let on
Completely rattled after that power nap turned into a 4 hour slumber
There are no good\/well written ff stories of Gail and Holly and that makes me sad.
Senior prank: I expose every guy in my grade and then some
Dudeeee he's the one on my ask about all the pantyhose and foot fetish things
\"she fucked his best friend\"\n\"good for her i would do the same thing\"\n\"you have done that...\"\n\"oh right...\"
Why bother asking me if I want food if you're going to give it to me anyway.
smh Deer just ran in front of us on the thruway we aint die or get hurt tho\n
I woke up and today was just like any other Monday. And then I heard about and .
Don't fuck with wondoloski
Watching Cheetah Girls 2 with my cheetah from pre k
YESSSSS!! GOAL BITCHES!!!
I'm like a child who belongs to no one.
oop\ni have a secret crush on joey badass
World Cup is on at my party so yeah it's a banger
So is 40+ and doesn't work other than this SW Closet thing? People work and go to school
Why they only let us listen to Alicia keys junior for 26 seconds? Disrespectful
overheard on the train: \"how was this made in China if there's no sun in China?\"
Definition of BUSSNET.
Well that was quick!!!!!!
I'm being ratchet. Lol I need to turn down.
My dad just yelled at me for picking at my split ends......k
this evening I am sad
I'm up to 31 Bing points. New high score! IN THE WORLD
Nothing worth having comes easy
If Pharrel dies, he's gon' be remembered for his hat
\": The plural, gender-neutral term for \"nieces and nephews\" is \"niglings\"\"
I cannot stay in this house for another year! Wtf...
my mom brings company home sometimes and I'm just chillen on the couch with no pants on and it's just like the most awkward thing ever
Warm public toilet seats are the worst.
Pistachio ice cream from jumpin jacks is actually the best thing ever
Oh nah her last tweet was wild
The fake celebrity accounts piss me off like it's not that hard to say fan group instead u try to steal their identity which is messed up
\": Basically all girls want is for a guy to play with our hair and give us their hoodies.\"
\"No me duelen los actos de la gente mala, me duele la indiferencia de la gente buena.\" - M L King
People stay tryna get with somebody who has somebody or don't want anything to do with them.. But that's none of my business
Never realized how much my brother has watched out for me and and took care of me over the years. Couldn't have asked for a better brother
Red Velvet Cake ice cream is probably most delicious, god-like (but oh so sinful!) things I've ever eaten. Seriously. Get some
Waking up at 1:30am tmr to do tend to some donkeys..
PARTYING ALONE IN NY CITY
Going 2 take selfie w\/ Hillary 2morrow after we watch this
I've scientifically determined that I'm most productive while listening to . Brings me right back to January\/Thurston, 63135.
Soooo obsessed with X..didn't think I would like the new vibe, but it still sounds so good ahhh
I still haven't officially unpacked everything from school.....
I don't ever consider my self \"hollywood\" I just don't like talking to nobody
Some people deserve my crazy shit...
On my way to AT&amp;T Park and to watch the home debut of Joe Panik!!
Getting hella hair style ideas from Ghana
Been working so damn hard lately and been partying so damn hard I need to take a break from one
Mag probably live as shit rn lol
Who wants to take me to the FREE OF concert tomorrow?!
Best day ever just became the worst day of my life. I give up. I guess 8 months of planning and hundreds of dollars don't make a difference
Working security is such easy money I love it.
We learn something from everyone who passes through our lives, some lessons are painful, some are painless, but all are priceless!
This bus driver is going off cause the fat lady had a bike hahah
Lornis blows mine left and right
It might be slow for decorating my hat
Haven't felt like this inna while ...
As I novelize this am, I wondering whether the body in before page 3 is good 2 have in non-crime stories.
I hate being parent less and broke.
Was there more need to be said :\/ \": that's it? RT \": Well take yo monkey ass to sleep \"
Tomorrow is just another day fr me. Nothing serious,
Y yo te amo a tiii, yo te quiero a tiiiiiiiiiii
Trey Songz don't know what he started with that one lmfao
Whoever lives on Herman Way is about to get TOWED.
Should be in bed but got caught up Watching about the Duran \/ Leonard boxing fights in the 80s....
I wish my mom was with me im stressed.
I wish I could meow at people on the street and still be cute..
Watching orange is the new black with my niece lol
Watching Martin feels like peering into a time capsule.
there are legit people making out in the pouring rain outside dunkin donuts.....this isn't the notebook
My biggest concern is someone getting sick - especially when we're not close to treatment (kidney stones on cruise!)
it makes me feel better and makes me feel like im not alone
It's official I know all the words to fancy
all I want in life is a couple Instagram likes
True Blood is taking advantage of it being Pride Day for sure
Ghana was still sleeping lol
I could put on an entire bottle of sunscreen and I would still get burned
Watch him block me for following him smh
Watched the lego movie and now rewatching it with commentary
Who slices their foot open walking. Up the stairs
Unas piensan que son muy gordas, otras piensan que son muy flacas.... \nYo no se nada..
Im just trying to smoke. Like right mutha fuckn now. Sigh
No a ver en serio Yurena es una chica adorable , asi que dejad de tratarla asi
Finally off. Picked up 2 hours of overtime today
Congrats to the class of 2014!
I think Christian devito could've taken a better shot than Ronaldo just did
It's impossible to eat corn on the cob and not look like a filthy animal
The American flag is the best damn looking flag in the whole world.
Exhausted doesn't even cover it
It doesn't feel real that I'm done. I'm leaving all of these people behind ....I'm scared and I'm sad . It's unreal
to be completely honest, I can't stand texting. Just freaking call me, shit.
I'm not a morning or night person I think im nocturnal
Just completed a 5.09 km Run in 05:38 \/km
Whoever put feta cheese on my pasta salad should be shot. Who'd want to eat something that smells like vomit?
Ziggie is so excited I'm home she can't breath
If you can drive come pick me up.
These hoes really ain't loyal bruh
Did you (so called prophets) not see a vain vision and speak a lying divination? Yet you say, THE LORD declares, though I have not spoken.
pet peeve: getting snap chats that are also in a persons mystory
At least 15 decisions have gone against our Con Law POTUS, 13 of which were 9-0. Nice work Mr. Obama.
Aye but now I know. Now watch me do me.
I got my masters degree in hoeology
Alli is forcing me beyond my will to do dabs
Dying the tips of my hair any day now
Alright 3am seriously need to sleep goodnight
Got too much pride for my own good right now
Had an amazing weekend with in ! Now I need to catch up, what did I miss???
I fell in love with Bryan and Olivia!!
To God Be The Glory for ALL the things He has done! I'm contending for the faith!
Jack Bauer is literally
The French flag really should just be all white
I'm really in no mood to associate customers today .. I want my bed
Matt Cain, we love you. We don't call you the Horse for nothing. But it's the 6th inning, we're losing 3-0. Who's tonight's relief pitcher?
Costa Rica's goalie is on of the best of the tournament by far
Good god what a strike jones
Think of all the eirs and ceqas we don't need to produce...some attention could go to this water situation
Y don't you scroll down your TL you dumb bop, you got roasted a while back lol
WELP, farewell jozy.
not only is ll cool j sexy , buh , he's ah man w|. class.
The booking for is crazy this month!!!
Sonnn I CANNOT wait for the USA-Portugal game Sunday. Shit is about to be too real..
At least they don't have to run any more.
How crazy I can't believe I really found that.
My bestie knows how to keep me around at her job....by feeding me cheese fries
can i just have 5\/5 of the janoskians already
Absolutely disgusted in some peoples actions. Grow the fuck up.
CLINT DEMPSY GOALLLLLL
\": I don't feel the need to explain myself\"
honestly I don't lock my car because social experiment
Born to die is still a great fucking song
Jermaine Jones is too saucy
So at work today a girl and guy came in all dressed up after there prom. Came to half apps. And as I'm Leavin I see them fuckin in their car
THE GHANAIAN WITCH DOCTOR IS CUT!! THE GHANAIAN WITCH DOCTOR IS CUT!!
\": I know people say its not about looks ... but yes, yes it is\"
Con andrea e vivido los mejores momentos
Well top of pubic area.I CNT POST A DICK ON TWITTER. what if my mom sees.
Sex is a grown game, ain't nothin wrong widdit. Just don't broadcast ya partners cuz thas childish af.
E urrej njerz qe kon qeff me ta gjet gabimet a per veti si Kqyr
I will never understand people who bring shopping bags on flights. NEVER!
Currently on my 6th straight episode of Greys Anatomy lol
I am so over she stay having temper tantrums she can say what the hell she wanna say but can't hear shit
Funk me inspira pra querer conversar
The amount of rage one can consume before it all turns into fumes and explodes
Why is Tatyana Ali naked on my TL? When did she get this thirsty for attention?
Try &amp; come at lebron its pointless cause he did all he can
Watching the heat getting out played is just great
dad's attempting to train the dogs right now.... ya good luck.
You are free to choose, but you are not free from the consequences of your choice!
I fuck with Ginobolli so hard
Just driving around hahaha some new license shit
My Twitter Circle? Weird Divas Who Care About The Look
Just renewed my annual membership! Yay for Open Source Hardware!
I have a problem withy saving pictures..
Jet packs are cool but what's not cool are those flame proof calf guards you're gonna need to invest in to fly that bad boy around
I listen to any music except country
Did u just really question my level of swag?
Jessica Bowen is so hot. I'm done
These hoes keep callin ain't pickin up
So when we grow old are our kids going to be able to view our tweets? If so i'm deleting my Twitter ASAP Rocky
I like a girl who doesn't give away everything about herself on social media, I want a little mystery
If I need a course syllabus for your dance your playing games
Well that was fucking quick lol
Jason Kidd to become the new head coach of the Milwaukee Bucks. The Brooklyn Nets get 2 draft picks as compensation
those days wear you can go braless are good days
I hope no one comes to Starbucks tonight, but if you do... Bring me food
Happy birthday to the beautiful queen
Lmao your about loyalty? Haha. One of the slimiest people I've ever had the displeasure of knowing.
bruh the fate of your team is on you, I would die
My Voice is Almost Back Yaaass!
Apple IOS 8 is going to be insane!
just kicked the soccer ball 3 yards away on a diagonal into a tire swing. world cup what
went hard on that crowd :D\n
Ya me voy a dormir . First time falling asleep before 4 in foreverrrrr
How did I get an 84 on the physics regents
Yuck I feel grosssss
If your the person to say taking a bath is sitting in your own dirt then fuck you because I'm not covered in sut like you chimney sweep
Tip of the day; do not bet $150,000 in the stock market of you have shitty internet connection.
And after screwing around with 5 hours of delays has canceled my flight. Absolute clowns.
The Portuguese team is playing like they're fucking white girl wasted now.
love how medicines have more side effects than benefits on their commercials. it amuses me.
Did winner the prize teach all the wrong lessons to those who won it? And did it pull them away from other promising approaches?
I'm sorry that I don't care for your bitch ass attitude. Get real
Fuck All That Othaa Shit Y'all Hoes Be Rappin ' Bout
SNIPED!!! Oh wow, what a goal!
I don't know why I always feel so sad.
So nobodys down to go in the jacuzzi?:\/:
Playing BSG through a board game simulator with people from twitter.\n\nPushing the limits of my nerdery here. &lt;3
If you've never heard Jenna Marbles's mash-up at the end of her song, \"Boyfriends\", then you haven't lived.
madami nang buraot sa buhay ko, di ko na kailangan magdagdag pa .
\"Take up your pen to write...that is how you'll change things.\" Simobe de Beauvoir
What an incredible honor to spend tonight in the presence of Edward Snowden's messenger
Florida is a dump compared to this
Hype for vs
I just get so focused on fixing the issue right away because I don't like to feel sad or angry.
Some people are just cold hearted. Fu*k it
take a hintttt
What a great goal. Boom
Fuck u and u and u
Completely shocked. I thought Miami would bring the Heat at least for just tonight.
Nigga was sleepwalking last night
The last thing I need is someone to come in and complicate my life.
I like older guys, 18-22 lol
Fuck that manzanilla shit got me hella drowsy now fuhhhh
\"things are not going as I wished, Timmy turner must not want to share his fish\"
If I can make it into grandma's at 4 am im pretty much Superman
Why these bitches up though .. Sit yo ass down
\": Another night staying up this late for one person\" Love You Too
The ability to breathe through your nose is underrated.
Hoping my everything bagel PEC SPK with a side of yoohoo is ready and waiting for me on Saturday
The cops must b scared of them goultown niggas lol
Lovely night, healthy dinner, puzzle, and enormous glass of red after productive day. Nice work, TriBeCa.
Take off that Dan hst Pharrell.
I am the X factor on my team we won tonight 57 to 28
Tbh I think Wicked will forever be my favorite
im guessing the USA scored
The less u know the better
Jinx, you owe me a soda
even all my discourse abt sex and western sexual politics plays right back into its power
Can't wait to dye my hair and do something different with my look
Men can't help it. They're weak.
might as well continue drinking
Everything's all fun and games until you wake up and have to go to work the next day.
Keep on doin it bro. Your just digging your own grave.
The Office is a great show
Nigga hopped out our limo like Oscar from the proud family lmfao I'll never stop calling him that ever
WE'RE GONNA WIN BY 60
.day 677 for me. Lots of respect for you, even more so after today
I don't even know if I want to go anymore
As much as I hate Bart, it's still better than Muni
Wow can't believe my childhood friend is going to be expecting a baby!! Crazy but a blessing, I wish him nd girlfriend nothing but the best
Thinking about the ending to the 4th Harry Potter movie is making my heart race, I need to get out more
I hate when I'm stressed out and people annoy me
I better end up going out tonight (:
Two poppin ass games today, Germany vs France and Brazil vs Colombia
Kosmetikk taler for tiggerforbud - Ytringsfrihet og menneskeverd taler mot
Independence Day: USA 2, England 0.
Ghana Is A Good Team
she's so cute :-) \nshe just don't know!!!
Put the cake away.
People need to stay out of other peoples lives
Jk chris is the homie for always hooking it up with the charger c:
Why white people always talk about dicks
the fact that I'm closing two more times this week&lt;&lt;
Carlos Pena strikes out swinging and Joe Nathan picks up the save. The baseball world is finally back to normal.
Now can we fall in love while southernplayalistic banging through the night
I would do anything to go to davis right noww
This is so damn awkward why do we have to be at the same place.
its been years since i did a track wit we over due Bro lol
I wish I could record some of mine and Anthony's conversations were so fucking funny
I feel like a rapper rn.
The guy that just drove past my house driving an all white buggy definitely pulls so many bitches
El libro del Rubius sale el 1 de julio y no tengo NADA de plata.......AYUDA!
My computer sucks!
Whyyyyyy cuz they lovin the crewwwww
anybody know a good place to get my nose pierced
72 we've played ball before and you're pretty good hit me up so we can play at lifestyles this week
Forever wishing I was as perfect as megan fox
Why get a gym membership when I can just put on a fitted sheet on my bed by myself?
I need a Karrueche shirt asap. That's my wife.
how you gon bang a set , you not even from. BAAAH GINNA !
' you keep going back to the same people , but without them u have no 1 '
Good Morning, hope everyone has a blessed day
ALL THIS JUST BECAUSE I WOULDNT WANT SAND IN MY SUSHI... SORRY I HAVE OPINIONS Be annoying elsewhere
I think it's gonna be a special night for the USA.
Only at home can i eat ice cream at 11 am
I don't have a fav team yet tho I'll pick one next season.
acho que to sozinha em cas
\"hey do you guys need any weed\" -guys on the streets of San Francisco
Don't fall in love with the most beautiful girl in the world. Fall in love with the girl that makes the world most beautiful.
Whenever I put my headphones in my ears &amp; blast them I'm purposely trying to ignore you so unless it's urgent please don't try &amp; speak to me
I want to have my own talk show.....&amp; I will.
Can't believe the day is finally here. Italy, here I come. I hope you're ready for this.
Love doing deeds, lady did laundry shopping cart &amp; all, no elevator, offered assistance; 5th flo delivery \/7
Get some rest ! Miss you
No one needs make up, you're insecure if you think you do.
I'm bored as shit and bae isn't replying wtf
John Smith is my on a Friday
When you haven't felt that feeling in a long time. Start to wonder if you'll ever feel it again
I'm Going to eat a hot pocket.... All I ate was a western bacon burger....
The worst is babysitting and not knowing their wifi password
Deadass now I have no hope in humanity itself
At the end of the day I ALWAYS regret not going with you.
SPURS IS ON HOT
I have my reasons.. We all do
I love learning Italian. But I'm wondering if I should master the Spanish language first.
You will be greeted by a clown.
Red hair: check.\nSnow white skin: check.\nIf only my eyes were blue instead of green....
So freaking bored
[stops having sex half way through] sorry i thought you were zayn malik [gets dressed] [leaves]
Dempsey dicked it in
that wasn't . it was a wonderful moment
She's so beautiful I don't understand why someone would ever cheat on someone like that
Would you rather me be bashful or be a asshole it dont matter tho cause which ever one you choose you'll still see my cash flow
I'm so sunburnt it's literally making me laugh
I've been on Tumblr since 10 am. Jesus....
You know your a cunt when even I have to stop being friends with you
I really like listening to creepypasta stories on YouTube, its honestly a problem
I hope I get arrested for underage drinking and trespassing tonight just so I don't have to work 9-7 tomorrow
tropical ginger ale is disgusting
Less than 24 hours until America
Lmao this is going to be hilarious come Sunday b
this girl on cops has hella Xanax in her sock
Things take a course of its own
Tomorrow I leave for the beach again
&lt;Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank&gt; Daniel 1:8
Go for someone who is proud to have you.
The real struggle is when you tell yourself you have to part with some Tshirts and you just can't.
Can't wait for in Concord, CA. It's been 4 months since I've seen That's too long
Advice of the day: don't go back to the past \n\nYou're welcome
The little person that Looks up to you with their beautiful eyes &amp; smile can make the mood change
Would Yall Give Him A Break...Damn
\": clearly likee sorry\" do you papa
Thank god I didn't do project graduation, I'm already half asleep lol
Yikes that's a hammy.... damn. I wouldn't wish that on anyone
Listen! is my favorite meme EVER!!!!!
Great day of baseball for our an Lincecum no Hitter least hope Giants play better from now on goodnight
At the nas and chapelle show..such and eclectic crowd!
I'm working five shifts in three days July fourth weekend...do it for ny
Gracias ticos!!!!! Blatter, su fifa y su sociedad se la van a chupar a Costa Rica! Pura vida hijos de puta!
Excuse me you can sit next to me
i was really confused bc on the way there she told me that i'm the only one that's nice to her
Fix my eyes, follow in Your ways.
People be putting long ass paragraphs saying Happy Father's Day on IG, better be saying the same thing to them in person. Smh
Just hired our 10th colleague at OpenDoor!
I wanna talk to you but I feel like you're not interested anyways
Wtffff is going on tonight. I need do get drunk
Common Ubisoft fix all these glitches in watch_dogs already!
Why am I not tired . .
Your an absolute savage if you get sprite as the soda for your ice cream float
A couple niggas hatin but fuckit ya gotta love it
Brought nothing but my phone and a pencil
Apparently you think you are cool now....
Good news everyone. He's not dead. But he's of course in France fucking some random
Bouto get my birthday shoes already
Every dad a heat fan LMAO
The gazebo is my favorite place to get mangled
I'm not even sure how to celebrate the Fourth of July
Despite my eardrum today was a decent day
Gettin ready for this ice challenge....n it's freezing outside!
t minus four hours until I'm boarding my flight to
I hate when bad memories ruin good music
I think I may be too addicted to The Office.
my tl never updates on its own
GOALLLLLLLLL!!!!!! GOL GOL GOL GOL GOL
Listen to this new album playing 2K. Sounding good so far.
I get on Facebook and it's like I'm back in Ohio.
Everything bagels r life
How to see what a person is about there convo topics ......Great minds:ideas average minds:events small minds:people
THIS CANT BE REAL!!! CLINT DEMPSEY!!! Zusi gets credit though!!!
How ironic I'm in the hospital and watching Grey's anatomy. &amp; every time a nurse\/doctor come in they compliment my choice and watch it w\/ me
GOAL! Hope to hear a lot of that!!!
But one time don't change everything
It's always your favorite sins that do you in
Having to wait till Saturday to get a haircut &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; &lt;
Who wants to help me paint my room in a week lol
I hate how ppl come to u with stuff they heard and if you deny it they're like \"you're lying\" like ?????
it's 1am why am i on my laptop?\n\nto change my username owo
Refs suck balls I swear to god
Floja saquiada me iban a dar si me seguia riendo jajajaja
Let's stick up the world &amp; split it 50\/50
We were so excited about our fried chicken party that we forgot to read the instructions that said that we need brine it for 8 hours.
OH: \"kickstarter is basically a socially-acceptable way to ask your friends for money\"
BEEN SITTING IN AN EMPTY HOUSE AND WATCHING TV FOR THE LAST LIKE 7 HOURS HA HA HA
I'm literally not doing anything while the new hire is just making juices and shit. LOL wat.
Getting home and seeing that Seamus loves me&gt;
Life can be anything you want it to be, but you're the one who can make it happen the way you want.
Welcome to The Dead Boys Club.
Leo just crossed the line
I just realized that I cannot make it very long without thinking about sex
lmfao I can say what I want.
Previse smo mladi da bi bili ovoliko sjebani.
Geez Dylan. You slept w more than 20 women and you don't wash your hands after you pee? So you're like every other guy?
Is someone getting the best of you .. Are you gone &amp; on to someone new
chris rock look bettah as he got older .
I hate when people with my money.
i feel you pretty baby, feel me.
You can't just not text back when your having a full on conversation.... Helloooo
Lmfaooo \": Ppl be putting everything in their bio all thats missing is their apt number\"
Suits n ties dress code parties &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Oomf never texted me back. Oh ok lol
JONEEEEESSSSS FUCK YES
On the hunt for a personal trainer in Vegas. I'm gonna miss my current one so much
On the bright side I gained more freckles
Lol uh huh for sure im coming out tomorrow if it don't rain
Aww pretty boy choked
ok legit the breaks happen every thirty seconds what even
Said I needed a drink .. So my cousin gave me a shot of whiskey.. I hate whiskey but right now anything will do.
Well that's what I fucking get for actually liking someone for once. It's always one sided. I like them or they like me. Never both.
the \"news\" its all old to me\n\nall the same old stuff\n\nthen why is it called the \"news\"?\n\nit is because they trying to control mind\n\n:\/
I hate when there's nothing to watch on t.v.
And then Leslie walks off into the sunset, never to be seen again.
Everybody saw that guy who looks like Matt Saracen right that's not just me
I try to stop myself from tweeting \"you deserve...\" because well, not everyone deserves everything
Why can they just open the damn pistachios at the factory
qe nja 2 muj e di qe sot e kom maturen, mos t'thom ma shum, prap rrypin n'diten e fundit me ble, shqiptar tipik.
Id like one foot rub please. Thank you
I appreciate the system, but unless the missing person is at my workplace, there isn't much I can do.
Idk I'm jus tryna get someone to scratch my back for me till I fall asleep
Feel like transformers is gonna be weak but I'll still watch it doe!
Seth Rollins: 6-5 unknown in ladder matches it'll be tough to catch up to the others
People complain about Netflix having shitty movies but you have to know how to search through it. Netflix is a fragile baby
Is there a reset button anywhere so I can start over
But I really really doubt you understand my life is easy when I ain't around you...
The Evolution of Sean in one act: \nSean (reading) \"Chris Christie attends ground breaking ceremony.\"
Also wtf why are so many people up so damn late? Like it's literally everybody though
shawn is going to be the next bieber
Tommy just casually fell asleep behind the wheel at the red light ... Help me
That feeling after taking your heels off &gt;&gt;&gt;
Timmy Duncan getting that 5th ring tonight
Yay for upper lip sweating the minute I get out of the door.
I really don't know what to do anymore!!
\": yes 10\/10 would not recommend\" wait so that's a \"yes\" I've done it? Or yes, I agree with those who say don't do it?
Embarrassed to be a heat fan ugh
bae you got way TOO many fake Facebook pages
You hold a gun like a bitch
Why am i up if gotta wake up early
i LUUUUHV niall horaaan. wid his blond hair and blu eyezz he make me do diz *poses fiercely*
Five bucks and I say tinashe won't be around next year
Getting out of work is the best especially since it was slow
COULD NOT BE PROUDER. THAT GOALIE DIDNT EVEN FLINCH
What's with all these dudes after me lately?
No but seriously guys I need a Toyota, you have no idea how serious I am
We hunt together &amp; wait for no one.
I pissed off my mom but this is the only way il make her understand that I'm not a child anymore. I can make my own decisions.
Lebranon tried to be like Jordan but failed sorry bruh
I feel like I missed out on a lot OTL
GOALLLLLLL!! Equalizer !!!!! !!!!
I deleted someone's contact yesterday &amp; I talked to them today, but their number won't be saved in my phone lol.
Finally watching my teen wolf no one talk to me for an hour
Can't say enough in praise of . He gave an extraordinary talk about Music &amp; Life at the Music Camp. Inspiring. Honest. Open.
Ricky bobby would of been there 3 hrs ago
im no pussy
\"Shut it down!\"
Twitter keeps telling me I have notifications and I don't
why i'm not in washington heights watching the bet awards :-\/
Sarah's literally texting her mom in the same house
go w aron!
Filling out this app to where my uncle work at
Star wars or Star trek?
Who can give us a ride to this party
Our HR all hands is at 9AM tmrw while the rest of the working US will probably be violating HR policy by watching at work. Lol
I be really thinkin in a rapper
i like the bay less and less everyday
Happy birthday to an amazing individual hope u have many more!
Thanks for the support . I look forward to watching your brand flourish, as well! Keep up the great work!
I'm so hungover and it's like 9 at night
I'm 22 years old and still hoping my mom bought my presents in the city today
Keep on talkin that gangsta stuff somebody gone kick ya ass
Syds mad cause I twerked on her and spilled her milk sorry bae
Happy Father's Day, Mom.
ugh I luv animals I can't even
All this rain is crampin on my festivities
You've got to be fucking kidding....
\": are you happy with who you really are ?\"
Housecleaning with but I'm distracted every time I walk by my screen-- I want to fix their content and social!
Hype for the game tmr morning
When will you realize, baby you're not like the rest?
I have to fill out paper work but I'm so lazy!
then I realized I had just shot the person that I hold most dear to my heart. I began to cry my eyes out and prayed to God to bring her back
\": \": Just because I let you go, doesn't mean I wanted to.\"\"
Atoms\/everyone's solo efforts are great. But I want new Radiohead and I want it now.
Maldito seaa el que haya puesto esos anuncios que salen en Youtube -.-
. Exijimos nuestros votos por Camara de representantes Colombianos En El Exterior Senado
I could delete all my apps except twitter
That was arguably my realest tweet
And you said what you felt was real... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA \nI'm stupid
knocked 's hot dog eating contest off . Priorities people!
It's been dead over but still FUCK LAC (:
Your Eyebrows can really make you or break you
Who Ever Had Sex In Public ?
That freestylin shit is played out in my opinion. Get an original beat and try to make a hit.
Sign that I've given up on fresh, natural, and healthy breakfast snacks: I just bought some pop tarts.
The real struggle is wanting to eat after you brush your teeth
WATCH MY SNAPCHAT STORY TO HEAR ME CRY AND BREATHE HEAVILY TO ATMOSPHERE ON CONAN
Luke is making his mom cry for fun
Now that this series is over y'all gotta chill with the Lebron\/Jordan comparisons
And we lost. Thanks Kendrick once again
When you least expect they hit you up.
my phone gonna be dry for awhile i know it.
Babysitting my high school gym teachers kids rn &amp; were watching the Lego movie...I'm kinda loving it
Love watching my mom sing to James Taylor ... Reminiscing about the rhs class of '71
Two packages coming in from the UK.
That's why he's the best in the world\n
pharrell can have my babies too
Can not wait for this day to end.
Niggas be stuck on they ex.. Damn shame
Thank you for hosting tonight's NMBC event! is so pleased to be here!
I had to mute Raquel last night lol
When will you realize, baby you're not like the rest.
Writing some pieces from and watching Garden State tonight. Not a bad way to spend
disclosure ft me eating hummus with index finger
Just as long as you get crazy and just as soon as you get naked maaaaakkkkiiiiinnnggggg looooooooovvvvveeeeee!
The yellow umbrella will always be better than the blue French horn. I'm sorry.
I assume I'm being judged all the time . It's fine . I'm cool with it . I like constructive criticism.
And then shopping at Marshalls because I have a gift card lol
Don't spell my name went if you follow me on social medias.
Partner\/Sow TODAY to further this ministry and to take Revival all over the land. Go Now .com and Partner TODAY.
Don't wanna go back to the reality
I really crack myself up with the stuff I tell people sometimes lmao
So exhausted! All I want to do is sleep. Wake me up on Monday morning for summer day camp!
Were the fuck the group group
All u ginobli haters from last year better show respect
Captain America doesn't feel the pain of broken bones
I'm thirsty as a guy and your a thot as a woman that dog gone rap music ..smh
Who's your caddy? Is my fucking movie lol
My own private research has concluded that the uglier the Asian the worse the manicure is. The attractive ones are the best bc they care
What just happened to my twitter format
Anyways about to watch Olivia pope do some work!
Shoutout and thank you to . He's the man.
US starting strong, let's go boys!!!
Damn there are so many bandwagon MUTHAFUKAS yo. They change teams like a trick hahaha
Gosh I wish I didn't have to wake up at 7:30. Really such a shame
Happy G-Day to my bro ! Enjoy my nigga , 100KeepIt
My summer is officially fucked up knowing I'm not doing nothing academic.
I'm not trying to be your Superman.
so i just meditate at the home in pompeii about how i can build a new rome in one day
Most of y'all probably up thinking about sex and love I'm up thinking about dipping some fries in some sweet and sour sauce.
I'm in a really bad place in my life and I didn't post the details on Facebook. Am I a unicorn?
\"Every time I ignored my Spidey Sense, I lost my capital\" lessons learned in a decade of early stage investing
But if I wash it everyday It won't grow
All you can eat sushi for dinner?
Dating now, all is well
If you come with drama or stress me out then I rather not be bothered
Amri really my nigga, i can talk to him about anything. Lol we really be going in on mfs .
I've been making flash cards for way too long
I have no desire to do anything at all today
My third flight today. Next stop, Nantucket for my two week vacation!
I wanna be back at schooool
finna take a taxi with you and go wherever we want
I'm over here scared of real shit fuck the thunder lol
I really need to invest in a camera man.... And a better camera....
Women lie so effortlessly it don't even be lies just non truths
Wow I can finally drive and I've lost my ability to parallel park ugh
Kids wearing rags gear at the isles draft party are the epitome of douchebags
I can easily fuck you shit up if It's who I think it is
I like how my gf didn't even like or comment on the pic I posted of us smh
go figure my phone battery be on point when I actually have my phone charger ._.
Season tix sold out in 6 min... Way to be class of 2018 now everyone go back to sleep
There's a special place in hell, for people who send me snap chats that they also put on their story.
When you're in college you realize that there is no such thing as \"summer break\" anymore, if you're not taking classes then you're working
What you're looking for, can be right in front of you.
Looking forward to panel today with , , ,
Fuck outta here your not close to me or my Manz if you got enough courage to sit there n lie about me in anyway!!!!
Receiving answers that don't really answer your question... MERP
I wonder if Jacob loves me
I know I'm on vaca but it's nap time
you're crazy lol
IM TRYNA KEEP IT CHILL HERE GDI A
Watching Consorti stretch and act like a goon is all the entertainment I could Eve need
scores in the first minute!!!
My sister is talking to me and I'm not even listening to her
I haven't been happy like this in a long time, thanks to him :)
cant wait to get my phone back 2mar
Does anyone know the set times for govs island for today\/tonight?
i cant wait to buy shawns first album too
I can't wait to go back to the gym tomorrow morning!
i'm so bored and tired
I don't even know my emotions right now
Now I'm waiting for Xmen to finish downloading.
Step by step, just take it slow. You'll work it out
I've been stalling on watching this. I hate watching my favorites get smacked.
I need 300 ppl for my next video
I wish my brother would get his little thots out of the thotub
When I look back to what I was doing a year ago today, it's crazy to see how things change and people change
When u hit Taco Bell late night and see that quesorito... Think about me.
That's the fucking way you start a match!!!! Crowd is going nuts!!!!! that's right punch Ghana in the face!!!!
I really need to put in my ac unit
Wow that was an opportunity to score
If any guy wants a ride to and from a party tn hmu
Watchin a show about the history of rap. Shits interesting as fuck
Really not trying to share my cookies lol
Yayyyy she picked josh for the final rose, I was getting nervous
600: haven't heard from you in a longtimee
No but seriously I'm a 5 year old
DEMPSEY 30 SECONDS IN WOOOOOO
Hoes hoes hoes
The Fault in Our Cardio. it's a metaphor, I wear running shorts but I don't run. I never let the thing that does the killing, kill me.
Would it be bad if I just fell asleep at the game??
Desparate need to get outta the house
Duncan is this boys daddy. Lebrons daddy. Remember Ray Allen saved Lebrons legacy
No food truck will ever beat Tacos Morelos.
i out other things in front of whats important i feel like
Maybe I should be more mature? I think not.
What the actual fuck was my dream last night
Not that you still have feelings toward that person or want them back, but the fact that you still cross their minds every once in a while.
harden is really not that nice nor is dwight &amp; their giving up their best players parsons &amp; asik melo not going their
Where is ???? He must didn't see this episode of ..
Yet again invited to the lake and darien lake but fucking work ruins everything
I was just thinking of you, but I'm not gonna hit you up :(
It looks like he's finally getting his shit together
Every quality, taken to extremes become a weakness ;)
Life is FANTASTIC when you're making money.
I dont really get that high off of bowls or blunts cause all i ever smoke is bongs
You call the shots babe\nI just wanna be yours
\"We're like innocent white girls but we have fat asses\"
Finished Lone Survivor and since it's only on my tv til 12, I'm gonna watch it again.
And fuck his wife in front of him
I'm beginning to feel sore from yesterday's exercise and it feels hella good! If I didn't have other plans this morning, I'd exercise again.
HERE WE GO!!!!!!
I wish I can be Alone :(
Usually when your girl acting up she waiting on some act right
Ahora es que se pone ReBuena RT : No quiero que se acabe la novela
Playing around with ... I blame for this one
bound 2 rock the decks w\/ &amp; 4 the week. Then party time in 4 ! CC:
8 bills for two sips of a budlight.. Word
we shoulda left and forget about the bill.
Operation memorize two chapters of psychology by tomorrow morning
A subtweet is a subtweet. You don't know who it was about, so don't go starting shit if you have no proof it was about you.
4 you're such a babe it actually hurts
If you like JoJo I fuck witchu
So I'm working with my mom now.... Greatttttttt
When it get late I start to think about things ima going to sleep
what the fuck does Joel Anthony want with us
new obsession; the song Stay With Me
Last day in the Big Apple! Heading back to the motherland, !
I saw a coworker at the midnight showing
nearly 2\/3 of followers are like IM DDDDDOOONEEEEEE :)
If you've never tweaked around the house when no one is home, you're not a real person.
How's your neck feeling Daniel?
I applied for Hot Topic. My gosh I would loooooove to work there!
Its over for Portugal.. Well fuck
*gets off twitter
Got something for bae since I was at the mall
So I went to see at moes and the guy said there hasn't been a jake working at moes for months...
I could literally watch reaction to MM all day. We are one haha. I have showed it to all of my friends
Wait can we take a second to appriciate that Steve Aoki helped with an album called \"Phat Brahms\" lolol
Shapiro: Both VA admins are shrouded in scandal, and both are incredibly intertwined.
So when your lips are telling lies, I can tell when you recite\nI can see myself through your eyes
My house was just struck by lightening... THIS IS AWESOME!!!
We are seriously dominating this game. Just need an opening! Let's get this done!!
You fuck up once and your to blame for everything
This is honestly just annoying now.
KSJC 260353Z 33008KT 10SM FEW014 SCT130 BKN210 18\/14 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T01830144
I take back calling you one of my best friends
Possibly the the best goal in the World Cup so far by possibly the best player in the world.
Seriously thoee, 90 times and five days?! And I answered three times at most
just heard some wack freshmen party stories wtf
An Aquarius chic the second coolest bitch on the planet.... Sagittarius is first.......
People take advantage way too much.
I'm on a plane with all my stuff ready to move to Singapore....oh man that was only a dream?!
I love you so much to the point where I don't even feel like myself at all...
All these celebrities our age losin they minds. \n\nWhat does this say about us?
I like how jay ain't reply to my question is she BAD or NOT my dude
Whos coming out to pacha tonight!!! nd are gonna kill it! Say DREAMTEAM at the door!\n\n$10 21+\nReduced 19+
When ever I'm drunk I talk low an hoes think it's sexy..bitch I'm bent
Things will NEVER be the same.
this is repetitive and I'm tired of it
If you're out of high school, and you still complain about the \"Friend Zone,\" I have no sympathy for you.
Intermission Update: A few tearing-up moments, but mainly lots of Smiles. So much Appreciation, Gratitude &amp; Love.
Fuck you guys I'm on this really fancy boat and the first thing I did was drop a wine glass.
Like 5 Greeks v. 2 Costa Rican defenders and nadaaaaaaa
Talk to yall when I get some wifi! ***airplane mode*** ***disable mobile data***
\"You're an idiot.\" -Mark \n\nAnd that's all folks. No compliment included. Just rude remarks. Extremely rude remarks.
Let's go USA!!
i remember the first time someone gave me roses through the window at ritas.... normal
Thank you Mr Jones!
what time the BET Awards come on?
DID SOMEONE SAY ALL TIME LOW AKA MY LIFE
Can't wait to see them again.
The homies think im the truest the b* think im the cutest , boy i thought you knew this BITCH I DO IT
I wish you didn't make me a softer person.
Good job ref you opened your eyes
My dialect of urdu is mixing with hyderabadi style!\n&lt; nakko chayae , hallu bat karo, khana khae tu and so on &gt; but its funny! xD
ugh, Im not playing this game and I feel so much pressure.
this is fucked up
Mm, mm, mm. Love a man in a suit.
When tha only Person u wanna talk to. .. jus never his u up.
Navas will make like 3 saves and Tottenham will spend 50mil for him.
Lol you're a fucking dumbass holy shit
I don't care if you're the hottest guy on the planet ,if you don't have a good heart and intelligence it's a no from me
Really contemplating on going for a run right now
QUEEEEEEEEEEEEE GOLAZO ESA MIERDAAA
Todos a seguir a Guerrero de \n\nRT
q raro yo juraba q habia subido esa foto
still working on my abs
Had this whole week to finish my work, didn't do none of it. Fuck it
You can hurt me with your truth, but please don't comfort me with your lies
How much bron have
This woman is staying in a $15\/night hotel in Tegucigalpa. I'm like, is there a Westin nearby?
I got itchy mosquito bites in unfortunate places.
pretty sure someone had a car crash on Yonkers ave omg
Greg Oden can't win
I know right why didn't you kiss her
there is really no terror tantamount to that of a middle-aged drug addict\/\"photographer\" emailing you in the middle of the night
America just wan be in everything, they know damn well soccer na la area ,
Nobody will ever know how big Matt came through last night!
I hate that i dont got my car rn
What if you're the real slim shady but can't stand up?
im going to bed its been a very long bipolar day
Messi! Messi! Messi!
Great game Grigor, great game!!! Thank you.
What a save ! No one likes the Greeks! Viva Costa Rica!!
When is the World Cup over? When can I have my regular social media updates back?
I got a foreign bitch she look like she move cocaine
Can't root for Ghana no more. Total bush league.
Hate a bitch who runs their mouth, that hoe shit!
I retweeted it then unretweeted it. How does it feel? Sucks huh?
You know you my everything, you my bitch, you my bad bitch. Got it!
Another successful sunset. Well done, Bay Area.
I probably have to get off twitter so I don't see people's comments about teen wolf
Those awful things are survivable, because we are as indestructible as we believe ourselves to be.
I got mine and she's got her's fall back
I only care about the soccer games today. &amp;
IF YOUR CITY AIN'T PAINTING WALLS THEN YOUR CITY AIN'T SHIT!!! SIT DOWN, HUNTY!!!
I'm addicted to cereal
All my boys are catching cases.
WHAT UP WITH THAT HAT THOUGH
All my best friend does us watch soccer all day.
To sleep in Malibu or to mish home
that heart attack moment when your hermit crab falls off your bathroom counter
my ear and throat are fucked up all because of comment sue of side
F\/A. @ me or dm with offers. RT
I think my brother just compared me to his ex gf ... Not a good thing thooo
berry punch is the best! i swear
The takes are going to be so hot tomorrow
OH BEAUTIFUL FOR SPACIOUS SKIES WHEN WILL YOU MAKE IT RAIN
Perdemos mas tiempo imaginandonos cosas que nunca van a pasar, que viviendo la realidad
In other news, my crazy neighbor Michelle is hawking my front porch waiting for me to leave my house so she can talk to me about life
Paresen idiotas just watch the game lol
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most
Lmaooo i completely forgot abput that haha w.e
Listening to this game on the radio and I have no idea what is happening
omg I got no more food left oop
just when I thought the days of seeing sing had passed, he goes into The Problem With Saints.
Mario Kart is so much fun
My 2 other cousins were born the same day same year and same month as me June 28th 1999
Im really bad at speaking all spanish. And typing it also
Puto Arbitro! Do you think it is personal, against ? RT : Ref ain't having Nani that
Every time I walk into a forever 21 I always sit down, girls &amp; shopping is ridiculous lol
Congratulations to the San Antonio Spurs. Best team all season and showed that in the Finals and throughout the playoffs.
Dude when prof use to say the stupid questions are the ones you don't ask... That was a lie and a half !
THEY SHOULD BE UP UGH
Now I have to worry about tomorrow and I don't have any help.
\": An 18-year-old male was banned from Twitter and Vine after he filmed himself having sex with a Hot Pocket.\"
I want to teach my mom how to drive stick.
No work + hungy = murtagh movie day. American History X, Gladiator, Iron man
The girl that I wanna save is like ah danger to my health, try being with someone who wants to be somebody else !
Its kinda scary because the next few months are gong to determine a lot in my future.
The fact that I literally will never be able to go to the beach this summer is probably the most depressing ever!
\": are loyal, committed and passionate lovers that makes everyone else jealous of their partners.\"
Found out tonight that after tm @ approx. 345 I'm out of town till the 16th.... OoOoO
which one of you blacks started this no chill shit
Gotta hit up my guy Budd and make that trip out Brownsville today.
I've parked in the same spot since October, today's the last day I'll park in my spot. Now that makes me sad
Hot moms at Target for dayzzz
I can't wait till this Friday for my girls bday party and on her bday Saturday I'm taking her to Santa Cruz
Maybe if I move to Houston...
The rain won't stop be from having a BBQ dammit!!
This summer better be good af.
when is there not a fire in huntington lmk
There is nothing in the world that will get me out of bed early tomorrow idc
People will only do to you what you allow them to
Looking up but no ones there
Can if be spring break again I want to go back to Georgia and go to Panama City in Florida and see like Bryan and all his crew
GOD woke me up this morning, so I'm blessed. .....
Tooo lazy to get and go to my rooom
I need to just stop wasting my time smfh.
Every kill better be for me I'm dead ass
not getting the whole Kermit the frog sipping tea trend...it's getting to be rather annoying
I'm just sitting in this studio just tryna get to you baybay
Trippen cuz Nike messing with me
i dont kno what the mii's idea of a date is but theyre not very good ones
.luckily one of your other workers gave my backpack back to me, but I would like to report this driver for being unnecessarily rude
Oh shit about to watch throw down about soccer with this random guy I retweeted
Hella gfs in this universe are maaaaaad oblivious
If I listen to one more depressing song I'm gonna kill someone WHY CANT WE LISTEN TO NICKI
This shit is not for me .
why are you mad at me now ok
I tell the truth and I keep running
Need more sleep
I hope my mom is proud of me at 20 yrs old making cassettes
First time I've done something before 11am for several weeks
PROUD OF MY BOYZ
I have a new friend, hes ang hmong and hes a retard. hahaha
Gastei pra caralho, passei vontade pra caralho
Got soo fucking soaked and of course I was wearing white
G g g g g g gooooooooool
I knew I wasn't crazy and that it rained for like 5 seconds a couple of minutes ago.
This game thoooooo
you never miss a good thing until it's gone
To the left to the left
TYBG I GOT A C IN HISTORY
THANK YOU VERY MUCH MISS LIPPY
Tough choice: front office appear to be at an impasse: win now through trades\/FA or build from within and value cohesiveness.
Jermaine jones bae
My birthday's in October. Ross knows that cause he's a crepe.
I mean from top to bottom your body is a problem so somebody better take care of thatttt
Last night was wet
If you don't have anywhere to watch the game come to burgers and beer in lq
FUCK YEA MOTHER FUCKER
The days I do the most are the nights I find hardest to fall asleep on?
Learning Spanish and rooting for EE.UU. on bc cable sucks and also !!!!
Vegas really takes it out of you. I'm exhausted as fuck
This nigger bout to get all the wife he wants now
Sorry but I'm not even gonna lie bc most people wouldn't even like me if I didn't wear makeup bc I look like shit without it
beach &amp; campfire. \ntwo things i wish to do before summer ends.
I've been peeing for 5 mins I'm so serious WTF!
. US - Ghana was the most watched soccer game in US history. A record-breaking 15.9 million viewers tuned in
I know he's not perfect but neither are you bitch.
Translation: Ven aqui\nMami, asi culo\nTu quiero coger mi huevos\nY papi molestes pero\nChuparse puto pendejo\nEl pinche cabron, let's get it
I've never been so fuckin mad about a dream in my whole life!!
&gt; I swear, religion is just so often comedy that writes itself.
need to finish off the cause I'm tired or basketball
River Rose Blackstock. That's a beautiful baby name!
It's crazy how the same people who talked shit before, are the main ones on your line now.
Not gonna lie, I bump country music on occasion
My Knicks made a stupid move today . Melo is leaving mark my words.
Let's not go to bed at 530-6 again.!
my little brother likes javier and ahmad more then me
I'm all about supporting but Ghana just broke his ankles...
If you get a tattoo that says \"refuse to sink\" you are basic
Boy Meets World sequel airs tonight pretty cool! Who watching ?
My bdays in 2 days :-)
I'll be home just in time for us open this year yay
Ima bout to bring some type of demon right up outta me.. cause I been feeling like you pussy niggas tryna plot on me
And the big 3 era is over thank the lord, 4 bullshit years
Lmao my boss woulda thought I'm coming into work today
Happy 4th of July.....enjoy and be safe
I'm feeling everything about that video I retweeted except for the music. We need something more crunk.
how the fuck you get yo heart broken over the internet FUCK OUTTA HERE WITH THAT FUFU ASS SHIT.
You won't be mean to me...you'll get knocked out homegirl lol
THEYREE PUTTING JOHANNSSON IN IM CRYING
I'm a 'baddie' whatever the fuck that means ..
Pit stop for to change door that lost the mirror
Who gets sick over summer? Like come on now.
Some guy on the train just threw a massive tantrum because he lost in flappy bird
Well I want to do something fun tonight
I had fun tweeting tonight y'all. Let's do this again next week.
I would rather drink my whole life than eat
Fat niggas hiding their drugs and glocks under they fat rolls
Look at your self before judging someone else's sins.
Girls that start unnecessary drama can get out of my life
Just trynna put my team on the map
I don't got no bitches so idk why niggas mad at a g. It ain't like I'm on yo bitch.
Some people are too cool to text me I guess
I like soccer because most sports use your arms and hands but soccer is solely your feet for 95% of the game.
It's the 4th of July: Too bad the doctrine of Separation of Church State no longer has any practical meaning.
Tweet your 35th pic on your camera roll
K I'm going to the SJ Giants game tomorrow.
Let the draft begin! Lets go Sabres!
Why can't the library be open 24 hours in the summer? Think about it, Syracuse.
maybe i just wont show up too work today
Greece coach Fernando Santos has been sent off after appearing to argue with the officials. smh.
Niggahs bitting me I know they teeth hurt
We have 2 years left of high school, drama and negativity are both a complete waste of time and you will only regret them later in life
There are rumors of a up coming QUAD trip to Sand Mountain in July! Confidence is HIGH!
Who knew there were so many soccer fans ....
My team stronger than ever..
I hate how I need to lose weight and no one wants to take me to the gym and all my siblings go together
Tengo un largo menu de donde escoger pero quiero cogerte ati.
Please sharks, don't collapse and not make a pick
I LEAVE FOR CAMP WEDNESDAY SOMEONE HANG OUT WITH ME TOMORROW
I have wayyyyy too many nicknames...\nMufasa Morgan, Morgz, Morgie, Morg, Honey, Cinnamon, Moomz, Momo THE LIST GOES ON &amp; ON
I'm really sorry to be such a shit, but: if I put a letter in my mailbox...will it get picked up and sent
See also: Hating on the Yankees
Man Got Onto The Shuttle Bus...Put His Ciroc On The Seat, Then Fastened A Belt Around It...Hes Lost His Mind
my dad Is Being really annoying en
