I'm a fucking bitch
Billy Madison the highlight of my day rn
There is only one reason I am still up...hmmmm
If I feel this horrible for orientation I'm going to be so disappointed
if I text you feel special cause I barely text anyone
Downloading the Hardline beta. PayDay3 hype.
A mano se lava mejor :$ xd.
Donde en una calle tu ve 500 callejones.
I wish I went to pride
I just notice I have a big as cut on my leg
You know you made a wrong turn when you have to use your high beams.
Yo willow smith is gonna be bad when she older man
Somewhere, there exists a pic of me feeling up the Wall St. Bull's shiny metal testicles. I wish I had balls the size and strength of those.
dude I swear it's a small ass world!
I need some good friends and good coffee
If you ever need me, i'm here.
Irritated as hell. People who don't work for their stuff don't understand the need to take care of their stuff or other people's stuff.
Your AVI makes my neck like \"credit or debit\"
Jessie J's voice is seriously being overlooked... She sings better than majority of these over rated artists.
So... Confession time. I work out to song i legit love the beat and I always laugh
Los mejores dm son con jajajajaja temas muy profundos *_*
People truly care about the wrong things
Just so you know, if you run toe-heel you look like an idiot.
I'm laughing at my tweets so much right now
Can I just live at Dillyn's that would be nice
I forgot how to write lol
Your dad doesn't care about your Father's Day fb post, tbh.
When u notice ur friend becoming a grade A thot, do u let it happen and accept it or do u stop it?
If Ray Allen was 0-5 I think he would stop shooting so why is Bosh still shooting
I wish labs were available one month after WWDC. So many questions about extensions now cc
The time has come for a grown-up bag.
even if you don't feel like pride is for you can you stop shitting on the effort made by others please? calling it a 'party' is insulting.
HOLY SHIT JONES
July the Fourth be with you.
ohhhh shittttt its real
I've survived an entire year without seeing Nicolina, but one month and I'm ready to take the next train out to philly
Drugs don't ruin your life, you ruin your life
I'm not going to be able to sleep at all tonight.
I am willing to exchange ice cream for sneakers in a size 7.5 or 8. Lmk soon kthanksbye
Never Forget How I Blacked To DLow Shuffle At Black Explosion ... In Suspenders &amp; All That
Can't wait till the roles are reversed!
I lack understanding of why you choose to live like that. Always mad
Turns out being homeless in New York is super duper stressful and equally terrifying.
That shit about to be spammed with \"Itachi the realest nigga alive\"
Porque Roben no remata arriba, banano...
All we have to do is seek help. That's all. Someone will lesson.
Lucha por todo aquello que te saque una sonrisa.\"
I need to cop a dope Hawaiian shirt
As 2 selecoes q torci hj perdeu!
Things changed faster than I anticipated
I need to buy new headphones &amp; a extra charger.
Blessed to get another good hoop session with the bro
\": thank you hunn :)\" No problem (: June 24 is my birthday too Lol
USA comin on strong
I was having a good ass day too then This shit happens
reports at a 2hr 45minute runtime. WHAT?! Nearly 3 hrs!?
Dwade shit the bed this series
Ian always has Avery wondering!
Leave me on hold for more than 10 seconds I'm hanging up
yo fuck Italian making me come in to school next week I'm not going
My parents got my cat a harness and leash so they can take my cat on walks...
Dad's car has 2 10\" subs and be doesn't like them hahaha
My back is in so much pain. Hopefully I get out of work early and enjoy my 2 days off lol
Not gonna lie... Already sick to death of Nina saying \"sorry\"; like every other word
I do what I have to do just to stay alive in this world.
I literally can not handle this game right now. I hate penalties
Just made plans with and but keating doesn't want to
Honestly no gas I've been saying Patty Mills is the truth since day one
What kind of friend are you?
At the gym and rude comes on :)
Am I the only one who really does not care about soccer?
\"That was a cute score!\" -soccer mother of 14 years while watching the replay of the Mexico Croatia game
Anyone have any opinions on this new HBO series? I was way too drunk last night to concentrate
Una hora mas y para la casa estoy cansado
IM ENGLISH TRY AND DEPORT ME
buh shes ass at live performamces
It's a tank top day, no doubt. Mama Nature hookin it up today.
Honey I slept with your rather 6 times \": 19. Bae wants to take you skydiving for your birthday. How do you react?\"
Watching the game' Let's go beat
Is it crazy that I never had chipotle before?
\"Mexico beat Croatia\"\n\"And you're feeding me enchiladas? I feel like a traitor, that's the mother land\"
Solo dime que me quiere , como yo te quierooooo
I work 3 days this week, get paid Friday &amp; start my 10 day vacation. Then I go back to work for 3 days before I get paid again. Fuck yes
Can't trust anyone these days... not even the got damn weatherman
Justin Bieber album wavy wtf... Why no one told me
looked over woman's shoulder on L train. chapter of her book began \"The Money: one of the realities of starting your own design business...\"
So I'm seeing newsies again
Im sorry thats messed up just really upset
\"they're ghanans not Africans\" -
A lotta don't think I do this, I swim but not for a team even though I'm like the next young Michael phelps
i have so many followers on here wow
damn wtf I can't believe I just saw that ..
Can we trade for jose abreu
We up all night to have fun
if it's levels to this shit I got through 'em like Mario nigga
Dana's been gone for so long wow so upset
All I'm tryna do really is have a Bday dinner with the fam turn up with the gang and get some dough that's not too much to ask for?
The navy is really killing me, getting one letter a week is so hard
Tim Howard's having a great game
why am i craving macarons at this time
When you lay your head to sleep at night it's filled with every moment\nEvery chance you miss to be something, well learn from your mistakes
This weekend is going to be the one
I don't think iv'e ever drove home this drunk before
Can't get sloppy. Let's go boys
I don't wanna pack, But I really need to. Ugh. I'm so lazy sometimes..
My throat hurts. My nose is stuffy &amp; I'm coughing ever .04 seconds. I'm sick four days before my birthday. Why. I haven't been sick all year
weird to think there are millions of people awake missing someone,and millions of people sound asleep with no idea that they're being missed
Who has a ps3 and is tryna play 2k14 ?
I'm 18.25 years old today
Love when developers say an ice skating rink will be the size of the one at Rockefeller Center. It's a great space, but the rink isn't big.
In disbelief at how lucky I got with him
Bryan Silvas YouTube videos are the greatest thing on the internet
my family just needs an excuse to party tbh
\"Wtf is wrong with that nigga\" \"nothin hes gay\" \"does he have tits\"
You truly were right, cannot take that away from you.
I know Keith Olbermann is irrelevant but I can't wait until he's even more irrelevant
I'll settle for just getting drunk some where &amp; watching some World Cup if all fails
It's a privilege to get my heart broken by you -Augustus Waters
holy crap rt : Consumers spend more on apps (~$20bn run rate) than on recorded music ($17bn)
I miss when Patrick Powell came to train us until we died 10 times over
Once again, really not into penalty kicks. Or either of these teams deserving the quarterfinals.
nonooooo what!? WHAT?! ?!?! !?!
Don't know what hell feels like but if it's anything like the weather outside, I'm ready.
It's time to say goodbye . . .
Also if you went to the Rascal Flatts concert tonight lose my number
My neighbor is mowing his lawn in the dark....
Every day I wake up on the wrong side if of the world
Bout to yell at this little kid for hitting the stop request for every stop.
\nYou'll always be there for me... I think I love you
I don't care I'm making my tattoo appointment this week
See you soon, San Francisco! I'm outta here.
Guess I'm a Luddite on connected home stuff. Prove me wrong, world.
If you have to ask... RT : tickets to what??
I have the chills.
I type f and it automatically autocorrect to \"fagt\"
When you can talk that fly shit w\/ your girl, you really know what's good my g.
All these people had reason to kill Olivia! Damn this suspense is killing me!
Going shopping with my sister tomorrow :)
To anyone annoyed about todays festivities: who poured tea in your harbor??
Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life say yes say yes
Whyyyy did I have to wake upppppp
If your ever drunk and are throwing up I'm the last person you wanna ask to help you cause I won't
Why am I eating sour gummy worms at this late hour?
\"i can skate when im high but i can't skate when im high\" -mitchel
Dude Tim Howard Is Such A Beast!
Pretty sure I'm ODing on caffeine rn
WAIT ITS ALREADY 1 IN THE MORNING?!?!
I'm curious to know who would actually care and show love when i die.
. . . . . I'm glad john legend helped her out. cause I didn't really like it.
5 years already since MJ went damn time flies
You're gone and I gotta stay high all the timeeee
I am so bored like no bye
I'm a steroetypical man butt eater
Balik nyo yung dati kong tiisin na ugali, haha kailangan ko nanaman
So.. my phones acting up again.. lovely.
Listening to EDC set. It's fire I love it
What was the designer thinking, and why is it nobody stopped him?
Our hotel smells like spray tan.
\"Tinky Winky is sort of the pater familius....\" - My SO, explaining the Teletubbies
When people are emotionally insecure and they take it out on people who are stable and healthy... How do I say \"go fuck yourself\" nicely?
\": Have I told you lately, I love you like crazy. -Eli Young Band\"
I woke up and my elephant toy was being snuggled by my dog
Highlight of my day was def the news i recieved from
If we ain't together, don't worry about me
Fuck being a teenager. Fuck trying to make everyone happy. Fuck bullshit relationships. Fuck everything.
The world is filled with poverty, corruption, people doing amazing things... Yet a good looking felon is what makes the headlines... Shame.
You guys want to hear a new song? :)
Lil Wayne don' lost his senses
My phone has fallen like three times today
don't approach me w nothing if it ain't money or breakfast
I think after COS I wanna transfer to either San Jose State or Fresno State.
Sometimes I want to transfer from my school, a fresh new start. But Then I Don't Know What Im Going Against In The New school.
Thats how u get a niggas attention .. U corny
Deepak Chopra has asked me to blog about physics nonlocality, entanglement, consciousness on his website allegedly 5,000,000 audience
Missin all my peeps. Wish they would all relocate here since I have no desire to go back to Orange County...
If didn't score their own goal this game would be 1-1
Why does dejar mean like ten different things
\": So where is Derek?\" We don't know, look for him!!!
Why let Gekas shoot why He is 90 years old fucking awful Still should have won this game way before penalties sad
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
I am so scared of drowning I get anxiety watching the part in titanic where the people get trapped at the bottom of the boat
\"You're always angry\" \nOh
I'm not really following the cup but go USA lol
Rev , thanks for the follow. It was nice meeting you last night.
BY MESSI 2-0
It kinda sucks because I could care less
I'm changing my name to Mufasa.
Okay stop with the Lebron memes he did great this game. I'm fine wit cutting ass on the heat but cutting ass on Lebron makes no sense
Summer nights &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hey chris brown do your thing girls a*** you need volume in
Good luck bad luck, tough to say
\": I used to be funny asf but you know..nothing was ever the same\" hold up this is grammatically incorrect
Mmmmmmmm i'm good
I only have a sleeve and I get dirty looks , prepare to see my neck soon tho
I am the most forgetful person alive
Lol sit cho big ass down somewhere fr
The only thing I hate about NY is it's Yankee territory and if I ask to put on the Indians game I'll be shanked (...or shot)
Ramandan is right around the corner, excited for it
No necesitamos Cambio de gabinete necesitamos cambio de Carpintero basta ya de tanta Mediocridad Venezuela noaguanta tantomal
The amount calories in those fraps are no joke! I won't ever binge for one! Evaaaaaaa
I didn't learn a single thing in chem all bc half the time I was arguing with Dannick to shut up about Obama
Ali's first tweet in hella long and he talkin shit about my team. Smh
No Lie I'm Gonna Miss Sica and Biagotti
I'm trying to set up this old PC so I can stream but the stupid ass directX which is require to run OBS won't install
We had some good roasting sessions . Then the next morning we would meet up and roast eachother again at the benches . Damn take me back ha
El que se mete donde no debe, se entera de lo que no quiere.
july is always a fun month
Joyce and don got us in the car at 11 to be somewhere at 12 .. And it's a 20 minute car ride
Anyone else see that elastic collision off the post by Clint Dempsey? A physics teacher taught him that move years ago.
&gt;when did you know grandma was the one.?\n&gt;when her sister dumped me
CAMP O OR NO YOU FAGGOTS
But you know what live and let live.
I'm never shocked when people let me down nowadays. I just hate the fact that I put myself in a position to be let down in the first place..
Gonna hold it down for ya
I still think should have hosted this years bet awards
great moments in life make you sweat.
I Believe We Will Win
This Battle between Day and Ars was fire
Project Grad was such a disappointment for me :\/ i hope everyone else had a good time at least
12\/ love you so much. lmaoo sorry about yesterday
In a hell where I need to change a scroll view size and keep the offset pinned through the whole animation.
I FUCKING LOST MY NEW BBY LIPS ALREADY WTF
I SHOULDNT HAVE EVEN GOTTEN A NEW PHONE TODAY FUCK ME ID RATHER HAVE A BROKEN SCREEN
let's go shopping tomorrow !
Can they please get rid of Kira
my grandpa puts Adobo in my mac&amp;cheese. we serious when we ppl say hispanics put seasoning on everything
I swear i be wanting to smack people who talk spanish to me and then get tight when i stare , like bitch foh im American.
This trip is already beginning to be the best thing ever
Here we go the first main event of the evening. The with the contract hanging above the ring. This should be awesome. .
This niggaaaa really don't want no smoke in 2k!
There's a few rappers I can honestly say are dope and best believe wale is one
you already know I wanna ____ you \n(fill in blank with corresponding emotion)
someone cheer me up, please.
I don't like seeing gifs like those on my TL buddy.
To listen to music while biking up and down my block, I put my jambox in my pocket and iPad in my pants. Worked great until I lost wifi.
Holdin on for life, love\nHoldin on for loooveee
Yup. That just happened.
You're bae material if you got a booty
28th can not get here fast enough
Cool Ranch Doritos are the truth!
Ma nigga just leave the stadium
S\/O to making fun of smile. I DONT KMOW HOW TO SMILE.......OK
The hell kind of airport doesn't open it's bars till 8:30??? The fuck ??
So she say you are the father the baby look like you looks nothing like me the results come in and the kid not his the whole crowd drid
Do you remember the time when first met?
\"Craft is what we are expected to know; art is the unexpected use of our craft.\" Ed Catmull \/ Creativity, Inc.
\"Mom can I get my ears pierced?\" Mom \"go ahead but you'll totally look gay..\"
Just had a heart-toheart with my mom about boys and college.
almost fought my bestfriend today ... she lucky I love her
Chocolate covered shroom ok therapist say no more my nigga
Project graduation was fun as Fuck in my opinnion
don't tell me what they said, because i don't want to know.
Cinnabon is the greatest thing ever made
should be nothing short of ashamed of themselves. To play a man up most of the 2nd half AND extra time and never score? Dreadful.
Fed up with all this shit.
SUCK THAT TO ALL THE PEOPLE WHO THOUGHT I COULDN'T DO IT!
Tomorrow I have a doctors appointment at children's medical center aka time to play \"how many nurses ask me what my child's name is\"
I wish I was getting a PhD cause it sure would be in the emotional attachment created by social media and self esteem issues .
I barely use makeup because\n1. it is deceiving as FUCK\n2. ain't nobody got time for that
Take off that damn hat Pharrell.
I don't think I'll ever stop watching cartoons
When a female says I look tired, I instantly wanna say \"at least I ain't a hoe\" &amp; when a dude says it I wanna be like \"well u got lil dick\"
Exist with me,we'd do so beautifully.
Mid-FaceTime Maritza hangs up on me
Today, being the Birthday of these United States, it would be nice if everyone looked up \"The Pledge\" by Red Skelton and listened to it.
SOME ROAST BEEF, A CHICKEN, A PIZZA
My fear of working out to much is losing my curves :\/
Like I've been waiting for her to cry so I know it's real lmao
Young nigga Ridin in a foreign
Im getting waaay too much sleep this summer
in need if a ride!
Idk why I tried to stay in ur life it was a mistake
My hairs to long for me to dye myself and last time I tried Haleigh had to come rescue me and I had dye all over, but no one will help sooo
Don't even bother talking to me ever again
Almost done for the day! ^.^ yay!!!!
According to my friends. I am Han solo, the cocky asshole of the group. I'll take that.
I've got ants in my pants!!! \nCountdown is on. \n
RIP mrs ciezki. You've touched many young hearts, young minds, and young souls. You're truly an inspiration and you will be missed.
do i even have to study for spanish
why wouldnt you wanna cuddle w\/ me , i think im the best ever lol
I don't want to go to work tomorrow so damn early in the morning
What that he'll happen to Thierry Harry I never saw him play in France this world cup Brazil
Who's trying to babysit with me?
45 hours of work all ready still have 4 hours to go n a 12 hour shift tomorrow money is what pays the bills though
Los Altos loses 3-1 to SC Homestead LA had two runners on with no out in sixth but hit into double play, then grounded out
Bey shut down all the rumors that said she wasn't pregnant in that video. She always wins in the end! &amp; look at Blue Ivy! ADORABLE.
This shit is sharper than a knife
Watchin the BET Awards mad late lol
I honestly don't even think that's a word lmao
Does anyone WP know where to find Lucy ? If so DM me. And no not a fucking cigarette. Lucy !!
Damn what a laser.
we so coulda drove down a day early and gone to the Oakland show
fuckkk man im praying i dont die
Erica Campbell or Tamela Mann got this
That moment they call final boarding to Hawaii and wonder if you can fit in the overhead...
Thanks mom and dad, for sending me to William Paterson university where I met the love of my life.
Ochoa looks like a b-boy from the 80s
Girls who pretend to like working out for a guy are dumb
Vine this late at night really makes me cry
Just taught my dad that male and female aren't the only genders and that \"the real world\" is filled with an assortment of people.
alright bye phone I'm going to bed
I want\/need chocolate chip pancakes so.....
Hit the dms for the 1x
Why is blaming me for his tweets?
USAAAAAAAA DEMPSY NOT EVEN A MINUTE IN
Most of my twitter feed is about Teen Wolf season 4 opener. Can't wait till it's online...
Passed through our second border crossing of the day and never left the country. Luckily, no one was detained this time.
So you're allowed to have a life and I'm not?
Jeff give me your final answer
I feel like a communist for missing this game
I didn't think I would ever say this... I actually kinda miss my parents...
Jones!!!!!!! What a goal!!!! 1-1 USA
-Esos Juramentos Hoy Son Traiciones ;)
The weeknd makes me feel all types of ways at night
Went on a run wit mommy earlier
I'm tryna do it all tonight
Aaron Parker singles in Ryan So, so Los Altos trails SC Homestead 3-1 bottom 3
Thank you timeline, USA got a goal I assume.
Murphy's upset he's missed the last two episodes of....devious maids
The Mexican guy at Rockys can s this d
idk why goes to bed so early
i just want to leave and never come back.
The fact that shefs is closed and in hungover is just awful right now
A MITB contract signing? Let the brawl begin.
Someone else has to be hungry right now &amp; not just me come on ppl
Every morning my dad walks into my room and asks \"what do you plan on sleeping all day\"
JUST HATE THERE IS FOOD EVERY WHERE LOL
I still love the song timber
I hate it when they show hot chicks from the crowd of spectators and some dude jumps in front of the camera.
if you were cool id let you play 2k(;
Last time I've gone to a dance was probably convention.
When have you ever used the word blubber?
Of course right when I get my phone screen fixed I break it right after.
I've had the nick name Mucula for the longest time and I've never knew that till I got here
USA vs Germany today, will be listening on the radio at work!
Si gana Colombia, Brasil se vuelve un mierdero.
so much for no humidity.
My biggest concern right now is what do I wear for the 4th of July
I know enough to know that I dont know enough. Does tht make sense to you?
Finally !!!! Dnt care bout Argentina jus messi
I can't RT: : \"All these guys cheating on their girlfriends, and then there is me, who can't even get one girl\" - Single Guys
Serena has won every year since the awards started
She's all mine and she's trying her best to give her all of me... Why would I want to hurt her?
Flexing .... Nigga I'm just flexing
My dogs must be seeing ghosts or some shit. They bark at the air all the damn time.
Si algo he descubierto estas tres semanas es que amo cocinar aparte que si se jajajaja
I have 34 mosquito bites and a nasty sunburn.
cuando se quiere a alguien se renuncia al resto
\"I'll see you in another life brotha\"
I hoped no one touched my best friend
Probably the happiest I've been to be laying at home in bed
Dempsey starting it off on the RIGHT foot!!
Period \": Y'all be hating on August.\"
I absolutely hate how stupid most kids my age are.
They gon talk about you when you ain't got shit and still talk bout you when you got shit!!!!
Tbh my bbyo life speech was all about how I never made friends in bbyo
Niggas aint even see that shit fuck them
Snapchat war is serious right now
A sorry party lol oh shes serious she wanna make kirk look like a fool like a clown...and he dont stop now its the glasses
It's like payback, watch the shit you say on the track \/ I've heard stories of how you get down, just lay on your back
24 wish we were still as close as we used to be
Why the hell am I alwayyyyyysss up this late
Prom was fun, actually made me want to go to mine :)
forever not catching onto my subtweets, go die
Im sooo tiredddddd
Who let Andi wear a skort on national tv?
I feel bad for bron. Scrutinized if he take a piss the wrong way, on top of that no one on his team knows how to put the ball in the hoop
True Life, I saw Warren Harding come out of the Lincoln Bedroom with some bitch and he was all \"dude they can so vote now\"
All of them actually haha
How many club appearances till I get my first Oscar??
Nice talking to you
She just said \"stop eating gordito\" lmfao.....I'm done
come up for air just so you know we wont drown
We used to be close friends...What happend ?
If I cheat just leave me cause I don't see why I would
At Least It's Not Below The Shelf(O)
Walked into a hole and twisted my foot while waving hello to people today...
DID BLAKE GET A NEW PHONE?????
Drinking a Sapporo bro? Do better
JONESSS WHAT A GOAL OH MY GOD
Mireles belongs on the Norwegian National Team. Looks like a fucking Viking.
Many air strikes heard in in last half hour.
I really like all the mushy things in relationships. I like to feel good and know you want me to lol.
I'll be good in bed but I'll be bad to you
Everything is just going to shit
I tell em to mind they business but they don't hear me though
Most time ppl are happy till someone comes along and shows you something different.
Yo if I was nice at soccer, on god I would wear those 1\/100 gold Ronaldo cleats.
I absolutely hate when people talk during a movie
Howard is quick
I don't want something temporary i want something forever , but nothings forever , everyone is temporary ....
Y'all rather a bum bitch and she's pretty or a ugly bitch and she's fly .? Lol
I cant spell it out for you. If you just realize.
I love Klinsmann's reactions. Not one to hide his emotions, huh? #
I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work. Can you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair, spit on me, maybe gauge my eyes out?
It's 104 degrees right now ....
I have a 130 second snapchat story of fireworks.. My b
LOL @ how we can't even pretend to not h8 each other.
ATTENTION tell me jokes. I love you guys.
Yes I come to the bar just to drink soda..
Food date asap, you always find a way to make me die of laughter. Miss high school ball and being with you 24\/7
Cliff diver is the only good ride at six flags
Have a few weeks to get zoey ready for cape codd
when I get an email saying my order has been shipped &gt;
the more you wants something, the easier it is to convince your mind of things that aren't true
will spamming help at all bc i dont think it is lol
JK Rowling focused an entire book in her best selling children's series on prejudice and that fact is sorely under-appreciated
Chillin with my lil sister eating breakfast
Tht was a nasty hit
KELSIE HE IS MINE! YOU HAVE YOUR OWN
Foreal doe i wasnt playing
I couldn't keep a straight face when I asked this kid what his strengths and weaknesses were
I should probably be successful if I'm going to be forever alone. At least it won't be the only envious one.
I hate when autocorrect changes the real word I typed into a different real word. stop. don't make fucking assumptions. you don't know me.
Idc what no girl is jacking . You will never be her \"only one\"
\": anyone wanna buy a wii u\" don't buy he's gay.
Althea is the most insincere person ever
Silly bitches we don't need that
So many spurs fans now... Pls stop
Deh RASTA DEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHH
First Day at my new job in the city!!!
I love waking up this early every day
The city is so empty, I wish it could stay like this forever.
If Shaqiri Goes To Liverpool That Means They're Win The Premier League Title
9 days off starts now! Can't wait to spend some time with my honey
So my hairs messed up and my and shirts a little dirty, so what? U wanta fight about it??
Not interested n a tribute
At least I get to go to the beach tomorrow. Hopefully I actually tan though.
GERMAIN FUCKING JONES CAN I GET AN AMEN
Hm Henri and I only have pictures of us fucked up lmaoo
when one door closes a better one opens
Ugly ass infiniti pulled up before and after hike lmao
What's the wave rn
Uh bro do you even double tongue?
yea yea yea yea yea yea yea
I'm ready to let new things come into my life .
Bailey is freaking the f out rn... Oh and there goes the power
Had a busy ass day at work towards the end, you can tell by tweet gaps lol
Shoulda had ya priorities straight lmao
Bus drivers can go fuck themselves
S\/o to because we have the same birthday
Well just found out that my biological father is in the hospital and very ill. In other news the funeral for my grandmother was nice.
i need to go bathe and wash away all the sinning that just occurred. xD
Running on what feels like 30min of sleep for the past 4 days.
I got pissy that Sanpellegrino diversified its sodas after I left the patria but having tasted the clementina I guess I'm not missing out.
Getting sad listening to Gary and Keith talk about the great Frank Cashen
someone come to the gym with me
._. eta gente que editan foto en retrica eso e raro :\/
Hoping so very hard that I just found my new home in the Mission.
Dont Fuck With Me ill Park Ya Like Jabari
Calm down and smoke some kush
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
this segment with had me so weak
Nobody knows where they might end up.
It's not cute anymore, it's got old real quick.
how frustrating is it when you're like the only person who can see how evil and sneaky someone is and everyone else is like blind to it.
Suprise Dolly hasnt cracked down on me about Noah
I can try on makeup without going to the store or even moving from my bed
My pinky is asleep idk why
\"Kids today can be anything thanks to the Internet. I find that fascinating.\" -
Though his mic was out for part of it, I believe Elvis Costello just said that he &amp; Burt Bacharach just collaborated on songs for a musical
That shot was amazing
The air conditioning in the car is blow drying my hair. I'm going to be a frizz ball when I get to work
I love you more today than yesterday but less than tomorrow
DEMPSEYYYYYYYYY FUCKING MONSTER LETS GOOOO
All the first place teams are winning
WHAT A START
The sun set is so pretty
I have way too much Pitbull &amp; Nickelback on my iTunes for anyone to take me seriously in life
was a little annoyed by my Shitty but like a pro was gracious and courtesy..his wife was gorg 2
i want to talk to someone who I know no one can say they've spoken to. that'd be nice.
While this love in my heart keeps growing for you let your love in your heart keep growing flowing never stop
Like seriously what if they have a little group if scientists that have a picture of you and they r just like \"this is our universe\"
YASS CLINT..BEAT THAT PORTUGAL
But 5 stars was still just a squat pot only a sorta nice one
My previous employer has their nerve asking my sister to call me to have me come in and help. HA BITE ME.
I, Maxx Briscoe, for the 2015 NHL Bandwagon season, have selected the
You know it's a casual night at the vidals when I make it on the table ..
I help people do this shit \"often\"
Altidore selfish as fuck smh
They might as well have the awards in the south next year . This scene is not mixing with the city
It's scary how much I've been enjoying Catfish.
If u have a negative attitude when your with me please know that it will rub off on me and than I'll be the one angry too.
I hate twitter and instagram at this time.
Beer and burgers and basketball.. lmao Happy Bday
Stop shaving your mustache. You moron, it's a horrible look
girls post up body pictures of themselves at the beach and you can clearly see that their sucking in their stomach as if people are stupid.
es que tu cuerpo me llama..
Got my bengals-colts tickets already! I guess football season is here!
They ended off on a good note with Forever Young.
you can fuck with it. doubt you make it much worse, kidz
Ima be like coach Simons playing NCAA when I'm 150 years old lol
\"I'll fucking digest you, one piece at a time\"
Nigga that's that nerve haha tell it
UNA HIJUEPUTA HORA PARA QUE ME CAMBIARA
GOOOAAALLL GOOAAL HOLY SHIT
Girls love to fuck with your conscience
So glad is here. Let's get our dance on
Danced a majority of my life and I must say after this class still do not have any of the coordination close to be a decent boxer.
\": haha they can stick to el feis\" RFT LOL
Blows me away how edcny was a month ago
ALRIGHT! Who talks mad shit about me and doesn't like me at RH?
That Thot page trynna get niggas green lighted lmao
I honestly don't see how you can do that like bruhhh!!!
.Thanks again. When I have a clip to send you I'll contact you.
Wise men say only a fool would rush in but I can't help falling in love with you
Can't wait to straighten my hair tomorrow, over the curls overrrrr it
Flako so funny smh you need to love flako
We going to the round of 16.
it feels so weird holding my phone after holding my iPad
Re-reading Bloom County. Pretty sure my little brother is Steve Dallas.
Meeting YOU, in all your limpid glory. Your soul, as a blank slate. Imagine meeting someone entirely different than you, but you.
USA lets take it
I will not drunk text this evening. I will not do it. I will not. I will not.
Spectacular shot from Jones. His first goal in two years
Saw chocolate covered bacon tonight...I didn't even know that existed
This France and Germany game is going to be great to watch. Cant wait
gets the win !!
Customer service rep leaves the counter to end shift with 8 people in line and no replacement. Smooooth United
Bring that Larry O'Brien out!
Currently in Harlem turnt up as I should be
You have a pretty mouth
Si despierto, en una 1 hora me levanto
Chilling at 40\/40 club NYC soaking up some hip hop! :)
Powered by demons, guarded by angles.
Whatever. Not my business cause it's your work.
I'm getting high todAy week has been hard work
rockin that thang \/\/ the dream
Should I watch, The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, Ocean's Eleven, Spider-Man or National Treasure???
GOAL! Jones with an absolute thunderbolt of a hit! 1-1
I wish things could be different. It would make it so much better
I get annoyed so fast bruh
Got up for a second to do something productive but nahhh. My beds comffy.
I still laugh when I hear \"Alexis from Fremont\" on 94.9
Not bad for a white girl
Being In The Navy, I Hate When People Talk Shit About The Government, And The President, And Our Situation.
Gonna start on these summer assignments tomorrow
So... How long is the World Cup even??
Flat butts make me nauseous :(
I really can't believe Kidd isn't the Nets coach anymore
How does Beckerman have that hair?
Twitter stop lyiiiin, I don't have any notifications
Nice to c the Ush man displaying some of his hits. He killed it!
You wil be missed
2014 NHL Draft keeping me occupied while I sit on the tarmac
tartar sauce, dill sauce, lemon sauce, cock sauce, dick sauce, arsely butt sauce,
Did not know that Brian Wilson also plays soccer for Portugal.
We been livin on the high, they been talkin on the low
Dont wanna see.
My \"rave booty\" is for my boyfriends eyes i dont have to show it off bcz i like edm lol
Ok 911 it's Friday and I'm bored af
It's great hearing Eddie's music after all these years :,)\n
When we can talk when there's nothing to say, I'd like is you stayed.
turned on my radio and the first song that is playing is
This lightning storm right now doe. Does it get better?
Man, took zero mercy
I met such a great guy today ... Too bad he's taken -__-
Trying to find Turner Classic Movies, but stopped at Police Academy 7: Mission to Moscow.
My works cited came out so ugly .
history here as Brian McCann gets a hit through the shift at third base.
You taught me too expect the unexpected from anyone, even those who swear to love you and always be there for you!
Let It Rain by Jojo is pretty flawfree.
Put your number on this paper cos I would love.to date ya
If your life revolves around where you can take the best insta pic, you need to reaccess your priorities
Tv just shut off... *continues to lay down*
I'm the type of person who will be watching tv, while listening to music, while also reading a book.
Mrs I just asked me if I wanted anything from the bar OMG I CANT
Feel like you're oblivious to the fact that I'm right in front of you
They all say I'm stupid. That I should jus walk away. ..
He is extra taller than me now
Okay okay, who gave the Spurs some of Jordan's secret stuff from Space Jam?
\": 100 lmao he get off\"RT BRUH he on anotha level
Can it be 6 pm already??
People who are just getting into beastcoast are annoying af about it
Only 12 minutes left. This is an outrage.
Not sleeping going to work with zero sleep Tuesday is gunna be awesome
Finding some awesome people on wattpad.
shame on israel and her biatches ...
the snapchats I send Janelle are repulsive
Nadie me dice como tengo que ser y lo que tengo que hacer, YO VIVO A MI MANERA
Anyone going to canandaigua tonight? Need someone to tag along with me.
Robben deserves a red card for flopping like a fish to cause a PK . Come on now Willis !
\"The Rancid Rose\" - \nDon't you mean the stinking rose.
That was insane
Where's that RTB line up though !
That looked like it hurt.
I remember when I thought I was yours forever
My shit is shuffling between Coldplay &amp; Foo Fighters. I'm okay with this.
What good is nepotism if it doesn't include gossip?
lemme go 2 sleep, like I ain't got something to do in the am
Lead off Homerun by Granderson
10 rts and I wont shave my head or face for the rest of the summer
Wow I want to slap you
Hoy gana el.mejor equipo.del mundo
\"I think the misunderstood me. They were Jews for Jesus and I was just a Jew.\"
John Lackey is the Paul O'Neill of pitchers.
\": Pain don't last forever. I'm telling you cause I been there.\"
Overheard @ about L, the new major Android version: \"All the awesome stuff in L comes at a cost. And that cost is bugs!\"
Shit Altidore. Now Kevin Bacon to make a cap
.that's a really stupid comment - U R a dumbfuck for thinking they should be suited up for a meeting with me - damn U R ignorant.
Time to put up JJ up front again..
That was a scary ass movie..
My mom told me that some of the guys you hangout with will get you in trouble. And I'm starting to see it.
Bitch I'm not talking to a 100 different ppl just because I rejected you many times doesn't mean you know shit .
Imma stop playin tho and get that
Alex Springer quoted me in her essay am I relevant yet can I have haters and be pretentious? Because suck it.
Wooooooooooooo Clint fuckin Dempsey! !!!!!!!
It's a great day packing for Vegas with a one-way ticket for at least two weeks
Omar little. RT\": you're in a snickers commercial. who plays you when you're hungry?\"
At this point my GPA is far too low to actually go to a real school and get out of here.
Only problem is not sleeping so I'm so bored it's unreal
Having that pessimistic feeling even though you know you shouldn't
Damn, that kick to the face was serious!
It's fitting that bud lights current campaign is \"are you up for whatever\" because bud light is truly the beer you have when you've given up
Haven't been in Mountain View in almost a year.
IM THREE MONTHS PREGNANT AND IM KEEPING IT
not very dandy right now. :\\
I just think tan lines are so gross like I want my whole damn body tan. Please.
IT'S ON OMFG IT HAS STARTED I'M NOT READY
I want to do swimming next year for memorial but i dont even know how to swim
There's a long list of shit going down iller than my July 4th
My parents had a long lecture with me about my actions lately
RCSD board VP Dennis McBride: this will be one of the hardest decisions we will make as a board.
When I give, I'm all in...but when I'm done, there's no turning back
Just missed out on two minutes of the US game...how the heck did we score?
I was ready to pounce on the booty tonight but was blocked
I'm still tired from last night
COSTAAAAAA RICAAAAAAAAA!!!!! WHAT A GAME!
My grandma had the polo hat on today straight flexing
Yea.....follow LEBRONS lead.... Hahahahaha!!!
Really need to get a checkup soon.... I put my body though hell, its eventually gonna catch up to me
Gagner will finally be on a better team than Tavares! Bromance revenge!
Getting my signing bonus this week, buying a new bikini top and it's gonna be TAN time starting this Friday
Been in buffalo for less than an hour and already see glass pieces all over the road
One thing you'd rather die than lose?
Me and dani are just tryin to do stuff ya feel
but na, fuck wearing red white and blue. i got hit w\/ a parking ticket yesterday.
I know I'm a handful but thats what you got two hands for
I will have absolutely nothing too do after this chem exam!!
Today we went into the Hyatt to the restroom and on our way out Alexa ran into the glass window and chipped her tooth lol
So June 26th consists of SAT scores, the World Cup, and the Lakers draft that Zack wants me to watch. Should be an interesting day.
Never seen a skunk til I moved to Yonkers
I want to know how it feels to sneak out of the house. It must be pretty thrilling if my sister does it all the time.
15 more hours of being off... I hate this countdown
Eating at a korean restaurant by myself
I beg you to find even the slightest hint of humanity in every person you experience or just encounter.Be kind. You have something in common
So like can this gap in my front teeth go away orrrrr.
I really can't express how much you annoy me
If you can put up with my while I'm on my period, I love you
Stop hating on Ariana's boobs you hoes... at least she can lean on her stomach :\\
Tran can't conduct an interview for her life.
I gotta get on top working harder on finding a job cause I need a phone ASAP.
There fucking nothing to do!!! I'm fucking bored!!!!
Bourbon for cookies is the best swap I've ever made with my roommate. :o)
everyone looks like they are gonna crap themselves
Someone watch 22 jump street with me
i repeat myself alot because u niggas need to know it
'': tener la necesidad de irte lejos y sacar todo esos sentimientos y el no poder ashh.''
Can i for one day only blike those white girls who are lucky to have a follow back from there fav people from magcon.YouTube.etc?
Still hasn't hit me tht I'm graduating high school tomorrow..
I don't know about the money situation , but melo in Oakland would be great too!
Some people should just not have a Twitter if all your gonna do is bitch and try to fight people smh
still got for yaaaaaa
You can congratulate Jermaine Jones at 281-330-8004.
Im jus not a fan of the whole floppin an rollin around thing , as a football player i say pop up sun , u good
Ain't nobody can fuck wit us
My sister just said my dad's her sperm doner...
Isaiah Briscoe &amp; are dominating! They're showing how dominant players from New Jersey are!
Someone's getting arrested in my backyard..I wonder what happened!
I hate how I touch the wrong button on my phone or on here....ugh
Mom: \"Don't show your muscles off; it makes you look like an ass.\"
If you are on Android hang tight. Ecliptic will be there soon.
JUST DL PAGAN ALREADY! Sheesh.
How. How. How. I'm really just gonna go to sleep and not wake up I bet.
Both times I left a man behind this year it's ruined my life. I gotta stop doing that.
On the other side of that, wealth is not worrying about getting every Spaghettio out of the can before throwing it away.
Balling the fuck outtt #$$$$
Who's feelin great escape tomorrow with me and
\": I honestly look like a crack head this morning\"\n\nMe every morning
it costs me nothing to pay you no mind
My goal in life is to go to every single place Banksy has made his mark l.
That Robben move was insane. And the shot with his off foot?!
I convinced my brother that the wasabi from my California rolls was guacamole and he ate in one bite and now he's crying HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
Why use money on strippers when you can but boneless BBQ chicken ? I'm confused man
nice to have the whole fam home :)
You're ugly af, I don't mean the outside...it's the inside
LBJ was such a boss, literally announced the members of the Warren commission to the press so they cldnt say no and he'd get his way
I am literally depressed to be back in NY
YG Just re'd up 2 Forr thaa night niggaaa
buy her the Benz see what she does with it
Always on the road. Back on long Island thank youu
I miss being on the phone at night for hours talking about pointless shit.
waiting for bus takes tooo long.
They scored? Lol
Mel: \"Who... Who.. Who.. Who.. Anthony, who..?\"\nAnthony: \"Are you a fucking owl?\"
With you i had a bad romance.
We Dem Boyz be me &amp; Mairas song!
I can't afford birth control but my employer offered to cover the cost of having female condom sewed on to my insides. Lucky I have options!
I'm gonna sell my Gekas jersey.
Something's up if you follow 2000 people and you only got 300 followers
Well this can't be good.
Yeah btw 22 jump street was super cool
Congrats on an amazing office warming! Great team and new office you guys have. CEO speech might need a little work.
I FORGOT COLLEGE IS IN TWO DAYS
I am probably the most unaffectionate person on this planet. Unless its a puppy... can't control myself around puppys
Wait is that the shorty from Skins UK version?
I think we have to stop using the word bitch in this house
This man is telling his whole life story to the train. Ok. Bye.
LOL man humans are funny things
Someone come give me a massage my back is killin me
Steve really trying to make me cry rn
I need to down load a shit ton of music when I get home shazam came in clutch over the weekend
Trying so hard to keep myself awake while rocking this presh baby to sleep.....it is an actually struggle.
Timmy with another big safe
I have carter feels when he wears his beanies
Tell me I can't. I dare you.
camila ayer me mando re al frente
And a man that walks you home is a true gentleman.
Looking for a FABULOUS car concierge experience? Check out on twitter
The Purge is a sad sad movie. But it was fun to watch it drunk tonight
Made an incredibly illegal turn while driving and ya know what... stone harbor police patrol straight up ignored it. Privilege.
So what happens with Coach Larry Drew? The guy was so excited to coach Jabari Parker, but the team double crossed him o_O
I have to say I am intrigued, or rather my interest has been piqued. \/\/ But when I look at you, I'm back home.
I wanna b like jonny Depp in Blow .
S\/o coming up with them clutch ass cheap tickets to see Fall Out Boy
\n\nGave you my heart\nGave you my soul\nWhen I tasted your love\nI lost Control
Just saw the hottest crew ever omg
Good afternoon. Are you in need of any assistance today, sir?
Bc my mind never stops thinking at this time of night.
Seems rather fitting that is playing at the same time as the San Francisco parade.
sad because I won't be attending the on the run tour
People have no manners. No regard for someone else's feelings
I will take the train to the beach literally everyday by myself due to lack if plans.
Chris being a Brooklyn nigga right now. No chill.
tumblr is full of aspirational nyc photos and i'm in bk like not even gaf
so I am done trying to be the good ex boyfriend. I'm done watching from a distance to make sure you have what you need and stay safe
Just watched series finale. It was a good run.
Need to get to LA for a week or two next summer..
And there goes Dempseys nose
I've never been a soccer fan but at the request of my dad I'm watching the World Cup
West Sayville Flying Dutchmen are the earliest meeting team in all of NYS! Meeting at 1130 for a 430 tournament. Sweet Jesus.
ultraviolence in my mind
Are my needs of a shower or the impetus of having to go to the gym more important? Discuss.
Already know I'm going to fail, is there a need to \"study\" ??
Does anyone have approximately a 4 foot flag or know where i can get one
I had no idea Castiel's appearance was based off of John Constantine. Derp. I guess i'm not a SUPER fan hur hur
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL USA U SA USA lets fucking Gooooooo!
The more color I get the more freckles I get all over my body
These are the kind of nights I love for
A strained left hamstring...
Damn, Dave. I didn't know you liked to get wet.
Not getting desired results from those thirst snaps I sent out
tybg that I can finally go home
Well, I wrote articles for Rolling Stone for many years and know for sure they fact check. They too are reporting Bobby Womack death.
Ofcourse my only day off tomorrow it's going to thunderstorm
You literally make me sick.
That dude mustve placed a curse on him or something it's hard to believe he's that stupid...
Bout to crash out at work
8th grade letter came in the mail. Balled my eyes out. Four years later and so much has changed.
Hip Hop Awards &gt; BET Awards
Ashley just tried to kill a lizard with a rock.
SOMEONE PLESSE PICK ME UP LIKE ITS SO IMPORTANT HELP
\": When I want something ill do anything to get it\"
Brandon told me that he likes my glasses and all I could do was say \"I like my glasses too,\" and awkwardly walk away.
when it comes to womens sausage wallets is a busted welly top or mouses ear more preferable?
Good Morning. Ready for games?
I think bell is moving to croyden
I'm gonna be od depressed when I finish this season of OITNB
Sometime I'm goody goody \/ Right now in naughty naughty
Was just offered a full ride to LSU
FUCKER HIT BAE IN THE HAND
Nah I'm dubbing in my seat I need to leave lol
The first time I chose the letter D on the Spanish final was on question 89. It was at that moment when I realized I was fucked
Some of these water pumps sound like rickety wooden roller coasters. Look kinda like giant robot anteaters or ostriches
a lot of people forgot how to respect a girl
Im going to be nice even if you're a bitchhhhh
Going against the grain, requires the most painstaking effort, but creates the most memorable timeless moments in life
Slide to the left...... Slide in yo DM's
S\/o to my mom for giving me a mf heart attack
First comic books that I will buy will probably be Transformers. Need me some of those. Probably gunna get The War Within first.
working on being the best version of myself in all aspects of my life.
This driver is incredible! She cannot stop laughing at all my awesome jokes!
Yup that's a broken nose
The sky just opened up and erica is freaking the fuck out
If you come up to me in the mall and ask me to buy your shitty product that I didn't want in the first place, I will punch you in the mouth
Ladies; I'm not mansplaining I'm just a condescending asshole.
Who trynna make me something to eat?
Billy Madison is on , Fuck Yeah!!!!!
Im getting mad selfish but its aight lol. Cuz so is everyone else
is drizzy even here im so irritated i just wanna see my baby
Nick Murtha's gotta be the most annoying tomato top ever seen on the face of the earth.
Being in your own better after sleeping out feels soooo good
Its too nice outside to have to go to work .
Wonder how many people wont be at rocky when school starts
I haven't moved from my couch all day
Men on tinder: stop taking pics w babies if you don't have any it's deceiving
Another day, another PK. CRC better pull through!
Beautiful ass goal right there !!!!
Don't try to talk to me if somebody from your past is still relevant.
The worst feeling is someone making you feel special, then leaves you hanging
YES AMERICA IS ON THE BOARD!!! WHAT A SHOT!!!!!!!
Heading to Stamford for the evening, and finally caught the train, but he's on vacation!!
I still can't find It in my heart to hate you
Can't even remember nolands twitter name right now but damn, wade fans have to be upset
last day in ny and it's spent with this shitty weather
No matter what, Lizzy will forever be one of my bestfriends, no matter what...
I would love to wake up to a Chuck bass every morning.
Forgot to water all these plants and now that they're all dead I hope that's not an indicator of my future maternal skills..
Not having to use wifi is awesome
Bought a benz for my baddest bitch
No orkut meu ex me mandou um scrap &gt; casamos\nNo feice descobri que era chifruda &gt; separamos\n\nFodam-se essas porras.
Not a big fan of soccer but wow, Dempsey's move
The amount of emails I get from different clothiers daily is sickening...
It's Like It Gets Better Each Day, Then At The Same Time It Just Kills B. Wtf Yo. Can't Wait For This Shit To Pass. Heart Just Aches.
I am relentless. I will not stop until I get what I'm after. Period.
Okay what was that thing? Im so confused
I really hope this thing happens. It would be the greatest thing.
lmfao my guy cousin told my sister to call me \"bae\" bc it stands for \"bitch always eatin'\" lmfao
Of course I'm always the fucking bad guy.whatever
Este bicho si habla mierda .
I want to be the one that you need
Then when y'all break up you feel on top of the world foh lol
Aly is in love with me and it took for me to leave Old Bridge for her to admit it
Lmao okay dude
It was just a booty call.
Yup that's a broken nose. On the side of his face.
W&amp;W, clockwork, and calvin harris killed it last night
in 4 hours I'll be on a flight to Atlanta... f u flying
Why do I have to be so short...
\": Michael Alig I knew that but profiting off his death is wrong n he didn't stop it
OUCH down. just killing it out there! Loving the crowd support for
35 seconds in. First goal.
Swiggity swag kyle fucked your dad
Walked to chipotle alone
My Colombian best friend is looking for a job at SF if somebody knows about an opening let me know
I wish i had someone to run with
all the women in this coffee shop singing along silently to \"Bills, Bills, Bills.\"
Worrying won't stop shit from happening, it just stop you from enjoying the good.
I have so many doubts and insecurities about my future. Maybe I'm just wasting my time..
I'm starving and he offers me a hotdog , he must want to get slapped
Uhm DUH. RT : 9. Would you keep a relationship if he\/she seems perfect, even though you're in college?
Sick shot ronaldo!
5 people in a corolla for a 5 hour drive fucking sucks
There's pretty nice housing out by candlestick park, highend midend $$. Maybe I'm simply overconfident these days no anxiety walk to train
I literally didn't do anything today lol So behind on everything.
Ten minutes into orange in the new black and I've cried twice already
Softballs look like purple pigeons.
US Census talking about removing bike &amp; walk modes from American Community Survey commute question.
US goin in
Watch the video bruh the one o told u about \"rico story\"
Have no way home from work and no money for food hahahha. So I gotta walk home with no energy hahhaha
The quick hitter
Why does society claim that skeleton girls with fake parts are \"sexy\"? I guess everyone now prefers a Rhinestone to a Diamond?
Hot dog eating contest or World Cup?
A lot of contradictions people put on themselves man
I stopped expecting gifts from my parents the day I wrote my first check to pay for rent....
Not what you expect from Jermaine.
I don't like Pete and Raquel together.
My teeth hurt and pain killers aren't helping. All I want to do is text my boyfriend but I think he is busy.
My lunch for tomorrow &amp; the fact that I'm making it &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Prince Zuko made avatar what it was tbh
Every soccer player fakes injuries
Currently Fucking stressed
But will accept DM's and other inquires
\"Abuse no one and no thing, for abuse turns the wise ones to fools and robs the spirit of its vision.\"
Great defense under immense pressure. Well deserved win, Costa Rica!
Why didn't I join the twerking contest
We've got a kiddie operation going on here.
florida kilos &amp; brooklyn baby are my favs from ultraviolence
We all have the same body parts just saying.
TODAY IS THE GREATEST DAY OMG ILYYY
When you crying over a nigga and your throat starts to hurt. Just makes me wanna chop your dick off for causing all that lmfao
I'm currently watching, 911: in PLANE site. Did I mention how much I love Netflix?
Jake brown the moto cross expert
fuck you \n\n\"You just did partner\"
Living with but there's so much shit I wish I could've changed.
My hair will probably always have red tones and that gives me anxiety tbh
I smell the marijuanas
Si \": tienes ws. ?\"
Can't wait to be in New Orleans for who do I know that'll be there?
I love clothes with american flags on it idk why I just have a thing for them
The only time I was so upset about my financial aid package was last year lol GW can't get it right
Not impressing nobody anymore so what's the point in looking good
Pero el puto de CHIRIBOGA es tan tacano el hp, que no querra pagar lo que vale EDGARDO BAUZA. EXCELENTE TECNICO que puede dirigir a Ecuador
I'm going to need that Men In Black flashy light thing to forget about the Red Sox performance thus far this year. Fucking awful.
ViF subverts this approach, by using the stage as a setting (rather than the gleeful absence of a setting) +
I wana visit Miami so bad man that's my dream
Just thinking about it pisses me off so much
Can someone explain to me like I am a 6 year old, how buy outs by $ORCL $ATT and are priced by the date of the LEAK news by Bloomberg News!!
THE BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD IS TO KNOW THAT I COULD GET SUPER FUCKED UP TN CUS I DONT WORK TIL 6PM TMM!!!!
Bey got 2 nominations and still lost
Can I go back to sleep? It's too early for chem
But that ain't none of my business though
I always struggle deciding to go to the Clinton fireworks or not. I love the fireworks but HATE the people in this damn town.
ITS SO HOT IN HERE IM GONNA CRY
Not a hamstring
There are so many things I wish I didn't do and didn't happen in the past few months and this is really annoying.
I literally just sat in the theater and sobbed as the credits rolled
I was so close to voluntarily going to eat at Chipotle. What is wrong with me???
I can tell its a holiday because the BART train is not PACKED!
Can't wait to watch \"Do Work\" tomorrow
oooh a month from today i'm going to be in manchester :')
who looks at a baby and says \"hmm yes this infant looks like a Nelson\"
Im trying to get fucked up on Friday
Messi is to nice
Mmm I know I said hi to him but that's ok
I'm not really a psycho girlfriend .. Maybe just a little :-) I care a lot .
no va al como equipo pero si como arbitro
Come on portugal
Brought a gallon of milk into krispe kreme lol
Knicks fucked up when they gave up Tyson Chandler yo wtf
Excuse me but you don't know my life or the path that I've taken to get as close as I am. My character isn't determined by a paper.
The good and bad times.. We've been through them all
I hate when I pass out on the couch and I wake up all out of sorts not knowing what day it is
\": it's really sad how one lie can make you question it all. trust is everything.\"
of they pick happy ima throw my phone
so many things to throw on the ground
Just sitting down trippin looking at the fireworks that went off for like 30 mins during excision &amp; seeing everyone going nuts was amazing
take a deep breath no need to panic, lips so french..
the run and go \/\/ twenty one pilots
\": It hurts when I lay on my stomach\" tummY
I seriously think he does more drugs then me and put together
my question is why do some streets not have lanes in this city
All I want is to see the hot dog eating contest in person at Coney Island but no one ever wants to go.
Gets tackled in penalty box. No call
My husband is dumb. He doesn't like Django Unchained. I'm enthralled just five minutes in
Or do I want to cry bc the homeless man in front of my house got raw hamburger out of a garbage bag resulting in me feeding him dinner.
The future makes me anxious, not because I am incompetent, but because I fear that's what employers or grad schools may see me as.
Catfish is so real .... Omg
My lady will be a blessing and my best friend
This dude just made him fall!!
Sometimes before it gets better\nThe darkness gets bigger
great to see one of my favorite Francisco Cervelli back in the lineup. He played a great game tonight in victory over Toronto
am I the only one who wipes make-up off one side of My Face &amp; just stares into the Mirror like Daang
Happy birthday America, now it's time to get fucked up
Forgot it's FISH FRY FRIDAY which means it's FISH FRY or STARVE \/ :
I think I'll read for an hour &amp; then sleep.
I had a gnarly dream that all my friends from NYC\/CT\/MA were at one huge festival and we got so rowdy. McClain head walked on the crowd.
What are they going to do when their body dries up and the beauty of their mind is all they have? What a shame to live a life of pretense.
You can't hurt me if I'm already broken.
Dude from San Francisco:Thought Catalog\n has posted today great 27 steps on how to get Laid- a must read for all .
Listening to Beer in the Headlights and wondering what kind of beer drinks.
Always thought was the week link of
And I'm fucken grounded....
Q\/A Session with Matt Redman!! Let's go!!
Rip d Wade
dont want to talk to u anymore anyway...
Damn so it was Angie martinez last day on hot 97. We all group up on her the voice of NY
i was cleaning and then i remembered i hate pants
Jermaine Jones! Let's go baby!
kinda weird if you ask me
is it September yet ??
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; New Avi!
No card reff!!???
That's how I wanna exit places...on a damn dragon.
Lmao im glad to kno im not the only nigga that says spinking is trash as a dj
\": \"Esas ganas de cerrar los ojos y que todo vuelva a ser como era antes.\"\"
I need to open a bank account. I need to start shopping for clothes, bags, and stuff for college.
How about Emma return and she gets a title shot. \n\n:(
Conan reviewing video games is my new favorite thing why didn't I know about this
Kelsey will pass global...
Something good must have just happened in the World Cup. The bar next door just erupted in cheers and USA chants.
I'm not even friends with tori hart
\": id gaurantee youd never wanna leave hahaha\" and why is that? Haha
That was like the worst fail in history okay let me try this again lol 1st day of college completed !
Cookies nd milk type of night !
I'm over my whole wardrobe
My rarest book is \"Leaves in the Mist\" with only a few more then 30 made. I've become quite the boxmaker. Thornwillow MAKES boxes. Sognando.
Just heard on the radio about US soccer: \"You don't have to be good; just be less bad.\"\nUnfortunately, that describes America so accurately.
Get the fuck out of here ugly fucking cunt
Que mi jefa me mando a comprarle 3 pastries y le salieron en 20$ jajaja normal
People feel some type of way over everything these days.
Going down in every section on the SAT&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I just want this shift to end.
Bold Predictions 2-1 3-2
Soooo bored someone text me
Idk who to follow on tumblr lol
I secretly hope that it thunders and lightnings tomorrow just so I don't have to go to work
Now we're in fremont passing out cards.
Gonna miss Director's Commentary by while waiting in line!! Boo Sean, boo!
shit this song is 9 minutes long skip
so I hope the irony of it being a bird that did this is not lost on you
I caved in and watch oitnb
IM PISSED KALIN AND MYLES WERE AT THE ALAMEDA FAIR TONIGHT &amp; IM GOING TOMORROW. WTF
Tomorrow is gona be hot! :'(
Another overnight tonight
Jess just said guys with dicks are a turn off
I ain't sleep since Friday
5 years ago a legend died...5 years and one day later...a new legend was born into the industry. I'm so proud of you.
That bitch is on it yeah she gifted
It's nice to catch up with old friends
Still not over Paul Walker's death like why
My house is like the beginning of Home Alone right now lol cwazzyyyy
Stella Maris in two weeks
Eating almonds and she still looking gorges
There's not a day I don't regret the shit I put you through
I know you always tell me that you never judge people for their past but, I crossed that fucken line.
My dad just answered the phone and said \"yo! \" &amp;&amp; I just dropped my mom off at the beach house so she can get drunk, something's wrong here
i just wanna fuck and eat chipotle.. too much to ask?
1\/2 I am truly grateful to every one of the 3000 for your support. [Even those who, right now, are saying, \", I follow this guy?\"]
This lady this some extreme cleaning &amp; now she want me to clean my room.
When am I coming on your with you?
I loovveee when everyone from our grade parties together
Messi's an animal
HAHAHAHA SHOT OF HOT GIRL CUT TO FAT GUY EVERY TIME
Love can touch us one time\nAnd last for a lifetime\nAnd never let go till we're gone
a rafa recem saiu daqui :)
Like maybe if you'd focus on your own life more and less on others, you'd be less miserable
can't remember to forget you
I can not make my phone ring by looking at it. I can not make my phone ring by looking at it. I can not make my phone ring by looking at it.
Im doing this for the thrill of it.
From NJ to Yonkers to JFK Airport and back to NJ just cuz I love my little cousin . Safe travels!
Free show tonight by myself because everyone sucks and they don't like cool stuff like me
YASSS USA USA USA
lol @ political analyst saying is just trying to give the \"a bone to chew on\" - get them a pacifier too!
there's a difference between twerking and moving your body side to side lmao .
I wish the best of luck for the FIFA teams. it's going to be great day for FIFA and 4th of July. :D
Those new mega m&amp;ms are the shizzle.
Did USA just score (again)? Because Manhattan is screaming so loud my window is cracking.
Looking forward to training today with !
Long hair life style might not make it
sometimes I give myself the creeps, sometimes my mind plays tricks on me
Clint Dempsey is a beast lol
I'd like to not go to the bar tonight but daddy's not gonna let me stay home :|
this sucks bc I like sleeping on my stomach ):
Lets see if I can hit the gym before the brazil game too lol
...but I'm not surprised at all. Guess we were no exception this year.
Me: \"We should get a blanket for the table.\"\n: \"I'm warm as it is.\"\n: \"We'll take the five-person blanket.\"
If there is a couple that is meant to be together it's these two weirdos haha
Daytrotter did a session w Flatbush Zombies!?
Y cada vez que me enfermo tus besos son mi remedio.
FUCK OFF NANI
Today could be a very good day for Argentina ...
Who knows when that Mexican is not working at fitness 19 ?
I get mad as fuck when I'm hungry and can't find something good too eat!!
me and Natalie studying = us ordering a pizza, watching cops, and then taking a nap
\"Does anyone even like him?\" \"I DO!\" Watching H2O with Bridget
Scary movie commercials scare me more than when I actually go to see the movie like what
If the whole world was blind. How many people would you impress?
My oldest son told me I was his favorite preacher. \n\n(You trying to make your daddy cry or something boy.)
I guess work till 1130 now
Now that my little cousin is here she has messed up my sleep scedule
Awww phil of the future on disney channel rn. Wish you were here
Just traded my Hawaiian shirt with for one of Neck Deep's shirts lol
Only in America to we incorporate heavy boozing in so many holidays
Drew and Kevin just broke up a fight between two deaf people.
I def stir up the shit pot sometimes on purpose. It's worse that I know I do it isn't it.
si quieres algo bien hecho, hazlo tu mismo.
.Collingridge, D. (1984). Lessons of nuclear power US and UK history.
75 years ago today Lou Gehrig gave one of the best speeches in American &amp; World history, it's just something you don't forget
hoy he visto demasiada gente hermosa y feliz.
Uncle Jessie will forever be the hottest dad on television.
Being single is so much better you don't gotta deal with fighting and bs all the time you get to just have fun
Who wants to beach it after 3rd period exam... Anyone anyone
If all you're going to do is come on twitter and tweet for sympathy, delete your fucking twitter.
It's looking like a Tekken Tag Night
The fact that the new galaxy is waterproof makes me want it, I just couldn't do without FaceTime.
ReTweet: \": You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones.\"
I don't care what anyone says but actually did pretty good in her wwe reign
Dempsey is a beast!!!!!
If I've seen your feet I just can't respect you. I'm really sorry.
How is there no headphones emoji?
Relief is still a form of stress ,astleast in my life
See it's only a metaphor
Everything we want in life has its price, especially dreams that come true. That and blowjobs.
This weather is so perfect for my mood right now.
- ' ||, Estaa [A b u r r ii d ii c ii m o o] Valee -,-
Who wants to hangout tonight?
WHAT IS A GOOD NAME FOR A ORANGE CAT????!
Saves London, tosses terrorist bitch out a window and gets the girl. An average day for Jack Bauer.
THAT AMAZING MOMENT WHEN NOTICES YOU ON YOUNOW
Gimmie ya love gimmie ya love
Today was going so well until Bart decided to break down :(
\": Should've went to Mexico ..\" that's How you're gonna feel.
Everytime I'm in south city j turn into a monster like super ugly
put my uncle ben up for gas
why didn't anyone yell at me isn't that illegal
Sometimes I wonder if I even have any type of feelings left I'm so cold.
Guys who act like girls on social media make me lol
\"So tell me the rest of your criminal record\" \"once i changed my color, but it didnt work so I changed it back\"
I have no friends in this class smh
Addicted to the smell and feel of a leather jacket
Just Tell Me Who Wins MVP
The brevity of anons also mitigates and harms them in ways they dont even know
smmfh. RT : A Chicago teen killed his brother because his brother got a higher score than him on Flappy Bird.
Joey Murray goes into surgery today
I will braid this into your hair and superglue some onto your purse
A plane flies over my house every 5 mins
And I can't stand them bootsie ass Android cameras...
That sad moment when you get to the end of the chex mix and it's all pretzels
May or may not break out a pencil and the book rn. More of something comin for sure
Itz so annoyin wen ppl say \"I'm not straight-edge RN\" or \"I wasn't straight-edge last night\" -_- SxE is somethin u do everyday all the time
so hype my phone charger broke!!
Some maybe or maybenot liked me but they know what it is and I ain't wit that fuckin with my crew\/niggas shit
&amp; I don't think I was in love lol i think I was just used to having him... Pero quien sabe!
Can't believe suavemente was playing in the cafe while we were making signs. That made my day.
I'd like someone else to live for but for now I just live for me
LOOKS LIKE IM GUNNA BE MENTALLY UNSTABLE FOR THE NEXT WEEK
When's the last time you did something for the first time ?
Just fucking beauteous
i've noticed your lack of fun and am here to fix it
.things I like about wine: Burgundy. Without it we wouldn't have Russian River Pinot, Chardonnay or the Willamette! \n\n
My phone take forever to charge
Caps lose to NB Pearl 5-3. John Gavin (Fullerton) w\/ a very strong start (5 inn., 1 R). Tim Susnara (Oregon) hit a HR. Travel day tomorrow.
Catch me L walking on bell
i wanna be a good kid.
Honest to god, I am blessed to have 2 amazing siblings
Today is a big day...yes, Colombia plays
i am in such a bad mood But Why
The tall brown guy who works at 7-11 wants to hangout with me and stone
Also y haven't I started my paper
Everyone watch as matt walks home
GENTE SE ALGUEM ARRUMA PLAYER DE TWOLF HJ ME PASSA
Maxie just threatened to kick me out of her house bc I said \"Greece suck my ass\"
Maybe this makes me a traitor, but I wish we would just get on board and start calling it football.
is playing in what feels like 100 deg weather. Can you imagine players playing every game in this while in
I don't wanna lose you but ..
Playing uno attack with my mom is hilarious!!
Why is there a \"Revolution of 1800,\" if the Federalists were still pitching presidential candidates capable of wining states until 1816?
If you didn't secretly cheer inside when Harry mentioned American wizards in passing in GoF, you are either now American or lying.
All I see is \"awake\" on my timeline.... Y'all better buy that good NyQuil!
This guy don't look Greek. He looks mixed...
Today I spent an hour in a furniture store just sitting on couches wishing I had one.
\": Real Love is unconditional\" SAY SO REVEREND
What are you supposed to do when your office has no power until 1:30
Woah why am I still up?? Def slow for that chem regents 2m
Hotdogs for breakfast because AMERICA
Thats none of my business though
When DSNY official denies there is GPS technology in street sweepers, Councilmember argues \"that's not what I know\"
1983 \": 1988 RT : When did you fall in love with Hip Hop?\"
Congrats, seniors! Now off to Chipotle!
the discussion of replacing the CLS 550 has started
I want ALL of you to follow me on Instagram. @ shaunpratt4L
I had a pretty shitty day but is bought a super cute sun hat so how bad can my life really be. Am I right ladies or am I right.
Quiero arrancar de mis besos tu sabor
passive aggressive bitches these days, I swear.
El problema comienza, cuando el bullyng te lo haces a ti mismo.
I torture alex on a daily basis
It Ain't nothing to cut that chick off
if you only hmu when you need something we can't be friends .
I'm what you've been needing, it's all hear and my hearts pleading let me be your star.
Whoa.... 9 years later &amp; she finally uses some music
Wade is done.. Only way they get a chance is if Melo signs with Heat.
I already have the monogrammed patriotic running shorts from but I want the patriotic ones from too....
I love how even though we don't speak all the time you still in the cuts and got my back
Can anyone in Brooklyn go check on ? He's had a taxing day
When it's real it don't fade
Hahaha Springfield canceled the fireworks. I love NY.
\": indirecting him bc he locked me out of his room and I know he's on twitter\" BUSTED
Go to Toastmasters meeting, or USA-Ghana? I think I have my answer.
MANU IS A FUCKING STUD. MAKING UP FOR THE FINALS LAST YEAR AT THE MOMENT
these little kids are better than us :-(
If u like beer come to spiros
Thank you guys for liking the avi.\n\nTell me what you think about the header.
Civilian dictators !:: Punj govt sets up barriers around TUQ house again earlier removed by killing13 &amp; injuring100
I could cry thinking about how much I love my friends this morning but that might be cause I'm still drunk
Before I can get ready for GoT i'ma need to bake some chocolate chip cookies. Browned butter chocolate chip! Mmmm.
Two taps mean put your foot in the water everyone knows that internationally chinese code
I love my dad neighbor now we finna toke tonight! (':
if two people are happy together, don't try to fuck that up for them
Fuck yo weed i got my own smoke
Share your positive experiences w\/local businesses with us!
What do you say to a dealership that has just one coupon on their website... for a 2011 model accessory?
Saudade da vida que eu tinha antes
i either do stupid things with my spare time or i off myself on the real. lifes too short
I just belched and scared two scrawny blonde girls so my night is a win I guess
Mmmmmm Nick's mom is making coffee and it smells sooo gewwwwwd just too tired to get up and ask her to make me a cup
Stackin and Flippin it - Snootie Wild
When I first met you, you were nothing more than another face. But 6 months later &amp; you're the only face I could find in a crowded place
my mom just asked me if I wanted salsa.. oooMFGG
Have a feeling Greece might win
Had to wait 45 mins for the L train bc it's fucked up ~ then missed my phone call interview bc no service ~ wonderful
Cant Have Your Cake And Eat It Too.
My mom is so fuccin hard headed.\n\nShe got me hot. Smh
I want nothing more than the love that my great grandma and great grandpa share.
my wife tried to choke me last night
I stopped saving numbers a while ago . Half of the time idk who I be texting
I'll even forgive the fact that I have a 5:30am flight bc DELTA YOGA AND DELTA LOVE AWAITS ME
Where we @
Marni &amp;Kayla are on a ,2 week cross country road trip just the 2 ,of them awesome that is a parents dream &lt;3
I wonder how great of an NBA career Len Bias would of had
I will never understand the need to hurt people who care most about you.
Met a nice beetle in my room... I cannot win
Srsly could eat the whole kitchen rn..wtf is wrong with me?!?!
One year red hair. Now one year of another colour.
Have you ever been so upset you just stop caring about literally everything? That's me right now.
OH MY GOD. Had to unfollow and I dorffman cause her annoying fucking play by play tweets. No one watches tv shows on time shut the fuck UP
The comparison of my body now to it in the beginning of this year has me mindfucked
SHE TOLD MEET HER THERE I LOVE THIS
Where the fuck is lebron ?? Kobe factor he just don't have it !!!!
I know I'm blunt but how real is that? You want that still feeling back?
Jesse Chavez at the plate looks like a baseball bat holding another baseball bat
Can't ask for a better strike.
AMERICA AGAIN, MARK SCHMIDT IS DANCING!!!!
he hit me and it felt like a kiss
I hate when you think someone cares abd than they come with some bullshit. Your the fucking crazy one not me
No matter how troubled my mind, being at camp eases it.
like should I text you or should I just wait and maybe not get a text from you
There's nothing worse than seeing your best friend be hurt or upset
The bible allows for Slavery too. Does that mean a corporation has the right to own slaves because of their religious beliefs?
If I have nothing to say I won't talk ...
I fell in love today. There aren't any words you can say, that could ever get my mind to change.
usually love my birthday but no one is gonna be around for it this year
If perform she better not perform
o shoot Denise makin eggplant parm for dinner
I wish it would fricken rain so my day off doing nothing is spent without guilt
Can't believe she's 21 omg my queen
I just wsnt to make money and start all over
I know way to many people here right now that I didn't know last year.. Who the fuck are y'all ?!
Robin Thicke is on the red carpet: AWKWARD.
That's. A. Red. Card. Wtf
tiny shoe was dope .
Sprints and 2 mile run all done time to it the gym and work on some biceps
WHY DO I HAVE TO CLEAN MY ROOM UGH
Seeing everyone at the creamery tonight...should've dressed better
I just want someone famous to tweet me
No les pasa que tiene un hermanito muy necio?
Really hope they have the double covers like last years 2K game
L. O. L.
I'm always the one that loses
Im about to drag her ass out to Jog with me!!
Abi mo naluyag man siya gali ky gin pasakayan ya lang ka.
Jake Clark honestly has the audacity to slide into my DMs right now
Gotta go to sauqouit to get diesel cause everything in Winfield is closed
I've only ever met one other Xavier in my life. Lol, he was an asshole too.
I met so many people that day
Jaysap is a motha fuckin legenddddd
Next transformers cartoon is to take place years after Prime. Interesting
Jk sumi j facetimed me so I'm back
Una persona que sabe lo que hace, jamas explica.
Ppl getting shot at today lol
WOOOOHOOOOO!!! GO !
Oh, I think he like me.
I BELIEVE!!!!! USA!!
I will be in attendance of beach week part 2
It's weird to think how much can change in just a year
You don't have all the answers Pharell.
Happy muthafucken birthday hope you are enjoying your day and having fun enjoy yourself and turn upp!!
How's that gauranteed win lookin now??
You cannot describe how amazing the morning smells are in a forest.
I would go for yet another run but the way my thighs are aching....
Niggas be having worse attitudes then females sometimes
hit me up if you wanna chill in like 5 hours
Even if Isner were to come back to win in five sets, his chances of going much further have been greatly reduced.
I'm graduating tmm, well today in 15 hours... Shit
\": thank you sooooo much! I'm serious about Brunch !!\" Yes let me know in advance so i can request a sunday off
Contract for Charter School in Bx# Security.
\"What do you like \".......a question I can't even answer... smh
Perfect night for a fire
\" A God you understood would be less than yourself. \"
The sexiest part of temptation \" if you want me say it \" . . \" I want you \" . . * sex in the tub *
Frist chipotle on Austin st now a bareburger YAS!!!!!
I need friends that actually care, not just pretend they do.
I learn a lot of stuff from these talks with my dad and his friends \nsome that I didn't wanna know about but it changes my views on a lot of
I have A lot of hw
I'm so bored. Tired of reading books and watching series
Just got showed up in a 35+ league. Ouch.
Caprice if you don't like where a shower is being OFFERED.Throw your own &amp; pay for it.You aren't an American I'd hang with.
So i have a cold , bloody nose , sun burn , and now my ear hurts i am convinced im gonna die
Pels always in a \"imma flame you and your mum\" mood lmao
Tony literally came out of fucking nowhere. He's great.
Every ones looking at me like I'm Hiter. Nigga fuck you it's a fire work and it's Americas b day
It feels so good to put my ring back on
Didn't know Chauncey Billups was still in the NBA
All the tweets from relationship goals make me laugh haha, who would want a relationship like that? Or a relationship in general lol
Fallbrook high is now a totalitarian dictatorship I'm praying for your souls.
Stopped in the mountains for the night. I can only imagine what the morning is gonna look like
Lesson learned from this weekend - let go of anything that doesn't make you money, make you stronger, or make you happy
In b4 Arii gets kicked from nV on his birthday. nek minut offered into darth for his bday present
I wish I could be more consistent about eating healthy :( I had a big, juicy burger today.
I seen a couple of my followers at pride ... Looking right sexy .. No comment
Montauk is cool. I'll be back
Childish all these other sport accounts only put USA goals smh
La cumbia del pistolero lpm mugre
Ben Savage still looks 17yrs old
Who has the problem when they thinking of 2 men together maybe 1 shouldnt picture it there head let god decide them not us
LOSING MY PATIENCE HERE.
Whoa! US goal in the first 25 seconds!
Jermaine jones is the man
I close my eyes and I can't sleep. My head is gonna explode.
This weather is made for people like me that would like to lay in bed all day and eat
Hey Ro' watch it flow. It's time for the Romeo Show.
First things first.....iggy is not the realest
I want to make you look forward to tomorrow.
Why isn't bron on the court tho? Play to the end my g
Late night dance party w at Spiegeltent TONIGHT! I'm hosting. Happy July 4th Hudson Valley!!!
If bobby didn't look at my car tonight it probz would have blown up tomorrow
This cracked phone isn't funny and it put me in a bad mood and it's only been this way for like 40 minutes
I hear you
This 5 o'clock traffic is not okay
Casey Alegria might as well be a god
I HAVE TO WAIT 3 MORE FREAKING WEEKS AND I AM NOT PREPARED FOR THEM TWEETING ABOUT I SONG THAT I HAVE NEVER HEARD BEFORE.
Why study for your regents when you can watch the vampire diaries lololol
almost lost my life 100 times.\ni tried to ignore 100 signs.\n\ni guess Jehovah loved me,\nman, i heard that shit 100 times.
Fish sexy kind arch kc dun Oxalis children Alt cig fino be bi do Web
A LOT OF DRUGS ON THESE STREETS THESE DAYS BUT YA PUSSY IS THE WORST ONE
My room at Hyatt House in NC was the size of a studio apt in Manhattan.
do I really want to order pizza is the question...
Already sore af everywhere, goin to the gym at 10-1, then Khalil and I are cleaning Claudia's house since she's moving. And it's gotta be...
The struggle of having it and not be able to fuck with it.
Hear you me by Jimmy Eat World &gt;&gt;&gt;
Whisper to me how sexy it is that I cleaned my room.
Did I see you with another bitch or nah?
At this bar and no fucking rooom to dance
If it's and you don't have ice pops in your freezer, I don't trust you.
Mom stop talking to me like we're bffs if you just got done telling me I can't go out. Friends don't tell friends what to do!
let these next couple months fly by &amp; be good to us
I hate being single but have yet to find a sane boyfriend
Tikr fo sports
whenever i make cup noodles or ramen i always add a bunch of extra sauces to it.. so good
I'm so bad with physical affection that when I give it, my family is surprised. Then they joke that I'm in love.
Como sabe que me queje porque me clavo visto , si no lo vio? jajaja
Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option.\n\nMaya Angelou.
Ugh i hate having to see his stupid face
Please stop tweeting about your sex life. We aren't jealous or impressed, I too could sleep with half of the town
hey, , a quick back story behind \"forever\"?
I can't sleep...but I'm so tired.
I love being fucked over by someone I do everything for :)))) k
Tweeting is fun I have no flowers
how he'd slowly creepy down the line and clap his hands
If the game ends tied then everyone in this damn group of death gotta fight for the 2 spots on Thursday
Ohh shiit , hamstring injuries are the worst
The devil wears black and he goes by jack and he's really good at helping me forget.
F yeah drake n josh on youtube
These miles are so rough after this weekend.
Why ppl always wanna play with me? I don't play.
I just wanted to say that since I was watching
Sours keep it up.
Lmao who the hell would want a keychain!!??!
1. jay's new shirt still had the security tag on it 2. The garage broke so his car was stuck in side 3. He's drinking diet cola&amp; run
Day today to start money making.
I hate when I exit out of tumblr and I'm already far down my dashboard
Spurs better not fuck this up again like last year lol
I just went!! should have came with meeeee!
stay with me
I will go to Plitvice, Croatia by the time I'm 25
Does someone want to be my favorite person and let me use their Netflix account? &lt;3
Thank god for a glass of jack on the rocks
Tomorrow is 90 degrees.... Oh my god.
Just tell me exactly what you are thinking don't beat around the bush
i think i will be taking some train rides to west coast cities for some vacation. might ask for willing couches to crash on
i stopped listening to lil wayne after the carter 3..
Ogilvy &amp; Mather Soars into Cannes Lions 2014 with Grand Prix and Two Creative Effectiveness Wins.
its one thing to act hollywood,its another to act like your beyonce.calm tf down
If u a college baseball player and ur goal isnt to play in the cape. U not dreamin hard enuff
1. I get on Bart headed from Embarcadero to 16thST , a cute lady gets on the next stop , she smiles at me, I smile back , I say hi
Damn, he's done. That's never a good sign
If no doctor can fix my mom I swear nobody better not say shit to me you will be liable to get fucked up .
I always know when I go to a family members grad party, there will be great homemade food
Music makes me feel some sort of way
Sometimes I'm glad that I've lost friends down the road because I've met even better friends. Don't dwell on the past. The future's cool.
So I'm just sittin in the studio just tryna get to you baby
You know I got experience so you know I want to experience
Top 2 Spanish words ever: hablabamos and hablaba
Oh yea boss you can tell me I'm doing a bad job today. Fucking Stalin.
I've only been ID'd at Phillys like 4 times in the last hour. No underagies tonight
or don't I mean I don't need to give you more followers or anything
i'm no hero i put my bra on one boob at a time like everyone else.
\": what is like to be important to someone\" feel u
As I'm currently sittin in my bedroom doorway for my two bars of service. I wish my muscle relaxers would relax my brain too.
Moving to Florida is so scary but I'm so happy
I enjoy nature so much ugh it's amazing
Remember when Julie pretty much told us she wasn't pregnant and Warren and Co tried so hard to fix that?
Why don't I feel the need to study
Officially decided that I'm gonna buy a lot of spandex when I start my job
Mama rollin that body got every man in here wishing
Angie isn't trying to wait any longer to get married. Ashanti needs to get with the program.
That's Mr. Evil Dr. Pork Chop to you
Well once again.. Why did i fast food. Dammit that shit is terrible
SHUT UP ! Nobody likes you ! I don't even know why you're fucking here
I love being hung over &amp; going to work..
I should of pulled over and bitched him out
I seriously wanna know how long it takes for ppl to cake their face in the morning..
Thank God I remembered to record Teen Wolf
Finna pop on Netflix for the rest of the night
he gave up
ah, look at you....doing all the things you used to bitch at me for doing.\n
A mi ni me diga chama al favoL
Let's see how many times my dad has to go to the hospital today to take care of people blowing their hands off from fireworks
My new favorite player is Odrisamer Despaigne most badass name of all time
Everyone crying though. Well congrats to Tamela Mann!!
i wish softbank was MY father
How to tell if someone is a wee bit bored
If only it were acceptable to punch your parents.
OMG HAYLEY JUST PASSED THE SECOND KNUCKE TOO!
I am going to smack the shit outta my sister She over here fucking with me think this shit is a game
What's a good way to say I was politely making conversation but definitely not hitting on you\/flirting back so go away plz?
Im paranoid , im trippin ,\nIve been smokin . Ive been drinkin.
A bit excessive for the stretcher lol
Phony ass family members can't hmu to congratulate me but hmu for other shit
Tonight I'm going to feel like Josh's grandpa from Drake and Josh yelling USA a bunch of times
If you go to the beach and don't get crispy...did you even go to the beach?
All good things come to those who are patient.
I will never in my life do this shit ever again
yall want my money or are we gonna have a problem
Your family will ruin everything it's a fact
Ok seriously? I specifically send you a text answering all of your future questions just so you won't ask me later yet you're asking me now
How come I'm looking around.....For parking(;_;)\nIt's almost hour.\nProbably I don't have the guts to surf.
Ahhhhh goallll already
Gave my 15 year old cousin beer and shes trashed now... Whoops, sorry mom
I hate that my fone is acting SLOW alrdy..WTF I only had it for afew months
Peanut Live 215 is my inspiration
It irritates me when people take forever and a day to text me back
is heading to Coney Island for the 2014 Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest
Some say the X make the sex spec\nTaculah\nLet me like ya frm ya neck to the back of yaa
Rather depressing giants game to attend.
Yo everyone slow motion reaction is my favorite part!
I get to see Billy in 15 minutes and I'm so fucking excited.
Officially done with my junior year!
Few of my wall st friends have done their proverbials last year or so .. Amazingly they still get paid big checks and their bonuses get held
I don't like the beginning of the oitnb intro song
Ahh my life is going so good now.
Teen wolf is such a terrible show &amp; i always get stuck watching it
I really hate it when ppl say they're depressed on Facebook or any social media. What's that gonna do for you? Nothing.
I neeeeed to go the beach one day this week before camp starts next week
&amp; I wonder if I ever cross your mind... For me it happens all the time
I'm feeling eel-etric tonight *slithers on floor like a snake eel*
I think I like the thought of you more than your presents .
Got Summer hatin on me cuz Im hotter then the sun Got spring hatin on me cause I aint never sprung
USA is the GOAT
If yall would hear my mom right you'd think she was crazy haha
So try my pocahontas sacajawea ass bitch
\"I dribbled my way into their hearts \"\n\nHahah omfg I love you already!
Your mistakes do not define you. How bounce back from those mistakes is what does.
Parenting ProTip: buy your kids really good mattresses.
Other than LeBron James on this team no-one else has heart
Been a ghost to twitter all day.
this fucking kid has been playing the guitar badly for like 20 minutes im jumping off the 36th floor rn
My Top Super Heroes: \nSuperman \nBatman\nCaptain America\nSpiderman\nFlash\nHulk\n(Not In Any Order)
I hate that I bruise too easily
Is this god testing me?
I'm reading articles on the resiliency of NY post Hurricane Sandy. It's incredible the rebuilding that has been done here.
$ punkingharry $ hello lis :D ur layout is so adorbs and u seem rlly lovely
I think I'm just gonna binge watch Teen Wolf tonight.
EMILY BLOCKED ME BC I EXPOSED HER
i need to stop wearing makeup but to do tht i need to stop being ugly and thats not happening anytime soon
U mean be ratchet !! Lol
Childish when people wanna act funny style to you around different people
Messing with Nkechi never gets old
I LOVE YOU CLINT DEMPSEY.
Ps3 updating v.v tryna watch moives bruhhhh
No bullshit - Chris Brown
More results less excuses '
This manga has the SICKEST character designs, before fights they dress soooo fresh like the black friend is so fresh every other chapter
It's like interactive TV--another thing that sounds cool to a very narrow audience, but a snooze to most people who just want to watch TV.
I'm Georgia perry and I'm bored
Running outta DD stickers. Gonna need to reup ASAP! Wonder who has the hookup on them these days... Hmm ...anyone?
we're so happy, even when we're smiling out of fear.
A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart you know
Idc I know I can be a bitch
if this consistent 2 month straight groin pain turns out to be a hernia then karma is real Cus I'm always making jokes about Austin's hernia
It's so lit!
Some girls be rocking the shit out of they summer dress I be like oooooo doo yo thang ;)
I'll find a pic of me and my ex somewhere
We only got 86,400 seconds in the day to turn it all around or throw it all the way
Baby be the life of the party, take your shot it might be scary
Because if you could pull that off, that extra 1-1.5M could be instrumental in keeping Boyle and Stralman
Lord we decree prayer mantles being Released right now
Busta Rhymes looked mad dumb last nite
If you don't root for the USA you're a communist
Damn, who drank all my Chai
Love the pick! Welcome to LI !!
I told Henry I was in hella pain. He said physically or emotionally lol
miserable all day and so happy at night
.what are you on about? On your bike!
Wtf!!!!! Wtf was that
I think I learned a lot last night on who true people are.
The sleepin room was live last night
Nevada contains the most federally owned lands of all the states
Ever think about how dogs never leave the house
been let down so many times today
White girl fights consist of pulling hair and scratching \nNative girl fights consist of punching and getting kicked in the face .
I'm just a little fish in an ocean
Just because most of the new Kamfam found out about Them from vine and parts of love robbery
i'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight.
I've been drunk in my life 3 times on some crazy shit
Today's is the sort of match where I won't know who I'm rooting for until someone scores and we see how I react. ? ?
I don't understand how your kids grow up to be like that
Oh no oh no oh no oh no.
THIS IS WHY WHITE GIRLS SHOULDNT PLAY WITH HENNA
So mad that I'm not at the script concert
Where the loyal niggas at ?
What freak gels their hair for 110 degree soccer
dude i really miss you
Everything was so much better before
Ignoring texts is only okay when I do it..# Truth
I feel like I've seen so many subtweets tn
A: I've been invited to my friend's family therapy session.\/ R: Won't the shrink mind?\/ A: The shrink invited me!
I hate how theres translate on twitter now
Talking to her always make me feel better
On god, everyone started tweeting about how they love brunettes once i dyed my hair.
Lil Wayne's stylist clearly missed his flight.
Spotify is apparently one of our clients. Does that mean I can get a free subscription? But really..
It's the halves that halve you in half. I didn't know, don't know, about the in-between bits; the gory bits of you, and the gory bits of me.
When you do malicious things to people &amp;' use them, karma hits you in the ass. &amp;' at first I felt bad but now idgaf.
Considering I'm leaving today I should probably pack Hahahaha
is it too late for breakfast???
Taylor swift makes me suicidal
How you my friends and never invite me to chill or nothing, But only ask for favors? I dont understand
I just want infinite episodes of my favorite shows on Netflix so I can watch them all the time
I wanna go to camp
\": San Jose females See you in person and choose up \"
(17) Mikhail Youzhny def. James Ward 6-2, 6-2, 6-1 in the 1st round of .
About to play beer pong with my aunt and uncle
\"Can you not crush the ice, it hurts my teeth\"
Can u dislike someone based on their laugh?
Selling a bingo players ticket for gov island this Sunday!!!!
Trying to move on up, George Jefferson style
Danced at church today..happy much the joy of dancing for the lord. :)
my mom is so loaded lol
Just saw a motorcyclist punch a cars rear view mirror
-Detras De Un Hombre Triste, Hay Una Mujer Que Le Dijo Que Lo Tiene Chiquito *Jenni Voice* xD Hhahah Ohh Dios Muriii
Let's hope for a speedy recovery for ! Big loss for
Is the US strategy to give the ball back to Ghana as soon as they get it? If so we are doing well.
My grandpas birthday on the Fourth of July is the biggest inconvenience
Far as Im concerned everyone dropped dead to me
You're the prefect combination of sexy and cute
Y pues hay Dias qe paresco lesbiana lo se!
Aging is bizarre
Dear Clint. Tell us how you really feel about that call.
Goalie didn't even have time react
So hard to be nice when ppl are dumb
Yo this anime fight comp on worldstar is too sick
My FB friends irritate me with their bad grammar.
I hate when I have to pee and my dog pees for an hour on our walk.
currently watching Girl Meets World, I never thought this day would come
This could be easily the best 3 days of my high school career or easily the worst 3 days
Going home from camp with the kids epi pens is my specialty
My hate for Benny grows by the second
I'm hungry but don't feel like getting up
While the parents are away... The kids will enjoy a nice quiet evening watching Hunger Games with a bottle of sparkling juice.
You can't do anything about the past, but you can do something about today.
Dad always comes home with random food stuff. From shit tons of McDs jelly to a shit ton of avocados.
I would like to take credit for Brooke's Avi ok
We're an hour into this and not one name has been called. They must really love this grade, forcing them to stick around.
I love pancakes. The microwaveable ones. AC buttermilk brand. Yum
life feels much better without technology and as an official lifeguard
\": hahahahahaha you are too cute*!!\" Thanks I appreciate you
Larry is just ruining everyone's tweets tonight and chances are he's gonna ruin this one as well
Goooooooooooool bye CR7 jajajajaj
When I don't workout I feel like a fatass but when I do workout I just wanna sit on my couch &amp; eat.
I want to know what it feels like to be loved more than I love myself
No updates yet on flights and I continue to wait. 5 hours delayed and counting.
My arms are tired of being in an acute angle
Everyone is always saying how Spanish parents are so strict n they'll hit you for anything bad... But mine parents were never like that
how many snakes did u kill for ya shoes man
Everything will be alright if I could kiss you tonighhht
LIVING FOR THIS EPISODE OF TBE KARDASHIANS
Im a fat ass so call me fat ass for now on
I sometimes forget that i have to be nice to a bf.
The NYR need a center. Stepan will be that role in few years. But as of now you NEED to try &amp; go after Stasny. Depth guys are replaceable
Why can't I be in Vegas watching today's game w my crew like Sunday?! Fuck Germany. Lets go USA
If im not doing anything by 4 im going to wildwood with the fam!
Pharell's wearing uggs and a sweatshirt. YA KIDDIN!?
Idc wut anyone says Christina Aguilera has the best voice of all time
It's almost time for
Your greatness is not what you have, it's what you give!
in the real world midousuji would definitely be in juvenile detention or under some sort of indefinite house arrest
If anyone would like to donate to the \"paris needs to not be sober\" fund it would be greatly appreciated.
I have Like the best personality hehe Duuhh .
It was a new day yesterday, but it's an old day now
Heat just look tired I mean well hear the excuses on 30 for 30 in a few years anyway so my assumptions dont matter
Way to bail on Katy and me.
Don't do illegal things and stop being a dumbass and they'll be cool to you
British Twitter never interacts with me but I've lured them in with talk of long-game, calculated vengeance!
How the hell can I boycott Hobby Lobby harder than I am now?
Trusting someone is the scariest feeling ever lol but it's gotta happen to move forward
I think I'm gonna stay inside all summer .
Yes! Cc: MT : certain half of the characters in Mortal Kombat were based on characters from Big TroubleLittle China
Q pecado! Vengo a desayunar a un restaurant Colombiano puesto la camiseta d Brasil! Jajaja Pero esta tarde segurisimo vestire la d Colombia!
I literally have every emotion right now and I just wanna die
If me and that girl can make up this goes to show that you honestly can forgive anyone lmao
Cause I have so many great tweets to tweet
When you see my face hope it gives you hell
why everybody tweeting USA
if Riff Raff is your \"icon\" then you got some issues son.
Happy Independence Day everybody! Thanks to all the service members who have kept us that way. Be careful with the fireworks.
Let's go My mom is cooking my favorite food tonight she the real MVP.
Awkward moment when music starts playing after you hang up on FaceTime..
Great workout today with ma nigga
21 lesson plans due tmrw &lt; throwing myself face first out a window
another summer night with my gf
My beautiful sister, talented, loving,\n Fresh, and all that too ! Please go to Bro.\n Tyler Perry, tell him \"we need more movies
3rd week &amp; I'm fucking tired.
Just recorded first episode of my brand-new, near-daily, 3-minute video podcast: Jay Today. Details (and links) soon!
YAS BITCH YAS. WOOOO. FUCKING GOLASO.
\": hey you're cute\" .. thank u, even though it wasn't directed @ me, I needed to hear it today, so I will pretent it was.
Shapiro: developed a map that shows veteran wait-time\/backlog, and in which states the wait-time is worst.
Lol did we really score a goal in the first 30 seconds hahaha
Ronaldo u bum
Ask me if I do this everyday I said oftennn
I wanna get drunk AF so bad tonight
HAHAHA. 30 seconds
Portugal's goalies reaction was priceless
Dempsey for the equalizer!!
Summer time &amp; the living is easy...Happy Sunday Funday. Another beauty here in the northeast or mid Atlantic or wherever it is I live. Enjoy
Brb moving to Switzerland. Can't take this stress. I'm now neutral.
i miss my non existent gf
Franco Prussian wsr starting in 20 minutes
Coney Island bound before my flight home to meet Kobiyashi.
The feds hot at fordham.
I am the fruitiest of tuttis
The lies I hear man
Am I not allowed to? What's wrong with that
6 minutes from the
Mix my drink with some lime, Just to buy me some time.
Ooops should've known I was nuts from the gecko...
good start. Keep it up \n
Looking fresh feeling fresh that is the motto
I want to go to this rooftop pool party but I don't want to be preyed on. And bae is to sick to come with :(( SHOULD I GO
Vegas tomorrow!!!! Excited.
I don't see the big deal with Christiano Ronaldo...I just wonder is he has a good Angie time.
My round of 16 is 100% so far
Time travel needs to be real
Random baby shower with my cousin and his girlfriend lol
Starting to feel how I use to and I don't like it
No quiero que Elijas ni me compares solo quiereme como lo hago yo a ti
I need to get my dick wet, distractions help me think best
I like hockey more than soccer
WHOLE TRAIN CAR IS EMPTY XCEPT FOR ME nd THIS LADY nd SHE SITS NEXT TO ME!! WTF!Literally 2 ppl here!Help I need an adult!!
\": It's VANDY!\" Damn right!!! Who ya with???
Why is it necessary to piss me off right before I need to go to sleep.
4th of July rain party at the hizzy bring ur umbrellas and garbage bag ponchos
Jordy always knows how to make my day
I just want a best guy friend that I can go on adventures with and it won't be weird
Howd i forget to turn on my tv
That was in my drafts, I thought I'd send it, cuz I'm being nice.
We'll put a boot in your ass, it's the american way. Happy birthday america!
Friend time is good distraction.
Cut the grass and kill that
No matter how hard it is, just keep going because you only fail when you give up.
Howard is a fucking animal!
Me and otremba got a blunt wrap and some bud, who wants to pitch in a lil and roll this bitch for us hahah!
Costa Rica better make a save!!
Yesss captain america
I swear I love the Bay Area
Good news it wasn't a bug. The bad news is I beat the shit out of this black bean on the floor with my shoe.
Dear lord Jesus y am I awake
I'm never going to get use to this small iPhone screen
haha this dude I work with said he heard a ghost once here, I was like uh oh it's the curse of the Black Forest Footlomg Slasher
My nigga put a nigga on PartyNextDoor lol
Ugh your not worldly please save yourself the embarrassment Christ
\"Maybe my harsh cigarette smoke will make them go away\"
\"Why did you get arrested?\" \"I brought kinder eggs back to the states from canada\"
Uh oh not good
\": Good or bad, just smile. You have a lot to be thankful for.\"
Of course literally AS WE ARE TAKING OFF, they have to stop because there's mechanical issues with the plan
I like seeing asymmetrical facial expressions on sports players on TV.
Like that really annoyed me.
If we eat Taco Bell together... I love you
red, white and blue wasted tn.
Don't even know who mark is anymore
We dem boyz ....holla holla holla we dem boyz
Best definition of CEO - Cash Extraction Officer :) via
Can you notice me already
Sort this out on you're own time
I hate that state RT : All 36 of em RT : Delaware residents wilding for respect?
Lady, why the fuck are you telling them about specials
I'm gonna celebrate Independence Day by spending it locked inside. PSA: don't come to apple today there's no point and I will judge you
Working a double tomorrow. Yay.
Gotta put on pants, that's so much work
Need you baby, like I breathe you baby.
Im feeling crazy my body is physically drained and my mind is every where
My bro snapped on \"hella hoes\" ......the city aint ready bruh
But it's cool, his attendance is awesome and it's his dad's bday this week. Plus my baby leaves for DR Thursday *sigh*
I sleep with Tyler's caterpillar every night I can't sleep without it.
Try to spot D-Hoochie all up in yo coochie
... who wants to win a free copy of ? Have an iPhone? RT this and we'll tell you how!!
if anyone's up go on tumblr and search Nutellaisgod
waiting for this answer gives me anxiety
The ppl that own the liquor store around the corner think I'm an alcoholic. I'm always buying tiny bottles to hide in my purse from them
Unplanned\/last minute adventures are THE best!
Shout to for texting me last night on some real nigga shit, thanks bra
Have you ever been to a town that you used to call home and suddenly it seems really foreign to you.?
Rasheedas mom needs to stay in her place which is out of that marriage
I'm in love with Scott Macall
She asked me to send her any pictures of her I got. How can I send over 1000 pics all at once?
2nd cup of coffee and it's only 1030 ha ha haaa
Wanna stay up for my bday at 12 but need sleep
Why does everyone crack on LeBron. 31points 10rebounds 5assists\nThats a great game. Its a team game.the rest cant score. Lebron has no fault
\"My dad isn't that clever. I mean he's clever but not with matzo\"
After 4 years we finally have a first date
I HATE MY FUCKING CAMP SO MUCH
The new season of street outlaws is on
Random thoughts of how relieved I feel, sometimes when my heart gets heavy from thoughts of how it should've been I remind myself....
It really doesn't matter how long you've known someone... Bc sometimes your day 2 niggas will ride for you before your day 1's!!
Thot Tracks: coming to a Walmart near you
I.\nI believe.\nI believe that.\nI believe that we will win. \n
YOU NEED NIGGAS TO GET ROASTED RN? HIT THE SQUAD UP WITH THEIR @ AND WE'LL CREMATE THEY ASS.
I've got 2 months to prove nothing else compares. Too much time
First time on an SF bus! I feel like the first time he rode the BART
I fucked up big timeeeeeee..........
so I just went to my TV to pre-record Teen Wolf forgetting that MTV isn't a channel of mine..
Anyone else ever walk into the shower with their glasses on or just me
i literally have all of gabbys eggs and we didn't even use them
I can't wait for Alliah and I to drop our mixtape
A support system will take you along way
Nice of the world to finally catch on the atrocities the Palestinians have been enduring for decades. Are Israelis still the victims?
Cooling off with a little Domaine Carneros!!!
I just want to watch movies while someone rubs my back
Lots of cool stuff on the horizon. Next up for me is the huge first Saturday 40k deep stack poker 4-5-14 see u there
USA USA USA let's go!
U can come get your own towel your own self asshole
Might actually buy myself a Cadillac sometime within the next couple days. Keeping my fingers crossed.
There are 54 negative emotions. The worst of them? Fear, doubt, envy, resentment, jealousy, hatred &amp; worst of all, anger. Unlearn them all!
... Revenge much?
Not fit for this regent tmrw
I wanna hug San Francisco for being the most amazing place on earth
LOL. \"Chris literally looks like one of those dinosaurs from The Land Before Time.\" -
He ain't shoutout His baby with Lauren London * minds business *
I have 2 hours left at work I hope it flys
Procrastinating packing seems to be a pattern in my life
Think Like A Man Too is a good ass movie, go see it. Or else
my sisters are both so gorgeous and im a potato(:
what I do should neither be your business nor should you have a say in it
Purge 2 look better than the 1st one
Hey did the USA just get a goal? That's the vibe I'm getting
Daddy is finally out from work. Idt I'll ever work no 16hr shift!
Se los dije q me iba a quedar aqui je je je je
Rollercoaster--soon to be to of charts! Thx!
LMAO wtf only 15 hours of work next week I must have done something wrong.
Interrupting while I'm watching Teen Wolf is ughh.
I kinda just wanna lay in my Ac and play zombie related video games all night.
Fear not, Klinsmann's got some horse placenta on back order for Jozy
Go HARD always and all ways period...
Lookin at pictures of Woofie as a baby and I'm dying because of his cuteness
It has taken 20+ minutes to get from Castro to West Portal. Another fail.
I had 3 wet pussies back to backand I am really dunk andn heyeor at the same time and I am going to read
VAMOS..... PARA LOS K K
You different from others I swear I love yo demeanor
Will we falter... Or will we wield the scythe?
While packing my lunch for tomorrow Gary decides to throw the clementines i plan on using into the woods because he thought they were moldy
As long as religious beliefs prohibit men from getting Viagra access from employers insurance coverage, then what's the problem?
Had a lot of fun doing absolutely nothing with great friends all weekend
567 i havent seen you in forever and i really miss you !
The real question is do I wear a Brasil shirt or a USA shirt...
In real life, Rachel doesn't get off the plane and come back to Ross
Oh and I honestly hope your prom is nothing like our junior dinner, so good luck, turn up and have fun
I forgot what fantastic photos my takes! How I love thee, let me count the ways!
Idk I find it funny when guys be shy lolol.
sleep now ? i think so
\"Juicy Black Ballz\" - Camille Ruvalcaba
Another shooting in the US. So sad. How many more are needed to try and change things...
Didn't get my on call today, praaaaaaise Jesus.
Wish i liked soccer but i dont sooo reruns of Teen Wolf it is.
\": Ginobli is TOO NICE\"that bald spot is nice
Nm. Our toaster is broken. And so is my heart. Not only do i not get my pop tarts. But also no response from
Undo all the good u do
So tempted to leave and go to Connecticut tomorrow!!
that cupcake and iced coffee from would be phenomenal right now.
literally the longest since I've seen steph
Those who didnt go to warped missed out.
Someone text me.. I have 3 hours left on the road.
que pasara si nuestra vida no cambia?
I said it bruh, Greece will lose in the penalties if they don't take advantage of the 10 man Costa Rica in extra time.
Females always end up turning into the nigga who hurt them .
think like a man 2 had me all in my feel but its hella good
Remembering when I smacked in FIFA..
Going camping this weekend. Holllaaa and I will ve attempting to fish after 20 years of not fishing ha
\"I Want People to Question my Sanity: The Charles Stunning Story\" just gave my autobiography its title.
Made it to ground zero today... was very humbled.
Check my snapchat story for epic fights
Don't even pay attention to basketball..
I live everyday and everyday I think that I shouldn't have lived the extra day. No one has proven me wrong about it either.
Just left work with my dad and some drunk guy was pissing on my dad's car... Let's just say my dad is pissed now
i love going into my pockets and finding things I thought I lost
Tomorrow there better be something going on
IM GONE MAKE YOU COME FIRSTTTT, THERE AINT NO NEED TO CONVERSEEEE
Nicole just passed the second nuckle!
Hope he got home safe !!! Gn not in the mood
America is ruining my life already
Get ready for one of most exciting off seasons in the NBA maybe ever over next couple weeks. May be 6-8 teams that look completely different
Probably the easiest thing I've ever had to do
Honestly happy to see the heat losing, but I wouldn't rip on them considering they beat the spurs last year
97 on ss final how did I pull that off?
I want a sip tie lighter so bad lost mine
They be thinking it's my mom or some shit
Did I have cheese in my hair all day or is this a recent development?
Messi! The Truth!
can jlo give me beau if she doesn't want him
Now they keep callin me \"the cat whisperer\"
fuckkkk no ones up i need someone to vent to im gonna explode.
They got right to business.
Happy Fourth my friends. Cafe closed today. Trucks out tonight at fort mason and San Jose for bacon festival.
Just now realizing why I disliked the last The lack of is making a game to remember.
Just ordered ' book, 10% Happier. Also 's book, Lying.
Ofcourse I see John Franco 3 times when I have sun poisoning on my lip and can't dare take a photo
Slowing down and enjoying a night in Inwood (at Inwood Local) before my last day of work for the week.
the size of the splinter that was in my foot before is making me really hate the outdoors
The fault in our stars about to make me bawl my eyes out
if i don't get a job soon I'll be screwed bc when I'm bored I get sad and cry
I Wanna Get Tatted Head For Toe.
Tony Parker is the most annoying player in pro sports
my mom just said said she's not going to let me go to my concert in fours days wtf mom
I miss summer humidity. There, I said it.
And so fucking mad at the same time
Good luck to the boys in blue. Les bleus gagnent aujourd'hui contre les Allemands!
Lol @ my mum who found out I had a naval piercing 6 months later
I will do anything to make you happy, let's drive off into the sunset, and leave this old place behind.
Now that the game is over, headed to the legend house for a mediocre pay per view.
So unbelievably pissed that I'm working today
Can't take USA fans seriously
The SCOTUS decision today sent me to the Swedish consulate's website to look into immigration requirements.
Why does tobacco smell so sweet until it's burned?
is so cute, I can't
Yes! : .But more importantly, will you have the on?
That was so unnecessary and rude, Jelena!!
This game please Lord !
Im gunna do a younow love my solid 3 viewers yaaassss
Tomorrow's the last day of school but for some reason I don't like it
I just kissed a dog and I liked it
They're going to build statues of Memo Ochoa in Mexico
why didn't I go to avicii...
HOLY FUCKING YES!!
tbh if we can't fuck to sadboys2001 it can't b
i love megan more then 98% of the human race
Michael your lame for not responding
Sooo like are my graduates turning up or yaaa?
I had enough for one night Jesus enough is enough !!!!!!
If you already left my life once feel free to leave again
Ghana might as well just use body paint as jerseys
It's not even 7 yet and every single person I've interacted with has managed to piss me off . Good morning -__-
I made more than i thought on my check
And is fired on Independence Day for speaking free speech. If you don't agree with what he has to say channels can be changed
Who lived in New York and wants to be my friend
Why is my kik not working
Being Made Fun Of Isn't Fun..
It's summer again which means radio stations are playing \"Summertime Sadness\" again. Why can't they just play \"Steal My Sunshine\"?
Wtf is Ronaldo's problem..
IS THIS KATIE OR EMILY IM CONFUSED
Yo, smashmouth.... the fucking shit. Music icons...
Give it a shot. Go to the platform in the gulf!!!
Turn up for Bosnia
My parents have more of a social life than I do
i payed for a 16 GB phone so why the fuck this shit say i only got 12.8 in storage.
A dream start
miss my boobie head
Wow second penalty shoot out.. Let's go Costa Rica..
these past two days have just sucked.
we get that \"everyone likes soccer now\" .. SO STOP TWEETING IT
You may listen, but you don't hear me
Planning for me is so hard sometimes bc I always forget something.
Jai vu sur facebook \" bepc valider j'ai plus rien a prouver \" you have to improve full things
Could these announcers be anymore obvious that they want Vanderbilt to win like damn
That was a great pick for the coyotes
Take it easy Greeks, ya'll never had a shot anyway
I wonder what it's like not having eyebrows
makes Rj wanna be a Christian again..
Twitter keeps telling me I have 3 notifications when I only have one
Celebrate the Red, White and Blue today. Happy 4th of July!
Cant lie, very jealous of my niggaas going to the bahamas! Be safe but tear shit up guys!
I never really cared or liked anybody as much as I did for oomf
Get high , sleep, get high, work *repeat*
Ugh, now it's 4-0. Jeremy Affeldt did not prove himself, so are again switching pitchers.
2 and a half hours of sleep is just not enough
Can't wait till I get too the hotel and knock out
why they aint play slob on my knob
Thank you. Thank you for bringing our characters to life, we love you all.
My 9-mo old isn't impressed with . Flight left late, stuck on runway, back to gate for \"maintenance\", now no gate available.
Who is the dude dressed up as Teddy Roosevelt at the match? Spotted on .
All i want to do is go for a run right now
My phone is going crazy I hate It
Last night I had an intense discussion about liking\/disliking raisins and after about 20 minutes I had 12 other ppl in on the dialogue.
Too much excitement in the Andromidas home rn
i muted so many ppl on here i forgot they exist until someone RT's them lolz
Fav if you think is a good singer
I just wanted you to apologize
Three more days till out anni
Nah nah nah lmao it ain't worth it
I figured out what to get him for his birthday \nA TMNT cake
YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH I LOVE DUNCAN
The only way to describe that goal .. Pure class
Why is it that you feel safest with someone who you shouldn't trust?
Anybody wanna go for a walk?
I can't wait for biggest main event on Monday Night Raw - 4 on 3 handicap tag team match tonight.
Finally going home so I can run today's anxiety off
You gimme what I need, whenever you're around
It's weird when things change suddenly but usually it's for the better
37th Ave in Jackson Heights, Queens, is a sea of Colombian flags &amp; shirts.
If you dont like me because of something you heard, you automatically become non existent.
I've earned these post Friday work day donuts
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSDD USA GOALLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!
The people that are quick to walk away are the ones who never intended to stay.
came to the sad conclusion that I don't have any hobbies... what is my life
\": Me and Lexie about to.throw the hands I DON'T EVEN CARE\" swing first.
\": I haven't been at the gym in sooo long tfack\"
Forgot my youngest is American until just slotted that beauty! USA USA!!
Soo I was gonna see Kevin Hart tomorrow at Conan show but shit got canceled
Found a beetle in my toilet this morning... Disgusting!
Only 2 episodes left of . I'm already on edge.
Fun Fact: 2 with was by far the greatest sequel in the history of motion pictures
Yes I named my inhaler Phillip judge me
Ginobli has no mercy !
Coming home from work at 2AM because life is RISD and RISD is life
Cummings is thanking him for lying to the people for the White House.
to put your number on twitter &amp; ask people to spam it or....
80 million in bonuses and we can't afford maintain hard drives!!
So much for being 21.. Haven't got ID once lol
Tyler is jammin way to hard. But okay
I'm in love with the money intill the right one come along intill then 24hr grind.
Way too emotionally invested in this college world series for not knowing a single player on either team
Is cedar lake having fireworks tonight
I remember when me and my brothers would always watch WWE
I wanna see Florida Georgia line and Jason Alden at the fair this year more than I want to live... Like pleaseeeee
Aww he shouted out his daughter
Cause we felt bad about being home, we rally
i really need to watch this movie but...... no friends
Para mi es cerca la casa de nanne de la mia
U need to re-evaluate yo hustle, stop hatin on niggas and start goin in
I really dont like bitches that keep shit going like bitch fall back if that's your nigga shut up and kick back
What an awesome goal!!!! I believe that we will win
What the hell doe the green eyes signify
Let's just sing it loud and proud: \"This is survival of the fittest. This is do or die. This is winner takes all. So take it all.\"
I've never been on a jet ski... That shit bout to change asap!!!
Dog would be zero help fighting an attacker
I'll show up at her door with my squad and xo fam .
Not that the stadium in Miami look all types of empty lol what time that concert start ? It's 9pm now
todo el mundo con la mano arriba88'
I have a question for everyone. If you cheated on your bf\/gf, you are not in love, right?
Best part of the summer is watching the Maury show with my mom every morning
HOW TO RELIVE UR DREAMS?? UMMM NEED A VISUAL SIMULATOR step 1
I really need to read this book so I can read twilight for Emma's read along.
Hanging out with the older crowd tonight lmao
I still have faith.
weed in the mail box yum
I remember when I was a communist
Some people truly don't think before their actions
Status report: Sun is scorching, having 'nam flashbacks to melting in this field during my own graduation.
Fuck I hate meeting new people
Crazy weekend now to get back to work life.
Christoforou did everything wrong and still won
Ab thinks I'm the weather man, like look on your own
baby come through, you deserve a round
all i see is red white + blue \n...flashing lights on the cop car behind me \n
I can't believe my sister is taking senior portraits tomorrow.
Can't wait to live life? Just wait until next week.
BRUH the neighbors dog is howling rn keeping me fucking awake at this UNGODLY HOUR and i am this close to going out and shooting it
Look I thought it was a SPANISH THING ALRIGHT?!
No Fourth of July plans no problem I'll sleep
\": 4 0 Mid 6th.\" FUCK BOSTON!!
I don't drink often, but when i do its usually not responsibly
That's my fault tho for walking down 8th avenue
I figured the Heat would lose. .. but not like this
Overhearing teenagers on Caltrain discuss \"juicy stories\"
The fact I just got a call from a random number and it was Andrew bork is blowing my mind... Lol
My mom just texted me \"I'm never gambling again\" while she's in Atlantic City. Yeah i think I lost my house
I need to get a puppy or something, living alone is absolutely depressing
has feelings of a bitch, be a man you're almost out of highschool.
Countdown to Summer League begins now.....
I forget what happens with that coin lol
Wearing my Adidas sandals with socks to math lab to piss carter off. Who's with me?
Please, let it be a cramp.
Say that you'll never leave me
I wish I could redo the past 2 years. I would of done them differently
apparently i like hashtags
Wait, what? Did the US score or did I just have a stroke?
When ur parents of proud of u that's when uk
How can I help you if I can't even help myself
This guy from my fm classes is at the gym and keeps looking at me and I'm just like ya I stalked you bc u have a jeep lol
I'm just saying that any one of y'all could crash this retirement party and drink for free and catch up with teachers
Going on Instagram is like opening the fridge. You know its all the same shit but for some reason you hope things have changed.
Jk blink is whack af anyways hahaha
I'm raping my bed when I get home. Kthxbye
I'm awake. But I really don't want to get out this bed.
I'm kinda sad schools over bc now i have nothing to do during the day
LOL AT THIS KID WHO LOST IS FUCKING WEED IN WAWA. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Boy meets world is just too good to even enjoy girl meets world
Welp...that nap earlier messed me up...nowhere near tired
Gotta stretch for golf this Friday
Literally hate my parents. SO done.
Girl I got to see you tonight
Wow i barely found out that my parents lost me at Disney land when i was small haha
At a theater in NYC about to watch a advanced screening of with . Im the only non-Mexican here!
If you find me attractive literally just talk to me and I'll probably fall deeply in love with you trust me it's happened
Do not touch my iPhone. Is not a wephone. Is not a our phone is not a us phone... Is an iPhone. My phone.........
Lissetes video when she said I'm right is one I'm going to save forever!!
I wanna watching breaking bad now
I be wanting to say some mean shit on here yo
Tim Howard has a dope fucking beard
It's so cute when my mom thinks I'll actually clean my room:-)
Manninos strikes again
The best thing about little boobs is being able to say the phrase \"I don't have to wear a bra with that shirt\"
Wow... I really needed this coffee!
i love being in new york so much
Rakata By wisin Y yandel, Was the fucking shit
Being blunt like kanye be confident
Here at w Quinn Trann CEO of Silicon Valley to support the technology use evolution of the Red Cross!! gr8 turn out!
If she doesn't bring that got damn paccet to my car imma smacc her when breaks over
I hate how fast life in color went :( I remember when I was counting down the days
China selling dog and cat meats as food and it's an Chinese tradition...wtf damn that's so wrong
Best part of the job is definetly watching people go crazy for some seat cushions
Lil Wayne's career should be over, he fucking sucks
if any girl needs a slave please text for details, willing to be whipped for no fee
\"We could be like sister goomahs of Patty Kane, I'd be down for that.\" -I'm down.
Too much to grasp right now
Totally had a \"Sliding Doors\" moment. Full out Pre-Goop Gwyneth Paltrow.
Any body got bud downtown?
I'd buss it for memo ochoa he's too good at his job for this to not be addressed
u learn a lot through trial and error!
When are you gonna start designing clothes for me? Lol
beanies in the summer turn up
I swear if this shit is happening again
I'm just not going to sleep today.
I know it's summer when I start losing track of what day it is
If I add you on snapchat, follow you on IG and twitter and you're my FB friend then that probably means I know you
I wish you understood how I feel for real
\"Whoever fasts during Ramadan out of sincere faith and hoping to attain Allah's rewards,then all his past sins will be forgiven.\" (Bukhari)\"
A hit for a hit... but i got the better hit...
packing my bag will be at ur casa sooon
At the the end of the the day there was a start.
Evan and I just loled because he thinks I'm mean and I think I'm funny
We just got questioned by the police so that's how my night went
All these Mixtape \"aspiring rappers\" won't stop following
Ronaldo &gt; messi
OF COURSE THE AIRPORT DIDNT SEND MY FUCKING BAG
This man snappin smh
okay but the real question is why are you looking at my snapchat story?
\"I am a creature of mixed up energy.\"
I don't understand people sometimes. One minute someone is happy to see me, then in a second that person turns away. What are you a robot?
Of course the moment I decide Ima get some juice from the store I drop the jug and it spills all over the isle..
Y no es q me encontre a la Hna de pepe
Kirk is annoying im over him being so immature and always complaining. Hes straight drama
Baby I'm a sociopath, a sweet serial killer
I'm sad and all I want is to hear some quality jay-z impersonations
I just want to know where it all went wrong
\"That's not my foot, that's my stomach.\" - things overheard at a massage parlor on Greenwich [...by my date]
Reading the twins report cards and seeing that they're first graders ......
Can't believe I managed to sleep all the way to New York
why are these food places not answering
I was fully prepared for Nuno to give up at least 3 dingers tonight, so that start was a welcome surprise, to say the least.
Blog blog blog. Rumor rumor rumor. Blog blog blog. Yikes. Twitter is full of a lot of shit.
question: les mis or beautiful: the carole king musical
So make angels in the snow, love a little more, live with no regrets, for everything you do
I wish I could start high school all over.. I would do so many things different
Why Do People Lie When They Hate Being Lied To?
Either that, a super wide angle for my canon, or a new phone. Idk
You not West Indian if you never sharpened your pencil with a knife.
Lmaoooooooooo \": me hope da stripper pole deh reinforce enu, CAUSE.....\"
Lol don't ever count on me to cheer you up; I always make the situation worse :')
I was having such a wonderful peaceful positive day and you just had to ruin everything....
hyperventilating bc of how close summer is
So glad I never cracked and made one of them ask accounts
Trust too easy. Care too much. Fall too hard. Forgive too fast.
Kmart is apparently still very angry with Martha Stewart.
Post race weekend observation: I dare say that has surpassed for hottest crew guy in the cup garage
Crazy ass night at work last night, looks like tonight is gonna be round two. I'm ready for a vacation
NOW PLAY DEFENSE
Comprare La Mochila De KD *.*
By far one of the intense dreams I have ever had
lmao RT : I heard Christmas falls on the 4th of July next year!!!
SAID IF YOU A BAD BITCH THROW YOUR HANDS UP HIGH
Touchdown in NYC. Time to go from camp life back to real life.
Red Lobster seems to be offering an entree called \"lobster-topped lobster.\"
Thinking about becoming like my brother with these tweets...
push my penis in between her lap, put my semen all down her throat
didn't break the record..
I seriously need like a personal trainer or something because i have no idea what im doing when i \"work out\" lawls
Comparing Shawn Mendes and Justin Bieber? Oh, don't make me laugh guys. xD
This is sad.
Literally cannot wait for Anthony to come home
Do you believe in miracles?
Kickin off the holiday weekend with a morning run along the Hudson.
I'm convinced my coffee machine makes the best coffee ever
confirmed creative has nothing for you they're letting be Jon Moxley where the stars are stolen
I like to listen to Nickelback and I don't care what anyone else thinks lol\nIt's chill music.
I'm sorry but I won't let you do that to me.
And If ya wanna know wanna know what I'm made just take a look at my truck ;)
Idalia dubbed Aija. Lol Aija been cheatin for forever
I learned just to do me
oh shit mr brown put on lotion
quando eu gosto eu gosto assumo nao escondo mais quando eu deixo de gostar tbm assumo nao engano
Sorry I am getting really carried away here
\"Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the most wonderful things that will ever happen to us.\"
How the hell did I play a softball game tonight
SIRA KOUYATE BAN FAGA YA \nDE COMPETENCE \nA FORCE TRANQUILLE\nMAITENANT C EST POLO POLO
My collar bones starting to show again cause I haven't really been eating ):
Someone take me to see tfios again
\": You're Walmart and I'm Versace\"
Time to catch this flight in 4 hours!
If you're up text me !!!?!?
Radio is such an underrated song but then again so is Lana Del Rey in general
Any good movies or shows to watch?
Feels good to have someone who don't even lie about the little things
Beyond sick of being locked out of my account
I hate when people are talking while I'm watching tv, that's so obnoxious
Suarez is that you? \": Starving!\"
JONES YOU ARE MY HERO
Im sorry but playing turn down for what at graduation is trashy and not necessary. I'm seriously so sick of that damn song
Slingshot or Yo me at maxmeyers.
Sometimes trusting a friend is the hardest thing to do. Even the closest friends can become your enemies.
My godbrother is 9 years old w out his mama God gained another angel on 6\/18.
I just got followed by Kevin Costner. How was your fuckin bull shitty shit day?
I know there are cute boys around me but I'm not even looking at them bc crush
Rich is the person who loves for no reason and poor is the person who hates for all reasons
I still fall for her everyday..
Shout out to everyone working today. You're the real Americans.
my dad sat me down to watch a documentary on ancient Egyptian mysticism &amp; what I'm getting from this is, well, smoke weed everyday
Waking up randomly and not being able to fall back asleep !
I need a GIF of Andi's faces while the personal trainer was selling her HARD over dinner.
All these tweets about soccer and I still don't care
Wish I had a apartment to throw parties
i have no clue what teen wolf is tbh
Honestly forgot it was the 4th
you too can view meidoshino for only 5 shinocoins
Let me just stand there and not even try to let that in
if cynthia don't answer FaceTime I sweaaaar
Messi is just... I can't
Sorry random dude giving out high-fives, I don't know where you've been and I'm already constantly infected with the Muni Crud
Too easy!! Goal!!
What's a good netflix series to watch ?
\": Bakit walang snow dito sa Pilipinas? Eh kasi, ang HOT ko.\" -- sana masunog ka sa HOTNESS mo! Hahaha
Wait. lemme sing taht bibingka song hahahaha
Son tan amables con los extrangeros X.x
458 Spider would help me out big time right about now.
Good luck !!! Nice way to start the game!!
I HATE waking up early lol .. goodmorning &amp; God bless
Lebron wife badddd
I have so many bottles of liquor and beer in my closet I look like a damn liquor store.
Always good to spend some time alone in nature
I'm feeling like we're still on for fireworks tonight. What do you think??
today at the beach a girl ripped a bowl underneath her towel......you do you girl
The world cup without USA just isn't the same
How does anyone do anything plz rt
What a waste of a year
See once you get outta that stage of letting others opinions define you, then you can pull stuff like this. Stay respectful though
The fact that Ariana Grande's brother is on
Charles rangle please add him
And that how you make a goal !!!!! Oleeeee oleeeeee
I just cracked my fucking screen; literally just fixed it.
\": You're hustle don't ever go unnoticed baby I'm with you I'm with it\"
this girl on ig really think its a comparison. then wanna throw shade on me. bitch when u step from behind the \"fan page\" then u can speak
so fucking hot in this room &amp; my dad won't come fix it. I HAVE TO SLEEP NIGGA
I can't find it I'm ready to scream
Everyone is annoying me today
Munchkin tell me about what u r doing &lt;3 is Europe so much fun!!ily xoxo call me please!
Side net goal for !
Real father I deserve all my gifts
Boston Montreal stadium series at Gillette?!? Yes!
this weird person with the nagitsuna as their avi followed me....okaaayyyy
You know a TV show is good when it has you shouting at your TV when some shit goes down.
Watching Sports Night reruns. Still brilliant. , , and Peter Krause all still babies then!
-Que se siente estar al bordo de la muerte? (pregunto el) \nella sonriendo le responde.\n-Se siente como algo frio pero dolorosamente hermozo.
\"I'm just trynna think of like... Pot heads..\" Ok
Anita never fails to put a smile on my face
false modesty is counter productive, its time for me to be proud
Ok I'm stressed out. Where's the wine
I wonder if the men in the Ingrid Michaelson video put it on their resume.
I really need to move already.
I have nothing to cuddle with and I can't sleep without cuddling someone help me
I hope Arsene Wenger is watching this tournament and taking notes. And by taking notes, I mean pulling out the checkbook.
Seriously... You're so busy with your life that you can't text your friend back for a month. What good friend you are
Is Slayer not a genre?
There should be a rule about going against someones dibs
If you don't wanna give ur girl enough attention that okay just realize someone else will be giving it to her.
The only reason I hate summer is when someone tells me there grade I can never figure out I they just finished it or they are starting it
Sorry to all my niggas who hit me up today and no contact back I'm up in the woods getting my skrilla
Wish a nigga would try to screw me over. Now I got blood on my Louie loafers
.is for the real Long Island republican conservative Lee Zeldin We do not believe !
I just cannot get enough of Orange is the New Black
as long as you pull my hair and smack my ass, I'll be satisfied baby
Emma's went out of business.... :(
Parody Account already stealing my tweet
Just had a talk with Mila about how it's my birthday and she needs to be nice to me. That should work.
You never need to own a tv to enjoy the BET awards, just get on twitter and follow the right people
This show has lots of followers but doesnt mean we are all delusional as are these cartoon characters. 15 min of fame.
How my lawyer gonna fuckin be in Aruba when I'm waiting for my damn money for my case I'm about to sue his ass too
Peeing with a romper on is being on the struggle bus going into struggle city
The wifi on this side of the house sucks man.
Too Far Gone Records: a little of this, a little of that
If you can make best friends with pineapples anything is possible ...
Mangos are a gift from the heavens
Sometimes i feel like a mother less child !
You would be surprised with how many lightskin, blonde dominicans with blue eyes there are.
It happens every time I watch it
Carol: \"I only know how to send snapchat videos\"
Can everyone just stand in one place and spazz out with their eyes closed? It's worked for me for 30 yrs, regardless of music genre.
OH: That's how we find new employees. We listen to our favorite podcasts and then make offers they can't refuse.
My name is Daniel Lugo and I believe in fitness that's 350 close grip. Suck it pussies
I hate how my whole family knows so much about me because of my parents
Interesting thought: to bypass 2-factor auth set ups that rely on your phone, you just need last 4 digits of ssn.
I thought the name Quora was inspired by \"Question or Answer\"; I used Quora to learn that I was wrong.
Learn how to accept losses without being defeated
Messi ball handling is like Kyrie Irwing w\/ basketball
Where the search lights find us, drinking by the mausoleum floor
Oakland has some very intimidating looking mexicans and black people like oh my goodness
OH MY GOD!!!! JERMAINE JONES YOU FUCKERRRRRR!!!!!!!
Can please open a place in south jersey, I'm going through withdraw
So jealous of my coach who is at this game
plot twist: my crush has a crush on me too
It's a sad fact that no one wants to hang out on Wednesday. Guess I'll be spending my birthday alone....
love when y'all wear tshirts no bra
I wonder if my neighbors will get mad if I blare some music right now
This is the most time I've spent with my dad in awhile
Miguel Herrera celebrating after a goal is what I look like after eating 20 lbs of tainted clams.
THIS COOKIE IS SO GOOD BUT I KNOW TOO MUCH ABOUT IT
fav this if ur queer as hell
It was just a kiss, but I'm still thinking about you.
u the type to stop typing when u see me typing. -_-
So happy to have co workers that care for me, if anything would've happened to me today I trust that they would have found me wherever I was
I'm going do a clothing line for bitches with a stomach cause you designers ain't shit for no summer clothes for...
Fuck it either gonna be a powerline worker or enlisting in the military
Adventure! Our shuttle broke down. Thank goodness the other one came along to pick us up!
Wade sucks !!!
I mean I've did some shut I'm not proud of by far but these bitches have no morals and no respect for themselves or others
I'd rather Wondo than Brooks at this point. Need a vet finisher.
I think I'm so fearful of getting into a relationship because of the simple fact that I don't wanna get played.
Whatever our souls are made up of, hers and mine are the same!!
Tommyboy and Alec bouta make some noise tomoro at this graduation ahaha
What else can go wrong mom is in the hospital.
I've lost my mind and still haven't found it
Lil cousin growing up &amp; getting hoes and shit
Yo purge 2 looks nice
Jermaine Jones is Ronaldo
always a good time with trish and chi
Bon Iver and shania twain in the time span of 3 minutes
Who even are you..
Happy Birthday :) Hope you have a blessed day!
I PASSED MY MATH REGENTS WITH A 65 FUCKK YESSS!!!
Can i hav sum in-n-out now
Will you ask me for a dollar lol
Can I give you that freak shit, no weak shit, or nah
How cool is it that you've never been to Brooklyn!
\"somewhere between you ain't shit and I still think about you\"
E.U no puede ganar
Got a game at 9 tmmr who's trying to cone thru?
Crazy apartheid still exists
Take me down, take me all the way down tonight.
3rd ... it's like a shit as well as Mac. I wanna eat normal Jap meals anyway.
my dad can be so cool sometimes but then literally ten minutes later will be such a dick for no reason
It's so Many parties this weekend !
Idc How Bad We Fell Off... If You HMU &amp; You Need Me, I Won't Turn My Back On You &amp; That's Real Shit .
Cranky :\/ tired of how things have been going.. And I'm hungry
\"Ay pobrecito los negritos\" - my mother*
wow i really thought i just saw at cvs
Pretty awesome going to and seeing a non - employee rocking one of our tees.
Me, Kyle and Eli were up until 3am watching were the millers last night, I've never laughed so hard in my life
Use the Force, Clint Dempsey, Use It!
Ooo is playing in the lobby today!
abc parties are 10000000x more complicated than they look
Perfectly at peace, so I move along a bit higher
Happy 4th of July everyone!!! Celebrate and cheer for Brazil in the World Cup!! ;-)
Heh heh heh
Haha niggas be like ball is life but you ride the bench. So I guess bench is life. I was so weak when I seen that
someone drive me to visit at work one day lol
I'm a few days late, but just watched two of my favorite men have an amazing conversation together.
Lemongrass Grill (thai in downtown BK) just delivered in like 15 minutes AND gave me free soda and edamame!
You're so vain Sunday jam session.
I hate when you could hella tell when girls are wearing extensions like put them on right
Fuck a sneak diss we can meet face to face fuck a sneak diss
Beautiful footballing right there
You can't be having fun if you're out and on your cellphone
Stuck on JFK runway for over an hour, now headed back to gate for \"maintenance\" you can do better.
dishonored for 5 bucks on steam. play that shit.
I honestly forgot where I dropped off my mom earlier and I'm supposed to pick her up rn. Whoops.
For everyone staring at me doing tri-dips on the bench outside my apt: Thanks for not making it weird
I'm scared I'll actually catch a fish and then have to take it off the hook..
My baby is back!!!!!!! YESSSSS
\": Miami still won 2\/3 in the last 3 years.\"Thank You Point Proven All Ya Haters Eat Dick
What do i do with my prom dress now lol.
No shit Nikkie is a girls name haha what of it.
Lmao he fucked himself up
I wish i could be with you all my life
I don't think Iv ever switched up ... Nigga I'm lame IRL and on twitter FOH .
When Bosh takes a 3 I feel like it's by accident, like when you press the shoot button with the wrong player in 2K.
Do people know that it's illegal to drive with headphones in?
The pitch is in awful condition
Vamos Vamos Argentina!!!!
That awkward moment when a guy has a better ass then you
This is really shocking considering she's been so miserable &amp; not sleeping at all this past week because of teething
True love will last a life time
Dells being like beyond petty like wow
-Yo Ser Muyy Atractivo xD Ok No!
laughing out loud . Literally.
- why he just violate rick Ross like that lmfaooooooo
I said it was \"for my nephew\" but it's for me.
SOOOOOO BADLYY OMFFFGGGG EVER SINCE DAY ONE OKAY
I gotta do things I never did before to get the things I never had
Hopefully its not what I think it is
I missed the stupid ice cream truck cause of my dumbass sister
Totally acceptable to be rocking the USA tank and headband rn
no fuckin way
Angry Orchard is my new favorite beer.
Finna steal Tyler Boonstra from Westampton
Jhene &amp; john legend bodied that
I need to go home but I don't wanna leave
I DONT WANT TO TAKE THIS REGENTs imOMGFG
Taking a quick nap before I travel
\": Any freelance designers in la want a temp job for 2 months doing women's cads? Hmu need to help a friend !\"
Nigga all i smoke is paper \nIm a motha fucking taylor
.Thank God, because I was feeling rather silly with just the matching cap and unicorn suit.
After awhile being alone makes you strong, your kinda rebuilding yourself if you do it the right way
Fuck man I hate slow people.
alright let's hurry up with this id like to go to bed now
The shooting that happened down fkd happened on akron, damn.
I should've used sunscreen
BUT WHY CAN'T WE JUST BE FANS OF SOMEONE WITH OTHER PEOPLE TRYING TO DRAG THEM. HONESTLY. FUCKING STOP.
Put in Landon Donovan! !!!! Oh wait ..... this is awkward
WHAT A RIP HOLYYYYY SHITTTTT
All I see now on twitter is people who were no where to be found , now bashing lebron... Hop off his meat look at his numbers tn
A well organized pantry keeps a family together
I can always read in between the lines of things, and i pay strong attention to actions.
Phil of the Future is trending right now, this makes me happy.
RFT \"Guys ain't shit. I'll say it twice. One thing come out their mouth, actions completely different!\"
If ur lookin for plans for july 4th hmu
Hope to see you at 2nite for another all new with guest of ! 11 PM FREE!
That was a great mean event on Monday night raw
Average weight at the fair: 1.5 hippopotamus's
Like Id rather stay home and watch Netflix over going out
Oh jeez these interviews are painful.
Congrats to Messi on his first World Cup goal.
At least she's good at math and computer science!!!
Tue Jun 24 17:56:23 JST 2014 status with place
Can't even make your girl feel like she's your girl.
Well that didn't work... We are now on the side of the road...
I need 2 get a shirt printed fr fr
OMFG YAS they finally opened they eyes I hope they arest Pedro medina .
In all bottled up swimmin in the deep blue, and you're an open book, anyone can read you. And Im loosing my voice barking up the wrong tree.
Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind is on and I can't decide wether or not to watchh
Can wait to watch the USA do their thing tomorrow on th pitch
\"How can my ex girlfriend be my next girlfriend.\"
vcs falando da tati neves mas gente ela ja esteve com o justin, se eu tivesse isso eu ja estaria com a minha vida completa
I love how people get mad if \"non soccer fans\" watch the World Cup, like holy shit let them watch it
I'm like a little depressed right now that I'm not still at firefly
Seems hella offensive to refer to someone as \"just a follower\" once your \"fun parts\" have been all up on each other but hey, what do I know?
I'm not a big fan of butter pecan ice cream but it's not that bad when mixed with cool whip
Wish I had a lifetime supply of swishers
Don't fiddle while Rome burns. Get up off your ass &amp; make peace &amp; paradise happen. It's all possible.
\": may pretend they don't care but sometimes they actually want to cry.\"
FUCK YOUR SHIT GHANA TAKE THAT YOU MOTHERFUCKERS
Pumped up kicks is still my jam &amp; I will inform everyone when it stops. But that'll probs be never
Loving life but missing people I love.
OKAY ENOUGH WITH THE SOCCER!!!!! IT'S FREAKING STUPID
All a nigga need is a decent chick with a good head on her shoulders!
You are the joy in my life.
woundering if your thinking bout me cause I am thinking bout u
Amazing promo from Dean Ambrose
Who thinks k. Shiism cat my hair???
Shawty said she's captain of the Twerk team, yeah but we already knew it thooooo
It was a great idea to go through old pictures.
\"OMG I NEED SOMEONE TO SNUGGLY WUGGLY WIGGLE WITH\" like ok bitch if we cuddle we cuddle stop being a savage
I'm so excited to have Denny's
Can't sleep because all these warnings about floods
J'SUIS DANS UN RESTO TROP BIEN
Play me a song about heartache I promise I can sing every word Mr. Piano Man. Play me a song about love lost that's another every1 ' s heard
Emma has the most embarrassing pictures of me
No guy wants a good girl, you gotta have some bad in you lol\nNot the bad kinda bad though you know
Cant believe everything you hear sometimes you gotta watch
I spy Walt Jr on Switched at Birth
'On the take off yo clothes tip'
Happy 4th!!!!!!!! BBQ and Blow up stuff in good health!
My problem is that even when I hate you, I Love you &amp; when I love you, oh god... I love you
Red and white, blue suede shoes....Happy 4th of July!!
In about 30mins Ill probably forget the rest of the night
Ladies hmu I look good in all denim
come on Dempsey wake up!!!!!
I don't think I'll ever love someone I've never met more than
Man I want a puppy so bad
I wouldn't mind blowing a tree or toe tonight tbh
The Amazing Spiderman Vs Electro, Green Goblin &amp; Rhino. Plus Gwen Stacy Dies. Damn How Can These Movies Kill \"The Girl\".
I really don't like it when I see things..
I do got work at 7 in the morning
Soccer would be so much more fun to watch if they didn't flop and cry every 2 seconds..
Nikko is so ugly b
TMZ is so pathetic and lame. Fuck those people.
And I know that you know that I know that you don't really care.
I know something was not right
My day did not go as I planned it to be. Hopefully tomorrow will be better.
you know petes drunk when he's drinking beer
I'm not going to nobodies party ...
i think my muscles died in that TRX class. but, hey... now i'm off to dance it up in zumba!
Oh the people that comment on the islander's instagram pictures...
But sometimes, I just want somebody to hold, someone to give me their jacket when its cold
Damn right Kobe would've lmao.
It's a beautiful Sunday, Y are so many people coming tanning
I only FT Arianna cause nobody else would listen to my day
y=mx+b to find the slope of that ass
Just thinking about my day, who I touched base with, and how appreciative I am of the few friends I have.
11 pitch at-bat then an RBI single to right. I'm gonna miss these classic Jeter moments
Then fuck am I so emotional for this week.
kelan mo kaya makikita mga tweets ko sayo
I'm gonna try to stream for a little bit when I am done installing a program to this customer's computah xP
Seriously a 4 HOUR delay!?
Watching the game with my father &gt;
OMFG YES USA
Ya got somethin on yo face.....UGLINESS
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE MESSI, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!
I'll put a point on top of a point. Don't try to prove yo point to me. You'll lose.
Idk how I'm going to survive in VA, I listen to reggae\/soca 24\/7 !
Trade Nash to free up space for melo and bron w\/ wiggins starting PG
wish we would fight less and talk more
It was nice seeing .. Hope everything is good !
Why do I even have a phone haa
Ginobli balling like he got long hair again.
Good designs can be pretty. Conversations about good designs aren't pretty
Billy Dee Williams played a pretty good Harvey Dent.
Chucks look the best when they're old &amp; messed up
Girl I like the way your booty pop
In lieu of my lost book, this week's (s) are by &amp; by
I feel like so many other girls are really pretty attractive and I'm just sitting here like when is it my turn yo.
Rice from CMC is scoring at will! He has CMC up by 2, 76-74, with 6.7 to go!
When did Myspace turn into a big page just for the promotion of music??
I'm not going to bed until I found out the name of that reggae song!!
Jordan would have ended that run at 13-0
I'm about to have an epic meltdown. I'm scared for all of you.
If we get Kevin love or melo and d rose coming back it's over!
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
I haven't watched The Vampire Diaries in two days
No other sports have fans like soccer fans either
I love how House refers to X-Files and Grey's Anatomy as television shows as if House itself is reality
Beyond devastated that Del Fuego is closed today &lt;\/3
YESSS!!!!! FUCK YEAHHHH
Ms. Frizzle is my favorite teacher by far
Footie time; sightseeing temporarily suspended.
Si soy un error, al menos trabajare para ser el mejor de todos los errores..
Tough day in so many aspects ...but I stand undefeated!
With all the talk lately of \"Pro\" photo editing apps, I wonder what that means in 2014. We begin with such better photos than ever before.
Ill just always be your biggest disappointment, sorry mom.
so many selfies in the same bathroom I could tell you what hand soap yo titty drooping to the floor ass use &amp; u wanna talk about my dry life
What do you think of me
Happy July 4th everyone! A day where beer and BBQ are the main food groups.
I now feel like my mom has come around and accepted the fact that I'm gay.
i feel like im literally dead
there's this Brazilian steakhouse in LA that has the hottest fucking waiters and Samba dancers in the world
Even though like.. I aim for the toilet
TV tonight: jenny mccarthy advertising electronic cigarettes. 5 hour energy is just a veteran support play. Now i remember why i don't watch
He's gunna kiss you and you'll feel the world stand still
there's no thrill quite like pushing to production on Friday at the end of the day
Laying in bed listening to the rain is so relaxing
I'm always last one everyone thinks about
Go easy w the exclamation points RT : The Polls are officially Open!!!! Get out there and !!!
Girls gotta stop lying on social media
Raptors are dumb for trading Kyle Lowry
Yes I get the day off :)
, with a population less than SF Bay Area, has advanced to the quarterfinals of .
A ice cold beer sounds nice right now
DEMPSEYS NOSE OMG
i can't wait for this is hardcore
THE TRIUMPHANT RETURN OF BEAR IN LITTLE CAR
Pool day with cayden was fun but now theres nothing to do
Cant sleep, watched 2 movies on netflix did my hair in corn rows, undid them, did my hair in 2 french braids, smoked a bogie &amp; I'm still up
I come here to talk to myself
Free booze (in coach) on flight to San Fran. Probably because flight attendant was hitting on me. (It was a guy, but that's not important)
waiting in front of strand books bc i got here 15 mins before they open
\": Lebron has quit 630 to go \" quit? you are a fool
I hope she liked the flowers I gave her
Timehop as showed me that I basically look the same as I did freshman year of high school.....great.
Manu Ginobili is the only old head in the game that still got it
It's hot already and I'm in this car with AC and everything bro ;\/
Oh your fake? Well I already knew that so... How is this suppose to work I walk away or you..? Cause this shit is getting
im so sick of people only talking to me when they need help , i have my own fucking problems and you dont give a fuck about mine.
I love never having to wear a bra
You how follow me
I always out on these pair of sweat shorts backwards ATF
I know I said a verrrry long time ago \"forever alone\" but damn how long is forever?! Lol
They're cutting MORE of my tree?!
Jhene has no ass ...... But I don't care
Loving that \"shack stew\" from
I'm in a Southern state of mind! Can't wait to get the hell out of here
college is expensive
I wanna be a traitor so bad
that comment my coworker made left me hella insecure.
Good morning Lori and nice to see you connecting on Google+ \n\nHoping you have a fantastic rest of the week! \n\nCheers from NYC
Chris bosh getting traded after that
My phone on 5%. I don't feel like getting up
I CANT STOP SMILING RIGHT NOW
U can't spell Tucker without TU \n-Tucker
There's so much I want to say but twitter isn't a place for a sob story...
Plugged in from the north to the south now
A todos mis colegas, Bless
+ RECEIVING=W'S\nIn ML approx 8 striballs\/gm\nIgnore count\/save .13 R's 4 ea P called a K vs.ball\nChange1 P\/gm=21.06 R's saved\n10R saved=1 W
My family is always gone when I want them to be home! Lol
What is that spray that these trainers are spraying on injured players on the field and how can I get it?
When I am with you there's no place I'd rather beeee
Everytime I buy clothes I feel like I need to clean out my closet and start over.. Lol
Tim Howard showed up to play today
Just found out my girlfriend doesn't like bacon ... Day ruined -,-
Some shit I'd do....u can watch nigga.... eatin ain't cheatin
I swear there is an ice cream truck constantly circling my house.
$11 in tips for my first night. Not too bad.
You can still be classy. Sheesh
Ugh! I'm missing a great game! This radio shit does it no justice!
I hope that andi doesn't pick Marcus so I can have him
Great first inning for Matt Cain. Economical 11 pitches and two Ks.
Spent the first couple of minutes of my bday with
I've been through it all, theres really nothing left too lose.
Is it an embarrassment to go out with me or sumchin
ever be so bored you start thinkin' about weird stuff
didnt even know that common still rap
I wana fucking kill Angela at work, treating me like I have no clue what the fuck I'm doing, I've never been so fucking pissed
Happy forth of July everyone
\": Some people will never appreciate the things you do for them.\"
Hour 4 still no grades... Stay tuned
he did ain't worried about nothin
Swervin with Balotelli , the fuck are you tryna tell me?
julius you need to cool it
tomorrow is my last day being cripple free
Is Purple Album better than Young Thugga Mane La Flare?
See it's that time of the day where like a nap might turn into something more than just a nap
that goal just gave me chills
Please go follow my other page
Them booty shorts doe! I can't
That's my favorite
My sisters boyfriend is currently seri nadir her while she brushes her teeth and washes her face &gt; life goals
\": it kicked us off lol\" Still a great show tonight SEXY BOSS MAMI!!
Literally the longest day of work ever with
I live for the applause. I live for you to have a seat.
Nice night to sit on top of my car play dead tunes and just think
So UConn landed a recruit that Ollie and myself have wanted for a very long time. is a Husky!
004 talented skater tbh. That double flip 3rd try tho c;
When people ignore me but me on social networks flexin lmao k
\"this appetizers filling but I'm ready for my meal.... do it cause you love it, do NOT do it for the deal...\"
I seriously feel like crying over 42.
Boycott Mexico!!!! They are working to destroy the USA!!!
I hate those types of people who roll and then be like \" hey I need to sit down \" in the middle of their roll
Why do post hardcore kids think that no other kind of music has any redeeming qualities? Open you fucking mind
YASS!!!! 2-1 USA!!!
Ion know a nigga that can cover for me
Oh no, Jozy is down
being a girl can be so annoying..... my mom just lectured to me about getting pregnant in high school with the thought in her mind that im
The \"No Smoking\" signs at the are the most useless deterrents next to the ones at Comerica Park prior to 2014
I'm so tired I think I've slipped Into an alternate reality. Work in 6 hours....fun.
I need friends out here in the desert.
Solo Guardo Recuerdos De Nuestro Lindo AMOR
Yesterday sucked a little. Suppose if you walk in circles, quite literally, you get bored.\n\nBut 'tis a new day. Can do much!
I LOVE YOU
Ok so is something
whenever me or jade are about to tweet something risky we always send it to eachother saying \"say I won't\"
Oh, but I'll be alright as long as there's light from a neon moon
30 sec goal! Don't believe this
Drunk On Love &gt; Drunk In Love
Anyone wanna come to my house for 4th of july? I have tons of fire works and nobody to light them with..
I'm a sad girllll I'm a bad girl I'm a bad gurlllll
Not being selfish anymore. I refuse to lose you over it.
I'm stuck with way too many dreams
Goalllllllllll Messi 2-0 woahhhhhhhh
What is wrong with the ? One bad decision after another. 1st they take away buffer zones, now a woman's access to birth control
E'ville for the night then a little golfing with da boyz in the mornin
Hope I don't fall asleep at 2...again
i am pretty sure our subletter moved out bc she thought i was running a brothel out of my bedroom
Da para unos mates con estos panqueques...
That may have been the best concert I've ever been to and that's saying something holy shit.
Company party at the bar. I'm going to get trashed,
Timed my 40 yard dash tonight, ran it 3 times. First 4.54, second 4.51, third 4.55... Got one month to get into the 4.4's.
bout it bout it pt. III - the diplomats
Penalties it is! Come on Los Ticos!!!!
Watch her drop into a split tho
why am i wearing long fuzzy pajamas and wrapping myself in a blanket
Just a lil freaked out, told devin what I thought the plot twist at the end of shrooms would be and it came out to be true..
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday
I have a hella radical girlfriend. She rules.
Basquiat will always be one of my fav movies
As long as I get a 65 on chem I'm proud
\"Jenny, you might have to get a brush made of squirrels. Is that okay with you?\"
Lol did that dude deadass cry when Messi scored... Dude needs to get his life in check
\": The best thing about is that they never change, even when the people around them do.\"
\"I don't like to compete, I just like to win.\" -
Lmfao RT : yo omg RT : yooo white people are so good at debating the bill when they feel they are over priced
I'm home. Lights are mostly off. No one is downstairs and all of the ice is missing. Hmm
I'm in a bad mood today so watch what u say!
I should go wake my mother up &amp; make her take to me to the diner ....
Never thought me out of all people would ever become depressed.
MINI SKIRT WITH MY JAYS ON
estos diarios progres, me siente el olor
I'm a sucker for some abs
There's having a cup of coffee and then there's enjoying a cup of coffee. I just enjoyed the shit outta that cup.
the OCEANS where they find you.
I really should go to sleep but what do I care
This match, HEAVY-WEIGHT tension paa oh!!! VIMM!!
In 24 hours we'll be graduates of RHS.
Caity just fell off the roof of a car when we were star gazing lol
my bae should rlly notice me
Didn't eat today yet the first thing I crave after finally leaving the office @ this hour is a bottle of wine...
When ya homiez only hit you up when they need something &lt;
Wanna play hide and clap?
I bought my car because it's good looking, I wanted something to lower and I knew I could average ~30mpg NOT because I wanted to go fast.
GOOOOAAALLLL DEMPSEYY!!! !!!!\n
seguime y te sigo esta promocion no es para siempre
You're the one that I love and I'm saying goodbye.
That was a slick move haha
Pride bring out the BADDEST ladies in the Bay
I can't sing tho lmao but I sang my little heart out
This game needs to end already!! I need to know if there's going to be a rematch
\"Girl, you just saved that lamb's life! No lamb chops tonight!\"
Could anyone I know at Velocity this week look after for me? Also if you sends you a link to a picture, don't click on it.
Serenity: Falling asleep to the sound of rain. Shab bekher
Mike0n3 RT : I need more snapchat friends
I literally didn't do anything besides watch the walking dead today
Im tryna cash out and burn I haven't had a delivery in over an hour.
Not looking forward to my birthday at all
Run from anything that needs FDA approval.
Having a heck of a time trying to get home - looks like I'm gonna be 21 hours late.
Why do I watch military return videos when every time it ends in hysterics.
I'm not against putting my penis in your vagina
Miami gettin Kyle Lowry and is gonna have shabazz as their back up point guard...why
I watch titanic until jack draws rose then I turn it off I would rather that be the ending.
Yeah, I run on the treadmill with a bottle of wine
Kind soul at work thought I was asking for his #, went into speech on how he's \"kinda talking to some1\"..I was asking his # of tables.
All these new iPhone chargers suck
I'm sleepin wit my nina and I never put my blade away
Baby girl I just wanna see you well off
was expecting wp8.1 released date today. wth happened?
My alien beings. We come from another universe.
Theeeeeeeeeeeeeee worst day at work. Next table to ask if I come with their meal is getting kicked in the teeth idgaf
Absolutely love living so close to SF
drive tonight to SoCal is gonna be rough so coffee at 6 pm fuck it
you wont like my tweets. and i retweet black people all the time, i know you dont like them so you should unfollow me lol
Last day at the sau tmr and I couldn't be happier
I wake up nauseous constant anxiety not being able to eat loosing weight by the day. I'm disappearing. I'm a mess I hope I can get thru this
Wish I could've slept longer but I gotta go make my monnnneeeyyy
Missing school and all my friends so much rn
I think I'll just go home. I'm clearly not getting anywhere here
sent 47 emails in the last 3 hours why is this taking so long
Lost Robert in the TriBeCa Whole Foods
Lips so French, ass so Spanish
You could fill a swimming pool w\/ the amount of beer spilled w\/ Dempsey's goal 30 seconds into the game! Love it.
When you're using a towel as a blanket....shit is real lol
you make me smile you make me happy theres only room for one in my world thankyou forstayingbymysidethrough badandgoodtimesYOU KNOWWHOyOUARE
Nice hit, Brandon \"Dreamy Eyes\" Crawford !! Sadly, it was caught in left field. Game still scoreless in 3rd inning.
Low key if JB's song Hold Tight doesn't make you feel some type of way then you're lying to yourself
Sox pull out the win and jones ties up the game I am happy as can be
\": my heart says yes but my mom says no\" My life in one sentence
Happy bday to my big bro !
Tim Horton's sounds pretty good right now.
Hailey if you get me a Connor video I will love you 5ever
Never wear work khakis outside of work in other retail areas. You will get asked 5 times within 10 minutes if you work there.
When an American goes down, there's blood.
I think i lost my voice from all this screaming lol
Idc if you're sexy as fuck, if your personality is shit then you won't be getting any attention from me. So don't waste your time or mine
4am alarm for - that's some serious dedication. To what? Not sure yet.
Jeez Tyrion, I'm sure you're dad would've just preferred a card...
I never get why people say Mexicans are ugly when I know mad pretty Mexican girls and ode hot Mexican dudes lol
To do list: 1) Go to gym and watch the Russia vs. Belarus game 2) Go buy new shoes 3) watch USA vs. Portugal 4) Read a bit.
Anyone wanna do a yankee game this weekend?! We face boston in a crucial series!!!
My boyfriend misses me &amp; says he is going to wrap me in his arms &amp; shower me with kisses.\n\nHow do I know? \n'CAUSE HE TEXTS ME EVERY 15 MINS
2+ hours and multiple failed attempts with falling asleep later, littleman is still awake.
I think I live at ferris. Not mad
All the things that I said I wish that I never said em nowwwww
making love to you is all i want todo
if I can't have who I want, well then shit I don't want nobody at all
Happy birthday to the best mom around !! Can't wait to see you tomorrow! &lt;3
I just want someone to go on cute dates with
Espn announcers ain't about shit. Univision announcers tho.. They about it..
\": my tolerance for people is so low its gotten to a point where if i like you, its a literal miracle\"
Let me stop talking shit about Messi before he score more Lmfaoo.
I should really stop going to the beach because I am becoming an African
About to go work out and I'm eating a cookies 'n cream ice cream bar...
Are guys picky about what pussy look like?
La verdad es que ya nada me sorprende..
Fuck yeah Dempsey
The fact that we took a shot together screaming swag krew makes me laugh hahahahhahaahh wtf is wrong w my group
How do you expect girls to take you seriously if you cheat on everyone you're with?
I wanna sleep but I wanna sleep all day
I used to have like 5 people sleepover every weekend
Oh shit this fool Augi be rollin in his room, he be thinkin he at EDC or Gotham lmao
\": The Frozen soundtrack gets in your head and NEVER LEAVES.\" You just have to learn to Let it go ...
SHAWN IS COMING TO NEW YORK TOMORROW I REPEAT SHAWN IS COMING TO NEW YORK TOMORROW HOLY SHIT
KSJC 302353Z 28012KT 10SM FEW027 SCT140 BKN180 28\/13 A2977 RMK AO2 SLP080 FU FEW027 T02780128 10333 20278 56003
What's some good shit to watch on Neflix????
Disfruto la soledad cuando me toca.
vou no pier de bike de la vou na ilha de alcatraz
You hate to love her, but you know she's the bestt
MANU!!! turn back the clock
Comparing two men that I don't have a shot with, like I'm choosing between them, lol I'm so funny!
Mom: \"not that I'm promoting this or anything but five guys just walked to the pool just in case you wanted to go\"
psycho isn't cute
in need of sleep &amp; silence
woo hoo USA!!!!!!!!
Apologize if I say anything I don't mean
Margaritaville by Jimmy Buffet is the perfect summer song and if you say otherwise then you are wrong my friend
I favorite your tweet. Now what is you gonna say
Happy birthday have a good rest of the night!
AJJJ LAVVV MAJJJJ CANTRAYYYYY
\"I'm The Baddest Chick In The Game\" Lmaooooooooooo
ICM'ed it in a 4 handed deal, got $8k (~2nd place $) and luckboxed the trophy! Lol I'll take it, thanks for the rails\/support!
Scored two goals in my soccer game! Get on my level!!!
GOOOAAALLLLL! BEAUTIFUL! JONNNEEESSS!
I wonder how badly the mama hedgehogs pussy gets ripped up when the baby comes out
There are times when I really need my best friend but I'm 2204 miles away from her.
I forgot how bad church weaves and wigs look
if I kiss you will your lips be this true?
Son 20 -de ventaja que llevan los spurs con 3.30 x jugar
Trying to explain baseball rules to my French friend is harder than I thought
You're baddddd because you go to the smallest, shittiest 4 year school in new york state.
Yall bitches gotta leave that eye contacts shit back in middle school
Work is super shitty...why would I agree to this?
Safe to say is the biggest goob of all goobs
I never fucking charge my phone
I need some Loards or boba in my life
It's more fun when it's free
I gotta date with netflix tonite
Gotta see the p 0 in a minute
One person is enough for me, I don't know why talking to one person is so hard for motherfuckers to do.
I'm going with a double today.
Local news team just spent a good three minutes discussing the word \"phablet.\"
Fucking looked like ochoa today
Is there anything else worth watching on netflix
\"500 and I'll fuck him\" Julia Textor
how about I light everyone who pisses me off today on fire
Hate this fucking rain man it needs to stop or else no work for me in the morning
Haven't watched the NBS since OJ interrupted the 94 finals. However Im happy a team like the Spurs beat the Heat.
Grab life by 2 hands, hold tight because you have to enjoy what you have in the little time you have cause eventually youre going to let go
feels so odd being home after not being home these past couple of nights .
Out of coffee beans so I ground up a stale bag of Starbucks leftover from camping. Now drinking what tastes like liquified charcoal.
I'm going to replace all my social networking sites with a diary so only I will know I'm crazy
Ghana = dirty mother f*ckers
Unete a nuestra gente de siempre inovando hoy nacio CINEMASCLUBPREMIER
And your good morning's msgs first thing in the morning &amp; 'how you're doing's through the day.
Meanwhile Rach Roch Rochelle ratchet big ratch crotch and many more somehow became my nicknames
People who got Xbox 360 should definitely get Battleblock Theatre!
Idc if I'm graduated I'll always be referring to colonie high as \"my school\"
8:50 and im kinda almost wasted.. By 9:00 i say byebye
dad I thought I told you not to leave the house in those leathery looking pants
Walked so much today.
So I've been forcing myself to eat since then
That old guy caught that foul-ball liner like a total boss with his bare-hands like no big deal. His wife's look = he's getting laid tonight
I'm already super anxious about Big Brother 16. My body is not ready.
Thanks to Karen and the team for an incredible event! Great day of convos on tech, big data and integration.
I wanna get dressed and go do something productive.
I a m s o b o r e d
Costa Rica with the Cinderella run
some people laugh like they're crying, this is concerning to me
Can't you just my babe already.???
You Cant When The War Or Fight W Me.
He buys me ice cream, rubs my back &amp; plays with my hair until I fall asleep, he just takes care of me.
Why do you think you can tell me who I can't talk to we're not a thing anymore
Lemme get at them free
You make me feel stupid repeatedly
any cute girl friends lol
Actually all the religious people Iv met have been really closed minded and judgmental towards me
How fast a year has gone by..
The fairly odd parents will never get old
They fucking stole my fried ice cream I'm fucking pissed
I don't get why certain men are not satisfied with one girl.
GOALS GOALS GOALS GOALSGOALSGOALS GOALS GOALS EVERYBODY. And we're still on pace for v
2 early in the morning ..
I've been to myself lately &amp; I'm starting to like it.
My fingers are just crossed at this momment....
Another blown call
did just pass the baton to the pool master? I now have two favorite shows and two future clients.
Andy Gibb's voice is just so lovely to listen to. He and sound so much alike.
\"Never stop praying. Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you who be...\" 1 Thessalonians 5:17-18
I mean working ten and a half hours was bad enough and coming home to an asshole mom is even better
Israeli military actions are so disproportionate and indiscriminate they are indisputably the most serious kind of war crimes.
Let's fuck in goooo
Can I just sneak into graduation right before I get my diploma so I don't have to sit there for hours and suffer?
BRAVO COSTA RICA! LA CONCACAF ESTA EN EL CUARTO DE FINAL...
Beauty and the beast it getting crazy!
i really fuck w my mom\nshe listens to me rant and rave about outlandish shit but still listens + offers her comments\/opinions\nu the real mvp
Just picked up \"If I Stay\" can't wait to read it then go see the movie
Some people need a darn life!'
I've enumerated a list of all the things I'm into and it's pretty sad:
I put a hole in ya head like a 12 gauge
Nani took lessons from Divac, too.
\"Lunch is a colossal waste of time and money\" - D.O.
I'm done with bobby he lost a friend
Nice goal.. Damn lol
The music video we made had no music. :)
If you don't like oreos in milk then you're going to hell because that's a sin
Intellectual is my sweet spot
I hate labeling things, it just is what it is
su musica me trasmitio mas ayuda que las personas de mi alrededor... \n\nJUSTIN!! JUSTIN!! JUSTIN!!
tru life my name is actually guadagno guadagno guadagno
I'm really in the mood for chipolate
If you wanna do what you wanna do, ima do me.
If you reading this tweet you my bae now. RT to let everybody know you cuffed now
c'monnn maaaaan! U CAN DO IT!
Im pathetic like all of you tweeting my ass off and such
A must have for a night _____.\nAnswer
Been in Bakersfield for 7 minutes now and I officially hate Bakersfield
\": Self loathing is my favorite hobby.\" Mine too, let's be friends.
cute boys make me want to set myself on fire
it's too hot to drink but idc
That shot of the supporters in the crowd &gt;
Sin Ti La Vida Duele Menos
I just want someone to hug me and tell me everything is going to be alright.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT IS THAT
Most people are in love with the idea of their dream job, but not the work it takes to have it or maintain it.
Whoever taught R.Kelly how to use autotune needa get slapped cause this nigga can't use autotune if his life depended on it.
What turns up must turn down!
4 dias sin hablar con el
I still have such an issue with verse on \"stay scheming\" though. Who the fuck orders filet mignon butterflied? Fuckin heathens.
Anyone catch this \"the message\" documentary on bet? Jus wondering if it was dope..or nah?
Should I go for a run tomorrow? Probably. Do I want to? Not at all. Do I want to stay fat? No. So will I go for a run tomorrow? Yes.
They are all so cute ugh
Sometimes I like I wear perfume to bed just for fun
idk what's wrong with me but I can't stop eating
Did I mention that the open house at was awesome yesterday.?
Walked by a house where a woman was screaming at her dog. The only words I could make out were \"fuck\" \"oxycodone\"and \"license for a gun\"
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.\n\nGeorge Allen, Sr.
I keep it thrill for a body like u, cus you bad chick and your friend bad too.
Yay I didn't fail my regents! and
I got a day in New York what should I do
Never underestimate how scary sneezing while driving can be. That and putting in eye drops.
dang it, watched a climbing video and now I've got dubstep stuck in my head.
This im waiting to see if anyone can top the performance that did i hear going to perform tonight
\" You Look Ridiculous . You Should Sue . \" \n
Jay Jay did a nice header and Maddie Eggenberger hooks one in to make 2-0 Brockport!
is putting up a fight! Game of Thrones binge it is.
I don't like what these new BBCOR bats have done to college baseball.
For some reason that just touched my soul mann
So whos gonna visit me? Anyone. No one.
why is garfeel so fucking funny to me
Knew this shit was gonna happen
You and I walk a fragile line
Queen sized bed? What is this, an apartment for ants?
Got my tv on 100- my mom know what time it is- she know not to fuck with me
To all you girls who think men can read minds..youre wrong. Sorry we don't know know how your feeling all the time. So stop blowing up my tm
GOOL YA ERAA HORAAA\n
They have Ritchie a 5\/5 for skating.....? Wtf?
varsity blues | Wale ; this song is fr serious. if you listen to the skits
The girl gets diagnosed with cancer and still goes out and qualifies for Wimbledon. Amazing mental strength.
I should go to the beach with family friday come back in time for the cook out and then saturday beach again with these Custies
I just cruise controlled thru the healthy section at Waldbaums. Sick life.
hopefully that will hinder them from even thinking of following up with, \"nooo! I meant your ethnicity!\"
Do it now listen to the brilliance in Hands in pocket by A. Morissette.
They played like it wasn't even the Finals
I hate when bugs think they have the right to crawl on me and fly in my face
As long as i get that sweet little something late night kiss on a plane or a train or way back in the sticks
USA IS IN IT TO WIN IT!
All we do is fuck, drink, and sleep
On my way to work I saw a pregnant lady smoking. That sight saddens me.
Such a fail at the beach with rain
I'm Tryna be at my dads already
I'm not sure how I'm not knocked out yet considering I only got like 2-3 hours of sleep last night
I ain't believing this Lowry trade till starts reporting it
NOW I ONLY HAVE 8,900 PICTURES I HAD 12,000
Had one of the worse days EVER!!!!!
Forcing my ankle to run today.. Hopefully this goes well
You just like the rest of'em
I hate waking up after 10, I feel so unproductive
I can't say I like soccer, but I do love America
Never saw cb give a bad performance
I'm gonna go listen to fetus Bieber. Peace out.
So do i call in or nahh ?
Wait, 'Taxi Brooklyn' isn't a digital short?\n\/\/cc
Watched how i met your mother all day
Just found like 2 grams of some loud had thought I lost a month ago lol just when I thought I ran out sheesh
But try not to judge me, cause we've walked down different paths. But it brought us here together so I won't take that back.
Once you got all that you wanted, nothing was ever the same
Not sure where my focus came from, but I'm doing right now!
Glad to be home early on Friday! It's been a rough week!
Dozy Jozy came off? Maybe it's for the best because he was shit this season for Sunderland
I rather tweet than text him lol
But lets sket it
I kinda like the surgeon guy. I think Joss and him would be fun together, I hope they end up together.
Waste of time I spent on you
wtf just happened, why is Derek a kid again ?!
Working 2 jobs really drains you:p
Sittin Van Persie down? Your buggin Netherlands
today was a good day, finally
You gotta slap an album for about a week to be able to form an opinion not after the first listen
BBQ and heat game
Didn't bring a pillow. Tf was I thinking?
I'm not having sex for 5mnths
The week is going by quick but not quick enough. Sunday needs to come so I can sleep all day
Really wanna cover Numb by Linkin Park
g+ is the future \"socialized\" google
Wrestling with curt more like curt throwing me on the ground lmfao
Bummed Bowery Ballroom sold out for !! Extra Ticket Anyone? Help a lady out?!
NJ Marlins Showcase, 1st round of playoffs tomorrow 10am at Diamond Nation. Come ready to play email out later today.
Don't act like you care when you don't.
Maa nigga DR just hit me up. Haannnn
that we can win!
This kid is off the shits.
I cant remember the last time I had some Weed Or Alcohol
St Louis moment!!!!
Everyone comes out to their own entrance music with hype backstories like wrestlers. This is amazing.
It is so EPIC when your 95 year old grandmother calls to check up on you.
haven't been following but belongs in an X-Men movie with ring attire
I'm such a bitch if you piss me off enough it's bad I'll do shit like make fun of your dead mother for being ugly
Woke up feeling like your dad
Somebody needs to wife Jhene Aiko ASAP
Did you know: is second only to oil in terms of its value in the world economy. Cc
Holy shit that was an amazing goal
She tryna get freaky lol
MALIA AND STILES YES STALIA I SHIP IT
TWC Help continues to reassure. My real complaint is that everyone hates this service and yet we all have no choice but to accept it.
Who's hand is on google?
Can this please not happen
\"When you drive do you check out your muscles?\"
I'm have 2nd thoughts about Nyc! I really HATE it here!
With my back against the world who am I to call ? nobody!
People who change their accounts from public to private often are annoying
I don't understand why my internet is so slow when I'm literally the only person using it
Letting go &amp; moving from what I thought it was going to be to what it is. Is so new for me &amp; Kind of refreshing. No regrets. Happy Monday!
I wish I were a fan of Doctor Who. I never have the time to watch it. Gonna be on my summer bucket list!!
these Ghanaian going for blood and killing....
If you don't clap during the Friends theme song it's safe to say you're a communist
OUCH!!! That was brutal!! Now, Padres have man on 1st and 3rd. Nice try, Dreamy Eyes , but I don't think u could've caught that.
FUCK YES BOYS!!! USA!! USA!!! USA!!!
Got assigned a cubicle at work. Am I a grown up now?
\": My friends don't even hit me up anymore lol\" \"friends\"
subtweet that nigga all night idc
HBD to and thanks for teaching me how to deal cards... Kinda
We have an Internet gangster watch out
Had a dream won tomorrow. My dream needs to become a reality!!
i literally follow 4 5sos accounts so i'm safe
Babyyyyyyyy it's youu
I hate the way these damn south beach 11s look man
nice goal. Can't imagine playing in that kind of heat and humidity
God I just want to get out of the house today!
fireworks x drake ft. alicia keys
Guys that shop at I don't blame you I blame your fathers.
Yo this dog takes up the whole bed
Argentina just need to feed messi the ball the right way and then he's pure class
True friends are hard to find. Cherish every moment for someday they may be gone.
It's a beautiful Sunday. The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and I'm on xbox
Blasting greek music and I just don't currrrr
At the point where I wish I actually could cry. But nothing's coming out.
A dozen patron shots later were feelin some type of waaaaaay
oops am I supposed to care
binging on House of Cards season two. I've said it before and I'll say it again: human beings are funny creatures.
Everytime i speak at an event in Mount Vernon im usually the only person in my age group. No wonder this city going to shit.
Nani doesn't realise Ferguson isn't there to pay off the refs. Not going to get those calls here.
And the NBC truck is outside Leland again... Wonderful.
Your pictures bug me sooooo much.
Welcome to New York City and
So the guys that I like....the only person I tell and will only tell from now on is God..He the only one that can hook us up
ima make you go from 0-100 real quick -my period
Everybody report to 64 and Hudson for some basketball !!!
IMAGINE PLAYING VIOLA OR WHATEVER AND THEN SOMEONE BEING LIKE \"YO UR GONNA PLAY FOR NAS\"
! Wha a ! Common now ! Keep going, take the lead!\n
I hate people that worry about shit they have nothing to do with.
Ima get me a nice breakfast since I ain't rushing no more
Couple of niggas talking bout they going to the gay pride for the bitches.. But they gone be leaving with niggas
My father is trembling in his sleep please help
I wanna show you how alive I am.
Cmon let this rookie know what its really like IN THE MLB
Happy Father's Day Dads! Hope you had a wonderfully special day! Love my daddy too!!!
LETSSSSSS FUCKING GOOOOOO BABY
Happy Birthday Hope it was a good one!
Of course while I was reading about a mass murderer online, I heard gunshots outside my house. GREAT.
just me, the fish, and the sea
WHY ARE THERE SCREAMING CHILDREN IN MCDs DRIVETHRU. ITS MIDNIGHT
Toon in to BET if you want to see All the La Thots.
I actually feel like im gonna meet my wife over seas. Lets the traveling begin
Caminemos juntos, no vivas en el pasado.
my eye wont open so i guess the shades are stayin on
Parker showing bosh how a layup is done
Need to see in concert this summer. That's on my bucket list.
ZendAya nooo u were posed to slay
\": I've been watching her on youtube since she was young. She's gown up\" Oh So Now You A Fan ? Guh Guh GIRLLLLLL BYEEEEE lml
Small town girl living in a lonely world
Now you think about I might not smoke nomore because if I can go another 2 weeks my system will be clean.
Ima forgive I won't forget but ima dead the issue
Niggas made it to the strip club
