I wanna post this selfie but idkkk
If u think math won because of that shit about arabs, ur crazyy, shout outs to diz nigga went in
I really want to get a tattoo
One day Imma just start acting like the most generic Male created and see how many girls I can pick up
Im failing the speaking listening and writing part for Spanish
People who broadcast their political views on Facebook but clearly haven't done their homework are the bane of my existence
she bout to go downtown for a whole hourrrrr
Cousin has school at 8am -_- fhl lol
USA USA USA, THE MAN FROM TEXAS IS LIVING THE DREAM
Lol We not utilizing this shit enough
Good luck to all UNOH motorsports drivers tonight at
Puro vinito !!!
Yo cam if u ever see this\n\nWaddup
I just wanna see my mom proud, my friends happy, &amp; my passions pursued.
So one of the guys in Breathe Carolina straight up laughed at me during the show bc I was stuck in a mosh pit terrified.
havent been on nassau campus in over 2 years gonna be so weird
Pale Angels tour starts TONIGHT at Lulu's in Brooklyn!
With The Black Blade Bitch
Investments &amp; regulations we make over next 5-10 years will determine what grid looks like for next 50 years. -'s
Who tryna hook this strapping young man up with a delivery job?
It's 3:36 why are there roosters making so much noise ? :-o
Everyone likes attention regardless if they say they don't
what it's like to go to bed before midnight
I do whatever I want whenever I want.
Currently have 150 Tullys tenders in the back of the car. Very precious cargo
JAJAJAAAAJA APRENDE LO QUE ES SELFIE AMIGA
ya some girls need some tips on what not to wear lolll
Can't wait to watch Sportscenter tomorrow to hear about Lebron being compared to Jordan instead of the Spurs being champions
Happy lebron is gonna lose
GOOOOOOLLLL USA USA USA!
Messi you are KILLING me!!!!
Who's working out w me tomorrow morning ?
still too lazy to take off my makeup ugh
When I first started my own Beltran watch, he was hitting .218. Now, .209. Talk about going the other way.
I want it to be clean for when my uncle gets here, but that's impossible!
Never again will i do that gotta do it for the team the fam and the school.
Word of the Week: Everybody wants to \"turn up\" but I suggest you \"Look up\". The Lord is sending the help you've been praying for
Just got my first fishing license and ugly stick. Fun times
was quieter than today
Woke up tired and cranky and sad
Another hit for my mind to rome and do some thinking and I'll go lay down
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
What the hell was that
If only I could see Emojis. Lmao.
I forgot this was your fucking house ?
Some one take off Beasley
Mom stop talking shit about me I can hear you
T-Mobile is installing service at my house next week. The struggle is real.
This kid at the gym getting swimming lessons is freaking out yelling to his mom that there's a famous person in the gym and pointing at me??
Goodbye to 3 of my best teachers: NP, RN, &amp; pharmacist at General Medicine Clinic
I'm gonna smash your stupid little camp stool with the fire axe &amp; say it got ran over by the vehicle because fuck you.
Honestly glad they put in Chicharito he's going to make more runs Peralta was standing still up top.
Alisa makes me feel like a dick now omg
I'm in that fuck you mood right now
ogm ymg dof griffin my hejad jksut
Wanted: Persons interested in cruising the open road with me, tomorrow. Must have basic knowledge of peddling and balance. BYO bike.
Hate when say you fake n bully you its stupid , cuz they the real fake ones , all respect is lost from dem hoez -_-
So happy I am gluten and dairy free
2. Where state do you reside in?
I need someone to run at baby snail pace with me until I can actually run so I can do this race on the 12th and not die by the end
Yo naci pa los juideros
On the real, Kobe or MJ would find a way to take over this game or at least go down firing
I relate to Modern family. It's like it's an actual modern family. haha
Please please please come over im so lonely
is like a boring version of
I'm pretty sad I could have been done with college by now or in the middle of studying to do what I been dreaming of but no ... Cause broke
This swagathon is making me tired
No one likes a kiss asse
chris said we can't go on King Da Ka not bc he's scared of it, but bc it's scared of him
LMAO. Great flop, Patty. You get an Emmy.
babyy let me put ya feelings to the side
Absolute most badass\/ruthless thing I've ever seen Jack Bauer do. Stellar.
Tbh I miss Caitlin's backyard when are you coming home
ON TO THE QUARTERFINALS WEPA.
When talking to someone and they know your name but you forget their name may be one of the most uncomfortable circumstances ever.
it can be as simple as you make it
Within the first 90 seconds
When I first moved to ny I would get off at TimesSquare and shit just to explore now I'm like fuck this shit fuck these ppl y cnt I teleport
Tim Howard, naked and cutting the angle in my head
Someone's going to a good sore throat over there with all that yelling!
I'll survive, paranoid. I have lost the will to change.
Human: does something mildly annoying \nMe:yells at them
NO WAY DID I JUST SEE THAT
Turkish food isn't half bad
Don't feel like I'm going to sleep anytime soon
As of now is looking for 2 hit me or if u looking for a west coast team on 360
He wants them to become an indigenous species of Neptune avenue.He told me his master plan while wearing boxers and no shoes while driving
I wish it wasn't raining... :(
Trans women are not women born women. True. Because WBW has been used to oppress trans women, it's an emotionally charged with TS girls
I just wanna break you down so badly
I hate fucking virtual relationships. People value texts and calls over actually being there. I will never understand our generation
Just got 57s at my aunts house and the delivery boy told me my address and said don't u live there?? That's when u know I order 57s too much
cheguei em Buffalo e apenas todo mundo escuta Nickelback.... gente.
I dot take selfies with just anyone.
Any Am league got opening for xbox one?
I also watch the soccer games to scope out all the cute players hahaha
Awesome scenes today !!!
Ayyy personas que se mueren por ir a un pico y yo que me muero por que ya este la comida.
I wish I could just run away.... it's not like anyone would care
Wait and nachos from tombs
I'll have to walk a thousand miles just to find the ground deserving of your feet.
So a man walked into the McDonalds on Jamica Ave with a knife stuck in his back
if i refer to you as a stone cold bitch, it probably is because you are indeed a stone cold bitch
The amount of mosquito bites I have on my legs is not okay
Seems like funerals are the only way to get the family together
Manu just tryna eat!!!!!!
Deeksha seth,Taapse : Vellu flop cinemalu enchukontara, Flop cinemalu vellani enchu kuntaya ? Emaina track record aa ..
I literally still laugh at every part in this is the end
My immortal by evanescence is a timeless song
Could be 2-1
To my best friend, my little brother. My day one and to forever. It has been a honor growing up with you \nHappy Birthday man
I'm too delirious right now for my own good
Good 4 u.
LeBron bout to cry
World cup or house league... Soccer pisses me off
\"are you a Mexican because you are my Juan &amp; only\"
Well didn't I avoid a shitty situation today
so I don't need you no more.
I'm so fucking hungry lol
As a former \"Journal Inquirer Carrier of the Month\", I am disappointed with my paper boys effort. The morning paper was 2 hours late today.
You Aint Gotta Be Day One To Be A1 . &amp; Everybody From Day One Aint A1 .
Today's my Friday + Herrs box seats for Phils tnite! oh yeah seacrest out.
How about signing some fucking players?
What's Mr. Feeny doing in Greys Anatomy!
\"Don't yo and drink.\" \"Isn't that the only time you yo?\"
I'm so burnt I can't get off this couch
Congrats to that US student who got a bunch of press for doing something I do on a routine basis: get lost in pussy. \n\nZING!!!!!!
Parker Manu Timmy all on floor. Awesome.
hBd to the realest motherfucker I know
I really want the weekend to be here
Mom be acting like she can tell me what to do bitch you don't give me money chill
One goal puts it away come on Costa Rica!
I wake up and Tyler rolls over and says \"do you have a shovel in your pocket? Cause I'm digging that ass\"
I want the US to win today, we need this for our sucky ass World Cup legacy.
A veces, cuando renuncias a alguien, no es porque no te importe, sino porque te das cuenta de que no le importas.
Ah, San Francisco. 9:50pm and last call for food. As overpriced and lame a city as ever.
Cingada madre los esta dejando llegar....
At the Brooklyn Cyclones game, no score in the top of the 8th!
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x13
I actually like my phone case, about time I get one
Sprayed the taxi drivers Hugo boss all over me haha
Tamar is about to Kanye her ass for the mic . Calm down chile.. You made It
I love beckermans dreads
I'm dying to go to the beach! I haven't been to the beach since my going away BBQ last year
Let's see how long I can watch before I freak out and turn it off...
Getting my freedom on today, fuck yeah.
AB SOUL ALBUM DROP TOMORROW FAM
how you tried talking to my friend then try talking to me right in front of her smh lmao niggas these days
\"We missed the reality and beauty of the forests because we were diverted by the ugliness of some of it's trees.\"
I should study
Can I rewind back to Friday. This weekend was too fun and I wanna relive it.
Almost fought some dude at prominence today. Now my blood is just boiling
\"Just because it makes me tired doesn't mean it's good for me.\" is NOT a one size fits all journey. Mind your own weaknesses.
vou gravar eu cantando antes que o dia acabe
You are my motivation to make sure I don't fail everything negative will become my positive energy
at least it's a great feeling being grown up and paying for all my mission trips around the world all by myself !
Wow 26 years God lord have mercy! Godbless
Twitter roasting people at the BET Awards &gt; The BET Awards
Am I really about to go to norths graduation ...
Something relaxing about this Poetry room :-)
Hope no one uses the headline Spurs cool Heat, capture NBA championship. No cold Heat jokes please. Though the Heat has been chilled. Oops
Ang pgka bigaon mo daw Palmolive Commercial.. To the left, to the right... Mga lalaki mo ga labyanay.
Lol randomly getting lectured by Sunny's Aunt about drinking for no reason other than it's \"dangerous\".
Bigots panicked they will be treated as THEY have treated people for millennia: Is JP Morgan Chase the next Mozilla?
SHE DID IT SHE CURSED FINALLY
I still wouldn't fuck with it cause I got nothing for spoiled overhyped rich white boys
Well I had a filling breakfast here at SFO. But I still have a lot of time to spare
Weather is always crappy on the holiday weekends
That's funny you should tweet that.\nNo but tweet it. \nTweet it. \nSend the fucking tweet JENNNN
The good thing about summer vacation is you can wear the same outfit multiple times in a row and people never notice
We live for the love. Die for the love.
I'm literally frozen I cannot deal w cold rn
These drugs are just a war with boredom
Tookah pooh going to church with out me
I want to find the one that reciprocate back to me.
I hate asking my parents for money
1 hour till and I take on jersey together
I don't wish death on em ' I just reflect off em.
such a nerve racking part right here
I miss finding glitter in my bed the next morning.
at least I know I need to work on things
People are so sensitive about MJ. It even extends to other sports, ha.
the more time I spend away from home the more i begin to appreciate my family
With the guys tmr night celebrating our one year. Looking forward to it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA RONALDO you fuck up
When I don't have glasses it always looks like I'm giving dirty looks
If I could be all tatted up w\/ a sleeve rn I would be.
Thx Jones, am relieved. Go USA!
This is a depressing Fourth of July
Just like mentally and emotionally exhausted.. I don't even know what to do with myself anymore
We never even got to kiss
All things work together for good
USA 1MINUTE IN!!!!
Basically crying with Briana watching a mom deer and baby deer reunite from like 5 feet away
Earn my loyalty, and I'll always be there for you.
WHY YOU GOTTA LEAVE THE EPISODE LIKE THAT WHAT THE HELL. TEENAGE DEREK? WHAT THE FUCK.
Don't lurk my twitter and then have the nerve to be mad about what you see .
Finally gonna see 22 jump street
Great time playing salsa with Julian Vasquez in Jersey, now bringing the funk to the LES at with
I will find someone to meet me in the city and take me out to breakfast at 9 am. It's a date so only if you single.
I think I'm officially team Marcus
\"The love of money is the root of all kinds of evil.\" If you don't live for money &amp; possessions you can walk in all kinds of freedom.
Chivis: \"I'm excited for your party\"\nMe: \"I'm actually scared\"\nChivis: \"Id be scared too if I were you\" lmao
What if fruits had to have sex to make more fruit.
The opposite of love isn't hate it's a difference
Hasta los ladrones tienen que pagarme pa' derecho a vista .
Nigga had his face in some more pussy... lil thot
I hate going to sleep so early.
Still can believe this week is over already. Some priceless memories were definitely made
Ya'll are foul as fuck lmfao currently dead if we wanted it we already would've been with it just to clarify first of al
Falling asleep during the main event of is not a good sign for the ppv...
feeling bad gets in the way of me being a dick to people
Everything im in Fairfield &amp; i go somewhere w\/ ma sis and them im always like Can Sarai Come Ctfu.
Sticky weed the best weed
Nothing like getting into a fight with your bf on pride
Now Jack is playing as a Splinter Cell agent.
Hahaah pero siempre recuerda que tu hija te quiere un mundoo :*
So Everyone In The House Decides To Piss Me Off.
USA USA! !!
I have to see my pregnant sister every week\nshes 7 months now.
Why am I awake when I don't have to be
Soccer's a gentle men's game with a bunch of punks playing. Rugby is a rough man's game with a bunch of gentlemen on the feild.
Ayeee she use to fuck with my nigga tho
Taylor Twellmans a dork
I jus need to get home tbh
i think her booty fake, she says its real tho
Is being honest really that hard? Like really?
Idk why I'm up but dm me so we can talk
4 years is a very long time when you think about it. Have to enjoy it. To be honest, this has been the hardest WC to enjoy
are you trying to be cool or
\"Your god and my god can get a hotel room and have a circle jerk for all I care.\" Pam's back bitches.
forgot i had this mild lol ahahaaha
Uk I had to catch the re run of the bet awards
Lol me and breezy just cried so much during that movie
I've watched this whole nationals brewers game since 5.... pretty fuuuuun stuff.
*cringes* I love , but she's no live performer.
No game today we get break an hopefully they start playing better tomorrow time to watch othe games today
Always keep my head up just lik my standards !!!
Have a great post brewing,probably will offend every minority, plus a few religions, plus America in general. Brainstorming titles now
Staying employed at the same company for over two years, on average, will plummet your lifetime earnings by about 50%....
The fact that I just have to cross the street to see Macy's fireworks today makes me happy
i will never understand why people act like its a sin to accept love from others
Guess that Cuban \"I'll have a mojito cause I'm Cuban, and I'm spicy\"
For those who said lost the football match because their players were . \n\nYou are pathetic losers!
Boys that have girlfriends but still try to \"talk\" to other girls &lt;&lt;&lt;
The guys running the just didn't let anyone on cause there was another boat waiting going in the other direction
Can't sleep and I have to be at work in four hours. Late night adventure anyone?
My dad can cook breakfast foods and fufu. Lmao.
\": I see subtweets ;)\" me tooo
I made Spotify accounts, use up the 7 day free trial and then make a new account. I'm trash.
evens the score 1-1
Ready for a great day of social media marketing and some great in Chicago with the Insurance industry
Work Hard Yes Play Hard Yes
Stop tryna bottle shots happen. IT AINT GONNA HAPPEN
going to miss Radio Soundcheck tonight cause I'm working ... will have to make up my own show after! .... details starting at 11ish
PLEASEEEE CAM I CANT EVEN TYPE RN IM SHAKING
I fly like paper get high like planes
They should give me the job to give all the players soccer haircuts before the World Cup everyone would be wet
My last week of tweets is all about Starbucks.... In case you were wondering how exciting my life is
\": LMAOOOO I can't even stand you\" lmao:)
I can never see a guy around my age that way.
I remember when you came to AES from Cabello i'd try to emulate your handwriting bc it was so nice!hahaha you're so skinny &amp; your brows &gt;
going on twitter when I'm slightly emotional means 'sad but true' retweets.
I am going to have to fuck a lil white bitch up in riverside bc of her mom running her mouth
Pay the extra dollar &amp; buy all books at a local bookstore. Unless you want your children's children to never know the smell of a paperback.
Okay I lied in gonna tweet 4 more times and then I'm gonna be off for the next couple hours
I wanna get drunk this weekend next weekend the whole damn summer
Ya ni me acordaba que los black berrys existian
making a foool outta myself is my specialty
I wanna hear luke say \"Juliette\" in person, I think I would die
Just heard Brooklyn woman say she had to break up with her boyfriend because he's \"like, obsessed with robots.\" A new thing to worry about.
Its not that I don't want you in my life, you just don't deserve to be in my life.
Damn,i just got back with another 40.
Fuck n that annoying happy song
It's already the 4th of July wut
My restaurant is completely booked for tomorrow's USA game. Need to be prepared to be superwoman for the day!
White people probably like why's everyone beeping!?
Great now i get dropped off at the airport somewhere &amp; im lost tryna find my next bus
\": I'm on every social network as \" JUST DID!!
Welcome back , there is hope again in Dallas; bet picked him up at DFW
Track walk time on 3.4 miles HUMAN POWERED!
someone really got low with my wavy ass nirvana lighter smh
Sunseta are sexy
Hell of a game by goodshit man! Congrats!
Im tryna hit the gym asap
Reflecting on today lmaooo
It felt like you really knew me, now it feels like you see through me
In the words of Ron Swanson: \"History started on July 4th, 1776. Everything before that was a mistake.\"
can we just be graduated already? lol not feeling this at all
I remember when paulina used to talk to a Dino
After 13 years, is still at the top of its game. Love it!
Goodnight everyone. Remember, never settle for less. You're worth more!
Get in good with your bartender, that way when you take a date to the bar he'll make her drinks really strong.
That's the dogs name right ? Lol
A beautiful face was all that you had, cause on the inside you're ugly mad
Married people don't know two diff versions of Let It Go came on back to back in my shuffle. That ring's not lookin so big now is it bruh
New perfume that I want and I need to save up for Justin's new tour.
Tamar so shady love itttt Lol
.well, to be fair, I did use more than my share of Afro Sheen in the 60s and 70s.
You'd lose your mind trying to understand mine.
Thankfully we have the US all time leading scorer on the bench - ready to play - DOH !
I'm not sorry for anything.
No but I really want to go to college I worked to hard my senior year
Oh my gosh!!! Mockingjay Part 1 trailer comes out in a few days!!! Freaking out!!!!
My dad gets on the wrong train, what an idiot
No I wasn't watching tv or anything feel free to come in and start a fucking parade in the living room you assholes.
Another night another trip the the Bee Bar
1st Day Westcoast wake ups are always rough..By the looks of attendees..This 1st year of the Steph Curry Guard Camp should be great!
All of JoJo is amazing except Part 3 and Part 5
Shoutout to for killing me today
And you, son of man, set your face against the daughters of your people who prophesy out of THEIR heart, and prophesy against them...
Shakira is never allowed to die because no one else could write and song World Cup songs like she does
My dad trying to figure out his iPhone is the funniest thing in the world
I Forreal was about to fight this dude for almost stepping on my Jordan's. I repeat ALMOST stepping on them. So... Yup
Driving to Holbrook because Iftar is 2 min earlier there lol
You're a cunt. End of story.
Todos quieren sexo con ella, y ella de todos se burla, o poco se junta...(88)\"
I just don't understand why everytime this happens
My week will be full of dreadful hours at work, but then Saturday Life in Color will bring out the bestttttt!
What are this speeches about?
Omg I have pizza from pizza hut. Life made
My mom didnt cook anything and im starving and im too lazy to go outside ugh fml
I hit that point where I'm probably just not going to sleep tonight
I'm trying to eat dinner in peace. Kindly, go fuck right off.
\"I love how my kids know who is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian. # NothingWrongWithThat\"
My Uncle tricked me into eating out so he could pester me with life questions
Going to bed bc I literally can't deal with people anymore
Ugh I really want to see 22 jumpstreet tonight
I'm honestly so done with this
idk why you have a phone because you NEVER answer it
sometimes i forget people outside the gc text me so i never text anyone else back
Who got gta5 on ps3 inbox me if you do
All I want to do is go to upper east side Manhattan and live like Blair Waldorf forever.
you ever just keep some shit to yourself but for surely know you'll bring it up when you're drunk and it's like annoying ugh
Shocked the keeper
Guy looks like a meth addict
but seriously who's taking me to the beach tomorrow???????
If you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough, and if you're going to be bitter, you should at least be cute.
The season finale of had me feeling all sorts of things.
They just played Sweet Caroline at Citizen's Bank Park. The Phillies really are having an identity crisis.
peguei icons e headers do projeto x
I consider it particularly unnerving to realize that none of you are you, or who you think you are. You are just a product of circumstance.
Friends come and go but jollof rice is forever
Lil nigga was tellin me how much beef they in over in the East Bay and I said \"drop all that shit. Go chase money.\"
I got a stack for the freak show
Ima go home soon I hope we don't go to another bar
And along with the big paycheck came news that I am going on salary starting the 7th
If you don't watch the World Cup on Univision, you're not watching the World Cup.
Online shopping before Monday even hits 7:30.
And were done
I still hate Boston -______-
Low key would be v flattered if a person used my pictures to catfish someone
Ohh that was painful..
when Michael grabbed my note i mouthed \"i love you\" and he winked at me and made a heart with his hands and mouthed \"i love you too\" goodbye
DEMPSEY WITH THE TEAM ON HIS BACK
\"John Green's success is like the way I fell asleep, slowly then all at once\"... too soon? LOL, hope Looking for Alaska won't be a let down
I seriously fucking hate Middle Country. Is it that big of a dahm deal to let us see our grades?!
Apuesto que CHIRIBOGA EL PUTO ESTE, contrata a un SEVILLA o a un CARLOS QUINTEROS, tecnicos mediocres y baratos para ECUADOR.
If You Failed Your US History Regents I Should Not See You In Red, White and Blue. Stay Your Ass Home Today.
It felt good to be back on the court!
Lei is one of the realest girls Ive ever met.
some girls just know how to piss mans off
Even when I'm right next to you, I'm still so far.
again more crap omg this is our final Ejami days it shld b filled with lots of Ejami loving&amp;afterglow toss in a lil ejamily &amp; perfect
Just almost choked to death in the middle of Ruby Tuesdays
Gonna have dinner at and 's apartment tonight. I get to pet the silly kitty.
Everybody makes mistakes, but you either learn from that mistake or you just keep doing it.
I hate Monday for work back
There's a dog outside my window. Which is odd, cause my mom doesn't have a dog.........
The Best Bars In America dudes have arguably the best job.
Found them they were on my lamp
Lobster ravioli's might be my new favorite food
My gym is open 24 hours I'm about to go back
\": you made a huge mistake\"
Crazy how much money motivates the things we do... I wish it was different
What time does summer school start tomorrow?
I'm so mad why lil Wayne fucked up his dreads....
Can't tell if it's raining or if there's someone in my backyard
One of the greatest things of is
Zana be like imma block them for a day and then unblock them because I miss them
It's a Friday night, it's a small town girl\nEverything is right and we rule the world\n2 twelve's in the truck back, beating
Hop out the range..hop in yo bitch
Love being able to go back to being my nocturnal self during the summer
Went to get skittles from the vending machine. Got the 3x combo. 2014 is my year
124: you're super nice but I don't know you too well
And that's what's wrong w this world.
New tomorrow.. need sleep, now.
Good fucking shit USA
Shedding real years because JJ didn't get a rose.
Sciencing all day and Star Trekking all night. Time to call it a day, folks.
Lmfao where's that rain at. Pours for 30 secs and then finishes
When u tweet a vine and it tweets the caption
Wish I could turn off my thoughts at night
She accidentally pulled back on to the expressway instead of into our hotel. How does that even happen?
Hate my freckles
Idc tho. I don't see why niggas from the past try &amp; come back into my life all confident like they know they'll have a chance again. Boo bye
I had a blast seeing the new film at its world premier! Thx ! + + = !
Lmfao this girl is really starting to annoy the fuck out of me.
WHO HAS MW2 FOR XBOX 360 ILL COP DAT RN !!!!
He looks pissed. Dot piss off the Demps.
And i want it all back. You never miss a good thing til its gone.
Brandon is legit angry because my mom said that I'm slightly more mature then he is
Jacee always brightens up my day
All these niggas know my name,... whoop whoop!.
\"I think I'm gonna move here just so I can get my food delivered to me whenever I want\" -
Yea most people on Catfish are completed idiots, but I feel bad for some of them.
I really feel bad for the people that dont go out and see different things in our world.
Dad can we get togos\n\nWhy don't you just put avocado on a ricecake \n\nBye
Just realized Bubblegum from and Starfire from are voiced by the same woman!
Even if you crash on me spontaneously while I AM TRYING TO GET WORK DONE.
It hasn't hit me yet that middle school is pretty much over...woah
HOW IS THE WEEKND GONNA HAVE A TOUR WITH NO NEW ALBUM. IM SICK. THIS NIGGA IS CORNY
FUCK YAH AMERICA
yeah shoulda put donovan on the roster
So happy Teen Wolf is back on \n
My friends have abandoned me in a hotel room by myself for 3 hours now...
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THAT WAS PERFECT
My fav chocolates are hersheys kisses :)
Just got paid and my check was gone within seconds
The scene picked to show from the actress, was nuts!?!. She did about 10 lines of the storyline.
Ive literally had a headache all day
repeat since I missed it! Perfect Monday night tv!
My best friend knows the struggles I've survived.
I honestly would rather graduate late than take another summer class
Runaway as fast as you cannnn
When you go home and go out to a bar and everyone from high school is there but doesn't acknowledge you.
Or nah -- the weeknd remix &gt;&gt;
When I was having those problems last year everyone was trying to help me. Now that I'm better and got over it, everyone is just ignoring me
the cast of orange is the new black is not game at all stop reaching
Should I check out the steam summer sale lol it's a bad idea
Just had dinner at Rose Water in very good wine list. Tasty, seasonal food. Chickpea, onion, English pea salad yes!!!
filmed with the lovely and two of the most beautiful women I've ever seen
Aqib Talib is about one of the stupidest pro athletes out there
Vacation will always be a preferred movie on my lists
My cousin better come thru with that ID for Reno
Anybody else vibing a monster mash session? That'd be chill.
So Jesse grand slam I'm calling it
I miss 1 minute of the game and USA scores a goal?
Hitting up social media every morning tho be like .....
They're already starting with the fireworks.
recap: no sleep, little food, lots of alcohol, and countless dev-orgasms
I could easily break the world record for most spiders on your face at one time.
Hey New York. What do I absolutely have to do in the Rockaways?
When you've been through it before, you start to recognize the same signs.
140.3lbs. 25miles GMR and pool party
Goal Ibesevic! The St. Louis Native (He could've played for the US nats if they scouted him)
I think people empty quote stuff cause they don't wanna see other people's Avis on their page lol
Pulled up on these two fines twins named Candy and Crystal. Its like their mom wanted them to be hoes lmao
Might go to a Bastille I really hope I can go they have been my favorite band for a long time there concerts look so epic.
Ok jk gossip girl is good now
i got stuck underground on the E train for 52 minutes this evening is that a normal new york thing
I can tell that the old man a few machines down from me is watchin the cup because both our fists flew up when Jones scored.
Jose Bautista is active? Let it rip!!
Mama Everything I do I do for you
Cant wait till she sends my mom her link
I've had such for this run since I saw it was on the schedule. Good luck
Does anyone actually answer private calls whoever calling me must think they do
Someone singing in front of me smelt like vinegar
A good relationship is worth the wait.
Fried food isn't unhealthy if you eat it on the boardwalk, right?
Hey what time are you playing tonight? I'm hearing second to last
Yeah, I remember seeing kings are cup champs commercials 2 years ago but luckily it doesn't faze me as much this year
Oh yea got off of work today and now I get to watch the games
Short girls aren't allowed to like guys over 6ft. The tall girls can't be left with midgets
Movies becoming a valid date based on it price......start taking these hoes to matinees
USA USA USA I BELIEVE
I mean real asshole. Like hes not a nice person at all.
How do you deactivate twitter ?
Ok, just sat down and and spent some time with a PMC tower speaker. Fuck me they are good. Might have to push that 1911 purchase back...
Watching Hot Rod for the first time ever.
Lmao got that nrg for that nrg
TW\nPost-assault I've always felt incredibly dirty, in a way that no amount of showers could cleanse.
\"It's fucking true, the Indians told me\" -
Now I actually want to go to Mexico
Whoever excepts a person that is 16-19 to settle down in a committed relationship is kinda crazy
The days are easy to endure. It's just that moment when something reminds you of what you've been hiding from, is what gets ya.
How to end up straight in the trash: \"My client, a start up, are looking for strong technologists ideally from Ivy League schools\"
\": What to watch on Netflix\"
I went to a Guide Shop and I liked it!
Apartment hunting is so stressful. :(
the first track on Dylan's recent-ish album \"Tempest\" is a swing tune (&amp; a cowrite with R. Hunter): Duquesne Whistle.
Paying for pizza in change is satisfying as phuck
Watching the world cup on my day off
Wow can't believe Jaime Lynn spears from Zoey 101 is now a country singer
Helena is the funniest clone imo
Don't start. I would go to the end of the fucking world for u.
I wanna go to Amsterdam one day
Nobody is tweeting about manu right now...
up early, hungry and just grumpy yo.
Por mas duro que venga, voii!
Tanto que critican a Messi \ny CR7 ni se vio hoy ....
BBQ chips will forever be my best friend
0 to 100 real quick I'm gone
Caught between what you want and what you deserve
Level 35 in Two Dots is killing me
WE SCORED AS SOON AS I LEFT THE HOUSE C O O L
lol you ain't been checkin in wit a p its about that time too tap in lol
What does one wear to djais? Heels ? Wedges ?
Mirror, Mirror, on the wall, who's the most of them all?
I'm not the black eye peas but I carry the pees like will I am
If there are boundaries, I will try to knock them down
Luisana Lopilato es el ser mas lindo del planeta
When I work out I stare at the triangl swimwear website for motivation
This girls crop top was so short her bra clip was showing in the back hahaha
At this point I couldn't care less about chem I just want the test to be over
Not mentally or emotionally prepared for today work 11-6
USA is losing all their players
que la noche esta ardiente, la temperatura sube!!
Could you love me in a Bentley? Could you love me on a bus?
Everyone is cleaning the subway right now and I'm just like long live the rats let them prosper
&amp;&amp; if you have a problem speak up already
Watching this live stream is heaven
I've been on wanelo pretty much all morning and I just want everything
This Is why I don't stay up late because I think to much
hey r u in the illuminati? asking for
it's pretty sad that I've cried so much,\n I have no tears left to cry..
My phone is literally dead, like today I've only texted two people lol my little sister and this cutie
WTF KOURTNEYS NEW HOUSE IS GORGEOUS
Why did they put him in a bucket?
Someone come over &amp; watch netflix with me please
Lmfao my mom just asked me to make breakfast I forgot she had jokes
\" which obviously about me \"
When did USA get the guy from savages?
The first time someone shows you who they really are - believe them.
Manu\/Messi. \n\nBoth are Argentinian. \n\nBoth are lefty.\n\nBoth are RUTHLESSLY clinical.
Someone come get good with me
Just laid down in bed and a picture frame hanging on my wall fell down right onto my nose
sometimes it's not the person you like, but their presence and the fact of somebody being there is what we really like..
SA closing shop?
The things I do to make my kids laugh!! Lol I'm hurt but their laughing so it's okay!
If u have a dollar sign tattooed in the middle of ur forehead u better have more money than Donald trump. If not, u just look stupid.
Bring on wondo!
willies so bored that she's tweeting me while she's right next to me lol
I See Qualities In A Bad
Bouta play halo i dont care
I'll ride with you through bullshit, just don't bullshit me.
Why this niggas calling me 'my love' ..I dont know you like that dude!
I've gotten used to not wearing my signature winged eyeliner, that it's kind of scary..
I can't even find my other ankle sock and he finds a transformer
How can you take offense when someone addresses a crowd that you're not???that's
\": Never talking to skylar again\"im sorry now I gotta go delete my nice tweet about you
Literally too cold to pull the stop request thing
Im not fuckin wit babygirl unless her head good
don't even bother to go on ig in the morning pass 12 o'clock
Instead I had my mamas actual fahu cut my hair.
feel for ya bro but turkey didn't even get in and England didn't win one that said, U S A !!!
The Pier was crazy lmao from what I remember
Yo that shit is broken
My dad says he has 7 days worth of music
\"Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo\" - Jon Sinclair
shows like Rising Star are cool and all, but suck for people on west coast because it's previously recorded so we can't vote.
Why do couples so frequently invite me to threesome? Like what does this say about me?
In the past two months have had 3 people I used to look up to tell me they live vicariously through me .. must b doin something right!
The showroom is so nice.
This girl is so fucking annoying man good thing i have selective hearing cause im not listening to a thing this girl is saying to me
This supreme court ruling just made my blood boil...
Why do people make up lies about their life?
No se por que adumen que peliroja es igual a sexo , malparidos
When I where my contacts, I feel like every object in the world was put here for me to admire in living color and dimension.
Hey fat person buying all the health food in the grocery store that recommended, stop it! It's about portion control not just food.
My calendar is blocked from 12p-2p at work. I'm ready.
even the word Bae is senseless, rihanna taught us everybody Bae these days
Deja is the biggest cry baby I know lol
Really considering jus leaving and only wamting one person by myside.
S\/o to this pizza tho
Sapiosexual is one of the worst songs I've ever heard bruh.
feel me tho? Why you tryina act like people don't like you when there are actually people in the world that aren't liked and aren't popular
The 18U Cyclones beat the Washington County Nationals 4-0 in 13 innings, improving to 5-2! 8IP 3H 5K W 5IP 3H 9K
I wish the weather would stop changing for tomorrow!
You made it feel right . When you knew it was wrong
im not sure how I feel about an old dude hanging with cam and nash. i mean i know its management but it's just way too creepy okay bye.
The solo performances haven't even begun yet, and this crowd is already awesome! it's going to be a great night...
Wow as soon as I tweeted that, they still got a chance then
Trying to finish a video I have been preparing its gonna be awesome! I love my followers
Forget it. Im too pissed to care about anything or anyone rn.
You &amp; me against the world...
I just wana smoke &amp; eat rn lol.
Everybody but me getting cuffed .... I think its me .... Like maybe imma not right or sum
1 Thot says another Thot is a hoe because she slept wit their friends man , but goes ahead and do the same thing shit wit the same guy
It's understandable when you're by some type of water but if you're going on a shopping spree or for brunch thennnn yeah naaaa
It's so weird that Sterling, the street that caused me so much trauma, also feels so much like home always.
Happy Father's Day, I hope you get hit by a truck \"daddy\"
JACOB YOUR FUCKING VOICE MAKES ME CRY DO YOU KNOW THAT
Some girls hope to marry within their religion. I hope to marry within the Jets\/Mets\/Isles fanbase.
I hate when you have to leave and I come back and lay down with no one.
I just don't know why I can't sleep
They always playing \"Is there a God?\"
Goin for a run, then shower, then... !??
Who wants to go to night slides with me and ponce?
Walk from the civic center to the ferry building = Too Intense
Wow so far I'm super unimpressed
OK THAT WAS LIKE THE SCARIEST PICTURE IVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE WTF NO
\"We don't have to worry about Serena as much as Roger.\" ESPN about retiring. WHAT???,
I think I'm in need of a girl at all times.
Bachelorette drinking game- every time Josh wears a hideous scarf, fill your wine glass with tears.
Happy Birthday Fabio.
Good goal way to be
Watch me not get 50rts and end up being naked for no reason
Awesome goal. The crowd is well turned on.
feelin like a bag of bones, shrivelled up and cold.
Just realizing that Verizon told me my phone was suppose to be in by today...
Come on France, beat the Germans
My game of with my children has mired me in seemingly unwinnable positions in both Afghanistan &amp; Ukraine. Totally unrealistic
I swear to god if I see one more flower headband with the ridiculously large flowers I'm gonna lose my shit.
arnab goswami proves himself once again as a funny joker
the heat gave up
Loved seeing all the Buffalonians in NYC this past weekend. We took over that city.
\": I am a divine creation - one of God's masterpieces.\"
All I know is I don't want this night to end
Moms holding a grudge cause I went to chipotle and didn't bring anything back for her.
My fucking neighbors are having carna asada, it smells fucking,, good mmmn
I'm damn near an adult, and you treat me like I just turned 13z
A service where you can buy a domain and edit a really fucking simple page, no HTML. For single serving sites. No other features.
The fact that Pharell just beat Beyonce who had double the odds of winning is the prime reason why Lupita isn't there
En este caso para mi ocultar es lo mismo que mentir. Liiiiiiisto.
TEAM3D vs Hardy Boyz TLC
.Does anyone \"own\" a SLUR?
I know I am sick if I can only eat half a slice of my pizza
I can't even type anymore clearly I need to reevaluate my life. Had a blast with tho!!!!
If this man doesn't hurry up with my hair I WILL pass out on this chair
THIS ROOT BEER ICE CREAM IS FRIKEN GOOD
I'm the only teen not watching this bet awards.
people who ship aokaga are interesting
Jillian ordered nothing yet still made a huge mess on the table
am i wrong for thinking that we could be something forreal ?
Did it hurt when you broke through the earth's crust ascending from hell?
Faith without WORKS is dead! God gives you the vision, but YOU must take the necessary steps to complete the work! &amp;GO
This Soccer Gods show on Fusion is pretty awful. Its like, let's strip Men in Blazers of its fantastic commentary and have 2 guys bro out.
Speolstra should loss his job, he should blow a gasket, he should bring in Oden!!! Why won't he use him? Why?
I need to meet at warped this year, I just need too
Oh what's that NYC, you have free hip-hop classes?
New York city is a place of opportunity
Just saw Michael Bay's latest in the destruction porn series known as Transformers
If I give you good dick, WHO GIVES A FUCK IF I TEXT YOU OR NOT UNTIL I WANT IT AGAIN
im so happy I have good skin. I have OCD and I freak out when I even get half a pimple.
36 seconds lol
While everyone tweeting about Shawn's new single . I'm fucking crying cause I can't get it until Friday. I hate my life
UR LYFE IS A RIDICULOUS SCRIPTED JOKE!!!!!!!
Gotta thank god for this weather
are you fuckin serious. better get their shit together
I'm so hard on myself, I've gotta lighten up. Everyone makes mistakes.
Japanese food ... Thai food ... And Chinese food&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Messi enough said
Feels got to be back in NYC. And now that I'm not in earshot of SF folks, SF pizza is overrated.
Everyone one like \"it's 9 in the morning yo wtf is with him\" and I'm like \"chill I got a weed addiction\"
It would be nice to actually talk to you
Wheres the slander tho? Before i get in my feelings like last night
Having snapchat back for only a few hours made me realize i still hate it
Woah oh oh oh I just wanna be a rockstarrrrr
THIS POST CAR ACCIDENT BLAIR\/CHUCK EPISODE IS BREAKING MY HEART
It hurt. Too much . Smh
Koji avoids the dreaded two blown save game. Was Doolittle pinch hitting a concession or were the A's out of players?
BTW GUYS I AM RED FISH (REDDY OR MIA) AND CIA IS MY BFF
*Man from Nantucket shatters hurtful stereotypes by being unable to suck his own dick*
A lot of people on here be talking out of their ass.
20 foot eagle putt slides by right edge. tap in bird.
I'm sure your bf wouldn't like you snapchatting guys who used to like love you ha ha hahah ha hahah haha HA a h ahHAhahah
When bitches be trippin. All hell
SUpalpal na naman si Shiela!!! Toinkz!!!
Damn dog ate my sandwich while I was in the store!!!!!!!!!
5oclock best time of the day , I'm finally free to do wateva , finna catch up on sum zzzz's that's what ima do
Please stop screaming at me my head is already spinning
Tea party stupids is a part of your party..good!.you all fed the monster and now they serve2 bite you all in the asses
I went to sleep with sweatpants and high socks on so please tell me how I wake up with mosquito notes all over my legs
Cesaro sucks but he better kick del rio's candy ass and break him
I just misplaced a bottle of Jack and stepped barefooted into dog shit in the same 5 minutes
Ambrose showing shades of the late Brian Pillman
It ain't a Game of Thrones finale without at least four major character deaths.
I want someone to call me Codie Jane like August calls Hazel, Hazel Grace
Yall think its a game ... Dudes snatching girls off the streets and selling them out
The feeling of being wanted and the feeling of someone making you happy is awesome
MY DAY COULD NOT LITERALLY GET ANY WORSE.
\"And I'm going to get 'good vibes' done right here\" v serious girl explaining her v serious future tattoo
esta noche tan bonita con tigo quiero estar
The old episodes of boondocks are 10x better
And may the wings of your eyeliner forever be even...
cute girls make me want to set myself on fire
You honestly cannot say (in your right might) durk is better than Gucci
GET HYPE! US is going to beat Portugal today
Mason and Penelope are so adorable
QUE CERQUITA COSTA RICA ESTA A 2 PARTIDOS DE LLEGAR A LA FINAL, SI SACAN A HOLANDA JUGARAN LA SEMIFINAL
Haha so he still made macaroni cheese for me, haha
let's all just boycott this test
Happy to go but cant wait to just get back
Ughhh stop being a Thot already
Does anyone want to be American and go sit in front of Starbucks with me in a bit?
I can't escape, these walls I made, containing me.
Take sometime to find yourself and watch how happy you are when you do
Why would you even tweet that lol
That hashtag was gay tho lol
If y'all think is not my gf you must be out your alcoholic mind lmao
But when I ask for my boyfriend to sleep here or I sleep there its a no. My sisters fucking 13 wtf.
\"Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everyone you meet!\"
Tu ere un pariguayo tu ere un pariguayo
Wait y'all gotta wait till Wednesday
Literally just wanna curl up in a ball and just sleep and not talk to anyone forever
Jermaine Jones is nasty
I'm not really sure I believe in second chances
Okay Miami clearly just have up
So iam the first obe to graduate from my family and my mother didt even congradute me smh thats how bad our relation is.......shrugs
I want to delete my twitter
I'm really not needy as long as you're not a scum bag with me I'm good
I have a dream to make hits that are simple song forms+soundscapes as musically, texturally, rhythmically potent as symphonies.
Seem like hos are the only ones that get relationships these days
You always said you had no luck with love. Haunted by the morals that you always put these men above.
What are friends for.
Its summer and im still in spring quarter -.-
Be scared. Be very scared. Sat. Night \/Fychannel 9pm
Get that money I aint gone say shiddd
rt : As a you hate small talk. If they can't hold a conversation they shouldnt be texting you at all.
Come on b
I wonder if you can hashtag emojis
Not sure if I'm offended Billy's mom didn't recognize me because \"I look prettier\".
Honestly nothing's worth it right now
Determined to not let this summer suck
Ooooo the movie Breakin is on. Dance is a whole new deal now.
Today was another hardcore basketball day.
They Ghana blow it! USA in seconds daaaaaamn
This niggas really boutta start making suicide jokes now
Like who are you everyone disowned you 6 months ago..
Honestly l just really don't even care anymore !
Ciertas personas confunden el sexo con amor.
im still in shock with everything rn
lol i really fuckin hate my life
Ronaldo you goddam idiot!
Mills went to Reggie Miller's school of flopping!!
\"You can't feel that much guilt without love\"
This vacations gonna do me a lot of good
Word on the street I'm a suspect hanging with the myrtles in the projects
Praying to Allah that I passed my algebra Regents I don't even care if it's 65 I just wanna pass that shit
that shit love can make you blind to a lot of shit
Want the cookie so I gotta chips Ahoy this niggas
Shit, if I get this Milpitas place, I'm gonna get my movie pass again. Movies for days.
Come on !
Everybody is busy? Oh well. Time for some more Destiny!!
If you ever wanna lose weight.. Just play hockey 5 days a weeek the weight will just come right off you
Kittens are cute until they get bigger... Then I don't want them anymore.
Dan and Serena engage in so much pda man
I saw Laverne cox from orange is the new black. Day made
we're about to have more than a handle a person this weekend... wut
It must be tough working at target\nYou can't piss any customers off\nNot when your walking around with a big bullseye on your back
big sur is easily one of the most beautiful places in california
whatever I guess
Who wants to be my 200th follower? Holla.
Five best groups of all time 1) beatles 2) pink floyd 3) nirvana 4) wu tang clan 5) Alice in chains
Kawawa naman ung mga muka nilang talunan! :( sa susunod nalang!
Can never scroll through my twitter feed on Monday nights between 5 and 8 because is everywhere
Looking at the year book from middle school is deadass jokes
Who wants to start a daily workout but starting tomorrow no slacker.
The better you are to people the shittier they are to you
Pharrell borrow that hat from smokey the bear lol
ps i met chelsea grin twice my life is so good
First u wanna leave then you never go i'mma set u free cause baby you don't know whatttttttttttt
Tryna find some ppl to go to 6 flags with me ...
The thrill of finally filling your William Stout frequent buyers card and realizing you now have over $100 store credit to spend...
In need of a cute girl that's willing to go to shows \/ festivals \/ and the beach
Next to douchebro wearing a button-up and sunglasses on his head, not even paying attention to the game. Plz same something worth tweeting
If we go out &amp; you complaining .. Don't go out with me
Yes cus I sure need it
I just wanted to see you
Let me just be nice this week,maybe it will fly by that way
I just got played ode like I was born last night
Although I don't miss east coast humidity.
about time we get on the subway &amp; go back home.
The wifi setup is being a fucking pain in the ass.
Don't allow society to turn you into a person you are not
I wonder if this sports bar shows Olympic gymnastics too
Cat has stopped meowing for now. Hopefully has run out of oxygen and fell over dead.
mom bought firecracker popsicles im in love
Sather playing cards I think, waiting for the second round
Skilled at what i do !
first thing i did when i woke up was text my drug dealer
Damn,Daniel taking his 55 incher out to the delta.
Just tested my Cuzin: Yo yo! Your pops got some dro? Lol
What the fuck do I do to people to always get treated like shit.
Twerking vids are so annoying fcking thots
Kanjam over basketball?? Hahaha yea right.
some of your best memories will come from some of your most foolish decisions
Omg damn nani
Yooooooo. It's 2014. Why am I still fighting for my rights?
As I sit here tweeting from work all I can say is I BELIEVE IN BUFFALO GALAMAD
All these years I just used it for storage. A waste. I will make up for lost time by staying here until November.
Im tired no these no name, , fake ass wanna be rappers following me lol
bitch who do you love? me or Chanel? I bet a bag make her happy like she was Pharrell
These people I live with are forcing me to spend time with them and like I've never been more annoyed
High School Report Cards: Now Available On Line? Great Boat To Miss.
So incredibly tired..... I should be out enjoying the NYC night life but the 3:45am wake up has caught up
Heart is racing
so good thing my parents decided not to drive to the vineyard in a storm that didn't even happen
I'm in a relationship with God , and trying to meet my goals. That's all I need.
Thank god for Demsey
saben que mi tio hermoso le va a argentina ahorita le debe estar dando una vaina
they are amazing
Lol my lungs hella suck now
Bottom of the 7th down by 1...3-2 game 2 outs man on 1st and 2nd. What do you do? If u are u drop head and hit a walk off dub!
I really can't bring no female friend or associate around Virgil at all
Today I learned that the generation that follows millennials is called \"Generation Z\" because apparently originality is dead.
O yay jesus heard my tweet electricitys back
don't follow ur dreams, follow my twitter
To think 3 days ago we were perfectly fine
This is unbelievable. What a come back.
That's why there was still ticking at the end of the last episode. Damn Jack you sneaky bastard!
I think he was taken by the Chinese mafia.
\": IMMA DROP KICK THAT JUJU ASS NIGGA IN HIS FACE , THATS WHY GHANA GONNA LOSE , fuck em , DEMPSEY YOU IGHT PLAY !\" wow
You've decided there is so much more than me.
The cheers Joe Biden just got were unprecedented
There is something seriously wrong with the power right now.
like i hate being talked about in spanish.. it's like hello!!! i understand you!! i get everything you're saying!! i'm just light skinned!!!
Lmao a room full of Central Americans going for and one Greek
I want moneyyy, all your powerrrr, and all your gloryyyyy
\": Desean Jackson ain't worried about those interview questions. He trying to see what that mouf do\"
I love Poussey and Taystee's relationship
\"I tried my best to be what you wanted, but I realized if I was worth it to you, you would have caught me when you made me fall for you.\"
In a world where misinformation runs rampant, how am I to believe anything at all, less I see it, hear it, experience it myself
Todo de fotos de voce sao muito sensual
omg i love when i see old friends who were skinny get fattttt lovelovelove. IM HONEST, I KNOW U THINK IT!
I needa cut b...I been growing out my hair but I'm tired of this shit I'm getting my tomorrow morning ASAP
*waits for tl to talk about 2*
And now all the LeBron haters can come out of hiding
And authenticity nicki none is real bout nick n it's called a persona jus cuz is white that makes her unauthentic?
Well that was just like a bullet straight to my heart
No recuerdooo lo que sucedioo
Si llego al mes y medio entrenando me compro mi venenito.
So much has changed in literally a year
As of today, I own an Apple TV
Well, now I just feel stupid. Haha
Ppl who only like all time low bc of 5sos r ppl u don't need in ur life
I'm so happy I saved half my mi pueblo burrito. I'm finna smoke and gruubbbb
Seattle to San Francisco right after Everfree for a screening of the brony tale documentary? \nCan do!
Want your car to have a faster 0-60? Lose some weight. stop being fat. the more weight, the more downforce.
I had my first issue with a gay man - his legs were so nice &amp; toned .. Much nicer than mine .. And I loved his outfit ...
Look who showed up! Vintage vintage Messi!!!
Omfg the nap in my hair
My specious project of strictly personal interest wasn't picked up by the fat cats at Jim's Talent Agency. So now you... give me your money.
Everyone is so materialistic.. Including myself
Almost been like 2-3 years that I've gotten it (-:
Damn I love these PKs! Sawp Costa Rica
They might relate to what I've gone threw but they will NEVER understand the pain in my shoes!
I've never met someone who seemed so interested in what I think about things. What a concept.
Exciting news (or terrible, depending on your POV): gave me , so I will be watching episodes until my laptop dies.
My mom keeping adding stuff for me too cook like we have hella people to feed
This time and a half pay is the only thing making this shift worthwhile
Taking Van Persie out was either really smart, or extremely stupid.
\"Grab a patriotic Budweiser and support the troops\"\n\nThat's just....\n\nJust no.
New Yorker native superiority is bullshit, unworthy of the greatest city ever. Myopia blinds them to the city's true distinctiveness.
Up in Hova office now like he the fucking principal
I just witnessed a raccoon jump from the top of an 18-wheeler speeding down 537 and sprint down the road in the broad daylight
nothing's better than cleaning the kitchen at night before bed then having to get up in the morning and clean it again. everyday.
Have the house to myself too bad I don't have friends
send me away with the words of a love song
I don't remember tweeting \"omg\" but I got 2 favorites so I guess I'll keep it
Back in the good old day, knew how to brawl, talkin real gun slingers, talkin real outlaws
Summer is gonna be extraaaaaa long for me this year. :-)
Crazy how different players from different sport teams are watching this US game
Not enough time in my day for everyones bullshit
Every time I finish a song on Pandora and go to turn it off a better song comes on and I have to listen to it
I hate that fucking follow button on the side.
Soooooo what good with Dallas? Who am I driving with?
My dad just got overwhelmed at shoprite because there's so many choices of light bulbs
Good to know you still can't respect one of the few things I actually have asked of you
City Park tomorrow.... Make sure everybody be there...
There is some fucked up shit on world star
..ummm but youll cover a fucked up drunken night of Tattoo'n..Removal?? Wait i must be confused..
Questions from Panera customers: \"what's the difference between the tortellini Alfredo and chicken tortellini Alfredo?\"
Great job come to nyc to give a sesh on your class and experience.
\"You gave me a forever within the numbered days.\" -John Green, TFIOS
I wanna be naked on shrooms in the forest and have a cabin to come down in
Cam my baby drop ? Thanks
I just pulled into dippin out of complete habit to get a coffee and I didn't even want one. They definitely put crack in their coffee...
Why does it smell like breakfast sausage in this house?
USA vs Ghana : 0ne gol for the first 30 seconds to USA ... Make more gols!!
Why does girl have more than 1000 pictures on their phone lol
You got better plans? Go ahead
When you get to Michelle's graduation before Michelle
I just want my mom to love me; is that too much to ask for ),:
but they like to pull us in for photo ops so they can look more progressive than they really are, then make drag queen jokes when they leave
This weekend was so amazing, . Another life changer
Just one more kiss goodbye leads to a hundred kisses to goodnight
I don't even know what to say
ALLEZ ALLEZ ALLEZ!!!!!!
Made it to San Jose #
AND THATS WHY I WAS WORRIED AS FUCK WHEN I THOUGH JERMAINE WAS INJURED!!!
The way how I'm happy! If my girl give away the pussy! I would just say \"baby I understand!\"
Que buenos fichajes esta haciendo El manchester united , puras promesas !
The birds are chirping in Harlem this morning.
saw last night w\/ epic but them damn hs teens in the theater would not stfu!
Alright cry cry baby
my so far all prep - we're going big, you best come see us at FIT tonite :)
Tell me why gorillas got better hairlines than
Laura Bell \"I'll take your Tony AND your man\" Bundy
\": I want someone to want me, all me. Every flaw, every virtue. I want to be his dream come true &amp; losing me, his nightmare.\"
Hot tub bonfire party at my house in 20 minutes, open invite
Who doesn't have school tomorrow ?
Lmao he threw that bitch out the window
I think you're freaky and I like you a lot.
Fuck being on some chill shit we go 0 to 100 nigga, real quick
Just drove by the garage Apple was started in
Get home..turn tv on..The Craft is just starting...fuck yes.
I love that and both took each other's last names.... Beautiful choice.
It's hard when is paired up w people dumber than her. Oh wait, that's everyone.
I wish I had someone to smoke with
egoyu tazeledik bi hafta sonra geliyoruz by ASENA
This white guy on the train looks like superman
Decisions decisions in case this is war then I load up on all ammunition ...
Tbh i'd rather not catch feelings right now
Let's make a cover band called \"a book\" Then, no one could judge us.
\"Is it bad if your front tooth is lose\" -shan weaver
Like really you ungrateful b*tch my mom does soooo much for you
It's an hour and a half until I'm 21 and I'm ready for bed
I'm extremely hungry after work but hate eating this late. Do you see my dilemma?
Tim Howard is my hero
\"You can go tonight but if you get throne in jail I'm not bailing you out\" - my dad
Clint Fucking Dempsey!!!! True Warrior!
I guess the new ramen place across the street plays all day\/night. Good thing I wore my T-shirt today for my first meal.
\"I just want to shake you until you die\"
I wish I could control my bad thinking habits
J J J!
Ronaldo the king of offsides
All my hard work is about to be demolished...
Saw a puppy, walked into a pole. Thanks, puppy.
Evidently too successful at going native here... not sleeping in the city that never sleeps.
Of all things to go wrong, my car alarm now randomly decides to go off whenever it feels like it
Lol I think I miss my mom . Idk .
Lebron to Celts along with melo, and love
Someone scoop me and go to Verne !!
The amount of anger I feel rn , let me just turn my phone off and sleep
Look here come a plane no its the badass Westside connect gang.
Spin kick ha whoopi Goldberg looking ass out!!
Catfish has got me fucked up right now. Who the fuck is Kidd Cole?
When does USA play the nazis!?
ryan beattys voice gives me life
There's a bunch of different views to every situation
Damnnnn I'm about to do antagonists maybe possibly.....this is too hard for JoJo
so many beautiful women in the city, what am I doing on long island
How long did it really take him? A little over 3 years.
WO what a goal
\"I'm gonna climb over that anger wall of yours one of these days and it's going to be glorious.\"
Praaaaaying that tomorrow will work out like I hope
Fuck that hurt
Problem where I don't know when payday is anymore
nash doesnt know how much hes done for me
I'm becoming more and more progressively antisocial
Tycho makes the chillest music for long car rides
Glad to see back &amp; up on his feet. You can't keep a strong black man down.
Can't have a spiritual connection with you unless you're okay with occasional or daily Taco Bell runs
Followers and Bees make great subjects.
But we the people of God SHARE in this conviction because WE LOVED NOT THE TRUTH!
I'm glad I'm the only girl in my siblings so I have to be the hot sister
Folks, come see us now til 9p Pleasant Hill (Treleny Road adjacent to the City Hall Lawn)! It's beautiful night!
Harris and Hobby Lobby tomorrow morning..oh the anticipation.
I just want it all !!
It's currently more humid in NYC than New Orleans, LA and Birmingham, AL.
Cause girl I can't be your man!
\"I'm sure once his tan fades my feelings will as well.\"
Yea I'm real emotional blame it on your mental jokes,, how much did you think that I could take ?
culito seco la chinita , but she was hella pretty lol
beautiful but I'm sure she hear it a lot
We finally got to fuckin and that shit was all the way insane
The shit show continues with
ever listen to a song and you're like dang i wanna take my clothes off and make out to this
and sipping a tall can. .
I did nothing wrong to you!
OMG the episode where papouli dies is on
I'm getting stressed from talking to too many people online this is a really weird feeling idk what to think or do
dinner in the city was on point. it was so good seeing my friend from australia again :')
might as well make me full time
On the plane, with no pilots on ground. Because that's logical after sitting in SFO for almost 10 hours
Just ran over an Island and my cars okay...
Its a baby shower not a bridal party
FUCK THE HEAT!! FUCK THE HEAT!! THE BIGGEST FAKEST BANDWAGON FANS OF ALL OF SPORTS!!
Watching the Sea World fireworks go off while sitting in a Jacuzzi with my new Swedish friends has really changed my perspective on life.
So if that means being single and focusing on myself &amp; my studies for a couple years then I honestly don't mind.
Science has confirmed that water does make the floor wet.
And I go you were the one that bought the shirt hahah
i love when sydney favorites my tweets but doesnt text me back for 4 days
I reak of Yuengling and Jameson.
USA's coach's celebration. Chills
I asked for butter with my baguette and they didn't give me any so I think it's time to quit
\"But you went away, how dare you, i miss you, they say ill be ok but im not going to ever get over you\"
why don't I have any cute red shirts
If you don't ig flex then you're using it for the wrong reasons
4 minutes left of Love Live
Qualche anima pia mi dice come sono andati i quarti di finale dei Campionati del Mondo? E soprattutto se Federer ha battuto Raonic!!!;-)
I TOTALLY CAUGHT MY DADS GFS SON SNEAKING OUT
you the baddest in the game right now
Making new friends up and down the West Coast. \nAlso, recording tonight!
Floridaaa is going to be awesomee
&amp; it sucks even more because we don't even have a conversation. .
Shit Altidore better be ok
.ppl have a negative view of unions b\/c they don't understand how built America's large middle class.
Come on, Costa Rica. make something exciting happen
Last chance for Los Altos, down 3-1 top 6, Townsend has 4-hitter going for SC Homestaed
\": Do you like whales? Bc we can go humpback at my place.\"
Why does it feel like I am slowly getting sick? Why can't Mother Nature make up her mind whether if she wants the weather to be hot or cold?
One day, just maybe one day all this will come around to bite you in the ass. Give you what you've been given others.
Why so many people wanna act so fucking dumb today?
Well that was a bit of an incestuous kiss now wasn't it?
Yo football at the beach was crazy !
Nothing to do in this town
I'm thinking of things I will need in the past, tell me what's the use in that???
Life is too short to not be straight forward
I love taking long walks at night listening to music it really frees your mind
If these guys behind me in the movies don't stfu I'll really get up and punch them idc
Officially signed a 3 month contract to FCC..lets get it!
how do I not have plans on Friday lol what else is newwwwww
Some people are slippen, hopefully a good friend will catch you. Others need to fall into an abyss and climb out alone to understand.
So I'm going back home, and my boyfriend is just sleeping. Lol it's okay I know he's tired
One thing I can't figure out is how you're the one I can't live without
Just woke up from a well needed nap..
I'm so dumb!
My mom just sent me a DM on twitter asking me where I am
\": \": his hair and mouth make me nauseous\" \"
Maybe my emotions are just such a mess that I'm over thinking it lol
Give me a 2day trial for xbox live rn.
A quiet walk thru the East Village at night; the hum AC units floods the senses. In tandem.
Sometimes what we want is not the best for us or what we would like is not what we deserve.
Fact of the Day\nAn estimated 150 million hot dogs will be consumed on July 4th.
i've been in bed for 2 days wtffffff
I'm pretty sure I peed like 7 times last night
Fuck yeah 30 seconds nigga
Jamming to good beatz in the car because I'm 2 hours for work.
I'm fucking made! \nCan I say Gatsby Effect anymore? Let's see.
Can't wait for Belgium to play
Im boutta sweat bae all night. IDC IDC IDC I wanna cuff
I remember when I used to get so upset as a child if my parents made me sit and do nothing. Now it's the best part of my day...
White girls' floors are where bobby pins go to die.
The Awesome talks with the legend Big Mike Jeannetti
How can you like salad but not like lettuce
The alien emoji is my favorite 4 a reason
\"Babe look at this baby bison\"
The days i had and didn't take advantage of.
Someone just asked me to give out potato chips at drake concert for $100 . Considering
Alright! Let's Go !
I wish I had for my brain so I could back &amp; find the name of that one song I heard for like a second in the lobby of that one place
Amo las frases de Guapas,pero es muy turbio el programa
go hard 88
Why is there so much Justin drama going on rn.
I miss my beautiful friend
Making a cd, need some songs to fill it out, open to any suggestions genre doesn't matter
Ever since I can remember I've been poppin' my collar.
party next door - west district
Ugh I gotta wait till 11 to watch Teen Wolf:( are you Kidding me!!!&gt;:(
I'm seriously always in the middle
won't sleep YE YE
Yall only know a part of me im a universe full of secrets
\"Alberta Oil Wives\"
It somehow found it's way ALL THE WAY under the tanning bed so now I have to go home with one sock thank u
Omg I need to stop making friends when I'm drunk. These people really think I'm gonna remember them.
I'm cold and I'm ashamed lying naked on the floor --- me in the gym locker room rn
Some guys main priority in life is just chasing girls and getting as many hook ups as they can and thats just pathetic
I had so much catching up to do but I finally did it. all of ur selfies r beautiful &amp; I now know you're obsessed w\/ teen wolf
I can't go to pride without something tie dye fuck
GOOOOOD BLESSSS AMERICA\n\nLAAAAND THAT I LOOOVE
I'm stuck in traffic. Blair Waldorf does not get stuck in traffic
But If you loved me\nWhy'd you leave me?\nTake my body\nTake my body
Petite allegro? More like petite allegNO
Usa usa usa!!!!!
Let write me this bitch a parking ticket
Glad I don't have to go to work until 4. And honestly I'm kind of excited to fuck with all the drunk people tonight too
I miss my friends and by friends I mean 3 people
\"Cristiano Ronaldo is just so handsome and perfect. He's one of the best looking athletes ever and should be a male model\" -ken
No matter the situation I'm gonna hold you down
... remember and I offer you a job! Come in for orientation Friday.\" Ajsjfidkfkekgjrkfk!!!
Thanks for all the support. This was very hard. # Masterchef
Rob van dam 16-8 great experience with ladders but how much energy he will have is vital to his health and endurance
like a diamond in the rough, the lighter to my dutch that was blunt but i can't lie you firing it upp
y'all know my nigga mustard on the beat\n\nhoe
I hate seeing my family upset
wait to talk to Tom Snyder because Tom went over time talking to some woman (forget who it was). Waylon just walked out and many peeps
I hate being placed I don't want to be
World Cup bringing out fake soccer fans like church goers on Christmas
Did my husband drake win ?
Sad sad sad Gilmore girls isn't on tv today :( what a boring break.
I'm gunna forget about the world
I get Guap now that bitch remember me!!
When you surrounded by choices see the the opportunity
One thing I've learned to hate about New York: the subway
!!!! OMG she is part of the red card.
But really though I want food
4th of July ? What's that ? PTO mothafucka lmao
Watching MAD MAX at Videology with . This movie is too Australian too function.
Damn now I get why females get pissed when the seat is left up I almost just fell in lmfao
Should I go to faiths house.
Seems like everybody so negative on twitter tonight, we all know summer is short so we got no time to not be having a good time
Wow Ronaldo.... You don't compare at all to MESSI. No excuses.
X-Men \": Dawn of the Apes is gonna be the best movie of the year. I claim it in the name of Jesus.\"
Hahahah he salty!!!
\"Mas embarazada que Yasmin embarazada\" JJJAJAJAJAJAJAJJA
Love that my birthday is in the summer so I can spend it at the shoreee
Ok so I'm about to call my boyfriend and let's see if I get an answer..
For all those haters out there suck my ass
Just made leave pink-berry because it wasn't self serve
I got a lot of enemies low key hating on me. Idk why tho. I'm a nerdy ass real nigga lmao
Did I just hear my neighbor yelling about sucking on his husband's butthole?!?! WHAT IN CHRIST NAME?!
Dude I got bacon in the fridge right now.
Chris Brown The Woman Beater - -
I finished my beer while still waiting in line for food. And I sipped conservatively! wtf yankees stadium
I want to be able travel wherever I want to live wherever I want.
FUCK RONALDO FUCK PORTUGAL FUCK EVERYONE USA BABY LETS FUCKING GO
Passed four cops in a two mile parameter on 84 from Bristol to southington so heads up y'all
dinner in the city was on point. it was so good seeing my friend my australia again :')
SFXIX WednesdayDivsionWk1Ln1-rookies George Washington Has Wooden Balls rolled by themselves and put up a 664.
I need some Jesse Rutherford in my life
If only the perfect guy exists~Augustus Waters
Support Bay Area local vendors! Come visit Treasure Island Flea Market this coming weekend. June 28 &amp; 29 10am-4pm.
Oh the horrors of what protein shakes do to me.
I think white guys are more inclined to hook up with black people these days it's cool though I'm down
This is gonna be the longest week of my life
Congrats on a single! See you on the in August...
My parents think I've been cvs shopping for over an hour now hahahaha okk
How in the hell are you still up?
I know too many visionaries who don't want it bad enough..
I am way too unemployed to be spending this much on bar drinks and snacks.
Someone come over, rub my belly, and watch teen wolf with me
We don't care what the people have to say
g wagons r sooo ugly
Imma start being a big ass bitch! I'm far to nice.
I just want to snug, watch a movie, and eat an endless amount of blueberries
We are led to those who help us most grow, and we help them in return.
Yes Howard. Big beard stopping that shot
\"My name is litterally Cassie Anti-social Jean Kunert.\" -
so so so so so so so so so so so so anxious
Don't feel like driving back to LA for work tomorrow
I want to be in Amsterdam more than anything.
Can someone tell me why the volume on 3 of my channels isn't working
We really have a quick and delicious meeting tomorrow morning wtf
Whenever I'm in a bad mood I just remind myself it's summer &amp; I'll automatically in a good mood
Yayo , all I know is YAYO !!!!
I need a haircut so i can feel like myself again
Typical Cena fan. Fat, 9 or 10 years old trying to sound like he's 17
people drive so slowwww omg move
ima go for a run tomorrow , explore milpitas lol
In Yao MS talk bout he now
My outfit are too weird sometimes
I would pay to see max b in jail.
Spent about 45 min laying in the sun today and turned into a lobster
Most emotional and terrible part of this show is losing Alli
And He's From Saint Peters Prep! Do it for NJ
when you're cuddling &amp; you just both don't wanna move
sisters that don't let you shower in their room bc they say they're sleeping but they're actually on twitter &lt;&lt;&lt;
So they must be loaded as fuck
white girls never complain when you ask for nudes
omg like USA like I've followed this team my whole life like soccer is awesome like go Ronaldo
It must be so hard to Gabriella Guzman.
I want to go home and eat pizza and watch freaks &amp; geeks
Be as as you like. Just don't be shocked when everyone's so unfashionably they can't talk to you.
\": Leave yo ass in the past like I drove pasttt\"
please don't take this personal, but you ain't shit
Really wanna see Makj in person, but not at a no id event
Univision won't let it go. They just wanna keep talking and talking about the damn game. I just wanna go home and play Titanfall.
You're in my 5 am thoughts
Done moving for the rest of my life. I'm so exhsusted.
Can I please just meet Derek Jeter. If I did I could die and I wouldn't care cause I met Derek Jeter.
Jesenia comes back tomorrow! Happy bc she keeps the class lively.
Once my phone reaches 80% I always put it back on the charger
I'm so sore from !!! BEST I've had in a long time, and that says a lot coming from a dancer!
My first car is about to be a fucking tank
Although I love soccer, I will admit 50% of the reason I watch the World Cup is for the eye candy
Ramirez is clearly having the better yr on a better team it would be a disgrace if Wright started he missed time and he still got Betta #
Some people are literally fucked up in the head and u can't change that
Couldn't be more proud of my alma mater for winning the . National champ and a top 20 school?! Try and beat that.
Ghana wake up man,
This isn't about you this is about me
A ice cold 40 does sound pretty good in this heat...
Really wanted lebron to get his 3peat but the spurs are just too great as a team
Finally out of work a BEBE SE a dicho lmaooooo
Why are we watching Rocky right now. I wanna go to sleep.
Dropped about 3 different nas quotes at my jig already
That cross LMAO
&gt;Nothing on twitter\n&gt;US scores\n&gt;20 new tweets instantly
Why is it called the Republican Party if it's never any fun?
They need a middle finger emoji like a.s.a.p
I don't know how we ended up on the Jersey Turnpike, but low and behold we are on it.
life would be much better once you're gone.
JONES! Whatta goal! Did you hear the ball against the net?
If I don't get into the military idk what I'm gonna do.
Just got the email game on for we'd girls you can do this
Fuck fireworks man last year my arm was so burnt
Domino's stay taking mad long, a nigga is hungry NOW
What a save!!!
Dempsey was too cool to use his legs
Ctfu u actually piss me off
I feel like absolute crap lmao
My brother thinks if he speaks really really slow that our cousins from Italy will understand him..they have no idea what you're saying dude
took me hella hours to edit
Shout out to our forefathers who gave me the freedom to sleep in today,
\": Nice! We must ask how\/what do you mix with your gin? \" prefers a Tanqueray Martini
I think it's time to stop conditioning when girls start coughing up blood and passing out but that's just a suggestion
I'm slowly becoming awkward and shy. Help
Praying this season is just as good as the last
WHO THE FUCK IS AT MY HOUSE AT THIS HOUR
Falling asleep to the sound of rain is so peaceful
Got a badass bitch bouncin on my dick
What part of I DONT LIKE YOU hasnt settled in your head oh my god you annoy the living out of me
Holy crap left wallet and Nano on plane not sure if feeling like dumbest person ever or inconvenience is worse?
Needed-Bass Player-reggae style, Bob Marley, Sublime influences-Westchester County NY-if interested, PM me 4 details Thnx
I hate not being able to go to artists that I love concerts.
I'm pretty sure my yoga instructor just faked a british accent the whole way thru
What do you think dogs dream about?
Man I'm tryna start sippin da fuck is goin on
You never truly \"fall out of love\" with some one unless you never truly loved them.
I guess I will have to just score with RVP on FIFA
Headed to the office for an Twitter Q&amp;A with and . cc:
Tia vine a Steinway al basurero, se ve bien, no quieren venir?
DYLAN GREENBLATT IS ABOUT TO PUT ONE IN THE NET IM CALLING IT NOW
That baby has the biggest head ever lmao
If not Cali I'm deff moving to Atlanta ! I'm over NY !
Imma be in bed all day till werque!
My grandma told me that Chinese legend is that when your ears ring someone is talking shit about you. My ears ring all the god damn time!
All the cool kids are eating ass nowadays
Brutal ugly crappy baseball by the sfgiants this weekend.
Union Square Cafe's closing is revealing. For NYC, restaurants need to budget 5% to 10% of gross yearly revenue to pay for rents.
Holy shit that smb2 run was od
Dempsey!!!! You beautiful Texan you!
I'm always forgettin about Instagram now.
those Argentinians are yelling so loud I love it
why did I ever teach you tagalog.
IM STILL HYPERVENTILATING
I hate how I can't sing in the shower because my shower is right next to the living room
Warming up for soccer, dude next to me blasting a whole lotta System of a Down
but You have called me higher\nYou have called me deeper
Why is tomorrow Monday
adriana really needs to stop playing this ass music
More pain than a human should have to handle. ...but like gramps always said suck it up buttercup
The term lowkey is so annoying people be using it for stuff you don't even gotta be secretive about
my love for spanish girls is too real
Holy shit usa is winning
Ella corre con migo cuebre mi falta y yo ando atra del dinero porque aki eso nunca falta bebe
The worst when you always fall asleep by midnight, but the day to you have to get up 5 AM your looking balls don't want to stay shut!
If you have a problem with me that's not my problem
sometimes I get overwhelmed by the good people in my life. you know who you are you rock don't ever change love eighth grade
Bc y r u an idiot
I judge girls by their eyeliner
Prom Queen, 1st team all conference, goalie in SJ, set school record for saves &amp; now over $41K in scholarships. Couldn't be prouder Lyss
You complain about deaths tainting the scene yet you make overdose jokes OK
While its the most people probably forgot it's Friday! How much better did that just make your day?
Why am I awake? I gotta be up at 5 -.-
Nobody haffi know - is the truest song uno, no one has to know what happens between us.
Wait, scratch that... Everyday with Andrew is amazingly indescribable.
Raymond came through with that b-
Exactly why I will always choose my friends over a boyfriend
Confused as to why a lady has her hair down on the elliptical
Come on Jozy we're all pulling for you
I've never been perfect but neither have you.
Ignorant | Mac Miller &amp; Cam'ron
Lebron is never going to live down this series loss
It's actually hilarious how people are still doing the cold wager challenge
Was in Lindsay for a few with the team
rt Guide Dog for Muslim woman
My cousin 14 talking to a 18 year old.
So is thee anyone not getting drunk tonight
&amp; I always ride slow when I'm straddling &amp; my shit so wet you gotta paddle in
Looking forward to our summer spot 3 more days
I would do absolutely anything right now to have Mike here with me.
i remember Dre use to sing that Bubble Butt song to me when it came on @ the Hookah bars lol.
Why am I involved in this fight from like 8 different guys
I need to find a show in October bc birthday month
Goalie didn't see that coming
DEMPSEY!!!!!! HOLY SHIIIIT
Tomorrow more soccer games yeah, yeah, I got to watch the ball game right now, be back maybe later.
Lets get into some heavy touchin &amp; Erotic fuckin
The FBI would suck without Will Graham.
What a great way to start out this game!
Jay-z hasn't been good since American Gangster... That's the absolute truth... We accept him and his projects since then out of nostalgia
go get your own friends holy shit
I think all the mercury's getting to my brain
having an anxiety attack. cabin mate is going through alarm clocks. each ring tone is horrible.
but its like what do i do now
I want my back dimples pierced in the worst way
Put my mind on my money and my money on my mind
I PEED MYSELF IM SO SCARED PLUS ITS 2AM AND IM IN A BASEMENT OF A HOSTEL
I'm so thankful for someone I've never gotten the chance to meet
These niggas wanna be like me ! Call that papi need that kilo !!!
Oh, baby, take me, take me before they turn the lights out, before our time has run out baby, love me lights out
my life has zero purpose right now
how DARE you not look at my ass when I bend over ...
Ever felt weird trying to reach out to someone? Hmm
IDC how much I was in love w\/ someone. If they ain't shit I ain't lookin back. Not even future wise. You just don't exist no more
If you let boys be mean to you then don't
You got to play dirty if you want to win
I am flipping out watching Polaroid Stories. I just cannot watch myself act. And its a fucked up play in the first place.
JB Smoove is crazy!
That's just me on my solo like fuck it, like YOLO.
How much did this announcer hate the fact that Sonny Gray is texting during the game.
While in Barnes &amp; Nobel I wished ATLA: The Search. The question that has been haunting me has been answered &amp;now I need a new life goal
Anyone who is interested in trying out for mhs must try out within this week or next. If you don't, no spot will be there for you.
Today's : breakfast, lunch, beer, beer. (Coffee was solo).
That's a hammy!
SNAPCHAT ME ENTERTAINING THINGS\n\nTHE AIRPORT IS 10\/10 BORING
What, already? A goal 30 seconds in the game!
wait, did demi shave her hair off?!
beating up on The Miami Heat so bad with these memes &amp; tweets niggas need to holla WORLD STAR!!!!!! WORLD STAR!!!!
Like a record store would be cool.
NEVER WANTED TO FEEL I JUST WANTED TO FORGET
This young thug purple album aight tho
\"Try the maple water! It's exemplary!\"
1234- how many niggers are in my store?
Why am I wierd? Cause I'd rather be happy and be me instead of being some fake bitch and worrying about others' opinions.
It's decided, New York is amazing!
Happy 4th of July to everyone!!
He literally just watched it go past him into the goal
Pretending we don't use birth control. Like when we were 15 and pretended to go to church...
what a fun trip filled with fun people, the city was fun, but I can't wait to get back to my little town.
Idk why d has to be such a skank
The city kinda sucks dick, but dammit I love seeing concerts.
Wise words of mark genoa \"raise hell tn ran, keep the last name legendary\"
I literally could not tell you where we are at right now in the city.
WHATS THE POINT OF TAKING A PICTURE IF THE ONLY THING YOU CAN SEE IS YOUR CHIN
I really do despise the ferry
If I liked haunting ground and the first resident evils and TLOU does they make me a bad fan
Running in the heat has got to be the best worst feeling !
my current playlist is composed of a mixture of Taylor swift and edm. it's strangely awesome.
does anyone else awkwardly smile at their phone when someone texts them something cute?
How is that not a red card. Bullshit.
Don't try to be different cause you wanna get noticed, shit is stupid
My ex beau checks my twitter
Manu with the facial!
Lol this hermit thing is funny but going overboard now ... Like chill
There are times I wish I was less cynical. Then, there are times when it's advantageous. Regardless...I always have hope.
When someone stares at u the bus and just won't look away makes me feel so uncomfortable
now i have to go to work soon .. this is suchhh a bad day
I'm done letting you walk all over me
got different paints and glitter all over me
.\"not the body as a chunk of space or a bundle of functions but that body which is an intertwining of vision and movement.\" ~MP
Jk no funds i really should start slanging again cus college make a nigga broke
Someone tell Brendin to lower his voice. I don't want to know his shit.
Echosmith just makes me a happier person tbh
Love that my boyfriend lives 1 block down from me. Hate that I get to barely see him
\": I look like a toe\" same
Pretty sure this is the earliest I've gotten off of work but definitely not complaining
Prostitutes are way more subtle around here.
My tea is cold. I hate it when my tea is cold. Fucking cold tea...
What a ball, let's get this 90th minute equalizer too
Transformers 4 is a headache inducing, chaotic, fucking mess. No one see this movie
had a casual 30 second conversation with Nico. nbd
How do these people stay so pasty during the summer i'll never know
High kick or no.....
Today's ruling is important because in America we have freedom OF religion not FROM it. We should respect all views whether we agree or not.
I was thinking about her, thinking about me, thinking bout us, what we gon be.
Respect to all the people who were Spurs fans before the finals if not eat a dick
The little girls face in my avi makes me happy
What a game
\"You were really stern! For 6 minutes\"
teen wolf by far the best part of my night
I'm watching soccer on the right side, and football on the left side
I wonder why I moved out why I moved out when I was 18 &amp; then moved 1300 miles away but I live with my mom for a month &amp; it's pretty clear
Who needs the gym after The dancing I just did! Can't tell me I wasn't at Full Gospel!
I want to be happy . Is that to much to ask . Let me have my independence back .
I could literally lay like this forever. Whys my boyfriend so comfy
I want to do a creative photoshoot asap
The Green Mile is an intense film
Madly in love... I wish I could bottle it and sell it. I realize there's a lot of lonely miserable people in need. My heart hurts for you.
spotted: over 10 squishables on this floor. I think I'm gonna like working here.
I just need a fucking bed god dammit
Wrap dresses and wind are not a great combo
I don't give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding
Scouts gets it right today!
I say the right things I act the wrong way
Found my passport today..gonna be using that shit real soon
debating if I want to go on instagram or not bc of all of the 4th of July posts I'm probably gonna see
Omg that's not offside
\": GAME OVER\" no where close
Work out all week to lose all gainz in one night lmao
I guess in the end you start thinking about the beginning. -
Fuck.. I need to marry into a rich family.
tiffany obviously measured my poop if its exactly 13 inches like ew
-\"Can we kill each other?!\"\n-\"I don know. Let's try\"\n ......\n-\"yup\" \n
Fucked Me.... Can't Speak Upon The Rest of Ya'll Sluts ....
Big shouts to my little brotha graduating highschool right now!! Love you!!
My friend hasnt got his visa approved... Now All my plans are drowned! -_-\n
So now the D train got unlimited underground service...okay
Someone come over and go swimming with me
San Antonio spurs school of acting
GOODBYE COACH OF GREECE. there is nothing to explain.
Fuck around with them fuck arounds and you'll fuck around and get aids.
I like vacation because it means sushi multiple times a week
To go see fiym Saturday or the birthday bash hmmmmm
We're only lost children, \ntrying to find a friend, \ntrying to find our way back home.\n
Dez top 5 receivers in the league. Debate big mamma.
wait im still not sure weather that conversation was to make me feel good or like shit
\"Fav si digo quien me gusta\" !
\"You see? Paul Walker should've walked. You can Tweet that one.\" -
\": her pussy like me\nher heart like fuck it\"
This 13 year old came I my work talking about how good they were at FIFA, so I challenged them to FIFA 14 at Microsoft.
Leather jacket this late in June? Summer in SF has begun!
WHY IS EVERYONE THAT I WANT TO SEE IN VEGAS WHEN IM NOT THATS SO NOT COOL
My nails are wet and I wanna change into pajama pants. Fuck
[Neuer slide-tackles the concept of national anthems]
If u like cats then i hate u and we cant be friends bish.
Me and my friend played Heads or Tails and we both lost lol
My excuse this year will be \" well im not section leader so idgaf\"
Lml this dude going in on chris rock
Just found the dopest smoking sketch spot ever I'm amazed omg
Maybe that's why most people beat their car up
Heat beer to show up and I think they will
My dad was like \"you racked out lil tom?\"
But then people always wanna be dumb, \"awww are you tired?\" Noo it's 107 outside and make up is like $30 a compact. Gtfoh
I'm being guilt tripped to going to church tonight. Aaaagggghhhhh
ion like beans bitch i like bread.
is hunter Moore still in jail
I get off the train, go into barber shop to see score, it was 1-0
Beasly your fucking side AGAIN!
My goal in life: to be verified by twitter
\": Let's makeout and watch Netflix.\":D
So here's the stitch.\nI was chillen at the Mavericks (baseball) game with my friend Brittany...
My brother's neighbor is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad ! And she fucks w\/ black guys! The lord has saved me for tonight
JACOB DO YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU DO TO ME WHEN YOU POST STUFF LIKE THAT
Tim McGraw is pretty damn sexy for his age.
Happy 4th of July people love you all
vs. tomorrow at 12PM and then vs. at 4PM! Then on Tuesday is back!
take me to the king lol she's so big
baby bones \/\/ Laura Stevenson and the Cans
moment things get tough , people give up
No really though. I could be like baby on dirty dancing and have Patrick Swayze as a dance partner
I luv a man in sweats n basketball shorts but I'd punch my nigga in the face if he's chilling in those n gets excited........
Probably going to favorite a lot of tweets on accident because I'm trying to squish the nats attacking my screen. Sorry bugs and tweeters.
A car ride filled with discussions of colonoscopies and hemorrhoids. Just another road trip with my mother and aunt
Miserable thoughts going trough my head I can't take it.
Man I love my mex bitch , cause I be thuggin with my mex bitch
I never thought I'd miss playing basketball with my team as much as I do
don't fucking call everyone in the family after we fight and make me seem like the bad guy. you're a fucking cunt and I hate you
My girl got a girl friend? \n
My dog needs to stfu
\"Leo definitely likes Gab the best.... I think he sees her hair and thinks she's his mom\"
Drone ideas for the home: automated pooper scooper
Excited for and to see the new champ .....\n\n
So who's getting sushi with me tonight for happy hour ha
I'm gunna cut Bruce's pony tail off
Told these hoes I'll be back round june
People swear they're getting pussy just cause it's prom night...
What is \"the book of negros\" I don't understand
The Facebook campus is out of this world! Wood workshop has to be the highlight.
Why give a bitch your heart when she'd rather have a purse, why give a bitch an inch when she'd rather have 9!
I only have girl numbers in my phone. delete every other number
Had no idea played on team usa
I should consider VPN'ing my whole house connection
I'm stoked Dansby Swanson won most outstanding player.. dude has great flow
Who would name their town LoveLock?
My goodness, how many more prohealth urgent care ctrs are opening? They're Like 7-11's. Is a hospital coming down the pike?
The most expensive things this place is selling is $5...
i am disappointed in billy because he rarely speaks in our group chat
Zach aka the douche that doesn't text back ever
I WISH I WAS ON ANTHONYS LEVEL TONGHT
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
I'm too much of a low life to take summer classes
That goal looked like something out of my highlight reel
about to drive to the shore. I need to get away
Greece played well but didn't make it\nBut that ain't none of my buisness,\nI'm Cypriot
He has a Fuckin Dragon!!!
My mom is tight that my brother has an Ecuador shirt and I want a Colombia shirt.
muchos libros, muchas novelas, pero tan poca vida.
Hehe I love when Gracie gets drunk and calls me
Alan is the greatest rachitic parasite I have ever seen in my life
Time to cramp for finals
Hey uh ya you, the girl who fucked over my sister, ya I'm after you
Snapchat and Tweeting actually I'm not really snap chatting
One thing I will always be grateful for is that my parents took the time to teach me how to cook
Its only right that I follow my nxgga &gt;&gt;&gt; lml
IT IS 3 O CLOCK IN THE MORNING.
Im gonna skydyve again, anybody wanna do it with me
Poor lil rich -
Senior prom was 2 years ago ... Wow
Today is the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln signing the Grant giving us our first national park.
I kind of love the craziness of website when switching hosts as DNS gets redirected. Site is headed to squarespace c\/o
No such thing as a happy ending
\": The band wagon is so real.\" The world cup spirit is so real
UR FACE HAS 3HOLES SO U SHOULD LISTEN TWICE AS MUCH AS U TALK
OMG MANU. LEGEND
GOOD NIGHT LOVES I LOVE YOU SO MUCH TYSM FOR TALKING TO ME ON BREAKR
Wtf my twitter was acting stupid last night
Miami gave up tbh
I'm a little confused here. How can the USA be playing Portland?
Journalism is not a crime Pls RT
Two beers and I'm already tweeting things I shouldn't.
Sliding threw the EAST
If you love someone you never let go, never.
And tittie friendly tops show just enough Cleve to keeping guessing
I cannot wait until San Jose tomorrow. The anticipation is killing me.
The best thing to do is to accept the fact that nothing is permanent. Never get attached.
Hey Emil says that taxidermy will be the mullet of furniture.
I do soo much for people and you can't even remember my birthday thanks a lot
I don't know why but it kind of feels weird cheering for on 4th of July
I sure feel a whole lot better today. One day down. One to go...
Lovin my new hood, Happy Fourth Everyone!!
France vs Germany predictions ?
Someone has already made the \"AHS: Coven\"\/\"American Movie\" coven joke right? Cuz 6 mos later it just hit me
Listening to Gareth Emery's set from EDC on XM rn. Wow shits pretty wild
Remember two weeks ago when all these tools said that athletes couldn't play with cramps in defense of LeBron? Yea. You're all idiots
Too many people are trying to find the right person instead of being the right person.
pablo called us attention seeking sluts bc he thinks we set a house on fire ty bae
Don't push me away just tell me straight up, we're too grown for little kid shit
Love is the water in which peace grows and delivers kindness yours truly willow~
Swagger should be replaced with ...
sometimes I think there's more to life than this city
Wala na ako maintindihan sa GGV. Laging censored. Haha
When u have full service and still nothing works and ur phone does in 20 minutes. This is the Stone Age
Girl walking around manhattan without a shirt on
Even tho we both did it it's the fact that she wouldn't turn it down
Just now got a shit load of notifications on my phone
Zendaya is always well dressed.. Wtf is she wearing today?
Summerstage was lit tonight !!! Schoolboy Q ASAP Rocky ASAP Ferg and the rest of the Mob and Flatbush Zombies
If I fall for youu I'll never recover, if I fall for you I'll never be the sameee
Cant wait to have my latte
For every day, I miss you. \nFor every hour, I need you. \nFor every minute, I feel you. \nFor every second, I want you. \n\nForever, I love you.
I look busted in all these pics bc I crying the whole time I was kicked out but idgaf really I had a blaaaast
YAAAASSS USA KEEP IT UP
I've been so active lately that my body can't handle it omfg
Was solayman khan hit, because if his eyes?
There's a water break?... Since when lmao
I wanna get an tank top
Deep in your ocean my dick is Poseidon
that pass was delicious
I don't think I'd be conscious if I ever seen Tyler H. IRL
Kk need to get back to the gym tomorrow
So I was totally into the new episode of catfish &amp; they changed the channel.... k.
I was seriously terrible with sunflower seeds pregnant I'm eating them now and jessy asks me if I'm pregnant
This scene in Teen Wolf is so bad
everytime I post something about Haitians people come through tagging all of Haiti on my post, movee
Everyone who works in SF should stay home to watch USA in the World Cup tomorrow - to make MY morning commute easier. Thanks!
She unfollowed me and i aint even kno it lol
The lion sleeps tonight
But goodbye Bronx it was fun .
10 days til Im back in State College for arts fest. Couldn't be more pumped to get back in the valley
I give this show 2 more years and it's a wrap .
The Healer x
I need someone to take my ass to six flags with
What a goal JJJ!
Canelo v Lara is gonna be on one. Should be one of the best fights of the year.
My Uber driver is a psychic: \"Would you like more volume?\"\n\nMe: \"Yes, how did you know I was about to ask that? is the shit.\"
I don't even know how I'm gonna be able to read a 4 pages speech
Wonder how much you've told her haha you've got your secrets and I've got mine maybe it should have stayed that way..
I absolutely love taking care of people &amp; spoiling them
I just saw that the devils would have over $14 mill in cap space if they buy out Volchenkov why the hell is he still on the roster?
If I can give you a program with 30 minute workouts and color coded food containers would you do it?
You know you really love someone when you can't hate them for breaking your heart.
I love starting out my mornings playing Xbox
THEY SCORED FINALLY
Tbh Soccer players are such pussies
No one would listen to me when I said mike miller carried that team smh smh
I think Valve has hit the point of complexity with their Steam sale games where I can no longer be bothered to figure out how to do them.
food* but good is cool too
You spit all this in the streets, but what about the BOOTH?
If only I was as much of a player in high school as I am when I'm drunk.
Never in my life have I been so disgusted.
There is a French bar right next door to a German bar here on Ave C and the historic implications are in full force for the next 90 minutes.
I am going to dread going back to work so much
She low key pulled a Kanye
I am an enormous monster i need to need stopped ugh
Sometimes finding the answer is easy as taking a break and stepping back from the situation.
Good luck we love you!
A lot of guys don't know chivalry \nAnd a lot of girls don't understand it.
I should start cleaning my room
Where is when you need him
The Univ trying to tell me something. I &amp; ty\": People who are meant to be together will always find their way back.\"
downtown is seriously ready for pride
Please being a cowboy hat on this tour. Very urgent. Please RT.
Anyone selling Penny Vs for joog
There's never a bucket of fried chicken around when you need it - Jason Kapler
I'll probably order dominos tomorrow before work
Spurs deserve it. Unreal team basketball.. Love my miami heat to the end. until next year!
You have to compromise to make your partner happy
When the new girl at work tells you shes offended you haven't hit on her and the older guys do
i can tell when doesn't bring home a girl bc he texts me irrelevant work crap at 11pm. take ya drunk ass to bed, friend.
Huzzah my computer is Teh activateds
Why did all my old tweets just post tf?
You know what to do with that big fat butt, wiggle wiggle wiggle
Here at Global Gym, we're better than you. And we know it!\nthis movie never gets old
I'm Karla's bae tf is she saying
Cases on cases on cases
\": If I seen my nigga flirt on the net nigga I'm on your mf head.\" RMFT!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT I PASSED MATH 75 ON THE FUCKING FINAL LETS GO FUCK YOU MR.MILANES. FUCK YOU MS.ZACK.
Gooooooooooooaaaaaallllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!! \nJermaine Jones!!!!!!!
Imma slut she's a slut we are all sluts
You can't celebrate July 4th if you ain't got your citizenship
SVU marathon ..good luck getting me off the couch
I have so much stuff to do its crazyyyy!!!!!
33 SECONDS INTO THE FUCKING GAME AND GOL!!!!????? USA-1
Prob gunna or 's bday present and 's preorder for the new album in a couple days
Friends vs. Family :\n-One you're given, the other you choose.\n-One you can become more valuable than the other\n-You will always be \"framily\"
im tryna go to jstackz party tonight..
\": Have you heard?! I have a record coming out THIS YEAR!\"yay so can't wait
Me and my dad had the realest talk about music and where electronic music is taking it
WE DID IT
Omg I am dying to see the new purge movie
Truth be told I wouldn't even know what to say
Just kidding I don't have a bae.
\"Dain Bramaged\" typical Tom Roche shirt
How the fuck did I end up in Menifee?
It generally makes my phone feel less cluttery.
TEDDY ROOSEVELT MAKES AN APPEARANCE
Did the @ sign exist before the internet?
\"How many boys did you text today?\"
When people become everything they claimed they'd never be &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
First you have to learn the rules of the game and play it better then anyone else.
I'm going to go out on a limb here but I believe I look my best completely naked.
Color my life with the chaos of trouble
Prospect Dunkin is lucky they had Carmel swirl this morning
No words for this right now
I'll be the rain in your desert skies, the fire in your darkest nights
What am I even saying rn
And at the end of the day, it just . cc:
I was gonna retweets that, then I saw who tweeted it. Nah B.
BOOM! HR against the . . Only included Jeff, cause he's a bandwagon fan!
well that's an embarrassing amount of subtweets towards someone who gives zero fucks about you
On monday me &amp; start helping for the homeless :)
Noooooo! Hope Jozy is ok!
In the real world no one cares about what you were like in high school
Now can ya mind picture a Thug picture a thug nigga hard liquor this Ghetto life has got me catching up too God Quicker
Edited my blog layout! I really like it now. :)
half venezuelan\n\nbut a nigga too
Today was tight. So awesome to see so many friends and all their success that has led to warped.
Fuck my phone charger is in the other room. After this 20% I'm gone
Let mom play w\/ my tinder. Needless to say the one guy chose was a hot guy w\/ pictures of his fam &amp; a bible quote in his description
Same ol shit it just comes from ah different person.
Seven Nation Army in the !!!
Still not sure about carnage tonight
Today just put me in a fuck everyone mood honestly.
I don't trust one soul on this earth bc no one confronted me about my eyebrows in 2010
Hate to be a grinch but can pride be over yet can I have my city back
Being able to resist the delicious smell of Chik-Fil-A a block from my apt has prepped me for being able to boycott Hobby Lobby &amp; their ilk
Everyday, at a random moment, I realize how lucky I am and sometimes it makes me a little bit scared.
Fans of follow for a follow let's connect !
Twenty ways to see the world
To actually stay home tonight or go out...
Beet apple carrot lemon ginger juice, ugh it's heaven
Omg...omg I almost had a heart attack!!! FREE! Iwatobi swim cluv is baaaaaccccckkkkk!!!!! Season 2!!!!!! Omg so happy!!!!!
Argentina for the win!!!
Credit where it's due- has had quite the 2-game stretch, and the second game is in the first inning.
My favorite moment at a bar was wrapping my arm around a girl and asking what year of high school she was in. She was a junior. I felt old.
HAHAHAHHAA they still suck
(disclaimer: the latter bit is probably actually untrue)
where's nicki minaj, Rihanna and beyonce
I need dannie riel or Ashley vee boobs. Lol
DOES ANYONE KNOW ANYBODY WHO IS SELLING FIREWORKS???!!!!!
I've studied anatomy for 15 hrs today.. Not healthy
Timing is truly everything, if I was in the picture at a different time it wouldve been different. I'll stay around, I still believe in us.
Have to wake up at 8am tmmr just to pick up my report card -_- &amp; my school is too cheap to mail it to us.. so fucking annoying
Making the market delivery me and egg sandwich...this is a new high of laziness
All in all the Brad Paisley concert was awsome
The fest is over and it was mostly good. This was the first of its kind this year. I'd come back again.
By Gawd the ayatollah of rock n rolla is back that reeks of awesomeness
Cows are originally from Scandinavian. .
Sorry if I disgusted and\/or offended anybody yesterday
I've waiting 4 hours to talk to you and now you don't wanna talk... What do I do?
I always wanted to try lobster
Ignorant cunt then you wonder why I don't tell you shit. It's cuz I can't.
Lmao my life is a joke.
It'll be like on to catch a predator when Chris Hansen reads the chat manuscripts to the old molesters
Salute tour Little Mix
Life is a game of Psychological Warfare. Once you learn how to operate it; you've won.
Am I Wasting My Time Trying To Make You Mine.
Not missing that shit at all fuck that nuh uh
\"I'm intoxicated with thoughts of you\" wow
Ochoa is so great it's scary
I think I'm having pork belly withdrawals after my trip. Man, that city loves their pig.
All aboard 810 am train to Philly from NYC! offers are pouring in for Panthers top pick
Sports. USA\/Ghana. Soccer. Sports. Brazil. Elsa\/Anna.
Miley Is Way Much Better Than Selena, ure Fuckin kiddin me
Night before vacation and everyone's fighting yay I really wanna go now!
You know what hurts ? When some one looks you right in the eye and says I love you when they really love you for the wrong reasons.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO !!!!
I need to clean my room, but I really just am exhausted
Way to piss me the fuck off.
Who else is excited about a new album?
AND COSTA RICA WINS IT! With 10 men! What a game!!
brenna didnt fucking know prostitution was illegal
Spurs' crowd making it look like the temperature at AT&amp;T center is around 90 degrees again...and this time the AC is working
I either need my license or someone to drive me around 24\/7
If i don't have your number its ganna be very difficult for me to invite u to my grad party Lol
Happy Fathers Day!
The only time goodbye is painful is when you know you will never say hello again.
Chris Brown and Rihanna - relationship goals
Yo wtf is good with ya ?
weird that both of 's prom dates use \"whyhello\" in the beginning of their twitter handle...hmm...
NIck Cannon is wearing an afro and an afro pick?
Can't talk about game I'm playing because embargo or because I don't want to ruin review. The life of a games writer ain't easy. lol
roo is the only one I will ever legitimately call bae
she need to get the fuck out her feelings bruh
The worst part of my day is when I go home. What's the point of going home if you have nothing to come home too?
Good news for , group winners are all going to the Quarter-Finals so far.
Ants. They're everywhere. There are probably ants on you right now. Cripes life is awful. \n\nFreaking ants.
71 degrees outside. Fan on and windows wide open all night. 84 degrees in my room.
My mom wants an iPhone because she doesn't want to feel alone I'm the house
Multitasking btwn catching up on &amp; live tweeting my brain is fried but I love it lol!
I am Alice I'm in wonderland
hate people who just watch the World Cup and not even the qualifications or follow leagues ..
I can't believe this awful hair cut didn't come with a gratis paper bag. Dying.
I still feel like im going back to central next year......why is that???
Working out at the gym was more fun when I had someone to text between sets
She loves internet cats, but does she love real cats?!
I'm sooooo happy for and !!!!!! You guys are sooooo beautiful.
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO OPEN UP TO COMPLETE STRANGERS
Orange is the new black is seriously just amazing
Discussing (in Spanish) with Mes-cain . Smokey, cocoa, spicy, desert plants. Good stuff.
My mom does a really good job at making me feel like shit
q asco lo q hablamos con gui JAJAJJAJAJAJJAJ
My train (2170) is delay, but amtrak's twitter seems so nice that I could not get angry. Thanks for being real
I just met shawty tn and we fuckin
Yesterday I was photographed for an editorial on for - lookout in October!
i wouldn't even want to be around me when take care comes on.
Soo what happens if the umpire gets injured and can't stay in the game?
So.... When is nap time? I just can't handle Mondays-Fridays 9-5
I hella want to go to Yankee Stadium one day
My favorite line to use in a conversation is \"I go to boulder\"
look at Shad w\/his sexy ass (aka..bow wow )
Was hoping this summer would be as great as last summer
Really hate myself right about now for taking that 4 hour nap today
.I'm very impressed that you have twitter now, mom!
If your perspective doesn't change, the world itself doesn't change.
The amount is selfies Aaron carter posts in one day.. Just wow
I hear someone walkin around outside the bathroom man my family goes to bed at 9pm I'm not down to open the door
I just want to die right now.
Started playing clash of clans and it's taking over my life. Isaac will be proud
Who said white man can't jump?
I don't even like sports but fuck yeah America
gave myself a charlie horse because typo
I think South Beach Tow might be the funniest show in the universe
I literally forgot that today is the 23rd. Ed's album came out TODAY! I'm so proud of you. I can't believe I forgot.
Shawty I was born slick, short temper long dick
\"I really like you. A lot. I know sometimes I mess up and do things that make it seem like I don't care but trust me, you're my world.\"
Annoying when people read your messages and don't reply
That blonde chick from teen wolf is beautiful
People try way too hard to get followers and I just want to know why. Someone tell me why!!!
If you let them make you, they'll make you paper mache at a distance you're strong, until the wind comes, then you crumble and blow away.
Is a pistachio the classy sunflower seed?
i be answering the phone with attitude if you interrupt one of my songs-______-
I should have brought a broom.
maybe if jacob liked me he would dm me right now
The greatest thing you can give is it all.
Thanks to my timeline is full of bears....
Kain just said he's sprung lmao boy calm down!!
Lock self out of apartment... Check\nCrack phone screen... Check\n\nToday's been fab
I think like a ball player, so I've already forgotten about this loss!!
cada sombra da tua voz e cada silencio cada gesto que tu facas meu amor sei te decor
some people are just too sketch
Acid on her face that's a work of art
\"I love to pick my nose\" aunt grace
Not pulling out if I look into those eyes
Cool Bank !!!!!!
Made a new kik hmu Kik: TheHypeKing
I love those rare friends that you don't have to talk to everyday to be close
Rep My City Wherever I Go
No car til Tuesday, someone come pick me up
Even if I always end up crying, you can't blame a girl for trying.
Did he just score with his dick?
Need this lady too call me back
This book is going to ruin my life.
Dodgeball is one of the best movies I've ever seen
What people think of me HAHAHAHAHA \": Nope you're just naturally an annoying person\"
Before being a fan tomorrow, everyone's gotta be a fan against
Do I have to go back to plattsburgh?
Getting ready for that 5am workout
I just applied for a second job so.
i really eat cereal anytime of the day
I'm soo happy with where I am right now and the constant lame people trying to bring me down is just like come on
I learned that every thing happens for a reason
gotta remember that i can act the way i want to act
Apparently today is Social Media Day. Here's to the time I started using Neopets in elementary; that set me on a path going straight to hell
do I have a sign on my forehead that reads \"fuck with my emotions\" bc fuck
I'm almost positive I just added you on snapchat...... I think.. if not someone random got a request and now this is awkward
I said I was done and I am. Time to watch Netflix.
I grew up taking pucks to the gut and throat. Just saying.
I should have taken off work today bc I can't move my legs
On a road trip with mama listening to indie rock. Nothing is better then a chill mother.
All I want to do is watch really funny vines\/videos of ppl getting hurt, but ive already seen it all :( so uhhhhh what now?
What is with all these twists bruh...
Finally finished packing. Had to make sure all my outfits were nice.
Drinking a cold one tonight for Mexico.
I wish I could start work earlier but nope oh well at least I get to watch the soccer games !!!
Honest, some of you girls I could just look at you forever. Can't say who tho...
I say things I don't mean when I'm angry. I can be a bit of a baby. I'm incredibly sensitive. I want things my way.
FUCK COSTA RICA AND THEIR UGLY ASS SOCCER PLAYERS B
No Jermaine is your gonna do it actually tweet and be cool k
Homeless population densities in San Francisco are inversely proportional to elevation levels. Mesa, AZ knows what's up.
I hate when I say \" I dnt like coconut \" and they be like omg what kind of islander are you BIIITTTTTCCH ! MY TASTEBUDS AIN'T Frm the island
Nick and Cj are sitting in nicks backyard drinking and having a mini party and I'm just sitting in nicks house laying down
The McDonald's app, is honestly the greatest thing ever made
Dawn Delvecchio was murdered at 13 Stony Brook Drive in East Haddam. Found dead 7-26-05. Help State Police solve this murder. # coldcase
I seem to have taken up a really bad habit of leaving my lights on in my car.
Lil Wayne conjoined his dreads so now they look like doo doo dreads
No ones playing degree anymore
For someone my size i have a pretty cut chest
Thank you to for making my 19th birthday the best!
First time in a sheriff's car with Tofu...
You may not be perfect but in my eyes you are. I love talking to you. You know everything there is about me. You manage to keep me smiling.
I knew 2 relationships that were actually real and gave me hope.. And both ended fucked up!!!
JOHNSON GOES BOOM, 2 RUN SHOT. 3-0 BOMBERS.
No offense you really are pissing me off with you limit on shipping songs
Walked home in the rain because i had to park far from my house.
I bet a bag make her happy like she was pharrell
Nadie la toca la tengo en custodia!
Hahhaha that's what I'm talking about USA
I'm calling from the diner, the diner on the corner. i ordered two coffees, and one is for you. . .
The fact that played the song Sexy Back just to cheer me up lol
Work is going to be so busy today
Doctor told me My Summer was Over... I Think Not!! My Nighas 21 Let's Party
One of those vine people need to make a video of the Mexico coach going crazy with that crack kids voice in the background
Damn making it rain in the Steam gift department.
Lebron is still the greatest and most incredible human being and basketball player to ever play the game
Taker a chiller approach each day. Worry less, live more.
These hoes don't know no rock from no diamond
I ment to say legs and arms his bodywas coming along lol *****
So fun so fun
yayyyy another ice cream truck is coming :)))
If you bouta get BUTT HURT off ah damn TBH then DONT LIKE MY SHT
19. What is your definition of love?
And I will stumble and fall I'm still learning to love just starting to crawl
\"May Allah bless our mothers with a beautiful life here and hereafter. Ameen\"
I'm addicted to sports and competitive events. I watched professional darts last night and I'm excited for the hot dog eating contest.
enjoy the rest of the day and tomorrow day off have a good flight to regroup we got this
ekmek almaya gidiorm kankmlr gud bayy
\"Beautiful ladies would you like bread?\"
KSJC 240753Z AUTO 31003KT 10SM CLR 15\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T01500089 402560117
The studio life is real doe
I really wish I could delete people out of my life tho
Some people reallly dont know how to dance lol
Idk why Stastny wouldn't want to stay in Colorado.
2days Luv how Nathan is protective of Maxie..its her time n he's a perfect match! 'bout that Det West..yum-my!
If it was reverse and it was female, I'm picking bad and crazy, ain't nothing better than bad and crazy chick
Esas ganas y esa necesidad d buscarla. Pero q gana uno con buscar a algien q siepre ulle d ti
Guess I'm not sleeping tonight again :c
i want to watch Zoey 101
Deuce owns your soul!
this is what i get for taking a shit at 6pm. way to score without me, USA.
I have so many bug bites it incredible...
That injury to As catcher was painful to watch,
How come we did not hear about the plane ride on the news about the Kardashians
weird how being a photographer and hipster are like the new cool things to be
Space Jam's theme song is my shit
I WONT EVER TRUST IN THIS FUCKIN AWARDS, FUCKING SHIT
Heading to my morning work out at the gym.
can't wait to get my drunk on lataaaaa
In a year full of fuckery, I'd like to thank the Spurs for destroying the Heat. It has brought me so much joy.
Honestly the only chem I don't know is organic chemistry I think I got this
Just seen the freshest female rapper on YouTube
Una Novia Que Te Llame Cada Segundo Esoo Es Amor *.*
SO, with MY relig belief in reincarn'n\/moral opposition2 overpop, MY family biz can FIRE employees who DONT termin8 a pregn'C!
I judge people by their actions, not by what they say. If you doing gay shit ima call you a faggot
I'm at 's BlackStarsoftheGreatWhiteWay,CarnegieHall. Half way through and I've cried 3 times and been in awe throughout. LORDY
Don't try to talk to me now. I trusted you. O tried to be your friend, but instead you stabbed me in the back... I'm sorry
whenever goes to the twins house I feel like he gets bored with them and then facetimes me:\/
If I enjoyed smoking drugs I'd probably play Civilization IV eight times a day instead of three. That's too many times. Don't smoke doobs.
Bruh don't nobody feel me like I feel me
1) when got period blood on his jeans from the chunky black girl grinding on his knee.
Why are there mad heads at Denny's right now nobody is ever here come on
Literally reading the story about Bobby Womack's passing and get a push from Beats Music about a Womack playlist. They do it right
all of life is all of grace. always.
\": I keep telling myself I don't need you but I know that ain't true at all\"
I'm like the number 1 person that will never go vegan or vegetarian bruh MCDONALDS IS ON A DAILY FOR ME
Who work at cp and tryna go to the park today
Has anyone else ever watched Only God Forgives w\/ Ryan gosling and is equally as weirded out as me?
All of Jodi Picoult's books are so beautifully written. I know that is a fact even though I haven't gotten to them all.
I need to go to bed to many people throwing up tonight
So do I still go out or go to 24 ?
When you realize you're starting to catch the feels&lt;
these Africans playing dirty !
The weird thing is, WE NEVER EVEN FUCKING DATED.
*indirect tweets to nash* no response
when you get all excited for a concert and then you realize that there's a age limit .....
Walter white is the worst guy to speak after a tragedy.
Early showing of
clint DEMPSEY is love clint Dempsey is life
what's a girl gotta do to get panera at 11:42pm???
\": Suck KD dick and harden\" WOW
On my way to san jose than off to hawaii
Oomf is pissing me off so bad
So weird how my dad and sister were talking and somehow their conversation was part of my dream
The Usos remind me of the Hardy Boys. Fun, energetic wrestling. They need to get more hang time though. No one flew like the Hardys.
Song of last night: under pressure.\n
Baby you got a lot to learn
I bet show tmrw will be better than anything puts on in NYC
tired even with two cups of coffee today
Making the trip down to for camp &amp; !!! Time to find the next Lord Jeff's from the c\/o 2015!!!
Holy shit that lightning was so bright it looked like it struck in my room
s\/o to the only person who's had my back through everything. I love you
I love that they always put Kufi Kingston in the match every year but everyone knows he's never going to win lol
I'm tired and frustrated and annoyed and confused all at the same time.
If anyone understand me it's samone frfr
Ain't no nigga like the one I got.
KRHV 231650Z 13008KT 10SM SKC 20\/11 A2996
Some mentions I just be like do you expect me to write back to this?
I actually like Ronaldo but I want USA to win nothing wrong with it right
People who complain should have a special place in hell reserved for them
Life is just so simple and perfect right now
we be freakin all night like we was on E.
He's a goner no more World Cup for him.
The purge is lit I'm def gonna see that
Here's a juicy bit-- that IG picture---&gt;&gt; was actually a prev post made by a doctor colleague of mine that I reposted. He still has a job.
I mean you would think that I'm upset to hear that you come home at 10:30PM just to work some more. After working for almost 9 hrs alrdy
I am attempting to blend into their habitat, but my clothing choices just aren't cutting it
TapTalk has become my go to messaging app. So little friction
Just ordered a Bacon egg&amp;cheese sandwich with an Arizona iced tea from Jackie's
Pose calmement devant le match! 94-76 pour les spurs
I would probably start hyperventilating and pass out if Beyonce touched me
my mom sat down to talk to me with tears in hers eyes about her being concerned that I'm into hard core drugs... It honestly broke my heart
Oooooo excited to see Mookie bat tonight!
Me: Dude I'm sweaty as fuck\nZamir: you're dry as hell \nMe: you're dms are dry as hell
If she's in jail ima punch her dumbass!
What ever is a big deal to you might not be such a big deal to others.
I should probably just camp out in the mall parking lot cause I spend most of my time working there.
Ghana's jersey's are sick though not going to lie
Please 8% last me till work
Another , another American bleeding. Wtf.
People need to stop calling each other white or black or Hispanic or Chinese or Japanese or whatever. We're all one world.
.So how would awesome beat amazing? verifying , right? And also ? Me too. :)
JONES PUTS IT INnbbn
hate celebs that let fame get to their head
The Spurs deserve this championship!
This Weekend Was Amazing Aside From Some Drama.
But what I really want to do is be a filmmaker
How are people still going crazy over Frozen.
Shout out to the detective that bought me my beer &gt;&gt;&gt;
Well while I was looking for my credit card two identical twins came up to me at the gym and gave me both there numbers.. Idek
Bby eres mi numberrr 1
Second stage reading Thurs Sardines&amp;Olives dir Bobby Sobel opens late Fall stay tuned. I play The Baroness!
If anyone finds my ltv lanyard contact me k thanks
Wtf is that man wid the red beard??
Dad goes \"flag on the Americans?\"
vans with your face all over
He Has No Reason To \": He should cri RT : Why They Zoom in On LeBron Eyes Like That...He's Not Crying .. Damn..\"
Looking forward to the just got the tour- grand opening in 10 days- beautiful design
that was a beautiful goal. Jermain Jones is a monster
social climbing ass niqqa'.
&amp; my boys are off with their cousin Miah, unty Boogie &amp; grama Nate LOL! Have fun, be GOOD, be SAFE &amp; see ya in 2 weeks..ThankYou!
I would never forget Zendaya is half black bruh!
i want a new michael kors bag so bad
The only people you need in your relationship are yourselves and GOD ... LEAVE EVERYTHING ELSE OUT
And the judge can't decipher his left from his right or his right from his wrong
You have a phone the size of a small country, you got the e-mail ya dumb fuck
I want chips, guacamole and martinits. Tonight would of been a perfect night for it
Can anyone give me a ride to my soccer game today?! You can also play we need an extra player
Why are random freshmen texting me at night when I ddnt even give them my #
No offense to drama club you is cool people
Excuse me while I go drowned my sorrows in a bottle of Sriracha...
This will be one long \/emotional\/ summer
Well anyway, batman begins is still such an amazing movie.
wow we're talking about the World Cup in class rn &amp; I hve no idea wtf they're talking about lol
Some weird nuclear skies tonight. They look bigger than usual.
Does anyone else hate when tv shows act like the psats are so important when actually they mean less than nothing
\": I've had baby fever since I grew boobs \": I dont think ive experienced baby fever.\"\" 0_0
Hate seeing niggas do half reps of a weight they have no business lifting
your Western sexual ethics have created this rape culture. and you cant see why you wouldnt follow their script
Random ass hit ups . Piss me offf soooo bad . Like Miss me ?? Um no Felicia .
I was planning on sleeping a little more but nooo I just had to pee
I should really go to San Francisco more often, I mean hell I live in the bay
What is this? A center for Ents? It needs to be at least 6 times smaller.
\": never wanted to slap the shit out of a little kid so bad\"
All my friends visit Amie and I at work, it's the best!
Magic Johnson's son should have stayed in the den or closet or where ever the hell that middle aged mother came from.
I really dont what I would do if I didnt have mylene in my life. I would be a big mess.
Wait, the Knicks just traded Chandler and Felton? Really smart move, a rarity for a franchise run by blues legend James Dolan.
I will never forget that time daisia jumped on me from deep and i wanted to fight her lmaoo
Inside on top of you grinding inside and out of you
Someone tell my why Spanish girls are so bad
Mistakes are the things that make us who we are.
When I see people sleeping in the break room at work, all I can think about is how anti-TU their lives have become. Struggle harder, guys
Hmmm I think my twitter header is pretty clever.
I am a living, breathing, fuckin corpse
I'm watching the Grammys or nah?
The spanish broadcost right now: MESSI MESSI MESSI GOLASOOO ARGENTINAAAAA
I'm on \"Derek and Romaine\" now til 11pm. LISTEN IN! CALL IN! DAMMIT!!
Prob gunna order 's bday present and 's preorder for the new album in a couple days
Remember when there was fun stuff for 18 year olds to do at night? HA. Nope.
So quick to assume the worst and be negative , shit pisses me off
Penn state football tickets acquired for the last time as a student. 67 days til kickoff. Let's do this
So apparently there's a man vs wild game...
That's the real question.
\"Down ass bitch w\/ a twisted mind\"
I listen to the arctic monkeys a lot but I s2g the only time I listen to \"do I wanna know\" is when it's on the radio.
Drake and Josh was the best show of my childhood
it's only during our weakest times that we realize how strong we really are.
It would make me incredibly uncomfortable to have to hear \"you're so pretty\/cute\/hot\/etc\" on a daily basis.
The West Getting More And More Stacked While Bitch Ass Probably Still Gonna Stay In The East To Try To Coast. Fucking Bum
I spit on your grave, aftermath genesis, eraser head , murder set pieces , irreversible, Henry portrait of a serial killer, a Serbian film
whatever the arguing will be over soon... hopefully.
Weird that it's 0100 in Britain and I'm only just going out for my tea
I've been putting random shit on my poison ivy for like 2 hours now.
just watch it wrap around a nigga
The real housewives spilt up by hair colors brunette vs blonde
What if Broly was actually in love with Goku, and what he was tea
Hmmmmmm... Klinnsman, I think u should call Landon Donavan back
wow I hate my phone so much rn it took me two hours of rebooting so it could send texts and actually make tweets like wtf :'))))))
\"where'd you find this gringo ese??? the fucking mumford and sons concert and shit????\"
I would b nice If testa ever answered
Sometimes I'll stay up til like 4AM and remember that I summer school and then get really depressed, lol
I always warn people but they never believe it until it's already done.
Ginobli Godly bro
Damn y'all taking super Ls right now lmao
Budweiser is gunna make a killing today
Just thinking about it is making my mouth water...
5 hours until game time!
\": OK WE GET IT YOU KINDA HAVE A BUTT NOW* SHUT UP ABOUT IT\"
\": I gargle nut then blow cum bubbles around ur dick after you bust in my mouth and I swallow it after.\"-Sounds Good.
Uk ur bored when u can't shut up on twitter
Keep those stats coming fellow mainframers
He was amazing!!!
I really just wanted Oden to get a ring
you can stand under my umber ella ella ella
Like why are you subbing me... Like bye
Legit looked into squatters rights laws today. This is what my life has come to. I think I need a drink or six.
Is YoSecret a thing yet? Can't wait to read the stories on that one.
I mean really? Would you even try that stunt with a net?
I don't even fuck with award shows anymore it's all bullshit video of the year should require some actual choreography
And the way he looked at her is the way all girls wanna be looked at
- &amp; im still up .
Watching on --I forgot how much I loved this movie. It is such the best.
I don't understand why havin your shit together is so difficult. How do you wake up w no direction in life? How do you not live w a purpose?
I just wanna buy the world through the impossible
Just won a bottle of vodka gambeing at a local fair. And this is what my life has come to.
I need to get out of this house
I don't wanna waste my time , become another casualty of society
I really wanted to work this summer but i have to go dr jk Lmfao fuck yall bitches im out
I been through a lot in my life, I am so strong because if anyone else went through all I've went through they wouldn't of made it this far
Reason number 83731 why I love being in New York this summer: I'm single and have no curfew so I can eat Mr. Softee for dinner.
It's like I'm sleepy.. but twitter.
Just know that Gianna Dellefave gets the last word! So if you want to stop fighting then you better yet just stop replying!
Heat fans are gunna be like the heat tomorrow in school: not showing up.
I'm so done the president ate at chipotle okay
When a girl takes too long to text back it is assumed that she is too busy to but God forbid a guy to take awhile to text back the girl.
Happy birthday I hope it is legendary
In regards to baseball: I got romantic inclinations and I got stats
Today is like my second birthday. Excuse my excitement
Yep, vine is still terrible. Lack of original content, literally nothing but revines....
If you think you know me based off my tweets ..... fuck you.
So tired &amp; my toe itches lmao
When am i getting home D;
Happy 4th! I'm so happy to be treating myself to Obvious Child today
In other news, I'm officially First Aid and CPR certified so who needs their life saved? Holllllla
good win for the boys today
Im glad i read the book before the movie
Either he is or he aint ya man
And that's how you start a game
INGRID AND EMILY COBBINAH ARE TRICK ASS BITCHES WHO SCREENSHOT\/RECORD EVERYTHING
Aw quand je tweet je kiff voir \"De San Fransisco, CA\"
Being broke sucks
I just want a sonic slushi with hot cheetoes. Is that too much to ask
Love the sound of rain on the window
That moment when your deck designer bails on you last minute...
i just wanna take you out and show you off !!
What does it mean when you can no longer find an album you've already been listening to on ?
THEY CLOSED PART OF MCLAUGHLIN NOW I HAVE TO TAKE A DETOUR TO GWT ON THE 280 FUCK
New Jack Daniels commercial is all about Sinatra... Didn't know he's buried with a bottle of the stuff.
It's time to look for some real friends
There sure are a lot more Spurs fans than I thought
My twitter blew up with soccer shit thanks to -.- you retweet a lot. I'm scrolling endlessly.
Don't surround yourself with people who have nothing to lose when you have everything to lose.
She avoids relationships because if you crush you get crushed...
I really miss fiction writing. I wish I still did it as often as I used to (aka everyday when in elementary school). So. many. notebooks.
Probably shouldn't start shit if you can't handle reciprocation.
Baby I can make that pussy rain often
JUST WALKED BY THE DUGGARS FROM 19 KIDS AND COUNTING WTF THEY ARE AT THIS AIRPORT OMG
Cameron is a babe
Follow Right now Gain x30 !!!!
My grandpa always told me i will see what being a man feels like soon i didn't think he meant it at 17.
Baby if you want me, you got to show me love
Mandy was like one of the prettiest girls at canyon to me
Ugh watching last night's episode of is especially depressing right now.
Once I start, I can't stop. and ...not together btw
WTF GOOD WITH THIS NIGGA HAIR
\"It's The Little Details That Are Vital\" Little Things Make Big Things Happen... John Wooden
Sorry I needed a moment of immaturity there. Hahahahaha.
Hice que Fer se llene de odio hahahhaha
Ginoooobiliiiiiiiii!! What is going on???\n
Fuck them other hoes you got the award already
Come on Dolph. bring it to BNB!
Anddddddd currently lying in bed, overeating cheese it's.
I have the most amazing people in my life
YO there's a girl from RH in the first episode of OITNB
Oooh I'm a little insta whore now! gonna learn you how to live a little bit
Flight indefinitely delayed. Storms coming. Pilot refused to take off. Staying with relatives in New York. Sleep now.
Don't get too close to the fire, but also don't stand too far from it
Great strt and great goal
Just dropped the 30 pound bar bell on my fucking foot from about 5 feet up.
Wow 4th of july tornado basically\n\nI LOVE 'MURICA (good grammar)
.Owned me? I know liberalism was code for salvery, but rarely do I hear the libs confess their true desires.
My cousins being a bitch ass nigga in London
\"Stop drinking poison and expecting it to kill your enemies\"
Lord all I need is that call tomorrow saying come thru and lord knows it's on site.
Hate when my eyes are red &amp; low, I don't like eye drops
I swear some females be having the most fake friendship
But I feel like someone gonna test my spirits and make me go to jail..
What these bitches want from a nigga.
trippy fresh to death, like the afterlife
Major news on &amp; yet is still on this coverage of not that that child's death is not tragic
RT : Walking around Brooklyn, slapping people's brunches to the ground.
I refuse to go to school cos I know they'll send me back home. Damnit they need to answer the phone
I think my phone hates me still cause it is dies instantly and is dead majority of the day yayyy
Singing the Beautiful soundtrack with strep throat makes me sound much more authentic
I don't know how to comment on the fact that all of my neighbors seriously hate me
my last weekend in Ct &amp; I hope it's the best
But the spurs is turning up the heat.
The spurs are up by 18 pts with less than 2 min in the 4th quarter and pop won't smile
Very very high with
My dad is always complaining about my shorts being too short lmao
Just give lebron the fucking ball
Nangawit binti ko dun ah. Lakad pa.
Idk why everyone thinks they can be singers lmfao
Where the fuck did Anthony come from. He stay going ghost on me
I'm about to go home and watch SAO Lol and wait for simo class tomorrow
The fault in our stars is over rated, although it is a great book
Honestly I really fucking hate people
Shoutout to LT on Castle bc he does so many stupid errands around the 12th for everyone.
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart.
he has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted,to proclaim liberty to the captives,and the opening of the prison to those who are bound. . . .
You can tell who didn't put on deodorant today.
I've said it before and I'm sure I'll say it again. Pick 2 random fans in the stadium&amp;have them trade places with the goalies. No difference
KSJC 240653Z 32003KT 10SM CLR 16\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T01610089
Just finished watching a Lego movie with athena
Still kinda feel bad for the guy that scored on his own goal earlier
Mariah's off to grindstone.. Room to myself. FUCK YEAAAAH
I've burned bridges with the wrong people ..
So pumped for Wilfred!
this is dead new to me. idk how to respond to things like that
Were all gonna be dickheads and try and go to a BBQ, dress up nice and get caught in the rain, get drenched and muddy.
Telling me not to worry will only make me worry more so don't tell me not to worry
I really hope the Rangers draft a power play.
Wishing i would get ice cream or something delivered to my house
Can't sleep facing fear trusting God keeps running through my head there's no play at VBS this year just Music next year we should have both
Have a festive Red, White and Blue Day. Yep.
I have work in 20 minutes and I'm still in bed
Can't wait to hang out with this hangover all day
Back-to-back jacks. Yeah,
I really hate the flight from Cali to OZ.
When did job applications get so long?!
IM SORRY IM RETWEETING SO MUCH EVERYONE IS FUNNIER THAN I AM
You become who you hang out with, not entirely, but you'll become more and more like your friends over time
Done w Transmigration o Tim Archer. \"Trilogy\" is kind of a stretch.
Why am I attracted to crazy ass female s
I should be asleep, but instead I'm starving
what the beautiful lady said: RT : How about some runs ?
That moment u surrender to life situations and realize u have no control of the unknown...
Well what a birthday today was! The day is over and all I've done is get shoved on a plane shoved in a car and shoved in a hotel room thanks
I will not break the way you did
There's only 2 more days till free agency... My head is going to explode if and when we start making moves
PSA: If anyone would like to see more pictures my hair (hahaha, if!) I welcome you to my Snapchat, where I post them constantly: Linds.e1
Kmt the guy stand up and watch the ball went past him
Cant freaking wait till american horror story is back on
I know something you don't know
Played 18 holes golf so didn't get to see get 11 hits and score 2 runs, I got a few birdies though so day wasn't all bad
She can't be serious with these wigs lmaoo
So according to my timeline, the BET awards are a mess. Glad I'm not watching.
i respect strippers, they know that they shouldn't waste time in order to make money
Today's dreams are tomorrow's standards. Love bold and huge.
A lot of my \"friends\"keep trying to discourage me through this entire process.So I just have 1 question for you:
Never fails if I have to get up early I can't fall asleep.
What a hit!
Just entered my credit card into Steam, goodbye money haha
The fact that is really good at journalism AND trolling makes me incredibly happy.
I want cuddles and a massage like reeeaaallll bad rn
eu to rindo mt c isso KKKKKKKKKK melhor coisa
Yup I'm still up thinking about u sighhhh I miss u
I could eat a crumb and it'll show in my dress
If soft drinks and Twinkie snacks are so bad for you, then how come I've lost half my vision and can't get an erec--- .. wait, help
Lol at the people who consider anyone who lives in ladera Fucking rich...
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY MY FELLOW AMERICANS
Born in a Cadillac die in a Mercedes
The She Wolf is a babe
Yes on a une chambre pour moi et mon cousin! Awesome
I also want a cat and a dog and the floor in my room to be finished.
This is literally the worst fucking day
Still at JFK nearly 12 hrs after scheduled departure time. No comp offered by beyond few meal vouchers, only excuses.
Yay Dempsey is back. Now all we need is altidore!
Buy me Chanel chance perfume for Christmas thx
Said you drive stick well baby just pull off
I don't understand why people starting shit like it's summer tf get over it!
Literally just started crying because I thought I had to wake up at 6 tomorrow morning.
\"No... I hit you.... like wam.. SLam... BAM. I DONT THINK SO DANDELION. IM A GARDEN ROSE\" - -crazy eyes
I gotta go to work tomorrow and hear this bullshit
Literally so excited to start watching house of cards again.
BBQ food and movies with the boys, such a perfect Monday summer afternoon.
Spent my Sunday right...toes in the sand &amp; now a cold margarita in my hand.
Lmao RT : \"Nawwww it aint even like that\" = You caught me, but I can't think of an excuse.
I might be attempting a Let's Play at diamondclub.tv right now. I suck ass.
Literally was going nuts in the candy store , I wanted EVERYTHING!
Jesse McCartney is still the bae
Those \"down for whatever\" type of people &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
That tap water. If you know what I mean.
I could talk about Indian classical dance for literally 3 whole days
at sum point we became conscious
How long does it take to walk around lake Chabot?
Fuck a fake friend where your real friends at
This world cup is crazy! I love itttt
Zzzzz. So over this. Chance after chance and nothing seems to change which is Totally textbook.
all of yo kids need they dad ass bitch.
So tell me you love me
\"bueno voy a decir la notas en voz alta\"\n\nmuerete
When you smile I melt inside, I'm not worthy for a minute of your time
Already got one, rolled up in my left hand
I used to make the dumbest youtube videos, watching them 5 years later Im suffering from servere embaressment
Y'all's opinion on manga and cereal is so trashhh, I can't trust y'all no more
Need a mall run asap
I'm really scared for the chem regents
Went to the Shack and got my new Lifeproof case after canceling my phone protection plan. Love the customer service !
I went to the U.S open last year a day before the riot
doesn't deserve this win. Playing like straight garbage.
Your charming even though your not around
I put my phone on the charger and left it alone at 15% 7 mins. ago and now its at 1%
Tell me my house isnt fire....buh dum ts
I'm actually watching the game tomorrow ~gasp. Should be some drunken noontime fun
The Heat stress me out
I guess I just wait for you now...? I hate this, but it'll be worth it.
That sucks Altidore is done for the World Cup
Is the chem regents in the morning or
JERMAINE BABY OMG!!!!!!!
does no one wanna talk to me? Fuuuuuckkk. Okay I get it lol. Ima go to bed or whatevaaa, GN.
What do you when life gives you lemons
Gresku u tvitu mrzim vise od Doboja.
Where was the possessive apostrophe supposed to go in that tweet tho?
I honestly don't really care I just wanted Greece to win bc it's pretty there. That was the first game I actually watched
If there is one thing that I'm taking away from orientation, it's that I do not want to become an orientation leader.
There are so many shitty movies out rn and then there's which is absolutely amazing. That is a great ass movie
For some reason it takes 3 people to figure out how to use a vending machine
It's apparently. I miss the summer Olympics
Knock it down thats a free throw, hit a friend thats a And1
Every end is a new beginning
just bc you know the song chocolate by the 1975 or you listen still into you in the radio doesn't mean you have a good taste on music sorry
OCC sending me mail telling me I could still go for free.. Ya but I already did and I rather set my face on fire then go back there
All I want to do tonight is go on a walk, eat some ice cream and then watch a movie ugh
No more nice me I been passed that
Last night I got pissed on.
BRITNEY SPEARS WENT BACK TO BEING BLONDE! I REPEAT BRITNEY SPEARS WENT BACK TO BEING BLONDE!
All these a people and their transformation Tuesdays
Dad wants to add a 2nd pool and a guest house and a waterslide from the roof into our backyard.... Down
You ever wonder what it all really means
Today's been a good day :)
I have so much to do today
From Drakes to Meeks to Kres. They all nice
You pose to be here when my head hurt.
I used to be in love with but he is turner into a huge doucher
You never get used to it, you just have to live with it
Practice was fun until I got bit by another god damn bug!
I went to the beach today w my legs lookig like a fucking wolf
I wish I was brave enough enough to go after what I want.
All everyone has to do for tomorrow is just BOLIEVE
So my nanas client looks at me then sates out of no where \"you are SO beautiful.\" And that made me smile. Thank you women I don't know.
In every scary movie there is some dumbass who is running and trips over nothing.
The Bluebirds on my deck are awake. I just love them! So cute
I'm sorry if I watch ur snapchat stories 2 seconds after you post them it's just that I have no life
babies w curly hair r so cute omg
Nigga, why you babysitting only two or three shots?\nI'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
Oh teen wolf is back...
ready to cry my eyes out when I see Maddy graduate
It's really hard to leave bed when i'm loving every song being played
To go to bed or watch the last episode of gossip girl
It would be nice to have a blow job\nIt would be nice to have a blow job\nIt would be nice to have a blow job \nFrom your Mom
Damn they cut to commercials thats od disrespect
The humphreys are the most annoying people in gossip girl along with Vanessa
Well I just watched the first episode of Sherlock and I'm straight up hooked.
WTF BULLSHIT OFFSIDES
\": twitter fucked up when they added gifs smh\" rft
Hell fucking yes!!!
I want to live in a country where the average citizen does not find 21\/22 jump street funny whatsoever
I get a annoyed so easily
to arrive home and see you have one beer left
Kyle sleeps more than he's awake lmaoooooo
Mamiss ko jay nu tay panagtutudo, agtartaray ka mapan agsada tricycle
if you say you don't like In N Out you know you're lying
All I want is a girl who won't stop doing the little things that got me to fall for her.. Don't get too comfortable that will get u replaced
When I start assuming things, people start getting offended
Iggy Azalea - Black Widow ft. Rita Ora
Was riding even with the midtown-to-Williamsburg peloton until I tried to gun it up the first half of the Williamsburg Bridge
Then the change you see, like then and there, it's weird as hell
My soul is darker than my clothes
713 idk you but your really cute and we should talk sometime
i forgot how good jersey bagels really were
Wonder whose ranked 69th in our class this year
Dude this weekend gon b R
When my cat isn't a total sociopath all is well.
I only know her from the Tyler Perry plays...
\" this kid on our block used to do cocaine, and now he's just a raging alcoholic. \"
You're the reason that my heart beats, and you're the reason that it breaks
So the mavs were the closest to beat this team
I wanna know is this as good as it gets?
Goooooooollllllll 2-1 XD
Jhene Aiko - To Love &amp; Die &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
since I feel better today I refuse to waste this day.
Its summer and i havent seen aryana once.
god mom I'm only 12\nIT'S A METAPHOR
Pretty sure I have the best best friend.
The Champ Is Here!!!! \n
Nights like these bring me back, I'm happy to be back.
What doesn't kill you fucks you up mentally.
Greece deserved to win. They were the better team BY FAR!!!
I just want to go to the gym!
So what you saying hoe you know I'm the man hoe
My consequences, both good and bad, are my own. I'll own them to the grave, nigga.
Hoy no es que rompa cadenas ,solo me doy por vencido y te perdono por todo ,por venir y haberte ido .
Listen bitch if i ask you to get a slice of pizza with me its cause i like you......
Calvin Coolidge, the only President born on the 4th of July. Happy Birthday to THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA! SHE's the best!
When is the fun gonna begin..
If they ask you how u doing tell them better than you!
Watchig the keynote, and noticing the \"allowing custom keyboards four or five years ago\" jab at was definitely a highlight.
Damn I really liked Jason Kidd. Id go coach Jabari if I had the opportunity too tho
dang i need to hangout with Melo, Ruby, Ashley, and Sonia
Well looks like I'm spending the night in walden
Stopped ballin when the ganja got stronger
Three s2000's pull up and i start crying
The only way to hide the elephant In the room is by bringing the giraffe in
I'm here at home hella boredd
It's a 70's disco time of day
Plan: wake up at 8:00 to go run\nReality: still in bed at 8:30
Dead about to punch my brother in his chest....
Brett Gardner is actually my hero
The word \"girlfriend\" scares the shit out of me
En mi avatar salgo virolo, por eso me gusta tanto:G.
Had such an amazing day in NYC with and
Yes RT : 10. Have you ever lost feelings for someone because of what your boys\/girls told you?
I didn't learn a single thing in chem all year bc half the time I was arguing with Dannick to shut up about Obama
Studying for my Spanish final by watching Argentina play, close enough!
After this week I sayin snow is the way not to go. They can really mess with your life and haunt u
Yad think treating ppl the fashion of the worth of their soul not honourable?
Rain rain go away; I want to see some fireworks tonight!
If money makes you happy just know, my heart is made out of gold.
These jeans clapping and they aint using hands
Costa Rica aint getting past the quarters
I'm actually cool with this rain.... to make up for it being so hot today
Going to work this early sucks so much ass
Teen wolf is so intense and its only the season premiere ...
I wonder if She'd Watch Raw with me Lol
Anyone know a good url shortener app for mac that lives in the menu bar and has bitly account support?
2- I fucking love you mol
There's nothing quite like the NYC skyline at dusk
boy you dont love me you just say that shit to get to me boy .
I have a thing for bookstores
There are legit tears running down my face bc I miss Steve so much
judging you if you don't respect your parents
Does anyone have an iPhone 5 charger I can borrow??
Is you goooood , or nahh like damn?
Seriously want to play pond hockey one day
It's my moms MF BIRTHDAYYY AND 45 never looked so damn good. Happy birthday mom love you. She won't see this cause she don't have a twitter
Sloan made eye contact with a young boy's \"ween\"
On another note, thank goodness for the boppy pillow, my son loves it &amp; I don't have to sit up holding him for 20 mins after feeding
I put up with this shit too much. Night time it is... After this beer that is
\": Bro, do you even lift?\" Nah
It's onnnnnn!!!!!! Game time!!!!
When my boyfriend and I say I love you at the same time ......
everything good makes you basically fat an addict or broke
What if I can't get pre.......*sigh
Blue Foundation - Eyes in Fire
And it doesn't help that I can't fall asleep talking to my boyfriend....
Leonardo DiCaprio should've won an oscar for what's eating Gilbert grape, his acting was amazing.
I wake up to my dog in my room every morning now awww
that's disrespectful no no no you did fifteen muchhh
I wear my work apron out and about bc it has great pockets and (hopefully) communicates to people that I look dirty + miserable for a reason
Feel like my moms gonna yell at me in the am ugh lol
Someone needs to win already and it better be Costa Rica!
Someone take me to get Ceviche
BET awards? Is yeezy gonna be there tho
I don't believe in love because when two people love each other one of then still hurts one and they are still in love. If I shoot you...
I want a woman that knows her faults, knows mine but doesn't dwell on either set of them
Watching the last two episodes of \"49 Days\". I highly recommend this !
GAMEDAY. Ready to watch begin it's championship run. Either way it goes, I will be crying
Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck
Nice three bosh lol
Hearing a beat from my stash.....yup i got this
gol. 1 - 0
I actually might shoot these birds outside my window in two seconds
If you have just one negative emotion you can't part with, that alone can be enough to sabotage your life.
Headed to the nightmare that is Coney for 4th of July $$$
You make me fall in love with u and then u call me a crazy bitch because I'm still in love wow
I treat girls with RESPECT because they deserve it
Smithtown East's Kevin Schroeder made one reception for six yards and had four punts for 109 yards, with a long of 39 yards, for team LI.
Clint Dempsey scores 30 sec into the match. # ThanksObama
Never drinking again
\"My aunts a food critic. No. She's not. She's a nurse.\"
Like Bruh, You Gonna Talk Shit About Your Own Government But You Went To Public School And Get FAFSA. That's None Of My Business Though.
THE RED WHITE AND BLUE YOU PORTUGUESE FUCKS
Family Planning is a sin in Puritan America
9\/10 of the uber facts are so stupid and fake
As if I'd actually get up right now and eat ....
Fuck Ray Allen's dunk from game 2! Manu flew!!!!
Why is Drake hosting the ESPYs...
hamlet is about horatio, probably one of the best characters ever written, hamlet is just a foil for him truly
casually pushing 120mph on the freeway.
I just ride
Double digit loses. 3 times in a row.
Ice-T the rapper fucking blows lmao
Ill Rather Die Then Work w. A Hang Over on My Day off!!
I've never actually paid attention the lyrics in this song, wow
That was the realist game of monopoly I've ever played Congrats
I blame for my addiction to this game
T-minus 2 hours until our Young Alumni Weekend begins at the SLO HotHouse!
I luv it when your eyes are red
I'm pretty cool around random celebrities but I'm trying so hard not to fangirl Starlee Kine in this Facebook group
I'll freak you right I will, I'll freak you right I will, I'll freak you like no one has ever ever made you feel
Haven't had a good laugh in a while ...
These are two very attractive teams.
I'm still trippin out over this...damn what a night
A (micro mini) tributary! As would say: \" hah lay loo! Praise him!\"
Literally just had a romantic comedy style meeting with someone on the subway. I guess my life is officially a movie now
I made the decision today to not be afraid to talk to strangers.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
I WANT MY BANDANA GODDAMN IT
Go spurs go (killing myself slowly)
Love seeing draft pick Bobby Clarke with Travis draft pick in 2014
I wonder if there are people who still get excited when Full House comes on.
Someone talk to meeee I'm so boredddd
But it's okay because you have a eating disorder anyway.
\"He asked if I was the devil, I just smiled\"
I give up on trying to be skinny fml
Hard out there in a suit today. Cool vibes to all my well dressed friends today.
When we grow up checking for monsters under the bed becomes checking our bank accounts. Equally as terrifying.
i miss the field days at black rock school
Lightroom mobile is easily the best photo editing app. Others are too destructive in processing. Makes me excited to shoot on my phone!
Y am i up there aint shit to do
Why do bitches think they're the shit when they're not like at fucking all lol
Awww my dog just came back from getting his teeth pulled out and neutered and he looks so sad. ):
Waking up early tomorrow is killing my vibe
Trying to pee and multitask is so hard
THANK YOU JESUS THANK YOU TOM CRUISE!!!!
I mean my best friend just deleted the picture she posted of me an hour ago..... Guess I'm really not cute enough
Just saw a car flip right Infront on our car I feel so bad for the family it was so bad
So much anxiety for tomorrow's game
Noted without comment: There's a woman bowling while wearing her baby in a sling.
I wish parents would stop using the term \"playdate\". Come over to play, go to x's house, hangout, but \"playdate\" is stupid.
I decided im going to ride my bike everywhere becuase gas is so much.
A1a: remember there is always another day and one you.
I wish josh from the bachelorette was 18
these are nights I really miss having you to talk to, fuck you.
obviously Nate would want Serena over Blair, Serena is flawless idgi
~bana castn iconu atn lN
Lea ya bitchass how about we leave you ok
I always find the truth out
Can't wait to move out west and start over.
Northwestern be pullin out the wettest unis !
Can't think right if I'm hungry
S\/o to Jovan, I miss learning choreo from him.
mom just asked me what I laugh at in my room cause she can hear me all the way downstairs...me mom, I'm hilarious. but mostly vine
My human instincts were to add friction but the god in me took over and I opened my book.
Honestly. I am not going to put up with fake hypocrite people all you do is talk about people thats the only thing you always do.
Im Tired Of Trying To Get To You. Seems Like Theres Nothing To Get To.
I messed up my summer fling, fuck itttt lol
Lolol RT : After tonight, I think I need to hang up my ball kicks
Leo Messi Leo Messi Leo Messi
DAMN! Greece better stop this next shot.
I don't see why people hate alex after what she did I mean shit I'd do the same thing to get my ass free from prison
Really debating on smacking certain niggas when I see them
Rep AB leak. AB is water.
Como se dice \"quiero ir, pero no con usted\"...pero sabes en un buena manera
YO IF THIS BITCH IS DEAD IN THE ATTIC IMMA PISS MYSELF
lol @ me 4 thinking it was a good idea 2 watch devils die rn
Welp looks like I won't be attending EVO this year. Hopefully I can make it to another major.
I keep farting and it's not letting me sleep lol
Out of the gym at 1am and into work at 6am every single day while everyone else is still sucking on their pacifier
YES SOUTH PARK IS ON FOR AND HOUR AND A HALF!!!!!!
S\/O to cam for teaching me US history class in one night
You should've heard how loud Recovery got with Jermaine Jones' goal !
I have no fucking clue what to wear today because of the weather.
Thank god I'm fine this morning.
Damn Messi is too nice. That goal was precise!
A little more than 4 hours left! Like my FB &amp; follow me on twitter to show your support!!
Point is I hope she goes lol
You appreciate so much more of what you have when you accept what is and have faith in what will be
More bucks but less love,\nyou hear them drums, Questlove.
Amazing fuckin goal. Froze the goalie up
Dempsey is too nasty. And nobody is scoring on Tim Howard
I just want to play gigs &amp; make enough to get by.
Call me naive, but I think it's Dolph's night!
the news focuses on only one severe problem at a time when in reality, the world is simultaneously facing many dour issues
When I was 23 n 1 they had me starrin At the bars
If my work doesn't call me out for this thunderstorm I will be in severe depression
you can't trust anyone with anything now a days\/\/...
In a world of pure inebriation tweeting is always the answer. Especially when it is after midnight during the week and are trying to be sly.
PORRA ELE CHUTA COM AS 4 PERNAS E AINDA ERRA AQUELE GOL
Y'all won't admit it.. but Pharrell looks like Kermit the Frog.
Is it possible to be allergic to air for only about forever
USA this Thursday: Listen, we're sorry about WW2 and such, can we at least tie right?\nGermany: NEIN!
Hey Jon Cozart fans! What do you think of Part Two??!!!
lol at the fact that I know this song bc it was senior elites dance song
SCORE AGAIN PLZ
Mike be having drinks wit dick cubes in it naaaaaaaa
Not down to start fasting tomorrow
These futbol players stay trippin'
El miercoles Argentina vs Nigeria a las 12pm
My sister can't drive me to practice because she's to busy sleeping her ass off holy shit
Home sweet home haha. Fuck I hate it already
You could label me an asshole, I am anyway.
Feels so good to be home, but that was high quality bro time lol
I never meant to start a war. I just wanted you to let in.
i rarely get tired of using ableton but i need a break. that fucking metronome is driving me bonkers
I think Ghana is doing some Voodoo shit getting US players injured and shit
I hate when people be like but have like 10 best friends, BRUH.
I hate Mondays. I always work late on Mondays.
\": what's so funny Lmfaoo\"\nLol ion even know how that happened
Ugh work is so slow, why am I here?
I just want to be able to sleep
Whenever I watch Monsters Ball &amp; the sex scene w\/ Halle Berry &amp; Billy Bob Thornton happens I think to myself there's no way that's not real
Muchlinski had a smirk on his face.
I know! Why don't you wear the little Gucci dress
FUCK YES, my first day of work tomorrow let's goo
Sometimes when I'm sad I just listen to Lemuria and every thing becomes a million times better instantly.
Mount Vernon been working on Memorial Field for 4 years. Looks more like a memorial less like a field.
Dressing different, isn't different anymore.
Wow 2 yrs ago me &amp; the KJ girls were beyond fuuuucked up in wildwood why the fuck can't that happen every year...
Miami knows what they have to out pass tonight, I got the Spurs again for this one. They've been playing to well to stop them. Goodluck
I cant go to bed without watching family guy
Ghana is playing dirty. Not happy in hurting my favorite player. Not happy.
I feel really bad for the homeless man I was sitting next to on the subway because he almost killed me with his smell
hello I have changed the handle
Siskiyou County, the land with nothing except natural beauty, I-5, crazy people and Jesus
what do u all think abt the 'right to be forgotten' ? its very strange..basically these ppl just file recursive 'requests' to search co's
Pleased call me love you
74 DAYS UNTIL FOOTBALL
Get the fuck away from me
At times idk &amp; I feel like when I say idk ppl just think im hidin shit but in reality I cant process my thoughts into words so I say idk.
Cheering for , watching legend (), awaiting v . All while celebrating Independence Day.
Also and nevertheless I realize that i wasn t feeling homesick those last months, I was just missing the city !
You both talk so much shit on each other wtf
Yay! Mom ordered me a juicer!!
Thanks for not pulling out pops
I always find some way to ruin a good thing in my life
have I waited too long to see you?
WHOS COMING TO TRANSFORMERS WITH ME ON FRIDAY!??? \n\nF
attempting to find a large enough patch of non-sunburnt skin to sleep on
Fuck you guys too btw cuz like come on how aren't you trying to comfort me rn
They (the so called prophets of God) made My people go astray, saying, Peace! (Blessings and Favor) and there was no peace.
Wide awake and texting Jacob. \nI've lost all control of my life
Still waiting for my idol to notice me:(
I think that's gunna be go back 2 bed
Its a good day when a dude just comes up and gives you some fire tree for free
cracks me up when people snore on public transportation.
Y'all need to pull this 4th quarter together Heat. till I'm 6feet
Doing the right thing feels a lot like peeing yourself in the dark. Feels warm, but nobody notices.
Way to go to for goal
If you have a problem with ..... We're not friends and we never will be.
HOL UP HOL UPPP you drive me crazy number one bitch you can replace it
First day wearing my without Google Glass. So convenient!
Lmaooo he called us \"some old ass bitches\"
HEY YOU GUYS I'M ALREADY SWEATING AND HYPERVENTILATING OVER HERE 10 HOURS BEFORE KICKOFF IS THAT A GOOD SIGN (PLEASE SAY YES)
When it comes to Mother's Day and Father's Day, that is when people become heartless and douches...
Who's Taking One For The Team Nd Copping Bud Before 11
Commisary got Takis for 94 cent man
Make me remember you like you remember me
Happy birthday tupac shakur
But at the end of the day, I still love so fuckin hard with all of my heart like I've never gone through the most fucked up situations
This chat thing on snapchat is so weird
You hanging w\/the same bitchs you was just dissing, stilllll, none of my bitniz.
You're as fake as your nails.
the worst feeling in the world is reading something that makes your heart drop to your stomach
but he never could get drunk enough to her of his mind
on unstream with
Pop me with a fork.
Literally hate summer cuz of this reason
it's like history just keeps repeating itself Smfh
She ain't perfect, but she's worth it
If is mean to me I'm gonna send him the pic again.
I wish max was a puppy again he's such a big chooch now
if u copy me I hate u
I really dislike doing my hair in the summer..
\": I seriously blame my parents for all my anger issues.\"Rft!
APPETITES:\nHe that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: (Ecclesiastes 5:10 KJV)
So rest your weary heart and relax your mind.
If you can eat every day, you can work out every day
These badass kids funny as hell
I'm laying on my floor thinking about how much I wanna go watch my recorded shows but too much effort to get up and I'm stressing myself out
Honestly Idc how hard or how many days I work as long as my money is right
Golf Nerds... \n\nNOT COOL.. \n\nNOT EVEN CLOSE.. \n\nIt's gonna take a while... \nToo long for most. \n\nGO PLAY.. \n\n&amp; STAY AWAY
Yo le tengo esa mata perfecta !
Absolutely! \": We're looking forward to seeing the Bronx grow with The Mall. Are you? \"
Now they need to score many more. Games not over..
Going home from work at 10pm, I dare you to find me anyone cooler and with more of a life \\O\/
god bless having an older sister to buy you lunch
For every second Tigers Jaw doesn't play, Crystelles soul will be consumed by the devil
Maybe I crossed the line.....but it will be soooo worth it
To be honest, my amount of pleased to be in the current situation and state my life is in is like a 2.3 out of 7
at moes by myself and then I'm pretty sure I'll end up at the bar across the street for a margarita also by myself
.I'm from buffalo. Hockey &gt; any other sports
I would be that one idiot
I wear a regular bra maybe once a week. Living in sports bras is just so much easier
I could go for a milkshake rn
she wasnt even abducted she just stole a car and was outtie AHAHHA
\": Sky is a sketch ball \"what does this mean bc she won't tell me
It's highly rude of you to tweet but can't finish a conversation.
I just went to the best block party in the mission
I know its summer bc i thought today was Wednesday
I miss you.
Tossin &amp; turnin cause of how you made me feel
Dal Colle! Welcome to the See you in 2019!
there is comfort at the bottom of a swimming pool
First: I missed prom because I was driving everywhere and kept forgetting my stuff to get ready
My dad's more into this episode of the bachelorette than I am....
Designer clothes , cars &amp; money are all females nowadays Interested in
I'm litt you litt if you know why ;)
We live in a society in which we let things define us. Ridiculous things. Monetary &amp; physical. Just remember, it's not all about that.
I needa cut my nails they're getting outta control
\"It was insane...for the normal world. But, who wants to live there?\"
The most annoying this is when I have to watch Netflix on my phone and then everyone decides to text me
Good turn out at this fire. Everyone from Alton's is here lmao
My live feed is screwing up badly. UGH
Dilemma by nelly and kelly Rowland will forever be a banger
No such thing as a 24 hr weed man
Watch me watch me do my step
If 's Whitney Houston cover doesn't make you break down in tears, you're a sociopath and we can't be friends
257 you have great taste in music you should mix for movies
Why are they in Mexico lol
Dipshit lol I used to say that all the time what's that mean?
I'd rather get hurt than act like I don't give a fuck about anything. That little act is so transparent.
I love being in nothing but a big shirt and underwear.
Two hour power nap then off to the airport!
You a faggot if you looking at my fucking clothes
\": I can't deal with no damn emotional female that you can't joke around with\" vice versa
Weneva he say he gon talk 2 me ina few dat like 3 hours in his world smh
This past week has been extravagant. Now it's time to get back on our frugal Jew shit.
I usually get the short end of the stick
Bae is gonna follow tonight, I can feel it
Niggah s be focusing on these summer hoes instead of a real bitch
Palm trees. Yup I'm back in Cali.
Dempsey just pulled a
\"I'll give you one more chance, say \/ we can change, or part ways. \/ And you take what you need. \/ And you don't need me.\"
MY BOOTS GERI YOUR WEARING MY BOOTS
Boy do I really want a go pro
Just saw a iPhone password. She made a plus. 2 8 4 6
Only rock wit nigggas I ca vibe wit
Go ahead slap my mom slap the fuck outa' ha she can't sue ya she wouldn't get a buck out ya
Team is getting beat up!
And I wrote this on an airplane, where the people looked like ants.
Thank you babe ,for always be there for me and hearing me bitch about the assholes in highland . Well it's finally over,love u!
There's always the sneak bitch that never gets fucked
What an amazing save OMG
just took a piss next to Wesley Snipes js
Ima be the reason you smile
Okay wait that movie looks kinda cool
But tbh, thats not the part that really get me. What get me is most of yall kno yo nigga fuckin on the low but stay wit him
U rite RT\": Black people ganna go wild for this or some shit\"
when bae texts you right after you fall asleep &gt; &gt; &gt;
I thought his name was tony. what?
Once again the far official calls a clear pass interference penalty.
\": He could calm a storm and heal the blind. And I bet He'd understand a heart like mine\"
Before brooklynn sleeps she will know we love her every night, sleeping without that feeling is the worst in the world..
First weddings, now . . . Nice work
\": Bae isn't bae if they reply\nslow to your messages.\" !
Niggas don't be caring but once I start being a bitch it's the end of the world . . Lol
so fucking done with you
Trying to get out if Mapleton when you don't live there is like navigating through a maze
it was 11 like 3 minutes ago what
Why did we stop talking ?
If you have so much baggage and trust issues, how are you ever going to have a good relationship?
It's so humid in New York that our IKEA table's surface layers are peeling off after less than 2 years.
Messi is sooo darn fast!!
Spendin my day missin 's face
someone needs to create Chapstick that doesn't melt in your car
Walking through LIC and still hearing yells of approval wearing a Rangers shirt. WE MOVE ON BUT WE NEVER FORGET DAMMIT
I can't believe I'm a senior.
If you wanted to be with someone how you say you do, it's not hard to do what you have to do. But ya niggas make it seem impossible.
How in the hell did I hurt him . Smh
Still no chill because I have to go and stay for 3 or more hours just for my report card
On my way down the shore stuck in shitty ass traffic asking myself what would do?
Im Internet harassing someone and I cry every time, it's so funny.
OH: \"I was pretty much at the top of my TF2 game at that point, so I was pretty on point.\"
These penally kicks are stressin me out.
Jermaine mother fucking Jones!
Twitter: where you're supposed to take every single tweet someone posts, seriously.
I'm for sure putting sunscreen on today
Cookie butter got me feeling some type of way
Falling In love is the fun part.\nBeing in love is hell.
I just watched The Purge w Jaime and we're literally furious
For the last day of school I wanna take a lot of pictures with my friends
Being a parent is more than having your baby's name tattooed on your body
Roses are red, my name is not Dave. This poem doesn't make sense Microwave.
The corniest chicks will get 100 likes
I really need to catch up with using Siri on my iPhone more often. It would make my life easier
I've been going through sone shit. You don't know what I've been thinking.
Where is everybody '_'
Yo y chipotle. Chipotle y yo.
The United States of America
Shawn Mendes is amazing. I love him so much. I can't believe he's only 15 with a number 1 single. Can't wait to see him on tour with Austin
I feel like I shouldn't have said the things I said
If Michael Scott was my boss I would have been fired and arrested for assault in the first season
Oh shit hope Asche didn't get hurt, he just started hitting
GoT\/24 SPOILER ALERT: Michelle Fairley has now watched her first born son die moments before being killed herself on 2 different shows.
Noo moth no, get out of my room
I hate that I'm moving from the ocean\/redwoods to pure desert.
I wonder what percentage of high school students smoke weed, it has to be at least 30%
My birthday is next month (:
the dow is at a record, unemployment is the lowest in 10 yrs, just think where we would have been if the prez had some help! # HOUSE GOP
Omg air conditioning feels amazing
If you let them fuck you, there will be no fore-play rest assured, they'll screw you complete til your ass is blue and gray.
Ion but I think the spurs taking this W tonight
Trying to stay sane is like a full time hobbie
If you're not watching rn, you're doing your life wrong.
Rinaldo is shooting blanks. Go
You can't do everything by yourself.
It's really sad how only 300 out of the 800 of us are actually graduating
Cant stop thinking about my dream. I was on the set of tw,not as an extra but as a main character??? Idk was in it to lol
Dro about to become my manger for ball
OMG Go USA !!! Yes we can!
mixed babies are the cutest babies.
Grandma always giving me cash on the down low
single and not being able to do shit
THIS IS REALLY FUCKING PISSING ME OFF.
Lmaooooo iPhones ain't loyal bruh... Tracking ur every move
\"Im a very bad man, im captain hook got that dapper look im bangin bridget after brooke\" -Gerald Earl Gillum
If a 6'5\" 260 solid Russian came and told me ima kill you I'd be scared too.
O Captain my captain!
I forgot it was deebo bday today too . what y'all got on his 40 ?
\": Imma do exactly what i said i would\nbet dat\" yuhh
To be honest, I really don't care I lose friends, make friends and make enemies everyday. Regardless, I'm still going to be me....
Dah black bowy deh nuh good enuh
Happpppy birthday hope you enjoy your day!!!!
I'm scared to sleep I think there's a ghost
Ghana is trying to take us out
Who wants to party at my Rutgers house tonight?!
Who fucking with me I mean besides ya bitch?
I don't want to go to work tomorrow, I just want to go home and be with my loved ones tbh
Anyone wanna go see a movie tomorrow night :33
really don't wanna babysit tonight and tomorrow morning
Jones!! What a strike! Like it was riding a bald eagle into the side netting
Some \"last time on ___\" editors are better than others
portuguese people are so pushy :\/
Hope LeBron stays in Miami but my prediction is NYC. I have nothing to back this up other than gut feeling.
Literally every guy is just shot or straight up weird
Loving my body cream! It smells so fresh and really makes my skin soft post shower!
my god messi
HOE SHUT THE FUCK UP I GOT WAY TO MUCH ON MY MENTAL
Congrats to customer JJ Hill on his Late Model tonight \n
Lol pharrell not with the shits
Can't sleep because all I can think about is tomorrow's game.
If bugs could talk I feel like they would swear a lot
DI MARIA too.
Jason Kidd is probably the biggest dick on the planet right now. Unretire that jersey now!
AHHHHHHHHHHH BODY TO BODY!!!!
so nobody wants to see transformers, ok.
Battle at north is unreal...... South where the fuq is our spirit
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever get out of the single life....
That's a red flag!!! Ghana, your playing dirty!!! World Cup!!
Make me wanna stay up so I don't miss em lol
To nap before the sunrise or to just stay up hmmmmmm
Youre a bitch if you gotta bring in the cops to solve a problem on social media, just remove yourself from social media its easy.
Can't wait until this game tomorrow though.
On that gonna sleep good but not feeling great
I would love to answer a question
Niggas will tell you that's they cousin most likely they fuckin ..
Pogba so unique not crossing his arms lol
Lol this dude just pop
Going to use hardcore starting in July but I'm scared. Its going to judge my juice\/smoothie budget harshly
\"The Giants, whatever they do now, it's the wrong thing.\" -broadcaster Jon Miller, summing up a terrible 9th against the Reds
Fridays game got me stressed out Colombia gotta do what Mexico couldn't letss goo Colombia Quarter Finals !
I think I just saw in iCarly. What is happeneing
Yo the Greece coach needs to leave Brasil.
shared our light with you \neven in the darkest of hours\n\nin hopes that one day, just maybe, \none day the world'll be ours
Someone go to mccune to play baseball with me &amp; halz
Motherfuckers ain't never satisfied with talking to one person.
I remember it. I'm not gonna do it.
I'm looking to get hungover &amp; stay hungover this weekend!!! Who's got the liquor??!!!!!
I think a lightning bolt just hit my house
As soon as Mark Schmidt walked in Dr. Paula screamed \"MARK SCHMIDT\"
My mouth is on fire from these god damn chips
If I open your snapchat and don't respond, it's because I legit look like shit and cannot take a good picture. Don't be offended.
Been up since 4:30 a.m. I'm just waiting for my dad to get out the hospital again..
The Jews took the money and hid it somewhere
caminah hand holding is very important but camren glances are even more important
Bird shit on my car that's that shit I don't like...
If you bother me this weekend I'll throw a fit
And we don't leave soldiers behind same should go for citizens and journalist
Like ok having a crush on a man is great but we all need to embrace what makes us human love ourselves before anyone else and love fiercely
Completely forgot I didnt have pants on and just casually walked out to my car and back
Bey &amp; Jay performing at The ? My body is ready for the slayage. warm up.
After she shared\nher sordid twisted tale\nof how she killed\nher two husbands\nI freed myself\nfrom the web\nof my black widow love\n
That poor girl
i'm trying so hard to hit those high notes in money power glory and it's just not happening
Some girls really be doing the most to show off their ass or boobs
Ronaldo is 5-5 for being a CUNT.
.Todavia me acuerdo mi total sorpresa cuando me dijeron que no era constitucional \"identificarte\" (?)
shitsticles i forgot to delete that post.. oh well
Got to notice I was never problematic just the \" friends\" I associated with back then .
There better be a dunkin donuts in the Detroit airport
You booboo You T'd , turnt out , you thirsty
I always insist on watching HGTV before bed
I can't wait to get married
Just fuckin tell me like fr wtf
ALWAYS ONE TABLE THAT FEELS THE NEED TO STAY FOR 6 HOURS.
Waiting in the dark for someone to come save me. ~
Can it be tomorrow already ?
Hate waking up like now cuz then the rest of your day is ruined since there's not enough hours to accomplish wat you wanted to
Having Tim here during this grad party has kept my same
did Alex's dishes and picking out her outfit. best friend of the year
Hell yes!!! Way to set the tone boys!
I need to go to school now but I'm really comfy.
Give me wings, give me sweet little wings. \/Stevie Nicks voice\/ buffalooooo
That awkward moment when the guy who was staring at me on the train ...was a girl ohokay
It's Monday morning and I would kill for a chance to drive, get so far away from here with you my dear
\"Why are you buying an Audi, just buy a VW\" Why did you buy an Acura, not a Honda, dad?
Ya3ne 3anjad Allah yse3edne bokra b ramadan, kef feye oftar at 9 pm
huhu sa UP lang may STS so pls
Portugal go home
What if she ain got both ? \": If she aine got no ass she got some titties\"
sike nah, he a bitch lol
Would you do this? Staal, Miller, Fast for Thornton with SJ retaining 25% of his salary or in that area (5M cap hit)
icing will be my bff this week
FINAL \nCosta Rica 5 Grecia 3
Last night we caught frogs and now we are racing them HAHA
Yess RT \": Honestly if we snapchat, I'm expecting selfies and what not. Not random things and shit in the backround.\"
When you can't hear God's voice, trust His plan.
Hey I'm pretty sure there's rules against keeping people on a plane for over 4 hours without taking off.... Maybe you don't care???
I want everything to go away
i really dislike this bitch right now man attitude on a 100
Whenever I ft sumi and talk to my grandma in punjabi or Hindi all I hear is sumi in the back going Aba LABA loo lee Shaba laba
Pain is temporary but it will subside
Gotta have respect for honesty and bluntness
BREAKING: Nets &amp; Bucks reach deal to send coach Jason Kidd to Milwaukee for pair of 2nd-round picks. (via , )
It's Sunday already? This week went by quick
I spent a good 2 minutes trying to suck conditioner back into it's bottle bc I thought it was shampoo and squeezed a shit ton into my palm
.wish the project was open source now. I know some people at who want to fork &amp; contribute
Drink my 40 oz of freedom while I roll a blunt cause the kids just ain't alright
I wish once you sent a text you could take it back
If u not a close friend i dont invite u into my home or pass my living room facts
I hate Penalty Shootouts with a burning passion
I don't try for follows cause I know it won't happen so I just be supportive
Was going wide without the deflection ?
Gotta appreciate dollar dog night... Dogs on Dogs
Basically called them bitches
Downloading the Papa John's app on my phone was probably the greatest decision of my life.
Heard a great quote today from my worker: \"Life can only be understood backwards, but we have to live it forwards.\"
We almost knew what love was
If you don't know where it is, hmu
quero pular essa parte da minha vida onde ta tudo mais ou menos
I find it crazy how nature can kill humans
a conversation without emojis, is a conversation wasted
If i could up and leave the country I would right now
Thank God for my sisters netflix account
Can we go to Vegas already?!
I need a new hair style, changing it up
And of course my boo nicki
A beaut, thanks jones. team USA!!
how do i lose weight within 2 months
Woke up on top of a mountain...
Told my dad tone-dawg has been calling him out
Fuck a shower beer. I'm having a shower 40. It's been a long day. Judge me.
I luv you
\"Gentlemen, which brings me to my next point. Don't. Smoke. Crack.\"
Arab Likudnik Fouad Ajami died today.
You know when you actually trust someone but they think you don't lmao. wtf since when is doing cute shit so bad
goddam my cooking makes chef griff look like regular griff
Happy 99th birthday nanny!!!! Cheers to you
\"I don't consider it stalking, rather having romantic walks with only one knowing.\"
Portugal better win. Sorry usa
Oh yess beach tomorrow with the fam and twitterless ramos brothers
Bow Wow should have been trying to Pharrell for a hit
well ive been to the city but only that time square shit
Think i might go to bed a little early tonight
Is it the 4th of July today?
You better foh \": I forgive you lol\"
So it would appear, at least to me, that Twitter got real slow there in the US just now.
Cause where I'm from..we live by the love die by the love
Let him say \"hello\" with that face one more fffffffflipping time &amp; I kid you not heads will roll.
Gotta find me a nice fit girl for that summa time lovin
That should count as a double from !!!! Ole' Ole' Ole' Ole' Oleeee'
Exciting news for professionals and consumers coming out at Redken SDS.
NASA finally gets the old man to see Mirage Island
Yo veo un Vs la final de la Copa Mundial en
These thotties are outta control
My tl is already full of Colombians
(14) Jo-Wilfried Tsonga def. Jurgen Melzer 6-1, 3-6, 3-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
I literally don't even deserve any of this
not sure how to feel about an LFA movie sigh
Bryce Harper. Yasiel Puig punks. Mike trout. Old school class
So funny as to how far some people will go just to show their appreciation and thanks to those who don't even give a shit.
Don't be picky if you don't have your shit together hahaha ta'e
Eff you Avril bring out
FUCK YEA USA!!!!! Were movin on!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOO!!!! Suck it Portugal!
Gonna take a nap cos I can't fucking stand anybody. Bye
Love was clearly invented by a woman. It's crazy, overwhelming, complicated but yet somehow you still want it.
I miss first semester of freshman year, even with the little shit that you have to deal with, it was an easy and fun semester
As a heat fam this is extremely disappointing. The whole team giving up in a close out game, terrible.
Glad Scott actually knows how to fight now
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA Dique \"Tuh real mamadora\" Hahahahah
If you talk shit about my cousin I will personally slit your throat with my nails.
Like maybe 3 gallons a week.
crazy to think after 6 years my baby brother is getting his black belt
nie wiem co robic
at least Preston and Steve are on for the commute
HA Ronaldo is terrible
Jk literally just messaged me when I tweeted that Tf
Dont fuck it up for us Wilson. Lol
My eyes are about to burn off GREAT
Someone get me in n out
My mom's last week of work is this week... Soo how does a family of 4 survive on her last paycheck for the summer... We shall soon find out
You gotta stop gendering things
I know its not smart to buy a brand new car at 22 but i have a bad feeling mines going to shit the bed really soon
Seriously true blood???? How do you kill off Tara in the first 5 minutes of the season?!
Nvm Ginobli is a baller after that dunk
Not too sure why people refer to lebron as the king.
Soccer has some good actors
Mi ma me dice que la humildad nunca se me borra # I love you mom
Ohhhh the ache
My iPhone be like I GO FROM 100 TO 0 REAL QUICK REAL QUICK
Getting Moes because hates Chipotle.
So Bosnia and Argentina would have tied if it wasn't for an own goal. Hmm...
Geeez hedgehogs are so high maintenance
I think I pulled my elbow tendon during my sesh this morn, hurts
Ran into Kenny Russell at the bar haha
Me today: \"how do you say no in another language?\" :silence from kids: \"Tim Lincecum\" they didn't get it
I fucking hate flaking ass people
Shouts out to my cab from last nite tho
I just need to take a deep breathe and relax it's pointless arguing with my parents honestly
Work is so fucking slow this is ridiculous
And i dont know why you dont take me downtown like you got anywhere better to be
USA is 0-14-1 when behind in a World Cup game and have only beaten 2 European teams ever
The sound of this rain is depressing yet soothing
Girl don't hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy..
AND ON TOP OF THAT I AM STARVING
I h8 getting a 5 dollar ft long sub from subway and it comes out to like 9$..
life would be an awful, ugly place if you didn't have a best friend
Derek Norris just got nailed in head again with a follow through. Glad he's ok but he needs to back off the plate a few inches
Ughhh last morning jog. I'll stick to working out on my room floor.
Haven't been tweeting I bearly realize that
Well since my cat peed all over my road \/ shoes, I guess I need a new pair. Suggestions??
I literally had the best time ever!!!! We should sooo do it again!!!
I just found a tick on my wall. I'm done. I'm so done. Moving to Canada bbn.
soccer. america. more soccer! more america!
Kourtney is my favorite kardashian
Have you ever wondered what others think of you? I know I have. I should t care what they think but I always do.
It honestly takes effort to hate someone, so if you're a person who holds grudges over petty shit then yeah I look down on you
I ended up being Persian and dating a black guy. And by the grace of God not biologically related to the scumbag in the first place.
Wow someone is totes lighting up in Central Park right now
Deeply disturbed by the murderous attacks on women in . Justice must be served to those responsible.
76k on break with 26 left. 3rd in chips. 18 paid $2,400 up top
Ayo , He's Really Shot Out smh.
We are people of love. We all have the heart of Jesus. We are all images of him. We must love always.
Oomf got the cakes tho hmmmm !
Algebra : Find x.\nMe: Nope, First of all, Find \"Why\"?\n
\"My deodorant fell apart I haven't worn deodorant in 5 weeks\"
Deadass might only text one person all tomorrow
I don't like saying this but I miss my guapo, best friend. Fuck you Florida!!!
I like too many bands and youtubers it ain't even funny
Que miedo da la de detras de la Pesteban
Just saw everyone and their mothers at the bank (I wasn't wearing shoes)
looking for alaska is one of my all time favorite books if it gets ruined by shitty fangirls i will flip
Really starting to realize that I need to think about my future and my own happiness.
I was really looking forward to getting out of San Jose for a little while....
fuck you but I'd still fuck youuu
That was one of the best goals I've seen
And rachies mom is filling my tank.. Drunk with a full tank. Word
\"Italian restaurant no espresso machine .. Bunch of fuckin lowlives \"
VS . Let's go Chile a ganar!
Put on my polarized sunglass clip-ons (magnets) and suddenly I can see a ton better. Need to remember to wear these more often.
Where have my favorite Gym buddies gone? It feels like we haven't seen each other in ages!
congrats on your insta fame \nknew you'd make it someday
My fake annie lost her mind outchea talmbout \"we don't want anything salty\". Felicia speak for yourself.
Can anyone drive me home from ramtown tonight ?
Everyday I am continuously baffled by the fact and amount of people that proudly display the confederate flag
STOP BLAMING PERFORMERS FOR BAD THINGS THAT HAPPEN AT A SHOW YALL ARE SO DUMB OMG
IM CRYONG SO BADLY I CANT EVEN IM SO PROUD
Is the ab soul project out yet?!??
Awww :D Mi Mario Ta buenicimo Ok? Ok
I meant undercover patriots fan. Nevertheless, motherfuckers gotta chill.
Jajajajajaj el gama imponiendo respeto, quien lo vee
