Ghana jersey type tuff
Little Wayne cut his dreads ?!
That's not a yellow.
when they start having wrath festivals....thats when you should be scared
Wait hold up.... Chief keef really get shot?
Tbh This is not my dad
\": but i still love you akilah\" love you too btch
\"she thinks the US is ghana win\"
The bartender thought Vinnie and are were brother and sister.. Das awkward.
Chris's phone is boomin righ about now
Already getting playlist to drop it like it's hotttttt!
My love for you will never fade away.
I wanna make it good for you 'cause you blow my mind
going to work every night is becoming harder &amp; harder lmgao
I wonder if loves me? ha no he doesn't
-bangs cup on titanium metal cage- Helllpppll I've been dm jailed
looking back at my life from a year ago i woulda never thought my life would be this way thank god it is
I will never say never i will fight.mp3 :)
The only time goodbye hurts is when you know you will never say hello again.
Gossip girl is the reason I don't get sleep
WHAT IS THAT SUPER RAUNCHY ANIME CALLED
Kinda sad that I'm working during the nhl draft
Why could've there be a Starbucks around my job . Pffff
ya talking outfits for Erickson party &amp; I haven't got one yet
His ex TRIED to top me \nHis next Ain't got shiit on me .
My brother and sister gon for if they put this snake on me
It's amazing how much of a babe G-Eazy is
Android L preview makes iOS 7 and 8 look like it didn't try hard enough for their long awaited iOS refresh tbh
WE NEVER HAVE FAMILY NIGHTS WTF IS THIS
J.cole is ode underrated.... Like his lyrics are gold.
It's whatever , no le rogo a nadie .
I hope whoever is honking their horn right now gets slapped in the face for being so disrespectful -_-
Come relax in my hot tub with me
if you don't follow me on snapchat you're missing out on life
NOW THAT'S HOW YOU KICK THE FOOSBALL! Go US Mutant Ninja Turtles, go!
Turn up dempsey
Le dices a mi novia que la amo?
And that's a final 6-4!
It's okay this is the U S of A and we fight back because America
Three days chargerless, just being a savage charging on the go
Chuckie Cheese with the fam!
So many group messages right now. I'm so confused.
Catch me if you can hoe. They try n sack me and I scramble
You really can't just say you were wrong about anything can ya?
I could be wrong, but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war era
When paulie g talking about a mid life Crisis and start bringing just GT500 mustangs.
Oh, FFS. Why the hell did my DHCP traffic suddenly disappear? Looks like the switch is swallowing it.
I just wanna go home so I can go to the gym already
Raymour and flanging is my fav
SCOTUS more like SCROTUM
I got a bad ass headache great
from the looks of my twitter feed i can see that messi is good at soccer
I just poured me a cup of coffee cus im staying up all night I dont sleep that shits for the weak
No one is down to do anything today smh
Give me one good reason you have to walk around naked
Sometimes I hate my phone because all day I've been getting a notification about the amber alert
Me- I love light skins\nVictoria- Jeremy is black \nMe- he was fucking light skin at first
Lol we're going to dinner to celebrate Mexico's win
\"Well I never saw it coming\nI should've started running\nA long long time ago\"
Hope is a dangerous thing
I apparently ashton texted me off of my friends phone? lmao my phone was dead
I see you're still an Oompa Loompa halfway through this summer
S\/O to the sexyy girl in the pinkk at 6 flagss
all nice guys are clingy... and that's why girls like assholes
Fuckin hate Twitter for that
Forget about the curveball, give him the heater.
And the first medley of girls rocked it! What an assortment of characters!
Kissing yo daughter w. Dick all on yo mouth ... \n
Someone like you is so hard to find.
THIS --&gt; RT \": Hope Ann Coulter is watching - that's just the type individual adoration &amp; humiliation she's seeking in sport.\"
I just dont remember seeing anyone lmao
Alll I want is some columbian food shitt
\"lesbians can be very dangerous... it's the testosterone.\"
I can't wait to leave already
I'm drinking a Godiva milkshake en route to an expensive haircut.
Steak burrito w\/ sour cream, rice, beans, guac &amp; pico de gallo plz
everytime i go to island no one is there
I wish I drank more -_- 21 and I barely go out. I need find some good parties x)
Fortunate to spend four days with our partners to being home business from NYC!
My uncle just said \"here we're gonna reload em an then we're gonna get high.\" Hahahaha
The poor mans spain right there
so is being twitter\/ig 'famous' the only line on your resume or..?
FREE Peter Greste, Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed
Your body is heaven and it feels like home and those sweet lips I can never let you go.
I don't cur what they say, I can't quit breezy
Happy 4th of July! Celebrate safely and be sure to eat some !!!\n
I spent the best two hours of my life at a salsa club
I was meant to be born in the 60s!
Everybody wonders where we run off too
Having a party on the fourth text me or Olivia for address or questions
Chances are if you stand behind me and yell \"hey you have a nice ass\", I won't be talking to you
Yesss its fridayyy even though the weekend goes by soooo fast
Wow and u still do the same shit again !
I like that ol school east coast steelo shit Is cool
\"Nobody living can ever stop me,\nAs I go walking that freedom highway.
God fucking forbid something does right with something I am excited about
Procrastinating everything right now
Lmaoooo it says I say \"Nigga\" the most
Gooooooooool yeah baby
Hahaha Annalise poured soy sauce all over her pancake stack HAHA
Does someone want to pick me up at 7255 misson, Daly City. At this Taco Bell. I'm stranded. And have 2% battery left on my phone.
I yearn for to one day hire Roy Keane and Eric Cantona for analysis
\"that was the game\" tweets suddenly fill my tl WITH OVER 30 MINUTES LEFT IN THE GAME and they're probably right! this is why sucks
I know the type of person I am &amp;' that I'll always have God on my side, so I never let anything negative phase me.
This is so depressing
I still haven't picked my favorite Top 20 girl yet
When your at a party and some one shows up and they're like I told my girlfriend I was going to sleep I'm just like damn dude I didn't
How come back when I had thick big assss eyebrows back in the day I was lame and now thick eyebrows is the trend now?? Smh lmao
Just hanging in the car in the parking lot at LGA no big deal not creepy at all...
Hoy no es el dia de con la ... :( Pero el como los mas grandes se levantara.
I actually have a dude advice to get a good shot
All I need in this life is a 12v tbh
Can we skip this work week?
A cop just threatened 2 impound my car because DMV hasn't sent the sticker yet. Too bad I'm not Mexican, I'd have more rights than a citizen
Funny side note, a rather angry and cold eyed NYPD officer had us escorted from Central Park this morning.
I already know today isn't gonna be a good day
you are afraid to die, you're afraid to live, what a way to exist
Oliver Peoples or Dita!?!?! Someone please help me
welcome to the quarter finals Costa Rica
First time in my life I'll be missing the Hamden fireworks
I'm talking shit to a gang of Mexicans on facebook. I hope Mex gets eliminated
If it ain't broke don't fix it. If I say I'm fine, back the fuck up. If it's my business and not yours then stay the fuck out
I haven't worn pants in while
I should feel guilty about this but for some reason Im not
I get so scared and I just push everyone away
Second chances they don't ever matter, people never change.
Quick stop at La Jolla. .luv boutique shopping. . go ahead tempt me....\n.
Wherever I'm at has an Horchata frappe.. Lol challenged accepted
So nobody talks to him or looked at him
Nothing makes me laugh more than people who have no clue what you're talking about, yet assume, so like your shit. Such a dead giveaway
I'm tryna go watch the game at the red bull stadium
butternut squash my balls
Oh shit he just threw down hard
.Great seeing ya, pretty lady!
Postponing the packing process for as long as humanly possible
woOOW actually doing fun things this summer
I've told joe we are watching Iron Man 5 times now and he still doesn't believe me. He keeps saying it's Iron Man 2... Hey he knows
Why invest time and energy into things you don't even believe in? Keep the vision in mind.
Scratch that. The USA game needs to be over already. Cannot handle the stress
Why are we eating dinner at 9pm
You want to chill but you boring af .
watching you storm around in a fluster while i remain calm\/indifferent is literally making me want to laugh
Putting down my phone. Want this to be a surprise.
Goooooooooooooooool Leo Messi score the goal for
Tamara is a friend hopper!
My phones dying and my charger is in my luggage that I don't have
Andrey Kuznetsov def. Daniel Evans 6-1, 7-5, 3-6, 7-6 in the 1st Round of .
Ohhh wait ..... I dont have one of those
S\/O to my homie for commin through today with the comfort
I'm casually walking down the street eating hard boiled eggs... I'm judging myself.
These rubber bands make my teeth like they're going to fall out but I'm not trying to have braces in college
Boutta smoke sum, drink my detox green tea, then hit the sheets
Map my run posted to Facebook without my permission and it wasn't even a good run. I'm humiliated.
I just wana see you strip right now cuz its late babe lmao
what does a boyfriend have that cheese fries dont ?
THATS SO WEIRD KAYLA J WALKED IN AS I TYPED TJAY
The way outside looking idk if my dad is gonna grill .
ROBBEN WTF WAS THAT YOU BALD HEADED PIECE OF SHIT
Like he's really my buddy. Been it that for years
Messi had defenders tripping over each other
- hanayya annoying .
I'm sorry party? OHN Mad fuckin extra
Horrible lil Wayne just horrible smh
I heard the song \"Fancy\" on the radio today in the car atleast 19 times..
I'm going to go sleep at the bottom of the ocean
Writing music is impossible for me without feedback and inspiration to actually write. I'm realizing everything I do sucks. Awesome.
I wonder if Phil is still gunna try to trade Shump for a pick
LA Dodgers Win Just Win. Please
What a freakin goal!!
They just in it for themselves in the end anyway.
Yeah I'd prolly gel my hair before going to the gym but I would be going to the gym so I wouldn't gel my hair
Can't wait for tomorrow. The South and Central American teams have been really entertaining so far.
Uhhg it's gonna take forever to get used to staying up late again now that it's summer
I was a horny lil fucking dude in school
I FREAKIN BELIEVE! ! ! !
Somebody needs to teach these chefs how to make chicken my nigga.
Jones with the equalizer at 63'!
THERE WE GO
Better be prepared when we hit ya!
Today has been one of the best days ever. Such a good reminder that the hate will fade.
if you text me \"come cuddle\" and I don't respond for the entire day I'm just letting you know I don't want to \"come cuddle.\"
They're all in my house
Down 0-3 in the first set. This ain't looking good for my first major on grass...I mean Gabe's first major on grass. :-)
Y ese\n-Que vivan los novios!\nNunca lo olvidare. \n:)
I told her not to say not a nere nuda word
She smells like a daisy, she drives me crazy..
Well she better get with it lol
If I stopped showing up they probably wouldn't even notice....
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LUPIN VS CONAN IS OUT
My mom knows how to make me mad
Everyone hates on the Heat way too much. Hating on success doesn't make you anymore successful
Duncan &gt; Lebron
I won't actually kill him. I just want to make his hat disappear.
Trap like it's '89 rap like it's '98
I heard. That you're. Settled down. That you've found a girl -!:you're married now
Obviously I need to post every time I hear a song from 80's. Tonight, \"You Give Love A Bad Name\" is on in the bowling alley. I love 80's.
All these big teams are letting me down and the underdogs just surprising me
24 is undoubtedly the best show on tv
is it possible for you to talk to more guys or
If you're dating someone don't go calling other guys this and and that.
What kind of job you get, the people you meet are all crucial!
females will do anything to cause some drama.
Paige needs to slap this bitch. I wish I could just magically jump there and slap that thing
Really start treating mfs how I use too
So we can vote for the freaking president, but not drink? Stupid!
Rockaway mall is really nice actually.
CALL ME AND HELP ME STUDY
Bought so much music, and I still have so much more to put on my phone...
Just woke up after sleeping for ten minutes with scratches, bruises, and the worst headache ever.. Wtf
You have over 1000 followers on Instagram but can't get 100 likes
als je valt sta weer op
Kinda pisses me off when niggas read your messages but don't Awnser back if u don't like me then don't text me.
I don't understand this social study shit I ain't with it
I hate doing shit for people and not feeling appreciated
This guy comes to the pool today and the first thing he says to me is \" do yourself a favor NEVER get married.\" Ok
Cam also has revived his franchise and is considered one of the best QB's in the NFL. Both Newton and Luck should be higher
Some people are painful to have a conversation with. How can someone lack so many social skills
I think it's so cute when my dogs get scared of thunder
Yesssss! Favorite all my tweets girl! Lol.
I want to get my septum pierced so I might as well do it
I've been laying on my bathroom floor for ab 42 minutes now bc I can't wash my make up off I'm too tired
i only have to put up with you for 2 more years
Watching &amp; Americans on the ferry are reading The National Anthem off of papers. You're a disgrace to USA &amp; look like morons on TV.
Oh now my uncles here and I'm all tired okay I c u
I think they are a little upset the don't have a butt as nice as yours
I get it mom, but it's my summer vacation :(
My twitter is acting up .-.
\"She give me iq that mean she give me head\"
\"This is a bunk salad. This is probably the saddest salad ive ever seen!\" \nOkay mom..
I really hate when people take forever to text back
Finally some mems about Lebron bitchass
I'm so adding my professor on fb directly after my final. He's young and v good looking
The lead singer from the script grabbed a fans phone and called her ex boyfriend and sang \"nothing\" lmao
I JUST WANT TO BE KISSED UNDERNEATH THE FIRE WORKS IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK WHY
AT a bar chanting USA !
I'm way too obsessed w Scott disick
Gotta keep it on the down low, down low.
the knowing will always be my fav from house of balloons
So excited to see , , and tonight as an early birthday present!!!
$ sixtiesniam $ luv ur acc !!! new fave :D
Why does all my stuff always go missing right before camp?!
Wish things could've been a little more exciting while I was here..
How many times do I have do I have to tell you before you understand
IS ANYONE GOING TO THE ALAMEDA COUNTY FAIR TOMORROW?!!
Bragging about being 17 minutes ahead of schedule is silly if there is no gate to let me off the plane.
My Lord! I pray that whoever reads this post shall have your joy, peace, love &amp; guidance...\n
I wanna see 22 Jump Street tonight
Happy birthday to one of my best friends and a mediocre stage manager at that !!
I can think of so many nicer places I'd rather be than this plane. Like purgatory. Or a funeral.
DID I SERIOUSLY HIT DM LIMIT AGAIN OH MY GOD
Okay maybe I won't eat it. I don't seem that hungry anymore.
Like honestly I blacked out last night
every team I rooted for today lost so maybe I should start rooting for all the teams I don't like and then they'll start losing too
Im getting my fuckin blood sucks out of me by these damn mosquitos and i cant see them to fuckin kill them. UGH.
It has been more than a year since I arrived home from my study abroad trip, maybe I should upload those pictures some time soon.
if you want someone to style something for you please give them the reference that you want the wig to look like.
I text back fast if I really wanna talk to you
Green tea is the perfect chase for fireball. I don't even like the shit but it makes the burn of cinnamon whiskey easier lol
is Backwards?? How you give a Gospel Award out after a LiL Wayne performance??
It's hard to say what it is I see in you, wonder if I'll always be with you
July the fourth be with you.
This nigga always got his and where tf do mine be at? Aye man.
Saw so fucking much tits and (male) ass today
\": I luv homework yes brainpower\" who are you?
(Here's an addendum:)\n- \n- Verbosity\n- Tweets re: My Father's Idiosyncracies
Sometimes you have to make sacrifices like why I'm wearing a Germany jersey on July 4th...
I wish my boyfriend wasn't a little sleepyhead
You really a sus dude if you care whether or not a nigga gay . Why do you care so much about a man having sex with other men ?
Cause nobody's going to steal you..no, for diamonds and gold
I REALLY WANNA GO MEET SHAWN TOMORROW.
I JUST SAW A RLLY HOT GUY EIRH AN NYU SHIRT OHMYGOD
Michael Jordan would have never done what Lebron just did
OMG I can hear that USA chant so clearly!!!
When my little sister wants to lie down with me, I make her be big spoon 'cause I ain't about that life.
Working a retail job has done nothing but make me want to finish college
Driving range anyone??
just need to cry then I'll be good
Especially when there's an older man here on crutches and you're the one saying you \"can't\".
If Virgin Mary had an abortion id still be carried in chariots by stampeding horses
It's fucking time.
es una mezcla entre chimba y berraco.
TAKIN SISTER TO THE AIRPORT SOON UGH
WATER BREAK IS SOME REAL SHIT. STAY HYDRATED FOLKS.
Can't believe the Lakers couldn't find a spot for him in the front office. He's already cooking.
I honestly could live the rest of my life with you
how do people swim with sunglasses on
IT IS ALMOST LIGHT OUT, THERE ARE BIRDS CHIRPING, AND I AM STILL AWAKE
Waiting to enter the church for the Music and Madness concert featuring Mark Lowery. Maria and I are the youngest ones here!
If I had a dollar everytime told me to drive to his house as fast as a nascar America would be out of debt.
De pura cagada ganaron!!!FTW
S\/O to Keyana. I can't wait to get my food lol
Now the are trying to trade Larkin. Wtf
Oh, why wasn't Casilla activated earlier since he was by all accounts ready? SMH.
I just want everything to be okay
forgot how delicious fluff &amp; peanut butter is
Finally finished planning my classes now I can die in peace
Roo's goal! Pulaski takes it from half field, beating a few defenders, to tie the game at 1.
All this talk about the draft is pointless because none of it matters until the actual picks happen tomorrow night.
Boss need to leave me alone
FACT: it's not WHAT you know, it's WHO you know
wHAT IF HE CALEKS NE olol that's not gonna happen bc my just my luck
It's not what you walk away from, It's what you walk away with.
ive been on crutches, arrested,beaten with bats, given concussions, sprayed with pepper gas, hit with nightstick, shot at, take your pick
These villains are kind of boss as fuck!
Highschool was just the beginning. I'll never forget or lose touch with my friends from there but I want to explore and make new ones!
.please troll brand social media posts! It's one of the few things I genuinely look forward to during any holiday!!
I'm going with my we want Moore shirt from today.
Damn 40 secs within the game n usa scored!
Fields with babies in a few
It's an all shades of red kind of day.
Why did I have the craziest dream Shatera &amp; I was fighting these 2 bitches &amp; that shit just wasn't ending lmaoo it was such a drag
Thanks for a great night! Love this community so much. :) Stay in touch!
hate rain . hate to cuddle to hott for that foh
If I were a foreigner, I would probably hate every American due only to the \"U.S.A!\" chant.
Gonna televise The Decision 2014?
Wait danny avila and feenixpawl in the same day at ezoo are 's titties ready.
they way to let everything out it just to Cry!!
I miss dancing more than anything I could imagine
Quite people have the loudest minds!
I can't stop using the word totally
\": you've got to be a forward thinker...\"
Im thinkin about growing my beard out like whose with me?
i hate the sun why don't i live in Washington
damn cuh kicked my nigga in the face
Fuuuckkkk I don't care about soccer.
Story of my life:\nIf a guy acts like he's into me chances are he's only trying to get to Isaiah lolol
Guess who's got an infection for the third time
Just listened to 12 planets set, where the fuck was I for thatt :(
Did US score yet guys
I'm setting these goals to complete. Failure is not an option.
Can't believe I saw Cody two weeks ago and now he's on big brother
The only reason i watch soccer is for the penalty shootouts vs
John Cena will face Randy Orton, Kane and Roman Reigns in a Fatal 4 Way at Battleground.
Erika is leia, is Luke, is Chewbacca and I and Han Solo
Cada Dia Le soy gracias a dios de Camino pa la Cima
why does your pride make you run and hide?
I don't think Leonard gets MVP solely bc he played like ASS games 1 and 2
freaking brooke woke me up now i can't go back to sleep
there is a big gay parade today in nyc.
Have dominos on speed dial. Bitches love pizza.
Gotta be that cold nigga and stop giving a fuck bout people feelings
I save most pictures that I think are funny. It's a good crack up for later you know what I mean?
I forgot what I looked like with black hair
I'm hella juiced for this new episode of top 100 players in the NFL...lol I love football.
Getting my nerd on watching some Star Wars.
It's normal for a female to be pregnant. Js
In the Car melo, we ain't rolling up no knicks
The white roses are phat!&lt;3
Sleeping during the day and not being able to sleep at night &lt;&lt;&lt;
she got cakes but only on her face
I can see this is already over with haha
Just got my ass spanked as performance art thank you or absolving me of my male sins
Holy Shit GI NO BILI !!!!!!!!!
If that was for me well its nothing but the truth (:
We got ourselves a ball game, congrats
\": yeah that's what I'm doing\"how do u like it
This dude needs to shut up about his sister, nobody gives two shits about Ariana Grande
And breanna has ditched me these past two night idk what that's all about
Today I'm grateful for my loving friends and family
This is like the worst series EVER
you're gone and I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind
Ghana winning 2-1 anyway
USA soccer team this year is pretty good
Every passing day it becomes harder and harder to be a Mets fan
Basically Nikko tried to pull a Ray J. Tryin to get rich off sex tape. We see what that did 4 Ray J career.
I've been at the Great escape since 10, now I'm going to snag me some bass
Moving is really a lot of work
En sintonia de Where are you haven't heard your beautiful voice
I don't want it back, want something new
Gonna watch the fault in our stars :)
Dempsey 33 seconds
We won one lost one. Not bad. There's always another game tomorrow!
I thank Buddha that I have Direct TV.
Its amazing how when u lose someone ur mind has the power to remember almost everything you'd normally forget or not think about...
Finished first day of Silicon Valley Beit bidrash
RIP to Beasley's ankles
I'm getting tired of my step mom announcing how much she wants a baby girl in front of me..
Good by cu soon u talk to ha
I can actually afford a crappy car LOL
David Luiz and Thiago Silva literally filthiest center backs in the world on the same team. JESUS CHRIST. But without neymar idk
why would you text me and just randomly stop, seriously one of my biggest pet peeves
shutting phone off just wanna be left alone for the rest of the night plain and simple
That news 12 interview on me was eliteeeee
Putting all pressure on these niggas
\"Hi, my name is Grandma Cobwebs.\" -
I'm going to say is the worst customer service. Shocking but worse than AT&amp;T. You'd think 1.2 B would be spent on customer serv reps!
You're literally a disgusting human being, when will you learn your lesson
Only first period youngin I could relate to math
Just beat tomb raider, gotta say didnt think i'd like it, but it's a pretty legit game
I'm having a serious issue with bras lately. It being I don't wanna wear them.
Ive been blessed &amp; lucky in this life 2 have not only the things I do,but the opportunity Ivehad.i want to get involved w\/
Every van I see looks like one of the kittatinny vans
1 mile run\n100 pull ups\n200 push ups\n300 squats\n1 mile run\n50 minutes... Killed it
you gotta make memories cause life just takes off
I want to go around school taking pictures with random people on Monday
I feel like I legit was just framed for that
I need your grace to remind me to find my own ~
St. Marks Place is fucking mess!
I know you're used to bitches running game, but I ain't playing games.
I actually am outdoorsy
Dnt let someone knock your hustle if they dnt kno your struggle ..
Youth Lagoon is putting me in the greatest of moods
Getting to confident
Today we'll see and lock horns. Can't wait!
Amazing weather right now! I wanna hike, or go to the beach. I get headaches from being indoors all day.
Cab driver try to G me ; dique $16 for a 5 min ride SMD!!
woke up with the worst headache.
Wowwwwwwwwwwww what a goal usa usa usa usa
My ex, had a third threesome with \"one of my friends\"
Lmaoo son why busta rhymes looking like a oversize pack of skittles
My phone keeps wanting to play singing \"Santa baby.\" A little early, don't you think?
I love this show bar rescue
If Pharrell dies, he's gon' be remembered for his hat
but thanks 2 lots of sex w\/ da boyfriend im seriously so comfortable in my body now :~)
My cousin told me her boo got a crazy foot fetish and he sucks her toes while he fucks her lmfao that's some real freak shit
These freakin leaving their carts all over the lot like savages.
The word \"Bae\" is so fucking annoying and the fact that people actually use it and mean it makes me want to vomit
WHY DO I ALWAYS THINK GOING THROUGH SOMEONE'S ASK.FM IS A GOOD IDEA WHEN THE SHIT I SEE ALWAYS GETS ME TIGHT
Yo black twitter is so real we just witnessed a sacrifice
Devious Maids need fi hurry up and start !
You were put in the world to be your own person and I'm here to be my own person so leave me alone bye
Attention everybody: there's a reason behind 's decisions. They'll reveal what they need to in time. Have a little faith+patience
Im a serial killer who only kills doctors without borders and scientists\n\nI like lena dunham just dont ask me to think about it too much
3) when blew out his knee, his leg, and his back from turning up to high.
Whistle blows for halftime with the Roos leading 2-1
So I met yesterday and I'm already in love send help call 911
OMG dis bitch is hella wack frfr
*Sighs so hard lungs turn inside out*
Sre then niga throwbit , cause it go up down
river flows in you - yiruma
Na,I need to reevaluate the bitches I follow.
I'm outside !
always wondered why people would do drugs
Everybody somebody everything no body nothing
Been officially on summer break for an hour &amp;im already bored
Fuck this weather, lets go, someone come have a dance party in my room with me
I'm so upset. I'm going to back to sleep.
Lol I don't see much team heat on my tl
y r u so gay hahahaha
Everybody and their mothers go to GW and no one seems to know
Newt for America from England?
Have to go to the park later, kinda don't wanna go
You sucked the life out of me and walked away like it was morning.
Thanks to for the captain messier shirt I just ordered with free shipping. Can't wait until it comes.
My whole body is now starting to hurt
Its hot asf over here in indio
Being around people always reminds me why I love being alone.
It's really weird, I haven't seen or heard from you in over two years but for some reason you've been on my mind..
Just convinced a man to buy some at ! Good deed of the day. Feeling that pride.
Freaking out bcz me and signed up for the same math class without out even knowing im so happpy maths going to be 100% better now
Vjerujem u bolje sutra \ni u vanzemaljce.
I would like to apologize in advance for everyone who is friends with me and Leah on snapchat. Our stories will be 9000000000 seconds long.
DeBlasio is giddy over the IDC deal. You've been warned upstate: they want to spread the same progressive destruction throughout all of NY.
I'm so stupid sometimes I shouldn't of said that yet.
FT Sac Utd 97 Reds 3 - 1 Monarcas Academy 98 Goals Buchmiller Bellucci Leon Assists Barron Nelson 2
.. please Cam it's all I'm asking for I wanna tell you how much I love you &amp; how much you mean to me please cam x
Can't believe it's been 5 years!
when does the actual show start?
USA USA USA !!!!!!!!!
29 hours without sleep and I promise someone is gonna get killed soon by my bear hands
Too impatient to order things online
Can you just want me like I want you please
Why does KFC have Avery Johnson screaming at the camera about chicken?
I have never felt so awkward at danis house omg ahahaha
Yo . Yes vs is noticeable. If I'm listening through quality speakers or headphones the difference is major.
22 min convo of me talking to brill
are the MMVA's on tv in america orrrrrr
If diego was infront of me I would probly punch him in the throat
Y'all all eat ass talking bout raisin bran, Special K, and Honey Combs are Goat, they trash let alone even edible
Damn thought I didn't have to deal with Ms. O'kane anymore
Bitch ima pick the world up and ima drop it on ya fuckin head, trick
I get so many random cravings it's not even funny
when i was little &amp;went to the beach with my dad he used to make me go up to hot girls and say \"my dad lost his number can he plz have urs\"
Still not over how disappointing Think Like a man Too was
Yes! : Do something for someone else without expecting a thing in return. That's GIVING!
USA!!!!!!! Let's fucking go!!
I love running into people that haven't seen me since middle school because I've gotten a whole lot less ugly since then
But I stilll nelieve portugal will pull thru
When its absolutely possible, its all excuses and when its not possible, its all complains and regrets!\n-W.e
Bitches out here are so confused.
Someone call me Ariana grande again and I swear to god
if you don't even reply then what am I supposed to think
Come back to gca maybe the cake master will come back
Snapchat - AbielTekie. Go to it folks
Memories keep playing back all those night we used to love
Yo this place is approx 20 mins or less from my house. This is real yo
Seriously considering investing in a
I guess I gotta do some drugs to sleep, sigh, dependence
C'mon y'all IN LESS THAN AN HOUR AWAY!!!!!!!
I need to find someone rich to adopt me and support me through law school
I can't ever have fun. Ever.
Last tweet for the next couple of hours ilysm to all the Arianators
I JUST FOUND THE GREATEST APP EVER
today was nice :-)
Happy 4th of July my fellow Americans!!!!
I'm just so ready to leave for Atlantic City to get away from all this drama.
Can't wait until I get out of workk
Seems to be a rash of stabbings in NYC over the last week.
Streets hotter than a 700 fill
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL SOCCER
If your eyes could speak, how would they describe your night?
Michael Bradley just blew it! He \"pussy-footed\" a shot that he should have driven into an open net!!!!!!!!'re-introuble
I knew I should start watching soccer. Actually saw action and get to brag about my country
I can't tell if my moms just really effing annoying or if I've been in a bad mood for like a week...
My family is going to the beach with friends today and i get to sit here at the repair shop then go to football practice.
Street hockey today was the start of something great.
Do you really have to hustle if the lords got a plan?
Welp guys my weekend was great llol hbu?
Maybe I should actually put makeup on and get ready for the day.
Ok I do need to get in the shower tho
Yeah Malia id do the same \n
CALM DOWN OVER ASHTON LUKE CALUM AND MICHAEL BEING NEAR GIRLS. YEAH IT KINDA HURTS BUT ITS NOT LIKE WE ALL ARE GOING TO DATE OR MARRY THEM
Just left a foot and body massage...
enjoying ed sheerans new album so much(-:
I just want to start my next chapter in life already. I want better things than this.
That nightmare was not necessary at all
Damn these freaken cupcakes in my house. I keep eating them before dinner.
!!! CLUTCH!!! Oh man, hahaha what an upset this is turning out to be.
This song always reminds me of us cruising
Felicitaciones a Costa Rica!!! Congratulations to Costa Rica!
\nI haven't moved from this couch the entire game.
what a goal
I guess when the one person u could txt at any hr of the night isnt there... u pray to the one person who never leaves ur side.
Pues se va una de las pocas que merece la pena
Just finished watching \"The Skinny\" it was an amazing movie. Developed a crush on character
Yall really still do tbh on instagram smh
It's a Good Charlotte kind of day
drunk af &amp; sad af ... like why !
\"What ever happen to David Beckham\" maria might be half retarded
This broke nigga needa shut up lmao
Great plays, crowds into it. Kawhi and the Spurs are in it. Great weather for a championship.
What a great
I thought the end of the work day would never come. Just another step closer to Everfree. Just hope I remember how to have fun. :P
I don't ask for much from a relationship- just be yourself, loyalty, consistency, and when we both have time - let's spend it together.
Every time I'm back in New York it's like I really don't belong here
I rather smell like weed than cigarettes tbh...
Ended my right with a video of 70 perfect Stan Wawrinka backhands. I'm sure and would be proud
Listening to these two youngins from Princeton &amp; Dartmouth trying to outsmart each other on the train. I WANT TO SLAP THEM BOTH.
If you use a ringtone you are too old for technology
I dnt get why girls get mad at the girls that their BOYFRIEND hits up like whaaaat? your gonna stay w him anyways so why even bother.
ai Julho, vai ser o melhor mes de sempre
Morgan: Why do they even have a park here?! Nature: EWWWWW!
Wait but freaking the fuck out at the fucking MOUSE ON MY FUCKING WINDOW SILL. NOTHING SAYS WELCOME TO NYC LIKE THAT SHIT BYEBYEBYEBYE
In order to move on, you have to just not care
It :) kills :) me :) that :) you :) don't :) like :) me :))))
YESSSSS!!! CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!! FUCK YOU PORTUGAL
That moment when youre excited someone texted you but really its just ESPN telling you the Astros got shut out
I make zero attempts of getting out of hell Lmfao
It Gets Darker Every FUCKING Day... Thank You Shirls... Got Ppl Believing Me When I Say Im An MMA Fighter..
I need to do something fun tonight
\": If you put in the work, the results will come. -Michael Jordan\"
YO where's my paycheck it was supposed to be here two days ago I am furious
Moving back home guess that was a nice week away
Uncles going 100 and I don't even feel it
My Dad: \"The key to driving in Cali is don't kill anyone; thats bad...\" *continues singing made up tune...
Goalllllberg the Goalie
Tap on my window, knock on my door.
\": CORY IN THE HOUSE IS ON RIGHT NOW ON DISNEY CHANNEL\"good look
Jordin sparks you look beautiful!!!! Wiggle for us
I just want some chocolate chip cookies, some butter pecan Haagen Dazs, chocolate cake, a large Domino's pizza and a Dr Pepper. Nothing else
Can't get much better than seeing jersey boys in the Ziegfeld theatre in New York
Thanks but I was trying to reach you last week because I was at your museum last Saturday. It's too late.
I can literally break my iPhone screen off into pieces... This could be bad.
I miss getting random pictures too.
Just saw someone wearing a shirt for Taylor Momsen's band. Nor Cal is fuckin' up today.
I say like way too much
I still think my moms in awe of me doin my own laundry for the past 7 months
\": Date outside your race. You might like it\" YASSS
But whenever anyone ever needs me ... Nvm
YES!!!! USA USA USA!
Wow RT : This I think not me. RT : RT latry: I only take STD test in jail. I like all my bad news at one time
Yah know what, today was a pretty good day
My fear of going away is ridiculous
TL is straight BET awards commentary right now. Didn't know I was in black Twitter deep like that.
Being drunk texted is literally the most annoying thing in the world
When I'm exsausted . And the lights keep going in and out . Yeahhhh that's cool
They also bring back bad memories
My Supervisor Was Literally In Tears Every Time Mexico Scored.
\"I don't want some janky fresh water bitch fish\" \n -schmit
Accident cleared in on I-15 NB before Oak Hl Rd stopped traffic from Cleghorn Rd, delay of 60 mins
Top of Neil Gaiman's head looking spectacular. Can't believe the stuff that allegedly goes on at the edge of dark forests.
ha I'm getting some great embarrassing pic from this group chat
Can someone tell me which of these teams are in the world? cc
I just heard this King Los Verse &amp; started to cry because there was no reason why he had to body it like that
You just threw me so far into the friend zone I can't even see light.
She got her own house! She got her own car! Two jobs, work hard she a bad broad!
Let's have a toast for the douchebags,\nLet's have a toast for the assholes,\nLet's have a toast for the scumbags,
The Spurs are just too good. Should have won last year, revenge is on this year
Damn I left my house with under 20% battery
Every part of me is fighting the urge to venture to the kitchen because once I start eating, I won't be able to stop
Best i ever had
So tight rn and everything is pissing me off
I just miss my mom.
I'm awesome at snapchat if you're exclusively interested in pictures of my dog
Ready France vs Germany! Should be an interesting game!
I'm glad you wanna hangout , jkkkkkkkk
My consciousness is slipping away from this world
Damn when was the last time I actually tweeted something? I promise I'm alive
Transformers was awesome :).. to bad my original babe didn't come out this movie but Mark wahlberg did a good job!
i hate how on the days I open I never get any sleep..
When you take a chance and it works out :')
These bug bites on my legs are the size of golf balls
WE STILL IN THIS!!!
Just have to make it through this chem test and then it'll be summer and I won't have to give a shit
My skin doesnt peel. I shed like a fuckin lizard
How I'm going to make it through a 12 hour shift today is beyond me.
For the Lord is the Spirit, and wherever the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.\n - 2 Cor 3:17 \nHappy Birthday America and God Bless
Kay she stopped, the pukey feeling is going away.
Spain bows out of WC yesterday, but Rafa begins at Wimbledon today. Solace for Spain.
Pussy ass bitch ! Lucky I ain't even an hour away !
Pretty sure I know more about the galaxy \"far far away\" than I do about the Milky Way galaxy....and yes I watch Cosmos
lmfao I used to hate those porcelain dolls my mom had
Seth Rollins Came out the ring with that HHH and talking Shit
Take it back, not when the pool is frigid
Live by the 3 F's Family futbol and friends.
\": Keep your goals out of reach, but not out of sight.\"
Lol watching this world cup is interesting
We can only improve our lives to the degree with which we remove ourselves from negative emotions.
Young Rich Nigga Flippin da Work like a CheerLeader
Just saw a New York liberty commercial
Keep sayin yous a freak you gonna prove it or nah
My initial reaction to seeing anyone in public is to walk faster and avoid eye contact.
- &amp; Yo Pues Yo Me Ire A Ver Una Movie.
the in and out kid was being gayy
I want everything to be fixed
Why was I not informed of ? Dis bish needs one badddd
Who wants to eat hot pockets and watch sailor moon with me and ?
GET THE FUCK UP
Officially wearing a T Shirt to graduation and looking better than 98.3% of the niggas there.
Sport is higher scoring than I remember, maybe I'll start watching more
Damn waking up sucked lol
I'm a simple man; all you gotta do is put a drink in my hand
Ima Just Start Violating People Again Until I Feel Better
Sue: \"Yea..\" *snorts*\nMe: *serious voice and face* did you just snort? \nSue: *serious voice* yea...\nUs: *Busted out laughing*
I need a punching bag or something to just beat the fuck out of. Kick it, throw it, punch it etc. Need to take out some of my anger
I love Oakland California so much
A ver pues yo tampoco he visto mucha gente en el concierto hay mas gente en las verbenas de los pueblos que viendola
Btw Clint Dempsey is already a DILF
Just experienced a psycho with road rage so bad that we had to call the cops. Wtf people are insane
Im probably the only person in the US to have not watched Frozen all the way throufh
Sometimes I wish I can just restart everything and start new
My mom &amp; this happy song yo
There is so much to be grateful for and one of the reasons is you your my heart and my soul and don't ever think ill take it for granted
Eminem OD'd on that \"calm down\" song
Dads gonna teach me how to drive brb pray for us
Who is the most hated person on the ? \n\n\n\n\n
I need there to be a female equivalent to . Shemance?
Well my opinion on Duda is slowly starting to change
Yo me estoy muriendo de ambre
do you think about me still or do you not think so far ahead?
If you're feeling down about a certain situation just ask yourself, can you survive the aftermath?
I have the most weirdest dreams with the most random people
I haven't had caffeine in two days and I can feel the withdrawals. DAMMIT CAFFEINE ADDICTION.
When couples hardcore make out at my job
It 2am Im still up smh
Not saying all of yall hoes but, yall know what yall do isn't right lol
I've said it once and I'll say it a million times. If you don't leave my boyfriend alone, there will be problems.
Oh shit Greece ya just fucked up
If you can watch an entire Game of Thrones without closing your eyes... You definitely can be a surgeon. Dream big, people.
like diddy said to the mf's that don't understand you, they wind up hating you
Azam khanoom whom was Soulymankhan's wife lost it, when Soulymankhan was gone?
Went from having 650 followers to having 915 with in 20 min... Wtf is going on??
I was never out all hours of the night. When I needed to be home was established depending on what I was doing really.
Trying to understand what scenario it's appropriate to have a full-on catch-up call with a friend on speaker phone
The bigger the thigh gap the looser the vagina
Since the just ended, I'd like to point out college baseball would be more entertaining if they used wood bats..
Do you know what it's like to be partially blind?
You wanted to understand what it is to fly.
don't want to fucking leave Cornwall wtf
I just want to care for someone else
where are we supposed to swim @?
I feel like any moment that thunder is coming back to take my life again
He pulled one of his hamstring!! This is not good.
Can't wait to go live with in Florida!!!
It's 6:29 I've been up all night and all I been hearing is people walk around down stairs active for the past hrs. Wtf go to sleep niggas
Any 4 more followers to reach 800 for my birthday? :)
I have no idea what's going in rn..
need to burn the bridge &amp; walk away
HIS NOSE IS BROKEN NO DOUBT
it's literally impossible for me to sleep with pants on
I just confessed to Hector and it was the most hardest thing for me.
I don't even have to ask my mom if I can get piercings anymore I just tell her I'm gonna get one and she let's me lol
I love watching Miami lose
Maybe I'm too busy being yours to fall for somebody new
Of your not going to the drive-in after graduation you suck ass
My grandma saw me snapchatting and now she's downloading it dear god
I really can't wait to catch up on sleep
ok ec is working with me on the non-matching issue thankfully. ;A;
Why the hell did I listen to my guidance consular and take regents chem why would I do that to myself
Sometimes all the support you really need 2 make it happen, is for you to believe in yourself....
I would kill myself if my mom gave me a curfew. tybg for my mom
si fuiste amiga no echas en cara NADA para algo estan las amigas, para bancar la cabeza, para escuchar, para todo eso
I see Mariner prospects are hanging out with Seattle Seahawk players.
I'm currently planking
Everyone needs to download Making. What you buy matters.
If I see one more cute couple pull into this parking lot I'm punching myself in the face k
We deff Tryna put DE on the map with this music shit..
New theme music for &amp; ...
I'm done with everyone right now
\"THIS! FOLLOW ME &amp; EVERYONE ELSE THAT RETWEETS THIS FOR 250+ FOLLOWERS FAST! #
\"Do not handout stocks like lottery tickets\" CEO
My mom pissing me off. Like leave me alone it's summer
All i can do is focus on my work to distract me from the hurt
Ok , let's have fun out there and score some goals.
\"What flavor do you have?\"\n\"Its blue.\"\nNo janiece.. it's chocolate
I wish my twitter would automatically unfollow people who unfollow me
First half us was rattled..second half Portugal doesn't look good.
Y lo mejor que encontre para ver fue high school musical jajajaj :(
Except the new me an forget the old me
Time to start my Twilight Zone flow
Gabi Wilson sounds nice *goes on youtube*
lololol I'm sooooo happy I'm single
Made it home 2 minutes before the game! Let's go
GEOFF JUST CALLED CRAIG A TIME LORD.
Zipcar sure charged me a hefty fee for returning the car about an hour late. AW HELLLL NAW. &gt;:(
Netflix is whack idc what anyone says
Oh na na why you gotta act so naughty
I need to use the potty rn!
Germany better not pull some shit like that against France
Has he got enough money to spend...
I don't feel bad at all now lol this is actually great
Let me not even suggest it before I get a smartass response
bout to nap on this couch
I really feel like can't nobody say I did them wrong.
Manu can still dunk like that???
Got really honest on my Facebook. I want people to know me, truly know me.
Lebrons not even walking down the court anymore, what a sore loser
Tell her to shut her mouth and ill leave her alone, if she don't stick to the script then imma just keep goooin
Constantly changing my avi. I get bored you know?
Rewatching I have to say, I didn't exactly see Tara killed. Hmmm. Holding out hope
It's so funny how quick you see who someone really is when times aren't perfect
Omg I think im in love ... And i hope you dont know i have twitter LOL ;) ... Maybe is only the champagne haaha
Family Reunion tomorrow im bouta be going in high as fuck
I started watching orange is the new black because I heard there's a Velvet Underground song in the soundtrack, good reason? Meh
I need to get back in the gym
Why do I have separation anxiety
Or that's ya nigga but you not his girl
Thinkin about quitting social media until World Cup is over
I need someone to show up at my house with a cannon and just make me forget about this shitty day
Sometimes I dream bigger than I live, Sometimes I think better when I'm lit
I'm so excited to scare Jordan rn it's not even funny
Lets go on a picnic \rI'll make sandwiches and Quesada's
Pop Deserves It All ..
Freak athlete but risky indeed RT \": I know he's all risk...but Zach LaVine is my favorite prospect in this year's \"
Lemme do me a favor n stop doing you favors
If the govt can mandate a particular product or service, can they also mandate which company you buy it from? (crony capitalism)\n
Guys, I'm at the wharf playing happy hour at Castagnolas and guess who's back?!?!? :(
Costa Rica out of the \"Group of Death\" and eventually In the quarters.. Who woulda thought. Congrats to them
My attitude really sucks . &amp; im trying to work on it
I hate this family ommmmmmmmfg
Was it something i said !?
If you need computer help use Google first, then ask others if you can't find the answer.
What to do today in the rain
Coconut vodka and orange juice yum
Value your time and those who you spend it with; life's a lot shorter than it seems
DID PURPLE FISH EAT MY CIA BFF WTF NO
And I know keyshia seen my tweet
I'm rude to some ppl , the thing is idgaf...\n\nAt All ...
\"I hate looking down the street and seeing fabulous people\" - Jacob
Do we go in at regular time tomorrow?
Just realizing I don't have a favorite food, favorite color, or favorite genre of music. Huh.
2 On sounds like a Cassie song.
PeteJoe is mad hes not invited to a fake festival
C'mon where's that announcement for the rematch!!
Smoking a blunt by myself thinking. About a lot of big things.
Chris Jericho and Aj Lee returning tonight!
Roll Tide\/War Eagle is on ESPN. Can't believe I got to cover that rivalry for 12 years. What an honor.
\"You broke your banana!\"\n\"You did break your banana...\"
Cut two of my knuckles open on a sheet of glass today, but really it looks like I was in a low key fight
I'm really upset that my dad won't buy me Dino chicken nuggets
I need to find Atlanta twitter since I'm moving n all
Sophomore Goal : Pass the cahsee the first time !
I can't believe that I'm still up right now...
Havasu without bri means cold world. Jk it's gonna be turnt.
The person who implied I was saying we vote on --&gt;
Stop making a big deal out of the little things
Ugh I hate this nail polish because it takes fucking forever to dry but the color is so pretty :((((
I've never seen someone look more determined than Arjen Robben is right now
But why am I so sick..
Great weather for the Yankee Game!
I will never for the life of me understand soccers offsides
Nice eyebrows... Crayola or Rose Art?
Fell at work. Thought I broke my foot thank god I didn't. But missing the Bruno Mars concert I was suppose to go with my mom too. Bummed.
Why am I awake I have to wake up at 10
Every blessing seems to come with a hater.
Everyone is fraud
Stone is totally watching with us right now.
Even if my day is going bad, you always make things better. \n
I can feel the staleness in my hair
You're nothing but a whore put you're tits away.!
So why did Gkeka take that shot instead of Samara??
I have tomorrow off yay! Pride time!
Still can't believe that Raleigh Ritchie is Greyworm -- my kinda renaissance man
Well the smile she got makes me a go-getta
\"Wtf let go of my hair!\" \n\n-every white girl 3 seconds into a fight
yo I can't plan to sleep in for my life
Just don't want to cry anymore..
I adore a good looking woman but now if your values, thoughts and ambitions don't match then WE don't MATCH
They've been hurting but today they're a little better(:
Females always go back to the same dude that played them. LOL @ you, have some self respect ladies
my mom is soo corny I have to laugh at her dumb jokes.
Yeah some things just never change
Slow net. Reset modem, now connected but no connectivity... What the marf?
this pain killers really knock a playa out......
there's no point in crying anymore, you just gotta suck it up
when familiar faces are tagged in friends' fb pics, it's like \"wait! i've unintentionally stared at you in mojo!! you don't remember? what?!
New generation iPhone is bound to come out sometime this year. Is this why my battery life has taken to dying after 2 phone calls?
You don't fuck with hispanic grandma's bro
Todas las cosas que haces con humildad y fe en Dios , siempre te van a salir bien
Wow I Really Used To Be Soooo Skinny. Niggas Looked Sick Lol.
A best friend is someone who goes to beach with you at night and stays there till 1am just talking lovin lol
I don't really utilize my air miles like I should
Nick cannon is officially the lamest dude alive homie came out looking like afro samurai !
Sample sales are crazy niggas really going nuts for stuff that really ain't even on sale
Spent half an hour watching YouTube videos of animals with babies and animals making funny sounds instead of doing my quizzes.
i have a weird thing about holding hands
I would rather drag my face on pavement than go to work tomorrow
I need to know how hard the writers are committing to demon!Dean before I decide to invest in this season. I like dark things, guys.
this nigga been holding the blunt, telling a story for past 15mins.
Fellow users, do any of you use Google Hangouts like texts? Why or why not?
When I die fuck it i wanna go to hell\nCause im a piece of shit it aint hard to fucking tell.
I don't love you like I loved you yesterday
thanku spencer for wripping open my fresh tattoo
Johnston is running thru income trends, comp pkgs, gender gap, and the depression v. recession.
My right hand is itchy, that means I'm going to find money
annoyed ain't even the word rn, I'm so tight rn
You think you fly??...I feel Like A Pilot Myself
This is wow
I don't get it
Having a barber in the family is straight winning
Lol during my h.s days i showed niggas fat niggas get juss as much love as everybody else do lol
wtf is lil Wayne wearin
I love giving orders. My favorite is \"Another one. And make it a double.\"
It'll take a lot for me to be in a good mood right now
And Costa Rica gets it done!!
I'm finally on the right train but I'm still mad.
They them boys
She rubbed her feet against mine and I almost vomited fukc that bruh it was such a buzz kill I'm hella sad
I been getting pussy where tf you been
I have a strange love for the show Wilfred
I can't stop watching Playoff Playback. Watching the trounce the hasn't gotten old... and prob. never will.
House of cards is soo good!
Fucking pissed off as fuck
Actually wouldn't mind spending all my money at the Vans store
I still love i still love i still love
Hookah tonight? Who wit da shit?
And I just changed my mind now, I'm staying in
Celebrities and actors age twice per every year we age. How North West already 1? I swear I was Zack and Cody's age them niggas like 23 now.
Walking past a couple and hearing one of them say \"you ruined my life.\" Good conversation.
tenemos el Gooooooooooolllllllll de la honra jajajaaa y la metio el numero de la suerte el yeiiiiiiiii
I just might have to purchase bravado, Lordes' voice is amazing; hope the industry doest ruin her
I love close to stater brothers jk I live by hwy 74
I was looking forward to it but not anymore
BUT YOUR DAD DOESN'T EVEN HAVE AN INSTAGRAM
What a shot!!!
you could hear the crowd moan when Ronaldo got the ball
Mitt resa skulle ta 18 t o 3 min, den kommer nu ta 57 t och 42 m, partyyy
somehow i managed to break both my salt and pepper shaker at once so that's fun
I'm so glad I'm not a picky eater
que agotado estoy :(
Tim lincecums facial hair is what my facial hair would look like if I grew it out.... Fucking retarded
Getting so pumped for this France and Germany game in a few minutes!
Wearing a light pink tank and forgot it was pride parade todays gonna be a long day
What would happen if I showed up to \"Bowditch middle schools annual reunion\"
Yeooo why are you so fucking ugly lmfaoooo
Oh Shit I Just Remembered I'm Going To Vegas This Weekend!!! LA &amp; Vegas!!!!
o papa j fazendo amizade com o big rob kkksjskkk
I cut anyone off before I get an emotional connection with them, I don't and will not ever let myself get hurt the way I once did.
About to go to homegirls house aka Aliyah's :*
Happy Fathers Day, Tywin Lannister.
USA too relaxed rn
\"Can't trust a bitch who doesn't smile with her teeth\"
I don't need a hoe, that's what the hoe don't get
Djokovic just has the experience of a champion. will definitely be back. That was fun. Now for the main event.
Whereever you are, you focus on God so you would not think about yourself.
would love to see a analysis of whether the team with the better goalkeeper has an advantage in penalty shootouts.
Messi finally scores a goal
I never watched my team take pk's I'd turn around til it was my turn
wouldn't be mad if someone texted me
The moment when it's colder on the bus then outside!
I just feel like this is going no where so I'm done with ittttt
Y'all gotta read it in a funny British accent though, Pels is doing it lmaoo
Shame on you shame on you
Ard well, stay on here and keep \"snapping\" lol have fun
Song just pulled out a hatchet and stabbed that guy in the back
What the fuck Poussey doin in a pay pal commercial? God damn it Mackanzie.
6 who has made us competent to be ministers of a new covenant, not of the letter but of the Spirit. For the letter kills,
\"Is that what you want to do with your life? Suck down peppermint Schnapps and try to call Morocco at 2 a.m.? That's pathetic, man.\"
Wish I didn't have feelings this would be so much easier..
PSA my tweets have been from various coworkers
when's the last time I felt your lips on mine?'
Tryna go to the gym tm who wit it
I wish the US had that type of nationalism for their team as those European and Latin American countries
Siempre se puede ser mas resentida.
I'm sorry Miami lol
Bone thugs &amp; harmony- crossroads will always be my shit even if half the time idk what they be saying lol
Lets go spurs
I see them looking at my woman
All you gotta do is just say yes!
My nails r not black. Idk how I feel
It's on Fox News of course it's true
Correction: we are losing 3-0. Still the 4th inning.
number 8 in the got NAILED
A lot of snitch niggas caught a lot of real niggas cases
Im just not in the mood to watch OITNB but Im gonna force my self to.
USA !!!! USA!!!!! Hell of a game here
Gotta be up in like 4 hours haha
Two thumbs down for having the hiccups right now
Everyone one warned me but I didn't want to listen
The only night im with nun of my niggas. Ha
WTF BRUNO ALVES
I hope kirell come Today.. haven't seen my Bestfriend in a while
Sometimes we lose and sometimes we win
A LUA ME TRAIU ACREDITEI QUE ERA PRA VALER A LUA ME TRAIU FIQUEI SOZINHA E LOUCA POR VOCE AAAA A AA A
Why can't you just accept that you're wrong sometimes
Let's see how pride goes ..
Ice cream needs to be in my life rn
The urban dictionary has just changed the meaning of \"fwb\" (friends with beneits) to mean someone who will pay for your Obamacare costs!
I just want the simple things
HOW THE FUCK DOES FREEDOM TASTE
I'm really in bed right now lmao
Danm this too early and way to fucking long
You know it's bad when your friends say \"you can do a lot better\"
Who's trying to run the board walk
Lmao kyrst is so cute..\"ash, the first time you smoked a cigarette did you feel like a rebel?\"
What kind of fuckin human doesn't like bacon on egg sandwich
It's crazy how there are so many people out there that I haven't met yet
Cant wait to get my tattoo, finally aha
My God I feel fucking old sitting here at graduation for my little sister
Yaaaaaa Dempsey is back
When ur gone stay gone ...don't complicate it ur gone u made that choice now keep it that way lay in the grave u dug for urself I'm done
I'll temporarily forget Team Europe today: COME ON BOTH THE 'GERIAs!
mafe le marca como fav a todos mis tweets jajaj q pretendes chica
This nigga wearing uggs or some shit lmao
You fucked with the wrong bitch today sir have fun explaining this to your supervisor
Everytime I see jake I remember how much I hate him
I think all guys are the same but guys always say there's good ones out there... Well, they sure as hell don't come to me then....
\": i aint even ready to go\" don't leave wahhh
That's it fire them all and somehow get Cano back
I think CALUMS tattoo on his inner elbow says \"skywards\" ITS SO CUTE I Want to know the reason holy
So so so HAPPY!!
I mean I'm getting sushi so I don't think this is technically a bad situation
It should have poured starting at 6:45 pm tonight n rained hard through :) hopefully we'll get to the As b4 the game ends
OMG! I'm finally watching Ishtar.
it comical how ppl think lifeguarding is hardcore when in actuality I get paid to sit on the beach and tan for 7 hrs a day
I could really use a friend right now
The love of thee, tis thee end of me
New York what is there to do tonight?!
I literally ran around the block in the rain, and busted ass.
I absolutely hate seagulls
During the World Cup game, mom- \"are we in the white jerseys or the red\/white\/blue jerseys?\" Hmm tough question
being hungry and running on 3 hours of sleep is not a good combination
If we dated I can't see no fault.
So much to learn but I already love wat I know about you
Knew it was bad as soon as it happened
After a long day it's always good to hit the gym to let loose of all the stress
Shits just not the same anymore
How did that even fit in my ass? I'm fucking impressed!
these niggas make it so hard to b friendly when I know part of it's envy
My phone has decided to put PagerDuty on speed dial. :(
lol @ how I had to get Starbucks &amp; paused the tv so when I get back home I'm gonna be 30 min behind
Bored to the point where im playing with FL Studio trying to make my own music
Having no wifi is literally worse than having your toe nails removed with pliers
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
Then I was told that I was too old not to have a bf... Don't you just love kids?!
watch Nash Grier vids. Stopped cutting thanks to him
i think i fell in love with a porn star
Romeo and Juliet is a great love story to aspire to, Andi! Oh wait everyone dies in that one...
Pussy ass tits and more ass
I mean it must have been so beautiful. I cried while receiving the Eucharist.
Spotify is about to take over my life
is trending big. You'll see by refreshing a lot
watching catfish and they're in murrieta.. I LIVE IN MURRIETA \nI feel famous
Do the forget you gave up the whole team to get him and now you goin to let him c'mon MAN!!!
I'm tired as shit but I cant sleep.
i really owe myself a trip
Feel like I've known those fools forever when we only meet that day! haha they were some real ass vatos haha
THAT GOAL THOOOO
fuck mcdonald's for never having ice cream :-(
I love how meme always spells my name exactly how it is : Le'Quis
He doesn't introduce you to his friends.
But I ask: Is America truly free if one must go to the East River to see the sky explosions? No, I say. No it is not.
and then hang his right hand in between his legs
Idk why people hit on me at the gym
You leave the same, so quiet and patiently, i'm lost without you
Life is so boring for me it's not even funny.. If I had money I'd be out of this town and exploring!!
\": Does the World Cup happen every year?\"lol
I hate eggs but I'll still eat them
Nevertheless, I don't mean to burst your bubble. But girls of the world ain't nothin' but trouble.
! How many of you have 's new album 'x' and loved our iHeartRadio Album Release Party w\/him? Tweet !
the more i like u the worse the snap chats get
I make jokes all the time about shit like this... I think I'm finally realizing how wrong it is.
I dont think god will be with you colombians if you guys keep on saying hijueputa after everything you say..
where friend ships are made
Chow fun is my ultimate favorite noodle.
Friends of ours said instead of giving them a wedding gift we should donate to Oxfam. Not sure what Oxfam wants with a gravy boat, but ok.
*likes ur selfie to let u know I'm dwn*
When you realize 99 percent of these blogs put anyone on, you save your stuff for bigger stages.
Lets fucking gooooooooooo
Shut up !! Stiles needs to be with Lydia, ok? Ok.
Buying blue dream in time square was the highlight of my night
Suck a nigga, fuck a nigga then go run they mouth quick
Leaving penn state for a semester was a terrible decision
ADD ME ON SNAPCHAT nicole_desi4 old one got deleted! !?!?!
Churches should feel more like the waiting room for a doctor &amp; less like a waiting room for a job interview - via
I cant even go running at our beach anymore. We made to many memories there.
: an exercise in drinking beer but pretending not to have to pee b\/c you're in such an engaging convo you don't want to leave
If you're having a bad day, just know that my hair feels like Cheetos at the moment
Get to see the wonderful tomorrow :D
*Clinton enters stage*\n\"Monica Lewinsky tho! Fuck er right in the pussy!\"\n\"I did not have sexual relations with that woman\"\n\"Y not pussy?\"
Uuuyyyyyyyyyyyyyy USA con un hombre meno
I JUST HEARD THAT STATEMENT AGAIN~ THAT HARD WORK NEVER KILL ANYONE AND I REPEAT~ WHERE'S THE GUY NOW ~ THAT FIRST MADE THAT STATEMENT
If you can go all day without talking to me then you don't like me as much as you think you do.
Just finished my workout season and im beat
What is me &amp; cori gon do on the 4th?
Do you still say the Spurs play boring basketball?
Liked the fact that mainstream debs attended all a11y talks and asked questions about their apps.
Anna just sent me a video of her singing who wants to eat her ass
SHS shoe game wished me a happy birthday.
Mr. Weick is really the man
31-10-5 like don't tell me that he didn't try to carry this team
Thinking back to the days\n days it all made sense,\nWhen you could breathe \n as easy as you could\n see...
\"HOLLANDA VA APROVAR EL CHILE NACIONAL!\"
GINOBLI YUNG SAUCE!!!!!
3 in the monin get it poppin in the parkin lot \n\n
I try not to judge basics but dude just why
I'm guessing those are your favorite animals ?
I can't believe my tummy hurts.
I gotta buy some bored shorts!
Brave () on San Francisco. &lt;333
WE WANT THE W!!!!!!!!!
Honestly all the past Disney stars are amazing. Mostly Miley but also Demi and Selena. Don't hurt me.
In any case, we're moving there! To Oakland, that is. Found a nice home by Joaquin Miller park.
Someone come to Disney with me ...
Wooooo! Costa Rica deserved that win.
LETS FUCKING GO DEMPSEY
That Kertmit the Frog shit gotta go
I hate when a girl IG is just full of selfies and pics of herself . Bitch, you're conceited .
Does anyone remember when John Gotti used to do a big 4th of July celebration every year in his neighborhood?
My last tweet was too aggressive. Had to delete it. Too much for y'all.
If you have just 5min with an important person write down ur ques on 3x5 cards&amp; they choose what to answer-
U tried abusing her n call us pussies cuz we were gona handle it?Clearly you never fucked with rednecks before!
Na I know the bro ain't just have 61 @ in
Ummm work today 11am-11pm, then work tomorrow at 8:30am. What is my life?
Nylander is gonna be nasty
\"I call her my bowling ball because she needs 3 fingers\" Hahahahaha
Everytime I'm upset I just think about that time some guy saw me basically crying at the beach and was like \"what's wrong lil nigga\"
Watch ur mouth RT : Robben flops more then Dwayne Wade!
Nah but for real ...Usher still that nigga...pause
Can you or can you not vote a roommate out of the apartment? It can be just like survivor but college edition...
Favoriting almost everything on my tl
\"Just be a little more clinical!\" -the bro to my left who is a Juergen Klinsmann \/ Ian Darke hybrid, apparently
I can't believe how red my eyes r
you all the chapters for cosmo
Jello shotsss on shots on shots
I'm sorry I zoned out was that a firecracker or jones right foot..?
Norris has been integral to the A's success....
Nobody will watch Spy Kids 2 with me and it's making me reevaluate my friendships
So my ex just took his new gf for a weekend full of things we did exactly two years ago &amp; here I am getting dumped
this lady at the airport is talking on speaker phone like why??
That's why we all look different, have different ways of life. Based on ethnicity
Goalllllllllllllllll # teamusa
Dead ass looked like FIFA 14 for Xbox out there grabbing his hammy
Don't forget to vote for your favorite talk (or even just your friends) like by texting 55247 to 650-600-9016.
you can thank me now &amp; oh my goodness ya welcome ya welcome.
Thats gonna be a really interesting 90 minutes
All these beautiful ladies getting treated bad bad by dumb niggas ! Shit wish I had the chance , I'll treat her better than you
When you love someone, it comes back to you~
Quit crying Ronaldo. You bitch
World Cup watching at a beer garden in Queens with great friends
Don't make fun of somebody else's personal appearance\/uncontrollable gestures ever. Being self-conscious about what you can't control sucks.
Add me on snapchat\nXoxopresleyyy\nSend da nudez
\"Just god bless your soul\" -
but maybe that ability also came with the conditioning?
\"Its posted on a social network so that shit must be true, current news.\" -- Some of yall logic.
Son cosas del diablo, que estemos enamorados!
have u evr seen an apple walkin around
The ivory and seafoamy mint green paints I got are soo beautiful though.
Walked out of a transaction at a convenience store that had a $5 minimum for credit\/debit cards. Success!
I want to be shown off
Everybody always talking about bae n blah blah. You know damn well \"bae\" don't even know you exist. Shatttup
I just need to go on tour and get out of here
It's a glorious day for soccer, as the most boring tactic to watch is dead. Chile helped bury tiki taka. Real and Athletico played big parts
I'd rather die \": stop acting like you don't like big niggas. we're always in.\"
Man down, still won. Great ending!
Just trying to be midtown not uptown
I will turn my crib upside down to find this shit
I want California Rolls so bad
Some people be on insta way too much
Let's go Dempsey!
\": OK here I go talking about VAMPIRES Someone JUST knocked ON MY DOOR and NO ONE WAS there smh lol \" Lol! Good evenin
This bitch called me \"Baby bitch\" im tired of these city hoes can i be from sunnydle first NIGGAA FILLMORE ALL DAY NIGGA WHAT YOU THOUGHT .
And then, they'll either re-sign, and add another big piece... Or they'll go somewhere else. No chance they opt in, though.
WHAT A RIP.
when the phrase \"I LOVE VAGINA\" becomes famous, I just want everyone to know that I started it
I cannot stand racist cunts like you
Brooke bought a book called \"how to make friends and influence people\" today
i need to stop trying so hard to keep people in my life
I just wanna be with
If I win 20 g on world cup tomorrow in will do laps around my house
Why am I trembling?
\"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.\"
Y si Es q llegan tambn a empatar en penales que se hace??
You should be able to tell that I'm mad through text
Dear , please rid me of this flu. Oh loooodddt.
When you give up, it means you never wanted it.
The Spurs deserved this one. Rip Miami heat. The new east big 3 will be in Chicago town. Unless lebron goes to NY
Manu wtf man lmao
When the commercials are 10x louder than the actual show. Stop.
\": I honestly don't trust anyone anymore. Some people can't keep they mouth shut\"
U ARE GAY U ARE GAY U R GAY
Margaritas should be made with salt rocks, not some shitty ass regular table salt. What the fuck
I asked my aunt for a store bought chocolate cake instead of the customized ones she orders and she called me difficult
I want Costa Rica to win.
When was this ever an argument?
JONES PUTS IT IN YES!!!!!!
I love that I can look like a teenage boy at any moment with this haircut.
Why do I have to go to work?
If you 18 you should have a job no exceptions or excuses
Finally in NY
Thank The Lord I finally found my glasses
I don't kno how I got there. check ya shit .
You stopped the match because they were too tired to play? Why don't you suck it up and finish the fucking game
What is Magneto's favorite time of day?
Two out of three of our worldcup goals have come while I was in the bathroom. I better keep drinking beers!
This game. Everyone needs thunder thighs and iron legs
Let's recap Jordan's worst moments in the last semester:
Fake it to make it
DEMPSEY YOU BEAST
Mess with yon &amp; your feelings will get hurt b
I Had 16 Glasses Of Wine. 16!
Now I'm standing on the rooftop ready to fall\nI think I'm at the edge now but I could be wrong
Thought snapchat sent me a video for my birthday but it was for the fourth of july
My roommates are showing each other pictures of Asians and trying to decide what country they're from..
Show this tweet on ur phone today for a free protein boost in any juice or blend! Happy 4th!
Pues no se si es porque me paso la peli escribiendo tweets , con musica , y con mas paginas abiertas pero no me entero
The fact that when I all walk into the liquor store he all ready knows what I want
that jhene aiko song is so fucking annoying.
My mom took my headphones and broke them cus she was mad -_- Tf?
Really sorry. The BTTS is in the Germany game. Ghana Btts is closer to -200. Just realized i wrote Ghana
goooooooooooooL de la poderosa Bosnia ajaaaaaaaaaa
my legs r rlly rlly soft &amp; I'm happy
Oh god. I just bought a game from the steam summer sales.... I hope I won't go loco on it @-@
There's a class of 4 dogs as of now... and he's the youngest....
To bike to Westwood for a crepe or sit at home like a fatass in bed...
I'll let you whip if I misbehave
\": why is derek a teen now like tf?\"\n\nFr!
pill pop, baby girl cause I promise you, you tweaked, The empty bottled loneliness, this happiness you seek
I'd be happy with two outcomes..crazy lightning or this rain ends soon
5 hours of sleep in the passed 41 hours
One for the money \nTwo for the show \nI love you honeyyyy
Disneys playing classics i like it
My names emily and I'm addicted to internet pornography
I swear I can eat 5 pancakes and still maintain my weight
Last Big Mike from Commack Breakfast
Why do I constantly get screwed over by women? The fuck have I ever done? It's mind numbing
I bet is pretty juiced right now.
Not just a wonderful day. It's more like a fairy tale.
This is the hardest I've ever worked to survive I wandered aimlessly thru SF for hours fuck my life
To be honest i just want oomf
Ik I'm not gonna get a cam follow so I'm not even gonna try.
Ivelisse needs to hop on the twitter wagon again. I miss her !
Algeria came in as underdogs and came out a contender for the future
Alicia just blessed my TL ... Lol
Berkeley lovely evening thank you!!!!
Its freaking horse I tell you that forsure. All that the fifth did was make me move the phlegm on my septum.charlie more x2 damned 5ever
does FIFA not allow the use of motorized carts to carry players off the field? why do they put them in an orange rectangle bucket?!
Cooked for the entire family ALL BY MYSELF ..
Ugh, all I want is chipotle right now.
Hey , if you're going to make your employees ask who they're talking to, remind them to remember our names
I'm abouta lose $400 and my mom wanna let me know that it's haraam to bet? Nigga fuck off.
Been up since 7am gotta make that great Jamaican dinner for my family...love cooking
21 - you're so cute and I love your hair.
Go home Portugal
Del and nick said Americans aren't proven better athletes than Germany's
Fastest way to upset Kyle: send him a picture of a Landshark bottle.
eating crow, after their mouths wrote checks their skills couldn't cash. 3-1 Cro.
But remember when I was obsessed with this guy from school because he looked like Zach Abels...but then he cut his hair &amp; I was like BYE
Rip it mad times cuz you don't feel it, ... 5 minutes later BOOM! It hits you like a ton of bricks.
I hope we actually go see 22 jump street tonight I've been dying to see it
I ain't never been in love before so all this shit is new
Son Of God was probably one of the best movies I've seen
He is good come on get up you got this
I would love to talk to you in person but I understand why that can't be
AND THE 3 FROM DOWNTOWN !
00:18 N0OI (Scott) on W6\/CT-048 (Ontario Peak, 2650m, 8pt) 146.520 fm [KN6CCW]
This road trip is now ending with and I attempting to jump start her car
HELL YEAH \n
i would love to be a truck driver just for the fact that i would get to scare the shit out of people, honk honk mother fuckers
listening to 50 cent while eating my waffles this morning was the highlight of my day
I don't even get why I even ..
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think-Socrates
Time for a car wash
Sadly, some people, are meant to fall in love with each other, But not meant to be together
I have way too much fun on Monday nights
DEAR SOPHS TAKING CHEM, DONT BE LIKE ME AND FAIL WITH A 59
All of a sudden I can't peel myself away from watching soccer...
\": because football = life.\" Yassssss
Bye nationals it's been real
The only woman that can't hold a man down
Listening to acoustic covers and applying to travel the world ain't a bad way to spend my night.
Don't wake me up before my alarm -_-
Everyone's eating grilled meat and I'm over here eating manicotti made just for me....
Y'all bitches still want a ti and tiny relationship ??
Sry but if u have been sober your whole life so far how fun can it really be
Tramp. .. fucking dummy.. back stabing cunt..
im a serial killer who only kills doctors without borders\n\njust kiding u gota help me doc\n\ncan u fix me doc\n\nIll fucking kill u if u dont
Always remember to stretch kids before working out kids... I think I threw out my back
Funny the way it is if you think about it
Never been so happy, never felt so high
An RPG in the Adventure Time world as your own character!?!?
If you go in the army you serve the country and its people, not our fucked up government
Why people are afraid to tell the truth?
These birds is all chirp &amp; no flight
My mom always asks why I never go out and do anything but nobody invites me anywhere so there's that
One sided relationships aren't my thing
Pain point- it hurts that could not be a girl as a child. And you hold that truth against trans women.
When I'm old in going to be responsible for so many silver alerts on the highway
Like seriously? Veronica needs to chill before she gets a bad trip.
I'm going to die if my versace and moschino stuff doesn't come soon
So backpacking was awesome. Next trip, the whole AT.
Trapped at a wings joint in a hellish land of concrete. Please send help.
USA is coming out on fire, wow.
All I can say is bartender pour me somethin strong
Someone should bring me Taco Bell
Poor guy who went to see speak at the orpheum 2nite couldn't even stand to clap bc took away his crutches,
theres always this part of me that wants to be home
We're far from good not good from far 90 miles per hour down Compton Boulevard with the top down screaming \"We don't give a fuck\" \n
wellllll that just fucked up my summer
I break hearts ... no one told you to fall when i already have an arrow in my back
what an amazing game!!! Congrats Costa Rica :)
I just heard mr. Jeffrey shavelson scream goal. My day has been made
i fucking lost it as soon as i lost you
Goodmorning everyone! Have a happy and safe 4th of July!!!!
Today at work three Irish bulls\/ yaks escaped from up the road and our on the farm. We have to catch them before they destroy everything -_-
To tires to make food so went ham on a can of pork n beans! !!
5 on 2 for Greece, only pass the ball once and take the shot..
Estoy mandando audios paa todos lados.
Chinese food with no fortune cookie. Has the world really come to this?
Due to constr., constr., both Dirctns G btw Court Square Sta (Queens) and Church Ave Sta (Brklyn) from 11:00PM until 5:00AM trains ru...
My mom's friend introduced me to Korean music and it has changed me forever
Having the Best time of life nice vibes literately saw asap rocky school boy q asap ferg and mob ab soul &amp; more. Thank you I'm truly blessed
That awkward ass moment on tinder when you lay down your opener and the girl responds. 'Hahhaa I already know you jackass.' Well than.
frank reyes y sus bachatas que describen mi vida..
I love being in love with you though...
I cannot stop listening to
Never mind, screw this storm it's messing up my HD channels
THE FRONT BOTTOMS &lt;3 singing about soap :)
The thing about watching those type of shows is that the commercials are TOO long.
The reality of life is quite inviting (drops mic, walks off stage, goes back to sleep)
Oh this one knows how to push my buttons
What did I spend more on: groceries for the next 2 months or liquor for today? Hint, it's not close.
256 I've known u forever and I'm so glad we're getting close again
I'm too lazy to get out of bed and I want a pickle, but I'm all out.
My back ain't fuckin widdit rn, we gonn have to reschedule or ya ass getn shot
I feel like Switzerland has got it all figured out
NOT EVERY BODY IS OUT SEEKING YOUR DEMISE...GOD HAVE HIDDEN AGENTS .
\": lol yeaaa\" alright ima come soon tho fr so let her know
I'm just trying to leave Manhattan, how hard can it be?......
You are the Sean to my Cory
Not fuckin with this shit !!!
Who wants to come to a baseball game with me this summer? I'm about to get two tickets for any day
How many fuckin people twerk on vine It's ridiculous!
Wow never going to get out of work tonight
The end is near
I'm really so fucking hurt wow.
Side of the barn comment
I dont want to go to sleep I just want to stay up and listen to all night and forever
If I am up until 4am bc time difference I will not be happy
Jacob is the reason I made a bestfriend
If u cool wit em to a point where it felt like the relationship was priceless, does it have to be that for u to commit to whatchu lose
When I'm in Mexico Imma be drunk off my ass on the beach screaming \"no flex zone!!!\"
CHIEF KEEF FUCKED MIKES EX LMFAOOOOOOOOOO
About to watch the movie terry pmo to lol
Lying in bed watching Orange is the new black eating cake with my dog
Ama better not take me to Vegas with her just to watch the lion king -_-
Nigggggaaaaa lmao whaaaat this is crazy they just beat argentinas record
Beasley's ankles look like soup after that
Bruh this new season on Teenwolf don't look right
Congrats to the Spurs!! Im looking forward to Tomorrow
IMA let my hands do the talking when I see ya babygirl I miss feelin on you
Getting mad stared at, like they've neva seen a lightskin before
Delicious nap..love having this time off... Now on my way to get my nails done
either valiant hearts is boring or history is boring
Said this morning that my NL MVP pick right now is Carlos Gomez. Agree? Disagree!
I'm the worse texted ever tbh
At least I don't get like 7 Oreo McFlurries and rub them on my chest
The cutest boys are found in catholic schools
First match of the day
Atta boy, Clint
Lolol to the north bound 101 stopped traffic. Suffer with us, bitches!
Equalizer!!!! What a strike!
New York, we are going to meet again and it will be amazing.
Flyers only come to New Jersey twice and not until January then in March
Gunna have a black and blue eye tomorrow
Not sure if my roommate is crying.
How \"Cool Rider\" from Grease 2 is not all over Billboard's tops of all time escapes me.
Manunuod nalang ako ng mga korean nobela kesa makipag away sayo
I said no drinking today but if mexico wins I just have to
I need a nap ttyl I'll be back in a hour lol
Someone on a far rooftop is taking pics in the direction of my building. The flash is coming inside my room: most unexpected nyc problem yet
This kid is doing the absolute most omg I've never seen this before
CARTERRR PLEASE FOLLOW ME
New Icon, courtesy of one of my students, but I don't know which one.
i love school and all but i want the beach :(
I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga
In a shocker, Train wins!\n\nFINALLY!\n\n
Bron really crying like he didn't make 100 million this year
My sister just told me that I'm only ugly because of my face :'( everyone's always talking about my abs, but my face kills it
Literally walked into Nonna's house and she hands me chocolate and says \"here I can tell you're pmsing\" oh.
also god bless the guy who video taped us, showed us his music tattoo, and told we made his day. what a sweet heart
Me and are holding try outs for 'new bitches' if interested contact me 914-318-9800
Phones gunna die fmllll
Shea's bday collage is about to be legendary
Flights booked for with overnight stay in Copenhagen on the way out on the Wednesday. Fly home Friday via Paris.
Fastest goaaaaal ever
Tim Lincecum joins a unique group today.
I had chipotle and sushi today. Honestly the fucking highlights of this shitty day
August look like a blue crayon
Does Netflix still send DVDs thru the mail?
im up like i dont got shit to do tm morning
The only reason I can never be a F1 driver is because of motion sickness. I can't be taking gravol errday.
Look ladies, all that shit that nigga be sayin, 9x outta 10 is straight bullshit.
Hate how my mother acts when company is around, so fakeeeeeeee.
holy flood in my grandmas basement.. I could swim in this
Serious Q: Ice T or Ice Cube?
These niggas don't shutup
Portugal no :(
Unreal. Absolutely unreal.
San Fran at night is sketch
tambien te tire un y te sientas identificado
Do they build cities with skylines in mind?
God bless America and no place else!
everybody wants something they dont deserve..figure it out
Such a perfect kick though!!
Really hope North Korea starts war over The Interview so they can have a failed missle launch and finally put that country into a wasteland
Already know who I wanna be with and it's not youuu
LOOK WITH HORROR UPON THE GRAMMAR ABORTION THAT IS THE NON-PLURAL MASCOT
I hate being a mean person tbh like idk I'm so over the competition of who can be the worst person on here
My flight is an hour delayed due to airport traffic. What?\n
he bald but cute lol and his cheekbones on point
so beautiful I can't describe it..
Energy fuel always hits the spot
But besides emotions and shit everything is greaaaat...
Crash Joran van der Sloot
I'm not ready to graduate next year
I'll give it all to you god, trusting that you will make something beautiful out of me
So excited for Comic Con when I get back from Hawaii. Teen Wolf, Glee, Hunger Games.
I don't want it to result in a draw I want this to get moving, COME ON USA MAKE THE WORLD CUP INTERESTING
If these geese don't stfu ima go catch one of them and grill it
You need people to see the ads &amp; it's no fun w\/o badges and mayorship
30 seconds in lol goal USA
Who wants to do something Funn or new today?
Wowwwwww tht should be a red card kick in the fuckin face!!!!!!!!!
and cake mix and frosting and a movie and a rose sooo ya hes my fav
august alsina better win best new artist at the BET Awards
\"..I'm coming over but in 3 hours\" OKAY Sara
Can't wait to see my boss's kids. Old boss at that.
Luke Harper will steal the Wyatt family from Bray. Mark my words.
I wonder how my dad would feel if he came home to me sitting outside with a metaphor (cig) in my mouth. I'd prob be kicked out
Full contact skydiving may be the craziest sport invented.
Let's go take a ride in the dark...
I wanna go for a walk in the rain
Kyle Beckerman's hair game is A+
The 2013-14 may be the best \"team\" in NBA history. In terms of number of key contributors + rotation depth
This fucking mosquito in my car right now is eating me alive !!!! I can't find it. DUHHH FUHHH
That pedofeliac lookin security guard on is huge tool dirtbag.
I have the brightest future and goals I know how I'm gonna make my money
My friend Cullen is a pussy and won't drink with me tonight because he needs to be up early pussy
Lmfaoo, the reception Bettman is getting
Wade the career isn't going anywhere north anymore
Early in the morning is when I think about you
scotus more like scrotum amirite
yup he mad
My dad pulls me to the side and goes \"ab, there's a very famous pornstar here\" oh ok
Esperando como agua de mayo el estreno de la banda sonora ahora es al parecer.
Pain and stress, we all suffer from it. But take is so differently.
His nose is brokededed
Ain't much out there too have feelings for guess whose it is guess whose it is
Who gives their self a fat lip at work...
I need to get back to goalie training
AYE LETS GO GHANA
viendo el show de Hilda Murillo en la yoni para no olvidar que uno es de ecuador
Team Arya thooo. Down since ep 1 when she shot a spoonful of food at Sansas face for being a prissy twat.
phone died when I went to visit my pops at the hospital buh benzema not playing He will be a legend before his career is over make my words
\"im gonna learn the entire japanese language in a week\"
Say 'Da Bears' so I know its real
SuMmEr TiMe!1! - first summer activity? Chipping my tooth I n some mushy boiled vegetables. Hooray!?
Yeah you're bad and you know it don't you .
KWU ENT &amp; I'M SEW PRESENT:\n \"DA SHOW\"\nHOSTED BY LUVLY B &amp; NINA B\n JULY 28TH \n\n
I hear the god damn raccoons dude they think they got me too but I am not playing tonight
I won't forget you but I may forget your nameeeeeee
I really hope Rollins doesn't lose his cash-in.
I don't know what has me more excited: Jones' goal or the fact that I got my sister to watch the World Cup
where did my weekend go? # sadface! Fuck this week. Just got to get through Thursday and Im .
I'm so grateful my mom doesn't want to leave the house much . Dementia and Alzheimer's is real and so many leave their home and wonder .
\"Have you ever had a sugar daddy? They're delicious!\" -
.or maybe your success is speeding up because of . I know you and good work regardless.
Does Anyone want to do acid in my tent
hole 10: 214 par 3 over water. i think ill take my par and run
Lmao why do I even bother
In my favorite spot on the ship. I want to take a picture but it's too dark.
Beach around this time is so relaxing .. Intill the sea monster come out and eat us
Your face , voice and everything just irritate my whole life.
What am I supposed to do when you graduate
Chandler and Felton for Dalembert, Calderon, Larkin, Ellington, and the 34th and 51st picks in the 2014 NBA Draft. Chanukah night No. 1.
El mejor penal bien cambell pack!!! Vamoooooo Navas
3 Deaths In 2 Days. It's Only July 4th.
1st place today in the division at the Striders 4-Mile race. Won gift certificate!
where is the nearest firework vendor?
My soul is feeling empty tell the reaper come and get me.
Free shots at the bar bc USA scored ! Keep scoring.
I HAVE A FREEDOM BONER
\"I heard she can do some tricks wit her mouth nigga, I heard she got a thang for them boss niggas...\"
Each new day my love grows stronger. I wish each day could last a little longer so that there'd be more time we could share
Googling \"antonyms for smooth sailing\" with
What ya you really want from me
11 crept up quick. Now 12 creep up even faster.
lmfaoooo. all these niggas on my TL better hate diggy
I need to add context to the tweets I read sometimes
So much indie music sounds so much like Katy Perry\/Taylor Swift but someone in Brooklyn said it was cool, so no one says anything
Waiting to see Beyonce and Jay z performance.......
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheartttt
TL really emotional right now and no one is trolling
The natural next step after Yo in the minimalism movement is fittingly Y
GINOBILI THROWBACK DUNK.
I hope they understand that I really understand that...they don't understand.
I hope nic show up in red or white dress with some red bottoms and gold accessories and her hair flat ironed
I am at Google io. No daily post sorry.
Messi did some exorcism shit
You don't realize how awkwardly silent Muni is when the A\/C turns off for more than 3 seconds
Throwback Thursday to when I was so sad to graduate high school and now I realize how absurd that was
I wanna fuck a girl while shes on the phone with her man
Watching Jumanji with Danae because what else would we be doing at 1am
But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and do not make forethought of the flesh, for its lusts.\n\nEven the lusts sanctioned by false prophets!
Lots of my guests tonight have had really bad attitudes. Stop being mean people.
STILIES IS SO BADASS I WANNA LUV HIMMMMM
Men on tinder: stop taking pics w babies if you don't have any it's decieving
I miss being in the south RN because the 4th is really when the family throws a BBQ for the whole block
had a bet with me mate, slag suarez off and post it, then see the fuckin mancs jump all over it, I was right and won the fuckin bet. sadfuks
One rhyme scheme goes ABAA, ABBA, ABACABB. That's the equivalent of Mike Tyson hitting you with a jab, hook, and uppercut at da same time..
This nigga pulled his hamstring..
You'll never know the endless nights, the rhyming of the rain.
Sooo I need someone to go see 22 Jump Street with me ASAP
I'm never sour, I'm just smoking something much louder
Been trying to give you hints for like 2 months and once i stopped you noticed lol
I saved Asia's self portrait because its awesome
Wow I have such a bad headache
Black ppl are always nice with them hands. Damn that massage felt good.
Some people are the biggest story toppers, you're annoying and no one cares
This family of Asians hit my car, and just looked at me like I was foreign.
10 minute massages are my new addiction
As cool as edc might be.\n\nI'd rather spend my $ going on a trip with friends somewhere else or just to the vegas strip.
It's unfortunate that it's disgusting out
Omg the co-manager and the ass.manager got me shy as hell asking me why I'm single.
And my charger decides to break down on me again. Fuck.
Your \"day ones\" ain't witcha
People who say they don't have time for things are full of shit. You make time for what's important to you.
Ur annoying and so are your snapchats
never realize how stupid the shit I get mad over is until I'm finally done over exaggerating lmao
Delete your fucking Instagram if you do likes for a rate. OMFG.
You expect too much, i don't provide all that
Two good teams in D44 9-10 stars winners bracket battling-Los Altos and Santa Clara Westside
Probably just pick the worst week to visit New York!
Giovanni makes me SOOO happy that I could literally die. So if you can't be happy for me please get out of my life.
Fatal Attraction is hella good right now got me in Suspense lol
tomorrow is free cat day at lollypop?? too bad I hate cats
pride kick off happy hour. Yes.
That moment when you wake up at 4 am cos your hungry ._.
Makes me feel some type of way
The spurs no doubt deserve this... They blew out the heat 3 straight games
Set weekend and school Monday! Let's go!!
Woke up with a blunt in my hand wdf
Jacob my phone is about to die and I would really appreciate it if you followed me before it does
on my way to Seattle, where a new chapter awaits. tomorrow, I officially become an employee of , and I couldn't be more excited!
:: ii'd liike to liike plant a Christmas tree, one of these Christmas', iinstead of liike cutting them down n' shiit ::
Lunch time...in the office blah
whatta fucking snipe
At a Safeway and there's a sushi bar inside
feelin some types of way
member when he told you he was bout the Benjamins?
NO STOP STOP TALKING STOP LYING GIVE US ARIANA
This nigga Donovan said he be outside wit socks wit holes in them and no shoes ... Someone help him
my best friends family taking me out for diner for graduation! they are so cute!
Never shoot a large caliber man with a small caliber bullet.
I'm going to regret being up this late tomorrow
Why in Harry potter when Harry is fighting voldemort Harry always used expelliarmus. Like dude voldemort is trying to kill you step it up
YESSSSSS USA USA USA
Messi the majestic empanada!!!
Its something about mary jane \/ a feelin dat I can't explain ~ im so hi and I aint comin down
So my my dad and my brother are awake. My other brother calls me while I'm knocked out and tells me to go the store. FOH I'm not going!
What's so great about dumb old Texas
Bout to have a heat stroke
Gym so dead right now I'm just waiting to close basically...nothing else to do
The D Wade needs a hug right now lmaoo
Needs more ideas of stuff to draw on my skatebort.
Ronaldo could have made it 2-1 zamnn
You were wrong so you started making yourself feel better it's okay you are forgiven
Superb goal by for - 2-0 score
One of those days where I hate everyone
Tonight is all about perspective ladies and gentlemen.
AMERICA, FUCK YEAH!
I notice every little thing no matter what
The Fault in Our Stars hadn't started yet and I'm crying just thinking about it.
Being treated like you're disposable &lt;&lt;&lt;
U gotta want Costa Rica to pull this off.....
Imma show that Brooklyn hustle.
Serious question!!!! \nWhen do you consider it cheating???
I get to sleep while Stephanie drives, sounds great to me
The Heights needs it's own Buzzfeed List Category.
\": Jeremy 'Dreamy McMug' Meeks could make HOW MUCH money?!? WATCHED HIM ON THE NEWS HES A THUG, YUK YUK YUK!
Me and Jada just watched a 40 minute video on the Latin Kings bc we aspire to be them &lt;3 \"amore dey rey\"
Fastest in World Cup history
Surrounded by fakes .. Damn where the real at
: curtis mayfeild - makings of you
Gta's edc lv set is hype
All the guys on the bachelorette just kissed each other because Andi has kissed every single one of them tonight.
My anxiety is off the charts right now omg
Why does The Game still come on?
50 rt's and I'll run outside naked and do a back flip
Cute ass couples make me so happy. Dead ass &lt;3
Still pissed I'm early as shit
HUGE bummer! injury = not good.
I slept for exactly 39 minutes and my mom screams about how insolent I am. Mom. Mom.
Claudia only acknowledges my tweets when I'm being negative towards myself
I remember in middle school ppl were like, \"if u guys get married, your name would be hannah torres torres!!\" LOL lame
Leaving my whole family BBQ to go to work right now for a 2 1\/2 hour shift is not ok
that shit is a curse n blessing smh.
Totally forgot about Wimbledon in my World Cup frenzy, but tuned in in time for a great match. Well done, Djokovic. Dmitrov, too!
just crazy glued my home button onto my phone smh
.killed it opening for tonight at the Gramercy. Fucking awesome show
Mangel, la cagaste, me estaba divirtiendo.
Le dije a agustin, si se mete alguna de las amigas le hago el dos a valentina y me dice la pija mija dejate de buscar lio jajajaj
I never get tired of watching the kardashians. Basically have the episodes memorized
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!! O CAPTAIN MY CAPTAIN!!! TEXAS BORN TEXAS MADE.
Love the fact that drake plays gospel on his pandora station ... Can't say I'm suprised at all tho...
y'all got me fucked up. I ain't letting no female have my sweatshirts. they not cheap
I have the hugest headache in my life
I needa but a lot of things soon
Restarted from the bottom now he's here! Lol
I am happy, and thats all that matters
MY NOSE STARTED BLEEDING IN THE MIDDLE OF STREET...and people started crossing roads omg
Trap going techno
Anything in life that's worth doing , is worth over doing . Moderation is for cowards .
Up on melancholy hill
nigga I'm papiiiii
That's why i never text u first tu solo caes
Hey , how about not shooting the ball directly at the keeper? Your PK fortune is not looking so hot.
Game tell em where you from, nigga west side
WHO WANTS THE HIT THE BEACH
This is such horse shit!
I would be shitting my pants if I was the Cav's GM
I just wanna get ice cream, and cuddle up and watch a movie
Developed a weird bruise like thing under my chin and it worries me
Warriors gotta do Lee\/Klay\/Barnes for Love\/Martin\/13th. Solid ass draft and you can get a steal at 13. No way we can afford to pay Klay
I can only be myself. I can't force anything. It is what it is.
He bout to buss out that suit
Ok back home . Let's go
Feel like staying in the living room tonight but I missed my babyy I gotta be in the room tonight
Your girl or guy got you on lock down oh hell no this is America living of the free
Who the hell is this performing on 106 &amp; Park?
vacation makes you appreciate your bed so much more
wish i could be watching the game rn
Soy un pobre diablo condenado a vivir solo
808's and pizza , bad bitch with me with a smile that reflects mona lisa , a piece of art , best part is shawty dont take it to the heart
I'm exhausted from dealing with these kids , I need a night out
idk why you have phone because you NEVER answer it
I wanna be in 's book club
guitar is not for me lol
I also had blue hair once
Excited to listen to my mentor speak about what it takes to be a
No need to re-read that tweet, YES I said Aladdin
Everybody has a little \"hoe\" in them
Just because you don't like someone I chill wit doesn't mean I'm gona stop being friends with them.
We out to San Antonio?
They say were too young now to amount anything else
Insomnia Cookies just moved right onto my campus....idk what I feel
I have all these adventurous date ideas but then i always go back to the big 3: netflix x cuddling x food
shit so this is what a sunburn feels like
leaving the window down &amp;letting my hair get air dried so I don't have to do much blowdrying when I get home
When you travel to another time zone does the time on your phone \/watch automatically change too... I never checked
That wasn't or humor. Just fact.
If he doesn't come back this will be a short World Cup for America
Not every nigga is a freak.
zoey 101 was and forever will be my all time favorite show
He only got more perfect wtf.
Stunting for 4 straight hours yesterday was not good on my arms
Ronaldo is messing up so bad hahah
This Mediocre song with T.I, &amp; Iggy is nice.
This could be the start of something new
BiG 3 done
Nothing but Bruce Springsteen and CCR today
Yes all the yes to that last tweet best name ever
\"Oprah's book of the month is the devil himself for death by snu-snu\"
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer
Had the best Sunday ever today
So Natalie. How the hell does it take 3 days to answer a text? Like really? Bye. Freaking ridiculous.
You leave and after like 6months you decide to talk to me and tell me how much you think I haven't changed .
Shots with my momma cuz why not.
Trying to FaceTime someone with bad service is so annoying
someone hangout with me and Shannon we r desperate
Someone brought up pacman and it made me really miss the arcades. I know none of my friends would be down to go :\/
Estos casi dos meses he aprendido demasiado y tengo tantos sentimientos encontrados q no se aveces como reaccionar ante alguna situacion
My dog always falls asleep on me at the wrong times
Having to go to this dance bs &lt;
some people are so stupid in regards to what they put on social media, you clearly have nothing you keep as a part of your private life
Jermaine Jones, You Go!
These little girls nowadays are so grown man, smh.
Along with Somalian pirates and Ivory Coast bag ladies --
These past few days feel good when i go jog
Lol, people who actually think that Germany's gonna odee on USA tm are dumb. They'll work the tie and both of them will make it through.
I freakin love Manu Ginobli!
I wish we could still talk. No strings attached.
you's keep sayin you's a freak you gon' prove it or nah?
I'm having the best birthday ever, I have such great people in my life ^.^
Like if you have time to make a smoke trick video, you clearly have no goals in life
\"The Bacardi family, exiled from our home country in the 1960s...\" Aww, breaks my heart.
If you don't text me you're sus
Despite that the &amp; his admin have the combined IQ of a pistachio, we have much to be thankful for! , everyone!
Ronaldo puts no fear in our hearts
Are you really surprised when does things like that?
Itd be nice if my netflix worked bc i havent watched breaking bad in like a week
I was forced to watch game of thrones and I don't know if my life is better or worse
Mann, I'm hurt for Lebron.... NOT!!!
I hope everyone practices voluntarism today by getting fucked up with fellow Americans all day
Blasting music to see if it gets me in the workout mood
Brandy be sounding like she's straining when she goes to hit High notes
Cause she's a good girl with a bad past, you know you want but shit it won't last.
Jason Kidd just got traded.. Lol
I like it better when we're wasted.
2 heavy courses in 1 sem. Anaphy and Funda. Wooooh saya.
A little don't worry, be happy
Like I could hike mission peak in the rain rn
But wen u have it all and a BAD MUTHAFUCKA they will keep tryin to get at u
Those smores f'real milkshakes are banging
Kevin and Clifford are over. Where are John and Howard? John, Howard, Kevin, Clifford and my brother are hella funny when they're together.
What ignorance is it to think just because your attractive you're a \"bad bitch\" .
\"I don't like dicks *long awkward pause* I mean I do, but not around my mouth\"
*Judging me for requesting to blue oyster cult while listening to Ashley Tisdale*
the authorities use sex as a law enforcement tool
That nail Polish is fire tho
Lmaoo this kid is seriously such a piece of shit.
Think I fucked up my knee for good this time..
Coloring out of the lines cause that don't want nobody that's colored out of the line so I'm late as a motha fucka colored people time
Finally a change in Providence a female rap group sick of these wack niggas thinking they great.
You weren't there for me when I needed you most...
Tanta Jente q Tienen a Su Madre a su Lado y Ni La Valoran :'(
Why my dad tryna rob me smh
Peep snapchat story
Cant even express how happy I am to have off today
Home and sleepy @@
Show you out to the world but don't have me looking stupid out here.
SNIPE CITY HOLY SHITTTT
Short man syndrome gets the best of you.
And theres no stopping us right now
\": I turned out liking you a lot more than I originally planned.\"preach
The fact that my sister is in a car with dieter from Laguna beach right now.......
College World Series over the World Cup 100 out of 100 times
Bored Af at work cant wait to leave this place n go sleep
You saying I'm bad for you that's fine sometimes bad is a good timeeee
I just had the best dream in the whole world
\": This paartying stuff getting old. I just really wanna chill with a shorty. Thats all.\"
Minha mae mandando audio pra lala KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend.
too legit to quit without giving a two week notice and letter of resignation
Keep ya eyes on the prize. Don't ever let no bullshit faze you mann.
Todo esto es un circo, tenemos A CHIRIBOGA, a RUEDA, A y vendiendo porqueria al Pueblo ecuatoriano.
ever wondered why you allow your own life to be controlled by anyone but yourself? It's a one time opportunity.... &amp; I'm going to enjoy it
.- any suggestions for a great bar for watching USA v GER (2am start)?
all i ever wanna do is watch vines
Reply to my snap hoe
My senior year was my most emotional year. Imma miss it
I leave footsteps but they're not to be followed
mainly upset bc you didnt reply but its ok bc i know you get entertained by others and nit me so ok goodnight
That moment when you realize you've just finished a half bottle of wine... and pour another glass ;))
Today was long and crazy and I met so many new people and saw so many new things PRAISE IT I AM ALIVE!!!
I have a love\/hate with ab workouts tbh
\": There is nothing better than playing Wide Receiver !\" Although secondary is fun too
Everything is annoying me right now...I need to go to sleep
U S Fucking A
I wish I raved hard every weekend lol
I can't stress how much I love Chinese food
You'd think after someone mentioning Derek's name, after a while Malia would know her cousin... but no.
Ronaldo can suck it
I have a feeling Jabari Parker gon be one of my favorite players
What an amazing team. A well deserved championship
SF for the afternoon. Who's around?
On our way to a party.
I am serious too tired all the time
I know you're tired of loving with nobody to love...
I don't even want to go back to Los Angeles. I need another new city, with new people.
there's no words to describe how my favorite song makes me feel, like the notes just fill up my chest and I can't breathe and I'm so happy
Not looking forward to this 12 hour shift tomorrow
Drug dealing just to get by, stack your money till I get sky high. \/\/ Weren't supposed to make it past 25, jokes on you we still alive.
And Argentina gets out alive.
I am so far up Fabian Johnson's ass I can see out of his mouth
I know sometimes you're feeling lost It's hard to find your place in it all. (8)
Lowry sign-and-trade to Miami. What an upgrade at pg within a 24 hour span
A pretty little girl with diddy's style
I'd feel so accomplished if I got put in twitter jail
Sometimes i put words in front of things for no reason unconsciously
Messi may not be relevant all the time but man when he gets on his game he is just simply brilliant
I better be able to watch the game during work tommorow
Yo lo primero que le veo a un hombre son las nalgas.
I got the toss and the catch down, now to learn how to look graceful at the same time...
Somedays there is just nothing to be positive about and that's ok
Things to do for the rest of the summer : brush up on chemistry , bio , and math . So basically just study .
Well this weeks 24 was ruined for me via twitter
GAME ON RT : Don't get caught up in worrying about your diet over the holiday--good for your body to shock the metabolism.
Ayo I know you ain't talking bout me dog. You! What?..
Been in Central Park for 5 mins and have already gotten lost
Jeff , Altidore Di fanm ayisyen pa loyal
Got just one single slice of cheese pizza at the great escape and it came to $7.47
I have more work out clothes then I have regular clothes ahahah
my phone have 1% so i'm bouta die
Do you like the way I flick my tongue or nah
NO RT : Theresa is my fav
It's the cutest thing when a brother thinks his sister deserves the best and is proud of her
Tried watching a World Cup game, but I just can't watch a sport where they fake an injury every 5 minutes
I didn't choose the xo life the xo life chose me
Wow I really believed that kid's story too
FTR, most of the team is currently trying to win topeka. Our own app. There may be alcohol involved.
So many fire pics from the set last night and i cant put one of them up
I'd take you out if you're worthy of my time and money but your not
how did pharrell win over beyonce and drake
My room is either extremely hot or extremely cold there is never an in between
life is so predictable, it's no fun *petulantly crosses arms*
Damn it Greece!!! I still love my country!!
Always countin on to favorite and like my shit
Lesson's learned from the A's\/Mets series: Chris Young only hits HRs AGAINST the A's, good he's off the roster. Mills is $1 well spent.
you ain't no aspiring actress bitch, shut up.
Lmao twitter after hours the animals come out .
5\/5 for Costa Rica. Perfection. Very happy for them.
Its 2014 polygamy is the new way people
I don't know what I would do without C4
I could have it all but it's nothing without you
Up and living, NYC is the best! Time for an important meeting...news coming soon guys ;-)
Sometimes I imagine if I was standing in your arms hearing your heart beats loud enough to make me happy.
wow this is fucking stupid . I can't wait to move out .
Positive of day: I met a hot cousin that I never knew I had. His name is Chris.
\"Loyalty and orgasms. That's all she ever want.\"
OMG my mom won't buy me tori burch shoes idk why they're only 200$ ?????
I swear to god that whole shit annoyed the fuck out of me
i really despise people who at any other time deride the shitnerd obsession with objectivity but shout \"SHOW ME EVIDENCE\" at abused people
Highlight of my day: I looked at a customer and said \"hi how are you?\" And she started vomiting everywhere... Unfortunately a true story
I just bounced from mad duck to groggs with my sister. Looks like it'll be a good night
R FUCKING T \": Tired of being bullied.\"
Only reason why I haven't moved to Cali yet is because I was nervous about leaving my whole life on the east coast
If you've never brushed your teeth in the shower you haven't lived.
It really do be the little things that makes me smile &amp; light up the most
I only slept for 5 hours...Prob gonna fall asleep soon
I want food. Preferably Little Lucca, In N Out, taquitos, acai bowl, pizza, etc.
So homesick for Athens right now. Get me back
Look at all these losers hangin with their friends and going outside get a life
am I the only one who thinks Andi is psychotic for administering a lie detector test?
Marsha Ambrosius is a great songwriter. She wrote Butterflies for Michael Jackson.
I want to wake up as late as possible cause it's gonna be such a shit day
If you not ready to dedicate yo body and practice 15 hours a day, D1 football not for you. You gotta love this ish!!
Damn I'm hungry but there's nothing to eat in this house
I wore it once, never again in my LIFE
I hate when I can hear my clock ticking and its all dark out and my windows are open but the lamp light is on and there's tiny creeks HELPPP
I love the peace and I love the war\nI love the seas and I love the shore\nNo love for no beach baby, that's law
Try me &amp; Il Go Hard in the Paint Right Quick
is still stupid\nGO
This year isn't gonna change they're not making it through the first round..
In that wanna lovey dovey mood.
Who fucking yacked on my shoe you nasty swine
I'm very upset that my phone doesn't have an American flag emoji.
Jesus Piece is an unreal album. I don't think a better hip hop album has come out since
Lmao this girl posted a pic with her bf yesterday with a long ass caption on what she loves about him, now she put a diff mcm
This is the third day in a row that this lady at work has offered everyone else I the break room a brownie but me
Hope altidore can go the rest of the World Cup
man wtf should i get for dinner lol
wish i woke up to my hs alarm clock, life was so much easier than even if it didn't feel like it. Life after college is just something else
\": I got two hot dogs, soda &amp; medium fries from five guys.... It cost $25.17\" I believe it.
Been here less than an hour and my wat gauges are nearly full.
I can finally down-vote things on HackerNews.
I believe that we will win...
My favorite phrases from today's : \"knuckle deep\" &amp; \"milk the prostate\".
\"Y cada vez que pienso en vos, quiero volver\"
Music industry want some new shit
People, who'd like to write few words of appreciation to Hillary Clinton, Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi &amp;all women, who's working for US...
The worst is getting the particles from acrylic nails all over your phone while getting your nails done.
fav if ur parents r divorced
I think sexy asf when I get ah fade.
Im sorry ima let you finish but had the best debut of all time
Pessimism will be the death of us all.
I need a holiday, like a Madonna Holiday.
I know three things that are undefeated timegravityfemale that's all I know
Tim Howard is a beast
To meet a new girl and explore her mind and everything there is to know about them that's what I want
how boring, florida won't trade the pick
To tired to eat, to hungry to sleep fml
it's not funny until I think about it again and then I staRTT LIFERALLY WHEEZING
I dont care what anyone says I still like Coach
glad I stopped from sayin some off the wall shit lol
Thanks for the invite...are we friends?
And this will be the year that I won't even feel shit
Accidentally just ripped a hole in my skin fuck
Its not , for me its vs :p
I'm not tryna be with my mom and her boyfriend today lol
She really making me feel some time of way smh
But shit I wouldn't mind being put on either
New jeans are the best. Had to get on my game
O HAI list of 600 email addresses with no real names, I cannot WAIT to import you and figure out who you are.
Flyers had great chance to take local kid. At least fans will get another chance to get loud when DeAngelo does get picked
Can't wait for my boy to move up to the bay!
el mundial de los rapidines
\": you got the whip ?\" The bikes? We out
I miss the music, I miss my friend.
my weave stay stiff, it dont matter cause yo nigga on my clit. until he start to sniff &amp; realize that he got an lil itcch.
all my mom does is talk shit like don't you have work again in 30 minutes ? leave.
Nothing like sitting in the sauna
My sister is making custom high waisted shorts. Studded, dyed, colored. DM me if you want to get a pair :) she's bae.
This is all soo stupid! Why tf are we up soo early mom ?
just looked at the clock and it was 7:52. My tunnel vision was collapsed by why does all the good tv go away in summer
no water, and no food allowed from off the island.
There's no problem that can't be solved with breakfast foods.
Love that they are booing
My third straight Fourth of July (and Canada Day) in the US! Funny how this works out. Staying with friends in Hell's Kitchen NYC.
Can't fall asleep tonight but I am waking up at 7 am for the beach lets go I love the beach and went almost 10 times already
as soon as we wake , he got em rolled
Cuz yall the same RT \": I can't have a friend like Mimi. I don't like her tone, we would've been probably fought.\"
Oh, well Demi Lovato just came on stage randomly to speak
I cant understand what this lady is telling me so im just saying oh woww \nlol
I can never sleep when my son here
LTOTN: Ppl never cared to get to knw me das ok bc you missed OWt on an extraordinary friend I dun beg for friends just know im a blessing gn
Tinder is the best thing ever invented lmfao. Omg!
Den u have a dry sense of humor smh \": Kevin Hart irks me .... He's not funny to me\"
My apartment is just full of gimmicks and trolling each other. But I love it.
:)- you have no filter &amp; it's not usually a good thing!!!! But I couldn't imagine the last 8 years w\/out you
those little kids are pervs bro ..
I love stat &amp; shump but if we can trade them to the phoneix suns for 2 first rounders without getting any players back do it
Uh oh Joe Biden yucking it up at the while Middle East burns....bad PR move
Fuck I forgot to edit my video was playing games too long...
Hey I love all guys who smoke weed and eat booty
my birthday was a almost a week ago damn
Only and know how excited I get when I get new high rise shorts, and y'all- I just got a new pair!!!
Honey we may be through but you'll never hear me complain
FLOSSIN (the verb, not the adjective)
Where's Landon when you need him doe
Keep it real man that ain't you
Come on Costa Rica you got this
It's obviously no one text kaycee day
I thank god for you everyday.
Orange is the new black is such a strange show
* minds business* * eats bread * * sips tea since it's free* *pays attention*
Someone go with me next week to get Mani pedis
I've been up since 7 cleaning my room.....
eita que hoje quase fiquei pobre
Ever since church ended ive been at Bae's house...she even went with me and moms this morning
Jada just screenshot my snapchat. I cant trust her no more
Riding home with a Wii U on my lap.
The waves beat me up today bru
The only time I ever hear my phone vibrate is when it doesnt.
sometimes I get this feeling like something's up and I just can't figure it out, it drives me nuts
I Want A Tattoo For My Birthday.
Either youre being really fucking cute or youre being a dick-.-
Clearwater lost to Tampa 9-3. Ethan Stewart (2 1\/3, 5R\/4ER) took the L. Just 2 hits for the ' offense.
High school goes so fast...it's like once you're a freshman you're pretty much a senior
Que juego a sido este -_-'
Dont beg someone to pay attention to you. Weeeird.
Not really sure what life is right now
I just looked at a picture of a cat and thought it was adorable. Whats happening to me, i hate cats
I have the worst luck on getting followed tbfh
Don't ever call me jealous I'm the most generous person ever
Theres like 40 fire trucks in my yard so unecessary
Tomorrow is the final presentation for the Action Project. I spent so many time for it and also waste some time. I am happy to finish it !
I just don't like cutting my bangs anymore and breaking out on my forehead
Sex with Woodrow Wilson is like the Schlieffen Plan: you get around to invading the pussy (or France get it), but then you don't
can I like meet a non douche bag of a guy. like can a cute cool laid back kinda guy walk into my life. sick of scums.
Ok at least he said Jarren Benton isn't bad... I feel a lil bit better
THE FLUX CAPACITOR
Let's not forget how easily I could leave you
After we leave girl you know where we goin
is officially our insider to call eachother out to do stupid things.
So much questions and teen wolf just started
No podemos acudir a sanciones como medida,para callar a los hijos del ellos son Legado, desde que llego la REVOLUCION
Airplane mode.. Music.. And my bed .. Plans for tonight
Feels great to know id be the first person you'd call when you're upset
Home alone with my shirt off....the usual.
I just want to travel the world and meet new people and fall in love
I'm kinda just like fuck it.
Dempsey your such a tank!!!!!
Easily the best fire ever
Lmao the look on lebrons face lmao lil bitch
I have the most massive stress pimple in the corner of my mouth. If you meet me at vidcon I'm sorry!! I don't have herpes!!!
Shit is Dempsey gonna be out for the rest of the game?
I should probably stop staying up this late...
Hey NOT A WORD...
Lmfao twitter full of hella drama
Jamais rien ni personne ne pourras te remplacer
Not wearing pants to pride on sunday
no joke you're so lucky I don't say anything
DEMPSEY RIGHT OFF THE BAT
Elvezio invited me out for brews ugh can I just not take my final tomorrow
Every restaurant I've been to I've been poured wine or champagne. It's the facial hair and glasses I guess.
Jim Winn can do no wrong on bass. I've heard Ramble On and licks from the Batman Theme in the last 10 minutes, and they're playing jazz.
Nothing a quarter pounder can't fix
Whyy did I bug a full mattress? I permanently sleep in the corner of my bed due to the years of sharing my bed with my laptop.
Dave Chapelle, busta rymes, the \"moon\", late night pizza, singing in the rain, revelations.
Frogs out here sound like busted cellos. But these coyotes ... Kinda freaking me out. Like RIGHT across river from sound of it.
I miss when ppl slept on me. Now ppl just expect me to go hard
Going to check ER wait times at Dignity Health before slashing my wrists after this series with the . The were terrible.
Clearly neither of you know how to play Uno. Just give up.
I love my family and i will forever remember that they are the reason i am who i am. I have come this far because of them and for them.
I'm all dressed up and I just wanna go out and party!
Can't expect me to trust you if you're going to act all shady.
22 jump street tonight, 8:10. Who's down to go with me and ?
LOL TOTALLY FORGOT THAT FRIDAY IS HOLIDAY PAY. I'm a w(e)inner.
Apple......no phones bigger than 5 inches......your iOS is not made for a phone bigger than the current 5s
LIONEL MESSI GOLAZOOOOOOO
Here's to no sleep till I turn 20!!!! Can you die if you don't sleep for a month and a half?
What if the sky was turning red
Friday come faster !!!!! Disneyland awaits me !!!!!
FUXK DEREK IS JUST SO ATTRACTIVE IT'S NOT OKAY
I buy too many cases this is not okay
fuck this heat
Just heard Rude on the radio for the first time in the valley.... I no longer love the song as much as I did.
fuck i thought id sleep early too fuck
gotta b up in like 4 hours ... why do I hate myself
OK do not call me doll face 3 minutes after pissing me off please and thank you
.not too far off, I was getting my car washed. shopping center across from it is having exterior work done.
You're gonna miss this, you're gonna want this back
why am i thinking of bradley uppercrust
Stop spamming me faggots
Where are all of the annual pass holders? I only know of one and she was my least favorite Disneyland companion so far...
Then I woke the fuck up and saw what was actually happening
I'm an asshole to the wrong people sometimes
Well today is the day we die
So today's some type of anniversary for America
Customers at fantasy island are so rude omg SORRY YOUR FUCKING TWO YEAR OLD THREW I GOT IT BALLS ALL OVER SOME PEOPLE HAVE TO CLEAN THAT
I HATE clowns with the passion
When tells me my outfits fresh.. I feel so accomplished lmao.
Martial law is self explained ...nothing hidden. Democracy is deceiving but nothing and benefits only two Pak. richest families &amp; company..!
Also needless to say the most uncomfortable people in the world are the nypd doing crowd control at a gay pride parade
At a graduation dinner for noey and keynu and neither of them are here
Michael Dal Colle = Michael Del Zotto?... Close enough
can I steal his car omg
I don't respect nothing no more honestly . Just me cause nigga nobody gives a fuck about you
I hope plays the song I sent them. I hope they make fun of it and play soundboard noises after.
Oh yeah old fashioned ring announcements
ONE MORE LETS GO BOYS
Can't wait for my doctors appointment later.
Erybdy n they mama doin dah ice challenge... Lol
Whoever let milo leave gilmore girls for all those years should be shot...
Huge!!! Let's Go USA!!!
Tsk. Somebody put a detail on Kolasinac.
Please understand I've been drinking again and all I do is hope
Kayla is the only girl i'll tollerate hella bullshit from cause I knew her since like first grade or sumn
Counterparts in Jersey? Might as well
Wish I had that one guy that I can call my bestfriend
You look so perfect standing there in my $200 American apparel underwear that no one can afford
NHL Draft coming on shortly.
Rocky road time because I didn't work out today for nothing. Yolo.
$ skyftcyrus $ we both share the same luv for miley and sky ! ilu
Opening for &amp; Thurs 6\/26 at . Make sure to get there before 8 to catch our set!
I think I'd be a cool ass babysitter right?
Told my gpa Im into mixed guy and Not asians and he got all defensive and said \"great another zoe\" hahaha.
Once I have a full workout wardrobe maybe I'll start working out
Sara just quoted The Fault In Our a Stars during a serious matter..
My sisters joke of the day: \"how does Adolf Hitler tie his shoes? -In little nazis.\" I found that way too funny.
I hate chad
The outfielders swan diving into the dog pile was absolutely awesome.
Is Cain ok looks like he will be alright
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN... BUT IM OKAY WITH A DRAW TOO.
Todas las de Sasha Grey
feel like the best thing2 do is give up on this dream, but even when it's slipping away I still have some hope, never wanted anything so bad
errybody in the club gettin tipsy
The song concrete angel gets to me every time.
MY FUCKING BOY FINALLY GETS WHAT HE DESERVES
parents bickering in Hindi is sweet music to my ears LOLOL
just accidentally drank some sprite thinking it's water god dammit
Who is trying to get in on this game of clue tonight
Man work is killing my vibe and I ain't even clocked in yet, smh can I go home already?
It pisses me off when I sneeze and nobody says bless you \nNigga you fucken bless me, idgaf about your religion, when I sneeze, you bless me
I would just really like to have a Dolphin related tattoo on my shoulder
Home just in time for the premiere
Stop makin' a big deal out of the little things, let's get carried awayy
Awesome overload at Google I\/O today, time to get some sleep and then do it all over again tomorrow!
My house smells really weird but my room smells like heaven.
Doesn't anyone in this city speak English?
My sleep schedule is way off right now
Cannot wait to be reunited with my BFF tomorrow!
I'm not hxc enough anymore :-(
Crap, newd to do math
When all your friends are eating pizza in front of you and you can do nothing except watch :'(
tell me baby whats ur story
Imma keep it real but Cain is done every year he equalizes his losses
That awkward moment when you wake up with a cat in your bed and... You don't own a cat. How drunk was I?
Some people don't change they just pretend so they can get what they want, is call manipulation.
Eww no gtfa
Nobody calls me by my real name. Always by my twitter\/ig name lol
I hate it when people talk shit like mind your own business
house of balloons kind of night
7268 7268 7268 7268
I'm in the NYC Pride Parade Sunday .... cool lol!
I love you &lt;3 say something I'm giving up on you. x904
Mom: what's this song called?\nMe: This Is Gospel.\nMom: It's not gospel, really what's it called?
How can you not be a fan of Jeremy Lin? Hope Houston dumps him to the warriors
People just don't understand my good intentions sometimes...
I miss talking to you everyday
Yes I'm watching gossip girl for the 4th time, no I am not embarrassed
Damn the spurs are just better
yeah play the chorus 5 more times bc ur so good at it ..
Omg this pineapple my brother bought is the greatest pineapple I have ever eaten this is everything
\"all posts after 2am and before 7am shall be forgiven.\"
Nkosi fake as shit. Can't trust nobody in these city streets man
Since I can't tell who's lying I guess ima have to find out
Ugh, this guy is just so effing cute! I don't want to get off the train!
Breana is a lame and she know it
He who says he can and he who says he can't are usually both right.
\": dude don't get too shocked. She just googles them.\" I'm not fucken retarded. You ass !
Not the first time being called a bitch or a cunt lol
yo se que te gusta pero no te atreves!!
This nigga rob back on and I just got off
bikinis look much cuter when theyre not on my body
But y keke so bad tho
If they ask u how u doing tell me better than you!
I can be goofy as hell but I take me work seriously.
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
when parts of my body hurt .. everything is wrong with me .
i just wanna go home, &amp; just stay in my room all day.
Okay twitter I'm back you can be fun again
I love 's uniforms tonight but I keep getting them and Virginia confused.
Uhm I said the party isn't over\nWe can still dance but I don't have no rhythm\nSo baby take a chance with me
That moment when you can't stop thinking about someone ..
gonna show up to Abby's looking like trash srry
Tho the memories were So grand, the feeling after is cold and regretful. \n\n#&lt;4
start spanish 102 in a week omg fuckkkk
When pockets was dust bunnies now what's funny?
Why am I watching the conjuring
It's super impressive that costa rice somehow managed to deny them a goal w\/ 1 less player
Sorry but it's which requires swapping out with
Every team is using a buy out but the are like \"Nah, we don't need to clear cap space, we're good.\"
gretchen wieners voice\n\nyou can't sit with us
I just remembered I had the choice of going to a Justin Bieber concert when I was 9. I said yes but my mom said no. Those were the days
Perhaps my favorite part of the parade was listening to applause and seeing those great dancers
Two can play at that game
I want to gouge out your eyes and feed it to your dog
We drove by some dude and my sister in law goes omfg I think he's gonna go shoot up someone.
I like honest people who cut to the chase. Don't beat around the bush if you want to tell me something, just say it.
It's better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder what could of been.
When bae has a problem I fix that. She get to dictate.
Rather have a dude tht wud make them be socially accepted. Then one theyd be happy with
Milano is no kessel, take it easy tsn lol
Judge me, Judge me, Judge me, and miss out on my message.. It's your choice..
Cut Dwades ass all you want was the first one from the 03 draft to get a ring
I rather swing at love during free agency then be traded
\": you have more then one ?\" One that I liked did me horribly foul bruh. I had to bounce back
Some people really piss me off
Once you cross the line don't complain about the war wounds. Die like a soldiers.
Just seen a little girl fall and scrape herself on sidewalk and her moms reaction was to yell at her \"shake it off, you're not dying\"
\": The legal age of consent to have sex in Argentina is 12.\"
Confirmed: Dempsey's goal this match is earliest in World Cup history.
and that's why I need you here so hear this now, come home, come home
If we have a tornado we will make you go to school.
My brother drove to and from Vegas while we slept! You the real MVP! Lol
The guy behind us projectiled everywhere
What's going on?
bobs burgers is by far the funniest show I've even seen in my entire life
I should probably sleep soon since I have to get up hella early tmo
Leaving in just a few hours and still have yet to pack
Yo no se si soy muy amargada o la gente es muy estupida
Teen wolf is turning me on right now
I would fuck with a jhene and john track... They should just do a track so I can be happy.
Wouldn't you rather be a widow than a divorcee?
prolly going to this july.
\": Should be fuckin illegal to work today\" sign a declaration of independence
Psalm37v4 Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give u the desires of ur heart
WHEN YOU UNDERSTAND THE POWER OF GRACE?, SIN, SATAN LOSE HIS HOLD,AND ALL POWER FROM OFF OF YOUR LIFE TO TORMENT AND CONTROL YOU WITH FEAR.
Just watched and it was HILARIOUS!!! Rent it. Do it. Now.
ITS TEARIN UP MY HEART WHEN IM WITH YOU BUT WHEN WE ARE APART I FEEL IT TOO
Hey , I aint trippin .
Wtf snap chat froze then said I opened a snap and then logged me off -.-
It's time to say it good bye good bye
I hate having that one person on my mind and can't get them off! Ugh! Fuck my feelings :\/
plus I'm stoned so it makes it 10xs better
Nothing haunts us like the things we don't say
Usually it's your friends or extended family that sucks the fun\/life out of you, but for me, it's my mom.
Imaginandome Ensima De Tu Cuerpoo O.O
Alot of thinking was done this past week
Congrats to on your 2nd career no-no. You're a beast and your stache game is on point
even though it's fucked up\nyo i'm still fucking with u
It's just less about life experience for me. I would prefer MUSIC be the scapegoat into life experience. Isn't THAT the point?
All this packing is stressing me out
how many times will I watch Inside Llewyn Davis in the next 6 months
I tried to go to bed early but I woke up so I'll just stay up.
I had so much fun today do I have to go to work tomorrow
I kinda don't wanna go to Miami tbh
Back to Cooperstown today for 1 week of amazing ball, the Baseball Hall of Fame and just a fun time with a great group of people.
Nicole David accent flip flops worse than Jaida
funniest movie I've seen in so freakin long lmao i was literally in tears after i saw that
WERE GOING TO THE NEXT TOUND
with too much possession and looking very dangerous....
I GOT A 74 ON MY MATH REGENTS IDC I PASSED IM HAPPY
I didnt listen to her picked out the size i though i was and i was on point with it
Laying down blowing the maryjane getting paid.
Wow that was a critical save
yo is the new booty call
\"Trust yourself to love what you truly love. Have plenty of confidence to say what you really want to say\"
When history views that footage? I had no clue i was about to be attacked. Note i didnt even entertain using my 32 oz beer az a weapon..
Let go to the beach beach
Bruno got arrested again, shit ppl really don't learn from their mistakes.
I think I might be the most jealous person alive. Is that good or nah?
Told ya I love that guy.
Cain needs to stop getting hit with these comebackers.
In other news.... The 6 sided ring comes back to . I'm actually happy about this it's what made TNA different &amp; unique...
When Matt compliments you, you know it's real
You learn something new every day
You know those loud, drunk, annoying people at concerts that people hate? Yeah thats I currently
What a great game!! Congratulations Costa Rica!!
This will take some getting used too
found an dutchyyy in my fridge.. whos could it be and why is it there
ambers crying because Shawn Mendes is coming to NYC
If you like somebody, ONLY FUCK WITH THEM. Wtf
Mommy won't buy me a convertible
Ronaldo what are you doing
I truly believe being a genuinely good person is contagious
If jake fucking opens his mouth I'm going to get kicked out.
Get that outta there
Had no idea Sonny Milano was from Massapequa
It was so nice to see everyone, congrats you fuckers
I'm going to start a club for people who don't want to leave the couch
I think that when me and kali are in Vermont for a week we'll kill each other by the third day
When my sister realizes not every guy here wants just guys lol
No. RT : You kill yourself to Lana Del Rey music.
Best nights sleep in awhile!! Only 2 more wake ups!!
And new songs. Like they hit me right in the heart. But I'm really curious as to if the next album will be subtract or divide
Bitches be tripping over their brows when they dont even got none.
Something tells me DCCC gonna have another big haul today
We could've really used Landon Donovan at a time like this.
this sun burn is a religious experience
releasing emotions through tears feels like a weight lifted off your shoulders, but crying too long only makes things worse
i know you love me , ya nigga hate me.
My dream vacation is going to a big private beach house with a beach with my girl and getting a yacht and an atv
I think it's about that time I got rid of the lion mane
But like, she spilled her beer all over my new sandals and my bag.
Just going to pretend like today didn't even happen
my brother went to sb and he didn't get me any
Nothing says \"A day at the ball yard\" like salmon.
mArico todos los dias tomo pastillas
My parents keep asking me if I'm prepared for the chem regents...
Going from being with someone everyday to not at all sucks!
\": July 4th 1929 October 8th 2011 RIP King Davis\"
\": why cant i cry money instead of tears\"
Lmao I'm so cheesy, I gotta stop xD
I've been traveling from state to state &amp; I've noticed two things: \n\n1. I know someone in damn near every state (that I've been to at least)
Esa cara de LeBron no es de cansancio, es de fustracion
Home before midnight after a low key MonDate night w
Nah, we not even that anymore. Pushed me to the edge. I'm done.
Sarah just thinks she can rip her clothes off here.
*sigh. I was supposed to get off at 12.... AND I'm opening today.... I'm pissed dude.
mds kkkkkkkkkkkkk ri litros com esse video kkk
My goal isn't to make you forget your past, we all have one. My goal is to make sure you enjoy your now when it's just you and I.
Rather be doin dishes then drive through
Determined to be front row on AGT again this summer
It's like really dark but I kinda like it
I've been in love with him my whole life, his movies are all classics
I miss going on vacations
Mom, what is sex? Is that something you put on a sandwich? Is that some kind of cream cheese bagel?
the real question is why isnt famous yet?
\": \"Lyssophobia\" is the fear of going insane.\" the irony
qualquer coisa to aq nat, te amo
The real drag about going to bed at night is that you're basically only one conscious hour from being back at work again.
Goooooooooooooooooooooool de los Estados Unidos!
When a ghost was in our dorm room .. Haha
I want my summer to b lit like Ja Rules Livin it up vid.
*listens to hsm songs at 2:30AM* I am a possessed woman
But then again he's an alcoholic and has a hookah problem.
Monster seriously saves my ass every 6 am shift (which is everyday)
I'm not one to ride dick or kiss ass...unless u my nigga and u into that
The day after I go to a Giants game Lincecum throws a no no. Oh well.
Getting my Jersey on, the future starts soon.
\"Under the influence of DMT, the world becomes a palace, vast with motifs that flood the gaping mind with complex and wordless awe\" -McKenna
I am very territorial. I do not care. If we talk\/text you're my boyfriend. Period. You're mine. Accept this fact and let's move on.
It's impossibledo makeup when you're hammered..
Corolla &gt; RT : Fireflies outside of my window &gt;
Holy fuck. Dempsey.
I'm in love with the song already it will defnetly be playing at my sweet 16 on Friday ;)
My grad pics are fugly lmao. Didn't expect anything else
No one even compares to you
Un aplauso para el hombre que dice: \"No necesito otra, ella lo tiene todo\"
Just thinking about how packed bww is gonna be tomorrow makes me wanna stay home
online shopping be like $13.45 +shipping fees = $30.67 like fuck outta here with that bs
Happy 4th of July a good day to stay inside and pack
THE DUGGARS ARE SO WEIRD.................. why do you have 18 kids
I haven't gone to a strip club yet, I'm not down for centerfolds because I feel like they don't have talent.
Pull up on a bitch so loud
He's telling a story about when my brother asked for a slushie. Go to bed
Hay labios que nacen para ser besados,adorados y amados...
Im not going to pride yet
I'm not smiling just because I'm happy, I'm smiling because you make me happy.
That nigga got kicked in the nose tf
\"By the time we remembered, the ball had been sucked and the virus transmitted.\"- Lisa on ball pits.
People won't understand, which is why you should keep doing what you're doing
I want that chicks \" Don't be mad\" outfit
only will make a comment about Washington, DC NFL team lmao
I went to Baskin Robbins in my pjs thinking no one would be there HA HA kill me
They act like life was that damn simple
It's like, how can i run w\/o listening to lord of the rings? That way I can pretend I'm off to destroy the ring or something
After yesterday I don't wanna think about alcohol for awhile
Shout out to the DOGPILE SEARCH ENGINE in Chris Gethard's comedy special. YES
I'm petrified when GoT changes scenes...a conversation can follow with a torture, rape, or execution one
Everytime i think of something she texts me literally talking about the same thing
I've succumbed, starting Orange Is The New Black.
Some nights I can't fall sleep without my boyfriend. And tonight's that night.
I'm just gonna go back to sleep
Prendimooooo :D y de tanto humo formamo una nube
can't dwell on the past, let that shit rock
- What a great film. Hits home on so many levels
The money will be so Right next month.
i just exercised for the first time in 2 weeks
No need to watch the game if you have social media
God have mercy on me, I Surrender to you. Please help me get my life back, I dont wanna live like this anymore, this cant be life, Please!!!
I need the beach right now.
Duck faces are not cute y'all! Stop bombarding my snap chat with them!!! I got 4 this morning - males and females doing it.
This is going to be a midfield battle
To the person asking about deleting instagram captions: If nobody posted a comment u can delete your initial caption &amp; redo.
i'm not even sure how many people i've met today all i care about is chelsea grin right now
I bought this $30 shirt from piperlime and my mom threw it in the trash bc it showed my bra,that was 8th grade but she still not forgiven
Messi is very good at soccer not as good as me though
I eat more in one day than most people do in a week.
\": I need more friends who lifts.\" I really do
USA! USA! USA! USA!!!
The electric buses here in San Fran are pretty sweet
I need Disneyland in my life soon
Would it be gay to make a bucket list for summer?
Seniors check the senior assassins group if you haven't been looking at it!!!!
At work on that old school wave
DEMPSEY U ARE A GOD
Had to throw a drink at this bitch in that Kim KDash game
Can't wait to go to the fair but I need a listings of ALL carnivals in queens
Peace out America, Ireland here I come
allowing someone to kill my spirit
This game is so frusterating
Promise rings are absolutely adorable when there given and actually mean something.
The weather in sucks today. And it's .
Devils Wears Prada: got your dream job? So..? Don't let your work life take over your own life. Remember those who actually care about you
I got a heart , with no scars
Why are all these armstrongs like to hurt our players
Omg that french class I just dropped today \": 18. What was your worst class in HS\/College?\"
WHAT PLACEMENT! WHAT A TAKE, finally, the equalizer!
someone come smoke with me at brookwood hall
Last of the first rule set (and you'll notice that no longer applicable), and the next of the new set ()... starting... now.
Ohh shit, I must have mixed up the bags. Damn, Marshall gonna be pissed off at me on that one.
World Cup, game 5, game of thrones finale = Couch day
Black people would spend today arguing about why we shouldnt celebrate today but yet none of yall asked to go to work today either
I want to sell all my merch and buy new merch with that money
Brandon Flowers wasn't as good as Dennard last year, but may as well take a look, I guess? Could let them have lots of disguised sets.
Don't talk shit on someone &amp; then hangout with them -.-
I'm just not looking forward to this morning.
Yes. Messi. Yes.
I hope Kawhi Leonard get MVP
Any true Spurs fans?
SAT score : 1900\nNext time I'll get a 2000 I can feel it
I Laugh at the wrong times but idgaf
Absence makes the heart grow fonder sad to say
I know it don't seem difficult to hit you up.
Listening to good music in the darkness with good people is just perfection
Anyone else see that Argentine flag about the Falklands??? Wow!!!!
Im just trying to be happy with people that wanna see me happy
Pharrell got on ugg boots! He still stylish
Y beggers be tryna make u feel bad wen u say noo tho lol
you can't expect people to be real w\/ you just because you're real with them... Unfortunately. Shit just doesn't work like that.
Today's not the day. Someone's gonna catch my attitude real soon
My room: my happy place &lt;3
I've been starring at my ceiling for the past 2 hours...
Congrats to my baby bro on his gradation and his class
Puta madre que son crack los RT de
There is no point to lie , i'll find out the truth eventually .
I could never be happy for too long
Ojala Diga Que Si : D
Old folks talkin bout back in my day? But homie this is my day!
If my kid ever gets a trophy after losing... Ill make him smash and break it. Nothing wrong with losing but getting a trophy after it...
\"If you buy your July 4 supplies at , you can celebrate our independence from and dependence on at the same time.\"
RIP Jerome, you were a cool ass fish
Keep going keep going dont stop, grind hard til you hit the top
DWade jus got a taste of his own medicine
\"Do you want the truth or something beautiful?\"
WHAT WAS THAT !?! IM GONNA DIE !!
Last tweet of the night coming up now
Still riding around wit that stick nigga what the fuck yu gonna tell me
Stefan siempre haciendo todo para Elena y Damon, mientras ellos la pasan tan bien.
I TWEet liKE 500 TWEETS TODAY ILL PROBABLY HIT 10K TONIGHT
This dude Patty Mills is playing for a new contract.
Just took 8 benadryls, hopefully I get some sleep tonight
Literally walked into tmobile today n walked out with a new phone didn't have to pay shit
I got a thing for you :)
Let me just say me and the clique looked great at banquet
Been waiting 4 years for another crack at . Let's go
The shower is caaaallling my name
If I'm the Yankees, I throw at Napoli tonight. Say whatever you want to the press
The Flange That Time Forgot
Oh!!! so cute PooPoo bear :) I wanna hug (BooBoo = u?)
My phone has been so dry for years now.
You can find me in the Adam Levine section of k mart
Things are the worst they've been and i honestly don't feel like getting out of bed in the mornings. idgaf anymore about anything
I've achieved a bigger thing, no cash or check could be more blessed
So, I have all day in San Francisco tomorrow. I was planning on Alcatraz, but booked for months. What should I do here?
Wendy Williams in the morning makes my day
Subway adventures: woman eating pizza, man putting on aromatherapy oils, woman in see-through lace blouse, no camisole. Oh, NYC.
Nigga I'll fire this nina like it's her first day On the job and the bitch overslept!
Just a reminder to everyone that last night I outlasted Sam and I'm the best at everything ever.
I have to trim my sideburns once a week, this has become a problem. Why am I so hairy? Something has to give.
Might as well just go see something cool by myself lol
Miami got no defense
I work with a guy that when he speaks, which he never stops, sounds like he has macaroni salad in his mouth.
Lost a couple niggas this year..
I just got paid to spend my entire day with MATT FUCKIN BOMER.
I saw a pair of galaxy leggings on sale today and I almost bought them just because of how horrified I know would be
\"My problem is with people that vanish and then walk back in and expect to be instantly forgiven. \"
Fuck yeah Jermaine Junior!
PORTUGAL QUE PORRA ESTA FAZENDO
Wow i forgot u can swing ur leg and kick people in the face on headers
Bring on the Toby snapchat stories and instagrams
I need a new pre workout none of em work anymore
CANT WAIT TO FUCKING BURN ALL MY PRE CALC BULLSHIT
You know a picture is amazingly pretty when literally any Instagram filter looks good on it
I will tell you, celebrating other nations Independence Days when you are there is way better than how we do things here.
every kid cudi song is my life
If my tarot card prophesy back in December is gonna pan out, it has 6 more days to do it.
Hope this idea doesn't fuck me over in the morning
She only comes when she's on top.......\n\nof a different dude.
Just seen the Tiff Bannister porno. Did she really just lose her virginity on camera?
You don't got 1 degree but you'll get a phd for that thing you done to me
beckerman getting a beat down. hair status: still on point.
Fuckin' black bears, I want winter back and fuck it
Bangbros be coming in so clutch.. I be beating my meat all crazy lmfaooooooo
\n \n \n \n\n\n \n \n
Sweet boys &gt;&gt;&gt;
And please let your weak ass come at me bitch we been through this before lol
Every time I travel I have to leave half my suitcase for food
I want Ryan to come out of first class, signing me a romantic song, accompanied by Billy Idol.
As much as I hate it, there are just some people that you need in your life
I'm getting some wild ass calls today.
Pretty sure my mom is a angel and or saint sent from heaven
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! So blessed to be surrounded by such awesome people!
Craving a steak, mashed potatoes, and rolls like right now
i learned along time ago bein nice too a Bitch doesn't get you anywhere
They should bring on Donovan...
30 seconds in!!
If Ghana looses this game, a zero-point-world-cup-campaign is highly imminent, we simply cannot loose this game
All the fives better listen when a 10 is talking
Last week I almost fainted. now I feel like my heads gonna explode and these past days I been feeling like ima pass out
Don't u have anyone else to go talk to
What if Hobby Lobby were owned by a kosher family, and suspended you for eating bacon. The uproar would be such that people took to streets
ignore gross legs
I'm about to k.o i just drank this zzquil
staying off twitter bc game
\": From tapper to hip hop dancer this is Eric aka ! \" so awesome!!
I mean; it's like, sometimes you just really need a drank after a long day... Or before one... Or during one... Or even just an easy one!
Every single thing I do now will impact my future. It's weird to think like that, I miss being younger and careless
It is too much to ask haha
Good morning text = you're what I think about when I wake up :)
Teen wolf is gonna be legit this season .
Tell me if you want me to give you all my time
Es increible como un tipo tan preparado como Andres Felipe Arias, logra caer tan bajo por sed de poder.
Why is love, relationships and trusting people so fucking hard.
It's soo hot over here... I'm melting... I want to move to Svalbard!
I can't wait for my bleachers pack to come in I'll tear that fucking box apart
Drinking AND WATCHING THROUGH MY PHONE , Bobs BURGERS .....
gonna start watching orange is the new black tonight
Wowza goalkeeper!!! you were amazing the entire game
Maggie's mad Bc I won't go to the movies with her
I hate seeing my phone all cracked and ugly
I really wanna read 's and 's bookkkk
honestly, I'm sick and tired and I need to just go to sleep
It's Gay pride parade here in NYC. Wow amazing costumes.
pLEASE follow my friend Ilyyyy &lt;3
So far my shopping cart is at 18k... She said she wanted luxury, well honey that's what your gonna get!
Everyone in my family calls me the bully of the family I'm like the nicest one here 0_o y'all niggas be the one startin shit
I could look into her eyes until the sun comes up.
Jozy get up!
You have one .. 1 .. ONE motherfuckin tatt &amp; you really felt the need to put it in your bio ah okay I've seen it all now
31 seconds into the game?!!
You called yourself a for more twitter followers and you know it.
Just heard a 5 yr old girl say, \"but I don't want to be fat!\" When eating only a bite of pizza! She said she'd rather be a princess!
Only in San Francisco would there be dead stop traffic at 2:30 am. Jesus drunks, get off the road!
Smoking with Irene and her man
i'll always be a misfit
I'm too exited for this game
Give me a month &amp; I'll have the perfect model body :)
\"Soo much ice on me, that's why I'm Lit like a Christmas tree\" -Zaslav
So sad that I have work
The look of horror on a security guard's face when they see a dude in a shirt walking in is priceless.
im not going to fucking summer school
Turns out I didn't need to worry about switching terminals; flight delayed and am stuck in Philly again.
OH HEY MANU!!??
I just want it to be tomorrow already
I'm not going to sleep tonight I'm not wasting my summer.. Staying up all night
So I got new insurance papers for my car. But got no car to put it in
incredible games today - thrilling down to the last minute. THIS is the level of soccer that makes the World Cup the World Cup.
All I want is this situation to be fixed
You sometimes forget that you don't know me. Here let me remind you: FCK OFF
What good have or have ever done for this country they are both no talent and useless..why do you people care?
I wanna go back to APU but not go to class
My dad swears he can use my camera better than me. That's why I can't stand being home. Surrounded by noobzzzz
MY BROTER JUST HIT A HOME RUN AND I COULDNT BE PROUDER!
just saw a picture of an actual asshole on my timeline . gonna go to bed
Can I wear my cowboy boots tn and not be judged
Dean Ambrose acting Psycho after fighting with Seth Rollins
If I received over fifty Instagram likes... I bet my phone would alert the authorities for identity theft
Getting some xanz tonight YASSSSSSSSSSS BITCH
Overthink the most when im in the shower
BGC 13 needs to come fast sk can get back on t.v!!! We miss ya already!!! P.S. please follow back!! :D
U wake me up I kill everything u love
The Queen Alien, however tops 's\"hella salty\" list.
\"Your grandma unfollowed me on instagram and i almost cried\" -
should get ready ta go by neka.
I wanna work somewhere on 42nd who got pull like that at there job?
Funkagenda, Art Department, Mark Knight and J Phlip all in NYC on the same night.
The book will always be better than the movie.
all this Obamacare and you still couldn't get your teeth fixed
Griten duro miii nombre duro lo kiere ecuchar.........
YESSSSS USA USA USA USA
This is so underwhelming. Not like I expected anything more...
Respect humans that dance and take selfies with their dogs
Random goals for next year: Maybe join Warren Council, get Closer to my sibs , Stay in touch with Suite 300!
Since work made me miss most of I am now marathoning all the runs I missed on
MONEY TEAM RT : GOAL! bursts down wing &amp; slides an unreal lpass along the 18. Cicerone gets shot off. 1-0
i'm confused do people think anonymous voicemails and subs are intimidating? because they're not just shows how pussy you are tbh sns
so lucky to have my boy
Ab soul is sooo fuckin awesome if you don't think runs the hip hop game, you're truly fuckin up
Not thrilled to be spending the next 9 hours at work
Sleeping in my own bed again is like heaven
Dang he has a baby? Holy crap that is so crazy
People forget the good that someone has ever done for them
walked under a tree when I got home tht I usually don't &amp; a bird rly attacked me I screamed holy shit safe 2 say I'll never do tht again WOW
People gmt. They can't say shit to your face but yet have the courage to talk to shit behind you.
Tell me you're not wearing a poof. TELL me I'm seeing things
Can I stay in America pls thnx
A few of these apps are strange, . I'm over the whole \"download every new app\" thing. I'm growing into making my own...
you know I'm sick when I don't groom myself.
Aaaaaand should be trending any moment now. Good job, kids!
Wow within the first 30 secs eh? That's how the USA rolls.
I'm literally bouncing off the walls I'm so happy wow
If you were giving a chance to start over. Would you? And What would you have done differently? The thought is real!!
Turn down for what? How about work.
Happy 4th of July to all!
If you always talking about how your ex wasn't shit then your not over him\/her
Discussions with the bf made me call my congressman...now I know I'm a \"grown azz woman\".
I don't have a single pair of pants that aren't to short on my legs...
I'm a master at driving with my knee
HAHAHA what the fuck was that
What a difference a sound bar makes on the ol 42 incher
what's a place where you can get your screen fixed and it's not expensive lmfao
\"I wrote it, it's finished, now I've just gotta type it up.\"\n\nIf you claim to have never said this before, you are lying.
\": Short girls are the best girls.\" True datttttttt
thank god for a 4 day work week
A car with \"Big Toy Boy\" just did some laps in the hospital parking lot and left, weirdo
People complain about shit but don't do anything about and wonder why they're still in the same situation
Wait, why is it so late
I really feel that if I talk to you, you'll help me feel better cause I'm going through a tough time and I think you understand
Text me if you wanna come to my fire bruh 609 276 7647
Dr Jalaly owned a pharmacy in Iran.
Instead of water fountains at school there should be wine fountains
I never let anyone humiliated. But I knew I was ready and that they would humiliate me.
Messi's face Kano
My take is Greece don't make it outa pk's
Well you never really know but when they know, you'll know, ya know?
JERMAINE JONES IS ABOUT TO GET UNGODLY AMOUNTS OF ASS
My mom texts me everyday and tells me how much she misses me
Benzino and his mother didn't have a good relationship!? Damn.
Man I hate how the men's soccer drop on the floor and have a drama act. I hated playing with players like that
I'm a nice kid who does bad things
ah yes there's that synth
I been Urkel for some years its better being Jahleel
somewhere between a mistress and commitment
deserve this win. team moves on. great penalties.
Go Anne Peters, reminding the audience TWICE not to take photos of the slides.
Im literally within 10 blocks of my house at all times so why are my parents annoying me about my location 24\/7
I hope everyone on delray ave loved listening to me scream timber as loud as I could bc my throt is burning now
One clap of thunder and I'm wide awake with the lights on
done with this twitter shit b you wanna talk you know where to find me
Mollers final is gunna be the struggle though
FATHER'S DAY\n\"Teaching you, he'll Never Stop...\n Your Smart &amp; Strong &amp; Loving Pop\"\nHappy Fellow Dad's Day !\n-Dr Carl\n \"\"\". :::: ;;;
Right now I'm pacing around my house about to break down because I don't know what you are going to say next
Seriously... a yellow card
Whoppi is the only one left on the view. Yikes
Nigga fuck yo mama shoulda wore a condom
I love when my parents are out of town
FOLLOW ARE YOU PEOPLE CRAZY?
If you aren't my friend on snapchat I feel sad for you.. Bc I think I'm funny :-)
This the only time I will watch soccer the World Cup !
I'll never forgive Lydia for being such a bitch to him and he died like ...
Wallah les flic au states ces des cerial killer ma race
Yo when the fuck is the Yeezus movie coming out lol
got it all but I still want more so anything goes
I can see some upset people on Twitter tonight lol
If you don't know what a moken troll is you don't speak 3 year old fluently
Hmm is it worth it ?
I know I already saw them but still. Twice wouldn't hurt
So over being disappointed
oh my god how did it take me that long to discover shindol's cultural anthropology MY LIFE WAS MISSING SOMETHING SO GREAT
There's literally nothing to do but nautilus
everyone went to sleep all of the sudden
Thanks &amp; 500's PreMoney continues to be the most relevant early-stage investor conference in Silicon Valley.
\"If you lead through fear you will have little to respect; but if you lead through respect you will have little to fear.\" Anonymous
you gotta go double orange chicken at panda
Te que ria dar un abrazo
Hope this kermit twitter trend ends mad quick.
i still play too much gta for my own good.
My last tweet still makes me laugh lol
If you want to change the world start with yourself
But she's fucking perfect wtf ?! I just can't wait for the movie to come out
Following an earlier incident at 125 Street, and trains has resumed with residaul delays.
I wanna get am industrial :(
I'm forever expecting the worst out of people, and I haven't been wrong yet. That's the worst part.
I swear im on my level
Napoleon you're just jealous I've been getting matches with babes on tinder all day
I think babe fell asleep and it sucks because now I miss her
Si te quiere con \"k\" no te quiere.
estoy tomando un descanso no le digan a mis padres o si no me desconectan el wifi
I wish I didn't have to work on days where everyone and their mothers are chilling.
Can't sleep to save my life
Well if we aint doing shit imma napp.
PHIL OF THE FUTURE IS UP NEXT FUCKING SO HAPPY RN
Insultando a nuestros hermanos chavistas, no los sumaremos a la lucha, los apartaremos de nuestro lado. La amabilidad es la clave.
4:03am what r u thinking about?..
So there's a TV show that sets people up to get married WITHOUT EVER HAVING SEEN ONE ANOTHER, but gay marriage is an affront? Good god.
Oh my god jermaine jones
I just worked out after a month of straight doing nothang. Shit is stressful son lmao
Damn no lie I missed our adventures together.
Interviewer: \"When you were in Austin, Texas governor Rick Perry was here.\" Hillary Clinton: \"Oh... lucky you.\"
ANTES ERA UN PALOMO LA VERDAD AY QUE DESIRLA PERO AHORA AY QUE HACERME SALUDO
I swear i need to get the fuck out this house man i need my own shiit
TIL that I don't know how Swarm works.
This was the first EDC in a while were I didn't say at the end \"I'm getting to old for this\" \nSo next year or is that too soon?
\"No celebrities wanted to hang out with Nixon.\"
I wanna go to Fridays or Applebee's.
I will be very disappointed if my children aren't athletes
Wake me up when things are better
Ugh who the fuck bought organic mayo? That shit tastes like soap
Happy birthday to the founder of east.
When you got somebody good , you hold on to them !
The Isles drafted Dal Colle, fuck man
I need to be up in 5 Hours and I'm still watching Netflix
. Get Bob a drink. What an asshole
If we don't make some crazy bad decisions, we would have no good stories
I drove Bobby and Maddie to mcdonalds and didn't get anything. I'm proud of myself
Wanna come with me to bae side queens
Genobili slam dunk
Bro I was just trying to tell you something you didn't know.
Old timers day is awesome!!
We laughed until we cried
about the stuff that you're afraid to communicate about so it doesn't tear your apart
I'm tryna figure out where some of these unemployed people r getting their money from
\": forsure, she said just hit her on fb\"ooo yea duhhh okay I will
it goes from good to bad in a split second smh
You ain't gonna catch me with them sneak bitches
You're chill and it's wassup that you're doing wrestling this year again
DEADASS I don't care what you say if you fucked 3 guys in one night YOUR A FUCKING WHORE HANDS DOWN
And of anyone needs me I'm on the LIRR headed to the Hampton's.
Good thing I finally ordered an A\/C today, because the trapped heat in my studio is already feeling mighty nasty. Stupid humidity...
Came back home because it's toooooooo flippen hot
Almost got kicked out of the women's locker room at the Y for being under 18...
I guess as usual white ppl are more aware of what ppl of color need than we are.
0\/ should be considered a X.
Why're all silver creek people so flower child?
I have so much to say and too much feelings rn.
Just be happy that you're blessed with the basic necessities for survival. Some people around the world still have to fight for them.
I cant stand people who downgrades others
Hate when people talk shit without them even knowing
Happy ! We're open until 5 today!
Seriously e stone still up turn on and watch Little Women:LA
When I look at the internet now I feel like I'm watching a landscape speed by from the window of a train
Still awake and I have to be up by 7
Getting my gym membership back now that I live at home again. Hallelujah
It's serious when I put my headphones on
What a ripper
Guess who isn't wearing white tomorrow
Really , another ass shot???
Just as I cracked a beer, Jones put that goal in. Guess that's my new lucky charm.
Me and my brother are having a fart contest at work hahahah
I was stranded 2 hours away from home, in the middle of no where with no service (-:
Oh how u confuse me
I just want someone to text me and tell me they are going to miss me and tell me every little thing they'll miss and make me cry
I don't watch Doctor Stranger, but everything about it pisses me off. Damn shipping wars. This is much worse than Answer Me 1994
Chicken burrito again because there was plenty left over. Whole grain tortilla, brown rice, chipotle sauce, lettuce, tomato &amp; sour cream.
My stomach is growling louder than ally when she snores. AND THATS PRETTY DAMN LOUD.
Listening to The Beach Boys alone in my room... Waiting for someone to answer my texts...
People should really read \"the 5 love languages\", find out not only your language but your significant others as well.
do u like the way I flick my tongue or nah?\n\nnah.
Alright this is ridiculous. What the fuck Miami..
I made it awkward with oomf now I think
Don't tell me you don't want me around and then get mad when I'm not around.
she say she love me but she don't love me the way she say she love me.
these cramps are keeping me from falling asleep
Me and rach are tryna fuck shit up
Megan Fox is bae in every transformer movie she is in!
You gotta figure out what it is about your pussy that keep attracting ain't shit niggas- Katt Williams
I'm only a step behind because I'm cleaning up after you.
Tranquilito y bueno el muchacho pero no sabes que se quema por dentro!!
Happy girls are the prettiest girls.
Seee you in about 5
Draft at the barclays tomorrow! Trying to make that 250$ at work
21 jump street on FX
I love when people tell me they're proud of me.
Want to go to the fair tn?
I love how fake people from my high school are. You aren't the only ones who go out to bars just because you stayed home for school.
Lol wtf was that
when he realizes that we can do that when everything clicks
USA ties game
\"MOM MOM I met this Tall Handsom Guy.. He Caught my Attention .. \" &amp; Her Exact words \"Give it time , time will tell\"
Mama Raised Me Dolo All I Kno Is Yolo , Came Frm USPA To Rockin Regular Polo
I want a boy who will lay in bed and play Sims with me... And maybe make out every now and then.
Heading to PDX for one day of , and misc. meetings in Portlandia. Ping if you'd like to dine with me Tues night.
Happy Birthday ! Now go get yourself a Subway sammich!
DEMPSEY MY MAN
Well the spider that was missing is now on the ceiling, I can not reach that
Every night we drink to our accomplishments
god I love the stars so much when there's no moon out.
It was never a question of will he get belligerent, it was merely more a question of how belligerent
Stay hydrated &amp; cool folks! It was 6am &amp; it was already 66 degrees. It will be 92 in the East Bay today!
please pick me i am very happy about this and my birthday is july 11 the best gift of all would be this girl.
Good thing I have a gator skin as my next tiree. I think they will switch today.
sure in like 20 minutes I'm eating pasta
I pledge that when I graduate next year in 2015 . To stay graduated . I will not attend anymore HS related events . Signed Ana Castro
up too early to be working
Who wants to move back to Georgia with me??
It feels SO crazy to be back in NYC.
Ok so I'm not in your group anymore...
El es como un aguasero,le cae a todo el mundo.
Lol there's a horny facts acc
I was just a poor college dropout until I followed and turned into a billionaire social media tycoon! #
My favorite holiday :) happy 4th!!!
Why do I step on ughhh
Just because i work doesn't mean i can go crazy buying shit .. Gosh fuck outta here , let me do me
While all the time that I was loving you , you were busy loving someone else
I wish there were more themed parties
My Good Friend Edie shared with me she's been working on her Spec for 3 Years while she does other stuff. She said at least You finished.
I love when Kelly tweets about me.
Hate you dont fucking text me back but in person you are kissing me acting like we're ok. So done with this BS
NOT OFF YUSRA THO. SHE DIDNT LOVE ME LAST TIME I SEEN HER
most people complain about not having enough clothes while I'm complaining of having an overwhelming amount of clothes
bernadette is trying to break Danny's dick
Boi Mr karbz love muni eeeh
Godzilla Vs. The Clog Monster
Damn I forgot my earrings -5 swag points
What do I do if I haven't gotten my summer school schedule?
Huge pop for coming out to Eddie Guerrero's theme!
I now realise the struggle spongebob goes through with trying to pass the drivers test
I would've piped zendaya on Disney channel too b
As a goaltender myself I rep spect that very much
GAF posts are weird. It's like people can't decide anything on their own without posting to GAF first. \"Should I eat a donut? OMG pls help\"
Thanks for removing that \"tissue of belief\" still tissues left but we will prevail. thank you!
Ok Portugal quit it with the Ronaldo show and handle the ball!
Life's too short to worry; life's too long to wait
Happy 4th everyone!! Let's watch some futbol!!
Exactly 3 months until my birthday but who's counting
\"I'm pretty sure I threw up on my hand but I don't know where it went\" Tess madarasz everyone
Ugh coming back To VA Sunday to get the rest of me &amp; milo stuff
If Zooey Deschanel was from New Mexico, I wonder if she'd call it Albequirky.
I wish there was another wc game so I could watch that over the NBA finals
Time to move this puppy to the theatre! OPENS JULY 2nd!
Hell of a career for Shane Battier though
My god I love music.
I just watched The Great Gatsby and I forgot that the ending is tragic and now I'm going to bed depressed.
I hate New York sports teams so much
It's 8:30 and I'm lying in bed doin a whole lot of nothing. Lazy bum that I am.
Seriously. is such a babe.
Omg! This movie is amazing!! Coke, hookers, Vegas, a rented out plane!!! That's life lol
Halftime score: Made\/Bingo's All-Stars 41, CMC 32
Big blow there for the as Altidore is stretched off the field with an apparent hamstring injury.
STTTTTTOP OMMMGGGGGG THE STONE IS BACKKKKKK!!!!!
THIS IS MY SECOND HOME! GOOOOL
Me voy a ir a guate :)
One day I will own a house with a library bigger than the one from Beauty &amp; the Beast.
Once again listening to until I knock.
Yesterday, someone asked me if Maryland was close to Long Island. I ikd you not.
Pick up soccer games are to much fun
can you still buy xbox points or microsoft points in stores? if so what do you search online
An outie belly button can make a straight ten drop down to a strong 2 instantly
Portugal D is crazy
Kiss me like you miss me.
Well that's a kick in the face
Brother said stream chat was hella cheering me on. Offline Canada was getting hyped for me too.\nI FEEL THE LOVE AND I LOVE YOU GUYS
We listened to Warren G and Tupac tapes on the way to miami in our blue Cadillac fleetwood.
Yeah my pops ain't doing to well. .
Also GREAT trade for the knickerbockers
UUUUUUSSSSAAAAAAA WWOOOOOOOO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Straight up shit is real &amp; anyday could be ya last in tha jungle
regret taking a second language now that I have to stay for 6 hour testing again
Why are men such trash bags. I hate people more than I hate anything.
Lol why bruh just asked me if I wanted to buy a quarter for $90. Lmao come on man I ain't in Texas no more fuck outta heeeerrreeeeee
Stayed up dangerously past my bedtime the last two days
0049 leave Fresno that's my only advice
EVERY LAST PERSON THAT IS NOT SPEAKING WHAT THE LORD IS SAYING CONCERNING YOU.....THE SET TIME HAS COME....OPEN BACK THE DOOR...PUT THEM OUT
If you ever want to make me happy you can...
Feelin like i got macked by a tractor trailer...
I still have a lot to learn about Islam &amp; Christianity.
You could have a single ounce of respect
Today I won a cruise to the Bahamas. My life is now complete.
he looks like the dude from day Albert Lmaoooooo
AGAIN: very excited for yet another koons museum show. if you dont like his work, you dont know what sincerity is
if you see a girl who looks like a crack addict walking through shop rite don't be alarmed it's just me
how do the French not like peanut butter\n\nwtf's wrong w u ppl i would have sex with this stuff if i could
all I want is someone whos down too smoke, eat pizza and play video games
Don't bring out the crazy in me and then call me crazy
I WILL be in Russia for the 2018 World Cup.
Mike do you think Kate Murray will approve the new colliseum? \nOf cawse, it'll be great foah da economy dere\n\n\n
birthday s\/o to one half of my favorite duo: , thanks for making the beach entertaining w\/ buddy, have a great night!
I made banana chips to only find that I don't like banana chips.
pero tu cuerpo no miente!!
Jersey you are now on my shit list
Lots of people I'm not seeing before I leave, but fuck it whatever.
At the end of this week in going to reward myself
how doe my account look?
Alone drinking in the midst of the Hudson valley upper classes
wait were did my cousin even get a thong from
I'm going to make me some bomb ass bean burritos right now
I can't wait for \"The Decision\" Pt 2
So I'm definitely allergic to dog saliva which sucks considering the field I'm going into...I'm never touching my eyeballs again.
.I named my cats Wendy and Lisa... ;)
Aye happy birthday to j dawg!
Songs About You \/\/ Emanny
\"I don't have a boner for Rosa Parks.\" -
\": There are approximately 11.1 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. \"
I would much rather have a conversation with someone who had an issue with me rather than petty social media bullshit..... just saying
Port Jeff is dead right now
When texts me \"heller\" after barn chores..I know it's gonna be good
\"I long for affection but struggle with connections\"
ESTUPIDO WHY TF U TOSS HIM OUT THE WINDOW MY NIGGA
Everything starts with believing in yourself and never doubting yourself.
Dont tell em dont tell em. You aint even gotta tell em, dont tell em.
Jauh dari Cinta \nIsnin - Khamis 5.00 ptg\nLakonan dan . \n\nDrama baru.. best !!
Either I've have become really good at lying or people are just that dumb.
I've never met a girl who allows their phone to die so often
\"I will never get tired of fruit snacks. I will be 60 years old in a nursing home eating Disney princess fruit snacks.\"
Nothing turns my mood around like talking to
My dad is SO GOOD at dad jokes it's inspirational
I swear me and are such fan girls when it comes to teen wolf.
Well the fun is over fans and the fans can have all that fun...
I went to the craft store specifically for silver paint, then found silver paint when I was cleaning my room.
Just gave my 6 year old cousin and his companions some Budweiser's. Happy 4th ill see you guys when I get out of jail.
Brb writing an angsty pop-punk song about how I \"hate this town\" because there are no wawas. Also pizza &amp; I'm not sad anymore
Sometimes I think I'm a fraud &amp; no one cares for or respects me. Then I get all these invites for Candy Crush, and I realize it's not true!
I have the patience of a 1 month old waiting for it's damn bottle
Praying it's nice on sunday
I don't even care what I look like I just wana be comfortable
If you're gonna ignore me you can kindly fuck yourself
Yellow card is like \"plz stop\" and red card is like \"Stop.\" -explaining soccer to me
This is the best day of my life
I didnt have good dreams last night
I've been in this class for 30 minutes and I wanna rip all of my hair out
Exclusively been listening to on this bus ride. New York State has never looked better.
Nueva chamba Univision Felicidades, desde San Diego CA
New music before ramadan would be nice. Pls and 10x
always. just don't give myself enough credit at times.
The bitches who act like they too good to just \"chill\" with a nigga be the main ones fuckin the first night
I love takin bxtchs niggas , do that shit for fun
I dont expect you to understand me
I'm mad at myself for being so shy and nervous . I didn't even talk to them . Ugh
I have a habit of buying clothes that I think fit but then I realize they're too big and I don't like taking stuff back.
I can listen to this song for the rest of my life
Why in the world did I say yes to picking this shift up tonight ugh
Niggaas stole my BBQ from my backyard RATCHET ASS BROOKLYN
If you don't think Mr.Feeny was the realest on the block you my friend are mistaken
I really don't wanna do this homework
and to anyone that has ever wasted money on acne cream. you STOOPIT. the sun and rubbing alcohol.
Clearly it flew over your head \": he's been out performing them.\"
Have shown up for a community meeting about a neighborhood nuisance that affects everyone, but median age here is over 60.
\"I just farted and it was really hot\" -Dad @ Outback
Need my nails nd eyebrows done
some of these kids come in here 4 to 5 times a day like GO AWAY I GUARANTEE YOU DONT WANT TO BE IN HERE
this migraine just won't go away
That girl is fighting with makes me wish I wasn't blonde anymore...
Andi really loves the turtleneck mini skirt combo
she doesn't understand, i'm proposing to her this next week..
Remember when we went to SC because we wanted doughnuts...
FUCKING RIDE A BALD EAGLE INTO THE SKY DEMPSEY.
Joey chestnut just proposed to his girlfriend before the contest on tv.
you can't catch feelings for a dude that has a girl because 1) you're a side chick 2) he a bitch nigga for having two girls lmao
... and as soon as I realized the kid from Love Actually was in this, he got murdered by the scary ice skeletons. A lot of people died
I love harry styles so so soooo much he's my first celebrity crush and the first person I genuinely care about
Fire works or gunshots ? the hood may never know .
Honestly don't know why niggas beat their girls when you could just fuck the shit out of her
A 19 year old kid in Texas was given a life sentence for making pot brownies. There's so many things entirely wrong with that.
Por k el dinero no es agua pero te puede limpia
- lol idk about u, u be tryna do sum lil slick shit
Number 27 I bet over these years it's been 27 times and what goes up must come down till later
Fun way 2freak your dog out: while she's on the deck, go to a window from above and call out her name. Sit back &amp; watch the confused looks.
Feel like 100 bucks when you have the fresh edge up
I just want a root beer float......... With tequila
Atlantic city with my bf is booked:)
i feel asleep like 4 hours ago and it's 12:13 am
Told her ride me like a Harleyyyy
Gooooooooooool to Argentina!
Fuck your mentality.
Laying in bed watching a movie and i started to drift to sleep but my mind was still on and i dreamt\/thought of me just falling into a wave
Always on the run
I love people with accents .
\"Why can't the word MILF mean something classy?\" -Linda Meeks
I need you and you're not here
I have the best grandparents tbh
Ima still enjoy my day though
I LOVE REGGAE MUSIC SOOO MUCH
My mkm has come in my time uninvited 11 times in the past 10 min. Asking about how to set up a computer
Soo this is what a uncracked iPhone looks like
Macadelic has to be the most beautiful music for driving home from work in a thunderstorm
That's what I'm talking about!!
We will not go quietly into the night We will not vanish without a fight Were going to live on Were going to survive
One of the best games I've seen so far, Bosnia played really well, Argentina, regardless of winning, hasn't inspired much confidence.
These USA Soccer commercials on ESPN get me so hyped
Baby you're a song and you make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise
Tiny getcho lil ugly ass out the picture
Oh I've missed you cheesy World Cup opening.
Feeling another change to muh hurrr coming on in the near future
Oh my fucking god
ever wanna bawl up and just cry? yeah
only can miss 1 day of ss if i want an A.
Life too short to be sittin around miserable, people gon talk whether you doin bad or good
Goalllllllll Suck my balls Cr7
Free twerk videos from gret &amp; tor
Worst possible injury given Klinsmann selection strategy.
Mi cabeza esta llena de \"ojalas\" ...
Hoping for the best for Altidore but his reaction says otherwise
somebody buy my dog I don't want her
Body like the summer, fucking like no other. Don't you tell em what we do
\": lol lol too heavy for morning na and I'm not having a hangover!\" Save for future reference then.
Need to stay away, but can't.
\": Fuckin fagot that why I slept with the driver\" lmfaooooo smfh
Looks at Tyler Roger's yearbook photo everyone
Making it to 2nd base but saying you went all the way Monday afternoon to practice
. \nWhat do they say? The quote of the day!\n\nYou can bring a horse to water\nBut you can't teach it to French Kiss A Cow !
Hacer balconing en la habitzcion de nueva york esta siendo arriesgado ...
The thing is, he thanked them all on IG &amp; then posted himself with new possible BM's SMH
And I ain't ever gonna change
Yes I said 'football' instead of 'soccer' because logic.
Last Night was perfect but I hate how it ended
I just love getting away from the city sometimes.
Is there a more universal language than the awkward reaction to the jumbotron?
Cody should have said \"If you like her, ASK HER OUT!\"
IN HIS FACE DOE
Just need a some stars and a few beers
Just found a pack of cigs with a coue newports left in it in my room. My prayers have been answered lol
When I'm at family function and I here candy by cameo best believe I'm the first mf to get on the dance floor hittin that electric slide.
Congrats to &amp; just crossed 500k followers. Awesome Stuff
I feel like if I got a puppy it would solve all of my problems
You guys just got swept by the Braves. Stop posting your goodtime and smiling pictures.
500 can't get you that. How you get that?
I'm going to have to be a show off from here on out. Not really my style, but people would think less of me.
Who wants it in pool basketball
I've been through a whole lot in my life. People wouldn't even believe it. . RNS.
Penalty shootouts are always stressful to watch.
The Wii U is Largely Irrelevant to 3rd Party Developers and Publishers
This ain't what you want
Mais ouuuuuiii la photo subliminale dans les nuages ! (je cherche toujours)
I feel so disconnected with all the people back from my church. Idk I guess I don't wanna deal with all the drama in church.
I'm sorry for my snapchat stories lol
Nick cannon that was goofy:(
Runnin away from the moon to catch the sun quicker
Love you Tim Howard!!!
Soft and spacey enough to disappear
Follow me on Ig w3stcoastlatina
lexi \"thanks Matthew\" \nethan: \" get out of my car\" \n
Have you heard of any interesting startups or smaller lifestyle companies creating media\/video content like GoPro?
I really struggle with and almost 90% of the time I can't even figure out if BuzzFeed is screwing with me
Put on Sam Smith on Pandora and Leave Your Lover plays.
Missing snowy for the rest of my life
I want to go to the movies so bad! But no one is down :c
today is the 6,696th day of my existence
The field show routine should be great (:
RELEASE THE CRACKIN
im going to sleep fuck all the bullshit
Don't go to the fair on Mondays guys
Clint get back in there bby we need you.
Howard is a beast
.need to fire Incredible how Greece with 11+1 can't win vs CostaRica with only 10
Stan smiths everyday for the rest of summer. On god
Nobody wants to hang with the kid that has no car. That's cool
Wtf is the USA wearing?
Just watched an old man mentally judge me by looking at how I was dressed
That one moment when you get flat tire at midnight in the middle of nowhere &amp; it's really dark &amp; it's freezing
I just bought this song. I'm stupid.
Dont worry about a thing.
Sometimes it doesn't matter you just gotta cut a person off
That gif is too funny fuckn exploded and died
Anything that gets your blood racing is probably worth doing
It's better to be looked over than overlooked.
The players gonna be upset and gonna lose respect for the organization and probably Kidd nobody gonna sign to the bucs
I hope my hair still looks this good in the morning
I worked like an hour to pay for this shit salad
Love oovooing with my babe and best friend &lt;3
I USE TO LIVE RIGHT NEXT TO KALIN &amp; MYLES. OMFG
Made it to season 9 on greys anatomy.. Balling my eyes out ..
We are not what you think. You'll be surprised.
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY TO ALL THE TROOPS WORKING OVERSEAS DEFENDING THE GREAT AMERICAN COUNTRY OF OURS FOR OUR SAFETY &amp; FREEDOM!
I interrupted multiple families dinners just to say hi to
She got on a black nasty
I can never give up on someone I love it's just not something I'm capable of doing
If only it was just a little bit longer
why don't I ever get my DM's ? what the fuck man
emma just got ready in 1 min
Dempsey scores!!!! 1-0\n
Man niggas be having such bitch tendency, but y'all suppose to be real hiittas. Eat a dick
Best ER dx--&gt;&gt; malingering \n\nYour thoughts? ?
Reports Say Lebron Signs 10 Day Contract To Cleveland Cavaliers
Mac miller &gt; kid cudi
Thanx 2 isa i sound like a thirsty hoe SMH @ her
Not even know wah fi say right yah now... me chouw off wicked
Saw some homeless kids and their sign said broke and ugly so we gave them $3
It's scary how spot on my instincts are.
Dog, just move over. I'm trying to lay down but you're in my leg area.
I really be wanting to put niggas on blast
OH MY GOD KING KONE IS SO CROWDED
Never bring up a persons past without knowing their reasons for their actions
Tell me where on this planet you can find a party with such an empty dance floor like on
I just want to own a shit ton of statement necklaces
I miss the rivalry i had with
Mixed feelings for the job mayne
Come at me 4v1 again i dare you.
It's impossible to get friend zoned in Persona 4.....plus Rise was all over your dick smh
this week had been going by soooo slow
The boys are coming from inside da hood
well I'm glad I took a nap because I woulda been miserable right now
when you think something is crawling on your arm but it's really your hair.. gets me all the time
I'm really into this performance with gays men's chorus in blonde wigs. Fabulous, girl!
I am the person I never wanted to be when I was little.
You know you made it once you cop a tiger
Hospital tomorrow morning for second round
I love thinking about how day to day life was for people 1000 years ago.
Aspen has the best ideas festivals.
I think you're a tad gay
Stimulating the utility to become energy efficient and reward the for it
everyone here is so attractive I can't deal
Shots of coconut tequila to end a great family party
If she helps you parallel park without you asking... She's a keeper!!
Welp, lol that was quick
Land of Make Believe was so much fun!
these niggas preaching their 2400s got me feelin stupid af rn
\"Mom! Show Brandon where his booger is!\"
&amp; THAT INCLUDES MY SISTER YOU'RE THE WORST OUT OF ALL OF THEM
Ese \"Te necesito\" de santi me preocupa y mucho.-
Why is there a circle of 6 graders smoking e cigs here?
aint no pussy that good that you buss in less than two minutes
I have no friends
Can we please talk about my sunburn for a second god damn I'm a lobster
You're all Alone in a Sea of People
Thinking of my grandma for some reason ...
Ur a fucking bitch \"mom\"
playing into egos is also a good way to get what you want
I only actually care a lot about dogs.
Robocop is such a sick movie
If I had vanilla ice cream I could of made a root beer float. I really want one
Nothing more comforting than being in a black Lincoln Town Car. Reminds me of good ol' NYC. Be there soon bebes!!!
