Jus me and my fobs
In the last 48 hours I have gotten at most a half hour of sleep
One day I'll be at one with auto correct and it will be beautiful
they really gonna us go to school tomorrow just to pick up my report card like damn y'all annoying
Say muffin after swearing it makes it better
Being a Sounders fan is feeling pretty good right about now. My boy Clint
Everything happens for a reason, maybe I need to get my shit together.
The daily news is trying to racialize hip hop
In 53 minutes I have a high tide. I'll be 29 inches above average. That's quite low.
\"I'll have the most expensive thing on the menu.\" (at Jack in the Box)
Ma city girl I know you down to ride
I care less abour shit more &amp; nore everyday
GOOD MORNING AND HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!! BE SAFE OUT THERE AND HAVE FUN! :)
Hopefully Jozy can recover in time
Ghana is flailing limbs like rag dolls out there!
I wish I had friends... Anyone wanna be my friend?
Going full Vegan. Let's do this!
Teen wolf starts tomorrow and I haven't even watched the last season
Nothing is better than breathing in the fresh island air after a short getaway
sleeping in 's bed tonight and loving it because it's twice the size of mine and I'm p sure this is a tempurpedic
From the first day I saw her until the day I die, she's the only one.
Makes me soooo happpyyyy *little girl from despicable me voice*
7 shootings in Brooklyn this weekend. That's crazy
Damn I can hold up a conversation for hours.
That shoulda been a penalty
Just gave olivia a glass of pinnacle and she thought it was water:))))
You can tweet but not text me
.have you been tracking ? just read a couple great travelogues \/ guides on their site
All of my potentials are either in va or ga smh
looks strong! We need that equalizer
Its awk how my uncle is all hapoy talking bout his 3 day adventure in jail, like b sad for what you fuckin did.
Play a slide show of my funniest tweets and play them at my funeral
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! USA USA USA USA USA
That's why I wrote this song to sing my beautiful girl.
I'll run Pedro's bike over too For leaving my ball outside
the Black Friday trilogy is hands down the best South Park episode
\"His reign is usually dated to the mid-16th century BC.\"
\": RT!Want an amazing custom light decal? members amazing
are u fuckin kidding me tn pat foley just pisee himself I'm concert
Its been a hella of a month
Going with the flow until the flow stops taking me to great places.
Writing about &amp; brings me so much joy. I love these nidiots SO MUCH~Em
That's a beautiful goal if I've ever seen one.. Wow.
You've gotta back to ride the airtrain from JFK to the metro but you can't use your metro card.....it's extra. Life in the city.,,
And now I am actively cheering for . I do feel kinda bad about it.
Sitting outside to greet visitors and I can hear screaming from a few blocks away.
I NEED TO PEE AND THE KEYS WONT COME OUT OF THE THING
Just came from the brogod graduation
This is starting to become habitual and I love it.
what if the sky is a hologram, outer space is a government conspiracy and earth is actually the entire universe.
on the next episode of who *didnt* wear it better lol lol
TWEET PLEASE EVERYONE THIS IS SUPER IMPORTANT
I'll be much happier when I'm settled into my apartment and find a job that doesn't require me to stay away this long. Can't do it.
i honestly feel like dying rn uggghhh
And by virtue of the raising of the minimum wage I'm gettting a 10 cent raise
I wanna get in the union so bad
\": Best of luck to the USA in the World Cup today and beyond! \" don't jinx us worry bout yaself
YOOOOO MY MOM'S IN THE MOOD FOR PIZZA\nTHAT MEANS\n\nPIZZA FOR DINNNNNERRRRR
Stripers why?... Stripers why? Shouldn't it be stripers how and thank you.
My mom \"Keep calm and love Ochoa\"
Plane just had an electricity problem. This is heading into dark comedy now.
Dave and busters sounds so good
After three years, I think I want to change my twitter handle.
Selling my accord any one interested ??
Everyone tune in to Comedy Central. Workaholics is on
The Spurs are gonna celebrate tn
I JUST WALKED IN ON A MAN IN THE BATHROOM. OMFG.
How great is .. It's not even fair
stop fucking around with my emotions, I like you better when you're numb. I'm sick and tired of false devotion, devote yourself to moving on
I hope you all realize how amazing tomorrows NBA draft is.
YESSS USA USA
She want a man dont need a man
And her pretty legs go to heaven every time
Writing this paper listening to Lana's new album. Distract me. Tell me your opinions. Is this vibe not 12\/10
I'm not gonna be the slightest bit interested in soccer after this is over
Says the Floridian! RT : Hey hey hey hey -- My state is great.
\"They're gonna make a sequel where Hazel and Isaac hook up\"
I don't fucking get why the hell I give one shit about you because you're a piece of shit
Solarte has a whopping 0 hit in last 28 at bats
Printed out my tickets for Five Finger Death Punch &amp; Volbeat, and tickets for another show, Black Veil Brides. Successful night.
Why is my phone not letting me watch the game WHY
Idk who Julia thinks she is now we get it you go to Lbi every summer
Only one more menstrual cycle till I'm 21
Lets Go USA.
When I go back to fl I never want to walk again lmao
I can't sleep with all this back pain. I need a massage ASAP
My phones so hot i feel like its gonna explode soon.
I've been thru too much to take an insult from a child who got his clothes off a dead slaves back to heart
so much has changed since last summer
Met (and a lot others) this evening. That was nice :)
\": Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.\"
THAT WAS AWESOME
Eat a dick
I like how that coyote girl became human not too long ago but knows how to dance at the club..
got a lotta ass you gon shake that thing or NAWH
I'm about to sleep outside bc Matt snores so fucking loud
Honestly graduation is an ending to a new beginning
Nash can you see this
I hope Yifan will sing the theme song for the movie :B
When someone can only make you feel bad and can never make you happy, get them out your life asap
Staying true to my friends is all I have.
If your unhappy with your current situation, make a change! Never settle for less than you deserve
I don't even have 1\/5 from
Boss isn't here today; so I've been on my phone lmao. Whoops
you gotta take a chance because you never know how something could turn out
whatever makes you sleep at night
Ok who's your vote for the next Bachelor???
Jack Senior vs Tone-Dawg this Friday don't miss it
I send some OP snapchats though haha
Hockey fans gotta constantly compare their sport to other ones like chill bro we get it
Im finally learning to move on little by little. And I cant keep beating myself up for someone who wasnt willing to hold me down properly.
WHAT IN THE HECK DID HE GIVE UP ABEL??! GOD I HATE LIFE.
It's the last week of class and I say fuck o
HOLY SHIIITTT GO USA
Our mission has been successful. :)
Lol wait wut there's actually a house party in this town tonight
O Justin me deixa bugada com essas Mulier
WHY can't people walk in their own straight forward empty pathway &amp; constantly walking into me &amp; hitting me?! Yo, have sum respect
Why are there so many random cuts and bruises on me!?
Whats good for today tho i still have no solid plans
My brother is drinking milk out of the carton and my mom thinks he's \"out of control\"
This is NOT how I wanted to start my day! Bullshit bullshit bullshit! My ex is so annoying!!!!!
A haiku for today: When you're on the street \/ Lock eyes for just a moment \/Your life is now changed
Everything that kills me makes me feel alive.
We made German flags for the 4th of July......
For real been in the sonic drive thru for a coo 20 minutes and we haven't even ordered yet haha
Never bothered with the 2 belts before but with the way Cena's carrying them now I want just one
I love seeing curvy women, like women with hella hips is so sexy to me
I push away the people I need the most and it's actually a problem
I will now start Breaking Bad....
I feeling another tweet from him
On Saturday my cousin goes \"I swear if me and Daman weren't related he'd probably mug me too\" WHAT
wonder how many people seen it before me
lol I hate myself lol haha lol ha
It's amazing what happens when you just won't give up.
The run I just tried to take my lazy dog on was a sick disaster
dj tanner is my spirit animal
The people who sit behind me in class&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; STFU IM TRYING TO SLEEP!!!
Grocery shopping with me and isabel expect to play with lobsters..
When you finally start to grow up, the qualities you look for in a significant other drastically change.
Ion care how many times I watch this movie- I always wond up pissing on myself
Allez les bleus !!!
Vegas is happening! \\m\/
I love it when girls become ranger fans out of nowhere.
This summer&gt; last summer
Momma forgive me I'm tryna make a living
Dang wish I got good at lol
the best was when i heard all of her banking info because she was on a super-volume speakerphone call
Haley stop eating all the hot cheetos
YIU DID IT BABE OMFG ! JSHSVWHS
All the America fans who only know about messi in international soccer all just had a orgasm
is it just me or does jesse mccartney look like a younger leo dicaprio
To die, to sleep,\nTo sleep perchance to dream.\nAh, there's the rub.
THERE IT IS!!!!
I was nervous to shoot that gun hahah
All my roommates think I do hard drugs when I'm not around them
I had the yapper and I told they ass up
I would not want my boyfriend hanging out with his ex
That was on point Marcus !
Never got that text back today... It's cool tho
Highlights of last night: Lena killing it at the high tea as usual and me running back home thru the pouring rain.
Way to blow the game gramps
That shit is a loser job, fuck walgreens
I am a sinner who's prolly gonna sin again
Blonde hair sucks for a growing a beard
It's k guys I came. You can cease the favoriting now.
I have to say the fourth is probably my favorite holiday
Happy Fathers Day to all of you fathers out there.
I'm just going through the motions when it comes to watching the at this point.
El dolor es inevitable, el sufrimiento es opcional.
i love when people retweet my selfies
Your gut pokes out past your titties....
I absolutely hate the ratchets like no love for them at all I'm going to be prejudice to all ratchets idc if you're the nicest ratchet alive
When someone asks me for directions in the park and I have no idea what they're talking about I just make it up
&amp;for my pasta &amp; for various other dishes that need spice
I find it disrespectful when Stony sends me emails to \"Give online today.\"
YESSS 1-1 USA might have it
Anyway don't bother me I'm thinking about Burn Gorman right now
All hail Manu
Happy 4th of July , have a blessed weekend. GOD IS GREAT.
Cried too much watching Miracle in cell number 7 :'(
The world didn't get to hear the score of LIVE, gone 2 soon. Tonight will perform her song!
When people think you share bank accounts &lt;
Big misunderstanding about NYers is that they are rude. Um not so much...the driver just lent me his charger 4 my iPhone!
So now the Russians are in play ? Who is Benjamin Bratt working for ?
Are you fucking kidding me right now...
Lmao I cant stop laughing. Lil Terio hella funny
Never have I ever been jealous of someone's ass until today. She was a bad bitch. With an ugly husband.
Never realized till now how great of an opera singer till now
Just walked up to the high and back. Then walked up to th and back.......for no fucking reason sonn.
LeAnn annoys me so much
Ew emotions?? Feelings??? I thought I forgot about those make it stop
wow having sun burn is so much fun
Thats the 3rd blown lead in a row, come on Giants!
freshman year &amp; sophmore year were my best years of highschool .
Just cuz I vent doesn't mean I'm sad...but I just looked at petfinder at all the dogs I can't have and now I'm legit sad! Bed now! ;_;
No one has asked for my autograph yet but I'm confident at least one person will mistake me for a celeb
Syd always scratches my back without me asking that's why she's bae
I think Shake Shack might have In-N-Out beat. Need to eat some In-N-Out now for fare comparison. East vs West. Biggie vs Tupac.
I used to watch all these award shows but not anymore
I swear I can stare at you all night
Los problemas humanos nos toca a nosotros resolverlos, pero los que son imposibles, esos los resuelve Dios.
My dad ruined a good $200 worth of my clothes.
LOL WEED = WASTE OF MONEY
Demi: \"we should all share our species\"\nVesper: \"did you say feces?\"\nMe: \"Yes! Let's all share our feces!\"
chris rock not even that funny . js
HUHLOW guys I love Youuu
Between these past two days I've heard so many people talk shit on me it kinda makes me question all my friends frfr.
\"my whole life is just an ugh but a good ugh\"
I was unconscious for like 4-5 Man O songs, fuck
who's having a fourth of July party I can crash?
THAT WAS AMAZING
Am I the only one who isn't excited about the 4th of July?!
Girl lmk if you about it
Tony Parker is unconscious on the court
Big big big booty but u gotta big booty
Barely home from work holy shit
Nani is a bitch
My room is only messy cause I never know what to wear and I take hella clothes out and not put it back
I don't think kids should watch Dora the Explorer if the creators call their viewers \"vomitnose\" in the theme song. Just wrong.
Can we take a moment of silence for how pale I was before I played water polo? I'm never letting myself be that white again.
My bed has never felt so good
Literally have to be up in 4 hours y can't I sleep
def staying the fuck home tonight yo.
I don't mind being at the hospital the whole day ..
Penalty pap bon pou paske yo fatige stress pral anvayi yo
if I don't go tonight ima be really maddds
&amp; to think the 3 times was enough.
I've never realized how important he was to my life
Yeaterday was his firat time getting high lol
bruh my heart is still racing holy shit
Wishing my 38 followers a happy and safe 4th of July.
Almost got run over at the gas station by Cuz I didn't look both ways lmaoo
No one said it was going to be easy.
why is my dad listening to one direction on his iPod
Tbh I couldn't be a girl way to much drama in the girl life!
money come &amp; go . bitches come &amp; go . don't shit last .
Having sensitive skin is the dumbest thing EVER
THE U.S. JUST SCORED?!?!?!!!???
What a fucking strike!!!!!
If a nigga want beef ima send my shortys on him
How old do you have to be to get a helicopter license?
If I have to listen to one more conversation about EDM, shuffling and raves..... I'm breaking beaded bracelets, bruh.
I really wanna chill with
Its sooooooo important to have good guy friends. I dont talk to mine everyday but they're the realest and I love them.
&amp; we hop in the Range..
So only 20% of Brazilians are rooting for Brazil? Really?
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you.
I need to be back in that routine, hopefully with a steady job and workout routine attached to that.
USA GOAL!!!! LISTENING ON THE RADIO!!
gotta be the weirdest motherfucker on this planet lmfao
Im very fond of my parents tbh. Couldnt do all the shit i do without them.\nAnd no one id rather have be my biggest supporters, dusk til dawn
All jokes aside.. I just choked because Malia's outfit isn't color coordinated
Having so hard right now
I will take any opportunity I can to show the world U.S superiority
Wow this is a really strange dinner... What the hell is going on
The only festival I'm REALLY trying to make it out to this year is Fun Fun Fun. Nas, Judas Priest, Deafheaven, 2 Chainz, Pissed Jeans. Damn
Who knew you could be so ungratefully arrogant?
When you don't go to see for a fourth time because of a hurricane. Going to miss a great concert and great promotion
0 to 100 real quick, but 100 to 0 even quicker
Let the slaughter begin!
\"It takes the typical person 17 months and 26 days to get over an \"Ex.\" Nah
How nice would it be to jump of a jetski into a lake right now with your girlfriend
Why is 97% of the gay population idiotic?
Gotta spend money to make money
One day i realized that i was no longer in love with you, i was just in love with the idea of you and was holding on to who we used to be.
Pothead is such a mean term. I prefer Marijuana Enthusiast
Can't decide what bartender is hotter
HTC One M8, Galaxy S5, Nexus 5, LG G2 or Sony Xperia Z2 ???
Lil Wayne looking like somebody's Mom going to look for them outside in the middle of the night...
I saw a kid get hit in the head with a hockey stick today. How am I supposed to deal with that??
The Dai Ali are still shady af
Nothing can go wrong when your in love with the right one, and if it does its easy to fix because she is the true one.
Really! ?!? Goal in 36 seconds
Thx I think I might be Walter White before he broke bad!!
CAROLINA TE AMO
Subtweet: He dipped the rice in the sauce, and then DIDN'T dip the meat in anything...
Remember who I am cuz you got me mother fuckin twisted
Fcckk it only one on my mind
Hmu if ur down at the beach
The thought of leaving this place again literally kills me inside.
Nah there are to many fish in the sea to live that trifling life...
America's playin in 12 hours I'm ready I'm ready
pq eu n tenho sono toma no cu
BTW @ sarah i got prezel m&amp;ms on ym way out
This rain is a cocksucker now I'm gonna have 100 bitches in my fucking house
It's fine if you go somewhere without me but God forbid we go somewhere without you
Expect no videos in the following week. I'm on a huge road trip to Washington D.C. I'm in Brooklyn, NY curretly.
Someone should definitely have something tonight because kel needs to get drunk and I could go for some drinking tonight
Hasta la mas perra se enamora
Wow I wish I could sleep bc I'm already hungover and have work tomorrow :-)
So like I feel like we are slowly drifting apart...
Surin sos un colgado del ojete, te odio JAJ
All the poor peasants and the slaves to society missed the United State's fastest goal ever.
Aiden is a cute baby name
God I really hate this kid...can I break you??
Well this bday is already a piece of shit\nAt least my ex made it fun for me last yr
Is that the sun I see?
I be feeling like the man when I walk through.
Of course someone from my sleep away camp is sitting in front of me on the Acela
OneRepublic &amp; The Script concert with
damn I love being ignored :)))
So Jel of the girls eating Chinese at the moate....what I would do for salt and chili chicken
I just made chocolate mousse. It, however, needs to cool for THE NEXT SIX HOURS.
Becoming a Gold card member [check]
a lay para de falar cmg do nada :c
If you drop money and I pick it up. You beat bruh. Thats all. U got caught slipping
keg washing stations start at $17k.
Does write her own battles???!!! Is she known for her angles what are they
I kind of just took my phone &amp; my grandma didn't day anything
What to the American slave is ur 4th of July? FD answers a day that reveals to him more than all other days in the year the gross injustice
That's one way for the USA to start off
Still, to this day, the best 4th of July party i've been at was at 's place down in Georgia a couple years ago
hahahaha last night was a shit show
All i wanna do after work is sleep
I wanna smack you rn
Remember when \"engineering\" used to be a profession that required a lot of education and training?
Unbelievable goal by Dempsey!!!!!!
Love how theres a paleteria near my house
whether I become an art therapist or a tattoo artist (obv tattoo artist wldnt) I don't think therapist really descriminates against tattoos
Kurt Cobain held Frances during so many interviews. He loved her, but killed himself one week after last playing with her (April first 1994)
Let me Know if Theres Gonna Ever Be a You And Me i Dont Have Time To Waist.
If you judge and condemn others, you empower and justify your relationship with negative emotions.
Last day of school is always difficult saying goodbye to students you will likely never see again, but pray that they are successful.
I dont understand why everything is my fault.
For now is not forever
Literally just stood on the stage at jones beach, this is awesome!
Tenia mucho sin leer Los tuits de mi amada
FAV AND ILL DM YOU SOMETHING REALLY CUTE
Why is it still 2-0...
\"If there's one thing I don't doubt about Jen it's her liquor consumption...\" -
I hate staying home doing absolutely nothing because then I just eat my entire fridge.
Is it weird that I've been working out for the past 10 minutes and just noticed I was working out?
All I wanna do is go to electric zoo this year but no I'm too busy being poor
Like I shouldn't here your loud ass from the park to my house
Why do you have to be so far from me
the nypd make me feel paranoid not protected
Moving to CT was prolly the best life decision I've made! Gettin that money and learnin so much
Happy 'FU Britannia, We Won' Day!
Yah momma ain't funny tho
you know, its totally awesome having conversations regarding your sex life broadcast on national tv. FML. sorry mom
Not to mention the agonizing pain and inability to lift anything w\/ my right arm
Not sure if has anything left but they've weathered the storm. Good job not letting the scoreboard get... ;-)
We are open! Now til 1am
makapasok nga sa bahay ni kuya para naman mapanood mo ko bumati ng bumati sa cctv's sayo :(
I go to bed at 5 am and wake up at 4 pm. why do my summers have to be so lame?
One goal definitely isnt going to hold up.
I'm drunk as fuck with my family hahahahaha
I wish my bedroom was closer to the kitchen.
Tears are threatening to spill but they won't come out.
I leave my AC on while I go running so when I come back into my room I feel like I'm in Antarctica
These hoes youse to duck me these Homade hot wings and fries plus blue cheese now these hoes wanna fuck me
If the kids next door could stop fucking screaming, yeah, that'd be great.
If I was to receive a medal from the president, I think I would wait for a president that actually loves America.
Say my name to these hoes.
girls be lookin dumb right in they pjs.. Just sayin
St. Regis bar after Google I\/O &lt; St. Regis bar after WWDC
Disfrutando la celebracion del 50 anniversario de la Primera Iglesia Bautista de Bay Shore.
This nigga Tariq got me dying
Watching my 1st Transformer movie. Does not seeing the others matter?Theatre seats are recliners. I'll see a good movie or take a good nap.
It's scary but I think Miami might be able to push this series to 7
Crazy train has always been one of the most annoying song to me.. Sorry Ozzy :\/
im losing compassion for everyone ... even myself
Eat a dick Ghana
summer 2014: when I lost my linkedin virginity
Whoever have me mono must be so happy that a little part of them will be all over social media with my feed
Never ending penalties. My god. These goalies slacking
If someone misses you or wants you in their life they'll make time for u no matter what.
It's like a never ending pms
your immaturity makes you less attractive
Isn't it amazing? You have memories entirely specific to you, and grew up in a specific way. Humans are like a blank canvas.
I was hoping I can sleep in until 11, but I ended up waking up at 8:30 *sigh*
Grill pan? More like smoke pan.
Well I hate you too so it works out!
Jay threw away my phone at a Mexican restaurant
After a little prompting from Britt and my friend Hayley (who works at Applebee's) I went and said hi to him and asked how he was doing...
The people at Planet Fitness today are intense.
Se'Yanna Senai Jones is not my best friend. C'Varia D'Leesha Burton&amp; Asyia Marie Bonner are my best friends. Se'Yanna is my sister.
If you focus on what makes you happy, you'll live a happy life,imperfections and disabilities are all illusions created to darken happiness
these Bosnia guys are so freaking beautiful
California has the perfect weather for the devil
can we fast forward to 11 so i don't have to see anything about chemistry again for the rest of my life
Finally all caught up on and with a half hour to spare before the premiere of season 4.
I only do my hair once a month why the trip
Spurs have claimed their revenge!
Silicon Valley University is our last stop.
reading french milk by makes me miss paris dearly
Been in USA for 5 years today weeee
How much is a plane to Cali
About to go for a run. \"Fasted\" cardio.
He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. Psalm 147:3
Definitely in a conversation with people I don't know what is going on lol
What is Michael Bradley doing
Its a beautiful ass 4th of July in NYC
you can't booty call someone who lives 40 min away, learn the fucking rules. i'm not paying tolls for some ass
this girl told me my ass looked weird so ever since then i've been scared about my ass but there is literally wrong with my ass
Jozy has a strained hamstring. BALLS. And now a bloody face? Woof.
Things that hurt this morning: feet, legs, groin, butt, neck, shoulders, back. Everything? I guess that was a better workout than I thought
Lil wayne all down my TL
This is not Hockey! If a player loses the ball at midfield u don't blame That player when 4usa defenseman couldn't block 1
I be feeling these long ass talks w\/pops , that's my ngga fasho
ya me vicie mucho en el tw, nos vimosss
Holy fuck, my arm just locked up for a few sec.
They say she not playing Aaliyah anymore
One of my weaknesses is that I never have a hair tie but it works out bc one of my strengths is putting my hair into a bun without tools
there's a crack in the concrete floor and it starts at the sink. there's a bathroom in a gas station and i've locked myself in it to think
When a friend says they are in a bar down the block from my apt it would be rude to not stop by for a drink right?
Now it's like okay I'm just gonna leave the country and you can't stop me
I gotta cut my hair .. Damn,just cause of this weeding next week
Getting a shout out from , &amp; pretty much made my day! Much respect!
I hear it takes 1-2 days for the body to adjust back after a cruise. Still swaying on day 3. Maybe I should get back on the cruise ship.
Buy me in n out so I know it's real.
Can I just live close to mah niggas or what.
If you're going to do something you'll deny or regret later then Don't fucking do it at all !
Reading Nice is just a place in France by &amp; watching Bride Wars
Wtf wrong with this heffa ?!
Costa Rica making history and oh wait their coach is Colombian? Haha no surprise
Ya girl ain't loyal she been fckin me
Ugh too much sports on the TV right now
Damn, Manu wants mvp.....
This is a dream
This Saturday were going to be at at 3:30 on the second stage! Free show on the beach! Gonna be so dope, come through!
one more year bro and then I'm out idgaf
People have to stop scaring me with this shit
would be so sick if DJ played some Carl Stalling at the PC Worship show on Friday :)
Costa rica just have to make their next pen.
Next time youre a lil salty, think of a T-Rex trying to jerk off or put a condom on...youre welcome
I'm so annoyed I wanna too someone's head off
I still haven't been to the beach sober
It's incredible how easy he makes the game look.
God takes us to the edge of impossible situations only to open the door to an extraordinary opportunity.
when you have a car and start driving don't be fooled by the friends you think you have
Fuck man I hope they don't count today as an absence or else I'm fucked!
Judeo-Christian ETHICS must be exported to Mid East! Instead of $ build &amp; lease prison space to care 4 our worse! Teach them!
Sons of anarchy is getting so goood but I neeeed to go to bed SOON.
She just really want me for my gear
These birds behind the stage though lmao
Can't believe Beyonce fucked Nas and Marques Houston.
Why don't people get that simplicity goes a long way. .
Bring back chris tucker or kevin hart
What a fuckin goal!!!
My mom and I bond watching south park
Take my hand lets c where we wakeup tomorrow best laid plans sometimes r just a 1 night stand I'll b damned cuspids demanding back his arrow
A lot like birds is mad good
Underrated is that in soccer you can get injured and get treated on the field while the game clock runs
Watching pain and gain again
You everything that these plain bitches couldn't be
S\/o to the whole Bay Area, we up
Can the announcement be 5sos please like headlining an American tour because I'd cry until I graduated college
No matter what you say or what you do\nwhen I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Water break! Anyone?
I just want to be together.
DJ Khaled is so fucking annoying
\"La vida no se trata de ser un ganador o un perdedor, se trata de ser uno mismo y dar lo mejor.\"
Quote from a child to us during user testing: \"It can talk to you! Can you show me how to make a robot?\" In due time, little one.
I just ate mongolian yet I'm craving pizza
Miami wasn't challenged this whole playoffs
So Mexico basically has a brick wall as goalkeeper
Happy 4th of July from 20 Hawley Street, where our fridge, stove and microwave dont work, along with half power for everything else
Final whistle blows with the Roos taking the W by a score of 5-2!!
Can you not tweet about soccer
Party tn all seniors r invited females in every grade are invited as well.the only people that need an invite r guys that r under classmen!
I mean, it's not like I lost my voice or anything
gotta figure out what I'm gonna get into this week.
fuck leg days, I lay down feelin like my legs about to cramp up
How are you gonna call me and ask me what I want
Ill take its time but ill get there!
FYI I've already started to receive compliments on my - Thank you!
My boss just said to me \"go jump up and down in that top and point to our stand\" oh k.
You can't not go to lil v's and not get a slice
Michael Bradley better not be next
Just finished homework I feel ima throw up if I don't get sleep lol
PLOT TWIST: my hair really isn't real, it's extensions
I don't NEED compliments about my weight loss, but it honestly does motivate me to work harder!
Should I act human and eat a donut? Or maintain my clean diet? Hmmmm
I have yet to find an inappropriate time to play \"No Diggity.\" Its 90s counterpart \"Pony\" is a completely different story.
Varsity Blues is on !!
That's really convincing .
10 20 30 40 TWLL ME. THAT YOU. WANNA. SCOLD ME.
Ok if Germany wins today .. that'd be great!
Fuck I smoked not even half that blunt and I'm high... As f
Happy birthday Anthony, lovealways. Hope you good up there breh
I may hate the heat but I got to admit they have had a run that belongs in the history books
You got it! ;)
Tailgating at Jones Beach- OneRepublic :)
I get no love on Instagram
OH NO, THE BUG GIRL FROM LoZ:TP IS IN HYRULE WARRIORS... STOP IT STOP IT I DON'T WANT THE GAAAMMMEE NOOOOOOOOO
Why is this dirt bag in my house
If you WEREN'T such a whore we wouldn't have a problem LOLZ
Call me while I watch this scary movie lol fr tho
The worst thing you can have at a theme park is fast pass. Pay to win is not cool.
You are far too kind, . Plenty more hotties in Florida, where you come from :-)
I actually really like Sage the Gemini... Sorry but he's fine as fuck...
U S AND A
I aint met a nigga yet I woulda made my right hand
You dont drink poison and wait for it to kill your enemy
The Bay Area can have all of me
Its weird how I can look at you now and feel disgusted that we even dated.
Common looks like Starkey and Jon Black's father
Gago en mi equipo juega siempre.
\": I love you so much,you make me smile and happy&lt;3Thank you my love&lt;3 I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOU IN ICELAND!!&lt;3\"
My birthday in 2days just wait on it.
I've lost all my respect for so many people
No one drinks just one CapriSun.
I want U.S.A to win in there group stage
Nadie le pudo decir a Rueda que SUIZA estaba goleandolo a Honduras. Nadie?? Llevo a Martinez, Ayovi, Rojas, R. Ibarra a pasear.
Beat that messi
I think a big part of my downwards spiral is the fact that I don't see my friends everyday.
I just want to sleep, but everyone wants to go out
The announcers keep talking about how the team is totally different. We know they suck now, no need to keep talking about it.
I want an edible arrangement for my birthday plz fruit gods
clap for Rex cuz she knows how to count mother fuckers
When my dad goes to work, he builds sonars for submarines. When Cole's dad goes to work, he flies over submarines. Cole's dad is a pilot.
there are so many throwback shows on at this hour
Don't wanna go too far just to take it slow
Your loyalty is what I need.
When fat girls wear all white it looks like they bout to start levitating
that wig is awful! pls press charges on that car that tore that dress up.. .. 'How the hell can u sit?
I'm not quite sure what I feel towards you...
So tired of bein dragged down. Misery loves company
Dance. It's all I wanna do, so won't you dance? I'm standing here with you- why won't you move?
Bout to hit the button.
Mmmm...humidity. Didn't miss that while I was in Portland.
I can't wait to see the beautiful this weekend &lt;3
Let's win tomorrow boys. Now it's time to watch some
CAN YALL POST PRE EDC PICS ALREADY!! I WANNA SEEE!!!!!!!!!!
I could really use anything to cheer me up right now
What's normal anyway ?
I'm so sleepy but I got a fever I'm mad warm
Happiest of bdays to mwahs!
Gooooodddd nighttttt! \nWLC, here I come!!!!!
I see a softball game in my future ..
That's my jam gets me pumped
Sleep all day up all night. I might as well be nocturnal
Speaker said reporters need to be more surgical with FOIA
In a way, I got my best friend back
Ima color my lightbulb blue an see how it it looks lmao
Nothing like waking up with what feels like metal shavings stuck in my eye
24th St is *silent* you guys \/ Where are all the drunks\/crazies \/ Does this mean the Zombie Apocalypse started?
Me and my broski been coolin all day, we on them quads tonight who wanna cone ride em, we got two
black bird with an orange dot out here (oriole?) that sounds like AOL dial up internet. Weird details make me like the
Raausclaut what a goal from di US
What can I do to help you?
I don't think I've ever been so anxious in my life
If it ain't one thing it's another
Studying ya body that's exams for da boy....
As if you even own anything from Tiffany's you fraud ass bitch.
WOW JUST WOW
Someone talk to me right now, I am so beyond bored
\"when dance moms comes back, my personality comes back\" ~
My take on the Redskin debate: if even one person is offended, the name should be changed. Plus, imagine the $ earned for selling new gear.
Stop dming me to follow you on Instagram , kik YouTube or any other sites
GUYS JENN IS MY NUMBER ONE YOUTUBE OKAY AND SHE FAVORITED MY TWEET AND IVE NEVER BEEN MORE HAPPY
If Swisher is going to continue to be in the lineup, Francona needs to switch him with Gomes so Chisenhall has some protection .
Dreams of being a soccer mom
I AM IN TEARS JERMAINE JONESSSSS
Even after all this time, it still feels too good to be true...
On HD Slow mo reply? Think about every blake griffin dunk in real time v. annoying slowed down faces.
A mole is forming on my left wrist so it's been sort of a busy month for me
Sometimes I have to take a step back and talk to myself like I'm talking to a friend.
I have to catch the 7:23 Q Train and here I am, not asleep.
I need to go to church Sunday morning
That moment when he was telling me how they fought with some niggas in the park... Bruh Bruh I'm not 7 years old! Tuku ho talanoa ta'e
Since 2004 until forever Every Single Moment Infinite times God Damn Shane Jordan Classicalite .Taylor Swift Just mine, I'm Hers.Enough LIES
\": \"F*ck being nice. Be GOOD.\" - on nice guys\"
Your Bible tells you what time it is. \nYour Bible tells you to .\nYour Bible tells you to focus on . Do you believe God?
Lol apparently I come off as a miserable bitch. Thanks mommy
Jill Abramson, mere minutes into her discussion of NSA investigation at - \"Being the pushy broad that I am ...\"
I mean, it wasn't THAT good. You over-exaggerator, you.
Happy 4th of july bitches hope to see yall gettin rowdy tonight
my favorite part about my journey this past year has been all of the eclectic people I have met.
Fatest goal ever.
Happy Frugal Friday Twitter Fans! \n
What is this drama about a sandwich?
i really want that jigen movie totebag i'm gunna KILL FOR IT
Do watcha want \nI'm not your girlfriend\nI'm not your mother
End of sixth inning, Giants still losing 3-0. It's only 9:00, but some of the already staking out the joint. It's early, birds.
Finally caught up on PLL. Now I need another show to watch.
Might get to leave this overnight shift early
Standing here waiting to get tickets for my bus. Caught some stray wifi on my iphone.Writing some short story scenes. Anyone wanna check em?
Some Short Girls Are Fucking beautiful
Me and are so gay.
Celebrating Independence Day knowing that The Supreme Court has made a very oppressive decision.
someone bring me to fireworks tonight or something pls
Mikey said the lady who works at the dollar store told him happy Halloween. \"I'm not that ugly!\"
I saw a shooting star and thought of you
Can't enjoy this drive thru the mountains bcuz I'm too concerned w the fact that there aren't any bathrooms out here
Once one bad thing happens it's like a domino effect for the rest of the day
Ou kwe Mpata jwen lot la
wishing we were at the farm
Wish I could be back home for Canada day tomorrow
I never really had a set curfew. It just depending on how nice my parents were feeling that night. Lol
I refuse to follow dis fake shit they promote
Costa Rica is about to go ape shit
Just met her already feels like I know the real her
Tank and Ginuwine would sell more sex tapes then they do albums there a hot couple
Harvey Milk vive, la lucha sigue!
If only the had a ! We could have dazzled Dr Doolittle!
Only Kobe fans &amp; true Spurs fans can talk; Melo &amp; KD fans have several seats
Why does Faye have to look fab on snapchat?
ok season finale of Orange Is The New Black was :o
What crack was Francesa on when he said the Mets could use Cervelli.. Haaaaahaha. We already have 3 catchers batting .200.
Eminem still getting on tracks!???
When the f**k will people learn how to drive without hitting poor innocent animals especially deer. Can't stand it.
Lean bien lo que escribo. En esta saga o se mueren Juvia o Gray, o Gruvia se vuelve canon.
i want some many things from Zara! why must they have a sale when i'm broke?!
Eso fue Rt+fav.
So it looks like both weak and unowned properties segfault in this Swift seed. Fun.
What a goal baby!!!!!
So I just saw Steve Nash and Julius Randle in the same day
Holy Shit!!!! What a goal!!!! I SEE YOU JERMAINE
I think the spurs are gonna win the NBA Finals.
I really don't like when people pierce their face... Nose rings are pushing it
This other stupid kid shared a vid of some kid with half his face blown off. Nigga no one wants to see that fuck off
I'm too smart to be naive anymore.
KLINNSMAN YOU ARE A GENIUS.
Don't think Brazil has reached there peek at all. Gonna be dangerous in the following round
Who's game for some daberonis
If you feel you need to lie to someone about something you want to do that probably means you're going about it the wrong way
HE HIT THAT SHIT IN WITH HIS DICK
Anyone send their transcript for nustep classes yet?
Why must guys always talk about some other bitches ass in front of their girl like it's okay ?
I like those days where is kinda gloomy, the sky is grey, and it's cold but you take a walk anyways because you like the slow rain
It's one thing to tell grandma she's wrong. It's another beast to say that the pastor is wrong. Because pastors are all knowing.
does normani go through her indirects
As a man if you say your about it be about it!!!
Latch and Turn Down For What are the theme songs to my freshman year of college. IV in a nutshell.
sing ur new single live
Backstrom is on security so there is nothing to worry about
Clint Dempsey was just like let me see how fast I can score
I'm deadass abouta cry
Dad and Jeff chanting USA in long johns
i need to find a way to practice.
\"Just don't shove your toes in my ass and we won't have a problem\"
all I want is to be layed up, wrapped in his arms
Work til 10 wahhhh. But off to Albany after. Wooooo
Wondering how many more tips I would get if I wrote \"trying to pay for college\" on the jar...
I want you to be as interested in me, as I am in you.
I think aboutchu now and then
The struggle to get back to Westchester
I wish I could get those strong buzzes again...
There is someone on my train with a gin blossoms t-shirt. I don't know what to do.
I cant fall asleep, i wish i had someone to talk to
Interview in the morning and then one more day of work til I'm off to SoCal
SENIOR SKIP DAY!!!
Goal USA!!!!!! Great start!!!!
I sure picked a terrible Giants series to go to every game.
Live your life .. Take chances .. BE CRAZY ,, Don't wait Because right now is the oldest you've been and the youngest you'll ever be again
GOOD SHIT CLINT DEMPSEY
Will I even make it out of NYC TODAY? As my taxi hurtles towards LGA, the skies are looking ominous.
SOMEONE COME TO SB WITH ME TOMORROW TILL THURSDAY WTF
am i wrong for thinking that we can be something foreal....
Great start to the day... ()
Miss the SQUAD!!
Wtf? How was that a penalty
I had a great time horseback riding :)
idk why people can't just watch the freaking soccer games without tweeting every single thing that happens..
omg, you should so totally follow me. .1mill
I'm acaully gunna do something today
I think I'm the only one, but I find the 'Merica and 'Murica thing to be disrespectful.
Good thing this airport isn't stuffy.
Costa Rica advances!!! They're freaking awesome to watch! To the quarterfinals, they go!
standing alone is better than standing with people that hurt you
Just lost an hour out of my night.. Thank you time zones!
John didnt like this girls photo because i told him not to MY BABY IS SO WHIPPED
Remember, when you date her you date all 18k of her followers.
\"Youre in the EDM business? What do you do?\" \" oh i promote at pacha\" \n
driving in wedges is probably the hardest thing ever
If you haven't yet seen on you should go stream it immediately!
This is the most negative emotion that I have seen from the Djoker in a while.
Wow I step outside for two minutes and I miss USA's first goal smh
In my hood hood nigghuhs get locked down evreyday and your nigghuhs hit on your girl and get her knocked down
So many fake friends so little time
I was so bad at everything else in that class before that final haha
SOME GIRLS R FUCKEN STUPID OMGGGGGGGGG
Do u want to call me im bored as shit
I didn't even mean what I said
True story: Just had an uber driver who tried to get me to partner with him and his friend on a line of clocks targeted at Free Masons.
CALEB BOUGHT A PAINTING THAT WAS IN THE BEDFORD READER HAHAHHAHAHAH
We All Have Stuff We Don't Talk About
Wait what happen to Derek last season?? I forgot.
Hey, - what's it like being a real, live mermaid?
According to Twitter, the only thing bitches want out of a relationship is to get their booty smacked and eat pizza.
En 31 segundo
Wanna see 22 jumpstreet tonight whos gunna accompany us
Catch me at a wedding on the 4th
She so cool she gives head with her shades on
*Wiggle comes on*\nMom: KIMMY OUR THEME SONG IS ON\nMe:
I keep thinking were gonna have school Monday
\"What's the point of living if you don't have a dick?\"
I'm scared to open up anymore because I always get hurt.
ATL is screaming yo wass good wit them goons &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; they beats so dopeeee what??? Tell em DRE lol
Man I hate when I let people persuade me into buying shit, cuz this Red Velvet ice cream aint even all that
I refuse to have to manipulate a man into living me, I was never taught that
Give that man a fine
my whole body aches. I've never been this damn sore
My birthday is in 19 days. And the best surprise present would be to see my best friend
My maternity pants are huge and fall down all night long &amp; they're a 4 -____-
Tyler casually explored my universe today, and yes, there was touching.
Li dou deugg waay
another day another dolla more money more murda
I get at least 40 boners a day, is this normal?
I've been in bed literally all day taking naps
My eyes look so crazy this AM...
Show was amazing... and I finally have time for dinner at 11:30.
I love being the oldest of my friends and looking like the youngest ;-)))(
I'm so great , I don't always feel like this tho
\"Allie.... Allie.... I require gram crackers.\" -Ian Nadler
I love when he asked \"so what are we building?\" And after Walt's response, JP says, \"A robot!\"
It is definitely possibly for me to be a nice person....
If I had a monster truck I would love traffic
fuaa ya no pudo nitragar salivaa qe feooo es estooo
Discussing the difference between the contents of African-American freezers and Caribbean freezers.
Literally I have a wiffle ball bruise on my stomach..
Is Granderson playing in the Old Timers' game too?
If you don't think going to the bay at 1 AM is important then you probably aren't thinking
O my goddddd
Amidst World Cup fever, we need to keep things in prospective. 1. american football &gt; soccer on any level or stage
You know shit got hectic when you wake up in the same clothes from last night lol
DEAR JERMAINE JONES... THAT WAS AMAZING!!! USA!
Don't bring your kids to happy hour
Everyone has had it with Cena. Listen to all the boos!
I mean are you serious ?? What a start for
I need to go clean my nose ring but too lazy
if your name on anything has \"sidenigga\" you're corny.
Bro i need a vanilla slushie from
have you ever wondered if there's someone out there in the world exactly like you?
I have a \"blue collar\" job and a \"white collar\" job. My \"blue collar\" job pays about 50% more.
I get all dolled up &amp; for what? My plans to get cancelled? That's ok at least I can chauffeur my brother around... just what I wanna do
ok is anyone else hype for keke palmers show or am i the only one? lmaao DONT JUDGE
\": Most my friends have no chill &amp; that's why I fucking love them\"
I'm stressing out!!!!!
It doesn't matter who you are, I won't do nice things for you if you take it for granted
Guess they don't really make em like me no more.
I love Clint Dempsey a lot
Cannot lay with this dude w out getting molested
Like I didn't do anything to you to be acting the way that you are
I hurt my head, knee, foot, and burned my chest but my brother would barely go in the water cause he stepped on a rock
Nobody's going to feel bad for someone who keeps making the same mistakes
Why are there people at Mirabeau with blue lights. They're scaring me
\": fuck relationships eat pizza\" pizza never breaks your heart leaves you lonely or doesn't taste good unlike most bitches
This train needs to hurry up so i can pass out
At Hurricane Harbor I couldn't find my Wendy Peffercorn. I was going to drown for her to save me
Feeling like a mother everyone wants to come home to me
Bright blue &amp; pink hair is tacky
I still cannot watch the games. I'm convinced the hates their fans.
Only cool kids have multiple nicknames...
The whole world, in this moment, Alex song he fool!!!
I dont think Wiggins gone be better than Parker at all tbh
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
I hate having people play my position in football, because it pisses me off when they don't do it right and it's like your master craft.
\": Still want me to make you dinner? \" Omg. Yes dude.
Dont pat my head like ima dog. U aint but u give head like one hahaha karina a foo!
Oh I'm sorry. I guess you didn't realize the conversation ended two \"Lol's\" and three \"K's\" ago.
Getting Paid $100 To Goto In The City For A Hour Focus Group
\"You're not Briggs\"\n\"Yeah, well neither are you\"\n\n
Sex on the first date don't make u a whore
oh yeah, my point by the way was not to trust anything that's \"FDA approved.\" that approval doesn't mean shit.
Has trading coaches always been a thing?
I adore this. I am a jerhomie for life!!!
There have been multiple seasons of Teen Wolf and people still don't know how to spell Stiles right, I don't even watch the show and I know.
Back on that gossip girl grind starting tonight
I hate King of the Hill cause it's boring but I like the theme song
Gauze tastes like shit, never eat it
i'm so in love with the packs. they're so perf thats why i cant choose between them
J. Cole should've dropped a quick 16 on Sapiosexual.
Celebrating Americas birthday in Pelosi's backyard. Does one have fireworks when they hate freedom?
I don't wanna get old, I'm too dope as a young beautiful female lmao.
\"We see with our eyes. We know with our hearts.\" -Cantus Fraggle
Why is it so hard to believe that I don't take requests. Go find a new jack.
Niggas who talk too much about what they do is mainly and I'm not sure, probably.. talm bout what they use to do.
Anyone down to get some panda express ? Lol
I guess you have to live with your mistakes, learn to better yourself, and work hard to get what you want.
PG Raymond Felton has avoided jail time for his idiotic actions with a gun. He'll do community service and pay a fine.
The ones beneath me see the red bottoms I wear
Wtf is good with August Alsina hair??
Pharrell deserves that.... beat both of Beyonces videos... !!!
It's gonna be a long day
You can spend a lot of time with \"what if's\" or you can just say screw it and move on with yaa life
Wow that was sensational, pick it out of the net Beto!
Desean Jackson wants to be in the music business so bad
Big wknd starts now: son n I to see then block pty 2moro follow by Coney Island=MONEY
Once in a while, you hear a song or lyric in a song that just sends a chill down your spine and it's the most amazing feeling...
Bitch Eat A Dick.
I don't want to be an actress for the fame\/fortune. I want to be an actress to kiss cute actors.
\"u walk into atlanta.... nd u feel like the middle of an oreo\" -
Maserati, Ferrari, Porsche all sitting outside the hotel. About $750k chilling outside my front door.
Ochoa is the ultimate \"or NAH\" goalie
also proud of @ jenna and @ stephanie for being swag
Nothing makes me madder then when someone takes my food
This chick too big! There's no reason you should've gained that much weight!!
This sherriff race is tight man
I hate when girls wanna kiss and shii...
Did anyone here there's going to be a zombie apocalypse
Glantz: editors want you to find the \"perfect\" subject (in this case, a vet), but he wants to tell the story honestly instead.
Chris and Harrison just gave me a little heart attack
Lost .. Never going to find her aka alone at govs
Thanks to social media, I now know what everyone's dad looked like in the. 90's and mid-2000's
Me and just had the funniest nights ever
What a cheap shot!!
The Bob Duncan vines really get to me
Woman crush Wednesdays..\nWhat's next?\nSide bitch Sunday's??
I think I'm dumb maybe just happy
Today was such a disappointment.
This trip Is taking me back to when I drove to Seattle. Damn it's hitting me hard
\"Here are your boxers\" -a BAD thing to say when your male friend's mother is within earshot but NOT within sight
Aaaand it kills me that I had a typo in that last tweet.
Fuck I just want BIG dick in my butt
I wish I kicked Vivian in the face when I had the chance too when we were small.
Well that wasn't out usual goodnight at all ..
I can't with lol brah are you really wearing Uggs?!?!
Been wearing the same baseball socks for the last 5 games.... I should prob just burn them.
basically. RT : Billy Jean was a Thot.
i need to be a nicer person
I just want to go to Disneyland. Is that too much to ask?
Wow, is the biggest group of misinformed and ignorant adults on the planet.
Shapiro asks the panel how they decide who to trust\/experts when analyzing data\/science. Phillips: talked to the drs themselves.
Tweeting from my new gold iPhone 5S ayyyyyy
you guys are good and just peeped the dropbox!!!
Hahahahhahahahahha wHAT A SHANK
5 AM comes quick. Time to hit the hay!
I have seen far too many tits and dicks today
no bodies up very confused why
I need this last hour of work to hurry up! I have a project due at 12 and I haven't even started!!!
At the fork that we format their feet
I KNOW WHO I IWANT TO TAKE ME HOME
Guys, please up your standards and stop encouraging these basic bitches. We all deserve a top shelf kind of woman.
my ex friend thinks she's so cool because she went to see arctic monkeys like cool??? u ditched me and now i have ur 1d tix i win
Good morning citizens of America! Let's kick off the day of our independence right!
Your actions define what people think of you, not what people say.
Bitch real G's move in silence like lasagna
8:51pm Hala ktu su ba syfyri :* &lt;3
icant expect for you to respect me when you dont even respect yourself
You're so consumed in him. He doesn't need to tag along all the time. Like no.
Oh man tonight is not looking good for me .
I just wanna hang out with Peter Tosh.
My main goal in life is to make as much money as I can
The type of girl I want is an independent pretty female who respects themselves in public n is a freak on the bed!
why the fuck is it so hot
Feels good to be back in Cali!!
Youre a fucking bitch like straight up lame bitch
I need a stress reliever ..
I'm stealing ches's\/Trev's chinchilla one of these days
this niggga really bout to beat his gfs ass lmfoa
Bumping 2 4 the 1st time gotta say kid Dope he make since with his lyrics kid on doing what you do bro
I think about food more than anyone else
If we go to war with North Korea because of James Franco and Seth Rogen, then idk whether to laugh or cry
Where in the hell is my best friend on a night like this??
I'm going to excel at excel in the next 8 weeks
blocking numbers on iphone is wonderful --&gt; never ending block party
And that is a wrap for Love Live
Petrified to look at my SAT score. Don't even wanna. So I won't.
Spanish regent is tomorrow and all I know how to say is the goat's mustache is Cameron Diaz.
Don't know why I held on to someone who didn't deserve me for so long ..
I wanna take shots with Dylan
I feel like such an asshole, I ordered a drink at Starbucks two minutes before they closed
Feel like shit now that I woke up
FUCK MAN I HAS GOOSEBUMPS AND SHIT IT WAS CRAZY
U got to be a lame nigga to give your girl your password anyway
She had lost a lot of weight what happened
Meeting Tyler made me so happy but I hope next time I see him that I actually can tell him how important he is to me
Lmao. S\/o to yb for favoring my tweets everybody follow
If I sit on this couch for one more night I'm gonna lose it
We should, at all times, empower people. Apple does not empower, it allows or enables.. At whim.
JONES!!! What a goal!
Sweat done ruined my nice blazer
About 10 till 11pm &amp;my family is debating about electric cars.
7:44 am and i'm up and listening to the after prom playlist .. LEGGGOOO:-)
Pinnochio lied and thats what kept him from it.
At the boardwalk with my love about to watch the lost boys
Cherries for breakfast, cherries for lunch, cherries for dinner. And everything in between
I just wanted to walk with him everywhere
THAT IS THE ONLY FORMULA TO SOLVE AT ONCE search find &amp; ____? EVERY COUNTRY SHOULD HELP FBI &amp; CIA + ALL INTELLIGENCES WORLD AGENCIES
Brandy melville opens a nrw NYC store in broadway Soho tomorrow 11am (:
Either people's tweets are hilarious tonight or I'm extremely tired because I'm laughing like a drugged up seal right now.
My foots itchy and I have to sneeze
Risking everything that's what life is it's all or nothing.
Haha is Monday my new leg day?
Okay Peavs!! Keep it hot brotha!!!
Why y'all got a black man beating up Abraham Lincoln?
good job on making it in the top 20 im rooting for you
what guy pulls a girls hair when hes fighting her ...
But it still smells like shit and I have to clean it.
Opened window, falling asleep to the beautiful sound of raindrops
\"that goal was freaking sexual\"
Eyes chinease cause we smoking sour diesel
Y ahora los bosnios desconcentrados, confundidos y ausentes, como Messi pues.
\"Dreams don't work unless you do\"
\": sleeping in a big tshirt with no pants is basically my life\"
No one ever wants to do anything
1:14 AM on NJ Transit with and
Don't assume shit, ask a nigga
i just got spanked by for 's closing party at bc i write bad jokes and make the art world hear them :-\/
Tday consisted of 2 smr schl classes, visiting Micah @ CoffeeBean, hiking, rolling my ankle hiking, breaking my phone hiking, &amp;&amp; Incahoots!!
It seriously scares me how fake people can be
I feel so bad for Lebron. He carried this team all season and this is the thanks he gets
last night was way too insane
Every time I order coffee I'm like \"can I have a large black _____\" and it's awkward
It's amazing that no matter how included I am, I always feel like I'm being left out
GUNSHOTS AT 4am \n\nI love it here :')
Cant fuck with ya niggas im sorry
this being on hold shit is most definitely not the wave
Thinking about buying these air maxes I saw today.
But you're probably sleeping and plus your in another country sooo yeaa
A little narcissism is good for the soul. Arrogance can be valuable.
At the end of the day rasheedas mom is being a mom looking out for her daughters well being
Good thing Landon isn't on the team.....
TO AQUI LEMBRANDO DE MIM NA BELIEVE TOUR QUANDO AQUELE CRONOMETRO PAROU E O JUSTIN ENTROU E CANTOU AATW EU TAVA TENDO UM ATAQUE EPILETICO
I know you wanna live this California life.
I know this is meta but I wish there was a tweet in tweet twitter card.
To be completely honest with everyone I'm not that sure what kind of mood I'm in right now
Officially, I'm an inventor. USPTO Patent Number: 8,762,827. Remembering colleagues at this time.
Why doesn't the iPhone 5s have the option to turn a burst mode photo into a djif?
Get a call from Edrick saying he got hurt at the soccer field by my house, show up &amp; he just got tiny cut...yup that's my friend for you!
Ooh shit!! CR7... Oh yea the jersey ain't white
Di Maria and Aguero played the worst game I've ever seen them play just now.
She is not ugly yall...chill out. And she type thick too. Dont shade people cause yall my friends
He still bow wow to me ...
Ayyyyy good for Bosnia
Apologize if i saw anything i dont mean
In need of a blunt or 5.
It's number 2 right now. One more spot to go. let's keep it up
Lmao at Dempsey ahahah he looked at that nigga like get up bitch
Not sure if I'm getting all the followers bc the selfie I used or the thirst trap Alex used
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN!!!!!
Only regret I have is not telling some people to fuck off sooner
Now to go meet with the big boss
I'm my own worst critic. Nobody else can judge me more harshly than myself.
SHAWNS AT NUMBER THREE IM SCREAMING
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
WHY MuSt THE HOtteSt PEOPLE liVE SO dAmN fAR
hoping tomorrow will be a better day
I wish would switch their data 50% notifications to text in the afternoon vs 2am. Slightly sleep deprived this morning.
Niggas be talking about how small their circle is like Rico ain't kill Mitch..
Up and all the lights in my room are spazzing out. I ain't scared tho
I'm going to Vegas on Saturday.:'))
I don't know what I would do without bagels and beyond
Get in there, Tyrann Mathieu!
shit's getting Messi
My mans car just got towed in Manhattan. And we are sick right now.
Redefined \"ops expert\" tonight after talking with got me thinking about practice and patterns
If Cubans or Dominicans played soccer we'd be running shit
Swagger to the max my name tatted on her back switching up my swag the dick got her strung out like crack
I shouldn't even be up rn wtf
we can just run them red lights
\": yeah i really just am\" family matters beats all tho
Ikea $10.76 the gap $9 raise get up and work motha fuckers. No excuses anymore.
I really want to go to practice but then I also really don't
Swan Lake was incredible tonight
Up watching dragon ball Z lol
Francia o Alemania? No lo tengo claro.
35 shots is officially way gl much!!!!!!
You're so pathetic
Y disen que los hombres no deben llorar por una mujer que a pagado mal pero yo no pude contener mi llanto cerrando los ojos me puse a llorar
Ven y vamos no de rumba como lo hacen halla fuera
this is some hard shit ..
I want him to tell me he loves me again.
Shawn Michaels: rocking duck-face since the nineties.
Oh hell yeah new cigar by a must on my list!!!!
that's annoying af you can't just say your having a party and tell everyone and anyone can come than just cancel the day of the party
HAHAHAH FUCK MY LIFE THERES A BABY RIGHT BEHIND ME ON MY 16 HOUR FLIGHT ALREADY CRYING HELL YEAH
But you really just know the old me
WHAT A FUCKIN RIPPPPP LET'S GOOOOO
If you can afford laser removal, every tattoo is a temporary tattoo.
\"I want to believe that I'll live forever in the clouds listening to angels play harps, therefore women can't choose their own healthcare.\"
My mom always waking up yelling Omfg
Almost got chose by a french women today, jah bless oakley lol
&amp; all the people keeping me company fell asleep :( so now I'm left with my thoughts... Ugh.
Plus my son was one of the realest niggas you could come across in the game. Even Biggie was on some phony shit
Why are we constantly trying to control things out of our control? Better to accept and observe.
YA I GUESS ILL JUST STAY HOME AND DO NOTHING FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK COOL
\"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.\" ~ Michael Jordan
Love you too babe RT : Love you
Just bought the lone ranger movie today hope its worth it
I forgot to fuckin shave and it's gonna be too hot to wear yoga pants tomorrow
The fact that big Gucci got an iphone &gt;&gt;&gt;
Part 3 is good but an experiment with stands and actually boring at times, so bland and repetitive
Birthday in an hour
Happy 4th! We're getting the car and headed to Long Island today. Wheeee! Although it's supposed to be rainy. this weather
Chabot is ratchet as fuck
Equinox wants me to integrate social media into my entire gym experience, \"from pre-workout to post.\" Wha?!
.LOL you # the to promote your fake Independent Sentinal That's funny! Never loss your sense of humor
Let's see what you got
Bc they will eventually want his dick js
Best stoop in tomorrow starting :00am @ 252 Henry street bk off the 4\/5 train! Borough Hall
\": I wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am just looking at the stars, not worrying about the problems that we have going on\"
I LOVE YOU AND THE SONG
Freaks and Geeks for young James Franco &amp; Jason Segel
Spent an hour on the phone witchu like wtffffff
\": YES &amp; music LOTS of music!!!\" Crazy music, like all indie and alternative and other weird funky music lol
Don't think this summer will be anything like last summer
I'm going to be late to work, SWEET
when you take off your makeup you look like a different person
I bet the Pacers are really happy they were able to get George Hill from the Spurs for the draft pick that became Kawhi Leonard.
Teen Titans go is just...omg this show is so cute and full of lolz
Take me as I am or be left alone
Can I just order all 28474792 versions of the 5sos album yes yes
I don't get how these teams sign injured players just like that. Who knows if they'll be the same after an injury..
When you ask a nigga for there Instagram and they said they don't have one BITCH ARE YOU HUMAN?!?!
I seriously need to hop on this coupon life
Manu is FEELING IT
Tbh if I didn't snapchat a selfie before a show, did I really go?
Yes! Jones. Side net. Go
Accidental shopping spree with
Love has no gender. Love is love.
y yo esperando a que vuelvas con una tristeza enorme
Babysitting + scary movie = paranoia
\": \"At this arty with my girl. got so wasted I ended up cheating on her with her brother\" - The Ohio State University\" TF
Lets go CLINT !
Bro why is everyone having kids?
the gurlz now go by juicy j, queen b, jay z, and r kelly get it got it good!!!
That was a hard work goal if I ever saw one.
you do realize he doesnt care, he wont ever care.
Born bronnnnb hahahahah
Damn to get the all red high top chucks? Or those strawberries &amp; cream adidas? Decisions decisions
Lmfaooo wtf I was angry this morning. Peace and love peace and love xo
I need someone to benefit my life.
Giant glasses of champagne on a Sunday evening.
Found my tripod. We back in business
First time in maybe 11 yrs I'm gunna have to go to bed early,
what is there to do tonight
You like 2 months late \"Wait 24 is back??
If you want to hear your name I'll shout it
Everyone has a threshold of RT tolerance
Damn that vday episode of orange is the new black is sad
I hate when bad things happen to the wrong people..it just heartbreaking to see
Baby when I look at you
\"My dads calling me hold on\"
I'm not kidding I love rain
Solo flight JFK to . Head count 43 kids under 10 yrs old boarding the flight.
Niggas in this line are wilding already.
Tarzan is on Netflix.\n\nJust let Phil Collins sooth your soul.
Lmaoo foreal tho who is Kaylin and Miles? What do they do?
Gonna go to Jenny's by myself after this class. LOL.
see the same hoessss woah ohhhh ohhh.
David has 5 min then I'm leaving him at coc he always does this shit to me
This cough got me dying
If I were on this show, I think I'd be more upset at the end to find out that he's not actually a ginger.
I can't wait to have the body I want nd be able to wear clothes I want But most if all I can't wait to feel good wearing them
My chest hurts from this morning session at le gym
Having issues right now with needing to leave the house and wanting to put a bra on
Here we go. Let's do this!
Janessa &amp; I are the biggest assholes you will ever meet
I never heard this song before
Pro-wrestling fans. Follow my wrestling account for updates on matches &amp; the firey personality that is X.
I ain't finna fight nobody's battles
Kim Jung un wanting to go to war because a Seth rogan movie is such a North Korean move
Only time can tell where things will take us
I don't even want to go to graduation tomorrow
... this is not good
If I follow someone and they don't follow me back I unfollow dose basic bitches
When Eddie Guerrero's music just hit on raw it gave me goosebumps!! Brought back memories of his great matches!Favorite of all time
Bruh my stomach is eating my insides
Obv, deGrom needs to go down when Gee is ready. Dice K to the Bullpen
Good men are always under appreciated.....show your man love if he is good to you
This kanye Cannes interview is the best thing I've heard in a while
I wish I could just really tell some people off
i was a worthless piece of shit again today hahahah
I couldn't be the only one who despised the movie \"Honey\"
I honestly wish I could control my feelings.
YEAH yeah YEAH YEAH YAAAAA YEAAAAAH OOO OOOOH OH LET THE PIANO MAN PLAY
I keep a lamp on in front of my window so I can listen to the sounds of bugs slamming into the panes as my day comes to a close
I BELIEVE THAT WE WIN. I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN. I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.
WOW I HAVE US HISTORY REGENTS TOMORROW!!! MIGHT FAIL!!!
Lil snipe woulda snap at the bet awards this year !
Someone should defs text me.
Throw that pen and paper away! RT :I definitely just pre-ordered . No more manual tracking!
My aunt standing butt ass naked in front of me ctfu.
Dempsey you beast.
I really like the song Anklebitters
Need to meet while I'm here in Oakland ~
Hold on, yes I'll be right back.
Good morning! I love mondays :D
Realest niggah at asu west aka just followed me &amp; !
I'm at sitting next to Miss Claudette's sister.
.Wow! You really taught me a lesson!
we got into our first r rated movie alone guys!!!!!!
Walking around santa cruz this weekend. I realized how many mixed race people we got around here man I like it. Girls finessin everywhere
Love the entrance music, Panik!
If you're not gonna be down the shore this week, i would seriously hate to be you because we're gonna have the time of our lives
your good 88
Tis the season to be single
Abbey Copperwheat and Sarah Sharpe will unquestionably be two of the best Mills athletes in high school.
Hope it works out this time
why do I have to have class tomorrow
Got ya girlfriend wetter than a fountain
Only four more days of hearing these girl constantly gossip.
Let's go USA this would make my night
Messi can have it whenever he likes.
it's ok d Howard can do it all by himself I guess
When I thought this show couldn't get any more ratchet...in walks Ashley smh
Went to the mall to shop than spent 45 minutes with a bulldog
way to go!!
Watching one of your best friends get treated like shit by their boyfriend\/girlfriend really sucks.
LMAOOOOOOO SON NEVER MY NIGGA! I can't believe the shit I just FOUND OUTTTT BOYY!
Colby be having selfies for days.... always spamming
I can see Kofi, Rollins, or Ambrose winning this\n\nBut Daniel Bryan won even while he was jobbing, so even Ziggler has a chance lol
ew why must there be horror film commercials
Nordstrom has a sale on Gucci shoes fuck me
I'm just sittin in the studio trying to get to you baby
.we banned fireworks, large sodas and ferrets in New York City, you think we can't ban games?
Bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh they ass is out this worldddddddd
I wish I could just reply back to people who are stupid on yelp LOL
When you get goodnight\/goodmornin txt msgs &gt;&gt;&gt; oh wait that's right I never get em.
feel like having tons of followers and getting favs \/ RTs on anything you post would get boring \/ take the fun out of it
I mean when all the moms get drunk and we have a huge dance party is cool
Wow I almost cried my phone dead fell hard
Who the hell drove my car home lmfao!
niggas was not tryna do all this extra shit early in the morning
He stepped down,\ntrying not to look long at her,\nas if she were the sun, yet\nhe saw her like the sun \neven without looking. \n\n
Can't break me even if you tried
Some girls will literally do anything to get a guy they want even if it means ruining a relationship
theyre annoying as hell in fact it kinna struck a little bell in fact i like to keep my little shell in tact
Can't wait til all the \"hockey fans\" don't see this kid on the ice next season and wonder why
I keep having the urge to watch Spider-Man 2 I don't understand why
Excited to talk about at kick starter at
Linda getting tattooed makes me want one.
WHO WOKE ME UP IF WE HAVENT EVEN LEFT YET!
THERE WAS A BIG ASS SPIDER CRAWLING UP MY ARM OH MY GOD I HAVE NO FAITH IN THIS WORLD ANYMORE HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN FML
whatever you're the piece of shit that's still obsessed with their ex
Sassy, defensive Andi is coming out now. Poor decisions will be made now
Do we gotta say goodbye for the summer?
Bruce Jenner looks like a mix between carrot top and a lesbian
I Love You!!! Okay but i could never tell you.... :\/.&lt;\\3
I thought I blocked that fat bitch\nThe joke is over go sit yo catfish ass down\nITS OVER FATTY
OH MYYYY GAWD
but I never told you what I should've said, no I never told you I just held it in
1st taping in NYC exceeded expectations.Crazy crowd and they taped two really fun episodes I can't wait to see on TV.
Someone sit on my tailgate with me
Somehow,thanks to very kind people I received 3 SPG referrals-thank you guys!! Feels really special when not pimped and this happens.
Swapped out trailers in Watsonville, now time for some grub.
I can't tell which is worse, the fact that everyone at work now calls me Vampire or the fact that I actually respond to it
First day at Krispy Kreme in 7 1\/2 hours yaaaaaaas.
I will not be the 1st intern to pass out I will not be the 1st intern to pass out I will not be the 1st intern to pass out
\": fuck that song its gay\"you ever just thought mayb ur the gay one?
Keep Openin' ya Circle so big &amp; you'll nevah Win.
It still hasn't hit me that after tomorrow we no longer go to BBP
There should be a law against people saying you look like Silent Bob.
THATS HOW YOU START!!!! USA USA.
My mom always has to pull some of her bullshit
People are actually at apple bees this morning wtf
Roller Coaster by Luke Bryan is by far my new favorite song
Crowds r we the beats are not.
take me back to last night
Te toy llamando cojelo please
I live in my bathing suit in the summer
\": So where does pop land in the greatest coach's conversation?\" Him n Phil Jackson 1 n 1a
I wanna watch dragon ball z and eat sushi but
Beach today for sure so nice out
Netherlands i'm putting my bet on you\nwhats happening
do i even study for the bio exam....
It's official: I will be at vidcon looking like a zombie with acne.
I love that vic claims she's on a diet and came into work yesterday eating a donut
GoodNight Mentions For A For A (Everyone Is Welcome)(Hot Girls Welcome)(NYC Girls Welcome And Philly)...
I do not want to live in rainbow land and you..can't.. MAKE ME LIVE IN RAINBOW LAND! This is America!!
Fucccck yeah !
You might ass well just be his side bitch
WHATS THE NEW WEBHEADS CALLED? ITS ON BUT I CANT WATCH IT WHATS IT CALLED?
I like people better and respect them more when they don't constantly talk or brag about themselves.
In desperate need of some target in my life
grad party season is depleting my gas tank by 352%
For those who don't believe me (Jewels) I'm a county champ
Bitch your captions make no sense!!
Is Dave Galpern at rutgers rn
*jerry seinfeld voice* whats the deal with trees
Ronaldo's a pussy
Only I can live my life
Richard Dreyfuss in WHAT ABOUT BOB is a masterclass in playing the straight man in a comedy. \"Talk about....weird...\"
Someone just growled at me.
There's nothing to eat in this house
I FEEL SO PATRIOTIC RIGHT NOW!!!!! SPORTS!
Insanity has my ass feeling some type of way
Whenever my dad says he's leaving my grandma she fake cries and then laughs after he says he'll stay.
Even with my backlight almost completely down .. My screen still appears bright af .. I miss my privacy screen protector
Someone comeover and watch family guy with me.
Shit, I gotta be up at 6 why tf am I up
Not having a guy best friend sucks booty hole
You make me wanna hurl my phone at my damn ceiling fan.
\"Just don't ever call me Daddy\" ya dw..: that will not be a problem
Finishing the last 2 episodes of OITNB. I don't want it to end yet.
I'll say that any day but it holds more resonance today. Mad or na?
Got the homies on bored an potential spots, so the next step is goin an checkin em out
So ecstatic that I don't have to work today that's all
Nobody lemonade is better than my grandmoms!!!
Dey say dey love u but it all b fake..
Like you can dunk a basketball, but you can't do algebra?
I literally have no friends. lol.
Hey the car needs to be on to put it in gear.
Dropping everything I'm doing at 12 and watching the game wherever I am.
U tell me we got distant but u didn't answer my text, okay than.
Lets gooo huge save for Navas
Thought niggas was takin pictures outside my backdoor but its thunder
I'm Hitting that time of the night when my emotions begin to flood.
All I think about is this 3 week vacation I'm about to take
I love short women , no shaqs for me lol im only 6 feet
Neal trade could be another casualty of the $69 million cap ceiling
Just rolled an L, now to smoke it? Or not to smoke it is the ?
Humans have so much hate for each other.
Yonkers too calm. I love that shit RT : definitely moving to yonkers after college dog. i need the calm life
Hopefully theres no morning traffic even tho there probably will be
The power went out we were delayed 4 hours bc rain and some french guy is really sick
I made my first gay mens chorus BFF today
Just ate a chicken sandwich, some frito nachos and some chocolate cake&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
\"One has the impression of entering into an ecology of souls that lies beyond the portals of what we naively call death.\"
But I know I'll stay.. Can't ever get away
The fact that \"milk\" is probably one of the easiest items to substitute in an omnivorous diet, yet many do not choose to, really confuses me
Like can someone take me to meet these two men?!
First of all y am i at spectrum anyway
That's all it really takes for me to be interested...
My mom just asked me if I slut myself out for beer... NO... Ok yes
Well I feel that way at least.
2nd Moral of the story: Do not get caught with DBS (Dumb Broad Syndrome) ... Trying to be out here doing the most.
Why do you have to be so cute
Determined to watch the last 9 episodes of breaking bad before i leave tomorrow
Holy... fuck... it's... it's... raining... *runs outside in just his tshirt and boxers and just sits in the rain letting it soak him*
There are no legit taco places in great neck... who do I talk to about this?
V is mean for not sliding her cousin's number :\/\/ so selfish
Not trying to be home tonight or tomorrow or Sunday
The beautiful thing about summer is its okay to wake up @ 2 in the afternoon &amp; your day isnt wasted cuz you've got all night
Idk even now what I'm going to do for tomorrow I hate do much how can't do anything for myself.
Why tf does my twitter just randomly follow people
Too many niggas, not enough hoes.
Fuckkng Dempsey you're brilliant
I've decided everyone is crazy.
His nose though...
Nobody is forever cause one day someone is gonna get tired of you &amp; leave you .
Besides watching Labron i dont know who the rest of the players are
You give me reasons to hate you more and more everyday
i either love people.. or hate people, there really isnt any in between with me
Can I fall asleep listening to Calvin Harris next to you?
I've been going to the movies a lot recently lol no wonder I'm always broke
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
Aaron Shapiro: when writing about vets\/VA, you have to think about the two systems--healthcare and benefits administration
family party yet I don't know anyone
I can feel us growing apart
I always put either too little or too much salad dressing
why am I having anxiety at this hour
Wantagh pkwy literally scares the shit out of me
ok i'm getting dizzy i need to eat and then write stuff
If anyone is interested in nannying dm or text me, I know a family in west portal looking for a long-term nanny with a car
I came home ready to eat my entire fridge bro, im done
I want to cry. I wish turtle was here.
Thank god its over time to take a nap
Today was also the day I left wichita a year ago and started Marine Corps bootcamp the next day
Idk why you dumb ass heat fans acting surprise like the heat was suppose to win the spurs a better team you stupid bitches lol
Been completely exhausted the past three days and we haven't even started a full day yet smh
First gear is a bitch doe
Soo white tv stars have a big black guy as a security. Rob and big black. Macmiller and big dave. Etc
gay ass soccer is fucking up my daily routine of waking up and watching sportscenter
Guess who can wake- board now..... THIS GUY!!!!!!! :)
but you didn't know I was already broken.
Women are philanthropists, not socialites
I need nicotine so badly but I truly don't want to buy a pack of cigarettes fuck I'm buggin
In a perfect world our 4th of July gift would be we get green\/phaneuf\/or big buff for bailey and a pick\/prospect!! But that won't happen :(
Two years ago... there were special nights.
Do not talk to me this early in the morning!
Usa first blood!
Fun fact I haven't slept in 24 hours
When you feel like you recognize ppl but then again it'll be awkward if you're wrong lol &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
if you love me you'll go see 22 jump street with me
Really don't care if I don't do anything at all..
Better wake up to atleast 6 tinder matches swiped too hard tonight
Watching the it's hard to believe my draft year was 12 years ago
Meditated today and felt like I came out into a whole different world!
I guess trusting you was a bad decision
3 hours later and I still have a hand print on my leg
my cat has the hiccups. ADORABLE
Aching all over but still walking ok. the worst pain is my fingers\/hands
Da fuk wrong wit y'all white people
\"Yes I'm fragile, wish I would of known\"
Why didn't anyone warn me it was Kick Peter's Ass Day? I would've skipped the gym had I known... :\/
We're just friends but boy I do love you
Chemistry regents today please God let this be easy
No matter what time my kid goes to sleep hes always up at 7 am bright and early
Wtf do I do with my life now.....
maybe because you're just as crazy as i am
Carvalho over Khedira or Gustavo, don't even @ me lol
Le sumi la para al carro cuando se venia arcercando, la muerte en caravana venia por mi, consentrado en el volante los perdi por un instante
When I'm with Kathleen I feel black. Like black black. Dark skinned black lol
My drumcorps season starts tomorrow. Im about to shit my pants.
Best part of raw last night,you just knew Stephanie was gonna get it...
I just wanna go to sleep
The boos to the commissioner i very well deserved!!! BOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Ok I think I'm gonna like this no shirts thing this summer
if u give me a weird vibe i do not have to tell u
I honestly love timmy howard
se sentia tan bien, que sentia que era afortunada de amarlo...
This is some good soccer
Taking the final exam for ethics online summer course.
To high for my own thoughts
I don't understand how some typed words could upset you.
WHO DAT, WHO DAT I.G.G.Y. Now that I've gotten that awful song stuck in your head, enjoy the rest of your day!
I MOVE IN AUG 13 yayayay my excitement is real.
I just wanna scratch my knee but i cant fucking feel it !
End of 4, SC Homestead 3, Los Altos 1
Ugh I think I've seen this episode of Bobby's Brunch
Why is this sushi restaurant blasting rap god wtf is happening
Just saw 2 guys stealing an ATM machine. I'd take a pic but don't wanna get killed. Haha damn
No one really understands how bad my insomnia actually is.
How is that not a high kick..?? wtf Ghana
Waiting till august to cut my hair is gonna be a torture process
my mom actually misses me cause I'm never home
I keep my nephew up with me so have someone to talk to
Nathan's just donated 100,000 hot dogs to the New York food bank via giant check
let's have sex to richard marx's new album
was the better team today, no matter what happens now
Why are they making aweful remakes off decent movies. I just saw Robocop, it used the great cast for name only, all characters one dimension
Somebody on my time line growing........ awww
Girl what you doin a little later on
Man, I miss already. Cafeteria tried to serve red-beans-and-rice today and I just laughed.
WOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWOW HOLYY SBITT WHAHAT A SHOT
This girl just turfs comparing Clifford to courage the cowardly dog l m a o
I don't understand why people call me 'Mack'. I don't even have an 'A' in my name.
Oh boy cant wait to watch espns 24 hour coverage on how this loss affects lebrons legacy
Bruh 30 seconds
Had coffee at 10:45...oops, I'm not sleeping tonight..
I hope what Carter got me is as cool as he's making it sound
TIGUERE EH QUE SE BUKA ! NO TE AGAAAA
As it is written, \"For The LORD will do nothing unless He reveals His secret to His servants the prophets.\"
I'm really tired but I know I won't be sleeping anytime soon
I can't believe I'm getting shit for something you fucking did. Fucking unbelievable dude.
Please tell me the motif for this season is Mesoamerican mythology
Honestly fuck you you ruin everything get out of my life
Wowwwww!!!! THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!
Why is my uncle being werid
Dear pizza, I'm ready for you. Love, stomach.
Luke Bryan pandora on this lovely 4th
I hate the Divas. End this match already!\n
get all these shitty ass 7th grade songs off my phone I can't my ears bleed when they come on shuffle why don't they delete
I usually don't get upset off this kind of bullshit but it's upsetting how dramatic you made it seem
I just wanna go back to bed....
Hahaha excuse my last tweet
Y lo hize sin darme cuenta. Soy muy despistado aparte que andaba hambriento.
I'm extremely tempted to feel bad for myself. How silly.
My dream last night included turtle from entourage, walter white, and darrell from walking dead. Were all good pals now
We can turn this into somethin
I get so used to going to bed with my baby that once I get home its like ugh back to hugging a teddy bear
\": Getting rid of all this stuff every few months, makes me feel like I wasted so much money.\"
Your to awesome to be crying
All I Want by Kodaline is a beautiful song.
I met Jesse cannon the other night at the lanes and I fan girled a lil bit
Is Hacksaw Jim Duggan at this game? Loudest USA chant I've heard since... ever?
Of course I'm of legal age to drink on 4th of July and I'm off and it's raining!!!!!!!!!!!
If I retweeted everything I agreed with from all those quote account twitters I'd looks thirsty af
Amazing diving play by Logan Forsythe! He got a great jump on the ball.
You're not quite satan but I really think I hate you
But he gives more grace. Therefore it says, \"God opposes the proud, but gives grace to the humble.\" - James 4 \/\/ even in my pride, Grace.
\"I ain't here to be friends... I don't care I'd you.like me I ain't here to pre-tend\"
I miss the feeling I had when Nash followed me...it was such a rush and I couldn't breathe...I was just so happy
I see more flops in a game than in a game lol. Go
Shawty Got Potential I Could Be Her Sponsor!
Im tired of feeling like nothing ever works out for me.....im trying to stay positive and all but ahhhhh I cant deal with this stress
For Tonight's X clusive Party. DM only
Up to me , Capoeira is the most Beautiful Dance ever...
Sometimes I regret that we ever had a thing. Our friendship was more valuable now look at us.
Las bailadas van a ser.....Samba contra la Cumbia......me gusta la Samba.......
Lol Kermit the Frog is everywhere now
Tryna do big things and lease a boat
A fucking bug just flew in my mouth.
\"Let's speak in Morse code from here on out. Shit will get interesting.\"
Varsity awards: 0 World Cup in frims room: 1
K we got one fagit who slid in already
Second guessing is never a good sign
i need a friggin' job im so bored w my life
\"I got boobs once you moved here\" ya I have that effect on people
\": yeaah,my family and I went to the San mateo carnival fair thingy and went to downtown.\"same
30 seconds in let's gooooooo!
I couldn't be famous I swear
Faaak I gotta be up early tomorrow but ya know this twitta thing is a huge distraction
I used to love runts but I'm realizing now they're actually a really crappy candy
Its so god damn muggy out
I hate to say I need you\nI'm so reliant, I'm so dependent, I'm such a fool
Release me now cause I did my time of this cold case love
Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways
a porque yo salgo a la calle a festejar si ganamos ajajajaja
Seems like they got cuter since I've been gone
So many fruit cups in NYC ...
let me wear ur flannel and beanie &amp; i will most likely marry you
asked why she's laughing then she said \"That's a good joke but I don't believe you cause I never see you with a guy and you're always home\"
ur camouflage hat is super appealing bro!!!
Hold up, heat that was so dumb hahahaha laughing so much right now hahaha
Quedo re pilla la de son ap, lora.
Goal messi !!
Welp, at least I never have to watch The Ice Storm again
Charlie killed the evil guy yayayayay
It's so weird to me when I see a suuupeer curly haired Colombian.
I remember me and Vanessa texted gio saying we were josh Jones and gio called him a ugly gorilla
That's the thing about pain, it demands to be felt.
Getting hurt in the end is my biggest fear nowadays
Gah. Screw eating out, I didn't want that money anymore anyway. but oh man was my food amazing.
Nobody is in the saint Francis area oh well
My parents get sad when we talk about Texas and I'm sad to because I'll miss zaira but I'm honestly excited for her! I want her to be happy.
I JUST CAUGHT A 13 YR OLD CHUBBY ASS FUCKBOY STARING AT MY NIPPLES
I cannot get my life together this morning
What's more annoying than watching the game with people that know nothing about soccer? Nothing
only gel my hair when I work out 4 real
Allyson and I have been thinking about in n out all day.
I feel like retweeting a bunch of random shit to express who I am
Well let's see how this goes..
Get back out there Clint
I'm still gonna buy me a Melo Christmas Jersey even if he leaves the Knicks... idc and whatever team he goes on I'll get another one for
Cocaine seriously saved my life. Thank you drugs
Was about to flip off this car for cutting me off, but then I saw that it was a ... I ain't even mad
I can only image the parents or at least the father's
Neymar tiene algo, aLGO de lindo, pero ustedes son re enamoradas papi ven y dame hijos, ew,
I'm dropping out of this run challenge
My moms sad because I don't want kids, lol I'd rather have pets.
Ok let me be mature about this lololol
Justin Bieber got peach fuzz now
Tbt when I used to see Chris rocks bum ass lingering starbucks on his iPad every Sunday
Just killed that run.
The have shifted their focus from LeBron James to Carmelo Anthony.
I Honestly Love helping teenagers with their problems Because God has called me to spread his word, help them what their going through .
Damn you SCOTUS for making college prank where we called our internship bosses and said we were out sick with \"a case of abortion\" NOT FUNNY
I want tomorrow to be over already
Whens the next pretty nasty cookout
BOW WOW 4th of July Topic:Tips\/?? on fireworks &amp; other summer hazards to keep our pets safe.
Kanye is always wearing the same colored jeans wtf
Wanna try to take a picture of your face and not of your boobs?
!!!hoy beremos a ritmo de ballenato y cumbia a Colombia ganando a Brasil
Wish I was born in the 80's. Life was easier back then.
Finished my chapstick for the first time EVER!! You know how hard it is not to lose those before you're done with them?!
remind me to stay off twitter until the games over
Certain guys make my heart sink into my stomach and it's not good at all.
It's always a joke till someone get serious and someone's always gonna get serious that's just how it goes
Best night, roof-topping with who I haven't seen in almost 4 years! Always a laugh with you dear!!
If the Heat have any hopes in coming back, they can't play shitty D.
I automatically assume my IT guy can fix anything- watches, shoes, hurt feelings...
What stifles your creativity? What ignites it?
everytime I have a notification it's max siesser requesting to follow me
Yooo fuck this tractor that keeps passing my house
Way to many things are on my mind
AP Scores pls grace me with thy presence
Who who who are you again?!?
Surprising natty with taking her to the Giants game on Sunday and she'll be close to posey! Right by home plate &amp; 1st base !
\": okay?\" okay
So and i just ran through these two faggots 6 games in a row lost one and won 2 more. Lol.
I can see that I'm useless in every aspect.
So much plaid in improv
So you can favorite my tweet but not text me back... Okay
If that's not radioactive testing idk what
Being married is gonna be so cool. Like you get to come to your best friend &amp; just do life together. How awesome is that?
This is to early
Bud heavys, only acceptable drink on our countries birthday
Now this is a game!
i hate being awake at this time because all my friends fall asleep so early
Am I allowed to hate someone for liking my bf's picture on Instagram? Haha yes :)
I think I'm gunna sleep in mosiahs room tn bc my bed has junk on it
I fucking love the internet!
I am so getting \"Property Of Nash Grier\" sweatshirt. makes me blushhhhh
\"the subway always reminds me of the matrix\" -drew
Would rather live in hell with my friends than live in heaven by myself
Color my life with the chaos of trouble.
Golazo de Dempsey!
looks so much better than Planet of the Apes.
we're not broken just bent\nAnd we can learn to love again..
I wanna play a show. Now.
People are going to judge me for tweeting about soccer today... The Beautiful Game &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 4th of July
I want to know my sat bio score omg
Summer is here!!!
USA GOAL BY
How Do People Talk Like This It's Annoying As Fuck
Ughhhh here we go...
Don't ask me for subway directions and then tell me you can't read the map next to me. It's for nonsense.
We ask 18 year olds to make huge decisions about their career and financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the Bathroom..
Find a diamond keep it for yourself. Keep it shinny, so every time you look at it, you remember what made you pick it up in the first place.
jacoby ellsbury has been on the yankees since 1996
Where do I find a boss that picks me up to buy me two Hermes bags
Many causes of and many unknowns. Let's be proactive about minimizing known risks as much as possible-toxins.
Asimina just told me people often outlive execution
Wow I really hate being ignored
You square mothafuckas can't fuck with my crew
Is Bill Murray lonely, or does he just get it? Either way, I'd love to make a film with him.
Man and woman on BART sultrily talking about relational databases to one another. Steamy!
Big Pun x Yankees \n\nDoesn't get more Bronx than that! \n\n
Foster city is such a beautiful place :-)
Y que esperan para sacar un anime de hnr
I wish things didn't fuck up in Iraq that now my friend is being sent over soon. My feeling is really messed up now.
Quote of the morning: \"I can land a rover on Mars, but I can't open this bag.\"
It really sucks when you give everything and its still not enough.
I've just accepted it.. And am moving on
\": I look at my best friend and think: Why the fuck do I love this retard?\" ASK Alex
I also wanna chill with Gucci mane one day
Here's to my 12 hour day of watching three rambunctious kids. Help me.
...but I'm not gay
Mr.Moseby always has a fresh hair cut I'm every episode... Respect
the baby looked over my right shoulder and smiled...there was no one there. i got scared.
Can I say Goooaaaalllll too??
We're off today ENJOYING the holiday.. are your 4th plans?
Gonna get on a set schedule everyday $, gym, sleep, repeat
I can't drive 50mph ... This donut life ain't for me ... Smh
say something i'm giving up on you.
Clip so long I can lean on it
White and black living room or bedroom ?
Another one who implied I was saying you can vote on --&gt;
music taste is a deal breaker man
\": America can suck my dick tbh, this country is only good for the burgers\"lmfaoo
\"My, philosophy is, basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don't, ever, for any...
Its not about people thinking your a legend or calling u a legend. If YOU know your a legend? Then fuck what EVERYBODY else thinks and says.
Watching Bates Motel at 12:40am in my pitch black room isn't the best idea in hindsight.
The woods rn. Insane. Meat market of ALL NEW FACES. FELICIA GONNA LOSE HER UNDIES
Girls be like: I want a guy who's tall, jacked, nice smile, perfect eyes an hair, athletic, and accepts me as I am...
That's freak'n crazy
thinking about that i have to go back to sarasota makes me wanna throw up
todo por nada de un canta author anonimo means don't talk black talk white
.went and got himself a cactus, so of course we immediately named it and made it a twitter account. Meet, , everyone!
Niggas posting pics of money but really be broke ?? Nun of my business doee
I'd contemplate doing scary things in order to get my dunkin tbh
El Viernes y el sabado fueron los peores dias ahi me arruine, nunca mas
I have so much to do :((((
I just write to free my soul
Goal goal USA USA
Happy thoughts who wants to go get a pedicure with me?
I think I might've inhaled you
Never stressing over shit just know I don't fuck with you no more
The heat COULD catch up ... man up LeBron
Some old guy in the store saw me with the twins and asked if I was \"carrying twins again\"
Coincidence both and wrote masterpieces in 2014? Nope...there are no coincidences
MY TUMBLR FROM THREE YEARS AGO IS LITTLEWAYNEHOWTOLOVE IM DYING WTF WAS WRONG W ME
I'm in desperate need of a vacation...BAD
Nah I got my own lemonade.. Put some water in a cup, pour some powder and mix!! LOL
LeBron can't win it all by himself
WE ARE THE USA
I picked that shit up real quick yah feel me?
\"It's a blessing and a curse to feel everything so very deeply\"
Waiting to see who my will be.
Jones you dirty boy
Like him or hate him I always like to watch HHH speak.
Really do not feel compatible with anyone at all....lol. What am I missing
Not ONE, not TWO, not.... Nah, we will keep it there. LOL breakup the \"Heatles\"... Oh &amp; any &amp; all Jordan debates too. 6-0 vs 2-3 nuff said!
Keeping my fingers crossed for these wedding venues
Hold me close, swaay me more
Bad judgement starting 4th of july festivities last night
Por favor someone wanna bring me the holy grail aka medium ice coffee w skim milk
This breeze is beautiful
Still can't believe they messed up my name! Like seriously. It's not hard.
Or Corbin Bleu \/ Waka Flocka Flame LOL
Y si tomas no seas mesquino y convida
I fucking love Poussey so much oh my god
Being sad all the time just sucks.
Congrats 2014 champs : 3, 2. I'd love it if scheduled or someday.
Don't ever hit my phone again bish
Phil is working on a master plan here. He is in no way done yet.
i'm gonna make an app called haircut calculator where you take a picture of your hair and it tells you if you need a haircut
Tryna carpool to church tomorrow
Oceanside got me like..... I need to get out
If someone's first action is a lie, what's to make you think that anything they're doing afterward is going to be the truth?
Happy 4th of July! Enjoy your booze, food and good company!
OMGGGG THEY SELL THE LITTLE PULP FICTION KANGAROOOO LMAOOO YOOO
if you don't answer my snaps you're fake
Some put it on my tab type shit.
I'm probably over reacting but I just like to know you're okay.
I have officially come to the conclusion that. Jacob Whitesides follow is freaking impossible..
Don't choose the better guy, choose the guy who will make you a better girl
People who tweet for retweets and favorites&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
All these other niggas wack tell you str8 like that
Looking at another couple and saying \"I wish I had a relationship like there's\" isn't ok.
I got two rules. Stay away from my Percocets and do ya have any Percocet
i seriously dislike you so much
On 4th of July every year, the Queen of England holds a private ceremony during which she grants the USA a further year of independence.
It's a hundred and three between her and me, and only ninety-two in Daytona.
I gotta lotta living before I die, so I ain't got time to waste!
Does anyone else remember how much trouble we all got into in middle school for \"Kick A Ginger Day\"?
I never know what I want to eat.
finna knock some thangs out n then head over to ' event at Boom Boom Room latr tonite..
So am I turning up in Bay Shore or Commack tonight, like what's the wave ? Skrrt Skrrt
Where can I black out tonight
My mom dropped Djokovic in our conversation from Greece today. Ok. .0
I like having my phone blown up
Ayye I already Have Eds new Album X for the freeee!
I am so thankful for Customer Service at 4:30am!
Home spa time, with candles!
Have Galaxy S4. Tends to drop emails on its own...intermittently...also mobile data button dusconnects me from web on its own. Suggestions?
My feet are in a constant state of being dirty
Out of all the bars out here I only got carded once, is that a bad thing?
\"What if my breaks went out and I put a parachute through the sunroof\"
Pills N Potions - Nicki Minaj &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Errybody in the club gettin tipsy
Ooohh what a feelin' every time you come around my body free fallin' ohhhhh what a feelin' anytime you not around, me hear your body callin'
from the fans for !
Fuck , good thing i left my new superflys before i left the house.
Shit I used to drink hella of them when I was 19 ,dumb fuckkk lmao
Costa Rica should just try to sneak another man on the field, what's the worst that could happen?
Been chasing this fool around, thinking he gonna hold me down.
STRFKR, Grouplove, and Portugal the Man in September YASSSSSS
Literally the one freaking second I get up they score a goal
Chloe and Julian are going to reunite. Chloe is going to die when she's caught in the middle but she will be loyal to Julian...
Happy 4th - thanks for following!
Dude just leave me alone and get outta my liiiife hahahaha
You always know my dads in a good mood when he watches max eat and says crunch crunch crunchh puppy....
\"they'll thank me when they're 25 and have the best \"
Reply to should be the happiest person on Earth.
Laundry is 100 x more tedious in
Just kidding. Gentlemans guide rush was SOLD OUT. KILL ME
Some things are just better left unsaid.
brown jesus shows make you literally look like Jesus
I just got a billion dollar idea. Imma sleep on it.
Watchin' . Got me wonderin' which of you is real. Pls send evidence.
I'll pay Someone to come over and clean my room.
I am going to try to leave work at 6pm for the next 4 days.
You a lie if you say you NEVER got curved.
\": Final: Blue Jays 8, 3.\" We suck
Great...now this rain will keep me up too.
the bachelorette has made my mondays so much bette
My grandma has been telling me to take a bath since I woke up 15 min ago is she implying something orrrrr
Kevin Kolb is the man. If you get arrested for anything when you're famous it should be what he did. Driving your boat drunk
NBA bloggers are the Elite Security of the internet
All those Domingo's that I didn't receive haha
about to watch the entire season 2 of OITNB right meow
When I drink my only fear is throwing up, the rest is for the birds ma nigga
This Islamic extremist was really on the ave selling $20. I told him to come correct. Amazon sell the same book for $2.75 plus free shipping
On The Lord Araki himself watch Kars come back as the antagonist in some later part, not like Araki doesn't do shit like this ALL the time
I listen to 'Of Monsters and Men' probably 4-5 nights out of the week to help me fall asleep.
I should be studying for my Organic Chemistry final tomorrow morning. But I'm playing Thief instead.
.Yeah, \"they were real sympathetic to redskins in them days\" Is that your point?
All news stations pretty much lie but fox my goodness. It's beyond and the personal bias is blatantly obvious.
Ghana got to chill... They tryna kill niggas lmaoo
Ya shawty shouldnt be talking to other niggas when u not giving her attention but u dont give another nigga the chance to give her attention
Are you a fan of HANNAH (HANNER) HARRIS?
Teddy Roosevelt in the crowd
I didn't know the were coming on today lol well I know I'll see it replayed on over and over and over
Ahhhh I'm closing Riverhead on Monday :D I'm pretty happy about that
Mamiss ko tay \"Cess, aldawen. Maladaw ka?\" Nga pukkaw ji mommy habang agsibsibog.
my grandma saw her first cake pop yesterday and has been telling me how good \"lollipop cakes\" are all day
These hoes get drunk to feel better about suckinn dickkk fact..
Imma throw on a hoodie and just bum it out
Hopefully tomorrow I'm gonna go get bleach, developer &amp; teal hair dye. Woot c:
45 ur nice and we don't talk
Y'all taking your dads out cuz u have too
Replaced my addiction with
Every single player for Costa Rica looks dead on their feet. Completely exhausted.
\nIf you love someone let them go\nIf they comeback you better DUCK REAL LOW
it bothers me when people only hit you up when they need a favor ; like how about you do me a favor and suck this Dick
i wanta go home got blunts and food waiting on me
\": Lmao these memes are too much.\"
Are there any dominicans left in the planet
\": Pharrell having a hard time with that button lmao.\"
Just watched the Chris Rock monologue. Still one of the greatest
Fuck my summer has been disappointing so far.
It's strange waking up in someone else's house.
oh no, I'm drunk at forever 21 and they're actually playing music I like. ABORT, ABORT!!!!
I forgot about about the fosters..
I find it extremely upsetting that justin bieber is followed on twitter by like 1\/6 of the U.S. population
Anyone out there selling space jams DS size 12 in men's??????
Getting things for free is always welcomed in my book
I love the movie playing for keeps
Tune in to BET if you want to see All the La Thots.
The abuela is stupid oh my fuck
My hair is way too blonde. How the hell did it get so light...
Grown niggas be sharing rooms with they little sisters
I mean ... I guess
Incredible kick by Ronaldo!
FUCK 95% of you. Don't support my shit.
Use google.. might help \": I need directions to a shop where i can get an ice-cream &amp; popcorn machine in abuja. Address somebor
Shopping with grandma and grandpa &gt;;
Got lost inside Yankee stadium 4 times so far
Watching Super Hero Movies Makes Me Think Of The Annoying Comments Mark Would Make About How It's Not Like The Comic.
The Penn State 2014 football video would be 1000x better if AC\/DC was playing
Looks like the kings getting dethroned tonight
All they care about is the petty drama with friends and getting with guys.
\": Just gonna eat some pizza and listen to The Weeknd :(\" Rft
Twitter \": Who don't like dark skin honeys RT : YO MOMMA dark skinned too, nigga. Shut up.\"
Negative emotions aren't attached to us permanently like eye color or hair color. They are learned behaviors which means they're relearnable
Sitting in my room burning Oreos. No energy to do anything
Ok let me try again, time for new Diva's champ?
The captain is back
People need to say something nice for once
now watching last nites Episoid
Just made a PB&amp;J, that hit the spot
It's bit even 8 yet and it feels like I have been up all day.
There is no better feeling then TRULY falling in love with someone. Well aside from getting $10million dollars but still. . . It's 2nd.
Realize everything you have, not what you don't, that's what makes your day
WHY DID MY PHONE JUST SAY NO SIM CARD INSTALLED
Bleaching my hair, drinking some chocolate milk, the fuck going on
Only the person im talking to gets to see my soft side , ima thug
Smoking a blunt while getting your puss ate..... yaasssss
All jokes aside who told Rasheeda she could rap ?
This is killing me. Intense.
What in the fucking world
someone text me tomorrow reminding me that I purchased a lava lamp. Just do it
Thank you Father God for this opportunity, always at the last minute, but I knew it was coming this time! lol \/7
in the mood to listen to sad songs for 29 days
rih is gonna be at the awards so you know im watching.
Anything going on tonight? Nope! Fine I'm going back to bed
If you've never had a berry smoothie from Costco what are you even doing with your life?
Wtf why is there a new app on following kim k and her life...thy need to be making apps on how to read your books
All the talk about this meeks guy from Stockton is fucking ridiculous!! The guy is a freaking criminal, wake the up people!!
If he's the middle man who's on the other side?
The smartest boyfriend quote of the night: \"Vegan doesn't mean it can't be chicken honey!!!\"
Chicken cutlet and tomato slices &gt;&gt;&gt;
Great WOD tonight: added 15lbs to my power snatch 1RM and hit my first series of strict chest-to-bar pull-ups.
when the weebs @ my shook try to talk to me you can see how uncomfortable i get
I'm hella mad I sent a message that was only like halfway done
If they're for peace, why is there war?
Where has Jany been all my life!?
sa voix elle est trop sex motherfuckkaaaaa
I saw jhene. Idc about the awards no more.
It actually really pisses me off
Sometimes I prefer calls over texts and snapchats and all of that
To the dumb fucks working on the 135 quit watering fucking plants and fix the road already
Me: \"how many chicken breasts should I cook?\"\nMy mom: \"my eyes have been itchy all day and my head hurts.\"\nMe: \"so.... How many then?\"
I just found left over sour gummy worms from last nights munchies I'm so happy
Let em walk
oooooooh killll em
it's like a week into summer and my hair is so light and I'm really tan
when they say theres a prize in every box, they're not talking about women or are they?
Picking up this new job application tomorrow. I been slacking,
Every time DMX says X in a song I pretend he's saying will
I'm so addicted to all the things you do in between the sheets
I want to sleeep alllll day tomorrow
Oh shit. I'm tweeting during a World Cup game. I'll just delete everything and tweet it again once Americans stop pretending to like soccer.
Aaaah casi llegamos a la competencia de hotdogs!!
my tweets are irritating you? Then unfollow me. That simple bruh
Yelling all my life problems to the trucks stuck with me in traffic
Evie \"I need some one to make me a sandwich. A nice sandwich\"
at legionnaire surrounded by 40 pandora employees all under 30
Vamos, Pulga! Vamos, Argentina!
\"Have your way Jesus.. There's no one like you, no one like you..\"
I've recognized many places today from playing Spider-Man and Tony Hawk video games a decade ago based in NYC hahahahahaha
Lmaooo I hate when I answer someone and i forget i did, then I look back and I wrote something dumb like \"cool beans\"
Two words....Tim howard
The sky looks so serious rn
Im not tired so ill beat the ol DICK to make me tired
Why you got to be so rude?
Getting this NY connect fuck it
Waking up and not knowing where everyone went. So now I'm home alone yaaaaay
Danielle sends me nudes so I know it's real :-)
Almost done with first season! So good!
Girls get called crazy for demanding respect these days
You a bad girl and ya friends bad too
Lowkey when was fathers day ?
There's so many songs I wanna learn how to play on the piano ugh
excited for tuesday
This sunburn though &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
HOWARD AGAIN WHAT IS HE ON
I do wonder how we got this far.
(19) Feliciano Lopez def. \nYuichi Sugita 7-6, 7-6, 7-6 in the 1st round of .
Stop animal cruelty. I am sick to my stomach of animals being cruel.
First purchase after becoming single: body pillow
I'm so over being lied to
Ser Alliser, Pyp and Grenn were pointless deaths. Still bothers me.
Anyone wanna go bowling or do something? Bored as hell.
\"Don't you wish was here right now to harass kathleen\" -
Ladies and gentlemen the are your 2014 champs! And that's a *guarentee* Take your talents to the golf course!
Since sex education started in India, incidence of rape have 100 times. Congress is culprit.
For the morning crowd: July Fourth brunch will begin at two pm at my place. DM me for deets.
I think after a while you just learn what to expect from people &amp; when you do just do them like they did you.
Patrick straight up had a conversation back and forth with a dog for like ten minutes, and then he passed the fuck out
What in the world happened at work while I was gone?
That's the blueberries talkin'.
Yo y tf is everyone still sleeping. It's 7am on 4th of July
Yeezy's all on your sofa. These the red Octobers.
And Bitch I said it. Now who gon pop me?
The Bucks just traded for Jason Kidd's coaching rights, but they have Larry Drew under contract. Will Kidd head basketball ops?
I distance myself from people for a reason.
baby let's face ittttt, I'm not into dating
I can face 6 ls all by myself
All my boys choose to have a graduation partty same day as me lol
the lawyer David, did it
Holy SHIT! Less than a minute into this game...GOAL!!!!
Don't give us Solange instead .
I DESERVE PIZZA ON MY DOORSTEP
Jus gonna let it be
I'm high &amp; you're hot &amp; I'm cool. Okay, okay cool dress, I'm impressed. Who are you? Okay, okay that's chill.
Happily landed. Big gloomy skies with distant glimmers of sparkling lightning.
Fuck 4 hours of sleep. Fuck it
Wasn't that long but at least I got to spend time with you
Honestly more people can come just not a lot!
Society is fucken sick.. You left your toddler in a car for 8 hours TO DIE and then said your forgot about him....
Craving for shake shack
Got to leave my shoes on at the airport &amp; the guy in 13B threw me a birthday party with extra snacks from flight attendant = great birthday.
Okay well one home down, let's go USA
why do I always attract the most annoying people wtf.
You work hard enough to deserve opportunities those opportunities are gonna come to you. Create and Live your dream
That was fun while it lasted.
Bruh you'll never catch me on a long board again
I'm gonna be everything I wanna be so I'm gonna be what I wanna be
What's mine is mine. Damn I love what's mine
UGHHHH LET IT BY 9 AM BY NOW
That moment when someone calls an angry orchard an apple orchid. And i quit.
Fran's pooping while I'm napping in her bed
\": i'm christina lol\" i know
I just wanna go home already
\": biggie will always be the best rapper!! Everyone knows that.\"
It's Monday but who wants to get fucked up??
Fuck you to lol.... RT : MANNN FUCK CITY PARK !!!
Seems like people are really just learning the word brunch. It's an early lunch or late breakfast. 6pm is not brunch anymore
Bout to get to real my niggahs is bout to slid thur
Nicole don't like that picture I got tagged in. I have 8 fat rolls
Heck yea cant wait to smoke my vape like a douche during Motionless In White man Warped is gunna SO TIGHT
If Stuart Murdoch sang Matchbox 20's \"If You're Gone\", everyone would freak out at this new Belle &amp; Sebastian jammie.
Growing up in a fundamentalist Christian church I never once heard people getting lambasted for using birth control
it's kind of funny how people stereotype a person based on their grade in high school.
If your not deec at candy land or trouble
Watching play futbol is so much more entertaining on Univision.
Con PYD Justin nos demuestra que \"nos la quiere meter hasta el fondo\". BIEBER!
It's this one dark skin nigga that's winning.... js
I just woke up... Heaven is a place on earth
I'ma fr bouta rob a bank cause I'm that bored
Huyu goalie wa costa rica yuko navas
Every night I cry softly into my pillow because I have neither a sword\/armor combo or magical powers... And also I think my AC is broken.
Observation: The instinctive human behavior of courting and mating is seriously being hindered by the hand held mobile device!
full house and friends are both on shit
Mainly looking forward to Kayla's tweets during teen wolf
So 8:15 woobanger?
Riding the A train where
Crust ain't even out your eyes and my neighbors are setting off fire works OK
I think that you should let it burn
Won't you come over baby i just wanna make up sweet love
I feel so big right now i literally cant sleep! -.-
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJA no puedo con estas Mexicanas demasiada picada hasta una foto de mi sacaron *-*
Two issue closes in one week merits two martinis. Maybe three.
My dad fed my guinea pig while I was away. Didn't even have to ask. Whatta guy.
Why the fuck do people talk to me when I have headphones in? Like I play my music really loud on top of that, I don't wanna help you.
Almond Dream ice cream is soooo fucking good
Puede ser 4 o 5 de julio y para mi es lo mismo, porque yo no trabajo, Salgo cuando quiero y a la hora que quiero .. Soy telible :3
Learn how to spell while you're at it. Damn*
I WANT TO CALL THEM BUT IM A WIMP KMFG
There's nothing to do tonight and I'm broke so are we all seeing the problem here
Happy 4th of July to everyone out there. God bless all the men and women who have fought for our country. May we remember. America Fuck Yeah
Apache (aka the black monster by the Taliban) combat videos are unreal. Hoping will be flying one covering my ass someday
Henny con cranberry, im feeling so dirty
Lebron crying again
Weird how my phone dies super slow when I want it to but dies hella fast when I don't.
COMMON IS STILL SO SEXY LOOORD I WILL LICK THE SWEAT OFF OF HIS HEADDDDDD!
SFing for 2.5 hours before I get home.
Bravo to Costa Rica!!! \n\n
why is that pic of jack myers all over twitter!
Look up wish me luck when you see that plane pass in the sky
Dudes be on some homie hoppin shit these days too idgaf what anyone says... Men are hoes too
I want to go on the bachelor solely so I can travel to all these places they go to, and for free !
This lady on the bus just grilled the shit out of me
I feel like listening to - gonna plug that in when I get in the car.
The ball casually just rolls in...
I'm really mad at whoever decided to eat garlic pickles and beer on the bus.
Saw the Fault in Our Stars...well fuck me. The tears are real.
Wow she was so right about everything she said
...that it might stand in the battle...\nIN THE DAY OF THE LORD!!!
it such a nice day
Chicks b4 dicks
Yo anybody wanna join my finger boarding team? Just got my half pipe for my tech deck
The Game of Thrones porn parody doesn't have a midget scene. They really blew it
Beautiful shot from Jones!
I dont like taking selfies but oh well.
RIP pant man. Should have refocused your energy on bow tie tying
No new show?! Comon now
I've never actually made cookies with the cookie dough I tell my mom to get
i just wanna love u (give it to me) - jay z ft pharrell
My Friday night = mac &amp; cheese and Netflix
I had it allll going for me... but then in just a couple shitty ass decisions I threw it all away
*Walks upstairs* \nKurt and Patrish are watching \"True Life: My Boyfriend Wants Me to Lose Weight\"
I was thinking to declare my independence from my job today\nAka quit
haven't even been home yet, still @ family dinnnneeer
My favorite thing about Raw now is that every time Seth Rollins has a match Dean Ambrose comes outta nowhere and kicks the shit outta him
Can't go to bed with negative energy........ I'll just imagine how amazing tomorrow will be :)
I mean, wow
Tbh chase your dream bc nothing's impossible once you put your mind to it.
Do you ever just get so SMADD sometimes?
I just wanna sleep all weekend
I had no idea title fight is playing on Saturday.
Why in the hell can't I add free apps to my App Store wishlist? Why is the App Store just the worst app?
Ki srapel qd g perdu mon pouvoir ? la il va revenir en version 2.0
I wish subtweets for me flashed or some shit so i could know
The winner of the icon contest was ! I need your custom.... ^Bud
that's annoying you're annoying everyone's annoying holy shit
i can kill jackie for dragging me to the mall..
155 we need to hang out again cuz I miss u and ily
So... Cldnt slp last nyt .... Ha! Need to slp
heard Kendell girl bump daddy yankee
Weed is not a priority, not even an option nowadays.
I swear to fuckin god if I was home I'd sock the the fuckin wall.
getting a dirty text when ur family is around u
The better teams will lose today. Columbia and and France will lose
Whats meant to be, will always find it's way .
I woke up at 5
Happy Independence Day!\n*shouts Merica randomly all day
Philip why are you up retweeting things go to bed
Turnt is such a stupid word
Fuck you then
There's a lot of pretty girls around here but their personalities fucking suck
Just cut off one the most talented people we're gonna see perform...
The fire in her eyes is takin over
Passing through Fontana rn and idk how can live here there's literally nothing
I feel like every holiday in America is just a reason for people to drink and they don't even worry about the holiday anymore
A ride to belmar would be great right now
I'm only watching this game bc USA
The young man said to me, \"But its hard to live holy.\" \nI said, \"it can be hard, but you have not yet resisted sin unto bloodshed.\"
When your heart is stuck on somebody it doesn't matter who u try to fuck with u gon always think about them an my heart stuck on my shawwdy
To wear heels tonight or naaaah. Lol is that even a question when am I not in heels bc fabulous
So much shit just fell out of my ass
I thought they were about to say penalty
I DONT HAVE MONEY TO BUY YOUR SINGLE BUT YOU STILL BAE THO
There's that one specific convo I remember having with
Turn up and go to bed
There's a new tonight,
Under 5'4 then you starting off good in my book
Seriously considering walking over to GG Park from home just to get a cone from !
Not ready for a long night of work
Found a pair of new flip flops on my bed so I said aloud NEW FLIPPY FLOPPEHS like the girl that says \"it's so fluffy\" from Despicable Me
if you invite gabby over to sleepover don't expect her till 10:30
Shin is so Asian for having an app to order ahead at Verde Tea Cafe
Jessica has heartburn is she gunna die?! PLZ someone answer SOS.
Netflix is whack \nThe movies I've seen are so wtf hahah
.how do you get a twitter verified account? I'm not famous or a legend like you.
Maybe us isnt taking it the whole way
Yaass bisshh yaaass Nailss donee , ONLY ONE COAT , Cuuz thiss reed is P O P P I N .
I will upload my set pics from my camera later. I pretty much ate nothing today at the set, and I am starving now. Catch you all in a bit!
that was a Mortal Kombat move
\": I wanna go to the movies tonight ..\" next weekend will be better
Thinking about the future gets me excited and sad at the same time
DJ Sassy Jeff and the Fresh Princess
Young and hungry sounds like kind of show
That dream was so amazing why wasn't it real I'm actually so sad about it
Just had a girl turn around because she thoughtt I was
26 hours later and I can see Los Angeles woooo
IT TOOK 4 SONG BUT ORCHESTRA IS STARTING TO BOB ALONG (maestro been so down sing song 1)
Feel like everyone's in a bad mood today
There really is nothing I like about New York...
My math teacher is my only teacher who didn't post her final grades are u shittin me
Badd Bitch!,, \": Suck KD dick and harden\"
Writers who hashtag to denote that you are writing: do you realize you've just tweeted a ?
I swear Chinese buffets are where my competitive side comes out
Even beat Argie's goal 2 minutes in.
Why the hell isn't Johnny Garlic's open at 8:00 on Sunday morning?
selenas home 2000 Rock Dove Court Vaquero Gem
LITERALLY TOO ANNOYED HAVING TO DO MY SUMMER VACATION
I cant wait to get my hair and eyebrows done
Hello Malbec, my old friend, I've come to drink with you again...
Martin Kaymer won The Players Championship on Mother's Day and the on Father's Day.
Things to stay away from: man with a ferret on subway
but i talked to your bestfriend and i ain't messin with that.
YAAAAY.. Got my work schedule for July\/Aug. Literally scheduled Sun Mon Tues night every week muahaha hoorah to the long weekends of summer!
Seeing your face on my feed pisses me off now
I seriously need to stop missing volleyball practice
Why am I getting so irritated????????
nash did you meet justin
Tim Chang at Mayfield Fund talking about the future of wearables in \"Building Humanity 2.0\"
Golazoooooo Messi, eso es todo
All that money these rappers blowing could go into a poverty struck city ...
On some reals though, gotta take their 13year old to her Pre SAT class today... No wonder her parents are a doctor and a neurobiologist..
Hold up a sec that teacher my mom met was actually from prekinder wow
You know your bored when your watching keeping up with the kardashians
The airport security line is the ONLY place that I ever want to see another man taking off his belt or his shoes off...\n
I guess i just got
FALTAN BANDA DE FOTOS,O SEA YO ME SAQUE COMO 8 Y NO HAY NINGUNA :_______
I'm so tired and my body is so sore but I can't fall asleep and I don't wanna be laying here in bed
Embrace your 1 day off money
Well, I can say it was recognized? but like what to do about it?
I can't believe this is my last day of middle school
Nothing better than a clean home and freshly washed clothes.
Wow \": ............MANU!!!!!!\"
What an amazing day and now and even more awesome night :)!!!
I could watch les miserables over and over
I'm so tired, but my eyes aren't ready to close yet sooo...
Spurs fans are happy to he spurs fan again after liking the celtics, lakers, and heat for the past ten years
Finally messi playing how he should be now keep it up.
''Jesus said to him, 'If you can believe,[a] all things are possible to him who believes.''\n\n -Mark 9:23
Estar en EEUU marginada del mundo encontrar wifi y ver todas las felicitaciones te alegra el dia
NATE AND DANS BROMANCE IS MY FAVORITE THING NEXT TO BLAIR AND CHUcK
\"Wanna take a selfie with me?\" - mom during Jack's graduation
Just one of those days where you forget you left a dead bird on top of the fridge.
Barely just found out that I have to complete two mandatory online classes this summer for SJSU -_-
That fu-fu lame shit I aint wit it
Hey Arnold was the SHIT. Everyday after school with a bowl of cereal was them days boyy
How do you miss that Duncan.
7 Train is a sad place after a Latin American futbol loss
I have to wake up in like 30 minutes
I've been dreading the chemistry exam since July 14th 1997.
I just drove past a huge farm with cows all over the place and a big billboard for a prime-rib steak house was next to it hahahaha noooooooo
And this is why my thoughts are circles and true conclusions are above me.
you know i'll fuck you like i'm fresh out of jail.
jhene aiko can't sing to me
Nas has just never had a good ear for production. I think he's flourish with an album fully handled by No I.D
Seriously, is the food just a prop on ? Bc they never eat it!
Back to work I go
So is gabby gonna bake me a cake or naw????
Feel like I'm in a puzzle can't find the missing piece..
Why do if get called into work for the dumbest shit
Omg. Sylvester and Peters need interview help.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK TO NYC CAN WE HANG OUT
I love weed nigga! I got a green thumb!
WHEN I MEET SOME 1 THAT'S DOWN 4 ME 4 REAL I SWEAR I GOT U IT'S JUST US
I always miss the games I want to see most
Tom Howard beast
Gettin my girly drink on
At least I can look forward to that poker that you promised me once I get up there with you
We are birthday soul sisters
I kinda feel sick .... but not really
That teen wolf rap fckin sucks...pls stop these white girls.\n\nBut thats none of my business
Slowly becoming bartacus and my mom came home......sweeeeerve
\": \"dont ever say that
I'm havnign a panic attack in the back of a cab holy shit I'm fucjing freakin out oh my of help
and i've had trust issues ever since
Think I might have what we're doing for the talent show...
WHY CANT I TAG IN PHOTOS
having my first mcgriddle and it's the strangest thing ever
These men in the Bae Area love the struggle, that's the answer to any question regarding these men
Eso parece un Palo de canela
Jake schmalz loves dogs and dogs love jake schmalz
I like taking niggas hoes but I stopped doing that
Lmao , No funny this nigga was about to feel the wrath today.
Lovin', touchin', squeezin' each other\nWhen I'm alone all by myself\nYou're out with someone else\nLovin', touchin', squeezin' each other
I love anyone who makes me smile
\": Queridos Colombianos, there was no offense intended from my side. Please accept my honest and sincere apologies\" FUCK YOU
Whip in the shop till tomorrow mayne
How the fuck do I get a chubby from the stairmill
Someone be a pal and come to Dairy Queen with me
Watch teen wolf or study for chem...
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
My mom just gave me 5 gift cards to different restaurants is she tryna make me fat
i only want to die alive
I could look through these pictures for days
Swear Bosh been in this whole game..
\": All the negative shit that happens to you is a test; pass it and you'll be wiser and stronger than before.\"
say I love you miranda
I just sneezed and threw my phone in the process
Going to a little party again! See you guys later!
I mean I've only gotten 1 cold this summer but as soon as I go back to cuse I'll be sick for 8 months
GO WONDO PLEESE
Low convo participation today,have never seen Game of Thrones &amp; don't know the hell anyone's talking about. Not ashamed to admit this.
I just accidentally said \"see you in the marnin\" to my mom... I miss you Hahahha
Somebody get Latasha Lawrence out my mention before I take off me belt
I think 3 missions of Watch Dogs is too much for me lol
My dick is bigger yours
I found a scene girl blog
If you knew my side of the story you would understand
Bart smells like a big fart
What's the fuck good for tn doe?!
Nice mustache bro.
You literally beg for sympathy from every person in the 315
has to be one of my favorite pay-per-views. Love the theme song and ladder matches.
&lt;--- Savage RT : You gotta be a savage to like crunchy peanut butter
Morning! Happy 4th of July, everyone!~ Thank you based Futbol Gods for putting World Cup soccer on an American holiday.
it's that ole fashioned special feeling Har.
Can only hope that someday, we can be friends
Van acabar esos negros africanos con los blanquitos americanos
Melo would have to take a 70 million dollar pay cut to go to south beach so ya Miami fans can stfu
Also my friend spent $85 on me for the Limited Edition Gambino Vinyl.\n&lt;3
Group chats will be the fucking death of me i despise them
What better way to spend your night then to watch The Office at midnight
I love the ice from sonic
\"Hey, I will NEVER finger her and I will NEVER let her finger me.\" - Pennsatucky
Oh yeah. I saw 22 jump street finally. Not bad. I wonder if there will be another sequel ..
One of the better parts of the new job is the water cooler. I'm drinking a lot more water rather and a lot less soda these days!
I always get in trouble because of someone else
I honestly just don't give a fuck anymore
These employees are rude as fuck, no lie.
I see pretty girls everywhere I go
im just tired of it Im gonna think about it
One of the greatest rappers ever; Common.
been sleep since 2:30 nd now just getn up thats max
Out if all weekends, everyone decides to hmu when I'm not in town.
Mr. Sean Jones. Mr Sean A Jones. Mr. Sean Alan Jones. Mr. Jermaine Adair.... : ) Sean is so funny.
Anyone wanna see how many fucks I give about the World Cup?
ask me what i did with my life, i spent it with you !
Las chilenas estan piconas porque tenemos al mejor pais de sudamerica de nuestro lado. AGUANTE ARGENTINA Y PERU pastrulas de mierda csm
Suffering from a headache...withdrawal or stress????
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I JUST GOT ASKED IF I WAS A MANDINGO LMFAO
Meek mill my new crush lol
Just learned my tinder says im 24. LMAOOOOO. sorry guys who think im not jailbait. But I am. Wait. Jail. Bait mean younger than 18 right ?
Happy birthday to what the eff are you gonna do to top this AWESOME year you had?!?!? Maybe go to space??
Lmao had to steal snitch bitch from Ronnie
The goalie was in shock lmao ode
... todo eso es igual a felicidad!!\n.. y ganas de tomarme un olafo! :-(
drinkin fuckin smokin plottin schemin plottin schemin gettin money
So the skincare drug Accutane costs over US$400 in California, but S$200 in Singapore for a month supply. But it's not that simple..
She look like a black grandma about to go to church Easter Sunday
USA soccer then meeting Gary Oldman then big OX, life is good
Starting to realize it's not worth going to wing stop unless you order before you get there.
It really bothers me that I still have fall scented soap in my bathroom. I wanna get my summer ones out
Excited for 14-15 and new Sup. Wilson! Expect more live tweets of SB meetings. Follow along, and spread the word:
I love Kendall but she's being such a brat in this episode.
Dumb smacked just cooked my brother in 8 pool lmfao
I need a nigga with a foot fetish lmfao.
True player for real, I know you heard about me
I wish. \": Is it football season yet?! \"
Can't stay mad at you forever
How they got the rock looking Arab as fuck playing the Greek god Hercules.. What's next Samuel Jackson as Bruce lee
life is an open canvas. you paint the story of your life.
are in the lead!!! Keep it up!!! ^Tom
Wait was I just actually crying?
CAN U TELL im feeling empowered by the gender studies class i just finished
Get off me!!
Earphones would be so clutch right now
I don't like those red light green light runners (sprint\/walk\/sprint\/walk)
\"You like the way I flick my tongue or nah? You can ride my face until you drippin cum, can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah\"
Jacobs voice is amazing i dont know how he isn't making albums yet
Dr Doolittle is pitching...but its not Eddie Murphy
Holyyy , I love Madz . True rebel right duurr
You girls are so petty its disgusting and embarrassing. You can't even discuss someone's BOMB make up skills without cussing yourselves out
I dont have a . . .guys?
Just crawled into my bed for the first time since Thursday...it is so comfortable! I've missed my own bed!
This show just took a turn tf
I am just a social butterfly today (:
I joined snapchat all of 3 hours ago and I love what it's doing to my and 's relationship.
Fred is a savage , Lo is a savage , Twan is a savage , Eman is a savage , Dion a savage , Lou is a savage .... Gotta all star lineup
No soy perfecto pa, pero duro doy!
My boyfriend just had a genius idea.... \nThere needs to be an in n out boat on the river.
I wish I had lion eyes lol
Tweeting live from Weed California
this is why i want an ugly boy.. So nobody wants him except me!
depois vou la na casa da Ana :D
\"Middle age is when you're faced with two temptations and you choose the one that will get you home by 9 o'clock.\" -Ronald Reagan
daws has this little tent thing in the living room..I fell asleep in it and no one woke me up. That was 3 hours ago
4th of July.\n\nI know, fireworks, Barbecues, etc..... but I was born in a communist country (Czech) so 4th of July means SO MUCH more to me
People change around you because\nThey starting treating you different because of your success....
10 minutes early to a doctor appointment for the first time in my life. Is this adulthood?
Can't even go to sleep because every unnecessary thought is filling my mind
I don't give a Fuck what that dude feels
I was mad now I'm sad, I feeeeeeel so lonely.
Y'all know I gotta thing for Hispanic women right , they got the line on every thing for a nigga tho
It's simple, Kawhi Leonard is better than LeBron in the 2014 playoffs
All the shit you was spittin , so unoriginal .
- Your dumbb cutee . We text here and there . You didnt speak when i saw you
How I'm sad now I'm gonna go to sleep Bc I have no hoes
Snapple peach tea is on sale everywhere
Im not a heat fan but I will be amazed if they came back from a 3-1 deficit and got a 3peat...
this is the only game in the world that can make a country sad or happy!!
Fuck u josue, take yo shit off private!
Idk how tonight went... It's unexplainable
tmrw i'm gonna have soup for breakfast bc i can't have it now
Ain't no shower rod that strong lmfaoo
Im still trying to figure out how he found that post... I swear tumblr is a hidden world of mines... Just my own personal space. lol
But 3 inches of hair is so much.....
Said id be in by 11.... I'm still sitting on my couch
YO FIRST DAY OF BALLET DOWN, 8 WEEKS TO GO
My wrist wear Chopard but the Muller's cooler
(Which, ironically, would be an illegal interview question if the employer asked about applicant's religion because discrimination and all)
To the dude at the magazine store who just sneakily took a picture of me while pretending to search for service: I seen u, sir
Ay Chile hay q aprender de Los ticos para cobrar penaltis.. Impecables.
today has easily been the best day of 2014
We it's pretty much Thursday, that's close enough to Friday but who cares haha
why he acting like I need him yuck
Never liked soccer, and im not gonna jump on the bandwagon and pretend i do now lol
LONG ISLAND BOUND FOR THE WEEKEND!!!
Listening to Aventura ... Have me feeling some type of way
You know my rule. Never trust a white man with dreads.
WHAT. A. GOAL.
Bon mwen oblije back up us wi la! Let's go USA
were bouta pass tf out in this cafe
Nigga I really HATE being touched. Even if you accidentally touch me it strike a nerve to piss me off.
But I guess what do you expect .. Jay and Bey stole folks money and went on tour like 5 times and thought ppl gonna go see em
My feet are hella dead and I got work at 8:45 to 2am fuuuuuuuuck my life
Stayed up past 2 for 5 straight days
I'm trusting you. don't make me regret it.
People do slowly fade away from eachother
Such a lost soul chasing a lost trail of gold
Ok ... and I cannot for the life of us find this photo you turned up mere minutes after we took it....?? How??
I don't like to hold grudges but I can't let this one go
Am I the only person who could go (at least) a full year without hearing the words or again?
The only time I tweet is in school aha
the tongue pierces deeper than the spear
this school year was so drama-free &amp; im gonna miss it sm
Wow this day has been full of ups and downs.
YOU GOT KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT
Thursday will be stressful. hopefully everything goes well. good night.
Bwow can do w.e he want .... he got money its ok
for you. Sorry it doesn't fucking work that way go fuck yourself
I gotta let you know I've been so weak without your touch
\"Your best player has to set a tone of intolerance for anything that gets in the way of winning.\" Jeff Van Gundy Who will this be for us?
They don't miss
To think I'll live here in 1 yr.... lol idk how to feel about this
lotto'd Aladdin.. didn't win; lotto'd Hedwig.. didn't win; fake stagedoor'd If\/Then.. got to see :) it was a really good day!
I do love how ice cube references to his music in all his movies though!
So excited that a new season of starts tomorrow!
Gettin real tired of this shit, everyone's got plans and I'm at home doin dishes all like
Wtf he said he doesnt know I hate this lady
She said to me, forget what you saw bc good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught.
Amazing! Dempsey always In the right spot
going to sleep bc lbr i'm probs gonna die tmrw
I love in her lines on ! I look forward to her screen time!
I still sleep with my turtle every night. I have for the past 8 years and nothing will change that....
Roll the windows down, let the smoke clear
I just want to eat please get out of my house
Hate getting beat to things I want to do
I never even come online anymore bc I'm tired of constant drama on my tl
dasha said i have white people lips lol thx bae
Gay people everywhere in Vynl though!
Ecen though Im . Go portugal!
Day day irritating. Why wake me up talking about do I have some weed. Bitch it's 7 'oclock !
Damn what should I do with 1000 dollars?!
Costa Rica gana a Holanda 5-3 in penales despues 120 minutos empaten 1-1.
Im sorry if the Camera is shaky its because i was getting moshed and people were crowd surfing
I'm a down ass friend that always got your back. If you push me to that level it's you not me. I'm a solid ass person. But ppl try me.
Is it just me or does everyone care about the World Cup more this year than before... Along with music festivals, coffee shops, et al.
Work... Can we not
Here is the lonely hum in my brain where your name used to be.
Get up and break fast and coffee in the morning ?
I think this Fourth of July is gunna be a BBQ type of celebration, no shows for meeeee
I feel sorry for who can't watch it bra!!!! Like you ain't gunna the bae Derek lol
Ima Knick fan who just wants to see the Heat lose
Desmond always says the weirdest shit I swear lol
wow my 14 yr old cousin has better weed connections than I do..
\"Get crazy with the cheez whiz\"
just two days before
\": thots ruin everything\"
\"Open Up Your Love\" by on his new beattape is fuckin dope!! Check him out
I hate the summer seriously when is it gonna be fall or winter or Christmas
My family said if there's gonna be music at my wedding they won't come.
I see these same girls every morning -Sad
The music is too loud in this bar. I can't hear what anyone's saying.
Where are you going? Can I come with you? I don't feel right when you are not here
I have ALOT of sleep to make up this summer.
All you gotta do is be upfront wit me forreal
My sister is literally stressing out so much cuz she can't find a shoe. I'm jealous if that that's your biggest stresser in life...
Imma feel sick for David if USA loses cause there goes their chances of getting out the group
I heard that your dreams came true
Ronaldo sucks he's so overrated
Yes. My camera is my mcm. Yes. He's a boy..
Where has Lil Wayne been though
Honestly. Are you fucking serious right now.
I need to go to senior prom next year. Someone ask me right now
would be great if oomf would reply .
Kyle Lowry to the Heat :-\/
WE'RE GONNA FIND DANIEL AND THEN GIVE HIM TO MICHAEL AND THEN BECOME FRIENDS WITH MICHAEL CUZ WE FOUND DANIEL #
This weather in crampin' my style
Looking back on the past.... I wouldn't change a thing!!!
That big bitch left out the convo lol
My sweet summer is gone she left me here with sand in my bed
IT WAS GOOD, FUCKIN' GOOD. THAT'S ENOUGH
New SaaS companies, 'making ____ suck less' isn't cool. It's just an overused, meaningless tagline. Please be more creative.
Ok WTH is Nick Cannon wearing???
.WIC checks will be accepted tomorrow. We're working on setting up SNAP and EBT.
Niggas wake up and start draking ASAP
Apple needs to make ginger people emojis for my fellow homies
But I'm so thankful that my brothers better
It's going to be some Chance meets Erykah meets Arctic Monkeys meets Gambino meets 2002 Ashanti meets Arcade Fire with a sprinkle of Tyler
Sometimes, you just have to say fuck it.
Hey and was that the best strike by a US player you've ever seen?
People push away the people that care about them the most
On this day in 1968, Bobby Bonds hit a Grand Slam in his first AB. A MLB record!
how can u be so mean to someone who just wants to help u\/ make u happy idk
I'm old enough to know better, young enough to not give a fuck
so happy no cops came forreallllllll
Before I met I thought he was a shy, chaste little boy. Thank god I was wrong.
Wonder if you're thinking about me too right now.
why does anyone follow me on twitter what are you getting out of this
Why niggas always gotta lie about who they know.
When really cute guys check me out and I can't help but smile like an idiot!
Hacking Ruby (JRuby) for the first time in a while. So much more fun than Python. Comparable to Scala, but lighter, easier.
\": YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THAT BIG FAT BUTT\" WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE
I'm ten followers away from 100!
Well missing your flight home sucks
i wonder if ppl see me and think that i am punk
I can stay awake till 2 on my own but as soon as I'm with a friend I ass at 10
How can you take my tweets so serious? If I say ima shoot up a school does that mean ... Nvm man
lmao he said \"oh I wish\"
I want lots of ice cream
I've been spending money, not even checking my bank account lol
Finding those people that you have so much in common, things instantly just click &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
The moment you realize even your own family ain't shit
Baby Bron Bron is sad
Nick knows just what to say to stay on the show.
If you feint crossing the street when traffic is coming in NYC, you'll kill a half dozen people looking at phones who'll follow your lead.
And yes, wrestling promos can and should have a prominent place in global soccer.
I can't do this anymore this thing is running my entire life I have nothing to look forward to anymore and I feel like I should just die
Yay Maureen's with my fav ladies *_*
What does one do in this situation
Bruce Shapiro of : \"When we're talking about veterans, when we're talking about trauma, we're talking about aftermath.\"
Sometimes it's just too much to handle
Just munched out holy shit I hate myself
Highlight of pride was when (poussey from OITNB) pointed to me and Lauren
Don't even try and talk to me about costa rica's win rn I will flip a shit
Sheltered and safe so she nevaaa gets freed but she loves trouble she's drawn to the danger
the fact that I don't have a suitcase that is big enough to fit all my shit in it ((((((:
Pakistan authorities if only you could do the same\n\": Airline imposes lifetime ban on .\"
TyS We Found love
I find that everyone I know is more annoying on social media. Including myself
No idea what im going to do but gotta do something
yooo that means either agony or kitty isnt getting in
well my boyfriends in the band he plays guitar while i sing lou reed ive got feathers in my hair i get down to beat poetry
Can speedometer go a day without going out lol
I have never met one girl named taylor that I have liked lol
WOWWWWWWWWWWW what a GOAL!!!!!
All my niggas got guns; no registration
I almost just choked and everyone in my house is sleeping..... I could've died
Literally just fell asleep watching batting practice. Guess you lose the excitement of going to Yankee stadium after you've played there...
Gotttta stay high all the time to keep you off my mindddd
22 jump street round 2 with
I dont care if she sounded like jermaine dupree, Jhene fucked it up SOOOOO get outta here
this game about to be good af
It's 4 and me Bedian and Dubois are still going hard at Monopoly
Beautiful day... If the best view in your place is the TV, then get out!
Water balloon fight. My house. Who's down??
My neighbors are gonna call the cops my entire house is literally screaming
He shouldnt be making that much money
Might be a blessing honestly
CAPTAIN CLINT!!!! GO GO USA!!!!!
Either the Fetzima is increasing my prolactin level or I have another brain tumor. Oh boy!
Also reads quite differently from their most recent memo about American drone that killed US citizens
My oh my.... What a shot
I just wanna cuddle with my chocolate, I miss him.
A woman is much more than a notch on your belt, a trophy for your display case, a feeling of \"winning,\" my nigguh. Get yo mind right.
It's only 7pm and I'm already fucking hammered at The Ritz and I'm trying to stay sober for help
*B-boy stance *
Great day to be on the diamond
A year ago I had a random conversation with a stranger, stranger becomes my friend, friend becomes my girlfriend. Weird how things work out
Ew I don't like sitting out here in the sun it's fucking hot! But I'm also tired of being so damn m'f white! UGH
Gaga sells 260K \"OMG SHES A FLOP\"\nLana sells half \"OMG YASSS SLAY QUEEN\"\nTHIS FANBASE IS FUCKED UP
Sad there is no Kaka in the World Cup
ghana bouta score
I don't think I've ever been excited for a football season than this year.
Happy Independence Day! Now be a great American and go blow something up.
Germany \/ Algeria tmrw is going to be crassy
Someone followed me and their name was also Sami
seeing your face makes me smile
The hunger for more is what makes it last
My mom just told me she likes my big toe lol! Like whet?! Hahaha.
Greece didn't deserve to be this far
It looks like the are playing against a bunch of tired old men who'd rather be home watching this on TV
I can't look at those pics of ppl graduating and the pics of my graduation from last year and stuff it makes me think about the past to much
I have a dream that's worth more than my sleep
does that look like a guy with worries?
Tomorrow I want to walk from the pier to twin lakes. Someone plz be down with me
(and probably every other team) lucky they're not facing Roberto Martinez as a coach in the . Knows how to beat anyone.
It's always great to see someone you've missed.
That is a start. Clint has scored at 3 different World Cups. now needs to defend.
Happy birthday to Dobby. A free elf
I feel a heart attack coming on....
I need to stop fucking with Blu juice like I'm about that life
So CSUF is ranked in hardest colleges to earn an A. One of my professors mentioned that her boss investigates when the class avg is an A
Ur talks bout 65x bigger than your walk\nslow thy roll
Kicking ass! Off the 112 mi bike ride, through T2, and somewhere in his first 10k of 26.2. Go go goooooooooo
ese mmg se va a arrepentir. you'll see
Ok I tried but.. I need a drink
oh yeah, he just wanted to piss off Zenigata
I wasn't gonna do a today but shesshhhh
Kattie need to come home. Or I'm walking across the street to get her
Fuck the police tho we smoking like it's legal
Don't really follow soccer but I will always stand with the
CVS Pharmacy in San Mateo has Hiring signs up... Maybe too far..
Def got respect for Patty Mills. Dude always giving 120, but that was a flop lmfao!
it's nice to have someone to miss but it really sucks to miss them
I just wanna talk to you. No one else mayters.
His shirt is so see through...he might as well take off. All of them. Shirts vs. skins. Le'go!!!
It's time to today at Paradise Ridge. Come one, come all.
Wish I can go to my moms house for a month
Vou vomitar na cara de todo mundo que ta comparando a On the Run com a The Monster Tour
Yo no tengo cotorra tengo gallina y avetruces
Pro move: the bearclaw is when you turn ur iPhone upsidedown, double tap homebutton, and quit apps w the triple fingers. Swipe swipe swipe!
Shouldn't have napped. Now I can't sleep :(
Money stresses me the fuck out.
If you think there's someone better then ... you're wrong
I told my roommate his mom sounds hot and he said she is. Idk what to do next because I've never gotten this far
getting out of work early is always the best
Okay well I'm a puss so might as well throw my phone across the room and close my eyes
Hope I made you proud
Bow down to but amazing game
\" I love hoes \"
I need to stop drinking coffee so late
there is no reason to be going down av blvd at 40 mph
Wow bro Macklemore is killin the rap game he is insane #
So totally torqued
\"Shaved ice is just ice, right?\" You're kidding me right?
Just kidding if I didn't have twitter I would text people everything on my mind and that would be so terrible
how's he not been booked for that
I don't know why but I want USA to lose. I think its Because I hate the way they play
I can't play video games for like 3 minutes without my girlfriend thinking I'm doing something bad -.-
TOMA!!!!! Messi time. This is messi's World Cup.
My dad just called my dog Samuel L. Sonny.
Ima need a moment cuz moments last forever.
each day I discover a new reason to hate people.
For 35 bucks that was a fucking bargain
Demsey is a savage
I'm not listening to another trade\/free agency rumor. 90% bullshit.
The last thing I expected from you was to open your mouth and talk about my private life to others.
Music makes me so incredibly happy
Que mi mami me abrace y me seque las lagrimas es lo mas perfecto que me puedo haber pasado dios:').
Why he ain't keep the hat on cdfu
i wish i liked taguchi's voice so i could enjoy his songs cause i really like his genre actually XD but he's gotten better :Db
I hate the tweets I can't retweet lmao they just be having to much vulgar in them i be dying laughing though
Its the same shit folks been saying but got kermit weak ass saying it. I be laughing tho no lie but yall runnin out.
What did I do wrong..
Why does hamburger yield lower energy than steak?
She wanna be a \"Righteous Young Rich Niggas\" bitch.
Ouch, Clint Dempsey.
This girl on the phone was rude.
That was the most terrifying game EVERRRRRRR WOW!
I get the logic of over speeding
I hate being sick!
Out of school w nothing to dooooo woooooo
My bladder is the size if a pea
What a curve
I want cream
Jack Johnson and rain to go to sleep&gt;&gt;&gt;
I miss bothering and 4 oclock in the morning in Jenkins lol
I don't like wasting money and I know you don't. So why would you wanna make me waste my time ?
I'm done with phones after this week. Email me.
13- I thought you were cleaning lol but text me
I hate going to bed when we fight
IM SO PROUD OF U ICANR WAIT TO HEAR THIS SONF OMGOMGOMGOMG
LA GOOD TIMES LAST NIGHT
Happy birthday to this faggot
Hobby Lobby: a shop for people who never get laid and crochet and whatnot,
Some people say i work too hard. Some say i party too much. I dont know man. Handle your shit and simply.. just live life.
I tend to get crazy when there's no deli within 5 minutes
Oh my bad ya'll gotta a new spot. Pizza Empire or whatever.
Just grilled corn, topped it with a dollop of mayo, &amp; sprinkled Parmesan cheese &amp; seasoned salt. I just died &amp; went to heaven
Dreamt about 3 people I can't stand anymore &amp; we was all cool in the dream like we was family
Lucifer me marco fav, tengo la entrada al infierno asegurada
No matter where you are, you want to be friends with the guy who can get stuff. In schools, that guy is the librarian !
I literally just stayed up and watched Katy Perry's movie ... She rules.
mom told me to make plans w\/ friends this weekend. I'm laughing. I need friends to do that. Then she suggested I clean. Laughing even harder
Every movie steve carell is in seems to be a good one...
What makes you think I care about what someone else is doing , that don't concern me
Unreal goal. -1
I can't stand fake bitches bruh
Alright, it's official. I have BG withdrawl.
\": the best person for you to have the most fun with - \"
im not looking forward to today at all
Alexi Lalas has been waiting to drop \"Concacaf'd\" for at least 4 months.
I wanna go on an adventure
Just as I was saying that USA likes to give up early goals in World Cups
\"Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly.\"
Man don't we have classy people in this county.
you know that I do not depend on nothing or no one
30 seconds, and we already scored a goal to Ghana!!!!!!! USA USA USA
I like betting Mohawk on weekdays instead of the weekends,I'll still bet on weekends
Sometimes I just wanna scream to let out anger... or maybe I'll just punch you in the fucking throat.
The foo fighters just fit my modo perfectly right now
I have so many memories in my room
If you're my friend, you're my friend. Idc what we do, how much money you have, etc. Grow up
The extra scoop of guac\/ice cream\/cheese makes all the difference
Fools with no life are always the ones trying to give advice on here with what others should do with theirs.
BUT I SAW AND GOING IN WITH CHRIS YASSSSS
So since I'm dressed and ready to leave who wants to do something
\"you don't look like you'd smoke\" that's like the number one. lol
Tim Howard blocks shot from Brian Wilson
New moon in Cancer Friday , observe how you FEEL.... That's the key for new beginnings. Area to watch is the stomach
But why does it feel like I'm still on vacation lol
Still need to bake cupcakes. I need you!!!
Money is the anthem god you're so handsome
The panic when you're last alive in a gb match and your controller dies
Currently testing Betty
This shopping center has a Panera Bread, Chipotle, Red Mango AND a Starbucks.. Super impressed.
Quote this with your Instagram! I'll follow you, mine is sweettubaa :)
With for the night. &lt;33
Pastores de oveja lo bolsillo lleno e lana
mushu tried green beans and peaches today
Gardner has a little piece of my heart
I'm trying to give Emma an innocent hug &amp; nat comes in with all this crazy stuff woah.
What a friend you are ..
New York's hottest club is LaGuardia.
All my dreams got dimmer when I stopped smoking pot.
Niggas wanna act fake Smfh idk why I even try witchu.
Hostel'de kalmiyali cook uzun zaman olmus.
going to sleep in a fucked up mood is not the biz
I wanna go to the drive ins so bad rn
Rest in peace Michael Jackson dead at 2002
Used to not be allowed in the building but now we on the rooftop
It's a miracle I didn't get on the 12 hour flight home you suggested instead. Thank god I checked with an agent.
Don't worry everyone, dodged the reasoning behind the broken pelvis\/lower spine like it was a bullet.
Sometimes you gotta sit down and realize whos a cancer in your life. Swear on my life you ain't gettin a call from me ever again
My reason for almost always wearing my oversized hoodie: I can walk around with my pants undone and ~no one knows~
And if I had a chance I'd give you one last kiss, and I'd bite down on your lip and I'd try to puncture it so you'll never forget that time
Ew I hate when u don't reply I look like a idiot
C'EST LA REINE D ENGLETTERRE QUI A FAIT CACA PAR TERRE IL FAUT LE NETTOYER AVEC DES POMMEES DE TERRE
Finally home. I'm so glad. My bed. I've missed it.
Retweet if you want to see this nobody host a debate\/discussion on Scottish Independence and a Federal UK with me
Private prison institutions are one of the major sources of corruption in the justice system of the US.
If you cheat on a girl who is willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty
I like takin pictures with ppl
I gota habbit of waking up at 8 now
The drake 2on go way better then the real one .
Sorry! If you follow me and your promoting Dirty Sex Pics aka Porno. Again let me say you will be blocked right away!
Whenever I'm in a tough situation I always ask myself, \"What would Mac Dre do?\"
How badly do you need attention, really?
When bad things happen, trust him. \nWhen good things happen, trust him. \nGod has a plan for all of us, continue to trust him through it all
By thevway i tryed to say id be there, waiting for
Women's contraception use doesn't necessarily imply \"sex\". Viagra does. Not that it's anyone's employers' business
Feel good in NY siitting on the porch facing .. need to sleep tho but fucc lets get high
Dese indian niggas needa hurry &amp; pullup to fix my crilla
I need to go the bank -.-
Soon as u out of niggas lives that's when they start to miss u
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x32
Too tired to even make it to the kitchen to get coffee.
I can't fuck with people who constantly remind you what they did for you
The Middle - Jimmy eat world.
Washing this make up off my face will be the best part of the day
Como una persona me puede hacer tan bien y tan mal a la vez
Quiero Tenertee Con Migo Siempre , Siempre .
Now off to the field again
LMAO !!! HAHAHAHHA
Krs one helped me understand the purpose behind emcees like Run Dmc &amp; Hov wearing chains
I can tell that it's 3:00 am by my mood lmao
El Viernes 4. - y - . Q dia de independencia pasare, lo bueno que en casa. :-)
Oh shit, they blowin up ya phone again
I feel really really disconnected from a lot of people
Keisha went to go take a shit
This show just keep on getting crazier and crazier
Watching my retarded mother and little brother try to kill a fly in the bathroom is probably the funniest thing I've watched all day
Kira is the only person who doesn't annoying within 5 mins
Watching Tiny Goldwyn as Outlaw Prophet: Warren Jeff
So....I needa find my wallet before pay day doe
wanna do purikura w my boyfriend soooo badly!!!!!
Amazed how much better T-Mobile has gotten since my last 2012 visit to SF all bars all the time hspda even in Moscone
Di Maria is so cold!
Got bum ass Raymond Felton and Tyson out of there
It is wayyyyyyy too nice out to be inside so I think I'll just wander around the city of New York!
Fuck man all Asians really do look alike shit
We don't chase em, we replace em
Not gonna lie, the fault in our stars was pretty good. Book was better tho
Ay que boludo Tinelli JAJAJAJAJAJAJA.
So my about my sleeping schedule....
Everything's such a fkn struggle when you have a late birthday
God im tireed
Broke his ankles
This drama is so childish and very ignorant then everyone thinks why we are all 12 year olds cause they going by how we acting
I'm being so short rn omg
Glad to know big bro back
Bright side: all Aron Johannsson does is score goals so maybe it's not that bad and no YOU'RE in denial.
JERMAINE JONES YOU SENSATIONAL DEVIL
I bet your kiss is a soul saver, my favorite flavor, want it now and later.
you just a weak nigga who buss fast lmfao thats all
Rap is like sex... Everybody doin it
I don't know what I wanna do today and that's kinda frustrating
I WISH AND WERE STILL MY FRIENDS
Walk It off m8
Ok so i flew off a lil 50 saturday night that explains my leg ........
I just saw a pigeon in penn station
All a nigga really need is a lil bit. Not a lot baby girl just a lil bit.
\": Quote with your most hated NHL team\" Rangers
I think so much that I eventually get angry and that anger turns into sadness
Keep on keepin' on
*Fun fact* Benjamin Franklin &amp; George Washington both grew Marijuana. - Stated in both their diaries.
Can't decide whether I'm excited or frustrated\/upset that my dad has an interview for a job in FL tomorrow..
So excited for Opening Day!!!
\"I'd be in the club feelin myself\" -Dairian
This just proves that LeBron should not be compared to Jordan. Jordan is flawless in the finals and LeChoke is terrible
Don't miss me and my band at the Brick and Mortar tonight!
Finally the proud owner of a Gremlins shirt. Thank you, for selling it. I also bought a Ghostbusters shirt.
If You Enter This World Knowing You Are Loved And You Leave This World Knowing The Same Then Everything That Happens Can Be Dealt With
Kinda wanna spam Luke kinda wanna punch him in the throat
Spurs deserve it they the better team
These damn Africans playing wild as fuck.
\": hold a lot in until you strike that last nerve.\"
Los griegos orandole a zeus en los penales.
I'm unfollowing everyone thts talking about cams new video it's fuckiiiiing annoying
Novak Djokovic saved 3 set points to avoid a 5th set. Very impressive.
always speaking on some old shit, get the Fuck out my face before I spit in it.
Ultraviolence comes out tomorrow who's ready?!? When I say QUEEN you say LANA! QUEEN...!
Trying to fall asleep. Can't. Gonna try again
My mom gets frusterated with me when I spend my money on expensive makeup and clothes,Im sorry,would you rather I buy crack off the street?
Only 9 bruises from paint balling. Not too shabby
The Duchesses of Hazzard:Women in sensible Volvos pulling over when the cops stop them. The male counterpart wears \"Chad Duchesses\" (khakis)
Hey, ~~~ Don't write yourself off yet.
For let's go Germany!
Republicans to sue Obama, explain why later. Honestly? Fucking pathetic, even by modern Wingnut standards
Spurs did their thing
I like when they show the men behind the cameras at games because then I can put a face to the guys who keep zooming in on girls chests
swear to god I'll murk one of these niggas
but your name is ANDREW smh you lyiin'
Is on. Turn off your cell
Need to mob it to transformers \nAnyone?
Enamorada de la vida, y casada con la muerte!
If a woman doesn't love bling, she is depressed! :-)
i need you to roll it up now,cause i can't wait much longer
I have no energy too deal with anybody but lil bully rn.
The \"loyal - chris brown\" remixes the shit !
Big day tomorrow, first hypothetical lesson in the theatre space!!!! I have lesson plans coming outta my ears tbf
Peace be unto you, And unto you peace.
Netflix is booty, there's never good movies.
my mom saw that snapchat of me and she came into the room and showed it to me and was like \"and then you wonder why people think you toke\"
\": thanks for having me!!!\"
follow she deserves it. follow her
The historical exhibition is, in my opinion, extremely politically charged. For a memorial this seems paradoxical. This place needs openness
i should stop bitchin&amp; understand its life and that bad shit is bound to fucking happen.
\/\/&lt;= ama ala user de marceline (???
Why do yall want sex with someone who don't want it with you?
Thank you for being a life saver. Phone was dead, hotel shuttle was 45 minutes out. Thankfully there was a driver nearby.
This summer is not going to be all about work. I feel like a robot.
burn rubba on u quick as hayl
life is a drinking game and i'm winning
fiquem super triste pq causa daquela cena da Carol,opa
was listening to drake in the shower and when I was done I realized I never turned on the shower and the water was tears
zendaya is pretty &amp; allat. but her outfit is tooo childish. lol
Just saw \"full-stack JavaScript focused\" as a thing. I want the young devs to know we've accomplished much better than JavaScript.
today was such an emotional day
All jokes aside !!! has been so merciful to me !!!
The only pose\/outfit missing fm 's portfolio is a medieval Boba Fett wench doing the Ving Rhames bend over from Pulp Fiction
This world cup shit makes me kinda wanna play soccer again
Ce soir y a le Bresil qui joue et j'ai pas le maillot,j'vais aller le chercher chez l'autre jcrois mdrrrrr :'((((
-imma about to change the channel
Cleaning, grocery shopping and cooking dinner..wife me and Dest up
ALREADY A GOAL!!!
Never thought Erika was down lol She a good wing man
Seriously?!? It's not even July and I just saw a back to school commercial
I havent been to twin peaks since ibwas little .. With my pops
People hate the POTHUS.. so much that they want to impeach him for what?....cause he's using common sense during his presidency..
is everyone born knowing the lyrics to mr brightside or
you're so sweet &amp; smart &amp; perfect &amp; beautiful &amp; i love it so much
Beckerman gave him that football hit lol
Why does she still subtweet me :\/
Important to ensure children in underserved areas have access to nutritious meals year round, because hunger doesn't take a summer vacation.
My line flip the sled today. Progress.
Missing people like and
A [little] man amongst boys.
Jordan is so cool for not texting me back wow
Are you doing any trunk shows this summer ? Would love to see your bags in person! xo
Clint Dempsey is my new hero
I didn't even know my grandma was leaving to Mexico already
Ochoa saves it again on a 1:1 encounter with Arjen Robben
I be feel I like the man when I walk through
My mom want me to get a job. But it can only be in Vineland. Every where else she say no.
I love where I stand , so I ain't trying to change that
Lil bow try to give him dab too
I have seen a lot of places Nylander has a bad attitude
3 week of camp is going to be done
all 3 of us are on a twin bed watching hannah Montana
I'm sorry I forgot that you become unable to operate a car after you take two benedryl
Just tryna go to the beach tomorrow
Op@! Vai ter Brandon Workman arremessando contra os Cubs no dia que eu vou no Fenway! Prevejo um no-hitter.
SOMEBODY GET YOUR CAT! IK IT BELONGS TO SOMEONE BECAUSE ITS FAT AND WELL GROOMED
right now to
Lebron is a great player. It was him vs the Spurs
How do gifs possibly work on twitter?
Wtff yall given up for !! Bitch asses , play to the buzzer
Even though you hate me
I just got home from work ... I'm dead tired.
My mom is hella turnt rn
Ima be who I want to be
I gotta take felipe to chipotle before i leave.
This arrangement of absolutely needs to be released as an album \n\n
MY IDOL JUST WAVED TO ME
The kids friend is like the palest toe head blond. And he light weight looks like a gremlin... He's soo sweet though. Lol
I'm way to lazy to go get my pizza from downstairs and that says slot.
I'm a sucker for some old school Fall Out Boy
Theres a cat outside my window screeching like its being shanked but it's perfectly fine.... Like its just sitting there screaming
Go Greece! What endurance on both sides!
Having haters in your life is a necessity
.Thank you all for welcoming me with open arms!!! I'll miss everyone!! you're awesome!!
Nobody Taking A Pay Cut For This Bullshyt
Post pictures of fireworks I must see them
Can I hug Messi too..
Toda la Solidaridad Y Apoyo A Los Familiares De Los 20 Fallecidos En Acc De ARC Esta Madrugada QEPD. Que Tristeza
Hate when a nigga get smart with me... Nigga I'll hurt the little fuckin feelings you got
When you're hella feelin yourself and you go to buy new work out clothes and you're still a medium
How the fuck you 7'0 n you miss a alley lay up c'mon bosh
All these a people and their tea formation Tuesdays
Packers with always and forever be my team, since I was 2 the love have never stopped
I've really enjoyed watching Joel Campbell play during this tournament
Only God Knows
My moms name is Donna I named her Dorkas in my book
What stupid bitch throws a priceless necklace into the middle of the god damn ocean I hate the titanic it's a stupid movie
Best believe I will find one.
Skip can say whatever he wants CP3 is the best PG in the NBA
I just had a dream (nightmare) that I was late to graduation and forgot shoes.. Guess who will now be showing up an hour early
\"Finger your bitch\" -my mom
SOFRITAS HERE I COME
\"if someone wanted to put nutella on my butt i feel like that would be a waste of nutella\" - ladies and gentlemen,
As much as I love alternate history I am rarely pleased with actors w\/CG or prosthetics and the serious impersonations of us presidents
No one cares unless you pretty or dead
1-1 Lets go
I get vertigo looking down the wall.
Yes!!!! Sensational Strike by Jermaine Jones!!! Let's go 1 - 1
hahahaha my mom keeps air drumming to the guitar in sweet home alabama
I just hope I'm able to walk around for tomorrow
The have agreed to trade two second round picks to the for the coaching rights to Jason Kidd.
\"Smallest school in the SEC by over 10,000 &amp; [Tim Corbin] has built a program that most others are envious of.\" Incredible feat
If what we had was real, how could you be fine?
It's Sloww for the chemistry regents tmm
I could make a living by fucking bitches all the time and going house to house and bitches always feeding me and I just have to fuckem its g
Got me a new word.
Took a while to realize: guy who asked \"You mind if I use the bathroom\" was asking me to save his spot, not for literal permission
I'm done with Beto
Bet awards ain't even start and they clownin lmao
I still want a duck. But they still poop like crazy so guess I won't be getting a duck
Really hope Calum sees + likes it
LIKE I WAS 3 FT ANGRY MAMA BEAR WITH A CUB
It's never what you do but how it's done
Idccccc FB has the funniest videos like wtf!!
\": Fuck chasing im quick too replace ya\"
Let it go, let it gooooo
Am I the only one that is staring at the referees comb over on his bald head
Haven't heard one bandwagon fan say a word yet
I played Terror at work today and I felt so ~ hardcore ~
Wow spurs don't give a shit! Watched bosh for 10min think about takin a 3
Have an iPhone and I barely use FaceTime or use my phone.... Why
my head's under water but i'm breathing fine. you're crazy and i'm out of my mind
I think the King has given up....
what a fucking snipe
At the end of the day I don't end up loosing anything you do
Hopefully LA with takes my mind off these basic ass people
Been such a good summer so far
Another injury are u serious!!!!
Please someone stop me before I go in on this pistachio gelato
The Documentary is a classic man what happened to Game
These motherfckers had me like who the fuck is Shad Moss
OH HEY JOE, WHATS UP
Oh god no... Aron johannson you better step up
I'm sunburnt and kinda drunk. Today was good
Lebron literally playing 1 vs 12 tonight
Whole Squad On That Real Shit
quite frankly, another persons finances are none of your business. worry about your bank account not mine
\"My name is Gabrielle &amp; I have no bae\"
Nba and nhl playoffs over. Now I can get back to the
My hope for the future is the complete disappearance of the \"mosh-pit\"
Ahaha dry hatin is not the way to go. I feel bad fa ppl who be dry hatin. Prolly livin a miserable life
I love people who are generally nice
You know where the best 4th of July fireworks show is? My Aunt's neighbors! Haha. Seriously tho, it's pretty spectacular!
wait what got leaked anskdlxlx i took a 30 minute break and something new is happening
I never actually say hi to people. I just give them a head nod.
AYANNA won't let me go out Pero ta bien
I hate when people repeat themselves like ALRIGHTTTT
Everyone hates on beasely but he's a sleeper just gotta wake him up
Just sent my mom a picture of my tips from the past two nights and told her it was for strippers and drugs.
Or your children will learn to read on *gasp* a kindle :\/
Trash that doesn't even know it's trash deserves to fall into the abyss.
Tammela Mann is the new yonlanda Adams
Just told someone I was private equity.
These lil kids gone fuk up everything
Which means food, alcohol, party, dancing. Wishing my grandparents were going. They're the king&amp;queen of Beer Pong.
no team snapchat I will not view your Fourth of July snapchat
Finding someone who loves pizza just as much as you love it &amp; love them just as much &amp; they love you back just as much &amp; motivates you &gt;&gt;&gt;
I leave in exactly 14 days to go back to Florida, I'm determined to teach my dog how to play dead by then
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus
Yes! and my fav song dechorro on
You know what's better than staying home and watching Netflix all night long? .....friends
Yep, im going hell! Who's coming?
- why the fuc did he preform
it sucks to be disappointed by people you had the most faith in
Shout out to the bar tender for letting me chill and not drink
Came home to Joy Division; existential crisis imminent...
Love having good ole mo on your side.
RUEDA, no le dijieron eso. Xq me tio un defensa como si hubieramos estado ganando. Tecnico mediocre 2\/2
\"Question. How many times do you have to do coke before you get skinny\"
Not even watching the awards but Ik wry thang that's going on. Thanks twitter.
3:07am why in the hell im getting goosebumps
heeeeere we go..... let the fun begin.....
Solid rephrasing of \"baby crazy\" MT : please add \"Professional Baby Photo Admirer\" to your Twitter bio and LinkedIn page.
Everybody else saw that guy dressed as Teddy Roosevelt, right?
Nope dating is just terrible. I refuse.
T.I. I don't know why I find him sexy no shame
It's so dope having my bestfriend living across the hall
Chris Rock, how did Rick Ross hurt you?
Self-driving cars will work. 90% of car crashes today are caused by human error.
I hate waking up too early because then there's to much time for activities
This Greece v Costa Rica game is insaneeee!
The one and only time I'll ever say this in the history of ever buuuut
I just saw a commercial for the \"mayday button\" for kindle...yeah, THAT'S not gonna get misused.
This is Malcolm and Martin minus the marching, Larry Davis shooting his way out of housing apartments..
Two days in a row with the same stomach ache at the same time
I wonder how many fucked up situations I'm going to be in as my life goes on
The internet and tv aren't working at my house
I officially hate my life right now.
It feels like something's heatin up, \nCan I leave with you?
and I want a henna and hair wrap
Chris rock is a damn fool
Passed a drug test who's tryna blaze today
Soo I guess it's already been a month? Peace out NYC. MICHI BOUND!
Well I'm not getting out of bed till I have work.
GIVING US A COMMERCIAL TO LET US HANDLE OUR SELF FOR A BRIEF SECOND I
Fernando and I fighting for Rudy and he doesn't give 2 fucks about us haha he over there simpin for anotha bitch ah chido su pedo
FUCK BRUH GET ME OUT MY FEELINGS.\nSLAP ME OR SUM.
So proud of all of the seniors who graduated tonight. You guys will all be successful in college and I can't wait to hear what you guys do!
Not over yet.
There's a fine line between love and dependency ..
i think this is the like the worst finalss
But where is everyone when I need them
I need a weave
I'm always turning shit up at the club, people stay having a good time with me
Sheeeesh, that looks bad :\/
Going to regret taking all these APs next year more than I regret going to that parade today
Nothing I hate more when you favorite for a tbh &amp; I do yours and you say nothing back...
I send Megan the ugliest snapchats omg
\"for frenchy\" \n&gt;throws A1 sauce bottle at floor \n
Just ran\/walked a mile and did T-25.... Would I kill it if I had a beer?
I dont think I'll ever go to jail...
I want someone I can talk to all day and it not get boring.
OMG Anthony Ramos just followed me our awesomeness might come together someday I am so Happy right now :)
I'd kill to go back to project grad, best night of my life
Should've stayed in Fresno.
it's amazing how much my mom talks like I wanna tell her to be quiet 90% of the time
that picture makes me laugh sm idky
So im not gon go to the city imma go kick it w\/ my cousin since she gon be alone while her fam at six flags
4 more hours to go :-)
bueno pero prefiero hacer un trabajo que un examen tbh
Yung buck just got his ankles broken
I'm excited to leave the house so I can do my eyebrows lol
clearly i know now you dont like me .
\": If you worked for that booty. Show the booty off.\" Don't be selfish now
I totally wish I was Ferris but I'm a Cameron at heart.
I'm so emotional when I'm drunk . Smh
Literally crying I never thought seeing a fat boy try to ride a bike would be do funny!
My mom will kill me if I don't become a valedictorian at Fordham. Do they even have it?
My forehead killlllssss
\": Consumers spend more on apps (~$20bn run rate) than on recorded music ($17bn)\" Time to sell music in apps!
some people just suck and will never unsuck
Sometimes I wonder if being laid back is a bad thing
\": Looking at old pictures seeing what has changed it's sad tbh\"
My xeni friend doesn't underhand why Greek girls can't date mavri...
LUNCHBOXSQUAD HAS BEEN ON OOVOO FOR 4 HOURS
When it feel like you lost everything... you gotta hold onnn
I still taste salt water on my lips from your kiss
Help me figure out what I need you for.
Thank u Vickie! Viva la raza!
I'm so happy
Sabi ko mag re review ako para sa driving, alak na naman ang inuna ko. haha
This 80-year-old coffee pot still makes an amazing cup of espresso! Also makes best cuban coffee!
I'm turntttttttt too fuckingggg earlyyyyy
I may be cute but I'm a bad ass texter
Sometimes you're sick, sometimes you're not.
Brazy said check n see if his car in the brooklol
Will you be my girlfriend?.....I want to meet someone that I can ask of this.
I'm trying to stay up to watch Hit the Floor and text him... But my eyes are just droooooopping
They be running these boys into the ground.
My niece is so teeny tiny 2 going on 3 I just can't help but love her soo much!
Someone bring me a bec and starbucks to my bed
I keep getting screenshots bout this 1 bitch..
Congrats ! Can't wait to see you guys perform live!
you could so tell Lydia is just of Malia haha :(
I'm so content with being alone . No one telling me what I can or can't do, what I can or can not wear.
two of the best compliments you can receive:\n-your eyebrows look fab\n-you look tan
Can I please have a light skin Mexican that can speak Spanish with dreads that listens to reggae, goes to school,work &amp; values respect
Victory! Now I gotta get myself to Omaha!!!!!!!!
Ya nadie me pregunta nada en el ask que gey
To punish me for my contempt of authority, Fate has made me an authority myself.
Lebron's last game as a Miami Heat
If I were to sing like I do when I'm alone in my car on front of ppl I would have no friends.
I want a burger.
Jamming out to right now. So glad and I discovered them at the fair!
I'm bout to start selling water.
I BELIEVE THAT ....I will not give one fuck about soccer!
Great night at haiku in white plains with the fam
EVERY TIME YOU MOVE TO THE BEAT IT GETS HARDER FOR ME AND YOU KNOW IT KNOW KNOW IT
It's not about how you get it. It's bout what you did with it
1 2 69 we have a lot of good memories, the only person that ive ever had real feelings for, cant wait until everything is back on track
Quiero ser algo mas que una Simple Amiga
Just give me chocolate and I'll be happy.
When someone tries to make awkward conversation with you and ask what your plans are for the summer just
i like working at bloomingdales.
Looks like a broken nose smh
The fact that a grown man wore a \"Horny University\" shirt and then showed me that it's his last name just explains my day at work.
Need to stop sharing food with Maybee bc he's a brat
Down 4 in bottom seventh 1 put I hit a double 3 kids get hit in a row and we lose 7-6
I have laughed so much today it's fantastic
Idek why I say things all the time
I always forget that I can't eat that much food without having extreme stomach pains and feeling like I am going to vomit
Facebook: college friends\nTwitter: high school friends\nInstagram: combination
Sitting here laughing my ass off at these two girls drunk crying over boys.
Yeahhh yoooooooooo that's right !!
I meant.to say i wish Rachel had a goodlookin friend i can slide on but they all ugly or fat
documentary on - man the 80s were tough times in NYC. Even as a young kid I remember hearing about it and the fallout.
\": need a good movie to watch\"the town
CAN YOU STOP BEING THIRSTY &amp; LEAVE HAPPY PEOPLE ALONE!! STOP TRYING TO SCREW EVERYONE ELSES RELATIONSHIP UP!! GO AWAY!!
Just ate a pound of froyo in 3 minutes so I'll just be here in the corner dying thanks
If you aint hitting up that club later tn idk whats wrong with you, its free.
THERE IS A CHUNK MISSING FROM MY RIGHT EYEBROW OH MY GOD
Shoshana \"hit me up on black people meet\" Bean
Imagine someone actually took the time to read your 37 paragraph instagram caption lmaoo
Woke up early again to watch babe on Univision.
Gekas is balding and has a mullet so yeah
A queen is never late everyone else is simply early
I miss sam I gotta sleep over again soon. This bitch is annoying but being there made me forget bout everythin cause i was too busy laughing
She likes it from the back.
s\/o to Jonny Abate
I have no idea what I did to my back but it hurts a lot.
Baby come through me... you deserve a round, round round round.
Cameron sounds like a delusional ass baby mama
IM CRYING FORREALS ALL THE TEARS RIGHT NOW DOE OMG
He doesn't even know what BET is
I always feel like it push my home button so hard. I feel like I'm going to break it.
\": Niggas want pussy and can't for a chicks cab. LMFAO.\" Nope they sure cant
pooped in my girlfriends house for the first time yesterday..
no I'm not a control freak u just have the initiative of a pebble
I'm like 2 childish hair styles away from putting barrettes in my shit
Fuck a Ghana yo
No seriously..... Where did the Kermit memes come from?
!!! PARA LOS CON VAMOS SUERTE !
I should just go camping. There's a lot less cleaning to that option
I can't sleep. Somebody is going to steal my idea in my sleep
I can't wait till you come here today I'm going to get everyone to throw fireworks at you lol fuck you
THIS IS LIKE ALL THE CONCERTS I NEVER GOT TO GO TO
We can't go out like this. Put in work Heat
Of course I have a pot of gold laying around my home, Keith Hernandez..adorable @
If we match on tinder and you don't know how to ice skate, I don't know why we matched, bye.
Honestly as long as you're happy who the hell cares
Pimples are so annoying, like why do you exist
How much do companies pay for ads on airplanes?
Fuck I was so excited for that trip
What I would do just to see you one more time.
Should I feel hurt? I just feel resentment. Being all that I can be, but it's only regression
Look I thought it was a Spanish thing alright
The woman who snorts heroin by accident in pulp fiction is such a babe
I got dressed and everything lol
NOW YOU GOT NO RENT. YOU BLOW THAT MONEY MONEY.
School in the a.m &amp; im wide awake :(
I still got Joel Embiid going in the top 5 .. I think Philly might grab em
Filthy goal by Jones!
.. has been ruled illegal by the highest court in the land &amp; His Hon. Justice Ted Turner. How much is that Justice in the window?
So tired all the time. the other night, I got 12 hours and 45 minutes of sleep. And was still tired. Ugh
For someone as amazing as Andi, the bachelorette people did SUCH A SHITTY JOB picking these men. Are they kidding !!??
kicking off my epic week of shows with some at
Lmao I'm procrastinating so bad right now......
Happy birthday to my cuz . My little cuzin isn't so little anymore.
\": you wit austin?\" Yea I'm picking him up
Last firmware update for Coupe was on January 2013! Sometimes Bluetooth connection works not well. ?
Got me three kinds of fucked up
Someone just graduated on stage. How beautiful
Graduations hittin me a little bit
My mom is the only person I know that can go out for a massage but then bitch and yell at everyone right when she gets home.
Bitches that try to look hot and flip their hair around and swing their hips.
I question how you're doing, but then I realize why should I? I'm not the one that screwed up.
No \"Is it raining in NY?
If you can't be with the one you love then be with the ones that will be there for you.
I think it's time to say goodbye to my Mac. Didn't even last a full 2 years
Anyone wanna go kayaking with me tomorrow
Finals MVP Green or Leonard
Dempsey back on, only a bloody nose
