If anyone is wondering, I'm an asshole.
But hoes gon' be hoes so I couldn't blame Tammy!
Or is are 3day weekend next weekend?
\"I visualized that goal going in\"
whoever leaves their iphone charger in lumber is the best
How I feel about things vs How I feel about things
idk why people think it's okay to joke about suicide and self harm. It's a sensitive topic for many people
They shouldn't even make it this far
Lowkey have to give it up for Howard.
I jumped out of a plane today. What did you guys do
My greatest happiness is being with you.
I have no room in my life for \"friends\" who talk shit about me to my best friend. Like are you dumb
Moving in to a new place tomorrow and getting ready to sleep on hardwood floors oh yes.
might e not 8 but its a ballgame. sorry to those who stopped watching and missed it
\": If you can't do great big things, do great little things.\"
putting all else aside &amp; try to remain mutual &amp; get along with no personal strings intact is what's best...
Just retweeted a kermit pic bc it was legit funny. Them other joints be dumb af.
Fuck multiplayer on BlackOpsI man, I'm only playing zombies for that game.
I miss everyone on the east coast so much. See you in two months!
i forgot to tell y'all how i cried my way out of a ticket today.
\"finish the job\" is an interesting thing for a starting pitcher to say to a reliever when he hands the ball over to him w\/ 2 men on base
really wanted to attend vidcon :(
happy birthday america, now lets get drunk
When u r pretty sure cute girl has bf &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Why I'm I such a dick?
There's 10 people at my house let's relax now
Partyy hopping at it's finest with Ro and noble
Damn! Altidore goes down!
I think brazil can honestly lose today. They havent impressed me, but we gotta see. Teams change by the game
So you can be a softer, smoother, more beautiful little armpit...... What the hell has this world come to?
Wow. Bachelors in a sauna together. A very homoerotic moment.
We make up a perfect equation.
I missed her by like 45 fucking minutes or something. I am so fucking upset
Seriously though, if i can't see the band boys they can at least remember me for my sass.
It's not the worst thing I've wished on you
\"If a doesn't like you, they can feel like they want to slap sh*t out you when around you, but will still manage to act calm.\"
Dare I say Juice Shack is better than Jamba Juice. *closes eyes and waits for backlash*
But why she ain't thank Her mama Madea???
my bad habit is picking up other peoples bad habits
The City is endorsing the protection and growth of small businesses. Apparently small property owners are excluded out of that equation!
Portugal is just diving out here
Wish I had a god damn car so I could hangout with my friends and not have to sit home all day everyday.
I wanna watch but my MacBook charger is too far and my iPad won't connect to my wifi
So I heard Deorro is retiring and his edc set was his last but he is on the tomorrowworld line up..... soooooo.....
My life is full of people opening my snaps and not replying
how the fuck is green day on 50 cent pandora
Aquele momento que vc descobre que eh um troxa, enquanto todo mundo ta na on the run, todo mundo que ainda vai e vc ai apenas twittando...
Exactly why I don't tell you anything.
Don't focus on bringing people down, you should always start your day aiming to compliment at least one person
I believe that life is a prize but to live doesn't mean you're alive
\": NP- SHABBA RANKS \"BEST BABY FATHER\" \"
can't wait to have my own home where I can just walk around naked
It's okay not to be okay.
This nigga James better put in work
I can't wait to see my bestfriend
It is another one of those SF Pride celebrations I won't get to celebrate and be proud of. I am out but unloved. :(
I haven't talked to so many people in awhile
I love life
Untrained boys don't step in the ring with Mike Tyson.
Crying because I wanna be in a Disney movie
fingers in the sky banging my gang .
I would love to know why french manis don't dry I've been to the salon 3 times this week to fix this one nail and every time it gets ruined
Vickie Guerrerro is fired!!! Holy crap!!!
I can't remember to forget you 8*
put your hand on my hip cause you know that I'll lose it
Worst thing in this world is seeing an old man cry
I'm taking Dolph Ziggler to win the contract ladder match.
Come to the Canyon Hills pool with me and mason and all the other minorities
To lady why are you on the phone in the bathroom?
Nice curveeeee hell motherfuckin yeahhhh let's gooo! Now turn this game around
Welcome to the world, team !!!
How does a dude have like 5 or 6 bm's? I mean I got 3 kids but they have the same father... But my ninja 6 BM's???
I dont know how people make acoustic videos, its the hardest thing ever. I do better singing live in front of a person than a camera
OMG nothing pisses me off more!
LRT I am cryingggg
If ur a fan of and u live in Sacramento . Please tell or any radio station to play his first single
I used to call Madonna mama ... Because I've never had a father.........
I love the smell of sea salt spray!
I fucking have butterflies knowing that I might meet austin and kiss him finally this trip I have butterflies and DMSNSNSN ughhhh
I want to take a nap
the gladiator days were the shit.
The Older You Get The Quicker You Spot Bullshit..
Sometimes I jus don't wanna talk. I jus wanna lay next to u..n fall asleep.
I can understand why people with iPhones don't text back
Musa Played Just As Well As Messi...2 for 2 Good Job
It's not even 11am and I'm planning on my after work booze.
I was supporting Neverland but Mexico got robbed..
I love the American goalie! He's sick!
Son, Pharell really got a hoodie &amp; Uggs on right now lmaooo
Moms came thru lol high asf
Grill malfunctions at Chipotle? Can't serve food?! Excuse me while I go cry into the burrito I don't have!
Why is it cold!? It's summer!
My x my daughters mom finally let the kid see his big girl .love you anngelise
Bra this nigga robin thicke got a video new video begging for Paula too come back he really pussy whipped lmao
\": I should be banned from wearing bikinis\" me too
\"I only put out good vibrations I don't even see the lows, tunnel vision to the paper I don't really need you hoes. But if I like her energy
Today's a great day.
Happy 4th of july ! \nfollow me on instagram @ spellbyndaz
We all still playin tomorrow?
fans defined. People who nvr watch a single game all season but find the need 2 pack a bar &amp; scream 4 teams they kno nothing about
U.S plays so simple and I love it
I'm not gonna lie...when I see USMNT, I think of TMNT first, rather than soccer. But, I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing...
I'll snatch bitch esophagus out if they fuck with me and I'll catch them slipping
None u mufuckas gotta inhaler? It's bad
I need to start selling my hoop shoes. I have to many.
it's real easy for me to move on
there we go usa
ASHTON IRWIN IS ONE OF THE CUTEST PEOPLE TO EVER EXIST SO IS CALUM. AND MICHAEL. AND LUKE.
People come into our lives for a reason.
The chances \nof you and I\ngetting out\nof this party\nwith our virtue intact\nis a virtually remote fact\nThe fragility of morality\n
I really don't know why I just bro'ed
this blue berry Greek yogurt pop..is poppin
What a start as I tweet that
Would love to be a cameraman at the World Cup.
'And I lost my faith, in my darkest days,
MONEY ISN'T EVERYTHING IF YOU CAN GET IT AND NOTHING IF YOU ALREADY HAVE IT AND PLENTY IF YOU DON'T NEED IT~(THAT'S NO BRAG...JUST FACTS)
Oh wait, it's a Monday morning, that's right.
I had a fantastic time at Stunt with my best friend.
My brother and I was riding yesterday and I saw some work nigga told me to keep my eyes forward .. Am I twelve or nah ?
Maradona es mas grande que Peleeeeeeeeeeee
PEANUT BUTTER AND ICE CREAM? TOGETHER???
The fault in our stars, 22 jump street &amp; Transformers .
how id love to keep you here with me baby
Lmaoooo I'm not even gonna front I met my first love on a social network but nigga said vine lmaooooooo
&amp; why did a fish market just tweet at me..
When life gives you lemons... squeeze it into your water! It's a natural fat burner.
Gotta wake up for this USA game tomorrow no exceptions. I'm gunna slap myself until I'm awake
n o t h i n g to watch on netflix. anyone wanna ft?
And the fat keeps rolling back to me... Lol see what i did there?
Whenever I see someone in a cartoon show watching cartoons I wonder if they're seeing it as live action
You never fucked w a thug?
If I dont have a meeting with my guidance counselor tomorrow I will end the year walking through the halls crying lollllll
Nick cannon why u look like an old piece of no
wow. this is the end. we really lost it
I'm not doing anything, I have no friends lol I guess I'll study for this final
You'll be hoping you were shooting with me in the gym
I spent like 5 hours at the beach today why am I not black
Probably one person that's happiest that's not even a spurs fan
the day I stopped using tagsforlikes was the day I became a woman
Boscia's gonna get hit when i see him
I wanna go to canal side tomorrow
But for now it's only Eye on some Cyclopes ish.
So we go from a hate match, to a test to a jizz convo, to a serious matter like google plus? What
Alright dude you got hit in the nose just get up no need to stop the game for 10 minutes
I'm dead ass bout to go swimming in the bath tub this is odee.
I'm in dire need of some really good pictures taken of me and god forbid I post it on Facebook because my mom will offer to take some. Lol.
So much music I have yet to catch up on
One minute I'm a little freshman and now I'm gonna be starting my senior year soon
TRUE BLOOD TONIGHT
Wolfe of Wallstreet with my lova
So disrespectful,but so lovable.idk how that makes sense but thats how i feel about you
Back to Sleep I go haha
Can we get the camera on and please?
42' ITS WAVED OFF! Brooklyn put the ball in the back of the Red Bull net but the ref waives it off for obstruction
Oh Chile u have 16 followers lmao no wonder you're in my mentions your timeline is lonely as fuck
She's the type of person that you don't want around because she's just going to ruin everyone else's mood
people are so fucking annoying to me all of a sudden.
One tree can start a forest. What can you do?
OH \"I am crazy go nuts bananas.\" cc
Your 2nd place
Working out like crazy until I see my collarbones again
there's just a point when you have to ask yourself \"was it all worth it\"
Driving down 2nd ave as USA scores, you can hear the chants from every bar we pass.
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN (????????)
Tom O'Neill Tuesday ruined by none other than...Tom O'Neill.
This bitch is yelling at me. Don't yell at me ill cut your bitch ass
I started to really like someone. Lol, it's stupid, like why lol
If u think u can scare ur wrong! He's not anything like u snakes! He will iA bring 2
Fun fact: I was born in my living room
Awesome my family left me at the hotel so now I'm randomly driving through NY in a cab with no cell phone. This is gunna turn out great.
She is like houdini, but a brat about it.
Niggas say they real, but they be actin funny...i don't trust these niggas i don't trust these bitches
Maybe I should be a man whore
Okay maybe I'm exaggerating a bit, but I did get sun burnt.
\"Planes are cute\" - Jetlagged Caley
I'm officially going to sleep and signing off bro omg
Navarro will be found out. Jack will be the head of CTU again. And when the FULL season begins, they'll deal with the Russians and Mark
Say it ain't sooOoOOoOoo
Allies mom \" I know how teenage parties goes its nothing but sex and ruffies\"
Gyan so hyped up man
I sucked all the cream out of my creamsicle and then it fell apart... idk I didn't know that's what happens
We of the eternal\nnocturnal crew\nGhosts abandoned by sun light Forever chasing rainbows at night To reclaim the beauty\nwe once knew
Happy Birthday to the United States of America
Im Just Imagining How Next Year I'll Be A Senior &amp; Going Off To The Service
Some girls be having the nigga out here lookin stupid.
Plot twist I'm a Teen Wolf
I'm don't and fucking tired of everyone's shit
my summer has been complete shit so that's fun hahaha
I'm suppose to meet the mayor tmrw . Maybe I should have been sleep smh .
We can take it slow,or act like you're my boy Let's skip the basics ;) (8)
Spraying myself with bug spray before bed I'm not playing any games tonight
Am I the only one that thinks Chicharito isn't all that attractive?
The overwhelming feeling of emptiness I get when I'm just about to fall asleep is unreal
GOAL BY DEMPSEY!!
gotta money fetish ima fly to venice gotta big house i could play some tennis
Right up the middle !
Where do we go from here
I thought it was 2....
\": There comes a point &amp; time when you just got let shit go &amp; ignore it\"
How publicly sexual can I be towards on here before it's inappropriate?
86% Girls are fucking lunatics lmao
I feel you so hard Serena, fuck Vanessa. Shit.
I swear people be acting like they don't know
Birthday dark horses this is how we do. Calling it. Its gonna happen.
I want Cameroon to win so Mexico has a better chance of moving forward
if you haven't prank called 867-5309 at least once in your lifetime you have seriously failed humanity &amp; also have shit music taste
Helping my baby brother with his hw made me realize I could never be a teacher lmfao
Why is time going soo slowly
My tire popped and I'm bummed.
Camper: Today I felt like a balloon floating to the sky with no strings attached to it.
well cena they do control you lmfao hahahahaha at triple h \" chill homie \"
Oh, I need a good coffee..!\nBlue bottle coffee or Stump coffee or..?
\": gotta keep some in the bank tho !\" U got racks like a grocery store doee
Lmao that was funny. I was like oh shit
NO DEMPSEY WHY PLS BE OK
if drake isnt playing on my phone it's bachata
i miss fires, hanging out, and falling asleep at sunrise.
Oh so you don't snore? *Hits the record button*
De La Soul \"Breakadawn\" so damn dope...that MJ sample is phat
My Pride Group is getting hella creative on what we're going to wear.
Im done with you.
I mean she okay, but she ain't all that
Goodbyes suck but people come &amp; go. Excited for future hellos
I see has decided that corporate \"rights\" trump again.
un zapato de justin te quita el virgo wn
Also, people here must not believe in \"leg days\" which is a shame.
to com vontade de comer um brigadeiro
That shit irritates the fuck out of me. Fuck with my friends and you'll feel the wrath
DEMPSEY JUST GOT FUCKING NAILED
98 on the comp final? dope
Just kinda lost in the world
\": i love helena racist ass lol\" damn thank you
Great game spurs. Funny thing is that the bigger story will be them losing than the spurs winning
GGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL! Clint Dempsey kicks in the goal for lead! 2-1
I despise ppl who wear bow-ties
El envidioso inventa el rumor\nEl chismoso lo difunde\nY el idiota se lo cree
10 to 5 and i have to be up at 7
Damn, is a cutie! Haha love my !
I like the song 'Landslide'. Both popular versions actually but turn them off on the radio because come on time and place for that song
Happy July 4th! Join us for FICA games. Door opens at 8:30am.
A Harley ride was the perfect activity for today
Every little thing about highschool is unfair.
You can root for whoever you want, but when it comes down to it there's only one country that matters
Lost in my head, I'm goin here, I'm goin away for a while
\"I think he's so miserable cause his wife is either fat ugly or cheating on him\"
Was able to gather some autographs before &amp; after the SWB game today.... So that was pretty cool
My clean car makes me feel some type of way
Today when I opened my eyes there was a beautiful smell in the air and a brighter light shining through my window. Victory will be ours
Does anyone ever like someones instagram picture on accident only to unlike it hahaha.
People complaining about the feed on the ? Mine is perfect on Playstation 3.
\"I was so busy \"looking\" for love that I almost missed it.\" - Words of Wisdom.
Watching and saw a walk in closet that's definitely larger than my bedroom.
The struggle to find someone to cover me Sunday so I can watch the game
Christian is here tryna get me to make cookies. Bishhh do u know what time it is?
: Bomb squad investigates suspicious device on Beaumont in the Richmond Dist. in SF. Nearby residents have been evacuated.
Yall need to stop complaining bout gas. I have a V8.
Some amazing GOSPEL Nominees tho congrats to Tamela Mann!!!!!
This nigga jean look like a potato in the second vine
Thought \"wow I should probably use the restroom before the museum closes\" AND THEN ONE APPEARED
Seriously. The \"couple sharing the same Facebook account\" thing is really annoying.
Greece... Sigh... Clearly I'm bad luck for whatever team im rooting for. :(
pensei que ele iamandar foto de putaria mais eh um video muito fofo
When your room is so dirty that you close the door when you leave so that mom doesnt see&gt;&gt;
My Mom the 1st time I wanted a shirt from the \"boys department\" at the store: \"Get it. That color really brings out your eyes!\"
I'm going. About to graduate.
Sext: you're gay and addicted to drugs: marry me
Gooooal in 30seconds!! Hahaaaa
Could have possibly just worked at Friendlys for the last time! It's been a hell of a 6 years but thank you!
MESSI IS TE BEST PLAYER HANDS DOWN
90 degrees and a broken AC in my car is too much for me to handle right now
plans canceled now im stuck with nothing to do -_-
Can someone explain to me what parts if the cow are kosher? Can they just not eat the back? Do Jews not eat ass for religious reasons?
Imma work at Starbucks so they can pay my way through grad school
Backpacks are really good watermelon holders
Okay I lied I'll tweet 4 more times and then I'm off for the nest couple hours
The fastest I have ever seen any team score
SPOTTED POLICE CHASE OUTSIDE MY WINDOW OKAY ITS LIVE
Like don't you want to be represented better then with sleazy player?
So proud of myself. Won the FIFA tournament today
TDA's swing looks much better, this is a good thing.
it's pathetic that this mom is calling a random 14 year old a bitch. this KAM concert is insane and not worth it
Lmao tonighttttt was the definition of uncomfortable
As soon as things seem clear the lines start to blur, so hold on to what it is not what you were.
If we only talk on social media &amp; don't text we aren't close &amp; it stays that way
Prende la hookah
I wish I could do better by you cause that's what you deserve.
HOLY SHIT GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLL
\"remember when we saw the fault in our corn stocks?? wait that's not right\"
Thinking about moving to Canada no lie!
Crazy how many people I don't fucks with back home
going darker before I lose my mind and go back blonde
I'm so tired of the usual
But she lost yesterday RT : Serena win every year.
A part of my was operating under the assumption I had some hidden softball talents...well I don't.
about to go to bed at 10:00 at night bc I honestly just can't deal with anything tonight
Some drunks literally just talked hella shit to me for \"hogging\" the stall to change for work at my place of employment
I feel like the power goes off in Wade's way too often, yet would you expect anything else?
My eating habits in the last 4 days have been horrible.....
&amp; Ima love him til he be like \"that's enough\"
Like why text me if you're just gonna leave in the middle of the conversation
\": bro absoul just drop his shit !!!!!\" Bruh I know omg !! I've had it for like 4 hours now
Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! Let's goooo!!!!
summer reminds me of how many friends I don't have
When I need a good laugh I just scroll through twitter feed.
YESSSS BYE PORTUGAL !!!
I am up so early I could technically dial into our networking meeting!! Need sleep!!
my feet are so fucking big lol, size 13 chillin bruh hahahahaha
My boy mr. Brown tho &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
When a girl falls in love w you she gonna stalk thru every females profile you mention just to see if she look good enough to be a threat
Looking at all these old conversations in my phone and dying like o m g
Life is nothin easy , but that's no reason to give up
the real question is who baught them the vuvuzelas?????
Come scoop ya boy up in queens we'll have a good time
Dwayne Wade's true colors have finally shown. with his effort.
I have a penthouse in the city and I'm socialite... In the Sims.
seriously considered buying like 6 bottles of Baja blast at this walgreens
dude I desperately need to visit some of my Iup friends. everyone lives so far wtf
I've lost respect for women. I'll still hold doors and shit like that but as far as I'm concerned they don't deserve my respect anymore.
Tuckahoe niggas play ball different
I wish I didn't care so much.
All I want to do is just chill and have a nice dinner with my family .
CR showed a lot of guts. Most every kick was sent hi where goalie had no chance, but easy to sail it over.
Like how tf do you get \"famous\" and have \"fans\" for lip synching??? IDGI!
Congratulations to Costa Rica on their win against Greece! Yes!
I'm not gonna come over for just a nap. I'm coming over so you can cook me some real food. That's friendship lmao
\"Every kid deserves a bed!\"
Knowing you are saying goodbye for the last time was the best but saddest birthday present
En serio he buscado el TT y me ha dado asco , pena , rabia e impotencia de que alguien pueda pensar asi
Only my sister would ask me to run around New Jersey to look for a frikin soda not sold in ct, a frikin soda!
Somebody ever annoy you, and just press your buttons so much over n over that u just wanna sock the life outta them.
Hopefully not live \": The first voice I want my child to hear as he's being born is Mariahs.\"
Not gonna lie the only place i feel truly happy at is at work
Fuck you, like I actually hate you.
Got bored and made my cap rlly ugly and i regret it now oh well
go home. Thanks to the players who participated in the -Catalans especially- you didn't win cause you weren't united.
Yah mans gone and you dont miss him.
Everybody remembers it how they need to - Jersey Boys
I love and hate it when I pull my car too hard in 2nd or 3rd my ipod disconnects.
I really don't care what you and your friends are doing. You don't need over a 100 second snapchat story.
I know the BET Awards are bout to be lame, but you know I'm bout to watch em.
this bra is getting uncomfortably right, maybe my boobs are gro... nah nvm i doubt it lmao
It always takes me so long to actually fall asleep
ANDI WHAT ARE YOU WEARING RIGHT NOW YOU NEED HELP.
but beyonce and jay should of won thou FOH
Pq abracei a causa e o problema invadi a briga de cachorro grande , ja botei pra rolo meu esquemaaaa
Bitches be on here siding with niggahs about everything but be at home mad af some niggah played them like yesterday
I change like the street cause it got seasons
I CABT VRARTHE SHAWN READ MY COMMENT AND SAID ANBER I LOVE YOUSNWHVWVEG
\"Aly do you know what they do to people like you in prison\"
Why am I awake I have to be up early
i feel bad for my baby shes tryna love king &amp; hes not payin no mind to her lol
Fucking with him is like having another kid
this weather is like your face \nnobody likes it
Kayla doesn't talk to me when I'm at her house
Fuck all you bitches hoes and thots and all these fu fu lame niggas they aim trynnah hold a nigga down with some plans
I do not wanna go to work.
ONCE I CLEAN THE HOUSE, SHE COMES IN AND MAKES EVERYTHING MESSY LIKE ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!?
\"your mind is like a parachute, it only works if it's open.\"
\"My whole life is a booger bubble\"
My alarm was supposed to go off at 4am. It did. But I slept through it. Whoops.
can you answer your door
Just got home from work...so the beach in a few hours should be interesting...
It is super weird to see thunder and lightning once again
I MISS PLAYING MY RECORDS DAMNIT.
The fact that they play daughter and father in the Tyler Perry movies but they are actually husband and wife is mad weird ..
Mike devito is my bro yo lol
caught up on from last night - is an idiot... that's all I have to say
Im glad she was able to help me out, last minute too since my person bailed on me smh
I wonder where all the Christians go when them bad words gehn fling
Est. July 4, 1776. \"life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.\"
My dog pants in his sleep aka annoying bc I'm the lightest sleeper
i hope ya'll know i don't watch any of your snapstories (few exceptions) i just tap until they all go away :)
Looking forward to later.
I should give him some form of THC
1\/2 \"The ACA's contraceptive coverage requirement applies generally... it trains on women's well-being
And that's a broken nose
Am I seriously debating going to sleep at 6 on a Friday? Yes, yes I am
I loathe AKA Russell Brand and his ill informed political opinions so very much.
Girl, be yoself ain't nun wrong w being ratchet.
Jermaine Jones is a BEAST!!
Shutting the world off with this headache I have tonight
I JUST FINISHED WATCHING KILL LA KILL WHAT DO I DO WITH MY LIFE NOW
That was easily one of the best messages ive received in a long time.
I just wanna go home rn
Stress on the AS FUCK lmao
I don't need you to make me happy, I'm good on my own.
You know that I'm the reason people lock their doors. But I got nothin but time so imma wait on the porch.
Not even in a party mood osr .. Might just stay home .
What's a life with no fun? please don't be so ashamed.
Reached 15K On Instagram Not Bad Not Nad lol
Because of my fitted jeans and well groomed appearance I have to constantly flex to show I'm about it
NO WAY THAT USA GOAL
They're having fireworks at the Brooklyn bridge tonight &amp; I'm gonna miss it. What the fuck. My favorite place in New York.
Dempsey!! Captain fantastic!!!
I don't need this rn.
I want a new pet so I can name it shithead. But it's pronounced (sha-theed)
take a seven hour nap, wake up seven minutes later, this the greatest drug the seventies has ever fucking gave us
Leftover Chinese for breakfast is a must
zamn people still talking bout that
Made a lot of good friends baha.
God work kicked my ass today
Get fucking hyped for Teen Wolf you guys
\": A perfect relationship is two people never giving up on each other.\" !!!
Dimitrov and Djokovic are tied at 1 set apiece.
Fuck I just got a full on Mohawk. Damn barber lol
No lie, I'm about my money... But MONEY will never come between me and the ones I love. I MAKE money, money DONT make me.
But honestly nobody understands how excited I am to spend a week w\/ only
Glorifying sexual assault for retweets, is this how far we've fallen, Twitter?
Next interview monday okay i got this, hopefully i get the job!
still love Karnezis and the Greek team, it was anyone's game
There is no better time of the day just concede defeat and sleep than when you misspell your own name.
something about him , prolly can't live with him .
I'd literally tell them to fuck off. Like let him beeee
Twerk Miley Miley twerk twerk Miley Miley twerk
Being a gas attendant is not very fun .5hoursleft
As much as I said other wise your still my bestfriend
Contemplating whether if in fact I should love all my curves and all my edges, all my perfect imperfections? :^\/
how do you have the audacity I'm in shock tbh
I'm done emojis but I'm only doing them to ppl I fuck with.
it's ten minutes to 7 am fuck this
The shift hit the fan.
Lady gaga and MJ have been gaming us this whole time
I want my truck back like tomorrow!
I'm happy everybody being so REAL on social media
Nani is a pussy
I love that when I composed my last tweet my phone autocorrected Jigga to Higgs.
Angry pizza joint owners are pretty great.
Funny how you look like my mother, and have my sister's name....
My back starting to hurt this drive too long
I'm not afraid of commitment. I'm afraid of committing to someone who won't commit to me.
When you have a day so shitty you consider a career change
I'm legit gonna miss on RHONJ... But I'm excited for manzod with children.
This is futbol world best sport
If you have your full name as your twitter name I don't trust you
I wish Canandaigua had a Panera. Then I realize it's Canandaigua &amp; we can never have nice things. Except for Wegmans. Wegmans is wonderful
For some reason I'm extra happy right now
Well locking my keys in my car this morning was not what I envisioned-- thankful for AAA.
Attempting to swim slash surf for the first time. Wheres my donut ?
To my fellow Vets, and all who make this the Land of the Free, we Love Ya and Happy Independence Day!
I think I'm dying idk
Wanna get this job at Modells bad
To be a champion, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.
this is what happy feels like.
Hopefully this is my last weekend of me being a hermit.
I always get dumped near my birthday like if you don't want a get me a present lol
If you're still concerned about what your ex is doing, you're not over them!!
\": Tamela Mann crying like she just lost in the NBA finals lol\"LMFAO
I used hella energy in that and it feels hella pointless
Bum ass nigga bush
I must watch Virgin Territory lol
Im one of the most fucked up people you will ever meet.
All ive been doin is being loyal, faithful and honest. What more can i do to prove that.
Best insult ever: \"Your birth certificate is actually an apology letter from the abortion clinic.\"
We straight up juist ate a block of mozzerella
I WANNA GET BALLS DEEP\n\ninto a meaningful, loving, long-term relationship
I be like J Cole in that Power Trip video.
All my expectations for with summer have been ruined so I honestly don't even know what to expect of it to be like anymore.
I need a job asap rocky
Fully equipped cd changer wit the cell.
sneaking into Oscar's office \nFind that file!!
Have to go with over today. France doesn't have the strongest track record of defending against them
wish valerie solanas was still alive so she could shoot warhol again, fucking hack
College World Series is really making me wish PC had a baseball team.
Everyone deserves to know what it feels like to be in a growing \"romantic friendship\", and learn to enjoy someone as they are and then...
Gotta love waking up to Fran's radio alarm that's playing turn down for what
Logan Morrison and Robinson Cano are now tied in home runs. Let that one sink in for a little bit.
THAT ALWAYS HAPPENS IN FIFA
Just got drenched by 50+ gallons of water on a walk with and I couldn't be more ok with it
I put it all on twitter bc if you care you'll check my twitter and see it, and if you don't care, you won't see it
Titus O'Neil is money IMO. He should be in the MITB match for a title shot.
i want a boyfriend but i don't want a boyfriend.
I watch children's shows at night to relax my brain... Adult shows are way too heavy
Me: Kate, what do you want for breakfast? \nKate: Hot, new celeb.\n\n
Just think about me when you hear this song.
Y'all see what I'm saying? Scary ass bitches. We got one who has everyone fight for her. We got two dumb hoes then an ugly nigga and a adult
Thinking back to the days\n days it all made sense,\nWhen you could breathe \n As easy as you could\n see...
Loving 's tirade on tonight
Back in the US and the first thing I do is buy an extra large diet coke in dollars holla because we go big in this country
Hit off to little bobble over to for the out
Oh look I've been working for 12 hours
Well that was a good few days while it lasted
I like blowing smoke in my blanket so I can smell my weed while I sleep
Why does everyone post a pic of every clip they smoke smh
I respect that substitute by Bosnia
Maxxie is so adorable a w
those instant withdraws you get when bae leaves :(
\"We've brought an ALPHA\" ~ Stiles (Teen Wolf litt right now!)
10 bucks says Biden thinks the US are wearing white..
I want to go to a renegade so badly
Y MI MEJOR AMIGO ME OLVIDO POR COMPLETO :c
All my sneakers have clear bottoms and it's raining so I can't go out
Have to get my workout in tomorrow!! Haven't done it in a few days. I feel huge LOL
Lo que yo decia que en registro civil deben de estar hasta el conio de ella
Dawn basically said money over morals. Really? When did that become okay to say aloud. Terrible message, kiddos.
Why the green lip gloss?
August Alsina dat papi is winning
This may be the only day I ever root against Ronaldo
My last 15 mins of employment!!!!!!
So tired. Can't I sleep in your arms again
What doesn't kill you makes you smarter
Easy ass day at work
Im black as fuck rn
What the hell are you even talking about no one cares
Fell asleep throughout the x men movie
I'm pissed off right now. I need a brand freaking new white comforter now.
If she doesn't introduce you to her fine ass friends you don't need her in your life
BAE PLEASE BE 2\/12
One day will reply to my \"I love you\" tweets
Atleast I know where I went wrong, And I admit it, No one else can do that shit
MY NIGGA DID A SKELETON JUST MOVE BY ITSELF
Bouta wash my sneakers im soo bored
I'm done man.
Holy shit what a game
I can't help but pass judgement
Know what's glorious? Getting up to go to the gym and not having to check the temp or put on 572 layers. I LOVE SUMMER.
Idk how I got my diploma
Salad fingers-Spoon is the most wild shit I have ever seen.
Don't expect respect from someone if you don't even respect yourself.
It's like Antarctica in this room, such bullshit
After I broke my nose I went right back in... Get back in the game. We need you!
Just saw a straight couple holding hands but decked out in rainbow attire... I don't get it?
Ashanti is gorgeous and all but why her titty dem affi outta door?
One more episode of Korra left I can't handle this
Watching the . The whole premise seems a bit...daft.
I love Paige. That was a great match IMO. Only match that's left for me is the ladder match.
well apparently there's gonna be a hot new guy on teen wolf and I'm completely down for it
s\/o to nearly knocking myself unconscious on the toilet paper dispenser and nearly dying in a California bathroom
Take advantage of drunk text question opportunities. They are so important.
Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry ya anyway
I have no idea who I'm talking to rn lmao
I literally question everything
Can't wait for Monday so I can be surrounded by people who talk out of their mouths, not their asses.
I got pushed by this Spanish lady behind me in line at the Greyhound station because apparently I wasn't moving with the line quick enough
Feeling pretty coo of that 40 though ha
Well earned . Enjoy the history. What a gutsy effort with 10 men for 53 minutes.
Helluva game A's
Everything is just such a mess
Qe onda xq tomo mundo twitteando el nombre de Andy Mangiafico
it's 2014 why the fuck am i wearing makeup
Wanna laugh? I'm picking my classes for fall semester...now...while drinking sangria...
I Catch Spanish bitchs talking about me all the time thinking I don't understand , and that's when I turn around and respond in Spanish lol
I had to tweet to get an album wtf has it come to
Isaiah is gay sorry to burst your bubble girls
I cant fall asleep because im way too into my show.
Got a good girl that I won't sleep on
If you don't bleed it ain't love
So according to SC private corporations of Jehovah's Witnesses don't need to cover transfusions. Christian Scientists just cover prayer?!
tbh if I could plaster the lyrics to never lose your flames everywhere I would
I can't wait to get my hands on my iPhone 5s nigggaaaaaa.
Well I guess the good thing about divorce is I'll lose weight
Really thinking about everything and mark has some nerve to call me corny , that nigga is corny af
Logged in to Orkut for the first time in about 9 years to delete my account. Snapshot of my work friends in 2005
Wow, Gabi Wilson got no airtime there
A couple percocets and my bed sounds good tonight
Thinking about running around the high school for an hour.
But why can't I be one of those girls that Jacob tweets all the time sigh
He should be afraid to lose you. He shouldn't be pushing you away
It's so good that we have wifi at camp!
All I'm asking for is a 65 on this chemistry regent
like I never know what day of the week it is
give me some hints at least
Just had a guy in a wheelchair scream \"I'M GONNA BUST YOUR FUCKIN' ASS!!\" at me... Whoops.
Curtis Loving from U of Bridgeport, from West Virginia &amp; from Kansas State are all suiting up for Taylor Made
Finishing the emojis when I'm off work
Quickest goal in all of the tournament
Red card anyone!!!!!!
Just got home from being called in and have work again at 8 am .... Fuck me
I failed Chem, health, and economics.. Ill never be smart
Asians will take over the Bay Area by the year 2017 remember this tweet
How do u mess up a five on two lmao
Happy birthday pretty!!
Couldn't never really figure out how to love.
Got a 96% on a huge test covering 12 chapters, by listening to nothing but Lana Del Ray's Ultraviolence while studying.
Surreal moment this morning...Matt walking right towards me with a little motorized fan :)
Head in the clouds, got no weight on my shoulders
Kids are at vacation bible school. Just the husband and the baby here with me. This. feels. weird.
So... After EDC, my arms looks like I've been a beaten victim.
I always think cutting my hair shorter is a good idea but then after it's done and I look at old pics I'm like why did I do that..
Coffee but no almond milk. Tragedy.
Brycen and bernie are relaxing and watching frozen
So baby arch your back n point your toes
trying to drown out the noise of my roommies with
it's too late for all this now ..
L Ron Juggler, LLC is a subsidiary of JuggaloCorp
Pero tengo que admitir... jugo bien!
\"Its what we do\" ITS NOT WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DO US CRY
Do not text me. I will violate.
People that are exiting and funny or have cool snaps add me I need new snappers !!!! \nSnap chat : Jeezzy
Thought you'd be different, bout it so let's just get on with it
Jk again.. I'm not gunna punch any animals guys
Looked at a pair of Versace sneakers last night and almost started crying
Picking out bathing suits on VS is the slowest process ever
Everyone have that deep dark secret that can make it break u or change the way people seeu the question is did u tell anyone
This weekend was shorter than a gnat's tail since I'm working tonight, tomorrow, and Sunday
I missed my lil princesses ,
why do i always get the sudden urge to be super productive at midnight
I see you, SFPD officer with a can of Modelo, I see you.
My mind ain't set on what in going to do with life
SHAWN MENDES I AM WAITING PATIENTLY FOR YOU TO COME ON YOUNOW SO HURRY!
I don't erven think Justin checks his and dms anymore...
I came to party like tonight will never end
What should I do for my first cover\nSomebody help me.
im making Thottie Crush Tuesday a thing. ur all gonna hop on that.
Missing tonight. Boo.
I'm going to make you feel it
OH!! And also follow new family member the beautiful multi-takented !! SEX N BIZ COMING ON WEDNESDAY 7\/9!!
Hello first day of summer school...
HAHAHA my grandma just got Bluetooth installed in her car and now she's yelling because she doesn't think they would hear her
The only phrase Hope Solo's statement lacked was \"I meant no harm with my swinging fists, and apologize if I hurt anyone's face.\"
Damn yo I ran 7 miles today
People tell me that I'm confident. While this is true for the most part, there is ONE area where I lack it. I won't say it here though. :p
Hittin up the Adi's with bae
Damn USA scored first within 30 secs
Jackass meadow and Florance lake was funtastic!beautiful,wonderful.
Catch me at crizzly at 7. Gahhhhh
If I was Drake I'd call out all these stupid ass people saying how soft he is and quoting him with things he's never said
I just really like eating idk
Ginobili is my boy
Just had to pour out half a bag of to prevent myself from devouring the entire bag
trying to look up and working towards it but this situation has got to end...I cannot handle it anymore...options, I need options
If you're threw frontin' we can do somethin'
There go your kids
Even I would hate soccer if I only had these announcers to listen to.
Really wanna go whip around on the jet ski
New York city's like IMMA MAKE IT RAIN... WHENEVER I WANT
I am even seeing white privilege in the fields of education &amp; social service, where educated ppl of color should be welcomed!
if you want me in your life then put me there , I shouldn't be fighting for a spot .
Nacimos el uno para el.otro T&amp;S
Still not a US fan though
Something is wrong with my twitter I swear five ppl just told me I started following them when I thought I already was!???
I'll forever be grateful for Jason Kidd, Let him live and do his thing
My whole family is basically the population of Willows haha
Happy July 4th! Big day of America's newly found love today vs and then vs !
Glad they were so easy to bond with
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see life with a clearer view again
I wanna get drunk but I have math class tomorrow morning...
Jealousy is for bitches but some niggas is BITCH MADE!!!
\"If she don't change her ways, she is goin' to hell\" -grandma judy (about lady gaga)
Dave Chapelle show about to start!
Got concession stand duty tomorrow....just my luck. At least I get free shit
Clara seems less annoying than Rose so maybe I can try doctor who again
I had a dream that I was a Receiver foe the Seattle Seahawks.
actually need to get out of bed and do something
I literally went 7 mph and thought I was going to die
I'm gonna cry right now
How did I get so lucky
Smart cars with bike racks never get old.
I don't mess with liars sorry
I can really work for the FBI. I swear I find information quicker than anyone.
Como que me haces falta .... &lt;3
Por las buenas soy buena, por las malas lo dudo...
30 SECONDS MOTHER FUCKERS!!!!!!!
There is a god! He switched with his tiny wife!
Waiting patiently to see James Franco in the flesh.
Tomorrow morning I will leave my bed and my house for the first time in 50 hours ..... If that isn't laziness idk what is
it didn't hit me yet that this will be my last day at dag
\": Life is meant to be a challenge, because challenges are what make you grow.\"
feels like the hardest decision I've ever had to make ..
After a serial killer plead guilty to the rape and killing now the men once boys are released and people want to say now let's put it behind
I used to love fireworks, until about a year and a half ago
Thank you God for blessing me with another day of life!!!!
what an insane day! and tomorrow I get to do a whole different version of it!
Wish you would step back from that ledge my friend
If you are rooting against the us, you're probably a terrorist
Ellos dicen que son bravo y no corren ni a plaza lama
Back to back homers to near where I'm sitting. So hype!!!
I'm not even American
Without emojis, I wouldn't be able to properly express my emotions in texts
Why is no one up besides keating, Kordell and I?
Empezamos de vuelta?, no por favor..
When the homie going to give is new music
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED?????
Hope Solo you're still really hot
THIS RED CARPET SHOW IS HORRIBLE
Welp, tits out on 7th ave everyone. The tits, are, out. Her nipples are an odd color.
Not with Miles all excited to see me home ... lol
Yoga 8 o'clock come thru
Alyica's going away party at The Wagon was really fun.
I spent 45 minutes completely tearing apart a hotel room looking for my phone...my mom came in and found it in under 30 seconds
Bruh july 13th can't come any faster
S\/O to my dads from Grand Central Park that blessed us
Just watched The fault in our stars and I cant stop thinking about things overall
Why tf nick cannon look like that
LOOKING FOR A BF TO BUY STUFF FROM ACTIVE FOR. TAKING APPLICATIONS.
Mind is blown
If is against supporting contraception, why carry SO MUCH MERCH from China?!
Just stuff I think about all the time
the beach is so calm &amp; peaceful at night
Dempsey!!!! FUCKING CLINT!!!! LETS GO!
It's kinda late and I'm kinda bored favorite away..
IM STAYINF UP TILL MIDNIGHT AND IM LIKE FRAKING OUT OMG
Lol go ask black people about country singers and we will look just as ignorant tho
35 seconds !!!! 1-0 USA !!
:Are you guys talking about me?\n:Alaina the earth do sent revolve around you.\n:yeah but the earth revolves around the sun... And I'm a star
E comunque anche da qui...forza Colombia e forza Germania!!!;-) ma soprattutto forza al Re del Tennis Roger Federer!!!!!!;-)
feels like im on an island by myself
Wow wow wow wow wow and this is why I hate you
Today is finally the day! Yay! I am so excited
This bitch lil sister getting on my nerves
I ain't even know It, I just order it
Sanheim to philly... Dislike u now
Idc wut anyone says Brazilians women have the most luscious Asses..goodness lawdddd have mercy
Confused as to how the fuck I ended up in Byren Bergen
Phil of the Future is on right now! Good job DIsney Channel !
You got it Paul . Hoping you have a great day and rest of the work week! \n\nCheers from Manhattan, NYC~
caralhoooooooo o menor se confessou demaaaaaaaaais...
Anthony passed for 21 wow omg wow ongg lmao
Oh im sorry did my tweets offend you well man the fuck up
Porque tu me dices jired? -.-
rever meus amigos de mulecagem,bater rezenha se sentar na porta de casa ,isso ja faz 20 anos que nao acontecem
My phone really faked it's death. I'm done. Gn..
000H its just so lame tonite ..
Boys who try to make me laugh are the best kind of boys
Don't arrest me It's all She won't stop playing the Friend's theme song.
headache so bad I can't look at the computer
Shocked that this little Punjabi deli on E. 1st is packed the day it's in a Gothamist article.
my clothes are all big on me... wtf
Remember to enjoy the process, love the ride
\": Just finished bailing hay with and \" I helped a lot!
I don't know who I want to win less I just hate both countries
I just made a shot facing the wall
this is strikingly similar to watching people play fifa
GOOOOOOOLLLLLL LETS GO!!!!!!
America just scored a goal in less than a minute into the game!!!
Showering after a long, hot day is the best feeling.
She Gave em head , only reason He stuck around .\nAin't nun ov my business tho . Lol
Feelin like I need a new pair of air max's
my tl is full of
She matte black telling me her great great great grand parents really founded this place called America
g o o d n i g h t
When People Screenshot Your Tweets Nd Send Them To You &lt;
So I gave in n got snapchat...user oh_schnell.
writing about someone and how immortalizing the process and person becomes.
Praying for the man upstairs to give me strength
If you not a hoe\nGet up out my trap house
Every time I hear Rack City I think of you because the first time I heard it you played it in tech draw lmao
She don't fuck with no broke niggas but she ain't no gold digger
it's not even funny that taylor can't spell \" espinosa \" or \" reynolds \" it's sad
Jackie says I have no game, she says the only reason she ever approached me is because of the silly faces I made.
Someone said the word \"gold\" so I immediately watched \"All Gold Everything\" on YouTube. I'd say that's the appropriate reaction.
Just got 2 coffees for about 75p each just for having a British accent.. Haha it's really paying off being English in California
Cant leave my room bc responsibilities
Finished teen wolf.\nSo is it almost Monday or?
A cheeseburger for about 5 minutes of their lives.
Matt sasses the fuck of Renae in this episode.
Wall Street journal has been a great app to use ever since I downloaded it. So much to learn about
Your a two faced bitch.
Y GANA ARGENTINAAAAA!!!
Y'all act like ya never seen thunder before lol
ion like handjobs bitch i like head
if you can't make it panoramic don't talk to me
Jack is BACK! That was the best one so far! WATCH IT!
Welp, here we are seniors. Let's make this last day something to remember.
Every time I trade dollars for plane tickets it always ends up being a really good decision.
Have I even slept in the last 3 days im naat sure
Idk if I wanna celebrate finals being over by going to the gym or taking a nap. Life's tough decisions.
Omg, runaway plays during break. I'm so excited for this class
So teen son actually rushed in my room &amp; spoke to me last night!\n\"Dad there's a girl downstairs, don't come down!\" ...&amp; then rushed out.
I miss my grandma living next door she always had me well fed
No no no
Fave if u wanna talk to me on Omegle!!
History always repeats itself. America is over due for a good old fashion revolution
I really hope that girl did not ask about the album while they were in the club...
Idcurrr if he got mad :)
Beyond my smile is everything you'll never understand
\": great appearance on . Clear the air. Is there more than 50% chance of trump ticket in 2016? Watch
How could u be so dr. evil, you bringing out a side of me that I don't know
Goalie didn't even have a chance
Less than 1min USA 1-0 Ghana
Sometimes I wonder if she still loves me ..cause I think I still got it for her. She was my day one since I came down here.
you got your fair share of admirers that call ya phone, you try to act like it's just me but I am not alone
Ba Sing Se got an MTA
Guys. No Greece\/Germany jokes please. Too raw.
SCOTT IS LIGHTSKIN NOW HE BOUT TO DROP THE DEEPEST RnB ALBUM SINCE TAKE CARE
CANNOT WAIT. is about to play something beautiful at
.why'd you have to kick Dempsey like that
So. Let's see how a few beers, no exercise and blue cheese fries prepares me for sleep tonight
Will I ever grow out of sticking my foot in my mouth? Just insulted a same sex couple by assuming one of the wives was the nanny. Shoot me.
That why I only fuck wih like 2 people
Lady just asked my sister if she could hand her some extra toilet paper from under the stall
I just witnessed two breakups in the last two minutes
Frio vc mal chegou e ja pode ir embora
I'm so glad I found this \nI'm so glad I did
The spanish news is all about Mexicans being arrested and injured for celebrating too much.
Black Hawk Down, Jarhead, and Lone Survivor are my three favorite war movies.
Chad: I won't lie sometimes it does feel like you have an invisible friend
\"Thank you for finding me and thank you for the care, and fuck you for making me think that this life might be fair.\"
One of my many talents is being able to go from happy to sad in .05 seconds
you ever get so bored you just eat?
Sorry!!! I screwed up that should be follow !!!!!
Amanda just called me a depressed bitch
Im so mad i fuckin knocked out dude! Lmao
Some raw oysters would be clutch. Or some clams casino
Never been in so much pain
You can be so rude sometimes i swear
The reason why I allow you on my social networks is so you could get inspired
Do all of these people really give a shit about ?????
I came home to so many packages
Don't investigate and not take me to jail
what's even going to happen like doesn't Scott bite stiles in the season 3 premier? I guess I'll find out in a bit. but WHAT DOES THAT MEAN
let me eat before it comes on
Planing our vegas trip w the cousin
I go back to AZ tomorrow and today my family decides to go to Disney World next week.............
Whats the point in having a cell phone if ur nit gonna answer it?
JACOB I NEED TIME TO PREPARE BEFORE YOU POST YOUR COVERS BC RN IM MENTALLY UNSTABLE
I guess everybody went to sleep on me...
Maegan gets blacked out and turns into a mentally challenged person. I just don't understand
I don't care about people that ain't blood related to me.
If pull this series out can say he won without
If my brother makes me late to graduation I'm gonna be tight
Swear to gawd Abbotts got the best milkshakes B
30 SECONDS GOALLLLLL!!!!!
A nigga bored out his mind
Graduation will be the death of me
Today, \"my thang\" = feelings and texting sexy wrists as a distraction because feminism and why not.
Never again will I take a science class over the summer. CHEMISTRY IS RUINING MY SUMMER
Plans got cancelled due to rain I want to see some rain falling
When I call him by his full name he knows he did something.
ok that curry fucked me all the way up
I just figured out my next tattoo
Washcloth- where do I even start with you oh my gosh
And on the 16th day, they rested.\n\nQuiero ver un jueguito.\n\n
DYKES LOW KEY ALWAYS GOT BUTTON UPS SNAPBACKS A PAIR OF ODD COLOR JEANS A BOWTIE AND SOME JAYS
Silence, it's not normal to feel like hiding.
Found a yoga ball at work....hello new office chair.
Do not give a fuck I got the swagger of a virgins dick
Big bites will be the death of me
When a place, a person, a routine starts to drain you, it's okay to leave it all behind, right?
the first thing that is wrong with you is that you call yourself a princess
He irritates me, she irritates me, you irritate me, e v e r y o n e irritates me except like 3 people
I'm not with texting 24\/7 .. Don't get me wrong girl I'm still tryna talk just let me play a couple games in 2k then I'll get back to u
So the man chose execution. After gun shots ring out the executioners secretary asks wits really outside the door. He says... Freedom.
Just got that holiday bonus $$
It's just a little cocaine sniff, but the lines longer than parades is
Jozy Altidore thinks Joel Campbell's first touch is terrible.
All the @ names I thought of people already taken smh
AAAAAND IT'S DONE\nARGENTINAAAA 2:1 BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA
Those are real Kanye tweets sit yo hating ass down
Always on my mind..\nbut I can't waste my time
I've had my helmet on for most of this car ride
Can't sleep so naturally I'm browsing toasters on Amazon.
I'm truly blessed to have all these people in my life
At the wharf watching people fish.
Hahahahaha a esta le han dado mas poyazos en China xD
My mom seriously just said the one sentence that I have been scared to hear for 2 years and it ruined my day even more
Medio tiempo 0-1
.'s back line looks very vulnerable. I can see how Germany destroyed them.
It always makes me smile when a straight guy says he wants his hair to look like mine.
Trying to crutch around your house slightly intoxicated is harder than you think
Home after hours of 20 mile exercise
WHAT ID I JUST TWEET OMG IMMSCREMAING USSAAA!!!
I still feel bad for not getting you your stitch pillow pet :( haha you're crazy talented btw!!
I think Tauheed Epps and I would love to hear a song by Duffle Bag Boy, Tity Boy, and 2Chainz!
KRHV 161347Z 00000KT 10SM SCT030 13\/10 A2992
Im so done with high school, cant wait to get my ged and move on.
Honey. Just cause it's zips, it doesn't mean it fits.
I looked ridiculous why did any of my fiends not tell me wtf YALL FAKE ASF FUCK YALL
Absolutely deserved by the US after such a lethargic performance by Portugal. Clearly refusing to play to their potential.
Gonna miss Raw tonight &amp; I really wanted to watch it tonight.
OMG LESS THAN A MIN
The worst is when the solider comes home and proposes I lose it every time.
Damn! So close!
Sorry to burst your bubble, but there won't be any second chances .... So chill
People who are unhappy think about what life can do for me. People who are happy think about what I can for life
All these family members want to add me on Facebook and I'm here like ...... No no no nope . Not gonna happen
THIS GAME IS TOO AMERICAN
I can't wait til i fucking leave this house
i wanna say some thru da roof shit, buh nah. aha
Ive always been pessimistic because i know nothing good ever happens.
Holy shit!!! Dempsy!!!!!
Voting members of - if u watch u know who to nominate!\n\n\n\n
Only one I dislike more than Shannon is Vicki's son-in-law &amp; that was after what he did at the party last season.
Lots of cops all over Albion and 17th in the mission. Weird
probably gonna take it easy this July 4th &amp; spend it hating gays &amp; minorities while also doing loads of laundry
Congrats to and for eloping before the ceremony!
Anyways, let me get back to what's relevant
Ridiculous anniversary dinner at All'onda. Crudi tasting, duck ragu and cavatelli w\/spicy tomato-ricotta to share, short rib for 2
You are just out of my element.
How was your day?
It's 1038 and I already need today to be over
As I reach for my ID napkins come spilling out of my purse and Nani goes 'Fat girl probz' lmao. I'll kill her before the day ends.
I turn to my dog \"How are you feeling?\" *rolls over and begs for attention
We need to stop celebrating wrong people as a society by making movies about them or giving them a publishing deal....
Ok i really didnt think i would be sad about high school ending
never let dan lie drive, Almost killed us
I don't even like you guys
What channel is BET on direct tv
How do we get Banjo Enterprise? Everyone in this room wants to know!
I literally can't get comfortable in my bed
Te Amo David .
Can I just stay here for like a week.
I'm really spose to believe u tweeting from a computer nigga???!!.... don't insult me
Best part of America? After we score a sick ass equalizer goal we can all go on our 4G smart phones and tweet about it.
It's been around 8 hours now..
Headache, sore throat, wanting to throw up &lt;&lt;&lt;
I did better on the oral report than I did on the dialogue lmao
I love twitter lol it's like the diary of my youth lol
I couldn't wait for it to be summer now I just want it to be fall
My mom just suggested to bring a sweater to the beach today.....
\"It's a filthy world we live in, it's a filthy god damn helpless world\"
I can't wait for the World Cup to be over, lol.
That poked at me a little
Oooooooouch. That slowmo relay was painful!
Things were so different a year ago, it's crazy.
IF I DONT GET A FOLLOW FROM U SO I CAN DM U IN THE NEXT 10 TWEETS IM DONE TODAY
Schedule for tomorrow hasn't been posted yet soo
Omg everyone on my timeline is literally Watching expect me right now
BULL SHIT! All freaking ball
Unexpected exit. Come back stronger in 2018!
Adelante dt y super analistas !!!!!!
JONES. AN ABSOLUTE FIRE CRACKER!!!!
All I want is dolla drinks and quarta drafts and my people
A heart don't forget somethin like that
I know I'm single because I'm so fucking difficult to deal with, but I'm telling you when I love I love fucking hard.
MILONGA DEL BARRIO NYC This Saturday 6\/ 28th. with Rita y Edwin &amp; Jon\n2 Salons, 2 DJs\n131 W 35th St 5th F Btw B'way &amp; 7th Ave NYC
Got used to hearing Italian all the time and now my parents are speaking to me in Chinese and I'm like wat
The wheels on the bus go round &amp; round
I swear I'm always looking for all the right shit from all the wrong people...
Think like a man too was such a good movieeeee. Maaad funny.. but ill admit, i cried a couple times too..
A 15 year old boy at the Hillsdale CalTrain station just asked me \"How much?\" Didn't know I looked like a prostitute.
Also I just updated my phone and it's different but I can't quite put my finger on what exactly..
Good night y'all bed time long day.. And wooohoooo truck comes home tomorrow!!!
I should get some seafood b
I hate talking to you because then you'll get all bitchy.
This Spurs vs Heat game looking like the Holland vs Spain game.
'Cause who I am hates who I've been
I miss the city
I miss chill days\/nights with my boo, when we'd just lay around and talk about how we were gonna clean our rooms lol
I love when the weather is like this
HOLY SHITTTTTT USA!
Fireworks are one of my weaknesses
Holy shitballs kick to the face! Hurts from here. Hope it's not broken!!
Si no es contigo no es con nadie.
My 3 year old cousin says\"ya-ya, why do people cry?\" \"Because we feel, and someday when your older and you get hurt don't be afraid to cry.
When your phone is posses by lighting gods and does your taxes for you &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Smack that, all on the flow, smack that, give me some mow, smack that, till you get sore
Last time ill ever use tumblr for that ..
System in bimmer gonn be knockin
Thats how you play a penalty shootout
I'm always considered a \"bitch\" just because I'm honest.
This pizza is why I'm proud to be an American
I honestly have the best dog in the world... He just caught this annoying fly in his mouth and ate it
El que no arriesga no gana y si no me creen, preguntenle a RUEDA!! Jaja
\"Joe Bidin, the US president\" uhhhhhm, not quite, announcers.
If isn't hired somewhere within a week, the whole industry is making a big mistake.
Literally walked 70 blocks thru Central Park w\/ sneaker heels fml
Spurs sent the message to Miami very clearly: Nah nah nah nahhhhhh, nah nah nah nahhhhh, HEY HEY HEYYY, GOODBYEEE!!!
If I had a fire tomorrow who would come? Like tomorrow night?!
Good morning New York. It's time for a walk and some coffee.
I'm currently taking a to go-go dance at . Welcome to my most tweet yet.
I hope when he sees the Dr it goes by fast
Having someone that has your back is a great feeling
YES IN THE FACE
We talked about makin it, im sorry that you never made it.
why am I taking forever to get ready when I know I got shit to do today?!
I hate how the PV for Revelation barley shows Kazuki. I'm pretty sure he was shown in the directors cut version
Bonfires going to be uneventful, but hopefully more show up later.
\": is mickey mouse at warp?????\"
Awesome I might have an upper respiratory infection AND strep throat. I have both a final in an hour and a concert tonight. Fuck me.
Can't wait to see Jabari Parker play andrew wiggins 4 times this season
Respect to Shane Battier on an awesome career
\"ME GUSTA FROYOO OH OH OH\"\n\"No it's bad in any language\"\n
On the return leg, a firefly landed on my glasses.
I wish I got some of my shit on snapchat whatever yall missed out. ;)))( :pppppp
U S n' A!!!
Portugal is out!
Is it bad that I never want to do anything with these people?
Ima keep it 100 - im crazy , but only when it's necessary .. If I care about something you'll know-
I'm pretty sure all my weed smokers do....right guys?
Ugliest thing I ever seen !! Lol anyway now he's trying to add my instagram .. DENIED ..
Youre wearing wrist straps for a 135 deadlift??
I hate hoes they are home-wrecks and they'll take your man and man hoes will talk try to get at all your friends and family smh! Ugh!
casually sitting outside Claudia's house waiting for her to get home
Have decided my second job will be personal training!
Completing a long run is always a great feeling
I need a beer after today
.goel: has reprsnted the telugu community,has also asked us to help Telangana.\nNow waiting for TRS to twist this suitably
Back init baby!!!!!
The best thing me take care of me thugs and me family
Good Morning America live from NY tomorrow morning:) tune in...
Thots be like what's a book bae is that like something u order in starbucks
Don't knock my flow, just rock lil nigga
There is no more to be said, it is done and after a night on celebrating it is back to my regular work day for a few more weeks.
Who has a longboard and or wants to go longboarding
i do one thing &amp; the world ends
I need to follow someone to get this 666 thing outta here
Im still hoping my life is just a bad dream
Magkanta kung All of me bukas. HAHA K.
LITERALLY S\/O TWITTER S\/O THE INTERNET S\/O TO ALL THE COOL PEOPLE ON TWITTER VIA THE INTERNET ILY
did u give her candy or drugs \/\/ my family
I still need to shower and get ready for school tomorrow
I feel bad for the connetquot graduates... That school did not prepare you for college like others did. Good luck to all of you...
I'm sick of being tired, I need my medication, prescription meditation
Tired of sitting in this car.
Who wants to go on a tap run
Johnny Bs is the dream rn
Props to new moms still grinding on that comedy game! Spied in a 212 writer's meeting this evening and was def impressed!
Maybe my parents will actually want to do something today.. I need to get out of the house and get my mind off shit.
I love you Grandma. You will be missed. :(
I have a feeling life is going to get better soon.
The most predictable top 5 ever
Ghana has been controlling this game. US better step it up.
Wait, why was I not at curl fest
A tough, full body training with complemented by a gentle session of Hatha Yoga. Both are mind\/body challenges. Balance=health.
Taking ground balls might be my all time favorite thing to do
Wade is some cheeks
Oh lawwwddd why I thought August Alsina was Trinidad James
That was ridiculous.
A TOUR BUS ALMOST RAN US OFF THE ROAD
\"Cesca remember how many boys were hitting on me in Tahiti, man those were the times\" -Charlotte Macrae
30 secs in
Call me a name, kill me with words, forget about me it's what I deserve
Why must you bother me at 3am
When I'm sad. I stop feeling sad and I start feeling awesome... True story
NAS KILLED IT. 42 piece orchestra that made Dave Chappelle's set feel like an afterthought. Wtf did we just see
All I have to worry about is myself...nobody else
Hate road trips with people when their phone dies they steal yours
Granted he is younger but the realty is that Harden never had to be THAT man.. He was always a .
I most likely think about\/analyze little things that people take for granted.
She just wanna smoke and fuck I said girl that's all that we do
Made a new ig go follow it at
\"If you buy your July 4 supplies at Walmart, you can celebrate our independence from Britain and dependence on China at the same time.\"
USA jones goal!!!!
Estaba bastante picante y me ha sentado muy mal.
Today was the day to decide on whether to keep prime or not &amp; they sent a 2 day order via smartpost again. Easy decision.
2 wild pitches by the Yankees' reliever bring home 2 Cyclones runs. Ready for the Bronx?
does anyone know how to reset apple security questions ??
Ate shit twice infront of people rn skating home lol
Why is Jerry layne on this crew man
Headed back to LA on i-5... A great place to play some of old music! \nSuch a good day!
Luke Skywalker is specially able. Lol
get rid if this clown. His face needs to go
Morning after, my lungs hurt. Eat ya pussy just to show you how my tongue works
you look like the guy from Despicable Me
Guy in front of me at CVS is buying 8 cases of Spam...
I wish we had more TV dinners lol
Hey uptop Flatbush, NY wit my rib 4 dis Movie Audition. BrooklynBredFilm follow them on Twitter
Just took a 7 hr nap.... That's when u know ur lackin sleep
I want a boyfriend to work out with
Watching an marathon because why the fuck not
You know what to do with that big fat butt
This car ride is taking too long
No Shade ... There Are A LOT Of Artists That Don't Sound Good Live
actually miss being able to put on shorts everyday. I HATE wearing jeans.
i love you jack Bauer.... AWESOME!
Good morning, Today's the last day of school. Let's remember to thank the teachers!
You know you're fucked when sleeping pills won't even work!
If I was that goalie I would punch myself in my face
I'm having three kids and only raising 2
\n\nGuys, 5SOS is in my basement
HEA AT NUMBER 2 CMON WE CAN DO THIS
Listening to the Univision guys pronounce Sokratis Papastathopoulos..? Priceless!\n
There is no capability in me what so ever that can judge anyone. That's just me.
So she gonna make me bombaso
Not a good night for the t-shirt industry here at 's .
... The man clearly despises . Why else would he try to turn it into something else..?
I can see going to the Chicago bulls
Who wants to play bp tonight at my house?
Pretty sure the world would be an awesome place if R, Python, &amp; JS people all hung out, cool shit would definitely be made
FUCKING Sam lmao Ol SPRUNG Ass
This game needs to start ! Haa
Can we start that business
Phillips also found a long list of names of veterans who were lobotomized by the VA; sort of some of them to chat.
Haven't even picked out my socks, how could I tell you bout my future
Panera, Chipotle, and Starbucks right next to each other omg I cant even
\"You're not a boring person. You make art.\" -
I spend 2\/3 of my year in Wyoming. No, I don't want a relationship. Yes, I want to cuddle.
all you gotta do is fake it and everyone will believe you.
Chinese food always makes me happy.
Ouch Altidore not good team usa.. Gonna need him to play Germany\/Portugal
When will you grow up
I'm gonna be a junior holy fuck high school flys
Wherever you guys, they'll be love love lovee
I have the cutest dog hands down
I just whiped the sweat off my face, that was a tough shit that I just took
Could have been 2, Bradley could have taken the shot!
Stiiiiiiing lol. \nBut I won't tell. Haha
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYBODY!!! Never take for granted our freedoms in this country so have fun &amp; don't blow your hands off w\/the M-80s!!
i hope and pray I get to feel what it feels like to get that ticket one more year
Waiting for the day my face transforms and I turn hot
A mi me tienen que querer siempre; no ha ratitos.
But when a good guy actually comes around I swerve the shit outta them ..
Don't understand how SCOTUS can make contraception a sui generis \"class\" &amp; still say other religious objections (blood transfusions) are ok.
Best chirp of \"forget big data, I want my big lunch!!\"
this is going to be a tough decision tomorrow, between USA &amp; Germany. Can i have them both win?
What exactly is a man crush? Whatever it is, I have one on Jesse Chavez.
\"I know we were going thru some shit name a couple that isn't\"
Grab my handed a little tighter don't be afraid to come a little closer
Pinkberry date with the one and only
So many soccer jerseys out right now.
Too much on my fucking mind right now
BOY LEBRON LOOKS EXHAUSTED.
It's bitches! Congrats to our Ticos from Gotta love
\": @ da end of the day no one cares how pretty u rrrrrr\"
Anthony of O&amp;A fired over racist tweets. Folks losing franchises. Will All in the Family reruns be banned next?
next hour my tweets will b about Teen Wolf
if you understand history, youll quit writing. if you knew mine, youd understand why ill never write again
I have this really dark mole on my upper back
Sams always favoriting shit against me fuck you
\"I may not be there yet but I'm closer then I was yesterday\"
Meet me out past the train tracks I'm leaving and not coming back you're right and I was wrong this town will be the downfall of us all
It's fucking over I swear to god these dudes are fucking dead
'IM NOT NASH GRIER OR LUKE BROOMS JUST STOP FUCKING CALLI G ME'
We're all humans. Some people are violent. If you can't find a way to empathize with those who DON'T pose a threat then you need to ask why.
Maybe she's afraid to be loved again. Because the last guy screwed her over.
Do you have a job? Nah? Okay.
I still get poked on Facebook and it makes me uncomfortable
7am physics don't do me wrong
I don't care about doing nothing else today but getting this phone call
I just curl my eye lashes and brush up my eye brows .
I'm deleting my twitter because Miguel is a bully. Goodbye world
It's a rising cap world, and defensemen and centers are valued.
The NBA title belongs to San Antonio
THERE'S TOUGHER WAYS OF EARNING MONEY THAN TRYING TOO STEAL IT ~ AND THAT'S LOOKING FOR A JOB
If you didn't wanna hang, you could've just told us ya feel
Ghana players looking like they went to the Montreal Canadiens' school of diving.
It's really annoying to have bona fide stalkers.
Somebody dm me, and have a convo with me.
Ahora si ya yego!! Vamos chicha!!
My house is literally a sanctuary of food
now hes mad cause i wont swim with the fam WILL U CALM DOWN PLS I DONT FEEL LIKE IT
its 3:13 in the fuckin morning and no one home ill sneeze however loud i fuckin want
I know most of you are saying any idiot could do it but it was hard for me SO BACK OFF
Muito legal!!! Mandou bem!!! :)
i didn't know the Spurs were so good...
Would be nice to have a full convo via text from someone who initiated the bloody convo.
\"When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them..\"
Wine and ice cream are a real stellar combo
I just want to party with good people.... why is that such a hard thing!
Everybody has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
Okaay, who's the little bitch who just prank called me lmaooo
My barber told me to be here 10... Nigga just walked in
I wonder if any stadiums were open for people to come and watch the game on the big screen like they do in other countries
Good morning, at the gym...gonna crush it!
Fuck man after actually playing soccer I have a lot more respect for the sport. That shit is pretty tough
Thats why u don't get caught up like that
If I break down will you catch my tears before they hit the ground?
I got shuch a cute white dress and its longg and its lace ! For last min it was pretty good
Be mindful that your hacking the user journey, not just the technology
Sara is a 19 year old college student and just asked me how to spell lemon
Did everything possible to get pulled over by the hottest avon cop, nothing worked and I'm disappointed and a little heartbroken
\": Andre has no chill lmao\" pero like mamita epea..... Mexico you love me lmfao !
Your partner would get in the way then you shouldn't even be In the relationship. Know your shit.
Dime si conmigo quiere ser travesuras aah que se ha vuelto una locura y tu esta bien dura
He didn't even moveeee my grandma could've saved that
All I need to end a day on a good note is my boyfriend and a beer
\": \"You're talking to a former member of my high school tennis team\" ok coach bob\" he won't play me even w\/o cartilage wise man
Depression is a front for people to weak to face reality
Best friends: have cute boyfriends, going to east coast for college, living the dream, etc.\nMe: I eat hot fudge for free soo...
Maybe it was just a bad day for my feet idk
I mean, it's basically like I won two 8 mans this weekend and tilted out of the last one.
\": Sunburn on the top of your feet&lt;&lt;&lt;\" ....mines so bad it hurts to walk
This shouldn't exist what even is this what the heck
I look the shittiest at my jobs
\"Remember when acid was good and the music was good\" mom pls
If I get charged a cancellation feed for the Uber that derailed all of our 4th of July travel plans like dominoes I will be most unhappy.
I love this city. I love my life.
He's all that matters to meeeee.
That bitch ain't ya bitch Benzino.. A real woman woulda been by ya side the entire trip *rolls eyes*
all of my suggested Facebook friends are just the married ones I don't even recognize anymore.
What a goal by Jermaine Jones Straight out of the top drawer
I thought we had it all guess I fucked up the vision
Lunches always seem so long when I'm not actually working thru them
Showjoe so butt, all the men have the same dumb ass hair cut too
aight so at 9pm the + booze cruise livetweet pops off. we ready
That was a good goal!
It's crazy how ppl become such strangers...
Or do you not think so far ahead, cus I been thinkin bout foreverrrrrrr
Hi Slenderman here. Did you buy your Krockathon 19 tickets yet or can I butt F you?!?
I think i should go out for vacation I want to go out of state and just have fun be me, not just sit in this house alone in a corner
Nigga yikes... I dont play that shit
Matt's mumbling in his sleep, I hit him, then he loudly sleep talked: \"Do it again and I'll take away ALL the sushi\"
Wait what the fuck is going on
Lauren burns her hand take 20
That's fuckin cool happy fourth -.- stupid rain
\": Not even a hurricane can stop our freedom \" the glory is to much for any hurricane
I didn't even know Ghana was a thing
Please remove ur titties from my timeline gurl
Kermit the frog is really killing me right now
u could fool the rest of your TL but as long as i know....
I need a drink . I don't think my heart can take that game..Go USA!!!!!...
Preparing my self mentaly for work every night till Tuesday..
.What exactly is Ur official position, R U organizer of NAHN or R U spokesperson?
I like nasty girls. what can I say
I seriously can't deal with these overdramatic players when they get injured O M G
It feels like it should be 12am
I hate people so much sometimes
I'm sleepy so I'm probably going to take a nap lol
I swear, washing in my apartment complex is like the fucking Hunger Games bc there is more people than washers and dryers.
Tonight was way too fun
Cameron is perhaps the greatest heel of all time.
I love being on twitter at this hour.
you mean to tell me if Lebron left ALL YOU NIGGAS gonna stay Heat fans?
\": smoking doesn't fuck up your life, you fuck up your life.\"
Wet Hot American Summer is a fantastic movie
Talking all that dumb shit on FaceTime like you some lit nigga. Donkey kong in the forehead ass nigga. See me when you see me. Pussy.
Got me an Adidas jacket and soccer sweats also a Nike risk tee shirt!
Slide that little sugar shaker over here
And I have a list if all these books I must read still
Unrequited love is literally the worst thing ever
E just tried to use bama cash to buy dinner.
\"I'll tell you this: no eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn.\"
I hate the mall even though I'll be working there soon
Whatttttaaaa rip USSAAA let's get it
Can't believe you really just said that lol
My dad made me get Jack in the caja -.- in n out is way better and cheaper! Smh
Can we reschedule the 4th of July like we did Halloween because this weather sucks
Just opened the fridge instead of the oven
France and Germany going to kill it today.
My name is Antonio F Mancini... The F is for fuck her right in the pussy cause that's what I don't do you feel dawg
Forever hitting the train at the time
You just act like you deserve to be waited on by everyone
Im opening up for ! Bruh if you see this RT ! Needa get these thotties out there July 18th! Haha
Let's have a couple of drinks what u say!!
It's been 15 minutes, since I been up in it
Fuck i need to buy a big ass tent for hudson..... Help?
hello im back
OH MY GOD TWEETED ME
is a GREAT sequel. Definitely recommend that movie.
If I lost to two kids who got banned can I get the creds back
Everybody Go Follow , He Is so Gorgeous
I think if I look at my computer screen or phone for another minute I might actually go blind &amp; my eyeballs will melt inside of my skull.
And now their dogs are running around the yard. I'm done.
De izquierda a derecha, El Segundo ta bueno de francia.
playing a hella good game, watch out!
\"I like to experience all the flavors\" - Allie Levison on her preference in men
Wale you know those are predator braids so why are they in your hair my nigga
made a few money calls this morning $$
Stay off the block niggas, you not welcome.
Oh maaaaa gaaaad , to go or to not .
CAN JUSTIN PLEASE COME BACK TO NYC
Conversations that happen this late at night are the best. Deep thoughts...
I hate arrogance like hey take a second and uh remember who the fuck you are thanks
I need to stop staying up late when I know I have work in the morning, I'm useless and my shift hasn't even started.
Tek off you g-string fii the Sutherland
Should probably stop feeling sorry for myself and start making better decisions
some days i can't wait to be a mom. other days i believe the little satan spawns should be put on an island until they're at least 19.
that was clean af
When my mom drops me off at summer school I feel like running infront of the car as shes driving away
My tline is full of fanqins and i'm happy &lt;3 I don't have to see anyone bashing Fanfan :3
The government stole HALF my CPA bonus...reallllll cool.
I'll get to the rest of the subtweets later I promise!!!
Whats up w\/your Cust relations ? Call daily for over 2 weeks &amp; constantly busy. +email 1 week ago &amp; no reply
My sister is in the state of New York !!!!!!!!!!!
Toren me acaba de decir que mi panza es muy chiquita. Amor eterno.
Me time is my favorite time
Have to pee. Don't want to wake the kids. Little man's Been up since 5:30 n still tossing n Turning.
My brothers being so annoying rn
Feels so good to be home
We r obsessed with and . I love it. We got bad boys . We must've admit it . @
Is it time to give up on chem yet
I enjoy when I'm up early enough to not feel rushed and can have a convo with :)
Did I miss my bus again?
Why cry when you have reasons to smile?
My right knee buckled from dancing at maxfuncon, so I decided to jump and land on my right ankle all weird dancing at Holland's wedding.
Down my neck yoooo. No space to breath !!
I hate when my mom smokes in the car bc I smell like ciagaretts and that's nasty asf
KSJC 280053Z 31016KT 10SM FEW016 24\/15 A2993 RMK AO2 SLP134 T02390150
If anybody's looking to sell an iPad text me, don't bother if ya shits all cracked up shaaawty though. 317-987-8094.
There's been a low-flying helicopter circling over my house 4 several hours... I can't help but feel like a geeked out Henry Hill right now.
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Hey girl, you down to pho?
all the broken hearts in the world still beat, let's not make it harder than it has to be
Just saved all the floats in my backyard from the storm
If I don't reply quick then I forget to for like 3 hours lol
Let's go Melting Pot National Team! Get that second goal.
Someone take demaras phone away for the love of god
I'm gonna melt into a puddle omg. Help. Hahaha.
I can get used to living here tbh
Shoutout to the home for throwing a gem this morning
But they are usually in Moraga so that takes away all dopeness lol
Brooklyn, represent, ! (Thanks!)
Only if wade didnt have to deal wit so many injuries
Smell ya and good luck in world juniors
\": I've waisted so much time on people who deserved NONE of my time.\"
wtf am I gonn wear tonight
Ditched again... I give up.
Spurs is schooling the heats.
My night may have not been the best but it's a new day and it's better without you...
Who put a balloon on my car lol
But you're welcome for the memories
.. KGoooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllll USA
Literally so drunk and have to supervise children on the other side of Brooklyn in 15 minutes
I hate it when people tweet something \"funny\" and then they tweet after \"GUYS THAT WAS SO GOLDEN OH MY GOD THAT WAS SO FUNNY!\"
\"When in doubt, deny all terms and definitions.\"
Don't ever run to someone who will fudge you, or criticize. Even if it is the smallest hit.
I can bet money that I'm nocturnal.
I will not tweet about Jeff Koons I will not tweet about my cute intern I will not tweet about Walmart
Took like 3 hits of my vape and got fucking SMACKED
Idk man. 31K is a shit load amount of money
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
The A's aight but Giants will always be the squad
Also guys who always want to have their shirt off, ok we get it you have a nice body.
I want my boyfriend to wake up
I just had 20+ notifications on twitter from these bitches
Si ya no aoy la misma cursi de antes es porque cuando lo fui a nadie le importo
Don't give me some long ass talk about how you're not a whore and you miss me and then make out with another girl while I'm here.
yo no lie I never felt like shit like I feel right now
These girls on the train at ratchet'd as hell
I feel bad when I see people going thru some shit.
I've been trying to wear my soft ground Vapors but ITS SUMMER
Who is RJStyles? I keep hearing he's a creep..?
My best friend lately has been my babe. Basically who I've been hanging out with
At loving the interactions! excited to see pitches for challenge to enable food choices in cafeterias
the bachelorette is so fake, bye.
3:30 am and I have officially killed all of walking dead
If someone wants to give me plans tonight.. That'd be awesome
Nailed it! RT: : Safeway calls it \"promotion pricing\". Everyone else calls it \" About to grow mold\".
Im in a tent in the middle of the woods unable to sleep
someone smoke w me ok anyone
wide awake trying to figure out what to eat for lunch
BUENAAAS___________________________________________________________________________Estabaa En El Parquee Con Mi Sobrinoo*
GOAL USA in the opening seconds
All the bullshit only makes me stronger..
Today was such a good day !!
Debating skipping the town meeting tomorrow for the USA game. This is horse shit
Did anyone do flints work?
Loving you from here is hard enough as it is. Please just go away and let me figure our my feelings.
god damn it i love xiumin
I'll provide the signs that say \"Motorists: Enjoy your commute back to New Jersey!\"
WR Greg Jennings says the team plans to \"showcase\" WR Cordarrelle Patterson this season.
I dont cut people from my life, they cut themselves
I think I'm still in denial of this whole situation...
See you soon
dad: what do you want for dinner\nme: a sense of purpose\ndad: how about spaghetti
Soooo I kinda want to have a Harry Potter marathon.
it costs $0.00 to stay in your lane and mind your own damn business
\"we met at the wrong time, that's what I keep telling myself anyway\"
Some of y'all need a filter for some of da lame shit ya say
I FUCKING BELIEVE THAT WE WILL FUCKING WIN
wishing that was here because i'm actually in the mood to go on a walk
Alito employing some stellar logic to bat away the argument that the ACA penalty is less than the cost of providing insurance.
There's no amount of money or any materialistic thing that could change my mind on the way I live...
After practice i went to 711 and bought hella snacks cuz im fat
Need to go home &amp; sleep asap
It's over baby it's over !!
Hella fuckin sore tho
Haha If the match will go on? It's soccer! Game ON!
Oh bugger I was going to go out for a walk, but now football. Who AM I?
lol tbh id way rather my honey moon be sexy af than all painfull how awkward hahahahaha.
Forgot how much I love swimming. Just call me Ryan Lochte ayyyy
I never know how to handle shit right and I always fuck up
Just met Kevin O'Neill from .
Lol just got asked to go out on a date at work.. How about no
FUCKING GOAL MOTHERFUCKERS
It's too hot in this room
Despite Merica day tho I'm pumped to watch the Germans annihilate France
TRVP music and GTA oh so noice
High carb type of day.. it's leg day
Heading home what should cook tonight
Nigga bruslee'd Dempsey lmao
Makes me not want to hang out w. Anyone man, Everyone backs up there own bullshit rather than own up to it
My night was ruined. Wasn't expecting this
My night just died. Some dude was preaching about martial arts like he dropped everything in his life for it
wait why am I even on tinder , I have nothing to offer
ARGENTINA FOR THE WIN! YAAASS!
Funniest goal like he swerved on like 4 diff people
take it off now girl \nIt feels so good
The new app update is so garbage. I thought it couldn't get worse after the google + integration.
GOAL..... 1-1, lets go !
I don't think u should be calling anyone ugly honey
Just had the biggest meal because I have ate shit all weekend
It's sad to see Kris &amp; Bruce not together.
This pain has got to go.
Spent my birthday wit my boys couldnt ask for better friends
I'm too frat to be a groupie someone address this!
I'm supposed to read 50 pages a day for summer school and they don't got the book til thurs lol that's a nice save
In this men's case tho, I legit didn't know ..
For being smart.. I'm pretty fucking stupid sometimes
Come and make it rain down on me
you were saved under hot chick in my phone lol
This sleep talk recording app is pretty crazy!
But that's not me. So I'll fall back
\": Does Jennifer Aniston age?\"I was just thinking that shes BAD
\"As adults, Mario Kart is extremely frustrating\" such irony
Is IHOP open today?? Who wants to go? This rain makes me want to eat my life away because there's nothing else to do
Someone just told me I smell like a Buggs bunny...idk how that makes any sense but ok?
Ok lil wayne let's get off my tv screen now
Bitch I get my gwap\nAnd I get my way.
Funny. Just read some article that said Hillary Clinton townhall meeting on cnn had people running around telling them when to applaud.
I want one night under the stars listening to Etta.
Happy is the most annoying song ever
Ruining everyone's lives one person at a time! Yesyesyes!
So nice to see everyone, congrats you fuckers
literally eating a full course meal in the middle of my class
When we let go of what no longer serves us, it creates the space for Better to enter
The amount of times I say I'm bored is unreal
In case one of you wanted to bring me some food or something.
Mah Nigga clint!!!
Can President Obama represent himself in that lawsuit...?\nWatching him kick Boner's ass would be great Must See C-Span....\n
Emma's list of what should go in the toilet: poo, piss, toilet paper.
My life in quotes: \"You know where you're going, but can't do it without having some fun on the way\"
Don't drill oil or your date
I know Joel is just sitting in front of a computer
I get impatient when I am waiting for a slow texter to reply. Kills the vibe bruh
It used to be so easy you and me.
I can't tell anymore if it's me that stinks or just everyone here
USA USA USA!!!!!!!!!!!
It feels good to have back!
Don't listen to other people, bc they don't know shit either
Opening shit from and mistaking it for
My goal is to lay in bed as long as possible
I just want a bag of hot cheetohs and a slurpee
i have a 7 crispy hundred dollar bills and 5 fifty dollar bills &amp; no PP money yaaaay
Since I can't sleep, I'll do what I always do. Watch the network
honestly whats the point of talking with you if youre not going to even try at all
Seeing the all white outfit at is just so classy!!
Just hit the apex of that curve
watching old osnapitzari videos wow we have came so far this is crazy
lol no,I graduated middle school..im going to high school.
Both me and my hubby are sick with the stomach bug :( Kristin's bridal shower tomorrow will be hell
I couldn't get anything accomplishd if I was living at home
Currently eating a blueberry muffin. I don't rewlly like blueberry though. Or muffins. But this is decent
Dear thanks for keeping safe during but you go OVERBOARD on lockdown. The idea is to get everyone out asap.
I feel bad for my roommate because I refuse to sleep in clothes. I will not sacrifice my comfort for hers. Idc, idc
Baby we should hit the south of France!
I'm so cranky all the time lately -_-
I'm in tears with the biggest smile on my face. My little secret is number one on ITUNES with his FIRST song ever. I love you so much.
\"The poet is not any permissive potentate, but is an emperor in his his ownright.\" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
vs pk .
WHY AM I JUST NOW FINDING OUT ABOUT FUELED?! Having a total freak-out-fan-girl moment. Ugh. I need to be there...
True Blood!! So excited for this next hour!
counseled a former big firm associate on the business side of running a solo practice.
Y'all listen to Alexyss K Taylor on YouTube ? Lol y'all should
i woke up at 8 am yesterday and got two hours of sleep
You're Gonna Go Far Kid \/\/ The Offspring\n
Nole looking a little distracted.
Heck yeah jeepers creepers is on
I fucking hate the word bae shut up
I don't wanna know you, why do you wanna know me?
I feel like all I ever do on snapchat is send pictures of my car but he's just so awesome
I see something I haven't seen in a while. The sun!
Yeah if I was Bochy I would want to get tossed too
Even I knew Christian was joking, I know I don't look like kim kardashian, everyone knows I don't look like kim kardashian.
Anisha Loves Me Yo! She Be Fronting Pa Twitter.
It's the freakin weekend \nBaby I'm bout to have me some fun
As long as the outcome is income
A year ago, I was becoming acquainted with one of the most beautiful places I have ever been to &amp; making lifelong friends abroad in Greece
put ur hands in the air and wave them like u just don't care if u didn't study for finals
So I guess I fell off a moving train last night and bumped my head really hard lmao
Thing I'm most looking forward to about this family reunion in Michigan? Coming back to a week of on . Oh, and family 'n stuff
August Alsina is forever making the host on BET look dumb on TV
Eating healthy is so great. The gas that comes with it is not.
I met this french guy today and asked him if he spoke german, he said no so i replied with \"your welcome\"
He really doesn't wanna play this game right now
Yeah, she know; love me cause my ego
This game has me stress eating cookies goddamn
Pero somos vecinos tambien yo cuando voy a RD me quedo en casa de mi mama Por donde esta el colegio mazonico por el parke.
Lebron + - Iguodala = NBA Championship
Soo France vs Germany today .. hmm. This is gonna be a good one.. clash of the football titans kinda shit.
Anyone else realized that beau faves his own tweets bc he has no sweg
I found black angle wings. Who wants to wear them to Pride with me...
Wow average age for Ghana's team is 22
LL Cool J's Doin it Well will always be that song!
I just ordered 15 dollars in Taco Bell and I can't even eat it cause I'm pretty sure I'm gonna throw up
can someone come pack for me?
Fuck did I really miss the fosters? And I didn't even notice? WELL FUCK.
My wish list: I want K-Ci Hailey to pay tribute to Bobby Womack with \"If You Think You're Lonely Now. \"
I want to hire someone to come over to unpack, wash, and hang up all my clothes.
apple should be ashamed at how bad the appletv is, because it's terrible.
Fck the bs pls just leave that shit at the door matter fact leave that shit at home haha
Dating just isn't for me being alone is way easier am I RIGHT
I'm the type of nigga that will call you on the phone and then tell you you talk too much
now watching .... on
Sing along mockingbird you don't affect me
no no no looking for alaska can't become a movie they'll just ruin it and more people will read it no that's not aloud
What's with everyone posting these direct message pictures tonight?
IS THIS HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM?!
Being a comedian is all about timing, when to tell the joke and how the crowd reacts
I just ate gum from a never opened pack of WWF topps trading cards from 1987.
my phone died in the pivotal point of a conversation.....way to go
Nada mas rico que dormir en la tardes *-*
If you don't want me somebody will
If we get lucky we'll make it to Friday
They had their chances, but it will still a good run
vicariously experiencing the life and death tour through 's instagram
Id love to just go off on some people...then I think to myself there not worth the effort and time and I have nothing to benefit from it
I'm really Tryna decide how I can smoke tonight like what this is a joke lmao my mother needs to just realize her child is stuck in 1970
Its really only 3 ppl on my TL
These allergies must have been sent to me by the Devil himself
I always forget is American
Watch Doolittle hit a bomb
35 seconds in
Sooooooo I'm still holding off on my slander lol
While everybody else is getting out of bed\nI'm usually getting in it
unless your dominick cruz or tj please dont fight with hands down and peekaboo in and out style
Stop preaching what you don't practice and start leading by example.
No one like u butter face
The struggle of being bored to death...hmu pls...I'm begging u
How can I tweet that I hate sleeping alone and not sound like a whore?
After everything last week, just watched a car transport truck blow thru a red light in the left hand lane on 13N!
Those very few people you meet in your life and you know you will never be able to live without them.
Omg you Lebron haters have no fucking chill lmao
Crappy go away so we can have some pool fun, and watch awesome tonight. Happy Forth of July - 2014!
Glantz: Informed consent + stories--if your subject is not comfortable, you don't have to use them. They're human.
Could write a book called \"the things hoes say\"
Yo, better be the special guest tonight.
turn yo ugly ass around doe imma cash out nigga
You are beyond amazing. I feel lucky to have the privilege of talking to you almost EVERY minute of the last couple days.You cute I guess.(;
Everybody making money off that \" WAKEUPNOW \"
If Rob Beck wants to talk shit at work, he should be prepared to say it to my face.
We are making home made potato chips and blasting Meatloaf on vinyl. If you're not at our apartment you are missing out.
third eye been on surveillance so watch what you say
Lexie's tweeting like she actually \"knows\" soccer
Mac and Cheese was there for me when I first discovered what munchies were.
JERMAINE MOTHERFUCKING JONES!
I don't even know how I duz diz
Sorry, , but it's not me. It's you. After this morning's SCOTUS ruling, I can't support our relationship anymore. It's over.
Who walked up to me this weekend and told me I had more energy than any other girl on twitter? Lololol
So full and I don't know why
If anyone knows where my family is let me know
Can't deny that I want you but I'll lie if I have to.
I haven't heard gunit anthem in years b... \"Gunit in the house, what nigga what\" I need that
You make me better
perfecting my listening face when someone's explaining something I already know
what do you want slag
\"Mom can I get my ears pierced?\" Mom \"sure do it but you'll totally look gay...\"
I'm going to be a emotional roller coaster when I graduate next year.
Damn Beckerman's hair is so hot *______________*
RIP RIP NIGGA
You take the both of us and were the perfect two
If my parents knew 80% of the stuff I did in high school they'd go crazy. They probably know about 30%... or less forreal
Uno le va a quien uno quiere.. No entiendo cual es el problema! O.o
I'm really scared to see my m&amp;g pic with luke cause I was crying for it.
Don't blow your fingers off today, America.
im just tryna live life the best way I can man fuck you cause most y'all are gonna be irrelevant real soon
Printable DIY planners are so cute!!
TIM HOWARD WILL YOU MARRY ME?!?!
I AM NOT READY FOR TEEN WOLF TM IM STILL NOT EMOTIONALLY OVER ALLISON
Try telling it to your heart
I can't wait to be misty for Halloween
Lol at people saying Los Angeles is a concrete jungle. Ahem. That's NYC. Don't be biting. Get another name lolll.
Finally he changed his icon and header
BUT I'M FINALLY GOING TO BE ABLE TO SPEND TIME WITH GUYS. I JUST HAVE TO WAIT LIKE A MONTH.
That fireball whiskey whispers temptation in my wiener
I just can stop loving you.
Holy crap did I miss third party Twitter apps.
I got one less problem without you
I told this n*gga order out. I ain't cooking after a 12 hr work shift
The weird patriotic wind ensemble music playing at work today is throwing me off.
PEOPLE THIS IS IMPORTANT PLEASE TWEET ASHE IS THINKING OF KILLING HERSELF EVERYONE TWEET HER NICE THINGS PLEASE
Goddamn there's a mosquito bite on my foot. This is not good! Gsjdududn
I will kill everyone who enters my work today
Today's challenge: getting out of the house in this outfit without my mother freaking out. It's completely appropriate, btw.
Best sex scene ive ever seen in a film has to be 300 rise of the empire
Am I the only one confused
Growing a beard to look like Muhammad
\": Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.\" via
I hear fancy by iggy playing at least 4 times a day in my apartment building. Usually with a 5 year old singing along.
Tony is a real one for that lol
Happy birthday guys! Love you both! have fun at camp!
Its hotter than hell's sauna in here. I think I'll just go watch the rest of this match in my room so I can wear minimal clothing.
i like to dream but i don't really need to.
I'm so fucking done &amp; I mean it this time.
Reinventing myself every chance I get
I saw a Springsteen concert once go down to penalty kicks.
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road.
YEAH!!!!! GOAL!!!!! USA! USA! USA!
Like I could see Jennifer Hudson tonight, she did sing here last month. That'd be pretty cool ya know nbd
I met today.... Nice meeting you, you're tweets are very helpful
LOL @ this travel hosts peacing out of Tegucigalpa right away. THIS SUCKS BYE OFF TO THE CARIBBEAN
I met a lot of cool dudes during this trip. Talented dudes, that're striving for the best. Needa surround myself w\/ more people like that
\": If I pass this test, I will give a quarter to every alligator I see\" ill match tht if I pass
ALL THEM CHEAP POPS TONIGHT
When was tattooing me it took like 3 tries to do her autograph on me haha
Pop like a balloon cause ass too fat
I only ever want what I can't have. certain things I do not have a need for.
If I was told I'm gonna die in the next 5 minutes I'd delete so much shit off my phone bruh
We should have a national French fries day and eat french fries all day
Maybe it's the hipster in me talking but I don't rave because a bunch of fags do it now because it's \"in\". But that's none of my business
Can't depend on another nigga
Im so annoyed I wanna rip someone's head off .
I ain't asking for much, just someone to talk to.
Lol that bald dude painted his head
I named Ash and now I see is down..
\": *insert Kermit picture here*\" loll at least somebody got it
i should've listened
But it's working now so I guess that's ok??
How odd that \"Thinking About A Girl\" would show up on my shuffle right now.
Ima catch you slipping and rock your shit
While Dustin was eating toubers as
it's less than ideal when you find out at 7pm that you have a paper due by midnight after 8 hours in the car.
If eight or more of your texts go unanswered, like take the fucking hint. I don't wanna talk to you.
Sam Smith voice is on a another level. One of a kind.
Costa Rica wins great game by Greece
i was cryin on saturday night
I was in a horrible mood until I started watching . Best show ever.
You are such a huge hypocrite, it's actually disgusting. You're not better than any of us, so stop acting like your some royal bitch.
MARINA KNOCKED OVER MY CHOCOLATE MILK
got three hours of sleep but what else is new
It isn't me acting that way...
\"People who shine from within don't need spotling\".
I'm not the type to call you back tomorrow, but the way you wrappin round' me is a prob
alex is so cute omg
When's the caprisun and orange wedge break?
Mmm... the smell of urine, hot dogs, sewage, and pigeons... I must be in
You know what to do with that big fat butt, Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.
Ginobli bangin on you? Game's over.
You faker than some sweet n low
Why is this line 2 miles long?
I still fucking rep it and tombradyforpresident
Your not the last thing on my mind ...
I guess i just miss always having someone to talk to
my pops doesn't pay my bill I'm charging his card for everything
I can't stop looking at the poster, I'm super excited.
I just felt personally attacked by someone's about on twitter
I need to see Deliver Us From Evil because the preview made me die
Beach again tomorrow.. My skin color will be a different race
I hate when people say \"Free My Nigga\" and shit like that. If you do shit to where you get locked up obviously you belong there...
super duper bored. need to find a friend fast.
\": Nobody really got you, but you.\" RT
thank you for the 2 years you spent trying to make me a gentlemen. I will never forget you. I'm honestly sorry I couldn't be what you needed
Lindsay is the biggest asshole she made me leave cold stones because the line was out the door so she can get food in the buffet
All is right in the world. is back for a record tying 17th Tour De France appearance.
Nothing's better than the American style bud heavys..
Going to clean this apartment spotless, once I get off my lazy butt lol
There's a Bob Schneider album for every season
good thing my voice is completely gone and I can't laugh at anything cause it hurts
It's not about,win or lose,because we all lose,when they feed on the souls of the innocent,blood-drenched pavement
I cannot wait for my trip!!
Happy 4th of July everyone. Enjoy this disgusting day
I want these 5 week go by fast to go back to the FUNK
THE COME BACK IS REAL
being an asshole won't solve your problems
On your machine I slurred a plea for you to come home
Lindsey just got very upset with me for talking to her over twitter and not texting her
Oh wait full house is on!
MANU MANU MANU
Is there something inside me that I don't see?
I need to start saving my money.
I should wear my mouth guard when I sleep again
Let's get stoned and watch The Holy Mountain.
Starting tomorrow I am 100% dedicated to dropping at least 25 pounds, no matter what it takes
I just cried because of the episode of Hannah Montana when her horse like almost dies what is my life
Seriously have no idea what got into you now ..
I DONT THINK ABOUT YOU ANYMORE CAUSE MEMORIES OF YOU ARE LIKE A TREADMILL IM NOT GETTING ANYWHERE
almost home and all i wanna do is edit my video ughdndkdkdsnkxdj
Just took the lift in my hotel with Courtney Love. Pretty normal day. &amp;grove
It's only 10 AM... ugh why am I up?
Jk I can't go out or go home with anyone I got a curfew come on now
\"That's it\" those were her only words... NAHHHHH she's plotting.
Dear Parents:\nRefs are not like waiters. We neither need not want tips.\n
moi jvais faire une option en langue
Jesse McCartney is still the bae # sincemiddleschool
No ok I'll take away my boredness some other way lmao
Left my iced coffee in the car and it turned to hot coffee....
shocker, i actually did my hair.
Someone come over and watch silence of the lambs with me pleaders
My mom leaves tomorrow and I'm going to cry please don't make me say goodbye to this hotel bed made of bliss
Alguno de estedes de los q stan viejos y no van pa la noche de sj deberian buscarme al airport
Bush did want to open IRAN's embassy in Washington.
If someone's awake pls text I'm bored
Jelena isn't comfortable with her parents?! Oooooo.
Well played Greece! You deserved it. But, oh well.
A tornado flew around my room before you came excuse the mess it made it usually doesnt rain in southern california much like arizona.....
Relax my mind \nTill it's do or die
Everytime I tweet about abs or exercise or something, and twitter fitness account always favorites it
Half the fuckin song is censored what's the point?
Unusual love it or list it, it's usually a family of 4, about time they did something different. Love David's second choice!
This game needs to end alreadyyyy
It baffles me that Shannon would think heather would know anything about an email her husband sent her lol
My eyes are the only thing I don't want to take off of you
If I can go back to last summer I wish I did more shit...and I wish I talked to less people
Really wish you'd respond more than once every hour
PRIDE WEEKEND SET AND FAIR DAY SET. LIFE IS AMAZING.
\": Don't be a smartass unless you're actually smart. Otherwise you're just being an ass.\"
I've waited about two years to follow and I don't regret it. His twitter picture is Brier Rabbit, DUDE!
Come on make it easy, say I never mattered.
Planet Fitness is totally the judgement free zone. That is, unless you lift in short shorts.
K end rant I'm done w talking about edm for the night
I like when money makes a difference but doesn't make you different.
\"Why are you spending so much time on the body? Aren't you just going to draw clothes over it?\"\n\".....................................FUCK.\"
GENTE E AS ASAS ALI ATRAS
Summer models in the Syracuse area needed must RT and Follow for a chance to enter for a chance to make it on the website!
A SNITCH NIGGA THATS THAT SHIT I DONT LIKE
Our Summer Day Camp &amp; B-Fit Camp kicks off next week! Help us spread the word to culturally, physically, and in our community!
Don't come for me unless I send for you
Goaaaaaaaal! USA! USA! USA!
This is why championships don't mean shit, best player got destroyed by the best team
Ohh how I wish I had a game tonight to clear my mind
In fact I hate the Yankees but I wanted to see the stadium
... come into training camp with every opportunity to win jobs.
watch me work
Tim Howard looks like a bad man with that beard
I feel like I have more personality online than in person. Lol
Great goal! So much speed and control. Great effort!!
Thankful 4 my nose
Estar disfrutando de cosas bakanes sin la persona q uno ama no es tan bakan.
When in doubt, just punch them in the back. Classic Cameroon.
Also, either , , Brooke, or I will be on Jimmy Kimmel tonight. Either way it's foul. Watch! Only ABC.
\"The saloons of Hebry C. Ramos were famous for the gin fizzes shaken by a busy bevy of shaker boys.\"
Sutton Foster was incredible, along with everyone else in the show.
Moral of the story, don't do bath salts.
One min call us baby, next min call us crazy, niggas but on that bullshit bitch ass niggas
Imma have you first always, in my head to keep you satisfied
I be coming on twitter at the weirdest times b
Feels good to do you when you want to without answering to anybody.
So glad I have my boyfriend &amp; aunties. My escape from all the drama
Nothing beats a good PB&amp;J every once in a while.
Bishop and cas the same different person
Treat you like my hustle, you know Ill be on that all day
killing bugs = hours of endless fun in the Terry household
lil bow wows team would have done better
Worst fucking week ever
Can I still get a free hat ?
But really what do I do today
I love Kalenna &amp;&amp; Tony's relationship
I never realized just how much of NYC is small business until now. Fucking everything is closed lol
df is there to do in new Rochelle
I could do it tomorrow.
Cassidy should just stop making music and just chill accepting the fact that he's a Philly rap street legend
Voy hacer un coro con el el Domingo
WHY ARE PEOPLE SO FUCKING STUPID IN HORROR MOVIES
in a way edc and the post \"depression\" has put so much into perspective for me.
I know nothing about anything but I have more common sense than Emily and that makes me happy
Ronaldo bb I don't think.....no
..Good Morning Beautiful People, Have a Great day! Make it a day! XOXO :)
The Word of The LORD is and The Name of The LORD is my strongtower!
and the rain begins! perfect way to end my night
Andrew mal ily guys call me let's have lunch xo
im far but i still wanna come out i thought you said u wasn't going over there nomore u be siding but sativa just told me to come
What time the awards come on at 8?
I'm 20x nicer now than I was this time last year
Typical Sunday night consisting of my parents making me watch house hunting shows
last day of calm before the caps start breaking down the dryline...
Rev run disowned JoJo and only claims Diggy, huh?
Sorry I like u but I just watched u tell her business last week.
You hear \"knock it off Brandon\" atleast once every day in my house
I hate asking my mother to go to certain places b.
Di Maria makes the rabona look so easy
Basketball will stress you out more than any girl could if you take it serious,
All my life I been afraid of powder all my life I been afraid of power where did all that go?
Last day in NY for a good long time. Bittersweet but I won't miss today's humidity. On to the next adventure
working out to psytrance will leave you not ok
Have heard such good things! About to see Fly By Night starring and Peter Friedman.
Colby jack. A mild biracial cheese.
Hate waking up in the middle of the night
He's German but that's ok
Saw at last Saturday. STILL the Piano Man. Incredible show!
white wine is the best I want some
So foggy! We're driving in kinto clouds
Has anyone visited the Robert C Byrd Memorial Defecation Center in West Virginia?
Food poisoning or stomach flu... Either way this is the worst
Give them the act right when they act up. Simple.
that moment when you start having an asthma attack while is signing but you just ignore it because he's that good
Sherlock is ruining my life.
Why ya gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too?
Burj Khalifa in Dubai..wonderful pic of the entire empire!!
gonna delete my snapchat till
this'll be one of the worst weeks of my life
I mean granted omgz we wuz harrably outplayd al sereez!!!11 but this series is just a joke
Nos I got the case of Heineken
Back on the road to Massachusetts
\"Fuckingf cops r faggots\" alex ur dads a cop
\"As you reaching your goals, you gon' meet you some foes.\"
Can we have a moment of silence for the end of Lauren and Kiyomi's relationship? But seriously...
Gooo !! Ghanna
Can't even hear the Bettman over the boos. Kudos, Philadelphia
I could either get a few hours of sleep or watch Trailer Park Boys all night...
Everyone I work with is going bananas over the goal lol
Name a fuckin song I ain't threw up on
Bad Bitch come to my crib, il handle my bidness
Everything is complete and done with doing any work for high school ever again!!!!
Uhm, OMG this first scene of True Blood last night. The conversation that never happened... I will miss this show.
Imagine you're just cooking some food and BAM you automatically feel like Satan spit on you ugh
Mad Sounds \/\/ AM
Gooooaaaaaallllll! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goooooaaaalllll!!!!!!
ANOCHE EN EL MAXI-BALONCESTO DE DAJABON 2K14 EL EQUIPO DE EMPATO LA SERIE SEMI FINAL B 2-2 AL DERROTAR LOS
It's been a long time since I've felt like this.
One thing that will make my birthday better would be a win by THE United States of America and show the world who runs this WORLD!!
A summer fling seems nice
ITS SO HOT OUTSIDE
Everyone's running around like crazy and I'm just like Idc I'm breaking out in hives making no money.
if only you truly cared for my feelings.
I hope you understand.Cast not your pearls before the swine. I want Cynthia Fontenot and m.d hill out of my business
jacobs selfie game is too strong
If I ever got on an un-air conditioned car on the G Train after waiting for a late train I would completely lose my shit.
\": Where's a Latina that can cook lemme slide thru for some burritos &amp; tacos yo\"
That was the best run I have had in foreverrrrr.
I been on the kixxie siete station on pandora for half an hour and none of his songs have played yet
I think professional soccer players fall and whine more than P.K. Subban
I'm abt to go to my moms
The Phillies don't like playing at home. that's not a good thing.....
So my grandpa tells me, \"You know kid, you're not bad looking. In the dark you must be beautiful.\"
How the hell my body wake up at this time is it really 7am....
TONIGHT meet at \nDouble Rock Baptist Church \n1595 Shafter Ave \nSan Francisco, California 7Pm
Pea know what she lookin for at the crib
I wanna go on a long ass walk 2mm
THE BOOK REVIEWERS AT THE NEW YORK TIMES ARE ILLITERATE!
\": Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.\"
The fact that Marc said I am son is kinda scary...lol
He said he'll slug me Lololololololol
there ya go Demps
Again I'm sucked in by Catfish...
I rather be an o'keefe them an o'connor
Hahaahahahah I love the Big Bang theory
Earth Queen...sounds like a bitch lol.
\": Fuck the stars bruh wassup with the fault in our justice system\"
Ain't nothing more important than chicks that act their age
I want to race through the Nyc parade screaming 'It doesn't haven't to be his way! You can relax now!'
Orange is the New Black and noodles yas
That Kermit the frog shit is perfect for you hatin ass bitches
Runz company RT : A _________ of Unilag babes?
Why does it have to rain.
Why try when I know it's not going to happen!
Why don't more people call today Independence Day? We don't say \"Happy 25th of December!\" On Christmas?!
Joseline said she was stingy wit her kitty kat and I believed her...... smh
Dont forget to highlight your penciled in eyebrow
It ain't nothing to cut that bitch off
bring on the French! Let's go Germany!
This fool talking about 1 year\/$3M for LeBron. When you are under the cap you can use the FULL MLE. These are supposed INSIDERS?
Idk I hope that's me
I really do enjoy building stuff but I feel like Xcode is a real bottleneck sometimes.
Lol idk , I just wouldn't feel right messing with somebodies who's in a relationship.
It's 6:03 and the stream didn't start yet smh... At leeway fix ur servers so I can play in the meantime..
\": on VAMP CITY... right now. Bout to give us 16 bars. \" GOOD SHIT!!
I will stand my ground and wait on it
Jesse Chavez's breaking ball is NASTY
what tf is my mans doing
Feliz Dia Izemos Con Orgullo Patrio El Tricolor Nacional En Honor Al
TEXAS BORN. TEXAS MADE. Clint Demspey!
Now I know I defiantly made the right decision
It's stupid that horsepower is still a unit if measurement
It's like ghostown at Skyline. Fucking hate this place
Someone drive me to Los gatos and I'll buy you dinner and gas money ?:)
Schoolboy Q and Domo genesis concert at central park on wednesday. Shits gonna be so turnt
About to watch SYTYCD groups during finals of callbacks.
Looks like everyone is in their box tonight..
Goddamn I've never seen someone break a person's ankles like that in soccer
Got an open seat in the jeep tomorrow going offroading, who wants to come
I want to watch The Fault in Our Stars right now but I don't want to watch it alone
\": Guys in skinny sweatpants make me uncomfortable\" LOL bon jovis
Everyone here is dressed the same lmfao
Could you say congrats 2 Alyssa Martinez and the graduating class of East Brunswick HS? We watch everyday
I really hope I'm the only one this time
Short girl with that fat ass
i have a thing for males that look androgynous, i also have a thing for Poles
I'm on the plane got to enjoy a slice of that NY pizza before I got on bye New York see us in 2 months
I saw Dempsey during the national anthem and was like this dude is going to take a shit on Ghana
I miss you. The old you. The new one sucks.
The rum tum tugger dance is so sexual and fun and
I complained about being sore to my mom and instead of getting a nice loving massage she is making me go on another run lol
i will never fuck wit a Bitch who be banging hoods &amp; shit fuck around &amp; get niggas popped &amp; shit
Nothing's shocked me more than attacking Scoliosis ALF with his own crutches.
Gotta go get this money again.. Early morning shifts whaddup..
People who wear sunglasses Inside. Is it always sunny in douche bag vill ? Take them off yu tool
I pretty sure I'm most excited to see at vidcon kdksjdsjs
All imma be doing this summer is perfecting my craft.....
I need a job. Please. Someone. Help.
Dirt in my eyes, cause why the hell not duh
Halftime in the -game, still 0-0. Should be a pretty tasty second half, with the group up for grabs.
Germany to the Semi Finals. .. I mean what's a world cup without the germans..
It's hot af in my house
Like is that even normal? Don't think soo
Lol all I listen to is lorde not sure how I feel about it
Now I can't watch the USA game because of CALC 2 HOMEWORK!!
I ran out of sugar so if someone wants to bring me some, I would appreciate it.
Because if this is the life, this is the life, this is the life, this is the life, this is the life...\nThen who'd argue
I deadass been in traffic for like 2 fuckin hours !
The lake was perfect and days like these I just feel really lucky to be alive
Awesome series against the Rockies, Giants bullpen.
all these guys look cooked, soft dribblers in the PK shootout!
How y'all like Kevin Gates ? How ?
I only come on here to vent or speak my mind or be nosey ... Bull shit
En route to pick up addy !! See you soon
It's the 4th of July: Too bad the doctrine of Separation of Church &amp; State no longer has any practical meaning.
I'm gunna b irritated tmmrw afternoon when i wake up late
Check out ESPN 2 at noon for tge hot dog eating contest.
She a devil in a dress
Ain't ever too late to go out &amp; do something
I need to learn how to not complain about everything
\"he doesn't even care he's such a pimp\"
I love Clint. I love America.
Sir, the fact that you're jolting down 7th Ave with a ski mask-like head dress on and a beaten up duffle bag is kinda concerning me
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE EE.UU EE.UU 1 GHANA 0
LET'S GET ONE THING STRAIGHT, DON'T YOU FUCKING DARE MAKE FUN OF ME WHEN I HAD THE GREATEST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
I want to go on a date to a MLB game :)
I swear I have to be up for work in 3 1\/2 hrs
i cant look at toudou without thinking of tracey
I can't do this anymore how the fuck did all these bugs get in here
The art of letting things go is that you will find it is necessary to do so, simply for the reason that they are heavy.
.I have one, I train trolls, welcome to my school....
Just filed my first piece in, well, a long time. Keep your eyes peeled.
I need a bitch to go to the gym with everyday
I can't seem to access that user. Block for having an offensive name?
I forgot how much I adore Kristin
I just fucked up so bad
How u cook dressing?... Latry and his shenanigans
Popping pills in the lobby and prey they don't find her naked
The new sportscenter is so ugly. If it ain't broke don't fix it.
I like to test people to see if they truly are what they say they are
LeBron and udonis haslem the only ones who deserve to be angry
Thank god I recorded the Bet awards cos I'm not gone be able to watch it messing around with my granny
On lot remark,yo tout renmen Lupita. \"She is flawless\"
MJ MJ MJ MJ MJ MJ MJ
L5 days 11-12 48% +4.5u flat units
Spotify while on the drive home. Rather be on the beach though!
Niggas talk bad about \"thots\" but look for \"thots\" when they want some pussy
That was the best game I have ever been to even though we lost. I cannot put that into words. This is one amazing team
KEVIN HART FUNNIER THAN CHRIS ROCK??! YEAHHHH RIGHTTTTT you guys are brainwashed
My life just started, just a 19 year prologue
\/logs onto Twitter for hockey news\n\/feed flooded with nonsensical soccer blabber\n\/logs off Twitter\n\/caries on with life
European kid no older than 13 just ordered a cappuccino
If I'm your friend and haven't threatened your significant other I probably don't love you tbh
if you don't like usher I don't like you lmao
I just wanna go for a ride
I used to think players were so hot...until that started biting ppl! Never mind! Dem dudes are cray!!
GoodMorning Mentions For Mentions For Follow No FollowBack=(Strangers Welcome)(StatePropertyFans Welcome)(RocNations Fans
This work shit really gets in the way
\"Thank you for taking care of me.\"
Any of you going to the party tomorrow?
Papai no whatsapp. Que figura &lt;3
\": THe weeknd X SCHOOLBOY Q X JHENE AIKO.... THis fall\" K
My apps are all updated omg it only took two weeks
finally working on my moosh and twist video, i only get super creative at 230am haha
Chicharito gonna seal the deal today.
And I'm like yaaaaaa everything u herd is true everybody know I'm hung up on u
Love from the Underground
That green apple Smirnoff was too tasty. I want anotha.
I need some Advil pm or something. If I don't get to sleep soon, i may sleep through the sound of our loud ass pager.
Maybe with a finger on the trigger to my dear Juliet.
If you have a laptop and a mouse, you should play Osu! It's pretty challenging and cool lol
Vintage Jeter. Foul off 11 pitches and then poke a single between first and second
Now J train, u be good today k?
Gotta kill it while im living
Today is yet another day when every single person I've spoken to has annoyed me immensely
PHARRELL LOW KEY CHANGED HIP HOP
This summer is going to be fucking amazing
I haven't been on my twitta in too long!
Kanye is at the top of the game with Drake and Kendrick? I think he is
Miami's put together boy band is done
Just call me fucking Sherlock Holmes.
\": All I want is you.\"
Nice touch with
why do you get my hope up like that .
Did you see that play tho ?!
Don't you just love when you wake up early with no problem because you were excited for the day to begin???
I go back to Florida tomorrow and I'm so sad I don't wanna go back at all
life get hard everyday ....-_-..... I swear
Oh my darling, stand by me.
USA vs Germany is a game you CANNOT miss. A sin actually, if you do.
Baby come back you can blame it all on meeeeee
France XI vs. Germany: Lloris; Debuchy, Varane, Sakho, Evra; Cabaye, Matuidi; Valbuena, Pogba, Griezmann; Benzema.
Can we just go 5 minutes without an injury or an exaggerated injury please
So who trynna go roller skating tonight?
How awesome is it having people that not only want to see you do well, but are chasing ambitions of their own. My type of people man.
Had to deal with 750 incoming freshmen hoes last year, have to deal with a 1,000 more this year.
I'm gonna root for an under dog
This guy wants to be me son.. smh
Currently at the top of the Ferris wheel in toys r us in NYC
Also sent me the greatest text ever while I was at work. I love her and
First ever Yanks sox game, Jeters 2-2. I'm satisfied.
Yugi Moto just pulled some fuckboi shit
I can't decide whether to keep cutting my hair or let it grow again lol
Isn't it funny how u understand wat people r tryin to say a year after they say it!!! :-D
Love my team
Oscar's nosy ass son needs to move! Like why are you snooping around somebody else house?
I never get bored of Netflix.
Ugh that's so unfortunate for Altidore
The amount of bugs that flew into my nose and mouth while i was mowing the lawn are probably equivalent to 500,000
Been watching vines for the past hour cause I have no life
...due to the fact there was a lot of traffic and I \"handled it well\" lmfao
Beasley all shook up like he just got his lunch money stolen.
My TV is broken - all the players shoes are weird florescent colors - can't seem to adjust it
smt dont tell me that
I'm ghetto. My kool aid need mo shugaa
Shorty Shorty by Xtreme used to be my jam!
A baby's laughter is one of the most beautiful sounds you will ever hear. Unless it's 3am. And you're home alone. And you don't have a baby.
Tim Howard is a beast!!!! USA!!!! USA!!!!!
Andria \/\/ La Dispute \n\none of my favorite songs.. so fucking good
Yeah it does get old so now you know what it feels like don't you.
This weather proves it... I miss the rain.
I just snatched defeat from the jaws of victory
Javi gets to meet my fav Uncle tomorrow. Hopefully all goes well.
About to catch a smoking sessh w alicia &amp; her boyfriend
SPIDER GET OUT OF MY BATHROOM NOW YOU ARENT WELCOME HERE
My mom feels the need to stop every Irish person she hears in the city and have convos w them
Next round, we blindfold the players.
Mad I couldn't go to pride in NY
Why is Dominican like the only college without an orientation before you move in ? Lmao
Sometimes I actually second guess myself on if you are joking with me or if your jokes aren't just jokes and you are actually serious..
I don't really see you sticking around for long.
I seriously fell asleep for a little bit at the concert again
Bent over to pick up cookie... Ripped my dress
i just want your attention
It smells like teen spirit.
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss we tied it yessssssssssssssssssss
People giving their \"pets\" away on Craigslist are just pure shit.
I used to dance on rooftops in LA and flirt with men from around the globe. Now I read books and wait for my niece to poop!
Talking to adan, man has it been that long
Text message from Jude \nAnd about Olivia !! \n
Fuck age talk crazy better get right
Love feeling like I'm on top of the world
So as soon as I start to use the vector there is rumors of them nerfng fuck my life
I don't know where all you men are from but I see you and I'm not mad.
Tbh no bc idk just because haha
Don't you hate when you cry so much your eyes hurt a lot.
Not even blast bears coulda care Valerie June. This must be what we use to brek terrorists in Gitmo.
i push people away for reasons.
Home of the Brave, who protect the Land of the uninformed or clueless more like \"sure government do what you want. Murica!\"
Done wit high school tomorrow... Leavin the past behind me and moving on to bigger and better things
I always put artists high on pedestals &amp;expect too much for the next album but is the 1st exceed my expectations
&amp;&amp; I just don't care lol.
Like a fireball fighting through it all. I'm unstoppable! THIS IS THE LIFE I CAN FEEL IT!
I got some weird ass new followers some young ass niggas
Turn up on ya pussy ass
Wish for one night with a sexy Puerto Rican chica and some bomb ass empanadas.
Every little thing you do got me feeling some type of way
All this shit isn't gunna matter in 6 months.
Get to see tommy tomorrow :D
Ohhhh get the fuck over it
Why did the tweet fail? They harped on win vs lose, falling deaf ears for 1\/2 the fans, instead of using global insight
I feel like K&amp;K check in with AmyG a lot more when the game is crappy... No CSNBA director we don't appreciate the distraction
K fuck you thunder, just jumped out of my bed from that one
Hoping for a solid showing at World Cup by Bosnia-Herzegovina for Ognjen Kuzmic's sake, but they're gonna need results in next 2 to move on
My novela is on
TL is all about \"body counts\" .. what's the big obsession with these numbers? I don't get it.
wow going out east and still didn't get my fucking beta update.....
My dad lil fried muffin head ass walking around in the middle of the night
Ahora resulta que eres mas que los demas
And Beto just stood there watching it go in
It's between New York and Chicago. Carmelo has to decided is about winning or is it about money?
He might get mad but he is a solider lol he can suck it up
Happy birthday !! You're my fave have a great bday love you!
Your heart makes you do things at the moment, but your mind makes you think about it later
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Fingers crossed Friday I get I see my babe. I miss him so much.
Fault in our stars was tooo goood
Dont do it grandad , dont feed her!
Hating my car bcuz the only thing it can play is the radio and i can't even listen to most of the radio stations -_________-t
I hellllllllllllla miss hooping bruh. Cant wait till next month
pretty sure i can lay in my towel forever
All I want is a normal life. And that is something that I haven't had in nearly two years.
Some of yall girls still on the GIRL stage ... Yall need to start becoming a women
Back to back HR!!
Might not have my license till August. Looks like I'll be single for a lil minute!
Most Jewish rituals involve wine. I prefer to use really good beer.\n- Tonight's musical rabbi\n
Being in NYC for July 4th is about be turnt like shit smh.
Called it they are berserkers
So you're telling me that your leg naturally goes straight above your head when you go for a header. Bullshit. At least a yellow there.
This would be a great time to have Donovan
Grown man in suit licking his cookie on the subway. NY:1 JB:0
America.. Kickin ass and takin names since 1776.. Happy 4th everyone !!
I hate not knowing what to do
All I wanted to do tonight was tool around but me and Kri were drinking today so that wasn't an option lol
This episode of true life is awful. I feel so bad for this girl.
Golll carajo Bosnia que se puede!!!
Pharrell had 24 videos for this song , all an hour each. He deserved it off rip just for that
If i get up from my bed and my pools still not clear, someones getting hurt
It's either sweatpants or no pants
I ruin my own life looking at all these cute clothes on insta.
That meme is fucking hilarious to me
\"When I grow up to be a man \" by the beach boys is playing at the mall! sweet
A girl asked of she could make out with me so I said yes
Braces work wonders...you should try them
History Happens Here
No control Fuck Ken Lamar. Fuck you Kendrick!!!
\"Things change buddy\" \nOh... Thanks man
There's probably like three people that I really really really care about
Things I wonder on the train... Do active verified accounts get notifications to their phones?
Jesus gotta draft some new singers yo
Woah the ending of KB2 is so deep and profound
All these people having a fun summer and I'm pretty sure mines already over
Boom! A's win. Best record in the bigs (it's early, I know) and I'm almost on vacation!
I honestly used to hate my hair and now I love it, its apart of me.
Not to take anything away from these players, but I could score from that close.
IBIZA HERE WE COME\n\nin 2.5 monthz
Fuck you ! Had Howie been assaulted &amp; spoke his mind like you would have given him a raise!
The monster ficou show remixado bem melhor que a original so acho
Bring your love, baby, I could bring my shame.
So is J. kidd's legacy tarnished now? I guess it is from a stand point.
It sucks that my crib lacks so much munchies
There's like a 5% a goalie saves a PK this is kinda stupid.
there's just something so admirable about a boy with a good head on his shoulders
I love talking to you everyday
this is quite difficult for me
I have to take the medical papers in so I can get this job already
Headed to work so I can get off early to watch the vs match. Go !
I've had impeccable train timing today. Thank the gods!
so today every person living in America decides to be patriotic about their country sweet
We're looking for something dumb to do
Bagel and ice coffee so lawngeyeland
99 problems n you won't be one
Farrah Abraham is HANDS DOWN the worst singer\/person that I've ever listened to\/heard of
Doctors say I'm the illest cause I'm suffering from realness.
I was told the right things.
Eder,Portugal's own version of Prince Tagoe akoa asa!!!
Damn look at all the USA fans getting hyped af
Never feel like doing my own hair
Lost my temper there my bad.
I sometimes don't like the L train
I wish I was a only child, I wonder how different my life would be.
Like you told us you even like chemistry gtfo
Can I just be a Kardashian already?
If life brings you lemons\nBring margarita too\ncause we can totes make lemonita
Sometimes I wish I knew how to do hair, makeup, and dress a certain way but hey, I never had anyone to show me that lifestyle.
it's so fucking hot in my room
22 Jump street with the little sister in the most weirdest movie theather.... lol....
I'm getting forced to try and sleep bc I have no charger access where I'm sleeping at. Yyaaaaayyyy
Haha I can't get over this whole weekend. Much needed
I'll pay someone 200$ to watch me knock this nigga out tbh
If I'm not working , im spending money ..
Ain't going to practice tomorrow Fuck that shit I need a break from had The team except Angie,T,Red&amp; only ppl I can put up w\/
Lemme come around and boost your confidence.
Already over work &amp; I still have like 3 &amp; a half more hours xc
Why am I not on the beach?
USAAAAAAA MERICA BITch
Born a real nigga , imma die a goon .
matt healy is the reason for my existence
*Dad is drunk and comes in my room*\n\nHim: Elexus wanna know a secret?\n\n*wtf does this nigga want*\n\nHim: I made you \n\nOkay dad
Fifth, Fourth, Michele, Maris, kayo na lang ang pag-asa ko. Haha!
Wow I told my \"friend\" Miguel I was hungry so he facetimes me eating burgers. Like ok I'm not about to die from starvation or anything
Resisting the urge to go ham on some dumbass commentors. Fuck them. It's 4:34am. Let me beat my meat and go to sleep already.
I feel like a tourist when I visit different parts of Jersey
I trip to Much, lemme Calm down before I go bizaaaark on Him.
Nigga said i don't wanna roll a L wtf mmg
A new friendship closely resembles a breathe of fresh air.
Let me download IHeart radio to my phone.
Ok fuck this game I'm out. I won't sleep tonight now.
World War Z is actually a good movie .
I look ratchet and I don't even know how I got to work on time
HE TWEETED IT YAAASSSSS
STILL PISSED ABOUT BERNARD'S IN CASE YOU WERE WONDERING.
What are the rules of a penalty shootoff?
She sucked me off don't kiss that BITCH
Round 2 scores from Wednesday will get posted on here soon. Round 2 action also continues on Thursday!
My dad is talking about moving here. Like no.
Turn down for what comes on &amp; Stef's 10 year old cousin goes \"wow I love this song\"
I only took like 5 bites from my food, that's how sad I am
Clint Dempsey's rap \"it's poppin\" is not that bad
. . It's on. (Live tv pause!)
Fuck remember clickhole
CAM IS NOT GOING TO FUCKING CALL YOU. HOE SHUT THE FUCK UP
embarking on entourage
KRHV 301456Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 22\/13 A2984
If u call ur lover boo fukcin unfollow me rn
My stomach hurt from that liquor last night
I have no one but myself
Hate when girls sing from their nose.. You sound like u cant breathe.
Now that we display Gifs on Twitter...this is my new favorite account
I just saw a commercial featuring This makes me very happy.
Pacha going hard on 97.9 lol
Just keeps replaying over &amp; over in my head
Wishing that this bread that I'm silently stuffing myself with was better tasting cause its the only thing going making me feel ok right now
Its cold asf in Santa Cruz
Super pumped to see the founding members united! Amy Poehler and I go way back ;)
It sucks when you know you don't stand a chance but still lead yourself on anyway.
Trying to drop hints to bae
I have an outfit ready for the 4th of July but NOWHERE to GO !
The upside of moving; I \"have to\" finish all this bourbon...
Every pig looks better with some lipstick.
Wtf is happening outside rn. My god it's pouring like crazy
i would say go to hell but i never want to see your ass again
late night convos are the best
I would get ready but it's 7:30 and I don't feel like seeing people
this gay parade is causing traffic and the whole NYPD
This guy seriously needs to come wife me up instead
Dont be afraid to hmu\nIn a good mood
ITS HITTING ME SO HARD THAT YOUR NOT OUR LITTLE SECRET ANYMORE
When it come to stunting I'm like money man Mitch!
El vacilon be the boost in the morning
I literally have to be the only one that goes and buys 75 lbs of pet food at this hour
Me and my mom both don't know how to spell anything and it's a real struggle
Don't get me wrong I like social media as much as the next person..but some of you seem like you have no home training. *sigh*
Smh I was tryna look all cute and shit.
Wow the US got away with a clear foul in the box. Verrrrrry lucky
I'm very sad 2 hear that Lucky Cheng's will b closing this Sat...was part of their group for the Pride parade in the 90's..pic when I find
or before this week is up
Where are folks watching v today?
Diggin my Profile pic,why didn't i just upload this one instead
in two weeks!!
Doge 2018: such president - so platform - wow
Day 4 Dare to Stand Strong : Where ever my feet are standing, I'll show self-control!! Not procrastinating is a form of self control! :)
My ass is the only thing keeping me from having my pants fall to my ankles. Lol
It's not just Twitter. My phone thinks I am in San Francisco. But I'm not. I swear. I'm on Division St. \n\nRight? Right?
I hate when people snapchat me what they put on there story...like no I'm not going to respond
The last time I spent any significant time in a city I was in Greece so all these signs in English are a little disconcerting
.big day comin up, sure you want 2go thru with it? It's not 2 late to make a run 4 Mexi..Oh wait. Well played
USA seriously needs to work on keeping possession better. Ghana is an easy team to beat but you can't give up possession to Italy or England
Some girl named, \"Ashley Midden\" changed her Facebook status to: \"In a relationship with: Danny Fappiano
Watched the LEGO movie last night; can't get that song out of my head; don't really mind :|
Diganleee que sigo enamorada, cuentenle que me hace tanta faltaaa
My brothers got me doing workouts with him that he did in the hall holy fucccck.
every time i see this 1 person's snapchats or tweets i get super angry at that person and i dont know why
10 am open on Sundays is pretty much torture
I hate when people send me a snapchat but it goes on there story also
Take a chance you stupid ho
The A's Will Win. End Of Story
What a great start
My dad &amp; one of his brothers are the darkest out of there siblings. They prolly adopted!
U gotta chase dreams....and make them into reality
THIS IS A NAILBITER
true. hence, the reason stopped.
I'm dropping out of school and quitting all sports to follow my dream of a PRO pool player!
I've had better service at a gas station
\": you soon realize who's real and who's fake.\"
naturally curly hair but I'm gonna curl it anyway cause that makes sense
So you wouldn't see your favorite dj if it was an all age show...
I'm not saying nothing the whole game lmao
He don't need to hit you up. Tf.
Im really gonna miss everyone going to memorial .. But im still getting AC so
are you in a twerk team with girls on vine?
HA HA HA HA burn in hell.
I wanna clean my car but I'd rather get a nap in before my next doctor appointment.
Attention: Denver Girls\nDO NOT DATE a cheapskate like this BYOB boy, Bronco T.J. Ward\nTook his own bottle into a strip club \nAVOID Ladies
Wtf is that
This was a good game!
We don't have time to be sorry so baby be the life of the party
i sound like i always have a stuffy nose it sucks!!!
Ill be live with !! I have tickets forsale for 20$!! Hmu
SFXIX Wednesday Divsion Wk1 Ln1-3 Men &amp; a Baby, formerly Whiskee Rebellion, beat The Skeemosexuals 933-832
Why do people think it's acceptable to use a speakerphone in a public place -like on line in supermarket?
I really don't get out enough.
Alright bitch I get it, you slutty.
Shes freaky and she knows it
Watching on BET. Very interesting, the 3rd installment .
\"The Ultimate Authority\" Must Rest With The Individual's Own Reason And Critical Analysis. Dalai Lana
Fuck I love being an American
A Christian Republican \": 16. On a scale of Gandhi to Christian, how judgemental are you?\"
I couldn't be more disgusted to read that the have placed a call to Brad Richards
Lots of people will be shame eating hummus tonight.
it's 9 pm and I'm beyond ready go bed
US NEEDS TO SCORE 10 MORE GOALS FOR JOZY
It's not gonna feel right without the Senior Class that's graduating now, next year.
it's crazy how much ur life can change &amp; u have no control over it
Does anyone want to come help me pack? Or kill me? Either one sounds nice right about now
There goes my 4th of July
LeBwon is cwying
Oh c'mon - it's multifactorial, &amp; you are way too bright not to know religion is one of the significant factors!
Opening band just started. Still a wait before the wolves come on...
I love on - he's everything... \"Like whaaaaaat? Excuse me.\"
Shanks very much, Ronaldo!
Girls that smoke hold the key to the future...
Just can't get it right with you
I honestly cannot believe I stayed the whole 8 hours but I would have gotten yelled at by you know who if I didn't.
be real with me n I'll be real with youu
I don't want to live in a world without Netflix.
I ain't the one to play a fool
My Papa Bear is so cute. He's excited for me to cook him a meal later this week.
Summer is the punishment for demanding Mangoes &amp; Cherries.
Aqui dancando com o show como se n fosse acordar amanha as 7
I'm having a blast looking at Trying to figure out who these teams with no cap space are gonna move
3 broken ribs
I'm gonna give every homeless person a cellphone handsfree kit to wear so u won't be able to tell them apart from every1 else on the street
\": adj just told me! Let's do something Saturday night in Boston!\" we going to HIN! come with!
Miami over here getting they shit serve nigga omg
So much more to life than drinking, smoking and partying on holidays like this. Recognize what it's really about.
That was the scariest fucking dream ever
I fucking love Jeff right now like why are you so clutch
Defiantly needa have another day like this lol
Dont tell em, dont tell em
Garage party at the allen house swing by
Scrub a dub is a rip off!
Wonder who the caps will take now.....
Lacey Giselle and Kayla are very entertaining
Jess shows up to naps in Xmas attire and immediately orders an LIT
I fucking hate when guys ask me what im eating
I just shit myself
Just celebrating the history of America's Pastime on Independence Day.
Still got those backstreet boy feelsss in my system
wtf that's at least a yellow
I just saw a license plate with 'P3N15' omfg future care please
Havent washed my car in 2 days. im 2 days overdue
lmao not one single person has tried to find me. Fuck all of you.
i finally get to sleep in my own bed and i decide to take up 1\/3 of my bed....
that moment when you're midway through cooking and you realize OH THIS ISNT FOR PEOPLE EATING ALONE
On a scale from 1-10 how annoyed are Ethan and Cory?
He got 31 points tho OMFG
Con que no tiene novia, que chimba -.-
A guy at my job just called me a sharp knife....thank..you?
In other news I killed a fly. Left it on the floor to gloat and now I just stepped on it. Smfh.
So queen of England have to sign every leader in the world, because of international language?
legit stoked to go to Marshall's
When you don't know if they're loyal
Its just me and my computer
Senior night was the best\/saddest day
Clint Dempsey has returned! Broken nose, schmoken nose
Demo night! Finalists of with at
I don't even ask body counts I just judge off the way u act...
Like, i look at it, and i just want to tell a font to go fuck itself. A font
A Bon fire with some roasted marshmallows sounds like a good night any takers?
I hate when people complain to me at work it's like they think I care or something
If you are a female and you haven't seen 'The Other Woman', let me help you help yourself... watch it.
Looks ain't everything! If all you bring to the table is a few thousand followers and likes on pictures....... Do better lol
Blah blah blah
Wow messi that was wonderful.
I'm tryna get baked and watch nose trap
My body is grumbling... And I just ate...
birthday soon here .
Nothing says Happy Father's Day like a sharp arrow in the heart.
Haha just wait till later I'm gonna be saying the same shit about some other niggas
I haven't been this happy to see a team lose in forever
Someone watch deliver us evil with me so they can watch me die !!!
Then I slid away smooth little get away.
The winner of this could honestly end up winning the World Cup. Major battle here.
Off to Time Square
Love working with clients they are all great in different ways. I learn something about people everyday.
Cali girls are cool i guess. Lmao
AYYYYYYY Lionel Richie is that nigga
Plans with Lauren again on Saturday makes me excited!
Last thing i want rn is my mom asking me why
Been doing nothing all day
\": We really got kicked out of Bliss that's i n s a n e\"lol watcha do?
honestly, if you have a crush on me, now would be a perfect time to let me know. thank you!
Good morning ladies and gentlemen
\": lmao you sound like me bro\" &lt;= not that I'm complaining but jeez lol
What is with men tonight? Y'all finna have me shooting up houses.
we are so much more\nthan they let us be.
When u get aerated at EDC means you went to hard in the paint
It's over miami
I don't like when supervisors talk to me. Leave me alone
Hello fans! Be sure to boycott Pacquiao vs Algieri! GARBAGE FIGHT!
I see Google is working on new Android Studio based on IntelliJ. Maybe their dev tools will get better. Right now Xcode is light years ahead
Can I fast forward to the 21st pick please
\"You haven't dedicated nothing, you dedicated lies\"- ouch! Talking truth!
Already sweating and didn't even start lifting yet
I'll be livid if my power goes out
I love my cousin JJ. We maybe be mean af to each other, but it's all out of love!!
Beach day is much needed
Arrgggg. Popcorn stuck in my tooth.
Jon Cena thinks he's a gangster
No me Gusta esto, quiero Mi cell de Nuevo :'(
Never told my dad what a thot is but he still knows what it means hmmm
Over 3 yrs ago at 46 I left my and became an . has proved the wrong over &amp; over again.
Lol you're scummy and I feel sorry for you.
The dream goes on.
We're pretty much living in the future predicted by ROBOCOP huh
Portugal is playing sloppy...
21 jump street on FX? Yussss
Baby I do this I thought that ya knew this
Exactly 2 years ago today you've been gone and I still think about you daily
\": booty call hours are between the hours of 12-3 .\" Hmu in two hours lol
Build a full stack app tomorrow at online event learning 8, cdi, responsive, valo and jpa with
Just took the best, most needed nap ever
I don't even think there's a word for the mood I'm in
Instead of trying to be an OB\/maternity nurse, I'm considering Pediatrics!
Lets fucking GOOOO!
so since I graduated now can I holllaaaaaa at my teacher or ......
To the middle-aged couple displaying public affection right next to me in the theater: can u not?
Lo vale la pena llorarle a la que no se queda
Overheard a group of 11 year olds discussing OITNB today at work. When I was that age, I watched Bratz movies... not softcore lesbian porn
My sister messages for me when I'm too sagged
How can people do it with no job ?
your significant other should never feel unwanted
Pop feel like god right now. Just knocked off the Heat..
Ultraviolence is life rn
I say the crazzziest shit when I'm wasted
i want finger tattoos but nothing on the back of my hand.
Okay na ako sa Katwan ko di mataba di payat.
Curiosity might kill the cat, but you're a fish, not a kitty.
cr7's a fuck boi
I dont think he does :( RT \": Wonder where Louis sees Kagawa in his plans?\"
I wouldn't date someone just cause they're famous or rich. If date you it's cause I actually like you and I have feelings for you..
WHY DO PEOPLE WANT TO HAVE CONVERSATIONS OVER SNAPCHAT
Today has honestly been the best day ever sucks another year not spending it with my father but being w my family kept my head up
The guy next to me knows nothing about soccer and all he does is tell every time we touch the ball
Not only are there weird scary characters in Times Square but now let's add a bunch of clowns to it!!! HELP!!!
\"Can we leave yet?\" \"No I'm sewing my pants!!\"
Clear eyes, open mind, full heart.
Sometimes I have to literally stop myself from shouting out \"yes papi!!!\" At the gym...
Why do weird ppl follow me
I had a protein bar for breakfast, protein shake for lunch, and I just had an ensure-.- need to go grocery shopping:\/
Neither team can read that sign....
I want TV, L, and Wear so bad.
that hurt me to watch
Blowing money cause you dieing if you don't live
We will never ever ever be apart.
The beat goes on &amp; on &amp; on &amp; on &amp; on
I can't afford to waste my time.
Niggahs Weren't Lying When They Said High School Goes By Real Quick
Literally just found the most accurate memo on twitter
Why even bother inventing white bread. Honestly
Chair Dif ain't the same dude anymore.
American fans looking like they went to the wrong tailgate
someone PLS GIFT me Shawn's new single and i will love you forever
Can this chicken cook faster? I'm starving over here...
lmfao this one dude got knocked out by q for trying to take his bucket hat when q was crowd surfing
America? Fuck yeah!
Here's something I never thought I'd say: Julian Green will be an absolute celebrity at next month in Portland.
\": I mean, im still very aggressive cus im spanish. Im crazy. But im not constantly beating someone becus they annoy me\" lol bye
Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too.
\": I guess your not the person I thought you were.\"
Like you're lucky I'm rocking you on my skull Joshua
Wow I really wish I could get out of bed
The Red Sox have officially become a joke. There needs to be some major action taken this offseason if we ever want to compete again.
My back hurts. One pro of having a significant other: back massages.
They literally will not allow you to come back in
The amount of excited I am for Europe is off the charts
There's a million you's, baby boo, so don't be dumb. I've got 99 problems and you WON'T be one.
Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too?
BITCH DONT KILL ME VIBE FORREAL
If I took a shot for every person I saw in olympic 6,7 or carmines today with a american flag shirt with stars id have alcohol poisoning.
I didn't cry while watching The Fault In Our Stars does that mean I'm heartless?
Le voisin est tellement gros , que quand il ouvre sa braguette , y'a un tremblement de terre by
When leaving the train, please watch the gap.
Costa Rica in the quarter finals!!!!!! I am liking this World Cup thingy.
The spurs are embarrassing the heat.
Ppl taking this ice challenge thingy too serious..what's it for anywase??? Has any1 turned it down &amp; actually donated???
it better be beautiful outside tomorrow. I'm tryna go to the beach
Well that just ruined my day
I had a smooth morning\/afternoon now I'm just tryna kick it @ my aunties house
have a great weekend followers and enjoy your holiday week.
Sometimes in life you'll feel surrounded by droids but remember no matter what, a clone army is going to come in and save the day
Gregor \"Cute Face\" Blanco is up at bat. Giants fans, this is the start of our comeback.
Turn your TV off and listen to music
Why is Latch such a phenomenal song
Soo many mosquito bites
Every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Messi dodging that tackle before the goal like a fancy car with that new collision avoidance technology
Lmao my old middle school teachers getting crunk at my bar
LOL WHY YOU STILL TRYNA GET WITH UNDERAGE KIDS YOURE AN ADULT
I'm 99% sure whatever happened on is more and\/or less interesting than you are all making it seem. Kudos on your opinions.
Game of thrones is grippy AF
Don't talk to me w that limited vocabulary
And to all a good night. Sleep well, or have a great day\/morning where you may be or live at this point and time. Life's 2 short not to live
So a nobody decided to make fun of me for meeting Gaga..
The commercial where Nelly shows the honey nut Cheerios bee how to be cool is embarrassing for honeybees, rappers, and everything in between
Last day of a quick trip to Cali. Gonna make the most of it!
Damn I actually don't have any white red or blue clothes...
Cesar is so sweet. He's like \"let's have breakfast tomorrow?\"
Looks like I've got big plans ahead of me... Things are changing for the better
If you got Storm 3 on ps3, come get this work
Is ashton still a bubble blower\/astronaut or na
lol we're down to get a motel like were only needing it to crash for like a few hours who cares if its ugly lmao
On a mission to try and get into the avicii concert
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say NOTHING
Vou esperar a Pizza chega depois vou me larga a ver TVD *-*
Asked the guy at AC Moore if he had wood n got looked at funny ...... Just trying to make a craft dude.......................
Geriatric airport bartender are my favorite. They always have a story to tell
Oh no oh no. Lafayette is the best!
Jogging male: you have horrified me by clutching your paunch with both hands while you chug along.
People in willow glen are so jaded and sheltered. just take a look around you. see that there's more in the world than what's in your bubble
Steph curry with the shot boy! we dead are fuck bois
This head cold is a biggggggg deb. I think drinking lots of mimosas before my plane ride home will help -__- Haha
My bathroom door just opened by itself...
Oh sakes, Parks got Korynn walking around my house asking where uncle bones is!! Ahaha
Whoa ! Keep the pace.
I could go for a milkshake from the counter rn
LOL SHE BROUGHT HER DAD INTO THIS
Thank you to bh for singing me happy bday! Definitely was missing all of nst8 tonight tho.
I just back up a van out of a driveway that was boxed in
Saw you by food 4 less...I was creepin
There's this fuckin gay dog named Tristan here (gay) and I'm gettin him all fired up.
Peace of mind ...# Williamport , Pennsylvania. .
the only reason I'm glad I came home is because my mom made my fave dinner.
Let's make this clear. If you gotta problem, solve it.
USA, COME ON MAKES US PROUD! USA! USA! USA!\n
You aren't allowed to be hot and have a hot boyfriend it's so mean
I have a problem with swallowing gum
I feel like I haven't been home in weeks.
You get in trouble for being honest you get in trouble for lying
Idky they're giving up it's only a 18 point game
i buy such pointless shit lmao i need to stop
\"Everyday I'm here I try to write songs\ncause I know the beat'll last longer than my heart will\"
Me gusta cuando mordes la puntita loquitaaa
Can you believe Tom McCarthy caught Freeman's homer on Comcast broadcast from center field? Nice catch
ain't no reason runnin after something already gone
it's 6 am..why am I up so early? my dad isn't even getting up for work lol
I don't have a \"only one\" ya niggas stay tryna be special.
This week just keeps getting better and better tell ya what.
God I really love John Mayer.
Don't be naive, have respect, and I'll see ya in a year and a half when I can slap my paper in your face.
It never gets easier you just get better
Let me go smoke cuz I feel like this is gonna be a thing.....
host of Cupcake wars just said \"in poker, it's easy, you either have a winning hand or you don't..\"
who wants to go see think like a man too, 22 jump street and the fault and our stars this weekend with me? or sometime soon
\"i can turn tofu into unicorn horns... oh and i'm 79 years old... but honestly i'm 81.\" - zoe: real age of 10 \n\n
Christiana's calling is to be a hibachi chef
Why is it so impossible to make plans idk
So rihanna &amp; karruche both gone be at the Awards Lol this gonna be comedy
This moment has caused, a reaction. \nResulting in the, reattachment.\nGirl you take me, to nirvana.
Watching Arsenio Hall 2.0 for the first time tonight, delighted to discover that he has not retired the signature arm move.
Getting frustrated with Mario Kart 8. I'm not having any luck getting more than Silver on 150cc
Not a gambling woman, but signing a lease today for a rent stabilized apartment felt p much like hitting the lottery.
What a beautiful shot
Spurs offense is unbeatable !
I told Caroline to 'get over it' and she goes 'Anne I'm not under anything' \nl0l
Can't believe I got into a car accident, it was probably the scariest things I have ever happened but thank god and I are okay
Sergio literally threw his phone across the street. R.I.P
My ex be like imma fuck around and be on some bullshit but u better not move on Lmfao bye
Adrien mom is such a cutie
Or the dreads of course
Replaced my stabilizer link and now my cars handling is on point. Now I just need to change these naked ass tires.
Justin: \"Cassie, I have pokemon on my phone, does that make me cool? \"
Both my brothers owe me about 300 dollars and they still haven't paid me
Some people creep me the fuck out
lol dat nigga senni too funny
Baseball is so fucking boring lmfao
El arbitro principal es de Argentina
Never knew how much me and my dad think alike
When your weed falls on the ground&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Best times to shoot right there. Keeper can't see shit with everyone in the way.
My soul is empty and full of white girls
Great times for the open mic. If you missed this week, it's every Wednesday at 11pm
Pple in NYC are NOT homeless they are drug addicts dealing with their drug addictions with family at home. Thats why I aint give ya shit!
Think for yourself and you'll find out that a lot of those so called authorities are bullshit
I wonder what john ukuncs thinking LOL
Who wanna get tatted wit me today?
Wait Jhene Aiko x John Legend collab please
Culture shock is such a real and relevant thing just
Can't listen to NPR because it's all &amp; sports talk is all about how much the suck. Is there a Unicorn talk station?
Omg that goal
Lol I have this picture that happens to be pretty ridiculous
\": I ain't got no bae.\"
There better be prime parking tonight at work
I force Cassie to try on clothes that don't fit her for entertainment
i come around, she leave that nigga like he ain't matter.
Student in the hallway: \"Bro, I'm so proud of you!\" \nTurns to other resident:\n\"He got laid! Bro, he hit a home run!\"
Best thing by far about flying US domestic: sky mall. But I'm going to need to see that king size bedroom suite before committing.
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be and I don't wanna go home right now
I'm the first one to hate girls for not knowing shit about sports, but come on these boys are beautiful
Rough night but at least he slept an extra 90 min this morning.
Its always the ones that say u got hoes that b havin da hoes lol ...
I let into my life, so don't treat me like a second choice.
But I like John Legend sanginn.
I sound like the most redneck person that ever lived on snapchat...
How do you have a family but claiming single life !?
Long Dar at work. Treated myself to a Vanilla coke
Best response is ignore it: don't even give them clicks. RT : It's never worth complaining about anti-soccer articles.
\": WATCH ME BRO, WATCH.ME. \" don't worry. prob already is
That was such a sick shot
\": in hindsight, wade might be a tad bit washed up\" lmao
Ugh I don't like my real family please take me back to my Spanish host fam.
OCHOA IS MEXICOS ANGEL I SWEAR I FUCKING LOVE HIM
Rise Above ALL Self-imposed limitations!
I feel like I need to have burgers and beer for dinner.
Never thought I'd break my arm honestly lol
Correction on the Mercury retrograde. \nIt occurred on 6.7.14\/7:56am ET. Direct-\n7.1.14\/8:50am ET. Out of shadow 7.15.14
\"Don't test me bitch. Yeah. That's right. IM HOT!! The construction worker at work is OBSESSED with me\" summer 2014
Just because the past didn't turn out like you wanted it to, doesn't mean your future can't be better than you've ever imagined.
Once I enlist gonna buy a brand new one
Go to sleep at night. And don't procrastinate.
a lot of fax machines going on rn
Don't send me snaps with some girl, I don't do that to you. Actually coulda been a boy, couldn't tell
when you're so afraid you start balling in front of your co worker&lt;&lt;&lt;
I'm still complaining about the fact I can wear my cowgirl boots with my gown on Friday like no Why does my gown have to be so damn long!?
I could imagine if he want bin injured Colombia woulda be d side to beat
Couldn't word my tweet correctly , fuck it
New York Wild Af This Summer.
I'm gonna fucking kill a bitch
Way too long - Kixxie Siete is amazing!!
The memory of ego death is still prominently alive, deep within the mind. And that changes you, whether you have or not.
Ugh Di Maria is such a fuckn beast! He better stay in Real Madrid forever
well this isn't going to work out well
Let's go next man up!
Dempsey be like \"Coach I broke my nose!\"
My heart is skipping so so bad at the river. :( bad start to my vacation.
I wish Alicia would've flipped out... And ya know... Attacked Cameron...
get it wetter than it raining
\"He stole from me\" well damn
Dang the Royals are playing well
Brett Gardner is the most underrated player in the MLB.
My life is a fucking joke
My dad told me I look like shit right now -.- lol why would I get ready to be at home all day
I was tall in middle school but now everyone is taller than me \/\/:
all these girls need to stop with the negative guy tweets.. we aren't all bad
when charles and ajene are bullying me my friends just sit back and favorite their tweets =,[
you know you love me \n XOXO,\n gossip girl
Bouta get this room come fuck with me
Come on, ragers. It's not like they've cornered some lucrative job market. Free markets demand respect for business owners.
Enough with those stupid DM games
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
Picked up games with this win. 6-1\/2 back. Correct me if I'm wrong...
I just had the most brolic Iftar ever
Y'all some direct message ass niggas
CLINT!!!!!!!!! Captain Marvel!
Most coked out cab driver ever+priceless experience= free ride. Not worth it in my book
Missing the Nola fam so hard tonight but with by my side I can take on the world.
If ya wanna find out someone's flaw, all you have to do is look past the text bar on their snapchats.
4 years, and that's how you treat her.... Wow
You could hear the crowd singing The National Anthem and it was amazing.
Just ate pizza, chicken fingers, fries and hot wings.
Our flight attendant is super chipper at 6am. Surprisingly, I'm ok with that!
Barely made the train. on Bart On way to city. Job is arranging a car to pick me up to get to work by candlestick.
Gonna see Jersey boys gonna bring my dad memories
On Saturday, ate Wendy's baconator jr for lunch!
I'll be ready to kill my mom in approx. 10 minutes
just drove past french montanas house and possibly french montana
Definitely earned my family tech support merit badge tonight.
The most powerful force in the universe is compound interest.
My left eye won't stop tweaking. I should really get some sleep
I know we're only one episode into this but idk i really liked 3B
I'm very confused, people calling me.... Texting like we don't even talk wtff
My hippie teachers were the fucking best!
The fact that I have the Spice Girls and Pink Floyd on the same playlist tells you everything you need to know about me.
Ok get em i got em , point them out and i got em
What happened to Cesar Covarrubias ? Lol
Ill play FIFA but watching.... Nahh lmao
Right. Every fucking time you have to have to have to put your two cents in.
tea reminds me of my grandmas house
FUCKING SMOKE DETECTOR WONT STOP GOING OFF! AAHHHHH FUCKKKKK\nI'm trying to enjoy some House of Cards rn.
Gonna feel like such a mom taking my cousins to the zoo tomorrow
I've got pictures from a world that seems like a lifetime ago.
It's finally time for the 2014 Draft! I'm looking for the to draft Sam Reinhart, then trade up to get Alex Tuch.
That nigga form played on damn son
You said \"push you're pride aside\" but we know I'm too stubborn.
Road Trip and underrated funny ass movie
How many times is this bitch on going to talk about her relationship with Alexander McQueen??
I miss my old frandz
I wish I had Wrecked on vinyl.
crying bc how am I going to text him.
What a laugh. You invent imaginary scenarios and demand \"evidence\" they could never possibly transpire? :
I'm about ready to switch over to another carrier
Of course the lights go out for 5 seconds while I'm taking a fucking piss. FUCK YOU MOTHER NATURE.
I like that gets my soul.
I should probably stop going our half naked &amp; I wouldn't be getting sick but I hate clothes sooo
Question for my Republican friends. When GOP votes against upping funds for vets or vs equal pay for women, how do u process that?
I haven't been this bored in a while omg
Messi's girlfriend is hot
Hawa is the baddest bitch and she is better than u
Granted my experience is singular. I just want to meet these CEOs that are anti-birth control
Zac done fucked up
Looking forward to working Fordham's one day camp today.
Sworee I'd never fall in love again.mp3 :))
Definitely need to fit a donut or two into my macros tomorrow
you must be one sensitive ass nigga if you block your ex girl on every social media and number lmao
Ir pra Times Square agora &lt;3
Really getting fucking pissed off home doing absolutely nothing
Spotted on the steps of the MET
Another shoot down today now otw to shoot my upcoming dance video!
All I'm saying is there better be a blowjob and a raise waiting for me on July 1st.
Damn someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed
La cama debe de estar muy buena.... .|.
Has anyone told Adam Pascal that his vibrato sounds like a bad rock climbing accident yet?
I dont know why I didnt think to record jumping that fence today.. Good times
I wonder if Haley took that in a bad way lmao I was just playing
No support was all the support I needed
I'm not looking for the best players, Craig. I'm looking for the right ones
I feel ready for this chem regents. Hopefully that doesn't change once I open it
Greece played atrocious this game, if they win they can thank all their gods vs
Girls turn into hoes for about a month, sometimes longer, after they get out of a relationship.
When I'm on the phone with Jared and he plays video games, he tells me consistently how much he hates them but refuses stop playing
There's a Geordi Laforge action figure at my local thrift shop. Buy or no buy?
A wise person once told me \n\" Once your followers send you daily nudes you have become something more then just a @ \" \n- Seriously happend
New single from Clint Dempsey's rap mixtape: \"Hips Don't Lie\"
Tea time an roll up time
Does anyone know What periods we have tomorrow??
Are america soccering?
She was some fb famous bitch lmfaooooo I'm dead moe
I've been at best buy for the past two hours someone rescue me
All kidding aside, great trade by Neil, because I think Grilli is done. Hopefully Ray can fix EF mechanics.
There was $678.96 saved up on it that was supposed to be mine this is why I hate everyone
Bitch got more pics of ass than a Victoria's Secret catalog
and I still get lost in your eyes &amp; it seems that I can't live a day without youuuuu
Time for some Tim Horton's coffee... I am a fiend...
Rt \": I just won a bet with Sean that Andi would say \"mussels in Brussels.\"\"
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY KIDS AT THE AIRPORT
Idk what color to dye my hair
GET ME OUT OF THIS HELL HOLE
Visiting Haitia with the Franco's &amp; this summer
2\/4 of my sunshines are in LA . onfkamfamd
That in n out earlier was so good
Yet again my school makes another terrible choice by having graduation rehearsal tomorrow at 8 in the morning...
\"you should study!\"\n\"nah I got this \"
After watching the no hit the Padres, at the to watch the mini-Giants beat the Nuts.
Aron Johansson is good tho
Bruh how you not gonna stay we got wayne ellington that guys like mj
I should be doing hw what am I gunna tell my teacher \"a teen wolf marathon and the premier of season 4 was on no time I'm sorry\"
610: remember us laughing at the serious ratchetness lmao!
If you're a scam embrace it, don't be fronting on twitter like you're bad and you really not
Are you ready to get ditched?
\"Alright, Watters, this is what separates the men from the boys.\" -what I'm thinking every time I try to spell \"hors d'oeuvres\" from memory.
a bear name hitler that smells like bombshell
we all gotta move on sometime .
I want my bottom belly button pierced too it looks really cool
I have absolutely no self restraint when I know there is green tea mochi ice cream in my freezer
Put me on the cover of a Rolling Stones
Often inclined to borrow somebodies dreams till tomorrow
Dam now I'm gonna miss the BET awards....
I don't have to act like my age I can be 18 and act like I'm 12 thanks
Never thought could get any better on that bike , man was I wrong look at that post him and meek just posted
\"call me a Fob bc I am in fact a \nfabulous. oriental. being.\"\n - quote of the night
I mean seriously, still baffled at what virgins smell like....
Marko swears up and down he has bitches texting him
TIM HOWARD SAID FUCK YOUR MOHAWK
I can't deal with immature people bro, females can't have me friends w\/o being something
as DH hits 2-run double against
Wish I had a jai as my bf. She's the luckiest girl and he's the luckiest guy. Awww
i just add them to my list
Id like to give a shout out to &amp; lol! You girls should know whyyyyyy!
What is the purpose of infinite lifeless universes
i want 2 burn some1 w\/ a cigarette
Honestly if the referees were doing they job on point Mexico would be first out that group
When people have the audacity to flip you off when you pass them, and they are going 20 under the speed limit.
People keep posting pics of cookies. I need cookies now.
I have this underlying fear about chem, yet I'm not doing anything about it oh well
Sorry but Ecuador was garbage in this World Cup,
Mario Kart 64 is pissing me off so hard right now.
If they're going to spend this entire episode in Mexico talking about how they need to find Derek, I will throw a fit.
A mi me tienen que querer siempre, no a ratitos.
This Starbucks experience is taking too long.
I'm so mad. That's why u bring donovan
Mashing some 5.0s at this camp can't wait for some more training tomorrow!
Aaaah ya knew it was coming, kinda against the run of play with Bosnia probing, clinical strike from Messi, good passing from Argentina.
Going to bed at 9 sounds ideal
Dumbass carmen would get chile in her eye lmaoo
Cory in the house is on xD
Holy shit! Tmrw is chem regent....
if anyone is willing to drive to McDonald's and bring me one, I would love you forever
I don't think I've ever been this happy to drink water
that haircut is offside tho
The event is to bring attention to &amp; , hope attendees sign up to mentor &amp; volunteer
Sometimes I just go into LUSH to feel loved.
Nope no no no no nope not at all please no don't. Hoping for a swift return
So tempted to sing rise and shine right now.
I HATE TERRY CREWS! I CAN'T STAND HIM I'M SORRY BUT I HATE HIM LIKE I HATE SHAQ
Was just at photo show, Boi\/Butch: Portraits of Masculine of Center Identity. So many gorgeous people... in photos and in the room. Heaven.
If you are a hipster and you know it clap your hands. Listen to Phantogram.
My mom changed all the presets in my car radio to K-Love
I was really wildin last night
At least im finally leaving the bay
Tu y Yo bailando banda, no se piensalo :3
Here we go with the CM Punk chants!
I have to go to school tomorrow :(
I use a lot of napkins at any given moment.
Once you put something on the internet, you can't take it back, and that's why I'm glad I didn't have twitter in 7th grade
Up watching chowder with my cousin.
IG &amp; Facebook is boring now a days if you ask me .. Same crap posted on all of them
On a Wednesday night at 9pm in June, Union Square is perfect.
1-0 baby . Revenge is sweet !!!!
Shawn's YOUNOW is glitching so much I can't even see him
Everyday my grandma tells me not to wish my life away
\": kinda miss those days, not gonna lie\" those were ugly shutup ho
40 Year Old Virgin really is one of the funniest movies ever
The Parker Show.
Golazoooooooo del puto amoooooo!!! 2-0
I'm the only ethnic\/POC at this marina &amp; restaurant
I wonder if pitbul has concerts. He probably couldn't fill a concert hall.
The pks have been real good !
Take me back to that time when you loved me
I hate when people tell me to smile at work. Like no, fuck you.
Finally home! and already looking forward to my coffee in 4 hours lmaoo
I bet Patina Miller always burns her grits. I can hear it in her voice.
The 1000th person to add the \"Botangle\" username on Yo that person receives $1000!
I DIDNT POOP THE BED ITS CHOCOLATE
ARE THEY REALLY MAKING LOOKING FOR ALASKA A MOVIE OR IS THIS A JOKE CAUSE I WILL CRY
It's a shame when you watch someone become the exact thing they used to despise
I'm glad this is happening though. Like I said this morning. 4 great games does not mean buy. Fix the future.
It's sad when ppl hate on others when their lives are all pathetic and sad
You're not real if you don't watch soccer in Spanish
Get faded turn up with the big boys
THIS IS THE 2ND TIME IVE TAKEN A BIG ASS GULP OF WATER THINKING ITS WATER BUT ITS VODKA
I still really want a record player and vinyl copies of my favorite albums
all i see is red white + blue \n...on the cop car behind me \n
These California beaches won't know what hit them when I show up in my American flag speedo today.
Buuuuut I'm a good kid and don't smoke or drink..
trying out this Chinese bakery in Chinatown
my life would be ten times better if i could see in the flesh just one more time
If you can't handle what I or anyone else has to say...too bad for you. I can't cater to weak hearts forever. I'm sorry
This is not okay omg AHHH
Come on dad... I know this car can go faster they 90 right now
On my feet. Vamos Costa Rica!!
Like for money, rides, food, etc. Like they have no interest in them other than getting shit
If this hurricane fucks up fireworks for tonight ....
Going to coasters in Santa Cruz rinow with come meet up
\"national white association\" bitch that's the kkk
if you a kiss and tell, keep it moving ...
Niggas know I'm king but they don't wanna crown me
Keeper didn't even move WHAT A SHOT
traffic traffic looking for my chapstick feeling kinda carsick there's a ford maverick
no dejo de ver el video de demi &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Everyday &amp; prove to be the best band in the world.
Can't watch teen wolf until 11 , not going. On twitter
WHAT A FUCKING SHOT JONES!!
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value\n-Einstein
Scotty doesn't know that Fiona and me do it in my van every sunday
Thank god this year is over dude
And I made him cry
INTERNET es el MEDIO!!!\nViva la Protesta,,el Gobierno CLAUDICA!!!\nSomos Sabor a Pueblo \n
I think I wanna watch Chris Rock stand ups after this lol them shits the only ones that make me laugh od
I think they need to grow the grass a little longer at so players don't keep slipping
Soooooooooooo when is Dean Ambrose going to be announced in the match?
Happy Birthday one of the best role models to ever play sports. Have a good 40th captain.
Guy started talking to me on the subway and I almost got off at the wrong stop to get away
Following an earlier incident at Forest Hills-71 Avenue, and trains has resumed with residual delays.
lmao I walked 5 blocks to get ice cream today
I haven't backslid and I'm still losing fat but I don't want to wait 3-4 years to lose every ounce of fat from my body. Time to step it up.
eating a piece of grilled chicken and wishing i could be eating a piece of cake........
\"Whirlpools take you to a different dimension\" -
I don't feel like decorating my cap hope I'm not the only one.. Actually I don't really care if I'm the only one
I'd like to turn into a just to avoid aging and\/or wrinkling. I'll be a vegan vamp however.
Girls hmu if you wanna come, free ride, free liquor, everythingggg !!
Mother to child in Coney Island: \"I'm gonna F*ck you up!\" Seriously? This place really does attract the lowest common denominator.
Dear Vietnamese people, you may have won the war, but I can still drink your coffee in the lower east side of LES and that's enough for me.
Ughhh........ that pretty much sums it up
Ruud van Nistelrooy. Now that is a name.
Don't say shit you don't mean
I wish I went to the type of school that allows you to return anytime you want during the summer because I swear everyone would be in Buff
4 min left...down by 18 and James, wade, and bosh are out.... kobe would never sit down until clocks at zero
A lot of people are dead to me now....
Joe Biden is my dude.
A guy should NEVER hit a female... \nBut some of y'all girls be trying to get y'all asses beat.
Olivia won't let me cuddle with her
should i even try? you'll never call me :(
USA is actually holding up pretty good than i expected
I've only slept at home twice since school ended.
Laid back in a thrift store beach chair dropping limes into a corona
Might as well be this girl ppl think I am
About to roll deep to this colts neck party who's coming?
The Knicks finally have point guards!
I honestly feel sick to my stomach lol
Tengo la sensacion de que paso mas tiempo en Cantora que en mi propia casa
yay! almost done packing! hopefully we're moved in all by tomorrow or Tuesday!
Ever single fight I ever got in was because I was defending a friend lol
IM SO PROUD!!! HE HIT NUMBER ONE!!! IM CRYING!!$
I wear many hats in my life but my favorite hat of all is the one that says \"Dad\" on it!
(pt) So, 3 weeks of raiding Palestinian homes all over West Bank, 8 Palestinians killed - while the 3 Israeli teens lay in a shallow grave?
Call that chicken UK how to jerk it
WHY ARE THERE NO NICE NOT NICE WISE GUYS TURNED SINGERS ANYMORE?
Luke Hemmings from 5sos if ya want to follow me before I go workout that'd be rad
will I regret not buying this Star Trek pullover?
If you're not saying thank you at every second of every day, regardless of pain of pleasure, you're not doing it right.
it'd be one thing if I was a fraud, but I'm really not. I'll make you fall in love with me without even trying.
This US game is disgusting
GET YO ASS HOME TOO OMARION
Good choice Jason Kidd. You shouldn't of had to coach a bummy team.
I don't understand why it's so hard for people to stop drinking.
Exactly my thought\": derrick RT : Adonis is the\"
Holy fuck. Emma stone is so attractive.
Common is having a pretty good game tbh
i feel the pressure on my head fuck
Portugal is mad
How do you politely tell someone to stop asking you on dates when you've already said no ?
All I want is to call him and hear his voice and him talking to me....
Mcwraps , basically an orgasm in a wrap
i am really getting tired of everybody
I hate seeing all these corny BS love quotes
une meuf elle me refile une mst genre HIV jlui coupe une oreille et jlui enleve ces ongles i swear ! protegez vous
I'm about to go to bed
Let's fucking go
I just held up a magnifying glass to my boobs to make them appear larger.
Third base without David Wright is like a day without sunshine
Before you give up find an excuse to win
I work so hard to be good with mario
I wanna go to night beach
Nicole was my road dog \nit'd do anything for her, she'd do anything for me.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL!!!! HE STUNNED THE GOALIE!
And in the end\n\nJabes doesn't even matter
Pedro just threw a chair In the pool
The only thing gayer than an Abba song is an Abba cover song
only in it for the twitter flags
3 hours until I have to be awake to get on my plane to see Michael, still not fully packed and can not sleep
Can someone out there drive me to work tomorrow at 430 it's so important !!!!
gonna have to wake up early tomorrow and it's almost 2 and were not done packing yet
Kawhi aint a star yet, gotta see how he handles a full load during the regular season.
THAT GOAL LOOKED LIKE LIBERTY
Last night my friend almost jumped a guy at the bar bc 'he reeked of Tory' and I had to talk him down and wow
If they're already cute then get short hair, Asian girls are even cuterrrrrrr
Getting paid to shoot M9s all weeks. I'll take it
nobody is ever really who they say they are.
When a guy try's to pull up next to me at a light.. I inch up and act like I don't peep
Behind close doors you are probably the biggest bitch
All me and corona have done today is watch Orphan Black and Who's Line Is It Anyway and this is okay
au where john takes sam and dean to a hotel instead of a motel because he got a load of cash
props to Jeff Davis for the CINEMATOGRAPHY of Season 4 ep 1. FANFRICKENTASTIC MOVIEFYING SKILLLSS
I love red wine but even just one class dehydrates me and wakes me up early :(
That fucking curve OMG
let me hit it from the back girl i wont catch a hernia
big bites &amp; scratches &amp; bruises but niqqa we made it
\"Keep on asking, and you will receive what you ask for. Keep on seeking, and you will find. Keep on knoc...\" Matthew 7:7
Way too emotional
Gone for a week and I didn't even take a selfie
LATER PORTUGAL HAHAHAHAH
I wish a pro wrestling company would try an angle with heel authority figures. That would be original and unique.
I can't wait till the Afro comes back. Gonna be like
OMG I was freaking out for no reason
Oh wait I can't have that cake cuz I'm allergic to gluten. Shit
when ur friends believe liars over u....
That's literally so rare for me it's sad
Dammit, I'm probably not going to wake up for the game ;( vs
Congress should be a vital operating machine! Your Congress was shutdown tight at a cost of 24 billion $ Change needed!
Congratulations, Al Lewis on being named editor-in-chief of - business on the beach!
Spurs win tonight
Is it sad that this is the first time I got tips done?
Ight it's time to save up for a car
Todo en la vida tiene final :)
How good is The Godfather book? I already know what happens and I still can't wait to read the last 50 pages.
Ooooo you got what I neeeeeed
And we'll all float on okay
If your a valedictorian and you don't recite Gwen Stacy's graduation speech I probably hate you
Do I wanna pay $250 to go to Osheaga? (Hint: the answer is yes)
I need to make a photo journey: Brooke's eyebrows throughout the years
I'm not even home and my moms still being a bitch to me. How does that even happen?
My mom is SO going to kill me hahaha
This maybe over for Miami.... Wade looks defeated
OMGE I locked my keys in my trunk at my house!!
I wish I wish With ALL my heart .. I get a fukking Job
His money on the side, his money in the side makes me a sad sad boy.
The way I fuck er you would think I love this bitch.
i'm angry but i still love you
*fat cat considers career in politics*
Obx bound for a much needed vacation
Yeah I did not tan... I just got dark:\/
Kak, Zara summer sale Kak. Mari menunaikan ritual setahun sekali ini. Shall we?
Athletic guys are great, but that doesn't mean it's alright for them to be dumb.
we all scared to be doing that yet we all post it
Second time seeing the fault in our stars and I still don't think it's sad
IF I CALL YOU, I CALL YOU FOR A DAMN REASON SO THE LEAST YOU COULD DO IS CALL BACK OH FUCKING KAY.
Last day in San Francisco. You're one sexy city you know that?
Clint Dempsey Wow
Trying to get out of Mapleton when you don't live there is like navigating through a maze
I love me guys with a good sense of style
That's my baby!!!!!!!!!!!
You think you are funny ... haha no stfu
Don't let this go to overtime boys one last bit of magic please!!!
Workers at the court house know Johanna and I as the girls with the burrito
At the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, saw a toddler whining, asking his mother for 'Facebook'.
Honestly I rather have a faithful guy then a hot guy
Isaiah never was good at listening to wise advice lol
My family needs a reality show
It's when u been thru shit u become wise an learn from the big mistake you made before
Sooo my hubby's boss have him tickets to the Yankees game tomorrow wooo get to see Jeter in his final year
GOALLLL USA USA USA USA USA
......and thats y i hate black people
Seems like everyone is getting Starbucks or wants Starbucks ....
I have spent way too much money this month
You have a one man advantage and you still lose, good shit Greece
two of my black coworkers wanted to go out, and what did they choose, Dallas BBQ , &amp; what did they get? A dozen of wings ... how ironic lol
Joey Quinn in \"Dexter\" is a complete sav.
Im tired but i don't feel like sleeping
Who wants to drive me to SF Pride
The word \"just\"amazes me. This four litter word has like 5 meanings and you can use it for so much it's a cool word
Next problem: widgets are being flaky and also taking up more space than I want.
Des was haulin booty today
Me and aka the Seoulcial dreamers are back in effect. So what ya'll wanna see?
I'm fucked dead man
Old bearded man in price chopper has his pug in the front of his cart. in 50 years
Vamos por otro gol carajo!!!!!
Watching why do people talk @ price points when price will suffice?
I can't wait to sleep in my own bed
Had a long day
People will believe anything they hear.
It's hot outside. The end.
Late night before getting back to work tonight.
Just waiting for you to shut the fuck up
Adios greece !!
Might make some moves in boston next week
drop the WBW term and speak with us what you want us to understand about being women. FYI trans women want to be women. We listen
A los guatemaltecos se les olvido que por los ticos y mexicanos no estamos en el mundia
Pussy and patron will make you feel alright
cant believe im missing this game right now!!!!
Why has every woman never dined here before am I the only 19 year old wine connesiour?
I need alcoholic friends that dont bitch about how early it is to drink
DANIELA ES LO MAS LINDO QUE TENGO LO JURO
Fuck you Modric now you know what Puto mean so PUTO fucking midget
EH I can't bite the cookie
Yea I'm not from here but happy 4th
