First time at in awhile but had to swing through to dap the one and only swagtastic
can I just be in Aruba yet
Living in a household full of iPads and iPhones is stressful. Niggas have to like attach cement blocks to their chargers so no1 can take it.
After today I don't have to deal with all the miserable school traffic yay
I love pink, she makes me wanna run wild
I'm Catholic, my partner is Jewish. I guess we are off to the to see who's \"right\" trumps who's.
Halt and Catch Fire on vuoden parhaita uusia TV-sarjoja.
DEMPSEYYYYYYYY LETSSS GOOOOO
Happy 4th, work 12-7.. Somebody hmu if youre bbqing at your crib tonight.
O Lord, grant that this night we may sleep in peace. And that in the morning our awakening may also be in peace.
Just thinking....why is Bugs Bunny name Bugs Bunny ?!
straight through his legs
Like let me clean your ass and I bet you still wouldn't be satisfied
Nothing sucks more than feeling like you don't matter to people who matter the most to you.
SF Giants team spirit is out of control.
I'm perfectly content with being alone, I like being alone with my thoughts. it is actually very calming and refreshing
I gotta do tips tomorrow. I think I'm gonna stop doing tips lol. Someone needs to learn how to do them.
I'm about to make some marijuana tea
I kinda wanna have sex with you no actually I want to skip practice today
Packets picked up. My first time racing with looking forward to a great day. Happy it benefits
blue is true : 3. Fav color?
Whatever Pop said to Parker in the first minute of this quarter really lit a fire. Whoa.
1 party down 1 more coming
JERMAINE JONES YOU BEAUTIFUL BITCH
Everyone in this bar is going crazy
Barbaros Ticos Ticos. Que buen partido amigos me quito el sombrero
I hate the trolls on twitter who call celebrities their queen. Fucking. Weirdos.
Bumper to bumper traffic in the middle of nowhere and I've never had to go to the bathroom so bad in my whole life. Cool.
a person's maturity level is measured \nby how respectful &amp; intelligent one's responses are to any given situation
Money make her do things she woulda never did
I don't ever wanna feel like I did that day
why do people make excuses just be fucking real
I need some better friends lmfao
Tim Howard with them crazy saves
I plan to ship something every day this week, and then I plan to do nothing all weekend, and then I get to start a brand new job so omg
All Your Friends Asking Where You Stand With The Boy ...
Lets gooo!!!!!! USA!!!
Can ted just meet the mom already
Annmmnd I just wanna tell everyone that rosalia and Taylor are my davs I love yougiys
Fuck yo bitch and the clique you claim
We should design new cal elite jerseys
Spotify premium has been my greatest investment ever
Advocating for pedestrian and bicycle safety with . Asking the Sierra Club to support .
dont have any energy to get ready
I wish I could show ppl this conversation but I'm not gunna expose myself like that
\": Ryon Healy is now 15-29 over his previous seven games for Stockton. Has had two 4-hit games over his past 3 contests\"
Ya me dieron ganas de mandar todo a la mierda. Tan raro en mi,
I wake up to Nikki just laying there staring at me
Yesssss c'mon Varella
Kawhi Leonard be hungry 24\/7 always chewing on his tongue but yet they never have a pic of doing it
: should I leave my house rn to get tacos?
spurs deserve it
I gonna wake up retarted, i just ate my second brownie, bouta go to sleep in a lil
all of that was said for the people mane .
Now my life is sweet like cinnamon.
another question what about the other accounts \"Krystal\" had\/has access too
Lil wayne not interesting no More
un gol mas no caeria mal!!!!!
Watching she's all that and Freddie Prinze was def dreamy in 99 baby
Make your goal chicharito , show us what you got !!
Thank you Coach Sharon for showing us how to love the game, in a way I never imagined.
sunburn on your back is the absolute worst
I've never been more lazy in my life
Oookay The Patio looks poppin why am I not there?
If you got two hoes ya gotta let one go
It seems to me that needs to play Portland every week. Also, BCAAAAAAMMMMM.
I always second guess the decisions I make.
They're asking for references now...
So my ifriends, my Botox has started to work and I can no longer move my forehead. Here's hopin this works!
Not when a 30 year old hits on me, like okay hold up I'm legit with my father and u ask for my number 1 r u dumb 2 I'm 16 gtfo
Bruh I miss him , but I can't stand him right now
Baby, I'm a pro bitch.
The Bro Code: Article 69: \"Duh.\"
I'm over this movie ha
Bought groceries and still ain't bring nuthn to eat
My lady not here im so bored without her
I'm seriously incapable of believing this
If Ghana wins I hear finally gets a push
I wanna take a walk at the beach at night c:
What a fucken goal!!!
I've realized my voice goes deeper when I talk to someone attractive lmao
you gonna roar at me like a tiger ?\nBitch pleas, I'm A lion
I really wanna talk to you though...
OK Wimbledon. For a minute there I thought that was a bit of a dirty joke
Love me like you never will again.
I wish fall asleep after fap
my mom was like mad dont embarrass me by calling me out infront of everyone that im wearing ur clothes i couldnt help but laugh
I just let my hair down from a pony tail and it smells like fierce....ahhh I've missed this smell
I AM THE PRO OF KAN JAM OMG
I say \"I don't knw\" to everything when I'm in a bad mood
when somebody tweeting real shit but you don't want to keep retweeting them bc you'll seem weird..
I was like \"this is gonna be a game without a yellow card.\" I spoke too soon.
You're a cunt but it's okay you'll be alright
If Green would've hit that I would've smacked my father.
Saying bye to someone I've grown up with was one of the hardest shit I've done tbh.
Should probably start eating less this summer
So hard to pick one MVP when the play such amazing team ball
Ain't nothing better than ny thots
Tears that turn into anger, then right back to tears...
West to East jet lag is real. I haven't felt this restless since NY-India last year. SF, you kill me but glad I can watch in NY.
Is it possible to buy a bottle of buffalo sauce?
Next weekend cannot come soon enough...
Someone catch fireflies with me &amp; drink wine then some cudi time on a hammock.. Haaaaaa gewd one
Im just going to take the longest bath EVER
\"Imma just say no homo over the whole conversation\" \n\nWhy can't Riley chill?!
GoodNight Mentions For A (Must Follow Me)(All Females And Girls And Model Girls And SexyGirls Welcome For Follow
That sneaky ass bitch Raquel! She works with Oscar! no no no no! Sloane has fucked up!
apparently instagram couldn't handle my nipple
WOOOOO!! such a beautiful shot!
Woke up with a big ass lump in the back of my head and it hurts like hell :(
I WILL FOREBER HATE GREECE FOR KNOCKING OUT MY BOYS FROM AFRICA
Waitttt are we going to make it to August!?
I'm tryna go to a sauna
\": no\"you aint gonna be saying that when I dont make it home
Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous!
when I look at you with them babyblues cuttinright through me You set me on rewind back to the goodtimes when you couldn't get enough of me
What is Lil Wayne wearing and what is he rapping about?
33 seconds in!!!!!!
Or although it's kind, they think a goodmorning\/goodnight text is the most romantic gesture from a man. Let's grow up ladies.
I finished reading a 571 page biography on Steve Jobs. It was an excellent read. I have a new admiration for Steve Jobs and Apple.
Yes just fucking talk shit right to my fucking face.
Timmy no-no &amp; Buster 4-for-4...the tide is rising again for our - spectacularly!
my cat just ate lettuce wth
If you think that by telling me that you will \"pray for me\" will make me religious or come closer to god you are oh so wrong
the most perfect weather for a good run
If you really want something, you better work, betch
The shit that comes out of Brandon's mouth is absurd
Why do you do that
I don't need people to push me down when I already know I'm higher than them.
Hot Weather ( and no torrential downpour ) for the first day of Surely not!!\nis here :-)
So annoying when friends get in relationships and then disappear from their friendships.
That's why we ranked in ct
Fuck I got a 5 page paper due on Wednesday.
See now I'm crying lmfaoooo rob thought he was soooo smooth in that all white
Somebody at the really loves early - mid 2000s pop punk from the stuff that's been playing since we sat down.
THERE WE GOOOOOOO
I just got out of work. I think I'm going to vomit
my dad was reading my yearbook signatures and he just said \"what is swag money\"
Coming out to eddies music! That gave me goosebumps too!!
Accidental sex dream on the home. Woke up in Canarsie.
Insecure bitches need to go elsewhere.
I done wasted all this money on tops...I need to get in the gym prontooo
slander &amp; nghtmre's \"we like to party\" 2nd AND 3rd drop... enough said
Honestly just trying to have fun out here.
The only part of the World Cup I have watched was the extra time in US v. Portugal, AMA.
im so excited to go to frosh box :-)
Looked at my fb all the way from 09 we all used to be so close... Times change man:\/
Is there anywhere I can go to scream on the top of my lungs and not cause a scene? HELP
How dare you say so much hurtful things about someone that got you to the fullest? There's nothing Godly about that, that's the devil.
White ppl don't know shit bout black music
Last night when the house music stopped playing and someone turned rap on, it killed me. I honestly wanted to leave after that hahaha
Can't tell if your friends are nice or being jerks
Why does my hip hurt so much:(
To all the people who saw TFIOS before reading the book yall better read Looking For Alaska before the movie comes out
when u make a new ig and the ppl you thought you wuz cool with dont follow back.
queria ir proBrazil mais sem previsao de data=(
Stop stomping the girls under you...are they hot...shut up this is the first time a girl has been under you.
Live in the East Village, but all I hear outside are the sounds of crickets in the garden downstairs.
my room is bare. bed, tv, and 2 dressers
BBQ if we win this fabulous grill! Garden side dinner with roasted chicken!
30 seconds in and I'm already hard
I sound like a dipshit when I tweet. Don't think I don't know.
Sitting on the roof drinking beers, friend's pebble lights up - \"shit, I just made 100k\"
after I eat that, I treat that, then eat that again
Learned to just do your own thing , your better off
30 segundos damnnn!! Go USA!!! Que gol man!!
Nets are officially on crack
SIMPLY. SENSATIONAL. STROIKE
lmfao my cousin is too damn young to be talking about that typa shit with someone that isnt even her boyfriend.
My cousin told me to move on &amp; she loves you.
hit her with a little biggie one on one
Alguien me dice si el Gol de Estados Unidos es el mas rapido de la Copa del Mundo ???
I jus wna drink and talk about life
Wearing my retainer to bed for the first time in.. I can't even tell you how many months. Let's see how long this last
Everything is under construction and I can't walk down the street.. Come on World Trade Center.. I had a long day...
look forward to not coming back into my life
Feels like a Bell blvd night...
the beach is so crowded and I hate people
i thought id love that demi is at pride, but now I'm just getting annoyed. Lovatics taking over pride
lose your mind was the best (half) season
Na, wouldn't want you to get another write up yanno? Since you already got one..
New arrangement is a fancy phrase for cover song.
It's a snapchat kind of night : ohhkaylamarie
I'm hungry again so maybe u should eat salad.
He just kick the ball and walked back like nothing lol
that coco chick was thick but ugly
Why is everyone and their mother at the gym right now.. Go home
k wow now I'm not even tired
All time low: just downloaded the the Kim Kardashian game
Gollllll. 1- USA 1
My obsession w Josh is unhealthy
Not even gonna watch the game
I CALLED VIXX A WEEK AGO. OH MY GOD. I GOT DA POWER.
What are some strategies for a new brand to grow their Instagram following?
I ALWAYS meet some Koo ass ppl at the cemetery good to know there still some good ppl out here
The King of the fall. So excited.
Call your self champagne Papi but only drink sparkling cider FOH
I'm just legit professional YEEE tryna think of old phrases I used to say lol
Where the \" illuminati\" believers at? Aint this the time when yall start yall \"everything is rigged\" nonsense?
What a great weekend! .. Now to catch up on some sleep!
How do I go from happy to sad in like 10 mins..?
Then I just drink a shit ton of water
\"If thou is a man with a piercing on thy tongue, thou is a homosexual. \" \n\n- Leviticus 13:23.
FUCK YEAH !! ON PACE FOR A 180-0 VICTORY OVER GHANA!!!\n
to or not to that is the question?
I start breakfast class Wednesday. Class starts at 3 in the morning and goes until 10:30. A hell of a way to finish my first year at school
I should start seeing the glass half empty so when it spills I'm not as devastated.
I don't understand people who drive with their windows up during the summer... Summer's meant for blasting music and having windows down!!
I'm sick of myself so I threw up
I just saw a bird chance a squirrel
Off work and I got paid
THIS WORLD CUP IS ARROZ CON MANGO
Working out on an empty stomach is going to kill me one day
Aaaaand is through! And poor Gekas is branded for life as a loser.
I love being part of the hype!!
Asking those who have tried it: How difficult is it to actually make a switch from to ? Long phone wait? Service call?
I love it thou, we look hungry
We so far from finished I brought you right back just so we can relive it
I hate when I'm cooking or even eating in the kitchen and someone walks in
someone text me I'm moving into my new house and I'm bored
GO WONDO OR DIE
This suckssss!!! I have laryngitis -.-
And then i was trying to figure out if I was dreaming..
L O L I'm mad gay though so it's ok RT : Aram is so bad at being gay its embarrassing. Just like his bed dancing.
I literally just screamed at Once Upon a Time
USA USA USA USA!!
I've never been in a restaurant for so long without my food...now I'm getting mad
I love how a sheriff just cut me off..
Almost an hour and still no tweet back from guess customer service isn't included with coach seats
Please someone come help me declutter my room
first night of summer and I'm home watching netflix
The best of the world cup!!! \n\n
come with me, play a lil marvin
\"Managing the ongoing relationship with my intuition is like foster-parenting an intoxicated manic-depressive toddler.\"
Gotta wake up early tomorrow but I'm not tired. Oops
Not sure how I feel about the color swap for the new Netflix logo
That's Crazy How They Play Mother &amp; Daughter In TV Shows But Are Married
I'll get that follow back soon xo I just wonder when
Somethings ain't even worth trippen over !
Ladder in the middle of 684 southbound near the Cross River exit. Just a heads up for all the travelers today!
Im on that level where idgf if you dont give. I'm done caring when yoy don't care. So fuck everyone who hasn't text, called, fb, insta, etc
Tomorrow is going to be insane! Get to early, from will be rocking the room on the 1's and 2's!
Wow since summer started, I haven't been on twitter at all
First gym sesh after a full month off ...
Where did all the \"Heat Fans\" go...
PLZ update ur snap chat story one more time
Thought this was supposed to be a great day but it fucking ended horribly and in tears now everything is fucked I hate today
Just can't enjoy all male movies and stories anymore. I can no longer give a fuck.
not the only thing i would do sheesh
Awwwwwwwwwww that's cute he shout out his babygirl
Hmmm what exactly am I going to do today
I know how these teams feel - I'm tired too. Though I've also drank a lot of beer
embracing the fact that im gonna be alone all day
Happy birthdayy !!
I'd be like, \"alright bye asshole\" then work out and lose weight for myself and be all hot and shit. Throw it in that fools face.
I'm gonna miss the African babies... They're so cute :(
Ironic that of all airlines managed to contrive to not get me to Brazil in time for the game.. :(
watching top 100 players in the 2013 NFL season
Oh we got this.
NO I DO NOT CARE HOW YOU SHED 30 LBS AND GOT RIPPED
We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.
No cheeks than Idc bout u
Looooong talk with my bra we thinking about moving to the
Nice back-track on my bf , !
** kinda fucked up there's no lime emoji
Yo if we get a season of Kate and limited Derek I'm gonna go flip a car or something my rage will know no bounds
Tonight is about to be wild
Soo I'll just sit right here and drink this beer.
Swing and a miss. My alma mater is victorious in the 2014 ! Nice to be .
Woo hoo got a full 10 hour day finally! Fuck yeah I'm off too
Inquiring minds want to know RT : But what sweater will Klinsmann be wearing tomorrow?
Finding bug bites you didn't know you had is the worst.
Listening to hardwells edc set on Sirius xm 52 dope as fuck!
I'm watching family guy and eating fruity pebbles
I don't think I can ever read now that they wrote a \"breaking news\" article that Kim kardashian is blonde again.
Pretty sure my right eye is naturally droopy...
GOLLLL LA PUTA QUE LO PARIOOOO
Oh word! some asshole took a shit on your oriental rug, huh?
Lol move the fuck on already,I did.If unfriending\/un follow\/deletemy# helps you then go for it. And no I never still think about you.
\": I'm not afraid of commitment. I'm afraid of committing to someone who won't commit to me.\"
Overly focused far from the time to rest now
Walking by a guy in a suit who is rapping DMX lyrics he's reading on his iPhone...kinda looks like Dave Chappelle? Might be Dave Chappelle.
Hoe u got me f'd up
Only in NY could you leave ya crib at 3 am and genuinely find something to do
I needed a 85 on the social regents to pass... Ya boy go a 87
Well it's official I'm fucked for next year lmaooooooooooooo
\": DIE ANTWOORD. SEPTEMBER 25. FOX THEATRE. OAKLAND.\" lets go lmao
JERMAINE FUCKING JONES!!!!!!!!!
My mom is so annoying. I don't like Malia and that's not gonna change. This is why I don't like watching the same tv shows as you. Go away.
If the school calls about summer school one more time I'm gonna freak
Parker can't miss.
Keeping me in such hot pursuit
Thank god they didn't 3peat
That deserved a red card. It was intentional no one kicks like that while in the air
I'm more thankful for than pasta. That's some real shit.
love and hip hop about to come on
committed? You do not even know who told you what!
Can we get any movies about black excellence? Upcoming of George Washington Carver maybe?
depois vejo quem nao me segue irei retribuir!
A los 30seg
Can my mom start cooking iftar
Frankie Grande annoys me. Sorry Arianna fans. But I can't deal lol.
Happy Independence Day everyone!!! Now let's get destroyed
Seriously tho what's good for tonight
Someone come kill me at work, you can even have my paycheck
NICK CANNON IS GONNA GET GUNNED DOWN JULY 2ND ON THE NEW SEASON OF WILD N OUT FOR LOOKIN LIKE THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Ronaldo pulling a classic Torres.
IM WEARING MY BOYFRIENDS LAMINATE. HE CANT TALK TO ME LIKE THAT
Still can't believe I woke at @ 5am to go to work. S\/o to me.
Seeing a real nigga today
\"There's wings... But also there's beer.\" \n\nis a role model.
Wow skills and so smooth. Flying through the course.
If twitter showed how many times you view a persons profile a day, id be fucked lmao
I forreal need an iPad mini for this commute.
I'm trying so hard to get to The Edge before It closes but so far I've just rolled around on the couch and fallen asleep
Niggas act like I don't know about shit. Pussys I fucking know
Out of work, waiting for my cousinnnn
It could just be the NyQuil
demi se cambia tanto el color de cabello que ya es como ah ok si jaja que bien que sorpresa
I'm fuckin around with two bitches
Today's SCOTUS decisions remind us that the worst tragedy in recent years was the reelection of George Bush in 2004. It's what gave us Alito
I probly forgot how to drive
Say what you want about the Kardashian klan, but Kendall Jenner is beautiful.
and also these solid music folks:
Well now that i finished orange is the new black what else is good on netflix
How it's made: hotdogs....meat batter...enough said
Rest in Peace, Horace Silver. Going to listen to \"Lonely Woman\" now.
\": I hate wearing makeup but I also hate not wearing makeup so it's just really complicated.\"rft lol
Man I ain't never staying that long after school again
i'm still team ghana
Ok that was funny
Thank god I'm leaving sf. This fog is on a whole other level
Welcome to America, dumbest industrialized country with the highest rate of incarceration in the world.
I wish the elote man came by my house.
You made me feel like I belonged to you and I liked it
You know it's some good weed when you get sleepy after the j is out
\"Did they have any extra toupees?\" Line of the night, JBL
Haven't seen my mom in over two weeks
Starting next week im finally going to get the free time i've wanted
Niggas over here missin both free throws and shit , missin alley oops and shit
good thing my parents never feed me EVER
All I want is people to watch games with smh
The lies y'all are committing lol
3 down 5 more to go
I always have chest pains it scares me
When you grow older and wiser all the people that use to matter to you then dont matter anymore and you dont give a danm.
Here's a USMNT Storyline: can still play spoiler.
If it didn't work out the first time , no matter how many years ago, it's not gonna work out a 2nd.
I don't even know how I'm feeling about today
\": it's not that eaaaaasy they were just born they need their mom not me\" Google how to do it where's the mom ?
So what were you really doing?
Anybody wanna drive me to my car?????????????????????????
\": I love scary movies\" yaaas scary movies are the bomb diggity
Americans refuse the stretcher!
At the dentist... This wisdom tooth needs to do !!
Im needa have a talk with my neighbor
Lost my keys .. But it's okay because the can driver smoked us up.....
Why does my room always smell like weed???? I don't even smoke
My son may be the runt out of all the kids his age, but he's most definitely one of the strongest.
THE PLANE'S BOUTTA BE BOARDING RLLY SOON BUT IM STILL IN LINE FOR FOOD
Can I be on vacation forever?
Messi is the Tyrion Lannister of Argentina.
When I'm at the gym please do not stand unnecessarily close to the machine I'm using OR stare at me while you're doings reps.
My phones literally gonna blow up one day it's always so hot
Ummmm just saw a PLL commercial and Ali is alive?????
Oh dear! You already tweeted that... AONDE QUE EU NAO ME ALEMBRO
Chris rock is funny , but if a white comedian did that in the grammys.. Blacks would go crazy
2011 Red Sox big \": How big of a lead did SF once have in the NL West?\"
Hehehe well no wonder.my name don be sun fuck shit beam lookie time
12 3 pointers from the spurs!!!
After a 50 hour work week I can't even begin to describe how happy I am that I have the next two days off
get your shit together and pull your head out of your ass
this car ride will be the death of me.
sometimes I wonder y I have a big grudge against you, then I remember. and I don't give a fuck, like you didn't .
she eye'n me like a nigga don't exist, gurl i know u want this dickkk
what was the tweet that was hacked??
Rugrats movie is on. Awww yeeeeah!
Aqui os dejo mi ultimo consejo de Objetivo Bienestar\/T1\/C2\/(22-06-14) programa de de en
Happy birthday! still cant believe you took my desk in 3rd grade
Id rather be in no company...rather than being in bad company
But I don't wanna clock back in :(
9 months of my fucking life wasted what a joke
Finally something to do in the damn town
I WANTED TO ASK FOR PIC BUT I WAS AFRAID THEY WOULD GET MAD AND PUT A CURSE ON ME
Just found a big ass spider...under my bed of all places. Good thing I didn't want to get a good nights sleep or anything...
YouTube kind of take over my life
This dude just called our prof. by her first name
Oh look. It's past 2:30, and I'm still awake. Are you guys surprised? Cause I'm not.
You don't cross my mind, you live in it.
|going Dallas Stars green for his tie today.
Fantastic match! Bad News Barrett retains his
Why we wearing puerto Rico uniforms
I keep getting weird looks and then I remember that people don't usually wear tiaras on the reg
Bout sick of this stomach rap bullshit you wanna lose some weight go work for it!
\"Put your obsessions into writing and the solutions will appear.\" Simine de Beauvoir in Violette the movie.
If you keep Christ at the center of every relationship then that relationship will become that much better
Tomorrow my mommas 45th bday and she be lookin like early 30s
Netflix need to step their game up frfr n play some old school good ol shows
someone smoke with me
I think I would make an exception if my grandma decided to give me her Lexus.. But even with that you can shift if you want
Ita. About to Go down! may the best win!
Vodka flows through my veins
Eh do I detect there? IMHO I didn't find the track all that exciting?...
I need some real people in my life, word to everything
Argentina still ass I could've scored against 20 minutes ago
Literally waiting for my food while drooling in my couch
LDRs ain't for me. Have had a taste of it. It's bad enough not having a whip in my own city forcing us to only see each other so often.
Somebody wanna be my tutor for C#.net programming language?
Never live your life for others....
Can't even text u to make me feel better
I rt and favorite almost everything so yeah
Nothing says \"Happy Birthday USA\" like having to work all day in a job you hate
Come to think of it idk where my autographed Dizzy wright EP went..... Uh oh
I sleep way to much but I love it
Someone just asked me if I had a scrunchie lol
Im gonna be honest I don't even fear dying, just hope I could pass my seed on &amp; have my family living well
When in doubt, eat her out.
The whole \"growing up\" thing doesn't hit you until friends and acquaintances start getting married and having kids.
Wade a bitch
LOLing at the commercial with the time machine
Just let melo go and rebuild this shit ..
Cat and Leo's ship name can be Cleo!!!
Not sure if I should keep my green hair or not
Need a bad chick to roll my trees ..
Ok but seriously Bennett on is James' twin
Another day of shooting draws to a close.
It's called, \"A Salute to All Nations But Mostly America.\"
My mommy is the cutest bringing me breakfast to work
Oh my duck
for once going to bed early.
The worst thing to not have is time
Ochoa is killing it for
Kitty litter as a commodity
It's safe to say I found a lens that's $1500 and I want it. bad.
--\nUsh y Todo Lo Que Uno Hace Por Esa Persona -.-\"
Jones you're an animal!!
when I look at the CEO venue I keep thinking of Defend the north
I hate being in public and hearing \" oh shit is that Quan little sister\"
Hate that I haven't been with Jim in 24 hours
I hate seeing you and just pretending like I don't care.
I really hav a soft spot for dogs now lol
Denis Kudla def. Marsel Ilhan \n7-6,6-4, 4-6, 7-5 in the 1st round of .
Lebron has made his own legacy which cannot be compared to Mj or Kobe, their legacies happened
Riverside is taken more serious than Sunday Mass during this time of year , see you niggas in hell
**stays up to watch a movie I've watched a million times
Building strength and balance lately but inspired by to step up my cardio game and build up the most important muscle!
Wow my mom's been gone for a week and she goes I don't kno I'm a come home when I feel like it , oh okay
Kids from down the shore are a different breed
Now that I have my permit I just want to drive everywhere
This lady did that ill 3pt turn in her wheelchair lmaoo
Drinking in the shower I'll fuck wit it
Where's my baby zadddddy Aubrey at tho
People in this world today. All I can say is
Well that was fast
Also is legit trending right now? MIIIKE!!
So I have to ask... Are they turning on heather since day one this season cuz she doesn't drink and party? Lol and Shannon does?
Madonna's vogue &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that retarded shit you gays be doing
I need to do anything but go home right now
You guys, I almost closed out the anniversary of 's death without tweeting about it. Feeling all the feels, per usual.
When a bitch tell me my nigga for everybody......... Hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahah is you mad? Or naaaaaahhhhh
Im really high asf ready to go to bed \nBut ima stay up fa me baby
Some time I just wanna tell girl stop talking about your bf and him buying new cars must of US men don't stay with mom and pay bills
but he's adorable so it's okay
I swear you gone make a nigga fall in love
I still love you, Mason. Even tho ur a piece of shit thot
I need to follow white ppl,I want to see different conversation and thoughts
CMR 0-1 .
The passnger threw up all over the car, and threw up all over corner on Ludlow.
Pia me cuenta las cosas tiernas que le dice el novio, mira que no me siento para nada sola eh...
So bored. Someone come watch movies with meeee
I can show you how to fly the fuck out
No jozy :( we need you
Stay away from people who make you feel like you're hard to love
just finished my first full week of work...i need a drink, or five
Awww the big 3 look so defeated.. STOP yall are blessed beyond measure. you cant win em all
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take
I swear i got back problems my back stays hurting
DONT EVER PUT DRESS TAPE ON YOUR BOOBS MY NIPPLES ARE ON FIRE
Goal in less than a minute already ??
We be smoking in this bitch
how bout we make the chem exam a group effort tomorrow :)
BET it's garbage haven't watch an award show since that whack ass MJ tribute.
The usa was bound to score!!!!! &gt;=\/
I'm debating on looking presentable or bumming it on the plane tomorrow
I Really wish I had my swim suit right now. Ughh
trying to find a red dress is just as difficult as trying to wake up before noon
Well I'm annoyed
just woke up ._. xDD
I should not be driving
So tired of being fucking used.
lmfaoooo im not even a bossy manager i be like \"uhm excuse me, uhm (my manager) said if you can please sweep please\" lmfaooo
I just wanna turn up on twitter lol
Kate Uptons body represents a Perdue chicken nugget
Foods the only thing on my mind
Beastie Boys forever on my workout playlist
Why you playin, I know you heard my name
Sweet friday night. Not. Hopefully I get this job in syracuse so I can move back to Oswego.
im telling you the winner of vs is gonna go on to win the world cup
Trust me.. you'll know when I no longer give af
(6) Tomas Berdych def. Victor Hanescu 6-7, 6-1, 6-4, 6-3 in the 1st round of .
built not bought
What a little moonlight can dooo
Pretty Hurts is just a beautiful song. A stadium song. Bey can do no wrong.
Or end up losing em and then I'll be like Chuckie Finster in that one Rugrats episode.. Or wait.. Unless Angelica Pickles stole em from him?
No turn on red makes me wanna honk at the light
Omw home from Atlantic city. Beautiful trip once again.
Million dollar mind, Billion dollar grind
I really don't get what I do in my life concerns you.. I really don't.
Don't sub for defense here. Counter and try to get another
8: you and I need to hang :(
Stiles has a better chance of becoming alpha before follows me. loll
Being single going into Pride will be the best thing ever.
I just feel like bursting out
dyeing for a blunt
Will there be a zombie apocalypse ?
If you look closely at 12:01 AM you can observe white girls in their natural habitat posting Instagram collages for their friends birthdays
it doesn't even feel like summer
gave up so much to just get fucked over
somebody tell em bros im single for the night
If you're not on the Spanish channel you're doing it wrong
I bring smoothies and juices in mason jars to work. Yup.
Awesome job at testing last night!
Glad my boys are okay
When I'm done with school, I'm dipping to mex
I can't stand you, go crawl into a hole
JERMAINE JONES LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
oomf stay on twitter but can never text me tf back
Some of These girls look dumb as fuck wearing a bucket hat.
After not having phone reception for 5 hours it feels good to use it again LOL
got out on the side of the road to check if we had a flat tire and my dress flew up flashing my bare ass to all of the passing cars...... ok
I feel like when she moves...the time doesn't.
I always did what I was supposed to do lol I'm really like the perfect child but I need to live my life and be independent
That Brazil game was good today
Ronaldo ain't right. He completely shanks a breakaway.
My face and body resemble one of a horse.
Wars build economies. Now peace trains. With the voice of God on the heidiHone...
you know, these were white when I bought them.
Omg that truck is always passing by.. and doest even live around here. Im pretty sure it doesnt.
I put the clamps on real quick
And plan C is Brock Lesnar
Manu pop a Molly and sweat wooo
Happy 4th to the best console on the planet . Also happy 4th to xbox one dreamteam and
It's all just a waste now
Someone bring me a pizza pls and thanks
Yes!!!!!!! Go USA!!!!! Huge goal! Let's close this out
What did you tell me ppl are called that collect some girl stuff?
Taken for granted
Can't believe I'm actually on my way to the gym right now
Oh dear god
The more of the world I see, the more I realize NOTHING will ever compare to San Diego, California.
BEST BELIEVE THAT AINT ABOUT YA'LL LMFAO
What a way for Timmy and Manu to go out
Which girl wants to take me out to dinner for my birthday?
All these \"bae I wanna fuck\" on my Ig tl.
It's not truly summer until you lacerate your finger while eating crabs.
I wanna crowd surf with this bitch. Her name is
Haley should just suck on her own tampon already she's all obsessed with her period
Trying to eat a salad while wearing lipstick is the real struggle.
Gotta keep a wide variety at all times cuz you neva know when a nigga gon slip
Two weeks until our triennial family trip to HAWAII. Will have to work a bit while I'm there, so you should all feel really sorry for me :-)
\"Do you think I can outrun Chasen\"- Doug.
Doesn't hurt to be a little spontaneous at times
Job interviewers always ask why I quit a law internship...how bout cuz I got bills &amp; working for free wasn't paying for it?
First day of the third camp over...in n out really came in clutch.
Season 2 of \"Under The Dome\" is finally back on.
I think I might die if doesn't get to number 1 or if doesn't follow me
Nicole is the only person ik that would bring an edible to orientation
Is the parade worth it? Do I want to wake up early af and sweat and get sore for days and get a sunburn? Blood, sweat and tears?!!?!?!
\":I laugh a lil bit so the moment not awkward\" U REAL
and did not sleep at all
I have an 8pm for 2 tonight I unfortunately can no longer use\/cancel and so is available
Damn good save
Hearing Eddie Guerrero's theme song gave me chills
The way I ride, and her boyfriend lied
relatable teen quotes dot gov
My GF said, while listening to From Beta to \"not the words, but the music reminds me of the movie
Too many people here at the gym
\": lol because it be \"ain't shit\" niggas doing it....so they gone only attract \"ain't shit\" females\" FACTS
*laying in bed on tinder* * pops up* \"HI RACHEL\" *swips right and casually continues on*
.hated being beat on NSA stories last year. So \"being the pushy broad that I am\" she called The Guardian to team up.
I still watch watch teen wolf....fuck you guys lol
Who do you think is going to win tonight? Team Portugal or Team USA ?
To go for a run or not to go for a run
Dear,Is a Thot?
She popped that pussy on a Monday..
A big fuck you to the guy at the guy who thought it was funny to step on the scale when I was weighing myself
RAE AND JO TAKE LA 2K15 LETS MAKE IT HAPPEN
Go fuck yourself that's all I gotta say
Such a bad song but... We dem boyz..
I'm about to sleep on the couch tonight
The beach is freezing right now
Still have no idea where I wanna go for college
I woke up this morning &amp; I forgot I cut my hair, so I started freaking out.
Gooool de EE.UU
shout out to McNeal for giving me the wrong book to do my work!
The text itself is yet another prop, an artificiality over which to exert dominion. +
im at bar myself again w dog food
Damn. Dempsey scored 32 seconds into the game. go USA !!
Dude. I just wanna walk around bed stuy.
Who else thinks has more testicular fortitude then all Libs combined.
Is it bad that shawn isn't our little secret anymore?
Hopefully bc I never finished last season lol
Some of the first things to tip me was verbiage use in tweets everyone has there style and lingo
He unfollowed me then tried following me AGAIN. Dude you need to chill
Well i think miamis breaking up for sure now ;(
Those years of joy. It's amazing aweee. They make me wanna cry. Yasssss.
Home at 8:30. \nSustainable pace rating: low.
Wait for Ronaldo tomorrow folks
Does Bryan Silva even realize he's a joke to the internet or nah?
Don't confuse liking a person with having a deeper need for something they have to physically offer.
Summer is like a New Years Resolution, you always think it's going to be different every year.
-' Si no me llamas no te llamo,si no me buscas no te busco.. '
What history here at !! Some very cool stuff and the beach too !!
Whenever I hear the word relationship, I always remember that \"dating\" isn't the only type of relationship out there lol
Dam doubles at work... Hate workin allday
That invisible chair picture is not fucking funny stop RTing it
Robin thicke I'm going to need you to watch your mouth while talking to bae
Jon : I need to go to the bathroom me : fuckyou Lil boy should of gone when I see to
I've decided once I got carmel, I'm dreading my hair
Fuck that! Fuck pk's. Fuck Costa Rica. Fuck soccer.
Sparks fly like the 4th of July
\"Life is the better classroom\"- Sven Wiedenhaupt
Someone hook it up with some plans anyone
I hate when girls comment each other's pictures saying stuff like ur so hot or ur perfect ... Like no she actually isn't
Who wants to hang out and look at views and stuff?
OH MY GOSH PLEASe stop I don't care
Cunt wait 2 be back in 2 weeks
You're still making Facebook statuses bitching about people... Let's all take a moment and pray.
What a shot!!!!
I sure have a lot of gay for a straight dude.
We go to the bottom of the ninth at with trailing 6-4 need a
Whatever happened to the La Quinta Longhorns?
Im doing what makes me happy, fuck yall.
Is loving the breeze that's coming in my house
Addys Xan's Percs Oxy and your bitch to end my night off right shit I might OD
Why do girls always gotta worry about a panty line but dudes just get to show their underwear all the time??? Man fuck society
ladies of twitter, please send me your denim recommendations. I have to buy new jeans and have yet to find my brand :(
Then when I get back, it'll be like two days until the paramore concert c:
Work Building landlord turned our water off with no warning &amp; no explanation tonight. If I had warning it'd be 1 thing but I dont so I'm mad
Open up your mind and see like me
I'm having a masquerade ball for my sweet16
god I realllllly hate this part.
NO. NOT MY BOY, JOZY.
We ain't gotta make up just kiss me, \nwe could straight up blame it on the whiskey
10 you live down the street Katie I'm telling your dad if you sneak in boys
I'm a walking bomb threat rn
I'm also sick of replacing shit that I didn't break.
I love when my parents talk about how ghetto they used to be lmao
I just want to go home
2 tired 2 function
Excited for Brazil
Complimentary bag check for being small
bound! I'm so excited and in one day!
Also why don't you just award McDavid to L.A.? Let the draft fixing begin.
I have an addiction to buying statement pieces of jewelry
Zamn Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing.
wtf I missed a goal already
hate when the person you like texting has to go
These 5 weeks better fly by
And we have a trade. James Neal to the Preds.
90% in my tl about Shawn's new single and the 10% about
zendaya dropped out of the aaliyah biopic. lifetime should just scrap the project
Whoever decided that wing stop is open until 12 is the best person on this entire planet.
Wait.... Shaggy is playing at the fair this year
I honestly hate beer .... Id rather chug tequila
I don't know why I've been feening for IHOP.
Here go you drunk ass warrior fans RT : Warriors winnin shit next year...
Dios mio hay que meterle con ganas :')
2a1 no 2a0
Yes I'm going out in a sweatshirt....it's my nice sweatshirt.
Bitches love rain but wait till a lighten bolt falls on yo damn house and burns the weave right off yo head
its scary to have a kid walk this earth
People that cant think for themselves on their relationships make me sick
\": No friends = no plans. \"
What does it say about my life that opening up a new mop at work has been the highlight of my past two weeks?
Literally running to the sports bar with
Super pumped for Sunset Overdrive. One of the few things that actually make me want an Xbone
All I want in life is like a sleeve of Disney tattoos.
Whatevs. I'm just gonna try and turn on the sleep now
Talking shit isn't going to get you very far....
Buddhism is a way of life. I wouldn't want to live any other way.
When people ask me where Im from and I say Angola half the people say \"where the fuck is that\" and the other half go \"oh well sorry to hear\"
You gone make them eggs cheesy with them grits or nah?
Soooo Kenny Chesney just came out with a new single and its awesome
Maybe I overreact.. maybe I don't care if I overreact
\"She had a fire dumper\"
They ain't even celebrate that wack ass gol.
Is this lil nigga relevant in RV ?
Asegurar El Futuro De Mis Hijos y El De Los Hijos De Mis Hijos'88
I'm bouta blow up baby:) so happy with all these opportunities
Lord help me at work today 1pm-10pm this is gonna be a long ass day with just 3 days like I didn't do overtime yesterday night
The lady I nanny for paid me 40 buh just for driving her daughter to the doctors....
Another beautiful day in Brooklyn.
I've always acted the same way so if u take offense to shit I say or do dats ur problem cuz I'm not gone change
I feel like I shouldn't be complaining...but this fucking sucks.
my mom after one beer in an exaggerated Polish accent: \"I'm totally drunk\" smh
Tonight is going to be a long night..
That's some sick shit , that's an ill bitch - when you dead broke she make you feel rich
I can't stand people who aren't grateful for what they have
The boys did great today! One more practice and then it's time for summer league!
It is an absolute crime that Bosnia didn't get a point, but that's soccer for you.
Bring your flat iron to work day.
Kanye west -white dress
Yikes! I know of 2 people who are BIG Fans \n\nvia
I didn't know babies came out of your asshole
\": Complex got at on the best rapper list...good thing nobody pays there nonsense any mind...\" So Disrespectful
I really wanna talk to you, but know I really shouldn't
Happy 4th and God Bless America
Early morning jayla misbehaving already :|
Live fast die young and leave a beautiful corpse
Never watch that shit on netlix smh aha
they dont know the half they only know what i tell them .
\": i wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 3am just looking at the stars\" pwease
Happy birthday you crazy kids, party hard
I fucks with the old you the new you is lame
Its kind of crazy that so many \"dj\" habe more twitter followers then bassnectar like huh?
Stayin w\/ 2 Australians I met the other day in Brooklyn. They've never been this high before. Learning about life across the world
I didn't even see him after 2nd period
\": shout out to my co host and \" GREAT JOB DUDES!!
How you stayin faithful in a room full of hoes
License for one hour... Already drag raced...
I wish my boyfriend didn't talk to me like I'm a baby
When it's sin vs grace ... Grace always wins
Univision is the reason why everyone hates Mexico tbh
I guess watching the witches is one way to help me get over my fear of mice
Arcade Fire definitely split opinions. I like them. But I like them less than I did before. So there.
I think she doing this on purpose.
...why is little mix in the car next to me
aWWW! L a cubanita se paso al mejor equipo! Los vengadores Bienvenida!
Gekas I'm sure you feel like shit
Searching for the perfect white dress. Why is it so hard to find?
Arctic Monkey feelz
Smoke his ass like some ganja
OH MY GOD MY MOM JUST GAVE ME A MEAT STICK AND DIDNT REALIZE SHE WAS SUPPOSED TO COOK IT FIRST. I just ate raw meat??? And it was good???
is such a dope tape. The features all fit so well
I dare to say Im the hardest worker in NYC
dont stress sluts cus they need love the most
is that real you had to sit out frosh year cause of a C and what's the lesson? .
So I guess I'm going to the beach tomorrow
Meanwhile all the kids in my chem class including me: WE'RE GONNA DIEEE.
I have ridiculously bad luck in men these days.....
She must not know she give me 2mins and it's on !
LETS GO that's the way to start
Bruh the things I would do to this man. Lmao chill chill
Ugh. And saw tonight. My life has been made.
99ers more like the 2014ers
Let's go offense! Get on that board...at least 3 times!
guys callum is not Japanese, he's Asian my goodness
WTF is good for today ??
I hope one of my grandkids is born in the year 2069
enserio soy muy pesados con la pelicula de tengo ganas de ti eh pero que muy pesados
IVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
Maybe I'll go buy some dry ice for fun
what the fuck is the World Cup anyway I expected speed stacking and I got fuckin soccer where are the cups
Why do brain freezes have to happen I feel like I'm going to die in my seat
EN UN CON CON SUS ARMAS POSITIVAS CONTRA X RT
This World Cup will go down as the greatest
Rash AND sunburn? My god... Can't take me anywhere
i plugged my phone in and the music was loud for like a second and my mom got so scared she almost swerved...it wasnt even loud calm down
I can't even with the BET awards memes tonight lol
Can't wait to play club soccer next year
Ahaha has Emily heard me talk politics yet
IS MY LAYOUT OK
Im about to go nuts up in here!!!\n\nMY SON HAS BEEN SAVED!!!! HALLELUJAH!!!!! GLORY TO THE LAMB OF GOD!!!!
76k and still chip leader at 2nd break. 55 left 18 paid
Hate coming home to Ridley with nothing to do
If u don't want to like someone too much, make sure u don't look at their website
Sumi said \"I have to take a fat ass shit right now\" oh so ladylike
MGMT and The Strokes should totally tour together next year.
Could anything piss off the Brits more than blowing up Wembley??
kept on kicking over and missing the goal
You know the sky isn't fuckin around when it literally sounds like it's cracking in half before you get that huge boom
When I was at work today these little six year old girls came up to me dressed like they were in highschool and asked if we had wifi smh:\/
My mom made my dog chicken and bought my dog ice cream but here I stand without chicken or ice cream
So hype for the USA game tomorrow
Ugly ppl that think their nice car distracts ppl from them being ugly &lt;
get high just to get by
I think being a Bayformers's apologist maybe some film hipster shit. Lol it's kinda adorable but really sad.
Missy Elliot has been my girl since '05
I over slept. Fuck.
Someone do something with me considering my family just left me to go to the Mohawks game
IF YOU CAN SEE THE MOON RIGHT NOW PLEASE GO OUTSIDE AND LOOK AT IT. ITS MAGICAL.
Messi is so dirty
Big Freedia album is just one big twerk, I love it lol
I wish I could dye my hair blue again without it looking tacky plz help
She wants me to buy her a real sword and hide it with me so her mother doesn't take it away but she can use it when I babysit her
We've been wanting something this good for a while
wondering:Casey Stengel # 37 retired as both a Met and Yankee-Wondering if any player has same # retired by 2 teams
Y'all females keep dying y'all hair not gon be happy till ya hair in your hands tbh.
I have to get up for school in 5rs
you can't ever tweet anything from a Andre 3k verse cuz it's too much stuff like what why is everything important ???!!!!!
TIL Background lyric in Peter Gabriel's \"Games Without Frontiers\" is \"Jeux Sans Frontieres\"; French for title; not \"She's So Popular\".
LOL PPL TWEETING ABOUT THINGS OTHER THAN THE WORLD CUP. DONT THEY KNOW THIS IS WAR BUT, LIKE, COOL TO TWEET ABOUT?!?!?!
Omg Mecican fans are so ignorant I sware. Most of them don't know the simple rules of soccer and what is a foul and what's not a foul
But a nigga like me will never cheat on Stephanie.
Sometimes a rain day like this is nice
Boutta take a nap til 730 cuz I've been awake since 7 am yesterday
I should just move far far away and live alone where no one can be fucking annoying
Love the phillies, but when you been shut out 10 times ALLREADY it's tough to win the division.......pretending\/ not contending!
Metal show date tonite then back to my tomorrow. I'm so baby
Especially doing something you actually want to do
I always splurge on beauty products or things that can improve my overall health\/image ..
Wow not sleeping feels almost like normal except AWFUL
Little late but last night may have been one of the cutest things ever. Like the whole day was just perfect.
Spending this beautiful Friday night in my bed watching the food network.. I'm okay with this
Com jugadores como los argentinos y como los franceses quien no se hace porrista pes,
Juguemos hacer novios, el que se enamora pierde :3 ?
Patty mills should be fined 5k
4 weeks ahead I thought that I should think some more I'm f***ed in the head and my mind is turning into a whore
i wish i had some fuckin ribs
Met James Franco tonight and whatever
A lot of people are taking the cal train to sf for the game . Which is extremely good news for me less chances of me getting lost
So much for not doing shots
Just gonna lay in bed and wish Jacob was here with me.
disney channel will always be my fave
remember when Joe double tapped that shit on Instagram
With today's technology, your kids will be able to find every picture you ever posted.
Love when my son's call chef
\"Eres eso que no quiero perder nunca.\"
Was Soulymankhan hit because of his eyes?
One way ticket to Ecuador plz and thnx
Just so you guys know Shay Bay have in &amp; texted me back.
This is when I rt all my old rachet shit
If you aren't drinking, then you aren't playing.
Can I live? &amp; can I just put on by myself for once?
Fuck I forgot my iPod charger dam
Literally jam to Remix to Ignition 24\/7
My dad is snoring so loud he just woke himself up.
Everyone breaks out into USA! USA! USA! USA!
Bradley just kicking it into defenders.
Harrison Ford looks like he can be Luke's Skywalker's grandpa if he had one. They should just hire me to be Han Solo in the next movie.
Leave me ~the fuck~ alone.
Called it, I quit hahahahaha fuck this place
Still afraid to hang my feet off the sides of my bed
Guys that walk on their tippy toes give me the heebie jeebies.
FFS Stop bombarding me with stupid questions it's exasperating!
That was going wide until the deflection of the defender.
If your fake I'm cool with it at least I know. A little 411 for you I'm not...
Sada kad se raspali soping neki
Lol the nets don't have a coach
TELL ME WHERE YOURE HIDING YOUR VOO DOO DOLL
I'm texting you out of pity. Just so you know.
Hype AF to be going to FL today it's been 4 years!!!
I honestly love being in my room
I ate half of a cheeseburger and I'm already full as he'll
what's the biggest bottle of wine available?
go follow kartreintimates t\nFor a free giveaway
I just want to lay in my bed forever
It takes a lot for me to get pissed off and I'm pretty pissed off right now
5 Not that we are sufficient in ourselves to claim anything as coming from us, but our sufficiency is from God,
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
lmao im too grown for this kid shit. keep talkin ill keep makin money. my skin is worth more than your car lmfao
Heaven is a place on earth with you...
Sometimes it's better to be heartless. For your benefit
\"chris rock not funny\" they said \"Chris rock corny\" they said . Now yall on his weewee
Sad because never gonna get a follow from but happy because my mom agreed to buy me the album
I don't follow Soccer, so I'm not going to jump on the bandwagon just because it's America.
Zeds dead makes deep house????? Since when???
Will: what do you even spend money on.\nMe: I normally spend money on food......and nonsense
y Ahora va entrar Lukas Biglia...?
I didnt know cold stone was giving free ice cream !!! So stoked!!
Hahaha this is an easy last few hrs of my shift! Sweeettttt
I do wanna get in that key hole .... Wait why am I watching this
They say it as if I really have to take care of babies
oh shoot i forgot the apostrophe in \"you're\"
I get to see all my soccer kids today (:
I'm finna flex on the gram with that shit too
Well then 'Murica not wasting any time there..
The line for disabled children and adults at Disneyland is now longer than the general one.
First thing I learned, never cuffed a girl that smashed one of ya right hand bro's.
I gave the nod of approval after a decent game.
I got that real good feel good stuff
JUST GOT A BEAT FROM ME &amp; BOUT TO TAKE OFF
I'd marry someone rn just for them to itch my back until I fall asleep lmao
Okay so I need to get ready and stop playing around !!!
\"Fucking copy cats\"
I ordered some luggage from Sears online for store pick up yesterday at 830am- still no ready for pick up email -
Wow I suck. I really, really suck
I want to hang out with my bestfriend today!
....what, no \"Adios Amigos\", ?
Don't stress over stuff you can't change.
Ready to shower and pass the f out
Learned the hard way that most photographers don't separate nudity &amp; sex
do u know how many times I've tweeted? more than 100 times. No cam. I TOLD YALL.
It's here...one more day to a very long year.
Did Amazon steal tilt scrolling from ? Apple is doomed!
Lew Wolff is a selfish owner that does not care about Oakland or the a's his only concern is the money. deserves better then that.
I think my body hates me after this weekend.
Lol now everyone is all about the World Cup now only because the US plays today
Nothing makes my country twang come out like a couple drinks and the song \"big green tractor .\"
Everybody wants me to cut my facial hair off...........haters
Christiano Ronaldo is a drama queen
Que hermoso debe ser tener un accidente y que te vaya a visitar justin. basta me ilusiono.
Whaattt \nDid they really?\nFuck you off, you can't eliminate Aguero
When you get home and realize you left your ID to get into your office in your office.
Para estar de pie en la vida, hay que estar de rodilla ante Dios ..
Take the contact out ya eye. You're far from lookin fly, gettin E for effort and T for nice try
The fact that I am free from regents\/APs\/standardized testing for the rest of my life makes me oh so happy
Leaving for Hamden tomorrow thank God. Now I just need to pack for like 8 weeks...
Someone just snapchatted me the nastiest vagina I've ever seen or fresh road kill. Whatever it was...gross
I think it'd be best for me to move to Florida in September.
Why did you kiss me to make my heart beat outtta my chesttttt
Aw, come on Kim Jong-un, lighten up! It's just a movie. -yo!
I ain't no angel i still have few more dances with the devil....
Talk about the Real Deal James Neal to Nashville...*insert pens fan statement saying he wasn't good to begin with*
You learn from everything only a fool doesn't take note
Cuz baby you make me feel ....
the daily struggle as I want fraiche but i'm too lazy to drive downtown palo alto
I could easily drink 3 large coffees a day, that's prob an issue
She's not RT : If I'm ever married my wife gone have to understand that I'm going to sleep in the other room after I smash.
Gotta get me a spot on that show about virgins
Ran my 40 in 6.7 :-)
SHELLEY IS SO PRETTY IM GONNA CRY
Cuando la tipa llora e porque le duelee y si el moreno e duroo? Ella lo mantieneeee
The africans b turnt in the crowd lmao
Hearts are wild creatures that's why our ribs are cages
As a child my aspiration in life was to become Pocahontas
Why? Just why.
feels nice to be back to civilization
Wait wouldn't your face being a term of endearment be a compliment?
married to the MOB but im a Bachelor baby!
I'm just playing bad day by Daniel powter as I walk around the house
My twitter app is straight buggin' I'm just trying to live tweet wrasslin' with
Like the whole city is covered in fog and clouds tf man lol
First day of work in the city tomorrow
In the bottom of a real tall cold drink.\nChillin' with some Skynyrd and some old Hank.
Rachel doesn't care there is 2 people at her \"party\"
Flabbergasted is a great word
Most of the guys on World Cup tonight would make great foreign movie villains
Viernes a en pesar este fin de semana largo para disfrutar
Driving test finally this Friday yasssss
IF U THROW ME IN THE JUNGLE ILL COME OUT WIT A FUR COAT U HERD
I'm all over this nwa movie
This man just giving dark skin niggers a bad name
I hope vegas is what they say it is because new york isnt
Apparently the AC is only broken in MY room. Typical.
Now would not be a good time to discuss where basketball fits in 's picture of God being one substance. We'll put that on hold.
Gooooooalllllll!!!! Finally!!! what a goal by Jones!!!
30 seconds in!!!!
\": My dance style ranges from white dad at a barbecue to stripper whose rent is due tomorrow\" hahahaha
I finally found the Rodger and Hammerstein Cinderella on YouTube. Sure it's shifty quality,but it will have to do!
If any guy goes on a date with a woman and At the restaurant she asks if she can have Hennessey, that's not a woman you take out to eat lol
Mimi a dumb ass bitch she might as we'll say she leaked the sht too
Real talk 's tweets are always funny
I remember my first temper tantrum
Heat gave up in the 3rd quarter
I think I just made a little boy's day
.Everyone should know where it goes when you go!
I just realized that the cartoons I used to watch contain a bunch of sexual innuendos.
I'm gonna miss everyone from lambda
We walked into thus world naked so its only natural tht I walk around my house naked too.
Are the any faithful niggas left?
Watching Brad Pitt in \"World War Z.\" He was AWESOME in this!
Why you gotta be so rude?
Let's fucking go!!!!!!
Terrible advice. MT \"Be willing to get fired for a great idea. That's easy to say but you should. Spike Jonze.\"
The blacker the berry the sweeter the juice ayee my boy
My eyebrow game is always strong
I'm tired of people riding against me .... Like FUCK YOU bc you ain't shit but beneath me at the end of the day
She can dish it out but can't take it lol
i nev argue about nba chips, 90% of ya don't watch ball till the finals and just go for whoever goes against lebron.
I spent half of my lunch in the bathroom...
If only the timing was right
There no way I can make it without you
The role of GC is evolving from pure legal advisor and counsellor to also being a valued business advisor to leadership
I need to swang, it's been a minute
I TEND TO SNACK MORE WHEN I'M CHILLING UP ALL NIGHT...UGH
Not everyone like to see you doing good
This calls for some major aloe man
Society needs to imply and vouch for educational classes on teaching girls how to be women.
If I see one more Tiffany lamp on Antiques Roadshow I am gonna throw my TV out of the window onto the bus stop
The fact im 100% going to at least five festivals this Summer is amazing
Shit it's the worst thing ever
So many porn pics on my TL rn.
Nice guys finish last? Bullshit they don't even finish.
Ginobili did not just do that !!!!
Wish I could go back 4 &amp; Friends at Auer Hall. is writing some tunes, I hear. Rock it! I'm
Can I just get this lab test over with holy shit
Its too hot to be outside watching that shit
Dempsey put that in with his hammer
I'm like completely done now tbh
Are run was cut short not deserved
166- we got so close this year in health and I love you!! Your perf and so funny
Why does everything in Middletown have to be so dramatic
\": onions are literally a food necessity I love them too\"
There's a reason why idgaf and I'm not gonna hold out my hand to hang out.
dream to me | dom k
\"We set a trail of raisins to get the raccoons in our room so we can party with them\"
\"Game of Thrones\" is the best show on television. By a wide margin.
The concept of Elysium is cool to think about.
I'm starting to not like this nigga
Them dreads tho
How can you compare Luis Siarez to Mike \nTyson? One eats like American ear the other Italian shoulder.
cant wait to get this money over the summer, lol
The Phantom of the Opera was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!
Always my fault no matter what the fucking situation is
This whole caring thing is really working
Now there's an ice cream truck the combination of that and the sirens sounds like the intro to a sick dubstep song
Hate not being able to sleep at night
i love where i work, but these ten hour long shifts are brutal
22 I wanna see you again soon this summer
why do I cry so much when I get frustrated ugh bye!!!!!!!
Good news. Didn't vomit after Pilates. Win for the day.
fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side til 3005
She was so bad I wanted to leave work and go with her, her sister and her mom lol
why am I listening to baby making music lol
Sitting on the Tarmac at sfo thank goodness has tv so I can watch the go USA!
before you judge me .. make sure your perfect !
They'll follow you. Yet don't fuxk with you . Just to keep up with you.
lol my mom asked me why I seemed silly and happy today... its just that rare
Every time. The moon shines I become alive.
Choppin up all the doubters see, now watch em count the bodies like bitches be countin calories
freakonomics radio is the best
Make or break season for ARob
Prob like 8 people tops from LHS have texted me first since graduation.
I honestly don't know how I end up with random cuts on my face
It's weird some friends I met on twitter are actually nicer and talk more than some friends I've known longer.
\"Let's go meet Nick Cannon at Warped Tour\"
Game of thrones season 4 finale &gt; Nhl final &gt; nba final
None of this is setting well...
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice.
ummm.....my grandfather just opened the door on me when I just got outta the shower... D:
I know one day it'll come along ...
I want to see all my old friends again..
Let's goo spurs.
a pior coisa, qnd vc explica mais de mil vezes uma coisa pra pessoa, e ela n entende
Mmm Hii Abuser I mean ..
I just want the riches I dont wanna be famous
I don't want to get up are you kidding
R u proud of me
Must love pissing me off .
my family does not understand my sense of humor
I know I'm not in the south anymore because I'm the only one wearing camo in the entire town
Corie and I just went after a emptying of doritosz good good
so much to prepare for.. but so much to look foward to!
When I have shit on my mind instead of thinking about it, I sleep.
Idc if this is tmi but James just stripped down naked and danced to breathe Carolina for me lmfao
Bu orientation tomorrow 7am to 7pm this must be a sick joke
I'm the type of n*gga who can f*ck wit deez. (with what?) deez nuts! So get off them please.
Ugh today's still Monday. Shit
No communication, and I'm not going back over there. Hatta BBM me first if anything.
It's Sunday and I am NOT at work...this feels unnatural
Been having nightmares about warped tour... Thursday better not suck -_-
I have never been so confused
Them fresh ass blueberry bagels from safeway.
Baby pass me the hookah.
Some please bring me a calculator td?!??
Mande a comprar frustas con mi sobrino
Legalizing drugs wouldn't really do much. Its not like there's people sitting around thinking, \"man, I'd do some cocaine but its illegal.\"
I need you like water in my lungs
How do i know when someone views my story on snapchat?
we have our good days and bad days
Kind of excited for today's adventure
There is no coming to consciousness without pain. There is no coming to realization without acceptance.
Bullshit pick up your game finish and stop this pussy shit
Best drop at edc.
Feels good being rich. HAHA JK I have $2
I'd probably really like Argentina but then Messi.
I'll never understand the whole Bermuda shorts trend.
I needa see what my dad says about this....
Why not bring on Wondolowski or Eddie Johnson
usos are electrifying they be going in
who wants to gift me shawns song ayeee
\": Chris is annoying. He really jus called to say I was his \"oomf\"\" LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I'm real life rolling!!
These college soccer boys apuu
Missing my dad today but I'll see him soon :) hope y'all had a great Father's Day peeps
Lana del ray music is trash
Nigga my mom feeds me lmao fuck are u talkin about
o.o soy ma apoyadora de lo malo jesu dio
4:27am train uptown @ 168st was late for 1\/2hr didn't pullout until 4:57am
WOW what a goal
ALREADY GOAL SHIT GO USA
someone have a sleepover with me pls
In such a bad mood. Time to workout
Moving day!!!! Not sure why I scheduled them for 8 AM. Zzzzzzzzz
Just Weighed in at 164.. It's crazy I was 138 a couple months ago during wrestling ?
The look of pure disgust on my face right now.
The Right team going to W H to meet President Hope Michelle Dunks on Kawhi Leonard this time lol.
lost my keys at the laundromat jfc
IRS SCANDAL\/RACE CARD ALERT: Rep Cummings Never Leaves Home Without It!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure what made me happier, Lebron crying like a drunk 16 year old girl or Tyrian turning into a serial killer
Dad: You can watch whatever you want Amy. *changes the channel and starts watching the Yankees game* thanks Dad.
There is a world of difference between digital journalism and web journalism, and news orgs have always been better at the former (1\/2)
Why can't my friends just live up here
este pancho siempre me mira en el liceo no se que quiere el topu
\"Ain't nuttin to it, rap made me do it.\"
Isn't it immature for a someone to be mad at you for a stupid reason. And ignore you just to show you how mad they are at you lol
conor asks if he can get a frappacino at philz and Meghan responds with \"this is no frou frou coffee place where do you think we are???\"
12 million after 3 months\n2 million after 3 weeks\ntop1 in markets after 3 months\n
Thass annoyinn af his dumbasss
I need something to do to clear my mind
Still haven't bought a chem review book or printed out a reference table...
I'm sorry but, uhhhh, who the fuck are you?
Alright you got your call.. Now can we please continue
\": Bitch nigga n I flew to canada and fuc drake\" now im dead lmfaooooooooo
Remember when kristen stewart played joan jett
If you ever feel bad about yourself just remember that when I was 8 I thought masturbation meant taking a shit
White girls from the country and black dudes don't mix. One wants to go hunting and mudding and the other wanna shoot dice on the block.
Gooooooaaaaalllll!!! Great curving shot from what outside the box! ! Go !
wow house to myself go figure
QUE SE VAYA A MAMAR UNA CARAVANA DE HUEVOS:)))))
We can only see the bad times when we are together, and see the good times when we are apart
Excited to see Internet's own boy, documentary on Aaron Swartz. Part of sfdocfest
Wide awake. There's something wrong with me
Costa Rica gana con 10 jugadores, contra 12 Los 11 de Grecia y el Arbitro y todas las Arbiaredades,
\"Some girls have cake, I have a cupcake\" -Paige
\"Password protection is worthless\" according to Paul Stephens, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse. Must encrypt or else.
I've got to start a new Jornal one that you're not in and erase you from my memory completely
I would goto HQ if TJR played the day party
That's why I fucked with Kendrick's cause he managed to have multiple producers but get them all on the same page.
I MISS U IM SO EXCITED TO SEE U
-OMG, Chris Rock has Zero chill..
Courtney just called herself a dingaling
Instant bad mood when I try on my bathing suits
hati ayam or hati sapi ja :D RT : enaknya hati siapa ? atoo hati apa ? RT : hatinya siapa?! RT \"
You know I know what to do with ittt
I'm Finna run away and act like I went missing like Khadijah did shit
Hey I know where Derek is
Great day yet again. Couldn't have started the summer off better.
whatever's meant to be will work out perfecctttllyyyy.
Ok, I hate to be a hater but what do y'all think of Iggy? I'll keep negative thoughts to myself.
Im feelin some type of way rite now
white girls love
I love deep house and I feel like its one of the few genres that hasn't been fucked up yet
All I want rn is cute little relationship is that too much to ask for
Shawn's song just came out and I already know every single word.....
Damn, I'm an asshole. 0.o
My call time is 4:30 am tomorrow,\n\nGoodnight world.
Why\/how am I awake right now
Me like the way you go down
Avatar is babe. That bitch broke Sokka's heart doe
Why do I always do this....haha
I literally have like 29 days to be perfect or close to for
There is absolutely no way that I am passing this chem regents.
What is with this annoying ass Kermit the frog shit? Swear to god people are entertained by the dumbest shit.
glad my whole family just leaves me home alone
You still cry out to God when things are going well.
You see what Ambrose did to Seth Rollins
ride to bay head with me tomorrow ?
ugh I hate when I realize that I act the same way as the people I hate
Things you only see in Irvine: Passed a guy on the freeway eating Chinese food with chopsticks.
Guys so I can't eat chilli or lemon anymore! Do you know how difficult that is for a Mexican? it's like my daily diet stupid lip piercing
I asked for a Malibu and sprite, I got a shot of whiskey. I don't understand this city!!
Can't wait to see Mason and Malik ball out at ASU
Sprained finger is not going to stop me for practicing my chords!
WebRTC 1.1 will be evolutionary. Backward compatible with 1.0. Adds the ORTC concepts. No great schism. - Justin Uberti, Google
Mike just told me he's going on a diet
HE WAS IN A METAL BAND WHAT THE FUCK ASHTON I NEED PROOF OF THIS IMMEDIATELY PLS
Just cause shes down for you dont mean she has to put up with ur bs. Remember that. Ur supposed to give her every reason to ride for you
Can't tell if I have a stomach ache or cramps is that normal??
The nightsless days without day
I may say it's your fault cause I know you could've done more.
ITS NOT LIKE IM GETTING FAT ANYWAY
I want a big fat blunt right about now
And the pouch perfectly stores all your chips and toblerone for optimal emotional binging.
There's people out there with a good heart
Just remember, there will always be a special place for you
My cousin somehow just confused Chris Brown with \"Jason.\" She genuinely thought Chris Brown's name was Jason.
Lets go Greece u got this baby
Literally just want to jump off a bridge
Just off a red eye but couldn't be more awake and excited.
Steak burritos from my job &gt;
Really tempted to take the keys and go get a milkshake. Cravinggggg
'Oh no, I left my man bag at home' - Lottie's dad problems
There are hot skaters filming all over my neighborhood today. I'd like to take this moment to thank whoever made this happen.
Beat Ninja Gaiden on hard. I'm probably the coolest kid I know.
I've been looking for my retainers for the past month...
My sister is already in Nashville... It doesn't really take that long to drive there at all
First Aid Kit, Stay Gold: Swedish girls spend the summer on a beach in the Carolinas.
I just want everyone to be able to look in the mirror and think the world of themselves.
Off to my 1st ever Baseball game tonight with my gorgeous wife
Mexico is out \nSerena Williams is out and an actor dies
I really want justin to go to the awards idk why
Im a stupid girl for even dream that I could...
oh he knows what page and how many pages a document is but has no idea who told him about emails lost and hard drives crashing
I threw up water after practice bruh wtf thats how you know it was the worst practice of my life i've never done that.
South Park always makes my day
Most amazing two weeks of my life. Until next time Cali!
Its weird I seem so talkative but in real life I try to stay away from people
Man some days I just wanna go on a road trip with my friends and get away from everything other days I wanna turn my phone off and sleep.
If you play 1 on 1 and you get excited you need yo ass beat !
I'm just waiting for that hit. Once I'm in that car I ain't playin. Ima make it happen
This is the night before pre-bed Merica bout to kick some ass tomorrow.
60- love you're avi. but i dont know you lol
The whole football team got twitter just to talk shit on people
I was talking to a guy at work and he was talking about his parole. \nI work at a pool
You're getting on my fucking nerves I swear
Look TI and tiny are together
How do you approach a beautiful dj at a party... cause he's seriously the sexiest thing since idek
I LOVE YOU CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!!!
Who pitched for the tonight helen keller?
Every time I eat Indian food I can't get that song ooh na na out if my head.
\"Look at this baby being dragged out\"
chipotle or philly cheesestake?!!!!!!
Can u stand the rain?
.your doctor needs to lose his or her license.
Lol just saw that fiasco. How can a hash tag be a fake\/hoax? A troll yes but it's literally impossible for one to be \"fake\"
WE IN THE LEAD AYEE
Ed Edd n Eddy was them niggas too
Prediction: By 2016 every Fortune 500 CEO will be a Christian Scientist. H\/T
Is it wrong to want the old thing back
In the mood for hill repeats
\"During Sandy, NY's natural gas system was more impacted in 8 hours than in its 100 year history.\" - Pres Ken Daly
AFRICAN AND JAMAICAN RESTAURANT\nFOR SALE\nLOCATION:\n206 MACDADE BOULEVARD\nYEADON, PA 19050\n \nCONTACT \nALBERTA KOVOR\n(856)-220-8903
When the wifi slips the wifey dips
I just fav my own tweet?
Barron's Daily Roundup: 3-D Printer Stocks Are Suddenly Hot Again
highlight of the day: the black man in a suit walking around westcliff selling water guns
i have to watch how hard i laugh cause if i hit that one laugh that i get sometimes its not gonna be bueno
I hate when someone tell me what and how to do things with my kid. My daughter is being raised with manners and morals. Something u dnt have
I can't even go on Twitter anymore without people thinking I'm looking at porn
Applying to jobs way out my league lol, maybe I'll get lucky
I never intended to hurt you. Just wish you would know that
I Am. I can. And I Will.
high all the time to keep you off my mind
Me at every movie ever: JUST LET THEM BE IN LOOOOVE
These new songs are ridiculous holy fuck.
Now I'm left with the solitude of the dark .... And pain
$8.25 X 40 (full time) for 1 year = $17,160 (before taxes ).
Crome rims look nice but never on a sport car it feels so much better to race with the original ones
Trying to pack 21 consecutive cute outfits for England just reminds me that I have no clothes bruh
Jacob still hasn't followed me..
If the girl hold you down and ya good for each other its ok to chase a girl.. No shame in that
I think my TV might be in 3D but I can't be sure
You don't have to advertise everything you do
God I want to talk to you so bad
I should be taking a shower &amp; packing for my flight home tomorrow, but I'm watching instead...
Quien eres tu ..para sentirse superior dueno de ella , a ti te quiso a mi me amo algo de veras como colon yo navegue su piel...
Is it alright to shower with that silver on??
Colby jack. A mild biracial cheese,
GOAL!!!!! LET'S DO IT,
MANU FUCKING IT UP
Only a 2.5 mil cap hit for 2 years for B.Schenn!?
When an app keeps on closing once you try to open it , how do I stop that from happening ? Is it possible ?
Hahaha Tom McCarthy caught Freeman's homer.
So happy I came to you with a man to man conversation and you tried to \"bust my balls\" great way to piss someone off it you ask me
has the dopest prawn po boys!
my mom is so obsessed wl me I can't
THAT WAS TERRIBLE
Liza doesn't know what the bw is bye
Feel like going to the city instead
Had a wonderful time at tonight watching I could get into this... Thanks !!
I do waaaay to much for you to be treated like shit? Nah fuck that.
why would you sell a talking donkey for 5 shillings
10.5 hour workday let's get it
Dudes : \"excuse me what kind of dog is that\" my response : \"a big one\"
Y por eso Messi es grande.
You know you bored when you smoking weed watching the news
1 thing I can't stand is a triffe bitch
Maybe the Spurs winning will bring on a sea change in NBA style of individual isolation basketball
Nice Ronaldo, fix your hair Vidal Sasson
It's getting dark and I keep hearing noises. Mommy I'm scared
I want to play a say yes to the dress drinking game with mark Montondo
Live for another day.
'Ladies and gentlemen, riding on the outside of subway cars is dangerous. Stay inside the subway cars when moving.' - good advice from
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!
Got the nxt 2 days off so I ain't doing shit but smoking blunts and watching games.
Cup of wine in a mug by a fire in a cabin. Yeah.
Im already planning how my bedroom will look..
Going down Lombard street (crooked st) once more before we leave
Had to realize that Monday isn't the last time I will graduate.
I thought Independence Day and 4th of July were different holidays. I give up on life
Dempsey first 50 seconds lets go usa
All the points to the guy who dressed up as teddy Roosevelt
I don't always watch too cute on animal planet, but I'm pretty damn baked
PH MY GOD HE IS AT 1
He's looking at him and not even checking on him wtf
Wow, what footwork!
My baby deserves all 4 awards!!!!
Whenever me and selena have a phone convo it never lasts for 5 mins it lasts for 5 hours
That just made me fill sick thinking about
Awkward moment when you show genuine care for someone and they kick you out of their life completely smh
By some act of god I made it to work on time!
Just remember who was always there for you
Studyin for chem is like taking pain meds. It only makes the pain a little better, its just time to suck it up
Lol tomorrow my eleven hour shift at the salon starts
My cousin From ATL here til the 7th we gone have to turnup a couple times just for him tho.
This is the first 4th of July in 5 years I'm not at the beach sweating balls\n
One of the best decisions I've made. RT: : Im so happy i deleted my instagram
French kissing her lips and her other lips&gt;
The world is full of nice people. If you can't find one, be one.
Jacqs dad just asked my mom on a date we might as well be sisters
Taxis make me feel some type of way
There was the smallest kitten in my backyard. Come back I want you!!!! Ughhhhhhh.
all I want to do is shwim forever
The is cool , I stayed there for ticketstock this year ,
When I get to my mom's gym I'm just going to sleep on her couch in her office....
That moment wen you dont feel like textn that bitch n you just stop txtn that bitch
I will beat the fukc out he a fukc boi
Can I get blocked friend ?
Aye my cousins from Canada are here
mY MOM IS SO EMBARRASSING
megashare hooks it up with the movies
First to find them and tweet me a pic wins.
Funny the things you thought you'd never miss, in a world gone crazy as this
I need someone to talk to ....
struggling to keep eyes open rn.
I love when people spell \"definitely\" \"defiantly\".
I donut want to work today. Wondering if I can sneak some beer into my kiddie cup that I'm restricted to use
Everybody is being a bitch today wtf
need new ppl to talk to
Keep it 1000 I don't wanna work 3 jobs no more... 2 is fine
\"Um, it's actually pronounced 'Stanger'\" -Metallica
I'd like to leave the country for a month of sundays burn the town I was born
Do you just retire the day after you were maestro for NAS or do you have to sacrifice urself
Beautiful shot!!!! Left to righttttt!
Terrified of this pre calc final tomorrow after everything I've heard
Yogalicious date with bae later yayyyyy
1- you're number says it all. You're
If you can't be content by yourself, you can't be any more happier with another person standing by your side.
Fun fact: I'm going to the same high school that Tom Brady
&gt;&gt;&gt;when women do shit out of spite
I have this constant struggle, continuously feeling like I'm running out of time. But I don't know what it is I'm supposed to be doing.
Tested 3 boat-ready air horns in the backyard. Yup...they work....ow.
Lebron was crying Lmao start the memes please
\"It's an increasingly thankless task for Campbell out there. Leading Costa Rica's attack, if you can call it that.\"
can't go anywhere without seeing a kid wearing vines now
Ya siento que te amo
Last time I drank everything I was passed out in my father car so let me just chill
So its that easy for you...
Now everybody soccer fans smh.. Where ya was at when the Barclay premiere league was on ?
My food never fucking came but GrubHub was so compassionate and gave me free money towards my next meal!
This is getting sad to watch
How ironic that I'm locked up on the day we celebrate freedom
The best way to get into parties is to offer to so the dishes.
Such a great ride tonight! Love the Monday 6:15 class! 's high energy is incredible!
\": I just want to go on late night walks with you and have deep conversations with you about everything ugh\"
Dem shorts tho. Bruh. Dey going everywhere in Ny. Love dem
My mind goes round like a round about, whistles and sings, dark of the darkest night, sweeter than spring.
Don't ever compare your boyfriend\/girlfriend with you're past unless you're saying he\/she is better
4th July weekend is about to be wild Reno with my girls !
Right when I push u out, you come right back in. I was happier without u and ur mind games. I'm happier single
It might sound like I'm gassin ya, but it take time to get to the backseat to the passenger
Lol Ghana is cutting that white guy with dreads ZERO slack
Ugliest shit I've seen in life B
Don't you know it's gonna be alright?
Can somebody find me Pink short shorts that won't make me look Jamaican?
Heading to the beach#
Sometimes I give up looking for the cover story in magazines
Idk why it upsets me so much when I saw it coming from the beginning
There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in. -Leonard Cohen
Like what the fuck dude
Lol bruh man said I'm not an honest nigga. And I thought about it. I'm not.
My mom is such a piece of shit
Courtney's moochin off the food of the table that just left like it's no big deal so that's that
I hear I missed a !!!!
don't even care anymore such bullshit
Bruh I'm gonna be broke coming from this trip
I wonder if twitter will become annoying\/dry like Facebook is now...
Imma write a book called \"The Art of Chill\"
Freedom bent and wrapped itself around Portugal's goalie. 'Murica
You got balls if you taking physics senior year
Ain't gonna beg you to stay, ain't gotta ask you what's wrong, ain't no reason running after something already gone
Dont compared value of life to how many people hit u up
A Leak Of Their Own
i am the definition of impatience
I pray you find your peace
Pretty sure I think the guy that was selling merch at Nederlander was flirting with me. It was quite amazing,sir I never got back to you.Sry
He is just so mean. I am ending our friendship eventually. One day.
Dinasour chicken never lets me down
man I was secretly rooting for Bosnia
That crowd is screaming heaven to meeeee
Waiting forever for my haircut n haircut equals WAIT acting \"wait\" lol
I can't believe Batman was a two hour wait.
you're so fucking cute but I can't handle you and your games
Congrats San Antonio Spurs!
I wonder how Hobby Lobby would've turned out if it had been a Jehovah's Witness who owned it and the concern was over blood transfusions
My girl Hillary's at Tattered Cover today. WHY AM I NOT IN COLORADO RIGHT NOW?!?!
En serio, que concha le ven a Karen Mecedo?
I'm at my muse so I'm mad at everyone and everything!
Dinner topic: side hoes and suitors
I can't wait for Kiera to get twitter famous
i wonder what b.Scott doing right now ??
Or if the crew cant wake me up
All of you are fucking robots \n\nYou crave so bad not to have feeling or care about shit.\n\nThe only thing that's on your mind is yourselves
IM LAUGHIMH SO HARD HE WALKED IN AND WE SCREAMED
God, how did things get this bad? I feel like i'm losing everything.
An a small fry for ya bitch ass.
Worry about you, not me
Damn 34 seconds
I get pissed extremely easily
U S A \nU S A\nU S A
Soon shawn will sell out MSG in 5 seconds &amp; i dont think i can handle that
I just did 200 crunches, 100 reps of 50 pounds and a max of 90 pounds for 30 reps for chest, 100 reps of 50 pounds for back and 182 pound DL
I'm lost and lonely,\nScared and hiding.\nBlind without you.\n\nOkay?
? I think so.
If these birds don't shut the fuck up
I out my expectations too high. Always do and I always disappoint
Bouta take this shower then grab some to eat
Gardner with an RBI triple and the Yankees are on the board
the only thing I ever think about is food
My brother sits behind me in the chem regents
Where's a when you need one.
Update: refusing to eat the leftovers.. Starving slowly
HI MATTHEW WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO NYC CAN WE HANG OUT THO
They say you can't have cake and eat it too... But ain't that what you suppose to doooooo
Gonna watch more thottie movies in a ball in my bed now
It's cool to dream I suppose, you never know how far it might go
\": Can AHS come sooner plz\"WORD
Just got great news that my bro and his bitch are leaving our house and going into one of the house that we rent out. At least they are out
Never underestimate the impact of one little act of obedience to Jesus. There are innumerable amounts of possiblities when saying YES to God
A little don't worry be happy
I want chick FIL a fries w chick FIL a sauce
I am Happy to Be The Social Media correspondent For Movie By .
She hands him the bag \n
4:42am and the sun is coming up!? The heck is this the apocalypse!?
VERIZON WOULD BE HAVING A MILLION TECHNICAL PROBLEMS WHEN I NEED A NEW PHONE
Hahaha i love it so much how when my friends and I are with Diego its so fucking funny and fun, we all get along so well together SHAUUUU
And sit outside w keke ..
Lil Wayne is a top 15 rapper
Nueva york no puede ser mas bonito
and anger becomes the only emotion that can ease the pain for a moment
Gol de Argentina y yo bloqueando en Twitter
It's some slumssss in this houseeeeeee
I changed the channel to dumb and dumber when the spurs were down 5. Just changed it back after 5 minutes and they're up 5.
So fuck that love shit\nI don't feel none of that\nLike i'm numb to the pain
Lol but y'all need to go listen to that slap factory 2 tho
Jack &amp; I pledge $5,000,000 to create a new generation of choreographers &amp; puppeteers, clowns, video artists &amp; theatrical jugglers...
I miss big fucking house parties!
hey what happened to as your voice?SERIOUSLY
Once contract ends I'm def switching. Fuck sprints bitch ass
I need to start my birfdayy countdown lol
I graduate tomorrow. I remember the first day of going Into high school...
A1 My current level is a 3... I'm on vacation this week :P
Lettuce is the worst food ever.
love listening in the BK - next concert for me at - would love backstage passes to them!
What a flop....
White people have no type of fear lmao
At the end of the day who telling me what?!
Ok for real i wish i had a twin brother who was a 4 star DB. Honestly we would go at it for hours
damn, it's been a while since I got a silent treatment.
Something has got to give. Like seriously! :\\
We got back and my mom telling me to do the laundry \n\nIM GROWN!
Las Ganas de Llamarte ' Besarte ' Abrasarte Son Mas Fuertes
Que ladilla cuando mi mama se pone asi, dame paciencia cristo
I look like a douche in a flannel
Cuddling with noodle and watching a hot dog eating contest is all I need in life
Sonny Milano got drafted to the farm team, the
I suppose the turn up is real at 11am rn.
Navas puts the team on his back
\": lmfao Niggga !\" Lol
Blatantly lie and then deny it. I hate these people!
Most disturbing thing I ever saw!
Very excited to watch the ratchet awards aka with twitter tonight :)
All your doing is pushing me away.
ppl who actually tag their friends in tweets...hunny....
Seeing little kids wear jordans and expensive nikes make me laugh yo
This dog licks it balls all night loud as fuck
I really should not be allowed to drive at night. I CANNOT SEE ANYTHING. Except for like lights I guess
Probably going to wear my rangers jacket and tank to the giants game tomorrow bc I can.
Hahahahaha guess who is never procrastinating again
Wayyyy too excited to go to kids street tomorrow. Way too excited.
I hope my former manager is sobbing
Honestly we're making it worse by putting out our own opinions.
my mom decided to throw it away not too long ago and I cried so bad. 14-15 year old Elmo. I was devestated :'c
At 2pm-4pm EST its my Bench Warmers Live Show w\/my cohost &amp; our guest, host of SEX N BIZ on !!
WHAT A FUCKING GOAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
If you don't eat your bagel the cool way we can't be friends.
When im in a bad mood I like you, when im in a good mood I fucken hate you.
Kk it's over time to cry...
What I think about at 7am: If Kit was a Marvel character he'd DEF be Rocket Raccoon
He leave yo ass for a white girlllllll
Oh yea, Earth Queen is a bitch lol.
Shut up ! Nobody like u ! I don't even know why you're fucking here
Ate chillaquiles (dk if that's how you spell it) and now I'm feeling sick :P
you've been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch.
Ask her what she wants, assure her there are no wrong answers. If she says she needs time, then give her all your clocks.
Wow really, well I'm a sucker for blondes. I think you would look delicious in pigtails and school girl look &lt;3
They say I have no focus it vision I do too much, I just like to call myself a Quadruple Threat
I really just can't wait for the day I meet a guy who puts a smile on my face everyday and never makes me cry
Nolan gives no fucks at all. I lahv it. Haha!
lol cena is gonna give bryan the chance to win his title back lol thats if he have it still
I want this shit to be live tonight
Thanks for being there your so awesome
My food ready THANK TO GAWWD
Frustrated. Tired. Sad. Pissed. Fuck it.
I hate when my phones dying :( hate so much
Ahhh 2 days !!! 2 days
Leshae looks like so cute :) ah hi honey look at her go lil magic go
I have to go back to work in 6 hours and I'm just going to bed
Heavy is the shoulder that bears the bag. \n\n- me just now to no one in particular
Called this performance by manu
The world is punishing me for being crazy
LMAO! RT : you guys are going to force me to find a dictionary to look up the noun friend. Y'all ain't fit.
im so serious rn. whose tryna kick it ill swoop
USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA
Cant wait to get my back checked out tomorrow
OMG !!!!!! What a fuckig goal ohhhh man !!
Employers spend LT 2% of budget on prevention, but 17.5% of GDP spent on sickcare. Now that is SICK!
Woke up today thinking about how funny I am.
Basically you're just saying to drink more. Basically I'm just sayin.
I just want to eat tostones and plantains and guacamole forever. Obviously still very moved by my recent meal at .
I got one shaving her vag and the other one shoving in a tampon I can't deal
Will I ever find someone like Augustus? ='(
OK BUT I HAVE A FUCKING MOSQUITO BITE ON MY ASS
Late night thoughts are what kills me the most
Finally get to sleep in tomorrow.
'DO HALVES WITH ME DO HALVES.' MOM ITS A MEATBALL SANDWICH. IT SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE DOING DRUGS.
-I'm so happy right now!!!
Starbucks has oprah chai tea now....
If you literally put 5 smiley faces in one message bye.
No we can hope Carmelo joins the heat and sends them into a tailspin that leads them back to half field arenas.
\": can be an annoying tease.\"ahaha yes!
\"I wanna know if I'm paying all these tax dollars, when are they gonna put a man on the sun?\"
And it all started w\/ an Adrianza walk....
We out to fatshack
I owe this lazy\/relaxing\/awesome Friday night to &amp; Tomo Japanese Fusion.
Check out our updated Facebook page- The Galleria Group!
Why bitches put singing videos up knowing they can't sing
Why am I tweeting right now. I'm not even alive. I'm asleep with my eyes close. Yet I'm still tweeting. Why
alt + enter ==== power
Leave it to Sydney to burp in your face while you're trying to do her makeup
When you drop all your hoes for one girl and she doesn't come over &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Social skills are crippling.
As long my conscience is clear, I'm good.
I will never be as good as goku
off my chest but never off my mind
You wouldn't believe the great view I have
I just wish it was a better series. This fucking blowssssssss.
Well that was a long 25 hour day
On a scale of 1 to 10 you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need
-Vivi Todos Los Cambios! Y Aunque Venia Llorando.. La Luzz La Encontre *.*
I'm trying so hard not to let it show...
The darkskin girl in the back was getting it
how the hell am i gonna walk in heels tomorrow
JESUS, take the wheel &amp; drive this bus! sucks in two languages.
My favorite artists have to be: \nScHoolboy Q \nLil Wayne\nThe Weeknd
Don't ride for people who won't even walk for you
My biggest fear in life is to lose myself in other people. To live an average life. To settle. That terrifies me.
6 hours till we get to L.A.
in the room the men come and go\ntalking of their vasectomies
We are going to win!!! \n
My toilet came in the clutch!
If I push you away it's, 9 times out of 10, me just wanting you to pull me back.
Tomorrow's my last day of freedom before I become a slave to the $$$ let the torture begin
So drunk I jss wna lay down
I like keeping things on the down low
Happy birthday to merica! 50 stars and 13 bars of excellence.
Someone slide into my dms lets be friends : )
This is all your fault
French Montana looks like he should be the driver of an Uber.
I really had a blast with all my old buddies yesterday. Missing them already.
All I want this school year is some good grades &amp; a great season!
LI goes 3-and-out and punts it away. NYC ball at its own 36
This night turned out to be much more exciting, eventful, and fun than I had originally expected
I realize I say \"oh\" a lot
Well I'm going back to being pissed that someone threw out my chicken and broc when I am hungry and counting on that as dinner.
I'm gonna need a new clean pair of shorts after that goal!
\"That's why I was puking in my tits in the cab\"
Drinking is the only activity that I really enjoy.
I should've listened when 3OH!3 said \"don't trust a hoe\"
Rap music isn't the only good music out there.have an open ear for everything and expand your mind
Litterally look like a hobo sitting on Kelsey's porch
If you want guys to like you, don't get fake boobs, buy the NFL tv package.
Talk about an awkward situation
92 on practice regents multiple choice I'll take it
Me: Goodnight Robert! \n: goodnight Sarah! \n\n5 minutes later\n*texting Robert from my room*
I'll swipe all these random ass hoes
I wanna go to hawaii
Find out who you are and be it.
Girl you had good but I can't give you betterrr
Gonna play dota. Fucking league man
Finally catching up on the Awkward season final, this show cracks me up so much.
I'm thankful for the bumps, yeah I like to feel the road.
Ghana is playing a little too dirty.....
But if that's not the situation and she playing games.. All I have to say is.. Don't chase just replace
&amp; my brother asked us 'ARE YOU COMING WITH ME AND MOM TO DISNEYLAND' awh :'(
\"Family emergency but... penalty kick shootout ftw...\"
Staying :) home :) again :) for :) the :) 50th :) time :)
You're way too beautiful girlllll that's why it'll never workk
Waiting to watch the game ..NBA Championship! Get ready to battle! Go Miami Heat!!!!!!!!!
I STARTED TO DRAW CALUM 8 HOURS AGO AND I AM STILL NOT SATISFIED WITH IT
I dont like that old lady
No letdown here
Already off to a rockin start with Peter's plane getting a 6hr delay
I hate fifa so much drag
Ok mi n Jess r ready to go insane
Ima miss the feeling of warming up before a game
Fuckkkk yea !!!!!
My sister would dye her hair in my room, now it smells like hair dye.
I'm a year older than kids on 16 and pregnant who have already fucked up their lives
BRING ME BACK TO LIFE IN COLOR
Just heard about Vicky Duval. Such sad news. God I hate cancer!!
Interviewer: Are you happy to be playing Glastonbury, Mr. Hetfield?\n\nPapa Het: YEEEEAAEEEEEYEAAHHHIIIYEAHHHAWEEEEEEE YEAH HEAYHA\n\n
puta na break ng Heat ang Rec nila. sila lang nakagawa ng 4peat!!!! lol
FUCK THAT RONALDO I STILL LOVE YOU
I work in a place where I'm constantly interacting with new people each day. I love it! So many conversations about other lives!
Americans are the friendliest people i have come across since leaving home
I real life put too much effort and time on people who could care less
My parents are youngsters
Just got a call from my cousin I missed him and his kids &lt;3 he said congregations on your engagement :) hope to see him soon :)
Saw crews cleaning up Mnhtn bridge path yesterday, but not touch the big mound of trash or mattresses people add to daily.
Couldn't understand why I was sitting so close to the wheel.... Thanks for moving the seat!
Poor Zino, someone get him a dating show
Just went 18\/4\/13 with Draven :D
How\/why does Kufi Kingston still have pyro??
How many times can Frankie Grande tell everyone his sister is Arianna Grande in this episode of Big Brother?
Sam Smith is MY artist of the year.
Burger isn't even put together right. Tuh
USA is falling apart...
I just want some warm cookies b
I want a nap
Sheesh RT : Did he just dunk that?! GOODNESS
Cameroon gang VS. Les lions indomptable
I need spencer to come back on my block
43 minutes of my life have been wasted thanks to PLL because none of my questions were answered. 'A' doesn't even exist.
Cheez-It's or Goldfish? I go Cheez-Its and am currently 2 bags deep.
Its hotter inside my job then it is outside
No respect. Still my nigga though.
...... Can't get enough of this GAME....... Spuuuuurrrrsssssss
Man if I wasn't fixated on getting rich I might wanna cry right now lol
I like us better when we're wasted.
Nice seeing my son today
Maybe LPs are just not her strength at this stage in the game. Which is fine! She should keep making EPs. But that album was a fucking mess.
Idk y folks from Utah is so crazy for jax..
Nice Lil burn and jamba sesh with my brothers
Did my battery case died, for good, just like that? With less than a year of use? C'mon!
Hear is your chance boys
Bike on a rush hour 1. Solid choice
Being a legend is based on OPINION. If your legendary at doing something? And you have PROOF? Then YES obviously your a legend. Simple.
tell me what to do in berlin\/london next month
1-0 Yanks! Dempsey! I Believe That We Will Win!
That face of your deserves this face I have
Edmonton has no excuse to have a pick before 10 next year
Stop retweeting all these food pictures!
huge props to you if we hang out and you can get me off my phone
I need a gallon of orange juice with movies pizza and my boyfriend
I hate my cellphone the battery runs out way too fast !! Lol
We have 2 dozen donuts at work right now bc the managers love us. All is right in the world.
Sometimes someone breaks your heart in the right spot, bad enough and tears everything you built yourself, time will not heal all.
You just fall out of a B17 cause your the bomb
\": JESUS DIED FOR YO SINS BUT YOU STILL A HOE\". CTFU! Stop that! LOL!
Ate Daphne is so lucky. Naging sila ng crush ko hahahahaha
Lol idk where I am but it's beautiful
Best thing ever about the Internet: using it to find the secret code for resetting my dishwasher.
Mais tu vas te faire balancer.
Crazy I still remember them bars lol
The heat just done .. They got too many problems going on
Why does it take forever to go through lincon tunnel
His little eyes are wide open.
Lol but where is my actual bf rn
I don't want to change the world, I just want to leave it colder.
I'm rolling up that loud pack.
I should really get to sleep
my mom is showing my dad videos from the Katy perry concert like he cares....
NOOOOO FUCKING WAY !
My coworkers say I hide nothing anymore lol. I'm a very outspoken person I can help it lol
My mom just yelled at me cuz apparently I don't eat
Mall sounds promising
\": There's a show called \"Fat Cops\"\" hell yeah its funny as shit
he look good but chill ..
I made this one with my tears
Since the 4th of July is a national holiday I feel that everyone should have off from work
Could've at least cuddled with my dog at home...
Let it begin! Do it, !
this dont look to good
That fruit salad dead filled me up
Glantz: With data: \"Just because the number exists, it doesn't mean you have to report it.\"
sa voix le matin elle est trop douce ptn&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; *-*
Exactly what we didn't need
Train rides are long and boring but you can't beat that view. See you tomorrow Fort Wayne!
Who's tryna chill lataaa
i totally just realized i like actually have followers on here. i'm not here for that though. that's what tumblr is for.
Don't worry if a tick's head stays inside your body. As long as you've ripped its body off and it has no more blood, you're fine.
Sitting here eating cheesecake at 12:30 listening to Hedwig. Life doesn't get any better. I LOVE NEW YORK.
Ill Will top 5, smh I heard he got 3-0'd against DNA
I WANNA GO SEE ED SHEERAN IN SEPTEMBER BUT NO ONE TO GO WITH SIGH
IM SO SCARED FOR KINGDA KA
the thing about reality is it's still there waiting for you the next morning
I got trust issues not just with females with everybody. I don't trust nobody
Please please please get out of my head. I hate this. I want to get out of USA already. Can't stop harping on you.
Why is the bartender at Petes pouring me shots....nooooo, I didn't ask for this
It's impossible 2 help some1 who doesn't wanna be helped...you can't make a rock bleed water my nixxa!!!
Watching the purge for the first time
Keep it right therre
we live in a world where people love to see others in pain as long as they're not miserable.
There's so many things I wanna do.. It's just the risk
Literally just fell asleep on my floor...
I just hope I passed my physics regents..
NYC yet to hit 90 this year. Recent Junes that had no 90s: 2009 and 1996. On average, NYC's first 90: late May to early June.
It parks in the shad for like 2 minutes and then leaves. Its like a everyday thing.
I just wanna walk up to that little boy and give him a hug lolllllll
please? ilysm cam!
Awwww He Shout Out His Daughter !!!
The official forecast for from Karl the Fog: \"I'll be here, defending the sky like Tim Howard.\" \n\n
So great to see back on tonight. Such a moving opening monologue.
At least I got my ... Now to rearrange the rest of my day...
My hair needs to be done
Just. FUCK THIS. FUCK YOU. FUCK EVERYTHING.
Ohhhhhhhh bitch is backkkkkkkk KATE ARGENT
Always some shit man.. Bout to kill this nigga
The armpit of all Avoid if possible! I miss !
summer starts in a day and I so far have 0 bathing suits that fit -_-
was a really good movie, good job !
I think bitches that do demon are even more disgusting than da hoodlums that consume that shit!
JOHN BROOKS TO WIN THE GAME AGAIN!
Some things are better left unsaid
My life has always been way to many \"Tomorrow's\" and not enough \"today's\"
Oh Jeez Jozy
I would've never that the shit I'm going though would happen days before my bday
In writing mode and staying awake with 's \"Glastonbury Tales\" -- : New Order's performance from fest '87
I remember when we used to be so close an now it's just a distant memory..
My opinion is what really matters so just stop.
Make way for the hall of famer
Welcome home !! It's been a long year!
I love Danny Hosea and I'm dingus
All my life Im gettn guap, these bitches on my cock Riding round in foreign drops I threw that fefe on the block, bring some liquor &amp; a thot
this weather is a buzz kill
all packed up and ready to go nooo
Father's Day has officially been changed to Dena Day!
if im not at home watching teen wolf by 10pm im gonna cry
That was fr the happiest part of my day everyday lol
Im scared to think Ariana has an eating disorder, i really think she does :\/
Might as well message Dylan because why not?
i remember when lil wayne was cool
Interesting. , not one to preach exculpatory GOP theories, says he thinks Dem voters were the deciding factor in Cantor loss.
\": I'd become an assassin, be a daredevil, get diabetes...before I fight for this country.\"
This medicine advert is mostly listing scary sounding side effects.
This should be a spurs repeat! The heat last year took advantaged of a spurs team that CHOKED last year...NOT THIS YEAR! Wade needs 2 retire
LET'S HOPE Y'ALL ARE GONNA WAKE UP FOR CHOIR PRACTICE HAHAHA
Tyrion wished Tywin a very Happy Father's Day
I'm not even worried this reference table is basically a cheat sheet
Her skin sunken into bone \/ \/ sharing the Truth.
I can get as many numbers as i want, but there's only 1 man i always want to talk to, be around, &amp; be with. +a day
3 seasons in a span of 3 days.
Orange juice is always a good idea.
Genobili is a savage
Any fans in Seattle going anywhere to watch v tomorrow? My little boy and I would love to cheer with you!
imeant to call out too, but it was so cold, ionly remembered cdhu!
This clown just referred to global warming as \"planetary warming\", so he MUST know what he's talking about...
Let's fucking gooo of USA!!!!
With the missing car being located, passing the mojo to to reunite him with his guitar. Talking to you, .
At least if I have to work 12 hours I can get drunk and take pictures with former sharks players
I will be on my death bed and still won't be able to understand guys
\": Yall think it's possible for a fine ass chick to have less than 1k followers on IG and not be catfish?\" Yup
I just wanna meet a man fool enough to take me and my kids out this God forsaken city..... dat all
Ronaldo is so sexy !1!!1!1!!!!
Just cut off a cop and he laughed...
Eso de que estoy hablando por Skype con alguien y que esa persona se quede dormida
The condom commercial where's he's strugglin and drops it on the floor is so fuckinggggggggg lame oh my
They always play two movies at the drive in but you only get to watch the first one.
The truth hurts but it's apart of life
Whoever knows how to keep a convo hmu
Lebrons Last Game in Miami ?
Omg omg is that the return of ?!
I do this thing in my sleep where I put my arm in the air and leave it there &amp; I woke up to my mom trying to balance a napkin in my hand\nWtf
Germaine Jackson? No Germaine Jones
Great weekend at . Now off to Zeitgeist to catch up with and anyone else who wants to stop by
So there's an israeli and a hippie living together in an apartment...*insert punchline here*(ba-dum-ts)
At an outdoor concert with an 80s cover band called \"Tainted Love\". Dancing to PYT with and lovin'it.
You got arrested for celebrating too hard for soccer
Right no time home to watch the heat loose :(
Someone legit just looked at me in the isle at Walmart and said \"Look at that douchebag to their child.\" Ok.
Si in apparently driving into a hurricane to see today
El atardecer de hoy de New Jersey&gt;&gt;
I'm sooo bored &amp; have no one to talk to ugh
Run as much as you run you will get what allah will give you? So love what you do until you find what you love.
Some people don't deserve the shit their put through.
That refs combover game is strong
Mariah Carey \/ Wale - You don't Know What To Do
This game is stressful
\": If I muted every soccer tweet, I'd have an empty timeline.\" Fly Eagles Fly, baby.
Yeah video of the year
The worst thing of all about judging and condemning other people is that it has no effect whatsoever on others but all right back into you!
got my city on lock, xo til the death
Use to beg mom dukes for lunch money honeys use to run from me
\"That's not my foot, that's my stomach.\"
I want to see my grades already
Dreams and Nightmares Intro really one of the best rap moments of our generation...
put your loving hand out darling
Hoping for no rain tonight. Since I live in pa now, I bought a giant bag of fireworks and brought them back to blairstown...WOOO!!
To study for finals or paint my nails... Decisions decisions
I'm so pumped I don't wanna work later lol
What an awesome day
Someone come to Strickland and take a walk wit me
Dj Quick is rocking!!!!!!! It's Wednesday!!! Ahhhhhhh play DJ play!
no I seriously am driving to the bay rn
Today's diet: Cheetos, vodka and sun
Ashley is the relationship breaker shes the girl on Maury ur man cheats on with ur bestfriend
*soccer players last name*
Cross country tomorrow... But I have volleyball
Were here to play !!!!! Lets go !!!!
I just want to see Chris already
\": I have never wanted someone so badly as I want you.\"
Miss the days of actually sleeping.
\"Life is like a box of chocolates....\" When you're in one of the hood clubs downtown, yeah obviously
Quien se acuerda del puto vela
Up filling out job apps though
Can't go to sleep because I can't stop listening to Parliament.
Such a joy to watch in action. So often we focus on the front line, forgetting the importance (and beauty) of the back. Vamos
Did that really have to come to mind right now? Ugh.
the shit that occurred at ritas today makes me have zero faith in humanity. EYE ROLLS FOR ALL.
This lady on hoarders got 50,000 dolls in her house
My voice is literally gone already.
What if I was actually someone's WCW ahahaha
I want to go to the gym but ill probably most likely faint since I was taken out 7 tubes of blood-.-
If I fail chem tomorrow you can blame Teen Wolf because I'm sure as hell not missing it
Angela Merkel to be shown at least once during the game. Almost tradition by now.
nothings changed in the past so why would it now?
These pills killing my biology, but this feeling calling me, morals keep on stalling me, I'm walling b, Molly popping wanna be is all I be..
High Waisted Shorts Can't Save Em All!
I'm happy that's she's living her dream and everything but there are days where I wish she was here
11:28 am and im still laughing
You a hoe you a hoe. You a undercover hoe if you have a different boyfriend every two months
Ansel elgort Is so cheeky and adorable
Nightmares keep me up all night
Agenda for the weekend...Friday work, Saturday work andddd wait Sunday work
DIABEATS no.. no no no.. no.
lifetime, I believe... RT : What channel the BET awards on ?
You know for it to be a show about Pipers journey, her plot is bring, I love Daya! Even though she pregnant
I'm a real big fan of yours but I'm quite the joke to you
True love is letting your significant other see you with a full head of color. That's all I have to say.
Can't wait for my Flatmate to move out. What type of moron knowingly moves into a drug free apt?
if I could sing my life would be 1000 times be
It's so funny how at any age people can be so rude and immature
Yes. We BELIEVE.
Love my new -
Making a baby is the easy part, but raising it is what could be hard. Remember that.
Omg stop making the fucking dogs bark
I'm gonna spend so much money on ink refills HAHAH
im probably not gonna go to the gym tomorrow
So is Dwade retiring or nah
Mikaelas sleeping in the middle of PLL wtf
I've been gaming since the start of games
I wear this chain everyday ! Like it's my favorite item ever besides my phone
Man I swear she from Atlantis
Tim Howard is playing as the 2nd best goalie in the cup.
aww asain ladies are cute asf they be like tee fy yong all innocent and shit but really you know they can judo kick ya bitch ass
Keeping my distance
98% of my face is not covered by makeup when I do wear it
If your snap chat story is longer than 30 seconds... &lt;
What a beautiful goal.\n\n
You're all stars in my eyes
this line at dunkin right now is something serious.
My bracket is still going strong!
I'm honestly so exited to start next month. Like it's the rest of my life in my hands.
Let's goo vandy one more out let's do it boys
Lets gooooo i see my report card online i passed it nd NO summer school for me
\": \" &lt;~~~
Son they doing a special right now on credit card scammers they got pictures of readers and skimmers, bout to be slow for all you niggas
Standing in line for tickets &amp; it's so nice to hear how enthusiastic ppl are about all of these events &amp;
Shawn's number 8 right now on the charts. Let's keep it up. This is amazing.
This bitch on catfish right now makes me want to put buckshot in my brains
Great convo with peeps &amp; about coming from Dr.'s &amp; loved ones.
I'm not a king bitch I'm a pharaoh!
My coaches shorts killl me lmao.
On a good note the Yankees suck -_-
*Talking about going to a dodger game\"\n\n\"Yo Doug Thursday or Friday\"-me\n\n\"Well what time on Thursday\"- Doug\n\n\"7\"\n\n\"In the morning??\"-Doug
KSJC 240553Z 29006KT 10SM CLR 16\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP147 T01610089 10239 20161 52011
Finally Goal USA USA USA
Ill be quick to put anyone in their place
How about Mexicans and Salvi's just get along for once. I eat all y'all delicious food anyway lol
How can you try and tell me Fisher isn't as great a college as they claim to be? I think they're are and in the grand scheme of things.....
\"The Sopranos was a reality TV show [about Jersey].\" - Anon. \/
Design thinking for food hackathon. Remember it's for people. Hack the journey
Jacob FUCKING WHITESIDES YOU GIVE ME HEART FAILURE
I hate shannon with a passion she is such a psycho. Heather is an angel I love her
Episode 3 of the new season of Sons of Anarchy is said to be the most insane episode of them all. I cant wait for this. Seriously.
I'm gonna make an effort to look decent tomorrow
Fuckin HATE driving by orchards or dark, lonely ass streets at night.
the taste of tofurky is like lingering in me and its so disgusting
She was supposed to me my bird dog but mama fell head over heals and spoils our Lucy so much.
so i spend my summers in the most interesting and exciting city in the whole country and yet my days are usually spent in front of a screen.
Follow me on Instagram BROOKLYNSJD
GOAL !!! MESSI !!!!!!! VAMOS !!!
Why can't really hot guys in bands live in my town is would never be depressed again
LET'S SEE A FUCKING RED FOR THAT
happy birthday to my future wife
Ion Like that Tweet but not Reply Shit
Cant wait to see baby tomorrow .
Twist &amp; shout comes on the bar and we do the VM dance lmao
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE MI USA GOOOOOOOOOOOL 1-0
Besides the fact I had a headache at the end.
Another glass of this shit will have me drunk
Somewhat short-term life goal: go to a taping of the Tonight Show.
Ayy, Popcaan 's official Twitter favorited my tweet. I'm moving up in life.
Obese people remind me of home &lt;3
The real questions is... When is going to post a picture on twitter?
I felt where Robin Thicke was coming from last night tho...if were to leave I'd be on the same shit breh! FrFr
I'm completely disgusted. I thought you were bettee then that...
Awww the nba draft is in Barclay's center. Too far! :(
I really leave for basic in two weeks..
I wanted you because you weren't perfect.
The fucks I give be smaller than Asian girl booty...
I don't even feel like I'm about to be 18 . I just go use to being 17 .
I hate pushing open a heavy door and getting pushed back by it.
Ni lindo que encante, ni feo que espante
I miss how you would call randomly during the day just to hear my voice. Or I didn't text you in a while you'd call.
yeah it's cool to have someone there but 24\/7 bitch go home lol
Would do ANYTHING to be with rn
First night swim session of the summer ???? &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
That looked so painful
Everyone said I got stick legs
New female hot dog eating champ ...
theres this song that i really hate &amp; i have it on my phone like wtf lol
I want a puppy
shouldnt never left studying till the last min fuck this patho shit
I just love when people guess my ethnicity as long as they don't say Ecuadorian lmfao
OK is the Zack W. experiment over yet or R we in hopeful mode. July 31 get Price here. 61 wins needed for 97 win season. Are U ready
gucci this gucci that she use to wear the baby phat
When you got a queen, you don't reshuffle the deck to end up with a joker.
.don't let the bastards get you down. It's a great world out there.
I never understand how some girls get boyfriends so fast like...
Were fucked up but were not the same and mom and dad are the ones you can blame
Shoutout to for having respect for our team
Danggg glasses mke a huge difference!
Kerry Washington what the fuck are you doing at this ghetto shit
Do I want cereal or spaghetti right now?
USA KILLIN IT ALREADY
Anne Frank and John Cena have unprotected sex\n\n=\n\nNick Fantasia
Baby's Got Her Blue Jeans On (Conway Twitty) on 95.3 San Jose with . Yeah... :)
The man behind me just started singing
The fuck was that guy even attempting with that leg
Who's trying to watch the vs game?!
Blink isn't playing I wanna die
ew my photos are filled with selfies
After hours and hours it delays we are finally boarding!
No one i hate more in this sport then Alexi Lalas. Guy needs to stay far away from this game. Has absolutely no clue what hes talking about.
Nelson Cruz has played a *total* of 7 games in a wiffle ball park. Do your research! The Internet is easy!
ahhhhhhhh mothaaa fuckaaa jonesssss
Stress had always driven me to drink, cause I'm surely killing this 1 bottle of Sky right now
Scientists have actually determined that you are more likely to get bitten by Luis Suarez than by a shark. I wish I was kidding
I don't like fights at all .
Ok lady has no idea how to hostess at a diner. God help her
Don't walk in heels with a twisted ankle... Bad idea
time to glitter up for while listening to your sing it sister playlist,
Nasty perv following my brothers girlfriend
They got this lady looking like she's going to a church service.... Some makeover.
Missing the game man
You were good looking until you had a picture pretending to fuck a girl from behind in your tagged pictures on IG.
Maybe it's the baseball ethics in me but I never show up to an important event without a clean shaven face
Yes today Independence Day for the USA but for us colombian its a normal day cause its not the 20th
The hot HS swim coach is at the drive in and he asked where the bathrooms were &amp; it took me a second to speak. I LOOK LIKE A FOOL.
Sorry I dont want a bunch of drunk people or people I dont know at an event thats for my baby not for them to go somewhere and get drunk at
Lastnight got me feelin so drained
Let me rephrase, is THE sassiest person I've ever met and I can't take it
is there such a thing as an audio interface that just fucking.. works?
Immature ishh, that's that shit I don't like!!!
does anyone know what manager is closing tonight?!
Fuuuckk Altidore just injured his hamstring. Worst case scenario. Not good.
I need to learn how to resist ice cream stat.
if you want to hold on to yourself the let yourself slip
Gotta fight Kyle &amp; Pels cause we like the same stuff but we don't like the same stuff, weird &amp; that shouldn't be allowed, someones gotta die
Going back to sleep until later .
I want to do something tomorrow :c
My mom is planting squash &amp; tomatoes now. She really liking these gardening stuff.
We were the closest class to go through high school I'm convinced
USA MOTHA FUCKA
Just saw ebru tearing it up down port...
My religion requires me to punch Supreme Court justices in the dick.
Ughhh. Is it the weekend yet ?
If you're good at philosophy I will pay you hundreds of dollars to help me\/take my class k bye
When a girl plays hard to get it is so sexy.
Stop complaining have a great time and drink
The thotometer is going crazy rn
25 years ago 5 black teens put in prison for killing and raping a white woman because they were forced to say they were guilty by the Cops
Nice nice now I can go to bed
My own fam doesn't even hmu to chill but misses me .. foh
Anyone else just see that doofus T-Mac catch Freeman's HR ball with the palm of his glove?
splitting the series is a good thing oakland scored 9 tuns in the 2 games mets 15
\": Dark clouds may hang on me sometimes, but I'll work it out \"
Watch @ Lebrons PATHETIC defense and ZERO hustle right now. I love it :)
\"It's not even summer why is the DJ playing summertime sadness\"
Two melatonin pills, family guy, and a solid pump
I CANT WATCH TEEN WOLF YET FUCK I HAVE TO STAY OFF TWITTER FUCK FUCK FUCKKKKKK
Karma police, arrest this girl her hitler hairdew is making me feel ill
How many of your instagram likes would come to your funeral? Asking for a friend ( )
Come on draw between and and
Cant exactly put my finger on why, but I have a real liking to \"Birthday\" by Katy Perry....hmmmm
Juuuuust a bit outside.
JoJo Say Your Pain Tolerance a Don't Have No Chill
I was on a some different shit last night
One Angry Dwarf is about Tyrion Lanister
Not a lifeguard anymore...maybe now I can get a job that a college honors graduate actually deserves.
\"D.r Oz can suck a dick\" harsh words Olivia
baby be life of the party
a pair of pants covered selfies? RT if you agree it'd be hysterical &amp; maybe Franco will get back to a fellow alum
If I can find a girl that has the same thought process as me ... It would be golden
Why must work be so busy today
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x9
What's I'll with my spelling today maann
My relationship w\/ oomf is actually hella funny.
Today I say goodbye to NY and head out on my 1st summer road trip. In the next two weeks I'll be in GA, IL, Fl, AR, KS, and MS.
You should feel like you're worth something every day no matter who plays the part
Hey guess who has the best record in the league it's the give them some credit where credit is due.
that really just irked the fuck out of me
Or however the fuck you spell his name.
How is vietnamese coffee legal and cocaine isn't?!
Getting old. I'll be 23 tomorrow. That's not the part that makes me feel old tho, it's that tomorrow's just another work day
That was the dumbest thing I've ever heard
If y'all didn't know ana is my cousin
When you read my text, but don't answer &lt;
omg still shocked my bae rt'd me
Long distance tutoring by K Grady
Nothing better than World Cup and drinks in Brooklyn
He looks so fucking good in blue
Polina semimova and Marcelo Gomes were PERFECT in swan lake (complete with tragic ending)
(Continued) mood \nI apologize but I'm on something new \nWorrying about self for now\nDon't have the time for much else
I always either have too many clothes on or not enough
I refuse to make a instagram, im not gona get caught up in any bs
Oh Jeter how I love you so
update on Altidore. Strained left hamstring.
What am I even talking about.
Enjoyed my last gathering. Glad to see them out and about in the twitter-sphere. Give them a follow :)
Thank God I'm off tomorrow !!!
Thank god it's a divas match. Pee break!
So excited to be celebrating my birthday seeing , , , &amp; !!!!!
.is that a cocktail?
I'm too lazy to get up and cook for myself and it sucks
\"We miss so much when we hesitate... You have to move so fast that you are guaranteed results!\"
Finally came home earlier than 1 in the morning. Need plans
u see that that's xiumin that's my child
Feels good to be in bed till 10:30
I see all these niggas posting pictures of their kid that didn't nobody knew they had.
Little fuck head stole my water bottle at the track. It's ok though.
Somewhere MJ is sitting there like fuck you lebron for the stare down in the first round
Para los que comparan.. empiezen a tomar nota y aguanten burlas...
Making it a tradition that I pregame by myself every Friday night
It's Friday and I don't Wanna do nothing but make money..... that's it
\": Water is wet. \" no water is the water..
G'morning Tweeties! Little bit of a late start for me. Just having coffee then up and out!
Let's goooooooooooooooo already
niggas better know the shit I do it's cause I truly love yah.
Holy JESUS THAT TRCK CAME AT US LIKE A WRECKING BALL GOOD LORD IM SO SCARED
How will Melody's date go?
First day of work and I managed to sunburnt my scalp
RIP Clarence Clemons 6\/18\/11
The last song makes me cry everytime
I need to put my foot down. My sister be gettin shit too easy.
I BELIEVE THAT
True life: I'm addicted to Chapstick
Today calls for a long lunch break
im going to meet so many new people and have so much fun im going to be living the life ive always wanted:))
And I throught I was gonna be out of the house by 11:15 ?
Todos la conocen con el apodo de chona
Real question is y does amber have that pic of me
I wanna just go home, eat and go to bed!
There's an interesting correlation. Hmmm. I absolutely am totally goijg to Finally be happy
I'm about to throw shade &amp; put somebody on blast at the same time. I'm told this could rip a hole in the fabric of the space-time continuum.
You're dead ass so fucking annoying you say one thing then do another and can never keep to plans and then decide to chill when it's good
You should never be your own screen saver, background, etc. no, just no.
Dude im like the only one in this store.
That was a true GOLAZOOOOOO
Cummings aren't you under investigation.. Oh yeah
just got home from work. gonna give my whole body a scrubbbbb
he he he he he he .... I LIKE ALL MY GADGETS TO BE ALIKE MYSELF fast as LIGHTENING so I CAN HELP ME HELP YOU too MY HONEY$
Holy shit. I'm old.. I turned up for a 13 year olds birthday... And fathers day.
Anyone to that i see tweet \"murica\" today will get hit with the insta-unfollow
You really can't down talk Lebron this year he didn't bum it in the finals his team did
And I forgive you being you, cuz you were better when you faked every smile
It's starting to sink in .glad this day is almost over
You can tell I had a tumblr before a twitter cause of all the retweeting I do. I think I retweet more than I type actual tweets.
Do you ever eat a food that is so good it makes being fat worth it
So I'm just so fed up
Seeking $5,000,000 for a startup that optimises music so it DOESN'T SOUND LIKE SHIT ON GSM HOLD MUSIC
Definitely going to six flags or great america at least once this summer
Needless to say Justin wasn't happy
imagine sawing off your nipples with a knife
Roosevelt Island and Sprinkles to end this weekend, I am never leaving this city
after everything I've done it just makes me wonder why the world sucks so much
Girl can you quit playing and answer my texts
Not wanting to sound like an excited schoolgirl or anything cause Im not, not that theres anything wrong with it but its TIME YAY!
Yo we definitely gotta hang this summer!\n\n*avoids you every chance you try to hang out*
Next year the NHL gets another Mackinnon
There shouldn't be a day were you think your not worth it.\n\nBecause the truth is you are not matter what.
Uhm that was amazing.
Hate when I accept someone on ig then they automatically spam me.
I bought the highest heels I own yesterday
Having no expectations has never let me down
Does anyone have white spandex I can borrow today?!?
I'm fuxk with older chicks the most tbh
Nooooo thank you I know what I'm worth &amp; it's certainly more than all of this.
Why is this line at Trader Joes longer than the one for space mountain
And my paycheck just took a $300 to $400 raise a week ... Hard work pays off ... Hello corporate
Nah jk I lost 993 followers since I started this account
Did Ronaldo forget how to play soccer today?
I was a person before you, and I will be a person without you.
Thanks for ! : Follow Friday!
We're miserable apart, but together it's so hard
I must be honest tho I'm gonna miss having gym with , I'm really happy she was at graduation today
If a fireman comes to your house smoking a cigarette and your house gets caught on fire he did it
Im only 18 weeks and Im already tired of being pregnant! thanks to this heat
Ich liebe Frankreich, aber ... DEUTSCHLAND SEIT!
Yoooo what if someone is pretending to be you and is catfishing someone right now!
The tv show lost is giving me such anxiety! Goodness!\n
How funny it is when you find out the people you knew are not the people you thought they were.
Bruh.. how's everyone guna start throwing up L's now.. that was supposed to be my thing :(
Yo this niggas nose is broken omg hahaha
Literally had a blast today in San Francisco!
WE IN THIS BABY
This sunburn I have is serious
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x2
Time to get up and be productive and by productive I mean drunk
Nick look like denzel in He Got Game
Most companies under resource their innovation engine and underestimate their intellectual property opportunities.
Ronaldo can suck a big fat one
oh MY GOD PLAY IN DA CLUB BY 50 CENT TO THIS HAHAHAHA
yeah I definitely have a black mom laugh
After all those days of babysitting I come home with no money
I could buy a cheap car!
Honestly if u didn't text me that and waking up to your mean tweets about me .. I would have talked to u about things .
My hair is so ugly I want to kill myself
It pisses me off when Isaac falls asleep on me like okay we're talking &amp; then no respond ughh he does this every night it's really annoying
\": Everything is better when you decide you don't care.\"\nIsnt this how everyone should think....HEY
lets be honest i probably will
Deadass cant wait for tonight FUCK work today
Well I have been to Costa Rica, I probably met some of those players and didn't even know it, good for CR!!
Christian just did a body shot off Kalli so yes, this is happening
So i left Atl this morning and came back to NY only to find out that I have to go back to Atl tomorrow. I totally wasted a ticket.
It's hot days like these where I really wish I had a pool
I miss manny
Oblivious Texting and driving right behind a state trooper
It's funny how when you're a teen if someone thinks you're older than you are it's a compliment but once you get older it becomes an insult
Patty cake patty cake with no handzzzzzz
Dorothy got me a clay sloth bowl made by an Amish woman and told me I should be honored bc it was her first time making a sloth
I wouldddddd answer that but it's just a trap curve lel
The sad thing is ESPN will talk about how LeBron lost instead of how the Spurs won
If this cricket doesn't shut up I'm going to become a murderer.
Damn! Jack Bauer tossed Catelyn Stark out a window! That's what I call a Red Wedding!
I need some good party songs for my party, help!
.haven't seen Germany put a beat down like that on a single group of people since the early 1940s
DID YOU GUYS JUST HEAR THAT\nWAIT SH SH SHHHH\nTHAT'S THE SOUND OF MY HART BREAKING
The only game I ever play these days:
Pretty sure I just got the job..
Ima go to bed fuck that I'll do it tomorrow
I will perform any acrobatics to call u the name + pronoun u feel is appropriate for u but I don't want to be in your performance art piece.
New Victorias Secret in the mall? I need.
\"Let's make a big deal out of the little things\"-story of my life
You get waaaaaaay too much credit for doing absolutely nothing.
I've always thought Manhattan would be a good place to start.
the idea of packing is already stressing me out
my summer ain't been ass..its been chilling
take my hand it's yours for life, I ain't gonna do you any way but right
I have car grease on my hands. Life is no more as I once knew it
WHAT A STRIKE.
is Steven seriously not awake yet ..
Stupid Gone Home audio journals making me feel feelings
It's pretty bad when me Softee knows u
Ronaldo is so sellfish
Biggie said,\"damn,niggas wanna stick me for my paper, and pray for my downfall.\"I understand it all..
Born in June, what I need to be hot for?
talking shit rubs off on people.
Lol typo again shit, I'm too high for all dat
you never fail to put a smile on my face :)
So rowdy. 1-1
MT Making appt for . Finally had enough of Comcast internet outages. &gt; I would have too if I were in range
I can't wait to move out.
The psycho side that I knew was there all along has been revealed. I repeat it's time to escape
I feel like if i tell him I will ruin their friendship
Gooooooaaaaallll!!!! Let's go !
After 16 books I still turn to Schoolhouse Rock for grammar refreshers
Just swore in spanish, but ma surprisingly knows spanish
Now that the school year is over these teachers giving it up easy
U know for a fact it's other thots exposing thots... niggas not gonna tell too much unless they been hurt
I got a turf burn on my ass that's pretty cool
Ni te cace ni te embarque ni de tu familia te aparte ni de tu casa te aparte
man, i really want panda express been craving it for days now .. .______.
Sitting with getting ready to listen to at NYU
My phone charger is outside in my car and I don't want to go outside to get it
gonna burn all my bras. ion Need 'em
NOT EVERYONE CARES ABOUT THE WORLD CUP TWITTER
UPDATE: NY captain has guaranteed victory as of 10 PM yesterday. Will NY's short bench play a roll? Live tweets all day.
FUCK YO COUCH
Omg omg omg Dempsey
Do your nipples just get hard for no reason?
things aren't gonna go no where if it keeps going the way its going .
Stand for something or fall for anything.
Wow! Manu Ginobili!
i probably should just turn my phone off
Boston will always live in the shadow of New York!!!
Smoking cigars and drinking wine with big poppa on this beautiful evening
What a cracker shot!
So many things floating around my mind.
FROM THE CORNERRRRRRRRRR!!! OHHHHHH
The fact tht its summer hasnt even hit me
Being stuck with my relatives for a week made me realize blood does not make you family.
Most awkward episode I've ever seen. Hiding under the blankets from embarrassment for myself and for all parties involved.
The promise ring bae gave me is so cute c:
tbh the Beatles are great and all but they're just not my thang
Since you been away, love has been M.I.A
The traffic through Jameson canyon rn is unreal
Excited for some old timers' day
that is the least sexual picture i could take of my butt
Happy Independence day! time to enjoy it with a very non american thing..football
Agarro el tlf y se reinicia:)):):):)
Quoting 21 jump street is the way to my heart
Sometimes my spontaneity can get the best of me, but I can never recall a time when I didn't learn something new about myself.
Why you saggin, fam. Pick your pants up.
Well at least the refs are letting them play the game
WHY IS LUKE GAINING SO MANY FOLLOWERS STOP MAKE IT STOP I AM NOT READY
I STOPPED LISTENING TO JACOBS COVER LIKE 5 MIM AHO AND IM STILL cryingG
survived a riptide
look at you now look at us\nall my niggas look rich as fuck
We there through thick and thin...
I swear it's like you never cared, you just needed me to fill the void.
How is the American flag not in your recent emojis?
But why is this bitch going around talking shit bout me man danmmmmmm
Hate getting dizzy and feeling like I'm gonna pass out
Is T.I. &amp; Tiny together?
Cav sitting here texting his gf and I'm poking random girls on Fb and debating on porn
Got some tough news today about a friend who's been having rough times for several years. Still in a state of disbelief, really.
First &amp; last time I'll ever hear a Greek curse.. They are viscous!
la grecia si merita di perdere anche l'insalata
Lol that sounds racist af
Hey and ... 2006.
Unemployed athlete? You mean stay at home dad
Jc and his girl tho... good looks
Hmmmm to go see tonight or stay in?? Decisions, decisions.
and let the sun wrap its arms around me.
Every single thing that has ever happened in your life is preparing you for a something that's meant to come.
Aaron just wants to hot box a blanket like if he was stoner
I should try to sleep again
Whoever decides these updates is mad fucking annoying
dis dat time of night when gates gotta be hopped.
OH. MY. GOD. Possibly going to TOMORROWLAND with my best friend???
Nobody wants to talk to me cause they think I'll burn their house down.
come over and either bring your love or your benefits
You know you like it like that, you don't have to fight back, here's a pillow bite.. Thaaaaat.
Wow my life is so below average fml
I've never seen so many white people happy about soccer lmaoo
People steal peoples laundry and put gum, tint, and that is why i am keeping my eye on yall.
And happiness is for, those who don't really need it. \n\nMercy \/\/ U2
Win or lose today Colombians will party regardless
I would let common have anything i got
Got a 39:48 10k at sunken meadow, so happy
Thanks to for a killer class today;) I'm obsessed with you too!
Can't wait to get back to Gville
Friends experiencing Saves The Day, Saves The Day experiencing friends. Jah.
I can't believe it I met President Seth Goldman! Only at
Possession is overrated
Lmaooo RT : On god need to be on lol her shit immaculate
Me queda 1% para despedirme de la vida social y quedarme en el anonimato sola sola solita
No pregunte si yo fumo , yo no vendo marijuanaaa
Well then. That was terrible and yet I thoroughly enjoyed myself. How do you do that Michael Bay? I don't think any more can meet my eyes.
If you ain't about that money game than pussy nigga shut up. Out here hustlin
When I'm tired we are rocking.....when I'm wide awake we are dead....WTF?!?!?
Like a cholo side to side
Flyers on te clock! Pick a goon and move on
Four hours of studying and I'm ready to snuggle up with someone
I feel like ranting all night wheres rodney ?
lately my teeth have been grinding I think it's my new stress thing i do
The machinations are fascinating. But the real pleasure of \"Scandal\" is seeing a black woman run the country.
Someone take me to chipotle tomorrow
Will I cry when the day comes?
Niggas always add me in shit the last minute
THE ONLY WORD I LEARNED THIS YEAR WAS SCHIUMA HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO TAKE THIS FINAL
Send me ideas my mixtape cover not final..
Really. When you had no one I was there. And youre gunna turn fake like that. Nah fuck you.
Wait forget it teen wolf is almost on
Where do you buy a Hawaiian shirt? \nTomorrow's already got me thirsty
Plus sides to tablet phone: watching Netflix\nDownside: shitty battery life
Dr Rahman.\nThanks a lot for awesome board reviw course. I Dr Zaidi passed the recert board.
Como quisiera que mis lagrimas suavicen :-(
i wanna live in space because no government and no oxygen
I do not feel good at all
I need a real nigga to make me breakfast right now
The walking dead marathon on amc I'm watching. Even tho I watched everyone. Still cool to watch...
JERMAINE THE MAN JONES!!!!!!
WE CUM FO FLATLINE EVERTING INNA THIS BUMBACLOT TILL CRASHDUN FOR REAAALLL!!!
Going to go see my old mate
some1 just asked me if i \"waffled\" my hair this morning bitch this is ethnic ppl hair
Fav for a DM with my honest opinion of you
woohoo goal in 90 seconds!!!
why my dad walks into my room &amp; starts calling people ????
Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh with you and your puta life
dinner topic is my sister and which of her friends had their periods already..... fantastic
Lone Survivor is such a great movie!
I can't wait until my dad dumps his girl lmaooooo
Starting the fourth if july with no electricity joooyy
OK WHY IS ARKANSAS PRONOUNCED ARKANSAW BUT KANSAS IS PRONOUNCED KANSAS UGHHHH
Two toned everything
I hate twitter dm because you can't tell that I read your message. So I'll tweet so you can be sure.
Old school rock n roll cause 'merca
Here comes the Messi tweets...
Imagine someone you had a thing with and really liked and then bam your friend dates them nah nah nah fuck dat
when you're single, 50000000000 likes.\nwhen you're in a relationship, 5 likes.\nhaha
20 bucks USA losses 3-1
One night with my French friends and I think I'm fluent.
It's too cold in SF. The Vegas heat got to me.
Di maria is absolutely magical.
You can never invest too much in training your employees
Why have I been drink since like 2 pm.....
Why is Mrs. Palmer doing this to me
There are certain drugs that are wedding appropriate: mushrooms are not one of them
Can't wait to get my REC on the real .
I can't think of anything worse than listening to C-Span open phone calls of idiotic democrats sounding like idiots that they are. I mean it
Your duck face just makes your mustache more visible
I don't believe in fighting for someone if I don't see any effort coming my way
.There was a brouhaha about amendments and they may have picked up that list by mistake. But Carney was definitely a Kocher.
My dog snuck into the pool!!! So so cute
We used to be Bestfriends , where did it go wrong .?
Ok my phone is saying I have 50 new messages but I can't view them bc it's down...my phone is so stupid
You're always in a bad mood for no reason lol
Major Team USA - Germany World Cup soccer viewing today at noon.
I except so much from people, it's annoying
People that take their sweet time down the escalator when a train is in the station: you sirs, are the worst!!
So did they really just take him off on a stretcher for a pulled hamstring...
Crazy to think about moving to Canada in a month
I WANNA GET OUT THE HOUSE BEFORE I CAN'T .
It's only 1030 and everyone on the road has managed to piss me off today
My dad stole my yoga book.
i feel like every us history teacher sucks at their job.
\": Minsan talaga, kailangan mo munang pagdaanan ang isang bagay bago mo matutunan.\"
\"Im sweating like a mammal in here!!\" -Korrine
Working out and dieting it for
When you're trying to sneak a pic of a person &amp; the flash goes off &lt;
Wow 31 seconds in!! USA 1-0
I'm so awkward I so embarrassed myself rn like wow
reading all your tweets about rain and floods. why am I excited to move back home again?
Let yo girl breathe and explore until the time right
seeing your name on my screen drives me insane
You got the soul and you know how to use it, put your hand on my hip cause you know that I'll lose it
I AM\n\ntwo of the most powerful words;\nbecause what you put after them\n shapes your reality.
Happy birthday !! Hope your day was great
smitten by the dogs of New York
Wow....nothing less than they deserved.
Imagine if your name was Peter Richard Johnson
the FUCKING food network UGH
\": okay wait jokes on turning into a gilinsky girl kind of\" YYAASSS
Lobster for dinner is always satisfying
Happy birthday to America and
tu m'fais flipper comme ces femmes qui s'disent pleines d'amour pour leurs mecs mais couchent avec tout ce qui bouge
Nada que ver lo que me habia dicho
IL FUCKING JUMPING UP AND DOWN RIGHT NOW LIKE T PAIN DONT EVEN KNOW
Omg penalties gunna have me stressing even more
I really should go to sleep
I wish I were asleep right now.\nThat is all.
My goal is not perfection, but instead letting go of my obsession with it.
Being the employee of a airline ...has it perks, by far that was the biggest yet.
Dam I'm in so deep girl probably cause you're empty
He said mr t ! Lmfao
no, I didn't order a dildo, but if I did I would take the damn thing &amp; shove it so far up your ass you would taste it.
Why am i not growing. Im 4'11 and im 17... Like wtf is even going on.?
Woah what a kick to the face.
Goodnight tomorrow is my last day of school yay!!!
Like I understand you're not from here, but at least show a bit of *allah* damn respect for the country that gave your
Always nice to have your money stacked up
Can't wait for game 5
Yo no le digo mas nada
Ok don't clown lebron for crying...any one else would do the same
Afroman is the most underrated concept band of all time.
Ok fans, the booing was funny for the first 30 seconds.
If you screenshot your a fag....
Blanco leads off every game with a one or two pitch out. There has to be a better solution...
Seems like city tech will be fun this year
Mark Teixera sent a Tex Message....
let me in pleasee omg omg
Walking home from work was actually pretty nice :)
Ppl r stupid if they think alcohol makes things funner. Alcohol's a depressant; meanin it's a substance bringin u down. Search up da science
The light is on.....and I'm trying to sleep......and it's far.....not really.....just lazy.....and busy tweeting this....so many dots...
Watching the on univision GOOOOOOOOAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!
Odeio ter irmao mais novo , queria um irmao mais velho
dejen de shippearme con el, basta
Unreal Costa Rica in the quarters?!?! What a World Cup so far
Ew why ruin a perfectly good Kind bar with raisins and dates?
What a beginning! USA
That rain came quick holy shit I got scared
