I'll probably live tweet tonight but I'll try to avoid spoilers and just be like :O
Please come save me from work!!! I am exhausted.
No doubt is scoring today
Oh, thanks for taking the time to even acknowledge your friends who you never see. We appreciate it.
Beasley. Explosive. Smh.
&gt;force feeding yourself a banana when you're already nauseous in the morning
You could be the mayonnaise to my salami sandwich- Cc
NBA Draft need to hurr up wanna see if my warriors got a trick up they sleeve
Is it just me, or should every Friday start and end with fireworks?
I don't remember the last time I went to bed while the clock still said 'pm'
I hope whoever got my purse gives it to a girl who will love it. I'm happy I lost it...I think God will let another girl enjoy it now :)
Gotta have fun for this last month, gonna make a big change In my life forsure!
So am I wrong, for thinkin that we could be somethin foreal?
akaja que me hace reir Natalia deberia ser invitada fija :D
\": defensive sub late in game only.\" We cant have him ruining a year with such potential. He can stay in Sac!
Nice acting Mills
hahaha elle ma dit elle a fugue mdrrr rentre memplus moi jdit mdr pitain elle est bete
USA USA USAAA!!!!!!
Soccer looks so fun to play, if I wasn't so lazy I'd probably join a team
\": Now it's really official. New twitter handle, new profile photo. Go ! \" Welcome again to
Flip your with a Collector Care Professional Organizer
Not blow as in the thing ya do with ya mouf
BOOM CLAP SOUND OF MY HEART THE BEAT GOES ON AND ON AND ON
I made a conscious effort today specially NOT to ask people about theirs kids. But they told me anyways.
Just got my heart broken and put back together in lest than an hour and fifty minutes by this movie
See what happens when you work the count. Two bad it took blanco 3 Ab's to do it.
I fucking hate how this guy has a nice ass camera but takes the shittiest pictures.
.with my BFF! Can't get any better :)
Shaping up to be a great night tonight?
is school a requirement for tom?!
Fuck, i just wanna go to sleep and forget about the world.
A perfect world begins and ends with us
bought my mama a gift for everything she does fo me.
This day keeps getting worse. My mom has the love boat on.
All ive done today was eat and lay on my couch
Our midfield steel lays down the hammer. Huh?
Last Sunday was such a great church service.. I hope its a repeat this Sunday
SOS how much are spray tans at sun tan city
Damn USA came to play
I don't think Kayla knows everything she telling Keiveon hes screen shottin
I'm not going to talk to anyone tomorrow
Or could it be that the stranger is me
Nothing is better than watching a Yankees Old Timers game...\n\n
Seth Collins might cash it in
if i send you snapchats then your a true friend to me wow
We need to raise our kids to learn to acknowledge others points of view
I need to get drunk tn!!!
I thought this rolled up piece of carpet on the freeway was a dead body. I need to stop watching Dexter.
G'morning, y'all. Let's get this party started! &amp;
the goalie watched it go in
Not only are these soccer players faking injuries, they're also collecting pensions from the Long Island Railroad.
Fuckkkkkk yeah!!!!\n just started on \nWinning television tonite.\nthe
STFU \": Has LeBron given up? Where was he on that play? Kobe would have ran back. Jordan would have ran back. Just saying.\"
&amp; got a badass kid? I'll take care of em. lol
Coo lil seeesh @ the gym. This boy was like \"hey u have a nice lifted butt\" lol i was happy (:
Well rugrats and then some sleep
Not the nba playoffs and not this soccer stuff. I don't even know what it's called.
So this is what it feels like to be completely and totally done with the people you go to school with.
I have the want to say fuck anyone that has \"Vonte\" anywhere near their name .
My parents do this adorable thing where they totally forget to call me back or share any pertinent familial information.
Este frio me tiene todos los pelos parados mldcn:(
Cant wait to get the fuck out of NY for a couple of days and be in california. Need some time to relax and calm down!!
This has to be true love!
We've had so many sunny, beautiful weekends in a row that I get legitimately angry when it's garbage weather all weekend now
Safe to say I'm used to it by now
Glad that pharrell won for my favorite song Happy !!!
I been wanting to make a tumblr but it looks complicated
That was crazzzzzy
Yannah stay clownin Lmfaaao she be havin me tooooo weaaak!
Crying myself to sleep :\/ i'm so over being treated like this.
U know what that means I'm out!
my mom works at a hospital and has off today, i work at a grocery store and still have to work....
Just bitched out the valet guy for not giving me a ticket for my car only to find it the second I get up to 's apartment
Was pretty funny
The heat fucking suck. Like how many star players yall need my dude.
Someone once told me that there's beauty in everything and that stayed with me forever.
Pelicans don't go with that trade. we don't need a center..we got Davis
It's $4 Fridays and has a yummy kids meal. Music, play and good food! We are open until 8.
There are no cats in America and the streets are filled with cheese.
I guess Im not a smoker any more
Let's go baby time to shine
Yao I haven't had cereal I'm 2 weeks... I need my fruity pebbles
Solid win for Chile
The only reason my hair is brown is because I messed up the blonde and had to rehab it . No other reason for the change .
GOTTA STOP MAKING BAD LIFE CHOICES U KNO
English version to bailando is complete trash
she deserves to be back!
I'll be there is probably one of my favorite songs
Don't have time for childish games man.
do not care 1 oz about ur sports tweets
literally giving to old kid cudi songs rn
Can I throw u in a pit of fucking fire.
Watching an Anti Muslim Video caused Lois Lerner V's hard drive to crash, splutter, die......
Bitch telling me to do my homework, that I'm wrong, and I don't know shit, and in the end, I was fucking right, cunt back bitch..
Next person to ask what is wrong with me or if I'm ok I swear ima go crazy
I almost forgot about tonight !! At least that can make my night a little better, except it's not the same watching alone
\"If I was to sink my teeth into your eye right now, would you be able to stop me before I blind you?\" \"Give it a try.\"
Up side: I've been a shirtless man doing household chores (assures me this is an upside)
Standing up, or walking in a straight line is not my thing right now rn
I Don't Know Why . But I'm Totally Freaking Out By Being In A Dark Room With A Lit Candle .
Wish he was my boyf.
I really started getting into solange after losing you and I adore her psycho ass
When are Orlando Gordon jersey's for sale?
There's another look right in my eye
Yeah I just realized how annoying you are. Go away
Shannon lighten up I'd kick u out if my house too u are a secret drunk &amp; a bitch &amp; u come off as perfect &amp; a snob !!!
First day of work and i get free pizza and drinks
Damn I could really go for some Tim Hortons rn
What is a meat? Nick mandala is a meat.
Yo Ghana,the soccer field is a tiny bit bigger than the sidelines..Why not try and keep the ball on the field for the majority of the game?!
I don't smoke no more , so don't hmu asking where the plug @!!
I really hope this summer is good.
y do my parents always ruin my night
If I get late to work I'm Deadass killing this child
British husband just asked if I wanted a cup of tea, the Limey b&amp;stard
Officially watched every since episode of . I would totally get the entire series on DVD. One of the funniest tv shows ever.
And I mean that in the least offensive way.
Wow. Twitter doesn't have an API available for showing animated .gifs. I knew they didn't like 3rd party clients, but... wow.
Ok I wanna go up mission peak now SOLO and finish that shit in an hour &amp; a half
This shit is annoying
Actually I just really want more tattoos.
Happy birthday Matt Mang! What are you now.. 12?
Forgot home much I love the New York accent
Dad ate my mini hot dogs that I made last night and put in the fridge. I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM ALL DAY AT WORK.
A mouse just shit on Ally
They should have put Alexander Rusev in that match honestly
Sevyn got that mom PTA hair going on
Just started the L word and it seems the stereotype is correct: Lesbians are bad at math.
Costa Rica earned it a lot more than Greece
at the show tonight at the
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
The Douggie In 2014 Lil Wayne Stop
I'm just sittin in the studio tryna get to you babbbeeeewyyyy
You are so brave and quiet, I forget you are suffering.
Take that M60 to 34th street ..and the Q train I go..
Who wants to eat? Im makin food
I wish I could lucid dream and pretend I go to Hogwarts
God is about to become my hero again , I know he will carry me through this week . Pressure is good sometimes .lets get it.
GUYS IM SO PROUD OF SHAWN IM CRYING
me and you both have a bad past...why not change dat
I'm so tired of that damn song .. Lord Jesus
NBA finals 2012 = year of the dragon. DRAGONS and RATS get along perfectly.
Sooooo I won't be able to see any of the USA game today
ok If you follow many I will follow you
Just spent 20 bucks trying to win a damn teddy bear
Aqui solo me falta el de la goma verde o el de la sudadera con cordones.
Shawn and jack gilinskly r very cute they can get it
Up lake making English . Why? Why not!
Save on save
Feeling more inspired than ever after seeing and talk tonight about giving back and impacting their communities
Why am I like this. What even am I?
You dont love me cus if u did you wouldnt have gave up on me so easily
The only reason I'm not wearing make up is cause I'm tan
How much is back sweat (per gal) going for these days? Asking for me.
squats help to lessen emotional turmoil
No help that's all me ALL MEE FOR REAL !!
Little girl who cares if he deleted it was bound to happen sooner or later :p(:
J'en aurai vu des films moisis depuis que je suis ici...
Everyone seems happy and I'm like eh
Cool story the plane is delayed another hour.And we are on the plane waiting. But like what's going on with food cause this sailor is hungry
Oh my god I am Ariana grande
The thunder storm last night was not cool
Not for nothing but if you come to the US at least make the attempt to learn how to speak english.
you know they're your real BFF if they answer FT on the first ring.
Have that goal and vision to be a better person you are today then you were yesterday.
Open up the duffle &amp; the weed start creeping
Hmm match sa gen surprise tjou
\"La vida no es significado, la vida es deseo\"
I wanna move somewhere with beaches
What I look like let another bitch have that ?
kind of sad how predictable life is becoming
Regretting not taking a drive up to Mt. Pinos before my crash.
\"God gives and takes, so keep life with open hands.\"
ang tindi mo!!, napaka selfish mo..
I could probably start a free people store out of my closet. Also a meth lab.
Such an expensive weekend, but so worth it
Idk a lot of things but I know I want you
I don't believe on that \"talking\" shit. Gtfoh.
Was about to sit on a ledge and just saw a rat run by...
Still deciding on whether I want to join another drama club. Nothing really sounds that amazing though
These niggas berak and cesar are fufu lame
HE'S DODGING THE FREAKING BALL.
Ghanaian players really think the world cup is azonto dance off
Na these demons done tried a real nigga
Babe needs to stop playin n come nap with me
Fell off a cliff and only broke my toe
Why do I think everything my brother says is so funny
JONES FROM OUTSIDE THE BOX!!!!
Made it! cant wait to see the cutest violinist ever! ! !
Let it be known. On this day 6-26-14 at the time of 9:28 P.M. Rob Williams dies.
What a bullet jermaine jones
Kiss you taste you all night alwayz
Lil Wayne is always looking crazy, it never fails
Damn that was quick the game just started. This should be a good game if they can keep it up.
Would people tell cancer patients to \"buy their own\" meds? Women have healthcare needs and should be treated like everybody else
Life happens I get that, but you should always make the best of it no matter what situation your in.
This man has NO chill in his body, I'm crying
Ghanas jerseys are pretty cool tbh
I know I'm in New York because I just saw a shop rite
\"The test of intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.\"
There's a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they are
I pretty much don't like anyone. I hate you all!
ofc tonight is the night im kept up in agony with a snuffy nose and a cough that wont go away. jesus be with me for the chem final
First thing I'm buying today is a handle
Dont act like ur all innocent \nYou know im taken and committed\nStop trying to fuck yp my happiness
Pretty sure Troy and I scared the shit outta some people tonight lol
I don't care how hard things may be, I rather struggle with the person who makes me feel like everything is okay all the time.
I don't get why a lot if people put 'lol' after like each thing they say like what's funny?!
Can someone please talk to me
To the contrary. I learned under the tutelage of el cacique Ramon \"Ray\" Velez.
PSA can anyone buy me lime sherbert?
I feel like a pill popped inside me
My moms is just happy as hell I'm staying out of trouble lol. she doesn't care what I do right now.
I'm so much more invested in watching American Ninja Warrior right now than I have been in any sports for years.
Everyone should be taught to spread peace In the world instead of being so negative
San Francisco's hills make it the most beautiful but exhausting place I've ever been
\": ya really hyping the wrong females...\"Retweet
I think this bitch tryna set me up
I'm do this shit my own way
I wanna build an amusement park that's candy themed and call it Candy Land.
Djokovic having a temper tantrum at the moment. I love it
After two long days...finally get to sit down and watch some soccer!
Kyle blackman is home holy shittt
Leaving in three hours... Maybe I should sleep a lil
How to save a life - the fray
I overthink life waaaaaay to much. I just want to know more about it before mine ends.
Voy a dormir tres horas... viva
Look I'm laughing but if Tamar brought me on stage I'd probably get the mic snatched too
i can't get over how good this show is.
He didn't want her to be grungy or like him (in the note) I sure as he'll know she's read it and now, she's almost exactly like him.
I haven't hit the beach yet
today \nASX up 0.8%\nHK up 0.7%\nShanghai, Taiex up 0.5% each\nNikkei, Kospi up 0.4% each\n$NIK $XJO $HSI
That was a crazy save Ned v. Mexico
I'm could really go for a blunt
Tyler posey is such a dork and I love it
preciso de ir ao cabeleireiro fazer qql coisa no meu cabelo
My uncle just said he would date Cristiano Ronaldo..
Tina is trying to go to Philly right now and I just can't lol
All outbound trains are Ls. Really ?
Can't wait to get myself a new cutesy bathing suit!
These past months itself feel like a year
1% fucking niggers with
Advantage to having a job where you can't be on your phone... Your phone battery lasts all day.
I try so hard not to look like I'm a crack whore....
A majority of the people at the moma smell
A fecal exam of a scouring lamb showed stomach worms. He would die if not dewormed. I gave him 2 ml of Prohibit. He will be better tomorrow.
I'm really mad, I was eating healthy and come home to a party tray of tasta
CLINTON DEMPSEY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL
Middle schoolers in groups numbering greater than four are scary but when in groups of seventy five... I'm surprised that I survived today
President Obama at --- good taste!
You know, just feeling the boys kicking for the first, second, third time
Im hella proud of my dad for going back to school! Congrats and Happy Birthday!
Holy shit, Johnny 5 is at the World Cup!
im probably gonn fall asleep during this test
I cut my leg on the end of my bed and there is skin on my sheet where I hit it. Cool
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Bitchs with little ass thighs and a big ass butt look odd lmfaoo
So they threw my keys out by accident at project grad
I need to buy another interview outfit
I can listen to the storm and fall asleep fuckn relaxing
Stock Futures - - Flattish thus far:\n\nDow Jones -4\n\nS&amp;P 500 -1.10 \n\nNASDAQ +1
But like I thought he wanted nothing to do with me, so I just kept walking
Snarldor Snarldor Snarldor
This Thots r winning! N nigga wants faithful bitches
Seriously, this one girl I know who raves wears the same fucking outfit to all her events.. like ew
Name 1 person in piscataway that dont say fuck outta here
Just got notice that I have to open the shop at 6:30 tomorrow....damn it to hell! I guess this is \"Night night\" freaking BS...
\"Pimples are the lord's way of chastising you\" - Carrie's mother
I need to go to bed lmao
Yeoooo our match is up
You gotta know that the sky belongs to no one.
Crime against humanity!! How isn't 's twitter account verified?!
I'm waiting for the LeBron haters to tweet after the Heat lose this game. They cannot even say it was his fault bc he put in that work!!
Everybody always got somethin to say
When I don't makes sense it is because I am putting in my 2 cents worth
There was a fly in my room and I just spent the last 15 minutes feverishly trying to kill it, those things are resilient.
I just realized I'm not at all attracted to Cristiano Ronaldo
I think that's why I am the way I am
Love the way cuts a promo... Take notes folks that's how it done
I hate when I get all sweaty and then my hair gets puffy af lol
I'm always going to support women sides no matter what
Thought we finished but we have another 2 episodes for the conclusion
Happy birthday to our when he leaves ny, I leave ny!!!
At Microsoft's office in the Bay. Looking forward to tonight's event!
I wanna sit down, have a couple drinks, and talk business with Donald Trump
Odio by Romeo Santos is a great song
What the fuck did I do.
I wanna kiss the fuck outta u
I'm going for because they are wearing , plus I'm just tired of Germany.
Crikey, I haven't tweeted today. Now I have. Phew.
i want to go to an indian wedding so badly
YOOO hope the show had a good turn out and you brought that bitch down homie! Had to get this money or I'd of been there!
fun sf game: what drugs is street urchin on??
That girl is such a fake model.
SARINA JS JN GHE SAME AIRPORT AS LOGANY YHH
Leggo Germany, let's do work later on today
Fun fact: 's favorite animals are killer whales, koalas and turtles.
I couldn't believe a prominent conservative lawyer who gave us shitty Bush would support marriage equality
Whoa just saw mega lightning. It's gonna thunderstorm soon!
Call me weird but I cant have a conversation about sex, hate talking about it hate when people tell me about it
People will tear ur life down just to build there's up
Today was the suckiest but one of the best days I've had in a minute. Real talk
Some winner of the Heisman at USC is in the restaurant right now
My eyes are open. If we do things on our own and for our own then we won't need these white agencies with their subtle racism
IS IMESSAGE FUCKED UP OR IS IT JUST ME
Just got home from the doctor and I have a high ankle sprain...hahahahaha I have no luck
you ain't even gotta smoke to get faded \nyou ain't even gotta drink to say you made it
A show about virgins is coming out, wow mtv you really create the best shows
I'm SOOO excited to see the Purge 2
\"I like drawing the back of hair and I also like drawing hats, so yeah here fans have Jotaro\" -Lord Araki
I should totally be on Big Brother omg. I love drama.
The game started at 7p tf mom u hella late
let's just home my mom doesn't come home while it's boiling
I can't stand people who don't know the difference between then and than
May or may not move in with Kara for the week
Something blew up outside &amp; now there's car alarms going off. Typical.
I cannot watch the bachelorette. I fall in love with all of the boys. Just let me kiss them and I'll be on my way
What ever happened to Jo Jo? Lol
I know where I won't be tho...
Prolly the only person on everyones TL
This lady better stfu n stop talkin fckin crazy . My dad ain't takin shit down bitch I hate u!
I work at at ten in the morning but I cant sleep with all this anger right now
Such a intense fucking game the cup this year is fucking wild
Baby girl you know what I want let me do it to you
Why did I think this was a good idea
My boss made her dog a Facebook....
Ooh... Andi, that was a bitch move
Why do I feel like im gonna get sucked right back in.....
Today was the first time in 15 years that I met my godfather for my bautizo... And ooh how he has some catching up to do haha
lovely dinner new &amp; charming w :&amp; our friend Nick -all loved it!
I've had such a long day today I need sleep
Last meeting of the day combines 2 of my favourite things. and . Prepping for TechonomyDetroit.
Congratulations to the class of 2014 as they walk the stage and start the next chapter in their lives!
I want last night again to be honest
Ok let's do this!!
Joe Buck was on our flight, Bob
Happy Commemoration of the Declaration of Independence!!
I really hope this stupid super quiet echo voice thing doesn't become a trend. It's dumb.
Spending my day watching Tim Burton movies. Pretty ideal if you ask me
That was nasty
24 hours of no sleep, how am I still alive right now..
That was an enjoyable soccer game i need to do this more
I guess for the simple-minded this would be an appropriate time to blare Lionel Richie All Night Long *sighs*
no se como termine en cuevana viendo la pelicula de steve jobs
I don't trip over shit like this anymore
I hope ms thomas thinks of me when she reads john greens announcement
Je dis oh cest bien beau d'ecrire en anglais sur twitter , esque vous pouvez parler meme epuis vous nous gbolosser la ?
This was supposed to be the summer of George.
I don't even know why I get mad, like who are you? Haha
There ya go Messi.
No one will ever look as good as you do. You're gorgeous.
Sigh I don't even wanna go
What y'all thought heat was gon take it
Taking off waterproof mascara is the devil
Apparently being myself is try hard now
Tyler and I are literally two feet away from each other and we're tweeting at each other
hate it when I tell one person something then two more people end up finding out like ugh what is trust
Haven't even left my house yet and my feet already hurt
Can Jhene and John Legend make a song together though?
*Always leaves the sunset in hopes wherever I'm going is 5 degrees warmer*
Remember this morning when I drove off with coffee on the roof of my car ? That's how my day went
A zip and a double cup....
\": keep see you would be good enuff\" fly to the I whatsapp beb .
Why are flyers fans getting mad at hartnell? Yes he was the one who decided to get Traded. Makes perfect sense.
Need someone who will still hang w me after i eat friendlys ice cream and rub my food baby
the hood goin dummy the hood fuggin love me
forgot the cops from superbad pulled us over last night
Less than Zero,a movie about cocaine addiction gave me a craving for dumplings. I blame Han Dynasty. I'm never bringing home leftovers again
And that right there is game
Ramadan is not a temporary increase of religious practice, it is a glimpse of what you are capable of doing everyday.
THATS WHY I STAYED HOME RT: \": The fact that I'm about to attend church this hungover is so fuckkeddd\"
waste of time, waste of breath, waste of energy &amp; admiration for nothing
should i stay or should i go now........
I hope all my snapchat friends are ready for a bombardment of collie pictures this weekend HEHE
Chalking that goal up to the uniforms. We finally wised up and wore red.
so like this mutual unfollowed me and we had a really big shot at becoming friends like damn
Us goalie getting boards
I love how everybody wanna get involved.
Why you gotta be so rudeee
I love when ppl notice my great intentions.
Wtf ginobli got the ratchet
Your not soft if you say sorry first, your the bigger person.
Melody tried booking a flight to sf from sd with Alaska airlines...???
\": Trust game so messed up \nI feel like everybody tryna play me\" story of my life
Messi's the most famous athlete in the world yet you wouldn't know it if you didnt see him on the soccer field.
Being in the pool today was perfect
USA UP ONE
Dempsey had those defenders feeling some type of way
everything use to be so simple.
Tarzan showed us a valuable lesson in racism and we didn't even catch on
does anyone wanna teach me social studies in less than 3 hours ??
Yo confio en esta seleccion pero tenemos que mejorar esas cosas que son como una piedrita en el zapato y no nos deja avanzar
Can it please just be 10 already
Joey never let's me leave angry. If it's a thing less than happy he does every god damn thing to make me smile. I mean anything
My dad was looking for a parking spot and a Mexican guy was pulling out and my dad said \"oh that's an amigo\" I rly cannot
I don't know what to do anymore.. Nothing ever goes right. I'm just destined to always be disappointed and hurt.
THERE ARE SOCCER GODS
sitting on the side of the highway
well that makes me feel even more insecure now Lmao
If you need a good laugh watch my snapchat story of me trying to shoot with a lefty stick and then my sunburn
It's life thou , something's are harder to digest in reality .
Rub da booty \n\nLove da booty
Some people just don't know when to stop
wait, I feel like that was an insider for me cause my last tweet. Lol appreciate it but you could at least @ me. God bless, love
If my boyfriend ever told me to lose weight I would break up with him that second
OMG...When appears I throw up in my mouth....
let me show you what I'm all about
Lmao this nigga Tariq stuck his ass in the urinal b
Like bro really?! Your not getting paid for this... No need to go that damn hard. Just let the damn ball gooooooo!!!!!
I need new people to snap chat llol
When niggas ask me for nudes I just be like lmaoooo
Never was much of a soccer fan but let's go USA baby!
Im really annoyed of waking up early everyday for work
Get your pride on!
YAS ARGENTINA AYS
Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank God that you know me and have access to my dementia?
The book of negros? Really? Their accents were horrible
In grupo F, Argentina a Bosnia 2-1.
There's not a day go by I don't see Ricky post something about sex or Retweet something about sex
No one ever wants to play monopoly with me anymore. Ever since the arrival of my new merger rules, I destroy everyone.
I just bought the beach house
Bye byee\": Moment of silence for Greece\"
Probably should've been there for the few seniors that I interact with who graduated today. Whoops. I suck.
There's a box of unattended McNuggets at McDonalds and I'm debating on whether I should take it or not
OD religious family members fucking blow mine
Watchin you dancin and havin the time of your lifeee
Goal goal USA!!!
All the players in the CWS look swaggy AF.
noLA PUTA MADREEEEEEEEEEE
\": Now that I got this iPhone hopefully I can get some Thots.\" Damn, you betrayed the sets for hoes.
Happy birthday i love you &amp; I know you'll always have my back :) don't drink too much lol
I've got so many wounds from last night
El gol mas pendejooooooo en toda la fifa.
Oh I can already feel myself getting sore
Finally, Beats by Dre for helicopters, thanks to !
Always Bring a hoody with me to the airport
The only time I like pressure is on the footaball field....
Everyone be safe but enjoy today! Celebrate!
Honestly the better team was . They just wasted chances. But good game still
Lexie lad late? RT : Im spittin bars on snapchat. Lexieee420
I feel like fucking Sam Bowie
And just like that Messi sprinkles some brilliance on Bosnia...
Typical day at xsport walk in and there are 5 cops still getting that workout in tho.
Good morning : )
Snapchat is so fvcking clunky. Seriously, the developers need to stop smoking crack.
u know who u r ((((anthony))))))
Let's bring on Donovan. Oh wait
It smells like old people.
When ya bitch says she wants chipotle she's really talking about me cause sins get committed when she's around.....
I wonder if my sister noticed I unfollowed her lmaaao
I'm Going To Slap The Bitch Sitting Next To Me On The Train.
Shirtless man on my screen I am ok with this
Why yes, my highlight of today is getting Chipotle
Great day on deck tmr. then a quick dip into BK for
Next we'll be sending our kids to school in bullet proof vests to prevent shootings
These things happen is actually SO good
Comes with a credit too fnjrngjtnjtnhjtn!
HOPE IM GONNA GIVE YOU BIG TITS OKAY
I don't know if I'm bored to exercise or lazy.
Not to sound anti-American but I'm all France today
I'm having a going away party come over , west Babylon by belmonnt hmu
Bout to feed bae for the first time in .....................................................................................................
SO PUMPED CUZ I JUST SAW AMISH PEOPLE!!
Universal Technical Institute really fucked up when decided to only refer to themselves by the acronym for their school in their commercial
Let's play house
How to start\na conversation\nat a bar\nwith a girl\nso hot\nshe steams\nyour senses? \nPlay it cool\nChat with her\nlike she's\na real person\n
Dempsey!!!! A broken nose but not a broken heart!!!
Ratee; bms Tbhh: ur soooo gorgeousss ahhh like can I be u? Share some of ur gorgeousness plz dayumm ;))
Fuck it I give up completely
It's crazy how one thing can change everything.
But really.... Is he rich like me
I just want to see some fucking Dinobots kick ass.
Since it's gunna rain on prom...what do we do?
Be prepared (= n I mean @ all times! Cause this world is full of surprises. It might be bad or it might be good.
My stepdad is the biggest asshole.
Lol idk, I'm just bored. Noone is up, I'm hungry, &amp; all I have is water.
Don't go see jersey boys unless you enjoy frustration and restlessness for 4 hours
Bitches all over you &amp;&amp; you gonna wonder why I'm thinking ?
Waking up to a text that says \"anyone wanna go for a hangover meal at 12 and to get more alch for tn\"&gt;&gt;
I wish I had an accent ..
In starting an Instagram rap battle league with anyone from Jefferson tryna come at anyone from Jefferson hit my DMs
En la intimidad, me hace todo con alta calidad.
It's seriously disgusting you're wasting your day
DEMPSEY MY BOOOOOOOY!
Ohey another car dealership
I got preferences cause I'm beautiful. Jk if you're gorgeous, you're gorgeous but you fine Asian women so attractive
ESPN streaming froze right before that goal. At least they scored.
If you bring my iced coffee from Starbucks rn....I will love you forever.
Dammed if you do.dammed if you don't.they gon sit around and judge you anyway
I miss staying up till 3am facetiming
Take me to a dark dark place so I never have to see daylight again, at least for now.
If I ain't have this job I would do the rest of the orientations tbh
Peanut butter and coffee make early mornings a little more bearable
JAI ENVIE DE FAIRE PIPI MAIS J4AI LA FLEMME DE BOUGER LA
Tbh the only thing about this teen wolf episode that has interested me is lidia's braid
Losing my voice, I sound like a man.
This storm is about to be unreal.
If not for that front...
there is a special place in hell for people who tweet\/instagram pictures of spiders
lara calls world cup elitist because 'not every country gets to play'
EDC fucked my sleep schedule up.
Someone come over for a fire.
50rts and I'll punch my aunts lamb in the face tomorrow
Goodbye ! It's been fun. Always going to root for you except vs the
I love Frankie and his pink hair.. Yes! Lol, but he should've known that these hoes ain't loyal lmao
When you accidentally favorite a tweet &lt;
If USA makes another goal I might just
There is a whole box of hard drives and 5 boxes of electronics parts and cables. garage inventory!
Hi ho, hi ho, it's too fucking early to be going to work.
It's gonna be nice to get away.
good thing I have the ability to give zero fucks about anyone or anything.
FANTASTIC series of touches
The Stanky Leg: strangely named as the \"Stanky\" leg is the only thing that gets clean. Wouldn't recommend
USA! - outstanding!!!!
Goal!! Wow!! Dempsey!!!!
I really liked my outfit too :(
I swear everyone has the worst pics of me
Need to see 22 jump street ASAP
Why do I even make plans with you
People are too quick to judge now a days .
Officially getting tatted in two weeks i need to man the hell up a stop being so soft all the time
\"Whats your favorite thing about ashley?\" \"Her banana curls\" \"her back dimples\" \"her smile\" AWWWWWW FRIENDS
That was sick let's go USA
Wow you sure are something else..
I honestly so fucking annoyed with everyone on the planet
Bruh I'm never gonna get this done .
Off to Watertown...
Amen! RT : It's time that five men on the Supreme Court stop deciding what happens to women.
USA WITH GOOOOOOOOAL
What an intense tilt
I'm heartbroken over today's new. Utterly devastated. But the angry calls for retaliatory mass murder add insult to injury.
If you are in the middle of foreplay and she asks while you are caressing her cafe if they feel fat; correct answer is your eyes are lovely
I can never win.
What an exciting opening panel at and more
Forest can be my tour guide anyday
I hate when I leave something at practice
I wish was my friend
On my life I woulda ate that booty with a knife and fork
Those leggings though come on boo boo thang whatchu playin at
Beautiful goal! Go USA! Fuck all other countries
Going to the game finally!!
This is my biggest issue now a days. FOOD
10:30 am and on the second phone battery...
Will Nahmens has one hitter thru 4,
Nice dive Messi
I think I'm just going to put the TV on mute, open all my windows, and listen for cheers or grunts.
Portugal goalie didn't even do shit
Can't stand parents that are on the sidelines that act like youth sports are like watching the pros. Grow up
Well this is so exciting!
The sun drained me yesterday. Sore and tired, but Nate is will asleep! I'll take that as a win! :)
I hate to wish my days away... the evening can't get here soon enough!
Thinking about you is making me sad\/pissed off all over again.
Soda water + squeeze of lime + pinch of salt = delicious, refreshing beverage.
Pretty sweet shirt for the real American.
you can't trust them snakes benzino.
Dreading having to spend another 8 hours at Bella's.
Left my ID at a bar tonight. That's why I can't have nice things.
Females with a potty mouth is very unattractive....
Dude how tf do all these white girls have big asses omg...
Jones with rip
WORD IS BOND BEEN WOKE
east side with the win in the all star game
we need to learn to love ourselves and the people around us
Impossible not to be interested in when is playing.
It's alright Brons still the best player in the league...
You know waka shot first like john starks
They were also fighting demons. Not just shadows
\"I get a senior discount at 62\"- big rich \"wow just be nice\" -me \"just one step closer to the grave\"- big rich
creo que cada vez es peor
Fuck her right in the pussy
Last 2 days at were motivating, inspiring, &amp; fun. Great to see all custs and partners together. Pls send feedback for next yr!
You're going to hell for that one
I'd be lying right now if I told you I didn't shed a tear after Costa Rica won
Dude music is the key to success gets me so pumped and motivated to do anything
At Buffalo Wild Wings watching soccer with adaurie but I don't know anything about soccer lol
this girl just lit her hair on fire
JERMAINE JONES!!!!! You sexy bastard !!!
Great hustle Billy \"groundout\" Butler
USA! USA! USA! USA!
Now I need to go out and buy the book
Come on baby be with me so happily
Duck ass bitch
Ugh what a day I have ahead of me
I need more episodes please I'm begging I need more.
So... When is nap time? Monday-Friday 9-5 is a real struggle.
I hate college and im not even enrolled. Brahhhh!!!
\": for the goal!!!!!!!\" That was a hell of a goal!!!
Thanks for the advice! Yeah I just want a little muscle on my arms since i barely have any lol
I do not like Malia very much
I love how when I'm bored at work my phone is silent then when I'm trying to sleep my phone is just like hell no
*in valley girl voice* '...you either get twitter of you don't'
I only painted a canvas how to I have paint all over my legs?
Next time I g to mex I'm inviting someone
Rice and beans. Plaintains. Strawberries.\n\nStarting this healthy eating thing back up.
Chloe is brainwashed . And probably knows they need that device . I see Chloe dying.
I am fckn in love my parents.
Trying to keep my temper so I don't say something I regret later on.
i missed hella im so mad
Why must De Niro torture me !?
keys to success tonight: 1. Score more goals than Ghana. 2. Bend it like Beckham.
It's basically impossible to leave a Filipino party without taking home food.
Detour to upper east before heading downtown to see &amp; co. The night continues...
If you don't care I don't care
hard to be humble when you stuntin on a jumbotron
I feel like the only good thing about raves is the half naked women
Still want y'all to lose, god dammit I was supposed to be on hiatus
Need some girls for this video shoot. If u around come thru. DM me for address
Jorge strikes out Ziegler looking to leave bases loaded in 3rd. lead 2-0
\": In order from most important to least \n1. Family\n2. Teammates \n3. Friends \n4. Ratchets\"\n
David from Chromeo and A-Trak are siblings wait what
Seriously tho I'm glad Emily didn't know me back during the election or shed h8 my ass
When he shows up in your nightmares, don't offer your forgiveness. When he offers you his lips, go for the throat.
I don't know what's worse: clipping your toenails in public or having long-ass toenails.
My dad se hace menso, but he knows.
\": Foh nigga u corny\" LMAO
whisper dirty secrets while im pullin' on your hair
If you can't get over the past with someone do not even keep trying to build a future ,never will it work
I sense a connection with the asian and white girl on teen wolf
Damnnn I c u Jon I c u
I've seen Curtis lepore like 20 times today
I love Spanish commentary for soccer games. They speak truth. Calling players out for acting.
I mean what the ... Do you even pay this person? Also you told them an intersection AND showed them a map on your phone.
I try not to tell my problems to people , 20 % of the ppl u tell don't care and 80 % r glad u have them
The day I don't have work is the day I accidentally sleep in until 3:30...
Should I get the 30 servings or 60
Spending a day retreating with NYC women hosted by Tea + Purpose. Summer Hiatus: a perfect Sunday.
it's nice to be appreciated :) :)
Since every1 wants 2call themselves \"coaches\"now maybe I should coach baseball or football something I know nothing about so I should coach
Yes take advantage because they're too naive too say anything. You're not \"entitled\" too anything.
Hour 8... Jess pours the whole bottle of ranch powder on the popcorn
Tbh i didnt even bump these days as much as I thought i would today
\": You wear flower crowns? YOU ARE SUCH A HIPPIE\"
If you post memes, screenshots, or anything that isn't actual pictures of Instagram, chances are I secretly hate you and wish you ill-will.
\"If it bleeds, we can kill it.\" - Arnold
I WONT TREAT YA LIKE YA TYPICAAAAL
Is it breakfast time yet omg jk I don't eat breakfast
nat has a twin bed so I'm forced to spoon her and mackenzie and nat just ate a meatball sub so her breath smells
Want my boy Benzema to score
You've got attachment issues - daddy problems much?
Coping is often as simple as just learning how to have fun again.
Not sure if I'm more excited or nervous for
Luckily I have this restraining order, because I would have handle Courtney's shit with you real quick. Go flip a tire manly bitch.
Some man just asked if I was in frozen.
I would do anything to be at one of the World Cup games
That nap felt great, except now i'm going to be up all night...
Power hour is the greatest game around
pops from regular show is actually tokiomi tohsaka
No hay medicina que pueda a mi curarme, solo la que tu me dassss
Still want to put rhinestones on my Sharks jersey... It's cute ok!
Who wants to go to BWW to watch the soccer game tomorrow?
jamming out to the drowsy chaperone in between screaming and crying due to lighting in the car is what I live for
The best BET performance of all time was last year with Elephant Man, Beenie Man and the whole Caribbean crew
I just get so excited about life because I have the opportunity to be everything I want and more
Finished watching Dr. Strangelove I wish someone like still made movies. It's absolutely incredible he made 2001 only 5 years later
If ever there was a moment to say OMG! \nOH MY GOD You did it again Lord!!! You did it again!!!
Learn to appreciate what u have before time makes u appreciate what u had
Y don't they tell me shit so I know cause I'm sitting here rn
This Andi chick needs to drop nick
You're so miserable that you try to make everyone else around you unhappy too
July 4th travel deals on w : Phila, Flagstaff, Oahu. Find out why at 6:40am!
Such a joy to watch the Spurs pass and move.
He didn't actually grab his hamstring
an hour later and I can't believe I sobbed violently over a single picture of julian casablancas
Congrats Spurs and Spurs fans. Time for Game of Thrones.
I dont get it. Im always the last one to find stuff out.
hola abro la web de uds y un Troyano me martilla la cabeza, chequeen
I just want to travel the world. Experience different cultures and see the wonder's of our Earth.
Another frustrating loss. What the hell is going on?
Might go smoke with ol girl today wit her baddass
*stands in front of video game* PAY ATTENTION TO ME
Its only a matter of time till i stop fucking around and send beats that i have stashed up ....
yet you're all soo convinced and no one can tell me any of the 11 other guys I slept with
i actually rlly love this pair of shorts. they actually fit nicely
so there may wrght haers who want him traded. he plays through everything. did he take himself out of a game after first at bat
Ugh now I know how it feels ..
Playing Yoshi's island on the SNES emulator fuck wit meeeee
If that Simmonds was part of a deal for the Panthers .....people will call me crazy but I'd have been very tempted.
The jet lag is so real. Even if it was only 3 hour time difference.
I wish that was for me
There's the Messi everyone's been waiting to see.
even when we chilled i didnt say much
Am I the only person that's not a fan of watermelon?
no hay nada mejor que ser correspondido
El orgullo nos hace creer que vamos ganando 1 batalla,cuando en realidad estamos perdiendo la pelea para ser feliz y todo es tiempo perdido.
Is it a good idea? No am I still Ganna do it? Yea
Ochoa &amp; Dos Santos of Mexico are on Philippine trends.Happy that Filipinos also watch not just Miss World :)
Couple from Rhode Island said:1998 dude was intruder in her house, caught him stealing,didn't call police,liked dude, dated married happily.
She said my name is bougie
How much would you pay to be able to talk you your pet for 24 hours?
Someone help with a good netflix movie
OH MY GOT THE TEMPLE OF A THOUSAND GATES I BEEN THERE I GOT LOST
Yeah... I have the most awesome boyfriend.
Quote this with your favorite memory with me. No gay shit
Summer in the city... means sweaters, sweaters, sweaters.
relying on this answer to make me happy
Al final no se puede decir lo que sentis
Watching the Olympics on Olympic day... And watching kill it on floor for USA
Accept the past, manage the present, and work hard towards the future.
I should probably get up and start getting ready, since I leave suppose to be picked up in an hour
You ain't een gotta tell em..
I'm mad at because she still hasn't came to UCF to visit me !!!!
I'm not as hard as you make it seem
Goin to my first Yanks Sox game Saturday night with Madre and Brohan Santana. Tanaka vs Lester should be life changing
Met a Canadian native RV mechanic who is moving to Washington to start his weed farm. Good first day of work.
Switching gears to watch the Miami heat lose the nba finals
What you use ? RT : Sponges are gross.
Let me go for a quick run, I might see something good outside
A little sad to realize that there are only 4 more school days.
I really love Ricky \nI'm so happy he is in the Top 20
So Ghana is definitely trying to injure all of the United States. No doubt about it they're playing so recklessly it's not even funny.
I seriously need a real job and not one that requires me vacuuming. Damnet.
Its funny how I can go ode long without texting anyone !
Jermaine let's fucking go!
Talking about moving to dad's house in Mexico, i fuckin wish &lt;33 no bills, no rent, no stress. Dad said he stayed in america for us
How about women read real literature to let men know they have brains.
Muntari and Boateng are Ghana from their team? Well thats unexpected
Out air conditioning just broke and I can't say anything funny about it because I'm too busy wanting to die with overheating.
Im to young for this shit son
Im repulsed that I like salt and vinegar chips
I hate the people who wait last minute to merge during construction. You're the reason for traffic
running the day after leg day is painful
yolo ; you obviously love Oreos
I want you so much but I'm not gonna lower my self respect and look like a fool, I'd rather not.
How this kid favor me n how she know I have twitter omg I showed my friend n idk how people know
Nigga be so stupid nowdays . Like shit it's just yogurt get over yourself Smh
fav this if ur straight as fuck
Has anyone noticed that my two bestfriends are weird af . Eww why do I socialize with them
Hey everyone I'm going to the gym! ##
KNICKS OVER YA LIFE
I still don't know what I ever did to you. Not that it matters anymore.
Idk how I'm losing weight but I'm not complaining
If anyone wants to come tanning i will be out there from now until like 5
And I'll do it every single time
Got a mosquito bite in my armpit
I'm about to throw up and die on 86th street help me
I would much rather listen to Alice Cooper's \"Schools Out\" afterwards than \"Turn Down For What\"
If I have you I don't need anything
Opening Ceremony: Hurricane Sandy proves that is real.
My brother has a class ring, he's graduating from middle school.
I don't judge people, I would expect the same in return but people don't know any better
Not getting up unless it's 95 and sunny
Wanting to open up but not knowing how &lt;
Do any of you ever check Twitter for updates when youre watching the game at the arena or is that just me?
Hey I'm done paying for your service. No and you get zero from me! Bye Bye forever.
Aren't doing submissions yet, but if ur seeing this &amp; are a champion of &amp; pplpositive anthologies, dm or email me
But Yowamushi pedal has one more episode left....ONE MORE FUCKING EPISODE LEFT UNTIL I HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL FALL!!
Tweeps, I need advice. Just found 2 pairs of preferred tennis shoe &amp; 2 half size too large marked down lots. Should I also buy 1of larger?
the amount of ratchets around me I can't
I respect everyone whose working a job they hate so they can make money
This is unbelievable my jaw hitting the ground costa rica to quarter finals wow
If my headlights and intake aren't here tomorrow I'm going to murder somebody
I have no idea why I'm trying to go to warp tour, the only band I want to see is Bayside.
Man today was pretty cool but it ended bad
How is it possible I have one brother who got a perfect score on a spanish state test n the other one in spanish support
I like to call myself stroke bitch
is showing the world what its like to do the right thing.
I'm really just waiting for New Female Hip Hop artist to come up n c twitter blow up when Nikki loses
Someone call homeland security and deport Tere from this beautiful country
whoa spurs won
Fuuuuccckkk. Come on Jozy. Get up
Patiently waiting on that
I literally stay up all night thinking about what I can blow money on
Why would I subject myself to such a horrible movie as Step Up? Channing. Tatum. (duh)
Can someone bring me some Taco Bell?
Online dating suckssssss. Where the handsome\/doting single males at?
Got the word 'calendula' stuck in my head...and cant stop saying boom shaka laka. Bizarre!
I feel like I'm going to be up for hours
So sleepy but can't sleep !!
My mom and dad just did a full on sprint to see who would get the last chipwhich and I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my life
You're getting exposed as catfish, u gotta at least take off the headscarf bruh
Twitter is slowly becoming a soft-core porn site............
This show is for D-list black Hollywood. Ugh.
The more you accomplish the more accomplished you are, simple really..
My brother told me to get up and do something so I got up and got ready to hangout with him and he is no where to be found. Cool
If a team uses all three subs and someone gets injured, do they get to sub that person out too?
You haven't talked to me in 3 days...
Im Keepin It Straight To Da Point Wit Chu Imma Put Dis Dick All Inside Of U
Congo is the fun kind of terrible.
GOOOOOOOIOOAAAAAAALLLLLL USA USA USA
I wanna move far away , away from everyone .
I deadass talk to no one for days at a time.
I seriously love me some Stephen Fry. Stephen Fry for Prime Minister!
like I've said before I'm the problem child.
\"Don't judge a banana by its peel.\" Wise words of wisdom from
I hate being in middle. It's too crowded for me
My new record at work is 4 people that I know of... God damn that's cray
Playing outlast, 1 am, by myself, during a thunderstorm, in the dark, afraid of lightning, terrified of outlast. Help.
I CANT BREATHE HOLY SHIT
\"You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had...\"
I think I'm a grown-up... just purchased a sofa and matching chair from not IKEA.
there isn't a faithful human on the face of this earth.
Should I make myself breakfast judging by the fact the sun is beginning to arrive
what thunder are you psychotic bitches talking about
JUST SAW GAB AND again HAHAHAHA
Is my bae coming out !
I'm churning out novels like beat poetry on amphetamines.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never get it. Don't ask, answer is always no. Never step forward, always be in the same place.
Looking for artists to perform at a event I'm putting together at my university (FDU) if you or anyone you know may be interested LMK :)
Please let that just be a cramp.
Wade needs to find a seat next to Chalmers for awhile..
Nothing fucks up your Friday like realizing it's only Tuesday.
since it's raining today I just want to stay in bed.
Assou Ekoto est martiniquais
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.- Vince Lombardi
Ils font tt pour pas avoir de filles pcq la bas c les meufs qui paient la dot genre
Almost like a rite of passage to pick up your bib 89th Street. Will be sad when it's gone.
Have a Happy Monday everyone.
Oh New Jersey, I've missed you so much
\": The quality of your life cannot exceed the quality of the people you allow in it. Be selective.\"
i cant write music when im shattered
I would rather listen to Fran Drescher for 8 hours
the not david hume on the david hume
See all the pain if you look into my eyes
\": All I need is a little cm punk in life \"Future mega star
Who wants to be a real one and go to the drive in
[Neuer slide-tackles youth soccer player in tunnel]
Well, that was fast...
I havent played my uke in a while
Ew 12 year olds in booty shorts
Turn off the tv to eat dinner outside. Turn it back on to the celebration of the Messi goal. This is some shit....
Bad girls aint no good and the good girls aint no fun
As of now is looking for 2 hit me or if u looking for a west coast team that's moving to the One
Thursday...BWW? USA game? 9:00? Be there? Ok?
Watching \"Diana\" and the reason Lady Di says she likes Khan is because he DOESN'T treat her like a princess.
Well this has been quite the eventful series finale
Good god, Benjy.
Being an emotional eater is annoying. I always get random cravings
I WANT TO GO TO CALIFORNIA RIGHR NOW
Fuck me right in the pussy
I need something new to watch on Netflix
I think I look sad bc my sister just asked if I was okay but I'm jusss annoyed
So I've been watching the Teen Wolf marathon while working today (lost my remote and can't change channel!) and I'm like.....
lmao \": THERE ARE BATS IN BRENTWOOD WTF\"
The Independence Day speech is amazing
A decade after the Ansari X Prize, there needs to be a re-assessment of its impact on the space industry. I'm not sure its that positive.
If you don't keep some tobacco in your blunt it's just not as fun ya feel
Ive been all around the world i aint never seen nobody like you
Girls market their boyfriend but their boyfriend never say too much..
Courtney isn't answering me, I'll just lay here in bed on the verge of tears. Ok.
\": 's are capable of persuading others with their sweet charm.\"
Is good important when trying to get a girl to like you?
Your marketing is only as good as as your agencies process and procedures
I broke my rules for you. Isn't that enough?
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Pretty sure none of my family misses me. I mean it's only been a day, but still
Oh iggy performing fancy I can fuck with it then
Nah. \": Did they make Paige vs. Naomi at MITB officiail?\"
That's me playing FIFA on semi pro
\": we aren't desperate; we just want someone to care about us, that's all.\"
I hate how I still have feelings for you. Only because they aren't mutual.
Ughhhhh tooooo muchhhh cookie doughhhhh
That's the way the game goes
Starting 4th of July with a screener about the moral decline of the USA.
30 FUCKIN SECONDS LET'S GO
Apparently big corporations rights are more protected in this country than women's rights.
Imagine finally noticing your account after all of your hard work and he follows you... this would never happen to me.
That was good now don't get too confident USA we still got to defend the rest of the game
Wow I do not like being hungover
Boyy i dont understand you.. One second your game than the next second youre not. What the actual fuck
(lol I know it was one of the boys haha but shhh he's undercoverrrrr)
Just got a awesome born a lion shirt
Today's really a dangerous day in new york
Just got blasted at Bungee Blast class...dare I head to for another round with ?!
1250 for a fucking escort drone I had 1375 how did I not get it
Why has today been feelin like a Saturday???!
IT'S NOON SOMEONE FIND AN EXCUSE FOR MY SOBRIETY LITERALLY IT'S THE FOURTH
secrets get told . lies overheard .
TELL ME BABY WHY DON'T YOU LOVE ME!!!!
New Yorkers are so uptight about their wallets and purses.
Now having a discussion on the accountability of parents, to reduce, more love, less verbal, less physical abuse
Yaaaaaas my bitch Kate is back everyone bow down
\"some dude just called me ma...almost slapped his mixtape out of his hand.\" -
El hombre de la violadera de conejo
Hi I'm shavon from nyc I love GOT 7 can bambam and Jr do aegyo please ^^ and say you love me lol saranghaeyo
Just had an awesome in and now listening to waiting for
Really wanted Altidore to keep playing smh
local commercials always blow my mind.
So annoyed that i deleted 200 people off my insta gram for u to just break up with me
Thank you and the fans for a great show.. Alittle sore but &amp; eddie hawkins, just know il be 100% for July 12th.
everybody has an addiction, and mine happens to be drugs
Be careful I don't wanna liter in your life.
Some days it's tough just getting up, throwing on these boots and making that climb
LMFAOOOO HOW DID THE SNEAKIEST PLAN EVER JUST FAIL.
I tried to make the dog amber rose lick me. it ain't work doe.
The details. RT : Condoms were originally made of animal intestines, oiled silk paper or linen, and were held on with a ribbon.
i wanna go to the city with some friends before summer ends.
Everyone needs a best friend like gayls
Hope what I wrote meant something
I think Argentina is going to take this win
2 months till Towson move in. Tomorrow is graduation for high school
Cluck is well deserved after today
I meant pretty AND attractive wow I hate myself I hate my typos ugh.
um hellur excuse me where is my cell service???
My mother is SO over dramatic.
i almost died when i entered the gym. hahhaa
That kinda sounded bitchy but I'm being totally genuine .. Awk lol
my hair looks really blonde and idk why but it looks cool
I didn't know girls actually went thru favorites..
Niggas can't stand Bitches That's Realer Then Them
Thas why Bey never come to their shows..
I ain't tall enough to ride that ride
I'm really fucking hungry -.-
clients from work are showing up in my suggested people to add on \nadd them?
My baby boy isn't even 2 months old yet.. So big but so sudden
sometimes it's okay to feel pain because it allows you to know that you still have the ability to feel
I'm terrible at inviting myself, call me over
KRHV 041347Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 16\/12 A2996
Boys need to stop fucking with a girl's feelings
No one wants to pick me up from orientation Tuesday so looks like I'm staying there.
summer aka no reason to not watch netflix all night
As much as I would love to educate our young women... Let me chill. 140 characters ain't enough.
and you wonder why this is a rape culture?
The main Objective is to stay Laser Sharp and Humble. Work,Earn and Be very Patient. And Know God Is Cool!!!!
You think you got it all figured out until life comes back around and knocks you off
HD pissed me off waking me up
Sick and tired of people who don't give a fuck
It irritates me how there are others that have made much more progress than me and I am literally frozen in time
damn knicks offered the max contract to oh shit
I'M GOING TO BE SECOND BEST AT MY WEDDING
They weren't ready for us
I wish Walmart was open 24 hours like it is in bumblefuck
Everyone suddenly evacuating themselves from my life shows that they weren't really ever there for me at all, they're no real \"friend\".
\"Name something you might forget to do when you're super busy\"\n\"Go to work\" \nHuh?????
Dempsey just scored with his dick
Just landed in NYC and I can only think about the pizza I'm about to devour.
No but yesterday was pretty perfect
Yeah I'm tryna get the RT on the late night so what
You used to like my style, I used to like your smile
Sun is out ! Lets cook
2 dollar Long Island ice teas!
I forgot about this particular DA after novac left. She's such a biiiiitch
4-1 Though And Ya Suppose To Be Champs Smh
I'm bored someone smoke w\/ me
I thought I was good enough
Growing up Fischer may just be the cutest show ever
a black man just got out of his car to talk to a kitten in the street???
\": Sometimes they push you away because they know you deserve better.\"
I'm perfectly content with being alone, I like being alone with my thoughts. it is actually vey calming and refreshing
Thanks everyone who supported me at the game tonight, boomer game was a fun experience
I havent won a game of bp today
Prank wars, I don't fuck around with them.
The birthstone cross is also nice as it is stainless steel will not break or tarnish.
maybe she's just not that intelligent
I always thought being home alone would be fun but I'm miserably bored
who's in this twitter fight i wanna see it all happen
I'm probably the only person in the US to have not watched frozen all the way through
you know your mom made that meal hm girl, shut up
I'm not sure if I think it's cute or creepy that my cat follows me literally everywhere I go...
\"Quiet people have the loudest minds\"-kid ink
My closet isn't big enough. It's gonna explode
When I'm home I chill In a tank top and panties , fuckkkk pants
tonight is the night to get wasted im excited happy fathers dayy
Fellas wash you hands. \nNo one wants to touch a dirty dick door knob
Everyone knows how happy Kiah makes me, thank you for being the biggest help during this &lt;3 I honestly owe you
Happy 21 first I love you
1. I don't believe current Lowry to Miami rumor. 2. Gaining Lowry but losing Bosh wouldn't make them better.
stop pretending like you actually like moscato
feel like satan wants my head on a stick this summer don't let my poppin Instagram fool you
Feel bad for Benzino losing his mom. Love and Hip hop Atlanta. RIP
Never both because you know.......then I would be happy.
Lmao, I Remember when I was tweaking at my graduation lol
If I put you in my 4k will you guys buy me food
.Listening to the original soundtrack w John Cameron Mitchell. So amazing! Love the Rock n'Roll bass line. Need to see soon!
Really bitch keep running your moulth to my friends and see how far that gets you because your in for a surprise.
I mean.... If you make a 24hr video and don't win. Kill yaself
Repetiremos un sabado cualquiera, nos hablaran las estrellas en cualquier lugar.
But I'd probably get fired if I didn't show or even requested off. Sucks, man.
only like 5 days until our mock trial team finds out if we're going to NYC for a week :x
I Dont Know Why I Came In This Club With You Girl
\"Is everyone up for some singing? Because we're gonna do some SINGIN'!\" - Are you singing along at home?
Life is once, take risks....not regrets!
I applied to 10 jobs can .. Brother get a interview tho
Michael Ealy don't gotta be that sexy.
Making my mama proud is the best thing
I'm very self destructive. I'll ruin something before it even begins
apparently it's let's be a giant bitch to your waitress day
em Finz follows me and un follows me once like every 3 months lol Jesus reptar relax.
really shouldn't be wearing a white shirt
Summer colds can eat a dick
Not a soccer freak but that was a good goal USA!
We can burn brighter than the sun
I'm tired of getting so mad
I guess I'm still surprised you did that to me either way.
someone deliver Claudia and I some Dairy Queen
PSA of the Day: I repeat right, ?
I honestly need to figure out where I put my phone case!!!
Sometimes being afraid can show more strength than being fearless.\n:)
I may have just found actual gold
Mirar, mirar.... I don't have time for your games.
How am I this broke already wow
It's a beautiful day but I'm almost ready to Carpe a little Nocturne if you know what I mean. Fuck it, got the day off tomorrow.
no three peat\n\nthis is beautiful
Great PK by these Costa Ricans so far.
But i guess you aint miss'n me
future said don't get too thirst but I'm not hearing it
What time does the new episode start?!
You know what the really awful thing is about confiding in some people? When they show their true colors, they attack right where it hurts
I'm figgity figgity fucked up !
You can't understand if you don't listen and if you don't listen to me OR the things coming out of your own mouth, I can't help you.
Trying to muster the interest to watch . but I . It's a curse.
Te acordaras de mi el resto de tu vida
Bow wow is no longer longer bow wow but shad moss as of June 29th. Ima still call him bow wow doe.
JK Rowling focused an entire book in her best selling children's series on racial prejudice and that fact is sorely under-appreciated
It's really tempting to chop off my hair Thursday.......
Why I just do what I did ?
14 year old thought I was 15... I'm about to be 20
The next party I'm dead ass gonna be half naked idc it be hot af
My parents are mad I got straight C's lol. I'm actually pretty proud because I was expecting a 2.6 &amp; ended up with a 3.17
Watching Bolt with the 2 year old and if this TV show he is in was real it would be the most expensive thing ever produced
I dislike the hear so much..I miss winter !!!
I don't want it, if it's that easy.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Rusev isn't looking at anything! His sight is seeing nothing!!! He's just unsight trash talking.
I feel basic w\/o eyeliner on
I don't follow any guidelines cause to many niggas ride mines so I change styles every two rhymes
Yay going home! I love you, grumpy check in lady! I love you, endless security line! I love you, amateur flyers! I love you, stuffy plane!
BRB going to stand outside Hobby Lobby and educate the crafters on Chinese sweatshops and the one-child policy.
Why people spell Nikka instead of Nigga?
Im ballin like im kobe \nI got plug wit the ref
Is anyone paying attention to the chaos going on the rest of the world lately.. Hope y'all is
Cam calling me? Lmfao in my dreams
Sydney James is a QT well sort of, ok ya
The things I would do just hear your voice again.
I wish I could tell you how I really feel but then again would you even care?
Happy fake id birthday to me!
I care about my friends more than myself
robin thicke looks like he joined the military and got deployed to Iraq
Bravo re Ed Woodward, you finally did something
i'm in tylers car while they put out a fire
This may be the BEST Mac n' Cheese I've ever had
My Q train has been suspended over Brooklyn bridge for 15 whole minutes. Did someone sui? Ffs
making another Gen video featuring U2 shenanigans :D. Meaty setups, unblockables, and char specific combos. This oughta be fun.
Isn't @ Midnight a bit of a rip-off of \"Bunk?\" Game show format, podium thingie. Bring \"Bunk\" back. Put on &amp; Wurster. Grrrr.
I feel that the way the people were acting in HP was to much! Shit you don't see people running around when the dodgers win a play off game
Steph is my bestfriend because she KNOWS I hate strawberries
Imagine playing in a world cup
I should've vined today's car ride, pedestrians beware lol
LOL auntie is trying to get everyone to eat more. \"Indulge! It's all about indulgence!\"
with a sneaky GOAL !!!! jones awesome goal!
waking up and seeing your name trending in London.... I don't even know how to react to that.
Good Morning and God Bless You!
All my answers are closed behind doors
I usually lose interest in things or people pretty fast....
I was just followed by a church in Phoenix, AZ. My life is strange at times.
I just face planted in front of everyone @ the mall. So smooth
currently tweeting from the only place w wifi in off Yosemite
Good news everyone- 1 month until my birthday!! :)
Alyssa's mom is the only reason I live
breakfeast with the bros
I can't wait for the USA vs Portugal game
this nigga niko said he seen it 5times lmfaoooo
So who wants the D? Lmao
me, with no makeup, a bleeding face, and a shower cap on my head...comes downstairs to all of my sisters friends...do I care? \n\nmm no
\"I'm a pessimist, meaning I'm bad at parties\"
Messi's just like \"you know I had to do it for ya\"
I'm just gonna ignore those Uggs.
Getting way too carried away at dollar tree
I was able to create an imaginary safety net shielding out the noise and distractions of a sometimes harsh and insensitive world
Ansel elgort vines make me drool
I would like Josh Hamilton to be in a play that I write someday.
Good morning nothing like starting the week seeing the is still alive and well.
\": I actually cannot believe we're graduating tomorrow\"
Wtf, I want to go to sleep. Why am I not tired.
all i see is on my tl, ugh
It's a regular show marathon
Yo USA on the board in under a minute. Lets go!!!!
Live it up till I'm dead. Ignorance in my head. Forger who ever you are. I do what floats my boat.
The person you said you can't live without is living without you right now and is fine
ATTENTION ROCHESTER PEOPLE!!: do you know of any good deals or companies to rent limos through? Help a sista out.
I say this because I have been sent dozens of Yo codes by journo friends today and I wonder when we stopped being skeptical.
Give em the ol razzle dazzle
Fasion fo pa at airport lounge. Older gentleman wearing pink shorts (tight), striped button down collared shirt and men's dress shoes.
ayo lemme get an extra water b ( voice )
Lmfaoo it's raining on prom night.......come on bruhh give them a break.
WHAT ABOUT NEAL AND GENO BROMANCE?!?!
If I stare at someone for too long they become ugly.
Ran 3 red lights today because it was hot and I couldn't stop because if I did the breeze would stop
And thats all folks!! Homework complete. 11:59 deadlines mean nothing to me. Sweg.
I've seen like 4 interviews with Landon Donovan where the first question is \"how does it feel to be off the World Cup roster?\"
Its a shame Jack is gonna freeze his balls off at the Gulag at the end of the season.
If I pick someone up, I need them outside before I get there or I spazz. I hate waiting tf.
That goal was so dirty omg
Fuck the law.
And tomorrow she's going on vacation and she was like \"I'll bring you home soap.\" Hahahahahahaha
I evenembarrass myself texting my best friend oh
My favorite part of soccer is when the players keep hitting the ball with their heads and it becomes volleyball.
Is it raining in paterson ?
No me quieres ya :(
I'm gonna walk out with a 74 and be done with my life because it's 1 point away
Happy July fourth. Sorry America but Colombia is playing Brasil today so for me it's a time to celebrate Colombia instead of the US.
I'm only watching this episode of top 100 players cause Dez Bryant on this episode.
I wanna get a job at Dunkin donuts Modells or stop and shop
Weezy go crazy ! lol
Assuming and predicting are two different things if you ask me
He gained a lot of weight last few years...
Glad I saw discovery and family perform tonight !
Do or die by 30 seconds to mars with Afrojack is like some song that would you hear in a movie or like a wedding after they kiss
Thank you for the shout out. Much appreciated :)
\"i have an academic crush on you\" week made
I have a mindblowing thought once per every non-sober night.
my grandma just asked me if I wanted to bring a jacket with me... no ma'am I dont think I do want to wear a jacket in this 81 degree weather
Hmm fuck life
Dont you hate when your \"so called friend\" says he cant hang out and you find out three hours later hes hanging out with someone else. I do
From 8 until 8 I think about you
and I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life
I just wanna go somewhere with my girls and forget about the world and all my worries .
In- fucking- credible
Just like my secret surrfing spot when I was little, home.
the summer ain't like how it use to be
~prays drake accidentally slides into my DMS on instagram in an emotional state~
mad, sunburnt, and mad about sunburn
My mom mad af for what like r u deadass right now?
I don't have my car so that means my Sis in law will not be straightening my hair for tomorrow :(
if I care about you, you gomma be set doee
Lets go to the park lay down and look at the stars
Being smothered with love is not a healthy relationship. Personal space, trust, &amp; affection is the perfect balance.
He was standing outside across the street and shouted \"Ryan, sit down Ryan\" as I opened the door to the car.
U get alot RT\": Ugly Ppl Get The Most Likes On IG\"
I'm FUCKING crying rn
needa get my females back up
Wow. I am really tired, considering I found another flaw in a different tweet.
This whole trading picks for coaches thing is hilarious to me.
So and are lying, arrogantly. What's doing about it? Nothing. Where's the prosecutor?
I haven eaten all day but I'm not hungry.
Lowkey scared to workout with Victor i feel like he would kill me haha
On the off chance we need to spend there... Does anyone know anything about VA?
\": I would like attention at all times, yes\"
I was wondering maybe, could I make you my baby
learned my lesson tho... woke up yesterday at 3am rdy to go.
cameron dallas needs to call me I want him to sooooooo baddddd *cameron dallas song tune*
I hate when people start to act different
of course keyshia cole , would be standing up.
I'm pretty sure everyone I know was in my fucked up dreams last night. Idk what the fuck is on my mind but it needs to calm down.
Quieres que te diga la verdad, ni que fueras mi celular para que me de miedo perderte!
I just sat on my bed .... It's so comfortable after this exhausting weekend
PNW pretty in pics but strangers yell at u in intersections 2 put ur seatbelt on
Honestly this is where Landon Donovan would make a difference
Just wish someone would text me ....
Hello outside world, finally got the wifi password!!!
I seriously had such a great night tn
Venice or Ibiza?
My weakness is that I care too much
Enjoyed karaoke after long time ;D
I told the young man, \"There is woman in Sudan in prison right now for the sake of Jesus. But over here we struggle to live holy.\"
I'm so bored I'm on the free section of craigslist
Nas brings out Jungle so now I am VERY curious what my wife's reaction will be if we get an Oochie Wally rendition
I feel bad for morello, even if she is psycho... She's so cute though I just wanna hug her
I'm the most alive person. I'm also the most calm person you will ever meet
Like be nice and happy and enjoy life
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING!! LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A smile that hides the pain within the heart soothes the hearts of those who behold it. So smile even through difficult times.
My dad has 7 gallons of ice cream in his freezer...
Never wanted someone out of my life so bad
WHATS WRONG HEAT? THE MIAMI COLD. SUCK ASSES LOL.
Messi goal !!!!!!
\": It's all coming \nback to me again\n\n(The Sadness)\n\nIt hits me in waves\n[Like the pain underneath\nthe bottom of my ribs]\"
I can't do shit when I'm hungry
What a SHOT!!!!!
JONES UNLEASH THE FUCKING KRAKEN!
If not for anything else, watch my reg day VidCon vlog for 's snarky commentary
This is the time of night where I just want wings
Take me away\nI wear my heart on my sleeve\nAlways let love take the lead
Just astounded by the ruling in the 'hobby lobby' case. I guess corporations ARE people.
Really just want to cry and crawl back in bed
Yooo these motha fuckas gon make me shave my beard !!!! Omfg
Really wanna sneak out tonight but my grandparents always be checking up on me and shit like wtf get your ass to bed I'm grown
im just s notch in your bed post but youre just a line in a song
\"Some people just need to give up their rap career. It ain't for everybody.\" -
Sometimes I forget how amazing Princess and the Frog is
Thinking about switching up the number this year
La boda will forever have me feeling like I'm Romeo
Yeah I'm off twitter for the day y'all gone kill me with these tweets.
You can ride my face until you dripping cum
Don't tell em - Jeremih &amp; YG
Ugh I was going to try to keep my raging liberal political opinions on twitter quiet on my honeymoon but alas they pull this crap
So they just gonna have a random dance scene in the club.
It's probably a good time to sleep, eh? :)
sleepin in the spare room\nthat used to be my bedroom
Catch me in your girl's DMs asking fir her asl.
The Chris Bosh guarantee...yeah not so good. \"Oh no, LeBron is gonna have mah legs broken\"
If my niggas don't fuck with you I don't fuck with you thats the code in my hood don't let these guns hit you
Oh shit fuck
calvin de haan just called me a stud and his homie
Never want senior week to end
Actually felt my hamstring rip as I watched that...
Just tried to kill a spider and it flew away to another part of my room....I repeat it FUCKING FLEW AWAY.Fuck this sleeping in my car
When Jesse McCartney is trending, it's either 2003 or a very slow night.
Is \"Contemporary Hotel Lobby\" a musical genre yet? I think it should be.
Tyrie suggests Carney flip-flopping is undermining credibilty, Carney responds by taking credit for the UK recovery.
Duda goes deep and the Mets are on board!
He needs to be okay... We need him this World Cup run!
Why do people always pick me to lose everything I want it's like I am set up to fail every time it's sucks so much
Tu la dans ton Pe-cli je l'ai en figurine
Keep the great beer flowing in Northern Iowa by helping Brewing Co. expand with their campaign.
I called that goal....Ghana looking pretty free right now
now i got myself to blame , why did i let you come in ?
Wow!! Smh RT : In the last 25 years, only 3 black women have been labeled People magazine's \"most beautiful woman of the year.\"
I feel like im going to throw up.
I really changed a lot
All the guys are waiting till a day before conference to get a haircut. Lol
Almost ripped the stitches out of my mouth screaming at this game
I need my tubby boyfriend to cuddle me to sleep rn or answer my texts either or lol
crackin me up!
Saw a guy riding a motorcycle in the pouring rain today while using one hand to try and cover his phone in his pocket
i wonder if kim kardashian has ever farted during sex .
I'm gonna miss the game tomorrow.:(
Well it was a good run boys, lebron can't do everything
Wondering how good my gas mileage would be if I didn't need to halt for a deer every 5 minutes in millstone
The heat would not be in the finals if Lebron had no help
Woo! Happy Birthday
I just met shawty tonight and we fuckiny
no te cele por estupideces..
A Nakatomi Plaza-esque event interrupts a very disappointing and awkward date. The pair have to work together to save the day
Dating naked is the reality show for me
Creo que hoy lo gana Francia, aunque en realidad no me importa, con que sea un juegazo
Living in Brooklyn makes you \"hood\" FL dudes a joke to me.
Frankie in his little pink swim trunks just won the first HOH challenge YAS!
Sitting in bed crying bc how hard I'm laughing
\"Much like the left-leaning, investigative bent of the magazine she edits, the co-editor of Mother Jones shares...\"
its been more than 24 hours with
I challenge everyone to make it through this movie on netflix
I can't wait to go to Miami &amp; Cali.
Dear thoughts, it's so late. Please leave my head so I can get some sleep.
When I finally get ready to sneak out and I set the alarm off &lt;&lt;
There go cooney trying to barging with the Applebee's waitress
Thinking ab going away for pride week. Not that I'm against the gays, I just use the Christopher st station, &amp; we all know what that means.
Fuck it Ill be the next Spider-Man
SOMOS EL EQUILIBRIO PERFECTO Y LO SABES QUE ES CIERTO
SUMMER KINDA STRESSES ME OUT BC I FEEL LIKE I HAVE TO BE DOING SOMETHING FUN AT ALL HOURS OR ELSE IM WASTING SUMMER
Kyle dropped his taco and is now crying in the back room
twitter keeps sending me annoying ass notifications
I'm having a blast in Santa Cruz buuut I miss my mommmaaaaa :'-(
gustavo wilder me pede umas coisa meio impossivel velho.
finally watching the new true blood episode.
JERMAAAAAINEEEEE JONESSSSSS !!!
Writing Mexico across my chest was all fun and games until I had to wear a scarf to dinner bc it won't wash off...
Gyal find weh mi live a New York!
Now I remember why I moved to Florida
I follow someone who hardly tweets but when he does it's so deep. lol
I love Seven Nation Army now!
My undies are on backwards that's how tired I am lol
he ain't right, but he's just right for me.
Red mango juices are so good
6996 we haven't talked in ages but you're still one if my favorite people
You're fake and I hope you get what's coming to you
School starts back up tomorrow and son of a bitch..
I guess watching the giants fall apart is almost as good since the didgers are blacked out!
Downloaded Thanks to 's tip \"from the airport it's quicker than the taxi line\" would agree, looking forward to trying it.
Who else has Christian louboutins for tomorrow night??? We gotta get a pic ;)
Shit is real serious around these parts!! Hahahaha
philly and later that night they went to mcdonalds and my little step brother who is 10 went into a stall and found bags of heroin and +
They never change they just get better at pretending
Can I please move out of this house someone take me in
I have 12 dollars idk what to spend it on
Bae \": It's Friday. Who's on your menu?\"
Lmao when I drink I think about one person and all I want to do is talk to them.
Im really excited for my date friday ^~^
So I hear that and are reviving their \"friendly\" rivalry today. Can't believe the haven't played a competitive match since 1986.
People worry way to much about other peoples life, like nigga go do you don't worry about any one else.
Maybe because its so off limits and out of my reach is why i want it so bad
Bricks is the new crucial slap for summer
I don't like contests I wrote an essay about Dinah and now its gonna mean nothing :\/
Maybe not a boyfriend just a shorty for them lonely nights lol better?
That vine i just retweeted is priceless
I dont know nobody who can cover for me !
If only Judy knew what we were writing about her tonight...
I prolly be using my gps to find my way back home
Bosnia lacks creativity and aren't dynamic at all. Based on that I think Nigeria has a real chance at advancing.
It's really comforting to be back home, almost forgot what having real friends felt like
I'm always a lot quieter when I watch TV alone BUT DO I CARE? NO.
Cultivating a healthy mind is just as important as cultivating a healthy body...
That frog annoys the shit out of me
What's a \"shmoney dance \"..?..I'm not in tune with shit
I think ima listen to ultraviolet and attempt to play cod
but i want a boy with with abs and nipples ; not a girl with boobs and cycles like me .
First check I get I'm paying back people I owe money then I'm off to vacation somewhere.
The Athletics beat the Mets, 8-5. Coco Crisp homered and went 3 for 5 in a winning effort.
All I want for my birthday is for someone to take me to the aquarium.
Ready for what twitter will say after Miami shows up finally tonight
Ready to blow a fuck ton on pins Friday
Bout to put the mitts on PomV real quick...
I think you should just be nice to everyone
Dor will be the only one ever to call me bubie
This shit hole doesn't get bet .
is my favorite to listen to and just reflect on life... I will never get tired of hearing it.
Straight waisted my damn time on doing shit like that for you .
People want so much from me but never do nothing for me smd im in this alone been like this since day one
That bitch a Whole Creep following my Older brother on Twitter
Shorty on my team now it's us against dem haters
You try to be different for just one time and get reminded why you should remain the way you are.
Knicks are on their way to major roster changes Jackson starting to get it done.
Ion date I rather pay for pussy niggas sideways like that Asian pussy
Maybe you should leave, it will probably solve all our problems
\": Kings, Gaborik agree on a seven-year contract extension.\"\n-- DYNASTY --
Having a hot guy work at the front desk next to the bikes is tortured motivation.. I cant quit I dont want him thinking I'm a bitch ya know
I love the Chandler for Calderon trade in more ways than I can count.
EVerytime you kiss me, it's like sunshine and whiskey
May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all
My room is really big lol.
When I eat bad my mom says I'm going to get fat, and when I start eating healthy she's concerned Im going to get too skinny
Like when they say \"I loved so and so very much.\" Well no! Because life ends but love doesn't.
HELL YEAH! USA GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!!
Alot A People Dieing Round Here
Yesterday I ate a burrito. Today I ate a slice of pizza covered in the contents of a burrito.
I definitely want to see Jersey Boys when it comes out
I often tell you, please shut the fuck up and you don't fucking listen!! Just shut the fuck up!!
Get in my belly!
Mexico ima and now a new damn this Monday is going good
Get up boy!
Brenda told her mom to get a Afro LOL DONE
Spurs keep it up.
It baffles me how you can knowingly or unknowingly be so GD inconsiderate and careless with other peoples time.
this has to be the best display of team basketball in finals history by the .
I needa roll sum'n up and go on a long drive.. scratch that. I needa roll two up and go on a longer drive..
Someone will prolly have to pay my bail tomorrow screw it
I was trying to like fix that shit opened the wires and everything
Anyone know Maddie Mermalls birthday? I need it for some cable bill shit. Lemme know
dont try to go back just bc you see them doing better
At the end of the day I'm in Cali and having a dope time so whose the real winner here
USA Goooaallllllll!!! 1 minute in!!
I wish I was home right now. We had the best turnups on the fourth
You deserved it Steph
Happy opening day -- two more days until we head out to join the festival fun!
I always mean what i say.
Why do you have to be so annoying thooo
There's Messi. Thought we lost him for the summer. Absolutely fucking sublime
Shout out to my boy for representing Smithtown East and holdin it down for team LI tonight in the boomer game
I burnt my finger today, &amp; it hurts so bad still!
No beer sales after 5??? Is this Connecticut or Puritan England
one thing I definitely did not miss is that hot ass gym
Really annoying how I have to clean my whole house bc my family's coming
\": I been on one lately\"
Are you scared of The Fall?
We're all fuckeddd up
America the brave, still fears what we don't know.
My man Leonardo Dicaprio at the game!
My hair has gotten so long and it's so fluffy
I can lay I bed all day and not care about anything
lmao she cant even figure out how to work an outlet n extension cord ctfu commeeeonnn nowww
Lebronze + 2-3 Finals record = no Jordan
Clint Dempsey I love you
All I need is a party....... a good. Ass. Party.
I'm soo hard right now
I really wanted to go but fuck it..
me voy a ir a dormir, no doy mas
I should study tonight but instead I'm going to half apps to eat good
Excited for New York pride
Time to watch lost all over again
I'm the last of a dying breed
Either you wanna be wit me or you don't
OMG! Go USA!
mc lyte is just.. oh my goodness yes please
I don't even like talking about my problems anymore...
\" Live in the moment\ndont get old, dont judge people because you cant be free if you judge people Love now! Create! Inspire!\"\n-Mathew Silver
Lmao ! Who is this Lizamariepolanco that you speak of my name is baby
If you want a time machine portal to see what life was like 100 years ago, watch an organized religion deal with dissent.
\": i'm loyal, but i ain't stupid either.\"
Thank you to hon don white, hon john chiang &amp; hon 4 greeting us for the 25th &amp; conf
Just noticed I didn't finish that tweet lmfao
If your a dude and you take a shirtless selfie your being judged
Xerxes in Persjer, youah up next, what's up Xerxes?
I expected today to b totally different but then again that's what happens when you have expectations
It's a melodica, not a harmonica.
you can't love someone you hate being around.\nyou can't trust someone who has lied to you.
Idk how to pop a squat. Gon cry
I don't want to be high anymore
my only talent is typing song lyrics on my phone as fast as the actual song
What the heat doing right now son
Holy cowwww!!! Front row for IF\/THEN. And I get to see the bae, ! I'm so ready!
Mercury is almost out of retrograde, time to get a move on!
\"It's not like normal sugar, it's complex sugar. It has underlying thoughts and feelings\"
Nigguhs try to tell you what they want but Nigguh rarely give you what you need.
1\/2 the reason I watch anime is for the animation. This is why I prefer dubs. I don't like my eyes being locked on the bottom of the screen.
Cute ka e, cute kana.
Me gusta saber la verdad aunque me duela
The American Flag emoji is really having a moment today.
like why try so long for a second chance then not do anything with it when you finally get it? tuh.
When the shit starts piling get a shovel
It's 85 degrees in our house. We have no power or running water. Should just burn it down.
Why must it all be so difficult?
LMAO HE GRAPHED A DICK USING 0's
I don't see what's so hard for people to just speak on shit they only have business with .... worry about yourself annoying ! Ta'e
My brother just threw out his bed and is sleeping on the floor. I really don't know
Parents really don't acknowledge change in their child.
I hope Italy keeps moving on!
Why why why do I always feel like shit
On the acela down to Washington for some Nats baseball the next 2 nights
I should fill in these blanks
Need a story for best mans speech SOS
Don't be a dum bitch and I won't violate you
i wanna get into painting this summer. maybe knitting too
's a reason why I shop at COSTCO, they pay fellow Americans a LIVING WAGE &amp; understand what makes this 2\/3 Service Economy works.
Niggahs come with the curve so I respect it
Hahahah ronaldo was just like \"ehh maybe i was offsides\" with that facial expression
Just ran into a kid I went to high school with on the train. Crazy.
Nash wake up I need you.
Lets gooooo!!!!! Dempsey!!!!!
Why'd Brian dub my shit like we're not gonna end up being friends in the future?? Like why bitch why
The new era, the unisex era smmfh
My beautiful dark twisted fantasy has me feeling
Aww like kaylees the only one awake ain't this some depressing shit
&amp; now it's raining. &amp; I'm at mcdonalds. My life is on a downward spiral.
Like do you not realize everything I do for you?
Oh my god they're doing a bunch of songs by fun. This...
I've really toned down my antics.
You block me from your life, I block you from my heart
It's almost 4 in the morning and I'm up watching American Horror Story....
I won't take your relationship serious if your \"mans\" locked up lol what
its like you copy and paste your messages
Bruh why did I punch the wall
Then when I got home this spark set my shirt on fire and I had to do the stop drop and roll
And those are my thoughts on niggaz for tonight lmao
I just watched a shit ton of anime. Catching up on six weeks worth of Toonami shows I missed.
Final week in the ROC. Time to get dark
I'm never sour, I'm just smoking something much louder.
up since 4am, in a Mountain View hotel bedroom about to chair the monthly PC call with folk back home in the UK.
I wonder where my dad left to
Someone pls come hang with me at the tattoo store.
Can it just be pick number 30 already
Crying with gianna our life fucking sucks
Lavy and Neal chillin hard 2gether
Stop the bleeding plz
Am I the only one that actually hates soccer?
At automotive technology event at Computer History Museum
\"These hoes dont want him no more, he's cold product\"
It's all good
Now I'm curious to noe how this nikka look like thanks to P lol
Is it just me or do you think if Ke$ha rapped, she would sound just like iggy azalea
This guy needs a beer
I have to be up in 4 hours anyway
The prediction is still alive. From before the tournament. Germany vs Argentina final.
I love strangers that are so gosh darn nice.
Christopher Walken in a marathon? Call that Christopher Runnin'
Sometimes I feel I've got to *tap tap* run away I've got to *tap tap* get away from the pain
I've been listening to the same jason derul o song for an hr bc my music just disappeared
Me tiene nerviosa y de mal humor .
His exact words were \"you look mean as hell\" so it could go both ways you know
When a person you don't like, like your instagram picture? Tf is wrong with you! Are you stupid?
Really wishing I had money in itunes rn
When u finally get what u think u wanted. U realize u don't want it. U just thought u could use it.
new 650i coming soon or cls63
Me and had wayyyy too much fun last night LOL
It's Nina birthday in an hour and 17 min
I will never understand why our huge clients are so much easier to work with than our small ones.
\": what bitch? I'm single as fuck bro\" cuz ur an fagit
One minute up one minute passed out
It's hard to find friends who treat you with the decency and respect that you deserve nowadays
\": \"Ang hirap tumangi sa salitang \"Uy favor naman oh.\" ng crush mo. Aminin mo\" \"
Everyone's competing for the love they won't receive
The spurs have shown it. Good job guys, hopefully I ain't speaking to soon
I finally don't need to google Tyler Hoechlin to be able to see him
OMG MY LEGS ARE SMOOTH FEEL THEM
I wear my heart up on my sleeve and I bleed for you
those sending me tweets to purchase followers, \"STOP\"! My insight is my contribution to better &amp; uplift America COLLECTIVELY.
I may fall asleep at this graduation
You're lookin so fine with ya beer in the headlights
I want a big greasy juicy cheeseburger rn
FFS Bochy, fucking Arias now????
If mermaids were latinas \nthere would be a lot of boats in the ocean\nwith no sailors on board.
Sometimes what you have been looking for has been in front of you the whole time
GOOAALLLLLLLL FUCK YESS LETS GO
Question of the day: is alive this morning????
I still can't believe you're gone. what the fuck :(
We all had those nights that we will never talk about again, but will never forget, \n\nHELLO New York City !
You don't know how living in NY fucks with us spiritually.
How you get paid fri broke by mon
Bottles up-bottoms up, happy Fourth of July
Wht da f everybody on sayin even da host
I may be the first person to ever drunk Instagram... Wow.
Celebrated 9 years of marriage tonight by NOT waiting 90+ mins at TRATA for a table. Pane Vino hit dinner out of the park!
I was expecting a goal too early...
Feeling Beautiful .. Feeling sexy seems like an ancient emotion.
That moment when the dj (my bestfriend ) puts The World Is Ours and I'm the only one singing and dancing. it's your fault! Lol
The Notorious B.I.G. was known for his superior dental hygiene
Welcome to the New York Islanders, Michael Dal Cole!
OMG - reading at union sq Barnes and noble - Joan is marrying 2 men!
Hey you should come see me
playing a game that would be great if it had no combat
All three of my dogs ran onto the screen door in a row but my dog just took down the whole door
My stomach is so hungry but my jaw is like no bitch close your mouth I'm not gunna chew shit
ive heard it and had it on repeat for the last 2 hours...i think my mom wants to kill me right now
3 out of my 7 boys that came to the Yankee game got kicked out...and it's only top of the 4th
ridiculous someone would schedule a show the same night as the BET Awards
Hate people that act one way around you but different around other people .
Cracking bloody goal!!!!
5 years ago today RIP to the greatest to ever do it
proud @ katie for retweeting all my proud @ tweets and for getting me flowers
One night I'm in Sj &amp; it ain't poppin
Don't think ima make it to work today..
I may die when I'm like 5 feet away from
United Fuckin States baby
Glad that the Spurs are leading
im just kidding guys... im not an asshole
Smoked a cigarette with Rene at the hotel before we left... last one I'm gonna have with my brother for 3 months
doesn't relate to me anymore but true wit out the crying lol
I have a 7 year old wow time flys
Hella tired and I gotta get up at 6
You need no defense against Greece cause they'll fuck their chances of scoring a goal by themselves.
Haciendolo muy lento, en mi habitacion
American bar goes wild. Check my snapchat.\nGoldenballs-7.\n\nSCENES
Keep a 30 on my side like I play wit stephen curry
Listening to \"this must be the place\" rn with all my clothes on
E Bosno moja ..
Hey congrats on the constant mediocrity. Most of America will forget this year's performance in a week...
-so you can keep me indeed the pocket of your ripped jeans..
the world cup has reminded me to appreciate South American culture\/women .
Lololol what an interesting life I lead.
Malificent. A rape victim gains back her dignity and swears to never let her rapists' past crimes affect her relationship with her daughter
Went to go watch one of my shows. Took a two hour nap
Don't be that should've ,would've ,could've person..
Thank fucking god !
I see people getting older, but they never grow up .
On my break with my fellow Muricans, watching Murica in the World (Murica) Cup
First holiday off in a year and it's raining..
Trying to convince Janey to give the cute boys at school my snapchat
Taking a hot shower when you have sunburn is beyond hell
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL USA USA USA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why is there nothing to do in this town apart from get foo or get drunk
People who think that once you're in bed with them you have to do whatever they want are the literal worst. No one has the right to do that.
El oh el
Her eyes make the stars look like they're not shining.
The heat just gave up. Wtf?
Over emotional people make me uncomfortable lmao
That was badass !! Gooooal USA!
If someone really wanted to talk to you they would.
Like why are you so friendly ? For what ? Ok
Van Persie I forgot that dude was even playing hahaha
Idk about any of you but I tweet everything...the only tweets in my drafts are duplicates and other tweets that wouldn't send
I want to have my cake and eat it to but
PLS FIND THE NEAREST CLIFF AND JUMP
I be lying about schools and ish lol I only wanna go to Bakersfield high that's it
Jko students is there school tomorrow to pick up the report cards
These two jobs are gonna kill me
I'm praying fifty times before I take this test
ima run to her and lie right to her face..
I need to clear my head
Demo day season continues. Today
Unless like, my mum lets me have a weekend long sleepover thing HAHAHA
Just walking sober through pride to work makes me feel like I should bathe before clocking iN it is a literal slum
I NEED to go get a pedicure this week
I appreciate the fact that my mom wakes up every morning to make my dad his cup of coffee without him asking her to
For the love of god make him stop
The whole time I'm there it feels like a punch in the stomach all day.
Everything i tweet i spell wrong
I was gonna try and work a double today but these hoes trying me. So at 4pm I'm out!
Popovich not even interviewed. Good job ESPN.
Follower by a panic attack lul
Life is really so simple, we just make it complicated
My name is Chanel and im addicted to sniffing crack .
Soooooo Fukin happppy !! I found my fav shirt
Anyone else's mouth feels weird when they eat pineapple ? ? ?
My mommys so good to me taking care of my little pregnant ass lol..but she knows she only getting one grand baby out of me. One and I'm done
This town is lame this summer
holy shit that goal was crazy... I'm the only one going for Portugal and all the people in my house scream for that goal
Ppl who act like the shit on the internet but really are a piece of shit in person lol, why do it to yourself?
I'm gonna miss Handel he's taught me so much about life like how not to be a square and what's cool and what's not
Me im just proud of the fact that youve done it your way
Jacob can quickly make me the saddest and happiest person alive ... but right now im sad and mad
Ehhhh. RT : Air bending &gt;
What's the point of having an appointment if I still gotta to wait
Ronaldo is def injured
You would think he would have some better looking calves since he has a high heels fetish.
I'm tryna go outside already
125 million people watched the last Super Bowl, 1 billion people watched the Spain v Netherlands World Cup final in 2010
I need a 2 DVD's of both of Timmy's no hitters asap.
Quote this with your blood alcohol level right now
Sometime in April I lost all my financial documents
Idk why I still try, as long as I'm here I'll be alone
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way you at times speak to yourself, how long would you allow that person to be your friend?
Not 5, not 6, not 7
\"Is there a score?\" I'm sorry, sir, but what the hell kind of question is that?
Switched at birth comes in tonight..!!!
alexa cantando funk no twitter nao acredito
I miss Kristan when I'm at work
Shes beautiful, what should I do, put Nutella on her ?
I guess people just smoke pot inside bars now.
El negrito y la blanquita se aprendieron a querer.
If you tell me I'm wrong I don't want to be right
I'm tryna eat pizza with somebody and watch a movie
Looking slow for nappers..too sus
Ignorant Muslims make the REAL Muslims look bad.
does anyone know how i can get to mohegan sun for a concert? like the easiest way possible?
How do I say it ?
Like fuck all I ever did was show up and joke around
Growing up without a daddy only made shit harder
IM SO MAD I LOST MY FKN FAVORITE NECKLACE
At that point of no return. Officially starting to eat better and workout more often.
Why is it raining? Why am I off? Why does it always rain when I'm off?
I FOUND A 20 dollar BILL IN MY POCKET
This family is the best thing that has ever happened to me
All of the Greek players look like Disney villains
This Chinese man is making me feel really uncomfortable at turning stone
My eye bags are so ugly
Drove all the way to Staten Island to come home with a loss.. Happy Father's Day, Dad lol...
Woah. Teddy Roosevelt is at the game?
Vegas was so dope. Can't wait to go back with the bros.
My young son is slaying girls in Rhode Island killem
I love you more than kayne love kayne
Once Your with my i Guarantee There's Nothing Better.
Certain men will act a certain way whether they're married or not. Marriage isn't anything more than a piece of paper we hold value to
I'm in so much pain rn and I have graduation practice in an hour idek what to do at this point
I love that my mom is a sign language interpreter! It's so much fun learning
\": She fell for you and all you did was cross your arms. \"
Step your game up or stay the fuck at home
Our brain and rhythm, how to synchronize...
i don't even have the energy to be fake today
Transformers tonight is about to be fantastic.
Forget your girl she go keep hatin
Once they make an app that tells you who muted you im so screwed
So the next day he stands next to me chewing gum hard so i asked if he had gum and he did and he was like \" you see im not fake \"
Yeah I mean you already wrote for us, damn nigga what's one more quote for us?
No bs tho lol or I ain't watching this shit
And I'll be out of here at 7 I'm perfectly fine with all that
First year in a long time that I've been able to spend both Mother's and Father's Days with the appropriate parent.
Love is cursed by monogamy
I going to ... Anyone else?
Social media has ruined everything there is when it comes to having relationships &amp; friendships. Can we all just go back to AOL?
School went great today and work too ahh loving life!
Really annoyed with your dumb ass.
It doesn't really matter if I fail tomorrow cause my major doesn't give two fucks about math. Then again, ill probably change it a lot Lol
Now that I think about it mr. Allen definitely always knew when I was stoned in class and always humored me
Holy Grail by Jay-Z and Justin Timberlake is such a perfect song
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear of dying without having laughed at all.\n\n--Jean de La Bruyere
Now I have to listen to music on my phone
KeKe got her cat out! Wth
Too many bitches act like Facebook is playboy magazine
I love my perks!
Demoseeyyyyyyy - are you kidding me?
Giants fans are trying to start the wave in nosebleeds. For those who abuse the word torture, THIS is torture. (Ahem, )
Talk about leaving it all on the court!
Although we're still laying over in JFK from St. Lucia, onto dreaming about a adventure in a couple weeks. Bring it!
Just got from the city and have to be up at 4:45 to drive to the airport but first lemme play some Mario Kart!
You'd think it's about America but nahh
Why are we bike riding in the city right now omg
We have a certain number of days, some less than others. They shouldn't be spent with, or talking to anyone that makes you feel less than.
I csn not do this hospital stuff, it really freaks me out
Super excited for\nbrunch date tomorrow with at !!!
Too drunk to fall asleep someone helllllppp sos
This is my awkward \"are you here for church oh no you're not I guess but I still want to be friendly\" smile.
People are so immature these days.
That was a sick shot
What is the point omg why are we here if we just die
Anything you can do, an eleven year old Asian girl can do better.
\": I love them big booty girls with the long hair!\"
Niggas shot at me and missed? Ooh know The Lord blessed em
Susana just got locked in a movie theatre bathroom so I had to get the manager to get her out
Somebody take me to the store
Hol up hol up hol up 8*
tenho q fechar o portao ainda porraaaa
Love sleepin in on the weekends
Need new heels for Hamptons next weekend - options are 6\" hooker look, or cheap and tacky trollop - guess my Havianas are making their debut
Highed up thinkin bout the best move next
Can anyone confirm that I just saw Chris Brown on water street in Dumbo???
I aint gonna trip off a weak ass man
Una reunion muy provechosa con Hackers &amp; Founders , con para innovar y crear startup en el mundo. Great!
Watching big brother and knowing would have been the star...
Let's not put Ambrose in the match and waste the best wrestler from the sheild split
Test 4. Does this pop up? If not, does it exist?
DAMN 30 SECONDS AND FIRST GOAL!
I demand passion pit back in the bay this summer.
I've never gone to bed so fast in my life hahaha I literally hit the pillow last night and was out...I woke up with my light and slippers on
We should have a lineman 7 on 7 too!!!!!!!
In the long run it's better off like this
Who wears a fucking beanie to the beach
My mom just told me to take my fries out of the trash when I told her I was hungry thanks dena
Old people are a pain in the ass
I do this to myself
all plans cancelled thanks mother nature you bitch
I dnt got the time lol
I need friends so feel free to enter my dms so we can be friends
This girls boyfriends mom just called her fat lmao
It's 5am and I can't sleep so I just watched a video of a dog eating corn on the cob. Fuck you, internet.
Ohhhhh word I'm a dirtbag! Turnup
Girl just wants some sushi or any kind of food at this point
I just don't see how someone can be so fucking selfish
i don't need answers to my problems, I just need someone to listen to me sometimes.
bruh I really don't have any swimming trunks
Jack needed to add two snaps and a circle. Get in the car and let me do what I know how to do. BOOM!
All the pain that you feel you can tell that we ain't making no love, but I'll pretend oh girl I'll pretent
August Alsina - Nobody Knows. ..\n\nMan this song is everything
The emotion and feelings that pour out of your body when you're truly singing things that mean something personal to you
1001 - I love how even if we don't talk everyday we're still close &amp; how I can literally talk to you about anything.I'm always here for you.
US and A!
Today I spent $30 on junk food. I hate myself lol.
\": Id take the pill from limitless\" nahhh the after math is not worth it ctfu niggas were cracked out over that shit lmao
Now they're saying Lebron to the clippers. What the fuck lol
This teen wolf army is AMAZEBALLS
sometimes you're just a lawnmower breaking the through the atmosphere on your way back to your home planet
LOL well they just knocked our other striker out
Hopefully tomorrow gives a good teaser of moe down to come later this summer
Why the fuck outback charging us for water
Every time a pigeon flys over me I'm praying it doesn't take a shit on me
Ballin like sports drinking leanorade
Lol I love how everyone assumes shits about them. But I mean if the shoe fits wear it
JUST got to work and already want to leave.
there is a talenti cart at bryant park so u can check that off my bucket list
i will never give up on a person.
Dear god, we have an excellent keeper
Took me min lil got a haircut &amp; some sass!! ~Love it! 10 min in, what knucklehead named this show?!
Hoping our lottery luck continues
Last RT is why it's worth it to collect cards.
HOW IS NO ONE TWEETING ABOUT RIGHT NOW WAT WAT WAT.
Pienso y luego se me para, digo; existo.
Jens took a ball to the throat today for the kids
Damn the spurs embarrassed the heat.. That's just.. Wow.
English motherfucker do you speak it
It's not about what I want cause that doesn't matter
Is there really not a simple way to make the tweets go in the other direction? Like so they can be read from top to bottom?
Now @ Toby Keiths bar, cow girl boots everywhere... Very nice!!!!
Thats what i get for always trying to be nice
So painfully bored
I need to be tan rn
Im employed ,a college student and learning how to drive......\nI feel so grown up
I seriously never thought I'd say this: That was better than \"I'm gonna need a hacksaw.\"
How is it possible that I've been watching PS I love you for 30 min and I'm already crying...
On the other hand my moms just told me that she's been talking to someone for a minute...
PLS BE MORE HOT BOYS WHEN I HOPEFULLY GO THERE
Ok so Orange Is The New Black might be my next show to get into to!
IM HAVING A MENTAL BREAKDOWN RN
Probably one of thee best days ever.
Not ready to go back to work. This weather makes me want to just stay at home.
Buying a ticket then selling it . Sucks but had to.
I'm angry and very disappointed but hey what I can do about it? Spurs have been more consistent and efficient.
Can any girls play softball tomorrow at 6pm at Eisenhower?
Such a great day with great people
I can hear maddy breathing from across the room
Happy birthday to the kid I once really really hated but now consider one of my good friends
Considering getting up and going for a run right now
i wish i could have a hunger games of my friends to decide where i should live next or stay here
I don't want to leave but you're not doing anything that makes me want to stay.
It's always that one person that think they know what they talking about
should this be the last thing i see, i want you to know it's enough for me
I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you.
Favoriting a tweet by accident is like getting walked in on during sex
I should not be trusted with my phone drunk :p lol
They are just letting those in and I just heard ESPN say \"the quality is superb.\"
On my journey to become better!
Ever have that moment that u know you shouldnt move from your bed cause its the best moment ull have for the day?!?!
I'm all against having my time wasted
After body shots, spin the bottle or something?
Someone help me Meghan has way too much energy rn
Ore got me second doubting everything
ok the office has adopted me for the day and they're playing Beach House so thats ideal
WERE GONNA DIE LIKE THIS YOU KNOW, MISERABLE AND OLD
| Free weed free weed, free pills, shit hollow don't do deals |
Go spurs!!! Win the championship!!!
\/\/En su estilo lo veras -Le folla la mente-
7am alarm clock set. Another long day tomorrow. But gotta love my job
Yay get to c my love in a few
i have the biggest crush on Betances i dont even care
So who's comin to the beach Wednesday ?
Terry Richardson &amp; I just crossed paths. Happy birthday to me?
From high school I learned that the saying, \"chicks before dicks,\" is simply just a saying. &amp; it has no relevance to most females.
all I ever wanna do anymore is sleep
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same
I can't lie a lot of these Korra plot points are really cut and paste but I'm having FUN okay?!
Nap or go get trash bags worth of my shit?
Okay, New York - best bagels near Central Park...? Fill in the blank.
People you do the most for need appreciate you.
looking at people's best friends on snapchat truly tells a lot about them
It's been awhile since I posted a blog entry. What to write, what to write .. .
Just when you think you're having a good day: FEELINGS.
Shaved Ice + Lean &gt;&gt;&gt; Shaved Ice + Regular flavor
\"no puedes escribir un nuevo capitulo en tu vida si no dejas de leer el anterior\"
But it's time to face the truth. I will never be with you.
none of the examples he made us memorize helped bc they were a whole complete different thing
Why is your face on my TL pls khtefe
Completly done w life ha bye
She bull shiddin on the mic
Ja kad odgledam Adilov spot meni poraste inspiracija za tvitove.
Made my lunch for tomorrow, put it in a bento box, and picked out my work clothes. At least my lunch and outfit will be cute
And I'm not even watching the awards y'all killing me with these pictures
it's the worst closing for work, &amp; then opening the next morning
Heat give up. That's it.
Proper planning prevents poor patriotic parties. Plan to pick up these provisions for your Independence Day party.
there are soooo many cars parked on my street. holy shit.
I heard it's the softest thing ever
I'm jacked and tan and you know it
I should be doing my essay but guess has some nice dresses that i need to have
Hate myself when I log into fb and see all the ugly creatures that come from chenango county
You just a savage. Your opinion is invalid RT : Everyone is someones leftovers, cant let that shit stop you
my parents go to mortons religiously yet we've never been there, i dont even know why thats necessary
Does anyone else get frustrated with when U type the address &amp; have 2 press start a million X just for it 2 tell U where to go?
Myriad of plans and I'm sitting home dying
You Gotta Love \"Ultimate Vs 3\".
Haven't had a live music happiness hangover in a long time. Feeling goooood today.
Bro this guy who just sang in Americas got Talent can sing omg
Over trying to make plans with people.. Who cares anyways
You'll always be in my heart.
I think a lot, but I don't say much.
Boye was 14 in the air
If we date just know that whenever you wanna cuddle like that's totally fine with me I'll provide the blanket and the kisses
Sharapova and Dimitrov need to practice second serves together
Hes a hillbilly nigga MOVE ON
Remember in AC when Dan slept under the air mattress
Best part of that goal though was ' soulful embrace with a RANDO AT THIS CRACK DEN BAR.
Seriously? the can score a but not
Looks like I'm gonna need to go into the Apple store again tomorrow since my computer shut off AGAIN UGH I HATE LITERALLY EVERYTHING
\"How do you know the difference between a swiffer and a swiffer wet jet?\"
\": So hard to stay mad at a girl wit good vagina\"
Another day, another dollar at TGI's
My parents are buying a new truck and they just bought a new SUV but they tell me I need to buy my own oreos because they need to save money
I feel that I'm to old to be beating around the bush with these females! If I just want to fuck I would bluntly tell you!
Someday this pain will end
If you're a comic book person in New York, the play \"King Kirby\" is worth catching. Bit hagiographic but still.
My girl looks better than yours
Spending the evening at with . I feel like I am cheating on .
portugal is just and the us is
If I get anything above a 64.99 ill cream my pants
and now I'm ready for bed with my love.
Me + you, ill take that number.
Why are you at the gym in a cardigan and flip flops just wondering
this is actually me right now
petition to change the meaning of hoe to a girl who plays with guys emotions.
Hey guess what I'm stoned so enjoy all the RTs!
Sigh it hate Mother Nature
Number 2 on Cameroon has hair game for days!
Cuarnto amo a mis padres!!! sin ellos no hubiera logrado nada de lo que so hoy...
Be a good baby do what I want.
First day of training about to start
IM SO HOT MY NETFLIX ACCOUNT AINT WORKING
THE PEOPLE are a nucleus of COLLECTIVE that will SURVIVE, GROW &amp; ADVANCE TOGETHER! the sooner some realise that HATE &amp; FEAR is MUTED.
Holy $hi$ ! Doing Tide commercials now? Way to go!!
You know I'm not the one to break promises ...
Every night i say i wont do this shit from tomorrow on.And i am a man of my wrds bcz i dont do any shit nxt day which also includes study :(
Oh come on, even I haven't watched Enterprise. This kid is just a masochist
I've waited for this day since the first day of school
what a start though
if you got a girlfriend on thanksgiving cool, if you got one today :\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
Ok he flopped lol
\"Talking to my self... Buy I never listen\"
I'm laughing way too hard rn
Why couldn't I be born into the kardashian family. Probably could've had a range rover by now
I'm so disrespected when I voiced opinion
Well, the Tampa Bay Rays just arrived at my hotel. The joy of being in NYC...but awkward. Not wanting to bug anyone for autographs.
CMC vs. Made\/Bingo's All-Stars up next!
kerry washington. Queen of bounce back.
LT: Concerts in the are an epic experience. Something about that South Beach way of life. (CC: )
Cousin: \"But does she got a booty. \"\n*5sec later* \nCousin: \"she got a booty\"
a cool thing about tonight is that there is either an overactive parking garage exit klaxon or a bank robbery and i can hear it all
Every guy treats me like shit &amp; I'm sick of it
You cut me open and I keep bleeding loooooveeee lol
My brother is so annoying
Extremely Hard To Accept, But What Can I Do?
Just for spite and until they change their name, I say we also boycott \"Five Guys\"
\"Age doesn't matter unless you're a cheese\"
Shits crazy lol all ya do is try and get somebody to join your \"team\" and make them sign people up for nothing
Does ab souls album really drop tomorrow ?
We got kick out of the house ...
Watching the Purge, this movie is soo stupid....
I'm glad you flatter yourself and classify us as \" was talking\" relax sweetie your not even on that level .
Jus so y'all know..this the last time we'll see the \"Big Three\" together.
swing my way let me take you somewhere that I'm headed, baby you can play
Miami took basketball 101 class tonight!!!
Perfect time for a punching bag
Back on that iphone 4 flow
I won't believe in love until Zac and Vanessa get back together
I can not wait till I move out like bye hate you all
I can't stand when ppl don't follow through with their words
me and paul have been friends for some time. he hasn't seen me
She gotta Fat pussy still working out tho
It smells like vomit. Yuck.
You don't always have to wear a bikini to the beach ok bOYS LIKE WHO DO U THINK U R QUESTIONING GIRLS\/MY OUTFIT
I did it all for you
lol fav if u had a shitty stepdad
Seriously someone please pick me up I'm at union landing
its looking like 4\/20 today fr
It is a nervous happy.
NFS I used to be swagless. I dead had to stupid fashion ... Or should I just say Yeezy Taught me ?
yo te re doy me dice el chaboncito jajajaa que manera de querer levantar una chica eh jajaja que pajero XD
YEAH GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL !
Mica stay tryna front on me
What you are looking for is looking for you.
The fact that I get to sleep in 8 hours over joys me!
This week has been Fucking awful
These refs wanna play so bad !!
You're the first I tell anything to.
I kind of want to just to eat vermicelli noodles forever
Last time made the postseason i was in 1st grade lol
Watching Avengers again and it still gets to me when Agent Coulson goes. Even after a season of
Adrienne Bailonne has changed since she used to be in the Disney channel on Cheetah Girls. I dont like her now on the carpet
Ready to be home and in my bed.
Me this morning: ::Alarm:: ::hit reset:: \"6am, time to get up\" ::pass out:: ::wake up startled:: \"6:45, holy crap! now I am running late!\"
If I text ya back it's a pretty big deal, but don't expect it to happen often
Am I childish for wishing that superpowers were real?
Yes.. Glad the Spurs finally beat the dumbass heats.. Never like LeBron James.. Wade is cool though
I think I'ma K'O, fuck this.
Some bitches need to learn where tf they truly belong.
Andre Maur seemed down today. I had my mom call him. He's a great friend and I pray he is feeling better. He is such a good man. Love him..
All I wanna do is adventure
Where? RT : Does anyone know what time the fireworks start?
Me alegra haber visto varios partidos de un mundial y uno de argentina
I don't wanna loose any of you but I think I already have..
Plans for this weekend, not to b able to remember what I did thus weekend, I plan on being GONE!!
Nervous for my big date (first episode of the first season of Law &amp; Order.)
I wish you were like that. But i mean nobody is perfect.
I got two hands, one beating heart &amp; I'll be alright, I'm gonna be alright
The dream is still alive for everybody to advance if and draw this match.
Going to see with my bro and my boy at Central Park on Wednesday
I'll be thinking about you as I order my 4 Taco Bell Doritos nacho cheese tacos
Approximately 80% of the pictures on my Instagram feed make me think \"who the hell took that picture?\"
Tyrann in the game lol
I'm so slumped right now it's outrageous I need sleep
Goodness gracious, I can't seem to stop calling it off just to keep crawling to your arms.
Happy birthday to my beautiful mom and happy 4th to all of America!! :)
aw I'm happy for costa
Love being up this late with a final tomorrow
yo clint really sliced him with that move. ayo when yall gonna teach me that move
\": \"Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.\" \"
que rico mucha creepy demaciada !
\": you a hoe if you follow me\" *Unfollows*
Y hace persona tampoco ni tanto.
Can't wait for Germany vs Portugal tomorrow and also USA vs Ghana. .
Shout out to the fam coming to making it feel like home
He's real and just as perfect as you could ever imagine
Why is chemistry so hard? or am i just an idiot? i'd take trimble 29 times again before chem
I love dance
Girl you're 5'3\" and your boyfriends an inch taller than you
No more subs i gotta stop
I'm only turning 17 for senior year, everyone else will be 18 :(
Am I weird for wanting to start classes?
Y am I not in manhattan at the park drinking a cappuccino by the fire
Posting random dream matches for O'Ryan James.
My set was super fun. That place always has a great energy.
Going to ride dirt bikes on the streets tomorrow
That awesome moment when calls towards the end of dinner and it's like he's here!
Nearly got though my first day at camp
\": On my way to X Factor auditions. 4th day. Some very strange people have turned up.\" The other judges?
I'm not a violent person, but I'm going to severely hurt reed
But when Nani's with Manchester he's cool lol.
John Travolta is a hell of an actor
Baby take your time we don't need to rush
My brother sent an embarrassing video of me to his friends and they're probably all making fun of me in group chat
I clearly can't talk and type at the same time lmao
Words can not describe how done I am with everything right now
\": . Fb ?\" Nope none uh dat haha
I suggest you do the same my nigga. Well you probably already did
Hey \n\nIf I find an indian man selling beanies.\n\nWith strawberries on it.\n\nOr vaginas or something.\n\nI'm sending it to ya.
the ghost that follows me just scared the shittt outta my friends
I believe that we will win I believe that we will win I believe that we will win I believe that we will win USA USA USA
Hit me of you're going to Pride
I'm still finessin like I'm Timmy Duncan
my mom told my sister if she has another abortion god will punish her im just so sad that even my mother will scare her
Goes to Mexico for a week, gets tan. Goes to the jersey shore for 2 hours, lobster.
*pops melatonin while clocking out of work*
Honestly why doesn't autocorrect understand me
Yes, just like everything else, this country has good and bad. If people want to tweet about the bad, well so be it.
Okaay .. So poetic and I have no idea what it means .
It's so fucking hotttt
Bump to music when I'm upset
I hate how i transfered schools and now i have noooo friends.. No one to hangout with
Isaac is the only one who will remember that tweet from last summer
Yasssss USA goal!!!!! Ily Jones!
I can loose trust in you &amp; still be cool, but I wont look at you the same
goddamn it PS3 installs take forever
Soccer game was serious today.. Great time
let's just all tweet some lyrics
Can tweet but not answer my message cool.
And I couldn't have been born into a Korean Gangster family because...?
KAYLA JUST CAME BARGING IN MY ROOM BLASTING AMNESIA THIS ISN'T OKAY IM
Still on the first trimester of Spanish.
Red, White, and Better Than You.
The fun starts tomorrow night and ends on Sunday. SO ready for this weekend
Frank Lloyd Wright is forever one of my favorite architects.
5:00 am strolls towards the Barclays Center makes me feel that no one else is awake
Finalmente despues de 70 minutos aparecio Mensi
NOT EVEN A MINUTE
MAKKAJAKAHDKB WITHOUT YOU IM A LOST BOY
I can't do minimum wage or anything less than 12.
Why do I have to wake up being me
I could stay on the phone with Kylie forever.
I'm starting to like white girls again lol
The fact that's Sky's mom is going to meet Obama..
Few things suck more than 3 hour flight delays.
Cut myself with thinning shears today. Like a genius.
Mr. jones got a rocket!!!
Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we bestfriends? Are we something?
To all you graduates going to suffolk dont worry it is as bad as you heard
Till my cardiac arrest me and my 40 ounce is empty
Pretty sure I can hear a Giants game from my hotel room.
Lol wait a min did I really almost get fired. ..???
Modern family is the funnies show. It never gets old
rockin' Micky Mouse bandaids over my nips right now rather than wearing a bra
And now i have to do all the work.
Summerset Special appearances tonight: FlatBush Zombiez,, ASAP Nast, ASAP Ty beats, ASAP Any,ASAP Ferg, ASAP Rocky, Action Bronxon, Ab-Soul.
Why does everyone wear irrelevant ass keychains on their pants?
If you're not willing to take a risk, then you don't want it bad enough.
Didn't get the memo that we were all dressing nice oops I look like a bum
4 people all just sent me a snapchat saying the same thing
Surrounded by German supporters in my house. Mein Gott
Alexander McQueen was a genius child.
23:08 KJ6HOT (adam) on W6\/CT-054 (Bertha Peak, 2500m, 8pt) 14.3425 ssb: Existing QSO on this frequency [K0LAF]
Owww. . .Clint Dempsey. Even my nose hurts. :'(
This ref is prolly american
never gonna grow up, never gonna slow down.
DON'T GIVE NANI SPACE FFS.
MIAMI CAN'T LOSE YET
Lol T.I. said \"let me make this formal with a hoodie and wrap it up like a sweater \"
I hate when twitter says hmm couldn't send your tweet. Why fucking not
Too many highs and lows
The sun came out in Commack!!!!!!
Made it home in time to watch the draft. Can't wait to see who pick
Im crying man we going to the quarterfinals
Anyone wanna do something I'm not trying to wait around for anyone
At times like this, who is there to turn to?
She doesn't even look like this in real life wtf
\": my emotions are all over the place\"
I'm fucking done omg my brother and cousins don't know when to quit like my nigga
I like the intensity of soccer fans. I would love to have seen NYR fans go outside of LAK hotel and wake em up with chants
197lbs, still on the way down bitches
Sos need a friend to go to the beach with on wednesday
Send me that soundcloud link
I'm not even crying anymore I'm fucking sobbing, what is wrong with me
Happy birthday to my good friend have a great day
that location shit is crazy af
Just had a classic \"black guy loves big white girl butt\" incident
What a gloomy .... The rain is making me want to \n
Gotta listen to Jb,august,ariana n milas albums. R&amp;bfinesse
I used to be really sad all the time and now I look back at it and realize nothings as bad as it seemed
Yesterday I didn't out pants on until 7:30 ?
Slept for 20 hours like a boss :D
Everyone's a bit of a liar
I ain't got time fo dat dat machine no mo
Going to lifeguard in a hurricane.
Everyone is all excited to get engaged and have kids at my age and all I'm excited that I'm not dealing with any of that.
Sometimes I wonder how my life would be if I wouldve grown up in NYC
I have the feeling of a really good tweet coming on!
People have become so good at compartmentalizing their pain that they don't even know where they've hidden it all...
THERE IT IS!!!!!
I'm listening on radio. Where does that throw rank on the Cespedes list?
Come On show 'em why you here in the
The situations insane but it's like what do I do now ?
A brother loses his job because you are able to trade coaches wtf kind of shyt is that how u trade coaches is so they need a salary cap
What is up with these red envelopes!?
I want a rat rod also
And Our Scars Remind Us That The Past Is Real , I Tear My Heart Open , Just To Feel
Atleast I know my cousin won't let me go to sleep like this. I love him.
Wow this violent gamer is now stalking people. Not surprised
I hate when you do this whole \"space\" thing.....
anyone sellin a Gucci or Louie V backpack? hmu on dm or text me
I want a cool coffee cup
Nothing I say or do is ever going to good enough for anyone. I keep fucking up.
My smell so good
Staying in my play pretend where the fun ain't go end.
Fuck you, thunder you can suck my dick. You cant get me thunder because you're just Gods farts.
may want to consider moving to Spain permanently - the media are going to FRY him if they lose this now
Red Dragon is a weird fuckin movie kid
Soccer camp with the my main bitch? Yes.
Vamos Portugal todavia se puede... .
Plans for tonight: buy and watch 21 Jump Street then go see it. \n\nBut who's gonna be my date.
A le voy..... Ohjala que eliminen a esos alemanes!!!
some headlights should be illegal seriously cars were blinding me for a good 15 minutes
Fearfully and wonderfully made...no matter what the stupid OC says. Big girl...you are beautiful.
A sheriff just peeled out behind me on my way home from work.. Should I be worried?
It looks like your happy.. cant be mad at that
I told myself not to do it... But yet I did lol fuckk hahah
cannot wait until tomorrow! My two teams play on the same day
I always lose one motherfuckin extension
I love my best friend i really do
Dwayne wade looks old!
Tyler my heart is breaking for him ohmygod
BLY A YE MANGALA KA PA KAI
Beautiful weather and no one is doing anything
ive done the same pose in my last five pics on instagram
\"What I Did For Love\" killed it. now to wait for
I get so excited when I get new music
This is actually the first World Cup game I watched sorry hope there's still some room on this bandwagon for lil ole me
Miley is a slut that got some good music
I just wish you'd realize how much she loves &amp; wants you
I love Dempsey
Came back to do the Same thing as before..
Grateful for the men who fought for my freedom today and for the Man who paid the ultimate price for my eternal freedom.
ONLY JUSTIN WOULD DELETE A POST JUST TO REPOST IT AND PUT A CROWN AT THE END OF HIS SENTENCE IM LAUGHING SO HARD
Sup. I'm an slc alum now.
a modern reboot of designing women called developing women
Wishing you all a great 4th!
Lebron is coming to Philly
Wtf nice goal
DJ Mustard the hottest producer in the game right now dawg lol
Peopke get mad when you lie but they don't want to hear the truth
Whenever I spend a long time in my room alone I can feel Donna judging me for doing nothing through the walls
Do not talk to me online then not say hi in person I will eat you
Don't look down on me just bc I do things your to scared too do
So therefor im not basic lol im far from basic tf and if u knew me you'd know that im far from basic
So i guess Braille isnt a thing anymore?
I hate telling people I'm fully black and they're like \"you're so pretty I thought you were mixed\"
you cant help the revolution, because there's just evolution... every time im in georgia i eat a peach for peace
To NSA: that person at the talk tonight was not me. (I don't know how he got my phone.)
The only thing excited about that conversation was Dylan's ponytail.
.Six months from now, I've agreed with my colleagues to understand your tweet here and act accordingly -- and I promise to act.
Falling together with someone as appose to falling apart is one of the most amazing feelings in the world.
A rose by any other name still smells just as sweet
I'M NOT HOLDING THE MACHETE BACKWARDS IT'S DOUBLE SIDED.
Hate when people say new York is bad...
Butt meet sofa. is on
Ha! I LOVE this episode! \n\n\"DON'T TOUCH THE FUCKIN' BURGER!\" LOL
Percent of Kentuckians finishing college is on the rise! That story on at 5:34.
I sssssmeeeellllll barbbbbbbbbecuuuue
that's something I never want to relive.
Well it's not too nice out and I don't have work so I think I'm just gonna make myself a pork roll egg and cheese and call it a day
I see you crushin..so is we fuckin..girl or nah?
When you finally get to 800 Instagram followers and then unfollows you : - D
You tell me you're just not the type, you wanna do this right
can't wait to see every white girl Instagram themselves in clothing with the American flag on it
I can't stop thinking about the fault in our stars and how broken my heart is
I miss clowning with my mans Aroude, Drew, Pj, Josh, Moss, Stewart. Those were good times
My sleeping schedule is messed upppp
Aw so cute
Shane Battier, it's been a real pleasure.
Bout to take a fucking break
30 SECONDS IN
Tryna come up on some snakes and sparklers today
\": I hope you find a way, to be yourself someday\nIn weakness or in strength, change can be amazing\" deep
Please shut the hell up, thanks
Shower was everything. I'm ready for bed!
the real question is, why isn't kp texting me
Finally home had so many errands before and after class
Hate people who are scared to be their own person and have to pretend to be someone they're not.
If history is a show of anything I give France 12 minutes until they give up and let Germany walk all over them
Don't you hate it when you're put on the back burner because of a guy.
It's a great day to be an American.
Just talking to people doesn't mean that you really know them
\"...My heart, I set my mind aside &amp; I just let my heart talk...\" -The Best Husband God Put together... ILY Altamirano
The Panthers are on the clock...
Goddamn I love being back in Devil's country.
best baseball commentary ever.
I spend 80% of my life on the phone with Alex
American beer, why in the world are you so sweet? Clearly got used to the German beer taste.
JOHNNY FUTBOL COMING ON
Last night was too funny , I just sat back and peeped everything
Who remembers when all of Massapequa got catfished by the same girl?
Headed to tech but first picking up my three disposable cameras I had developed. This should be interesting.
summer is but an unfriendly reminder that you have no friends and nothing to do haha
Froze the keeper!!!!!! No chance!!!!
People. Go get the new album!!!
Idk though, just looking for people to talk to.
Baby it's your call, no pressure at all.
rt for an Indirect \nmbf bc goal is 5k
How bout you come up clutch with a grand slam, guy?
I guess is not a Long Island drink type of guy....
Hopefully I get my septum pierced before I go back to Cali
I've never met anyone who felt honored being stalked.
Kelly is a girl's name and I don't care!
Hard work beats talent when talent doesnt work hard.
People always complain about how hard it is to find love. The real hard part is walking away from love.
Boutta blow up twitter w all these lyrics
Feeling so distant from everyone Ive known\nTo make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Im eating healthy... I got ya bitch askin for a selfie !!!!!!!
I wanna see some of my followers try to do my last tweet
Who invented button flys? And why did I buy these pants? What was I doing? Oh right... *button* *button* *button*
I need to go to the mall
The song just makes me wanna slow dance it's such an amazing song with perfect vocals and music.
Don't know what I would do without tumblr at night
I just miss beating you in MLB and you rage quitting. Or playing team deathmatch and me rage quitting
Gonna hate life tomorrow, but I'm making that money doe
\"Thotties have bodies. Bodies have herpes.\"-BA
overheard on MUNI bus: \"I think Caltrain is nice. It's almost like an upper class BART.\"
Lately I've been eating so much cereal I'm down to my last bit of Honey Bunches of Oats
Albeit it wouldn't. happen as mass resignation shall be suicidal for PTI.
Repeating this to myself, I think I thought I deserved it, but I deserve do much more than what is being offered
I feel so stupid ever bragging and talking so highly about him.. People are never as they seem.
I don't like Aija anymore she knows too many Teaneck people
Why am I single when there is so many beautiful women out there
or maybe I should just be half boy from now on
I'll put a little sour in your sweet
Cheating me nah play that game a you fii have me last mame ~
I knew once one person got picked for the Ice challenge it was over for all of us hahah
What the fuck this bitch got on
That game was AWESOME
She deserve rounds , i need that in my life
MHS cheer tryouts tomorrow at 11am in MHS!!! Good luck everyone plz retweet mhs cheer!
Did you go to a lot of Giants games growing up?
Ljudi mojih godina su puno stariji od mene.
Fuck I gotta study for this final tomorrow
I had a dream resigned with the last night...
yo y mis pinches ganas de volverte a ver fuck!!!
LinkedIn from The Legend of the Job Offer
13 - your tweets are always top 5, feel free to dm me I feel we would get along odee
I can't wait to be in Monterey tomorrow :\/
Tomorrow ima go cop dem camo 95s. Thank you very much
I'm so happy rn
I wanna punch something but I also want ramen
*talking to uncle* \"Look at this picture i took of you, i uploaded it on facebook!\" *he comes* *shows him a pic of an ugly hippo* xD
Almost forgot I booked my surgery for July 2nd
Your wack if you talk shit about your ex
Still like can you hit it with you OVO goose on?
Allie just got pulled over on her way to see me rip
I hate life and everyone in life.
I think I got paid but I don't want to check because last time that happened I ended up buying mad people drinks at a bar..
That was fast lol
That's the one thing ive always hated about black music on TV... Most if it is cut off
When turns 20, this WHOLE ENTIRE FANDOM is gonna be bawling and jumping off cliffs...WATCH.
really ? i'm pretty sure the bar was harder than being on
Need a decent charger for these nice lithiums that came in the KX1. Might order new foam for this pelican as well.
i hate when bitches say they're \"scared\" of thunder, like stfu,
John Legend's voice isn't good for this song but he tryna bail her out
People think that they can just treat good people like garbage and get away with it.
now I want a nap
mark better get my hot cheetos ! fr .
I can't wait for the game tomorrow
Congrats to those graduating from Trenton High today and getting those diplomas tho.
Some one go give uh pillow so she can be \"I'm schleep doe\" she goon need it
I still don't trust the heat until the clock hits 0.00
I hope it rains all dayy until about 7
When you realize you trusted the wrong people &lt;&lt; I
Ew dont leave me on seen ,
New York City... Happy Weekend!
Okay rant over. I have 2 minutes left until clock in. Lol
crying bc im so excited for andrew to come home in 2 days
About time Messi!!!
Gabi Wilson is the greatest act musically to appear on TV in years and they literally just cut her off after 20 seconds.
It's gunna get worst I already known
En route to check out an apartment in Nob Hill on my favorite street in California... California street!
Spent nearly as much money on Metrocards as an unlimited month pass cost! Wtf! Over public transportation!
I like Kira, but her and Scott should NOT be together like wth
Can't Let You Go by Fab is the original side chick song.
lemme see ya do it wit no hands..
Could go for some viet food rn
Your love is breakin' the law but, I need it in witness
Its one thing to get beat, but give up? Idc how talented he is, there's whole lotta players id take before LBJ.
I'm confused as to how someone thought \"chile verde\" would be a good Instagram username
Fuck if I was THAT DARK, lord I would the champion of hide and go seek.
\"The Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be\"\n\n Carl Sagan
That awkward moment when your uncle is yelling at your coworker and you're right in the middle....
-REPITO: Te Llamaria PUTA, Pero Ofenderia A Esas Mujeres Trabajadoras, Ellas Se Venden Tu Te REGALAS ;)
Have a merry Cancer Season you bunch of fuckin' softies.
I fucking hate buses omg. Can't believe I gotta take the bus to work again this summer.
Matte nails got me feelin some typa way
YEAH CLINT DEMPSEY
these fries and ranch never tasted so good in all of life omg praise god
Que arrechera tantos amigos con carros que tengo y esos mmgvos muriendose con la maldita resaca y yo necesitando un favor de ellos :S
People in the east coast are scared of white men walking around the street instead of black men...
Your best friend is supposed to have your back not shit on you smh that mothafuckaaaa should not be your best friend huh
wow I miss Saturday, just want issues to come back already
My little sister just told me she and her friend spy on me and vicky and have a notebook to write it all down...
On the run tour tickets are 267 in A1 seating\nI need to buy it now!
My names coker and i have autism. Breehhhhh!
I can't wait to see and Chris brown performance
I'm making pancakes who wants some
Being a single lady in a new whip, I've been exercising my right to honk at every single runner I see...how does it feel!?!
Slick Van-fucken-Stache \nWith the excellent play at 1st to close the game. \nhoe
If tonight isnt lit, then i give up on life
I'm still laughing at 22 Jump Street.
You young retards dissing Tyson are embarrassing as hell
If anyone bitches about the weather in Newark I'll hunt you down and stab you with a turkey leg. The heat in Pleasanton is no joke.
This asshole needs to get out. Idk why he's so cocky for
Happy birthday to my Latina soul sister !!!!!! Missing you like crazy. Can't wait to be reunited..for a second time. ;) LOVE U
Well... I broke my fibula... So that's a thing..
so much emotional energy, I've been defaulting and converting it into creative energy, but it's getting overwhelming....
Don't kill time just enjoy it
Matt wants to catch the fade, shits obvi asf.
The fact that I woke up at 350 to go to the bathroom and still haven't fallen back asleep yet. I'm just not going to try
I believe that we will at least hold to a draw!
Is there a reason why season 2 of the Carrie Diaries isn't on Netflix..?
So I wonder how is feeling today
it's not really something i can just let go ya know it's not like that
Let me tell you when it comes to latin Google Translate is not your friend!
I haven't put pics, and video on my instagram for over 3 months already even know I don't have a phone with me like day 1.
Idk what I feel like doing tonight
Que le pasa a la gente? Porque tanto odio??
lana marina and lorde nd iggy are queen lol pce
You go out your way she breaking your wallet.
La re sube cuando ya se siente el olorcito a comida mmm
I hope BET loses all it's viewers when Iggy performs .
I can't deal with this town anymore
Ha Idk what I was thinking with my last tweet like I was really about to do that
It's cold af in my room I'm under 2 comforters
I just inadvertently huffed so much gas. I'm certainly going to have an interesting day.
I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name
!!Este nuevo video juego esta genial, y fue creado por mi socio el gran George Maisto en Miami! desde Nueva York, Thomas Mantuano
Netflix needs a \"never\" option when it asks if I want to update Microsoft Silverlight because it's never going to happen
don't know why I'm trippin so hard over this
my followers is the best .
222 being a dancer is way better then cheerleading
I want to have sex right now...
The third of July did me in
on my days off I still have to be up early . smh
Love hearing the hold steady in all star game ads.
I said it after preliminary games. Feeling a Costa Rica Cinderella story going deep into the finals. Now I'm pacing.
Putaaain ces Argentin ils Marchent oklm
IAN CONNOR AT CHAIN OF STRENGTH
Love the terminals in . get a clue! Plugs galore! Clean. Nice seating. Speakers you can hear!
DEMPSEY YOU MONSTER
Well my mom just told me to sit in the back so Brian could sit in the front...
I need to make opportunity
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
I JUST DONE BROKE MY BACK TRYINA SEND A BOOTY PIC BUT THIS HO DONT WANNA APPRECIATE IT SMH
Really think I saw my life flash before my eyes lmaoo
If you got enough cigars we can all smoke
Do you think petunia has ever gone in the chicken?
Dead Sea salty about missing Nats-Rockies with everyone tonight. My job can go suck a fuck.
Who the heck sets off a butt load of fireworks at 9:45on a Wednesday night in June???
Seriously, who did Damien Sandow piss off? Did he grab Stephanie's ass backstage?
It's hotter then a fat mans butt crack. Like god damn.
$250 just to sign up at LA.. Maybe retro wasn't lookin so bad after all fuckin thiefs
Stupid ignorant hood niggas always looking for pointless fights
Orton and Kane were so bad at the PPV last night, they seemed lazy and slow. Kind of like WWE's writers actually.
wtf he got the ball is this ref fucking retarded
me: do you ever just crack yourself up?\n\n: no. i'm not like you in that way
Can it be August so I can go to Puerto Rico??
The worst thing a boy can do is cheat on a faithful girl.
FUCKKKK being home means having my mom tell me to clean my room. In a dorm, I wouldn't mind doing it. Now I hate it. Because mom told me to.
Is the scavenger hunt still on tonight or what...?
Tryna tell you I could blow ya mind
\"Yeah you got tricks but I got 5 more\nSo any game you trying to play you better\nKnow, I got the high score\" -47
So yeah someone like talk to me
I remember I met Samuel Larson, I tote wanted to make out with him but I kept it professional
We'll Avril you didn't sing hot
Oh well, things happen for a reason
Had an awesome time with team and fellow (&amp; future) PVE owners tonight in NYC. Thanks and
I got em goin', got em goin' crazy
Who da hell dates their own cuzin. . .. .
I don't care, I love it.
I don't know how to wear my hair tomorrow.
Muchas felicidades x la nueva etapa q viviras en esto es producto dl trabajo, exitos y a formar un gran equipo.
I think everyone knows that panic feeling lol
\"Does anyone want to quit smoking? *hands raise* Okay perfect we are doing shrooms that day.\"
Home of the Hawks... roosters... stray dogs... ants...
I would like to order a caramel apple turndownfornada
Whoever snitched got me hella f'd up
Twitter is life when you're bored
$50 tees $50 briefs $500 jeans $1000 sneaks &amp; I'm so wavy the girls go crazy
I don't believe they are bad people necessarily, maybe they just need to learn how to integrate their darkness. repression makes it worse
You can't snap me if your not okay with me sending random pictures of my stomach!!
Why does it have to rain on the Fourth of July? Honestly out of all if the other days .
Alyssa poos and I had a nice dinner today at Denny's (: !
Im not for alot of the shit people like to do
Sometimes loveeeeeee comeeees around &amp; it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down
Niggas needa start watching \"Guy Code\" more often.
Drinking wine out of our camelbaks tonight...time to get shitty
If i was rich af, i would be gifting a lot of people any song they wanted tbfh
Being ignored and lied to are my two biggest pet peeves
\"If was here with me, we'd be out right now!!\"- my insane sister
my dog jumped on the bed and started vigorously scratching so to anyone outside my room it sounds like I'm having some intense sex
GOAL!!! What a start!
I'll pay someone to try the $9.95 lobster tacos at Red Lobster for me. If you don't die of food poisoning, I'll know it's ok.
Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! \n\nThere's nothing else to say but !!!!!
its okay i know you like me but dont wanna admit it
Lets go USA!!!
NO NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THAT MAMA
If you and your girl been in a relationship for 3 years and she moves on within the first 1-5 months, that wasn't really your girl.
My alter-ego is taking over for the week. With red bull we should both live until about Saturday.
How do u handle the guilt of ur past, tell me how do u deal with the shame
Summer running program starts tonight at high school at 6pm..phase 1 &amp; week 1 = most important to be most successful
Deciding whether or not to tan after work. The struggle is real.
if you niggas are going to argue at least make it something worth arguing over, damn.
When do you know you made it?
I just remembered I hate a lot of people.
I'm always up hella late on my phone
I called it!!!! I called the Equalizer!!! AMERICA, MOTHER FUCKERS!!!
Mmmm idk what to do with my life
Where can I get my eyebrows done on the Fourth of July?
I'm going to continue to ignore your phone calls until you apologize for the fucked up shit you did.
I wish I had a crystal ball for the days I feel completely worthless. You know id use it all for good, I wouldn't take it for granted.
learned great tips on using today from - :)
furthest thing from perfect like everyone i know.
\"I bet Noah only watches movies with actors that lift\" - Carson
I'm nervous bruhh
Ya me ando obstinando de la misma maldicion
I'm voluntarily watching this fame in Spanish because the color guy on ESPN is the fucking worst.
Tie dye shirts, feathers in your hair, dancing in circles we can smell the fresh air
Always travel on Pearl Harbor Day to show the emperor you're not afraid.
I work for my shit, i don't need anybody
Playing the game where you text girls \"why haven't we fucked yet\" &amp; see what they say .. hilarious!
If it werent for these 158431790 thoughts running through my head i wouldve been knocked out already
really regretting that coffee now that I'm wide awake
Really can't deal with this at 7 am..
LOL When people post mashups that really really fucking suck.
Meanwhile Cain is back to throwing batting practice.
This is what happens when you jump into things too fast
Lol you say that but you're most definitely going to
Only got 2 hrs work tmrw yes
OLD ZUKO IS STILL A BADASS AND NOW HE HAS A DRAGON
not dealing with your drama next year
To mi prima de puertorico waleska declaudiodejesus desde nybronx
doesn't feel like 4th of july ..
I swear im cute. I take pictures 24\/7 . Im not conceited tho LMFAOOO
It's 2:08am and I'm eating flan
Dont hide it from you should be the type to provide it to me
WOO HOO !
im so tired today.. don't know why..
Is the house from arrow an actual place? I wanna live there.
Moving to Antelope with my mom!
i find it funny how i never studied for science but still gonna a 95. i thought i was stupid wtf
glad you're fully capable of catching a subtweet lmao
Smh you ain't shit nigga
ChrisRose guys...Please.. The advertisement for this week's games are blocking the diamond(bottom right hand corner tnx
I'm clean so I lean like the pisa tower does
Eating salad out of an old fried chicken box with chopsticks bc neither my bf or his roommate have plates or utensils..
No ! No hacer gol Portugal
\"Your boobs are like watermelons\" same
ESPN out here making up countless excuses for 's lackluster performances.
I act like i dont got work tomm
1035 playing yike stand by the nigga lol
Been in Downtown Brooklyn all day Shopping
Ugh fucking lost my In these damn mountains I'm on and it's slow as eff I'm like come on fucker
Don't nobody feel bad for ya lame ass
looks desperate to get that ball out of the stadium
Just two more hours left of work!!! Clock pls go faster!! I'm so sleepy
I wonder if our government is as secretly fucked up as it is in Scandal
Breakfast lunch and dinner's for beginners
I wish literal DEATH upon the person going 20 mph in front of me the whole way home
With all my pretentious bitching about music, I'm so excited and happy about so much (hopefully) great music coming out in the near future
The fact that Jaquis is amping Demarco right now is a problem like it's not 4:30
You make me feel ( mighty real ) by slyvester is soooo trilllllll
\"Thank you for listening to us &amp; supporting our choices. We're excited to partner w\/the district.\" - Parent Maritza Leal to RCSD board
Classic quote from the Giants Cove blog: storm clouds are gathering from Modor as the LA Dodgers are now apparently ready to play some ball.
Carlo's for grandma's birthday dinner, then back to Marg's bbq for the night !
More like bored ; so ima fall asleep
Im bout to whip up some pancakes
I roam the halls looking for unproductive employees and read cucumber puns. Productivity is up twelvefold.
Sole posession of the best record in baseball.
No one is ever who they say they are
Speed limit in texas is unlimited lol. Not 55.
let's talk about our dreams and aspirations, our favorite and least favorite things, what we hate and love about ourselves. let's talk babe.
Adam Jones, standing on second base, yelling like a mad man between every pitch.
Still pretty bummed that I'm not going to Disneyland tomorrow like how I planned, but I'm happy that I'll be able to save that money
\": I miss the believe tour\"
I wish that I could make certain people disappear
That was quite therapeutic and reassuring that the world isn't filled with moral-less people
Due to signal problems at Forest Hills-71 Avenue, southbound and trains are running with delays. Please allow additional travel time.
I got to go get my prints and mug taken.
2Pac with a degree is out there somewhere.
First of all, I don't need to be talked to. And second, get your life in order before you get into other peoples business. Thank you.
Another beautiful summer night in Clayton with a beautiful girl.
This is what Jacob gets for torturing me with birds.
My head, back and calf are literally throbbing
my crush is 6'4\" and i like hugging him
and i wissh i never met her at allll
Just got icyhot in my eye
New music on my phone. Now time to get shit done.
That was a very powerful praise and worship. Wow I'm really changed. I prayed for everyone I loved while I was there
Ordered a new phone battery! Finally i can use my phone for more than 2 hours without it dying -_____-
just when everything is going great
Again, i h8 a bish who wants to be friends with everyone.
Feliz 4 de Julio desde San Francisco!!!
Mimi annoying ass you have words just admit you and Niko agreed to release the damn tape rat looking couple smh
I just pitched \"Watch Dogs LARP in Central Park\" and you should've seen her face. Oh man, I will get her into LARP if it kills me.
Hoping and expecting that everybody is ready for anything that could happen tonight
Im about to bite the bartenders nails lol
the same song has been stuck in my head since 12. okay.
Omfgggggggggggggg 30 seconds into the FUCKING game!! USA USA USA USA
Me and my friends are children
He said yessss :D I asked when my aunt wasn't there lol
Oh dear god. Humid much NY. Take me back to temperate climes. I am a frail Seattle fern.
being broke really puts things in perspective
can't even sleep cause it's 300 degrees in my room
I think this game is done.
U lied bosh lol
WHY DOES FANNY ALWAYS \"know a guy\" ...... I wanna know these mystical men that always do strange favors
I'm not gunna give them what they want.
\"Bodies\" by the sex pistols is still an ATF
My dad made such a mistake getting me a keyboard for graduation
It's just another night and I'm staring at the moon I saw a shooting star and thought of you.
Mexico is about to get shitted on by Neatherlands
Draft in Philly might be the only place you get fights in the stands
Season 5 finale of grey's I can't stop crying
main st at this time is a drunk person breeding ground
Might never win a World Cup but we are undefeated in world wars
I'm so proud of you. Watching you grow from the start has been an honor. 1st single...number 1...wow.
Aron is hella hot though, I don't mind him as Jozy's substitute
I'm honestly not ready for this
Excellent day of sports......
today was actually so much fun even though i almost threw up
Does rhianna really have a sextape out?
you and me together nothing gets better
this performance needs to be on the Mtv awards
damn i kinda feel bad for bron bron
Love hearing my neighborhood erupt in cheers with each US goal!!!
This is so good....is the best.
When you're scrolling through your TL and it says \"view more tweets\" of course bitch
Rockin till the end I ain't goin no where
I've been spending too much time with him.
Now Dempsey smh
I hate my parents why didn't they have me play soccer. I could've been on that field right now. Giving elbows left and right.
I'm so in love with Latch acoustic y'all don't even know
Ew water with raspberry syrup wtf
a good kid? yeah,\n\nthat's only in my mama's eyes
Happy !!! How are you celebrating?
This weekend should be fun
I wish I can straight sleep and wake up 10 years from now.
My account was hacked. Again. Don't know why has so many problems. Sorry. Fixed.
First I was watching an all girl prison show, and now an all guy one lol
I think it's becoming more and more clear that Cespedes has the best arm in baseball, another assist at the plate tonight
KYLA IS AN ASSHOLE!
Yes Jack f'n Bauer - Bye-Bye bitch
Without light\nthere is no sight\nWithout global rotation\nday does not fall to night\nWithout ur affections\nmy heart does not beat rite\n
Idk if I should even go to pride. All david will do is be a whore and a half.
Really wanna get home so I can download Soul's new album
Some sus stuff going on in the meadows
I had planned on taking the little kids to church today. We didn't arrive at the house until 1 am &amp; since we wanted 2 show the
I just seen the Craziest shit
Just photo bombed some chicks train selfie through the crack of the seats so I'm feelin pretty accomplished for this early in the morning
When you're alone and you have Stevie wonder radio playing on your pandora are you really alone?
I propose we replace the national anthem with \"Flap your wings\" - Nelly
I'm still shaking from earlier lol
Listening to All of Me on repeat bc it reminds me of this weekend
I proved a lot of people wrong I made it to the 11th grade I did not let the hate get to me I DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nos invaden las putas, pronto conquistaran el mundo.
Back on my summer bullshit nd the summer just got here
Miraj said I was cute and then he was like jk your friend Ria is though LOL struggles of having a super hot bff
There's a chick driving down the express way trying to take a selfie while driving. Expect a crash any minute.
Hyped to fail and then get the fuck out of this chem test after the two hour mark
uk you got that thang that i likee
Why do I feel like I'm regretting the choice I made..UGHH!!!
Yah let's just honk the horn as many times as you can and deprive me of my sleep.
I swear I get my best ideas at night
Overcompensating my sadness with a sushi date with el madre
that was a great match between the usos and the wyatts
I think the entire island just shook after that goal.
Break me down, break me all the way down before the night is over. Let's get lost.
I believe the first instance of the word \"hater\" in hip hop comes from in the 1991 Public Enemy track \"Can't Truss It.\"
Jones!!!!!! What a goal!!!!!
Silvestre D - El pasado es pasado \n\n*se acuerda de Ana*
Ronaldo's off today !
\"The moment we get our food is going to be the happiest moment of my life.\" ~Joann DiBuono
Watching soul plane... Got me Rollin!!
Entering meet and greets gets me so nervous.
I can't sleep with socks on idk how ppl do that
How did I go so long without realizing how big of a pussy you are?????
Are we getting f'd up tonight or are we getting f'd up tonight
Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that
If you ever think about playing your girl, imagine another nigga fucking her &amp; I bet you'll reconsider
Hopefully the Lego movie will make me feel better.
I better die before I get really fat
IM HAVING MY MOM TAKE ME TO SEE SHAWN TOMORROW I HAVE TO SEE HIM
A summer relationship would be nice.
Christian do you wanna come over and watch netflix with me
It's bout to be a Suge Knight!
(I think I'm the only one who sometimes plays chiptune while in bed :-P )
Last year around this time I was literally packed up for school and waiting to leave even though I didn't go until the end of August
This season of is so bad that it cured me of my addiction to the show.
meus dentes estao doendo cara aquela brincadeira so me fez mal naquela piscina e naquele frio
so much turn up for one orientation
Harry potters gonna get me through tn
All my snaps are of me and farg, literally always
Can someone help me?\nits like im going insane :( I tweeted so much :'(
Looking at pictures from freshman to senior year makes me sad af
Alright Pharrell, sit your happy ass down.
No, , it's not a cycle of vengeance - it's an occupation
A baby could have been born faster than the time it's taking this FCP video to render.
you aren't jake from State Farm, you're something I shit out every morning.
Jeff said \"fuck dat\" plus I wanna see Kordell punch shit
People are selfish.
I'm yung serg the big boy rapper. The new Sergio with a brand new chapter.
I feel fucked up for what I didnt do
Erica's always trying to get in on the love
I hate going to bed early, but I hate waking up early even more. I aint about that normal hours life.
I really don't care for US ill just go to class instead
Remember when we used to go to movie premieres all the time?
Damn who hasn't seen 22 jump street yet?
Next i want a thigh tat, i think they are so sexy and i have a massive canvas
Who's down to go to the movies tonight?
No fucking food in this house
I faget all bout dis game ya
I literally cant even be on twitter tonight bc I'm missing all of this shit.
I should probably go to sleep sometime soon
\"I dunno dude. You could marry a baller and be fine or marry a poet and be \nf$&amp;ked.\" So many gems !
My dad is about to shoot a firework at a car
You know you're talking to your best friend when you say \"yeah 10 mins\" and you finally get off FaceTime 2 and a half hours later.
If you're names unique, u a hoe
You're here to create GREATNESS....and nothing less.
Debating if i should go to hayward tonight or tomorrow??
Wow when you tend not to give a F you end up never feeling bad or down. This is lowkey new too me
In the middle of anal is just an animal...think about it
I wish Wilson aka babe would come floating onto the shore here.
soo what do I buy from active cause I'm not a boy
A ? : FED APPEALS COURT PUTS JUDGE'S RULING OVERTURNING INDIANA GAY MARRIAGE BAN ON HOLD PENDING APPEAL
My face is so burnt that it hurts to yawn
Y'all better quit fucking shit up,
Feels like i been babysiting for 10 hours and its been 2
Tim Murray doesn't give a shit who you are. Your play sucking? Have fun in free agency
THISSS IS WHAT DREAMSSSS MADE OF!! HEY NOW HEY NOW
Borderline ratchets like myself who don't like showing stretch marks and that last 6 pounds that won't go away...
These refs are blind are retarded!!!!
Its weird but sometimes my Horoscope is exactly on point
Sunburn on your back and benching don't mix
Ladies and gentleman, this is the mambo number five.
Already a goal!
My Soundlink 3 speaker is life
Messi does nothing for 65 minutes then does that
Team Post is currently very satisfied with our articles, excited to see how they will look on our website!
Tf you thought I lost? All this flame on my name would bf exhausted
She deserves sooooo much better than me but I try so hard. I give her my all. Fuck y'all doubting me.
I meeting ronnie banks and Special K in like 10 minutes hhgffnnfd
Pretty positive I need surgery on my shoulder
The shit I see on twitter amazes me
Literally slept over 13 hours today
It's so ridiculous how ignorant people are!
Oh, Darwin doesn't meow. He is 1 of those cats that . That's how I know who's calling me. Shadow meows (loudly) &amp; Darwin ..
We agree... I was meant to be a Disney princess. Even random tinder guys know.
You cant ask for a better friend than
Thx america, today I get paid to eat and watch fireworks
Some of the decisions people make baffle me...
Okay I gotta chill I got work in 35 minutes .
\": Who wants to send me that PF song they're only giving to people that get VIP?\" Yo same! Hawaii living means no VIP!
I wish change and new things didn't scare me so much
Someone adopt me
Just had to tell a pedestrian I don't have peripheral vision bc I almost caused a collision. Pretty sure my apology avoided a stabbing.
I hit much flyouts today
If you love me, let me go.
Population of attention whore city: 6 mil
All I want is to make someone happy and for someone to love me you don't know how much I like you.
Might as well just take the fine from the FCC
wow ok, I guess it's slow for my bed.
Everytime I see this girl on my timeline I yell whore
Going to modesto &amp;' napa &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm always falling asleep by mistake when I'm high lol
I'm so white I can't take it.
Jermaine Jones.. American hero?!?
Going to my uncles house is hell when my cousin is there.
Paul Oakenfold's Edc set was pretty bro....but a good bro
I NEVER THOUGT OF THAT THAT JACOB LOOKED AT MY BIO AND MY ICON OH MY GOD
It is the little things you do that fuel my hatred for mankind.
acho que vou fazer um varal de fotos
C'mon airports. Get me to where I need to be today please. I've got fireworks to watch!
Just got home, what an awesome day, got lots done, and saw two awesome bands play... Gonna play with doggie for a bit, then off to sleep.
Yooo tonight was so dope in Central Park Schoolboy Q had A$AP Rocky, Ab-Soul and Action Bronson as Special Guests tonight
I haven't played video games in over a month.
Wow great time to turn the game on
The professor from PA is the best dressed I've ever seen. He's come to suck your blood and become .
you dont realize how effing happy that made me
Its hard to find god when you aint never seen him
I love love love margaritas forever
Mi vida gris...
Da tijdsverschil blijft toch raar, het is hier nu 6:30PM vrijdag en thuis 2:28AM zaterdag..
Took and hour and a half nap earlier..and I'm still tired lol
Everything else on Mtv drains my brain cells.
do it for the bae okay
I WILL ALWAYS BE SECOND BEST NO MATTER WHAT
BLON DE CREEPY !!!
Regarding Aperture Sunset: If anyone thinks Apple is not going to migrate that IP to the destined unified product, they may be mistaken.
I'm young reezy I goes where I wanna go
Fak ba kai aning pceer ngi
Why hasn't offered the feature to edit your tweets yet??
Hey boo boo its ranger Smith
want Thermapen-like device for microbial content. use case: burrito insertion
Conan: American soccer fan dresses like Teddy Roosevelt, calls self Teddy Goalsevelt. Less popular is Germanys soccer fan, Adolf Kickler.
I just wanna be in bed all day
Sweet how I have to stay home tonight and work tomorrow
Whyyyy am I awake? Whyyyyy ohhhhhh whyyyyyyyy..... Am I awake?
im going to miss you so much
Forget it I don't even want Joe back. If he is willing to sign a permanent contact to Westampton then he can be permanently cut from E-Town
I don't have a debit card for the time being lmao kill me now
I hate when girls wear sneakers
Gerrish needs to stop talking about my penis
I'm not a soccer fan so I'm not watching the World Cup....but how many jumped on the bandwagon today that USA is doing good?
That fuckin Asian bitch almost killed me. Just to let you know you don't tak exit almost before you miss exit without looking.Fuck you bitch
Steve angello was horrible I kept coming up with excuses to leave the group to escape ...
Estos Japonesitos me han invitado a ver el partido
I want someone to pile drive my lower back and crack the shit out of it
\": is an ass for playing we are never getting back together by Taylor swift\"the truth is the truth!!
So dawn goes down to day, nothing golden will stay
Back in the day when everybody had a Twitter
It always rains the hardest on people who need the sun the most
DONT MAKE ME WAIT HONEY DONT MAKE ME SAY IT OUT LOUD
It makes me depressed to see everybody else having fun while I'm stuck at home being a lonely piece of shit.
What are the kids reading these days?
I like when my prents tellje to gotobed and I tell them \"it's summer\" and they have reply
my dreams suck ass
THAT FUCKING NOTE MADE ME NET I CANT WVNE INAKSHAJAUDKAUSBEUSJMS
I know at least 9 girls who've cut their hair short in the past week l o l hecka weird season
I dont know how my friends manage to take at least 2 hours in every single store we went to..
don't you hate when your friends have hot brothers because I do
All the lights for the rest of ya life
When ever I see Joseph Gordon Levitz on TV I feel the need to yell JOSEPH GORDON LEVITZ... Oh my god I make no sense.
I intended to shower right now but i dont want to wake paula so im sitting naked on my floor. Kk
Just to tell y'all my favorite tech n9ne song was in the trunk!!! LOL!!!
I hope Costa Rica gets an ass whooping by the Netherlands
\"I'll be the Julia Styles to your Dexter.\" My relationship with just gets better and better... Welcome home, roomie!
Jamas provoques lagrimas en un rostro que te ha regalado sus mejores sonrisas.
Bread and butter at dinner after no lunch- yummmm
I am proud. Proud of the girl i am. If no one else is, i am. Only I know how much i've gone thro &amp; how many times i've raised again. Only I
the love that stiles has for his jeep makes me love him even more!
May the 4th be with you
Okay so I'm performing at this local feast in September. I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT SONGS I'M GOING TO SING YET AND I NEEDA PRACTICE.
You can only build family around loyalty
That probs was top 5 scariest moments of my life
So parents are going to Reno tomorrow.. Cool.
Ticos!!! I bet monkey bar and plankton are going off!
Kevin's so salty because of my obsession with Dean Ambrose
When this baby hits 88mph, you're gonna see some serious shit...
TelemicroHD y Montilla a la cabeza
Copped a tee now i just need that mets fitted to go with it
Cut to me sitting in a Starbucks for 30+ minutes because he didn't listen.
i was suppose to see Think Like A Man 2 with Dom, but this weekend was so hectic i wasn't with him very much.
put my smoothie in a red solo cup for the drive to work today and just realized it probably wasn't the best decision
\"She was sent here by the devil to corrupt everybody\" this is what my mom has to say about yo ratchet ass
The crowd is going wild for USA though. 'Murica.
I must say I'm very nice driving drunk, always making it to the destination safe and sound
Watching the making of Diagonally Alley &amp; pretending Alito can be destroyed by the power to love
But I only have time to subtweet ppl not catch ppls subtweets
Little feel good you ain't never felt before I'm talking 1994
Can't wait to get back in the gym Monday.
Two bitches ova c if ur boi can finish
My mom and her boyfriend would be mad if they found out I share my dinner with the dog
Oh shit..... that kick to the face....
Now THAT'S power! \n
Haru and Rin essentially made up so the bromamce is happening (I'd ship it too)and then this new character shows up...
I wish I could see my actual tweet number
Hired after my very first interview
Lowry to the Heat? Fuuuuuu
There's a donut in my room and my window is open so the breeze keeps bringing the delicious smell toward me &amp; i can't sleep for this reason
I hear the Americans are leading the soccer game. Mini-vans at drive thru must be crazy right now
Pleasure P x Lick Lick Lick
. I feel like I haven't tweeted in FOREVER. How do y'all know what's going on with me? I'm slacking.
\"Why can't people just listen to music af have fun\"
Dont know what your alive for until you know what youll die for
If you live in lake Elsinore we might be neighbors ayyye
He want that Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
I wanna go back to the insane asylum
JUL 8 at in Central Park !
ADEUS GALERO VOU IR DORMIR BOA NOITE szsz
Whatever ill just play kirby alone while you guys enjoy west side story
q burlA rt : Burbuja \/.\\
what does it mean when a guy goes through your instagram pics and likes a whole bunch of selfies
YO DIS SPACEMAN! WE OUT HUR TRY 2GET TURNT AS FUQQ
If you can manipulate and make children feel guilty, you can control them and their ability to make decisions from a young age.
Okay now really I need to cut my tracks.
Damn how many pounds did busts rhymes gain?!?
If all you people are following me care to read this for a second and try to make someone smile today
Green shorts would've been perfect for my graduation outfit but BHS wants to be gay and not allow shorts for graduation
I just killed a big ass spider that was on my bed.. I can't go to sleep now
Seriously though who comes to someone's house at 9:45pm to buy a pool table this is sketchy
Breaking a sweat just layin here
Niggas dont like to see others happy is what it is. Hating asssss bitchesss out here ! Too hot for this
The fact that us 5sos fam , directioners , O2L and emblem 3 fans where the only ones here for jacob shows we picked the right life leaders
I NEVER SAID BYE TO OMG
Good weather + good music + good company =
U a hoe if you drink ciroc
\": They need to make a social network for all the old folks\" I think its called MySpace
I love being drunk af smoking a cigarette
\": no really where the heat fans at\"Wassup you a \"okc fan\"?
Pace university top internship placement program...top 10 school...oh and in NYC
For thinking out of the box from where I stand
Really leaving on a stretcher smfh yo
never had a friend over who hasnt taken a picture with or of my cat
Just a favorite I'm done.
I just don't know where I fit in with leather anymore.
I just want to get my car and keep driving
Personally I don't give a shit about 2014 so far
sad bc u don't take me seriously or something
Just saw Jersey Boys at the movies- o what a night...And not in a good way! #
I knew I hold you back.
Ugggghhhh this homework needs to do itself at this point
I think it's time to unfreeze my 24 membership, fix my eating habits and stop being a lazy white boy.
Carusone den undergoing big changes right now
My mom's making Irish soda bread on 4th of July
Putting your heart out on the line for someone who wouldn't even take a bullet for you is like playing with fire.
prison break is one of the best shows ever
Are you actually having sex in penn station rn
Chalmers is a piece of shit
The for the boys breed is a dying breed
restyl is really my shit lowkey
Cracker Jacks more like straight crack if you ask me
Yes I hear you , no I'm not gonna look back.
That feeling you get when you realize true love actually exists.
I like to think that we had it all, we drew a map to a better place...
If you say bruh I fuck with u
I should work at a Thai massage parlor because I'm so good at sucking
Wasup Alice pick me up from my palace
he loves me with every beat of his cocaine heart..
\": Someone model my clothes\"hit me up
my response to everything is \"you tryna fight rite now?\"
Working this many hours sucks lol
se acuerdan de i know de drake bell bueno yo aun amo esa cancion fue mi jam en esos dias
Omg omg omg omg
Lol why does my aunt have to snore so damn loud. Hella tempted to plug your nose or some shit
Put food in the toaster oven. Set for 18 minutes. Forgot to put the temperature up
No headphones at the gym is the worst
Lmao by the time an Albanian boy is 18, 88% of them have an eagle tattooed on them..
the problem with wearing dresses is that sitting like a lady isn't comfortable..
Bent last night with the ciroc and henny
tip to getting out of a ticket: \ninvite the cop to the party you're going to.
According to my family, I have a gravy addiction.
USA goalkeeper looks like a persian Common
Really wish I could hang out with the dudes from . And eat the meals they make.\n\nThey probably get that a lot though.
i hope this feeling last for fuckin ever
Angrily stuffing my face with popcorn cause dawn wont buy me a fucking beer
\": Half you boys better pray your daughter never runs into a guy like you\" dead fucking ass!!!!!
Beat everyone on my lane at intern bowling. Also won two drinks at traddies and yogurtland from bets on said wins. Feelin FLY
...and we're on the board.
That fireball whiskey whispers temptation in my ear
SPRINTING A BLOCK WAS SO FUCKING WORTH IT THANK YOU FOR SMILING AND WAVING AT ME
I'm screaming. I need a new charger.
You're bitchin', but you're not a bitch
Wanna blace it in my room but my mom has this crazy superhuman scent ability
So Korra has Ami's glider from Gargantia. Ok, good good.
The shit I do for friends
I hate my house.....its so boring.
Packed for the 10th anniversary White Party, voted and, yoga next!
Put your tongue back in ya idiot
Look how I whip it how I whip it
Why do I look 3 years younger?!?!!!
I'm getting sick, what the fucking fuck. Its summer -.-
I wish we tweeted back then. RT Kirk Gibson scores on a Rusty Kuntz sac fly to makes it 4-3 in the 5th in the !!
In the last hour hm brain has: remembered that Blue October is a thing, gotten a Blue October song lodged in my skull, not apologized for it
Nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
Black on black camaro it got two doors
My mind is living on cloud 9 and this 9 is never on vacation
FDA today approved Afrezza a rapid-acting inhaled insulin administered at a meal, or within 20 minutes after starting a meal.
I just mr.softee with Ashley, &amp; I don't think I've seen her that excited in awhile.
Vou dormir uma semana p fugir dos meus problemas
I know, let's arrive from SFO, go to a bar, order a drink and proceed to unpack our suitcases and rearrange everything, then repack.
Granola cereal with raisins and almonds gotta be gods gift to earth
That's my nigga. Bum ass airbender
Bow wow would never be respected as a man
hotter than the pits of Satan's balls but still need to sleep with a blanket on
It's show time!!
Phil of the future. Tbt on Disney is the best
Where is this flight crew? , this is totally unacceptable.
Good luck to everyone taking Chem tomorrow! And remember, the curve is NOT in your favor!
Woke up and decided to work today for an hour Ahaha
you know what's annoying af though.. he wants a girl like 5'9\"+.. like dude wtf we perfect
I also want to see transformers and party in my backyard this weekend.
I'm surrounded by so many interrogating Indians right now I'm going to have a heart attack oh my fuck my life
Im finuh cop me a pair of cute ass pumas... meek mill be lookin to cute in em lol
Still can't get over how cute that guy was at the aquarium :o
I need a couple new phone cases actually lol
me and 's summer bets this year &gt;&gt;&gt;
See the funny thing is, most of the people that hate on my car don't even have one.
Life of the party is literally th best song ever.
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY COME AGAIN ANOTHER DAY
I think for the first time in my life I'm going to make a sign to bring for a concert
Also I am heading home about an hour later than I needed to. Ugh.
You fucking can't do that do you not understand that
Fresh mozzarella melted into sliced bread (both ends)...topped with mortadella &amp; sweet sopressata with a soft scrambled egg center
dark haired girls wearing extremely loose\/faded\/trashed blue jeans and white tops\n\n *swoon*
And what I learned is to never trust a women because they being doing shit that they said that they wouldn't
I am Layin in bed on my phone and a fucking bug just had the nerve to walk across my fucking screen
I have a handful of friends and ton of people I associate myself with
#$avageLife , If You Ask Niggas Will Tell You Im Always Dwn.
\": military vines make me cry for days\"
Is coconut water the world wide signal for \"foreign man\" ?
Nine years with It's been fun, but was the only reason I came aboard. Thank you \"
the lesson: never trust a cab driver ever. Or maybe it's never trust a person ever? Unless you're that person? WHO DRIVES DOWN MARKET!?
I haven't had a good scare in a while
iiiiiii'm speechless (oooohhh) iiiiii'm speeeecchhlesssss (ooohhhh) iiiiiiii you got me speeeecchhlesssss!
Omfg these bum niggas. Asking me questions like it's gone get them my drawls. But If they even knew me...smfh too grown for that.
Music is sanity.\nMusic is love, music is life.
vo pa farmatodo a comprar algo me duele mucho la garganta la puta madre
Costa Rica moving on in penalties.
NOTHING I HATE MORE THAN WHEN SOMEONE TELLS ME THEY'RE GOING TO SLEEP, BUT THEN THEY TWEET.
The guy at the bagel store told me I look extra good. I just realized he has never seen not hungover and looking like I got hit by a car.
If you taken have taken somewhere in your bio .
The Freaky Franchise had himself a game
Great goal, but I was just reminded I'm watching an online feed and behind twitter!
Haven't even got paid yet and already planned where all my money is going
I don't care how insecure you might be. You can never knock me down.
Herh but like joke this Eder boy ....
.I think you'd have to have a mind B4 U can speak yours. Don't blame me 4 Ur inadequacies bro
Today I learned no one wants to give Robin Thicke a hug. They only want to kick his balls.
this shit better hurry the fuck up its 3 about to be fucking am I've had a long day I'm tired asf
Remember those times where i was obsessed with wattpad
Pink and tan Bape Roadstas make my cypher complete.
Lol Girl I Gotta Watch My Back Cause I'm Not Just Anybody
All these bands on me I can't fuckin move
who even says this anymore \"I have a crush on you\"
Tis the season for cut offs
\": Whenever people try to box me out in basketball, I stick my finger up their ass. -LHS\" effective and funny af lol
Its Hella foggy and cold yet we're still going to the beach
you think jigen is bad? you think HAYATO is bad? wait until you remember the 3 year long bright shitposting extravaganza
Why don't you give me some of that
JOEL CAMBELL is putting on a Clinic .Wenger is probably licking his lips at his work rate.
redcarpet preshow awards tonight !
Eggplants hands down the best vegetable aside from pickles but are pickles vegetables? Idk
Pero es que en realidad no era ni para ella ni para ellos (por una vez xD) era para otro trieto xD hahahaha
Hennessy and enimies is one of a mixture
Can't be with someone if you don't trust them..
SO DONE WITH EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING.
Its raining in Redwood City....... is San Jose raining?
Hi, I'm natalie and I'm 5 days sober
.... Zendaya needs to stop with the hair..
Omg it's going to be 90 degrees all day :|
52' Brooklyn's Jean Leveille from distance but its just over the bar! The Italians are looking more goal hungry at the start of the 2nd half
all that dunkin sure as hell ain't helpin u lose weight
Just saw a girl get stuck between the Bart train doors trying to enter last minute. Ooh vicious
\"Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.\" ~
\": what's mine\" bitch. Just kidding. The BGz lol I just never told you bruh. Hahahahahha
sorry I'm not perfect.
You can't go to GNC and spend less than 100 bucks, it just isn't possible
I swear my bitchy attitude towards boys comes from the disgusting things people say to or about me when I'm working
I could fuck you all the timmmmme
You just don't make me happy anymore !! I don't want this if I'm not happy !
i love no homo but its only a matter of time before its time for is holding that gold their to good
I love my co workers and everything but this kids need JESUS
What did i say huh what did i fucking say
Sudden craving for a hoagie
Tinashe really make me wanna beat up some buns...
100\/100 - until next time, go F yourself accounting homework
haven't left for vacation yet and mom already picked out a restaurant called Tequila Mockingbird
Don't text me dry bc I will read and not reply
I love you thank you
Make her feel like a million bucks before someone else does
...and End of the Road is playing
cant even read in silence bc of u stupid BULLFROGS
GoodNight Mention For A Mention For A (Everyone Is Welcome)(All Females Are Welcome)(Basketball Girls Welcome)
I feel like I am the only one who has strong emotional attachment with everything that I break down even if I think of departure.
99.9% of the time my hair is in a braid but why
Eating a burger and fries from for dinner.
apparently a majority of drivers in new York city is elderly Asian woman... shit's hilarious!
I think we all totally underestimate the Power of Bingo &amp; great alcoholic beverages.. \n\n\n
So today I was told I look like , I'm alright with this...but I was dressed like frankenfurter from rocky... ?
Let's goo!!!!! Clint dempsey!!
Woah. Just finished Forgive Me Leonard Peacock and felt that one in my HEART. Really dark and beautiful.
Quietly cheering for while the baby sleeps! What a . Oh and welcome to the gunshow!
I think its crazy how any of us can die at any moment yet we live our lives always planning for the future
Everybody's depressed this summer... It's so fucking funny
Watching style our future apartment right now on Pinterest
22 jump street with the fuckboyz
Once considered a rogue, I was chilling alone but I did have miss medusa, she loud and she leave me stoned
Anyone with a car wanna come save me from this hell hole ? Please.
who wants to come to open gym w me
Drunk off of you tonight\nI'm waiting for the day\nI'm waiting for the day that I can\nFall into you and I
Okay real talk- after this episode Heather is still my favorite
its so hard being here when you dont wanna be here anymore
I keep seeing shooting stars! And its always when I'm pissing.....not sure what the star gods are tryna tell me
Yooooo Palo Alto is one of the greatest films !!!
We about to break some more records today.
Just retweeted something my boss tweeted yesterday
Might as well stay up and watch the sunrise before I go to sleep.
Talking to each other about different topics was good pit our cards out there for each other
I'm hard to love, hard to love, no I don't make it easyyyyy
Sooo what do y'all do for 4th of July in New York?
Oooh! Starting off with the handsome and magnificent Pete Vrinios. Has some awesome stories.
Facts. RT \": I feel like Kaleena is the K. Michelle replacement. \"
Not the same without at camp
That awkward moment when I realize that is eating popcorn kernels LiTERALLy just the kernel ... Not even popped yet.
And she's cute let's be friends
James Woods thinks that Obama pointing over the sneeze guard at Chipotle shows a sense of entitlement. A) Yeah he's the fucking president
se juega el paso a semifinales contra
My barber still aint come!
5. Is that bad?\nYes its bad you idiots
Rave on Friday, and Pride for the weekend. Oh boy oh boy oh boy.
Except for that kick to the nose
Am I wrong for thinking we could be something for real?
That's not the feeling you should get
You ain't that nigga you say you is ..
Watching vine omg I lost it
Y'all better add me on snapchat it's finna get live
I did a satantic ritual in my uncles kkk costume before this tourney
Authenticity is rare ! Do you. Without apology.
I can pull up in a honda civic getting bitches... It's not about the whip it's about the nigga that's up in it
Walking to work I flashed everyone and leaving work a bird pooped on my arm... So that's how my days going
ok I probably need to go to bed or at least leave twitter
Dempsey just schooled that guy in the box. Nasty.
OMG nicki Minaj about to go on and ima cry.
