I don't have friends you're either an acquaintance or you're considered family.
Vegas Strip is my new favorite show
Yo i ain't feeling work today
Dear Amazon Prime Video. It's dumb that you don't work with Chromecast.
Lmao i feel like my summer will just be me cleaning up after everyone until our vacation...... .
BOUGHT MY DIGI TICKET!!!! OMFG IM SCREAMING
Sunday service @ newlifefellowship Jesus + nice stuff = complete life
Why you got an attitude, girl that's everybody dude
That Ghana player should get thrown out for a blow like that. That was clearly on purpose he didn't even try to stop
i lost my word over Amber
nice to meet you but it's more pleasant to eat you.
Lil Wayne gassed Sierra up she probably got dumb hype
What a fucking blast!!!!!!!!
babies really do love to rip ur glasses off ur face
Might look like I care.. But only on camera
We're going to sign off now too! Thanks for all the follows + RTs. Another school year goes down in history.
Hmm I guess I still hate you but I wanna chill
in needs new hours.11:30-5:30?!? Can't stop on the way to work, can stop on the way back from wrk.
It's crazy what the women can do to a man
If u get unfollwed rn its because ur ignorant and I hate you
It's hard to keep track of you falling through the sky, we're half awake in a fake empire, we're half awake in a fake empire
I can't front I'm a lot to handle
Guess not then lol
I always manage to lose weight in Vegas. perfect. I'll take it.
I fucking hate my life so much. Fuck you life. You suck.
Still haven't heard anyone that could beat Jadakiss in a head up rap
wtf was that?
I should just blow up Terrell's phone since he's not answering me
Quick run to In n out for some shakes lmao
Now when is No Love Remix coming out? Cause..
If I was born in the right century I would've made a pretty good pirate
People recently have been commenting on my free spiritness &amp; I kinda just shrug my shoulders. after looking at pics I may have some of that.
Altidore pulled up with what looks like a hamstring injury. Not good.
another game comes down to penalties. the drama!
Have you all seen Highlander recently? I caught five minutes and my brain melted a bit. It's that intense.
Streets run red with burgundy's blood
Follow my girl . She's almost to 100k
I'll stay inside and watch the game
all that shit you were spittin was so unoriginal, but it was you so I was with it
Oh fuck everything fuck you kane
It smells like dookie out here
What an amazing goal! Atmosphere here is indescribable.
This show on netflix is funny lol
my phone still doesn't workkkkkk im finna cry
i am doing absolutely nothing
I be the last one to go to sleep and first one to wake up. Wtf
My roommate listens to Lana Del Rey. We should get along just fine.
Fans reax to US goal = my new favorite thing ever
I need to learn how to forgive and forget.
so rihanna and drake still together or nah?
I seriously just wanna hang out with you!
just went through actual hell
I like and dislike Gucci manes music if that makes any sense lol
The things I see working in downtown sf are often sights no one deserves to see. Ex: 2 people having sex next to our dumpster right now
Why are more black men in jail than in college???
Another great talk (well, Q&amp;A) by John Korty. Lots of interesting insights into filmmaking.
Having a lot of bonding time with grandma rn
Tons of paperwork to do.. Yayyy..
Rt me so I know its real.
The effort you put in shows a lot
Eyeing this girl I work with's Newports fiendishly
Can teach me US history?
a day without watching crimminal minds is a day wasted
Nothing like lighting a fancy candle to make you feel like your apartment is clean.
i need someone that stans za as much as i do
\": are like sour patch kids.. they can be sour and mean... and the next minute they can be sweet and kind.\" True
804\/\/ don't know if this is ayah or wafa
Hey hey crazy lady simmer the fuck down and use your nice voice when you're on the phone with me
I have anger issues on another level. nobody knows how bad they really are lol
Reality just sharkeisha'd my ass ...
\"Joe Biden, the US president is watching.\" IF ONLY
I could never build up a self esteem with someone like you around
I want the rest of my Mac and cheese but it's up a flight of stairs so we obviously have a problem here.
A empezar el informe de lenguaaaa
All I need are Wawa mango smoothies and BBQ chips
toni's convinced i suffer from roid rage.
The horror that is bottle room people though...
Even the emissary ships Scira okay &lt;3
IMA BALL TO THE DAY I FALL
I been lonely lately but is all good .
DEMPSEY IS BAEEEEE
WUTCH YA GUNNA DO WIT THAT BIG FAT BUTT!?
It's not that I can't put you on, it's that, I don't want to. Prove your skill set.
Going home tomorrow and then off on another trip on Wednesday
Just saw a flier where the feature and the Mc are both funnier than the headliner
YESARONI AND CHEESE
it's weird doing things every night and then you stay home and you're like super lonely
This time my earphones did not save my phone :(
Hay mi madre, ella se la esta buscando
Please have faith in my words
Bruh the heats are getting spanked and they told everyone they'd win embarrassing
My heart is soft but my walls are Thick.
Why did Homegirl with the pancake booty have on leggings with \"Berri\" across the but??
109 minutes of straight soccer, this is just crazy...
When someone always knows what too say to make you smile &gt;&gt;
Lol don't mind me coughing up my lungs on this 38
I wanna go to the movies tnn
I'm really feeling a Burlington Island vacation this weekend
The middle of one of the most suspenseful arcs of the show has two flashback fillers in it. FUCK. THIS.
Full House house ayeee
well it's midnight and my dog is viciously barking at the front door... I ain't getting up to look
The term \"spa water\" is pretentious as fuck
Skylar wouldve got a smoooth beat down
Most people who get cosmetic surgery are disappointed with the results, but they look pleasantly surprised
Probably not gonna wake up to shower
2 steps away from buying a Polaroid camera. 2.
San Antonio tiene un problema como equipo y ciudad\/NO son hospitalarios con sus visitas,pela de 20 en adelante\/partidos decisivos.ABUSADORES
\"I'm gonna fuck ur Gf\" I say to myself in the mirror.\n*walks away crying*
The niggas in my hood so thirsty son...like when was the last time you got ya dick wet my nigga like chill tf out! Thirsty ass
Yo I'm waiting on these niggas, they taking mad long but bare w\/ me Hun \n\nI'm on 53rd &amp; Broadway but don't come get me tho
I'm in Sunnyvale right now; it reminds me of Sunnydale hahahah
Lifetime needs to stop producing cheaply movies about buffalo stars. Leave it to the professionals.
City &gt; Keene &gt; 4th of July with my best friends tonight
over summer already where's fall semester
even tho he looks like floop from spy kids
Song song blue
been saying I'm going to bed since like 12:30
My thank you cards say \"You're Welcome\" on them.
\": I just ordered dominos.. you want? Lol\"\n\nLmfaooooooooooo send some over cuz
I want a jumbo choco chip cookie and a big glass of milk. Preferably a warm cookie, but any would do.
Didn't want it to come to this, but it will if it has too
Not being a travel ball player sucks maaaan
I took a quiz that said I'm going to get married \"in two hours\" SAM MILLER MUST BE OUTSIDE MY HOUSE
I need something to make me laugh before I really get upset
Sit down for not believing in your team
my future wife will love my mother. My mother is
Remember thar iced coffee I drank at 8pm. Yeah.
Someone told me they thought I was free. I mean, if free means perpetually tortured. Sure, I'm free.
I might have to get off long island for a weekend
Finna smoke a blunt and watch this movie. GN
The guy that makes the helicopter noise with his mouth in this episode of American Dad is killing me
Hear me now, I'm down on knees and praying though my faith is weak without you
seriously go see it, it was so good
UM NO DEAN? did him dirty!!!
Happy birthday fam you deserve the best in a life. The nicest nigga I know. I'll forever stay fuckin with you Love you Anton
At this point in my life I can honestly say I don't have any regrets
People who say hmu .. Then when I do they never answer what the fuxk ? Bitch shit though
\"One essential ingredient for being an original in the day of copies is courageous vision.\" ~ Charles Swindoll
Looks like I'm working in Coalinga tomorrow. Sick.
Been in oak for 5 mins and already getting too creeped on omfg
My family going away for the weekend, watch me not even sleep here I hate coming home to an empty house at night
Waking up early in the summer is worse than anything.
I don't know how I feel about my grandma having a Facebook.
The only person on teen wolf I would really hate on was Erica
Hard to hear that Greece got knocked out, but I will always appreciate my Greek heritage no matter the outcome
Amanda and Aj are being sooooo weird.
Good girl to the public, but a bad girl for you
My Twitter game is lottery pick material today. Tremendous wingspan.
Row Into my Dm's
look into my eyes,\nit's the only way you'll know\ni'm telling the truth.
YES: Now that's how you start the .
If Blake is grumpy when I get there I'm going right back home to the couch
I just made myself physically ill because I'm that stressed
Shawwty so fine, pussy so fresh ! Dice pineapples I almost lost my mind !
I got 20 on a bottle
Ok now I can go home and watch the game
Fuck her good, make her call me in the morning
\"he doesn't have balls to cum\"
When everyone else is talking 'bout bae and you're just like
I know Donavon is laughing at the coaches right now
Dempsey what a beaut
Someone hike missions peak with me to watch the sunrise
1 mth till Vegas! I def need a vacation..
Land of the free and home of the Whopper
Jozy is overrated anyhow
Train like a Powerlifter, eat like a body builder.
Jhene I dead went to CT for your ass
And then his mack jammed smh RT : ALTIDORE HAD THE MACK LOADED
Sometimes I just sit back and really wish it was the 80s
Robben c'est pas rashtoupolososlosl je sais pas trop quoi
Dammit Chooch, first pitch? Take a pitch, dude.
So what to do on the forth of July in the rain ....
people really know how to take things to the next level of stupidly\/pointlessly obsessive
if my feet had feelings they would be crying right now
And now I'm going to sleep
You could worship the ground a person walks on if they don't want you they just don't right :)
CHRIS IS THE WORST DRIVER IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
I HATE Stiles and Malia together. I HATE it
I HATE LIFE
Keep doin what you doin cus you do it well
Obviously you're an asshole and an idiot.
Like I literally don't care who is offended! Do I make people change things that offend me? No because I have no right to.
At the point were Idgaf anymore .
Summer vacation always makes me feel super lonely
aii we all out to her thing
I basically gave up on tweeting cameron
If anyone ever needs a good laugh just search the hashtag on Instagram
Lol the fact that im driving around Napa rn bc dad too turnt
Jennifer. Weber. Are. You. Coming. Your Christmas. Jonson. Text mom. I. Love you. Paula Mae. Jennings
Bron good. He just made $30 mil in profit for ONE commercial filmed at his private spot. His vacay about to be stupid.
Krayzie Bone bodied that
The only man crush Monday I have is to crush the patriarchy
I'm never going to college with this score
So excited to make my high school scrap book, happy i didn't spend money on a yearbook full of people i dont care about
I don't know what the change should be, if one. Maybe golden goal after 120. But I don't think that's the way a world cup game should end.
there are so many cute boys at this airport
These past today's were hard ..
all I want is a puppy :-(
Who works at a tanning bed I have a important question!!!
I'm really not trying to go back to the mindset that I had this time last year
Maxi dress with converse cause I'm not in the mood for sandals and I'm trying to make my whites the white I want
Sitting at table full of 8th grade boys asking for advice.. Oh boy
If God can't put a stop to homicide and rape then what is he good for? Does it even matter if it exists or not?
I hate holding shit in when all I wanna do is let it out
Happy 70th birthday to the GI bill.
The Outsiders will always be my absolute favorite movie.
35 seconds in and they already scored the first goal!
Relationships are for losers and normal people.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BBQ TODAY WHEN IT STOPS RAINING MESSAGE ME FOR DETAILS
It hasn't hit me that schools over yet
The irony of bring someone happiness tho it brings you pain and suffering.
Formula for the best tweet: \n1. Paper\n2. A desk\n3. An hour to myself \n4. and
I need to get outttttta here
\": Nick Cannon looking like he trying to get a role in roll bounce 2.\"lml
Estados Unidos jamas jugara futbol... Oh shut up, mother fuckers, This is America
had to leave watching the game to go to Church
Me and gia want apps in the worst way
I always ask if he wants to break up.
I deadass just flicked my metro card somewhere. And it's like gone. FUCK.
\": So many talented artist in The Bay\" somone needs to raise the bar tho
Need a foot rub a fruit salad minus melons or cantaloupes &amp;&amp; some dizzznick
If i even want another chance with you I should probably stop
should probably go to bed since i promised my friend id go running at 6 in the morning....
At least the Dodgers lost
I'm cooking the burgers &amp; she asking me about weed.
Thats fucked up how they treat black people
I play songs for Alvaro with my farts
honestly, how can anyone check you out in earnest when you're carrying a bag of dog crap?
Marlins win the Marlins win!! And get back to .500 with the win tonight. The fish were Salty tonight. Lets take tomorrow's game.
Sunburn on your feet is the worst!!
This migraine is not the business right now.
Well since my sisters wanna be bums and sleep in late. Supermarket run to make these kids some brunch. Buncha hungry ass kids
It's nights like these that make me wonder what I'm doing. I'm too independent to feel this dependent for you.
Can you teach me all the sounds of love ?
Don't laugh at my jokes, make a come back that'll keep me shut
Keep cool , play ya part
\"Suarez se comio mas jugadores que Wanda Nara\" jajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
When people become soccer fans because the US is winning. ..
Smh Chief Keef shoulda took his own advice. \"don't end up dead\"
I miss basketball T___T
Tengo mucho que decirte pero lo mejor es el silencio.
It's like everytime I'm not grounded anymore I get grounded again...
When I'm alone I'd rather be with you
Soo who wants too get picked up?
I took the summer out of summer vacation
I'm always the friend that's left out
My go-to rapper is fasholy Cole
Wow. I guess maybe I deserved it.
When I get back to Texas all the homies are getting together and creating a cloud over cstat !
Wtf? Why is everyone in Las Vegas this week? Why you guys no wait until next week?!?!?!
I'm Larry the Lobster at the moment.
Fancy remix on z100 say whaaa
These kids suck at manhunt
If there is a person in your life that hurts you a lot, don't let them keep coming back. They will always hurt you.
if beyonce doesn't win this award somehow, i am giving up
That time all of Portugal's defense ducked from the ball &amp; let in our goal...
Gonna teach myself to do something cool
Ugh, why must twitter change all the time. I like the new way, not the original way.
This world is yours if you time it right
Chillin outside smoking a cig , It feel good I need some tree tho
Listening 2 the Amazingly Beautiful voice of on \"Me. I Am Mariah...The Elusive Chanteuse [Explicit Deluxe Edition] from Target\"
not gonna lie i kind of want to throw up knowing that right now i was supposed to have met by now
It's just going to be a bunch of goals until one of the kickers messes up and misses his shot.
Haha .That was a shady tweet.
Can someone drop me off a demo please
When will people learn that you just can't be jealous on ? You can't change the way of the game. Make the best of it.
so amazing on repeat you deserve so proud
I wish I could throw virtual punches
El movimiento es vida: si no me muevo, me muero.
I forgot I made a crazy ass kanjam shot last night.. If only it was on tape
Ayo! All I see is yayo!
Top Favorite Veteran Actors:\nAl Pacino\nRobert DeNiro\nDenzel Washington\nJohn Travolta\nEddie Murphy\nTom Hanks\n(Not In Any Order)
lil Wayne got some Abercombie &amp; Fitch shit on
it's not that I particularly care for Bosnia, it's just that I can't stand Argentina
\": We live in an era of smart phones and stupid people.\" Im smart
Kindke has this button and on the commercial it shows a white person bet if you actually use it you get some guy who doesn't speak english
People swear I be in school talking to all these niggas lol I want them to come visit me so they can stop believing the lies
I just saw you on with , brilliant and handled with grace! Thank you!
my summer break is 2 months not 3 we end at the end of june and the beginning of september
WHEN I HIT IT, YOU GONN FEEL IT
My eyes are drooping but my fingers keep typing! Keep tweetin till I'm dead yo
i was deadass a cuffing ass shawty
I can't even stand Messi but Im not gunna lie that was a pretty nice goal...
I won't have to hear myself say \"you need to stop talking\" or \"I guess you all want lunch detention\"
Don't know how to feel currently.
Pop punk show was cool tonight nice to see some local talent
\": Brotaku for intellectual ratchet\"\n\nhe wrote this in reference to me~
\": I wish it could go back to how we used to be\"
Tooth pain while fasting is the worst
And this is why I stay in my room when I'm home if not I'd be in jail cuz of your superficial boyfriend
A lot of boys suck but then there's a handful that don't
Only at the gym to admire 's gains
Good to see Teddy Roosevelt made it to the game tonight.
But most of us is going to laguardia lmao
So I guess Jordan never got his ass whooped?
follow me? , maybe one day ?
Listening to music is about to get me deep in my feelings bruh
The reason we want to go on and on is because we live in an impoverished present.\n\nAlan Watts
I've got mushroom clouds for thought bubbles
I keep asking what's for dinner and no one is answering ok
I create a new rule for myself every day.
They could never make me hate you
I am the happiest girl right now :)))))
Girls giving blow jobs did Louis Vuittons, that's whatcha call head over heels.
I miss all the homies :\/
OH: \"then I moved to a neighborhood that doesn't have a name\"
Gut feelings, don't ever ignore them.
I feel like people like depict the category of female rap. The only female that was really relevant was
been sitting in a towel for an hour cause lazy
You know....I was doing alright up until I made eye contact with that carrot cake.
Damn do I miss freshman year of college so much
Can't do anything with my life because broke.
As a child I always thought lighting\/thunder was god taking a picture of the world with flash lol
69-You're a fucking weirdo and you like pickles with mayonnaise on it.
there is no doubt someone very high up is protecting him to be so non chalet! about this very serious issue
Laid up headphones on playing some MyTEAM on 2k14. Mellow night. DM me, text or Kik me; iLegendWingate
had a great game today!
control: is lagging in economic growth; some employers may limit your access to contraceptives prescribed by your doctor.
this guy in my class always has a question to ask. but he be asking the most stupidest questions!!
trying to get it together for Lil Debbie tonight. why's it gotta be Monday though.
Never did these bitches ever pop up on my TL.
Really wanna go short with my hair but idk
I could use a change but I don't know where to begin
I'll vagina kick you so hard
I shouldn't be allowed to online shop
I don't understand why people always have some type of comment about EVERYTHING others do
\": I do research on every person I approach\"
Where's the bread mannn
Someone be up rn with me
but me, I'm still trapped inside my head, it kinda feel like it's a purgatory
Why is the shuttle so warm today. I want ac :(
Im just over here over feeding my fish
I just want someone who wont shut me down when I try to talk. But thats probably next to impossible.
How tf a bug Flys in my eye yo wtfffffff
I mean I want to tell everyone to knock it off but mostly myself.
Crazy Eyes look like Macy Gray and Piper look slick like Katy Perry
my mind is telling me no but my heart is telling me , no . so no
holy shit i spent hella vegas.
Mmmmmm Nick's mom is making coffee and it smells sooo gewwwwwd just too lazy to get up and ask her to make me a cup
When I need answers, accusations what you mean you gon choke ?
covered ALL contraceptives until they were called by rich lawyers in 2012. This isn't about religion, it's about money+politics.
So proud of my daughter! She received 9 awards, passed 4 regents exams and got accepted to the high school of her choice! She is a blessing!
Tengo tanta lija que soy capaz de comerme a mi perro
My job wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't run like shit by awful business owners
Maybe there's not someone out there for everyone. Idk anymore...
whoever decided that graduation was gonna be at 8 am should be fired or poked with a stick cause thats just not okay
Piercings are honestly such a huge responsibility; I feel like I have 7 kids. It's funny how tattoos are way more permanent but less work.
Remember to reconcile the nature of reality in contrast to the way it sounds online. The every waking second between.
all I wanted was a damn blueberry muffin and some orange juice.
I was so unproductive today
im crushin but im not puttin her on my social network
I'm making my parents stay at my sisters so I can finish watching transformers.
i'd rather be with you,\nbut you are not around
Everyone crying about how bad the roads are kinda makes me wanna go out for a drive...\n\nhope your still alive son
i watched the atmosphere segment on Conan about 5 times before i could breathe again
Bored and kinda tired but GTA V and possibly Black Ops II till my body shuts down!
This giants game is killin my dad's mood so much for Father's Day thanks a lot guys
No one gives a fuck
Watching kill it ! Such an amazing example of !
.not really. Ukraine\/Russia share a border, language, kind of, and were one state, totally unlike UK and Germany.
Damn I'm not used to everyone's pedestrian 'being so nice' thing they do here in California but I can get used to it
Oh shit! Ginobli?
Tomorrow is my last day of school. It's about time
That's team work! Not Lebron work! Lol lol lol
Making Homemade Chicken Stock! I've been so environmentally friendly as of late: huge garden, composting, and more. I feel so grown up.
\"Thank you!\" - me, brightly, audibly. \"You suck.\" - me, annoyed, under my breath.
&amp; I was always last lmao all the pressure was on me
COMMON SOCIAL GATHERING THAT IS INVITE ONLY AT THE VANSCHOICKS !!!!!!!
It's tough to want something that's just in reach, but never actually getting it, isn't it?
I saw the new movie today. It was great, but I think it inception'd the audience.
the drive I have to make right now is longer than hours of sleep I got last night
Il dizionario bolognese stasera dice che: SIAMO STATE IMPEZZATE.\n
I'm, I don't want to seem pretentious, but I hated soccer WAYYYY before the World Cup
Oh god she's probably reading this right now
I hate when surf classes are on the water. they're the reason why I find exclusive spots.
My whole hip is bruised ..WTf
Okay, I may need to change my original opinion... Soccer, or football, is quite exciting... Sometimes
i get into so many \"fights\" on twitter lmao
finding out the same annoying junior keeps tryna talk to not only me but other soph girls too. leave us alone gdi
Over under how many times lebron flops tonight? Or complains to the refs?
Every summer i waste all my time watching documentaries
Nice to see The Legend on the TOC course today. The Langer.....
Whos tryna get spanked in fifa real quick? Xbox. Madinho80 add me
Those times when you already said -you're going to sleep BUT mind runs on speed 3km per h
i wanna hold it down with you but...idk
\"Li pa koutew anyen pou souri, oumet fe yon ti souri,yon ti ri, mka baw yon tikal coeur kontan nan sam genyen an.\"
There is a guy doing bad karaoke in the subway station. He has a mic and everything
sounds like y'all had a ball :P
Shit time to just get off twitter \nAnd keep this in my head where everything else is locked away
Pretty sure I over dosed on vitamins
There are all types of love in this world. But never the same love twice
waiting for the \"USA USA USA\" tweets
I'm really gonna miss this passing for 21 everywhere you go feeling
Passed my chem regents with a 65
I'm amazed when someone talks about something I posted online years ago. I'm actually really flattered and horrified. :D
Because good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught
After putting the dye on my hair, I realized it was blue-black instead of just black.
chapters opening in Pacific northwest, Ireland, Japan
I feel awkward talking to new people bc I really care what they have to say. I try to learn everyone's story.
I hate wearing a bra
It's a good day when Big Brother starts again
Listen I just want to pass this stupid regents ok?
When's the porn parody coming?
Beat a bitch like Hilary swank!
Let's go don't stop! Kick them while they are down!!
Bruhh stop with all this little drama bullshit like seriously grow up
And FOH would still be on the court playing
What will end first: or the ?
I don't dance || Lee Brice
The problem with always telling the truth, is that not everyone is ready to hear it.
Damn come on Red Sox u would let them tie game da fuck
Only good thing that ever came from Argentina is Manu Ginobli
Digging the US's uniforms.
Cold beer tastes so much better after a long day
Danboard cosplay looks so damn easy but what the actual fuck am I doing.
slide in my snapchats so i can send you pics of me sitting here doing nothing (sweezyfbabyy)
Since when can ginobli bang on people
\"I don't care what the style is, no one pushing 40 should be wearing hi-tops.\"
Phoenix Wrong: Disbarred Attorney
Tonight on Wheel of Fortune: Sit Back And Enjoy The --ight
Raining on the Fourth of July?? This isn't the America I remember.
\": don't hate\" lmfao im sorry!
At least Sokratis Papastathopoulos will make it to his wedding lol
My birthday is July 11th, got work until 7. Hmmm to go see dawn of the planet of the apes? I think so.
Unzip the Bag, dip in my hands.\n Then I Palm Trees.
Taking a nap was not a good idea, I need to wake the fuck up
WHHHAATT A FUCCKINNN GOOOALLL LESSGOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!
every dude needs to have something with a hot blonde at one point in their life
Are you ready for the ? Don't miss our carnival event tomorrow! Food, games, music, and cars! Only at in Inwood!
Michael Beasley is clearly the guy who's gonna go to the club after this
All the females love me, cus I'm the fucking GOD!
Listening to drake with yung Rwanda
So I get to write any info on an index card to use on my chem final and I don't even know wtf to write... Tru
Someone get pick up his ankles cuh.
Note to self: never wear cutlets on your boobs ever again in 90 degree weather. THEY WILL SLIP OFF
Germany game at Country Inn with the boys LETS GO GERMANY
Way to set the tone
last year when i got dumped i was so upset i stopped doing my eyebrows for a good two weeks and that doesn't make any sense i know
Would rather be solid and athletic vs being an uncoordinated meathead
If companies are people, will they start paying taxes now, too?
This chick is seriously choosing her food obsession over the health of her unborn child. Disgusting.
I can't take this anymore I'm dying
Reckless Shit Tonight
great night with
How to make breakfast the truly American way: Wake up at 12, call it breakfast, fry an egg and a lb of bacon, put it on a burger. Happy 4th
All Nations thing tun up later. ..Joan birthday sell off
2 A's &amp; one B! Success for my spring quarter!
Way to much is changing to quick
every rt lets my girl know i miss her. help max out.
I won those Brad Paisley tickets but two problems it's lawn seating and I hate the lawn and our 4th of July party might be on Saturday...
I don't care what yall say I will forever be here for Cassie. I love her
They're kicking off this tour in CT I am HYPED.
Messi is majestic as fuck... And strangely reminds me of Rob Dyrdek
Nothing like going to sleep feeling sad and disappointed
no but forreal you're gunna be at vidcon?
Be really jealous people Anthony Ramos just followed me on Twitter, oh yes he did !
I remember during graduation the guy sitting next to me asked if I've ever tried pussy before..
i seriously don't even know i always try he's never gonna notice me he has 2.4M followers
i'm so fed up with everything
i swear. you kill ONE soccer guy and people will just NOT let you forget it
SONYA GOINS FROM CHANNEL 12 NEWS JUST LIKED MY TWEET LMFAO
Wtf no frees because of an 84 in math
she said I came out three shades darker
Where the fuck is the rest of the team
Got my shit wrecked during 's set. It was fucking awesome.
Does anyone want to do anything today?
Is it bad that I hear my dad snoring up in his room from downstairs?
senior pictures came out like shit
\"Si quieres conocer el pasado mira el presente que es su resultado. Si quieres conocer el futuro, mira el presente que es su causa\"
Thankfully has wifi on their trains so I can somehow catch the game tonight.
I could be your sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare.
Who wants tickets to Sunnery James and Ryan Marciano August 9th
I'm just not going to bother making plans anymore
I am on a roll today
USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!!
debating if I should re-watch freaks and geeks or go get a life
Did we just lose our second of 3 beat players? deuce nose gotta be broken.
i just want to be happy again
We can always rewind time when i had bitches crying im sleep tho
I can be sexual at night, so I'm sorry in advance
Bosno moja mila i divna
There are so many stars out tonight
Watching videos from last night makes me sad and I just want to go back.
Just went to Burger King got French fries 2applepies and a Hershey's pie. Now at mcdonalds gettin mcflurys and hash browns
Im gonna turn off electronic devices for a week I need a break
Cool don't come idc anymore.
a line in glee was literally \"i can't talk to your mom, i don't know spanish\" wow lets continue to perpetuate racism that's chill
Leave a girl alone I'm bored
Ass so fat, needa lap dance
Nothing is more unattractive than people who front like they don't care about anything... If you value something you should care about it
And by the looks of it I'm not going to have a car any time soon because Jeff just had a baby, awesome.
Someone come save me from hole 4. I'm freezing. And can't stand the smell of these crab cakes anymore and also I really have to pee.
tired of being put in a shitty mood
Fran said he loves me back for the first time ever.
Mad and I need something to do plz
So happy Frankie won HOH!! Cant wait to see what showmances start..
OMGG Yo that lightening just scared the shit outta me not even gonna front
Well it was nice knowing you all
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love
i love when i find extra nuggage in old nug jugs. its not even that dry either.
US MOTHERFUCKIN A
I'll trade a joke for a smoke
I wanna tan, pool and red mango it tonight along with a sleepover
Let's see what Brandon Workman is all about
he's a pain in the ass I swear
everything I need will come to me when the time is right
Ok so I'm sandwiched in between 2 stupid bitches that want to have a conversation next to me!
Costa Rica better kick Netherlands' ass next Saturday.
I've yet to see the giants win in person. I'm starting to believe I'm bad luck.
Hi I'm Hannah and I'm your drunk babysitter for the evening
En mi hombro hay un diablito que me agobia
Be slow to anger it'll cause less stress
This dude needs to stop cursing in front of his mom
Weezy performing a rock music on BET \"HIP HOP\" awards
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN!!!
Metal gear solid is the best video game series in my opinion
Yay half of the major services now have makefiles and can run tests! Now to have all those tests pass and run in CI!
If Transformers were real, I want Bumble Bee. Idgaf that autobot is my homie.
For the rest of my homies watching Teen Wolf at 10 y'all are in for a treat
tbh ill miss my eighth grade crew more than anything. good luck and don't screw up :))) you're the illest yo
I feel Brandon's pain. My being talented pianist and all.
Can everyone chill the hell out about ansel elgort and hop aboard the literally-anyone-else train.
Say it with your fucking chest.
It'd be cool if we could keep possession of the ball for more than 3 seconds
turned off my AC just to hear the rain and thunder
This is America and we do American things like kick communist ass
Wolfenstein scares me because if the Nazis won WW2 I wouldnt be alive.
Does Cena have a crap fetish?
all these thoughts in my head , making my head hurt ..
Happy Birthday to the super-awesome !
Be your own little shitty person in your own little shitty fucked up world
I just scared my dog so bad but it was worth it
From me to everyone. FUCK the BET awards.
CMON WE CAN DO THIS!!!! WE REALLY CAN
\": As soon as I nut I come to my senses.\" RTRT
Emma and fve just wanna have an orgy
looking at you through the glass dont know how much time has passed oh god, it feel like 4ever but no 1 ever tells you 4ever feels like home
Julia just broke one of my nails
. I'm holding court in the B2 hallway between the two escalators. Good to see so many people.
the allows me to see an abundant amount of men, from other countries, w\/sculpted facial hair and gelled faux hawks.
Senior weeks are gonna pop offfff
And although my eyes were open\nThey might just as well been closed
I really love 2am it reminds me of prom night me and daddy had so much fun lol
Just got in a huge argument with my mom because she said Shia LaBeouf is ugly.....
Trivia = me agreeing to everyone else's guesses
I swear i hate how my little niece put everything on ig like dude stop!
This is such a cute lil city ...
I hope when I'm 40 I don't still pout like a baby when I don't get my way
Gonna have to hit up mexican acrobats.. lol
4th of July with British friends.\nShould be interesting tonight
Where trent at ? Lol i miss my pooh butt .
Looking back at a situation I realized that I don't really care and it is what it is.
I'm such a mixture of emotions like I don't even know what to do with myself right now.
YO BENA AND HER DAD ARE THE REAL MVP
Lol that's ok don't include me but next time when you ask why I don't hang with you don't talk shit
You know your vneck's too low when it goes off the tv screen
Malik walked up to this girl working at the counter in this clothing store and was like \"Excuse me ma'am, do you have any sluts?\" Wtf lmao
IM putting weight on like i have several times bulking..this week i need a solid 5lbs= 7-8lbs.
update: max brandell plans on making a twitter just to say fuck you to alyssa &amp; i
Lost track of time and just got off work. But at least I accomplished a lot!
why does the color of someone's skin matter so much? i will never ever understand this idea
Why are Filipino men handsome as hell?
Never let a girl go to bed mad. I promise, you'll regret it in the morning.
I feel like it would be super chill meeting Shawn Mendes because he is like the chillest dude ever
He doesn't want to go to sleep.
No power at the camp. Could put a pamper on our party.
Yawn work sucks
I hate this town it so washed up, &amp; all my friends am don't give a fuuuccckk
KNBR gonna be extra juicy today
Argentina should score one more time just to prove dominance.
8.5 hours. Exactly how long the process of buying a new car takes.
\": And possibly \"wanna be\" by the spice girls...\" OMG, thats gonna be hot... hahah cant wait for that.
I have the most randomest bruises
Lol if the Knicks let Melo walk by refusing to offer him the max, yall gonna bitch, if Melo stays for the max, Ya still gonna bitch LOL
Listening to sad music in a room full of balloons.
The Wonder Years is the only band I can relate to RN and god damn, thanks so much. All the tough and hard shit in life RN, thanks TWY
I trip cuz I can
how am I supposed 2 listen to barely legal without crying now bc it hasn't worked once
that was a scary dream
You cant be ratchet &amp; respectable
So last night I did 5 push-ups for every bite of my sub I took and you can imagine how many I had to do total.. My back is destroyed haha
Glad we're on good terms now.
Forgot all my bathing suits at home.
\"Wait but it can't be lightning because it's not raining\"
Just want to be happy nothing more nothing less
Un placer tenerte en mi cama
David Villas back heel takes the cake so far. Insignificant game, but....
I've blocked Joe before just to get a point across\/as an empty threat but this time it's for real he's never catching the unblock.
I miss high school football a lot
Twitter is a $23 billion dollar company where people can talk to other people about the World Cup
Fuel is pumping engines, running hard, loose, and clean
Back in queens time to work
I think flirting I cute but idk how to lmao
I have never even talked to you.. idgi
2 12's in the back seat\nPass somebodys kids and they yellin\n\"that's me\"
I AM LOSING MY VOICE BUT ITS SO WORTH ITTTTT!
The bags under my eyes are awful
Bishhh caught a body about a week ago !
Date night at the wine bar. Yessssss!
don't let others dictate your lives.
From this day forward, I will eat breakfast every single morning.
Everything is different the 2nd time around.
I'm not perfect, but I swear I'm perfect for you. There's no guarantee that this will be easy &lt;3
Earnings obtained by soccer players, exclusively related to prizes paid by during the are income tax exempt in Brazil.
Going to Tanger who wants to come??
Like nigga I just saw you delete the text
I still yet to be to a BWW
Why did I stop doing drugs?
I kinda want to move to Santa Cruz now
\"She swallowed my dick like it was dinner\" -
GOALLLLL!!!!!! USA USA USA!!!
they're never around when you need them!
Who down to kick it ?? Get lit and wasted and shit
What's going on? Oh nothing, just stupid motherfuckers being stupid motherfuckers.
HAHA THE WAR OF POUTINE -
Knowing that I'm going to college with Fatou makes me not feel safe
extremly love that i have all my muscle back and im back to weighing 109 instead of 100
What's a good woman now a days...
Just overheard my mom telling my family how she goes hard in the paint..
Writing makes me want to live for a very long time in an abled body. I want to grow and I want all my stories out.
I hate getting too close to people, because when I thought they would always be there for me, they eventually leave.
Going to see anna wish her luck
If I had a 7'7 wingspan, my arms would drag on the ground
Subbing RVP down a goal? What?
\"There might be about 3 guys that are more attractive than I am\" -Keith
summer diet: smoothie and naked BBQ lays
That was class dribbling from dempsey
I'm in such a bad fucking mood it's ridiculous
\"Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction\"
I hope I'm a milf someday.
Ummm yeah, so I have no idea ...
Tell her see can call on Tyrone
&amp; a restroom break too lol
hahahahaha chief kerf is the reason i catch no feelins thwt shit b
I spit it Through the Wire!
is still going! Still need to practice ukulele more so I can bring it out and perform comfortably in front of others.
Did you know farting reduces high blood pressure?
Just got an email saying we need to confirm our twitter account haha
I'm always the first one here. Fuck.
Oops... hope I don't get in trouble for coming home late
Glantz: impt to find where is the accountability with the VA. \"We all know bad things will happen in healthcare.\"
Tonight I hope the Heat win... This final must be decided on game 7 again.
Just tryna chilllllll and watch a movie
Bitches do anything for attention ANYTHING!
Why is it hotter than the pits of hell in the port authority connection from times sq?
Im in a pissy mood.\n I need to stop tweeting for today
The girls in different states n shit really dont matter for shit\nWen the fuck ima see you??\nsk skrt
would be a reality check for you guys lmao
i get really happy when i get to talk to you (:
Oh yeaaaah. Wimbledon is on. It's been so totally eclipsed by World Cup.
Actually I just want cool hair. I'm so bored with mine.
Charlize Theron is the ultimate babe holy cow
My lifelong dream is to live in Jurassic Park.
Should be no blood no card
10 FUCKING PENALTY KICKS! I ALMOST SHIT MYSELF
even the street names are pretty -by-the-sea
When a family member un follows you on instagram
.We'll won't get good intel nor instill appropriate fear in them. SO why bother?
First week of summer and im already worn out
Who would have that I would have to go to Arizona to see my grandpa and Flordia to see me grandma, crazy
Think I'm rooting for the heat tonight. Solely because I'm not ready for the nba season to be over yet
Shit got me feelin pinned down
You're addicted to superficial love; really -pursue something real.
I just love it when people ask for advice and then reject every solution you could possibly come up with.
Does Dakota not get that my butt is not big and her is omfg
I wish I had an uncle Jesse
Good morning, 7am Acela. Going to be a beautiful day.
Legit so difficult trying to brush beach hair
Fuck you. Fuck you very very muuuch.
Fuck walking up this early -.-
sabes si boy a poder adoptar a isis y brandon ? Muchisimas gracias
Nigga pharrell LYING. Lil Wayne is trashhhhh.
Gonna do the ice challenge when I get to Reno
I can't wait to be reunited with my SJ fam.
Dip-n-Dots sound so good right now.
\"Making Memories of Us\" by is such a great song, love the lyrics! One of my favorites by him.
Bae is back
Just started listening to and I can't stop crying. It's just so beautiful!
Happy G'day Bruh!
Eliminating beliefs nd biases nd replacing them with data to that end any decision on Suarez will be based on data such as his ..(contd)
I'm too fucking scared to sit anywhere in my fucking house because there's so many fucking spiders fml
The sun drained the shit outta me today
Without having to write it down during school, I never have a clue what the date is anymore
Back in America. Get me a burrito, stat!
My favorite cornerback would probably be Charles Woodson
How can you not be bored of seeing the same people and doing the same thing every single day
Looking for someone to start a family with hmu with plans
Proud to say Maddy and I are Ann Perkins and Leslie Knope.
These seatbelts are optional...I'm beginning to think it should be a necessity with this dude driving
C'man man it's a bloody nose you're good
USA FUCK Yeaaaaa!!!!!!
Yes!!! Get in Navas! Great save!!!
Upset because won't let me work in his fields
Think i love the thought of you more than i love your presence!
I miss the first 3 minutes and I've already missed a GOOOOOOOOAL! Dempsey!!!
Transformers 4 is so bad I am tweeting in the theater to let you know.
GOING TO SLEEP, BUT SOMEBODY JUST GIVE ME A GOOD MORNING TEXT THAT CAN MAKE ME SMILE SJDUDUD 917 893 2782 :3
I just watched a video of a dad who took his 3-4 year old daughter on a \"date\" and can not stop sobbing.
Drizzling outside I wish it would clear up
maybe that's exactly why we're never home
I could get use to this.
Lol jorge keeps asking me if I wanna smoke, but no.
Feeling some type of way and it's almost my birthday
\": Did she just say she need a boyfriend ? Pause\" heard wrong lol !
LMFAO MY BROTHER JUST SAID TO MY MOM \"I'm not a virgin\" LMAOO HE DOESNT KNOW WHAT IT MEANS
Day one of no meat. As a gallo, this is going to be troubling
finding an apartment is stressful
im walking out of work and someone drove by and screamed \"YOURE THE LOVE OF MY LIFE I LOVE YOU\" out their window hahahahah wtffffff
I've met some of the greatest people ever I swear
Thinking about starting program but I hate running. I'd rather walk an hour then run 1 mile. Is this a good way to start?
USA, USA, USA \nHere we go!
Can't believe that this night ended so perfectly
this burn scar on my palm is so cool. i hope it stays forever.
Watching Parent of the Year smoke a joint in parking lot while kids 5 &amp; 7 wait outside car.
I love you and your prices.
Honestly I just have to say I appriceciate you so much
Wait but tomorrow is my first day of my work of my entire life....never thought I'd see the day
From now on, just don't believe in one word I say! Please.
Patience may be a virture but life is too short to wait for long... !
I think Jocelyn was only being nice to me to come to my party and now she don't know me
I hate her
Don't expect me to be there when I needed you to be there you ignored it
Last hr is always the longest!
That's why you STRETCH before a workout.... and that definitely wasn't a LaCramp
okay I just need the draft now
But then again I'm supeerrrr tired
Let phase 2 commence. We're off to Ireland!
Fuck the kids who asked questions in physics about space and the difference it would cause for certain laws.
Ima go to school tomorrow to drop some papers then im out
Well I just took a 5 hour nap...guess I'm not sleeping any time tonight.
Jojo is oh dee'ing right now
really want to watch new nightmare
Does anyone have a place with air conditioning that I can stay at for- I dunno... THE WHOLE SUMMER.
74' NYAC awarded a Freekick just outside the box but it sails wide of the goal
Never let your pride make you miss out on an opportunity
Enough small talk, tell me how you really feel.
Quit fucking nagging me shut up shut up SHUT UP
Do you know how fucking rude it is to point your fucking fingers in someone's face?
\"I ate fun size twix til it wasn't fun anymore.\" -
Matt Tambe broke my heart.... AYEEEE
HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON IN GAME OF THRONES LIKE FUCK
I at least clean 3 times a day, because of these kids -.-
Just got in a rap battle with my dog
USA USA USA!!
lol just got home from work
Sostengo Sostengo ma non le zie SenzaCarattere Io disprezzo quello che stanno facendo
Talk about a perfect father's day: son's doubleheader, daughter's soccer game, family BBQ, son's hoops game .
\"Draft day, A. Wiggins.\nFuck that other side bitch we stay winnin\"
Id give it all for some peace of mind. Don't just dreams
I heard your goth
To all of you die hard \"Kobe\" fans remeber thathe has as many finals mvps as lebron
You want everyone to go to your party but your not letting certain people in? That's just messed up.
Like, it would be funny if it wasn't coming from you. So thanks for that.
And yes, to a ton of people. It's not making a difference!
Yeah nigga it better be bow wow
8 of your past 9 pictures are of you and your girl you annoying sack of shit she ain't even pretty
I would do anything for you to just stay her forever .
got used to see her cryin
No, Michelle. I do not want to do drugs with you. I want some frickin' macaronie and cheese and for there to be another season of HIMYM.
I don't even really like clubs and parties, I'm way more into a conversation over a good meal
Mad I was frozen half way threw k jones b2b ookay at edclv smh
Your employers religious beliefs&gt; Yours. Nice work, SCOTUS.
Then gon say since i got dreadz im basic lol like ill take that i am basic fo havin black dreadz but im far from bein like the next nigga
Even tho I can't forget you, I really want tooo
If you hurt someone you shouldn't wait around for them to approach you! You should directly approach them no matter what
The Sandlot comes on and I'm instantly in a better mood
I'm boutta get my mangu bible out and preach
This is hella exciting
Y estas mujeres no llegan :(
We got a new intern at work today. He use to be a elementary school teacher. Now I'm teaching him. Lol
This evenings rage sponsored by Mission hipsters on very loud junker motorbikes revving in front of my house.
forever wishing i could get up in front of people and sing~
All I want to do tonight is run around an open field and stare at the stars
\": What happened when the butcher backed into his meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.\"
Why do i have work today? Its the 4th of july, wont everyone be barbecuing?
Only god knows how bored I am right now
Going to mcdonalds while I have to fit in a tiny dress tomorrow
dont matter what table you're at, as long as your eatin.
Ok, me levanto &amp; veo mi cuerpo lleno de alergia :(
Oitnb all night because I need to focus on something else.
Can't wait to leave this weekend and not have any service
You ruin everything
The game of bang is a very good one indeed.
Keep calling the Spurs old yet they thumping the Heat
This is probably too late and I don't have a chance but
Soccer takes a lot of skill lol yeah anyone could play but doesn't mean they are good lol
Ive been watching musicals on Netflix all day &amp; no fucks have been given
I think someone in this bar just fainted
I'm listening to AM and talking about soccer players.... I'm not okay
I just died
\"He was warm like a teddy bear and smelled like heaven. He's a god\"
Lebron is crying
wish i was waking up to my hs alarm clock life was so much easier. even if it didn't feel like it. Life after college is just something else
Now I watch mma because its real lol
JULY 15TH COLE WOLRD
Eventually you pay for no possession
I have a mindblowing thought once per every non-sober night and then I forget it within a half hour.
I hate half of my fucking friends honestly
Every time I think about the ghana game I get butterflies cuz i don't know what's gonna happen.
San Francisco is colder than I expected, it definitely was not a good idea to ride an open top bus across the Golden Gate Bridge
After all those GoT fireballs I was waiting for the end credits to say \"directed by Michael Bay.\"
Has anyone seen D-wade lately? Seriously, what a disappointment.
You drug dealers ain't G's, y'all are disgusting. Killing your own people &amp; we already set up to lose!
my tl is all USA I love it
i am such an asshole i swear
I throw out likes on insta like it's my day job
Some idiot froze all the tortillas
Got stuck at a red light next to sammy from jersey shore nbd
Off the post. Beautiful
Can't say I'm a huge soccer fan, but I'm really enjoying watching the Costa Rica-Greece game in the hotel lounge. Good stuff
Pittsford Stormers shoot ca Cassie Staino has hands of steel and saves another one!
What the hell has been going on with me in the past two days...
You know you've hit rock bottom when u just start eating whipped cream in a bowl at work
I always complain about being tired but I stay up late anyways.
THIS IS THE BEST CONCERT WE HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!!!
Megan left me in her car w no AC like a dog
Zuko bout to fuck shit up
those cans of Yoohoo weird me out like. that is milk in a can. u are drinking milk out of a can right now.
You can't live if you're afraid to die mother fucker -Joey bentz
Really debating on camping with the guys this weekend
My mom is making breakfast burritos for dinner
Ion curr my taste in music is A1
Sure would have been a good spot to have Landon Donovan on the team...,
I hate when someone makes people feel bad for talking about something that makes them happy
I smoked away my brain, I think I'm goin dumb, cocaine up on my gums, I think they goin numb
they always take selcas together calm down
If they pick please let it be Dal Colle...
I'm about to sleep naked cause it's hot as hell in my room and no one wants to turn on the fucking AC man
I was lost and depressed from truth
That hurt a lot more that I thought it would.
All I wanna do right now is listen to music and get lost in my thoughts
...this shit is going down...im struggling hard to make this shit happen...
iOS 8 should've put a Location Services toggle button on Notification Center. Hopefully, someone makes a widget for the same.
I'VE NEVER LOVED A SPUR MORE IN MY LIFE LET'S GO USA CLINT DEMPSEY
These Ramona curvy roads are crazy
Loved the moment just had with -- idk Fella's Roman may walk away a champ
Sucks to suck if you have to take the chem regents tomorrow
Yeah the drums they swing low, and the trumpets they gooooooo
Few people in this world that truly understand what goes on in my mind. If you meet one, send them to me because I have no idea.
Hate sayn bye and shit
Show no pitty like Jesse James
Cool date idea: come over and we can take a really long nap
Convincing John to do something bad is as easy as saying YOLO.
I'm trying to study so hard right now.
Live fast die young ,and leave a beautiful corpse
If I'm Billy Beane I'd give up Straily, Russell and Johnson for Price! Only if he resigns!
The spurs are so damn good
Good luck to everyone entering the nba draft
Got your girlfriend at my crib watching netflix
Singers who dance at the same time are corny to me.
Oh wow I got 88 likes today
Everyone is a victim in this game we call life.
Who's kid is this and get him out of room.
Im so lookong forward to the this sunday!! And then 2 more weeks till I see WWE live!!
Tweet about your bitch nobody care about
Buying tfios tonight im sorry i must hop on the bandwagon
why is it so hard to find a date for a fucking wedding omg
The thing about you that caught my eye, is the same thing that makes me change my mind
Go. USA. American captain !!
To go to Mac or to not go to Mac....
Everyone chases love but in the end when you lose it it leaves you cold. Why would anyone want to chase that.
I will kidnap you then raise you and return you to your family to bury you. Sincerely...
Ima have to get used to the fact that you or your opinions are not a big roll in my life anymore ..
I love seeing motorcyclists do their weird secret gestures at each other
What's good for the US game tomorrow though
Wtf reply to my last tweet people
Take this away. I am incompatible with the human emotions.
Last thing i need right now is another modded lobby
\": I was thinking the same thing. He fails to make adjustments at the plate and can't hit a good fastball. Use him for\"
\"Life begins where fear ends\" -Osho
The thought of being alone for awhile &lt;&lt;
I just never know what I want literally ever
I could live without you baby
WWE network comes in so clutch at these hours.
There is both beauty and ugliness all around us but we decide what we want to see
yea im losin it, yea u know just where to find me
swimming, eating ice cream sandwiches, and watching the bachelorette with
I need a good movie to watch on netflix
In 44 minutes I have a high tide. I'll be 28 inches higher than my average level. That's quite low.
My always sleeps on the floor when half my bed is open
Buy me the soundtrack and I'll love you forever
I'm African. I judge you by your conversation. Not by your shade.
Awesome zip lines over the Pinot Noir vines . Beautiful property!
Juicy J the OG though..... Since Three 6 Mafia
Yet. Need to put yet after that last tweet.
Adding \"girl kisser (recent)\" to my LinkedIn profile.
So I walked up to the window and starting beating her up haha
Asian men are nasty. They love that piggy lipstick porn.
I hope I move to Tracy soon I can't stand living like this
At Carnegie Hall for Kazakhstan National folk music\/choir concert.
Gooooallaaaaaa! USA winnnnnnn
Lil tip never eat checkers and the nerds slushee from sonic at the same time makes you vom
I'm thinking a US win today?
That was a smooth as kick lol
Mexico deserved that win that last penalty was not a penalty Arjen Robben clearly dove.. Smh
That goal was beautiful
Devin on his 4th alliance...waking up Caleb. Love this girl Christine. This is hilarious. Derrick is astonished.
condemns to a combined total of 24 years in prison. &amp; yet the will send money &amp;
The amount of times I get work emails with \"lol\" in them is crazy
Beyonce didn't win ? Im done with life.
I'm nervous about the world of dating apps... But how else do people in our generation find people to do sex with?!
People bash greyhound and megabus like they ass fly first class. smh
Watching Ridiculousness and this Rif Raf guy is actually hilarious lmao
*anywhere except work.
This pre show so damn sloopy
En mi mente abra otras mil cosas pero mas estas tu&lt;3
Ghana tiene ganas
colt 45 and two zig zags
How does Drake make such amazing music??? I don't understand. Like he doesn't have one bad song. Like that isn't humanly possible....
you a woulda coulda shoulda ass hoe
Jermaine Jones Junior!!!!!!!!!!!!! CRACKER!
I'm so grateful for everything.
20 retweets and ill push in front of a train.
Mimi is sooo dumb , you can tell Nikko exposed her ass to make money . That's ode
Is camp a sofa bc its sofaking soon
Man I wanted Greece to win so I can celebrate when I'm actually there
July 4th might not meet me in Brooklyn
11 earned runs in his last 10 innings, then he comes to CBP and he's Cy Young
Just a quick FAQ for couples and singles awake right now....\n\nHow would you feel if your GF\/BF Told you you need to \"learn your place\"?
Can somebody play defense?
- ' ME Eh ENAMORAO' Mil Veses Mil Veses Es Un FracasooO'
How does anyone take me seriously? I look like I'm still in middle school and I'm hella annoying. Yay.
The niggas out here are wildin someone just yelled \"Yo let me get some neck\"
Jason Kidd ur such as tool, u only coached for one season. And let be honest the nets would have made the playoff with no coach.....
\": JUSTIN BIEBER, I WANT NEW MUSIC\"
Sold out arenas u could suck my penis
This store around my way lost their jordan account cause they used to double the price and release them weeks early. Lesson to all.
There's no trees around my way just row houses
gotta go home &amp; study after work
Up all night to watch Netflix
I am not certain of the outcome, but this effort is the best I have seen them play...ever.
Ugh this is not fair I would like to hear the thunder please
That looks like it hurt
Who wants to hang for a bit?
How do you compare me to anyone at ?
I have Netherlands in the finale...
about to go streaking with my bestfriend mad fcking hef
Nobody can be more straight up than yourself.
I keep having the same nightmare over and over where I'm morbidly obese and eating pastry after pastry.
Time crawls by in the office on a Friday.
Woohoo! I got to ask a question about his CBS show!
Oh fuck yeah!!! Goooooaaaal !!!!! 1-0
Oh fuck yeah!!! Goooooaaaal !!!!! 1-1
4hrs of sleep. Zzzzzzz
Go all!!!!!!!!! Go all!! Goalll
Thank u 4 the fab highlight in today's Arts Section for Jazz Fest.My Amtrak train is full of jazz Fest goers!
Thought I knew you for a minute but I don't anymore.
I'm srsly such an asshole to people sometimes
are you in a twerk team with girls on vine??
I think ima Just workout till im tired
Bobbi not a thot lowkey nomore. Just out there in them streets.
it's still June 25 where Iive so it not ari's birthday yet lol
That was a good round of PKS
Or maybe places to escape, oh and everybody knows this is the part
Dante exum best player in the draft
THATS HOW WE DOO. FUCKK YES
MESSI MESSI MESSI
i think they should make alcohol, nicotine, and caffeine illegal ... ill make a killin
Gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll
i love an individual with an education, who can have fun but also have appropriate manners at the right time.
. What makes me want to throw up is that Kombayashi wont be allowed to compete.
I hate accepting apologies
A Millionare's first love is the movie that will forever kill me.
I really cannot be completely mad at my boyfriend for more than an hour it's embarrassing
If I can't laugh with you , don't be my friend
All I want for Christmas is my Pyrex
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you couldn't do.
Feeling a little extra sketchy this morning
If you ask me im READY
Missed free kick ....
I need more memory in my hard drive. This 60 GB of music is going to turn into 100 GB soon.
cooling breaks...is it going to turn into an american football style broadcast\/ ads in Qatar
Fuck switching to Verizon tomorrow I'm fucked I missed like 5 hells kitchens
And I literally didn't regret it at all.
People who ride motorcycles or any type of loud car are easily the most annoying people on this planet
I'm going to tweet you all night but the one girl who tweets you once gets the follow It's alright excuse me while I go cry
Watching the second season of arrow right now.
GOL GOL GOL GOL GOL GOALLLLLLL
It's just always somethin with this fuccin job
Allies always sad and never deserves it it hurts my heart
Aaaaanndd that's it folks, I'm passing TF out
I'm quickly falling in love with a city that I can't afford...
Some people are way to open about their personal life
Jade Bitch Rodriguez.. It has a ring to it I like that.
cuz I don't wanna get curved no mo
being single teaches you so much about yourself and what kind of person you want to be.
I want it all and then some
Some may say my insanity is comparable to Angelina Jolie in girl interrupted
'Inertia applies to me so well'\n\nJulia worries me
makes me happy when my mom goes foodshopping.
I just gained 100 followers from the booty joke...
Got a little nap inn ahah
its weird to know im gonna go to the same school as you in a year..
One of my coworker's lock screen on her iphone is a selfie of herself. Lmao
Esto de que dormis a las 2 am y te despertas a las 7 am lo que no
Ive never had nutella it doesnt look appealing to me
Blot te blot te blo te blot bum
Boy scout is so weird during the day
*tells people I'm having an allergic reaction cause of something I ate*
AMERICAAAA FUCK YEAH
I'm trynna get a summer body
All your snapchat story posts are of other people and it's fucking weird
\": You a fuck nigga and it ain't a secret\"
Critical Inflection Point: where technology enables gov't to truly see and to know EVERYTHING. That it CAN do so, MUST IT?
Not gonna be there for thursdays vidcon BUT THAT'S OKAY
Do u even know how that makes u look?
I have a love\/hate relationship with my bangs.
So excited for the beach tmr!!
Well that nose is broke
PKs are cool. But id rather just see them keep playing until someone scored. Like the NHL playoffs.
Garrett's making jokes but the reality is the ghost dropping bottle caps in my house is gonna fuck my shit up
Aren't you guys excited for the Sailor Moon reboot?
Why tell people about somethin you aint coming to lol
Chicharito gets no llaying on Man U or Mexico this is funny
So my girl in the wrong? Cuz she got betrayed by her best friend and got upset?? Like lmfao these bitches bruh
Pretty sure the parade is right outside 's house right now. If not someone really likes music.
I miss being under the lights Wednesday and Friday nights
GOAL fuck yeah OMFG CRYING OMFG
I don't know when, confused about how as well. Just know these things will never change for us at all
Feeling well rested after that power nap
The only flag shirt I own is my tom petty &amp; the heartbreakers one...
KNEE HIGH SOCKS THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT
Father's Day is so uncomfortable
I only kick it with people who got the same future as me, that's how we keep eachother focused.
My mom is really making me clean this whole fucking house later
TW\nI've lost count of the times men have sexually harassed me but have not forgotten any sexual assaults. They're forever burned in my mind.
ya I had called him yesterday, how everything go?
benzino looks like the the evil mask in jim carey the mask
cat heaven is probably mouse hell
Praying for and during this awful time. Wishing you a speeding recovery.
Is really hard to make someone understand something when they refuse to want to listen and understand
I just want to be in Tahoe already
JA! Team Deutschland gehen ... Ich meine, Amerika!!!!
Just photo bombed the snapchat of two little girls in front of me at Matilda. It made me feel like an old lady trying to be \"hip.\"
So glad we just gotta finish the 250 ft of silk fence and bye bye
That was quick!!
Wow Toni Kroos to Real Madrid. Fuck.
A hour and a half to get to Riverhead smh
Wow it's July 4th I had no idea thanks guysss
. True Poetic Beauty Lay Deep Within The Ears Of The Listener
He don't love me like he says he love me.
first dj mustard beat i wasn't able to pick apart
Every job I done had I got it on my own
I'd love to know where the fuck this nigga left the remote
shoutout to my boy on graduating today, idk if you heard us but we were there. congrats man love you
But no for real the rain and thunder scare herc and he woke me up.
Casually looking at naked girls on some random doods phone on the subway
Wizkid has been using you guys to catch cruise. At this point Jesus will come before his album
Omg haha why do I keep laughing shit haha to funny
Where do they find this channel of little kids having cosmetic surgery, who wants to watch this when they workout! Everyday wtf!
Hahahaha!! Mag ingay para sa SPURS!!
anthony Pettis is fighting tonight and I didn't know ..
I remember when Jeff Hardy and Edge used to be my favorite wwe superstars
Jozy disappointing again
its rly cute when lil neighborhood kids compliment u on ur clothing and skateboard and u like yes bitch thank u
\": Respect for all costa ricans right now. No one expected them to go this far, but they've proved everyone wrong.\"
My last night in town hey wouldn't ya knowwww
Soccer a probably the only sport I actually love. And swimming.
yo lo controlo queloque B|
Never again Candace
Beyond pissed I'm not allowed to go outside. Or to the gym. Or anything involving movement basically :(
Took ya while!
I wanna here ur voice and not just on vine
It's cool to have a twin cause it's like having a personal assistant
Me and want you to come back to Florida
i luv cheese
According to my mother, boys and girls can't hang out without having some sort of sexual encounter.
matts dad was at magcon???
So my body officially hates me
With this nigga. Its been awhile
Wow, Mirotic finally coming over to Chicago could actually be a big get for the . Excited to see him play
my hearts against your chest, my lips pressed to your neck
.Carnegie plays host to more than musicians.
Why are you getting hekka mad that I'm shooting around for two hours tomorrow?????
20 minute runs with increasing speed while blasting EDM is an addiction for me now lul
Who's trying to go to the beach tomorrow
I'll fit tight in with the white girls in MA. I like md French vanilla light n sweet
Life doesn't provide warranties and guarantees, it only provides possibilities and opportunities for those who dear to make best use of it.
Ole Miss tomorrow for orientation!
I'm looking at my school work from 10th grade and one of the TA's graded me down bc I used the correct plural of samurai which is samurai
I either need a boyfriend or more single friends... Yeah more single friends
Been almost over a month since I've seen a Ricky Silvano alcohol fueled evening... So that might have to happen
King James does not in fact shit gold
\": Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia - Fear of the number 666. \" say that 10 times fast...
This pool thing just became a pain in the ass
I'll always have my phone on do not disturb. Don't take it personal.
Does someone want to hangout *clicks tongue* or nah
Side netting plz! THAT was a goal.
i need a different job.
Most people are annoying, and by most I mean all but oh well
emmy dedicated one of her candles to me im crying she wrote the nicest thing aw
Dats a song for a competition ???
Staying in and watching Netflix all night
I really can't do work in the tomorrow.
So as usual everyone told me I was wrong saying there was something wrong with DW past month
Back in the states first things first gotta get wet at Niagara Falls. Why tstone why? cuz its hawt!
I'm working 12 hrs tomorrow and not eating for 17.
My eyes want to close but they can't
You Can make friends by just being yourself but the problem is when they don't keep in touch that part sucks
Holy shit what a shot
Goddamn you half-Japanese girls... Do it to me every time. Oh, the redhead said you shred the cello and I'm jello, baby.
A higher power needs to point me in a good direction cause I'm all kinda of fucked up
SOOMPI WOULD HAVE THE SPECIAL FOR UKISS AFTER I FUCKING ORDERED IT ON YESASIA -_- HATE LIFE.
I know baseball is supposed to distract me until football starts but man do the Mets take any joy out of watching games
Stepped into my house after being gone all weekend &amp; it smelt like Joey. I miss Joey.
Even if the USA doesn't win the World Cup, we're still the best at literally everything else
Hoping that one day I will figure out what I want
She just wanna smoke an fuck
Chicken stock in pressure cooker.
That was sweet
I miss college =( (sigh)....
Why ya gotta be so rude?
Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman are there to boost morale. 'Murica.
In other news, you can buy pregnancy tests at the dollar store.
It's a great feeling knowing that your parents don't have any confidence in you...
Feeling like we all have too many calendars to balance, work, Google Calendar, Kids' sports, Camps, etc..
Fue por to culpa tu mataste el pr
gotta keep the documentation of all of my grand accomplishments in one place i gotchu linda
\"Look it says Lost Cat!\" -tiny girl pointing at mailbox that says 'coyote blood'
Matt just almost kill me.
I needa hit Tracy this summer like fr fr
This morning on imagination land voice actor baseball player and WWE champ 5 days til
none of ya spurs fans tho.
Well deserved by the USA
I think I've only watched the like once in my life is that bad
I wish I could go back in time. I miss being little watching Alicia Keys videos when she had her braids lmao.
Another great each weekend... Thanks again Bradley Beach
if Teddy makes it there will be screaming in this house
I would've went Wondo
If only it was that easy lol
I'll find temporary solace at the bottom of this cup.
I'm tired of girls using me to hangout so they can see with stens
Simply because they don't like some of my opinions
Road trips: the only time when sitting in one place and doing nothing makes you the most tired you've ever been.
I'm so tight!!!!!!
Someone be a true homie and come sit with me at the complex
Lol the roof is broken at the gym
Anybody have a longboard they don't use they'd be willing to give me
Today needs to actually be over.
\"Tbt to when Pippa spent $100 on the iPad playing Smurf Village\"
Master Chef is such a well executed show.
Out to eat with my brother should be fun
Stop trying to make Sam Smith happen...
5 is a great number!
God ice missed the communal sense that comes w foreign personalities
I wish the I could see who I will marry
Just deleted nearly 1,000 photos, also just deleted nearly 1,000 little pieces of my heart.
We need a clear shot of that blonde that is over the batters shoulder when they focus on the batter in the box. Hello!
Some people make way too big a deal out if little things especially on ask like let it go it's the internet lol
Project graduation was fun as hell lol
In pretty sure my neighbors hate me... Hahaha
Maybe I should start learning Hebrew again
USA MOTHERFUCKER !!!!!!!
Giving u an address if u drive me and lazicki
15:04 NA6MG (Dan) on W6\/CT-033 (Zanja Peak, 1080m, 2pt) 146.520 fm: mon now [APRS2SOTA]
\"i'm gonna make yew suck yaself awffa me. then, i'm gonna put it back in yew!\"
It feels good to be back at my home church's sanctuary!
Watching bride wars with Emily and drinking everythime they say wedding and married..
When ppl think they're funny but they're not &lt;&lt;&lt;
90 percent of females who get called smart on twitter or instagram are from men who want a reply or follow back
Miku con C de Casa (??
My parents never fail to assume the worst
it's almost as ugly as your personality :-)
Don't memorize these names.
AUGUSTTTTTT u cute but why u talk like that tho
Lol ps3 for the night again
\": AB soul album dropped or what ?\" Yea
If someone were to judge me based on my google searches they would get the wrong idea
USA ain't nothin to fuck with
Nobody has a clue
Lotta butts in cc
Mom said only reason I went to college is to play basketball.. She thinks I'm winner in life tho I swear
I love those friendships that's start fast and are unexpected
im so awkward
My grandma told me one day id be traveling the world. Now slowly but surely her words are becoming true.
I've become so uninterested in my text messages.
Two flat tires in one day? Thanks, Probability Fairy.
If you don't like Seinfeld, I prolly don't like you
Yikes! I don't know what's in the air, but there are some CRAAAAAAAAZIES out today. Stay home, kids. Lock the derr. Eek. Scared.
Just saw and some guy by the name of stole the show. I think I like him. A lot. Really.
Good defense Ghana
Not ready for my game tonight... I need to wake up ....
THOSE PEOPLE ONCE YOU FIND WHERE ARE THEY NOW? THY COULD BE IN YOURS BANKS YOURS BUSINESS they DISABLE TO BE ABLED ok MY HONEY$
Feliz Dia del Padre porque tu has sido mucha y mucho para tus hijos y !! . Bendiciones
As much as Israel tries to paint Jerusalem as a united city, it remains divided by Israel's Apartheid policies
It's so hot I don't even wanna get high
I need to go to the palace before July 1st
Who would have honestly thought you could get a truck stuck while off-roading in the desert. Not this guy
\": \"You are enough.You are so enough, it is unbelievable how enough you are\"\" You're Enough,But this World can use few more You
HOW TF PHARREL WIN OVER BEYONCE AND JAY Z
\": DADS TIGERS JAW AND TOUCHE AMORE TOMORROW\" FUCK YEAH
So theres this girl &amp;she have quite a story and a pass that will make u cry she think by not talking about it will make it vanish
Just almost pissed my pants while looking at the 43 worst eyebrow thing
Chris Young with a stay of execution, 3 homers in 2 days means you can't release the guy.
For a moment its good... but those things aren't fulfilling. Only Jesus can satisfy
Every single one of my friends leaves the same voice mail \" sup fucker call me \" but never tells me who they are they all sound alike
I dont care how good you live. Your NOT better then anybody. Nobody is better then anybody. Everybody is the same. Were ALL human. Word up!
Muchas felicidades y bendiciones , Dios siempre lo llene de amor y esperanza. Lo adoro!!! :-)
Facebook be boring and those messages be so annoying!
Well I guess you'll learn fast
Gotta love SoloQ, such nice and friendly people.
Why the fuck the league keep helping out Miami for?
The box coming has become a minnow of delight in a sea of brown dreary smiling arrows. I can't wait for a sea of minnows.
Tf juss happened wat I do
\"Are your stamps going to come off? They are ugly stinky farts\" Giana discussing my tattoo
CANT WAIT TO USE A DUR AT EVERY MEAL
My bed can fit 3-4 people, yet my cat insists on sleeping on my stomach
Looks like curly hair all summer it is since I'm constantly going to be getting wet with the kids
Lady who runs the cheesesteak stand on the third floor of AT&amp;T Park now recognizes me and got my order ready as I was walking up.
Finally home and in my baed (bed with a twist)
Showing just enough interest can take you very far
LA TIA YESNIIIII
Just watched the creepiest fucking movie ever
I haven't spoken to my mom and she hasn't returned any of my calls and I'm scared.
Sushi Bar. All women employees.\n\nQuestion: Do the customers smell the actual fish or vaginas?
Why must it be rainy today whyyyyyy
On the bright side, I can move my neck after last night.
Mexico gets every call its not even funny
Neyo was first bae like way back when
funniest close of time I can't
I give zero fucks about any mets overhyped prospects until i see them in the majors What they do in triple A double A is fucking meaningless
Dear lord have mercy I'm going to have to pick up two dead rats from a glue trap and on of them the others rats have been chewing on
#If you ain't at Carnegie Hall tonite You Ain't No where man! OMG it's only intermission and they are wearing us out!!!
People who spam Instagram without a single pause &lt;&lt;&lt;
i hate not doing anything but i hate doing things
It's not good to judge people about a certain situation unless you've been in a similar one. Then you would understand
I'm a gangsta grandpa and I'm proud!
I always manage to fuck up the good things in my life.
Yo I can't help that a nigga can't handle himself.
What would I do if I were a war criminal?
People think my moms a milf and my dad's hot..........
\"Natural Voice\" Wtf does that even mean?
Day 2: still no word from cheresie but head is still held high
Hangi abdest,hangi namaz hangi oruc temizler ruhundaki pisligi????
awww\nlast week i was leaving the hostel for the airport\nnow i be laying around
I've been watching on mute and wasn't sure how many innings there were, coulda sworn that was the end of the game.
Colin Kaepernick with dreads
Fuck I don't wanna skate home
I'm the type of nigguh who won't give a shit that ppl will call me weird..
If it's called a \"function\", just know black people are hosting it.
So like is there hear lightening in orlando? I couldn't tell by the 68643 people posting about it...
My Morning Rap:\r\"She wakes up at the crack of dawn. Banging around with EasySpirits on. She's a beast, there can be no doubt.\rGTFU. GTFU!\"
Don't sit there and wish for something you once had but foolishly let go. Cherish it, treasure it and hold onto it.
And that really hurts
Wow... we all knew this was coming
Just finished a new drawing!!! Big reveal will be tomorrow so be on the lookout!
\"Oh wow that guy just saw my crotch\" \n\"Oh wow that was my dad\"
Kobe would never sit on the bench in the finals yet Lebron has twice this finals
Yall wanna know what my fav movie is ?
Can I wife or nah?
I make wud'u like 24\/7 for no reason. Even if I don't have prayer I make it bc it feels so refreshing
Healy in OITNB: \"Lesbians are dangerous.\" *Ashley and Barbie both turn to stare at me*
cant wait till im off ... 4 more hours
Stalking people on instagram and accidentally liking a picture from like 98 weeks ago is the worst
USA is wack. Portugal slacking.
Jhene Aiko has a beautiful voice
I would never co sign for no one and I would never open up no type of credit card phone line nothing Idc if you my family friend nigga NOPE
-.- y y y would you sub our best player
TENGO GANAS DE PELIARME CON ALGUIEN SOLO PARA SACARME LA BRONCA FIRME
Check email bro send the tracks them
I hate when people Change ..
I just have to make it till Thursday. I just have to make it till Thursday.
I'm so use to it being the middle of the afternoon and drinking with my peeps in the pub already
I want to go night swimming but my sisters being a bitch
Tonights argue with the person you like night
How can you hate such a face
Good morning locked and loaded have a great day
usa really does suck
Back on tha bullshit, if we ain't fuckn than that's bullshit.
So there is a character named Irena played by an actress who played an Irena in another episode. Not the same character. Nanny vs. hooker.
Im tried . Feel like going to sleep.
Motion for \"Co-dependence Day\" in which we all cling to our sexual partners for dear life.
Independence Day is just a fake holiday created by the card industry to sell oh wait it's actually a real thing never mind.
Why did it just take almost 5 1\/2 hours to get home from Maryland
I'd love to see debate Hobby Lobby atty Adele Keim tonight on TRMS She was w\/ this am on .Please?Must see tv
Stressing about school and school has NOT even started
This dude from Ghana just Flash Kicked Dempsey!
By that I did not mean when I am open I meant when I am awake
I'm seriously making myself sick bec nerves and lack of sleep. And it might be for nothing.
If you like dragon ball z I probably don't like you
Something Greek messed up my order and I got to keep the one they messed up and they are sending me the correct letters
lol remember when jalen would talk about living in boston + we would all be like STFU JALEN WE HATE BOSTON BOSTON IS WACK FUCK THAT CITY
We lost fuck y'all
i don't understand how ppl headbang so perfectly.when i do it,i feel like my head is gonna fall off and i look like a moose having a seizure
I can only handle talking to like 2 people on the phone
Omars my nigga! I love that dude haha
Ehhhhhhhhh maybe I should read The Stand again, or maybe The Most Dangerous Game ooo la la
Feel like coworkers were happier to see me than friends n fam sometimes
When you pour a whole bowl of cereal and then theres no milk &gt;&gt;
I think I've tweeted this about 100 times but I'll tweet it even more
Keep it classy, not trashy, just a Lil nasty :)
No veo la hora de irme de esta mierda.
I've never loved dreadlocks so much.
What a fucking shot.
I hate people who wear a single brand head to toe
Di Maria just made an amazing run and then did a perfect rabona pass
Biglia, you are so fine.
They already want to buy the whole damn store
I stare, a lot. I should probably stop, but I can't. People are just soo interesting.
Whenever I eat fried food I feel disgusting instantly after
I want to love like Yoko and John. The way they looked at each other, there is no doubt that they felt the true meaning of love.
At 's office in the Bay. Looking forward to tonight's event!
Nigga only go 15 or so fights
Live tweeting at &amp; damn, happy to report there are loads of succulent terrariums in this show.
Left my headphones on the table. That's it today's the day I kill myself
you're the worst you know what you've done to me.
at this point i cant stand being around my parents either they are annoying or everything i say gets me in trouble
goin to these orientation tomo. i hope things will turn out my way.
If the American fans could sit in this audience with gahdamn superhero costumes making my ass hot, yall can handle the humidity.
It's kinda ironic how girls who try to be \"different\" are almost always predictable
Two days in the city and I can navigate the subway system. Also can get on the train and not grip the bar for dear life.
$2 at the chase ATM on corner of 55&amp;9th.
Mierkina se mudan lo vecino en DR ..
I would love to see Costa Rica take out the Netherlands
looks like right field is the place to be if you like defense.
not even picasso could paint your beauty
just got fucked by the short dick of the muni law
I BEEN SINGLE SINCE GOD KNOWS WHEN.
Fuck you Renaldo
Every single Costa Rican penalty was brilliantly taken.
Going to Sedona tomorrow :D What are your plans going to be this weekend :)
Sevyn could've put something else on
Post-March celebration. The Phoenix.
Aaron Ekblad Is the first overall pick. Congrats!
The fact that I'm drinking coffee right now, k.
So excited for graduation and my birthday I could care less bout anything else going on rn forreal
I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was I supposed to do
I remember when loved me
my mom is about 90% done with me
Putting on make up is weird
having blue eyes isn't all that great
Good 1 for ! MT Movie geek in me's fascinatd by those who excel at 1 film role &amp; disappear. Wot happened?
in 5 days who's ready
Alright boys, 3 at bats left! In control still
Definitely gonna try the blow dryer
WHAT A GOAL! my word!
Brasil - Chile will be an interesting game.
I hate when my dad threatens me with chores likeee can you not
Valuable lesson had to grow up
LeBron's heart is broken man :\/
I still love and will always love drake
Up by 20!
Al, Horrible caller, crusty old... these kids are as good as dead if they stay in the violent contexts from which they come
\"This interview is over\" # Hmong
!! In a cab heading to emcee the End of Year party. Can't wait to see all of the
For all I know rocket love flew past me yesterday.
Dudes in sailor suits from On The Town are singing NEW YORK NEW YORK and hugging hot dogs
Ps I plan on ignoring rusov and big e
A week ago me and my team were all fucked up on the strip going to our shuttles !!!
Is still question why Canada is it's own country
I probably have a brain aneurysm and it's probably goIng to burst HAHAHA.
The more time I spend at high school events the more I want to be at GSU
I'm a true believer that absolutely nobody can make me happy
Just woke up , gm
Save tip : use a jar and put 5-10 dollars each week.
Can liv be in 6th grade again
Who said it's a cement jungle?
But really I hope they do the book justice
\"was the author in 2007 of a shield law that did not have a national security exemption.\" Would he veto it now?
Jen selters ass is it's own person \nI don't even understand
I haven't even opened my books to start studying for finals lol
Hey, you. In the I\/O badge. You're rocking the Google Glass right now.
That one moment when I got ALL THE FEELS: last set of playing
I always tell Ashley I'll come over than just never show up I wonder if she gets worried about me
I like big dick in my small mouth
As in the thing that looks looks like baking soda
Let me tweet my fave line hol up
Looking fwd to joining for tmr luncheon ConcernWomen. Great cause: Helping the poorest of the poor.
I miss my mom. Im about to go home.
I actually miss my blonde hair
Finishing up at then another night at Dizzy's tonight with the Septet!! 11:30pm
Is anyone else listening to these commentators? Holy shit, lay on the pity train more to the Rays
I gotta stay high all the time; to keep you off my mind
ALEXIA JUST SPILLED HER BUCKET OF FUCKING POPCORN ON ME
I SOCKED SHAY IN THE TIT RIGHT NOW AND IM CRYING SO HARD BECAUSE HOLY SHIT THAT WAS HILARIOUS OH MY GOD
The south is the fucking worst when it comes to their treatment of immigrants
We need Derek Norris
I still can't stop laughing at the fat picture of me and from last night.
Derrrrrp. RT : Jason Kidd to become next head coach of Bucks if Nets agree to Milwaukee's offer of a 2nd-round pick.
i cant fuck your life anymore then it already is or i deff would lmao
Woke up very mad at b for something he did in my dream.
My ice cream about to melt
note to self. don't ever wear heels when your calves are sore. EVER
- Stevie don't even know wtf she singing about
I will not fall. I will not fade. I will take your breath away.
I guess Pat and Gianni are okay.
Soooo hyped up for this game now! Let's go boys!!
Really really starting to like this flag waving team
What a FUCKING GOALL! !!!!!!!\"
all I want is to fuck, cuddle, than go to sleep
\"When I look into my future, you're all that I can see, so honey don't go lovin' on nobody but me\"
These shows all about chicks who are pre-40 pre-learn-ur-lesson. They hate on 40...paaahhh! Ya'll gonna learn. Not 1 meant u well.
This will be the most viewed event in the history of WatchESPN
If she says 'like' one more time
It always makes me happy to be with my brothers and drizzy
I am a thumb
I love to comment random stuff on Instagram pics.
Not into people who are still into their ex
happy fathers day to be to my day one , happy for your cuhz
When that shit is real you just know.
OMFG FINALLY GETTING A KITTEN SOO HAPPY!!
Don't wanna be an asshole but I hope you get every std possible.
I've never been so excited to take out my anger on a tennis ball
I've got 3 tickets to Queen\/Adam July 9, section 413, row 7, seats 17,18,19. $35\/each Please retweet
I don't want to go to college anymore. They're expecting way too damn much from me rn.
.catching some from this gal standing near me. It's an ungodly sound.
Hahaha my little brother just spilled coffee on himself (he's wearing a white shirt) dumbass bitch
So basically if I had one reason to go to graduation it's because I just bought a new dress and I want pictures wearing it.
in the mood to FaceTime idek
I feel like I only tweet when I'm bored
Can't believe that tomorrow I leave for Disney!
I'm bouta be tight as hell
Watching the news get me fucking pissed
a grown man threw that ball (cespedes' infield hit) LOL!
One more day of stupid work til ! Pray that I survive the inevitably soul crushing managers meeting first.
Superman's dead nigga, there ain't no 7 dragon balls to revive his ass.
Find directions to dean college that go pass a .
My sisters just told me \"emo\" is a type of music... Wtf?? Is this true?
lmfao faggot ass cant hold shit down
Or maybe, you're fascinated on there like , , , etc.
THIS FUCKING GAME!!!!!
Whys it that I'm always the bad guy?
I think we are just in a matrix
We ayer del pedo que tenia mi viejo me dio limon y lance todo jajaja
Lmfaooooo it's a 18 year old black girl
Cus you know who you are &amp; all that you put me through
Live tweet the inside of the truffles was completely melted and went all over me
Not really trying to get out my bed, wish someone could just go work for me
Y'all bunch of mitches if you give me that damn ice challenge! Lol
My essay is only 3 pages. I don't give a shit.
Eres tu, no me valen las demas.
Never estimate how scary sneezing while driving can be.
Landon Donovan come on down!!!!
Let's stop holding back &amp; let's get carried away
Am I the only one who hates rain and lighting
I think my laptop just crapped out &amp; I was in the middle of an application..
\": Debating if I should go out and get Burger King or naww\" jack in the box*
How many of you are n shii
I don't even know where I get these folk
Switching Chris Hardwick off after the Colbert Report is often the last genuine pleasure of a really long day.
At some point in time you gone always have to let go of that one person you want the most if it ain't going right
when I'm not talking to you I'm usually just spacing out. funnnnnnn
Sleeping till 4... Ha smh
It's 3:15 a.m &amp; I'm wide awake so yeah
Flying OT Frying Pans of The Buttah!
I wouldn't want Thornton but I also don't really want Nash anymore
cant fuck w an op
There's too many people talking to me I'm not used to this much social interaction...
Like the respect he showed and helped teach my generation when referring to Mr. Torre, a Happy 40th Birthday to Mr. Jeter
Think I'm just gonna stay in and watch movies on my 21st birthday.
El placer mas grande que tengo Es poder disfrutar de tu Amor
shemus is corny to me
Stfu like you ain't got shit on me that u can call me out on u stay in yo lane ill stay in mine
Like you could do the stupidest smallest shit and ill say \" you fake\"
YES !!!!! Go USA!!!
Don't tell me that I don't like you when I try and talk to you and you don't respond
Costa Rica pat dwe bay Cambel choute
girls are so fucking dumb. you all get naked on the internet then talk shit to each other about it. morons
After today I realized how much a great friend is to me
Watched the World Cup for a min and realized why hockey is my favorite sport to watch.
Damn some ppl never seize to amaze me haha .. THOT NATION STAND UP!!
Up where they stand all day in the sun
Why is everything in Mexico yellow
And I'm not trynaa be mad tonight soo ima just sleep
Does any1 know which channel ' show Hot Listings Miami will be on since The Style Network doesn't exist anymore?
Switch A Roo Your Hoe Let Me Hit Ha
Day one cycling in San Francisco- Fell off. Damn you tram tracks!! Sore elbows
Is dog in catdog the same voice of Spongebob
Yeah give that faggot a yellow
I don't know what I see in you, I wanna be with you in love with him &lt;3
currently listening to lana del rey would anyone like to engage in a cocaine induced threesome
Lol throwback to graduation last year when I tried throwing my cap in the air only to have it come back and hit me in my face..
Glad I read this now! Thanks for sharing Thanks for re-sharing
Goodnight to all the hooligans going out tonight. Be safe mothaaafuckas.
Parker feeling it now
When a Hoe Says im not Ready For A boyfriend.
if youre wondering if i want you too, i want you too
Another hour until I'm free from this hell hole
Jones just froze the keeper
Never lost a nigga worth keeping
Tookaville, yea they hang with me
There is no comparison between a undocumented service man 2\n\"Illegal Aliens\"\nUndocumented Service Men earned the right to be an \n\"American\"
Def not what a best friend would do thats for sure
Out to the west end with some really great Samaritans. Saucin back a few just becuhhhhh
Yall funny for sure but leaders of the future? I hope to God they are hiding somewhere biko nu.
Just gonna start drinking and what happens
All my friends are fucking up or I'm just straight up losing them and I feel like I'm failing as a friend to prevent that.
Imagine if iggy and asap were still together tho \n*way cool*
fuck with my friends and ill fuck your life up.
having twitter makes you feel like you have so many friends, when in reality only 5 of your follows actually care about you.
I was invited to a natural hair mixxer... it smelll like shea butter and feminism
\"ugh why couldnt i have lived in the 50's??\" well i guess if u were a WHITE MALE the 50s woulda been pretty fuckin rad
You know that is awesome when the only people that hate him are Justin Bieber and Kim Jong Un.
Dead reading oomf tweets like \"let me just take your boyfriend real quick...\"
Fav for shrooms \nRT for lsd\nQuote for DMT
I would go crazy to get a follow but I already tweeted 300+ times to get a matt follow today so
Golazo de Jones zapatazo violento.
Go back to your home on whore island
Spending some time with the fam shopping at jersey gardens.
Pounding headache... I guess alcohol will do the trick
This series was atrocious, about to be the 4th blowout win for the Spurs
So my address is 2 vienna way. Bring all your friends. Becka is here and i will gladly love to help
2.watching a show that I thought would be dumb but so far so good. It's got Lexi from Grey's but u barely notice. Kinda funny 2 4 a cop show
Shits about to go DOWN !!
Bury me alive, bury me with pride, bury with berries that forbidden fruit and cherry wine
to com uns plano de dormir uns 10 dias seguidos
So I'm styling two photo-shoots next week, right? Well the producer gave me a website, and her card, and said to purchase what I needed.
Hysterically started to cry after my phone call with turtle
Il me faut des AirMax
Does losing these two games mean we are officially in a slump? No offense, no pitching.
Nada vengo a decirle que me saco nigeria pa mil. chao :(
Barbs slapped my hand out of my hand and I fell to the ground
if Callie dies right now I will kill myself
Math final and work tomorrow. Fun life.
Just waisted an hour and 45minutes of my life on this horrible ass movie. Fuck life
I would buy this skate &amp; destroy shirt but my brothers just going to steal it from me anyway so
Hell is a bucket mic that last for ever AND YOU NEVER GET CALLED
Zayn fuck you hard
The world needs a better poster released. I am looking your way
Talk in my place is....Lakers Raiders Cowboys Pass tha blunt...Hey kyle were tha Hennessy at.lmfaoo
Ya no tengo nada 'bueno' para decir.
I would much rather be furious at someone than disappointed in them.
Safe to say the disease of the myrtle 2k14 house is slowly killing me.
wonder if my neighbors ever get tired of listening to \"WE WANT BIG BOOTY BITCHES BIG BIG BOOTY BITCHES\"
I think I broke my neck while sleeping last night... I accept sympathy in the form of cash or checks thank you
Say I don't like it but you know I doo
Nobody can change a person, but someone can be the reason for a person to change.
I wake up to your name running thru my head
Looks like Dempsey has a broken nose
I'm an amateur porn star or naw?
Y'all just don't get it lol I would give my life for that lil girl without hesitation
we're in a limo bc taxis hate us
Everyone at this Neil Gaiman show looks like an extra from a David Lynch movie.
I've stopped caring about shit so much that I say a lot of things I shouldn't realize it but still don't care
Warped Warpedd Warpeddddddddd, Can't wait too see !!&lt;3 :]
Frustration is losing an argument when you're right simply because the other person is too stupid to understand what you're saying
Coworker: 'I'm buying you lunch AND we're getting French fries'
i hope lebron doesnt act like a bitch and leave the heat
\"What president does 'JFK' stand for?\" -Bella ()
ugh wicked lady is perf :3
iloveyou je bent de beste hele dikke kus robbbie - \n(via )
Siempre es lo mismo &amp; mismo contigo !!
Bored and it's hard out here for a bitch
I always feel so bad for Jay Gatsby, but understand why he did what he did
I never liked you. Just ask all your friends about how much shit I talked about you!
sometimes when i wanna cry i put on the final episode of hannah montana
This series just shows that one player cant keep doing it all
Mayute don't romp wit me
Half the population needs primary care services called family planning.
I would not want to be a cable car brakeman though. Especially on the strip of Washington.
Dean Ambrose is great.. Just sayin
lho,salah ya? RT : kok adenya? RT : adenya :D RT : oh ada yg maling al-qur'an di masjid..\"
my family went out to dinner without me and now I'm and
Deandre Yedlin about to make his World Cup debut
my first sip of green tea at sunrise this morning tastes so good.
Not sure how Rocky ate like 87455238885 punches from the Russian and still won
\"she gone do what she want\"
Id love to go out &amp; do something tonight
Cloudtop cruise is probably the best level in MK8 IMO.
angel cracked her phone last night and she hasnt told my dad yet but she will now bc mine is cracked worse than hers
making me push him away, only makes me want him that much more
Ice cream for breakfast why not
Too dumb to give up, too stubborn to change.z
Now she on the floor droppin like its hottttt
OMGF CALL 911 I just passed by glean view and saw a bunch of black kids vandalizing!!!
Most of what I use whatsapp for is to text that little poo emoji to my husband.
I asked you if you wanted to be with me and you asked me to give you a week to decide. Right then, right there, I had my answer.
Captain Clint to the rescue
Lol, I just want to inform people that I'm not that insane. \n\nIt's just that I have a math final....
So since it's Thursday tomorrow how likely will we have rain in NYC? I've renamed it Thunder Thursday...Only time will tell...
Group G winners: USA &amp; Germany\nGroup H winners: Algeria &amp; Belgium
Why did nobody try today :(
Subways have a legit schedule that I can find somewhere ?
World cup in NYC w
I Take Death Into My Own Hands... You'd Kill For Love And I Love To Kill I Was Never Good At Romance
sad excuses and false hopes high
I think I'm just gonna stick to myself and my family from now on. it's easier this way.
\": i can always bounce back though , it ain't nothinn .\"
\": Eat. Sleep. Conquer. Summer\" to anyone taking their last regent tomorrow this is the motto!
That movie though... Abortions make for awkward conversations...
I jus notice y tf am I still up
Re que el xD ya paso de mODA.
I'm starving but won't eat till I finish this cover letter
Don't u wanna make a 12 year old happy
never make eye contact w someone on Bart.. never
Okay so I may have an insulin resistance? Any other bad news I would like to hear that could happen this year ..
\": Men are more likely to have navel lint than women.\"
I don't have many friends but the friends I do have I wouldnt replace them for the world.
My friends expect way too much from me.
Say a prayer that I run into my favorite comedians tomorrow during my tour at 30 Rock
The Yankees suck and I have basic cable.
Whenever someone sneezes on tv they are super sick within the day. I sneeze like 20 times a day and I'm perfectly fine
Finally read Scalped vol. 1 (by )! Now I'm wishing I picked up more than one volume!
I am a sinner . Who is probably going to sin again
Wish my.phone would stop sending things when it feels like it and wish it would charge
My life is like a movie everyday a new script
Volvimos al tema que Bruera se quedo con la guita el arroz con pollo.
Bobby Womack died? Wait a minute, this is too deep. I gotta change the station...
Lil Wayne need to cut them dreads off...don't look good.
Anyone who's not watching the right now can do so vicariously through the rest of the world's instantaneous social media updates
Promise. To pray for more until my very. Last. Breath.
Who's in room 371 for chem regents
You wanna okay the ignore game.. Let's play.
\n 2 0;\n 0 3; \n 1 3; \n1 4. \n RT RT RT RT RT
Core workouts before bed is always a must.
I hear cats crying outside and my heart hurts for them
Bloodclaaaaat deh SAVE DEEH
Marvy did you pay the electric bill\nNo Janice I forgot \nGod damnit Marvy\n
HEY. is SUPER OVER FRIGGIN PUSH THE MAN GOD
SHOW ME YOUR GENITALS
i would watch a show\/spin-off with just Lily:)
How dare people sleep with socks on how do the piggies breathe
It's amazing how someone becomes ugly after you fuck with em.
It's fried day I'm bouta get me a can (thot)
I hate this but deserve the title. defense is just pathetic.
\nIts amazing Mr horsford says patience on judgement but Donald sterling , paula deen should be hung yesterday quilt or not in court
Last chance who wants to cuddle with my chipmunk face tonight :)
Still hasn't hit me yet that I'm senior and graduating next year with my class of 2015.
...at a charity function in NYC. Asked Sapp about his weight. Wrong query. He threatened to pummel me. Er, ok. I backed off. And threw...
I can't wait to hang out w my mom tn after work
These drinks are gonna have me toooo onnn
I want Ben and Jerry's and kel wants a milkshake but we're to lazy to get it.... We suck
this weekend and last weekend i got told i was overly medicated soo i think i need to do something about
Finally a sports team I pick wins a championship. I'm not jumping around as if the Isles won but damn I'm happy!
-how the hell you gonna cut her like that, that is RUDE
Some of ya bitches gotta stop callin other bitches broke cause ya doing worse than them
I think way too much I gotta find my chill
Every year my skin get blackuhh, and darkuhh, and blackuhh, and then mo darkuh
Thoughts and prayers with and family
Safe drive to all my niggas and whoever don't have twitter
With that said if anyone wants to vent anything all you have to do is message me.
I legit had a stomach ache for 4 days straight. What the fuck
The crowd is pumped and loud!
My love is back home; waiting for me to return.
Can I just not work and still make all the money?
Ohhhhhhh YEAh. !!!!!
By the end of 2014, India will surpass the U.S. as the largest population of Facebook users.
All because of money? I'm telling you it ruins people's lives sometimes. Family are the worse people to hurt you.
Trying to get a lot of people and watch the USA game tomorrow. Hmu if you wanna come and if you have any ideas on where we should have it #
I just want to go back to school already
Going to the gym at 5:30am bc its only open twice a day, 5:30-7am &amp; 5:30-8 pm, and im embarassed of my light weight lifting.
\"They call me Shae\"...\"Shae Butta\".
The end of an era. Just removed my email account from my phone and computer. Six years have gone by so fast.
When I'm on top of the world I'll remember everyone that was there for me.
To see a nigga get runover tonight. Aint that some shit
Bench players talking like starters I hate it
when you look at phone and it says \"Get up now bitch*
Im a piece of shit it aint hard to fuckin tell
May you find peace in all things you touch. May your energy only attract people you'll come to love, and may your heart be content with it.
Another victory for the CEBA, days like today are hard to come by.
I can't stop laughing at the pole dancing scene . Joseline &amp; Steevie play all day .
Drug dealer is the best card game
The fact that my uncle told me I look like a porn star than tried to play it off as a compliment.. Uh
I've started my to do list before I leave New York.... It's getting pretty long ugh
So excited for the
Is VM what I think it is
So it's looking like I'm not going to see my family again today this is starting to get old fast I can't keep doing this
I have a paper due tomorrow and I'm barely starting it now.
I'm just standing for what I believe, basically don't be a hypocrite
Don't Expected To Talk Shit And Don't Have Me Say Anything Because Believe Me I Have A Mouth On Me (: Okay Pumpkin?
Watching the Bet Award PreShow
I shouldn't eat right now, but I'm starving
Most white boys im cool with Like Black Girls
Left standing! Incredible stuff.
pretty excited to see flooded Minneapolis this week
YALL WOULDNT HAVE YOUR FAVORITE SONGS WITHOUT PHARELL
There is really no man out there that deserves me. All I want to do take care of another human being and make them feel like they matter
do I follow a literal pimp like is that a thing and how do i join that scene
Two things I hate about summer. Tourists and cyclists. Move the fuck over.
If you understand my Catcher In The Rye references, you can touch the booty. L
My and dashea are always the only people on the bus.
Hey kid from gym class who made fun of me all year, no I don't want to be friends with you on Facebook
Theres a blind guy at my gym. What the hell is your excuse?
Growing up, I was spongebob.\n\nNow I'm squidward. Lmao
I hate when people ask me a multitude of questions and do not explain why they do so.
THAT WAS ALL BALL
Una rusa que te ponga confusa
Grandma I dare you to get snappy one more time with me I will drop kick you
So where's Landon Donovan at, oh that's right he's off the team
Lou likes to dance on my face
These woods are lovely, dark and deep, But I have promises to keep,\nAnd miles to go before I sleep, \nAnd miles to go before I sleep
Bitches always tryna start problems.. smh
I'm so ready to go on
I HAVENT HAD RIBS SINCE 'NAM
I wish I could unsend texts
you look fat in your two piece consider a one piece
I realized a lot this weekend
If tonight is like the last four nights I will possibly accidentally \"fall\" into the garbage disposal.
oh shit why he comin for rick ross like that
Got a haircut, ready for Pride weekend!
Don't hate the player, hate the game
If you don't shower at least once a day, I judge you.
Don't tell me you're sorry cause your not
Im doing me
eerie old lady on train and a lot of eye contact
After about 10 seconds of exposure has sworn off the Yo app forever.
I'm a nice guy and all but pleasssee do not test me. Just don't.
Still at the airport - JetBlue says two days to get a seat - so I am going with USAir ....
Boy, this is going to be exciting. Go Germany
Your super cool bro like really wow
Tryna catch a Taxi but none of them willing to drop me off in the hood smh
3 things on my mind daily God. Creating. Death. Funny how things come together
\"You can trust me! I'm Jewish.\" -
Ay check what time u take my test tomorrow.
I'm so good at predicting shit on TV shows
Whats up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up, with them girls I dont get it your a star love! ~From Time Drake
Scratching ur balls in public is the sign of ultimate manliness
Just woke up outta nowhere mad hungry wish I had something from the chicken spot too bad I don't live in bk
Didnt think anyone would take Asik's contract. But i will be DUMBFOUNDED if someone takes Lin's...
Some people do not cherish what they have honestly.
Who has a pool and wants to go swimming right now
Like, why lie about shit that's so small?
Can't Wait To See What Jose Has To Say About This One.. !
it's time for me to log off
Don't tell me you know what it's like because you won't until you've been through it
I really want to know what the marriage of two marriage counselors is like. Is it perfect?? Do they theorise?? What goes on?? I need answers
Oh but you have my back though right ? Smh yall bitches fufu
I go into a relationship thinking its gonna be my last tbh, no time for temporary shit
The crafts in the education section of Pinterest make me want to be an el. Ed teacher, until I remember I have no patience for crafts
And rachel has found the access to my twitter.
Now I'll feast because I have no life
3 days later and I still feel like shit
Are the German shirts customized for each match? Nice idea.
people let other people make them too sad
What's the point of celebrating if your kid mentally cannot do anything.
I've dreaded this day.......let's go ....let's go ....I don't know what to do...
Dad is talking about how Britney and Justin's baby would have been the best reproduction in the world and how Jessica Biel sucks, ily dad
N Y C L I F E
Oh boy a weekend of tweets about , unfollow unfollow unfollow
It amazes me how I survive all the hours I work on so little sleep lmao
I dare someone to say messi sucks, cause you're dumb as hell
HAHAHA LAUGHING SO HARD AT THAT VINE
I am a character. That's who I am and that will never change.
It's ok to take the champagne this time the Heat aren't coming back
The only way you really close to me if you a girl is if you call me jay all the girls that don't aren't
Don't think about it too much, this is more than just a new loss for you
Tomorrow isn't promised. Where's the fun in forever? \nCelebrate.
crazy when you blow off all your plans to do one thing &amp; then it doesn't even happen. Unreliable people.
Lol ion think India got a boob job y'all ridiculous
windows tinted, white girl all in it.
I rly don't even like daughtry wake me up when the goo goo dolls start
\": I really need to sleep..\"
Come on lemme get ya name (;
Hang in there, it gets better
If real life hit her she wouldn't know what it was, she only love sex, money, and drugs
Watching while reading the book.
Wow get me the fuck back to school please and thanks
\": I feel like I've stepped into the \" you pretty much have man
I'm giving FX's Tyrant a chance. First 10 minutes in I already have a kill list.
My a\/c broke and my fans not cool enough
I would love that! RT maybe someone will come up with a biometric sports bra
I'm the stupidest person ever for saying no to this trip
Goofy ass nigga trynna fly with no wings. Stop it.
So pissed off rn.
Maybe I'm taking this job thing too seriously lol
35 seconds. Spain needs to learn from the US of A!
Catching up on Google I\/O news. What are now witnessing between Google and Apple is a case study in the beauty of capitalism.
The pain has gone to my knees again. This is unbearable
Being told that you're important to someone is a nice feeling
can somebody who's not a fucking asshole talk to me lol
Never been so happy to stand in the US Citizen line at the airport
Lil freak lick around my dick with ya tongue ring
Wifey hooked up Del Posto for bday dinner. Amazing so far... &lt;3
Is it just me that has no service
I GET BITCHES I GET BITCHES I GET BITCHES
Send in your applications to be Nick Cuccaro's nerdy girl. Required to eat big bags of candy with me and let me play with your boobs.
Sooooooo no good night text from anyone??? Cool. Goodnight twitta!!!
I would rather cry tonight then even bother to hold it in
I hate when people don't snap chat back
Finally watching 22 Jump Street, yessss
Thank you goddddd
\"Let's just do drugs and forget about how everything else sucks\"
I don't care why Shia went off in cabiet that shit ain't g. Do the shit at a waka flocka concert then we'll see how g he is
Couldnt do it to yall again disregard that snap
Mississippi bound .
lol i act like food is life but it really aint.
Out of all My Brothers I'm the Youngest it's crazy but I Love have 7 older Brothers...
Flopping is pussy
I really don't do well when I'm in a bad mood
I'm just up high and tired but can't fall asleep..
Am I the only one who thinks Amber Riley is a better singer than Jennifer Hudson
Going to wash my face for an hour and pray the ugly goes away
And my bed without a snoring whore in it
omg leo my precious cutie ilu can i just marry u
Sware i get no days off
I don't see why Ozone and Turbo fuck with her.
0 inhibitions, dancing alone in the kitchen
come come come to me, look what you've done to me.
Maybe I'm crazy because I'm surrounded by crazy
I know you don't want to hurt me , but whatever the end game is, I will still get hurt
I'm hella stupid that's why ha
Just passed by Stanford aka just passed by my dreams and goals
It's easy to impress people if they have low expectations.
Literally, you couldn't pay me to take a Greyhound bus ever again.
What the fuck happens to Serria vista elementary
I actually like when I'm sick and my throat is like dry I guess and I drink lemon and salt, like it feels good but sour
0- what kind of question is that OF COURSE HE IS
First day was a success at the Bergenfield Summer Music Workshop at RWB and Operation: Oboe\/Bocal Majority camp at BHS!
you've never smoked a thing in your life JUST STOP
este partido es mas aburrido que ver al sport huancayo entrenar
I get out of work in 37 minutes and I've never been so excited in my entire life
\"Know what's sad? He's 35 years old and still living with his parents\" - Sean talking about Kingston
Perfect night for a cruise on the bike
Entonses La Vida Eh Haci '
hahaha lil fucker ran into me and dropped his drink
I love judge judy and the peoples court. They raised me
yo he throwing hella shots lol
\"Heat on grill or stove until hot\" best heating instructions ever
not in the mood for any shit
CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!!!! Holy shit that was hot!
Also 9\/10 times you ever see me driving I will be singing air drumming or both
Everyone's been in a long relationship and then there's me single my whole life
Ruiz is up, i have his imotm
I've made my decision. is cruel. It's sick. way to confront her.
Don't go too far, stay who you are
I fucking love Sean Paul ...more then I love pittbull
I've finally finished watching every episode of friends from start to finish. So sad it's over.
Today was such a boring day
Repubs asking \"Why do brown people keep calling me racist?\" reminds me of an article \"Why do gay men keep sucking my cock?\"
um why is Dora stuck in my head..
Best coach Greg pop
Praying that my professor decides to cancel class the next two days and give us all As on the final
.8.0 earthquake off the coast of Alaska
Always good playing against the bruh
I really don't care who wins this game lol
Dicen como tu no te peinas, te peino yo
If I hate anything. It's mopping floors. Industrial floors to top it of.
Somehow there's always a pile I clean laundry on my bed that I'm too lazy to put away, so I just Sleep on it....
Holy shit USA
HAHA OH SHIIIIT THE TABLES TURN!
I stay up until 2 or 3 and wake up around 11-12...wth?
Wow can we get a break. First altidore now they break our captains nose
boom boom boom lemme hear you say wayo
My mamas hobby is talkin shit to me.
You made me feel like your only side chick and I liked it
Who do you think you are fooling?
Blake griffin is better then Lamarcus Aldridge
Goal already !!!
Lol beasly just got cut up
Ya \"Go All Out\" Getting Fake Gucci Belts Sagging Dumb Hard To Show Off Your Ralph Lauren Briefs And Still Get No Play.
It's been awhile since I laughed with Chris Rock
Why do I have so many lines of certain movies memorised like how do I have room in my brain for these things
Jo si nje shok por shum me shum
You look sexy on that motorcycle ;)
Im so heated bro . Dont hit my phone
But how are you supposed to feel, really, when all your worst fears, things you'd never even imagined could happen, actually do happen?
and with this feeling i'll forget\n\ni'm in love now
What the hell happened to rock and roll? Eyeliner? Energy drinks? And no guitar solos? I've taken shits with bigger rockstars than that.
This is why i'm better off alone.
I decide to try to be healthy and my mom decides to get every unhealthy thing from the store.
Sometimes I think is the only one who appreciates me
i just wish i had my house w my room &amp; my own fucking space again.
Just cuz it is the 4th of July does not mean you HAVE to go to the beach... Especially when it's pouring outside, but I guess that's just me
That's what I do when I'm trying to spell it
What do all y'all muthafuckas got direct tv cause it's all 6:07 and y'all talkin bout the whole damn sho already
Man I'm tryna lift too fuck
It's time to fuck up my sleeping schedule
I legit think I scare people at the gym because I actually sweat when I workout and look completely unattractive
I do t fuck with most of the kids I use to kick it in high school with
It doesn't matter how many people tell you you're beautiful, if you don't believe you are.
C'mon boys lets win this!
On Insta likin all his pics. Double tap his selfie cause I want his dick.
VANDERBILT WON!.....still lost the SEC championship game to LSU tho.....
New York I think I need a break from you..... Soon
It's like you're a woman and a boy and a man and a trans and a genderqueer? Reeeeeeally.
Not even tired but there's nothing else to do
Staffing forces SJPD to postpone mandatory POST training for its officers until end of August, like CPR and other professional training.
its kinda terrifying seeing the people you used to be closed change so much.
who needs a record player when u have finger nails
I'm glad I don't need make up on to feel pretty
When you speak, speak from the heart, or your words will only touch the ears of another, not where they feel sincerity.\n\n
Letttt it goooooo, let it goooo you all look like my butthole
I'm finally emerging from the stone age and obtaining a small air conditioner just in time for the mid 90s that are coming tomorrow.
By the time I get off, my hands are guaranteed to be coveres in paint...
Now we speeding down the west side hand creepin upper left side
About Lil wayne performance... like it...
Didn't get carded at the liquor store
went to watch netflix but decided to play Tetris Battle instead because i still haven't chosen anything to watch
I'm just sobbing on this plane. I really might miss vidcon.
Im hype &amp; u can't kill my vibe
I'm sorry but if Jacobs voice was just a regular voice why do I have to change my underwear every time I hear him sing?
Beautiful RT Staying at same hotel as German team.US fans just woke up hotel with chants till scattered by police.Well done
This little white girl is like beyonce dark..! Like daaaaayem
How did I get a mosquito bite under my watch
I just wanna go on a walk like is that too much to ask for
PSA: I'm one of those women who works for an agency who doesn't pay for my contraception due to my gender &amp; religious beliefs.
The boiler in our hotel is broken. World record showering is happening all over the building
I have one on my elbow &amp; it swollen!
why r there twelve half-filled bags of raisins in my fridge ????
3 hour car ride so someone text me
I'm so nervous to find out if I failed or passed this regent no one understands
Never knew my pops was a soccer fanatic.
CHARACTERS WHO ARE TOO RIGHTEOUS TO BE TOGETHER EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE MADE FOR EACH OTHER UGH
I'm the biggest brat ever. Everything has to go my way and it has to be perfect. It's so sad
Why does my mom call me all my brothers and sisters names before getting mine right
Been sleeping all day. I ain't even tired
My last tweet was taken in incorrectly lmao
Need special arctic water
TNA can't wait for R Truth to get released so they can put him in the HOF too!
moes and bluff for Megan adventure day
Bitches really dress wild this time of year
valley girls giving blowjobs for Louboutins. what you call that? head over heels.
I mean no one was really out so it wasn't as embarrassing as it potentially could've been lmao smh
Ainnnn green card...vem nimim!!!
well then if that was the case why not tell me to fall back
Happy Pride Weekend, y'all. Party safe!
Now in just crazy. In totally mad. I'm just crazy. Fucked up in the head.
You gotta million dollar apt. But ya fridge is older than Washington. .. smh
my idea of exercising is jogging around my pool a few times
So emotional right now. I'm listening to Kem &amp; Anita Baker, thinking about what could be.
Don't watch The Fault In Our Stars on your own. Especially when alone in a big city! Amazing film.
Allyfro up in this bish for one more night b4 vaca
lmfao how you gon ask who shot him like he really finna know
Life without you would be like a universe with no stars.
All these tattoos on my skin they turn you on.
That guy dressed up as Teddy Roosevelt is my hero. Murca.
Happy inpendenci day, today 4 de julio \nFeliz dia de la independenciaa ;)
WELL MOM I GUESS YOU CAN JUST LEAVE THE COUNTRY
Literally don't understand what is going on this season of big brother you can't just change EVERYTHING guys
Omg don't nobody care about these lames..
I AM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW I AM SO CLOSE TO THE VAMPS HOLD ME
Keep your mind on your money and don't trust no bitch ...
Tired af but still worked out and went to school
Wine is Bottled Poetry - Robert Louis Stevenson I couldn't agree more Mr. Stevenson
Im just chillin here while jorge is smoking, talk to me guys
HE WAS ON SIDE!!!!
Salty I didn't get to share that experience with you, even if it was months ago.
all I can say about that yayo remix is damn.
Tim Howard is the man!
I've never had a Krispy Kreme donut though
No hay peor error que cometerlo dos veces.
Lol you said you wanted me to stay up...smh
And if loving you is a crime, then tell me why do I bring out the best in you
I love the Sloss Minor record. Power pop is not dead.
Dad was like tf how ypu know this shit ?xDD
Nothing makes you feel more old than realizing that you just overslept and chose getting to your first meeting on time over morning sex.
Pls don't talk to me about Michael doing the sweater hands thing bc I'll probably cry
TAYLOR WILL BE HERE IN LIKE 20 MINUTES
Y'all ain't know jay beating the shit outa bey tho
This mosquito bite on my face sucks
We used to be friends &amp; even back then you would look at me with no hesitation and you'd tell me, \"Baby it's yours, Nobody else's\"
I HAVE A 93.25 AVERAGE OMG YES IM PROUD
Favorite thing to do at work is scout employees and draft them love lookin for dedicated talent
Hope I can go my hair done this Saturday instead of Tuesday
There is no such thing as tailgating in Manhattan. It's just the way people drive.
I'm my work hard play hard shit right now
Take off her clothes &amp; do the honors .
They don't know what hit em
Thunderbolt! Report to me at once.
I love tayler and hayley so much they are amazing
I just want to lay in bed, cry, watch tv, and eat cereal for a month without leaving my room
Don't wanna get outta work ):
I wish it was summer all year round
JP and Lexie are singing on the way home. Its cute.
I just want to be happy for once
That feels so good!
Alright guys lets be honest for a moment.. I'm probably nicer to Austin than I am to Karalyn. Unless Karalyn and I are picking on Austin
Labraya just reported this girls videos on Instagram private because she doesn't like her
Wow 7 years ago I didn't have boobs
If kd was on the Knicks ball would be life
\": defensive sub late in game only.\" We can only hope. I DO NOT WANT HIM REGULARLY IN THE LINEUP! I cant let him
Just emailed someone telling them \"I was away from my desk all day\" ... That's usually code for 'playing golf.' Sadly, not today.
\": BUMBOCLAAT GOAL !!!\" !!!!!
any opinions? everyone feels the same way? ok, great.
Is it just me, or is the the only with the FEMALE voice announcing train times?
I have trust issues like a Mf
If we were rooting for World Cup matches based upon quality of food, we'd be pretty disappointed by Costa Rica defeating Greece.
Got a jeep...and Kim is over here like no you didn't....hurt my feelings Bruuh
I'm so surprised I'm burnt for sitting in the sun for 20mins....said no redhead pale person ever.
I can't do long distance relationships.
I heard Boko Haram kidnapped 60 toddlers... Toddlers for God sake
I lalalalallalalaloveeeeee you but shhh it's a secret.
Text me for plans, fellow graduates
Francesca just took the mattress off her bed and put in the other room but left the bed frame
Wow Lebron off of pArker and Parker goes off lol
6 mo ago emerg unemp stopped. Now fastest job growth in history (Obama). Libs said people would be starving not working.
Lye down with me and hold me in your arms.
Adoro el verano, puedo dormir 24 hrs !!!!!
Mom get out of the fucking bathroom so I can fucking shower I really don't want to deal with anymore of your shit.
That's it, high school's over for me. Took my last final exam yesterday night. Now for graduation and it's all officially over.
Out nd abouttty
4 DAYS IS LIKE NOTHING HOLY CRAP
someone in my house drank all my pineapple juice, I'm lividdddd.
I love living in new york but I feel like I belong somewhere else .
Price of a championship is going down! Just ask the spurs
Life will be complete if the Devs draft Brendan Lemieux
we came full circle, it ended right where it started
Hanging with the devil is a solo performance
Idk why my name is such a fucking problem for every one holy shit HOP OFF
Jk, I can't tweet anything deep with this derpy default pic.
Only been in San Francisco for 5 hours and I'm already loving it!
Does it feel hot to anyone else or is it just me??
It would be great if both Rollins and Reigns both win their MITB matches.
Now This is the SanAntiono Spurs that are the finals champions!
I thought it was going to be a much bigger cut
I need a frappe right now,but I'm on a \"diet\"
There's nothing better to watch than anime....not even porn.
Praying to a sky all black\nLooking at the stars like they finna talk back
drive me crazy, then youu drive me home
You're a handsome hippie therefore ily
my nose will be the death of me
First time in the last few years that I have not spent in a hot wooden box. Today is my ! Yay me!
Every time I park far.... it rains and I have a lot to carry lol
Nice hit, Sexy Beast ! Now, will Boyfriend score?
When the sun starts to go down is my favorite part of the day( :
if you don't go to happy hour after you work did you really work?
Bron still the best tho
Just why can't humans be a tiny bit better.
A huge group of diverse gay men all dressed in the same cute outfit ugh so CUTE
Waking up early is not going to make me a happy camper
I love when girls like my truck
Sounds like the Rangers got a nice reception in Philly tonight.
MESSI BABY GOL !!!!!!
Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean u r happy &amp; having a title dont make it real
to buy free runs or not ?
Idc how old I get I love rolling up in my covers like a caterpillar lol
I'm so happy I went to ono's saw my dream car
Tonight is killer. Caviar and vodka and oysters and cocktails and omggggg. Thanks for this amazing evening.
Lmaooo the memes just started
The feeling of getting a tattoo literally makes me wanna go to sleep lol is that normal? I be hella drowsy haha
\"I love you. You make me feel like I'm watching a new David Fincher trailer for the first time.\" - how I want to be proposed to
USA USA USA !!!!!!!
\"I just can't believe this shit at all\"
My boy is gonna kill it tm night in his first mma fight, no need to wish him goodluck.
\"if the female dies, it counts as rape\" sounds exactly like an actual quote and not a strawman made by anti-feminists.
\"I'm in the arms of my first love\"
GOD is NOT a man that He should lie!
Id take R. Kelly over any modern singer
Someone bring me some food plz
Yes honey yessssssssssssssssssssssssss
I wanna do something productive but im so lazy
Duda &gt; Ike; Drew not hitting, Tejada w\/ good OBP; CY has 3 HR in 2 days; Grandy on fire - must feel good to be Sandy Alderson right now.
Neymar fuera de la copa gracias al sendo rodillaso del colombiano :----)
I'm about 95% sure I'm finally getting my hair done this weekend !!!(:
fruit loops at night are the best fruit loops
Ghana is playing aggressive lol
Those heels killed my feel lastnight. But I sure did look cute in them so it was totally worth it lol.
\": 'This is so different from the control system'\". Actually and not as great but still dope!
Who needs ?!! I get all my drama from the .
There actually are some decent people in this fucked up world
The way society makes people feel about how they look is just awful. Who cares how much you weigh or what color you are? Just be you.
Just got pulled over for \"violating the hands-free law\" because I was licking an ice cream cone
26 years old and still can't sleep at a decent time...my insomnia is becoming more of a chronic thing
Being a lump of shit on Netflix is 100x better then being bored to death by you
I feel like everyone is tryna find someone to text right now lmfao
LAST DAY OF BIO I MUST BE DREAMING
The behind the scenes whisperings of Zelda
when the last time you did something for the first time?
Dinner with Having Mongolian Grill. It's good.
hey mexico and all other losers in soccer..you just have to wait 4 years for revenge..that's all
Our fishies are going to get jealous because we're spending so much time with the new lizard and not them
Anybody got pancake mix
I know y'all saw that bang
So I saw Fred Armisen perform stand up last night @ the Comedy Cellar . Unexpected and awesome
Julian Greene time!!!
New drinking game: Every time they mention Landon Donovan not being on the team take a shot
My dad swear he young lmao
Just sent Kirk the saddest possible face on the planet because he's a fucking pussy
Stiles like dont u kno the meaning of hit it and quit it
New York City, the city which drains your phone's battery faster than any other.
Wtf was that
I love how the throbbing pain in my fcking big toe is not allowing me to sleep rn
Think I just burned three fingers fml
Something wrong. I hold my head.\nMJ gone, our nigga dead!
Lol I can fasho take a hint. Gotchu.
My summer has been 10% awesome, 90% shit
I am notorious for falling asleep during movies...aka right now.
Last retweet your a joke
Rudy reminds me of Luis from loll
Damn. They only guy I actually like
We should have brought Donavon .... We need him now ... With alitdore hurt ...
Anddddd here we go again!!! The cruelest part of the game! PK shoot out time!
While you all sleep little fucking bugs crawl on you. And stare at you. And molest you. Goodnight
Molly and that whiskey , that's Monica Lewinski
Heard you not the type that you take home to mom \nIs we fuckin when we leave the club or nah
ASDHJKLAFGHT!!!! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
What channel dose the fosters come on direct TV
I'd @ him for ya, but I think I've done enough damage.
They don't love you no more
Death and a vacuum are very much alike. They both suck.
TCNJ practice the day after my graduation party...this should be fun.
Why did I never try blueberry bagels before?
When your mom talking about you with her friends and you're in the same room.....
Cleaning my iPhone homescreen is as rough as cleaning my room.
when mr bund tells u u got above a 90 on the regents
Dreams about laundry tons of laundry
He's never gonna leave me you cow. Quit being such a jealous bitch, and get over it. You look dumb.
\"You haven't even eaten your banana yet you're just sucking it\"
Sentir tu apoyo es una de las formas de hacerme sentir cuanto me amas.
Deep down I know this will never work but you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt
\"If quantified self doesn't leave Silicon Valley, it really doesn't do us any good\" - at
Baby hairs all over my face and it's tickling my face can you not
females who can actually sleep comfortably with a bra on are so SUS
Its like all the Ghanaians in NY are in ONE BAR.
Ohhhhhhh ginobli wilin!!
How long does it take to beat Gone Home? finally downloaded it and I'm going home to NY tomorrow. SEEMS LIKE AN APPROPRIATE TIME.
Slept like a baby
Level 29 of Candy Crush is killing me.
Chase Whitley just giving up rockets so far. Been fortunate.
I act different because I'm stronger now
so many beautiful specimens watching this Ghana vs USA game right meow, I just can't.
Kawhi Leonard, who lost his father a few years ago, is playing for more than a Championship tonight.
why does it gotta rain on July 4th
\"When you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up but you gotta search within you,you gotta find that inner strength\"
I hate fake people like keep that away from me.
if what we had was real how could you be fine?
Wish death on your whole family if you ever lie to me
Your startup solves a big problem. But your solution creates other small problems. Know what they are and how to mitigate them.
TGIM. Thank god its Monday! !!\n
Brueggers has red white and blue bagels lets hoooooppp
Should I watch the World Cup or Babard?
Musically I think I've created a ridiculous hook. I want my stuff 2b hot! I'm not tryna hear no one say \"u shld a did this or tht\"
I couldn't tell you why I do some of the shit I do ..
Just got done watching Sundays bro v bro luv that show especially all the eye candy
\nproud of you
I wish I never let watch 8 mile
the traffic in santa clarita makes me wanna cut a bitch
I keep trying to listen to the album as a whole but I keep repeating tenerife sea its so captivating and beautiful
The older I get the younger I realize I am
Can't fucking believe I actually woke up and came to school this early b smh
Why the Fuck do people \"juice\" their food? Just eat that shit. You think cutting 31 calories gonna make you skinny? GTFOH
I thought high school was over? Lol
I may be crazy but I know it's the right thing to do
jacob got swag
Rockaway Taco appears to be unanimous.
Great save Tim Howard
my sister asked if the tweets about the bitches behind me were on my private, &amp; I said no bc I literally don't care if they see it
I'm so excited for this hot dog competition
This loves enough for you. This loves enough for me. Why can't we overcome this gravity?
they all got they hands up \ncus they fuck with me hands down
I have sooo many friends I consider as close ones it's hard to keep in touch with them all as much as I try.
I'm not scared of what will happen, I'm scared of what never will.
Back when I was in highschool....
I'm still not over it, 30 more seconds that's all
L Train is down. GO USA!
It's pouring and people r showing up to the beach in their bathingsuits
Dempsey!!!! Too good
Who knew that the store at the end of my street sold bongs, beer AND porn
I should never enter a store when I'm upset
I'd definitely go D1 for beer pong
On my way to my second home...
So bounce was popular for like a week
\": Snapchat \"best friends\" will get you in trouble.\"
just remembered im dying my hair tonight *tear
omg I h8 kids so much
Makes me so happy that my Nino finally is comfortable expressing his gay sexuality. I love him. Admire him.
I swear every night around this time my phone wants to start actin up
Seen my son Kay An Kurr at Monroe thr bro nem
Headed to show, have to keep posted about via Twitter! Hopefully Flyers make some sweet moves!
Met shot guy but he's turning 20 ugH
Goooood morning, it's game day USA!
At least 2 months without one hah.
Sike af, there is no such thing as homie shit anymore
I wish I knew how to take selfies
Me and syd have accomplished our goal of everyone thinking were dating yaaaaaaaaas
lol k cool thanks bye
Haven't seen a movie in forever
Regardless win or lose you go down with your squad lebron just got me mad on some coward shit
My dad really doesn't know when to just shut up and be proud I'm doing something with myself
it's cool when you live like right next to a nuclear power plant and you get an \"civil emergency\" warning on your cell phone
SIMPLY THE BEST COUNTY
Ohkay I'm sorry but straight men should not wear lightweight \"fashion\" scarves ever.... Or really any kind of scarf
Nothing is more relaxing then being able to stay at the beach all day and all night everyday drinking beer and hanging with family
Sometimes I feel as if I'm surrounded by idiots
There's a player named Socratis playing this game. So much win.
Tell that bitch we don't want no sex, tell that bitch eat eat
oh hell no nOBODY MAKES MY SONY ANGRY I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS
You just rocked Bedford ave
always feeling some type of way
I hav way too much ambition and am too intelligent to b stuck where im at right now. Need to start being proactive and make some changes
What's a boy to do when he gets home but order some cheap Chinese food.
I think I got to sync my body clock correctly. Time to work on waking up early to jog.
Cause you're a good girl and you know it
wtf are poppers
Plane struck by lighting = A whole new noise I didn't know I could make! It's quite normal apparently, the lightning, not the noise.
why hair cut its so f...k..ing expensive $15.
Can't always be miracles, friends. Let's hope D-No is okay.
I haven't seen Leah in a whole day and um well that's not okay
Noones there for you at the end
It's only a matter of time
That one Prince Royce song slap lol
\"All I can say is I love you , and hope that Changes something\"
Lmao I knew there was a catch to cenas 15th title
i dont even know who this guy on ghana is but his hair is cool
I mean the best penis I've had came frm 2 skinny niggahs and that's only cause they were big ... I couldn't even handle the penis lol
I'd rather be single for the rest of my life then date anyone just to be in a relationship.
No one is MAKING us sin or recant our faith over here in America. The nation is in debt but you wouldnt know it by looking at us, and yet...
I'm so torn too
I'm not a net fan but Jason Kidd is a prick
I can't get mad over a nigga that ain't mine but I could slap a bitch for Tryna be funny !
yessss\": A real woman wants a man to take control in the bedroom.\"
The Bible tells us not to fear any .
Shhh phones not on airplane mode
Tbh I'll be in practice clothes this whole week
Camp is fun. I'm the only American surrounded by British people and now I'm picking up an accent!
I want you to fight for me, always. Even if it's me giving up and saying goodnight too early.
you can take your words and all your lies
Suga, suga how'd you get so fly?
where it's @ tonight besides NRG
Hi I like your pic minus the bitch in the back. K.
That's the way to start the game!
TELL ME HOW I CAN MISS SO MUCH BUT IVE NEVER MET HER?!?!
$12.50 for Broadway mall movie theater WITH RECLINING CHAIRS. Definitely coming here from now on
Ohh ight he did
(23) Tommy Robredo def. Lukas Lacko 7-6, 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
After I take this damn drug test I'm smoking a shit load to blunts!!!!
What the hell is this post-bachelorette show ? I'm uncomfortable
Worst thing about this pain is that doctors asked me to draw less... to rest my body for a week+...U all have no any idea how hard that is
JJ Abrams for VII, Rian Johnson for VIII. Who's on your Ep. IX wishlist? My pool: Alfonso Cuaron, Edgar Wright, Gareth Edwards, Guillermo..
I definitely wasn't hugged enough as a child
What the fuck come on
Actually I got a 66
I really despise when people say shit like, \"oh, now you like soccer?\" Fuck off, who cares. Let people bandwagon and root for
Thoughts that get me through an 11-hour shift: \n\"I packed a great lunch!\"\n\"Remember how liberating taking off my bra will be afterwards...\"
my new son
how does one study
I SHOWED MY SISTER A BUNCH OF FAKE SNAPCHATS AND SHE THINKS I KNOW THE BOYS BC OF THEM LOL SNNAMDKSKSJSJSOWKDNSN
So many girls acting like they are genuinely interested in soccer because of the World Cup
Anyone else re watching the end if today's game on ?!
Bring on the rain and thunderrrrrrrr
Huberts really Mexican ! he just denying he got really mutha Fucken burnt
Solely based on watching, soccer players plead for the most unnecessary attention for the most minimal injuries\/ boo boos
Krista if you don't call me back in 5 min I will assume you died and call 911
Sam makes me feel bad when in reality she pissed at the whole class rip
We all know you a fuckin liar lmfaoooooooooooo
I love Quentin Tarantino movies
Jermaine jones is the dude
Ugh I have zero tolerance for petty\/immature people. Grow the fuck up and stop playing games.
Shut up... have a cup of water and chill out
Spurs are just dominating the life out the Heat
you can't trust a bitch that don't smile with her teeth.
I wonder how long it would take me to run to Courts house
I know its Americas Day, but Lets go Germany!
Louie V chucks, no love for sluts
I could honestly cry right now,never been so annoyed &amp; upset..
Party all the time party all the time party all the time
What motivates me? The simple fact that GOD believes in me.
I need to get a job and stop looking at all this silly shit on twitter
Republican analogies are the Worst! Alan West \"Iraq (Now)is 100 times worst than Cambodian killing fields\" cause of Pol Pot Obama
this shitty weather has got to stop
Currently reading: Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
the speech jammer app is so entertaining!
5 months after listening to the same song I realize I've got the lyrics all wrong. Why do artists insist on singing things weird?
Bosh and wade not dead ass ???
Windy days like this make me glad that I always wear shorts under skirts.
Wtf! Why are people spelling \"babe\" ...bae ?!? Like go back to school wtf
No joke, my highlight was the 75 minute Harold team history lecture by Will Hines and Chris Gethard.
lo que fue ya no sera!
The other person who lives in my apartment is playing the ukulele very poorly and slowly driving me insane.
I just bet my college counselor if I don't get a 3.4 first quarter I have to shave my head...
JB and Selena are back togetherrrr yas
\": lol lol too heavy for morning na and I'm not having a hangover!\" Ahhh...i understand now
acabei de criar mais um user de ahs palmas
esse gol do messi
Just started on the living room. There's popper and lube in here too... But this time it's mine.
I do not understand so many things
Can I please go out tnnn
Son I wanna go to pio pio
Staying in bed and watching Netflix
baths are great when you feel like poop
Can I just excuse myself from this ?
A few more hours left in NYC and then i fly home.been a grdat holiday except for finding out my unit has been burgled
Rick ashley will let you borrow any movie in his collection all but one. Never gunna give you up.
I had one of shittiest weekends ever
girlllllll it's not my fault I'm better than you
Good job Wade
Believing that people are genuinely nice will be my greatest downfall..
The fact that now has hash flags makes my day
Everyone got me to start smoking again and see where it left me? Eating a bag of chips and salsa to my face.
*At park*\nLittle girl: My name is Brianna Guess how old I am\"\nMe: 7\nHer: WAAAAY OFF YOU CRAZY?\nShe was 8!!!!
I had no idea Tyson chandler left the Knicks smh
Di maria is pure class
Need to learn to trust my gut more, cant stand when I knew the answer to a test n let someone talk me out of it
Feel like the referees are all on the US side
Mom why are you vacuuming the whole house rn...
I'm telling myself ima wake up and go to the gym in the morning... We will just have to wait and see haha
I seriously haven't been up this early sense the Friday before the last day of school.
Irina Dvorovenko ... Wow I see why not too many classical dancers are judges! She is not crazy about anyone. Lol!
I'm going to start using Foursquare
11:44 OJALA ME DEJE EL AVION BWAAAJAJJAJA
When Norwood came up i thought 'he's looking saucy, it's time for a homerun' but I never thought he'd actually hit one.
Why tf do i even try with you
Well goodnight waking up at 8 and getting ready for the game !!!!!!!
About to bubba gump it up
We aint afraid of any team lets get this W sunday ! vs ya se armo
Congrats to the Spurs though. They really weren't playing any games. They got what the wanted.
Love when my coworkers surprise me with breakfast
Either it's going to be completely dead at work today or super busy . Which one it will be . I don't know .
Stop looking for my girl ass out the bottom of her shorts.
Loving you makes me so sick I can't stand you
I'm about to hit da floor tonight but i'm fuckin tired ...
Ima just be a cold hearted bitch forever because your niggas are for everyone
Happy Birthday !!! Miss u girl &lt;3
Lmao Ronaldo's facial expressions are hilarious
And I am too lazy to go buy something
Wish you were my soul mate
I should have been born in the 20s
King George III wrote \"nothing important happened today\" in his diary July 14th 1776
I ain't showin nobody love anymore nigga.. It's a wrap for allat
Reckless without a reason.
I always come home from the river with way to many bruises that I cannot even explain
I'm not going to your graduation u conceded prick of brother smh
When your neighbors don't recognize you because you're wearing glasses
US IS GOING ISANE!!!
Early morning spinning, spa day, hanging with and dinner on the beach
kid cudi: have you ever been to heaven at night \n\nme: yeah rn
I may not know exactly who I am, but I know damn well who I wanna be
People using the internet to ask for money is actually panhandling...
Nobody wants to see your making out videos on fucking Instagram.
I think I wanna have a party for my birthday
It's interesting how so many people invest so much time in other people's lives
I've only been on one real date tbh
Wish I was watching the
\": I dont like alcohol\" I've never drank so I wouldn't know.
Forgot I had something due in english till 20 mintues ago. Stupid online classes
hey brandon snapchat me back
Stick to football Haley lol RT : Give credit where it's due. Brons an amazing athlete.
Reinstated my General Assistance welfare from the County of San Mateo.
I'm basically sore in every position except laying down.
The type of money that make a good girl wanna get slutty
I hope dwade don't opt out of his contract !
I PASSED AP BIOLOGY ALERT I PASSES AP BIOLOGY
I'M FREAKING OUT IT'S THUNDERING SO LOUD I'VE ALWAYS BEEN AFRAID OF THUNDER AND LIGHTNING
You can be so hot but if your personality is shit then so are you
Punched them in the face
I've got so much to look forward to
Love never felt so Good : ) and
Yo solo quiero ser feliz, pero cupido no quiere :((
I like shopping with my sister because she doesn't let me buy ugly stuff
Ang dami kong pasa. Yung totoo? Natulog lang naman ako a
I just wanna be Shailene Woodley.
Newsies closing to me is heartbreaking. I'm honestly in shocked disbelief.
They said \"all over\" no it's not all over it happened one fucking time get a grip on your life and grow the fuck up.
ION WORK AT DA ZOO GET DIS MONKEY OFF MY BACK
Most of these niggas be bluffing they ain't getting no money
Sitting on the couch eating cookies because I don't know how to work the tv
Always trying to turn my music on before my car
teen wolf in ten minutes omg omg omg
:) + brunch + coffee + = I am in my happy place!
If you have sex you will never get married. Who wants to buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?
I woke up from a nap and you still a hoe
Wait wtf when did Doriano do guest vocals for Sylar? W O W I don't even notice anything. I should probably look at the band more often
Dolph ziggler 20-26 very good in ladder matches
why is try to sound like she from the hood when she from &amp; has an accent
Deliver us from evil looks so good deff gotta see it
Corporations are people. With free speech. And now they have religious beliefs.
We'll see who turn the fuck up tomorrow night. SOE vs. PCS
I'm off it in the party, she ride me like a Harley
Sometimes...\nThe person you want the most,\nIs...\nThe person you need the least
I've been notified by that Marcos Ambrose is actually 1st Mexican to win a NSCS race.
I neeeeed opportunity
His nose is definently broken
when people ask me how much i make at google im like... where's your common sense? you don't ask people how much they make the fuck
This has been the longest car ride ever.
I'd break my bones just to hear your name
This is my last tweet goodbye
The storm of our creation\nnow heading away\ninto the purgatory\nof you &amp; me\nWe fight with such regularity\npeople say\nwe must be married\n
Due to the nice lady next to me I held in every single fart on that plane. Lord help me.
Never any service in enclave. Why???
That broken nose though ..
The uniform looks like what The Fresh Prince of Bel-air would wear in the
Small world, met an incoming 1st year in my CPR\/First Aid recert. So excited to see her enthusiasm
Someone stay up all night with me
Happy Independence Day!\n\nAs the Fourth of July...
I have to go to the restroom but now Dempsey got me stuck at my seat smh
for all I know you could be talking to those \"hoes\" lmfao
Looking like one of those long sleepless nights full of every thought and feeling my mind can pull together
fuck yeah best day ever
Marty comin clutch, saved me 5$!
i honestly wanna watch anime rn but tired
I'm having a really bad anxiety attack right now ..
My dad has a weird obsession for little African Figurines lol
My momma has been sending me to do so much lately
Just start the Spurs parade cause it's over
Crazy going is I hate to see other people in need .. But I'll struggle before they do .. But the one time I say I need to keep some of my
Universal studios was boombbbb today. Had alot of fun.
Hooked up my music to the speakers that make my whole house shake and now me and my mom are having a dance party
Emily Hughes is the sassiest person I've ever met and I can't take it
I wanna make up right now now now, I wanna make up right now now now.
Teen wolf just keeps getting better n better each time
Just heard what I think was a manhole explosion on York Avenue and I don't think I need to hear that again.
Welcome to the island Dal Colle
+1 RT : People really don't understand just how much I hate talking on the phone.
Making a game with an actual budget feels fucking glorious.
If you don't like it bish suck it
My sister is so fucking annoying all she does is tell bevz stories like anyone that has met her will defend me on that one drag STFU
finally catching up on ~_~
\"You ever see anyone get blown out of a canon? You kids missed the good stuff\" ok dad
\": Real is so rare these days\"
As if two younger siblings aren't enough, my moms hosting two Russian boys for a week.... SOS
I remember I was vibing out and dancing and kept elbowing this dude on the head. He kept looking at my every single time hahahahah AWK
No les pasa que todo es flores y arco-iris hasta que el internet se pone lento y les dan ganas de matar a todos.
Dakota's either extremely funny and makes me laugh until I throw up or he isn't funny at all and makes me suicidal there's no in between
Heaven help the fool who did me wrong, it's too late, too bad, I'm too far gone
Tbh chase your dreams bc nothing is impossible once you put your mind to it.?
Can someone give me a ride home? I'm at brigettes.
Just met Tyne Daly. She seems lovely.
Main criticisms from the senior players were 's continued faith in , &amp; choice of headquarters for World Cup.
All I'm doing tomorrow is sleeping and laundry lol
Can't wait to see the spurs make the heat cry tonight
Who do you actually think you are lmao
Yea yea yea, booty is life but it don't matter if ya face is busted
That Eddie's Theme is too much and many memories\n
\"You deserve the kind of love you would give to someone else.\"
i can probably recite every word to Grease and The Breakfast Club
This bitch always tries to copy everything i do, wear, and errthang. Shits annoying
going to work looking like a bum...sorry kids
I would like to go for a cookout but the job call me
25 miles, 26 riders. Largest ride I've led yet. Great day out with the
What the heck is NICK wearing?
Even though I can't watch Teen Wolf qI know on here the episode will literally be typed out for me by everyone so no loss ;)
If Josh gets sent home, I'm auditioning for the next Bachelor
Drove on the freeway by myself for the first time today. Woooohoooo
You can't hit home runs unless you take big swings. Sometimes, you don't connect with the ball in show biz, either. Next!
Who goes shopping on the 4th of July?!? I mean, really???!???? Malls should be closed.
22 Jump Street! We are IN
Why is this bridge under construction again..
GOOOOOOOOL OH MY GOD DEMPSEY
Simply because they don't like with my opinions
It's no good unless it's real.
Some people, their breath come out of a warm place.
Holy fucking cars in my neighborhood
I wonder if churchville had its graduation
the story so far is going on soon gOODBYE
it's almost 3am why the fuck am i awake
We all have that one bossy friend ....
I wonder how many people wish I didn't have a twitter
That nigga going come back to the states and get dumb brain
I didn't see tonight's main event on because my cable box went out\n : ( OMFG\n\n
the fact that i am exposed to freshly baked pizza for five hours straight almost every day, and not 900 pounds is my greatest acomplishment
I'm so happy and grateful for feelings I can control.
Idk what's the point of Learning all these molecular formulas :-(
They telling me to change how I'm living but it's all I know
RT : This is great. McDaniel isn't giving up. MT : My interview this evening w\/Chris McDaniel
Do you remember what it felt to sincerely love?
DO YOU GUYS LIKE MY @ NAME
It's a metaphor, see You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.
Hershey's Spreads tryna steal Nutella's business
ruling a massive victory for the , religious freedom and unborn children.
If I ain't get to play a lot this weekend imma be pissed
How can you date someone who's a fitness nut, but your like 300 lbs!?
Anyone want to come over for FLIP CUP BRUNCH?
Why do I have to take my nail polish off to get my wisdom teeth taken out??
National champions for the first time! Congrats ! That was some series.
Where was this shoot out in the 2nd and 3rd qtr?!
*and R. Kelley pulls out his gun*
im awake and hungry and no one is home fuck
this is deadass the best boondocks episode so far all season
does tanning burn calories
Knew Costa Rica would win off of PKs
facetime when I'm gone, she give me dome from a distance
...thus, money must make people sick.
Done with dinner. Going times square later. Yayyyyy
Fuck it, Audi of Wallingford, here I come
\": you're full of secrets i'm dying to know about.\"
I just don't know what to say
Im down to sock my brother rn for bumping country music on our way home from vegas but im afraid he might crash
no upper body strength but I could probably crunch your skull with my thighs
but why is she wearing his american apparel underwear
Stop favorting my fucking tweets and leave me the fuck alone damn
Off the woodwork too.
... and we would cook cornmeal porridge, of which I'll share with you
I remember when I was tall back in like first grade
When the guy at the pizza place gives Nicole his number in a napkin&gt;&gt;
I swear there is a party every night in the upper east side like what
LOL I GUESS SAID IT'S TOO DARN HOT LET ME LOSE THE VEST BUT YOU STILL LOOKING DARN GOOD WITHOUT
LMFAOO , should I blow this niggas spot ?
I literally agree to any plans anyone tries to ever make with me because I know you're all flakes and I won't actually have to do anything
Can I ask why five seconds of summer release everything for the USA , Mexico , Canada etc , always last ? I want your music now !
fun fact: haven't bitten my nails since me and ainsley met cause she changed my life
4 vs 1 who do u think u are sam
John don't do this to me
PRETTY WHEN YOU CRY IS MY FAV SONG OFF THE ALBUM TBH
Amanda just put butter on her rice
Pandora is doing me so good rn.
Vee is too damn nice in Friday Night Lights... I'm still waiting for her to turn around and be a bitch.
3 day weekend! I haven't been off on the 4th in forever. Couldn't sleep in though. GERvsFRA coming up &amp; then cookout! HAPPY 4th of July!
I pray jhene performs and wins cause I fasho voted idc
Howard is a straight baller
\": Tickets for at on July 4th are now SOLD OUT! See you all there next week!\" Cannot wait
\": Lynsey and I are synced\"
NOW THAT WAS AWESOME.
if someone else has your attention too, i don't want your attention at all .
Dammit, I had a flaw in a tweet so I had to delete it. -.-
AM I THE ONLY INE WHO THINKS CODY FROM BIG BROTHER IS YOUNG JOHN TRAVOLTA HAHAHAHA
I just told a times sq Michael Jackson impersonator \"no\" &amp; he said that I was freaky????
Ajmo sad svi BOSNA
Gekas is probably getting yelled at in the locker room
Donnie mcclurkin and tamela mann my two choices
.I'm not a victim of violent gaming; I'm a survivor of violent gaming
Just because he is black
Say yes to the dress. but I'm not getting married ever so..
Currently taking some personal time to conduct career searches. Thank you all for continuing to follow ! YOU ARE APPRECIATED!
Im too sensitive and live in the past too much
No thats the game 5-0 son
Brian \"I looove lesbians , sweg\"
If you want to say something, then say it, because you might regret it if you don't.
YESSSSSSSS LETS GOOOO
Me preguntan porque no quiero ir a Ecuador y respondo, \"Esta lleno de un pilo de mamavergas que me buscan cuando quieren algo\"
Rip Micheal Jackson. U r truly missed
Isn't Gabapentin supposed to relax you why am I bouncing off the walls full of energy what is going on
Lebron look like he bout to cry on the bench
If my significant other exists somewhere out there yep
I forgive you for the truth, I liked you better when you lied
PUT SOMETHING ON MY STORY THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SENT TO MY COUSIN AND I JUST SAW NOW
Love 3 year schedule! Exciting! Love w\/ &amp; !
who wants to be reckless tonight w me!!!!!!
Nahhh... the last time was last year lol RT lol yeah yeah yeahhhhh...10 years ago
uno no cambia por nadie no se crean esa mentira.
Hate when I tweet straight gold and no one is awake to read it
why does this happen so much
Last night was one of the best nights ive had in a long time
He was on before? RT : This nigga nick fell off
Its crazy to me that quads husband is a psychiatrist and is such an idiot when it comes to relationships!
Jermaine I will never forget the strong impact you've had for so many members of our community, especially Jonas and Asa. We will miss you
Been waiting for this shit and I'm gonna miss it cause of fucking work
Good luck to as she takes on Blackberry Ridge Golf Course today!
Just saw one of Cuomo's sham, scam, slap in face to businesses \"tax free NY\" commercials. Barely kept my dinner down. What a farce.
Now mf's want to hit me up on some worried shit\n\nNow mf's wanna ask if everything's good\n\nFuck off
Tiene que decretarse un no se puede, o un imposible, para que lo sobrenatural de Dios intervenga y lo haga posible.
I will cut you out I don't care who you are if you will hold me and my family back. My parents have worked too hard for me to throw it away.
I love America
NYC I'M HERE
\"Hands held high, DREAMS reach higher..\" -
Pretty sure I just saw someone I used to train with on SYTYCD
How is it that Kat and I just needed to go to cvs for tampons and walked out with $70 worth of shit...
Holy shit that's how you start a match!
I am a firm believer in NyQuil.
Ah my legs feel like dolphins
I'm through fuckin with these bitchass bitches
Pinterest keeps me inspired and motived....how did i go through life without it
Can we go back in time to where my car would be able to fill up w $20?
Being woken up to a baby screaming is torture
Dempsey just got hit with some sweet chin music
Knowing that im 5 years behind where i planned to be life sucks. When will it turn around, ffs!
The real question is will my mom let me go to la by myself
I love that fact that my girlfriend can cook
\"It only me &amp;Jakey Pes cuz the crossfire a coupe..\"
Just 3 more long weeks until i move into my dorms. Bruuhh i swear i camt wait
Its always RIP
Just finished driving around a tractor for a solid hour and a half.
Had a great few days at . Highlights were , &amp; in 's suit. :)
Sick of the bull shit
Sitting back and realizing how blessed I am.
Pottery painting, girls night was a great time to unwind!
Idk about this pride shit frfr
I wanna waste my summer nights with you
Im going to Michigan in 9 days holy fuck
Is it weird that I feel really put together when the towel I wear on my head and the towel I wear on my body after a shower match...
All I want in life is a husky. Is that too much to ask for?
I just got tricked into agreeing to learn how to play golf. Fuck.
Brutti anda a lo del more, lleva plata y el xbox bss
She working overtime getting off at 2am and he's home Chillin.
So can boys bring milkshakes to the yard because I'm really thirsty
Fuuck stayin up late nigga, im goin nite nite.!\n
lust is saturday night; love is sunday morning
Don't know why my mom bought Jamaican cream soda but not complaining
I wish that you were me so you could feel this feeling
Jaime Lannister looks exactly like Charming from Shrek 2 and therefore I cannot take him seriously*.\n\n(* I'm only on season 2, no spoilers)
Kobe's gonna work his magic and get Melo
I wish there was a lip biting emoji
Precious fat\nAnd she likes it from the back\nSo I dont squish hre stomach when I'm eatin her cat
One thing I don't play with is my money
I'm tired of Mimi &amp; her stupidity. You can tell by Niko's stupid grin that he set this shit up. Stupid.
Growing with him Justin Bieber
lmaooo shanked it.
Ooooooooooooochooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa (comme le gueule le commentateur mexicain)
No one has ever been remembered by history for maintaining the status quo.
Where's the red card??
I speak on behalf of the holetariat
nice to nice to know ya let's do it again
\"Hey, my name is Elder Mark. And I'm a fucking faggot.\" -
That was a rowdy fun show! Going to sign at the WTK tent around 6:45! See you there.
Pre workout too late=no sleep. Lol fuck
If I was home I would've been out hours ago..
Sweet Thing - Rufus x Chaka Khan
They both look a Mess
Netherlands needs to score dam it
You really are annoying tf outta me real shit
I feel blessed thankful hopeful &amp; determined.
I need 2 girls that want to work on July 5th for $10 an hr. No catering experience needed. It will be simple stuff to do. Text me 5167849943
That was a food asss nap
Don't know what they talking shit for, seems like they can get theirs you just trying to get yours.
And suddenly half a year flashes before my eyes within that split second between light consciousness and deep sleep.
Working on 4th of July might be the most worst thing in America today
STAGE MANAGER WOULDNT LET ME SIDE STAGE. DOESNT HE KNOW IM FRIENDS WITH THE BOYS
How has this guy not stopped talking for 5 hours straight ?
Love when my dad compromises with me by saying \"I'll buy if you fly\"
Is it july yet? I just wanna blow shit up already
Do you like your pick?
But then I got a 100% on my bean trees essay and I didn't even read it
If Dempseys nose is broken...
Alexei Lalas theory that the WTreF handed Mexico the penalty bcause of \"build up tensions\" for missed calls isfucking ridiculous.
shaking with fury
When you get lied to by everyone &lt;&lt;
Money looking like a time line if Jesus was still alive
That dunk tho!
Jurell takes longer than me to shower &amp; he's fucking bald..
Dang getting force to go some place with your parents, really, I'm just trying have good time with my friends
Dylan Brady blocked me on insta
Current status: trying to deep fry Nerds
What happened to Miami
\": I need a black french man in my life.\"
Arrived 0220hrs. Epic thunderstorms with 2-3\" of water on I-88. Done.
i mustve been crawling around on my floor last night w this fucker while i was sleepwalking
My tattoo is the itchiest thing in the works
Honestly, if the bruins can't sign Iginla, they ought to give Brock Holt a tryout.
Hungry af after my workout: \/
Jess is out of control at night
Really who's got miracle on DVD
ISIS US Experts: It's a Proto state. Obama do a Nixon on Iran. Iraq is partitioned 2m refugees on move Iraq NWFP Syria
\": want you to miss me\"
Not a surprise that the Stralman and Rangers talks aren't progressing swimmingly since Andrew MacDonald's deal set the bar for UFA D-men.
Haven't wore my earring in a while
See ya guys in a month or so
What's a girl supposed to do
Haha Madison Bumgarner has a better batting average then the pinch hitters and second baseman!!! LOL
Bout to go get this nigga !!
Srsly if you're in or near Williamsburg, come to Glasslands at 10:15 gonna play so many indie pop classix
How can Ronaldo be so beautiful
Wow what a goal!
Appreciate the people that care for you,cause when you die,those are the only ones that are gonna be at your funeral
No one understands how pissed I am that Ed Sheeran is not coming to California for his tour.
When I want sex its always an inconvenience
Wow what a goal.
tbh i get so horny around this time lol
So let's begin to major in the art of sinnin
hands down Mel is the most perfect person in the world and if you think otherwise you can kindly go fuck yourself
I need to get out. Being in a house all day blows ass.
wtf is happening in True Blood rn LOL
Aimer's new album has been released\nLet us rejoice
Haaaaaaaaang on, Vandy. Vandy, hang on!
U can tell Benzino fake sleeping in that bed. Lmao
I have the taste for the shrunken IHOP pancakes.
Forever a fan of the Die Hard series.
Here we GO galaxy. Here we Go!
Someone just asked if the 1975 was Irish. Done.
Liberals: Aren't you glad Americans has guns in 1776? Oh wait, you're not.
Nigga getcho blass ass up. It's too early for these BS
AND THERE IS NO FOOD IN THIS HOUSE
If you listen I can get you paid
I toot it and boot it, made her feel stupid aha
My son is so much darker lmaoooo nigga really starting to look like Bruno Mars
Have to open the restaurant and manage it for 9 hours then get my coach mike on at passing league right after. This is a grown mans day!!
She want a sex tape I'll give it to her like ugh ugh ugh lol
It's crazy how my dad cook better than my step mom
I really want to bake something today
That shot wasn't sloppy
My older half-bro got in a car accident :(
I deadass hate Lebron James
First rave ever with my best friends for ever
As long as I'm with you it really don't matter
It's 2 am and I'm tryna get in there
Nani is real dangerous.
Happy Father's Day to my dad who had to spend his whole day getting his car fixed because of this dumbass.
If only lebron and melo would both go to the bulls.
AC with the pops tonight for sure
CARLY MANNING JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET IS THIS A JOKE
\"Pace yourself lad.\"
Now that i have money I don't know what to buy lol
Si se puede Costa Rica, fuerza!
I can't take you twitter niggahs serious
I'll be in stockton until Friday, hmu. \nAfter this I won't be back for a while.
Costa rica just survived 60 min of spartan onslaught with 10 men..
I don't trust anyone who can comfortably poop after they shower
\"Have you ever slept with a french awsome guy ?!\" Yes
Wish I could be someone's booty call right about now
Idk everyone hated on the purge like the movie was good
First girl to go car surfing with me.
People swear they know me . When y'all don't know shitt
Come on ziggler is in ure grasp
Are you fr? Lmfao fuck you. Thanks for responding in that way. I can't deal with any male rn smfh
If you ain't got two kids by 21\nYou're probably gonna die alone\nLeast thats what tradition told you\nAnd it don't matter if you don't believe
Come on USA! Just one more!
We all need someone to bring us \"out of our shells\"
Bye sometimes I wish I had a nice suburban family but then I would be bored by there mediocre drama
Me and lilys little brother make fun of how lily can't run together
Had a fun time at tonight. Big thanks to my boy for the seats.
I know she has a lot of great options, but if my sister got into Stanford that would be a dream come true (for me at least)
F\/A for Dallas, X1 coming this weekend, I have LAN xp, DM serious offers only
A girl who needs some new head phones cuz these ear bud things I actually made burn marks on them with my ears
I can never jus sleep through the night ...
Maybe tomorrow I'll finish my center piece more my coffee table
lol. I went over the new speed limit on my bike.
I keep seeing lightning in the distance..I'm scared
Every year when I watch the show Big Brother with my mom, she always talks about how she wants to sign herself up haha
Some guy threw hella ones at myth &amp; I picked up 19$!
&amp; further, when you realize no one thinks you're cool bc you tweet how drunk you were the night before you might make something of yourself
When no one texts me back I kind of just keep texting them
Tickets all booked! Looking forward to finally spending the 4th of July down in DC
You came to shine? Don't let my rain hold you
Boys confuse me so I stay away
Reduce risks by eating organic produce. Grow food. Avoid , , and artificial ingredients.
CONTEMPLATING GOING DOWNTOWN CAUSE RAINBOW FLAGS FREAK ME THE FUCK OUT
\"You want advice, call Dr. Phil.\" Ha. -Harvey
i just cant stand this dude and if i get another bar in me imma get a little too mean
Nelsimar me cantat-t
I hate when people are blinded by drama
Edge of Tomorrow was surprisingly great (and intentionally, successfully funny). Also, so many good Tom Cruise death scenes.
Tf twitter is not lot letting me see any pictures ...
\": Im tired of watching these games alone\" dead fucking ass
Now my nose hurts
I'm either always getting hurt or getting sick. Wtf is this shit
watched Watching ABC on channel 7
Bam. I mean BAM.
More Weird refereeing in World Cup - Greece coach ejected before penalty shootouts.
Family motivation is the best kind
Fulano y mengano, dos ejemplos de vida
You \"love me\" more? don't you mean you love fucking around then coming back to me when you get lonely nshit?
I'm off tomorrow who's tryna get turnt tonight !
its crazy how much things can change in such a little amount of time
Let me hear Diana crunch one more fucking carrot
At least once a week I want to cut all my hair off.
happy Father's Day !!!
Can't take another night sitting in this house
I hate when I get first class and they don't get my drink fast enough.
I HAVE to see the Weeknd, Jhene Aiko, and Schoolboy Q in concert, HAVE to
CAN THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER OR WHAT
This rain is killing my 4th of July vibe
TYBG for my luck in getting tickets
Longest day in a long time because of the long list of things I long to do for myself
Everybody in the party hold your cup high move your body if you twist it scream it loudly!
All these bitches ever have is leather &amp; my fat ass is not about to wear leather
One of the best goals of the tournament!
Everybody got a cold RN ..
Congratulations to my friend Chief Anthony Falco of the Hoboken Police Department on his retirement today--after 41 years on the job.
I need to go to a rave soon
Sometimes I just wish I wouldn't wake up. I'm so sick of this shit. :'-(
Why are my knee caps so dark
Caught a lick n I went n got uh coupe now
Fuck you Ghana
Keep em coming! Thanks for all who posted already clips on Facebook.... Lets spread the light 1 candle at a time! :)
Violent media does not cause violence or aggression in people. There is simply nothing to support it.
the biggest issue with eating less is being hungry more
Idk maybe I'm just overthinking it all
I have a bug bite on my face. Why
OH MY FUCKING GOD YES
I'm getting paid to watch law &amp; order svu rn
Only thing I like in Cortlandt so far is SnapFitness
Hate my friends
don't judge it till ya lived it
I really suck at cleaning because I worry about little projects and never get to the big picture
When my mom surprises me with new clothes! Thanks mama &lt;3
No one ever wants to spend time with me and no one wants to talk to me and no one understands me so I'm done trying.
Come to my work place and order strawberries or mangoes and I'll fking stab you with a knife
Chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito
When you sleep with someone every night... and then have to sleep alone.. it is really lonely
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! 2-1 mother fucker
I hope USA wins Ghana 6-1
\"She didn't say much\" Must have been one of those light skin girls. Maybe next time white guy lol
The Story So Far always makes me feel better.
I wanted to scream \"y'all are very hot\" at the end of the show really badly
People these days are in such a rush to move in together, but don't wanna get married cuz it's \"too much of a commitment\"
This game honestly
\"pera ai livia deixa eu te adicionar no facebook pra vc ver que eu curto a foto de td quanto e menina possivel\"
Your girl got a 99 on my US history regents I am PISSED
Very typical... rain on my day off
COSTA RICA GOT IT NIGGAS LONG LIVE
This Weather Got Me So .. Uncomfortable.
Lmao I'm all for USA winning and all but wtf is up with this world up all the underdogs are winning
The Darkest Timeline is Dead!! Long Live !!!!!
Its been 21 years and 2 days working at Symantec. Great company, brilliant people. I heart SYMC!
Lmaoo the shutter sound in the background is killing me
I honostly can't believe I managed to make myself feel this crapy again. I'm so fucking naive. It's ridiculous.
July fourth and my table wants hot chocolate
I'm not trying to find nobody else to be.
GINOBLI!!! -Charles Barkley
Dempsey gimme that baby
Another chocolate milk mile finished
Welcome to a place where nightmares are the best part of my day
USA USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do I get lighthouse by myself ?
I love the look of candles but hate the way they smell, so I need some unscented ones.
\": This breeze in NY tho\" nigga what breeze? I'm dying up here
Battier flopped and threw Manu to the floor. You never do that to Manu. An angry Manu is death for you
I can't wait to hear your bullshit excuse this time? What will it be? Hmm maybe my shoe laces were untied or my shirt wasn't laying right
I really hate these fags
If one thing I know I fall and I grow
I just remembered that Frostbites is a real actual place in reality. What am I doing? What are they doing for not being open 24hrs?
My birthday is in two weeks. Someone throw me a party.
It's been exactly a year since I moved to boulder.. omg
We're reduced to watching Wimbledon, but who is this Milos Raonic? Mmmm ok you've got my attention...
Pogba is gonna have a big game today
JERMAINE JONES MY FUCKING HERO
At my brother's house looking at 6 seadoos and a boat
\"El hombre perfecto !!! es un tonto o un Mediocre, del que debemos desconfiar\"
Can't wait for tonight!!
Danelle is happy bc NYC tomorrow
Had an absolute blast watching on !! :-D If you get the chance to see it, please do! :-D
school would be alot more simple if everyone just minds their own buisness
Think like a man 2 !!
Green beans and fish for lunch
So proud of dat nigga..
Longest oretga drive of my life
math is Food he and daylyt are the weakest.
\"Girl, don't even get me started on fresas con lechera, that's what I blew all my money on in Carrillo!!! \" -lolololll
Big Thanks to Andrae at for making things right.
Boys are so dumb sometimes damn
The feeling of being alone is the worst feeling in the entire world.
Just do it like you care, girl dont worry bout your hair.
Abby is to funny words tbh.
This line for \"Transformers\" is crazy..... Thank God for Fandango
SOMEBODY GIFT ME LIFE OF THE PARTY PLEASE I BEG YOU
Dating Tip...\nDelay does not mean denial...\nPeople with a SPECIAL calling have to have higher standards!
I don't get soccer but matts forcing me to watch.
Who wants to sell me a visor
Big happy birthday shoutout to my bro !
My cousins are playing floor hockey upstairs and I think the whole house is going to fall on me
My mom explaining the guy: he's tawll dark and handsome loves his motha not too muscular like a meathead but gawgeous .. Icant take her
Bravery or stupidity??
I had such a great dream last night I'm pissed its not real
Just wait now for business to start shooting for entering their business on laws.
I have a strange personality. But a good one id say. I literally dont give a fuck about anything that causes stress. I let it rock
3rd and 4th grade best years
Reading a little Harry potter and I had to stop. Common theme: friendship and love kill monsters and ghosts and other spookies
People have no idea what I'm going through right now but I'm a shitty person sorry.
Who taught you those new tricks?\nDamn, I shouldn't start that talk.
people only love you &amp; support you when it's beneficial.
little miss sunshine is probably one of my favorite movies
I'll tell you one thing: little old Asian ladies sure know how to hustle a 10 minute massage
\"sayang naman thenk yow\" *cheridel voice*
When Milk won he addressed the Castro &amp; said \"we shouldn't be celebrating b\/c we lost on the death penalty\". Profound.
well a semis tire just exploded next to me on the 90 east and scared the fuck out of me
the way I was raised, you use what you have to get what you want.
It's chilly.. y'all still cooking out tho.. I know.... I know
Me not being hungry is a big deal too, bc I'm ALWAYS hungry.
You always realize things too late
Literally when Jones scored I yelled for 3 minutes straight...
get life of the party on iTunes
No matter the outcome, Astoria is gonna get retarded today. They gonna have to bring out the riot squad.
beccas sending me hate on Facebook. wtf
Put in Eddie Johnson now.... Oh wait smh
I'm so fucking sick of everything. I feel dead inside.
It feels like a 'walk across the Willamsburg bridge' morning!
Could you imagine competing if your POV was \"Slow and Low?\"
I wish little things didn't bother me so much
Texting everyone and it seems like I'm being ignored so fuck all them
Hopefully the world isn't ending my birthday is in 4 days
i feet New York and jersey drivers
You can't even answer the phone to sort things out? And I'm immature
i tend to get attached to easily ):
I have an obsession with blasians. Ask los marines, slightly worrisome
how u gunna talk so much shit nd then still act like best friends like BAI UR FAKE
3:20am and only two scenes to go. I forget how much I dislike night shoots.
Mitchell needs to come over already
I dont understand the people that surround me
Chris Rock is the worst! Lol!
Kiss me while I'm wearing my retainers so I know it's real
Ya ever heard of Bengali\/Argentinian children? Well you will one day
Anyone wanna go to active and get some clothes?
Oomf got me tired. Smh
yeah dad leave me in the car with no AC in 97 degree weather thats cool.
u know the RT symbol ima get one tatted
\"That's Joe Biden, the US president... I mean Vice President.\"
what the fuck does she know !
yup and that's why I hate being home
Miss the late night talks and smokes with
the acoustic version of sam smith's latch is so gorgeous that it makes me wish i had a soul
\": I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.\" Thank you &amp; true
Love my friends more than anything right now
Forgetting your headphones for a train ride
Vai tomar no cu messi
I refuse to put my money into any nigga , lol I'm petty so if I did buy you something and we break up that shit coming with me !
And i know as time goes by all im gonna want is you
La fe movio Montana's para Costa Ricai.e !
How no one think that was funny? Fuck u guys.
now Erin realizes it wasn't a good idea to leave me dyingmonthslater
Okay, I think it's been made clear guys and girls should both be treated with respect &amp; love &amp; a lot of other shiet.
I'm seriously on my 9th run through of that 70's show like hot damn
The writer I admired\nuse to bring the fire\nBecame so polished and smooth\nhe lost his edge\nThis is what happens\nwhen you become\ncivilized
caught feelings a while ago. you know this
I'm in the mood to drive to the city I think I shall.
At the beginning of Helicopter by Bloc Party I used to think it said \"Note this out, Angie!\"\nbut it says \" North to south, Empty!\" \nlol :(
I'm fulfilling the role of being a child that everyone says I am by watching toy story
pouahh jvais aller en afrique musicalement mon coeur ouhhh ouhhh la musique kainfryyyyyy
Mountains and valleys, sea shells from a Sally
When my dog finishes playing and cuddles right into me to go to bed is one of the best feelings
\"His bae is his left hand\"
I'm in love with this song
I'm really tired and I'm tweeting more then I usually do
Gooooaaaaaaalllll for !!!
LETS FUCKIN GO
The Bachelorette just let go of the Nicest Guy! I understand that it comes down to Chemistry but I just wish it wasn't him!
I want to travel to space
I wanna see ya work out for me
me and nick drunk ass smoking a Dutch
Anyone who shows this tweet on their phone before 11:00 A.M. gets a free Green Monster!
The word \"soccer\" hasn't been said once since I started working here four years ago and now it's all anyone is talking about. Stopppp.
Every time this nigga isaih hood text me he be like. \"Like my pic on ig\"
I know I am a good kisser
That pussy look like it stinks in that avi.... idc
Getting up in 5 hrs for work. Can't fall asleep. WTH?
I put all of the stress on myself
how about all my annoying faces come smoke w\/ me or your never invited again uglies
I think it's gonna rain wtf.
Mark the most annoying nigga I know but I love him like he's my blood
All in all, ESPN's coverage has been fantastic. Truly feel like soccer has arrived here... For this month, at least.
If you really want to show someone you care... You need to show it to them... You need to remind them
When did Jesse McCarthy get hot
if a monsoon could just pass over bridgewater rn it would be greatly appreciated
Met my favorite Irish\/Spanish investor this week at the module. She's remarkable. Must follow .
Can someone tell me why athletes get paid so much
Can I just get out of this house?
y por ti soy feliz yo por ti pierdo el aliento siento fuego por dentro
Been praying for the BESTT ladies to get there safe and sound.
In that wanna be lovey dovey mood.
You'll always hold a spot in my heart, if you need me one day I'll be here.
That wasn't a typo. I'm a child and I'm uncomfortable by the look of the word \"vagina\" so I say bagina.
Earlier today when I was vacuuming my car at the car wash, I found an old banana peel
I worry about other things too much
all of tm suggested Facebook friends are just the married ones I don't even recognize anymore.
KSJC 041353Z 00000KT 10SM FEW008 15\/13 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP136 T01500128
I shouldn't even be this stressed out. Where's Lizzie when I need her.
The moment where your fingertips reunite with the ivory &amp; suddenly Clair de Lune comes back like an old friend &amp; nothing has changed.
Y'all be actin like y'all never had shit or been no where damn where is the home teaming
Oh look, a giant hurricane is barreling at us. I guess we can be American by watching House of Cards all day?
Never let a good girl go. It's gonna kill you when you watch her be great to another man.
So many memorable moments that happened tonight at the NIP with
Monday, you are a cruel mistress
The world deserves another Burnout game.
All people do on twitter is troll other people. Relax.
Those first serves to save BP went straight to my loins
When I see the fog in the distance I know I'm close to San Francisco
Memo for Willem Visser: Cruijff, Keizer en van Hanegem en van Basten, Gullit en Rijkaard voetballen niet meer.
I'm a different person now, Mexico changed me and made me realize how fucking sick it is to not give a shit about nothing
My nigga Ernie Johnson a real nigga he be knowin
2options A.Study now till I cant mentally do more B.Go to bed then wake up in 3 hours to study. Why cant there be C.none of the above
Keep to myself because the people who really care will make an effort... Especially a after high school
Mom just came home, showed me pics of her and Marc Anthony's son and nephew at a fashion show she went to tonight. My fam be lit without me.
LOT of people on Twitter haven't actually read the decision.
Regardless where you ride in the energy reaches every corner of the room. So glad to cont. experience first hand!
So much American apparel with no 4th of July plans :-\/
Totally forgot about it but.. Got the scholarship for the Grace Hopper conference in October! Yay, see you then, Phoenix :)
as much as i studied for chem, i still feel so unprepared
That make me immature that I enjoy coloring and getting my hands dirty with markers?
Negativity is like Contagious Cancer don't get near it
Stiles with Lydia or Stiles with Malia. Hmm
I live with an African, a Puerto Rican, a New Zealander, and a guy from Beirut... And some guy from Maryland.
Germany seems like the team to like
Pero naa' me dejaron abordar el otro je je je je
Trail PG Mo Williams has opted out of his contract.
Grudge race through the city using only motorbikes.
Apparently SAT scores are posted at 5 am, so I stayed up till now for no reason. Still anxious!
How I am is who I am I'm just tryin to be me so I can be happy simple as that
Already a good game
i can't believe james franco already remade kara walker's sugar sphinx but w his head on it - it's like dude that show is actually still up
i coulda went to bomb hills in SF since I'll be hella close to Bart. damn damn damn.
