Now I walk into the office pet my dog than go back to my room.buddy squeaks his ball and my mom tells him to stop because I'm sleeping
Tenho fontes especialistas em futebol na famila :) sei do que estou falando.
Work is really starting to ruin my summer dude
Vamos td mundo escovar os dentes?qd a gnt acha q a van vai entregar alguma coisa ela vai e joga um balde d agua fria! alice morre alice vive
If you're going to complement a girl over digital communication you should atleast know proper grammar\/spelling
Love having my personal connect he always comes though.
3 x1 USA
THREE PEOPLE JUST SAID MY EYEBROWS ARE ON POINT IM SO HAPPY
What a productive day in ! Looks like I will be coming back multiple times here in the future!
Sooo, right now, life pretty much sucks..
Woah woah woah. New episode of the Boondocks on right now?!?
USA. USA. USA. USA.
MAN IT'S SO HARD NOT TO ACT RECKLESS.
so, how was ?
lil wayne sucks at performing lmao
Talk about your blessings more that your burdens.
I'm officially not attending college right now wtf
I miss the year 1999. The year Bring it On, Never Been Kissed, and 10 Things I Hate About You came out. Classics.
I know it shouldn't bother me but it does
lmao my dad just called me on some wild shit.
I'm about to pass out on these porch steps
Random ass body parts start hurting when I'm tired.
LOL people don't talk shit on you because they want to be you but because they really just don't like you
I think I need to become a crazed inventor or mad scientist, just so my sleep patterns don't seem so strange.
You're ignorant to believe otherwise
I really wanna go to Greece. Wtf.
Wasn't as bad as I thought.. Still scared shitless but could of been worse
im the most impatient person and its really one of my biggest flaws
bought a computer with my own money??? adulthood???????
\": I'm so fuckingg fat idc anymore let the lard pile up\"
watching sailor moon on hulu instead -.-
All these miles apart and my mom is becoming my best friend.
Do you know what hepatitis is? Follow for srs info!
Honestly fuck this study guide I've beeeeeen done with school
1 more day to a very long but very worth it year...
I just came out the mutha fukin old school got my Mac notebook with the pro tools
If America can get this \"running while chasing a ball\" thing down we might have a shot, so far not looking good.
Hell Yeah That's A Great Tag Team Match Tonite \n
Why did I go away again ?
I miss going to hacklebarney park all the time I wanna go again
I've been tired all day idkw
So tell me you love me, only for tonight, even though you don't love me.
My goal this week is to be poolside everyday
I'm at Beckett's Bar &amp; Grill (81 Pearl St, btwn Coenties Slip &amp; Hanover Square, New York)
this isn't a party. It's the end of humanity .___.
And Michael Essien on bench... Wtf
My sister is an ass the china walks in selling DVDs &amp; she comes out of nowhere like my sister wants to know if you have porn mad loud lmaoo
\": Y'all don't care that my crazy cat lady ass is going through a crisis huh\" bruh just chill and feed them
All these fucking bills I can't fucking move ughhh
I want a milkshake.\nOr a bagel.\nIdk what I want
The Ghanaians are lovely when it comes to their cheering. All the dancing and singing. Beautiful.
We and Mr., Mr. Jones got a thing going on!!!
Thank god for Looking forward to the next 3 hours of country music on this road trip back to Philadelphia
Y they had to violate?
MI LOVE BLACK GYAL AND MI LOVE WHITE GYAL!!!
\": I'm here for you. Through whatever, whenever.\"
course track . 7-10am. Tomorrow . Join the fit tribe!!
Cesaro and reigns go into contender match: so fans get the shield all fighting it out and cesaro could win set up tension between him&amp;lesnar
Bro i ordered wings and pizza and dominos
The beds at the dorms are nothing compare to my bed tbh
Down on the west coast, with you for the moment .
Someone lend their booty please. Preferably female booty.
I need to get smashed tonight
Dempsey just schooled that dude...
Not going to lie Lil Waynes beat was dope...
My friend just brought me some bud so loud I can smell it from across the street
Need to start turning negatives to positives
I think I have maxed out how tan I'm going to get...already.
Glad I'm just out of my freshman year so it's ok for me to shit on the next freshman lololol
You don't need a million hashtags under every Instagram post.
USA for the score!!!!!!
Teddy Roosevelt in the stands representing.
Happy Birthday to my future hubby
And it's gone from bad to worse. Padres score two runs, Giants now losing 5-0. And we finally got a new pitcher: Javier \"Dreamboat\" Lopez.
I KNEW HED SCORE THATS WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT USA
So far I could say this years has been really great! It truly has been a while!
Big bag of that, coming back for that
oh por dios tengo miedo...HAROLD ABRAZARME!!!! D:
WAIT WHEN DO SOPHMORES HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW ???
It would be nice if this netbook wasn't w piece of shit
Does anyone ever get the urge to go to a pet store and just pet all them cuties. I want to hug a bunny and play with kittens
my birthdays tomorrow but i dont get my license until the 14th....... = my real birthday will be the 14th
They are playing a remix of the Mario Brothers theme track!!
Me lo aclaro o me lo oscurezco??
Camp hasn't even started yet and I'm already frustrated.
So Ab Soul showed up in NYC with Schoolboy
I'm only doing it for college
Well, how fun is this?!
Sometimes, I stop my whole day &amp; think about him &amp; wonder if he ever thinks about me too...
Chris Fedullo Is eating in the Lebron\/MJ convo
Fox sports west says stay tuned after the game for recap on the Kings.
Bless Rosa's heart for saving my coat I have on hold at Kohls and they were cleaning out all the holds. Thank god she was there to save it.
Talking with Sk about caribou court and Rachel just goes, \"I was there when Michael Jackson died\"
amanda seyfried reminds me of hahahahaha
Looooonnnggg week. Over 1000 miles on the car, 2-3 jobs a day and 20 12 year olds at the house tomorrow. Definitely beer thirty!!!
I wish periods were like u go to the bathroom once and it's over with your not pregnant congrats
I LOVE DAD he just came up and was like \"it's good to see you guys again take lots of pictures and tag us and we'll rt the crap out of it\"
Holy shit that was fast .
I am the only person up
Lmaooo this nigga johns snaps are funnyy as fuck
The great flood, fictitious as it may be, would have been the greatest genocide the world has known &amp; 'god' ought be held responsible.
If you following me big ups just don't get mad if I don't follow you everyone is not ment to be followed.
hmm. data plan resets at the fifteenth of the month. i leave on the fourth. time to burn through this data plan.
Coleman country day camp aka where the wild things are
Jk I'd leave if I ever saw a chode
I watch American Ninja Warrior and convince myself I could do the challenges if I just got out of bed.
In n out sounds fantastic at all times.
My sisters friend is coming up all the way from Miami to watch Les Mis on broadway gain... It's their 2nd time watching.
\"This is nice\" as Nev pets the bear statue
Don't start shit about me just bc you think it makes you look better. You look\/sound like a dumbass.
I dont want to be Instagram famous I wanna be Pokemon Snap famous
My run w\/sasita &gt;&gt;&gt;
What am I doing today ...
Happy birthday well that's embarrassing that I said hbd last week or something HAHAHAH
good job bosnia
My obsession with skulls\/skeletons is never ending
My boyfriend is the male version of Rihanna
You know the world is crumbling when professionals start emailing business correspondence via twitter lingo #@@@
Wait now I'm suppose to drive a stick car home what
Do u imagine us in the future?
It's incredible that Harry survived the whole series considering he's a complete idiot but then again Voldemort couldn't kill an infant so
This is one of the worst pains I have ever felt
I can't take this . Lmaoo I'm bouts lay down
China: no longer low cost leader in battery manufacturing but has talent. Workforce development in CA: key to bringing manufacturing back.
It is seriously cheaper to rent a Project Loon balloon to follow you around for a week than to buy 800MB of international roaming on AT&amp;T
Can't even sleep with no one else
Baby I do dis I thought that you knew dis
Can I wake up from this bad dream now?
What should we do for breakfast? \"Probably go to the \"All You Can Get Wasted Buffet\".\"- Timmy
He's only 15 with an amazing voice. He's livin the dream that he always dreamt about. He's still our little secret. No one take him away
That was nice
This movie got me way too emotional
Work at 7 am should be deemed as a form of torture.
America is in Nobel prizes and people who get killed by lawnmowers. I love this country!
a troian tem 28 anos e faz um personagem de 16 haushaush
Estaria para engancharse con alguien que se enganche con vos tambien
deep fried Oreos are the best thing ever created
Ima go as far as you let me.
But I helped my grandparents move stuff today so I mean that's thoughtful
My mom got mad at me bc I posted a Father's Day status about my dad and didn't post one on Mother's Day but she doesn't even have a Facebook
Yo lol I can't stand when girls with more meat on them say their brolic.. Your not. Just meat lol
Fred just cried cus goku cried
I need do a 10k getting in that running again
Love my mom dude
I just want to get drunk. I don't care if I'm just sitting around I haven't drank in forever.
Everywhere () on . Was this a request, by chance? Just wondering... :)
Lol you don't have room to call anyone a slut.
Don't y'all hate going somewhere and everyone is just sitting down drinking looking at each other
GCL Phils lost to the Yankees 7-3. Yoel Mecias made 1st appearance since needing TJ surgery last summer...3IP, 1ER, 5K, 0BB, 2H, took the L.
Alexia pls stop trying to read me your horoscope
And that's why he is the captain!
Getting DMs on insta like, \" I hope it's not a penis\"
Orospuyu mezara koymuslar yanlizmi yaticam demis. (Cimbiz)
mcdaniel, U R A DUMBASS! dems tried 2 help make U the gop candidate BECAUSE NUTBAGS R MUCH EASIER 4 DEMS TO KNOCK OFF IN GENERAL ELECTIONS!
The lady's are really nice too
I hate that my social life depends on others
Lol the nerve
You get what you get and you dont get upset
That was a pretty coo goal
zach wanna play cards against humanity after chess and pasta
Contemplating whether or not I love my brother enough to get up at 5:30 to watch his first game
\": I always wonder who is still going to be by my side 10 years from now.\"
THE GAMES TOMORROW ARE GONNA KILL ME
Ronaldo can't finish in the World Cup
I just woke up from a nap and starting stressing over a final and then I remembered schools over?????
But knowing how people are either way they'll have unnecessary drama in their life . Sadly .
She look like the blue man group
I wish I knew how to properly apply makeup
I wish I could fast forward and see if all of this is even worth it
For those on the far left, keep saying that it doesn't matter who you vote for. You'll get more Supreme Court decisions like Hobby Lobby.
Mills second flop of the game
I haven't eaten yet and I don't want to cook. What should I have for dinner? I can't make up my mind
Just gonna sit here naked until we find something to do
A gun plus a mask, you do the math. All my goons know that equals cash$$
someone give Morrissey a hug
I leave for Spain in 5 days... This is getting surreal
Dude, I need to work with you. No open jobs though ):
Your song is amazing I love it.
I wish I had a car\/license and a job id be in jersey right nowwwww
DEMPSEY WITH THE WINNER!!
Stalker!! RT : I am with you always. -Matthew 28.20
Tminus hurry up to this weekend.
My heart is with the families and friends of the three boys in Israel
Not many songs make me feel the way Your Love by does
I hope they aren't serious, John Cena on the cover of WWE 2K15? Must be a joke lol
finished 3rd overall and WON in my class! What an amazing day! Thanks to God, the crew, my family Lamorghini Long Island and Shania Kids Can
Guy dumped his bike going like 90 up McGowan road hit a deer
Can't even find jeans without them being too long
Amazing how 34th St and Broadway is always packed with so many stores and food shops and people. Im still here.lol
Yet I feel not too many feel the same for me.
Okay I take it back. Yellowcard is *much* more depressing to listen to than whatever it was I complained about last week :(
\": lmfaoooo we always throwing her around like a rag doll\"lmfaooo i feel so sorry sometimes
One of these days I swear I'll be strong enough to just walk away from all the issues in my life.
Got off work early and got home early yayyy
Even though Sing Sing is a max security prison they are still allowed books to be sent in from outside
The struggles of a cracked screen is really killing me
Last night on NYC. Dinner in Little Italy and then the Empire State Building
Just did this experiment where I made a new Tinder account and swiped right 100 times. Got 97 matches. Now I need to throw my phone away.
The Game is still running lmfao
To live is to suffer. To survive well that's to define meaning in the suffering. DMX
.This wil be super useful for the 0 to 1 times per year we see lightning in SF
o.m.g. i seriously need to clean my desk. i about died trying to fix my paper jam right now. O_o
We got a new computer at work and they forgot to block social media sites on it. Just spent an hour on tumblr. Whoops.
I've been watching this so long I feel like I know these inmates personally
What are you trying to take out all of our fucking players?
Oh I need a back rub. If someone could come help me out with that, I would forever be in your debt
Boom clap the sound of my heart the beat goes on and on and on
\": That was great !!!! The screaming in my house is ridiculous lol\" same here lol
I actually picked up a napkin and wiped food ON my face.
I hate that I can be sooooo stubborn sometimes .
I have to go back to drawing
Who wants to skate with and I
can you hear me - fab
we all thought he was real. he did the snake shit, fake shit, beat his ass down. yo his mouth coulda got us all wasted. what a fucking clown
gotta wake up early haha :\/
laugh until our ribs get tired
Some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant\/lavish things they then do with our money.
Im single now because i dont just go with anybody
How am I going to entertain myself for the rest of the night? Eat pizza? YES
The sky looks hella nice rn
When i was like 10 my neighbor asked me to watch their goldfish for two days and i fed it too much and it died hahahaha
I keep screaming happy holidays in his face
So I'm going to post 4 pics of be be ready.
Vas a comer mucha mierda .l.
I actually have made so many amazing friends over twitter so frick off haters
USA starts it off early
It's funny that you think you're cool.
I smell like a bonfire and
I finally bought disco pants yaaaaaasssssss.
to com muito sono ainda
Cool. Calm. Collected. Let's get through the 9th!
You really wanna fuck but you say you wanna cuddle
Waiting patently for to gone on stage
We'll, first day of summer school was a drag ....
El amor y el dinero.. No se logran nunca sin riesgo!
Damn nvm he's not cute since he just hit a double
Gotta think we can get a Top 10-15 football teams out of those schools. Almost time to start thinking about it.
It can't be Teen Wolf without a huge club scene tbh
If your not sweaty after you leave the gym your doing something wrong.
Any girl can love you with her body. It takes a woman to love you with her mind
A massage is really needed right now
Kerri Washington is definitely feeling jhene aiko right now
4 gun shots already and I've been here for 30 mins...
Maria didn't realize she was about to watch a movie in Spanish
I wanna do something
Oh hello there RT \": I'm so little it's easy for me to consider a man tall lol 5'10 an up is tall to my tiny ass\"
OMFG RT : Let a fat girl give you head. She gon treat it like an Italian sausage with a side of bacon and you gon be happy af
Just found out there's a guy on who went to Chico State! !!!!!
Most of them are my family hahaha irritating ass
\nRT : A may play dumb at times, but they always know whats going on.
So I got this kid that's not going to sleep and he's pissing me off
I wanna be a billionaire soooo freaking badddd
Woke up crampin'. No, literally. I has cramps. :(
Finally boutta take these pants off and contacts out
Never seen my life in a lot of ways but always gotta roll with the punches...or die
One thing I can truly say is I NEVER leave my friends behind when I'm in a relationship.
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one, but both of us
I just woke up in a full tuxedo lmaoo
Well that was easy
Tomorrow's schedule:\nWake up and workout \nBall with the bros \nGo enjoy prom
Idk why I keep getting sad over people who don't care about me
I think im drunk someone pick me up.
Need a new show to watch on Netflix
oh well &amp; you wonder why i think that
Soccer is such a fast pace intense game they really never stop idk how so many don't respect it
Too much on my mind, can't sleep
Ok so travel the world or move to Cali.. I can't not do either
Cuz I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga
We got a dragon in the restaurant
I'm gettin money I'm gettin money
I still haven't eaten dinner. Shit haha...
They're trying to put my baby in jail for domestic violence
we got the white folks looking at us
Get a job in your field of study and stay out of mine.
Having to work during the week while everyone can do whatever they want is ruining me
As many bxtches as I know .. How tf do I need a video vixen ..
21, my name on a lease for a brand new apartment in NY, a degree under my belt &amp; making my own $... but ur surprised I don't have kids!?
30 seconds into the game aha
am i wrong for thinking that we could be something real
Someone give me the link to the osofia vine where hes like \"YOUR LIFE, YOUR LIFE\" Lmao please
The same guy came to the br, to a shit, and just literally walked out with out washing his hands or coming near the sink
KSJC 240153Z 32008KT 10SM FEW150 SCT200 BKN250 22\/11 A2992 RMK AO2 SLP132 T02170106
Donovan just booked his flight to Brazil
Well now that I finished Orange is the New Black I have no idea what to do with my nights
Setting off fireworks with my intoxicated dad and boyfriend.... this is hilarious.
Wow, 90 minutes of with Getting ready for and the rest of Boston on Tuesday
I want to give you as many new exciting and fun memories as I can
BRUH they bringin back Lake Laogi?!
Just dropped my phone right in a bowl of milk. Go me.
OH \"There are 500 active users on App Dot Net\"
Time get Landon on an airplane.
Chicharro as algo Cabron no me.decepciones! !
I destroyed the front and back of my phone this weekend so go me
will you stop once you've called everyone
Looking to cop some fried Oreos from the Wall Fair rn
It's ya boy ! &lt;3
Indio Ca -coachella brah
Someone needs to make me a new bracelet
Ver a un presidente o a un Rey hacer escandalo con eso del futbol, muy de lacayos saben.
just met the prettiest pit named Damien and they didn't cut his tail and that makes me happy
Me and Theo don't even follow each other on twitter
It's Wednesday 6:45 pm, Nizario's pizza on 18th st has an angry d.j. Playing music and hanging outside
Let the lil homie kick it in long as he can make store runs and keep his mouth shut!
\"I want a pussy.\" just said this, I kid you not
I never understand why fans and people get so hostile about slandering opposing teams and players. Mutual respect and enjoy the sport.
The tokens - the lion sleeps tonight &gt;
Our Last Night \/\/ Reason to Love
Leg day is the best day
Son my average is a 95 for the last quarter. If I don't get into that honors class I'm throwing a text book
Devin on big brother is like a snow cone.
at 1, at 6, good day of sports
I do not like Kira &amp; Scott whatsoever
YEAHHHH HES BACK
I got to work on my time management
Those gritty Costa Ricans.
Fuck super cuts
I pretty much want to be a lzrd\/duck\/roodogthing, like, all the fuckin' time
Emmy I unfollowed you so I can't @ you anymore. I'm sorry this has to be so public. Emmy you're fired
\"One foot out the door no reason for me to stay . I'm so cool on loving you\"
Made it to Canada, or as I like to call it- \"America's hat.\"
I can admit, I hate being wrong.
Im so happi cause today I foun my friends there in my head
Amazing play you're a world class team, you proved it again!!!!
but the way you wrap em round me is a probbbbb
Seeing death cab twice, brand new twice, and panic at the disco, plus kurfuffle is going to equal amazing summer. MY GOD I CANNOT WAIT
Ashanti. Shakira even made a song about it \"She Wolf\" \": Teyana Taylor RT : Who's your spiritual animal?\"
Adam Richman had the best job of all time.
\": Big Papi goes yard! We've come right back to take a 7-6 lead in the 10th. \" you know big papi
No calientes algo, si no te lo vas a comer..
I wish you knew when you were on explore.
Thank you &amp; for the great and lovely meeting! It was really fun talking to you guys! :)
But I..couldn't stay away I couldn't fight it
i fuck w the new soundcloud
22 Jump Street may have outdone 21 Jump Street for me! Funny movie!
still on the ferry. and then i have to drive home &amp; pack for LA tomorrow.
Trying to be cool but you look like a fool to meeeeeee
WBW spaces need to make clear how they are not transphobic if they want trans women to stop their objections. your ideas have oppressed us
007 it's really hard trying to be singer but you go glen coco
I hope the rest of the lil wayne &amp; drake album is similar to \"believe me\"
I'll be ok with either team winning this game
I don't worship the devil.. The devil worships me cause I'm that ill
BRIANS WEARIG THE SCARF IM GONNA LIGHT HIM ON FIRE
Lil Wayne dress like a 6 year old with no guidance
Guys RT and Fav cuz thirsty
my greatest gift is my reflexive skepticism of praise
How do I tell the t.v I'd rather end my life than watch college baseball
! Costa Rica you earned this!!!!
I actually kinda miss school wtf
I like people alot more when they're sober
Bonded with a mom at the park today. We're having a ladies night soon and a play date Wednesday... Kinda love my job.
I wish I was a kid again ...
Who the fuuuuuuuuck are you ?
I'm thinking about chopping my hair like up to my shoulders...
Funny that two of the greatest people for the USMNT at the moment were Tottenham players (Clint and Klinnsy)
First a cracked screen, now a ticket.
I just wanna be sober for one day
If tgif can hit tihwd can.
Yes yes yes goal
Dad just hung me a chin-up bar in the doorway between the kitchen and the den because it's the tallest. Sweeeeeeet.
YOU SHOULD WANT A BAD BITCH LIKE THIS
Jus wana leave work smoke a blunt n drink a beeeeeerrr
LH HMGBDU TRISH DID YOU JUST DUB AUSTIN
I literally just opened the door to the passenger seat of my car sat &amp;waited like a good min before realizing im by myself &amp; need to drive..
7) when couldn't walk away from the stage 5 clinger pussy
Pandora is trying to make me cry right now
fill up banks like uncle Phil
I just want Friday to come already
$ maIikftlwt $ ur layout is perfect ! wow ur acc slays
enjoying my life to the fullest...... fuck u mean
Tomorrow is a very exciting day for myself and my family.
The core of your company is the advice for future
I could be ya bestfriend &amp; you be my homie
Headed to the lab Let's get it in for the NYC
LeBron going to cry in the car
Sooo pissed I'm not gonna make Avicii tonightt
That's what I'm talking about!!!!
About to go get some pizza man
my heart will shatter into pieces when santi moves back to holland
i miss napping with bar
Big blow for Really unfortunate.
.Luckily not cancelled yet, just delayed. If cancelled, I will seriously cry this time.
When my dad and his partner arent at work all of the workers blast mexican music in the office. I dont like mexican music
Article in GdS claiming criticism from 'senators' of including Buffon, Chiellini and De Rossi was main reason for resigning.
Right now I feel like a character in a movie who I really hope everything works out for in the end
Apologies to whoever gets drafted to the Blackhawks and has to live in the shitty city of Chicago
Nothing will keep me from my goals
I'm not even going to pretend like I give a shit about the World Cup.
Who does the editing for the show? Seriously! You're really bad. Does anyone not notice all the cut scenes aren't in order?
Me voy a dormir un poco triste. :(
I'm gonna knock out whose ever driving this freight train in front of us.
YES DEMPSEY GREAG JOB USA
se quieren hacer todas las chetas usando el retrica y son terribles negras
Meanwhile in Salvador, Bahia saw that Messi goal and is determined to upstage him tomorrow vs Germany
JAJAJAJAJAJAJA AGUANTE OLAAAAF
Lil Wayne was dressed like when ya mom wakes up to get the mail from the mailbox
Ol girl was ugly back then and now that she fine af she getn ran through hahahahaha okay girl geddit lol
my foster kids family came to visit him and instead of just the aunt their whole family comes and you can say we're having a party
Too many white lies and white lines
Josh Donaldson is officially my new fav player and fav 3rd baseman... Not David Wright.
I told him \" bye felicia \" earlier &amp; he really hasn't spoken to me since then lmao . My phone too dry right now .
These overnights is killing me but i gotta make a better life for my princess:-(:-*
GOAL LETS GO!!!
I got a 65 year old Russian threatened by me .. I'm doing something right
i follow too many fan accounts omg
I ate so much today .. What's wrong with me
YESSSSSSSSS HOLY SHIT
It'd be nice if someone would actually take two seconds and actually talk about my problems instead of there's
I mean if your gonna be like that I'm not even gonna bother
Yo this song makes me feel so good
Some of these edc outfits look like if Princess Ariel had an Amanda Bynes phase
It only works to make the mistakes if you gon' learn from them
what was that
You go Keke! I'ma watch that show.
I'm playing the whole I'm up mixtape lol
No matter what it is, be thankful the path he has chosen.
Fuck, comes thru with another banger. Dude can't make a bad song ahah
High waisted shorts but a low self esteem. Yeet
For some reason I thought it would be a good idea to go to sleep in my car last night and then I set the car alarm off for a half hour:\/
Men want to generalize the female population, rather than understanding their complexities, they divide them in 2 categories: angel or whore
oh nah i'm off the shiz
I deadass always feel like I'm a bother to people lmfao
Steph is taking 5000 years to get here holy shit girl
\"Softball will be the death of me.. but I love the pain so bring it bitch\" hahaha
IM SO EXCITED IM GUNNA PEE
I so do not wanna be up rn
Well, he's engaged now. Lmao. Like mA I'm so happy for him! But how dare he leave me alone on this boat?!
Like I graduate Thursday it's only right
I wanna have a pool party this summer !
can't find my American flag shirt ..... this is preposterous
Greece needs to do this I got that Stasinos blood in me
Sorry Portugal you're beat
LT: that wasn't a good idea ...
So severely upset at you I just want to forget that you exist for awhile
Jermaine Jones! GOOOOAAAALLL
It is cooler outside the Bart car than in it!!!
Yall niggas got snapchat or naw ?
Working every weekend is a pain in my ass
I literally wanna shoot her rn
If USA gets to quarter finals ill go bald
JONES MY NIGGA
I wish ed sheeran looked as sexy as he sounds
Words cant describe how annoyed &amp; pissed I am
26% &amp; my chargers up stairs. I'll just let my phone die
69 lmao... - hope you're enjoying your summer man. Let's do the most this year keep in contact bro
Finally off work. Headed to the box! Heavy 5x5 back squats tonight
MARK MY WORDS, I WILL MEET KANYE ONE DAY!!
what about angels they will come they will go make us special don't give me up
my mom has no brain
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!!!
My dad shared his poptart with me his morning.. Bonding moment.
My mom left 4 chicken cutlets for me and my dad ate them all
I dot answer certain shit cause it's irrelevant
Don't you love her as she's walking out the door
Almost just fuckin die because people don't know how to drive
Some cold ass water sounds good rn.
Find out on the next episode
Decided to take my CPA exams in New York. This state will be my home for a good while
Howard es un crack
Wake Forest transfer Tyler Cavanaugh will begin his first visit to an interested school at Tuesday, per
DAMN cheated twice in one year thats discusting
I can't believe it's been a whole year already. Time really flies b.
This humidity is killing me...can it rain already??
smoke with me babe\nAnd lay with me babe\nAnd laugh with me babe\nI just want the simple things
Andi is literally wearing a skort rn
Looks like I'm going back to BMCC
It might take me a while to get there but once I do I won't ever gaf about you ever again
had to do it
Saying goodbye to my team was probably the hardest thing I've had to do all year
I didn't even know coaches could get traded
I most likely think about\/analyze these little things that people take for granted.
We live in New York. Take your sweet ass time.
Why do you even insist on texting me if you have a girlfriend?
*America scores one goal*\nEver American: \"SOCCER!!!!!\"
Can't stand Bill Maher he thinks he knows it all!
the blind man sleeps in the door way, his home.
\"Can I have a tissue?\"\n\"Yeah you can use this five dollar bill\" \nis ballin
Maybe ill ask my ghost nigga to smoke an L one night
No matter how long the chipotle line is you cannot change your mind and go somewhere else
I'm extremely good at figuring people out in one glance.
One more work day and then off for two days. Relaxation
Guess who's coming down to Florida!!!
Idk why I fight sleep so hard... I'm always tired...
No two people are funnier to be around then matthew and ahmed lmao
Really awesome meeting today at . Love her perspectives. Thx for being a great mentor to some of the !
Ppl get offended when I don't reply to them. LIKE MAYBE CUS YOURE ANNOYING AF. Idk MAYBE
Trying to crack jokes at work but my coworkers are all team serious
Lebron please just take off the headband
Good luck to everyone taking the chem regents
If there was one day for my head to bright red, I guess the fourth of July is the most fiting
One day all of this will be right again
meu deus EU COU CER ESSE SHOW MEU DEUSS SJAKAAANDKAKDA
we just passed 5th ave as we we're listening to say \"there's a party on 5th ave\" and I thought it was pretty cool
CAN I JUST HAVE BABIES AND JUST SAY AUSTINS THE FATHER
If just called president can it just stay true?
how many mistakes can one make in their life
Ghana needs to get it together!
Everything is all mental if you ask me
Stripped butt naked caused a panic at the disco
I keep forgetting my birthday is next month
I feel stupid when I talk to you, because I believe every lie
It's Game of Thrones time
Who else but Clint? lol
I would wait in line for the rest of my life willingly to visit all the attractions at the Harry Potter world in Orlando
look at my location \n\nyeah you wish you were me bruh
\": shake rattle and roll. Maybe it will bring the rents Down lol
the only thing missing at this point is bona fide chilling time w\/ you
Shit was all a comedy when the mexican bitch was posting shit &amp; now that i posted something bitches wanna catch feelings ?
GINOBLI! NOOOO HE WASNT READY !!!
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad, I'm better.
I wish I had a friend like me.
no one can tell me partition didnt slay
The power just went out and I'm so scared and drunk I don't like this
I was raised that the guy should do everything for their girl so when I see females now providing everything I think it's wrong
Discovering that the movie I bought featured a lead \"from\" was so much better. I might just go to an AFRICAN dancehall!
U S A
Headach bodyach everything hurts. Just one of those days man
Ever seen a dog make a face
Malia is so bitchy i like it
and then there are those who piss u off and act like nothing fucking happened
Really sad how so many young kids are so concerned with how they look...our society is fucked people should be happy no matter what
Sin saber que paso seguro fui yo, el culpable de todo otra vez.
Ahh shit Altidore pulled his hammy
I've officially ran out of things to do this summer
In a world where two horrible people have no one else to be friends with.
This generation has gotten soft as shit
Sitting on a bench, wondering where I went wrong.
So exhausted to take my 5th class within 6 days tomorrow morning but..
Some people are so obese that if they're drowning I physically would not be able to save them....which is a scary thought
\": I'm fucking horny *rages of anger*\" bite the pillow and let me solve ya issue with my chin in between lol
Also our starting line-up is shit now too so thats a thing
Nothing like a nice glass of ice water on a day like this
That is messi for you
Wheat thins &amp; hummus. The most healthy Munchie snack I've ever had.
Tbh I took like 6 naps today ......
Lol this bitch
Dorney Park &gt; Six Flags
Dumb n dumber yes
THAT WAS ALL BALL BRUH
Damn. I want to teach me how to French kiss
Just got in my daily bad mood ah yep time for bed
they have a cure to cancer but won't share it because all the money
Hittin trippy sticks in the fridge.....cool shit
as I'm walking up to my house my mom's outside and says \"oh look who decided to make an appearance\"
These children 'bout to lose their mind over ...I might have to actually do my job!
love my work done by scratch.
Angie Martinez retires, we are officially grown up!
Kinda want to learn Latin, sounds like heaps of fun \n
I should just be getting used to this, it shouldn't come as a surprise anymore
What's incredible is not that the are going to be the but how the were unable to even compete. Speaks volumes.
I'm hoping this isn't gonna end the same way it did last time..
FOURTY TWO SECONDS AND WE ALREADY SCORED !!
Have the game on my phone and we scored while I was cashing out a customer. I threw her corn.
I want Niall to touch my butt
One block away!
David Arquette always sounds high af
are you serious? hoang said that the extra credit was going to go into reading quizzes so i didnt do it but he put it in essays :'(
Michael Jackson has been gone for 5 years. Now that mourning period is over for a lot of you...Prince was and always will be better.
Don't know how to feel about the new sportscenter
watching all episodes of sabrina the teenage witch
they be dead snitching in first 48
.made a mistake but how many times do insiders tweet n write sources say x is talking to y n it never happens.
In Costco I'm judging you on what your buying in bulk.. Usually says a lot about the person
Feeling pretty sick. Can't lie. I can't hang in any aspect at Up All Night smh.
The only reason I like hoagie fest is that my hoagie is like 2 bucks after my employee discount
When you contact people about a car and they never get back to you. Fine bitch, you don't want 10 grand? That's on you.
I hate you but I love you.
Me ago just sit doe riggt here cuz me cya bodda
when in doubt \ntwerk it out
Here's &amp; !
walking around in my graduation heels the next 2 days bc I'm not tryna fall while walking up to receive my diploma.
Rockets making moves to try and land another superstar.. Asik to the pelicans to free cap awesome now trade Lin
Loyalty is everything
An hour ago I promised myself I wasn't gonna spend anymore money yet here I am making plans to go shopping today with the white girls
I hear mad fucking people yelling about this dumb ass game like stfu ur disturbing my gossip girl
.Vote NO on - support local control for transportation! We
mom and dad its past your bed time, go to bed so I can do hoodrat thangs
Wanna go to DLAND lowkey with all the homies
One time took ME on a date and I made her give me the money so it looked like I paid.
I do, follow me!! RT : Does anybody actually use ?
Cannot wait to watch girl meets world
My brother in law had the nerve to tell me the song drunk on a plane sucks to my face so I basically disown him from now until ever
When Tim comes out of the game a tear might b shed
I been through some shit man, but I be on my shit man.
All I thought about how is rather do that than be stuck home with my grandma any longer
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before
awww i miss Shane.
turning my alarm on is very depressing
When you get insulted by You're basically.. Basic. Shut up. Lol
Nobody fucks me over without facing consequences
Just took my birthday shit!
Shouldve gone to the gym but got lazy as usual
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
All I wanna do is hold you
Underground kings !
\": Cause its dark in cold December and I got you to keep me warm\"
Really need to learn to pick my fights
Love the person that get you thinking the most
My mom just told me she wants to join because Chris Thomas plays so it'd be fun
thank god I don't have to do the chem regents tomorrow
The best idea I have ever thought of: walk around the house w\/ headphones blasting music so I can't hear anyone
AJ WAS IN THE KILLINGLY VILLAGER!?!?!?!?
Sometimes you gotta except that some shit will just nevaaaaaaa change
The most intense luggage tonight at JFK Terminal 7 originates from China: massive bales bound tightly in red cord.
my real life irritates the fuck outta me
Perk of working on national holiday: don't have to pay parking
to the people who can't pull off blonde hair, don't even try
Considering all I did today was walk down 5th avenue, I'm exhausted.
Wish I was with friends rn
all my life I want money and power, respect my mind or die from lead shower
Comes back thinking everything's fine, lol.
Let's go EE.UU
i think there are even more than that.
The happiest people don't have the best everything; they make the best out of everything.
Game changing day today. Family and Friends gave me so much inspiration today. The road to achieving my dreams is in sight.
Not a fan of these shows ways to pull in viewers what happened to CREATIVITY. media is corrupting us!
who's tryna frolic and b majestic in this rain
BRING IN WONDO
Wow I need to put my ac in
Nick filled my gas tank, that's bae
I'm blocked but I rebound like Rodman
These boys at the China buffet are high af eating Chinese food laughing so hard and all I can think is \"damn, I wish I was them.\"
Can't fix your life, can't even handle mine
Two big games today! Let's go and
Que agonia que da dessas pessoas que repetem 1000 vezes a msm coisa
Plus de alexandre et d etoo en equipe national ca fait trop longtemps que ca dure...akaa!!!
When I get married ain't no bachelor's parties!
Do you believe America?
I miss hanging out with
The best thing to do for Lyme disease is to not get it.
life would be so much better if u were dead :-) but id get 25yr to life if i killed u myself so i just hope u get hit by a semi truck
What's the word my nigga? Been gone since November my nigga
At this rate I won't be home til midnight
That guy is cute omggggg
Can you be the Nathan Scott to my Haley James
Martin Kaymer is the truth. He embarrassed everyone at the US Open
Thanks for the coupons in the mail BK but you're chicken nuggets suck
Welcome to gordon biersch, don't mind the big ass bump on my face.
If i stay home , ill dieeeee
You are as Italian as rest stop pizza
someone help what channel are the bet's on ?
ill take Calderon over that bumbass raymond felton any day. gonna miss Chandler tho smh.
I can always count on you to cancel.
People you do the most for never appreciate you.
I would really love to see a koala bear play a ukulele
This time in 12 days I'll be in the greek islands
My dad's group message w me and my sister is so strange
Roller Coasters on the beach bring a whole new meaning to summer
Fuck a fake friend I know where my real friends at
I'm trying to get some abees tn
DEZ IN A KNIT CROP TOP IS LIFE
Handsome police officers actually have a heart
What empowers me during summer is being stress free and getting to do fun and different things
To the person who gets stuck with me for the rest of their life, id just like to say that I am deeply sorry.
A jacuzzi and movie night would be nice tonight.
Excellent charge at the ball Howard!
All I wanna do is go on a vacation with my best friends
Sleeping on the couch is such a nice lifestyle
last test of the summer tomorrow THANK GOD.
Twitter: It explains opinions and simultaneously acts as a palliative emotional impact reducer for same.
Ronaldo can suck our red white and blue dick
It took me 20 something years to learn how to love myself, I don't have that kind of time to convince anyone else
srlsly I'm gonna glue a speaker magnet onto my forehead
If you don't have an emoji next to your name you're irrelevant.
Work is so dead.
I wanna travel the world before I get married
i want money, power and glory.
Pray that you come back close my eyes tightly hoping that you'll come back
Work is hard
I got a problem &amp; a plan
I think Chris Brown looks attractive with the weight. And I've never liked him.
It's a shame what drugs, unemployment &amp; America is doing to Puerto Rico. Drug traffickers single handedly killing the islands beauty!!
Been here for 2 days and no bud ? Whats up?
man I wish tonight never happened
Are Pelicans a playoff team next year if everyone stays healthy?
This isn't the World's best player on the pitch right now..
Fuck poor Dempsey
I respect but its just somethin bout that boy beloved i think Lux gonna turn up more then he ever has this time!
This is it!!! Good morning!!!
I'm so tired but it's too late in the day and too close to dinner to take a nap.
Ghana came saying show no mercy!!!
I didn't know Rich Homie Quan was such a small little chode
I've got roughly 7 hours before I take my micro final, and that's just not enough time!
T-minus 30 minutes until I'm an adult again.
Throw that ass in a polyhedron
The lingerie thing is so cute. I can't wait
I can't believe that really just happend
for the amount of food that i eat, i honestly feel blessed to look the way i do
Quien nada espera, se sorprende; quien mucho espera, se decepciona.
I can tell today not bouta be that day
I wanna be at the beach with a beautiful accomplice for the evening you down?
What's there to do for July 4th?
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby is a disgrace
God please help foot feel better so the can draft him
I wish I was in Brazil ahhh!
\": YOURE ALL HYPOCRITES\" yeah no you seem like a nice guy whose not gonna burn in hell
Odds On Amethyst who beat Trixton this year is in a $5,100 race tonight at Vernon Downs
I hate waking up at a reasonable time because my mom drags me to costco with her :(
Excited about going with friends tonight to the German film \"Futuro Beach\" at Castro Theater. It's part of the Frameline Film Festival.
My moms annoying the fuck outta me already
Just ordered myself a present: the \"gently with a chainsaw\" shirt from hot topic. This tweet is mostly a reminder to myself
these cops swear they run the streets
E aqui tem mais coreano que qualquer outra coisa
why do I even bother lol this game is so fucking bad
My 2 closet have told me in the past couple of days about almost bad situations involving them &amp; cars.. Don't know what I would do w\/o them.
The only reason I go to the bathroom at work is to check my phone lol
This starting pitcher Simon is really good has the most wins the nl so far will beat the today
who wants to play the wonderful game of don't
The kind of town where you don't have to lock your car
\": Who is this weenie they are interviewing now?\"!!
\"A nation loves you\"
Just found out an ex yard duty whom I hated for playing a fucked up prank on me in 5t grade just got arrested for sexual Child abuse.
So hear the voice of The Lord if you would be saved, you and your house, REPENT! For the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
See you on the first at the airport brush floss pray ;) ily xoxo
THIS AUFSTELLUNG I was right yay let's go
Update we made it homs
I need to try and control my screaming this weekend.
Woke up not realizing today was the 4th if july
Wait... All I'm saying is, if my spelling bee champ son can out spell you, you ain't got a chance! LMAO
Me, 24\/7\/365 RT : Honestly so annoyed by human beings.
Freal though someone talk to me
hay noo messi D: :'(
I said I'd never let you go and i never did.
The 1s from Alaska, they smart..they ain't wasting no $$ to buy ice they js jump in that ice cold ocean lol
Funk what you heard that cat is still one of my favorite selectors inna New York.
Last name ever, first name greatest.
RVD VS Seth Rollins sounds good though!
Nice dive faggot.
I should of peed at the gas station we stopped at, I've made a huge mistake
To give me all of your love is all i ever asked.mp3 :))\n
Excited to tumble with tomorrow
Dear Team USA, please don't lose bad enough to be embarrassing.
I was tired n now i have energy out of nowhere
Whats w\/ all the nuns at Starbucks?
There are people who.should be ripped from this world by their black heart
Circle the wagons ....weather the storm.
The ush regent is going to fucking kill me I'm so scared
This Doomsday Mourning is literally the scariest album I've ever heard. Fucking grimey
Family bbq lit
Instead of being on a social network 24\/7 Tryna get some ass and\/or crying for attention, do something beneficial for yourself
Korra update: Bolin is still the greatest.
I'm so happy I finally have a friend who will turn up with me
Ang bilis kong antukin lately. Normal pa ba 'to zzzzz.
Good Morning world! Hope y'all have a nice day!
New trending topic every time you tweet some good shit and you could fit that hashtag in there tweet
Now y'all saying \"Americans are so dumb, calling football, 'football' doesn't make sense\". Go jump off a cliff.
you talkin bout ya car. but where ya house at
i read tweets that they cant watch mets anymore...then dont. no one is forcing you so dont tweet it
There is none holy like the Lord : for there is none besides you; there is no rock like our God. 1 Samuel 2:2
I don't even own anything with a flag on it
Anyone know of good places in SF to watch the US game?
Who's getting drunk with me and tn
All of a sudden I'm tired....
The crowd at Buffalo Wild Wings goes crazy !!!!
The saddest thing about this episode is that Isaac watched the girl he loves die in the arms she loves and it wasn't him.
Dude stink so bad it's giving me a headache. This is New York.
CLINT FUCKIN DEMPSEY!!!
Cap'n Crunch is the best cereal but I am dumb so don't take my word for this
Talk about anxiety!
Two days in a row we have had fans leave the court due to the heat. Did the air conditioning go out on Centre Court?
What's good ?!!
Just ordered some food, this is gonna be one lonely night.
Sometimes you meet someone and it's so clear, that on some level, you two belong together.
Damn the gospel artists gotta listen to all this cursing or they gonna leave?? Lol
I'm gonna be mad forever
The U\/O is 10x I have tell VJ to shut up in the 1st half of WC match Germany v France messin Happy 4th
Can it be 12 already I'm hype
Ghana fucking taking out anericans one by one wtf
July 4th is one of my favorite holidays but In all seriousness it shouldn't just b Memorial Day when we remember freedom isn't free
I follow too many ratchets , lolol
If you can be emotionally in tune with your lover or child, I suppose it's possible for anyone you love
You're 13, learn to grow the fuck up
All it's gonna take to get another one is a counter attack, Ghana is puttin on a lot of high pressure
The all American girl? That's just a blonde haired bitch
That stupid s'more song always gets stuck in my head
Fireworks...then that stupid fucking bird that can't tell time. ITS DARK YO. STOP CHEEPING DAMNIT.
I'm back from my brothers 5th grade graduation it was boring I was sitting in the front and the teachers saw me yawning I didn't care
I officially have a clothes thief. I'm not surprised but where's my stuff?!
Wanna flex you gon fuck up &amp; miss ya blessin
Roger Federer vs. Milos Raonic coming up next on winner moves onto the finals to play Djokovic
Be careful. Your thoughts can betray you.
Good work Bosnia
Saw the beautiful today.. I nearly cried
You have better success if u know what docs to prepare before meeting your RE agent
F it, put Kawhi back in.
Like seriously. I needed to get away from this... And then I thought I did. But I was so fucking wrong.
been in San Francisco for like 14 hours and I've only been matched twice on tinder this is a new low in life for me.
I just saw a Volvo commercial. And almost cried.
You defended yourself by saying \"I was with another guy\" so please stop because you're irrelevant. Slut.
If I give you my love baby, I'm talking about a lifetime , what would you do with it?
Amazing how good we all are at pretending like we don't care cuz we don't want to feel alone in something. You don't care? Ya nah me either.
*groans when Ghana misses a shot*
Much like buttholes, families are supposed to be tight.
It's time to go back to the city and revamp
\" I'm pretty sure you don't work under minimum wage and you speak fluent English so you're American
the movie her is so great
What depressing ass slave movie was that? Why?
I know its love because even when I'm drunk, you're the only thing clouding my mind.
This Sunday went Wayyyyyyyy too fast
The beat in check the Rhime is sooooooo fireee yoooo
I need more friends that make music
Next year for my B-day i wanna go to Vegas
When I see him \"talking\" to other girls or \"tweeting\" other girls, it kills me..
Modern technology and privacy protection was ruled today by Supreme Court . Congress to step up new laws.
I didnt leave my house all day but I reallly want to sleeep
Ughh I just ate and I'm hungry again
SUCK MY DICK WE ARE AMERICA.
Come back season in the works, im thinkin bigger
I can't send you my number because you don't follow me.... But I really want a call from you
Heading to AC fir the weekend
I cant think of the nigga name. A corn fucking ball. Now he tattedddd. sike FOH!!
espn literally only tries to find smokes in the stadium, every sport, every game, every time... and I love it
Can I make that report in one day?!!
\": my greatest talent is being able to watch 5 years worth of a tv show in one week\"
I have listened to Alive about 4 times in a row.
You already know, I hold you down like a ship anchor!
\": Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do.\"
Sent Portugal home please!
See I know we not official, but us being official ain't never been an issue.
The moment you realize that the cigarette smoke infused air outside of las vetas is less fresh than the air inside lol
Sixers please trade pick number 10 for Dion. Please
YALL WANNA HEAR MY STORY ON LEAVING HAITI THIS MORNING BECAUSE IT'S WILD SO IMMA JUST DO IT
I just shucked my first 20 oysters. So easy. So cheap (competitively.)
Keep an eye on that black guy, he might steal my wife or my phone.
Kate ordered 4 pizzas from Nunzio's for us. Oh shit fuck yeah
Can it be Saturday I'm ready to be in Montauk for a week and not working
Someone bring me food and I'll love you forever
Let the past be the pass
I might of been off with that lebron line by a few
Just found out Mrs Cunningham works at old navy
I'm sitting here watching tv as if I don't have to wake up mad early tomorrow
can't wait til Costa Rica shocks the Netherlands
\": I didn't change, I grew up. There's a difference\"
Yes pumped to see another team from the Americas take down a European team.....especially Greece
I don't get how 20+ year olds hang out with teenagers.
Why don't u stop putting all the blame on me. I'm not the worthless slave u make me feel like. And ur not the perfect saint everyone thinks.
I start karate tommrow and I am pretty exited
So is P a yes Uncle Shane .?
.RT : To be friends with God means to pray with simplicity, like children talking to their parents.
Courir apres les femmes c est les probleme , je me sauve si tu dis que tu m aimes \nPreviens les jsuis un salaud \n
The fact that I get to see a sloaf friend in less than an hour is making my day
You eva got head 2times by 2bitches at the same Damn time..
TSN continuing with the 1997-ish graphics.
Im off this yall gettin outta hand
That one thought that literally fucks up your mood completely.
This is my team just to inform
I think ill watch frozen today .. Not a bad idea
The higher that i climb, the harder imma drop.
If you were wondering why the Nigerian players wanted to get paid before heading to Brazil? Well, wonder no more!
0 to 100 nigga real quick!
Men are too sensitive to and why? they can dish it but can't take it!
I swear the friend zone is for me
It's like I'm playing frogger with humans.
Anna is too much for me
Getting tf out of town this weekend.
cortney is cleaning her room and found a fucking dead butterfly that she kept
Are the Bosnia players even trying to aim for the goal, cause it's not working for them
didn't realize half of attack on titan's opening song was in german
Omg on MTV. Wasn't expecting that or the American accent.
my mom just yelled upstairs that 21 Jump Street was on and it was the best part. I come down to Dave Franco on the screen. I taught her well
\": That was some intense ass soccer playin \" we all sucked ass
Seriously cannot wait to have my hair long again
LETS FUCKING GOOO YASSS
Happy Independence Day To Everyone Be Safe And Enjoy
Is the purge supposed to be a scary movie?
She could have a Grammy, I still treat her ass like a nominee\n
Is Ellen down since she favorited or naw
Nipple piercings never heal bruh it's been like a year &amp; a half.
I really don't like when the fan hits me.
I honestly think I belong in Izmir
I really want my tattoo already
Well fully have up on sleeping and already showered and casually watching TV in severe pain at 5:30 AM. Today should be pleasant.
I wanna nut in a bad bitch tonight, but I'm just a basic nigga.\n\nAll I can do is wish.
My mom thinks i'll find a good looking wealthy greek dude by going to church????
Besides the fact I bought two big beers for 22 bucks I'm satisfied. These beers better cure cancer.
I'm not comfortable being around a guy who's gonna treat me like shit and act like everything is okay.
Wow and they're only doing 3 shows in the US
Im gonna go to sleep and wake up and pretend like this never happened
Gucci mane got half but ain't got half what Michael got. I don't crossover I cross the country fuck a jumpshot
\": If that person makes you happy then go for it, don't listen to what anybody else has to say.\" Rt
In related news, \"PASTGAS\" is out of the running for my next license plate.
besler bae you
Fighting off my stomach virus rn, hmu ;))
But that's none of my business.
Ahhh a nigga that smokes and makes food I fuck wit ittt
WH: called PM Maliki. US \"ready to enhance support to all Iraqis\". Emphasized need for Maliki \"to govern in an inclusive manner\".
Where's everyone watching the USA game tomorrow?
Tomorrow is going to bring me good news or really fucking terrible news. My anxiety is pretty much all time high
Is it bad that my shift hasn't even started yet and I'm already counting down to when I'm off?...
It's forth of July week. Come and get the most American food in the USA over at 47th and Park. We'll be here from 11-3.
Why do I smell so much
I have the same birthday as Chuck Bass so therefore I win at life
2Pac is dead and still is making albums, but you can't text me back.
Wheres all my friends i wanna cuddle
Henry Blanco is who the booth are thinking about
Retired electrician: \"Since I share the road so often I would like to see bicyclists pay more.\" Theme at hearing.
So blessed to have people in my life that take the time out of their day to educate me about the world
My decisions aren't made based on what people might think after
I'm barkin up the Hype tree til I catch Spike Lee, and then I'm huntin Spielberg down.
Cha Cha chicken\n16912 Parthenia St, Northridge, CA 91343
I've only been involved with one person who's just as crazy as I was
SHOUTS OUT TO DARLENE FOR HELPING ME LEARN ARITHMETIC SEQUENCE USING RECURSIVE FORMULAS
Donna was cute till she dropped like 50 burps in a minute
The only thing I find annoying about my dad's gf coming over is that I have to shut the door when I pee
\"Come and get it bitches\"- my dad as he walks in the room with a plate if pancakes
I'm clearly late to the party but WTF with The Red Wedding? That's some 2013 bullshit right there.
Siempre tiene que pasar algo
Too bad the tribute to Bobby Womack was cut off last night \"If You Think You're Lonely Now\". He deserved better.
Nice one Dempsey!
Autolayout with or without interface builder, for websites. Is there a reason this isn't a thing, or something I don't know about?
Es tan de nosotros los humanos encontrar excusas para no sentirnos mal con nosotros cuando cometemos errores.
So full I'm going to pass out
It's a really sad thing to see ya girls like being the side bitch.
That bass is jigglin my nuts bro
I'm not gonna let my failure satisfy the people who once doubted me..
Second of all, I worry that my near-constant references to Ellen Ripley in a mech suit are not registering.
it's literally as easy as wake up 30 minutes earlier and work out in your own room. literally that simple.
NOO NOT JOZY
\"I miss you like crazy.\"
playing nelly and bone thugs cause I'm ready to die
I AM NOT READY LIKE IM STILL TRYING TO GET OVER ALLISON &amp; AIDENS DEATH TF
Like I grab spiders all the time and throw them out my window
The fact that my dad knows that a pencil skirt is called a pencil skirt... Lol
Teenwolf..... Eh. I'm good on that. Never watched.
put Ryan Bellinger in he understands
lol every time i make wings its really a thursday
Sizofren koksuz denince sinir katsayisi atmis..Yarasi olan gocunur mus!.
I think im the only one who continued to run everyday on the break
Listening to some asshole adult on BART be abusive to an excited energetic kid.
yall Italians good for one thing making food... oh yea and sucking dick
Koscielny over Sakho anyday for me. vs
Such a great surprise last night at work. I can't believe this is happening!
haven't seen in 2 weeks this is record
Oh and using flash is an automatic back button -&gt; next result
told my mom I would be home at 12:30 and I'm just walking in the door now ..... this can't possibly end well for me
But I don't think that theres one girl that can handle me
Looking for a venue in NY for a showcase and music seminar, if you know a place please send me the info. Thank you!
*sees man smoking* [millennial voice]\nhey old man. combustions lame\n\n*whips out ecig, takes long pull of cherry vapor* [whispers]\n\n
If you act like a bitch, look like a bitch, sound like a bitch chances are you're a Bitch or Aflac
And shes only a junior
Staying up till 4 every night has not helped my sleepiness at all.....
That goal was pretty sick gotta admit
Why you gotta be so rude, don't you know I'm human too?
Tomorrow I get a fresh start, on life..
Bien ahi Costa Rica vamos carajo u rock
Wish I was a better liar so I could skip work to see @ the embarcadero tomorrow. Big inspiration to women in town!
Fuck. Altidore was on my fantasy team. Great.
I dont know by what measurements VS workers go by but that girl was soo off on my size dk 38 or 40 C im definitely a 36B my boobs arent big
You don't have to pay
Can't recall the last time I smoked a P dolo...
How my cousins from San Jose come to Santa Cruz just for the boardwalk haha
Joaquin Phoenix was amazing in Her. OS system story line was predictable, but his acting and the story surrounding it was beautiful
That's like getting lusty with your sister or brother that's disgusting
I change my mind I'm gona name my baby Aria too
Can Moes deliver yet
quien metio gool? no veo el partidJjajajajaj
Its a real scumbag move when someone steals something of yours from your own apartment down the beach
we went to AMS together &amp; i remember you were hella athletic!haha
First my hips now my knee?!
The TU today is gonna be real!
I'm comfortable enough with myself to admit that \"No 1 Party Anthem\" by the Arctic Monkeys makes me cry
Ahhhh it's gonna be so nice to have a full FIVE DAYS out of the city. Relaxation Nation.
Thank goodness is through. Maybe they can take out in the 5th game.
forgot my camera so didnt get any pictures of were I camped,bummer.But I had lots of fun and feel real good
I don't want to spend tonight alone, baby please would you spend your night with me?
If you don't mind girl put your legs up on my shoulders
Srsly so blessed to have the mom and sister I have and the family I have
How do you tell somebody you grew up with that you think you starting to catch feelings for them
3 more days until the best holiday in the world
If yo girl don't inspire other females, you need to upgrade...
Do I really have work at 6? Fuck my life
I really believe that I can be the next female white rapper. And a nurse on the side.
My head spinnin
Just wanna find a bad bitch at the Hamptons
Why does the purge have to be rated R I would like to see that on my birthday but no
I just want some gelato and 600 million dollars ...
Women with power are irrational. That's why we have men leaders lol.
My brother and I bond over food and medieval weapons
does someone want to volunteer to buy me pretty flowers and take me on a date
Ima be late for work fuck
long as you know that I can have any man that I want to
&amp; four black guys saw me running naked after sneaking into a pool
Tomorrow is a new day, life is good.
Quesarito? Taco Bell, this is why you need to die. Or, why the people who eat your shit will.
Hay mujeres que merecen ser admiradas, no por su cuerpo, sino por sus mentalidades. Esas mujeres que son brillantes siendo ellas.
BAHAH you're going to beat me? Would love to see that happen!
I need a pool to jump in. Its so hot!
NOOOO GET THE FUCK UO
Get me the tf out of this house
And then the nice man at Starbucks hands me a trenta and says \"looks like you need it\"
Hey John Green is on the Colbert show
Don't over think just hope it's right.
i don't have a dad
Bosnia! Keep pushing for the 2nd!!!
\"Long live the rose that grew from concrete.\"
Love how you keep an eye on me
hey cam! :D
What's the worst thing I could say things are better if I stay
weird to think how much can change in 2 weeks
Today was do perfect.......well kind of but it was still great
Beeer for days.
For the record and I didn't fight last night because she put her jacket on
someone to text would be nice..
I love that quote and I say it all the time
If you don't get up and wind up when Murder She Wrote comes on, then fuck you
I'm assuming that my boss didn't realize that I was supposed to work at 6 not 7 either
I'm such a cry baby omg
maybe I'll go on a walk
If its comfy its not fashionable
my life has been so unexciting since I graduated (not like it was exciting before)... being an \"adult' in the real world bites.
I need to get on herbalife they get promotions every week
I wanna eat 2 chicken chipotle burritos, some deep dish pizza from BJs, a strawberry brisk &amp;some oven \"fresh\" cookies from mcdonalds
Ghana's jerseys are nice tho
I want someone who's as beautiful as you
\"Idk dude. It's 5am and I'm playing with a flashlight. Leave me alone\"
When you're too tired to get up to turn off the lights but you can't sleep with them on what do you do
My plans for tonight changed so much idek if I wanna go out anymore
If yuh feel, Mi want yuh body, Yuh get trick!
Lol I thought they were gonna announce Zendaya ...I'm sick
Apple can do better. We as a community can and should expect more than the shitty piece of shit that is Xcode. There, I said it.
No freaking way are you taking my chicken mcnuggets with out losing a finger.
Hashtag it's too hot
I wish that the good out weighed the bad.
Lol what's USA soccer chant
My hair just went from 0 to 100
Ticked off now
Jheno Aiko has such a simple natural beauty to her, that's makes her look even more beautiful.
Always skipping leg day
Every conversation im having rn is funny
me: OMG Beasley is keeping us in this!!\nspurs: *makes 161 three-pointers*
The level of Ronaldo hate here is making this game phenomenal
LOL Lena Headey trolled all of you
Everytime I'm awake this late I get the most horrible depressing thoughts. Like wtf I just wish I could sleep at night
Don't bother talking to me for the rest of the ducking week cause I don't want to deal with your bullshit
Fuck ALL of you going to nocturnal wonderland. That was my idea &amp; now I can't even go :\/
And here I was thinking how annoying it is that I have to travel home before I can cook myself a nice hot meal for dinner...
30 second GOOOOOAL!
\"The gap can do wonderful things!\" lmfao! U ladies r so much fun 2watch!!u let watch 2night?!?
Today there is hope again for the American Judiciary ***Hobby Lobby***
i wish i had nice clothes
the amount of times i have read wintergirls is not healthy...
I'm so grateful that I have such forgiving friends
\"International standards are important to us and we provide our support strictly in accordance with these standards\"
I thought it was a good -- i.e. healthy -- thing when the breakfast taco joint on my block closed. But now it's a ice cream.
She a one hit wonder and u missin my classics\nDamn that's tragic
LIKE HOW DOESNT SHE END UP WITH JOHN SMITH
I have feelings.
Hate when it's so fucking humid out!
It feels good not having to ask your parents for money!! Get your own
what the heckaroni
Day one of chautauqua and work done and it went greattt
Lol you were good looking until your bio said \"I love hoes\"
I stopped tweeting for a while and this nigga is still tweeting about me
I honestly only want soup and a tuna fish sandwiches when I'm sick
I look like yes and you look like no
LETS GO USA!! At studio square !
So if you decide to write and upload any music lets let it be kind hearted and uplifting n the drought shall heal threw pure kindness n love
My mom always trynna compare me to somebody else's kids I swear.
Jamie is making a random psychic do a reading
Ev likes my friends more then me
saw this huge bolt of lightening now im in my car in front of my house refusing to get out
\"I'm not a freakin fish, I don't need to know how to swim.\"
And I had a PR going. Which never happens for me
its timeee to take my drunk ass homee i drank all the whiskey and my moneys all gone
Idc if colombia wins today today is a celebration of American independence
All that I'm after is life full of laughter
Don't recall a time I didn't have to worry about all this
God give me patience all I ask for honestly .
Damn I wish I went to Lakewod High all 4 years
I MIST THE LAST SERVICE ON SUNDAY..CAN I GET IT?
I get chills when everyone in the bar chants USA
HOLY SHIT NOBODY IS SAFE ANYMORE EVERYONE IS GETTING BLASTED
this rat is wasted
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off
OH: \"these cherries look really good, but I can't cheat on the fruit guy by me.\" Only in new york &amp; I totally understand my fruit guy rules.
If x marks the spot, 3 of them have gotta be a good thing.
That guy is a trooper. Must be the father of the crying kid.
But I mean it'd be sik if my dad stayed in New York for more than 5 hours
I really just need to be at my apartment in a face mask minding my business.
Hate when im hot that shit erks me mang
Time to run off all of this weekends drinks and food.
Lmfao were both laughing at you bitch
Honestly I just want a bae lmfaoooo
Sister: theres no good kosher Mexican food!\nMe: There must be Jews in Mexico! What do they eat?\nSister in law: shawarma\nWelcome to my family
Hey what was the ayahuasca center in Peru you visited? I am planning a trip. Unless I can find a place in NYC ...
11 we haven't talked in a wile and you're at McQueer so u know.
Fuck the French. GO USA. GO GERMANY.
You are seriously attractive. Please thank your parents for me.
I be telling myself I needa stop shopping... but what else do I make money for
Twitter and Reality are two separate things the problem with y'all is you try to mesh this shit...
I woke this morning thanking God just to be alive.
Bye for now twitter, I'ma read Papertowns... peys awt suckas
Watching Miami getting absolutely pooped on in the finals is the next best thing aside from the Knicks winning it all
He really called me the wrong name lmao.
I would cry if I had to watch tw this late.
Don't bitch about being lonely if you don't do anything to make yourself desirable.
Went to bed at 5 am and going back to sleep now
You can do it! - Rob Schneider
Damn Ghana wanna play fair and not take down all our players?
In the mood to talk to someone new
nothing haunts us like the things we don't say
there better be some vegan options other than frenchfries for todays event.
It all seems fictitous dreamin with my team for the riches They say to watch out, for the schem'n ass bitches
My boy comin in clutch wit the rbi triple gave us the W shoutout to the pitcher pitching a hell of a game against his former team
I know the USA is for a few persons with a brain I will try to buy one however is possible ps cu
Ugh. Every six months-ish I check to see if the third book in The Kingkiller Chronicles is out. It stillllllll isn't.
Someone's making French toast and bacon; I'm about to go knock on their door. I need that
Lose lose situation all the time
Ton of soccer fans on my shit rn
\"I write erotic novels for children\"
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE SAY THEY HATE SOCCER
You are the piece of me I wish I didn't need.
i have a slight obsession with all things floral designed
Go to school. Get a real job. Twitter just shows me that the generation I'm a part of has no grasp on reality.
They keep showing that player from Ghana with the Mohawk and the blonde streaks underneath and I want that for my hair
Still haven't caught my sub but you're texting me soo
pick me up and let's drive until were not here anymore
My cat just got so excited over my new sneakers that he's having an asthma attack..
I want a tattoo or maybe a henna just to start off lol
Honestly when you love someone everybody else can see they full of shit but you won't see it
Future to get my Monday started.... Real and True
America doesn't tie.
Worst customer service I have ever had in my life that fucker made my blood boil
Can't wait to catch this pussy nigga he's getting knocked out and a nice Lougie in the face
It's hard for me to be an champion when I've never been invited on.
every good book is becoming a movie which makes me happy and sad at the same time
So pumped for that I'm getting the game despite not even owning an XB1. Also, I'm rockin' that new SO banner. I&lt;3Insomniac
What if the World Cup was just God playing FIFA?
He can smoke out of a banana that's how talented he is.
The best thing I've done this year was break up with my ex and I am the happiest person realizing that.
LMAO I BURNED ALAN AND ADAM WITH MY CIGAR LAST NIGHT
All I want in life is a follow from
I wish I was looking into your eyes.
There we fucking gooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Except once when I remembered how you tried making my close friends and others turn against me by saying how \"bad\" I treated you...
\": Find a way or make your own. I'm bout to get mine.\"
Did We Tie Germany in WWI?\nDid We Tie Germany in WWII?\nHell no. We beat Germany. And we'll beat them tomorrow in the World Cup.\nMerica.
Wii came out in 2006? Man I'm old
Wtf do I reply to that
The Sandlot is on and my day is now significantly better
we got ticket checked L M F A O ok
Is she a bad bitch lets get to it
It must be nice having a family that looks out for you
i h8 boys
I'm sooo nervous about getting this tattoo on my ribs. I'm gonna need someone to hold my hand
Don't know who to root for cause the French are a bunch of pussies, and the Germans are a bunch of nazis
Popcorn, cheese and grapes is totally an adult meal, right?
I had a dream that me and wiz were chillin and couldn't stop laughing, &amp; I woke up laughing
Our pleasure. We loved meeting and speaking with you!
Miss my best friend
they say communication saves relations
Los Venezolanos somos Gente Buena y Humilde
Cause I don't ever want to imagine that all the other niggas like me ever had a chance
my feet are in so much pain omg
Kinda wanna have a fire tonight
You say you love her sooo much but yet you were cheating on her .... Okayyyyy
Subjecting myself to the waiting game is the worst thing in the world.
\": People who generally walk fast tend to live longer.\"guess im gonna speed walk forever
niggas never appreciate what they have.
Some people post some out of pocket shit on twitter lol
Dude I still have hella people too see!
pense q yA no existia pa ti ;)) rt : aleeeeeeeeeeee.
I honestly hope the spurs win tonight just so the season ends and I can turn on ESPN without seeing lebron all day anymore
That was beautifullllll!!
The only reason Mexico has gotten this far is because Ochoa is insane
I'm about to get in trouble for tweeting that but I could care less rn
Uh...that was for all the fan fiction, eh? Happy Pride!
oh how I wish I was going with Ariana and her friends on her birthday trip
The look really bad for the way in which they have stabbed Larry Drew in the back...
What a quote to live by
It sounds like Bosnia just moved to my block !
You'll never know what goes on in side that one persons head.
Not taking my phone to Disney, I need to get away from the bullshit for a couple of days.
tbh i didn't even care until you started talking about my son.
Nunca vi alguem comer tanta besteira q nem o raphs, e dps eu q fico gordo pqp
Best feeling ever after 12 hours of work is kicking back and facing a dub
Im having a party tn and no ones invited &gt;
Since when did making a Facebook profile for your infant become a thing?
One of my favorite categories of food: slightly too hot. It's an evolutionary advantage to get to the brownies first.
I want to travel to an exotic location when I get to the climax of my life.
You ain't doing shit till you making niggas mad
It's about to be one hell of a weekend
Best grilled cheese I've ever made
Remember when people were all like: fuck Dick Cheney? Still applies.
Well the SCOTUS has screwed over Americans again!
Noooooo!!!!!!!! Not Jozy!!!!!!
Can't w8 for the USA game later ugh yes
don't understand why bucket hats are a thing or why people think they look good in them
Y'all be careful w\/ fireworks this 4th cuz were in an intense drought!!! with that being said can't wait to celebrate Americas independence!
Yup, still at work. This will definitely be my latest night yet.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you don't stop thinking about yesterday....
So my day started when i woke up with a live roach in my arm. And ended with me, getting chased down by a dog otw home.
Guys I know I have no ass .
Like why do I have baby hairs, why won't those bastards fucking grow
Gabi wilson cut off for Comercial\nLil wayne song I herd 40 time on the radio shows entire preformce
Tried Johns Deli for the first time, pretty good
I'd rather have no friends than fake friends
someone come meet me at west lido
Messsssiiiiii my boooo gooooaaaaaal
when is it gunna get better...
Can all my cortland friends just come to buffalo like now??
Ik it's none of my business but God damn nobody asked you b
3 day drinking binge I need to stop
Just finished the rest of the handles I had from prom weekend. What a sad time. RIP.
Like how r u gonna call me and tell me lies? I don't play these fuck games
My mom woke me up from my four hour nap to ask me if I wanted to go for ice cream....
CANT SLEEP I NEED TO FIND MY CAR KEYS WTF
Leonard you can sit down it's okay
Awesome goal....bar is unreal!!!!
Parker decided to show up finally
They had some terrible actors on the Sopranos.
I wonder how rich I would be if I patent every idea I said I would...
That I will speak no evil and I will see no darkness
the guys from the vamps if they are beautiful
The reason everyone hates the US is not because we meddle in other countries affairs, it's because we call it soccer
Just choked on a straw. K.
The CONCACAF is showing that they mean business in the world cup..
THIS IS GONNA BE THE GAME !
DUDE WHO IS THIS FOUR EYE DUDE LOL
All Shoes needed was this Second Chance. It's on Now.
I NEED A DAMN TEE SO I CAN SPEND THE WHOLE SUMMER HITTING OFF A TEE AND A SOFT TOSS PARTNER
My grandma be asking me mad questions to see if I'm gay lol
Boutta go get me some fuckin insomnia cookies or see if the variety store sells bud
Shutting off my alarm because school's out for summer &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Oh wait, time to get up LOooollLlll
My room be smellin good af, but the rest of my house...well that's not my problem
JSU CHAUD DE OUFFFFFF PR LE MATCH BATARD
I LOVE YOU CLINT
Gave up a Yankee ticket to come to Vitts surprise party, if that's not love idk what is
lmao just finished watching full moon party on youtube
UGGS FOR REAL ARE YOU SERIOUS.
Lmao I'm dying
OMG NYC pride is too much
Seinfeld Season 10, brought to you by Path
The Street Trash guy made a short about a sentient ice cream cone and it has the guy from CSI Miami
Vamos ticos nava es el mejor arquero
Quiero darte cada uno de mis instantes.
Messi 1- Bosnia -0
Love these US jerseys too.
I like futbol
Nigga you cant see me my bently gt got soul grey tinnnnnnnts
Life in the 21st century: we go to a social gathering of friends and do nothing but mutually stare at our phones.
If you're turning up every night you need to catch a hold of your life and find something productive to do.
Fuck yea Dempsey!!
Can't get up from bed but that's nbd, bc it's Germany vs France time.
Keep saying yous a freak, you gon' prove it or nah?
Fuck being on some chill shit
Just so you guys know Shay Bay gave in &amp; texted me back.
I'm about to embark on the most refreshing shower experience ever
I got a blackberry when my dad bought a second hand 1 for me it didn't even last as long as \"miss Jenny fire\" Lmao
There shouldn't be pads or tampon commercials on national television
why they cut the girl off that's foul BET let ratchetness play though
My niggas got enough white to build Barack house! Hannnnnnn
I look at flavors of juices at grocery stores&amp;if they sound good I order the same flavors at tpumps do other ppl do that or am I just weird?
I need muller to score please I want that $1300
Standing room only to see Jennifer_Peck demo
Not sure if Spurs fans or Heat Haters. Where's yo team at
someone let me swim in their pool im hot and i cant sleep
I keep threatening my doctor with everything in the book if he doesn't get me to walk by Cali camp...
Ok my tv keeps changing colors and it's VERY annoying
why am I tired every single second of my life
Es la verdad,a mi me gusta saber que Uruguay puede salir campion,porque poder pueden,porque el ultimo gol no fue de Suarez,pero mhmh
Four more days until mercury is out of retrograde.
I wouldn't have unfollowed you on Instagram because you look good... then I saw another shoutout
Once u pop u can't stop
I watch orange is the new black but I'm not as impressed as all the other viewers out there. Am I missing something?
I hate fake bitches and ur one of them
My make up is on point today.
I am obsessed with the song 1 less problem without you by
It's becoming a tradition, buying McDonald's and not eating it
gonna go find myself in the museum
My mom loves to be a bitch
Trick Trick went and bullied Eminem into making another track with him, or nah?
Hey does anyone know the date?
Every time I'm reminded that \"The Notebook\" is a movie and I was forced to sit through it I become physically sick.
Man I so sick of being closet depressed
What if I wrote \"high school always bothered me anyway\" with a picture of Elsa on my cap
so I can tell you about my day
My sister was just jamming out in the car like a complete homo to we dem boyz
Little shit is getting to me &amp; tuning my whole day
class in Cali! 10 years of making athletes better &amp; giving people a better quality of life!
Greatest celebration to the U.S. goal was in spoons family room and not on the field
Beautiful to see that majority of the fans cheering in the stadium are American!!!
is \"shoot\" hurt or not? Now that's selling
A little soul is necessary in life...
I know I need to be thankful for where I'm at... But this isn't working out
Lightening bug spotting. It's that time of year.
Thankgod for ... Nigga is real
FUCKING JONES LETS GOOOOO USA USA USA
Im abt to start staying in, no more parties.
BOOYA FRICKIN YA
When your heart is too full with something new it makes it difficult to hold on to something from the past
I would pay my entire life savings for White Castle rn
*Desi RT : you can't buy a Chris
boom . im currently listening to tr's podcast interview
Again, preferred choice should be to get a winger for Tavares. Not sure why Snow would be looking into centers, but it's workable.
Nigga Lamont date a 13 year old
I missed the last one, I must attend this year
you should come right here to Oakland California we need you here
\": Thank you for the FT! Made me smile!\"\nYour so welcome. You make me smile too.
I hate ma fuckas tht walk around w ashy ass lips like wht? Theres gloss, chapstick, butter anything but pick one
Another great goal! Don't you think do ?
I am boycotting all Ziploc brand products for running a back to school commercial 4 days after school got out.
like wtf pick up after yourselves be nice to the planet you live on
. High drama...left a chance go begging
Niggas ain't beefing with a hamburger.
Soccer's a lot better when you're rooting for someone
Not having a car is just so inconvenient
\"Lululemon is like poopy juice. You should work at the Lego store\"
Lmao youve become so blind its pretty sad but do you ive tried for a good couple of months
Dammmmm 2-1 :(
If you ever need me, just tell me and I'll be there.
If two drunk dudes who announce themselves as creeps harass you while you're crossing the street to get away get hit by cars that's ok, no?
Tonight would be another wonderful night to spend with you..
This is lookin bad
\"I totally hate that kid's Instagram\"
Want to buy Windows legitimately and install it via Boot Camp? Microsoft Store screws you with a terrible experience all the way through.
If I find more reasons why I should rather than why I shouldn't do something than I will do it
I can already see listening to Paola speak as the worst part of this season.
Woke up mad af for no reason lol
Wish it was the day of that blizzard at work. The day with no customers. I drew nametags, stole multiple bags of chips and laughed it up.
Real shit RT : don't get mad at me if i start falling back and move on just because you don't want to show no emotions
That has to be a record breaking score !!
New York is gross and cool
That's deffiantnantly a broken nose
Biron messaged me to apologize for randomly trolling me.
My phone had been 1% for like 15 minutes. Die already.
I seriously owe robin x5847173 for taking my shift today
K no lie lebron did work tonight it's not his fault
I don't understand, every time LeBron loses he's hurt or something happens to be wrong with him....smh
A Couple in a short hate\/hate relationship 2 come back together by chance years later to find both matured &amp; found true love..
Dempsey is a monster
What the freak earth quake coming were over due ge prepared for the big one it may come around September just warning you guys get prepared
That was just... Disgusting. It should have been a sweep on our part. Never had that big pitch. Off to Chicago.\n\n
I've let so many great opportunities go due to my lack of confidence and it needs to change
Ughhhh today was such a good day
Spyro the Khalessi baby dragon
I've come to the complete realization that I in fact hate wearing clothes.
I called it spurs 4-1 before it even started
ima throw a couple thousands baby strip for this
I don't get what your not understanding, text me
\"this one is a lot girthy-er\" baguette knowledge from the GF
I got in for free because Britt sang the national anthem which she did beautifully...
If you follow me and your picture is of you holding your dick that's an automatic block
I think that may have a little too much time on his hands based on his snap stories recently
forty fuckin four on my math mock lol
My mom just asked if the spurs were from San Francisco...
I don't recall Michael Jordan ever losing in the NBA Finals. Let alone three times.
My phone is on 2% and I have no charger
\": 1 day till the album comes out !! Weeeee\" I'm so Excited!
Actually think I've officially stopped giving any fucks today.
I swear, my moms gonna be late to her own funeral.
If anyone can feel u its me
I'm not feeling well RN :(
\": Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.\"
I hate having to use touch assist
i love buying new makeup bc i get so excited to go home and try it lol
And not for fourth of July or because usa is winning right now. They just tuff
I need an adventure buddy
So a nigga drops 31 and still gets ridiculed??? Lol why y'all want that nigga to fail SOOO badly? Lmao my followers tripping
Pretty sure tourists wouldn't walk as fast as New Yorkers if they were jogging.
Who wins a title first, Lakers or Celtics? Private Equity dudes and Danny Ainge or rich kid Jim Buss?
Sometimes talking to people you don't know to well can give you the best advice
Need alot more than what Niggas got in their pants
Just want to do work and settle with a girl Chasing after girls and partying is becoming a distraction need to get to the governor's mansion
My hellweek is over!!! And my episode is out in the airwaves!!! This merits whiskey!
I was there for you in your darkest times.
He has a short temper, just like me. He cuts ppl off while they're speaking, just like me. He ALWAYS wants his way, just like me.
I love it when girls go all out in usa gear...ladies of america
My liver hates me right now
Hi twitter! I just don't know what to say. was...
There are community ambassadors that walk around being nice. One asked me if I needed anything since I had :3 face on.
When u buy American eagle shorts and wear them for three hours and they're two sizes larger
There's some wired ass people in Central Park
No way ginobli!!
My whole paycheck is really gone..
\"Gwen\" is \"Grace\" on crack, can't let go of the bar!
on Americans Got Talent making me tear up and shit
ISIS militants killed judge who sentenced Sadam Hussain to Death.
My family is so awkward when it comes to like loving Eachother &amp; stuff
Dont know why vouice in head when jeses sounds like chipmonk teaching psychology
Financially it makes sense for Bosh and Wade to opt in because they ain't never getting that kind of money again
Very disappointed in the teamsnapchat Fourth of July snap
19 is such a boring number
Finally trying , today is going to be a good day
Cole 45 &amp; 2 zig zags baby thats all we need
Okay back to my no tweeting for a few days shit again.
The thought of loving someone again is overwhelming &amp; it's making me ruin us. I'm afraid to lose you but I'm afraid to keep you. Idk.
The cards ang and Amanda gave me for graduation made me tear up
\": damn that's fucked\"hell yea.
The only thing getting me through work RN is the knowledge that there's meat lasagna at home
How tight Are we really? If I died tonight you wouldn't know or care.
My ability to stress drink will legitimately be the death of me..
and when Lycia faith retweeted one of my tweets and followed me
The fact that I'm awake and doing homework rn just means that I have way too much going on in my life at the moment
imm soo fancy YOU ALREADY KNOWWWWWWWW
Ahhhh needa take my ass to the gym but i'm half asleep already
Witnessing one's body mold to one's liking awards a ton of power. Changing your physical structure makes you feel like you can do anything
Clint Dempsey nose broke !
Really not feeling this 8 hour work day.
When people say they're \"board\" omgggg it's fucking bored!
Let's go baby , and go on an adventure
You're right, person at Walmart, that item IS more better than the other!
Who wanna go to LA????
I have no sympathy
Ball out of control put my balls in a microwave
I really liked the word disheveled
It ain't no fun if you ain't drunk
Turns out they're making thousands of life sized teenage mutant ninja turtle cardboard cut outs.
because people still think im moving , im not . im staying in ny but im moving to carthage .
Yooo I was nog expecting that lmfaoooo
I'm not tired at all I should clean my room
I'm the spider in your room and I've got eight eyes all on you.
Now I REALLY need to roll this
The locals are very friendly, there's like five people who asked me if I needed help &amp; directions
I've been cutting so much kids for graduation. But I cant really complain if I'm puttin in work
take a shot for every bobby pin you find in your hair
Everyone has their flaws, just because you are overweight doesnt mean you don't have them either.
Have to get up for work at 6:30am but chooses to play till 2:00am
Anyone having issues posting videos on ? Wrote to them and have not heard back. Any suggestions how to fix the issue?
Nice to see steve back in the car after his crash at Trenton. Hopefully we can make it a successful last 13 races. Hoping one gets cancelled
Props to all the people who feel 100% comfortable taking serious selfies
All the best to my &amp; family for summer funk on 5th July ! Rock it!
Fuck crazy how I didn't know how I looked like a baby until barely last week
Like Gravity, Karma Is So Basic We Often Don't Even Notice It.
Damn come on Manu damn spurs with the fts
If we lose it's Obama's fault
man you know I'm just playin wit you chill
why'd you only say those things when you were high?
KEEP CALM &amp; EAT A BANANA .
I'm sitting here on silence staring at my dad sleep lol. Ultimate creep
wow now that kaela and angela are gone I am really fucking bored
Bruh that reyna girl a savage , smashin on some natomas hoes lmaaoo
There are those that make you lose faith in humanity and others that restore that faith.
US on their bully shit
What is that magic healing spray, and where can I get some?
Cuddling with lily after a long stressful day is everything right now.
She reppin XO to the death
If you got a lot of hair you know taking that shit down after a long day is equivalent to taking your bra off
Sadly im not going to pride.
yeah you can be her forever baby but tonight you're mind
If you touch her I'll fuck you up
Cannot wait for the fourth of July
This city is perfect.
I fucking remember why I left
I feel like I died and was shit back out by a Phoenix.
I'm over it
\"Who the hell is Julius Caesar. You know I don't follow the NBA\"
I'm gonna go crazy because I'm thinking so much
I happened to know someone with a beard like his &amp; you know what his name was? Saddam Hussein
I just wanna watch netflix and cuddle
Lets pray today for the ones that lost someone they loved &amp;love
go to the girl w\/o a boyfriend who's sweet &amp; lonely aka me
Be sure to get your tickets for BROADWAY BARES this Sunday! We're gonna be melting faces for an amazing cause! Put a dollar in my undies!!!
The real loser today: my liver.
I want pizza
I gott say, from my perspective, this World Cup has being the most unpredictable and most dynamic of all!
I second-guess myself far too often
Wow. Boris Diaw for 3 and 2 floaters. I can't get enough!
hey throwback to when all of irvine high blew up twitter when iusd canceled our days off
I didn't like today's baseball practice
Jermaine Jones- despite yellow card, American hero.
Is that sweat or rain
Apparently in PT grad school you can't go to the bathroom without bringing a flash card to review .. Heard it through the grapevine
Is the legal drinking age changing a rumor???
I fuck with people that show thy care about you...
If you have a bad hairline don't even bother trying to talk to me..
All of them were overjoyed when they asked where I was from and I replied France
Madlib Mind Fusion V.1-V.5
Jerkoffs wippin it in my neighborhood at 130 am
Just seen the girl of my dreams walk out the train station ..
Mom \"I love that rainbow colored sailboat!\"\nDad \"That's because you're gay Elizabeth.\"
I'm dead ABOUT to stop watching this
bound. \nMy life has changed dramatically. 180-degrees in the last couple of months. For the better. For the best.
Ghana play mad dirty injuring ppl all over
WELL SHIT. 30 seconds in.
If I can barely talk how the hell do you think I'm gonna be able to go to work? My meds don't work that fast
Disney movies are actually so funny and clever
that would hurt so much haha
why does Andi always have such glossy\/shinny eyes?
Cuz I'm not
They wild for that RT : If something happens to me NEVER put a shirtless selfie up on TV of me.
About to be the slowest 8 and 1\/2 hour shift ever
Why can't you want me like the other boys do
Ask yourself, what am I waiting for? A rainbow wrapped package with a card signed by Jesus himself? God blessed you with desire.
because life can do terrible things
The way society makes people about themselves is just awful. No one should care about how much they weigh or what they look like.
Its a 2hour flight to Maui and a 7hour flight home.
I wonder when I'm gonna meet
Dempsey just got fucked in the face.
Mosquitoes only want me for my blood
\": Bundle up its gonna be a cole summer lol get it\" go to sleep lmao
lmao I remember when I went to a \"trap house\"
I was told my hair is feathered and fabulous. That's a new one
Listen to the song \"Really Don't Care\" by Demi Lovato! It's a good breakup song!!!
I hope I see oomf td :-D
Fun scenario - the , taking things too literally, sign Dany Heatley and couple him with Casey Cizikas on the penalty kill.
Checkin in at Dave Chapelle's show!!!! With
I'm such a dick to floorboards, but it's k because he's watermelon
Championships for teams wearing black and silver this week. So let's all laugh at the Nets for only having black and white uniforms
24 Hour Duty on the 4th of July! I'm gonna use my right as an American and run to Mexico!
I still haven't watched 22 jump street
Zane is honestly not funny lol
Haters will keep doing their job. But we should be careful not to be dragged onto their level.
Is it bad that I didn't know what July 4th really was , and knew what I was drinking today instead ?? Aw well
Class hasn't started and I already want to leave
Lil Ceasers Pizza taste so bad . Yuck.
This girl had to use her fingers to do 27-23. Oy.
Lets talk.about the times when i used to go through it
This sketchy number has texted me 3 times in the last month and every time I ask who it is they don't reply
I ain't trying to live past 25 tbh lol
Let's fucking go! BANGER! Let's go
I say good riddance to Jason Kidd, but I'd demand a 1st round pick, and not take anything less. JKidd is showing his true colors!
Did a stop at a red light. My b
So fuckin' excited!
Happy 4th of July to everyone!
Hola como veo fotos de la promesa de 16 horas la cuplio?
Twerk Miley Miley Twerk Miley Miley Twerk \/\/
I've gotten no sleep the last couple of nights, thank god I have no tests tomorrow
After 12 am everything is so fucking funny to me .
ended way to fast... Next week looks AWESOME Too bad Its only 1a wk
My Twitter retweeting shit on its own yo
The media be camped on Yasiel Puig's dick. Let the young nigga ball!!
Law &amp; order marathon
Finallllllly get to relax and read
I'm about 2 seconds from shooting my scumbag neighbors push mower with dad's 12 gauge. It's the loudest ever and I can see his ass crack.
we got one more in Miami boys let's go
You da hottest bitch in this place.
Hitting that H&amp;M tomorrow gotta re up on some new shii
\"I don't know any guy that says he wants his dick cut off more than joe.\"
my life is about to look so much cooler because I just got a
Just saw a girl wearing a crop top that said \"fancy as fuck\" false you're actually trash
Lmfao yea sure is going win the Money In The Bank it's his 5th try keep hoping for a push
Since when did Americans care about soccer?
Regardless of religious views, HL was case about corporate law.SCOTUS allowed politicization of case to make it about religion.Bad decision
if it's the last thing I do
Knowing I get to sleep in tomorrow is the best feeling
London tubes &gt; New York subways
Determined to have a good day td !
My druggy love me when I'm ugly hug me when I'm bummy scummy I'm your hubby let's get lost let's get lost
Literally can't breathe!!!!!
The warm ass weather makes up for the freezing ice box of a cinema theater. AF
We shouldn't be happy. We should be beating the crap out of eachother
Oh allergies be nice to me tonight please!!
My favorite NYC sunny day exercise activity is avoiding anyone trying to get me to sign a petition.
Ever see some people you knew in high school and just think \"wow your life is somehow even MORE boring now...\"
It all comes down to this! One game. We only need one point to clinch. But let's go get all 3!!
love how empty the gym is at this time
\": Sharing isn't caring .\" So What Is Sharing?
Very many New Yorkers suck :\/
Big fan of Jozy so I'm very disappointed he's probably out of the World Cup with that injury
Had a pawsome day in today w Even slept thru a play.. Just don't get that guy. Arf-Arf!
We will never sleep cause sleep is for the week and we will never rest until were all fucking dead
First day of work tomorrow! The boredom tweets finally come to an end
The 1 girl that I would literally do anything for.
Fantastic Interactive on why businesses should use an system to streamline workflows
Isaiah 61:1 \n\n61:1 The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me,\nbecause the Lord has anointed me to bring good news to the poor;
how i wish i could be in mexico to watch the world cup
I'm getting mad from how hot I am
cool bio where'd you get that idea!!
My mom seriously kisses my brothers ass. It's so pathetic
When I met you in the summer
30 minutes in the States and already a difference in culture smh people here are so rude to one another
I thought Ronaldo was supposed to be good. Haha
Movies that end with cliffhangers make me so upset
18. What is something you won't tolerate from the opposite sex?
Wow q pase Di Maria jajjajajajajaj
We can just run them red lights
I wish there was a breakfast place that delivered
I havent had such a comferting thought in so long, my happy subconscious just broke through
As soon i walk up in the club im a flirt
Love when I don't have to set an alarm
im afraid to go in on vine cuz everyone is getting they xxx deleted.... what yall think.
Final score: Team Jordan 105, Harlem 4 Life 94
Shoutout to the guy named Phil that fixed the dent in my car!:D
I'm not a soccer fan but I sure do love this country
\"No I like your singing, especially when you sang soft kitty.\"\nWhen people remember little things.
so 's favorite movie is 10 Things I Hate About You
Sometimes I just wish my parents grasped my references to popular culture.
At a grad party and someone is asking people what school they are going to and I was like I will be going to westhill
I am presently living in a box. Like actually.
all these pictures and videos of the pride parade make me wanna kms cuz I'm not there
My chicken nuggets need to hurry tf up.
Sunday stud day was on point tonight, dope new track from mike and sammy adams
I'm kinda pissed I wasn't able to make it to the party last night.
This dude really impregnated a fat chick, he deserves a standing ovation
Of course Ron Hextall is the one d-bag that forgot to remove his credentials before going to the stage.
and three years later I'm still utterly in love with this person and no one can replace them.
I'm still weirded out by police on horse.
TLIST IM SO HAPPPPPPPYYYYY NOW I REALLY NEED TO GOOOOO
How you call ya boo sis nah LMAOOO
JONES JONES JONES
Supreme Court says closely held companies with religious owners can refuse to pay for contraception - ,
But he'll text me he wants to eat me out tho smh this nigga got some nerve ... We will never work
Happy Independence Day!! It's also Toby Keith's favorite holiday
I need some of that dirty grass right now.
How am I gonna get laid this weekend with this rash on my face
Has the replaced the ?
Like I kinda want Taco Bell or Chipotle but I'm not sure if I want authentic Mexican food right now.
I love Eminem
so it's moving up day and all the guys are gonna be wearing suits hOLY SHIT
10 episodes is too damn short.
That feeling when you find a song you've been looking for almost 3 years&gt;&gt;&gt;
All I've seen is the first 5 minutes of teen wolf season 4 and I'm like YASSSSSSSSSSSS
Why you gotta be so ruuuuuuude
Shirazette Tinnin () will join us on drums at July 5. Looking forward to it!
Tonight's going to be a good night.
I wanna move to the Middle East and buy a baby tiger and maybe a monkey idgaf
In honor of Independence Day we'll throw a party but everyone must eat by themselves.
It's always some type of new bullshit drama everyday, grow the fuck up
Thank you . I will be there!!!
GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF THIS FUCKING CITY WITH ITS FUCKING TRAINS THAT TRAP ITS RIDERS UNDERGROUND. I PAY $112 A MONTH TO END UP TAKING CABS.
\"A tie is worse than losing.\" - USA
This heat man. I think Ive feel a sleep for 4 hours.
Can I pls live in Tokyo
Why so much ppl doing laundry on ah Friday damm shit more packed then the club
Benzino's mom died, he got shot, his girl fucked his bestfriend and Mona Scott is just exploiting all this tragic shit.
Malia Obama's Sweet 16 is tonight? But I don't have anything to wear..
The problem with knowing mad people is that I don't know what to do for my birthday lol
ONE HOUR AND 44 MINUTES BRB KILLING MYSELF
Told myself I wouldn't catch feelings. But I did.
hope the US gets eliminated already
Im so close to Mexico rn
People come to my Bon fire
Well I just got upset at the worst time.
Get low when the whistle go
I've been selfish, and it is time that I act differently. Do not be selfish.
YES! Wotta beauty! My jaw literally dropped.
I think I've made a dent in this chair because I've haven't left it in the last 7 hours
CLINT DEMPSEY IS YOUR BOY!!!\n
Its about time I got some new mascara
Damn Altidore injury already ?
I reckon if Jiggers gets 100 points in Leaving DCU will still want him
I just got stabbed by a thumbtack in Ashley's bed
I feel like sht
I would kill for a massage right now
Happi GDai ta all mi fellow brothers ..may we continue to see better daiz on diz strive to excellence..Bo$ .
BEST NEWS OF MY LIFE
Made hot chocolate. Burned my tongue. Proceeded to drink it anyway.
Se paso rompiendo a to estos palomitos
A good way to end every fight is with \"I hope you get a STD\"
Born in the A.S.S. (Hole)
I caved my hair is black again
I love the fact that no matter the fights or cruel words I can always turn around and talk to my mom about anything
Having a job and money never lets me down. People do
Scandal has overcome my entire life
These niggas really lost
Men now a days aren't childish.. They're like toddlers.. Better yet they're like infants
IM SO STRESSED AND I JUST WANT TO SWIM AND EAT BBQ PIZZA
Fuck having a sweet 16! Thats too much stresssss
Also, allow me to reiterate that there is NO Waffle House.
People are so self absorbed they don't even notice it.
PSA: L train is fucked.
Beautiful things don't ask for attention.
If I don't fuckin get invited to a carne asada this summer I will 4ever hate all my mexi friends
But why would anyone explain themself . I'm not anyone who needs an explanation .
New least favorite thing: gages with the playboy bunny on them
People who rely on other people for their own happiness will never be happy
Welcome to George's where it's dark and really hot and we can't actually make your pizza because there's no power but I'm here anyway
Just witnessed a guy get tackled by the cops in the middle of Starbucks...
Well congrats spurs
My grandma think she's knows everything
I love her if she speak another language
Maybe I just fucking love summer
Because who doesn't want tacos and hopefully a follow like bish whet
I dont occasionally ask for Favors...but this Is My life we are talking bout
Okay , I see you and your awesome pre-game music choices. Section 431a dance party. All are welcome.
Omg i feel dumb lmao
Realizing I can do so much better.
Dempsey does it
my name on nikkis snapchat is \"bytha\" :((
When I'm tired I gotta stop tweeting .
They calling you the saviour, so much pressure but you deal with it\nThe weight of the world on your shoulders but you still lift it
Ronaldo is at his worst rn:\/
Thinking wisely who ima call out hmmm
Alicia Fox HAD to watch herself get pinned didn't she... Can't just close your eyes and maybe sell the finisher.
Woman are exposing woman.... Smh y'all really low
Happy Fourth of July everyone! And remember it's our 238th birthday, NOT our 2,014th birthday.
History made today; followed me!!
Finally beat Wind Waker after all these years. Now, time to tackle Twilight Princess.
I'm honestly feeling terrible for Altidore though. Anyway, ! .
Too tired to go to work
Does animal crossing teach children how to throw shade?
Can I just pls live in the city
Did anyone else see that awesome umpire nut shot? ?
People that don't fuck w\/ you will be they first to say \"you forgot about me\" when you get on
I've got love pouring out of my veins, but it's all vanity, it's all vanity
Catching elbows to the ribs and his knees are pushing mine in against my own well wishes. I didn't realize we were playing low-post, bro...
Great workout. Got both cardio and strength in.
\"REV docket is ambitious but we're New York and we're ambitious.\" Audrey Zibelman, PCS.
I'm a boy
Someone must slide into my dm or else I'll kill a bug.
My mentions is a slippery slope. You gonna end up falling
Pretty sure I have a test tmrw that I know nothing on lol
Getting hit by a tropical storm on our honeymoon seems appropriate after the wedding reception we had...
I need these guys to come home. I gotta get ready for work
Anyone wanna get ice cream with me ?
My retweets though lol
A corona makes everything better
I still got love for her tho that's my nigga
My eyebrows are so fucked up at this point, Jesus needs to take the wheel
After reading 'Stash Pad', I fear that no one will actually live in NYC.
teen wolf season 3 on dvd = gr8 bday present for a yung Shanae.
I'm about to go too hard after work tomorrow
The term swimmy or swimmy swim is possibly the gayest
Does anyone have a pool I could borrow?
Robin Thickie is just a black man in white skin.
IT'S YA BOY NICK CANNON FALL OFF.
Can I press pause on being an adult. Please?
Cuz then you get to see THE REAL them.
IM GONNA MAKE ARIANA BIRTHDAY PRESENTS NOWW GUYS
Woot. Go USA! (Of course I was looking away during the goal)
Learned something new today .. Don't leave my food around Charlie
Abay with my bride of 24 years
That's why I don't think too hard about everything I don't want to give up what I have
This is exactly why I stopped letting people into my life and started cutting a lot of people out
Winning ain't boring
You never know what life is ment until reality hits you hard
My FB delete fest was very cathartic though those eliminated will never know\/care &amp; that's kind of the point
And to think...were up 22-6 to start this game. Poetry in motion!
I swear there's no sharing this bed with this woman... No blanket ...no nothin lol too funny
Just finished mud run came in 4 outta 30
I watch for and soccer for
Just went to price some cards on and discovered I don't have to hit \"Enter\" twice to submit a price anymore
What up equalizer.
\"I`m a stress eater and I've been eating a lot lately, so I need spanx. Are you okay with that?\"
That's just not my family I've distanced from them all because they decided to be judgemental...
Tbh I just want to isolate myself from the world but still have someone there for me
I'm not good in editing, kahit sa schedule ko &lt;\/3
Y RUEDA LA PELOTA!!!
A kiss is a great way to shut a girl up.
Dolla 99 will get u 100 its much easierr b
Other than I lost my hair at 19 &amp; I got skin cancer &amp; all my teeth R Fallin out &amp; my feet stink &amp; I pick my nose &amp; burp &amp; cuss I'm Beeutiful
swinging at bear road. damn they need new swings.
Benzino is the type of nigga that JUST wanna eat your pussy...
Good to see fernando gago back. Nvr really shined in Europe but his boca days forget about it
Drew is the next Gandhi :-)
Ugh I'm so happy I bought this romper
My dreams are fucking with my head
I'm always asking God when it's my time to have children please let them be cute lol. Ratchet I know smh
Kinda scary bc idk wtf I'm gonna do with my life lol
Feel as if I've watched all that Netflix has to offer smh
My mom wants me to send her a picture of my toe....... This is where my weird comes from everyone
THE INSTRUMENTALS IS FUCKING AMAZING I SWEAR I HEARD A BIT OF STRINGS KILL ME
Vine always got me in tears
How I'm feeling it doesn't matter cause you know I'm okay.
UFA signing day and the US gets knocked out of the World Cup tomorrow. Annual traditions.
I want to see Dean Ambrose ruin both MITB matches for his former partners.
Love how my mom lost my $300 and she looks at me and goes \"sorry\"
Don't ****ing whistle at me I'm not no dog..
Karlie the worst type of female yo.... know a few Karlie Redd's
There's this song on the radio that gives me bad feels. :'( it makes me so sad.
Just give me a few hours. I'll be good
I always miss out on the pictures fml
Jason Collins what are U doing there? -
I think Damali sees EVERY tweet that says 'Tori Kelly'
Thursday can't come soon enough
I'm sitting in front of my house &amp; my brother wanna come with all his thugs &amp; smoke weed here ok
I've already said multiple times I want wade to join the sixers this off season. Lol
Bad weed makes me sad as fuck. Bruh. Das so dusty
Don't do this. RT Why am I not sleepy? I was exhausted 2 hours ago.
We now need a John Steinbeck to write about CA's power and wealth and tell the struggles of working men and women trying to live.
head in the clouds with my toes in the struggle
if i ever get married i will NEVER depend on my husband for money lol bye
Best game ever * '
Guess who's playing at University Park this September!!! FOSTER THE PEOPLE!!! let's go!!!
Abriendo los ojos se gana mas que abriendo la boca.
Talking to you again makes me feel better
Feeling patriotic? Awesome. Now's a great time to donate to and help deserving folks + their families who fought on our behalf.
Ugh u know when u see snaps of yourSelf and your like what???
I ask Abby for a good movie to watch and she suggests the goonies....
I wake up with a headache 6 out of 7 days a week and I really don't get it
.needs a shuffle option for sitcom episodes
You're fucking soft
I'm so glad got a Twitter you're too funny!
I haven't seen my mom and Opa since 4 and their phones are dead so that's good
I wish i could go to texas and play adult softball with j brown and coach reeves again .. Man those were the days
This rain needs to stop it's ruining my day
Cmon. This is ridiculous.
I've never had allergies this bad. It's so irritating!
Country version rap is actually bomb
Ain't going to practice Tmrrw ain't try a put up with half the girls only girls I can put up with is ,red,T,And Angie
I can never sleep in when I'm at my house but at katelyns I can sleep all day
On HD Slow mo replay, think about every blake griffin dunk in real time v. annoying slowed down faces.
And I don't wanna drive so. Mmmm.
Don't get jealous of the people at the festivals. Just know you'll do it better when it's your turn.
One does not simply walk into Mordor
I love New York Pizza. The best in San Jose.
Can it be Saturday yet?
Stereo soldiers Little Mix
Go to any Rasputin and get my new ep
\": A teenage Derek where do the writers come up with these cliff hangers\"at those shits
More than anything I hate hearing trains when I'm trying to sleep
Oh no labraya you don't have to ask before u invite people over to my house!!
I dont find Kevin that funny lol
Lyndy just told me to try hard core drugs
U not low shaun
How come phone battery takes all day to go from full to 20% and 10 min from that to dead?
People are so critical of other people. If it isn't hurting you or affecting your life then why give a fuck what someone else does?
Ever thought of calling when you've had a few, because I always do
I feel like his fat ass needs to go to krispy kreme and stay there.
MY MOM JUST WALKED IN MY ROOM AS THIS CONDOM COMMERCIAL CAME ON IM LAUGHING
live fast die young swagcord do it well
Sat in a classroom with a bunch of misfits for 7 hours straight
Easily one of the scariest moments ever
WHAT THE FUCK GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
I knew that stupid ass song was finna win
Watching this NBA final game. The way my loyalty is set up with my I cant wait to watch the Heat lose!
I love being an asshole to certain people, es funi
Don't fall in love with the most beautiful woman in the world, but with the one that makes your world more beautiful...
Teen wolf in less than 5 minutes omfg what
Toy Story 3 is soo cuute.
The only time I'll block a follower is if they are under the age of 16. I wont b held responsible 4 kids growing up under my influence...
Guys, Google Earth is pretty legitimate.
My cat always makes me feel better...
Honestly, I could never picture myself being anything other than an athlete
Hell no. Hell NO. \nI don't deserve this.
734- Do I know u ? I feel like I do
I'm extremely just happy rn for no reason.
\": rt if you wish you had pizza\" pizza is my only friend
Wow is Maria actually making me get my nipple pierced.....
The best part about a relationship is getting to know the person
Steve is going to come to my house one day and kill me.. I honestly see it happening...
pumped to leave smithtown for a couple of days
This chair massage is heaven
NOOOO WTF A CRAMP!??!??!
Ghana tryna kill USA ..damn
Just ate a huge sprinkle cookie from the bagel place and the regret is serious
Can't believe last night happened.
Can't wait to study with all day tomorrow
1-0 !!!!!! I called it that Clint Dempsey would score!!
Why do we not have peanut mnms is England?
Only reason I tweeted that is because i literally have nothing to do
LeBrons crying like a bitch hahaha
Ohhhh the thots are out in full force ...
Conflicted about this match!!
My Summer = Keystone, Work, &amp; Music
Great goal by the coolest player in the ugliest strip this world cup will see!
Crazy that Michael Jackson died 5 years ago I can remember the exact moment I found out about his death
can I quote lil wayne for my senior quote
Eating right before bedtime is my favorite pastime.
DOES GILINSKY UNDERSTAND IM TRYING TO SLEEP SHIT US GILINSKY GIRLS HAVE IT HARD
But yeah I bought light blue booty shorts &gt;.&gt;
Chin up little black. \nTomorrow is a new day. \nStart &amp; keep it beautiful
I don't like hanging out with anyone but my boys and my girl tbh
black people are so fucking funny
My aunt always accuses me of being extremely intoxicated. No. I'm just crazy
Bout to eat this food cold to lazy to reheat it and high
time to get some coffee ..good to be off tonight later fuckers
Yeeess yesss Yeeeaaaahhh
so is officially on ! she is the most beautiful, technical, and versatile dancer. AMERICA GET READY!
Watch the flying feet my bru!!!!!!!!!
Well... It happens. Teams lose games.
274for starters I said give me a number and you gave me your name. You are like my sister and I'm never going to prom with you again ilybb
1 dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts for my daddy cause he's a gordo.
Oh tinder, you always give me a good laugh
To do list while home :\nSee as many people as possible ?
It's only me and family .
\": qualities: leadership, strength and power.\"
My back is still hurting like a bitch though ):
Grumpy cat is doing honey nut cherrio commercials?\nMy next cat will have a mutation so it can make me millions
Yo do yall see this nigga The Game post on IG?
I'm so happy the heat are losing I can cry
They should make a chipotle Monday... Chipotle &gt; moes
are important because they teach children that race doesn't matter. Deep down, we are all turtles.
Pretty sure I love even more now
Just had a hard drive containing two months of hand curated data for an experiment at work die on me... Can't even get it to power on. :(
I need a blue hurricane four loko for my 4th to be complete
Joseline still making songs for the bodegas? Ayeeee Mami WERK!
Hahah ok make yourself feel betta
When me and Stens ball together it's a dunk fest
John Legend out sang Jhene Aiko on her own song.
Love is lovely, and love is in the air. Got that love fever nomsayin
I miss watchin Jersey shore :\/
MUST. HAVE. SHOES.
Oh no not Jozy. We needed him this match.
Names and faces are slowly starting to fade ...
I guess it's time to go get swole by myself
Real discipline.. Sitting in IHop with my family as they eat pancakes and French toast and I have egg whites and oatmeal
She's the type of person who you don't want around because she's just going to ruin everyone else's mood
I feel so bad when I notice I'm being dry in a conversation and the other person is trying hard to keep it going
Won't see a text from me again
Lmaoooooo \": IF YA GIRLFRIEND TEXT YOU ' HAVE FUN' SHE ABOUT TO CHEAT ON YOU\"
Swimming pool full of liquor then you dive in.
Who tf this style expert bald ass talking bout turnt up his steve harvey lookin ass
Liam con una fan niall con una fan zayn con una fan louis con una fan harry con una fan y nada de una foto de One Direction conmigo :c
Jason Kidd becomes HC for the Bucks why?
I keep wanting to snap and text kris.\nAnd it's really bugging me that I can't, and it's only been three days.
Where the fuck is bae!?
Brooklyn makes FL guys look like a joke period lolol.
I don't understand how some people could be BOTH ugly and not funny.
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE IN CARDS AGAINST HUMANITY
I don't love em, I don't chase em, I duck em
It's like the closer we get the more space I need...
1st time for everything. Including staying in a house with 11 bedrooms, a sauna, and an indoor pool..Oh yeah and it's my first time in Tahoe
lmao summer school is gonna b wack
\": I do this cute thing where I only like people who I never have a chance with\" wow we really are twins
Why do people bitch at ME for how Dylan drives
Finally Leaving Sanger Ughh I Wanna Go Home Ahaha I Have A lot Of Shit To Take Care Of
This has been the longest day of my life
Giybeti cok seviom cehennemde yanicak miyim
Old english 800 capsules of molly
I need to buy a fucking massage table ASAP!!! Ugh I could of got 200 fucking fuckin this Friday! :(
That counter attack was yours
anyone else endanger themselves with the way they sit when they drive?? or is that just me
The nighttime is my worst enemy
and Costa Rica made it!!!
Holy fuck fat ass cannot run down a fly ball like she used to.
JUST WATCHED THE HONDURAS GAME REPLAY.\nBENGSTON WHYYYYY. WHYYYYY\nYOU COULD OF HAD A HAT TRICK OR SOME SORT. WHHHHHYYY
Smoking on the gas so stanky like waddam
Normal Boys: \"Want to fuck?\"\nMe: \"Um, come cuddle and watch Bravo with me?\"
\": enjoy the win laker fans\"
OH \"nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded.\" \n\nParadox
And another good episode is suits, I don't wanna wait another week!!
childish gambino while driving into the city makes me feel like a pimp.
I'm just gonna clear my guilt and tell all of Twitter that I wore my gym clothes to the gym two days in a row w\/o showering in between
Was pretty f'n awesome to hear Eddie Guerrero's music again!!
I keep tweeting just to see my avi.
Pks. Gotta give it up to Costa Rica for hangin on.
I will never understand why people want someone's face on their cake? Hey let me eat your face
Watching 'The Making of Diagon Alley' on .
My mom and dad don't let me do anything. Ever.
Who can hook it up? Asap please
Alright Johansson has big shoes to fill but I believe
4 we should talk more you seem like an awesome person
I dislike when my mind wanders
I seriously can't wait to move out next year. Literally counting the days.
dnt make me sad dnt make me crei
I'm way too nice to people it's ridiculous.
Can there be a TGM(onday's)O(ver)?
Just when I thought we weren't gonna see gimmick Sandow tonight
I hate when bitches come out of nowhere to do nothing but well... Bitch.
Yooo.. Actually getting some sleep? Word. Let's get poppin.
Lo dejo en tus manos..
I thought that everything in San Francisco was retrofitted... Because something in that city is definitely crumbling
It's inly been 5 minutes and it's already amazing and has me going crazy!!!!
For not studying at all I didn't do too bad on that stupid SAT
\": Let a person know exactly what u want from the beginning! If all that ur looking for is sex, say it. Dont lead on a person.\"
First rule in this world baby, don't pay attention to anything you see in the news...
I have a feeling shes gonna forget about tomorrow :\/
Totally blown away by performance this week. Congratulations, a well deserved win
The mix in our drinks a little stronger than you think
Andi cannot, CANNOT let Josh off the show
my stay here in Albany, NY was great!
Okie everyone DM me Or text me and keep me company ok cool ily
Come on - let's make a statement and give the co-Finals MVP award to 5 guys this year. is a beautiful thing.
Prasad shaved his head. I saw on fazeboog
I got a 19 on my math final
Can I just stop having random dreams.
Watching end of watch for the first time, heard it's good
I feel like there is no wrong relationship, maybe just wrong timing.
Over 24 hours worked in 2 days time. Show me the money!
If you had a dick you'd be knocked out already
Whoa! Holy shit!
The freshmen in my section \"omg I want a first part blah blah blah am I marking time right omg help me\" like nah stfu
Well seeing someone walk their cat on a leash is something I never thought I would see
Wow I feel like I'm a stunt woman with the shit I just pulled
Just gave a goddess at Pac Sun my number I pray to god she shoots me a text
I'm already so burnt &amp; today was only day three of being a camp counselor.. I'm gonna look like a freaking tomato by the end of the summer.
paypal\/eBay, \"I think you need to hire a PowerPoint team, that's the only way we'll be able to communicate with them...\"
If I'm not the best then I'm headed for it
When drake says \"this is a song for the goood girls\" I start thinking he's singing for me.
I'm sprung cause he got me got me doing things i never do LMAO
My grandma means more to me than anyone will ever understand. My sister only knows.
People gonna see anything red white and blue today and take a picture with the us emojis smfh
Leaving for camp in 11 hours and after prom just started
If i don't sleep well tonight... Ill be sad .
That vid of the little black kid dancing to la chona lmfao
\"I haven't been arrested since like February so that's kinda good.\" Wise words of amy ginge.
Lookin out for ya just like daddy
Do models eat mushrooms to become supermodels?
if she likes johnny manziel I'm johnny manziel
I hope i bring happiness to those people that bring happiness to me
She a setup bitch
Why should i be nice when thats clearly what women dont like??
damn something isn't right about cristiano at all
Maybe today would be exciting if it hadn't already felt like we were out of school for the past week and a half
\" damn ! I cant see fucking shit out of this thing !\"\n\" we ready if what ?\"\n\"Ohhh hold on. I'm fucking with my eye holes.\"
Still gunna do this fuck the rain
Lololol we just tried to find Pompeii on the radio and we did within 10 seconds
Dennis is Jerry, Mac is George, Charlie and Frank are Kramer, and Dee is Elaine. But they're all crazy so they're all Kramer too.
I wanna be mean to people when they deserve it but my heart comes through and tells me don't stoop to their level.
Jealousy is a hideous feeling. Don't mistake jealousy for feeling territorial.
Turn down for Ray Charles' \"America the Beautiful\"
I don't know if I can live through seeing the word\/ hearing the word \"bae\" again..
well i said bye to aimee and i was about to bearhug her but her parents were there and i was like this is awkward!!!
Just found a great account for some good articles and info - check it out -&gt;
Big e plus rusev equals ....well a horrible match smh neither one speaks English lol and the should release them both
Fourth of July cops are instructed to give tickets out to \"tired drivers\"
You know you're ugly when I'm checking out the girl next to you because you're too ugly .
Yeeeesssss!!!! What a strike!!
The only reason I'm watching sytycd is to see
Fuck I need a pool full of Aloe Vera right now
Xbox box and music the only thing I need to hold a nigga down this summer
Who trying to hoop tomorrow hit me lline
What if I just don't go home...
When you're in the public spotlight:\n1.) u can't please everyone \n2.) u must be strong &amp; diplomatic \n3.) be yourself \n4.) lead by example
How many players are they going to take out !!!
This show got me fucked up
Softball over basketball anyday . .
I know what you're thinkin when the bass starts ringin
fuck you too
But in college no one gives a fuck about your issues. You either suck your shit up &amp; run or fail!
Smh thought you guys were better than that
Alright now she finna piss me off
Au revoir, until next time New York State
When does Naked and Dating premiere? That is a MUST WATCH
Just isn't the same anymore
Getting high at the pier. Call it 'fly fishing'.
Can someone plan something fun I'm actually feeling like going out for once!
i dont wanna fuck dogs so i dont have one
.I know. I hate that. They should just give google glass to the referee so that he could better assess with video replay.
Things I cant wait to do again: camp, swim, yolo with Pita, eat real meals, smell good, sleep in a real bed, drive Samantha, to name a few.
Cody switched to day shift and just now told me. I got huffy this morning at him over work and he could have shut me down :\/
Be more heart and less attack.
it's weekend! will be out about all weekend in ! Happy Pride Bay Area!
It's either he's made up. Or u gonna try and push that lie \"I don't like my business out there\" bitch u just a hoe
Lol I remember babe used to say she'd get more tweets than me
Yo where can i download buy the world
Today's break room convo: do you pee before you shower or after?
DO NOT FLATTER YOURSELF SWEET ASS
OMG A DOG WAS JUST CHASING ME!!!!!!
My parents leaving for a trip\/both being in the house in the morning is equivalent to a bull in a china shop.
Holy cow. Another goal!
Seeing that it hurts to put my arm over my head and is popping, I should ice my throwing arm.
ewh that looks so painful
K soooo this is totally not getting done. Tonight. Great.
Well, that was just the most delightful hour of television I've ever seen.
showed up 39min late , shoes wet, nice combed hair fucked , and to top that of, dropped my money on the road which got drained down.
I had hoped you'd see my face
What a hit!!!
Drove thru main street ..quarter of the car in water and sideways flooded
Ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
This life begins, and then it ends And I do the best that I can, but I don't know how long I'll last
Unaccompanied kids are coming because:\n1. said they could come and stay.\n2. The border leaks like a sieve.
I hate that I don't want anyone else but you.
Forgot to wear my monogram today &amp; everyone noticed.
I wonder how many (Canadian Brand) shots have been bought in the since scored
i left the house and idk whos headphones I took sorrryy
I wish all parties could start at 9am, cause that's when I look my ...
Happy Father's Day though.
If I could live in New York forever I would!
Dodger fans shouldn't be too excited. The Giants gifted the team 1st place lol.
Wonder how many people are actually going to try to use Klinsmanns note tomorrow
Why nick cannon look tf like that
I tried so hard to be the best that I could be but still it seems I always end up alone
I'm that pissed have terrible grammar and can't spell
YOU DOUCHE WHY DIDN'T YOU KISS HER GOD DAMMIT
Some lady started talking to me and said I look great for having my tonsils out only a week ago awe how sweet
Homemade potato salad is one of my favorite foods. Store bought potato salad one of my least favorite foods.
Messi is dope
Also realize that it's 3 am so just tweeting into the nothingness.
Lol don't call people weird... It's pointless &amp; completely ridiculous.
Rly in the mood to play American idol rn
Greatest thing I have heard all day
I'm giving y'all culture in my snap story. All I get is selfies in return.
Not wearing a bra in public is not fucking ok it isnt fashion its gross and your tits are going to be dumb saggy
Someone needs to tell JCPenney their slogan is inappropriate. What else could \"When it fits, you feel it\" mean?!?!
no hair on my tongue. I call it how I see it.
i just wanna take away all your problems..
JONES IS A SNIPER OH MY LAWD
Debe ser lindoo importarle a alguien.
No vale la pena llorarle a la que no se queda
39 days left , I can't believe it
FUCK YEAHHHH GOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL!!!!!!!
Well deserved championship for the spurs
I just wanna cuddle with you rn
push notifications brought to you by: mosh
Lil freak lick around my dick with a tongue ring
Spending my Fourth of July at dunkin.... what a life
Today was such a good day. Cus mass.
Way to kick off the summer!!!!
Gonna eat like six cheeseburgers today even though I only need like one..or two
someone who I can just watch movies, cuddle, make food &amp; do dumb shit with &amp; blah blah yeah no strings, you'd be perf WHERE ARE YOU.
You don't owe anyone an apology if you're not sorry.
Ohh no my ear hurts :( :(
Accept bums for being dirty, gay people for being \"homos\", Amish for being well Amish, and frank ocean for being a god
there goes my dad screaming at the TV lmfao !!
I wish you guys understood why I am the way I am
Status of creek fishing buzzed: threw my line out, caught a pine cone, and snagged my lure on a tree branch. BRILLIANT
\"Oh, I almost forgot to check us in on Facebook.\" (for the purpose of this exercise I'm naming him Hans.)
Watching a 3 hour review video on US history
I had to pull so many strings to get today off
Getting a ps4 this summer.
And so the season of the ugly foot tan has commenced
I wanna go riding , but all of a sudden no one rides no moree .
I changed my number on alotta yall
Lol is everyone dressing nice... Im wearing yogS and a tshirt
No es que no me acuerde de vos, es que me caes mal.
I called and just to tell him that I love him
Never depend on anyone, unless you want to get disappointed
Am I the only girl who likes to drink juice straight from the carton...?
Muppet Movie, Great Muppet Caper, Muppets Take Manhattan &amp; Muppet Treasure Island are on . We'll see you all tomorrow- maybe Friday.
Pussy stay wet like she was mixed wit messican
Nobody likes you... Stfu
Guy code is beyond stupid lol
40 Minutes to go! \nDoes that mean I can start drinking ?! \n:D (who doesn't buy a 30 pack for the trunk) \n
USA MAKE ME PROUD !!!
Knicks trying to make moves I respect it
I kid I kid, I love Malik. even though he's a fuck boy
I wish i grew up in the late 60's early 70's such a sick era
I know I keep tweeting it but I really need to see Think Like A Man Two. It looks too good
The things we do just to stay alive
For an institution as prestigious as Columbia University Medical Center, you'd think the buildings would be less... antiquated.
The sox are blowing this how are they going from last to first back to last in a 3 year span
you were a truck and I was a bike
You think I give a fuck, that's a misconception
Why the sport gods have to treat me like this
Fuck putting in so much effort for people who don't give a fuck
\": The moment when your laying in bed wondering if it's worth it to get up and pee\" Bruh, I'm struggling right now...
That made me feel some type of way
Shoutout to the person who didn't show up for their closing shift and is now making me close. Fuck you.
I swear if the NBA lets Lebron join the clips or warriors id be so damn angry
We on top of the game
SETLIST PPL I NEED A SETLIST ASAP
i cannot stand extremely selfish people. like grow up
Hit up and I and we'll fade your parents. We understand times get difficult but leave that to us! Affordable costs too!
I wish I could wake up from this bad dream
ANC bigwigs who now spout Xenophobic garbage grew up alongside us in Trelawney Park &amp; elsewhere in SD. Now seniyaziqenya.
This mosquito got me full of bites man. I'm SO upset.
3 separate alerts in a row means today is a \"take the ferry home\" kinda day.
Hell: a place where your Netflix video is constantly rebuffering
I understand if you don't want to be my friend anymore but can at least know the reason why? What happened to us? You owe me that much.
I just wish it was time to leave already... I just want to be on the road and on our way to Missouri
So tonight, I'm giving it a facelift, rebranding it as a rant\/review blog, taking pressure off for the content to be anything more profound
. is a seriously, terrifyingly demonic creeper in . I'm not going to sleep for weeks. Thanks
Deliver Us From Evil is probably gonna make me shit my pants and\/or throw up
She loves u wen yall done fuckin &amp; she wipes ya dick off
Like mama always says \"don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened\"
So why symone have two twitters
I have a feeling I'm not going to sleep
Can someone pick me up please
The only thing that would make me happy right now is if someone told me they booked a flight back to Dublin with my best friends
\"None of us find as much kindness in this life as we should.\"
thank you - great to hear you're loving it - thank you for the feedback! cc
Fathers Day math: Jeep - top + my girlz + Rita's = perfect ending to a wonderful day
When life gets rough make yourself a nice bowllllllllll... Of oatmeal
U like smoking weed YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH u know where we can get some YAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
You're not allowed to vape in my face unless you're Matt plz go away
Mimi refuses to accept the fact that Nikko released the tape!! Lmfaoo
I never used to care but now I'm uncomfortable when people watch me eat
IF U THE TYPE OF NIGGA TO SCREAM AT BITCHES FROM THE CAR WINDOW DONT ASK FOR ME FOR A RIDE
Watching that slow mo of with the ball going down on goal is pure poetry in motion.
Chabon hoy me cague mojando,por tu culpa Lamboley
hope I get love when I get back:(
I just wanna sleep till I wake up in a better mood
I don't understand guys being ashamed of being gay. I get more lovin as who I am then who I wasn't.
How is Kevin Prince-Boateng not starting for Ghana.
San Antonio thoroughly showed us why team basketball is so beautiful and dominant
Double double for Kawhi
that was 6:30 this morning lol
Cowboy ninja is my new favorite thing.
NO PRINCESS I WILL NOT SHARE MY CHICKEN AND BROCCOLI WITH YOU.
Now am I wrong for think that we could being something for real
Bruh why did the Netherlands take out RVP for huntellar
That goal was gorgeous. Mainly because the goalie assumed it was gonna be a miss.
The American people need to sue John Boehner for malpractice. He is the worst house leader in history. Obstruction should be illegal.
Watchin the wheel of fortune wit my granny... Reminds me of when I was young.
You think you can handle pain until one day you cant. When that happens you either find reasons to go on, or you dont.
I finally get to sleep in tomorrow!
I'm missing both my best guy friends so much I can cry.
What a day for it could have been.
Too many classic rock songs contain mindless lyrics
Def jinxed myself saying I was done interviews because I IMMEDIATELY got an email from a job asking for a second interview.
Porra esse jogo esta me dando uns nervos.
I guess it's new that Obama had chipotle today.
Summer 2002 went stupid hard OMM!!!!
are on earth for one purpose. To make the wealthy more wealthy. Not one idea have they had to hp the Middle Class EVER in history!
Put these bitches on and all they do is turn they back
Being fat is not a handicap. Find your ass a proper spot
T.I MUSSO KAILE I KO GON
Good luck in nationals boys
Estar asi me hace estar sin animo me siento re debil
I want that first ever curved tv
Let me know when everyone starts getting a divorce so I can get back on Facebook
I think sometimes girls forget that eyebrows are supposed to look natural not like sharpie
Be comfortable in your own skin
RIP Foursquare. It's been fun while it lasted. No, I'm not moving to Swarm.
Ain't this what you came for?
GOAL! Great shot by Jermaine Jones
Damn.. might need tix then. RT Jay Z on the other hand did basically every song he ever made in life. This was a JAY Z concert
\": Bored.\"jump off of a bridge because yolo
Essien and boateng left out!!!! Dafuq is this shit. Anyways I got $50 on Ghana for the win.
I think i just saw a real live thot
I haven't gone out the house all day today.
Girls. If you tease your hair cover up the rats nest.
Kawhi is MVP no matter what, I will be disgusted if it wasn't
It's like I don't wanna work but then the money comes and I just want more
Selena has the cutest sad face awwww
Kids who only post about how they can't get a girlfriend on Facebook are what's wrong with this world.
I haven't studied this long in haha ever so if I don't pass haha I'll cry haha a lot
What im doing with you is wrong but feels so right....
30secs in and we score.
Harassing griffin at work is becoming a daily thing
lol idk why my dad insists on trying to talk to me lol i don't like that nigga.
On a bad OkCupid date and all I can think about is how Mamoun's is right by this bar I'm at............
damn messi that was niiiiiiice
if you walk the footsteps of a stranger, you'll learn things you never knew you never knew.
OMFG YES DEMPSKKYYYYYYYY
I threw out my ticket instead of the recent and had to buy a new one
I told you I wouldnt give up i love you guys
And then they get mad I didn't do the thing
Lol I'm glad that the people that are still in my life are in the there and rest is dead
College is just around the corner
man oh man what am I gonna do
YAAAAAA WE OUT!
I promise everyone we're gonna put on a show this season
I was not the only one to you
My brotha fr fr next weekend looking like a go
anyways, not really feeling anyone right now. off to sleep.
Williams failed me because I never said hi to her in the hallways....
\": The sexual tension when someone says \"make me\"\" just saying hahahaha
I'm so glad this is the last speech I have to write for this class
I've never seen so much pride than I have today
my tweets are not even in the K's yet. I really must not be doing as much tweeting as I thought I was .
Lebron is leaving!
Son said ALL the Kill Bill's.
Tomorrow I will swim I'm my parents pool.
Today is the big day!!! vs &amp; vs what a great day for it
And the award for most pictures w\/o any of em being ugly goes toooooooo lmao!
A Dempsey hat trick is now inevitable.
Every day that I pet a puppy is a great day
At some point it's all false hope
Honestly I just need some advice if
At a certain age your \"best friend\" ceases being an individual person and becomes a tier of friendship instead.
I didn't know tape was considered an article of clothing
Wanna grab my dick too lazy hold it for me
About to make my Setlist game picks, decisions decisions
Wish my birthday was on a holiday
Idk why I pick Mondays to do laundry and grocery shop.. They already suck as is
I can't say anything about today..it was too amazing for words
WALTER FOR CHRIST'S SAKE HE'S A CRIPPLE
I can believe that Jesus doesn't read, but really, didn't he wanna see a movie with Jeniffer Lawrence in it?!
I would have been at the game right now ='( I hate everyone
I look so orange in my avi
Draza su mi od dukata tvoja crna oka dvaaa
the only good part abt havin a job is getting to buy mad weed
Let's hope she stays the fuck out
I've never been to a Giants game besides the ones in SJ lol
Woke up to my dog cuddling me, licking Mt nose and giving me paw :3
Calling someone ugly is really arrogant. It really doesn't matter whether that person is attractive to you or not...
Tonight was 's first time hearing Ignition (remix) by R. Kelly
killing me softly
Back in BK
Fake Michael Wilson on Jason Kidd: I believe I had that and I'm not surprised. .
staying up bc Cory in the house is on at midnight
I don't think I could be more excited for the 4th. I think I'm more excited for this than my birthday.
teen wolf is so good im crying rn
I know they'd pick that girl.. Only bc she's cute smh she's so average. What's her name? Olivia? Who knows, who caress
My whole entire twitter is \"YAAASSS\"
*to do list*\n\n1. Look into Eva Marcille's illuminator. MY GAWD that skin.
I'm more weirded out that it's Tuesday, not that were graduating
iknow it's 4 am but damn is anyone up...
Y'all, that's not thunder. That's just me ass clapping.
Roll Up Time
There will be ups and downs obvi
Is you wit my shit or nah
at dinner, my dad and brother just jumped up after that goal and knocked over about 4 glasses of water. can dress em up, can't take em out
\": hahaha wow. All of my contacts are boring yours is just \"Jason.\" Lmao\" cause your phone is lame and mature. Lol
Only thing holding me together right now is anticipating reading opinion.
\"Too weird\" is the story of life. You can do it
I mean at least people don't call him Lil Bow Wow anymore
I need my eyebrows done !
I'm gunna make it a point to shoot myself with an arrow tomorrow.
Someone just called for me on the phone my brother picked up and impersonated me and they actually thought it was me
Me n my dad always illegally park at church bc it's church u can't give me a ticket cop
been sitting in the sun for maybe two minutes and I am already sunburned
It hit me that I have to go get surgery the day before my birthday.
I'm not turning up today prolly not doing anything fun prolly not watching fireworks but good looks Thomas Jefferson
All I want for Father's Day is a box of frozen blueberry waffles
look i thought it was a spanish thing alright
I wanna hangout and she won't text me back
how and when can we find out our test grades
someone entertain me i'm bored...like usual
Some guy is watching this being like, \"DAMN IT, Cody answered that?!? I listened to that shit advice\"
Looking for a lost blunt in your father's car while trying to sober up from acid &lt;
Overly Hype ! But Somethings You Just Gotta Keep On The Low. Everyone Don't Have To Know Everything. \"My Name Is My Name\"
my moms real life irking my soul
All I can listen to lately is fuckin perfect tunes
Had the best dinner w\/ the family, now to dye my hair and then to work on HW I have my midterm presentation on Tuesday!
Awwwww NOOOOOO THEY DIDNT TAKE JAJA????? NOOOOOOOOOOO OMG STOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
I miss my babies at Loretta's. why can't I just be a Cna haha
I'm so annoyed right now.. Are you serious.
lol at my mom tryna learn Spanish
cant wait till wayne drop his album so he can shut yall up
Me and just went crazy watching that USA goal.
how do people even get a nash tweet?
I feel like forest gump with this friggin brace ...
I can see ballet forever. I don't care what people say. They just keep embarrassing themselves talking non-sense
You're social media pictures are the reason I have trust issues.
I just want to be in bed already.
The AT&amp;T user you a trying to reach is currently 21 and intoxicated ciao
I've seriously peed like 7 times in the past 4 hours.
Gregg Popovich &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
So down to fall in love but fuck a commitment 4 real
USA gotta step up this defense tho
I have to get up at 5:30 tommorow morning why
...Possible the distinction doesn't matter in 2014 (cc ). Now thats a good question I'd love to see young scholars tackle 2\/2
MANU WITH THE DUNK!!!
Im bouta eat dinner before this shit start
Dig a little deeper when ya think ya can't dig no more!!!
You reject those niggas that neglect your respect.
Love reading comics and watching scary movies. Proud of it!
Smoking at night on my roof is amazing
Question: at what point in time would it be appropriate to start packing for school (aka can I go back now)
I'm coming back and fucking your trampoline up he won the battle but didnt win the war
Si sabe cocinar, me lo pidoo.
I can relate to that. Something to think about.
Purple on a mood ring is passion
I used to hate bitches coming to school in their Rainbow or Dots tights.
Shanita why are you listening to bad music in my grandmas Christian house
Thank you Lord for being in my life everyday
\": Guacamole costs extra at Chipotle. THANKS OBAMA.\"
Who got tree for sale hit me
GOAL HOLY FUCK GOAL!!!!!!!!!
My friends get gifts because my friends are cooler than you
This work week is gunna be a worse grind then finals week
JERMAINE JONES YOU BEAST!!!
Can Chase Whitley not be in the rotation anymore
Everything u say is on point
WAS AMAZING OH MY SWEET BABY JESUS
Y'all ignore my tweets. Need to write some shit bout the bae cuz all my people besides dgaf. At least I have you to keep me str8
got on the downtown train by accident FUCK fuck FUCK
But he planted seeds of magic in me and I am grateful
That kind of night that i dont want to sleep
Moto G can't see a hotspot sitting right next to it. \"Not in range\"
This kind of love don't come easy.... But go ahead do ya thang.
Yippee! Flights booked and visa appointment tomorrow!
America, the only place that celebrates getting drunk and eating by getting drunk and eating...
Going to see tonight!! Hype to hear Mandela live
I have the confidence of a Queen .
Looking forward to Saratoga jazz festival tomorrow! Let's get cool.
Como argentina se deje ganar vamos a tener un serio problema .
I'm fckn tired as fck, why can't I just fall asleep!
so mad at the fact that you blocked me
Everyone in Iran was born inside their house until 35 years ago. There was no hospital in Iran.
Walk it off alti
kinda mad I wasn't invited today but ik how were not close anymore so I can't be mad
THAT WAS ART
People put paragraphs under their pictures in hashtags ... Stfu
My baby godson is happily napping with me. I love these moments :)
Is there a Homejoy for hairdressers? I'm lazy.
We buy our way out of jail, but can't buy freedom
My mom is such a pain in the ass
I MISS MY DOGS. I MISS THEM AND IT HURTS. IT HURTS SO FUCKING BAD. EVERY FUCKING DAY. ONE YEAR AND A HALF LATER. FUCK.
If only my games would download at lightning speed.
I had several strangers make random comments to me today. Please leave your freckle comments to yourself.
\"If he isn't going hard for you, you are not what he wants.\"
name ya favorite lil Wayne song
But if iris were to be here she wouldve been all in love with the truck.
I just had the best nap EVER
Fastest world cup goal
Bah nao sou costa riquenho mas to 100 x mais nervoso do q os penais do brasil. Vamos ticos!!!
Imma be mad if the lakers get melo tbh he's not worth it
Green gun and orange bean\/fire hydrant is one of the boys ok
Can't even see my grandma this summer bc she's going to Egypt
My dad called me on the phone to watch the penalty kick w him and I said no and then he started yelling at me... Wtf ok dad ook ya crazy man
