I wish I had no pimples.
Looking at the clock melt in front of my eyes
Feel like unfollowing oomf from everywhere &amp; deleting his number lmao
Im talking to my grandma and shes telling me how she just recently realized that a plane is a machine lol
Derek laid down the TRUTH. That's what you have to do in love, no matter how hard.
Phahahahha Chris Rock is a fool for this one
LEBRONS CRYING HAHAHAHAHA
Wow there are 6 ballroom dancers in the this yr. represent! Ballroom was strong at auditions this yr.
Hahah oh my gosh you're fucking pyscho ! Happy I am out of that situation
He was off by inches
Wow I really need to take a break
I CAMT BREATHE WHAT IS THIS OOVOO CALL
Being able to drink at a comedy club and then come home to my nice warm bed is the best thing on earth
How did the spurs ever lose to the heat last year
It's Beach weather over hear nigaa
today I saw the most attractive person to grave this earth with his presence and I am so happy thanks Jesus
Cant wait to buy a car.
Eating a bagel at 3 in the morning.. Yolo
My baby birthday coming up . Imma get him something real nice .
Soggy day in the Pines. Well the recovery time is welcome, I will concede that.
I had Cantaloupe ice cream from Mitchell's. Divine!!
What's a good movie on Netflix?
Every dude you've been with has loved before. Accept that. If he's with you now, the past is irrelevant.
It's crazy how drum corps closes you off from the world. I don't know any new music, movies, or what's going on with the news.
Kawhi is matching LeBron play for play, shot for shot, and that's scary.
Tequila shot this early can only mean I'm at a wedding
in so much pain I feel like I'm going to throw up. The last thing I need is another trip to the ER
What was England's greatest gift to the world? America.
King of Bachata Welcomes John Jay !!
I refuse to deal with my issues...
Happy 4th! Off to the lake with the family!
JAJAJAJAJJAJAJJAJJA Como el va hacer eso
can I get a fucking pedicure in peace
If your not watching USA vs Portugal tonight then you're not an American! Go go USA! I believe that we will win!
dang when was the last time it rained like this
Too early to learn about vaginas &amp; g spots &amp; sex
I just needa find a dope chick who looks like Kelly Kapowski and doesn't use social media.
I want food but I don't want to make food.
Shame for italian racists. I'm proud to be italian like you. There is only one race: The human race.
Amanda has a trainer named melissa from YouTube to tone her ass
Who can I ask?\nHookahn i ask?
It was fucking hilarious shut up \": Lena finds the stupidest stuff funny\"
THE gave me a ! Thanks buddy!! Reporting from the 280 closure..no traffic
USA!!!!! Drunk off one Miller High Life. .
now my phone has bite marks on it
I think I'm the only one not at ZBB
HEATHER GIFTED ME LIFE OF THE PARTY GOD BLESS
A la larga te vas a quedar sola, te lo aseguro.
srsly singing sc stories make me happy lol :')
Remember this name for me.\n\nSasha Loren.
Jack Schroder on HIPAA: victims of medical identity theft up 20%. If breach publicized, 57% of patients want to switch. Scary.
Niggas eyebrows be better than mine. Tf?
So wait, like, did The Spurs win? \n\nSorry, I was too busy with Game of Thrones. \n\n\n
I CAN BARELY SEE, MY EYES ARE SO WATERY.
Messi with a classic goal!!! 2-0
17, 18, 19 routine and here at 23 it's the same old me and- wait. I'm 24. Oh life.
What to do what to do...
Que ustedes me dicen que PERDI EL CABRON VUELO pq estoy casi borrachita y no me di cuenta JAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJ
As much as I bump head w my she's probably one of the loyalist person I know
That foo got bitched !!
Boredest kid alive just need to go back to cortland already
give head and doze off, this bed is so soft, this dick is so hard
Suga Suga how you get so fly
Ring ring ring hi babe I miss you... Nigga your interrupting me I'm in the middle of writing a post BYE.... Oh okay miss you too
Wish my phone could get group messages so I can talk to my boys from Cabrini
Woohoo! Also FREE PBR in this bar!\nSCORE AGAIN FOR MORE FREEDOM BEER!
If your a rangers fan, it automatically makes you 1000 times hotter
I can tell imma be singing this song randomly tomorrow
I wannnnnnnaaaaa hear that bass drop wub wub wub wub wub wub
*to text boy from last night or nah*
I'm going to pretend that the reason the Devils have the 30th pick tonight is because they won the cup
love spending my Friday nights driving my hammered parents home from the yacht club :-)
The ones that try &amp; be funny on vine usually fail
I need a cuddle buddy on this lonely night.
Lost a part of my tooth to the streets of San Francisco today. Sober.
Now its taking me forever to draw one thing. Only cause I want it perfect.
I thank Jesus that most guys like ass\/boobs
i have no time to stress, i just need to worry about being happy..
Said you'd come right back, now you're gone like that
I didn't know he sang that song
My mom need to come on so I can eat
See ya NYC. Washington D.C. Next
I didn't want it. But I needed it.
Nunca es tarde para volver a comenzar.
My would be an engineer for a vehicle\/motorcycle company. Designing &amp; getting my hands is my absolute favorite thing to do.
So glad I got the invite
I hope and pray that one day I make it big and live in the city....that's all I can ever ask for
Weekends next month will consist of making my rounds to a variety of towns in WNY attending Grad Parties
I just zoned and missed a whole conversation
Cause you ain't gon tie me down
Watching The Starving Games bc I can relate
The forecast for the Hamden fireworks tonight looks perfect. Cooling off slowly,in the 70s with a light northerly breeze!
If you ever want to meet me, Go to a concert in NYC or Long Island. I'll be in the crowd singing and moshing.
Tomorrow shooting with the one and only BetaBrand let's goo
Meanwhile, at Michael's, with 6 wicker basket kits there's a free abortion!
Zendaya look like she could dunk on me
I wish we could take off and go anywhere but here baby you know the deal
No point in hating someone to begin with, let alone someone who has done absolutely nothing to you
The Gone Home boxed special edition is the thing i need to be happy in life.
It's bitchy but whateva, favorite friend motto ?
Niggas talk more then bitches these days
Mmm that is gonna suck
I have 4 party hats at my house, &amp; they're all the coolest hats ever
Being woken up by stomach pains &lt;&lt;&lt;
Ew 15 year old me. Always getting butthurt about everything.
Follow me on IG : bgforpresident
Wasn't that an offsite??
Lately whenever I go to say \"piece of pizza\" it just comes out as \"pizza pizza\"
Wierd how the beach sky has no stars -_-
annas staring at him and he looked at her oh my god
Working out to those ratchet twerk songs are the best
\": I've had it for a couple of weeks now.\" Yuck. Did u go to the casting saturday??
Why isn't there an Indian restaurant near by..?
Oh my god she flew right over me
What to eat, what to eat?
I lose so much phone battery strictly from the continuous checking of weather changes
Shopping at a Sex-O-Rama near 18th &amp; Castro. It was like Good Clerk\/Bad Clerk. Bad Old Snob needs 2 get fucked, or hates Fat fags.
Wow this episode is about someone pretending to be the IRS and scamming people out of their money
I don't know if I want to watch the last two episodes of oitnb or to save it for tomorrow
Estar a tu lado y siempre amarte.
I'm actually kinda glad I don't have friends to hang out with cuz that would require me doing my hair
Anyone who thought the Heat could run with Jordan's Bulls, go sit quietly in a corner somewhere.
..Some weird shit is going on in panera rn..
Why is it so hard for you to notice me!
Don't have a Yale sticker on your car if you're gonna drive like a fucking idiot
Headed home on this Sunday night
Dimitrov is going down...idemooooo Nole!!!!
Almost got in a crash cause carol was licking chocolate off her fingers
Sometimes you gotta block that number to get you mind right
It's sunny with a slight breeze in Colma. Wow
Guys seriously there is irish step dancing in wrestling now why aren't you watching it
Busta rhymes look like the clown form Twitted Metal
Chris Brown reminds me of last yearrrrr
A house without Internet is not a home.
Not a public cryer, I try so hard to remain my cool
I love it when people are so passionate about something
Side boob is sooooo attractive like wutttt
bae just needed to see me before the game that's why his shots aren't on point rn...
Some of those pick up lines were pretty good Kayla
Great Gatsby was great. A female can make you strive for excellence but be your ultimate downfall at the same time. Crazy
The fact that I always confuse Boho Chic and Hobo Chic
I accidentally soccer mommed my friend.
I ask my friends if they wanna go to a concert &amp; the conversation turns into males giving birth
Does anyone want a scream jam ticket for 20$?
Excuse me while I lose my wits.
Someone talk to me,going to be up for a while
Let me call my main chick
Asik and Davis will be a tough front court come next season
How fast can I get drunk
Lebron's off the court issues is nonexistent but he's still hated on. Society is been fucked up.
Wayne got like 1000 kids and only said he loves his one daughter Reginae? That's messed up
There it is
My last 4 meals have been: Thai, speciality donuts, Chinese and Sushi.
I'm like drunk, but the only difference is I'm gonna remember all of the shit I do in the morning.
\": I would love to get to know you better\"
Now all I need is a 65 tomorrow
\": Cuando un suspiro te abandona es porque el amor lo ha llamado.\"
why does my family feel the need to come in to my room and have like a family meeting this early like im just wakin up
fell into an etsy blackhole
Kinda crazy how where you live the next ten years will basically determine the rest of your life.
The day i can call you only mine will be the best day of my life
It only took 3.5 hours to get home from the airport
Woke up with the feeling there was a in the house. author John Green was on last night.
Nothing worse than group texts that arent supposed stay active and people just keep writing in them
I hate when my phone dies when I'm without a charger
Best nap ever. Fuck I'm old. Lol
Can this lab report write itself please tysm
you actually waited exactly 10 minutes aw
Yoo Te Amooo .
I am all for ranting on twitter but keep your rant to at least three or four tweets anymore then that is just unnecessary
Actually cringed when I sent my boss an email about time off..
You have an opportunity so be with someone great and amazing, so why don't you take it?
Y'all know the rules, gotta do what you gotta do
Wow messi is a beast
\"When Beyonce want you, and these girls can't do nothing for you\" -
Hate that I can't have you here all the time
I was sweeping dust off of my laptop and the mouse pad swept my screen to another page.
That Kobe dunk!!!
Fr fr this is a lot of fucking homework. My teacher is crazy.
I love you like I love my dick size
About to have the best seafood uptown,
New HT, Sigue el Coro :3
I don't understand following people you don't like other than to talk shit. Like if I don't like someone I have no need to see their stuff
If someone is looking for housing next year let me know. Got a four bedroom house and we are looking for a fourth housemate.
\": The have made up 9.5 games in 21 days, now sit in a tie for first place in the National League West. \"
You guys stay THINKING it's a vacation. I'm on a one-man mission to put the Berlin Wall BACK UP.
DONT YOU JUST HATE IT WHEN A FAMILY MEMBER STALKS YOUR FACEBOOK PROFILE AND TELLS YOUR WHOLE FAMILY WHAT YOU POST AND SHIT? YEAH ME TOO
Netherlands are getting so many corners! It's just a matter of time before they score
pLEASE follow my friend Ilyyyy &lt;3 dshj,
A German cracker!!!! GOLAZO!!!!
New Avi check it out Cute or nah?
Nobody come to a target nothing is working haha birches are getting pissed
Hola Denifer vv,chao.
Loud in my systemm they took my bro LA man I cant even picture
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips,be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.-St Francis of Assisi
I'm feeling reckless enough to fight a red Sox fan at this game tn
Pay $200 for what a month? Not doing dishes, the fuck I look like,
EMC wants to help our partners move beyond selling products to architecting and delivering complete solutions. Ask me how
Did that actually just happen?
Sings TAYLORD swifts mean \": 17. What are your honest thoughts of me?\"
That point in the night when you fall asleep in the middle of texting someone
One more day then deuces New York c'mon you could do this Kristen
If being bald works so well for my dad then according to the transitive property it'll work for me
Today at work three Irish bulls\/ yaks escaped from up the road and are on our farm. We have to catch them before they destroy everything -_-
Scared bc there's a black bear roaming my street
Before I even knew you
I break my back for these people and I'm not sure how much they appreciate my services
They tellin me to change how I'm livin but it's all I know
I wanna teach Dixie how to sit, lay down, stay, come, give me paw and gentle. Lol that's a lot to teach her bit hopefully I can do it haha
Ik u wanna be My main chick said fuck who ever u came with
Girl don't worry about me. Worry about you. Peace and blessings honey.
Feel like absolute shit and my head is gonna explode
People will do anything for some retweets and followers , smh.
KELLLYY JOHNSON IS BACK FUCKERS WOOO
I'm not hatin, I'm just tellin you !
Never knew you were a fellow Michigander. I'm from close to the bottom of the pinky finger. America's high-five fovera!
Convinced that every girl on the internet that has tattoos and has a \"not normal\" hair color wants to be a suicide girl and it's stupid
Iggy needs to get off the radio every 4 seconds.
I will not be silenced HOW DARE YOU!! (h\/t ) RT : Don't let them cut you off like that.
hit the gym with me so I know it's real
ok seriously wasn't expecting it but i luv this \"beautiful\" soundtrack
The higher regard you hold someone in, the more it hurts then they let you down...
Today in USA: national hate portugal day.
Dempsey out here thuggin. Hasn't smiled once this entire game.
Lying ass bitch
how does one achieve a shawn follow
By 5pm Sunday I will be drunk wether I'm on line waiting to Governors or actually on the island
Jarrett is free styling a song for me on Skype why is he so precious
The is awesome!!
Any opinion on Nick Ritchie
Loving the lines of the new
I need to get this ankle back into shape or I won't be playing this Saturday for my game
i think ive heard \"your the only girl \" about 10 times today .. pick a bridge &amp; jump ..
Cant wait until the draft tomorrow.. Gonna be watching from workk
Coffee and French Toast
Never hate the Westside yeah cause we get money
Lol I keep wanting to tweet things that only I and the other person should know haha
\": are usually too busy for you.\"ahahaha yes xD
I need to get more in touch with my feelings. I'm all hella bland with my emotions.
Turn da Beat Up x Big Freedia
White people should not have dreads
Who wants to come over and cook for me?!
Omggggggg fuck man altidore
\": Not like that lol\"damn con
I apologize to all my top friends on snap chat right now
Most girls wannaa hide the fact that the thrill they chasee it
Apparently the red sox are playing against geicho.
My dad? idk him, Do i respect him? No , Do i love him , No daddy's little girl stopped loving her daddy once he forgot about his little girl
I'm sorry if I bother anyone with my complaining I'm just tired but you can unfollow me and go get hit by a car after I don't really care
\": People still subtweet?\" Yeah. They're childish
STUDY THE BIBLE EVERY DAY YES, ON TOMORROW TOO.7.
Maybe that's why I don't go to sleep
Ready rice: done in 90 seconds; inedible for 20 minutes.
my face always has a bitchy expression on it and itS NOT MY FAULT
It's crazy how I had so many friends when I first started hs.
Working Friday Saturday and Sunday ehhhh
Area 25-Year-Old Just Got Called \"Kiddo\" By LIRR Conductor
Genuinely believe I may have food poisoning. Oh boy
Well looks like I'm not going to be wearing that crop top tonight seeing how I just ate a whopping sub &amp; am gonna be food pregnant all night
Someone buy me a bottle of ciroc and I'll give you the money for it please and thank you
After 6yrs of camping, we also lost our supply tent to a squirrel. A left out bag of chips\/bread and he are his way in but not out of tent.
My FLCL shirt hasn't come to me yet and this is causing me emotional damage
Clearly he doesn't like you he just wants to fuck you lololol
What just happened
Ive 2 different Health Plans.Humanna for discounted medications .my Co pay ranges frm .28 to $buck!! But not My marijuana cost!
That moment when a friend takes a picture of you &amp; asks for a redo cuz you \"look homely\"... After you felt solid on your outfit all day.
OMG seriously it's like they don't even care at all. I can wait till I'm 100 and the bus still won't come
First things first, I'm the realest
Neymar's injury will be crucial for the vs semi-final.
needs a haircut
Definitely getting a Jose Calderon jersey.. So fuckin tight
Going to the house of prime rib for the first time ever tonight. Recommendations?
convinced my family is never coming home
My office spent 1 hour talking about this Chera kids Lamborghini
\"What's best for you\" is my favorite song off
Weekly reminder that Malina has no plans tonight
Everyone needs to go See deliver us from evil. Saw It last Night and It was best movie ive seen in a while!
Wakes up and plays Apollos Entrance music from Rocky 4.
If u let her go, even if it was on a note where we can continue this later... Don't expect her to stop growing without u
That account must be a joke or something because I'm laughing waaaayyyyy too hard HAHA
Did Pikachu ever go inside the Poke ball?!? Lil stubborn muh fukka
You still love him?\n\"I cant imagine a day i wont\"
!!! team wins Founders of the Future at ! So proud of and Sarika! cc
The world is filled with some horrible things. But every now and then, you find that one person or thing that make it a better place.
Grudge Match= Rocky Balboa vs Jake LaMotta(Raging Bull)
I made cereal and I'm really happy about it.
this has been the most unproductive day I've had in a while
starting to hate the World Cup only because my dad uses it as an excuse to stay later to drink with his friends at parties, but go
Coffee is Going to be my savior this weekend I'm defiantly not getting any sleep
Lakers paying Kobe like he gonna be 20 again
Getting in the next bus see
I walked 6 miles today ok
Now that was the epitome of a savage
And I just bought 11 more bathing suits
riding home with no pants on is plain awk but its okay cause pants are irrelevant
CAN I JUST SAY THE WEATHER IS FINE. Seriously idk what weather there talking about.
So close to finishing the Divergent series makes me want to cry and scream and yeah
I'm bored where are my friends
Edwin watched my snap stories and it matters to me.
I laugh so hard when I'm mad.
Let's be cute and make out in the pool
Keep finding cigars in my car. Lol whyyyy.
HE'S BACK, THANK THE SOCCER GODS
And possibly having Fridays and Saturdays off haha fuck yes
A whole lotta Heat fans getting their Cleveland jerseys outta the boxes in the basements right about now
God don't let this drama start again omg
omg i just had a heart attack x Joseph listens to ptv &lt;3 ;-;
Just going focus on my self (:
I really do hate seeing homeless people
I am not in a good mood.
On FOIA: \"your answer to 'what do you want' is always the same: everything.\" - speaker at launch
Muero por ver las fotos de justin en tumblr
Mom do dragonflies sting? Do they blow fire out of their mouths?
Hi does anyone wanna keep a cat there are like 20 on my block that say good morning to me every day very friendly
Don't take my tweets serious it's just music lyrics
this customers getting in my head bruh
If any college or employer found my twitter, I don't think it'd be too bad. \"Man, this guy really likes to eat food.\"
I've been wayyyyy to active on Instagram all month lol
whats the youngest you would date? oldest?
That's a classic messi goal. No one will remember he played like shit
Im just having a bad day.
I need to move out of state and live near the coast where I see palm trees everyday
Thanks for all the twitta love
Also the turtleman is my fucking idol... Dude catches a coyote with his bare hand
Im about to 619 grande off the stage
This Germany vs France game shall be good
Everyone stop what your doing and follow She just Remade her twitter and Needs some followers she is Beyond Gorgeous!!!!
Im going to favorite every single USA tweet
I hate that people put their schedules in college groups. Like cool, you share a class of 500 people with 1 of 6,000 freshmen! BFFs!
...holy crap! Chills down my spine. I'll never hear Don't Fear The Reaper the same again. WHEN IS SEASON 3?!?!
How does someone like me get a follow from Nash??
\": This has become anti-climactic now. \" Do Something Darcy.... I mean Dwight Shrute.... I mean Tim Murray :)
Upholding the tradition of watching the finale with my sis
Happy birthday, ! You had me at hello. You had me at hello.
I would consider skipping my final tomorrow but I'm not trying to retake that class
After Snowden files, Guardian staff were told not to use plastic cups because they can be turned into microphones using lasers.
Should i be doing something right now?
USA goes through with a win or draw right? What happens with a loss? \n\nFor all my soccer peeps
These Spanish boys are on a come up.
Tim Howard has been a stud
You don't know how happy I was when I first seen that \"Kanye\" fight video LOL
To put it in American terms: he is and he is .
\": Maybe I should invite some people to my graduation party tomorrow...\"
What gives these negative emotions power is justification. The truth is you can only hold these feelings if you feel you can justify them.
Dempsey is bleeding god damn that ghana player better get a red
...why is my dad listening to Ridin dirty...??
Im mad as shit i cant find this vine
I was at Casey's for 5 minutes and managed to get wet dog all over me
Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes
Back on my bike grind feel amazinggg
Waiting for kool aid to get cold &lt;&lt;&lt;\nIm thirsty now
Mike and Ike's is the best candy out
Yo como que me voy a compra pal de Yaroa
Just another day in America @ Menlo Park Starbucks
\": nothing sheeesshhhhh lol I'm just asking\" mmhhmmm ok MR
Friday means so much to me :)
Woke up feeling like my sinuses got gang banged
Lot of breasts tonight at BET. can we discuss?
My legs have so many bites, but Priscilla looks like she was attacked by like a million mosquitos
Laughter has shaken up the walls n which evil doings spell will revoke a painless hearts a smile states u asked 4 this here is ur empty dish
mine would be you..
Cain got lit up and the pitcher (I won't even try to spell his name) has a perfect game going.
Wow go pick your ankles up bro
I must be a fucking idiot for sticking around this long
Shirley would be proud of my new Keychain
Trying to write my essay but the bae (netflix) keeps distracting me ugh
\": Over and over again I try to tell myself that we could never be more than friends\" that's that jam lol
overall deblasio gets a grade of A- from me
Blanca is just an average white girl with no fighting skills whatsoever. She was in Brazil doing T.F.A.
\"RT: : Why can't stiles and Lydia be together? Like seriously though\"
So I'm screaming after that goal. And all of a sudden my sister calls my name. I quickly apologize and she goes, \"it was a good goal\"
Just imagine how much better life would be with a lot of money
It's like I don't exist to some people
My job has some of the biggest thots I have ever met in my life
Tim Duncan should come out of that timeout and break dance at center court, only thing missing.
One of my biggest fears when I was younger was to be dragged from my house and put into a Van cause I'm on Room Raiders.
world fact:\n\nin belgium, people are stoned for listening to jewel
It's sweet that oliphants made it all the way from Middle Earth to Westeros.
yo si lo pongo happy
USA is wild soft sheeeesh
It's like connect the dots and bam you know and when u know u feel hella great
Like I had plans for rob stark to be the king and shit.
IM WHOOPING ASS TONIGHT FINE CHINA OR WORST BEHAVIOR SHOULD'VE WON
Holy hell, chill with the Donovan tweets
Black coffee before your run = instant diarrhea
Got nails done while watching the game: multitasker extraordinaire.
QUICKEST GOAL IN THE 2014 WORLD CUP
I need to be sleep tho
My bladder fucking HATES soccer
Ghana be like: Twanty wan
I work all week and still can't afford half of these vacations you girls who have no jobs go on.
One day someone is going to hold me so tight that all my broken piece inside me will attach whole again...
I gotta prepare my mind to work with 10-13 year old next week... That's my task for the week lol..
I don't even like soccer but fuck yeah
Tengo ganas de bailarrrrrrrrr....... Quiero fiesta...
Help need a new show to watch
Awwww Angel came to see me (:
Jesus Christ the raid finder takes forever -.-
So if Melo takes this max contract will we have any money for other players?
\": He got shot during his own mothers funeral . . .damn\"
I might have not been in the beginning of the BOYS Fandom but im here now fuck off
My friends are like extremely wack...
yo le voy a y a hasta la muerte
6. Talks about injury . You can only replace 24 hours before the teams first game
I think I might be a snackaholic
Wow, since the cup started, forgot about baseball
I'd say I have bad luck but that means I actually have some lol
Those 4 espressos and 2\nCoffees really came back to haunt me
like hey I see Z is here
its not about how hard you can hit, its about how hard you can get hit &amp; keep moving forward, how much you can take &amp; keep moving forward
I have the cutest wifey in the worldddddd
Just did the most California thing ever by running out to the car from the checkout lane to grab the reusable grocery bags.
I'm gonna be so depressed when I go to California I don't even wanna do this
Got hella options, like a college team
You're a manipulative asshole fuck off
groovy lil boy from around the way.
People on Shirley's IG need to learn how to spell. Stay in school kids.
She was running low on faith and gasoline
Well Knicks fans you guys should watch the draft tomorrow anyway something is likely to happen... hopefully
Apologies! We'll update \": Actually, this movie is on Lifetime! Can't wait for you all to see more. xo\"
I know Ray Allen changed his gum for this
THIS SPANISH BITCH GOT NO LIPS. GOODBYE
My goal in life when I was younger was to say \"my names Mercedes and your watching disney channel\" and do the little Mickey Mouse head thing
All I'm really asking for is you.
Within seconds. BOOM
Spent the first half of our morning trying to unscrew a door knob because my dad was locked in his room..
vry thankful for the amount of lip i have compared to amount of white i am
Hopefully it's nothing to serious
I'm just tryna live in the moment...its all about me
Lets go one more and we'r square
when a girl asks u a question she most likely already knows the answer to it so don't lie,
gotta be Johannssen
I loved you, past tense. I don't love you, present tense. Learn the difference
FUUUUUUUCK. They keep us in suspense for that?!?!
i always wished i would of cared more
How can't you like someone you don't even know?
Two days no sleep? No problem
You expect me to know what to say
\"Stop paddling and listen to the bees!\" (Things anyone who had seen stand by me doesn't want to hear)
Trey Gowdy, we need 100 more of you. Thank you for being standing up for America!
My dad will not be able to survive without a woman.
Idk guys it's a pretty close game. I have no idea who's gonna win
Damn jozy went down, hopefully we don't lose our momentum
\": you obviously have no chill so why should i ?\" SHOTS FIRED ! I REPEAT SHOTS FUCKEN FIRED.
Let's get it
Why does everyone die at avicii shows hahahah
AkoBogDa if I go to Bosnia this summer.. definitely going to Sarajevo!!!
Ugh dance and personal life once collide again
I hate online shopping bcs everything I want is never in my size
Hey , if ur going to b a streaky team, cn u time it so that the good streaks happen during the push 4 the Playoffs?
Mas magaling pa siyang magluto\/magbake kesa saakin ToT
Dimitrov had 8 double-faults and converted only 3 of 11 break point chances. That won't get it done against Djokovic.
Football prevailed today...above all there is football
Je sais pas quand on mange.
What part of SHOR'NT don't you understand, Kevin?
Ahhh 4-3 everybodys made em so far
saw you downtown singing the bluess
Chicago better win it next year
Traffic in LA is honestly ridiculous.
Better teams win, not the better player
I fell in love with reggie last night. Such a sweetheart
Finals are really gonna rape me
The longer youre awake, the harder you crash. Wish I could just run on no sleep all week. Ily
Nicki performing at Philly of 4th of July which is coming on vh1!!!!!
My head feels like it's stuffed with cotton balls. Death to sinus infections. !
Chat chat chat chat might as well have a new aim account b
I get pissed when you haven't texted me then I realize my text never sent.
The first verse in suicidal thoughts &gt;&gt;
iPad drives Sony Bravia 4k amazingly well.
Get well Jozy
Wtf this is not karate
I just want my suitcase. Is that too much to ask for???
Anybody wanna buy my sct to my truck? 350 obo upgrading to something different
But im a girl and prob dk what im tlkin ab
\": A minute with you is better than two without. -Hunter Hayes\"
I can't wait till 9\/23\/16 the day I turn 18!
This is your cancer survivor uncle, reminding you to check your balls once a month, and backup your laptop.
BYE Bow Wow you wear the same thing every year, you broke bitch.
Me and need sponsor for 2v2 AR\/SMG in a hour, we won several 2v2s together. You'll get 33% of prize!
In for literally one day. Down for tea? Drop me a line.
If it wasn't for these bitches, they wouldn't see me at all
Time money, you owe me if you wastin mine
idk how im awake or alive right now
Kevin called me babygirl on the phone when I called my brother earlier. And then he told me he kidnapped my brother. Kevin's awesome.
Something about how emotionless seems to be in Suits has to make him the coolest character, aside from his quotes! Badass actor
Also admire those who play the piano because it's all about (even harder) multitasking as well.
Suggestion: let's not always have Nationals in state with really shitty weather
I love lance but he has road rage and it scares the shit outa me
Everyone: \"So Erika, are you going to be a doctor like your parents?\" Me: *awkwardly laughs*
Worst part of watching old episodes of greys is knowing everyone dies
If you think for a second sexism is dead in this country, has just proved you wrong.
Money be the motto
For all of you that thought.. \"Hey picking peaches would seem kinda cool\" It is!! It's gonna be like 60 with a cool breeze. Fresh air!C'mon!
vou me riscar tudo,muda completamente,depois quero tocar daqui
I feel so bad for Isaiah Austin
I need a special delivery, ja feel?
I should've gone too barber school or some shit I'm always cutting my hair!
He is pacy so I sort of understand
\"WHY IS IT A COMMON THEME THAT EVERYONE HATES JEN AND BECCA.\"
Woooooow what a strike!
I want Christian to find this indirect ok
Hahaha I love all these Goldfinger stories, bless for reminding me of their existence
Everyone knows, I'm in over my head.
I don't wanna work I just want the money
Btw do sleeping pills really work with insomnia? .___.
I swear one day I'm just gna leave and not return for a long time when my mom starts to get on my case for stupid shit like she always does.
Lol I'm a bad person for not giving you a ride somewhere lmao walking does you good
Doubt it smh\": They gonna destroy wade in the media... Smh..\"
In this world there's no happy endings just pure beginnings.
This calm before the storm is awfully temperate. Cool breezes and mild temperatures are such a relief
It can be like that again
PJ for president
Watching rock of ages with zack
Ugh Messi. Hate him but respect him. Nice goal, still not impressed with this Argentina performance aside from that goal
Tonight was a fighting night
Met the elusive Jonathan Givony, &amp; he remains elusive. Couldn't hook me up with contact info, still awesome &amp; a great follow!
Whenever you DJ a original or remix hot girls start dancing , teach me you secrets !! ;)
Tbh that tweets 110% not about who anyone thinks it's about hahaha
Hate it when she put me in the friends zone...I wanna be in the end zone
I would love to see a well done werewolf movie. Ginger snaps is proof you can make it happen in modern times
I don't think Joel Campbell should play in Greece anymore lmfao
Who wants to meet me at six flags tomorrow
she my motivation
is sensational. Can't wait for
I Love Lucy Marathon until 5pm on !!! Ch55 in NYC! Ch10 on other cable systems.
When Monique hosted the bet awards &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Not looking forward to working 7 days straight
Why are there so many insane people in the Bay Area? This tweet is in no way targeted at any group aside from the mentally unstable.
I don't belong in country clubs, so today will be interesting. Might just stand by the bathroom with my hand out &amp; a towel &amp; see what I get
HER CHAMELEON IS NAMED PASCAL! Dats a philosopher!!! Disney meets philosophy? No better combination
methinks will outgrow the westin. perhaps allready did.
Any relief yielded by Godzilla's finale is dwarfed by the coziness + ease w\/ which displaced family members bump in2 each other in San Fran
I don't know where I would be without , and I don't want to ever find out. Thank you for the call. You're the best!
Theres icy hot on my balls, thats so fucking awesome
Triffiling ass, where the wild things are hoe
\": They gone talk about you when you ain't got shit!!!!! Still gone talk about you when you got shit!!!!\"
.So by Ur reasoning she had it coming? Riigghhhttt....
Well a new thing is fucked up with my current car. Looks like tranny problems. Great...
Dear lord Bettman, shut up so you'll stop getting booed.
Bitch if you want a fren fry eat a fren fry
I would be so happy if you called me That would be the most craziest thing that would happen to me this summer!
\"Being on the wrong side of is being on the right side of history\" goes for any of his cronies as well
And by life I mean: her chef boyfriend who has kids and married but she's being scandalous and also she is asking me if I want drugs
People have fun wild out do whatever you want but please let's think with your heads ladies and gentlemen and not with anything else;
I've made a lot of progress within the last year but there's always more room to grow and be better.
You try so hard to make yourself relevant. Das so cute.
IF KIRA AND SCOTT KISS I SELEEAR
Trying on the clothes I bought for PR.
I'm about to make some major changes to get to where I need to be. Care to join me?
I keep thinking \"American Pickers\" is a show about music, and end up being disappointed and disheartened .
Watching Finding Bigfoot, thinking this bitch is lying and I don't like it
Getting balled up by a nigga named Patty
how does someone go about selling Carol Christian Poell footwear?
This Rita's is bae right now
Watching Andy Griffith in color, not as good as the black n white episodes
Put a bitch in ya car turn on the heated seats.....you'll know if she clean or not.
.Please sign up my theater: Century Hayward, Chabot Cinelux Castro Valley
What follows after \"I am_________\" will most likely be true.
\"Who killed my future ex wife?\"
I love the World Cup but I am starting to realize that it is taking over some peoples lives
Don't judge me, I'm an artist. I think in circles
my mom asked what that \"hideous tumor\" on the back of jigen's neck was. \n\n(it's his hair)
This kid is legit pissing me the fuck off.
.The same thing happened with Fresno State baseball back in 2008. Previous school championship was women's bowling.
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
Ending this summer before it even began.
She then proceeded to say that all Leo's are self-centered,only care about themselves,and mean.I told her I was one, she kept the rant going
Proud of my boy Gabe! Started working today!
That awkward moment when nothing new gets posted on Instagram for 3 hours and you just keep refreshing hoping for anything.
Can't get over another no hitter!
\"I haven't given a hand job since nam\"
Walking outside of ashleys room and seeing that its actually light out has to be the funniest thing thats happened.
i feel like studio always playin
USA JUST SCORED!!!!!
i really am sick of him . no lie !
I swear chicago niggas turned the rap game all around
I had the hair before you
Hollywood felt a little guilty for not paying the president enough for his great acting so they give him a cheesy 400,000$ award &amp; campaign$
Zendaya went back to da O
really really excellent talk from a woman whose twitter handle I don't know about all the bullshit around mentorship
Hail to the King is such a kick ass album
Matt Cain improves to 1-6 keeps greeting bad for him
I wish it was a year ago I wish I was in MTK w my girls
Don't hurt my bestfriend yo .
oh shit.. key player right dere man
Ginobli with the poster ..on the heat players this game is over
UR TWEETS MAKE ME WANNA PUNCH A WALL
Spots are still open for this week! Book your hair appointments now!
Boutta do the commitment run tomorrow for the hell of it
to no site da victoria's secrets e eu to louca pq faltam mais ou menos 7 meses pra minha viagem p ny
Come home from work and my whole family is gone, so that's good
So since I'm African and ugly I need a weave
Ref tells both GKs \"don't do that thing you guys always do.\"
Just because I'm detail oriented doesn't mean I'm judgmental. I'm just naturally observant. My intentions are always good.
USA USA USA 1 more
fucking Facebook it was right there I hate my life
Casual Kim kardashian sighting in soho
I JUST MET MY NEW BFF
Oh hey imma go outside and do something\n-lol no you're not u hav to clean the house
This was such a waste of a day
Thanks KC for beating the Angels. The A's now have a 5 and a half game lead in the division!
Shoutout to on a national championship !!! Kid struck me out 3 times in 1 game.
Wow even my unconscious self is telling me to give it up
2hrs of sleep looks great on me
You should've run.
I think I need to get away.
if you ain't over the age of 21 then you're not old enough to talk shit about me. lol fufu ass bitches.
yo someone hmu im bored af
If Jeepers Creepers was real.....Fuckk that
WADEEEE ABOUT TIME lol
Booing the kings winning. Cheering the rangers losing. I admire and respect your dedication, Philly.
Me engatusa el sentido soy un iluso perdido que vende el alma por la sensates
iCarly is still my favorite show
Good luck boys and Koscielny
Sungki daw ako hahhaha Nagsalita ang Hindi LMAO XD
I seriously can't sleep without being next to Kaylara.
Knowing that I'm going to be 18 in exactly ONE MONTH !!!!
Blazing Some HAZE wit My Brozay
CAKEDAY IN ONE WEEK YAS BIETCH !!!!
I can't wait for the game one hour left. bra
Still in my clothes from last night idk
Time to advance
Trust me, everyone is better off without me. And it's actually encouraged.
\"Do you really have to be a hoe on Independence Day? Go upstairs\"-my mom
I just realize that means Vector is useless, S&amp;D rounds won't be 1.5, won't be 6 rounds, and sound whoring like crazy.
Hurt that tommy hung up on me on ft
we wanted to be clean, and become dirty...
just made the switch.. Hofstra U '18
Regulatorrsssssss. My granny was such a thug
Ive got my popcorn ready, anyone wanna join me and watch this ride continue..
What a shot by Jones!!!! Fuck yes!!!
if you try to ruin someone else's life to make yourself feel better please reevaluate life
you don't know how much this would mean to me
FRANKIE'S SPARKLY HEELS MADE MY EVENING
The boys in blue to the semifinals.
I hope the words \"I'm like that\" never come out that hoe mouth again. Or her pussy ass nigga for that matter.
I'm just trying to go to les Halles for dinner who wants to go(not you Teo gtfo)
That awkward moment when someone guesses your bra size and they guess smaller than you actually are..
If you actually call your boyfriend\/girlfriend \"bae\" I'm praying for you
Flbjdlbjflvhdjdoa h awwww he has no teeth so fucking cuuuuute!!! Damnit you tiny puppies I just want them all!!!!
My throat so dry from Vegas
Come on, Seamless. I don't want to call the restaurant to check.
I'm still waiting for that moment when I get sad about high school ending
Flying tomorrow , whoop dee doo ..
what can i do for fix the things
NEW YORK THE SLUTTYBOY GANG IS HERE
If I cannot get an answer before I go to sleep I will black and become ode brand new!
40 seconds in...
Si tu no me buscas yo no puedo lamberte.... !
It's all or nothin' so keep it comin'
123 you're pretty cool for an underclassman haha
Is Tegan and Sara a mood? Cuz that's how I feel right now
Why do people keep talking to me about chemtrails and the illuminati? I don't even care, guys!
Had to make dinner real quick
Freakin A, man. Why does there always have to be cops and flares and blocked off streets and crap by my house?
Ima start two days tomorrow! Gonna go to the gym at 5:30 before work and after work! Im not gonna wake up in shape!
No team of mine, either hometown or adopted, has ever won a title. I don't know what to do with my hands.
goal: try to tweet at work while the boss clockin me (and not get fired)
Went to the pool, fucked around, then had a bbq
Ah yes, Google I\/O out in full effect tonight.
Love costco trips with Chritty
Why does it feel like you're pushing me away..?
EVERY time I eat food my dog stares at me until I'm done. It's uncomfortable
Happy 4th of July!
Just finished How to train your dragon 2. Pretty much ugly cried. MAH FEELS! RIGHT IN THEM!
A bacon egg &amp; cheese and some pancakes is what I need right now
Long black train by josh turner
Cruising in the 350z. Only about an hour until we get to the beach house
No one wants to see the pitcher get out of a jam. They want to see the batter go yard
Lyzzas a bullshiter she was on her way a half hour ago !
Lmao it's shady af how dirty laundry doesn't even mention michelle lmaooo
Why my whole time line talkin about dirty Africans lmao.
Ready just waiting for THE CREW!
Lets be honest TT love me.
I'll do what I want bitch
sleeping schedule is gunna be so fucked when i have to wake up at 6 for 3 days during this tournament
Am I wrong? For thinking we can be something for real
The Lord shall increase you more and more, you and your children. ~ Psalm 115:14 KJV
I want a Dylan O'brien. I want one so so bad
I was just casually smoking in my drive way by myself and then Amis pulled up
mom and dad please get a divorce.
The force is strong in that booty
I just want to go surfing and have a cookout at the beach w coronas and Amurica food
I hate how my parents are such Jews with the AC
WHOS DOWN FOR A POWER HOUR PROMPTLY AT 10:45 AT MY HOUSE FOR AMERICA??????
Smashed my hand on the ceiling in celebration
I'm the idiot who doesn't rub in sunscreen the right way and now has weird shaped burnt spots all over my legs
And yet I'm overwhelmed with how much I love places like Hong Kong and Dubai and when I'm there feel like I can't breathe I'm so happy
hahahaha I love how lexie and I share hatred for the same people
....the more u try to control things in ur life, the more out of control ur life will be....
If you don't like investigation discovery i cant trust ya
man I'm such a idiot
Srsly in love with my elevated view. Sutro Tower, SF skyline, both bridges, Marin, Mt. Tam, Berkeley &amp; Oakland Hills
Touch my butt &amp; buy me icecream
i need food &amp; drinks &amp; di....
One hell of a strike for jones!
When you know a subtweet is about you and you can't decide whether to favorite it or not &lt;&lt;&lt;
This is where Landon Donovan would make a huge difference
That chipotle bowl was great I wish I had like 3 more I'm still starving
Spurs are too nice but it's Knicks for life
Anyone else fail to make it past the 15-minute mark on both WORLD WAR Z and PAIN AND GAIN on Netflix? Re-watching instead.
I think me and are the only ones that know What Ellis wants to be in life
I've strain my hamstring several times without needing a stretcher
Holl the fuccin phone it's the 4th of july
87 we've only met a couple times but you're such a sweetheart, I hope we get to hang out sometime!
Helllllll yeah USA
I get very cranky and assholeish when I'm tired.
I've been a non crack head for a month
leave your sunscreen at home. today is not the day for that
Fuck yeah!! Teen wolf comes on tonight
If I'm sad your a clown and when I'm scared your always around
17 and im trapped in a world with no ones help.
I read numbers out of order. All the damn time
He should a kick you off the bed
Yessss offensive foul bitch ass D wade
My hair has been curly for about 2 months now
I enjoy hanging with my parents a lot. Haha always a great time!
I just put clothes in the wash that are pretty much only work appropriate. All I have left are bandeaus and weird mom jean cut off shorts
\"im turning on the a\/c, could u close the win-\"\n*closes all the windows in .05 seconds*
Said ahhhh that pearl ain't royal.
\": Bitches ain't shit.\" Buuuuut ___ &amp; ___
Vision, hustle, consistency and faith is what separates princes from kings Clay Laugier
If I just wake up and you try talking to me before I've had coffee, good luck.
you make me crazy, you make me wiiiiild
I literally did not know the USA was in the World Cup. Like at all. Wow Jacqui.
I'm too attached, my heart won't let me fall back.
I can firmly say no matter what that I will ALWAYS have someone I can trust!
I go 0 to a 100 real quick nigga
Told my dad I made Dean's list, his response was \"could've done better.\"
u reject the girl due to colour fair... after few year same looking soooo beautiful\n
Yes pharrell is married and yes he has a 4 year old son named majesty
Motivation hard to get back once u lose it
Dang dude won the College World Series and then after proposes on the field. No way anyone can top that.
The sad part of Up gets me every time
I wish I could watch the bachelorette .. Well actually I wish I could watch any show
No one wants Greece to win, and I really want Costa Rica to win
Love that has finally eclipsed 1 million followers!
Don't watch the world cup if you don't play soccer...And then acting Like you know what's going...
Wtf Is Keke Palmer Wearing ?
Following nothing but dc hoes so I can learn they language.... sound like they all had strokes out therr
wow, bih scored!
Nobody knows but me that sometimes I cry, I pretend that I'm asleep when my tears start the fall..
Jermaine was clearly the biggest whore in the Jackson 5.
I fear I will never love anything as much as gay guys love the movie Frozen
hashtag this show is boring without Isaac drama
I STILL find it interesting how if I rant on Facebook, people get worried. If I rant on Twitter I gain like 10-15 followers. Crazy! lol
Baxter might as well be a Carlow lad
Should probably never go to a giants game again for the sake of my team
Somethin is tellin me to go to pride this weekend.
Maybe I'll get super powers now :D
There really aint 1 soul that I can trust..
So can I get those 30 mins of my life back?
I write all my \"emotional\" shit down in notes and throw em in a drawer instead of putting thm up on social networks, much better alternative
Too often people believe they've seen all someone has to offer
\"Why confront something when you can avoid it\"
Why the fuck do weirdos that don't know me Facebook request me...who spends their time doing that shit
I wanna go to a rave.
I can't even see you the same, sorry not sorry
Its official! is head to Gotham premiere: A screening of the pilot episode. Saturday July 26th.
Faith Fling can suck my Dick
Old lovers fall like leaves but just if you let them
Why did i buy micheal kors frames for my glasses
a 9 year just told me I had big boobs SOS
I rather be single then in a lying ass relationship.
These hoes with they nose in my business
I was born in the night of white revolution( redistribution of wealth in Iran). My parents got my birthday 6 months later for school purpose
pour one out for the Supreme Court protecting religious freedom in regards to the ACA\/birth control
USA USA U.S.A
wait what the fuck i lost so many followers
What's with the red roses for new citizens at ? Red = anti-suffrage; should be handing them yellow!
man I really cant watch CVS2
My sister keeps replaying voodoo doll and this proves that even people that \"don't like\" 5sos still like 5sos
she even tried to overdose and take her life away
Just do it anyway before we all grow old and die
I'm so fricken tired but you guessed it. ..my hip hurts
I do believe every kid needs their father, but not if he's a kodak piece of shit.
Is this partynextdoor? \"No this is nextdoorparty\"
Damn!! That was quick
I hope realizes that France isn't going to win today
OH GOD GHANA WERE SLEEPING.
You live in this country support it bitch
He wants to sex you and then he wants to encrypt your data.
Can't wait to be a soldier
....and the boys nailed it.
monumental night..cold stone for first time now watching the purge.
If My Aunt Wasnt A Bipolar Bitch Living Here Wouldn't Be So Bad
I lost my voice holy shit
I try to tell myself I'm not afraid...I'm terrified
The fact that Teen Wolf is on in 5 minutes brings me so much joy right now
And I was just looking for a charger Block
So happy to not be working td
I'm so petty, before I tell someone happy bday I try to think if they told me on mine
Cant wait to see this hot dog eating contest
Shouldn't there be rules about playing horror movie commercials? Like at least on channels I watch
I just throughly cleaned out my dad's BMW. I even polished out the engine bay!
Listening to the radio ... Long week ... In a Different ....
All I know is that the piggery should make a comeback...
She tweeted about me lol, a bitch famous
Wade needs to step up this game
\": Be about ya business.\" Tell em bro!
Thanks to finally fat fired from . She was completely useless &amp; horrible. She destroyed Edi's legacy
Not going to be a fun ride on Bart w\/ A's &amp; Yankees fans on the same train.
\": lol, whats your story? RT : Anyway gen moun c just parce ke permanant pa fe yo byen ki fe yo natural\"
Anyone got a update on the 5k?
A night sleeping without Travis is the kind of night I don't like
se meu pai inventar de querer voltar a morar nesse interior de merda eu juro que fujo
She said not to complain when the bill is $200+
\"Wtf is the Barbicide for?\" ... \"to disinfect, you dirty bitch\"
These bitches want respect but they ain't earned that yet
Starting our Independence Day out right with mimosas and bacon. 'Merica!
The fact that I'm sore from doing hardly any lifting at cheer is like so sad. Where'd my muscle go
Baby grind on me , relax your mind take your time on me .
\": My best friend threw a banger and I wasnt there.\" bae i miss u
Who esle going to see transformers tonight!! ;D Autobots rollout
I just be thinking everything's funny when I'm high. Like nothing could make me mad
If my friends were all knights of the round table, I wonder who'd be who.
I have no one to talk to so ima tweet u tik i find someone.. i just want a nice convo .
I can see us drifting apart but you dont seem to care.
Jason Kidd tried to make a power move on his boss and ends up in Milwaukee? don't know whether to laugh at him or cry for him lol
CPT CLINT WE GOING TO THE KNOCKOUT STAGE!!!!!!
What's true isn't always the truth.
Lmbo, when she sees her butt she gets creative and wants to write records bahaha
Trout hit that ball to a Subway back in Anaheim!!
Online shopping makes me feel better
Apuesto que si le digo me dira que no tiene plata :v
And it's still Fuck the spurs for beating OKC
It is so crazy to me that this exact day a year ago we graduated
I work from 7AM-2:30PM Saturday. I could barely wake up for school at 7:30.
Work was horrible today omfg
saw my wife today in the airport guys. Maddie saw her too. we agreed she was the only perfect 10 in existence. she was like 5'9 too omg
I'm pretty sure every ride does should be a rave ride
Dude half drunk from Germany said: It's so annoying to hear Americans call their stupid game Football meanwhile call real Football Soccer.
5 more days of work until another day off! Goes by fast...
HappY BIRTHDAY TO ME AHJDJVK :$$$:$-))-)-))-)-
\"There's nothing in life a good slap in the ass can't cure\" - My Dad
nice ovation here for Vidal Nuno as we enter bullpen time.
Actually tearing up watching the videos of us together lol
Got both of my faves on my ACC now and
Pedi empanadas de la romanna y me las trajo niquito jaja que grandee
For the love of God, I have to watch this episode! SOMEONE GIVE ME HBOGO! PLZ!
Well my mom saw someone die tonight at the movie theaters and then proceeded to watch the fault in our stars
Penalty kicks. Come on Costa Rica we got this !!
Okay, I changed my mind. I might go camping only because my little cousins want to have a water balloon fight.
can someone be my soulmate and take me to a weeknd concert?
turning into a woman is knowing the difference between punk-cunning &amp; beautiful-cunning
I'm so glad I had vacation hours, able to enjoy Edc and it's as if I had still been working the whole time I was gone
DONT TOUCH ME TEEN WOLF IS ON OMG OMG THE DAY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR
If you watch the France vs Germany game today you're a bum
WONDO SUPER SUB PLS
Ive been awake for 6 hours straight today
I can't drink tequila I jst can't after the Ciroc incident
Sitting out again tomorrow in my .
I know I'm not the only girl you talk to
awesome moment when my phones on 13% and my charger stops working:)))
Don't know why all a sudden I'm getting acne, but does anyone know of any good acne medicine?
She look like the whole entire flag dh
Just knowing my name was in your mouth stressing with that jealousy makes me feel good :-)
I swear if Melo go to Miami , there's no reason for me to watch nba ball again.. They winning for the next 5 yrs straight !
When everything around you is constantly changing memories are the only thing that will stay the same
The targeting has improved so much over the past year...4 or 5 key pieces that aren't too complicated, but need to get right
I think I'm ready for bed. This day went to shit real fast.
El mambo que tengo en la cabeza es imposible escribirlo, necesito hablarlo con alguien.
I'm gonna have a heart attack.
I'm at San Francisco airport waiting for my flight back to England. Busy week, but very enjoyable and nice to meet the team
Local Starbucks wants people to share on Instagram. Haha!
HOW is every single article spot on?
Someone get bagels with me
I ate a pint of ice cream and do not regret it.
Half of the house wants on Codey's dick.
Completely forgot about ask.cm and I'm glad I did
Twitter is finally back to normal
US IS THE BEST
To all the locals I'll probably take pictures of on the upcoming Losing Streak shows, you only get your pics if you stick around for us.
It kills me seeing bitches hog the treadmill at the gym going 1 mile per hour.
Since the US and it's citizens are severely affected by his executive decisions, let's hold an election on whether or not to .
I can't wait to see my sissy's
Someone on here earlier said she looks like a gold power ranger
Goalie was not even expecting that.
This live band is killin it!
Just because we are few and they are many, we are weak, and they are powerful, it does not mean that we are lost.
Fantastic goal scored by Messi. Argentina up by 2
Cuando me dan RT o FAV yo tipo:).
Giants game tomorrow . Who trynna go
They say it takes 30 days to break a bad habit
Four day work week, USA game at 4PM tomorrow, friends coming in Thursday night for a long weekend - I think I can handle this week.
I need to get out of this town
Fight for what we got with me..?
Once a good girl goes bad, she's gone forevaaaa
Driving by Rochester thinking about I'm in Niagara tonight
, what's good? Y'all should be here at with and .
This guy is in the wrong sport... Join the rockettes bro
\": THERE'S AN ART IN BEING NICE TO PEOPLE!\"
So is kinda like the Saboteur 2.0
I'm kinda over being ignored now but ok
Just benched 200lbs for the 1st time ever @ age 32. Have not worked out seriously since highschool &amp; just started working out 4 months ago.
W2 if I don't get a call plus a 3 paged essay explaining why niggas couldn't hmu. Ima be savage.
Tianna said her jeans feel like sweat pants \ncrack head
My one complaint about MK8 is that there aren't enough pink bikes. Or...not enough change to pink when I pick peach.
The board at the airport doesn't have anything on it.
\": dm instead please\" lol aiite , no prob .
There are some weird noises that I hear out my window
Summer is going by fast already and almost into July
should i start dexter or breaking bad?!
Jesus that was quick
I could run away and live in the woods
Judging by local press and twitterati you might think ridesharing is only thing happening. So much more out there. Endless possibilities.
I wonder if you are going to be there tonight?
i smile during kisses and I have no clue why
To go out to ocean city maryland this weekend for bike week and turn up with all my real niggs on the bikes , funk master flex hosting it !
Everyone wants to tweet real shii but won't do real shii
\"fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, shame on me.\"
(Back to a few tweets ago) I'm surprised that the Supreme Court passed the contraception bill. The country doesn't have an official religion
Damn someone kid jumped to his death because he lost his bets on some world cup matches. 3k worth...
I got one more seat left for tm
Soccer players with tattoos should be ashamed when they lay on the ground in pain when they were barely touched.
USA USA USA, still hate dempsey tho
Your boy was faded last night
This not having a place shit blows mine.
Sometimes the devil comes in the form of gossip.
Melo is leaving deff, Lebron will prob stay but who knows he may pull a Lebron lmao
In west buddle fuck where taji? wyd tonight?
Ibisevic on lets see some magic
Talk to me about doing demon, &amp; u a bum hood ratchet nigga
You need to move on.. things changed
\"If w is double u then why isn't m double n?\"\n-guy at the bar
We also need
The fact that I thought that was you :\/
If you didnt know that suck my dick
Where I go I just don't know, might end up somewhere in Mexico. When I find my peace of mind, I'm gonna keep it for the end of time.
garth snow is huge..he's a better goalie than a GM..and he was a backup goalie
I swear some bitches in Brooklyn are corny.
People who complain about foggy San Francisco summers: you are free to live elsewhere.
Why do some teenagers try to be political???
Somebody needs to watch 24 with me rn
my boyfriend doesn't ever wanna talk to me
Slowing readapting to my little Brooklyn life.
Dwade isn't going to get away with his dirty bullshit calls and plays tonight
This bar just blew up in noises
These flipping flopping soccer players man. they really sell it
Mount Vernon Pd broadcast a hotline for missing child turns out this is same child from Shop rite area.
Ha! \": \"It takes more faith to believe that [the wafer] is bread than it is the Body of Christ.\"\"
That commercial with the Mexican father and son? Yeah, it makes no sense.
That was some clutch Mexican food
Every second every minute man I swear that she can get it
My name is ashton and I like anal
It's me from now on. One goal and nothing gets in my way.
esta re gila esta, me parece que se fumo uno antes de venir
Did the motto took a flight to the golden state
People stay sucking the Heat. Who cares they've made it to the finals the last 4 years. How many times has your team ?
At the end of the day, I have food, water, shelter, and unconditional love from those I care about. It's the simple things.
I laugh at them because they are all the same
Happy birthday to my mans I miss you homie, hope it was a good one
I wanna go swimming , let me hit gabby
People who say pacific instead of specific are my least favorite type of people.
My gays want me to go to ladies night tonight. Okkkkaaaaay
The fair gonna shmack dis year
ugh wish I was at DISO
Idk why i promised to join sports lol
The thought of being in a relationship scares me
Lol I'm sorry for the NYC spam .
boys confuse me
It's 1:48 and this chic making late night snack runs lol
so its 2am and i just watched the quarterback glee episode and i am sitting here bawling my eyes out
Take wade out pleaseeeee
This whole fighting thing is getting really old
Merecido empate No Mames!\n
I'm thoroughly convinced that diversity is beauty.
I really hate the shown Finding Big Foot. Like it literally makes me mad knowing a show like this can be aired....
You're gone and I got to stay high all the time .
\"Screw him. I'll show him ground breaking when I hit him over the head with a hammer and we he falls the ground breaks.\"
I had no idea that this was what my high school years would be like
\": its not that much\"heard u spent 3 racks on ya belt buckle
Damn it's crazy talking to one of my exes and finding out he has a baby now! It's crazy how things turn out tbh.
And I don't even have the option to strip
I love\/hate my natural hair
Shortly after beating Algeria, Germany quickly advanced to the semi-finals following France's unconditional surrender.
I don't necessarily fear death. I fear not making something of myself or being forgotten when I'm gone.
Thank u Lord God 4 Life......
i throw nude raves in my room for myself.
My dad on the US game \"We have to make sure we don't eat any German food today so no sausages for us\" I think we might have a problem
Buy it, use it, return it.
There's no use getting your hopes up
Ladies what the fuck I'm I suppose to do when my girls on her period and she won't stop complaining at 11:30 at night?!..
You don't go Jessica Simpson when you got Rihanna
Someone rub my back it's killing me
Trap music &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Im really on my phone 24\/7.
my mom is drunk and lecturing me on how not to get pregnant aka literally providing tips and I think I'm done with this conversation
If I could actually fall asleep now that would be great.
No no Jozy. You will be fine. Buck up. I love you.
I love how my aunt &amp; sister are hella down to earth. They're hella fun to hang out with. I always have a good time.
YEEAAAHHHHH!!!!!!! HELL YEAAAHH!!!!!
I text no one.
i'm just trying to be a better me &amp; kinder to everyone
My mom gets me wawa atleast once a day, not havin it. This needs to stop. She wants me to weigh 200 pounds
I hope I didn't forget to do some random hw assignment
This is what I get for caring too much. Fuck this
jessicas making me listen to irish music.. i regret bringing her mcdonalds
its weird looking back at your life and seeing how so many things have changed throughout your entire life
The only way to get rid of the sore is to work out some more right ?
I jus fucked a nigga baby mama off istagram
Put a gun to my head and pull it just to show i'm not defeated by a bullet
Did my hair and I'm watching Pretty Little Liars when did this become my life
cream puffs are bae
You know its till the death, i hope its obvi to niggas
Now, up at bat. Will the Boyfriend score?
who said anything about no smokes ? \nsee that's that dumb shit , it was never banned on past cods , just get rid of lmgs like wtf
Gonorrea sentir ese nudito en la garganta y que nadie te entienda.
Going to experience my first bacon Saturday in NJ w\/ the ?
Id date your mom - someone I live with
Everybody else is asleep and I've been up for an hour
True Life: We Have a Popcorn Problem.
Have a happy
niggas used to lay down furious bars of venom with cool edit pro
Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos..
You ever realize how done you are with someone after they keep doing dumb shit over and over again?
Need something to do? Come to the UCB THEATER 2 see &amp;
Agreed Bruce Jenner def loves the 4th ??
my legs mysteriously broke I guess I can't run today :-(
Just fucking take me home
Deleted about 400 pictures .. 1000 to go
I always gotta plan , momma ain't raise no fool
I can't breathe and my heart is breaking with every beat. It's like watching my life fall apart and I am unable to do anything about it.
When I stop arguing that mean I stopped caring
Good head get ya rent paid.
He's not even transferring to a different high school, he's staying in Int'l.
Menuda broma no solo hemos tenido que pasar una noche mas en ny porque se cancelo el vuelo sino que volamos con 5 hrs de retraso!! Flipando
Straight up the referee for the Argentina vs. Bosnia game is a shit head. # fuckthatreferee
If you're going out to clubs 5 out of 7 days every week you have fucking issue my dude
Officially in a state touching the Atlantic, officially got amber alert on entering, officially stomach-afflicted from fajita leftovers
Did absolutely nothing today, might just go for a drive I'm so bored.
I just ran a 10k at sunken meadow. Oh my god. I thought I was gonna die an obscene amount of times.
3k till my goal which I would of reached a long time ago if people actually followed back or people didn't unfollow
Jozy's replacement looks like the squid to end all squids
Was that like Lebron missin a wide open dunk? Or air ball?
Body like a coke bottle crush it like a coke can.
Like this migraine is just such loads of fun I really just don't want it to go away
If baby ever ends up like Henry from The Last Of Us I'd be the most saddest boy
Roman Reigns next gimmick should be him being a magician
Now ash is sketching me out
I'm just not in a good mood right now
holy fucking shit GGOOOOAAAL
Yass I wonder what my boo Nicki gonna preform !
Me and Eric are obsessed with
It's going to be hard to cut some people out..
My really light hair was gross and never should have been a thing
We've been through to much shut for me not to be your girl
Finally visited . gettin the itch to make shit.
You always said it would get better but I'm sick of seeing ghosts
I pray! I believe! I receive!
Llevo toda la semana yendo a por pizza con mis amigos despues de trabajar y....me siento gorda.
Finally learned to move on. Deleted all your text messages and trying to erase all our memories. I bet you met someone in France and forgot
I'm coming for you Orlando!
We'll do us, you do you
Wont you stay with me Cause your all I need
Ghanas jersey though
Makiss ku suda ungtan ti kinabayag da ag gun gunay.
Out at 7:45 on a Friday night..what is life?!
Guess I'm just gonna chill at home to end my weekend
Free love this is real love
Don't slip, cause a nigga might push up on it
Bet y'all didn't know America declared independence on July 2nd. That alcohol tastes good though
Been in San Francisco for like 14 hours and I've only been matched twice on Tinder. this is a new low for me.
Not Altidore. Hope its not serious.
My whole house is shaking with this storm
Tonight I danced my ass off for you man I barely knew anyone there but i knew you were holding my hands like you always are Ronnie thank you
I HAVE DONE NOTHING ALL DAY.
The amount that I need to move out of my house is like 45 billion at this point.
I've been so irl since my friends came home for the summer. Haven't been an anime boy lately. Feels weird tbh.
It could all be so simple
The ever blessed pumm pumm! \n glad I go with you &amp; I'm in love with you like woahhh
Yooo... I can't be lurking. Ctfu!!! The shit I just seen is fuckin hilarious :)
I don't like to refer to people that passed away in past tense. Because they're just not here physically.
literally every night in the tent:\n\"pussy. money. weeeeeeed!!\" -
Omfg I got super tanned it's horrible
Gonna be a hot one today ladies and gentlemen.
Ima call joey on his ass LOL
No will ever no how my 3rd eye shows
Why do I keep drinking?\nWasting my time on you\nIf I didn't know any better,\nbut damn it I do...
PLS NEW SONG THATS NOT SOTS
Took 3 days to get into it but is so good
Eyes that match the shirt I'm wearing tn
HOLY SHIT OMFG YAS
See my house is not a home , fuck is going on'
Let's just all talk about how we get no play and our ex's tonight
shawty down to earth but bitch i need my space
Me and my vette will roast on anyone
And my little brother is gonna be a freshman in high school. They grow up so fast
My new car is dusty new. It's the new type of NEW.
\" we say money don't but happiness, it does.. But what happens after it \"
I cant believe i cant ball all summer
Road trip to Fresno, Cali. Sacramento was greaaaaat.
That was an amazing springboard off the top rope to a dive on the outside by Kofi
wait...wait...I have a feeling something is happening this friday.\ndid i not read between the lines or something...
oh fuck messi
I don't watch much tv but when I do humanity makes me nauseous. Watched a dude bite a lizards head off. You suck
My hair ain't even finish growing yet
They still make Robin jeans haven't seen those in a while lol
Orgasms are the best thing ever. Seriously
i honestly don't even want to go to the artrave, i just wanna see katy at msg already :-(
We get it your Lightskin lmaooo
When shaq fucks hoops, it's like a horse fucking a human.
My favorite part about summer is Book &amp; Bikini Sunday Afternoons
don't play lol
Off to babies r us and the mall to go shopping !
honestly how do people have \"round 2's\" and \"round 3's\" of tfios? i couldnt even take it the first time
I wasn't planning a twilight marathon but that's what I got
Whenever I have an ailment I always call my mom and tell her all of my symptoms like she's a doctor or something
All I need is family and money, fuck everything else
$ malikcigars $ let's be friends bc zayn girls always unite ! wow ur acc is v cute
Secret to life: unhappy people look for what life will give them, happy people look for what to contribute to life.
Vanilla Peanut Butter Milkshake for breakfast? Yes.
Why do that to yourself ?
Lmaoo Nikki puts nana on to everything I tell her, damnnn
Highlight of my weekend so far: finally being able to sleep in
That One Ex That Wont Get Off You &lt;&lt;&lt;
I want to chop my legs off. These mosquito bites are UNBEARABLE at this point.
I pretty sure I would be dead without Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.
It was a good day off
One of the mysterious ways God works in is leading us to see our mistakes so that we learn from them. That is love.
Fuck an ask.fm! Y'all got something to say bout me SAY IT TO MY FACE or shut the fuck up!
got a nigga in they feelings now
\": If I argue with you .. I care\"
Q' La Luna Salga Cn El Sol '
Messed up in a way.. thats almost a combined 2000 dollars I give to the county of santa clara.
Eleven Rings so far so good.
Apparently it is my - 7 years today!
Don't even wanna fuck w\/you anymore..
Todo aquel que nace fino La clase nunca la pierde
I don't know about everyone else, but for me hunger is never gradual.
Living in the Santa Cruz mountains is nice n all but damn it can get boring!
Who tf hurt bae.
APPARENTLY I HAVE A TRUST FUND AND MY PARENTS SPENT ALL THE MONEY FROM IT ON THEMSELVES
put dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins in a steel cage hardcore match
I'm home. Come see me at Jones
Aka I don't like her and I don't wanna see every moment of her life on my tl all the damn time.
Luck or not, you're here now and now you have a chance to redeem yourself but hey that's none of my business *insert Kermit the frog*
Dear writers of you must really love girl-on-girl action because there is so much of it
HOPEFULLY SEEING THE WINTER SOLDIER THIS WEEKEND
Maybe if I was just a little bit wittier I could be twitter famously
the chef tossed Brittany's salad pretty fast
My boyfriend just pulled a nacho out of his pocket. I'm not sure if I'm in love or mortified.
Been sick the past couple of days. I'm finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
Ughhhh already on my way to work
The soreness in my legs is real
Wish we could have nights like this every night.
Someone told me my voice was soothing to them lol meaning I will keep singing alot
My liver may fail this summer
So we just saw James Franco and Leighton meester unplanned ok
&amp; ain't got no momma here to tell me it's bedtime
Probs should have put more than 4spf on today ...
Honestly they both look crazy their outfits are a dub.
You're a sick fuck if you like that shit.
Novlene Williams Mills just retained her title as winner of natl 400m
Arriving at Penn station during rush hour on a Friday
Great Father's Day episode Game of Thrones!!
About to get on a lot of comp work...from downloading new songs to learning how my and see how editing is with it...
First ever World Cup from, congrats guys.
My dad said were gonna have a \" talk \" fml
Only one person I wanna talk to right noww
Colorado has a state fossil apparently. Lol the things you learn from watching jeopardy.
No frowns round here, bruh, we all smiles
I get exercising is good and healthy and we all need to be active but that's just rude and crazy to give an ultimatum like that.
I lost my work phone. ...not partying, going to the gym.
Come on !! Do something good!
Gonna by a soccer ball this week.
Rage is the key word right now
Fuck i hope i didnt forget again
There is no \"cool\" way to fall off a wakeboard.
Nakakagulat naman dito,may nag aaway na pala sa labas tpos ako walang kaalam alam..
kept on seeing couple's pic sa fb hahahaah
Also Bosnia is playing lazy as shit this half.
Swear to god nothing pisses me off more than when people lie
I really want to drink but the state troopers barracks has all my alch!!!
Been waiting for Game of Thrones tonight like a fat kid waiting for cake
christians inferno - green day
I think it be the music lowkey..
I wanna be invisible, so that I could go into Safeway and steal all of their Digornos
My pool is finally blue: repeat my pool is FINALLY blue
My lower back is killing me
while waiting to go out on the boat I ordered a few more VS bathing suits..whoops
Give that man an Emmy preferably two for Timmy
Lemme score a goal right quick -Dempsey
$0.83 left on my iTunes account so I can't buy single
He'll be back, he's a tough cookie
Cupcake Wars: World Series of Poker episode... basically all two of my interests in one show
Words can't even describe what I'm feeling rn. I'll never forget all the memories I have with you. Rest in peace I love you bro.
love ? french people? thumping beats? y'all missing out on a treat at
haven't listened to trev rich in a minute. Tomorrow I shall
\": Whenever I ask someone to hang out I always preface it with \"wana do something dumb\"\" except me
You can tell that the USA is playing with how dramatic the crowd is
Wonder how he's breathing? This is soccer not swimming
Only one person hugged me on Friday too. That's no fun. Caution, I'm suffering severe hug deprivation, not contagious but it's dangerous.
Winter is coming, thank fucking god
When people tell me to shut up &lt;&lt; \n You don't understand I will punch you in the throat!
Lebron, you tight or naw?
Sounds like has a pricing problem. Ex. 's 3 is $30 for a 90 day rental. sells it digitally for $30.
As I reminisce never forgot when I was very broke, shot the henny straight cuz I couldn't afford to cop the cherry coke
Withe the defeat of Mexico and now Greece, my cuisine-based World Cup system has entirely collapsed.
I'm pretty sure these jawdins i'm ruining by walking around lake merrit are worth more than the hidden cash.
I don't think humans are capable of being monogamous
Cool sports trivia: the old Shea Stadium hosted the first outdoor rock concert held at a sports stadium. 1965, the Beatles. 55,000 people.
I've been doing squats for the past 3 months and I still have mom legs. Come onnnnn
Wow. Crazy driver lol xD that's was embarrassing :b
And I can admit I fucked over a couple if \"good\" niggas but sht you live and you learn and you gotta move on
\"Scabies\nRabies\nBabies \n\nWhy do the scariest things in life rhyme?\"\n\n -my coworker, M.S.Dunckley
Padres have a reliever named Quakenbush and suddenly this game makes sense as a Marx Bros tribute.
I'm subtly telling you to makeout with me.
Life is too short not to tell the ones you care about how you feel.
Dis white bitch had the fuckin nerve to call me a nigger when she the one payin the surgeon for her lips to get bigger
Watched those PKs in a Greek restaurant gathered around an iPad with mostly Greek staff.
\": I wanna take a cold shower\" go take a shower then
Keep looking in the mirror. Make sure no ones behind us
Just finished late night yoga -feeling really spiritual right now maybe I should walk home.
quality blunt wraps, now wheres the nug
If everyone wants the same relationship what makes yours unique?
My back hurts and I'm crying
A massage would be everything right now.
Lol even nobody ass niggas will switch up after you show them off in public and on these social networks
what's everyone doing tn I need to go out
...It's a list of recommendations for how (and why) to transition to a rural\/wilderness life ...
I'm just really happy about what and I spent the last 10 minutes doing.
debating when the most appropriate time to start drinking is...
So I'm reading a book from a library and chapters 12-17 are missing but replaced by pages from another book but they were printed this way.
I ain't no hipster but I'll make you're hips Turnnnn
The us coach right now .... Is like fuck ... I should have brought this nigga Donavon ...
Like, I guess my identifier now is \"club girl\" since I'm being asked to portray one in a music video. It's fine
Come on I Can't Believe You Guys Are Really Letting The Tie !! Can We Getting Some Better Playing
Nothing is better than driving a car that is loud as hell and is a 5 speed while blasting music at 2 am. Until u have work the next morning
I fell in love with the weather here
About to pack up my shit and head to Buffalo. I need to get away for a little bit..
Tim Howard is a BEAST!!!
GOAL GOAL GOAL!
CASILLAS SAL DE ESE CUERPO.
Got me good
7268 7268 7268 pllzzzz
3 me lack. Cow has three beast feet.
Holidays during summer don't exist in the business I'm in
Next is EDC LV for that ass
my mom made me take off my glasses cause she thought I was high .. no ma
Transformers 4!!!! Simply thee most epic movie I've seen in the last two years!
can't wait any longer to get these brownies
It really is time I stop playing
Someone take me to Bart from Tracy tomorrow so I can hangout with my brothers and sister
She won't open them. \"I'm proud of you guys for taking the test,\" quote end quote
Broken nose Dempsey
this lisp has got to go
Can anyone over the age of 30? Physically? Seriously, tho.
stomach aches will be the death of me
What's the point of mags if you never bust em
The nigga aint shittttttttt
They going crazy again lmao
I wanna go get a drink...
it's a slippery slope....first there's gay pride then there's gay wrath......vote for me
WAT DA FAAAAAAX!!' GOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLL!!!
Dang that game should have actually been 1-1. If that dude didn't make his own goal
And I said well I got a car and she said well that's something
Everyone was cool like 2 days ago what happened? Lol
10:45 and I'm ready to tailgateeee
Dat kush be my stress relief
Kutless - Promise of a Lifetime&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
do you agree?\nbeen a long time coming, this thing between you + me\ni think i need to let it goooo
I am to lazy to buy lashes
I want moes OMGG
Fucking beautiful day in New York.
You don't know half the stuff I've been through.
somewhat glad i have another year in hills idk what to do with my life yet lol
If my sister isn't here within the next minute or so, I'm just going to leave her...
Wine changes mood \nVodka changes thinking \nBourbon changes company\nTequila changes Zip Code \n
There was a reason that I was supposed to stay home &amp; clean today... Just got home &amp; now I realize why it was so important. Where's my bed?
Seeing progress is the best
You know what's awkward as fuck? When Facebook adds all these contacts to your phone and you accidentally FaceTime them.
Hahahahaha funniest moment of my life
Like did you faint because I replied back
Women are seen as the crazy ones for having natural emotions. Blows my mind .
On the road
K thats cool fuck you too
Graham Zusi \/ Clint Dempsey \/ Tim Howard \/ Kyle Beckerman... pretty much all of can get it.
You know... I'm kinda careless about a lot of things, but the only thing that I seem to get OCD over is planning.
Isn't praying kind of counter-productive if \"free will\", as a concept, cannot be interfered?
What has the nba become where you are allowed to trade coaches now
I have dreams of where I'm suppose to be they call them shits prophecies
maybe i would be rich if someone paid me every time i fucked up something
no one has secrets this day and age
Turns out the one who I thought had my back was also the one who stabbed it.
I think I quit my job today...
Nothing that's what we both are living to die. Were all trying to make it somewhere, reach our goals, and have a good life.
Now I love Mary Poppins... It only took me 5 years to actually watch it
Don't lose who you are, in the blur of the stars.
Well would you look at that! The test results are in and it has confirmed that you're a... THOT
Happy Faja's Day!
I hate when everyone plays the same thing out
That was a legitimate quote by my 9 year old sister
\"Sepa que soy caballero aunque mi aspecto es el de un vago\"
It kind of ups the ante to have Robert Polito following you. Good to see you !!
Just took a non-awkward selfie
its the mothafuckin d-o double g
It doesn't even feel like the 4th if July tbh ..
I just had an amazing night with my BIG sis thanks again love dinner was GREAT!!!!!!
And here I thought someone had their sprinklers on or some shit lmfao
This is what I get for doing cardio and only cardio haha
someone pick me up off my bed and take me to get water and pee and buy me food
I have the best boyfriend , hands down
It's past her bed time tbh
Damn peace Jozy
Camp beat the shit out of me I've never been so tired
I'm not even hungry but I want to eat, um ok
Hug it out boys
A lot of you kids are raised bohemian.
\": enamorarme de ti es un gusto k no me kiero dar\"
Lol I literally just said what I just RT'ed
I'm already at rock bottom maybe I should just date the guy who asks me out every time I go to Bergen bagels
This game is so boring. Waste of time
Money is a game - win som\/lose some. You get to keep the experiences and anecdotes.
Religious liberty of BUSINESSES apparently greater than that of the American people that work for them. Hm.
Does riding Church Road count as \"going to church\" this gorgeous morning? Wildlife tally: goats, cows, sheep, woodchuck, &amp; fox.
The Godfather Part II video game was so ill-I have to watch the movie now.
Within seconds!!! Dempsey!!!!!
Kinda wanna be left alone
\"pain is meant to be felt
\": I don't care about the internet\"\nLaugh out loud
No matter how different you may think someone is... All them fuckers are the same.
Turn off the lights...light a candle
had a nice, chill day with my sons. satisfied
spent more than half my life on a baseball field and sum1 who's nvr picked up a glove in their life tries to tell me abt the sport ,just no.
Anna and her parents are arguing in the car and I'm just listening to music looking at the window bc awkward and I'm trying not to laugh
making plans to hike mission peak in Friday at 2 in the morning with
People get mad when you do what they've been doing for so long SMH. Let's see how you handle.
And she's vague
Big E emancipated his straps and won the match. Now he's gonna be Mr. USAuh!
I should have been redeemed, for every second chance, that changed it's mind on me
Even tho I dont have EVERYTHING I want im thankful for what I have. My family, education, a job, a beautiful home. Thank you god.
I need to wear sunscreen. I'm getting so dark :(
You're a giant fucker
It's my fucking nose. Let me liveeeeeeee
HE SAID \"it's a guy who doesn't hang out with girls but I hang out with them so I'm not a virgin\" LMFAOOOO
I hate having no one I can go to for advice
Love is about forgiveness
Gon get my 4th tat prolly week after next.
This would be a great time to put in Landon Donovan....
What. A. Strike.
Listening to the relationship problems being discussed at the next table is exhausting me.
Bruh what are these people saying?!
I wanna play soccer again. And find a new job. And be in school. I want it all.
\": August isn't that cute to me for some reason\" omg rt
Still too late to add Landon Donovan?
I didn't really watch it because I didn't finish the episode. I just saw people watching it and I thought it wasn't bad
Savi's asleep and I'm really lonely
You know a game's intense when the team you're crying for isn't even yours. Yes Costa Rica!!
Cause every thug needs a lady
The one karaoke night I don't go to and I hear najuch dolanski and divo are there
Im legit about to pass out very soon from that workout
I cameeeee oh shit baby my bad
I was there for you\nIn your darkest times\nI was there for you\nIn your darkest night\nBut I wonder where were you\nWhen I was at my worst
Feeling like I don't give a fuck about chemistry
BREAKING: Gavin Hamilton Wins Edinburgh Pentlands Senate Seat by 10% margin. He is speculated to be new Liberal Democrat Senate Leader.
How does one deal with the outrage that is NO peanut butter at home??
You purposely piss me off
i didnt even get to say goodbye
Just wanna move to VA n live with
On 7th ave looking at times sq it's like the holidays have begun in full swing
I need a day with my girls
I found a freakin parking space in NYC!!
Ginobili is going to work!!!! Beast mode!!
A \"You've Got Time\" &amp; \"Islamic Call to Prayer\" mashup in your head means you should get out more, right?
You say you can't have cake and eat it too...but ain't that what you supposed to do?
Bunch or married people at work discussing whether one should date for fun or date to marry? What do you think?
My moms in a phase where she keeps throwing away all of our furniture and I'm running out of places to sit
I pray yall both trolling \": She surpassed her.\": Jhene Aiko is our generation Sade\"\"
Think Like A Man 2 wasn't better than the first one..
Detoxing all the negativity from my pores. Aka this steam room.
I love u n Hillary so much
sorry I didn't favorite every single one of your tweets since December 2012...
Geddes Little League it's been a great ride. 7 amazing years at the best little league around. Sad to see it come to an end but that's life.
I wanna make love in this club~~
I have to come up with a good facebook post for the end of my semester abroad experience lol .... I'll do it when im actually home tho
I Really Want Kids. Boy Or Girl. 100 Of Them So I Can Have 100 Friends And No One Can Say No To Being My Friend.
Got so much songs on my phone but keep the same 5 on repeat lmao
I've got the feeling between you and I. I've got hungry eyes.. Or is it oh real eyes?
Resilient (adj) The ability to bounce back after change or adversity.
My mom literally walked in my room bc she thought I was crying.... It was on my tv....
Mother on Simon Cowell: \"Simon-something, he's a toughie!\"
It ain't hard to see that I'm doin my thing
I liked DD's tweet and she instantly texted me to chill
Rollin up to Stanford campus with a Cal shirt on
So lucky to have the friends I do.
This IRS Commissioner Koskinen should be sent out for rendition. How did public servants become so arrogant.
I Feel Like People Throw Around The Word Ignorant Too Much Not Knowing What It Actually Means. Which Is Kind Of Ignorant.
Like why the fuck do you want to hit a soccer ball with your head those things are not light. Things I'll never get
Well going back to school tomorrow. A lot has been going on that list do this.
Being rude won't get you anywhere .
Currently listening to loud dance songs.... So I can stay up
How the fuck do sea monkeys work?
I had every intention to do laundry and then I sat down.
Hopefully I can fall asleep tonight
Bet y'all all the money I got Paris Hilton fuckin tn
Why is it so hard to find a pool stick??!??
One more candy crush invite and I'm gonna assassinate Mark Zuckerberg
Hate Lewin &amp; David for that
I wish I had the motivation to get toned
Sara and I are sleeping with our connected door open tonight let's see how that goes.....
The thing I hate most is that I walk into a room full of people when I wake up who bitch and put me in a bad mood so fuck you all
Tappan zee traffic is the worstttt
U so squishy ... u don't even know
Nothing beats Walgreens' candy deals.
I was such a bad person back then
Why is this all hitting me now? Can't help but wonder if I made the right decision or not
Collin gets pissed cuz I like black guys, and he feels \"racially inadequate\".
Played too many games.
I think I just heard some chick get murdered on the levee behind my apartments... Again
Costa Rica saved football tonight
Sanchez just be dancin n prancin lol
I swear NIKKO and Stevie J is brother
Dempsey might have taken a hit but he is back on the pitch!
My son drake bodied the language
New head unit for my truck?... Or...... 1,000 rounds for my ar15 hmmmmm decisions decisions
But these mothers literally bending at the waist putting CDs into the TV sets idk how they do it hahaha
How tf do you hate the grateful dead!?
im afraid you'll meet somebody new &amp; there wont be any feelings for me left.
\"Whats your email address?\"\n\"It was my alter ego!\"
LETS FUCKING GOOOO CLINT DEMPSY
I will eat anything besides mushrooms and grapefruit.
Need a car some dope ppl some dope music and a lot of drugs and no destination for the perfect road trip
not that having good sad songs is any better ksjdhgfg
you weigh like 90 pounds why are you trying to lose weight?
i like to think that we had it all. we drew a map to a better place but on that road i took a fall. oh baby why did you run away ?
\"Here's spying on you kid.\"
If I find out I have a test when I get to soc. today, I'm walking in there &amp; literally walking right back out all in one motion
Only 5 tweets left. Quitting this twatter stuff at 2k.
If i aint the greatest then im headin for it
at the isles draft party. I'm a caps fan.
FuUuUuUuck imma be up for dayyyzzzz
So psyched for the end of the summer to look at the difference from day 1, and also to put it to use on the basketball court.
Lets go USA
When you go to the end of your Instagram feed
The goal is to see the World... Twice!
I know that ass you got, come with attitude and ya swag girl
TLC Extreme Cheapstake is just sad lml.
KRHV 152347Z 31008KT 10SM SKC 26\/12 A2981
These guys make this look way too easy
Mid evening karaoke sesh.... At home.
Hey come to the citizen show so we can meet finally k thanks
It must suck being an ugly guy . There's really no fix besides makeup which is controversial. Sooo must suck. I wonder what shvet uses..?
Off to sign the lease on my new apt! Hello again UES!
USA USA U-S-A
memorial at w\/ Tim Berne, Steve Bernstein, Anthony Coleman, Dave Douglas, Annie Gosfield, Marc Ribot and more...
Sucks I missed Fall out boy with paramore
Yeah we all have our differences but at the end of the day we can all come together as one and say fuck Nick Cannon
Such a joke
Who knew he still had bounce
Says I'll kick your ass in tonight
Only in soccer they wheel out the stretcher for a pulled hammy
I don't trust anyone with anything of mine.
Got a few ol habits life..
Guys, I got two favorites in one day. WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THIS LOVE?! Do- do I masturbate?
I feel like I'm waiting for something that's not gonna happen...
Omgg I'm so Fuckin stupid !!!!!
That's a wrap folks
Ronaldo has done goofed
Golden Showers????! ....... NO NO NO! Not that! They cross the biggest line of them all.
Congratulations to Vanderbilt on winning the 2014 College World Series...
Ok i just gave you some great food, beautiful grills, and even awesome bats for 4\/4! What else would you need? Support USA!
Great to see Grandy Man swinging a hot bat as of late.
not that i don't like you i'm just tryna partyy
there's never anything fun to dooo :'( being able to drive doesn't make more activities exist.
Wait fuck wave her down I don't want mayonnaise
You don't know what You don't know what you don't know what to do
If they don't hire anyone, they're losing the best worker in the store.
Feeling nice right now tr yna knock out.
Ya this collars popped cause I'm the fuckin man
Why doesn't animal planet have shows about animals anymore?
Gol de . Imaginen si el patio el partido era aburrido...
Fuck this 3-12 shift every Friday
Ain't no such thing as Satan. Evil is what you make it
Cars with eyelashes on headlights ...... WHY
U S OF A
I can't make you into what I want you to be.
I ate like a fucking fiend the past few days
Welp. Didn't do any cleaning when I got home. So. I'll be spending half of tomorrow doing that...
Turbo says he wants them to. That scene is deep.
Woke up to royalty
Can't wait to be in the city tomorrow
\": lol you're redskins fan at heart awww\" kill yourself. Never that
Finally catching up on today's matches. Beautiful pass from to ! Way to go, !!!
I wish you weren't such a dick head because you're like one of the funniest people I've ever met *kanye shrug*
The difficult ones show up for a reason
Let's get lost at sea where they will never find us
I'm sorry but who puts peppermint in a Starbucks refresher?????
\": I don't mess with spiders\"
Just went from listening to The Story So Far, to Ray Charles. Sure
Chocolate milk at 2:46 AM...Why not??
don't be mad cause I'm doing me better then you doing you
I'm so down to go on a late night adventure right now
Has the rebounding economy helped the t-shirt cannon companies because they're about 2% of our GDP?
Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck
Oh wait I'm the only one awake lol
THESE REFS OMFG!!!!
Dancing in a booth with were so dope
Wait, I thought this was San Antonio vs Miami? Looks like San Antonio vs Cleveland
When i say 15 minutes late I think it's obvious I mean 15 minutes later than the 5-10 minutes late that I would've been anyways.
My goal still out there, I am closer but will not know till it I'd done.
OMGGGGGGGG, YAS BITCH!!
no les pasa que estan haciendo un trabajo pero es muy largo y solo quieren dormir entonces entran en desesperacion y lloran
Sad Sad Day In The Baseball World Today.
How do I find the people I blocked on here ?
I'm going through it man my body in so much pain
I'm watching this man lift with his girlfriend with paralyzed legs. Just curious how they have sex
Over 700,000 swings captured and analyzed in the past 30 days
Cops out here deep, vineland, Millville &amp; Bridgeton all for gouldtown
Portugal about to turn up lol
Four Year Strong are playing a new song for the first time. Pretty in line with their previous material - fans should dig it.
1 minute and already a goal
Some very interesting commentary in Thursday's around 's resignation and the main reason why he decided to quit.
My body all cramped up and I don't know why. Smh.
Lmfao bettman to the boos-\"isnt this suppose to be the city of brotherly love\"
There comes a point in your life when your realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will.
How! Whooooooooo Jones with that heat
Do get food or to not get food
Looks like Lebron MENTALLY threw towel in. Last 5-8 minutes no passion. Fire. Hope. It's all been stricken, from those \"old guys\" in white
Everybody is going to hurt you; you just have to find the ones worth suffering for
ima be sloppy cryin and allat snot and everything idc lol
GO AMURRICA! And yes I only care about soccer during the world cup
Lmaoo isma didn't know what was to impeach a president
i want to give this font a swirly and a wedgie at the same time
Clint is a crafty little guy
You're so ugly not even Tim Howard could save your face.
DAMN... first goal by in under a minute
HOLY SHIT LOL
There's no place I hate being more than around my family.
\": It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. ~J. K. Rowling\"
We go 0 to 100 nigga real quick
baby let's face it I'm not into dating..
I want to talk shit because there is nothing on tv
Parker is killing it!
If it doesn't seem like the right time to make a move, don't worry, there's nothing wrong with stillness.
I still can't believe how many of my idles I saw yesterday. Like damn.
When that whole 'rap' section happened in Departures opening in Vegas and I went full blown ratchet.
I wanted them olive Qasas but like 4 people i know copped so fuck that shit
Ima Brooklyn girl so if you look in my face and don't say nothing ima mug you for the rest of your life.
My couch pillow wall is pretty impressive
She just wanna have a good day, smoke more weed than a guy in LA...
\": Just hoping one day you realize that you lost a great girl\" yasssssssss Livier
The sad part is I saw that coming
I NEED ARIANA TO FOLLOW ME
I don't get the obsession with pretty lights
Mayte doesn't want the love cause if she did she would try to make it work!\n
Got a big booty so I call her big BOOTY
Paula deAnda song walk away is my life rn
Tweeting from a landing plane.
Girls can never call guys thirsty again EVER
Wanted to sleep 4 hours ago
If God can change my life around He can change Yours around
But to each his own, I ain't tripping long as I can reach the chrome\nHeat your home like Southern California Gas, police pass
where can you get zero calorie mexican food
Can I just stay in bed all day and not move? That would be ideal.
We hear more about Nancy's children then about the case at hand! ?
If both of your contact lenses have the same prescription, we have beef. You don't know true struggle. I do not respect you.
If I could take a screenshot without him knowing that would be lovely lmao
So happy to hear that Curt Schilling is in !!
Pro Players, If you are making a team change or have thoughts on other moves being made let me know and we'll line up some interviews!
Talking about someone I used to care about.
Ppl be like \"you so loud, rude, disrespectful and ignorant\" i jus smile n say \"ima Brooklyn nigga....its wat i do..Thanku for noticing\"
Uncle Joe Biden just drew a louder applause than the Dempsey goal.
This whole day is fucking annoying and I want to go to bed
Busing sells on the fone that's a easy case
I swear this girl is crazy.
Tired but not tired at the same time
I'm pretty sure if I dressed how I wanted I would scare a lot more people than I already do.
take a breath reflect on what we've been through or am i just going crazy cause i miss you?
My and is and . always a worthwhile endeavor.
I wanna go to the beach at night and burn and talk shit on the world
airport security is terrifying i'm convinced that i've committed a heinous crime just by being in the same space as them
I don't like ha hair
What anime should I watch rn
Some chicks think cuz they bad or got the cake they don't gotta do nothing during sex. Don't get it twisted alot of bad bitches sex game wak
my goals in life include learning to ride a unicycle and getting banned from a country.
Someone at home came up on my green apple swisher when I was gone. Okay so it's like that. Ima find you motherfucker.
Why does no one like malia she's so funny I like her
NAWALA NA ANG GANA JABLEG NA YAN EH
If you think will win today. Retweet this. Let's see how far this can go!
I caint believe I have tomorrow off witch means I will be drinking a large amount of alcohol tonight
I'm gonna start telling people fuck you when I'm mad at them because that seems to the best way to just end it
remember when games done quick raised enough money to get smash mouth to eat the eggs and guy fieri \ncooked them. My fav gdq \nMometn
I just crushed 4 hours of time in a half and 10 hours of triple time cause of the holiday
True confession: I have the same violent rage tendencies towards Tms Sq characters as I do to the people who stand in subway doors
New draft beer today!
When Bradley holds my hand when he sleeps (':
I speak Fluently in Movie Quotes
Going to work early too watch videos...
for your feelings there's no place, but you knew that from the start
Amazing opening score by vs \/ Go Team
a 6'5\" man just rollerbladed past me on the sidewalk in my neighborhood. fitness &amp; the 90s apparently never sleep.
Zach and Shelby are actual idiots
Everyone just needs to learn to keep their god damned mouths shut and to stop starting shit.
I shouldve went out there and see everyone go off to prom
there is an angry half dead fly in my room and it's messing with me
Few movies can compare to remember the titans
My father just gave me full on bios on each contestant on The Bachelorette.
Mazel Tov to on your ! Take your honeymoon with !
HATE when people read your kiks and don't reply . Tf
Wow raining on the 4 of July whatever I still have fun
I got hell shit to tell amri lol
I hate being in my house because I hate everyone in it
I don't even believe people swearing on their mother's life anymore, or God, since I chose to not believe in him either. Trust is annoying
Damn Dempsey!!!! USA!!!!
Starbucks should award stars just for being a good person
This nigga said your ruining my life I couldn't do nothing but laugh like I haven't spoke to you in two weeks what I do now
They did the law and order noise for a strike out. Amazing
LeBron = Quitter
Failure is just another stepping stone to greatness
Sabella clearly learned a lot at Leeds United in '81 that he has now passed on to . You're welcome.
You really can't chill with broke niggas too much cause that shit is a disease
You would think on a day like today I would want to get up and astray getting ready ... It's sad that sleep trumps graduating lol
Congrats to Vanderbilt that was a good ass game .
More of that please
But my cat gets cuter everyday.
Just a young white nigga tryna turn up in a wack city
Lmfao @ my last RT
I love me some
0 to 100 nigga real quick
Dang I really wanted to see 7 games
Good 1 for ! MT Movie geek in me is fascinatd by those who excel at 1 film role &amp; disappear. Wot happened?
Why can't I ever sleep when I need to most.....
BOSNIA BOSNIA BOSNIA BOSNIA!
These cheesy pretzals just saved my life
Darwin's a big cat but he moves like lighting! And he has the tendency to squeeze into tiny spaces.....
I WISH I COULD FIND MY DAMN BANDANA WITH THE BLUE STARS I WORE IT LIKE TWICE AND LOST IT
I don't think Twitter would be as fun if I was White
That's a red card but whatever I'm a hater
evitemos el contacto, se tu punto exacto
The new season of The Legend of Korra really boosted mine
What liverpool will earn if sold, impact on future performance if he is not at all this put together will drive the decision
My mom has started yelling at students like with Jason Bay in the outfield.
The people who aren't afraid to be themselves will always be remembered by everyone else. That's why I'm me.
Unless that person has a head constantly angles at 45 degrees then my tweet no longer applies
My finger is currently crying from being burned.
\": You can only try your best. And if they can't appreciate that, it's their fault, not yours.\"
My dad likes Elvin more than me now.. Aight
Okay I'm gonna go smoke and I think we have left over pizza.. Later
some guy had the confederate flag tied to the front of his Jeep
THAT SHOT BY JONES THE GODDDDDD GOALLLLLLLLLLL
My all time high. Sweet home Alabama finishing right as I get home after making every green light
Idk how to handle this situation do I break my phone in half?
Si a tu novia no le cae bien tu amiguita, no le hablas a tu amiguita. FIN.
When you try your best but you don't succeed, stuck in reverse.
Did em deadass just call me a grandma
When you caption a picture of yourself \"future soccer moms\", ya doin it wrong
MY BOY JONES KNOWS WHATS UP
How the fuck you feel I ain't gon.....
they put it in like belts, and necklaces, earrings, other kinds of jewelery, men's jewels like bolo ties, rings
They guarding Ronaldo like he Lebron
Okay so it just started raining mad hard out of nowhere like why
You ain't the same whenever drinks around
I fucks with him cause he actually did something about it, and wifed it..
fuhhh broke up with Donna! \n\nwhat is life :\/
ashanti better get off aug. lol
Cam probably won't call me so ima go work out so I can have a flat stomach lol
Case or Face? I like both of them to happen. Lol
lakers trying so hard , nobody tryna play there tho hahaha
The Lady at Subway gave me $0.37 so I gave her my number think she calls me?
I need to get a prescription for this sumac for reals
I didn't know friendship was based on a scoreboard.
Hahahaa taaapuni, pea tapu keke toe ava mai! Sa'a! Toki ava mai he osi ho'o puhi ta'e! Ctfu
Here at the desert
Worked 2-10 yesterday. 12am-7am this morning.. went to sleep at 4pm-6:30 &amp; now having to drive. Man shoot me.
blake griffin's brother played for the santa cruz warriors, that's cool.
Within seconds !
The hear are pulling something just like the rangers! One player is outstanding and the rest of the team is no help!
Costa Rica is the biggest surprise of this tournament! Awesome win, even after only having 10 men!
Cry? Or smile???? Hmm that's difficult after last night
My mom is the perfect example of the wife I want to be. Even though my dad shut her down completely, she still cooked him his favorite meal.
I can't chill with Michael I get annoyed so easily
Ha I retweet and favorite more than I actually tweet. Go figure
Honestly ive been clean for like 2 weeks
AND YOU STILL DONT GET THE FUCKING HINT. Lol sorry ur stupid
San Francisco Pride weekend was awesome. Thank you &amp; you're entire crew for killing it yet again w\/ 5th year!!!
Hey Ghana, stop hurting our players, you fucking fucks.
My Instagram is becoming a breeding ground for people's opinions. And we all know how I feel about other's opinions.
Late night arts n crafts
We were all here before the album has been released we've been here since the beginning and that's fucking awesome ily all
OoOoo but instead going to a bonfire
Why do doctors appointments always take hellllllaaaa long.
SEATTLE LOVE BABY
Unable to move from my bed
It's a love\/hate relationship going to my nanas bc she always makes so much food that I just can't stop eating
Let's go !
Do you want to go to the seaside?
Hey e$ thinkin I'm gunna change my name to \" your hubby's favorite Dj\"
\": Damn 8 hour shift and no time and a half.. wtf\" they stay doing that to new employees lol
\"The rain is actually helping to douse the buns.\" at the women's
One good girl is worth 1000 bitches.
Not even 8 and I'm shit faced
Usually it's just gym shorts, J's\/ Freeruns, and a T-shirt. Don't really try all that hard anymore unless I really want to
Please don't be a serious injury please
My snapchat stories take like 2 hours to post
I'm really missing New York already
.HOW DO U POKE SO FAST
For the Bohemians! Now pouring Pivo Pils
My oh my you're so good looking, but who are you when I'm not lookingg
any free links for miss carival??
POV switching.. how do you feel?
Right now dudes in hot dog suits are dancing to Led Zepplin's \"Cashmere\"
My dad is the funniest man on earth blood
Bad girls ain't no good... And the good girls ain't no fun
Or it's 80 poorly raised very sad children.
Can it be Friday , Saturday and Sunday already ?
Closing with tonight....who let this happen??
What a shotttt our efforts finally pay off lets get one moreeeeee
We're about John Wayne, Johnny cash and John Deere way out here
Hey friends if you wanna come over today that'd be totally cool but just know my house has zero food and there's a huge dog here
Never seen a decent movie on the syfy channel
exactly two weeks from now I'll be on a train I'm ok I'm ok
Lightning struck and I saw everything bright as day for good 2 Mississippi's... that's long as fuck for lightning holy tits
LOS QUE ME DAN FAMA NO PUEDEN DIFAMAME;
Robin thicke is trying to reach out to his ex wife in the wrong way
When people are around my door I get really nervous and jerk it, and that hurts sooo fucking bad
Eres lo que no puedo dejar....
Night swimming at my house be here or fuck off
There's nothing that I dislike more than talking during a massage.
he dont wife em' he one nights em'
Just asked my dad to take me to Nashville for the 500th time and he said he'll take me on August 5. He's not funny.
I as an American first am very angry, disgusted, and feel no one is paying for the damage done. Why is this acceptable?
Night night for me bc tired
This summer is gonna go by fast
I'd rather have strong relationships with fewer people, than weak relationships with more people.
Professionalism is one of the keys in success
I dislike people who are always indecisive. Make up your mind and stick to your decisions.
Damn I got allll Cs that's so much better that I thought I'd get
Incredibly excited for this weekend at &amp;b
GUYS IM BEFGING SOMEONE GIFT IT TO ME I CANT USE MY MOMS CARD AND I ONLY HAVE 81 CENTS ON ITUNES
I could feel there was more to be said than the small talk we were making... but I didn't know where to start.
pengeng cinco pambili ng puto sa mga tindera ng bitso-bitso
If you're feeling what I'm feeling let's mix it up. You got my number baby hit me up.
What do you tell bae when they're playing games? \"Night fam\"
I love my sports references
Only thing I dont like about this is the fake fans that go just cause its a dollar or to brag on social nets.. They take up space..
My life is really like the mob, you really do have to get initiated
My dada solved everything by serving you a glass of water.\n-You crying? here, drink some water.\n-You just got shot? here, drink some water.
\": My communication skills are severely lacking.\" Mine too
J. Cole and his lyrics can get it.ill let him rap to me while we getting it lmao nfs
Gotta work the 4th. At least I get time &amp; a half.
Can't seem to catch a break
Because days come and go but my feelings for you are forever
Don't say I'm better off dead, \n'Cause heavens full and hell won't have me
NJ in the AM then DC in the PM
I will eat everything on this menu fer 4 days
I am up to two dance classes a week and contemplating starting tap. A new addiction is born
She doesn't give me Sade at all! RT : Jhene Aiko is our generation Sade
When did being alive and healthy stop being enough to make us happy?
When this iphone 6 coming out my phone not even gonna last me not even a month.
Late night car rides got me feelin' some type of wayyy
Idk about you but I kinda like not remembering certain things .
Im so mad at my mom for leaving red in my hair
In honor of this generally beachy-cookout friendly holiday, the restaurant will be closed.
Old Taylor is the best Taylor
I was going to eat dinner like an hour ago but I went into a fit of rage when I found out Joe ditched the squad
Dude at the train station just asked me if I'm on Facebook taking someone's man
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN BABY. LETS GOOOOO
This dude next to me on the train, probably well in his 40s-50s is causally watching Black butler. ANIME IS FOREVER!!!!!
I'll never understand why Baldwin likes my house
Putain de co de merde qui crash toutes les 2min.
That is what you call a good game
Hi I'm Jess Nelson and I'll tweet but I'll ignore all my group chat messages
The girl from south that's a porn star is on vivid radio....
Thank god dhe sounds the same in person
Don't like my opinion? Stop trying to reinforce your's, stupid ass video
\"Greece got CONCACAF'ed\" best line of the night
I don't even eat to get full I just eat to get that annoying \"ugh I'm hungry feed me\" feeling out of my stomach
Tarzan is my all time fave Disney movie
SO EXCITED TO EAT WAFFLEHOUSE AND SEE MONUMENTS AND STUFF
With scaled, rutans success with a rubber hybrid in a shortened flight test program to win a prize led him down the wrong path for a decade.
Parker woke up ..its a wrap now
Like who da heck is you thinking you can tell me whats right and what wrong?
I just choked on my drink. James Neal has been TRADED TO NASHVILLE!? NOOOOO
I think time actually does move slower for
Good God, Beckerman is taking a beating tonight
Wow, I can't believe that actually worked. And so well too.
Honestly I kind of had a feeling this would happen again. I shouldn't be surprised
Maybe I will wake up tomorrow and I will find out that followed me :)
Remember the time you painted my nails while at the register lmao
The amount I've procrastinated this paper is awful considering it's the only thing I've had to do in a week...
I gotta start investing myself in the right things.
Didn't know a hurricane was in the forecast for tonight
I have a boner
I got my complete auto attendant up with to cell phones w &amp; for like
BRUH its too hot to wear a ie faikaga. ...
My little cousin thinks calling someone mayonnaise is an insult. Umm okay then
Shane Battiers last professional game. Will miss watching him play
Pretty sad i have to work during the game tom
Won't you stay with me? Cause you're all I need
Am I part b\/c I like having fun &amp; having plants &amp; animals?
SHOUTOUT TO THE BIG HOMIE ON HOODRICH RADIO RIGHT NOW ON BRO
shout out to for getting a tweeeeeeter
Come right now you know where I stay
Theyre going to ruin Looking For Alaska like can they not make the movie
keeeeeep forgetting texas is 2 hours ahead
You are VALUED! You matter! Join Monday at 9:00pm EST for ONLY 30 Minutes! Call 1(857)232-0157;Code- 356888
people who do your emojis but say the same damn things every time&lt;
Might be the most epic thing I've ever seen
People having after prom parties.....It's almost 1:30 am and I hear music outside.
And what's an Angel with a missing Halo
Never knew there would so much people on the road at 3am
Stop it o h m y g o d
I don't know what to do with myself whenever I get like this I can't text my friends because they're all prob sleeping like normal people
We have the dopest away kits dont @ me
!! What an awesome set of PKs. Navas, that was sick
Did Greta just give up she's a liberal? Nancy Pelosi fundraising emails....hum...
3 HOURS UNTIL THE QUEEN IS 21
When did I become Eric Forman
The only place \" Turn down for what\" should be played is in Bosnian night clubs
Howard is clutching it in goal
Running to the gym, gettin my lift on...then running back...kill 2 birds w one stone, y not?!?
Quiero una novia RT. &amp; Somos novios :$
Damn I Was Waiting on That call
Bey&amp;Jay finna give us some OTR tour teas.
I love having friends who plan things on impulse. Nothing is ever planned more than an hour in advance
I wanna go out and buy something cute for Brad Paisley so someone should come with me
One year ago tmrw I saw an angel that changed my life
Can't wait for the summer so I can bike with every one. It's so fun!!!
Ray needs to hurry up and feel better
Anyone up to talk to? Feel like i need to talk to someone
I tied flannels around my waist before it was cool. Just sayin.
People don't care about other peoples credit but when it's there own niggas be ready too fight
I don't take Chem and I'm already failing it
I gotta make my family proud . I gotta make my dreams a reality .
I wish there were types of friends with benefits where instead of fucking, you could cuddle with them and kiss them and watch movies.
Just asked my boss for a raise on some G shit... I'm not no little kid
.1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n.1mil\nPlease\nLove\nYou
QUE GOLASO!!! WHAT A GOAL!!! USA! USA!
Totally seeing How to Train Your Dragon with
Always have a positive mind set and you'll find yourself happier than ever
looking forward to seeing &amp; perform tonight
I don't know how to change who I am
Do you ever find yourself sucking dick and ask yourself 'how did I end up here?'
Kinda all went downhill when bungie sold the franchise to 343....and IW to treyarch... Still depressing
I'm so happy I have dvr.. I would have been so upset if I didn't get to watch Teen Wolf.
Just saw bieber in his lambo in the tunnel
Why am I the only one on the bus stop there's supposed to be like 5819195 middle schoolers
I think Snowpiercer later today is going to give me all the fireworks I need
Can someone fucking kill me real fast
Be careful what u say to others, that shit really affects people.
There has got to be one person in this hospital that can get me a xanax. I can't deal with the anxiety waiting for this kid anymore aghhh
I miss the Mons yo lmao
My dad better buy ice cream because I'm in the mood for ice cream.
HIS NOSE ISNT GOING TO BE CLEAN, ITS GOING TO BE PRETTY DAMN FUCKING BLOODY
A little bit of summer's what the whole year'a all about
nothing like spending a super productive day shopping
Grammy.. ? She Jumping The Gun
Update: mom only took me bowling so she could tell me that we are moving without feeling guilty.
Who's hookin me up with a ride across town
Tweet: going to detox this week, no alcohol, lol unless someone buys me a drink!
Cement just fell outta my nose..reminded me that I still need to showa!!
It makes me pissed off when kids swear at their parents
At work I packaged up like 10 checkered shirts to ship to someone in Columbus and was shocked they weren't addressed to
I'm chill off hella shit for a cool minute lol
my eyeball is gonna pop out of my socket
my house is a prison.
ITS BLOODY BRILLIANT
\": I either dress super girly and pretty or I dress like a 40 year old man that hasn't gotten out of bed in 2 months.\"
\"Let me work here, at this island of misfit toys.\"
Ayeee go look at wendy williams show tonight on b e t i was there
As good as Kirby looked in the first two innings, I felt like we swung in some three ball counts. Hoping to bust it open here.
Wait my hair is so soft
You're honestly so pathetic to keep lying to me, shows how much you \"care\" lol
Lol Joseline page must've got hacked .
Would I ever talk to you once again
Played doc with my baby sister for about an hour to help her feel better
That's y my wrestling niggas be doing great things
\"I don't think she's digging him\" - my dad eating nuts watching the bachelorette
Damn it Jozy
There are not enough girls named Candy in the world to justify the number of songs written about them.
I've been gone for a year and it feels like I never left
Watching some bp before
Fake it till you make it
I feel bad for Tracy McGrady!! He could've gotten this ring
College Oriantation and I'm up early and have literally nothing to do for the next 2 1\/2 hours... Fuck!
Time to get back into the flow of things. Already missing the lake, mountains, and fresh air!
I missed something on twitter last night damn it
Fair today? I think so!
I hate doctors so freaking much
There are two types of people. 1: Those who use the metric system and 2: those who've been to the moon.
Your body's a dream that turns violent and that's the way I like it
Can I please have Jen Selter's body please
Fastest goal in history for the ! What an amazing start!!!
Once upon a time on the same side in the same game
Lew Ford drops a fly ball with 2 outs and 3 runners on. All 3 score, batter to 2B. Not gonna get back to MLB that way, Lew.
I leave NY in a week and I can't wait to get the fuck out
lol wait my dad is just as big of cunt as my mom is
I need to meet new people more often, it's a lot more fun then the same old shit all the time.
I've always wondered why the NFL doesn't turn soccer players into kickers
If we're having a good time, don't kill my mood with your sentimental bs.
Cleaning boats for 6 hours was not the business
wena se enojo por una pelotudes , yo la tendria que odiar a ella entonces
this niggas out doing what he does best..... lol
Whyyyyyy won't my body let me fall back to sleep!
Gol de panza
I thought I'd grow out my hair, to see if you'd notice.
Common whole album better be about black kids getting killed at a war zone ratein his city
Ella guardaba una gran historia de lagrimas y gritos silenciosos que solo ella,la luna y Dios sabia.
Everything would be so much easier if I had my license
Looks like it's not text serena back Sunday
Game over. Pack it up. Good game
Ain't no one waking up at 8 to go to randolph during my summer break.
when people post a selfie and make it their avi on every social media it's like damn bitch you must think you look fine af there
Aw, my dad got into his first social media fight MMMMMNM Cutie...
I wonder how many people muted tonight
Don't sleep in football! Great shot from Jones.
Seriously stopped a movie to make tacos and quesadillas oh
Being young is full of choices that are very important
Niggas really just went to swim at the beach at 11 at night
This stretch mark shit is getting me a little annoyed..no one asked to get them. As long as she is pretty and treats you amazing why judge?
Jermaine Jones' goal though was mighty sexy.
Dang Amity chirped me
\": Ready for 1pm Vigil 4 Bradley Ballard, organized by outside Bronx DA's office! - I'll be there!!
Dawn of the Planet of the Kittens
talking is cheap and your lies were expensive
Is a Soundgarden 2011 tour shirt cool? I'm stuck here
She knows me like a book, its to easy to read my ass
HUGE shoutout to for preaching that Carmelo Anthony's perfect spot is in Dallas.
Oh dear. One day we wanna work things out the next we don't. This is annoying
The camera man be on super zoom all in a nigga face
Working in the garage when I get a phone call from saying she has a surprise for me.
My day off tomorrow is going to be amazing
Bout to have my headphones in for this whole class
Y ahora que me voy me das la luna sobre el mar.
Act like a child get treated like a child
I've been in the tub since 930... And I have no intention of getting out any time soon...
Left my iPod in El Segundo.
I wanna be the one to make you the happiest but hurt you the most
now this game is gonna be too fucking intense
I love love love studying nutrition but I wish I could ENJOY A FUCKING COOKIE
With Germany playing against USA at NINE tells me they are NOt going to beat USA tomorrow
What time is it? It
Will any of my friends that say that are down to visit me going to actually visit me ?
I am literally so confused?? I feel like I just woke up from death too.
god dammit if I see that picture of Bart Simpson as camron one more god damn time
Im fcking done! u.u im getting to my limit, one more step closer and my kindness will be gone...
scored! .... Game ain't over
;Mums; The Word(O)
Capitilized the C in my last since everyone seems to forget it
There's nothing worse than a kid who knows they are more intelligent than others and uses it as a means to make fun of others
Its based on the notion there will be temptation to have premarital sex. Lol
Sabes algo , quedate con mi habitacion yo me voy a otra
Armageddon always makes me cry
less than a minute!!!!!
PERSON THE PLANET? Really Kelsey omg I'm mad at myself now and I'm not deleting it cause it's too late
I'm gonna kms OMG why an I awake
she geekn she tweakin she high off the molly.
Whenever me and Kira tg somebody always gotta call the cops
What's with this kermit the frog memes though
Got a few spots for creek tomorrow hitttt meeeeeee up
Lock and load, boys
My mom doesn't know how batman sounds cuz she \"never got into that stuff\"......we're no longer related.
The lady at sweet mango just asked if I really eat four rolls by myself .....
Why is my phone flipping a shit
Don't ever give someone that power where they have that control over you. You gotta let em know where they crossed the line
Mom and I rolling a ...ball of yarn
I'm so comfortable with where I'm at in life.
Stuck on the tarmac for over an hour at . Just want to go home to my
My mom just told me that she started smoking parliaments because she liked the way the pack looked in her bag
Stop revining Rickey Thompson nobody wants to see that gay shit
Wondering if I should rename my twitter handle to \"Gigi Says\" (a la' \"Simon Says\"...)
\"if you retrieve your feelings , does it mean you never gave them ?\"
\": Thank God I'm practically going to college for free\"!!!
In with the body !!!!!!!! It's going crazy here haha
Pharell gotta chill wit these hats
Lol the freeway is what I meant
Sometimes I laugh with god about how you can't stop me
But I ain't going to trip about it lmao.
I am as sweet as sugar when I want to be, its cute and scary lol
But I'm just Domo, ion know or be talkin bout shit foreal..
Lady asked for $1 so she could get beer as part of trying to get off vodka. I declined. She said it's ok since she gets disability tomorrow
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!!!!
It's been a year and a half ...
Almost had a heart attack on my run because of a deer
Lol what's the channel for the bet awards
Elevator -&gt; one who elevates. Escalator -&gt; one who escalates
I would rather be anywhere else than this rehearsal right now.
Back to square one...
ask me if I'm alright ? nigga is you blindddddd.
THAT WAS IT OMFG
Happy birthday to our great friend !!!!!!!
Black on black tinted windows, smoked out taillights. Can't wait to go check out this Cobra today.
ithink sleeping is my fav thing to do...next to smoking weed
I need to see Kate Argent and Derek ASAP
Add me on snapchat &gt;&gt; adamcrest
Seriously time to get my shit straight and get into shape. So determined to lose 30 pounds.
why stop at corporations? tables are now people, chairs are people, flags are people. my flag is a Muslim so I make sure it points east.
Can't watch RT : My buddy must be so nervous right now. Biggest VA fan you'll ever meet. Good luck bro!
I feel like meen living I need to get high
fuck does he have a pick in his hair for?
Pete Campbell, you're a pig. Peggy Olsen, you're my hero. Don Draper, ... carry on.
It's been a hell of a week. 4 show weekends kill my soul.
I'm real I'm real I'm really really real
My friend was talking to me about growing up and everytime she said grow up i told her to buy and download paramores album on itunes
He's got that fire and he walks with it
I just edited the Newsies wikipedia page to put Ben back in for current &amp; add Damon in. I feel powerful.
Man I just had an amazing sammich
everytime we talk\nI always feel the static babe..\n\ncould be the distance
Sometimes when I walk in front of the mirror, I just gotta tell myself to stop before I give a girl cardiac arrest for looking so damn fine
Colombia is whopping some brazilian ass today by the way they been playing..
I miss you,you better be coming over after the concert on Thursday so we can stay up all night talking about how we had
I JUST WENT INSANE LETS GIOOOIOZKABAHAHAO
I like critical thinking and mathematics because they can help you in the long run. They are limitless, they are eternity. Politics is not.
forever hoping something good will happen in my life
Any one who knows me and amone in jr high . Please tell me who was always slapping drake? Amone claims he put me on w\/ this music
\": I hate when a bitch talk shit bout me lol like im some corny dirty broke bitch like c'monnnnn bruh !!!!\"
To the people working in my yard right now, I want to hit you
Live for today plan for tmmrw party tonight
Oh you ain't say CB shade iighhh pharell
I can be my self now finally, in fact there's nothing I can't be.
Putasso \" JAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJA TE SARPAS
I need to go write and get in a studio, I have so much to get off my little chest..
My flight leaves at 10pm tonight from SD and I'll be in VA 8am Saturday!
23rd no food in the fridge. EBT done ran out the Crib. now what is this, gotta do my Thizz or CPS gonna take my Kids
Viva Costa Rica y'all! that was amazing. who needs European Football? 4 life!!!
summer break is over, time to get back to the track
Slow motion for me slow motion for me *juvenile voice* lmfaoop
I have three eyes. Two to look. One to see.
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss my ass its just the renegaaade
Hey everybody text me it's only like ten here help or dm me your number
ok come on me and shaira have 2 get back to out julian thirst
Dropped off my mom at the airport this morning, now dropping off my uncle who's going to Mexico
Tbh, I miss Hey Arnold and The Ruggrats that was my shit.
No more shopping allowed for me.
Last Hellraiser. We need a new series after this.
LMFAOOO me: ahmed is there something you need to let go of? Chris and Matt: A BOMB!!!!! Lmaooooo
\": The stuff you hear about some people is so wild\"
Had to work last year and all the holidays New Year's Eve Halloween Christmas even like wtf I'm so over it
Poppy-\"gram used to wear hot pants\" me-\"what are hot pants\" poppy-\"short shorts\" hahahah
I've been having dreams for ages I've wanted to make into stories, but I finally caught one I can work with.
I just want trey to lick my mouth one time
Both lost in space, watch our souls intersect.
This monopoly game is going to go on all night lol
Watching a D-Day documentary and about to breakdown in tears at any moment.
If ya'll niggas ain't talkin bout big money what's the point?
I have a feeling that deeep down inside your the sweetest person ever and any girl would die to be with you, including me.
Where's the summer weather? I'm trying to feel those vibes.
I also just went to the gym with a buzz on and watched TED talks as I rode the stationary bike.
Hahaha so funny as shi bout to go down
Not proud of it but sometimes I just need something brainless. fits the bill.
Annnnnnd the Rockies got shutout at home :'(
Definitely coming home and falling back to sleep
the goalie didn't even move!!!
Around Stanford and need something to do tomorrow hit me up!
You get pissy because I give you a fucking compliment .
I don't even work at a bar and I still have to deal with drunk idiots
Sleeping on an air mattress is cute for about a week and then it just becomes a dumb way to sleep 8 inches off the floor.
My heart is like an open highway.
Sorry for being OA guys. Its just...... its teen top.... yknow :3
I have approximately 48 more hours left in the USA
\": Love pissing you off\" No Nigga
Comparing our definition of being a degenerate with a coworker, he starts a story with \"we were in Thailand...\" He wins
Every ones acting like they have never seen the weather in triple digits before. Feels so good to be in the heat again
Moe's queso could not be calling my name any louder rn
Note to self: don't tell a Brazilian that you haven't been paying attention to FIFA unless you want to be yelled at.
If he was recognized earlier that nigga woulda been deadly..
Well we know who's dominating this game
that was the most painful experience ever. if your doctor ever tells you to get a blood test, run out of that building. I repeat, RUN OUT.
I would blame that child for everything I didn't get to do w\/ my friend
I need to get my hair done seriously
I want some Panda Express !
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY SISTER SHE LOVES KILLING SPIDERS
Good Morning NY, check out our feature in 's article, \"The 13 Hot Startups in NYC Class\"
If you need a job text me ! Sunsets in neptune is hiring
Whoever went and cried to Daniel about my posts about him, your a little cunt so mind your own business
I'm leaving at 1 and I still have yet to pack for Lake George lol
At Carnegie Hall for . Not sure what to expect. Playbill tells me the illustrations are by Eddie Campbell. Now really not sure.
Everything Is Awesome is arguably one of the worst songs ever. Wow.
i loved u \ni swear i did\ni never meant to hurt u
Seriously leave me tf alone I dont care about your ass
My bank account is about to be destroyed these next couple of days
If it wasn't for the USA beating Panama in qualifiers, Mexico wouldn't be in the world cup...
\"My wrist need a shoutout, I'm like wattup wrist\"
\"I had to learn to say goodbye to the one who gave me the courage to say hello\"
I love my iPhone
Iggy Azalea music is catchy but THATS IT. Nothing of substance. Pretty white girl w a black girl body n wanna play rap girl. Yall love it
Vocal Fry and Uptalk Are Ruining Your Coffee Orders, According to Misogynist Baristas
Did you get sick of the shame?
Never been so happy to be home like omg
I leave in two days and haven't packed. But at least I've started laundry.
Happy July 4th, last night there were fireworks, and I thought they were gunshots, I was scared shitless
Damn, okay, from that perspective I see what you're talkin bout
i should probably go running but i just did a 7 hour shift so no
Happy 238th Birthday America \n\n\nremember cletuses, blow up the fireworks IN THE AIR not on the ground, otherwise the terrorists win.
My spider senses are telling me Pogba is gonna put in work
nick battle always rt's embarrassing stuff of me like who are u \/\/\/:
Blah, blah, blah, just jackin' their jaws, gotta let it roll off my back
It's Tuesday will should make a transformation Tuesday lolss
When you randomly start crying in the middle of the night &lt;&lt;
Shakey Graves made jokes about jacking off and also covered a song from The Little Mermaid. The perfect male.
I'm on this verge trying\/wanting to stop having sex. Celibate, but I don't think there's a nigga put on this earth that would actually wait
Goooolaso de ee uu
The love of 'Party in the USA' shows on a non USMNT match day hurts his credibility as office DJ with Opta section of MLS Digital!
Overheard on Suits: \"I may have said I eat cock for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.\" - Louis Litt. This episode is pretty good.
Well I attempted to vacuum my car
Life gets easier when you stop giving a fuck
There we go USA
Me and Owen are currently listening to 'Born in the USA' by Bruce Springsteen
What better way than to catch up with a childhood friend when u are wide awake at 1 in the morning haha
Trying to wire money. Extended ID verification + a notarized paper form. Seriously? And they wonder why people like Bitcoin.
Learning more about from Red Beard at
Can I just be back traveling in Europe?
My house a god damn animal shelter lmao
My feet are killing me. Another long day of walking.
I just wanted to let them know that they didn't break me.
6 mins until I win a bet
Jessica stole my mom's hat and thinks she's a farmer
Watch a movie or listen to music...idk
She buying me a pair of headphones now and apple headphones too foh!
Why is Andie wearing a turtle neck with a pleated school girl uniform skirt
Leg day always puts me in a good mood
Never be afraid to fall apart because it is an opportunity to rebuild yourself the way you wish you had been all along.
Hey guys my new names Jeff
Omg it's 1:30 and I want tacos my gwaddd I'm fat
I wish was free or I had an extra $1,000 lying around because this shit is stressing me out
Next person to call me lanky is getting hit by my car. I will run you the fuck over
Don't be a bitch. Just get the duck over it.
Sometimes what we want isn't what's best for us..
Thank god that shit is over
Of all days I'm starting to peel now
Marshmallow Peeps and Raw Crunchy Kale go together as a meal, right?
The language barrier in these World Cup games must be a bitch
Got my first car accident out of the way
This sketching number has texted me 3 times in the past month and every time I ask who it is they don't reply...
Why are guys such assholes, for fuck's sake. I am so done.
Bgrl u self hurry tf up now
Oh yeah, and then there's the occasional late night cannon. GAH! &gt;_&lt;
Idk Y Niggas Come At Bron Nigga Always Show Up
This episode of chowder when this nigga goes to the bank
To the kids who consider themselves above everyone else because of a team in front of your name, kys lol just be chill
Feliz 4 de julio a todos!
I'd ask my friend nick to hook me up with him but then I couldn't marry nick
Not having Internet for like the whole week made me realize how much I don't need it.
WOW, Panda!! You are just kicking ass at catching these hits. I'm starting to like this new infield lineup, even if I miss the 3 Brandons.
My family and family friends are the best, funniest, and coolest we know how to have a blast and go hard
I just hope were all eatin soon.
\": I love Betsy (:\" ahhhhh soo sweeet
Ain't nobody plays soccer with the mouth. So y'all blackstars supporters gotta stop talking
I wish he come in the house from playing basketball,
Zendaya bms, and nick cannon look like a old man
IVE LITERALLY BEEN LAUGHING BAOUT THIS FOR A FULL HOUR AND IRS NOT ANY LESS FNNY
all i wanna do is make stupid videos, and shitty music
I wonder if I'll ever get an std in my life
I literally just received an email from the House Committee on Oversight and Govt Reform saying they had no idea my image had a copyright
Deleting messages from last year. THIS IS TAKING SO LONG
why are black stars rising and strange moons circling the sky? uhh someone please make a stack overflow questio
Oh yeah? Well I got six figures in my bank account bro. $000,000.
\": thx for giving me you opinion on that fire situation. I was a worried for ppls safety\" yeah not in a cave.
1 hour and 5 minutes left
ok everyone goodnight ... speak to you in the morning
Pretty much just tweeted that as a personal notice
People who ask why you gotta get high n shit needa hop of their high horse. Life ain't perfect &amp; sometimes I just want to b lifted.
I think my coworkers are convinced it will literally kill them to be even on time, and god will smite them on the spot if they are early.
\"I heard Alyson died. She was hot.\"
Ima watch REAL AMERICAN FOOTBALL today in honor of independence day fuck that
I want to eat a whole pie by myself
I'm never been so happy and content and wanting to change to change the world more than I do now
Other countries are inferior to the US
I'm eating dinner so late :( damn you Work
I'm the most stereotypically white person I know
Yeah i think wolf tyla's extremely corny but she cute af
I know I shouldn't be angry at my parents but I can't help it. They refused to teach me how to swim.
I mean ya I'll admit no one likes me but I'm a pretty cool person to be friends with
Nico had to flash the food porn...maldito seas
I feel so out of it
I DONT KNOW WHO IS NOT FRIENDS WITH WHO..AND WHO IS FRIENDS WITH WHO...
Need to cheat on chem tm
had an amazing time at the concert last night. Can't wait for smackdown in july now
i think this fandom has made me somewhat of a pervert
THAT WAS SO FUCKING PRETTY
Everyone are bipolar at some certain point of their lives. No excuses.
I'm not your ex girlfriend if we only dated for two weeks
-_- I wish I could do something right. It's not fair that EVERYTHING I do is wrong. You'd think eventually something good would happen.
Someone for the love of Jesus make plans with me tomorrow
I'm so tired I might actually fall asleep before 1am tonight
Hasn't hit me that I'm bouta be a Tia in December. My own blood. This is generations lol
Came to babysit and baby still asleep, score! Nap time.
Happy is one of the greatest songs to ever be made. Y'all just hate it cause the radio over plays it.
u still thinking about gender grow the fuck up
I wanna go to colonie town pool
I'm tryna find the words to say\nSee, I'm a little faded so excuse my feelings
Don't tip my car over!
do u need ur id to turn in ur text books
Jermaine Jones...I'm glad he's on our side. !
I might actually be too burnt to show my face anywhere tonight
What is lil Wayne wearing
About to get back on my J-LAND flow
So my body adjusted to getting up at 5:30. DAS crazy
Congratulations Tikas y Tikos, on to the next one
I think lighting bugs have a good way of describing the hidden spark everyone has that isn't always on the surface.
\"Never forget that failure isn't bad. Failure isn't final. Don't let the fear of failure stop you from achieving the success
can I get that Amber Rose lickkkkk.
&amp; i cut a bitch off is she ever waist my time
Really though, if you have gundams - always tweet them at me.
Nick cannon is too corny for my liking.
Just eagled the 18th hole. Probably the greatest feeling ever
Why is there nothing to do in this town apart from get food and get drunk
Little bros graduation ceremony in the morning
The northeast doesn't have . Y'all have no idea what you're missing out on.
The heat kills my high , what a waste !
\": Cool ranch Doritos are the greatest creation\"
Id be a happy camper if the weather was like this on the reg
dude I can not keep doing this fucking bullshit over and over
They say 19 is too young to fall in love but me and salmon will be together 5ever (fuck you emoji makers there's no salmon emoji. Assholes.)
I miss him. I wish we banged. damn.
Alone in my zone , tell me dont it sound stunning ?
Who trying make a $70 bet that spurs are going to win? Anyone? Cmon...
Tonight is like the worst night ever
make it rain racks on racks rubber band stacks
You'll do that cause you got no DMs lol
i go and make a sandwich and usa already scored!
Monday if I'm lucky
I'm not a prude I'm just highly selective
Ever fart so hard it physically pushes you forward? Creating momentum from the expelling of gases at high velocity.... I am the human rocket
How does he just randomly know this all
Why are bitches always complaining about fans like dayum chill out motha fucka.
Nice dive nani you nob
It feels like I'm celebrating and mourning at the same damn time. \nI honestly have every intention on getting wasted that night.
Love you more than anything but I also deeply hate you \n\n
I'd be lying if I said the chicken teriyaki sample from Sakura doesn't make me second guess my alternate choice.
Setting up my 401k at work right now and I reallyyyyyyy wish I knew the slightest bit about the stock market
I want Dolph Ziggler wins the intercontinental championship!!!!
Mad or na?
have you ever looked at someone and thought \"you are sex\"
Don't you know I'm human too?
LA tomorrow for a video shoot with The GAME!!! Super excited!
I have zero regrets if I had to do it all over I wouldn't change a thing bc regardless of all the aggravation what has developed is worth it
Game of Thrones reference in Supernatural, this is beautiful.
cuddling with my big giant teddy bear &gt;
Maybe it was just bad timing and good timing is just waiting for me in the future
Someone pull an allnighter with meee
Told a Christian she should be submissive to her hubby. Outraged she said \"Where you hear that?\" \"The bible\" I replied. Col 3:18, Peter 3:1
So my dad told me to go to pacsun and was like, why do you make me spend so much money LIKE YOU TOOK ME
I could really use someone rn.
Can't watch the game so my sister is giving me the text play-by-play for the Portugal USA game and I'm dying with suspense.
I've been in nyc for ~15 min and i already want to ring a neck
gotta do what I gotta do
My parents still don't trust me..
this answer is giving me so much anxiety!
Sunday bum day I'm not gettin ready for shit and I'm going everywhere ugly
What happened to talent? Did the internet kill artistry..listening to James Brown and can't help but wonder we are all doomed..
Me Invitaron A Ver El Partido.
Sooooo someone left their phone in my bag lol
America is the LAND OF THE FREE. A leader who vows 2 bring about a fundamental transformation, then, prefers WHAT instead?
I slept like 10 hours and still feel like shit, i spent all day inside today when the weather is nice out, super super great
Country music on the beach makes me so happy
Oh how great.. They are giving me 8 hours total over the next 14 days
I haven't done tubing Tuesdays in forever loll .
I just hopped off facetime with Teyana..ooh you a fine lil' mama
What a freaking mess the Middle East is. Thanks Bush\/Cheney. Assholes.
This month went by toooo quick!
Tercer periodo, vacaciones, cuarto periodo, 2015, icfes, entrega de banderas y habemus grado.
people think you can't be sad if you laugh all the time
Two amazing teams chock full of amazing players. It's gonna be a great match
Dude checked me out in front of my mom &amp; she literally laughed in his face. Oh Sherry
NEVER COUNT OUT !!!!!!! FUCK YEAH!!!
Zana do I post the really embarrasing one
Brown sugar &amp; flour &amp; kush &amp; ur parents' disappointment
Free block party in the Stuy tomorrow....
Sometimes ya just gotta suck it up and get over it
Nothing wrong with them, they just don't fit my new car.
\": All that is gold does not glitter not all those that wander are lost. ~J. R. R. Tolkien\"
Show me your tits and I'll be happy for the day ...
I hate thinking about the past and all my fuck ups
Last night was crazy. I found some creepy shit I didn't want to.
This is pathetic
Knee deep in the water somewhere
Who's good at chemistry?!?!!
I've been at this hospital for way to long...
i hate myself for letting myself get this way.
Damn, y'all really going in on the heat. Lmao. Keep it comin. I'm enjoying this shit
No me voy a olvidar nunca de esto G.
She cook tacos and dope out the same pan . \"I seen her do it\"
I'm missing my girlfriend already I hope you get there safely I love you and try to have fun lol
don't know whether to be pissed or sad that youn niggas already got beards&amp; mustache's and I don't have shit
I think if I ever met Channing Tatum he would say \"yuck\" and punch me in the head
Half of y'all don't even watch soccer
I ended up with a line chef from one of the best restaurants in the city who has travelled extensively. Excited for a new start!
Rt for a DM to Taylor \nMbf
If you choose to take care of me when im drunk, do not complain the next day to me.
You have to wonder how many owners of closely held companies are suddenly becoming very religious.
I hate u all I just wanted to get fucked up tn
Seriously people piss me off. I'm moving to a deserted island.
My hand before God I'm calling the police every time I hear fire works on the fourth. That shit annoying.
Tired of writing on here, ima just keep everything inside
I've gone out of my way to be nice to my dad all day and he still chooses to be a dick to me
Ice cream sandwiches are heaven on earth.
Mimi 'Did he want me to put my most private moments on tape just so he could exploit me?\"
Urgh, just had fruit and greek yogurt for breakfast. I feel all new-age and hippy.
IVE BEEN LAYIN IN THIS BED ALL NIGHT LONG. DONT YOU THINK ITS TIME FOR ME TO KEEP LAYIN IN THIS BED
So Mac Demarco, Nicholas Megalis, Ry Doon, and Julian Casablancas. 2014 is a very eventful year for me.
Ok the question now is do I watch In the Flesh or Orphan Black? Hmm...
The balloon fest was the best event I went to today.
Ima hit the gym hard as fuck this week... So I won't have to jerk off n be tired as fuck..
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice
Nah im better than that. Although it would be funny.
\": killed mines with that\"how wtf
Gotta keep telling myself not to overthink
50 is hilarious with his instagram videos in my opinion \"you gonna cause these atlanta niggas to buy more guns mang\"
No but really cans I be friends with for his profile pic being Roger????
One of the shittiest days and I just wanna get drunk.
There needs to be dominos on the west coast already
Onion flavored chips are the best
I'd rather hear your voice than read your text
can't handle how excited Americans get in the cinema
Stop resisting change. Act upon your highest desire.
Hoy es noche de sexo...
Mexico won a game not the World Cup
Babe or baby has to be the real deal
A boy sized man amongst man sized boys.
Mom Y do you ruin my life
Come on one more goal!!!!
Only in New York! Free Wi-Fi has been cleared for arrival at JFK, LaGuardia &amp; Newark, but only 30 minutes will be free. Surf quickly!
When Shannon asks me to help her with social studies . to 9th grade
I don't like being disrespected. I don't have time for the games b
Matt hurry and come home )):
Currently: I have a middle seat, Mary and I are in separate rows, and we're stuck on the ground because only half the laboratories work
You say anchor . I say DOWN
Left 2 hr early to print my nametag for DLM tonight, FedEx took 45 mins to print 1 page and now the line is around the corner :(
This rain + golf cart = perfect donuts
Resisting the urge to not eat this whole box of munchkins sitting in my car that I bought for the kiddies today
Any employee of can DM me for free contraception. SERIOUSLY.
Gotta get brooks in.
If you're an adult woman and you're obsessed w\/ Hello Kitty, I automatically assume you also have psychotic murderous tendencies.
tired and sleepy are two totally different things
Rusty Mackerel made my belly happy.
mirA mnr una encuesta rapidito ;))
\"We say goodmorning from Copacabana beach where night &amp; morning blend...not so smoothly for some\"-Mike Tirico. Lol dawg who you talkin bout?
JERMAIN JONES I LOVE YOU
Let us take a moment to pray for our friends and , who are currently stuck in the Newark Airport.
Joseline looks so much better without all that makeup!!
No. Nope. I refuse. My heart can't handle more penalties.
I'm surprise that Guy Fieri is not 900 pounds. The food on that show looks amazing.
hickeys are so fucking hot why are they so looked down upon like who cares get over it
intro headline: \"...Raises worry\" Word choice: I'd \"raise brows\" questioning yr views, \"feel worried\" on yr agenda.
Nanat shqiptare: Haje buken se po ta han Suarezi.
definitely not dealing with your shit right now
Jamal waking up from that clutch nap
I KNEW HED ANNOUNCE THE DATES TODAY OMG YES J COLE I FUCKING LOVE YOU
Don't ever take Percocet for a headache.
The anger I have inside me rn is no bueno
I've been getting eaten alive lately by Mosquitos
ariana is gonna have the best birthweek of her life
You underestimated greatly, most ever how long did it really take me?
WHETHER YOU WITH THE CLIQ OR NOT IMA CLIQ UP WITH THE CLIQ AND BE CLICKIN.
Neighbors Know My Name
I won't give up on \n\n Trying to get CAMERON to call me \n\n\n\n
God bless Jillian for dealing with my stupidity
Every time Yankees vs Boston plays it's always a rivalry to me no matter how they stand in the standings
Just throw it in the bag
many people have accepted james as their lord and savior tonight my work for the lord is done
WOW. This Omer Asik to NOLA deal FINALLY fucking went down, and they didn't even have to give up Ryan Anderson. (y)
Someone teach me how the frik to do my hair and makeup so I don't look homeless 98% of the time
This France v Germany match should be good
July is lookin lovely for ya boy
You telling me it's only been a couple other people that you've been with, Ima trust you, ima give you the benefit of the doubt &amp; ima love U
On the bright side, Spain was the best team to suck really hard.
Buh-bye Greece !!
Homemade burrito bowls and guac.
I can't look in the mirror anymore without wanting to change everything about myself... I hate being so uncomfortable with myself
SORRY MOM I HAD TO GET SHAWNS SINGKE AND IT WAS WORTH IT
Screw productivity--I'm joining Ben &amp; the for booze &amp; karaoke on the bus to ! If we make it back to San Ramon through traffic...
Good tip from !! JaRule \"Livin it up\" really picked up my pace during my workout.
Walking down Broadway and I see Corbin bleau?? Hahahaha omg I died
Holy fuck it's almost July. Time flies.
And that's why I hate bitches
SPURS TOO DIRTY. TEAM BASKETBALL
David Wright scratched from today's lineup? FYRE SAYTHURR!
Losing the back of an earring is such a frustrating experience
\"but with my ego, I can stand there in a Speedo and be looked at like fckn hero\" ..one of my favorite Ye bars lol
Just need to get through rewriting this stupid paper then I can sleep finally
The next little kid that runs on the pool deck is going to be shot with a nerf gun
The new transformers is dope,I'll watch it again
Will keylor Nevas be an all hero to Costa Rica?
acabei de me dar conta que ja se passaram 6 meses OU SEJA metade de 2014
Amazon Music Prime has proven somewhat useful for having ONE song form the Gwar side project X-Cops. Highway Star for the win.
Hotels are sold out for - what does that mean for listings? Find out tomorrow or check out
Only way that could've been less surprising was if Papi hit into a triple play.
I'm ready to get up and party like why is last night not my life?
letting these bullets fly, making scrapas die
Julie Taylor's sex talk with her mom... \"It's just one body part going into another body part\"
i cant pick what to watch on netflix fuck
I need coffee and I need tomorrow to come
Can I ever fall asleep at a normal time?
I cant even run with my friends thats vrazy
I love twitter stories
I told tres to hangout so he should be hanging out soon
In the end I wouldn't trade you for the world
Having breakfast w Mr. Matsumoto and Kai!
Jocelin looking gorgeous on snapchat. Like laaaaaaawd jessuuuus !
How long has it been? Since the last time we talked.
Look at my location and sing it with me
It freaks me out when people don't close the lid to their contact solution
De Paula had himself a bounce back putting of sorts today.\n5.2 IP, 5H, BB, 7 K's\n
Can't wait to get out of classsssssss
she dead got a birthday wish from my wife smh
how did i lose all my chokers wtf i'm mad as hell
Manu just dunked over the entire heat roster. Damn!
Modern SSDs are fast enough that I can trivially generate 2.4GB in a 10 minute latency test. Need ways to save &gt;= P99 for comparison.
Marky Mark and the Sunday Brunch
You know you cool if you have emojis next to yo contact
If I don't go to Bio and Health, then today will be a good day
\": - A Scorpio woman likes to have the last word.\" UH...YES I DO!!!!!
Someone left a sharks shirt at my house.. Claim it
B u t w h y out of n o w h e r e would you say this why why w h y
Life can be so boring sometimes
life goal to finish a whole jaw breaker
I feel like once it hits like 10:00 I automatically become extremely bored
I went from biggie to etta james. Im such a weirdo
\": I really dislike how my black American friends show prejudice towards Caribbean blacks.\" I thought it was just me!!
I don't like when people wear pajamas to stores at all
Like wtf bae = bacin and eggs or bitch always eatin ?
I FEEL LIKE A BRAND NEW MAN
Adorable or nerdy? Series tied 2-2 and I'm wearing my Bucks shirt as I play as the Bucks.
And here's hate for the night: people who fuck up my plans.
Now THAT was the American way to start the game
As much as I love weed, I fucking HATE when ppl get their animals high!! Ur a piece of shit if you think it's funny or fun or cool. Ihy
Whoever just retweeted that spaghetti tweet. Smh I hate you lol
she's so pretty, fuck self pity, i feel so shitty
I could watch Lone Survivor all day long.
It's hot everyday now. Idk how I made it through XC season
but I will make myself sleep. yay good thing I can sleep in
My life is Nintendo.
I can tell I'm bouta tweet alot
Sucks I'm not going to orientation till August, Im gonna get all the shitty classes. Thank goodness I've always been a morning person!
lah,koq jd ka2 yg rese sih dhe?! :O RT : iyanih. km rese ka. RT : klah dong km sma ka2 dhe :D RT\"
Damn felt like my house just shook lol dad going crazy.
Closing a store w 5 people is A SICK JOKE
Lol dude no it's not okay too ignore me the whole fucking day and then text me like nothing happened. Like nigga are you stupid? Fuck off.
Judging by the empty seats, fans don't care too much about a rivalry with the either.
3 speeding tickets. 2 days. 1 broke bank account. Fuck.
Puttin on a Duck jersey doesn't make you a real Duck
Wanna see American Exceptionalism? Come out west &amp; poke your nose around Silicon Valley Alive &amp; Well.
I aint never seen someone disrespect a state trooper the way jeremy just did lmao
No way I can get enough sleep and still workout.
We hate when people approach us and ask us for a free album. Get the FUCK out our face!!!!
People that are reluctant to try new food weird me out.
Don't do dumb shit and you won't get locked up.
Too much spare time. I have way too much spare time.
I've always liked my women book and street smart
Awesome evening listening to at Carnegie Hall! Thanks !
You know the \"one weird trick\" is almost always reading an old Latin book and waking the dead, right?
I hate the accuses and you have the accuse already when i ask you anything your accuse already wrote for me and i just say okay never mind
I wish my girlfriend was either less hot or less annoying. If the first I could break up with her and if the other I wouldn't want to
u post selfies that you look really good in but too bad u a catfish in person lmao
The people who are meant to be in your life will always gravitate back towards you, no matter how far they wander
Like thinkin I might pick up some Ben &amp; Jerry's
Deep down inside of me, i know heavens gotta be That kinda town'
Noooooo Dal Colle to the Islanders, i like Dal Colle now i gotta hate him
4% on the 4th of July.... Amazing
Havent been to the for a week, can't wait to get there today!
Sometimes I wonder how some people made it to the NBA.
Dude I'm tired of pearls &amp; her friends stalking me, looking at my every move. Like wtf?
Ion understand how I bother anybody .. I just do me &amp; enjoy life with my loved ones . :)
Your outfit is worth more than your car but hey that's none of my business.
but that was a sick ass goal frfr. props to them
LeBron going to New York and playing with Melo
so hype for the purge: anarchy to come out in july
Let's go, USA!
This is so annoying. Like wtffff
I'm living in a world of goldfish
That's a debate I never entertained
I let time play its role. No need for me to seek revenge
My phone has been on 1% for the past 45 minutes...if anybody cares
las horas mas lindas las paso contigo amor
My fuckin shoulder is straight dead right now
AWWW he is in love with her
My drag name is Jessica Chastain.
My bonfire gonna chip this weekend
Can i just be with my dad already
Don't tell me to do one thing, then make it seem like I should of done the other chore
Carried 24-1120mm the last few days with ease.
Damn Yankees two days in row there going to lose... Losing 8 to 1 to the Blue Jays
This is one of the most confusing things that has happened lol...
At work I feel like that teacher from that movie where he's teaching all those Hispanic kids AP Calc. Can't think of the name, but yea
I feel like I'm not important anymore, and it sucks
If that half inning doesn't show you the importance of preparation, positioning, &amp; scouting in baseball nothing will
Y'all gotta stop lying it's a small ass world it don't take a detective to discover the real you smh
You could do better.
Joe Biden in da house.
Tonight absolutely killed me and ripped me apart, and I'm so thankful for that. What an enlightening conversation. Never been more thankful.
This World Cup is not looking good for Africa right now
I feel like perhaps I should hibernate for a week
Sex never have I ever with and Arlett. I love these girls
At the airport for my 6am flight to Vegas for . Lots of sleepy people here!
Ser de signo cancer debe ser muy horrible, pero mas terrible es ser hombre y ser de signo piscis.
CAMERON PLEASE CALL ME AND WE LUV YOU
GINOBILI AND LEONARD ARE GOING OFF!!!!
You know I got up at 4:45am &amp; went to work today only to find out I had the day off. That sound you heard at 6:30am was me screaming.
Manu for 3
La Marseillaise is the best anthem ever, classic french people.
I'm only 2 inches away, COME ON
I unlocked my screen to tweet this with the horizontal keyboard and I hate it
Now the fun begins! 1-1
por eso pregunto, que estamos esperando pa resolver el asunto?
I Literally Gave You The Rest Of It.. Lmao We're Dry Now RT : Thanks for the chipotle sauce come threw :3
Can't wait for this whip. Only thing I'm looking forward too.
You make my speakers go boom boom
Find something you love, and let it kill you slowly
A fucking mosquito entered my room and is annoying the fuck outta me cause I feel like it's gonna suck my blood and have babies
It's 1030 am and a deer is prancing across creek road ... Go away
I fucks wit john legend b
If I still can't afford a bottle of belvedere by move in day working two jobs all summer was completely unnecessary
I cant fucking stand when you do this.
Lil B - Caillou forever slapper
I can count to Wednesday
Dear boobies,\nStop being so damn sensitive
Reddit is 9 years old. Dear god.
If I asked you for a contact picture, you're my maiiinnn squeeeezeee
\"Does anyone remember there first booty grab?\"
22 jump street with the bae
\": I'd do anything to make you smile\"
Wtf it hasn't even been a minute
You're gone, and I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind
Stop giving my fucking number to these scam knife selling places. I have a fucking career. Fuck off. I don't wanna sell fucking cutco knives
I'm starting to wonder if you care about me anymore...
I snapchat like 3 people lol
UGHHH MY CHARGER IS DOWN STAIRS
What's this for One Direction
Forcing myself to fall asleep because my late night thoughts are the death of me bye
awwww kody ... He is a class act. So humble !
It's Shawns world she said \"what is this world coming 2\"
eres tu chamita en tus mejores momentos jajajaj
We killed bin laden... Js '
But Think Like A Man Too Handled Business
I used to like skinny niggahs ... They can't pound it like a bigger niggah tho
When Janessa says \"sorry\" to me everytime she wears blue&gt;&gt;&gt; Lmao.
John just asked if he can buy me fireball wow he made my life complete
\"...TODAY WE CELEBRATE OUR INDEPENDENCE DAY\"-President Whitmore
Witches Brew is weird because if you're seated on a couch and there are people in front of you it's like you're watching their conversation.
I just don't understand why men\/women must cheat. Also, getting a thrill out of having multiple \"hoes.\" That ish amazes me!
Asain weapon swag epic
Stay the fuck away from me, out of my life, out of my relationship, and stop causing me problems.
Who trying to come with me tonight to Philly Fourth of July Jam Concert?
Get these 2 teams tf outta here
Member daze Jeff Koons no comment but, as ever, it's
I wish you'd talk to me ; here comes the tears
Lbi for the day hope today turns this week around
Good luck getting around the land mines, IEDs, and elaborate death traps I have set up around my lawn
I suck at life
i can't change my decisions from the past. But you're not gonna keep making me feel like shit about it.
Omg stiles is finally getting some, thank the Lord
so if the board of education came to Nottingham's graduation, who came to wests'?
this lax camp got me tired as hell
Not sure if I expressed enough how much I hate
I hope I can take that AP American history classy next year
Some people just try too hard..
Thank you, Pemberton Middle School graduation, for turning my 15 minute ride home into a 45 minute ride home.
G.O.O.D. Music&gt; YMCMB
My has been constantly freezing up for a few wks now on apple tv. Anyone else have this problem?
waiting for that light to be just right.
Knew I shouldn't taken sleeping pills cause now I NEED them or I can't sleep
But like why the fuck am i still up doe?
WEIRD AND RANDOM THINGS ALWAYS HAPPEN TO ME
One thing i never had time for: games.
Albanian people always look so exotic, I love it
NESSI WITH A BEAUTIFUL POST SHOT
238 years, We still in this!
A lot of people tell me my house reminds them of a southern plantation lolol
It's funny that I'm hearing latch for the first time rn and it's a song we would jam out in my basement with everyone that came to my partys
My lil brother name is Terin which rhymes with Aerin lol
My favorite part about some of the people that act all holy and better than you is that they're just as bad if not worse
Bae When Im With You I Wanna Listen To Vincente Fernandez.
I swear to god i can speak in like 15 different accents
Bae Im 7'1 From The dick ooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!
Honestly, I'm not feeling USA's jerseys bc its blue, white, red when it should be red, white, then blue
Ugh. Still need to re-record the video...
Completely overdressed and overheated for my run today. O! Why hast thou forsaken us, ?
I have never seen kids with a lemonade stand
Damn reconnecting with my best friend rn.. This shit is crazy.
I wonder how this girl looks without makeup
I see a lot of you are watching and apparently USA is playing. Are we winning ?
You love me for everything you hate me for.
strange fact, I'm allergic to playdough
i want you to need me as much as i need you
that's just fucked up my whole night
But hey on a positive note my grandma let me come home already. I think this is a record.
Knowledge speaks but wisdom listens!!
Picked up June from work today and drove her to the gym and now getting Fiona and Niahve milkshakes and delivering them
If you think I put in less than 500% for my homies, then I guess you're just an acquaintance.
you could be my silver spring, blue green colors flashing
I wonder wut it would be like to be \"twitter famous\"
Child birth&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;taking off acrylic nails! Oweeee! This is why I'm not a girly girl!
if you got to perform 'believe me' then bring drake along fam
Okay tomorrow is my last dress rehearsal ever.... Idk how to feel about this.
Eating club crackers with a ptl.
I don't feel bad that my dad broke his arm because when I was 6 he didn't believe my arm was broken for 10 days
This valley needs more activities. This shit's tooo dry smh
I love San Fran so much this city is bliss.
Hot throbbing cock
you will never walk again,\n but you will fly.
My sex life is like a Ferrari. I dont have a Ferrari.
Today I finished my last summer course. Ever.
That movie was so good. Long AF but really good.
This is such a bad way to go out Miami like dayummmmm
Ew. Brad has been traveling since 2 am our time. He still has 5 more hours to go. He must REALLY love us!! Lol
Hope to god i never have a daughter
Fruit are the best thing on this planet
Looks like Ima dip right now... Hour away from home n I'm bored as fuck
I'm not upset at all but what's up with ?
Loving My Life &amp; The Peeps in My Circle... Happy Thursday!
Chris Kaman's old ass is making 5 Mill a year still? Smh.
Like your stomach sticks out just as much as your ass does
Wow, Community season 6 is a go. Well done, Yahoo.
I'm tired of feeling like I dont mean shit man. Fuck
I'm bored, anyone else bored?\n\nMaybe I should make up a Fuck, Marry, Kill for Game of Thrones. They pretty much do these all the time anyway
OH MY GOD!!!!
Hip Hip!! Chemistry can suck my fucking cock!!
Can somebody please bring me food to my work? Ya boy is dying.
put 18 in his been out
I honestly feel so depressed because I cant listen to the 5SOS album tomorrow.
Wow! Declaration antrene la just super super bravo wow se sa ki on direkte teknik
If you bae I'll buy you food and cuddle
love me, love me, that fentanyl it numb me. beautiful it get ugly, turn you into a junkie.
LHH he said fuck dat bitch ima put in her mouth .
Brandon A and Eric L are beast at basketball!
fit masc vgl sane athletic white neg nonscene fit clean cut discreet in good shape ub2
I retract my prior statements that FernGully was set in the Amazon as widely believed. It is set in Australia. Thanks
\": is a pussssssssssssyyyyy\" coming from ol' boy who eat ass that doesn't mean nothing.
shit ln was so bad i was trippinn ohde
John Cena or Roman lets go
Ughhhh I just need a ride to school tomorrow!
And the twitter beef starts now
1 job done, two more to go
This Kendal bitch better be real cus I'm in love
I'm not sure if it's this hot or if it's the drinks
All I need now is friends and a bottle of wine.
hj tem jogo do brasil...
china &amp; India need World Cup squa ds
i did it I got a full night of sleep please be proud i feel so proud
Keyshia feeling this song a little bit to much
If you read my messages and ignore me that's a dick move and we won't be friends
Looks like were going to penalties! vs. !!
There needs to be a MLG Draft.
Is that Derek ? Uh sort of .... Da hell?
When will I learn to take my own advice
I've never seen someone with so much homework over summer omg
Now its the ticos who will take the oranges
but they havent even started man fuck insurance
The street outside just erupted in terrifying cheers and our entire office collectively went \"WHAT HAPPENED DID A GOAL\"
I don't care if I ain't your first love, but I'd love to be your last.
\"Tiene una traba ese loco , ta re trabado \" jajajajajajaj
I couldn't do half of the math test
lost all chill its the last day of school
So gone. I can't make it to the bed. Lol laying on the floor.
I don't sub-tweet because I'm prepared to back up my statements
you shoulda been here to kick it w\/ me\nwe coulda split this whole thing up 50\/50
Anybody got a request for songs for Friday? DJ noodle arms taking requests
How I flirt.. \": a poem 4 you:\n\nda booty look fat,\nhit me w\/a follow back.\"
Hate bein inlove with someone married with kids
I hate the bet awards. It's always pure stupidity.
Felicia secretly loving this \"mercury in retrograde\" shit and not knowing why I'm telling u
the sad truth is that assholes win the girls heart instead of the nice guys.
Damn ! Pharrel is happy
Everywhere I go I see the same hoe
Wow Red Sox we blow 8-2 now
I follow more dog instragrams than human ones
to bust the bad guys maybe but AT LEAST to shut off this alarum
Stay with u pride nigga hope it keeps u company on lonely nights makes u smile happy n fucks u good damn that must b sum important ass pride
My boyfriend is the best &lt;3
Actually if every guy who's ever told me I should cut my hair short dropped dead there would be a population crisis. (but it'd be ok)
Colombia &amp; Brasil play on the 4th of July I really wanna see that lmao
I could easily beat the shit out of anyone that has their pants half way down their ass
It's so fucking annoying having my dad's girlfriends whole family here for a week I can't walk around naked I can't poop I can't do anything
Antes chicas se hacian amigas mias para estar con mi hermano y viceversa ahora chicas se hacen amigas mia para estar con mi HIJO y viceversa
Julia &amp; David should pay for my nails since they broke them
*rediscovery of the true self high five*
You'd have more female friends if you wasn't always Tryna fuck em
Maybe all three since I have do much money.
El dia de mi funeral yo quiero que me hagan un party \/o\/
Last hour and a half
\": IM NOT LUKE HEMMINGS\" omg I almost laughed at this a 4 am
queria sair pra curtir a night de segunda-feira
For better or for worse, but never for granted
I had Panera mac n cheese for the first time in like 2 months and I wolfed that fucking shit down and licked the bowl clean
It's biking season. Come fuck with the kid
\"Pearls don't lie on the seashore. If you want one, you are going to have to dive for it.\"
Y por este poco tiempo estoy dispuesta a darte el mundo.
the man w\/the bongos singing \"everything little thing is gona be alright\" on my train tonight convinced me so i gave him $2
Sheesh my timeline awfully silent
I just want to take a shower &amp; go to sleep
fuk u camp star
It's probably time for bed lol
Wordd? 3 Dates in NYC?
And you'll start to see a side of me you never knew existed.
Hella locking all the doors and closing all the blinds.
Too cut my hair short or not hmmmm..
please play problem by ft
The casts from Love &amp; hip hop been in the studio for like 3 seasons now , and the only one with an album is K.Michelle .. Somebody lying.
Going to get an oil change is so boring
I feel bad for people who have to be drunk everyday and can't have fun without alcohol present
Can't wait til this 11 hour drive is over and I get to squeeze and sniff my cat
7 days a week gotta grind till I sleep
nicole and I just got two orders of boneless wings and spin dip just for ourselves...
(The Untold Story Of Chi King) now available for FREE download online! Look for various download links on my page!
Party last night was poppin !! Tonight's gonna be too
Literally can't tell what my mom said to me was a dream or reality
Tell me why I think we can still get wiggins
Be the Don Quixote of your summer for the lifetime of you.
It's only 11:45 I'm trying to go out
I feel like if I don't go to the gym today I'm letting America down.
We were something amazing but now were nothing but memories..
Wow. These teens are graduating. Never thought I'd see that.
TOP FLIGHT SECURITY OF THE WORKD CRAIG
Niggas be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you.
ugh ugh ugh mercury is rly cramping my style this month
When I was younger I used to think that if a spider bit me I would turn into Spider-Man, but now when I see one I kill it
carol foi p escola, agr fiquei sozinho :(
What makes you better than me? Please tell me, I'd love to know.
Why can't I have normal sinuses
I always drink too much water after running and feel like Im gona die from my stomach exploding lol
Wondering if it's a boy or girl
And that's why Argentina will not be in the final
Staff meeting is now longer because Emma has to tell you to get your picture taken.
White people all dress the same for 4th of july. White polo blue jeans and sandals smh
Not the first time a country of less than 5 million has made it to the quarter finals ;)
BUT I need money so I'll just stay
My parents have spent the last 25 minutes in the toy aisle at target. Do I have to be the adult here?
\"your hair is so soft!\" Thanks bill
All my african homies are fly!
NYC can't contain the swag I'm currently dripping out
It's official never eating candy again this feeling is unbearable I can't stand it I feel sick
Z o m b i e
Tbh id be scared to sit on someone's face
Thank you compadres for everything thing you guys did for us.... Can't thank you enough
wearing a mask around so I won't catch the flu
I want the US to win but Cristiano what the hell
Could really use a workout, right about now..
The fact that walking home from school today is probably the most exciting thing I'll do this summer
Nice to see hanging out with Barry Bonds.
No matter what time I go to bed I always manage to wake up early
also the dream sequences in are some of the best storytelling in gaming. working towards the end today!
my dad actually got on the trampoline with me...birthday made
I'm AT LEAST trying to hang out with some frens. :\/
Lmao i WISH this bitch would say something to meeee. Please, let me put you in your place!
Am I the only one that doesn't know what the hell oomf means
What time are the games?
Or my dad can just ignore all me text
If hubby forgets our date to see at Carnegie, I'll just throw myself at the stage.
Admiro a este hombre fumando su cigarro.
I just really want to travel the world.
I don't wanna fall in love, I wanna fall asleep
I got taking this 3-2 in extra time. Should be a dandy.
Wish I could go to Chautauqua :\/
I Don't Dance is the sweetest song
I go back and forth on whether or not I miss cheer...
I always manage to screw something up
TBT to when UCONN won the championships. I still cry thinking about it.
I'm really mad I can't go to jakes tomorrow wtf
Neal going to music city im stunned
Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the world, the lovely &lt;3
Every show on TLC is my guilty pleasure
stupid people askin jack about his acid use like its a fuckin joke :\/
The upside of working at a bomb food place is free fooooooood
My thighs are mad define and muscular from all the walking and biking I've done in the past 5 months
Team USA made a goaaaaalllllll
This 60 minutes on Lamborghini is so dope
Why does it have to be this way.....just one if those days
My grandma is so confused by reality tv
I'm about being single, seeing double, making triple
IAM STRAIGHT UP HYPERVENTILATING IN MY ROOM RIGHT NOW BECAUSE LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS BEING ADAPTED INTO A MOVIE
150 rounds in the ooooh wop
Nice to see you were a fake the whole time I thought I knew you.
exists ONLY if you're unafraid of it.
i got my phone taken away and i missed so much god dammit
Lmao for some reason whenever I'm on my phone at night and my phone goes off I jump even when I'm expecting a text
Happy 4th! This weekend is your last chance to see Alain Kirili: Drawing in Space. Stop by 299Meserole if you find yourself in
Talk about a goal I mean
I've got some random people texting me
Your face is a 3 but your body is a 10 type shit.
Sonny Milano you're a douche for your reaction towards the girl who touched your hair.
Newspapers print more crap than I tweet and trust me, that's close to impossible
Moms being a twat, ok I'm going to make a mess in the kitchen
When you're trying to smash on someone but you get tongue twisted&lt;&lt;
Could've gone to Nepal this summer if I had asked and I really wish I did
Today has been amazing. Pride is amazing. is amazing. And the McKittrick hotel is amazing. God I love New York
If there's no way to win the game, than there's no point in even playing
\": Hey Portugal, how does freedom taste? Merica.\"
I feeeeel the drama starting already, bouta be outtie one thoudiie
Happy birthday beautiful!!!
I was going to go to the gym but the suddenly there was a burrito wow
Never a dull moment with you
Sleeping with the window open is the best
If a poster was titled \"safety prevention\" would that mean the poster was about preventing safe practices?
Nobody looks better then someone because nobody's perfect and everybody has there own opinion.
Pharrel William video of the year award. .....I was saying Beyonce.
why is it such a big deal when someone tries talking to someone new? who gives a fuck if they \"slide into the DM's\"
Because maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me
ion need to say that twice
That cupcake I just ate was a small cake, disguised as a cupcake.
Live streaming the Givenchy show in Paris kms
That was my exact face when I read that shit tho lmao
Finally caught a fucking break!! KING LEO.
I'm riding with a girl name Keisha smoking on Keisha
Looks like the plane just got clearance to leave!!
The attraction to NYC is that one can make it their city. It's not black or Jewish or French of Muslim. NY is whatever you want it to be.
\"So it this the news today? Everything America?\"
Can't wait to watch Germany vs. USA tomorrow!
When Netflix buffers every five seconds my heart shatters a little. Why must you do this to me Netflix ??
Happy Independence Day! Have a safe and enjoyable holiday!
When I can't sleep I do stupid things, like trying to re pierce my cartilage
The show switched at birth about the deaf girl is literally all silence
Trying to coordinate 3 girls in different locations to be on the same train at the and time.
Gone with the WMD.
At one point today there was this weird loop where I was eating chicken bacon ranch from Gino and joes while I also had a McDank tea and fry
Anyone down for gb or umg snd matches??
Here's to mr.Redman for making our math final all multiple choice!
my phone is on airplane mode more often than not
I had to feed myslef guys....thanks
Seriously . It's been a year of unexplained skyrocketing bills and horrible service. Thank god you're a monopoly, right?
When you're sick getting up having to make your own shit to eat or get a drink sucks
Fuck being on some trill shit
All these big red signs explaining that fireworks are illegal in this county don't seem to keep my neighbors from their nightly escapades.
Sick of being surrounded by people yet feeling like I'm all alone
Fuck stuck with a dead car battery, somebody help
She walk in with nothing , she walk out with my tank top
I love that and it's a joke I'll never stop making
I need some notifications come on! I don't like how my notification tab looks
The biggest psycho of : kamal r khan. Just watch it to see how stupid he is
She hears David flush the toilet, and hears his hand turning the door knob, then she all of a sudden scurries and lays down really fast
Don't wanna get dehydrated in the desert
Dear chest, stop pealing. I JUST STARTED TO GET A TAN. Ugh
Yung mga moments na yung mga kaklase mo tuwang tuwa sa joke ng prof mo and you were like \"joke ba yun...\" . Haha!
Fav part about waking up in the morning are those long texts that have the cutest stuff in them
Costa Rica has been a phenomonal story this tournament
Go like my insta pic to boost my self esteem
one of the best weekends of summer so far
Cable guy was suppose to come @ 8 . DONDE ESTAS CABLE GUY ?!
Love the way you activate your hips and push ya ass out
Lie detector tests in ? And music? The producers are playing up Italian stereotypes &amp; it's not cool.
\": I kinda wanna study Oceanography\" soooo dope it's a whole different world!! I think it would be incredible research
When I say 85% of the time I feel sick in some way there is no exaggeration at all
If Costly leaves I will literally go through depression
u could be my momma &amp; ill b ya boy
clearly decided ahead of time they could score from distance on Beto
Breading comes from wheat. \nWheat is a grain. \nGrains grow from plants. \nTherefore fried food is salad.
Hard summer &amp; nocturnal simple one month after another
Why why why why why why why
We waste our lives on the wasted until there's nothing left to justify, oh I don't get it
Lol Carley and Beth watched tiffs porn
My new avi goes to my tallest follower.
BLOW THESE FUCKS OUT DONT LET UP
Wow. Material design is REALLY good. Well done and the team
In the end it doesn't matter. What will be, will be. She's beautiful but if she's not interested. I'm not pushing for anything. I'm too nice
Lake Arrowhead is 5000 ft above HB. TURNT UP
I can't say anything tho Cus I participated too
Inside my room I get shit.I go out I still get shit .
Damn Mexico got Holland next!? Smh they're raw!
i don't need you i've got fifa &amp; jonah hill. buh bye
This crazy drunk man better not come near me I am not in the mood.
I cant wait to see what pherrel outfit.
Yanks playing out their skins..
Poughkeepsie thank you for being a thing
See that!? That's what freedom looks like!!
My life came full circle tonight as I watched George Thorogood take a shot of scotch in the same spot Gov. Cuomo gave his State of the State
You deserve what you want now what you settle for.
\"I FOUND THE HOLE\"
Cruising around and blasting
Officially seeing Katy Perry in September in Vegas!!
Leaving my bed in the morning is one of the most difficult parts of my day...
My brother is probably having the worst time of his life rn
I always say \"my mom said no\" when I don't want to go somewhere lol or make up some dumb excuse
Vacation Bible School June 23 to June 27 carnival theme:) Esparto Countryside Church
HOLY FUCK!!!!!!!! USA USA!!!!!
My sister bought me a huge ice cream cone.
Amazing wknd! sad it's over but so happy to sleep in a bug free zone tonight!! Mariam is currently googling why our big toes are numb!! Bye!
Maturity. Pass it the fuck on
Some people are the best. :D
Most people go to the gym to tone up and I just scoop ice cream at friendlys
\"My belief is stronger than your doubt.\" Thank you - Fall 7 times, stand up 8
I mean I find out shit but I won't let it be known till shit needs to be revealed
I want to go to bed and sleep forever.
Slow down, I just wanna get to know you.
Good night sleep heals everything .. Yesterday sucked!! Today is a new day
Just spend $135 on 1 outfit from lululemon...
Why is it so hot in this damn apartment
If you went to EDC, don't post your feels on twitter. People won't feel bad cause it was drugs
I wish Twitter Had that One Button that u push and it takes your Account Off Of Eveybody Phone who got your Account
Chris should've opened the damn show!!!!
I wish I had no self respect and posted half naked pictures on the internet... oh wait
I miss the fuck out of all my friends
Wow I got geometry for 2 periods -.-
Its june wheres the new yeezi's?
Well I know I ain't gon be able to go back to sleep -.-
Rainy start to Thursday. Yankees got that W though.
CLINT DEMPSEYYYYY!!!! USA MOTHAFUCKA!!!!!
Summer 2014 aka the summer I became a hat person
This boy DiPonzio can go to buffalo to see his girl for 2 days but can't hit me up til 11pm to do something... Forgettin about his boys
\"I'm surfing a wave of vodka on a surfboard of not giving a fuck\" -
I live a different kind of life when I am with you
Somebody gone go see the purge anarchy with me fuck the bullshit
Why you say I'm yelling when I'm whispering?
Forever alone and in bed
And i don't even like soccer....
CLINT DEMPSEYYYYYY JAHRJSBRISNRKSJRJW FTWWWWWWWWWW WITH A BROKEN NOSE USA USA
\"Why do side niggas\/bitches exist\"\nNow this the confusing part. Side mfs exist because you mfs dont appreciate the person u got.
Kool Kids Klub
Vamp life is back on , holla at ya boy
Been here for a minute u niggas just catching on
\": When I'm with you, I feel like I'm a better person. I feel happier... less alone, less lonely.\"
Ushers \"Burn\" came on and a 12 yr old next to me asked me who sings this.
When we are mindful we find greater joy in the small moment-by-moment pleasures of life, we are more fully present -Lama Surya Das
I wish I could just sleep in one day
Stoll has such high expectations for me tomorrow haaaaa she's gonna be very disappointed
Scavenger hunt: Find ice
WE WANTED TRANSITION, WE GOT IT!!! !!!
life feels so much better without technology and as an official lifeguard
and Costa Rica made it!!
Be good. Thank you. I'll be right here.
Y aparecio despues de 30 dias en el desierto. Solo queda callar y disfrutar
You'd think I'd get used to this by now
Awwe man I forgot my poncho
Officially lost my Ferris wheel virginity
I think we're like the wind and sea.
All that meat talk made me hungry
how am i still awake ?
Doesn't feel like the Fourth of July
Man we're is my weed man at what the hell
S\/o to thee one and only happy born day yung Turtle
Let's get it.... Osoarragant I'm so osoarragant
I just woke up on my bathroom floor like I went to go pee and I guess was too lazy to go back to my room
I will never understand how my room is always so hot and the rest of my house isn't
Jermaine Jones had him FROZEN!!
Just because you tatted dont mean you cute
Just saw Justin Compton at and holy shit is he huge.
and no teasin you waited long enough
Lmao nah bruh I just lightweight pissed myself
i didn't want to be alone this summer.
Steve's friend Jason has been staying w us over the weekend, &amp;hes so fucking weird. He helps himself to every&amp;anything in the apt too
I wasn't fit for it,\n\nI needed a taylor.
Rush hour on muni &lt;&lt;&lt;
\": but i guess u were never mine to lose\" that's what scares me
If Klinsman cellyed harder he'd have a heart attack
so over what's on the radio these days
Looking for the closest bomb ass Mexican restaurant rn
No white people In neshaminy talk to me now lol.
It rained and it's still humid as fuck out
Auto correct is the best when you're drunk but sucks dick when you're sober
The last time I got to see live on stage she was an apple seller in Annie. Tonight I finally get to see her again
Chile is the best South American team right now
Not tryna jinx it but haven't gotten a mosquito bite yet
Rickie Fowler please get your eyebrows waxed.
Don't let the beautiful things in your life become habits. Reflect on them, appreciate them. Habitual behavior is a cousin to apathy.
10 you make of me and my height on constant basis i hate you jk
Excited for my son's 5th birthday party and my all girls beach party.
When you take fabulous nudes then remember you don't have a boyfriend
