Shout out to the kid who did the thot walk when he grabbed his diploma
I've been listening to some trill ass music lately
I ignored your text then you walked in. Now that you're here what am I supposed to say?
My little brothers friend is sleeping over and he keeps taking massive shits in my bathroom and it's disrupting my sleep.
Summer in November I gave everyone a Maybach
I really feel some type of way right now.
Wondos gotta come on
I'm Stevie wonder...with beads under the Du Rag
Last chance to take selfies or buy merch, Chula Vista! Come say hi.
You can't expect me to be fine, i don't expect you to care
yo this is on TV. time to get the tits out
Boy, this show has a lot of people I want to punch.
Bouta take a nap
My boi Messi!!!
CALLED THAT SHIT
\": lol you got it lol\" tell me something I don't know
Why did chorus have to sing
Reconnecting with old friends &gt;&gt;
I have a 4 hour break tomorrow.
You got that smile that only heaven can make I pray to god everyday that you keep that smile
I would say last night was POPPIN!!
I wanna see 22 jump street!
At least From Parts Unknown is streaming so I can punch myself in the face it is so heavy
What?! I can use my bing points for Applebee's?!
Rad Fems have to deal with s&amp;m lesbians, sex positive feminists, hetero rad femmes, lesbian separatists. All were efforts at purity
When I'm mad &amp; I say \"bye\" it doesn't mean don't reply, I'm expecting a \"No bae chill\" or at least a \"U know damn well u not going to sleep\"
I don't like people who lie
True life: I'm addicted to carbon auto theft
So I'm having a good the with the true bae
30 second goal
My stretch marks make me self-conscious but also reminds me that I don't want to be the person I once was...
Any song with Project Pat and Juicy J is automatically downloaded.
bf asked me to delete tinder so I deleted him instead
That shower felt amazing.. Now time to sit in my towel and be lazy lol
\": Is ther a difference between complaining and venting?\"no
Finance chair opens budget approval cmmte mtg with announcement that her son has just taken first steps.
\"Darla is very active ya know\" - Keith ..darla is a 16 year old dog..
Vincent Van Gogh used to eat yellow paint so he could be happy on the inside.
There's a stern difference between \"milk and sugar\" and \"light and sweet\"
Maybe something performance related? Seems like it would be great for varying screen sizes\/responsiveness.
Maybe it's because I'm an uneducated, impure heathen that knows little about soccer, but I actually like PKs. The drama is insane.
.glad you reviewed the leaf been using it for 2+ years and great results with my Sony HD set.
Will I ever be fucking satisfied
\": the tan lines that I have are unreal\"
My header really WINNNNNNNNNIN' &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; FAWWWWWWWK !
No more tweets.\nTime to watch every minute.
if you wit it them im wit it
Ever can't sleep cause you haven't talked to someone?
One of mah followers is too damn sexy
on a spoon. on a spoon. on a spoon. on a spoon. on a spoon. on a spoon.
If I see you walking around in New York wearing patriots gear, you might as well consider yourself my friend
The spurs play like an old men's league team
I'm still not tired. On episode 3 of SVU. Help.
JERMAINE JONES MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER
Sometimes I just need to be left the fuck alone.
My Scorpio ascendant has been really prominent lately.
BPM STOP PLAYING THE SAME FUCKING SONG OMG
Stop emergency unemployment payments---unemployment drops by .2%. Who knew! (Conservatives).
And the dish man tells me he's scared of Cherry Grove
I got all dese hoes starin when I walk thruuuu
\"tomorrow im gonna take a shot everytime i see someone wearing a dress\" -
Big Daddy Candy Kane - -
Hahhhhha still waiting for an answer
Starting to hear from the Dodger fans. Bring it!
&gt;&gt; Where do you see yourself in six years? \n\n&gt; Fingering my wife in the back of one of my art galleries.
The fact that Carini and Sabby live literally 30 seconds away from me. &gt;&gt;&gt;
A lot of people have mouth diarrhea talk to damn much !!!!
\": ooooh shit son\" it ain't an oh shit moment til I'm on the damn radio if he such a fan lol.
M2.9 - 23km NW of Dixon Lane-Meadow Creek, California 30\/06\/14 19:54:47 EDT [UD: 30\/06\/14 20:11:09 EDT] Depth: 6.1km (3.79mi)
Hope you do, too!! \": Last part of the interview tomorrow, really hope I get the job\"
I bet your kicking yourself, for letting me walk away. Making yourself a list of things you wish didn't say. Wanting your phone to ring.
The shootout in soccer is idiotic.
We made a map of a product
\"I'm gonna wear all jean today because \" -
\"you hate me\" is the most annoying thing anyone could say to me
The fact that my mom wants to try and get out from under my stepdad and possibly get a divorce makes me feel guilty for wanting to enlist
Wow song game over smfh
Fancy by and playing to get excited for the weekend!!
crazy we all got da same sky...cwazy I only wanna share it wit 1person.
Going to bed at 5 in the morning isn't a good idea lmao
You can tell a lot about someone by who they chill with.
F u American eagle sports bras
Ik that it is raining but please its 4th of july dont come to kohls
Starting today, I'm gonna forget about what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
I JUST WANT THE COOKIES BUT I HAVE TO STAND MY GROUND
said you can have whatever you like :-)
I can't wait to be back in Oxford
Followed by a 3 after
Sister let's go to in and out
Been up for a while thinking about giving up on some past friends (sadly i would hear nothing 4 a month if I didnt try)
I just applied for Tesla. Lawl.
I think it just hit me that I'm not going back to high school
Happy video was a international sensation guys, how you didn't see this coming?
I said thank you, slowly walked out of his sight, and freaked out. It was unbelievable.
Idk how many times i gotta tell people to stop texting me my name and exclamation points.
Sooo that's how you want it to be
people be texting me the wildest shit
Keep pushing. We're one of the fittest teams. Keep pushing the pace on them.
That grandma threw a knife at that dude like at 60 miles an hour. Wth is this
I'll never understand why the Dipset albums never came close to Diplomatic Immunity even after they roster got better.
hawas currently telling me about her relationship with drake
I have never exercised on purpose. I do fun stuff that is also physically demanding. If you don't like it, you're never gonna stick to it.
They're putting a Narc in the house!
trying to finish season 1 of
too many people in my house
So I look like a cute version on Kanye. Word
I don't tweet much lately I just scroll
Feel somebody may hold a red card in this game lool just me
Thank you for your contribution to the Rangers this year. Played hard on the ice and was great the two times I saw him off of it.
if i know that im going to fail chem tomorrow do i have to study?
I believeeeeeee!!!!! USA USA USA
I love you Dempsey!!!!!!!!!!!!
Drinking a mikes hard and watching the games today!
The Lord is near to all who call on Him.
Idk where I'm going with this lol
Perfection: \"Happy\" as performed on Soul Train. attn .
I think I may do a performing art in college. Like dancing!
I texted the person who texted me who's number is this
it's been 2 weeks of summer and I'm ready for it to be cold again :-)
This is the question I ask myself every week
my dad just gave Versace socks and said happy belated birthday ahh
Legit got the chills
Ugh so not in the mood
I want to go out today but my lazy level rn is at 100
Could really go for a nice bagel rn
The end may also be the only beginning
Klinseman wishes he brought Landon now... Stupid ass decision
Looking fwd to a weekend of and
The more I think about it the worse I feel
Richard and Lucho have been in the computer history museum for almost 2 hours. Richards mom and I are sitting in the car like .......
If i could only be so lucky to get a follow from my life would end
TL breaky then let's get this started
\": white boy wtf who are you your skin is as white as me\" I'm white now guys hahahahaha
\": It's all cupcakes and booty pics until you hit 1%\" YUP
Royals breaking their losing streak by beating the Dodgers kinda makes me sad inside..
Justin just knocked my bike over violently with his bike and turned around and sped away. I am injured on the outside AND inside.
Should be in camp at Shabbat but instead I'm home in bed eating sushi and watching netflix
I can't even go to sleep omfg why .
this is the only time I like Mets classics
Same convo twice .. I swear any one else try to bring it up again getting fucking punched in the head
WONDERFUL PERFORMANCE DUET BY JHENE AND Mr. LEGEND.
Too smart to play a dumb game
que asco ustedes que ponen ''me'' en las fotos de ustedes obvio todos saben que son ustedes ni modo que una mierda o tal vez
Poked my head into a bar and saw the US score a goal. Clearly this is a sign.
She told me \"how a sexy man like you bored?\" That's a good question..
mt triste pra sair da cadeira pra ir cagar
This has to probably be the perfect night rn
\": fuck a fake friend where your real friends at\"
baby I'll paint the sky blue, my greatest adventure was you.
I've been playing flabby bird since it's release almost and I STILL cannot get past 14....
Enserio luego bajo una hora al gym porque me siento mal conmigo misma...
I am not on my selfie game today
To die by your side \nIs such a heavenly way to die
Im literally just setting myself up for disaster, gotta dip
Tyler Posey is a hottie as well
Srry township of Howell for my combos littering
*throws back head and belts* \"I know He's alright!\" it's time for
Tell Maribel or Tessa to call me real quick
That guy needs to work on his excited face
Guess I gotta wait til I'm married lol
When your flight is delayed like 2 hours &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I fux with citrus vodka and Baja blast
Nasty fuckin save by Howard
Get that nigga alllllll the way together girl
I'm so surprised I'm burnt from sitting in the sun for 20mins...said no redhead ever.
Dead Wrong bout to get mad spins in the club I promise you
Would staying up to watch the sunrise be a good idea?
I just want someone to watch p!atd and walk the moon with me in August pls
I actually love The Days.\nIt's gold
There really needs to be a Tim Hortons somewhere between my house and chautauqua. But nooooo
Manu is the GOAT
Cousins graduation wednesday and her grad party sunday she's growing up so fast :(
I'm gonna miss pride. :,( haha
As soon as I'm falling back asleep my dad wakes me up ahhhhh
So done with this Stats class.. is it Thursday yet?
She said can I bring my girlfriend too?
I can't wait to see danni today to punch her in the throat :)
Oh and how I went to sit on Kara's lap and she tipped over and we both fell on the floor while she poured her whole drink on me
last night was well needed
Told Alan that if he wins the lottery then he's going to have Eric build me a custom Jeep Comanche for mudding
Dormirte en un sillon toda doblada no fue la flor opcion jajaa
get up on my level.
Malia really girl really...u still need to EARN the right to be in Scott's pack!!!!
Im convinced some of these girls have pretty sever issues that I can not compete with
I had a wonderful amazingly awesome time today!!!!
It's easy to get over someone that's changed
Goal for USA 30 seconds in to the game!
i miss :(
Taking advantage of nice people gon get u fucked up
Empire State Of Mind - Jay Z (ft. Alicia Keys)
What a RIP!!!!!!!! Jermaine jones baby
Whyyy would I help you when you still owe me moneyyy? !
Those moments when you do something questionable and just ask yourself \"who am I?\"
Netflix actually has a ton of good old films, thank you I fuck with you
GET ON YOUR GAME omg
My stepdad gives me brain ulcers when he talks.
I always get bored of people after a while
I told myself just to walk and let the rumors run
\"She's an alcoholic blowjob machine and you're welcome\"
\"I don't fuck with no heroin but I do love me some candy\"
I don't see why you act like this...
USA. USA USA USA!!!!!
Smoke before the club no molly
\/\/En las peliculas de barbie siempre tiene que girar en plan \"Bitch I'm fabulous\"
Soo wish Dria was here to listen to me bitch while smoking a few
And it's a wrap can't wait for you guys to hear this song!!!
honestly, think I might make the switch to , so unbelievably disappointed in the service from
food looks so much nicer in the pictures vs reality
Missing this fucking game because won't stop fucking talking to some old man for 20 minutes
Can't believe I'm still up smh...
I woulda have braids during the chapter that he puts anas hair in a braid lmao
They forgot about me at the dentist &amp; I fell asleep for an hour! I was there for 3 frickinn hrs...smh
During the winter we post it when the goat walks across the road.
Why can't I be skinny why is it so hard
Equal parts of both lol RT \": Can't tell if ppl are fans of the sport or of nationalism .......\"
Zamaninda her hareketini izledigin kisinin zamani gelince sikinde bile olmamasi cok garip
Mama there goes that man again
Chris Brown - Wall 2Wall
Shane started wearing mids now I have none because he takes all of mine.
Tap on my window, knock on my door
Someone come visit me
This is how crazy my life actually is for those who don't know
My mom said I can't eat dinner because I didn't help make it...yet she never asked me to help?
Jay Z a dumb nigga for cheating on beyonce
The past is only the past; you will always have the memories, but you do eventually have to let go no matter how hard you want to hang on !
Nothing doper than a sweet a capella rendition of \"some nights\" by fun.
I need to see Luke Bryan in concert
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA.
After a year and a half of not answering, do you think he would get the hint?
I just want to die
If I hear another 0-100 freestyle ima pull my hair out..
WTF DID I JUST WATCH SON YEO IM DEAD
if you believe in something, never give up
why is so funny and pretty!!!! like i dont get it!!!!
Everyone thinks I don't want kids like no I do just when I'm like 32 lol
On 27th imma put on all of the songs I know about getting high bc it's going a one month-aversary since the Zouis video was leaked ayee
Everyone falls in love sometimes
Nothing says I Love You like CRABS!
\"When should I come over\"Tom \"idk my mom and I don't have a way home from the bar\" MY LIFE
Right in the beak!
Bill Torrey that's a good GM
my young tokos on the team be tryna eat on 11on's .
Well this is the most awkward time of my life.
I hate sleeping with close on
Juggle my nuts, use your two hands while I juggle these fucks
Oh no. No no no no.
Hey , I looked around but can't find any reference on how to implement custom watch faces for Android Wear... Any hint?
Can't wait to get away from you all day tomorrow
Over this y'all boring
\"African people believe that the concept of knowledge begins with knowledge of thyself\"
I don't even know how to feel about tomorrow being the last day
coughed so hard I puked... love it
Got her lookin so hard that her neck hurt
sage and my mom put bww \"wing man\" hats on my dogs and bella got so scared she pee'd on the floor
Shoulda let this pimp's hoe bitch from the town get your ass when I had the chance
Tab and I are really getting twisted on a Monday!!! Lmao
I just are a full plate of food, why am I hungry again?!
That moment a stripper curves you like crazy but u see her drive off in a beat up hoopdy....PRICELESS
\"you are what you listen to\" \nI'm Wiz Khalifa now everyone
Lol I feel like my twitcon makes me extra fucken creepy!! Especially with the kind of shit I say lmfao
I guess that's how it is these days. I guess that's how it goes
It's hard to deal with the pain of losing you everywhere I go.
Can't wait to be in NYC today
1. Proprietary technology \n2. Network effects \n3. Economies of scales\n4. Brand
I love bad bitches that's mah fuckin problem !
El recibimiento de Darwin Ceren fue mejor que el de Kaka (?)
Girl I swear to god people pay for a smile like yours
It makes absolutely no sense to me when a girl gets on a diet to lose weight instead of working out.
I love walking around touristy places like Fisherman's Wharf &amp; people-watching all the different jerseys.
Sitting in bed on your phone and watching tv realizing you've been in the dark for hours lol
deb just threatened to \"fucking kill me.\"
WHY DO I PUT MYSELF DOWN FOR NO REASON
The search for the greatest in begins.
Been applying to all these places with no calls back tha fuk is that shieet
It's pretty cool how you think I care about what's up with your life, but you know nothing is up with it. NO ONE LIKES YOU bye felisha
Cause you're a sky full of stars cause you light up the path
\"I would've taken you to Moes\" worst text I've gotten all day
everyone talking about soccer really makes me miss hockey
my sister better be thankful I'm pretty much being her caterer this weekend.
Derek goes in the gas station &amp; comes out with a 16oz redbull and a 20oz redbull says \"here, here's one for tonight &amp; one for the morning
HE keeps saying SCANDAL THE CLICK
Judging by the noise outside Harry, Hermione, and Ron just apparated into Astoria..
If you don't know the story, then don't fucking tell it
I woke up at 8 and jesses still asleep...
If you don't deal with your demons they will deal with you
Still can't even believe he pulled out a 97 mph fastball up and in on that stage
5) when lost his student ID 4 or 5 times within a week.
2014 Chris rock is funnier than Kevin hart
Live ya life how you see fit. Everyone could tell you how to do it, but ain't never did it.
robin thicke a real nigga bc they playing him on 106.
Can I just hire someone to go shopping and pick out all my outfits for next year
Where are we?
As long as Nuno keeps the ball down he can be very effective
Brah I had the realist dream ever
Almost paradise, how could we ask for more?
Broke a bottle of the wine. I am sad.
.just yellow theme your email client
Words with opposite meanings shouldn't be spelled the same: resigned &amp; resigned. New contract or quitting?
I want a husband that does cute stuff like that for me
Look for me at the giants v padres game tonight. I'll be the one catching the home run ball
I deadass reply like 45 minutes to an hour later lmfao
At least I can look forward to that poker game that you promised me once I get up there with you. Might take some time buddy
QUIERES QUETE DIGA LA VERDAD NI QUE FUERAS MI CELULAR PA'QUE ME DE MIEDO PERDERTE..
I haveta pee, but we're struck in traffic. Hate when this happens! Haha.
NYC punts it away on first drive of the 3Q. LI ball at its own 32
The jersey boys was the longest movie of my life. It was good tho
Well deserved goal tbh
I think I'm in need of a girlfriend
Literally he followed me all the way home just to make sure I got here safe cause I fell asleep at the table.
*Shrugs* Im always hungry SO WHAT
I just viewed my last free digital article of the month. I guess the jig is up, bub.
I'll just be over here, drinking a giant Bloody Mary and live tweeting old episodes of 30 Rock.
Being allowed to keep discussion of your family and social life private at work, and no one is compelled to on that.
My pickup line: \"hey, you look like you build computers.\"
Cena is soo good looking
Can someone call me &amp; vamp with me
tonight's the night, let's take this back to where you reside. pull them panties to the side girl. bust it wide.
was such a great movie!
I feel like God just answered all of my prayers... my brother reached out...
Manically applying for jobs in makes you hyper aware of how many amazing things are going on in The City.
There's always that one person that you'll never lose feelings for.
I went swimming in Vegas.. So my hair changed color.. Hmm
Or give me your number &amp; I'll text you.
The Greek coach was sent off?
Subways swindled yall. Jared hit the fucking gym. Eat fresh what
If Brazil change their no. 9 position to something better than a trash bag than I think they have a serious chance of making it to the final
Dad painted the kitchen but it looks the same to me??????
I want the power of convenience.
This place just loves screwing me. So pissed off right now
You getting ya self into situation you not gonna be able to get out of
Not kiking, texting, calling nobody back
And after these white-staffed agencies work SO tirelessly to help our poor little black &amp; brown kids, they won't hire them!
Happy 16th to my sister. She think she grown now...
Some rainy never hurt nobody
-starships by nicki minaj is heard playing faintly at my funeral-
Oh shit I thought he's be the last nigga to win
Lol have to get my car towed again.
Everyone who just favs a reply tweet is getting spamed
Perfect night: town docks and cigars with
Lebron could only carry the Miami Cavaliers for so long. Bosh and Wade have been on a milk carton since game 2.
Home Alone you know what that means by myself cause idk anyone in Cali
treat ya like milk I'll do nothin but spoil ya
gunna power through with no nap bc i am the warrior as well as the queen
wish you gave a shit about me, I could use your lovin ritenow
Omg, tae is the reason why i dont trust guys AT ALL. i deff had to be cheated on. i hate tae lol FML
Why is yeldin coming on
the fact that I went to sonic to see boo and it was closed upsets me.... this why I got trust issues
You can't be short when ur the one that's wrong lol
Eder is garbage
But love you have to realize being on top is always the loneliest. It's the price you pay.
Janae is lying she's listening to The Status Quo by the High School Musical Cast.....
I do not find princess Lauren funny or attractive whatsoever
my dad just got out of the pool and sat his fat ass on kori and she's crying
Here Go Jose With Her Non-Hits... Stevie Taking About A \"Smash\"
You don't appreciate the iPhone until your stuck using something after your iPhone breaks. I love you iPhone.
Yg told me not to love these hoes ,\nand i dont love em * kanye shrug*
Sad news guys, also ruled that puppies are no longer adorable and Game of Thrones has been cancelled
Where are you headed to after work? We're sponsoring the Silicon Valley BBQ Championships in Santa Clara tonight and tomorrow!
uk u have a serious issue when ur panicking for your friends that they have to go away for so long and cant see their moms.
my 9 year old neice likes
i straight up look like a teen mom when i walk around with joel in his stroller lol
Andre, go to sleep so I can tweet about sex
I still have that head ache from yesterday ugh
I'm not quite sure why but whenever I wash my car before 11 AM I feel so accomplished ha
nigga I'm papiiiiiib
which 3d mario was it where mario had a weird butt-walk thing when crouching instead of doing a belly crawl. im thinking galaxy?
I never meant to hurt u, I meant well when I was with u but we are better off going out seperate ways.
The cruise down the hills was perfect to
Change is like not cool but sometimes really cool
Not allowed to have drinks containing alcohol...so who has a funnel?
If shawty really fucks with you, she'd push you to do better
Felicidades a Los y a mi hermano
All these girls getting sensitive about others having opinions about this country,give me a break.
and my windshield water smells like vodka
Jermaine Jones is God
Talk to me i talk back
Quiero el internet que hay en el Apple store en mi casa.
If you don't sing along to every song that comes on the radio when we are in the car, we can't be friends.
Damn lebron is skressssed not even stressed
My house is pretty fucked up hahahahahaha there's bear shit everywhere
Wouldn't want to travel around the US much rather dip to Mexico or Europe
My body is shutting down on me god damn you firefly
Everything in me is so thankful for everything around me
Justice will always be served.. Wait on it
OR TWEET BYE YOU THIRSTY PPL CAN'T GET ANY OR.. keep that shit private idgaf
Summer hoes turning into winter wifeys.
Hey every fandom buy first single. U won't regret it. It would mean the world to him.
Can only say sorry so many times
I need something fun to do today
Do I look this sexy in real life
Nnnoooo his hami :(
The key to a healthier timeline...removes all the morons complaining 24\/7 about the TH album, post pics and there you go
Watching the purge again for the 20th time
Leonard needs to get the MVP..
Deciding to make this pizza or not\n\ndecisions decisions...
Oh and happy 4th for all of you who got the day off -____-
It's levels to this shit boy
Living our high school dream right now
I have no idea what my mom sprayed but as soon as I walked in my house it smelled like the pine trees on soarin over California!
This guy is a midget and weak but his girlfriend is here wearing a dump load of make-up AND showing boob. Time to get your weight up bro.
Goaalllllll USA USA USA!!!
Don't enlist the opinions of the herd. Don't enlist the opinions of energy suckers! Enlist the opinions of ENERGY GIVERS
Boarding delayed 25 minutes, thanks Obama
i need to make a pros and cons list on whether or not i should play football or not
So many doctored balls...
Here's something I hate: People who don't call when they say they will when it's an important work matter. Makes me physically ill.
Okay okay that was a golazo! But anyways
If his career ended tomorrow, would Lincecum be a hall of famer?
YAY POWER!!!!!!!! I barely survived the 45 minutes without it
Every in this house is being a bitch to me rn
I don't have work till Wednesday
We build \"walls\" up b\/c we've been hurt too many times. So we feel protected inside our walls, until we let them down again...
I think 36 seconds is a record....
Worked a10 hour shift and came home to an empty house and no food. Someone. Please kill me.
Can I stay in Santa Cruz forever
The best part about the Fancy performance was Nicki's dancing. No no no no shade.
Espn making us watch the roll call was unbearable
I don't even know why I get my hopes up so damn much
Did Disney all weekend. My kid had lots of more fun than he deserved with fans son. They tore the park up
If \"crazy things\" are always happening to you, then YOU'RE THE CRAZY THING.
best part about getting to know someone is the long texts
I wanna move here so bad. I fell in love with this place all over again.
Beckerman be looking like yo local drug dealer
Can't really maneuver the trailer cuz the tandems way back. Such a headache
Put a fork in it now.
Hate my life never ever taking summer classes again
Really looking forward to watching this heat gameeee.
Cutting everybody off made me realize a lot
Now he know how it feel ! Good flop mills
Just wanna get this last final over with because then I'm officially done with junior year and I can actually enjoy my summer
I was in a car accident on my way up to work this evening, prayer would be greatly appreciated
You'll commit suicide tryna read my mind
Four girls trying to start a fire
aaand is trending lol \"Ex-tabloid editor Andy Coulson convicted of phone hacking; Colleague Rebekah Brooks cleared.\"
I wrote \"knowingly\" but there's no way you wouldn't notice your ice is shaped like a fucking dick
\"How about 5 years, $25 million? Wait. 6 years, $36 million. No. 7 years $49 million.\" -Nonis, stalling and googling 'negotiation'
Its 3am &amp; I'm thinking of you so much &lt;3
Starbucks is raising its prices soon.. At this rate, soon I'll be lucky if i can get my soy lattes for 10 bucks
I'm sure I just reached my breaking point. Fuck everything I'm done
Spent the morning studying up on Oracle and this afternoon basically doing data entry..
every 4th of july joke is \"tea in the harbor\" BE FUCKING ORIGINAL AND THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE
Putain cette aprem j'ais meme pas de Compas, de Raporteur, d'querre, j'ais pas de Crayon de papier rien juste la Calculette et un Stylo
Best goal ever
Surrounded by Brits, Australians, and Kiwis and I couldn't be more excited
I hardly know any of these peoples names and I've done to school with them for 3 years
I liked 'Trap House 4' using the app
Really excited that made it to the top 20! Let it be known that there is talent in NY State.
Like my new video or die
Turn up at grape day park..lol jk
who is going to warped on july 12th?IF i'm going,i would like to meet you so please favorite this if you are going :)
Quiero que meta otro gol Messi!
LETS GO SPURS
A cup of after brushing teeth. Ive yet to find a positive outcome. I will never learn.
It's hotter than satans ball out here
I hope heard me belting Regina's part of You Don't Know Me. It was sick.
\"A cute guy looked at me and smiled and I looked away because I didn't know what to do\" HAHAHAHAH
\"Like he totally like knows what shark it is by how they swim by and by like their skin, he's had like 50 encounters surfing.\" Reeeaaaally?
Called a 24-hour locksmith company. They sent a semi-drunk Russian who charged $250 to drill &amp; replace the lock. Then I found the key. FML.
Lol can't leave my phone around my sis for a sec
Got a piercing at the boardwalk.. I'm so trashy
\": The downside of a +relationship: there can be a disconnect in the relationship.\" so true..
I don't even look at my battery percentage anymore it's so unreliable
When some random called me uce I've always been like: \n\n- Sup uce \nMe- Sup usi, how's life?
Ahhh so mais amanha aquii,nn qro ir emboraaaaaa
aff a pessoa nao conversa fala gritando
Missed a chance to go to Washington and Chicago because of my work. Oh well.
But I'm loling at the traffic.
Sim Bhullar a simbhul of pride? Hehe
I think I could be a scientist who studies humans. bc humans are so dumb especially the ones who don't think were just animals.
Do whatever you want to do that makes you the happiest
Pharrell is wearing man uggs to an award show....... Y
I'm sorry, we're looking for the 'mexicans who feel sad because we just got eliminated from the world cup' stage, you know where that's at?
One Tree Hill &gt; sleep
There's a douchebag version of in 24 Bagel
HELL MOTHER FUCKING YEAH
Everyone thinks im gunna end up a alcoholic when I grow up but na I refuse to be dumb
Jack Gilinsky's jawline tho
I mean high kick much
If Ronaldo keeps playing like this then USA might have a chance
My TL is killing me. Y'all crucifying Ghana already lol
Why cant it be 9 already
There are so many LeBron fans crying right now and I love it
mucho por hoy con el
nice start a BB for duda
Dance with me, sway with mee
I just couldn't break your heart like you did mine
This is when a girlfriend would come in handy...a massage is needed odee
Is it bad that I want Heatley on the isles
At a stand buying a drink when I say pop I get a confused look, I quickly say soda, a woman next to me laughs&amp;asks where I'm from
Watching the bachelorette with matts family when all of the sudden matts like \"wait does this mean she's a whore? She's dating like 8 dudes\"
\": Damn I need to catch up on some sleep\"
I always 4give whole heartedly... but I realize some things just arent meant 2 b
Already looking at flights to come home for Thanksgiving
I be getting hellla mad out the blue. Litterally ready to cuss somebody tf out . I need to chill out. I aint got no business being mad
Oh cool I forgot today was make sure you totally ignore the fuck out of Tyler's texts day.
You can't one thing, then say another and the act like you never said anything...like what?
NYC VILLAINS WHO AM I GONNA SEE THERE??
Sooo happy Jacob took care of me all day today
MESSI GOOOOOOOOOOOL PULGA PULGA
Whats your real name &amp; not your stripper name?
Anyone trying to hit the mall in a little bit
It's not 'manly' to drink and drive. It's stupid
Tearing up the place I'm a rich nigga got Chanel on my waist
Lebron is tryna make those desperate 3s, man you gotta focus! LMAO
my dog won't eat unless I sit here and watch her...
I ain't fucking with you like that , not hardly..smh
Mejor por favor ni vallas para ya ;)
Sex in the rain would hit the spot
Finally home and everything pay and ready for camping out in Pismo this weekend yayy can't wait
I'm about to make your day: based on a recent study, tequila can aid in weight loss
I know these two leach bitches, that trynna be everywhere &amp; anywhere
And now I remember why I never trust anybody :)))
Potatoes, bananas, peanut butter for every meal forever
oh shit I forgot I understood french.
10th anniversary of . and
The fact that no one touched my bwall that was out in the open last night shows me what real friends are
You would think I was leaving for a year with all the stuff I'm packing
USMNT is underrated but not to point where they will win it! !
THEIR VOICES HAVE DEVELOPED SO MUCH IM SO FUCKINF PROUD
My mom just asked me why didn't I go with him to Mexico to see his grandpa..
If a guys shorts go above his knees I'm probably judging him
About to hit this light 2.65 Mile Run......
I only been in love once and it wasn't even love
Everything but my liver loves summer
Plot twist: Andi gives Chris Harrison the final rose.
Happy father's Day!
MOM IM GETTING MY LICENSE ON BIRTHDAY!
Congrats to and all of the participants and entrepreneurs on an excellent event
It's more attractive when you hold it down
Only reason it's worth it is the fat stack of cash I get to leave with at the end of the night
Larry Drew should go ape shit on the Bucks for kicking him out of town
sweep. get swept. Excellent weekend of baseball!
Joe you going to Timmy house today
And I'm sure as he'll not going to fucking act nice to anyone if they try to use fear to control me. Fuck that.
Ate a bagel and then realized there was healthier options. Now I feel shity.
In letter to Congress, President Obama announces deployment of 275 military personnel to protect US Embassy in Baghdad -
Lol spurs jus better
\": Typo *quiet. No one cares but it's bugging me ;) revision to previous tweet \".whew..glad u caught it
Wow. He violated.
Can i see your eyes, they show so much of me in you
Since and I always argue n public every1 always think we fightin behind the booth but we jus discussin candy rain ski goggles
ear piercing hurt more than getting your belly button pierced
Honestly just want to do something I'm so bored...
Dr Dre got 3 billion dollars ?! damn he rackin on the low low .
Kita tuh sama sama suka,iye, gue suka elu,elu suka die
5 more weeks just counting down the days till I'm out this bitch
what would you think of me now
the hat is super wet though .
that moment when you finally realize something that you should have realized years ago but it's just hitting you now.....
It was coming for a WHILE.
Why ya gotta be so rudeeee
I was kicked out of KFC for changing a diaper on the counter
why don't we all just grow up, and realize immaturity is getting old too.
Am i at motown the musical or a baptist church on easter sunday. Feeling under-dressed and not enough pastel
LETS FUCKING GET IT!!! DROPPIN SOME FUCKING FREEDOM AND MANIFEST DESTINY ON PORTUGAL!!!!
I'm in such a great mood to get faaaaaaded
He kept explaining all the differences between men and women, then asked for my opinion in healthcare in the US.
Lebron walkin lol
I deleted Facebook Messenger and the Facebook App off all my cell phones and tablet. Now I feel like a big weight is off my shoulders.
I be gettin mad when it come to my bitch ehmmmm she a good one she don't deserve that weird shit
beach in the am or nah?
Just saw is it weird that Kevin hart's voice can go higher than mine...
And so the Trek begins towards the compound for annual
My parents Know how to make a day great and terrible why have a talk with me today and not all night yesterday when we were together
\"The only thing I check out is puppies and cupcakes\"
Is that lebron out there? I cant tell
Dempsey! Dempsey! Dempsey! Dempsey playing Hero once again!
Why am I 's top snapchat
Step Back 3
*no comment* this kid is literally fucking restarted...
even I get lonely, sometimes.
Sleepy morning. Take me back to my bed!haha
We been wanting something this good for a while
Why is carter tired it's only 8:15 in Hawaii.
One of the sweetest things ever..
U cant trust everybody... the same people u call yo niggas will turn on u ina min
Congrats San Antonio
Suga suga how ya get so fly?
Realize this is at least my 3rd MUCH ADO in Central Park. Previously: Smits\/Johnston &amp; Danner\/Kline. Now \/Linklater. Lucky me.
Wow dream come true. Just pre-gamed with my parents at the A's game
honestly nothings the same anymore smh
You'd be surprise how fast I would text you back
Why am I being literally forced to go to lunch I don't wanna go anywhere
Oh that guy elbowed the shit outta him
I love my parents are out of town
Ok back to being a paper pusher \nback to being a regular person
3 more days of High School man
Take me for who I am or don't take me at all
run your fingers through my soft, fluffy ass hair.
Shawty luh the way that I floss out
There's no comeback!.
I just dont get it i really dont
Shop rite consuming my soul this week
I just wish USA would be better at football and call it that instead of soccer
Atleast I'm fucking happy so leave him the fuck alone.
Que jodido eso de sentir cosas por alguien.
I'm a bitch and I don't care about a lot of things
People do anything to get their tat Ina picture
I would get in an accident with a dude that has a back injury. Praying I don't get sued rn
No RT : Can I stay
When did you ever do that because everytime we tlk im the one tlking to you first.
What ever it is, they fought equally as hard! Playing a good game
Too crazy to go outside, not crazy enough to have imaginary friends
I hate kate and her berserkers
you can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
IS JOZY ALTIDORE SUITING UP *lizzie McGuire booty shake* this is what dreams are made of
Lol so gabby said sorry for not replying and I said it's ok and we talked And she hasn't answered me since 12 lol hmm
Oh after I finished my final paper... I hit the bowl... Hard... My friends will know the significance of that
Relationships are never a threat, cause I'll erase the history and act like we never met
True Life My Boyfriends Fed Up With My Weight, omg I'm so excited to see this Lmaooooo
Okay jack Bauer just throwing people out the window
I'll be your shoulder to cry on JJ. I love youuu
That dream just blew mine. Everyone in that dream blew mine.
I think im about to do a twitter story
it takes two to make a relationship work
It's easy to say you got money when you still living in ya momma crib.
My mom still doesn't understand that you have to pay for Internet every month
catch me on 99 doing 99
Just letting you guys know lol
Bruuuuuuuuh my sis got me weak
\"Don't know why I do do it \/ It's to relate to these songs \/ Understand what they are experiencing \/ And as the weeks go by \/ I can\"
porque esse lixo de you now nao ta buferingando
Love! : I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.\n-Lily Tomlin
i hope cher is hanging out with her family rn
this 1s for you n me, living out our dream..all I want to see is a sky full of lighters
im incapable of fangirling so I find it stupid.
First time sleeping away from home without my family!!:-\/
A guy with huge tits just tryed adding me on instagram
Im so rattled the Brian blocked me lmao
For someone who is truly petrified of needles, I sure put myself in contact with them more than necessary
I heard sleep is amazing yet my body refuses to try it.
I've always wanted to kiss a girl in the rain for some reason..... oh well, someday.
Am I the only one that doesn't understand the point of EDC? Most EDC goers look like strippers on crack...
THT TRAMP FACE DANI BETTER GTFO OF STEFS FACE AFTER SCREWING HER SON.
PSA: IF IM TEXTING YOU AND SHIT SENDS MORE THAT ONCE IM SO SORRY \nI dropped my phone in a puddle today on my way home from work!
Early Warning::: Tmrw\/Tuesday I'm going to be having a lil party at Lover's... 132 1\/2 7th St
. Things I like about wine: The Rhone. Without it we wouldn't have Shiraz or the Rhone Rangers from the central coast!\n\n
I took 2 naps and I'm ready to take another one.
US golllllllllll yaaa.
I think someone drugged me last night.
Hobby Lobby wants you to be a Mommy.
Buy me some dippin dots to seal the deal
Haven't slept in my own bed for like two weeks
Time to go to the zoooooooooo
Right thru his legs .
I'd rather do spontaneous wild things to have good story to tell later on then regret not doing it at all.
Mama D should have been chilled like wacka's mom ..
at this point i dont even care anymore
Watched some of the NBA draft last night. Now I'm watching the NHL draft. Cracking up at the huge differences =D
i have so much laundry to do tomorrow.
We're not meant to be, get over it
Me cae muy mal el fut gringo pero los clavados de Nani y CR7 son de osito.
This is going to be the hardest decision I ever have to make
\"Double wink? That's just a blink.\" -tony ticks
Lol you gotta get there like 10 hours before or some shit
\"All you ever talk about is girls, smoking, eating and pooping\"\n\"What else is there?\"
I'm on my phone way to much ... But idgaf.
Its up to him to put groupies in check or fuck it all up
to unfollow you or not to is the real dilemma rn
If jacob is a thot then he's my thot .
watching Hannah Montana on YouTube lol
The east village is really an American bro fest.
I love the beach but it's such a hassle ughhhhhh
Y'all be in the gym with no chance at anything, but never in the library...
She is not like the rest of the world.....
Question for all the Jordan Supporters: did MJs supporting cast ever play as bad as Lebrons did right now? Not even tryin to hate just askin
2 months until I'm 18 just wait
Phillys neeeeeeeeds to stay open past 7. Im always craving buffalo chicken fries at like midnight
like we had a lot of good times but we also had more of the bad times .
Socrates is not a great thinker
I love the hood\n\nNiggas out here throwing unofficial block parties
Son cosas del amor dime que quieres que haga !
Explosive airbags? Honestly how is that mistake even made?!
JUST FOUND $2 ON THE STREET... And it made my day is that sad?
Brazil v Colombia &amp; Netherlands v costa Rica !
The world cup slogan should be \"Help we've fallen and we can't get up!\"
In love with a white girl She's soft as powder
NYC Is so gay right now
Congrats . Whatever
If you a nigga and you worried about how many like another nigga get on ig, I'll question your sexuality
Btw, I saw my picture in one of these decks. Where was the photo credit??
Fuck Jozy we need ya brother get well
You better bet I'll front row at Shaggy on Friday
I can never fall asleeep without my beautiful girlfriend
Im here with a Blondie being rich
Damm walk it off bro
The downfall of having a Katrina rescue is that the rain isn't so calming for them.
oops you're a stupid bitch oops I don't fucking care
Just witnessed a dude use the term \"build a bridge and get over it\" as he walked away from a disagreement.
I really like to have the last word, but let me chill; for the sake of what's going on..
Worst 24 hours
Does anyone wanna go with me to the Museum Of Modern Art?
ima eat ya brains
I'm hot like a steak on a grill.
Donuts &amp; juice for breakfast . I couldn't resist the donuts lol .
whoa early morning jeff fav jeff go back to sleep
Beyonce &amp; Jay - Z really bodied that song!!!
Just Gotta Make It Do What It Do
Shout out to
If the homies ever start popping pills if whip they ass
WHEN I SEE PICTURES OF ANIMAL ABUSE I GET SO MAD AND HEATED
Does anyone know if there was a basketball game tonight?
Why is R. Weeks still playing over S. Gennett?!
Lol @ Arika being wasted rn for no reason
Byob restaurants would be my life but I love on longisland
(16) Fabio Fognini def. Alex Kuznetsov 2-6, 1-6, 6-4, 6-1, 9-7 in the 1st Round of .
If Mondays didn't exist, y'all would complain about Tuesdays. people are never satisfied with just waking up.
This Wiz Khalifa movie on netflix is shit
\": Ur not cool\" fuk u broh
Every meal I eat steak to make a statement, Patrick Bateman, thirty Mexicans in the basement, let's get it shakin
The least you can do is say I love you back
Sometimes I think people get so caught up in a subculture that they forget to be themselves. They forget to be happy. Just be happy.
Do you think Sun Power (SPWR) is still a good buy, or did I lose a chance to make money.
pretty sure I have chronic fatigue syndrome
So bored ... I wish there was something to do
Need to go shopping for on the run
OMG AND A FUCKING ROACH THE SIZE OF A FUCKING MOUSE WAS LITERALLY JUST NEXT TO ME OUTSIDE WHEN I WAS SITTING AT THE BUILDING NEXT DOOR
Gotta let it out.
\"To you it's confusing to me it's nothing new\"
When did they open up a Freshco next to Arlene's?
Holy lord WHAT A GOAL FOR JERMAINE JONES
I give up on a lot of things. And I no longer have a heart
If I'm interested in you, you're all I see. I won't look at anyone else or want anyone else.
Wouldn't you rather make someone's day better Instead of bringing them down
My dad better pay me for helping his club tmrw
All the other teams better take note and my teams too, &amp; do some homework cuz the is playing real basketball.
Hey : Did you know you were given a shout out in Ready Player One before you got to that part? Hearing you read that felt so meta.
I still wanna know why it took me 4 hours to get home from Long Island?!
some people say that me and are the same person...
Just follow me on snapchat yall will see!
Two good teams but I'm happy Spurs got it
some people hate on ppl that look 10x better than them, lol.
Lmao since when there was so many soccer fans? Daduqqqq
I could've sworn it was like 9
I'm going go fucking RING the guys neck who hit Alex's car.
Kathy &amp; I went driving in the golf cart in the thunder storm
The fact that teen Wolf is minutes away:D \n
Been at work since 7am and I'm just leaving Brooklyn smfh
Can our camp not make us wait an extra day to go to camp its so rude
Eder is so shit. We need pauletta back!!!
Damn it.... I need to flirt like right now.... Wtf....
Once I get a job again my life will be complete
Naaa I fucked it up.. He goes. Big whoop? U wanta fight about it? Hahahah I used to cryy at that
I cant stay up all night tonight sorry but I got things to do tomorrow, and be watchful of the soccer game.
I want Germany to play the USA and a better team to always win. But faith must be the team. Kilns man needs to love his team. They can do it
Wow I am daughter
Goalie didn't know what hit him, lol
if you turn down ice cream I'm cutting you out of my life. I don't need people like you.
Africans can neva keep their cool
Las mulatas son el simbolo de la sabrosura y el exotuqueo
being a creepy girl while kicks that pigskin or whatever you call \"playing soccer\"
why does 56 days feel like an eternity
OMG I KNOW IM LATE BUT STEVE BUSCEMI ON JOHN OLIVER LAST NIGHT
I don't fux w this migraine
my house is seriously falling apart.
I hate when only sports people or entertainment get the praise, if you work at McDonald's and you're trying to make GM, I respect that.
Worst game to be a player down.
went to school today to pick up my artwork and ended up talking to Ms. Leimsider about my life for about an hour
Talkkkkk to me nicely or don't talk to me at allllll
I hate hearing about soccer, might just be because I have no idea what they're talking about...
Fact 4: I'm a hopeless romantic.
The hose that connects to the water pump on her Suburban . Score her women conquerors motor ha ha we r women hear us roar:)
I think the T is the most diverse muni line. Yes.
When I pass de savannah I had to take over
Idk.if anyone is more excited then me for USA tm
Now I'm walking around with one of my big ass tongue rings lol
People be in wack relationships it scares me.
The Brotherhood of Culinary Cowboys sounds scary.
When finally ends I don't know where I will get my inspirational quotes and lessons from
I get home five minutes later, it's 1-1
I can't believe I was just chilling with the boys till this time just playing video games and talking about stupid shit lmao
No mom im not cryin over the strokes!! My eyes r red cuz i smoked weed
I wish roller coasters were like bars. You could skip the line if you're a girl.
Michael Ballack is hilarious on this World Cup Tonight show... Man is an absolute legend and his freshness is absurd
What am I even supposed to pack for Utah?
Attractive confident people don't need to be actin hard on a keyboard trynna ruin other people's days. Internet slander always ugly vs ugly
Been in New York for 5 minutes, already seen more people my age than in my two years in North Dakota.
\": Look at all the thots in the crowd with booty shorts. bet it smell like madussy out there .\"
So happy I got to see Andrew &lt;3
Just lit a blunt with a white lighter cuz that's all we had. Paranoid as a motherfucker right now.
Face to face with no rules, just like you I get lonely too...
T E E N W O L F
Woke up with a balloon face wtf
Casi el 3
Just deleted the PowerSchool app from my phone.. Graduating high school is too real
When you have a girl that is willing to work through everything with you, don't lose that. That's hard to come by now a days
Got a filling, used the time to absorb the lyrics of s excellent Splinter Remedies album. So glad I found em @ Davis Music Fest
Deep down I know this never works, but you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt.
Laying in my couch stoned and grandparents cousins and an uncle just appear. Help
still need to go to the mall and get an outfit for today ...
I know when your with those girls their wondering why your always calling my name
No pain no progress!!\n V. Henry
\": Either you like me or you don't, stop with the fucking games.\"
i've always wanted to have a crazy food fight in school
How quickly time is flyinggggg
I just turned the tv on...
I can't sleep. To much on my mind...
\"Id rather watch someone do their math homework than watch a baseball game\"
deve ser, se minha memoria do cel nao tivesse cheia zzz
Whole bar chanting USA USA
My day is just getting started.
Oh god Beyonce is performing why why why
To the people that dont respect my vision. I see right through you.
I'm so grateful for all my family &amp; friends I will never stop loving them
I'm Going To Bed, Now ; )
how do you say \"shut the fuck up\" in a friendly way
anyone know when the vector is getting nerfed?
Ghana is playing dirty af
Keep sending me numbers or emojies !!
Holy shit that was so nice
I don't understand how the fuck people continue to stand me I can barely even stand myself
Is there such a thing as bad pudding?
if it's not one it's another
Go today it's game day and time to prove a point
Ok my eyes are twitching. I think I need some sleep.
Can't even go on Twitch cause nobody funny is streaming
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
10 minutes til . &lt;48hrs til . Go steal Vince McMahon's money and subscribe to the . Right now.
FIREBALL FOR EVERYONE!!!!
I hope saves me a jello shot ...
Ur amazing..&amp; I have nothing 2 offer u, but I'm involved now. U jump, I jump, remember? I can't turn away w\/out knowin ur going 2 b alright.
10 Mind-Bending Implications of the Many Worlds Theory .ly\/1oBJmTH
I wish there was a yelp for stupid and sucky customers.
\": favorite rap album all time?\" illmatic, it was written, and stillmatic, the great depression, its dark and hell is hot +
Twitter-still thinks he is Brooklyn Borough President &amp; hasn't tweeted since real-Marty left office. Spooky.
Sitting home by myself is cool too
so it seems we've moved passed being sensitive. ok
So, geocaching is a good time
Spent so long trying to figure out how my chair and all its buttons work that my computer went on standby
Should I nap?
people that have no relevance to my life screen shotting my snapchat stories :\/\/\/
Once it hits 5 that's 12 hours and we still gotta unload and drive back to Martinez
Kevin is so bad idc and that suit on him
30 seconds in, bang
Jozy nooooooooooooo :'(
I just want someone to hugg me and tell me im gonna be okay
I need to make a change to my hair might dye it .. We'll see
Same time, I wouldn't be surprised to see Google drop IMAP\/SMTP client support. No bueno.
Great things are not meant for those who expect it
Till this day I dont get whats wrong with a bad lookin female teacher sexing a student , and how they get caught ,I mean I wouldnt say shit
I still have (and wear) my size 12 leggings from limited too.
lol u literally see how every day goes for me on my snapchat story right now
Dj sesh at chads house we gonna make a edm song !
Wonder if ii muss shout jason , causeee ..
lol i suck
Wow, the weather is just fantastic right now!
Now the flow is so lava
I tell my mom I'm not going to pick up dinner cause I don't wanna miss the game. So I go pick up dinner and they score. Thanks mom!!!
Why do I always get super hungry at the gym :\/
312 miles tm, gunna fly bye
talk to me, tell me your name. you want my life. I want the same. you say that it's meant to be, you ain't no celebrity. so stop.
I wonder if transformers movies is good or naw
It's so awk when you're at a friends house and their parents come in and blows their head off yelling at them about something
mica me reflego que hoy el colegio estubo re piola , CUANDO YO NO VOY PASA TODO LOK
Chillen out listening to \"the bad brains\" waiting for the potmon
Germany soccer game \nHot dog eating contest \nThis Kool aid \n!
Finally saw and the I could leave now and be content!!!
\"I wanna go play in the play pen\" -Jamie Phillips
I mean after a while it just gets old...
I like conversations where I don't have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally
The establishing shots in makes me miss London
I need a new scale!! Mine is such a piece of crap.
I know it's time to go to bed when Aleena and Hareem start harassing ahmer
If only I can shut my phone off.
Yosiris cotorra .. le cambie el nombre
I like the stretches where I don't have a coughing fit for 3 whole minutes.
Heading to California tomorrow to catch in Sonoma. Can't wait! Will be cheering for my man Carl Edwards.
My fucks are just running out by the day
I don't know the fatness just made him more funny to me. The fat matters
Im soo done smoking tho cuz it wastes so much money and as im growing up its becoming a problem financially
Who wants to go on an adventure on skateboards rn with Adam and I
No one to go out with again...woo
I have to pee rlly bad and there's like 927393 million speed bumps rn
I'm not afraid of anything. Except maybe carbs, cause I'm in a cutting phase right now
Like I said... Shits &amp; giggles Yes
The main purpose of the front passenger is to look out for cops
All black lets go do a hit, hoodie on they like who is that
There's something about Thom Yorke singing his songs live... You can really see he summons up the feeling when the first day he recorded it
I GET TO SEE SUPERNATURAL CUTE BOY TODAY OMG IM SO HAPPY BECAUSE HE ACTUALLY TALKS TO ME
I looked and felt like shit today
Heat fans be like \"lebron doesn't even need it, he wasn't even trying to win it\"
Roman Reigns. Damn dude. That segment was fantastic. And Sheamus might be a psychopath.
I hate when people spell ab with 2 b's like it's AB(S) not ABB(S)...?????
Whata sucky day
If I could sleep through the next four days, believe me, I would
Cameron come on bae
The road to power is filled with hypocrisies, and casualties. Never regret.
now you're waiting for something betta but what's betta than this
GOOD SHIT MESSI
I swear I can watch those surprise military coming home videos all day.
Pagal tha [thi] main pehle, yeh abh hogaya [hogayi] hun?
ETG squad is myself, , , and !
Happy birthday to my nigga who made lacrosse a season to remember. Thanks man.
I like that my dog can open my door so I don't have to let her out of my room
If you're bbq'n today, you're my cousin and that's the end of the discussion.
I hated Shannon bc she was annoying af and she was a bitch to me.
Sarah's going to Arkansas, mias going to canada, mikells going to Alaska...
The feeling of being unwanted&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I wanna go down to the hood
Happy Fourth of July!!!!
do you have friends form vine?
Anybody else get bored with watching the Sox and Yanks? I feel like they're on every Sunday night and the rivalry isn't what it used to be
While all you little babies are graduating I'll be smoking weed how's that make you feel
can please there are no words to describe how happy I would be if you called me like tbh
I fuckin hate working on Sundays
Idg why people think its ok to piss me off then say im over reacting when I snap
Now that my room is complete, I feel better.
Been Watching True Blood All Day
Lesson learned: gate info isn't updated on 's e-boarding passes post check in. I took JFK's scenic route this morning...
Ugh can't tell if I like you or not....
It could be 2863 AD and Germany STILL will not have out grown the moniker nazi cunt
\"I don't know who tupac is, you're talking to the girl who wears high heeled crocs\" -mom
I want to go shooting
lo amo!!!! eres el mejor&lt;3
LMFAO KIRA AND MALIA ARE SO LOST ABOUT KATE ARGENT
Desperado, why don't you come to your senses?
Don't forget to fall in love with yourself first.
I don't know what to wear .
Its so disgusting
this 9 year old girl cursing wtf
At home think god
I just deleted apps on my phone that I haven't touched since freshman year of high school...
La miraba a ella sola, me causo mucha ternuraaaaaa
Hi my name is Lauren and I'm a pickle addict \nHiiiiiii Lauren!
I say all us gays, lesbians, bisexuals get together and go to a gay bar!
Your boobs look like flappy shit in that dress
Barry Sanders dad called Barry the \"3rd best rb to ever live\" at Barry's Hall of Fame Ceremony.. HAHA what a dickhead. He's your son...
NEXT WEEK IS HOME TOWN DATES
I wanna give god a hug.
Got this interview with serius XM tomorrow not looking fwd to it...
I always end up listening to Faces. Why Mac Miller!!! Why!!!!
21 Well. Not much to say? You're really cute tbh c: um I barley know you tho :( any who DM me sometime c:?
The true thot niggas coming out... wanting nothing but ass n titties ready to cash out on the list
I need a credit card ASAP!!!
Moving back home was definitely not a well-thought out plan. Plentyyy of ai yai yai's here! Should've listened instead of the easy way out.
35 SECONDS AND A GOAL!!!!!!!!!
I'm gunna love you til you hate me.
He's telling her about his bitters collection. He called bitters and soda a \"solid drink.\"
Timeout. Why tf am i still awake ?
WHY DOES THIS BUG ME SO MUCH
This school's showers were my favorite last year and they probably will be again this year
Woot woot!! goooooooal!
So basically reads for 20 minutes on E! Can I replace her?
Flying for 3 hours is not good.
Happy Father's day
HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT
\"College was a very drunk time in 3 girls lives\"
I BELIEVE WE CAN WIN
Pizza is getting gross to me
This is 40 is funny AF LMAO
GOOOAL GOOOOAL GOOAL GOOOOOOOOOOOALLL LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Wegmans brought back tangy marinade...thank god
EL OH El At the girls that overdue the filters. Wait till they see that face in public they will never like\/comment on your crap again
On some queer shit I really do wish everyone finds happiness. I'm sick of you salty ass bitches !
Enterprise SaaS - \"Market is shifting from thrust to efficiency.\"
Match 'em up precisely, good jeans nice T
I wish I had a fucking middle finger emoji.
\"Guys, I'm 18. I'm finally legal. Now I can fuck my manager. Were gonna have sex in the uniform closet.\" Briana Susino everyone.
By 8pm all the rain is suppose to stop sooooo lesss do ittttt
Happy 4th of July my Americanos. Can't think of a better way to spend it than chillin in San Fran with the boys.
Happy 2-9 at the Christmas Store
MR Bolton This president is delusional and this county is falling to its knees.nephew and A Grandson are in arms way and O is playing Golf
Dope U.S.A. Tee on Today
\"funny how a melody sounds like a memory\"
Sooooo early. ...
Looking at all these pictures from soph year is making me so sad wtf
Pills and potions, we're overdosing. I'm angry but I still love you. -Nicki Minaj
Assou Ekoto Beausejour
Y was he popping this chest tho
I'm so mad I couldn't go to your grave today
I can't wait to study human rights in school and apply it to immigration
Beasley's like... Here's my chance to shine lol
You ain't in my click if you ain't tryna get rich
But it's too late to eat
NBA vs MLS on the soccer field. Good time for a great cause . And all thanks to my favorite Ben in benefits at .
aw so does this one guy with the dreads on usa
Holy shit Clint
I realized I dont need to read because
This nigga just wondering around my house b
It's so much work being a girl I swear
Think I just fell in love
I don't want our bunny to be named nip
Lyf is not meant 2 b easy .It's meant 2 b lived ,Smtyms happy othertyms rough .Bt with every up n down u learn lessons .Tht makes u strong .
Dam my mom is tryin to be my friend on Facebook, instergram, snap chat now twitter! Why you gotta do me like that ? Lol
Really tryna figure out why I'm awake rn
Skinny rich girls always askin where the yay at.
THINGS I FIND INTERESTING biased ELY Bahiana INTELLIUS there are not a YOTA of TRUTH in anything it is alike a TABLOIDAL DATA lol$
on a mission for gay pride flags brb
Just wanna leave this dumb fucking place behind
They did not need to replay that all slow I'm gonna VOMIT
My cousin knows a lot about the science behind exercise and how the body works so best believe I'll be in damn good shape this summer.
Never felt this way nor do I like it
\"My nigga I'm faded faded faded\"- My moms bath towels starring in the next Disney musical, \"Rain or shine\" .
That magic in your pants its makin me blushhh
Your life will get better when you realize it's better to be alone than to chase people who don't really care about you.
Blinky, Inky, Pinky and Clyde \"The Glide\" Drexler
I wish I loved anything as much as people from some of these countries love the World Cup
lost count of how many times I've been at Home Depot today, but they finally got the music right with
I just need someone to talk to
Re: decision: If a religious company can object &amp; not pay for contraception, I should be able to object &amp; not pay for funding.
If wins it won't be to avenge .. But because the Ticos are damn good, people!!
McChicken's will always be bomb diggity
My nose was over flowing with awesome and I had to get some of it out
Why am I so far
I'M OFF THIS SATURDAY I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT
Thinking of you.... beattheheat
Today I found out that Aaron Samuels from Mean Girls is gay. Legit mindfucked.
I don't even know who I am anymore
Fought back and made it interesting!
Finally getting my ass to Woodstock today.
my timeline: \n\nWWE \nteenwolf \nsome guy talking about soccer
...as pop film seems more abundant, therefore ephemeral. Does a decent flick like, say, XMEN DOFP leave the impression when so many similar?
was it really necessary for netflix to freeze right as dr shepherd was taking a pole out of two peoples' hearts OMFG
Flight is already 30 minutes delayed and we haven't started boarding. Pretty sure I'm missing my connection in Rome.
Happy 4th of July. Thank you to the men and women who have fought for our freedom and continue to do so. You and your families are heroes.
Keep the ball, win the game
Miami is in shambles.....
Siempre voy despacio porque los que van de prisa chocan......
Vamos tico ustedes pueden costa Rica vamossss
\": If doesn't stay home I'm gunna have to hang with my other Thompson best friend \"
trying to convince my mother to let me pierce my septum ;-;
I absolutely hate when my Bestfriends are upset.
do i know anyone in nyc that works at a hotel with a hotel bar? i want hotel bar pool cocktails
Never knew karma could be so rewarding and bring me to your light.
Kane just did a tombstone!! WOAHHH
Hats off to Bosnia for making this game very right, but King Leo has taken matters into his own hands
I remember my first day of freshman year like it was yesterday... Johntel and Diamah tried to take my Jordan's off my feet
i love texting dubem about soccer
YAY! ROSS FINALLY GOT RACHEL!!! YAY
Only good thing about pure was that i met this cute Lightskin from mv
Me &amp; Ashley be talkin all day everyday bout nonsense lmao
This girl messaged me on Facebook asking what my secret was to being skinny hahha ok wtf
I just found out that there's a Panera in Monroe how am I so behind in life...
THERE'S A FUCKING PHOTO EDITING APP CALLED \"SELFIE SHMELFIE\" MY LIFE IS COMPLETE AND I CAN DIE HAPPY
Mom shut up don't talk to me when I'm listing to music
We need a diagnosis on Ms. Smith, stat.
That was a rocket
I got to get up and get out the hood
My apartment is in teos insta
What does one do in wildwood without any beer
The best use of twitter is:\n1) Customer Service \n2) Sports \n3) B &amp; M-ing (see )
Probably the only person that prefers driving in the rain
spontaneous adventures with my best friend
As long as I'm outside, I don't care what I'm doing
this commercial made no sense you can't vocalize hashtags
Got money in my pocket but no plans
i feel like i have to throw up and this time its not from the food poisoning
You know its summer when get lucky is extremely overplayed on the radio
Nothing makes black people want to vote Republican like insulting their intelligence. Women too
Idc I miss you, but I won't do anything about it
Embrace a label as much as it gives you solidarity but be careful to not be locked in and forget that the world is always changing
Daddy told me never leave my house with out my tool
\"What hole is this? 19!?\" -
My poor grandpa took a nap too early &amp; woke up so confused he called the police. I told him to stop sleeping so damn early.
Damn. Argentinas goalie took an L there.
Collipark, Bubba Sparxxx
Germany, Brazil and Joey Jaws for the wins today
Do I wanna know if this feeling flows both ways
Dempsey too? OOPA!
What is the point of coming to Sj if I'm just finna go back to Turlock tmr!!?
CR7 is dominating this WC lol
It's hard to take Mariana seriously.. Even when she's spitting some RNS she writes like a two-year-old lmaoooo
Woooow if my snaps are so unnecessary then why'd you add me back when I deleted you
Currently at La Marina .
our plane diverted to Syracuse because of lightening in Newark
And plus he got shot so he has my sympathy.
OHHHHHHHH CLINTTTTTTT GOALLLLLLLLL
kl d'sna ujan ya pending lg RT : iya dah lncar ga pending RT : dah ga pending koq RT \"
Seriously need to participate in hangouts more often. Let's chat!
FUCKING WILFRED I LOVE THIS SHOW EVERY END OF AN EP IM LIKE OMG AND SMILE AND LAUGH
Sulley stRt dey disrespect no b now oo... Dis no b news... Dude no dey see anybody
I've been on a lemonade and ice cream kick lately....lately as in 3 times a day
THE LAD JUST STOOD THERE IN THE GOAL...LIKE WELP, OKAY.
There's like 2 people who's snapchat stories I'll actually watch
Foo Foo weed = a Foo Foo you
Know yourself, know your worth nigga.
Life makes me so happy I could cry.
JJERMAINE FUCKING JONES
\": how somebody in jaiL know more about whats going on ona outs than me ? thats crazy .\"\/\/ forreal be having FAT DROP
What a flying start!
I feel like I'm above all drugs Iont take any pills for pain relief... Shit all in ya head, all the weed do is make me act normal...
Cannot believe I have to wait a year for
getting harder and harder to tell whether neighborhood kids r screaming from excitement or terror
The one thing I want in life right now is something I feel like I'll never get..
what if you hate me now but you're just too nice to say so
There's never a right time to say goodbye but we know we gotta go out separate ways as
I find it amusing how much of a bitch my mom can be yet swear how much she loves me. HA HA!
You forget about me till you want something from me .
True as fuck @ last rt
Wow spurs year
I love the way u lie
I really don't understand how 13 year olds get 500 likes on instagram when I think I'm on fire when I hit 11
The Book Of NEGROES??? Really BET??? Really??
Some girl just waved to me at the firehouse when she was driving by I have no clue who she was
wtf ang kapal ng muka ni terrence tangina BITCH na BITCH ugali
I have literally been up all night listening to Amnesia. Literally.
So I went to a diner and asked for a turkey club and a Pepsi
Really who's hanging out with me
Germany, Brazil will win. This'll make a hell of a semi. But I've got a weakness for the underdog so in sorta pulling for France, Columbia.
Sometimes God takes away something you never expected losing, but he WILL replace it with something you never imagined you could have.
To be honest I might be a little hungover
is it true you turn bored housewives nipples as hard as fighter pilots thumbs...
Someone give me a good movie to watch before I watch fight club for the 300th time
Hate when guys do that... they make themselves look suspicious.
Thank you for the ones who would talk to me and comfort me while I was hurting
Genel olarak yol ortasinda pipo bulabiliyosunuz buralarda
Ni se lo imagina. Las latinas los volvemos locos a los muchachos.
Manu be killin
Come on Norris!!!
Why do I got to be independent?
Record breaking recoveries by OIG this year
My cousin sold it to me for a 80 so why not lol
So many ladies wanna share my tongue
Breakfast for dinner is the dinner of champions.
nanti kl ka2 yg main,dhe :D RT : kapan indonesia raya dinyanyiin di world cup? ._.\"
Watching the World Cup at a gay bar was the best decision I've ever made.
Tim Howard for president!
2 main reasons I want Greece to win: 1. Greek food 2. Greek guys
PLEASE OMG NOT TRYING TO FANGIRL.
Alyssa is scaring me w facial bug bite horror stories
i see balance in less than a month holy shit
My way of life is... well.. let's say.., unorthodox
My dad always tells me I'm never allowed to stay the night at Dallas's again, and then the next time I go over there I spend the night.
When you look into someone's eyes it's like your looking into their soul
I always look like the dick now. Really?
My mama and aunties taught me the difference between bitches and queens.
i think it's about time i learned that i should keep my thoughts to myself
Pulling a hamstring fucking hurts dude don't talk shit
I think I NEED a burrito tomorrow...
Awe how cute Shawn released it at 11:11
Alex and jo need to get together already come on
Maybe when the World Cup is in Europe the european teams will make it in
Stay true to you and let the rest fall in place.
cute doctor with an foreign accent at urgent care
i think i look like i wanna punch everyone in the fuckin face
CLINT DEMPSEY. GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!
The fosters always makes me so sad omg Jude is my favorite
I just convinced these girls derrick is gay
1 day i'll be in a job interview and the guy's gonna read aloud my tweets to me and I'll just hafta sit there ashamed
I still hear \"Descartes said\" instead of \"the date card said\" every time.
I have been laying down all day
Best two features on a girl are her eyes and her smile. If that can make you smile, it's worth making her smile :)
I want a paddle board and a gopro and an inflatable pretzel.
alameda's so artsy at night, i love it
No no no!
Can't wait to get my piece of paper I worked 113,000 hours for. Think about that
I just need to get some glasses with the wing zzaaammnnnn
I just woke up holy shit
Speaker at asked the crowd, \"who is afraid of artificial intelligence.\" A lot of hands went up.
Desperately stalking the life in color hashtag on Instagram to see if I'm in the background of any of those pics
Why am I so obsessed with Teen Wolf
I would be totally sad if my friend got Prego bc we won't be able to do hood rat shit
...idk what it is about you that I suck keeping up with convos. I feel like im boring or lame. Im not use to this
I wanna just break down sometimes but then I remember thats what a lot of you niggas are waiting for.
I'm gonna be a depressed faggot for like 4 months because I miss my doggy
We got another tar heel my bro is gonna be a driller for the Knicks
Would hate to see another one of my uncles go.. Shit was hard last year. Were all so close.
Living on your own is pretty cool I guess except you have to do your own laundry and that sucks
Whatchoo mean reruns of well I now know what I'll b doing on this rainy day!
Pascal is my favorite I watch during \"When Will My Life Begin\". He is the coolest
I'm in this cabin, just chillin with co-workers different air
This time change has me all messed up
Your brand is the most recent interaction you had with me.
Only Nirvana could make a song where 45% of the lyrics is \"Rape Me\"
El problema es que la gente sabe poco, pero habla mucho.
The next two weeks will probably be the most stressful :(
Usher better sing some throwbacks cus that she's a good kisser song gets me tight
I'm done trying to be apart of people's lives, if you want me too then you can come find me
Pharrell so swagged out like that man is fashion
This is a fckn joke right?
Can't believe I'm enjoying for free! I absolutely love this guy.
TPosey dancing is so ridiculously adorable
Can someone face time me bruh
Anyone have a fanny pack I could borrow?
i'm still in tears at my brother in my snapchat... am i the only one who thought that was funny? or.
I dont like when people pay for me
My life for your life man I wouldn't trade it !
But before we jump to any conclusions, I'm not giving up my PA residency until I absolutely must. It's a swing state!!!!
WE WOKE UP IN THE KITCHEN SAYING HOW THE HELL DID SHE HAPPEN OH BABY!
So nobody slid into my dm's guess ima have to slide into somebodys
What up my knittah? Watching on ....is my KNITTAH!
Cant wait to get back home
Today feels like a chief keef kind of day I'm feeling extra igniiiitttt
2010 TL's do not drift. Just a heads up
Can someone say I miss ? ??
first of all we don't get out here disrespecting legends y'all fuck niggas
porque te tengo que repetir las cosas 2 y 3 veces-.-'
vs Germany at 11, and the at 7. Let's go
This show puts me on such an emotional roller coaster
Anymore? I can't. Don't ask. Unless you're you. You? TOTALLY.
The Fourth of July: where as celebrate by getting free shipping on all online purchases.
Being the only underaged person in my family makes me feel like such an outsider\nAnd I thought being 18 would change that\nOoo well
That was dopeeeeee
I seriously have the best friends ever
In the 9th grade I put a stupid :) at the top of all my notes and papers I hate my past self rn
If you're not listening I can guarantee your bitch is.
.The next two years are gonna suck. X_X
Sooooo my car will cost a couple grand to fix...lol who's gonna start riding bikes with me
Found my old tap shoes. And now I wanna take tap classes again
It's amazing how much can be accomplished when nobody cares who gets credit
TDA RBi double for him 2-0
New kits look sharp
Lemme hit the bed too much running sun and swimming lol
goal min 1 lol no mames
Dangerous click x Gucci mane ft Jose guapo
The fact that my dog is whining is when you know it's hot in my room
Fuck him fuck her fuck this fuck that
I get scared walking through the house when it's dark because I'm afraid I'm going to step on mushus black ass.
That's what I like about Workman. He gets better as it gets tough.
LeBron looks like he wants to cry
I am such a brat
I never knew soccer could be soo exiting. I never watched b4 but decided to give it a shot this year. Im hooked. GO USA!
I'm literally too fucking tight for words right now.
I legit hope my future husband proposes at a sporting event.
Someone take my cat for me he's going through puberty
I have so much aggravation built up rn
can I go home I can't take work tonight ugh
This bitch enjoys ruining lives I swear
The girls with the bodies like boys with Ferraris
Kid next to me lit a blunt inside the train.. Thats whats up!
\": When I look into your eyes I get butterflies\" hehe thx ;)
A jelly donut to wake up to?? I'll take it!!
My neighbors are throwing a party
If Lou would have twitter I'd spam the fuck out of him
I find myself in the weirdest situations way to often and I'm so sorry for anyone who is involved
your bitterness is kind of annoying pls stop
Damn I need to find speakers for tomorrow
Brians fucking vocab
Juss playin water polo with some hotties ya know
I Don't Fuck With These Niggas , Nah I Don't Fuck With New Niggas
It would be easier for me to move if I could take my loved ones with me
In the middle of nowhere. 2 more hours for the night, then back at it again tmro. Woo
\"But I'm in love with someone else\"
I think I need vacation I know people are pretended like they say watch which we speak.......
Gotta ounce of dat bounce in a glad bag
Fun fact: I was the only freshman that made an all senior team in high school.
Why is it that I can give great advice but can't use it myself!?
I walked my dog this morning. 10 minutes in I decided to take a cooling break cuz it was hot outside. That's normal right?
Is that a Gordon Gartrelle nightlife fashion line creation on
I definitely saw a tooth fly out after that bull hammer!
i posted a neon pic, UNFOLLOW ME I DARE YOU
Let's go baby tryna when this torni second round :)
need to find a job.\n\nInstead:\n\nwent to the beach &amp; started a rap career
Wrong emojis make me look weak
my birthday is a day away and all I want is a cameron follow.
Broke is a mindset not reality...keep sayin u broke and next thing u know..your really broke
Quick: Name the liberal you think would pick up a rifle and fight tyranny in 1776. There isn't one; they'd all be loyalists.
Fuck .... Jozy!!!!!
Apparently she stalks my tweets. \nI guess you could say things are getting pretty serious.
taking bree for a walk in heels was probably not the smartest decision i've ever made
There are a lot of unfortunate asses in San Francisco. Plenty of pretty girls, also plenty of bad butts.
im just so happy today and so in love right now :)
I feel like this twitter fight is never going to end
Jared tried getting me to be in a pic with one of his bitches. Wtf? Nigga i dont take pics w my OWN bitches lmaoooo
I try not to think about the pain I feel inside
like my insta
Turning my room into a hooka lounge brb
I learned in Mexico to stop worrying so much and just have some fucking fun in life
She's such a fucking smartass
FF these guys
The nights right after I wash my sheets are amazing.
Is it just me or did school seem to end pretty fast
Thinking of throwing a BP but just some people prove they can't handle their liquor and I ain't trynna clean shit
Makes me smile like a child when Gary Bettman gets booed by fuckin everyone lmfao you're doing one thing right Philly I can't even hear him
I have such great friends wow.
What's next? Camera Diaz as Beyonce.
Court early then if nice outside going to the class of 2014s graduation.
Watched and cried about 3-5 times
Fuck everybody. Ppl don't wanna see me shine and that's fine! Ima really start killin you niggas now
Of course there is an hours worth of traffic to go 14 miles to coliseum.
Slow train to airport, flight delayed, long wait to takeoff, possible return to terminal. Our vacation is not going down without a fight!
I got 99 problems and they all bitches
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL. Yes, Dempsey!!
Need a wifey done with these females
I hate that I can't go on any social media if I'm recording a game and don't want to know the score
Summer time girls, you make the world go around.
I've been sayin bitch a lot loll
Always hungry but never has a clue on what to fucking eat
When niggas be like quote this with , and only ugly bitches quote I know they be hella disappointed .
had 4 people in the All Star game last year. They will be lucky to have more than one this year and there in the first place.
Starbucks raised their prices now you guys going to be wasting even more money lol
This guy in drag can't walk in heals. Drag princess, drag queen in training. (Or drunk)
Get me the f back to work
I think my mom is drunk she keeps trying to give heather a wedgie SOS
The reason I don't tell ppl what my dreams are is bc they're just gonna criticize me and say negative things
Lol I got so many jerseys. I got baseball, basketball, hockey, soccer, football
Must start working out again. I'm fat again.
I just wanna watch Jurassic Park and enjoy life
ahahaha lol sold out to KAPLAN. There was a meeting and the consensus was \nwomp womp
I'm throwin up the roc when I graduate next year b
Don't matter how much and how long I shower I will still smell like chlorine
When I was in college I would love to pick a fight, just to have a reason not to talk a lot lol.
You can never eat only 1 otter pop
i choked on the words i never said and drowned in the thoughts i never shared
Need a wave for the night ?
\"Thailand is a crazy place. They just call me 'Normal Chris' over there.\"
HOW DO I UPLOAD GIFS ON TWITTER THROUGH MY LAPTOP
Time to get up &amp; make the money
Oh my god. Get up off the ground and stop rolling like a baby
white boys will always be winning
I have zero respect for a grown man wearing pigtail braids..
i cant believe this tiny child is me
Today is moving day. I will refrain from live-tweeting all the excitement. Hello
Time to smoke and Netflix with my niggas.
Can somebody just tell me who to follow on Tumblr so I can read pretty quotes
I love driving along the coast next to the ocean
Im not ready for these stupid quizzes everyday. I hate my life. I hate studying!
\": I'm totally convinced that \"Anna\" stole you so if you're alive I'd appreciate a call I'm getting nervous \"
Sometimes I think my friends are homosexual but then I remember how much pussy they get
used already 2 subs and its only the first half. Not good.
Spending half my life trying to figure out where my socks disappear to when doing laundry
I expect too much sometimes , that's why I'm always getting disappointed.
I dont know if my followers are shy to hmu or they just dont wanna talk to me
This started out so positive before taking an exceptionally dark turn.
I can't fathom why anyone would do that
Taco Bell in California = nope. Guross
NVM MY SEXUALITY IS NOW THE GERMAN AND US TEAMS
JERMAINE!!!!!!! GOAL!!!!!!!!! JONES!!!!!!!!!!
Just in case anyone was wondering the ferry does not run on the west side
Oh nakaka awa si kuya, nag break na sila mg ka LDR nya, umiiyak siya. ;(
I forgot this movie had Bernadette Peters and I'm even more in love
If God said it I believe it
I didn't want today to come. But anyway I'm up
Might have to two peice somebody tomorrow. It's been a while.
Maybe if Ronaldo starts playing like the so called \"World Best Player\" Portugal will win
If Boyle goes to the rags I can't wait for him to be booed relentlessly at NVMC
Sippin henny smokeN loud wit ya girl between my legs
Que malos somos , nos quejamos de la cacho napia de la Michu y a saber que defectos tenemos nosotros hahahahahah xDxDxD
been watching espn ever since the game ended. lmao.
PLease ITLL BE A DREAM CONE TRUE
If I could be high all day every day, I would.
I think the remake of Carrie might actually be better than the original now that i re watch it as an adult
Ginobili for MVP?
Cause forreal now everytine I get a call\/txt its one if you assholes that really just be callin because you want sumthin no other reason
Honoring the tradition of our forefathers, I first celebrated Independence Day going to a yoga class.
My blog already has over 2000 views. I love you all &lt;3
\": Play fighting with Taylor is seriously the equivalent to facing a pissed off cat\" Same with Alyssa lol and then I get rough
No todo lo que brilla eh oro
30 seconds are you shitting me!!! Holy wow!!!!
I wonder what joyful facebook things are in store for me tomorrow\n\n*looks at work email*\n\nOh god
because in some photos he looks like a toddler and in others he's?? very fine
who's going to monumentour tomorrow anyone hello
Actually my 6th time at whole foods since Wednesday..
Can't say enough horrible things about people who do crazy shit to their nails, including the ring finger a different color
I seriously hate \"kid fashion\" like wtf you making your kids wear Gucci and shit for... wth lmao
All the doves that fly past my eyes\n\nHave a stickiness to their wings.
Watching wolf of Wall Street with my drunk dad
No one cares I'm home
if only we could stay outside for more than 10 minutes without a swarm of bugs attacking us
WHY WOULD SEND HOME THE FRIENDLY GIANT. HE IS BAE. POOR BAE.
That was a nice goal. I did not see that coming
Fourth game I'm covering so far! I legit cannot get over how much I love this job!
I need to go to sleep before my mom wakes up for work in an hour or two..
Deliver us from evil better be scary as Fuck
My vibe was up and now it's down.
Them lips won't let me go
The five millions crickets outside have more of a life than I do
Idc who's the best, I root for my homeland!
She's the real mvp always coming through with everything
Sippin from your cup 'till it runneth over, Holy Grail
El futbol se acabo por hoy es Ora de ver a Los spurs LEONARD u r aminzing player now Los estas viendo Amiga
USA chants erupt in the stadium!!!
Why can't I just have the perfect girl and skip all the bullshit hahaha
Why is nicks lobster house tweeting me
this Horsford is an Obama lover. Not a Rep for his people
I love my camp friends too much.
I seem calm but I just pictured pushing myself off a cliff into the ocean of my tearz :-) ok
\": sext: tell me about your 3am thoughts\"
You take 100 percent of the shots you don't miss. ~Wayne Dysletsky
Puzzle of life - I'm jus picking up the pieces
NO MOTHERFUCKING WAY I AM CONVULSING LET ME TURN THIS SHIT THE FUCK OFF NOOOOO SHUT UP NOOOOO THERE WAS A MISCOUNT NOOOO
But since when did kahari get cute tho?
Lol wow woke up to some bullshit
Photobombed at least 20 people today
And you wont be lost again...
When i talk to someone i check if our signs are compatible
Perez pitch hitting is out another easy for the
I'm finally done with the project at work.
Dam nets need a coach
I love me some pussy
You talk shit about her yet tweetin at her. But that ain't my business
I don't have a reason to look forward to tomorrow.
So much to do today in NYC! So overwhelmed! NEED sleep!
&amp; I just started mine lol RT : Finally done with training
Don't we all have Muriel Heslop moments though?
Bitches Be Like x Rico Love
Gonna love tweet high
Lions live in community. They do everything 2gether!
\": ?\" Better than the Portland Raiders! Lol
Disregard women, acquire currency
me and erika are both like dimps is hot too bad hes crazy
That moment when you want sex but don't have anyone that likes you so it's impossible
I love that music takes me away from all the bullshit
My life is pretty similar to Regular Show in many aspects.
Yo por enana, Pero deja que tome chocolisto y Hay Hptas!
When it became night we lost our minds and found freedom
brasilian commercials are sooooo tacky
Busiest day of the year at work and I'm going hungover af! At least I can watch the games !
I had like 4 people leave me on read ya day damn
5 days in New York was not long enough!
I want all of urban outfitters but I don't have urban outfitters money
I like when girls send me random selfies ...
I need that app from the internship that doesnt let you text when your drunk
I'm going to stop telling people things. It's better that way for me and you.
Helado y pizza me sarpe un poquito no?
Lesson learned about quid pro quos..... THey don't work clarice
After scoring a touchdown this season I'm pulling out Merton hanks chicken dance
the feelings overwhelming, it's much too strong
doesn't even feel like my birthdayyyy
I've got the degree, I made the Dean's List, I've got the real job, now it's time to learn how to iron. It's just more work at this point.
Love smoking at night
Rasheeda's music is garbage lmfao
My life change so much over these past two years..
Meanwhile on Fox: \"U.S. Should begin bombing ISIS as soon as possible.\"
Love the unis too!
I'm taking France over Germany in today's match up
Never been happier to be in my bed. Vegas was real boys.
These 40 hour weeks of straight opening are about to kill me.
You know its your neighborhood when u run into 3 people you know in the same restaurant
Then of course there's the hosts v Chile. Not allowed to express an opinion on the likely score in this household
Just when you thought Greg Oden was going to win a ring...
Who else? ?hmmm who else indeeed
I need to put some greece on my door hinges to reduce this friction
I bet you that pussy's as stank as your attitude
LOL OK. I'm sooo off this.
TIM HOWARD IS A BEAST
Trying to work up enough will power to hop in the shower with this burn
FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS GET INSIGHT ADVISE ON THE SMALL CAP FUND FOR FREE!!! THIS IS USUALLY A $39.99 PER MONTH CHARGE
What a rip
The only shirt I have that 4th of July attire is my America day shirt from edclv .... So yeah
Naps after work are so necessary
Fred's too cute I just wanna hit him in the face that's how cute he is
En Esto Soy Como Una Glock, En El Agua No Me Tranco, Tu Eres El Rapero Con Mas Swing, Pero Con Mas Swing En Blanco!
Can my dad just quit bitching, fuck
Dear Giuliana, \n If you see this, hello to you.\n Sincerely, Siobhan
if you buy a Jetta make sure you have triple A.
I really look forward to do engineer work on motorcycles.
The new Carrie is really beautiful. They should've gotten somebody average to play the part, like the original.
How about we just don't die in Raleigh?
ME DEJARON SOLO NORMAL YA YO ME EH QUEDAO SOLO OTRAS VECES Y ESTA SERA IGUAL
a day without the , it was horrible - 4 days of 2 games a day coming up - couch get ready for a new dent
WHAT If they're trying to kill me
Should I eat that second ice cream pop?
Agree - no spoils plz\n\n: Not watching Game of Thrones finale until Tuesday so I'll be boycotting twitter until then buh bye now.
My phone won't stop burning up....
I've been saying for two weeks that I'm going to go to the store and grocery shop but I still haven't Lmfao
This new update... Not sure if I like it or not
6969pussyjuice69 - you da bae lowkey, you know I will always fuck with you
I'm really trying to go to Brea's party tomorrow but my dad thinks I'll drink and drive like wtf blood I hate alcohol
cah me born as a hustler
Welp one championship does not a great team make. Who's counting the other one when it was only 1\/2 a season ? And now ? Well ..
Starting my life in good ole Cattaraugus. Got a job, getting a place, and gunna have my own phone plan soon with my boyfriend
Elijah was tryna them cheeks\"so you gotta go back to your hotel\"
\"Why did you fail your chemistry regents\" \"Because twitter was interesting\"
Why do all the girls find out about zino gettin shot through mediatakeout tho? Lol
happpy fourth everyone!! come visit me at Louie's ):
All praise Tim Howard.
\"People come in your life for a reason, then they disappear..\"
Don't ask questions if you can't handle the answer
I'd like to wake up and see Stiles' face idk
I used too believe love conquers all that's what vive been seeing in movies
My fucking stomach hurts ! Legit might die !
I think i might have to make an apreaciation tape pt2
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time?
After 12 tomorrow I'm not getting no work done at work
sometimes i be wondering how tf i even have friends lol
I just remembered that my aunt kept saying molly water because of my brother
I SWEAR TO GOD IF ASHTON WORE THAT FUCKIN WOLF VEST IM GONNA LOSE IT
I'm really trynna see this game already like wtf
Hey Emil that taxidermy is going to be the mullet of furniture.
At least one not five
Ayy ayy I see you.. Just kidding I saw you
It's less \"why would I go to the bar solo on Friday night\" and more \"why didn't I go straight from work\" and \"I'll be in boxers either way.\"
wait a minute, was all good just a week ago
still hasnt hit me that schools over
This is the best day of my life.
never felt so much physical pain before. omg I need to be in my bed....
it was wrong but it felt so right
Sytycd No Johnny wax and no Ya Ya!! Wahh!
USA!!! Clint Dempsey in 30 seconds
I cant stand but she looks FIERCE this episode!!! Girl ya glowin'!
altidore stays fuckin up
So who wants to do something today
I wanna go to the beach rn
So upset all the bottle caps I've been saving from the past two years for my senior rawn are gone bc my mom threw them all out
I hate rhat I spelled too wrong
Ruiz!!!!!! You got this! Blast that shit
People who get upset when you get the gender of their dog or baby wrong
Gane esa mierda
WHATS WITH ALL THE HATE ON THE 1D FANDOM, LIKE OTHER FANDOMS JOIN IN AND START TALKING SHIT WELL, CLEARLY ITS
Some bitches just be talking talking talking talking talking like . . Dead don't ever shut df up.
Shutter island still trips me out
I regret a lot of what I've done. watching 90% of videos posted on facebook is one of them.
Could listen to that eulogy 200 times in a row and still cry
After Game 6 of 86 Series Mookie said to me, \" See that guy (pointing to Cashen)--he is simply the best in the sport at what he does.\"
I'm probably the only one tweeting right now
Really gotta make moves to go see think like a man 2 n 22 jumpstreet!
When I hear lies thru a speaker I thank god for the thighs of Alicia
Whoops. I am going to get in trouble if I keep forgetting about
To thy own selfie be true
Not wanting to get ready for work
Larry David gotta give us another Arrested Development.
Una sopita..a little soup to go with my the rain is coming, might as well be well fed, comfy &amp; creeped out aye..
I fucken hate talking about my past. DAMB
we go where nobody knows with guns hidden under our petticoats
Just wanted to say I'm watching Ned's declassified and I'm enjoying it
That was filthy
I don't even wanna know what would of happened if there was a stripper pole last night
Instinctive: I am Hungry. Emotional: I want a burger. Intellectual: I worked my butt off &amp; shouldn't
I'm excited :) I just found out I got the following Friday off
There's a drought here and it hasn't rained and I love it I need to move here it's perfect
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND BRIBRI\/Roxanne I LOVE YOU SO SO MUCH! You are me twin #
Do you think about me now and then
\"Do you want France or Germany to win?\"\n\"...\"\n\"???\"\n\"They're called freedom fries for a reason.\"
The amount of time i spend in bed is becoming a problem
Oomf don't love me no more
First workout session with my FIANCE whatttt!
The only acceptable online profile for your resume is LinkedIn... fuk your GATE funded degree doing in your bio?
Es momento de embarcar a una nueva aventura
Lmfaoooooo the heat is tight
knee deep in the water somewhere\ngot the blue sky breeze blowin wind through my hair
I Am At Reddit While Max Does An AMA, AMA.
Feelin sad :(
The fact that Nico and Vinz are from Norway is so cool.
Making Looking for Alaska into a movie!! I read that last summer does that make me cool?
Hating my car bcuz the only thing it can play is the radio and i can't even listen to most of the radio stations -____-t
Cuz then i know its on point
LA BOUND ROUND 4 BUT THIS TIME TO REUNITE WITH MY SIBLINGS I AM SO EXCITED
No tengo tiempo para odiar a los que me odian ! Estoy ocupado queriendo a los que me quieren ;)
I need a new pair of glasses.
Good vibes. Can't wait for Transformers later.
the bad times make the good times better
I will always feel a connection with my ex.. That nigga gave m
I'd rather get drunk with my family this weekend anyways
Nani start dey fool again
earth science was created by satan
They deserve that goal
Mason and Penelope are the best part about
HOLY COW!!!!!!! WHAT A FINISH BY JONES!!!!!!!!
That goal was insane
Tycho was a blast tonight! RT : Loved Tycho () playing at Google after hours.
My would be an engineer for a vehicle\/motorcycle company. I love designing &amp; getting my hands dirty.
UGH IM SO ANNOYED HOW THIS WOMAN DID MY HAIR SHE MADE ME LOOK BALD BECAUSE OF HOW TIGHT SHE DID IT FUCK
No no hay ash para todas ash es mio :(((((((
Wade getting it on twitter man lmao
theres always that panic when you wonder if you've signed up to the right sessions
GOOOOOOOLLLLL FRICK YEAAAHHHH!!!!
w0w @ Mike Trouts home run
i love zendaya , buh' , i hate her outfit.
If you're going to criticize my life choices then get out of it
Y cuando menos te lo esperas, las cosas buenas suceden.
I never understood how people dropped their phone on their face... Well now I do
What you got I need a lot, so I can't let you gooo
No ones tweeting wtf HOW R YOU GUYS NOT AWAKE BECAUSE OF THAT GOD DAMN
Wishing you never took that life changing nap when you're in bed trying to sleep... Ok
LOVE the one Portugal player \"ducking\" out of the way of the ball for USA's goal.
Swear tha foreign is my best friend
Don't ever tell me my son will be like that either. My son has two parents that'll make sure he's disciplined well.
lol I wish this didn't effect me
*opens Tumblr* *sees spoilers* *closes Tumblr* *reopens Tumblr 5 minutes later out of habit* *swears profusely*
Ashanti looks really nice. She kept herself together over the years
Perhaps not only this country either, our whole world is a cyclic system that revolves around the 'lower' class
That feeling when you wanna talk to someone but you don't feel like talking
4.5 or more inches of height
At a McDonald's near a playpen. I miss those D:
Im tryna have another party where i dont get totally fucked up before 1130... Ahaha
Pop boutta win a tittle &amp; still looks mad lol
Fastest goal in a World Cup match?
I kno I'm early but I'm ready, Bucktown &amp; Sound Bwoy Burriel by Smiff &amp; Wessun
Maturity is Keen..A lot you...need to realize that! We're not In middle school people.
the fist of america ... and palestine again.
Let this long week of working begin.
Broken jet ski makes for a good floaty to tan on
You might be where he's at but I'm where he wanna be.
I dead got 2 cuts on my leg now -.-
I slept for another 5 hours and dont feel like a troll anymore
This should be a very interesting match
definitely found my wedding dress tonight...
Operation: how the fuck do I change my bellybutton ring
I'll never be in a relationship because I hate most gay guys.
Appreciate the good people in your life while they're still here because life's too short ....
For a while I thought we were Costa Rican.
I still have never been to Buffalo Wild Wings
I DO NOT WANT TO PLAY CANDY CRUSH!
hace historia y se va a Cuartos de Final!
I sometimes see jawns literally walking around with their jawns hanging to their jawns with their matching jawns hanging out their ass.
I can't wait for the game... LETS GO USA !
WHAT A FUCKIN STRIKE
I hate missing basketball at the park for work.
2 red bulls a day doesn't keep the doctors away
2k was loading I did 38 push-ups
I'm going to have a heart attack with all this bass in my chest..
Feeling emotionally unstable today :\/
I think Michelle Fairley would be great for SVU. I see her playing a mother whose son is in danger.
Waitin on u ta give in and hmu
.I'm gonna look at my history and find the yes Dems official List I ran into. 10-20 min?
Haha I luv the hollister outlet. They had me on cash reg the entire 5 and 1\/2 hours. You normally don't get that.
An update to our breaking news from yesterday morning...beer cans found around the crash that killed a 17-year-old...on @ 4:41.
People on Twitter are so backwards. They'll make jokes about rape and death, but if you joke about their favorite artist, it's a problem.
Thinking of what to eat ... Since my mom don't wanna order pizza -_-
should I text that boy I was missing last night or nah lmao
I probably get kicked out of my house three times a year
bruh old people are fucking annoying and rude
Old skool Pretty Ricky is my liiiiiife
I can't talk about my love for Lady Gaga b\/c they don't care... And that makes me sad. B\/c I love Gaga like she is part of my family.
\"Newsfeeds tend to stifle not inspire creativity,\" says made-up Facebook article.
WAIT WTF I HAVE A GRADUATION ON SATURDAY FUCK SHIRJTS NDNKEKE
Everyone needs to get \"My absurd religion\" by it is rocking me. You can get kindle or paperback on amazon or his website
Yes that's a subtweet
Lucky number 13 of course
How ANYONE can like Brooke Candy is BEYOND ME!!!!!!
my mom is talking to my brother?????
I bought 3 pairs of shoes on my vacation.... but they were all on sale?
girls love to fuck with your conscience
No defense man.
Everyone is gonna walk to see Bey, &amp; Jay on tour now. Their was amazing and clearly they are in LOVE. Fuck all haters.
Your best friends and talk mad shit about each other.....but...thats none of my business
feels good to be back in that gym flow
Women that broadcast going to the doctors all the time, like no one wants to know ure sick as fuck every week. Some bad genetics girl. Sucks
You look like the Fourth of July. It makes me want a hot dog REAL bad.
the first thing I look at when i meet someone is their teeth
Ain't never heard of u girl.
USA has some hotties on the bench
My boyfriend is so clingy in the morning
Kirk is so fucking rude!!!
Why not England?
Let's go Germany beat the French
Congratulations to for an awesome interview with !
Ser sincero ya no funcionara pero yo seguire siendolo
Im fr bouta dip w\/mom &amp; be like Happy Father's day if my dad dont get up
Going for on this one
TURN DOWN FOR THE SAFETY OF OUR CHILDREN
Breakfast at the Floridian with the family this morning.
This lady at the gym asked me what was my favorite part about Disney
Isn't being with someone just for the sake of not being alone just as lonely?
I'm up like I don't have work at 9 in the morning
Dempsey pressed the easy button
2:53 and all I can think about is the beANIE I CANNOT FRICKIN FIND
big brother: watch out frankie grande's coming for ya
If I play the fool again, that is nobody's business but my own.
Tired Escell .
This nigga Pels LOWKEY gay as fuck
Molly: 1 Squirrel: 0
the heat are about to get kyle lowry and already have shabazz napier... this dude mario chalmers unemployed now for sure
Argentina look off. Should still make it through the group though.
si yo tambien estoy feliz por ustedes.
THINK WITH YOUR BRAIN AND NOT WITH YOUR HEART
life is too short to wait around for someone
shoutout to the scumbag who was calling me at 2 in the morning
Strike two for . Stuck at JFK instead of heading to SF. I better not miss my appointments and wedding because of this.
Tipped the waiter $300 tonight. Damn.
Loyalty befor royalty rule that bros gotta understand
Still ain't got the time for a bitch to be acting iffy
I want Chipotle!
If u gotta hit her up every single time upgrade your game my nigga
U are like 5 hop off thanks. Greatly appreciated
I see some meal preps and I am like ewww 12 day old refrigerated\/frozen chicken, fish? Can't they smell that stank ass odor?
Spent like 2 and a half hours looking at shoes last night.. Anybody wanna go buy shoes with me.. Shoes shoes shoes
Awesome so won't see the spoilers I'm about to post
my parents love to make me feel like shit i guess
Monogamy, gender roles, titles and roles in relationships\/sexuality... so LAST century, maaaan. I just want to lovelessly FUCK everybody.
El amor es dolor by , y punto
When my mom hits me with the \"what time did you come home last night\" question
And i am going to hawaii next year for free next summer lessgoooo.
8:47am time To start messing with fireworks :D
I'm about to go to sleep ain't shit to do
These are just a few tips I learned in Need for Speed university.
THAT WAS SO CLOSE
I'm two minutes away!
It's so nice outside where are my ciggies
BREAKING: United States kicks soccer ball into mysterious portal on field, reappears in enemy goal, calls it \"good enough.\"
\": go tf to sleep\" make me
I want bubbakoossss
Contests to timmy on his 2nd !!!
Damn, Ginobili making up for last years's chokes
I remember the days when I had a six pack... Good ole days
The HIMYM mother is in this episode of 30 Rock!
But it's cool, I'll catch em slipping sooner or later.
Nylander wants play like Pat Kane? Fine by me.
But we all know that the Class of 2012 is the greatest class of all a time at MTHS.
fuck you $360 Xbox one you are tempting as fuck
No work tomorrow so it's gonna be a long day
Training fasted was the best decision of my life
Super excited for this game. It's really hard to take a guess who will the winner be.
If you know Al Gore, please tell him that I just slam dunked a globe into a fucking trash can.
Necesito dormir, 20 minutos es lo unico que necesito.
There's a 5 page food menu
Como me duele la orejaaaaaa
Hello, New York City!
So what's going on tonight people!?
Messi OMG that was beautiful.
\"Ain't No Mountain High Enough\" and \"We Are The World\" are our next hits!
X5M just shut off in the middle of rt 10..........wat
Wanted to go night swimming at my pool but it's too damn cold!!
Para la cama que voy
LETS GOOOOO BEAUTIFUL PASS GOAAALLLL
Totally forgot its the 4th. Lol.
And this is why i'm fucking done dude
Traveling opens your eyes, mind and heart...
Time is the money , &amp; money is the time .
If you look like you're wearing mascara even though you aren't, and you wear a turban on your head I probably hate you very much
Yes got plans Monday and Tuesday boating class from 6 to 9 finally going to be able to drive my boat legally lets go so pumped
fuxxin' rain has come... geez...\n\nthr,fri.mon is gonna be rainny day... how can I enjoy ha?
My constant coughing and WebMD are making me think that I have lung cancer.... Only possible reason.
Russian is a hard language to learn
I need a friend with benefits tbh
I miss the Klan, NKK (Nassau Kommunity Klan)
atta boy Messi! \"Magnificent Messi bamboozles Bosnia\" love it.
Fuck expressions and Eblens niggas only carry skinny nigga size. Y'all in the hood there's fatness everywhere stop discrimnating.
Starting my first class of my masters degree next Thursday.
It's a Sunday night shut the fuck up
I just want to punch someone in the face
It would be my pleasure to have my heart broken by you
so whose the kid thats going to have a seizure in the gym so we all have a reason to fail
Running late getting ready for work. ..because I chose to chat instead of sleep. Twas worth it though. ;-)
This fucking sucks
I aint shit
I always focus on the bad things in my life and completely overlook all the amazing things and people I have. I'm truly so lucky. :')
Murph did tell the dugout. Pointed to his eyes.
Mexico will put it's considerable heft behind Costa Rica.
Walked the width of Manhattan twice. Now trying to watch The Birdcage. Ads every 5mins are ruining it.
Always willing to help people that need it .. But when i need nobody ever got me
I have observed some bickering among fans over characters of a tv show. Please stop. Our focus is to .
Por gente como tu es que no hablo con todo el mundo
Changed my IG pic for the first time in forever lol
Let a good girl go away cuz I wanted the best girl .
I wonder what my future wife is doing right now.. She probably curved me already
So y'all just gonna let me send that tweet thinking it's Tuesday? Y'all ain't shit.
You start coping with things in different ways. You start lying to yourself. You rationalize things. You say \"Oh its for the best.\"
I mean Chris is mine so she can lick my toes...
Drugs, corruption and murder in Central America are endemic. Kids are coming simply because said they could.
I've got a dream that I'm leaving NY and moving to Alaska
maybe it's because I only consumed coffee, a hot dog, &amp; whiskey today but I'm having an excellent pizza experience rn
What does the # mean? I never thought a symbol would confuse me so much.
.Will need to read, but curious how it will not affect a religion against blood transfusions, etc...
I would say the Pens definitely win in that trade. But we'll see.
Ghana tying Germany last night was HUGE for the US. Now we gotta do our part
I must literally be allergic to the sun. Now I've got sun poisoning.
is there someone NOT WORKING ON A SATURDAY WHO WISHES TO GO TO THE BEACH.
HES AT NUMBER FIVE GET HIM TO ONE
Nigga Hell Rell was raw as fuck when he first came out
if ur Jewish hmu I want ur dick
Jelena is gonna have to do better if she wants to get this rookie off her tail... These weak excuses aren't gonna work.
my problem is that i always wanna fuck the guys that i fucks friends
GOODMORNING . jkayz ive been up all night.. thats what I get for falling asleep so earlyyy.
A2 goals should empower &amp; motivate us, not make us feel defeated or guilty. Don't beat yourself up!
everyone tells me I don't deserves half the shit I get, but I feel like I do.
A few people i talked to on the phone deserve apologies lol
What Jason Kidd did was beyond grimy. Lost a ton amount of respect for him.
I am a fucking senior!! How crazy is that shit!! I went through some hard core 11 years of schooling!
Home late from work? Oh hey Whole Foods hot bar. Its like your kitchen at $10 a pound.
Holy shit I can't wait to see
Wishin would answer my DM
Arriba si pudieros mis ticos??? Ya CENTRO america ya no juega con pelotas cuadradas ahora lo hace fuck you
I can't paint my toenails for the life of me
sorry im listening to taylor tonight so look for lots of tears coming from me
I wanna go to Italy and meet all my family there
I think I'm always gonna be stubborn af and think I'm right regardless if I ain't
voicemail from baba, \"...and he really broke my stone!\" but where do you fiiiiiind these idioms???
She so fly to me!
Imma be posting a pic of every song on her set list from this concert tn.
Did kian really just rt that karina girl omfg
I guess frank and I aren't homies anymore
All my contacts just erased wth
Someone text me every update of this game !!!!!!
Meek right tho fuck they got my nigger doing pre-show
clearly you dont understand how much i dont wanna be here
Hahah that flop
Holy shit ouch!
i'm never sour i'm just smoking something much louder
Wish Drexel would post my grades
Fuck Chaves 4 cutting me off the soccer team
Quiero leer y no puedo con esta bulla
We'll if this isn't akward enough
Big ass BBQ at the beach . Hell yeah.
Joe Biden is dying
It really sucks having a chest that is flatter than your stomach lolol
There's a show for virgins \n\nWhere do I sign up
I can feel the energy through the TV
KSJC 261029Z AUTO 29011KT 10SM BKN012 BKN017 OVC023 17\/14 A2997 RMK AO2
Why do agencies that purport to work for social justice for under-served populations have so few ppl of color on staff?
Looking back at it Friday night was definitely a coming out party
TROPA SOMOS X SER CONTRA DANDO LA BATALLA X
I will never forget when tiaja and i brought out the pots and pans and started going in
I can't sleep and I'm driving to Anaheim tomorrow guckxallfkcks.
Dear just because the is going on, don't think I don't notice your lack of finishing games.
Hehe. The clock says 69
Laser tag is way ahead of its time
all julianna wants is for me to invite cute boys over
I don't even need to watch the games because my neighbors just scream every time there's a goal.
Death Note is back on Netflix! Yay!
I am the one who stayed awake to listen to your problems. I lost sleep for your affection, for you to feel like you had someone.
been up awake since 6am and i can't see straight idgafos if it's 8pm ya girl needs a nap
I want a night where I'm so chopped it's 6am and I'm still trying to turn up. It's been a while
Drake is always be my mcm .
Its not that im shallow but if we have children they need to have good genes.
I miss making bagels for
Teens giving me attitude for parking in the only spot available in the lot which so happened to be right next to them
Wanna finish this tattoo already. The itching is getting real annoying
Can't get over how perfect it was.
The fact that I just cried watching The Rugrats movie illustrates my emotional problems
KRIS TOOK A SC &amp; ALL U HEARD WAS ME SAYING \"hailey farts a lot btw\" IM PEEING
sad that you won't listen, but go ahead do whatever you want
I REFUSE TO LOSE TO A TEAM THAT IS SPONSORED BY PUMA. FOH!
I always see pictures with people who look like me but they're not me so I get confused
lisa has been holding her fart in over this call for like an hour
Gabi Wilson is fucking hot OMG
The rasp in my singing voice is on point today
He'll remain for the rest of the year. Nobody care
Pro hair tip: before swimming anywhere, but especially in chlorinated water, load your hair up with leave in conditioner, normal conditioner
But for the rest who like to live on denial, then food for you.\n\nAnd for the last time is a continent not a country.
I still don't even know what \"we\" are.
Whoever recorded \"who's line is it anyway\" on my DVR is my new favorite person
Why do parents keep leaving their kids in hot cars? What is wrong with people?
I just looked at the pics in my phone and my shit took like 8 screen shots of my home screen smh
remember when summers weren't spent in school or working all the time?
finally starting a book that isn't for school is a wonderful feeling
do u remember when we use to talk ??
fuck ya Mercia
Joey.. Sexiest nigga on your snapchat
Listening to the song \"Turn Down For What\" will never be the same.
Lol every night with my niggas been a movieee
On some real shit. Low key fucked up my shoulder this morning. Didn't notice it until now.
me and Alyssa always come up w the greatest most outlandish plans
I always feel dirty when I come back from a mets or giants game
\": John legend and Jhene Aiko was great frfr\"facts
Having a german coach makes a difference lol
Damn Sosa really got shot... Thank god he aiiight tho without him there is no music
If they're not fucking with you or fucking with people you're fucking with, then you shouldn't fucking care!
He has a thing for brown curly hair
Big Poppi makes big pop-up
I spun around and backhanded my brother in the face and it's his bday lol
Sam Querrey def. Bradley Klahn \n6-7, 6-4, 6-1, 7-5 in the 1st round of .
If you weren't there &amp; don't actually know what happened, put a fuckin muzzle on it
i found my moms sex you
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer
Many Ginobli gets away with so many pushoffs man..
Feel free to stop by my house with alcohol and talk about life with me
The album comes out in one month. Mark your calendars and get it, cuz it's really great
Joe Biden is the prince Harry of America. Let him just go party in Brazil instead of doing his job.
I'm just saying his family getting too big
Ugh I wanna DS so bad
If something happens in the World Cup and no one tweets about it, did it really happen?
Too early for this amount of fuckery.
I'm so freaking nervous for tomorrow...you owe me BIG time lol
Tell me how do screw up a salad? I'll tell you. Don't be bothered to toss it as requested, then provide the wrong dressing.
I want my husband to sing to me at our wedding
Netherlands are favorite to advance to the semifinals.
Kinda funny bc how everyone just puts 4 people together In a pic and they become \"fab 4\" so basic
Alright how many times do I have to check my alarm before I can go to sleep
Customer: \"Can I have a gyro?\"\nMe: Sorry sir we don't have gyros!\nCustomer: I want a gyro\n *points at churros*\nMe: Sir, thats a churro
Hashtag the quarter life crisis is real
Does boycott Tennis too? We have a Serbian vs a Bulgarian in the semis at ! Go Dimitrov!
I feel bad for . I'm sorry I have no control over my mood swings lately
A drug problem like Phillip Hoffman might have me in the coffin
Jermaine jones you stud
Guess my summer will be spent in canada
A quiet person is a smart person
THEN pls tell me how the delusional autism link is more dangerous than SMALLPOX, MEASLES, MUMPS, RUBELLA, WHOOPING COUGH. Please.
I need to be back in Florida
Is my mom deadasss getting another car.... The fuck. We already have 4
My man took the Messi move and shot
really BOring Dallas over Titus come on
Who are Mexicans always on the phone with ....
Altadore although I don't like seeing him hurt isn't great.
\"Fuck her right in the face\"
The ref needs to get a hold of this before Ghana starts hurting more of us
The twins really got to me
So I got called a mix between a Taylor lautner and too tall abercrombie model. So I guess that's a compliment ......
I need to go to sleep !!!
Birthday in Malaysia.... Not in New York yeeeee
Look at the curve!!??!??
Back in the bay and ready to take on the week.
That sad moment when Birthday Cake comes on and it's the 1m17s long version...
I should go for Japan in the World Cup since they literally have a mascot of Pikachu
Stepping up my music by downloading all shit is about to get wild these lyrics and beats are insane
How you ate chalk off the wall to get law suite money fucking bum
Y otra vez a chingar...
K guess I'm not seeing you tonight either .
Is this game on a radio station??
28- I deff saw you at the beach like 2 weeks ago but your so pretty and seem so sweet
33 seconds bitches!!!
Stay the fuck out of my business forreal.
Every moment I spend with you is like a beautiful dream come true
JONES LETS GO RNS AMERICA FUCK PORTUGAL EXCELLENT YASSSS
If I say I just got off work and I'm tired that doesn't mean try harder to get me to hang out with you
I feel LeBron is hungry and will stay at Miami
About to see at in NYC with and YES!!!
-Just Because By-()Featuring ()(ProducedBy )...
I was going to watch Teen Wolf to see what the commotion was about, but then I remembered MTV was three hours ahead on my tv lol its a sign
Tom Howard coming up BIG.
Thank you Jesus! Im saved till next month so now im poppin for this week!
. RT : You know you're in when the bar erupts into cheers when Joe Biden appears on the screen
Per Fox - Altidore has a strained left hammy, in case it wasn't evident enough.
granola bars are so good but they're not enough
This game is gooodd
I want someone close to me to have a baby so it can be mine too.
I should probably sleep :| i have a senior breakfast + graduation rehearsal tmr
My dad just looked on my instagram and goes \"ew who's that\" love u too dad
Shia labeouf is still really hot
It was such a sad dream I was crying so hard then I had a dream that I told my parents about my dream so now I'm awake like wtf
Imma just stop being nice. People love to turn away from nice people idgi
oh my god is this really happening
your my best friend and I'm gonna miss you so much ps your the best dancer I know ily
Fucking dinosaur cant even make a lay up
First thoughts on Nest API vs. HomeKit - cool use of Firebase, smart features for ETAs and constraints. Apple focus on scenes and hubs.
I can alrdy tell how today is gnna go
you just be actin an ass
my mama said i should accept yo apology, but fuck that cause it's reverse sociology.
I can't believe this mom on true life. Smfh
NY niggas love 2 talk shit lmfao...I fucks wit em
HAHAHA SEASON 2 of orange is the new black had a such a sick ending.
MADD city is an appropriate song for any occasion
We easily either just fuck or deny immoral girls, lazy girls or both
Reyes snap chat was just OD LightSkin I can't even handle it.
\"She ask me why I don't give a damn... I told her cause I don't know how much a levy cost\"
July 4th is more than fireworks &amp; cookouts. It's the freedom of a Nation, remembering who gave all, &amp; those defending her today.
Tequila drunk is the best drunk
My mind says Greece. \nMy body says Costa Rica. \n\nUrgh.
Awaiting the departure of the Acela Express to Boston.
bozo bozinho bozoca nariz de pipoca
I hate when people praise a dancing entertainers performance....that nigga better put on a show lol
my mom is drunk and lecturing me on how not to get pregnant and I think I'm done with this conversation
\": This really sucks\" your the man pooch fym
I only 12 and a half
errmahhgawd my pandora station is on point and I'm getting tooo pump'd
Manu gotta be fined b
\"Hey take it easy on those wings Benson\"
Like bitches get a hold of a 100$ and gotta put it on the gram
I think I would pee on myself if Justin Bieber even looked at me
Whatever you do, make sure it makes you happy
This ref is blowing the Greeks left and right
L. James you better suck up those tears and be a man!
maybe i shouldnt have looked up flesh eating bacteria
When you have a dream so lovely, you spend the next two hours upon wakibg trying to return to it.
Phones on one percent but imma jus let it die.
Love the moves the Knicks are making
Honestly can't remember one day this summer that I woke up before 1pm voluntarily
Whose down to hit up valley Fair tomorrow, I'll swoop
It's days like today that I am going to miss working at a in the
So partners with everyone, has Metallica, Phillip Glass, and Led Zeppelin. It's not looking good for you
Had the best day ever celebrating my 10 year old's bday!!!
Any nigga can kill a man dat dont make you a real nigga \n\n-Kendrik lamar
It's crazy how things work out!
D'Arnaud and Young love the upper cut
Summer better be awesome.
I have a couple of freckles
I got like 5 more days till my trip
Bonds hat size has gotten smaller over the years.. I wonder what the reasoning behind that it
Reppin America by wearing a Lil Wayne shirt rn
even as my time as a teen draws to a close I've realized I'll probably always be a shitty teen at heart
The best thing about weekends away from civilization is getting refocused on the things you want in life.
Due to TCS' Summer Quest Bball Camp, there will be no morning workouts this week. Goin ol school this week.
it's gonna cost 2 thousand dollars to repair the gps in my car....
What a slugfest! showing they can put a real fight even 10 men down.
Wish i could say what i want to say but i cant because you will get weirded out and stop talking to me
Take lots of pictures; not of sights. Take pictures of moments; not buildings. Because that's what matters.
I'm confused as to how we did not just score..
Visibly irritated Novak Djokovic is my favorite Novak Djokovic.
Pissed me and Jill didn't take a pic at the beach today
To the old school The Bit Bag fans: Remember Fat Anorexic? lol That dude was insane. Whatever happened to him?
Portugal is the ranked team in the world but they're looking like the worst team in this group
Election day is tomorrow people. Go vote in new blood or vote for the status quo. Point is go out and exercise your right.
Minus the whole 12 year old bae thing
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
I'm throwing a welcome home party for myself when I get to Georgia. Lml who pulling up
Ok that kick to the face should be a red card
And the you read it and you wonder what the actual fuck?? And you are sad and angry that this exists, and you were totally ignorant about it
The only time we really talk is when our clothes are coming off I like us better when were waaaaasted
Loving every second of this right now spurs bout to finish the heat!
Identity theft is growing. Who am I? Someone stole my identity now they can pay my taxes
Stalking people on insta and accidentally liking a picture from like 98 weeks ago is probably the worst thing ever
IM SO MAD NOW I AM RESPONSIBLE FOR GETTING ALL BOTTLES FOR TOMORROW
The world's going to hell in a handbasket but Washington Square Park still smells like weed...so there's some consistency in the universe.
If Mexico finished 2nd in there group then they will most likely play against Holland. If finish first then most likely Spain.
Just took a 4 hour nap
Got damn it yo.. I thought i could sleep in today
Fastest World Cup goal in 2014
I dont want drive at all on my.birthday
Well that was quick. Lol
Never seen a arm rocket like that
That kid better not sali con su domingo siete -.-
Kathy read something in Twitter and I had to act it out for her to get it...
Advil and coffee. Now.
Ugh I have a migraine which is refusing to allow me to fall asleep..
Fuck a party out here shit getting popped we turnin all the WAY DOWN.
Argentina has the best uni's.
the things you say run through my head
I remember I used to be the one saying shit wouldn't happen like that &amp; I'm the one who made it happen. Idk if I should happy or mad
1st time in !
Close that door cause were trying to watch pk's
Heat could SMD
Hoy es dia del abogado.Una profesion dificil de ejercer en un pais en donde no se respeta el estado de derecho ni hay separacion de poderes.
I have to wake up in 7 hours
I know this place like i come from it
Oo na na look at what you done started.
Taking the subway for our first time
My nephew thinks my necklace is candy lol
What would you guys rather see for tonights vid? i have either a cool edit i did, or Live Fails, Clips &amp; Reactions, Fav for edit RT for cut
he used to be my nigga , but now he on that bs
First time not working on 4th of July since 2008! Feels pretty good.
idek why I have unlimited texting honestly lol
Made a huge mistake by letting you back into my life's
I scraped my knee hoopin yesterday
The fucking gawd!!!!!
let's go down to the Tennis Court and talk it out like yeah
ALMADEN STOP WITH FIREWORKS OR GUN SHOTS ITS 2 AM
I need my weave dyed !
But why can't soccer just go into overtime?
They said I would STOP!!!!!\nTHEY even tried to STOP me....\nAll I'm going to say look at me now....\n\n
I wonder where all the money people give to churches go...let me stop playing, I see the luxury cars and the big houses these preachers have
I would love to spend one day with you down the shore,watch the sunset and then walk along the beach talking about pointless stuff at night
I love how my homies still hmu to say they miss me .
Einfluence influences 53% of all purchases 72% Brazil 65% China
Out of order toilet sign at LaGuardia: clip art toilet
I know how\nI know why\nI can picture every part of your comeuppance except for the one remaining piece of the puzzle which is when you'll die
Met this fine dime on the boat ride today. Y'all know I shagged it of course. I mean she 23 but shit, Age ain't a thing when it come to Zig
Well I'm happy I passed all my classes along with all of my regents. Now to the finish apush summer project and have fun...
Blowin up a niggas phone can you please fall back
You know I'm sick when I don't wanna eat my dad's ribs.
Really Ronaldo? That was bad
Did USA just score on their first possession?!
I wanna wear just my swimsuit to work now, no more shorts
After calculating the expenses of tuition, housing, books, and food then I'll have $978 left for everything else that year thanks to loans.
I just followed the most attractive boy
If God wrote the bible through his disciples then why are dinosaurs not mentioned?
My cousin is definitely like 14 years old and she's drinking in front of my face....
Summer officially began
U S A ! U S A ! U S A ! U S A!
Honestly I'm not the type to fight, but things happen
The dissatisfaction of coming out of an ice cold shower to immediately sweat. Welcome back summer.
Excited to see Paulo Montalban Sab Shimono &amp; company kick it tonight
Packing for &amp; already realizing I will not get any sleep tomorrow night
Woah mom just called me an animal, rawr
A better question is will I have enough money to come back
Worst texter goes to , I've been waiting 6 days for that reply
el piojo cada vez q celebra un gol, parece q le hubieran tirado baygon
A broken nose ain't stopping Dempsey!!!!
Hptas con Messi no.
This is starting to become habitual. And Iove it.
Kind of cool to run over and take a dip. Nice pool at my nephew's house
Mobile &amp; devices require new user interfaces beyond voice - speaking doesn't scale. Devices must aspire to anticipate needs
Seriouslyncome get food with me rn
I love watching but it's just not the same without . I miss my sissy.
This album bumps! Never disappoints.
Summer is going to be over before we know it
WOOOOH! Look at the crowds cheering for SAS!!
Really want to go to a sporting kc game. They look like so much fun!
Seriously want to curl up and cry right now.
U ain't no factor, sumn like a actor.
I just cried from the old woman kills me
It takes bae straight 5 years to come over...
People show their true colors UNINTENTIONALLY. Pay attention.
I love summer nights
that makes so much more sense now.
Happy meals are only $2.99 at McDonald's now, why haven't I known this until tonight....
I'm a legend u should take a picture wit me \nu should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge u a fee
Parent trap is like my fav
RFT\": Im amazed at how people can be so book smart, but lack being street smart .\"
Friday looks good
Yaaaaaas finally bout to get my boba fix
All day all I can think about is pussy ass and tits
Young thug got some weird adlibs lol
I can never feel too down in the loss category. At the end of the day the demand for a good man is higher than that of a good woman lol
Google IO After Hours in one word: Wow! The food and drink were incredible.
Paige and Cameron on commentary was just fucking awful.
Omg! I have to go Jeff's before I leave &amp; get a peach milkshake!
Favorite part about the gym is blasting good music on the way there
You know the end is near when you favor the memories more than the present.
It's rain, not the apocalypse, drive your damn car.
I wish I was friends with one if the kardashians
You diving little cunt
Jet lag is a mother fugger
DEMPSEY HOLY FUCK USA!!!!!!!!
\": we makin that move or whatttt ?\"hell yeah we out
Just twisting your words. I love martyrs
\"Thank god you're going to school in a city because you're not cut out for this whole nature thing.\"
todas piolas mis amigas de twitter y las de la vida real mmm nO
I need a new pair of sneakers
Maybe tomorrow I'll wake up with a thigh gap and a flat stomach... She thinks while snacking alone in bed.
shannel sent me a pic of my ex and was like why did you date him
yooooo why am I reallyyyy dying laughing lmao
\"RFK Accident. Three lanes blocked. Heavy delays.\"
Download X! It's on iTunes
I am suffering from a case of \"White Castle Body\"
I'm really not impressed by Ronaldo
Sometimes it hurts to see women have children and never love them or really care for them.
When your info is \"will you be my tinderella?\" I just want to slap you through the phone... It's Cinderella to you, fool.
Let me roll you the perfect joint
Is wearing all black and a hat no longer the universal sign of \"please do not talk to me\"?
What if Broly was actually in love with Goku, and what he was really fighting was... his feelings!!
\"I get nervous around you.\" Cody, that says a lot.
Let's Go USA
Was in HB all day tried to tan didn't work
OK, I'll say it: Watching US\/Portugal right now - this is why US basketball installed the shot clock. People won't pay to watch passive play
there's a difference between being a tease(maybe a lil cleavage In a selfie) and \"I have no self respect so lemme throw my nudes on twitter\"
Came home to my dad watching kpop music videos. I grabbed some chips and sat down with him lol
&amp; fuck these other niggas I'll be right by ya side til 3005
I talk to a dude from my church and he js said I cussed because I said \"hella\" lol he cracks me up
Con Android TV, Android Wear, AndroidOne y Android Auto, Android como plataforma abierta lo tiene muy crudo, me temo.
Dempsey's face just exploded...
There's no food at the apartment and I'm hungry :\/
Cut em' off when they don't act right !
good people. good vibes. good food. beautiful city.
Listening to \"The Thrill of it All\". From Country Life\/Roxy Music
Really can't find my wallet
Messi is okay. Clint Dempsey is the one you gotta watch out for
Fireworks for tonight are already postponed until tomorrow, thank you hurricane.
JFK airport waiting for a lift home...!!
I just realized that I have been up for two hours and most people are still asleep
Got a hot date at the grocery store with my man :)
Give me FIFA results . Love FIFA . Win Germany .
\"I do believe in That 70s show.\" \n
the prettier the girl, the crazier.
My love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, flyer.. Didnt you know this, or didnt you notice?
Spotted: Andres Lee, Ryan Strome and Calvin de Haan
There should be nothing on people's minds other than what our government is doing. Pay attention or we all lose.
We'll we won't see the video till later cause marissa went home and her phone ain't on
pretty sure this is the first Monday I've worked since highschool.
Everyone on twitter is so helpful, don't know what I would do without you guys
Yah my babe snapshot I lobe you im proud of you well he is actually my fantasy babe
I love SF, but man do i miss LA
When a normal kid gets a headache u give em Tylenol and send to bed when an AE kid gets one it's scary
Janine and Clay keep me awake so late
Transformers age of extinction was 3 hours but it was worth it since the cgi and battle scenes were biblical!
You can runaway, do your best to hide your face oh I know you best, I know you get what you get and you'll get what you deserve
.that was a right CRACKER!!\n\nI watch way too much EPL.\n\n! ! !
I've used 7 out of my 2 gigabytes of data for the month oops
\"Detesto que la vida te de la oportunidad de ser feliz y en un abrir y cerrar de ojos te la quite\"
Damn, The U.S.A has a weird preference. lmao
I eat so much ice cream that my mouth and jaw hurts
my motto: Cs get degrees
Touch screens make for horrible accidents
The only make up I wear is mascara lol
Do not have your bank statements sent here.
Fireworks at orchard then BBQ then Party
People refer to acid trips as \"using your third eye\" which i totally get. But when i think of third eye i think of a dick hole....lmfao
Buena vida Buena vida eh...PURAAA VIDAAAA MAE!!! WoW!!! es
I like how they say \"World Cup fans\"... Just say Mexican lol
My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start
Being nice ain't getting you nowhere
Hi student loans and future debt
I rather blast my head off than go to work right now
Whose line is it anyway is still the funniest show ever.
Good thing all my friends work today so I'm gonna hangout with my mom I guess
golden rubbers in these denim pockets
Gym + country music = the best
Out to Casa Mia celebrating my Mom's Birthday! !
Need to get this regents over and done with.
Someone hit me up with some 4th of July plans Cuz mines r canceled Cuz of this weather.
Oh tequila shots .. You did me dirty
Everyone and their mother has tweeted \"who's up\"
'Tis 06:00 am, time to pee and be madly in love with
boys like you will continuing picking sluts &amp; girls you can control, until you mature, by then the good ones are long gone &amp; you fucked up.
your girl has chipped nail polish for more than a day she doesn't care about herself SOWHY do you think she cares about you
I'm bout to confront her in front of her boyfriend .. So I don't seek fake
Chi va in America e si becca l'uragano?
Avert from us all calamities, and divert and raise all afflictions.
Actually stopped to say hello to Sanford, his wife Rena (who were both so friendly) Ross, and Tim as were leaving the restaurant :)
i have to shower and then pluck my eyebrows so bye
Side note: why do I keep seeing the lakers name pop up
Almost done reading The Fault in Our Stars
Nothing is as peaceful\/creepy as the drive back home at 3am
I think i should go to sleep lmao
\": I miss my old friends\" I miss u 2
I fucking hate my bed I'm never comfortable.
my parents deadass make my life a living fucking hell, stop fucking treating me like im fucking 5 years old !
If anyone tweets about teen wolf I will be so upset
Back and forth from gate to tarmac 3 times in 8 hours and then this Vancouver flight re routed to Cinci. This is a first for me. Huzzah!
Ayye tonight....it's a Who we introducing....who we Introducing
GOOAALLLLL GOOOOOO ARGENTTINNAAAA
All these black females dying their hair blonde... Looking like duracell batteries
Get up pussy
All of me is sore
The Portugal Diving team looks good though
I will forget what I feel &amp; remember what I truly deserve... I've given my all
JULY 9TH got a show at GAMECHANGER RT 9 SOUTH HOWELL...starts 7pm. Contest to be in ELECTRIC ADVENTURE in Seaside Aug 2 &amp; 3rd.
rebelution &amp; tribal seeds are coming to the bay &amp; idk which one to go to...
bad bitch she a master piece
Our Quarterback Gonna Be Beast This Season
Judge Mark A. Ciavarella deserves to rot in jail.
So pumped for the soccer games today, let's go
The delete\/ignore button has become my best friend
Second quarterfinal game* in regards to my last tweet. Brazil and Chile yesterday
The driver of this double decker bus has a very New Yorker attitude about crosswalks. Doesn't wanna stop at em.
Don't y'all niggas dare raise them prices.
Happy that Vanderbilt one bc that means is happy
Almost had a boob grab right there
Last tweet till Easter -_-
Chicago and back in a day. Meeting at 12 EDT. Which is precisely when the US kick-off.
Wow I didn't know my car was so dirty
I forget what westfield looks like
Still thinking about yesterday's \"Life Itself\" screening at and ... Will rewatch \"Tree of Life\" in his honor.
Ronaldo isn't 100% he should be taken off.
you forget about the bullshit after awhile ya know
Too small bras hurt My boobs, too well endowed to go \"unbuckled\". Just saying.
We're on an hour wait and my ex wants to shoot the shit. Lol no.
Just saw for the first time. Really wonderful dancers, the lot. And the lot of them can go ahead and dance their way to my place.
I care way to much about people sometimes and it fucking sucks.
.another pun like that and I'm telling your Mothra.
I'm heated af rn and I got the ill cramps
I did literally nothing at work today &amp; I'm exhausted
Sad part about this whole subject is that you would of had it all
And my question is how you still look yourself in the mirror and feel good about yourself .HA.
The heart remains with pure intentions
I just noticed none of this matters, I have a home in heaven
Went to sleep at 3 up at 530 and can't go back to sleep...COOL
All I wanna do is smoke and lay on a blanket outside n relax wit some music
Once a rat, always a rat
Aubrey Drake Graham should of won
Monday sitting at the bar wasted with taylor and my uncle. I live for this
An absolutely beautiful strike from jones.
Hahaha my Instagram is filled with sunrise pictures from Compo after PGP
literally chipped a nail trying to get this monster knot out of my hair
Julie is really cranking the tunes
Mas personajes y no naces , verdad tio ?
I'm keepin it real wit y'all\n\nby keepin it real wit me
Westwego, LA New Orleans, LA Siloam Springs, AR Russellville, AR Fayettville, AR. .what's up tho
Andddd... That's game
Messi does whatever he wants
Someone put vodka in the dogs water bowl last night..
also if i go to the beach tomorrow and i get bailed on one more time im gonna walk my ass down somewhere and punch someone in the fuckin jaw
Jack McGee just walked into my house and I almost cried
My prediction: 3 1. Not crazy over France!
I don't know what's happening. Sorry. I'm just gonna go wrap myself in a blanket burrito and sleep for an eternity. Bye.
But really, it's gotta rain ?
That was fast
it feels as if somebody was gripping my throat
I wish Anthropologie didn't have such weird employees
You ain't a man if u in jail.
Lol that was sposed to say hay but I'll leave it as gay bc it's funny
Yo so who wants to go see Lorde with me in October at Greek theater?
the spurs are just a class act
Good Burger never gets old
Iggy Azalea is fucking ugly &amp; one of the most idiotic people in the industry.
Can everyone just stop using Kermit the Frog to come at everyone's head? It's getting old.
Today was a day full of love and fun and there is still more to be had. Tell some1 u love them, they might do the same.
Gotta hand it to my bros they've been keeping me sane this week
Friends DEMAND BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE!! You\/we deserve it!! Standing in line with 15 people and 1 teller is not acceptable! Taking action!
I wanna change my header but idk
I'm effed up from mud wrestling I have rug burns every where
Alyssa is the biggest hornball.
I love The Riddler more than anything and and current arc\/issue maybe the bed Riddler story ever
For teen wolf that no mouth looking monster creeps me out
I know semi-dancing (y'know chair\/hip\/shoulder dancing) makes ppl on BART nervous, can't help it LOSING YOU by just came on!
I live literally next to my job and I'm still late to it
Ashley's going away party at naps tn cum thru~
Really digging You Blew It!
ME AND ARIANA ARE IN THE SAME STATE SJSBJSNSKSHAKJSUSNSKBEJEKSNHSBSNSU
Was on some high shit and spelled my snapchat name wrong when I made it
I'm latching on babe now I know what I have found
Gun on me x lil Reese and king beese
Sorryyy! RT : \"I though sleep was for billionaires\"
I was so nice&amp; content sleeping before till Anthony woke me up at midnight to wish me happy birthday.. Nice gesture but now I'm wide awake
Altidore ja era. Ainda bem, ruim demais. GO USA
Am I mad? Why yes I am
why does sehun always look 5 with that one hairstyle yea u know what hairstyle im talkin about
Dave chappelle that ain't ya wife...
I'm happy I get to go to all these concert but my heart is broken cause none are the One Direction one
One of my homies an honest nigga. Some lady dropped money and he picked it up for her and ran down the block to give it to her. Not Me. Shit
I need a fake ASAP
my time ln this world is limited but the things i can do are not
* Tries on 40 different outfits before leaving the house; settles on black T-shirt *
Woke. Up in a great mood
just like messiss goallll
Oh boy. Straight out of FIFA pro clubs...
I'm getting really tired of some people.
Sometimes our enemies are closer than we think
I think today's going to be the day someone dies of boredom and by someone I mean me
But seriously put in Wondo my bru!!!
Whatever fuck the SATs im gonna be a musician
Someone just called me off tims phone and asked me if Ive ever got my butthole licked
Get with it or get away from it
Same shit different day
out to see \"Think Like a Man Too\"
Where the fuck is drake at? Tf
caught a cramp in my calf omg that ish hurt so bad
One of my housemates name is Jenny From the Block, that's probably not true but I don't care.
Holy tits its hot out
2 am thoughts and they ain't about you
Haven't slept for 4 nights cause jax has been sick. Now that he's finally sleeping by himself, I can't sleep.
Between my two jobs &amp; internship I have no time for twitter-I would hire someone but I don't trust anyone to capture my true self in a tweet
\"Tell em dont waste my time\"
if you've never experienced dinner with my family then you're really just missing out
If you have black hair and blue eyes molest me and call me LUCY
School tomorrow is a no
I love my friends so much, they're the greatest people in the world.
Dear : Help save and demand Mayweather vs Pacquiao on Twitter! You'll be a sports legend forever! Fans are suffering!
I haven't moves from my bed in 8 hours. I'm okay with that.
I love how I can text sam at any hour about anything and she can always cheer me up
you know that ain't a real bag thts a knock off
\nHuge shoutout2 da loving &amp; brilliant &amp; members 4 bringing us all together
That was an ass win
mexico jerseys on sale now.
Her and I usually have to pee around six am
Don't nobody give a fuck how I feel hah
Scored 2, assisted 2. Won 4-2. Dare to Zlatan.
Not that being Jamaican is bad... but I'm not Jamaican...
No, I'm not affected. I just happened to have written a poem about it, but no, I'm not affected.
il saigne saaale miskine
Just when i thought maybe wasnt an idiot anymore he proves hes a real moronic idiot on his show tonight ranting about ties
I don't understand I need help understanding
Why does stuff like that happen to you , \"because GOD hates me!\" Normal convo with
I'm done with PC statement cal a spade a spade a bitch a bitch and an asshole an asshole get over it!!
Meeting is wide-ranging; now covering recipe for homemade rat poison: flour, sugar, peanut butter, baking soda.
I want my mylokai bracelet I need it in my life omg cannot wait any longer for it to arrive
Finally got my tooth put in today
My heart is breaking into a million little pieces and I can't even clean myself up
I'm also bringing in my personal percolator to make everyone a vat of coffee.
Just went through my closet and never realized what a girly girl I am till I saw all these skirts lying on my bed lol
AGWJWVWI SOJEJWVWI DOQ QH SIQ WI WVa. WHEOS SKAOE SIA W W CSKAMBEKW WIWKEKW DIDNMWKWKSBEBWOBSBWPWBSOW WIWJ. GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!
What r u doing now
For once Ian is speechless.
ok just saw a spider just chillin in my room bye going to sleep
Costa Rica better win in penalties
I can't breathe out of my nose..
3 hours of sleep lastnight and worked 9 and a half hours today so I guess you can say I'm exhausted
Turn around baby, bless me with your beauty
Holy crap, those jerseys!!
I love it when nicole nomorosa calls me lollllll
There's two thing I want in life: \n1) attend Hogwarts \n2)kiss a unicorn. \n:P
I just love this boy.
I want a job where work doesn't seem like I'm working.
Tim's inspirational talk: \n\nTim: \"in seventh grade I wore fedoras\"\nMe: \"woah\"
Nice time with my girl, amazing moment are being made. Let's make it last forever q
Only going to school tmrw to take the stupid physics final but it's all good cause I have the answers :-)
ive spent everyday on my porch listening 2 best coast and wishin i had a crush this summer
\"You cant just shit in your front yard\"
If I were to ever make it to Hollywood which isn't my intended goal, &amp;I was asked: \"Who are you wearing? \"\nI would say: \"I'm wearing myself
Bagels at 915 pm
Wrong send lng sa. haha wa jpon ng bago bes.
Damn wtf am I still doing up? I have work in a few hours, goodnight
I hate when people text you first , and then they don't respond after a few messages
So I had cake-pops for the first time today...
Wearing your boyfriends clothing is one of the best things in life.
\": I do not give one fuck, two fucks, red fucks, or blue fucks about the World Cup.\"
I really want a me tills sandwich.
Just fawud in from ball game.. Tell me who win the awards so far plz..
My day just started and this girl already got a attitude
but the male cuttlefish at the end protects the female while shes giving birth si cute ;v;
I'm about to go for a run and its hot as fuck outside is this a joke
On the bus I alternate between fun twitter, serious twitter and listening to Game of Thrones on audio.
Wow expectations suck
You know I stay reminiscing &amp; make up sex is tradition .
After working with the public, I truly wonder if some people own mirrors.
Still got my money on Belgium
Real \"friends\" dont throw what they have done for each other in each others faces
oh Miami Heat FANS dyan ihanda nyo na mga rope nyo!!!
IAF pounding Gaza terror sites after day of rocket attacks.
My expectations for summer were way to high, I havent even gone 20 miles away from my house..
Bout to ask pops to lunch tomorrow, cause my mom taught me to love others unconditionally n even tho he was absent I love him
Totally loving Hottest couples &lt;3
Superman's dead nigga there ain't no 7 dragon balls to revive his has.
Leave it up to me ash and Nicole to walk into the wrong 22 jump street... sitting there for 10 minutes watching it from halfway through..
MY NEW HEADER IS MY FAVORITE THING RIGHT NOW
If your mind is so closed, why is your mouth so open?
Wow nd oomf just popped up ... a sign or nahh? Lol
Don't text while cooking with a hot pan...
Trying to be a good student
I spend $$ so fast :-(((
Naps are a beautiful thing
I FEEL FAT AF I AM MAKING USE OF THE TREADMILL TOMORROW
when im bored i look at my magcon pictures but then i ended crying
Ive been wanting a damn vanity desk for sooooo long ))):
have to be RT : Joseline hacked?
Vincent Kompaby a doubt for the US game
What do you know our flight to LAS is delayed.
I haven't had wifi at my house all day wow living in 1492 antebellum america is amazing
Sometimes I stop and ask myself what I'm doing in life.
I want to go to Croatia
What a goal by jermaine jones americans tied it up now
Females who clown niggas for wearing chains...Be wearing them plastic ass Forever 21 lion small neck ass chains...
Why do girls have sex with other guys to get back at a guy that hurt her?
clean energy is no longer on the periphery. It's core to our next energy systems.
I just had to text deana 12 times in a row for her to answer back. Shes still working :x lol
Like I want to get back into teen wolf but then I'd have to go all the way back to season 2 and its so much work ugh
You're a catalyst to your own happiness, you know. This is your heart, it's alive.\nIt's pumpin' blood.
When I nigga brings up my Ex, I roll up an L.
It's been like 4 days since I saw and I miss her
These Rap battles gotta stop having these fake ass Gang Bum dudes on stage. Only there to act tough for the Camera
Did your mom and dad forget to tell you they love you?? That's my problems
Getting old, recovery time increasing, flexibility decreasing, ankle sprains easier, less body fat, and more weight.
\": lmao whaaaaaat why you making up stories on twitter\"ass eater.
Ah, it wouldn't be the New York City suburbs if I hadn't already been flicked off by another driver
I was more nervous about Doolittle almost throwing a walk than anything else all year
First game done and over with! Bring on the next victims
This is my bliss. This is my dream! Someday!\nThx
That nigga dreads look tired af
Kranium xx nobody has to know
THIS RAP BATTLE IN has me dead
I refuse to associate myself with people who dont respect me completely but I'll also make sure I'm acting like a respectable woman
its amazing how many people just don't bother with you...at all. Unless they need something of course.
Its sad how people change
It's cold af in San Ramon
Bout to be a nice relaxing night
but hey if Ashton was willing to let you ride his dick would you say no bc he has fans tht will hate you\n\nFuck no you would ride the d
La idea es meter cualquier tweet Aguante
I know Dae phone on pop right now
Fucking laser goooooaaaaallllll
Eric just came into my room gave me a high five and said \"You fucking rock dude\"
my mom judges me because of the amount of bracelets I wear on my wrists lololol
I LOVE YOU CLINT DEMPSEY
I basically wrote the opposite side of . So that's cool.
My Boo Chris Brown Abt To Perform!!!
is it weird that i'm excited to watch movies on the plane and eat airplane snacks
Late check in for Saturday: walked 2.57 mi shopping in soho :)
I only ever get to see my friends when we're at the same concert. Give me a summer and hang out with me.
happy birthday to the homie
that's not going to be okay we're done
My dad has the world most annoying ringtone ever.
I'm forever grateful for all my blessings but these checks br looking like shyt from my high skoo days ...ugh! Wontstoplooking
Who else is going to the ub camp today
May just stay up the whole night
Apparently the plus 40 is silents in \"ill be there in 10 min
Idk what happened but the EI population as a whole looks like it's going through middle school again. What is your hair and face..
What is Courage? Courage does not always roar. Sometimes, it is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, \"I will try again tomorrow\"
My plans only work when I don't make plans
Fuck that Meek you gotta chill shit I be on the get a nigger killed shit
Annie yous a baddie
Well at least some guy wants to buy my rims and wing.
It's okay to have dreams and ambition but society got us confused. We rather pick up the ball before the book
Oomf can suck my whole dick, forreal. Let you get slick out ya mouth, you gettin smacked. Uk who you are too. Jus watch ya mouth lil nigga.
Do you prefers attendees of your wedding to wear summer dresses or something a bit more formal? Let us know!
Why does my back hurt to the point that I cant even lay down... like yesterday I forgot I even had issues so.... why
Slowly dying... I think I have a stomach virus.
SORRY I smoked all my feelings away, all I can think about is sweet Mary J.
The racist discourse of WW2 was familiar to me from vintage films. Yet I am shocked by it afresh, seeing it on the physical printed page
I haven't watched la rosa de Guadalupe in soooo loong
Team snapchats my story was inspiring
Let's be clear. There's no room for intolerance = .
ugly ass shirt, juicy j take that shit off
Messi finally got a goal
Life Lesson: When someone says \"A couple a min=It's 5 to 15! If they say 5 to 10=1\/2hr min! If they say bout 1\/2 hr= 1 hr to 2 hrs!
ITS OFFICIAL! Havin my BIRTHDAY partyin LA the 28th! It's gonna be a BBQ\/pool type affair. DM text or tweet me for details if ya wanna come!
\"My teeth feel weird that means I'm wasted\"
Of course sometimes we must make a stand, defend principle. But when? Oh, the muddle ensnares us!
China made two human robots that read and respond in multiple languages. And were over here trying to be rappers &amp; bad bitches. Were fucked.
This is fucking crazy. Bro
Eww she said his name dead WRONG! It's Usher! Get it right get it sight!
I meant \"hoping\" he takes it into the game
I'm just a young nigga hustlin
Okay, i gotta question. Who cant afford LOTP ? I might gift some people depends how many doesn't have it. I feel nice.
The coffee today at Starbucks was more bitter than usual, it must be pissed about this Fourth of July weather like the rest of us
it doesn't feel like the 4th of July at all..
Great week to be a liberal. Celebrate with Dave 4 Adam and Steve marriage and engage in an anti american sport rife with ewwww eurotrash
Sext: born to lie
OMG I YSED THE WRING ENOJI FOR MY LAST TWEET
I need to start using my jacuzzi more often
We still miss from Emily's season!
there's a tour bus outside my hotel BUT WHY
How am I going to take this chem regents tm when I can't even fall asleep ??
My sister ran over my foot today
don't take a boring showers man.
She's possibly the worst driver as well
Bosnia deserved that goal
My whole twitter feed is wedding porn
Begging for Janey's affection and she just says bye h e l p where's the friend police
Thank God it's friday!!! I'm ready move the heck on from this week!
Annnnd I don't have my shorts
Somebody has to wanna go see zack brown band seriously
Jass was twerking at pride y'all ! She was getting down on some guys private areas !!!!!!
What do I want from sevs
Um, I don't want to seem pretentious, but I was disinterested in soccer WAYYYY before the World Cup
God is all I need, and his will is what matters
2 more to go. Off to CLT &amp; ATL
Give me your heart, make it real or else forget about it.
Looks like Mike Green is staying a capital.
Im Terrible At Inviting Myself Girl Call Me Over ...
i definetely did something to piss matt off
*post Instagram pic gets 40 likes* *another person posts one and gets 100 likes*
Spurs for the title, end the game rn
that's what I hate about country schools smells like shit 24\/7
The amount of coffee I drink is so unhealthy
atta babe Dempsey! Let's do thissssss
I may have just lost all respect for Lebron after not going down the court to play offense on that possession and literally staying back
Seriously my mother irritates me so much
Goalie couldn't do anything about that one
Hot Topic ain't shit .. yellow high knee socks are out of stock, THEY HAD ONE JOB
Just got back from the best voice lesson in years. I sang the entire drive home and my whole body is happy and sore.
Trying to go to fair by this Friday
You make me feel the right kind of wrong.
Now if had an idea that DW was having an issue sending Flores down makes even less sense
craving motz sicks. it's 10 AM.
such a sad societal state when, coming across genuine acts of chivalry, I am unsure whether to be insulted or grateful
Sometimes when people drink out of like a gallon of ice tea it really grosses me out.
LIKING ALL MY PICTURES WONT MAKE ME FOLLOW YOU BACK
That can not be for real tho lmao
We getting this threesome on the phone or nah?
working eight hour shifts two days in a row wears me out so much T-T
Pinchie bola de estupidas..man crushing a criminal is the stupidest shit I've ever heard...
a year ago I couldn't imagine myself without you and now I can't imagine myself back with you :* just wouldn't happen I'm better off alone(:
Bring in Brooks!
El que se buca su cualto ta.... rarata numero 25... y te pasamo calibrao en un suzuki a ciento y pico - Minerva Mirabal
I would think Duncan and Ginoboli would retire but honestly they could win it all again next year
Thoroughly convinced that my mother invited the Craigslist killer to my house tonight.
There's the US bad luck. Altidore carted off
I can't not watch Shutter Island
Big thanks to , , , , and the awesome developers &amp; designers in Toronto, ATL, and DC!
FIRST OF ALL...why are the Heat comfortable with Bosh taking 5 threes?
Lol I don't have time for this shit.
Busta Rhymes look like a fruit roll up.
Have no idea where I am bad idea to nap in the car
What a beautiful feeling it must be
Los golpes de la vida son muy cruelessss
I've never felt as alone as I do right now. It's depressing.
I'm not like them. I don't need to have a bf to give me attention. My animals give me lots.
tbh Amber better go to Nocturnal with me :(
My dog is so lazy lol he don't want to exercise.
A sporting event being decided by a shot competition. Where have I seen this before?
Why hasn't there been a Tom Waits cameo on True Blood?
I forgot how bad the b69 was. :(
Jennifer Hudson is a bad bitch
Good thing I'm lifting again , geez
Now all the sudden he wants to skype
but I guess change is good..
Y el \"Chiquilin\" Garcia con la mision de regresar al Pasaquina a segunda (?)
Just googled 'where is Vanderbilt.\" I knew it was in Nashville just needed to confirm.
Very few creative social marketers are allowed to step out. Allow your social media to be creative. Be original
So who's got the bigger gun? is
Look at all those tattoos! Yea he must be rich.
thunder OKC the real winners
I declare tomorrow a day of peace love and kindness everywhere spread love breathe love write loving kind and peaceful words ty willow~
He called bruh a cock cradler. Lmao
What 17 year old doesn't know how to act?
+44 is literally the only pandora station I need to live
Much needed day off tomorrow. With activities.
kites getting anxious. He NEEDS poon
Until then I shall be at work
Like shit, I just wanted a bagel.
So trash goes to trashville? Seems legit.
Still don't know if it was a serious question
Try to make it slow , try to lose control ...
Incia grupo G con un gol a Estados Unidos frente a Ghana.
Justice always makes me feel better
don't like the feeling of things being kept from me, no matter how bad they'd hurt, i deserve to know.
Niggas really be trash asf at rolling.... lemme get you
Keansburgg Water parkk
Who woulda thought Patiala House would get a nigga feeling so senti.
Boutta take a trip to my dad spot . The game is too much rn
\": stop sleepin all da time\" nap was to good
$ bellybuttonash $ ur acc is super cute
If you want a real conversation so bad just text me back once in a while.
you're either cut out to be a military wife or you are not...... and you are NOT
Let's go !!
LET IT GO LET IT GO CANT HOLD IT BA.... Stfu
If I could be any cartoon character I would be goth Carlie Brown
The NHL draft picks highlight reals get me goin
This guy stopped at a red light then decided to just keep driving??? Then sped??
Hope this gym ain't hella hot
All the hair from Tim Howard's head ran away to his face
Like as if they were a bag of Ruffles
Glantz: make use of wealth of experts at . Also, cultivate local experts, groups, you can turn to at drop of hat.
NYC all day yay
JONES I LOVE YOU
I need to go outside
That's going to awkward when he comes home
I got like 2.5 k tweets i think
I've been told I'm heartless but I swear to God I'm emotional af
I'm putting niggis butt virginity on eBay
Im about to go back to sleep.
upset that my brother didnt give me a hug but i guess its all good
Watching USA vs Portugal rooting for Portugal
good day to go to the beach
JR smith might be the best nba player In this decade
Parker start scoring when lebron not guarding him
my favorite thing about Stef &amp; Lena's parenting is that they're so up front with their kids &amp; don't suffocate them so much
\"Where's the lighter ?\" \"Right in front of you..\"
That may be the realest thing I have ever retweeted. lol
Everything about tonight is just to perfect
Boys, I want a fucking ring.
Finally on the ferry to OB
I have to baby sit my sister and her boyfriend tonight cause no parents gonna be home, COOL.
\/\/Pero al menos no eres extranjero o si?
Fed$ $till watching fuck they got a nigga locked up
I didn't even know they were married
I really love it when people ignore especially after I said something that was hard to say
Fuck it make some sand art
Not another country on this planet I would rather live. Proud American, shortcomings and all. Simply because we have the power to change it.
How come spongebob is a sponge when all of his family members are chocolate chip cookies ?
Just checked out the first episode of very cool. Dark, gritty underbelly of Baltimore. Very awesome cast as well!
Made some bomb tilapia n rice yummy
I almost asked him to take a driving selfie with me hahahaha
Never getting out of my bed goodnight
Every time I see your name\/unsername pop up I automatically give it the finger.
These hosts r ridic!!!damn girls enough!!
There is like a hurricane outside my house right now.
YESSSS LETS GOOOOOO
La unica foto que podria haber salido bien no la subieron
It's the flight back to Jeddah from San Francisco.. Back to mode !
Saying I'm going to punch you and I'm going to kill you, is two different things!! Ya asshole
cuddle me or give me cash either is acceptable :)
CANT FEEL MY LEGS!!!!!! HEY , FUCKING GAINZ SON!
I got my hopes up too much
To buy a motorcycle or to buy a car... Hmmmm...
WHAT IS FUCKING WRONG WITH PEOPLE
The crowd is always louder for Jeter
Been listening to Jake Owen for a month straight now... I think that's a tell-tale sign of a good show.
\"Refrigerate after opening. As in life, chill for best results.\"
Lean got me movin In slow motion
But it's only his 2nd world cup goal. Smh
World Cup is making me all kinda of salty.\nCameroon can kiss my Croatian ass.
Literally cannot wait to go to the gym
On Univision it's like Mexico never lost the WC
I Shoulda Been Born A Guy. I Can't Handle Weak Females, That Shit Pisses Me Off
Folding napkins and watching the game from my phone
So you're allowed to kick people in the nose now?
HA! Shoulda gone to that Denver show, would have shown a few people their place. Glad my friends had a good time tho :) come see me in Cali!
HAHHAHA fake fake fake. Leave me alone :) buh bye
Everything is always better when we are together
Let's go USA
But just one gallon of it contains the same amnt of nutrients as a mouthful of dirt AND in one fell swoop you'll shit a waterfall of toxins.
Yo I lowkey underestimated these 2014 white girls... all you black females better step it up or yall gonna be looking lonely until 3005
bitch kneed me in my vagina.
As much as i hate the lonely life. I'd rather be alone working on myself then bein with the wrong one .Comparing and telling me what I'm not
And now there dogs are running around the yard too. I'm done.
Yesterday this girl got 20 pumps of classic in her green tea.
Only thing messi can do
y do I get sick every night like what
\"Wow if you don't post a picture of your dad on Instagram on Father's Day does he really exist?\" -Jeanine asks the REAL questions.
.is taking it back with him and 's duet
This movie I'm watching is so fucked up...
I'm just gonna stay away from EDM music until I recover.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO USZDJBSCFEDFI HBCEW NOO
Take your shirts off!
I wanted to go see Bey and Jay On The Run tour but them tickets rass
I love cam. cams my life
One step closer to seeing my sister !
laying on the couch watching movies sounds like a perfect night
Ant is by far the slowest person ever
I just wish I recorded it at least once
My girlfriend said I can't have a three some. Smh.
going to the to kill some time.
Forever hate running in the cold
YouTube can finally play when I'm in other apps love this phone
on . What a great day to show that the empire is still alive
Adults getting involved in something that doesn't involve them or their kids... Grow up
if my headaches continue, I'm gonna have to go to the doctor again :((
Hate when guys fish for compliments
Fuck you forreals . \nSome respect you fucken have for your babys mother. Stupd bitchass nigguh.
My phone should just die
Why the fuck people keep recording their TVs? I got my own damn tv
I wouldn't be mad if Jabari went to Philly. It's closest to NY!
Get off my mind give back my heart and get the fuck away from me
New charger came in, finally got to see Isaiah, family get together for the birthday boy and Teen Wolf season premiere!
Things people shouldn't be embarrassed of: 1. Their feelings 2. Their bodies
Playing the role of mother tonight at sloppy shoreline
rlllllyy wish I had a pool
Family could dead ass be fucked up ..
Blown away by how many fine ass dudes reside in California... why am I not moving home
I remember last summer a cab driver had mad nutcrackers &amp; he gave me &amp; my friends one for free
But you expect me to just trust you. It's way easier said than done
\"Ahhh that's non of your business bow wow\"
No sleeep when with the fam
I can't wait to leave and end summer with a bang cuz its not gonna happen here
Can u imagine Joey chestnut eating out his girlfriend.......
im so happy to be done with exams hallelujah
'say \"beer can\" with a british accent. I just taught you how to say \"bacon\" with a Jamaican accent.'
you're more confusing then a fucking maze goddamn
Data signal has been incredibly bad here today.
I LITERALLY CANT BREATHE IM CRYING SO MUCH JACOB LOOK WHAT YOU DID
feel like im in to deep
When my mom sees an old rv, she says \"COOKING METH\" &amp; when she sees a newer rv, she's like \"they're probably hiding weed\" OKAY
How can you sit there and read that and not reply.....
LeBron the only one putting the effort in til the end
Summer is good becuase I don't have to worry about charging my phone when I go to sleep
Take all of me, I just wanna be the girl you like
Dean Ambrose is fuckin awesome!! This feud with him and Rollins is gonna be awesome cause both guys are money!!
Branko is hyped rn lmaoo
Dear wireless router, you should go sleep in another room tonight because you're pissing me off and no I don't wanna taco bout it
Jacob will never tweet me oh
OMG can you ever just get through a god damn inning without bullshit
\": I'd rather lay in my bed all day at this point\"
Would I sound stupid if I said my legs do look a little darker? Haha
Lol @ Jif's new hazelnut chocolate spread aka a Nutella knockoff
And I always end up back on netflix
This girl at my job flirts with everyone. She thinks I'm stupid lmao I know she's a hoe lol
Who wants to jump Erika with me
Sometimes all I want to do is lay outside, admire the stars and talk about life
Word got around quickly about being my new musical to go to lol. Can't wait to see it again!!!
Spending my Monday night rocking out to Taylor Swift in the Urbane Parkin lot!
I'm not gunna be able to watch the game tomorrow. US will win by 1 goal
I keep searching for a sign. Maybe the lack of one is a sign in itself. Wing it. Fly.
Can't even gain a game on the .... Shit
I am now in New York, New York.
im just going to start snapchating people videos of me singing guns n roses songs
Well 4th alone at my house could be bad
Let's fucking go tho!! Clint Dempsey!!\n
Feels good to be able to wake up at a decent time and not have to go play lacrosse
Just as free, free as we'll ever be
Fuck i have to read looking for Alaska
The will now carry 6 outfielders and only 5 infielders! Who makes these crazy moves? The 3 Stooges? Bozo? Mettle the Mule?
And make them smile today and everyday
The Are done. They held out as long as they could but they're headed for 90 losses.
6 hour car ride to school with Guy
Came out game 1 with a W!!
I didn't even see you lol
if anyone at mb wants to toss me some hours this week I would be forever grateful
Fred moves a lot and scrunched his face when he sleeps
You can't get mad if someone tries to snake you if you're always trying to do others foul smh
FTW. Shouts to and my main girl !!!
I really need to get a 4th of July outfit
New female JetBlue uniforms on point.
Sub tweet sub tweet sub tweet
Anything that has \"Vega\" in it would be scary to fight
And on that note,Happy Independence Day. So glad our forefathers fought vigilantly for my right to be shot by strangers in public arenas.
I dont think ive ever heard my mom yell my full name at me.
if you dont want puppies, give them the fuck away for free or bring them to kennel.. dont fucking throw helpless newborn pitbulls ina river
No but seriously someone come get Ritas today &amp; visit me and I'll love you forever.
I feel like I never sleep anymore
I really hope I do enough for you
Vickie vs Stephanie - Vickie, you better kick her ass!
Soo uhhhh... Who won?
They should do a behind the music about whatever guy did the \"hey\" vocal sample that's in every DJ Mustard beat
NO ONE TOUCH ME OR TALK TO ME OR I WILL PUNCH YOU CAUSE JACOB GOT ME HAVING MIXED FUCKING EMOtionS
Mike Golic, former Philadelphia Eagles nosetackle and current TV sports host, wearing a USMNT jersey on ESPN this AM.
The voice mail I just got. Oh god. I got him feeling some type of way.
Yeah, I'm listening to Ashley Tisdale because #####
CLINT MOTHER FUCKING DEMPSEY YESSSSS 2-1
\"School's not out yet, you gotta learn to make that shit by next week.\" -Elmo Emerson.
I think I'm the only one in my family that likes watching nascar
Besler should stay out. I'd rather a healthy backup than an injured starter.
Watching coming to America till I pass out
It aint nothin to cut that bitch offf
Yo fuck Kate Argent. Didn't she die like 11 times. Go away.
estudiar. despejarme 5 minutos y volver a estudiar
I just can't get away from a good time!
A priest just asked me if this is my natural hair... Not sure what to make of that
\"Loading, please wait\" is one of the worst phrases anyone can read
it's actually sad how someone can go from your first priority to not even in your life anymore in less than a month
I'm sad that I'm barely eating dinner. But I'm eating fish and veggies so it's okay.
So basically stole the show last night
had a 2 hour epic meal time binge &amp; now getting teary reminiscing through my camera roll\n\nWho am I? \n\nI better start period or somethin
Wearing two different socks is the way to go.
get high to even out the lows
Can Ronaldo pull a Messi?
Razah - Where do we go from here
My eyeliner smudged everywhere i look like shittt
The other night I treated these sluts for dinner and Mabel was talking about me fighting everybody at her party
If anyone is tryna ride out and go party hoppin', hit me up like now.
Tu manges tu grossis jamAis la cest toi tu connais couchage de sauce
I'm sorry dammit lol! The feels come out every now and then
I suggest all of you go check who you're following cause odds are you're following a ton of Mexican soccer players.
is a completely different world and I love it
God I need a life
The Chocolate Blast movement
This is my final weekend before flying to el Salvador in 3 days, and I'm now have 2 airlines are Taca at JFK, and Avianca at Newark.
the best things in life aren't things
We're so lucky living here in west islip and everyone takes it for granted
Forgot all my shit for the gym. Sittin outside waiting for these fools. Damn mayne
work upsets me even when I'm not there
drank vietnamese coffee and my hands are like NOPE NEVER GOING TO BE STEADY AGAIN
how is it possible to miss someone this much? to feel so empty without them?
Just by looking at you pisses me off.
Never going to allow myself to get so fucking feeble I end up doing the regrettable.
Wanna go see these sales tho
I am back to reading my box set Curves Fir Him 10 Delicious tales after straying to read The Road to Price &amp; Forgiveness
God..it is so busy in NY!!!!
lmfao the white ppl interview was pretty funny lmfao
I very highly doubt Looking For Alaska will make a good movie.
How is really performing \"All the Things Your Man Won't Do\" sitting on his body guards shoulders
chicken taste so good make you wanna slap yo momma
I get the point that I should leave you alone but we both know that I'm not that strong.. And I miss the lips that made me fly.
So I guess happy Fourth of July everyone. The weather is pretty bleh here. No sun. Overcast and it looks like it wants to downpour again :))
What can i do too get your follow
One day it's all going to be easier
I mean I kinda wanna go to moonrise...and I'm in the mood to let nothing get in my way.
I mean we both live in hayward but like on opposite sides and gas isn't cheap so like how do I go about this without being rude???
that is how you fucking do it
I'm so done with my parents having iPhones
Inspired by Stonewall Vets at the Rally. Thanks to those who've come before allowing me to be here with those I love.
Y does Butt feel like it's getting bigger. N bigger by the minute.
Being sick just puts me in a shitty mood all day.
there's a first time for everything
Ralph Blair understands true art
78 miles of windy roads is not my thing.
Silent standoff with the across from my gate at JFK growing progressively more futile with every announced delay.
It'd be nice though, wouldn't it.
Gardy goes yardy!
Make me brownies and you can have my soul
Idk why I have to be so hungover on July 4th
6 Amsterdam ct colts neck nj
Thanks to the World Cup, I now believe the NFL should allow a man to stand between the uprights and defend field goals
I'm going on a self funded american food tour. I will not start until I'm hungry.
What to make my ass to eat
Someone bring me to get ice cream!! PLEASE?!?
Someday sim just tired if being a normal person
Wrestling is all about touching each other's dicks
Darcy starts things she can't win
If females act crazy towards psycho people as they do a lying boyfriend things would be better after all lol
Uber for peeling the stickers off of fruit.
No you don't lol \": I need to find some mischief to get into\"
Please, rip my heart out and infuriate me. I wouldn't miss that for the world.
hahhahahahahahha ha hahah ha ha ha @ mylife
For all the shit I do for people, it'd be nice to get some respect back.
The flopping in soccer drives me crazy just like it does in basketball, I know it's part of the game but god damn
My question is why every insult after a bad game goes to Mexicans like.... do you know your cultures or nahh?
Straight wasted my time on doing shit like that for you.
wow that Giants game was crap smh
Lmfao let me not make this lil nigga feel salty
I feel like is Mexico the world would end or something. Either that or the entire world would run out of Corona.
Tom &amp; Jerry. I will never be too old for this.
i want mac and cheese for breakfast but brittany's being a bitch
Sorry I've been absent, I'm too busy having a time at
This nigga kanye a genius he talk about apple so much and now drakes trynna save blackberry
Like why do bad things happen to me
If we play under the lights Friday I'm screwed cause I can't see in the dark
i will never engage in an argument with an anon. its like gettin mad at a non living thing
31 10 and 5?
Amazing conversation with today about poetry, his book and other scattered life topics. Thanks!
Becoming antisocial. Not good. At all.
My biggest pet peeve is when people are constantly on there phones while your hanging out
Cannot stand my 9 year old neighbor holy fuck
I just really love and tbh
Of course I want to protect my family but some things I just can't control.
You are the bestest, I will obey you.
Beauty of the moment = a dbl espresso and a homemade chocolate Chip cookie....and I fixed my bike !
My dad want me to wash his truck bruh
I never feel good enough. Not even for myself.
\": free ice cream dt today.\" Smh Yan and I was just there.
My gma literally thinks I'm a dirty ass kid bro wtf
Girl you know we got things to do
Let me know if you want me to find old tweets of you
Hey we both like the same things! Let's just get married
Oh my god, this class is going to kill mee
Breaking: the world's quietest fist fight was held today at a librarians' convention.
What is fucking good tonightj
unexpected plans be the best plans ....
I'm gonna let my mom cook she deserves to live her life I'm outta here and moving in a couple of weeks
She bad I aint pullin out
Wish I could lay on my right side
No more Blunt Ave
So since today is crappy and we can't go to the beach who wants to go see 22 jump street?
So tell me what it's like to be okay.
So after like 7 years of trying to convince my mom, she finally caved in.
Ppl think it's odd that my entire fam lives on my street but you don't know what it's like to be able to walk home from a fam party &amp; ptfo
Stressful game going into penalty kicks. Cheering for half my heritage! Let's go Greece!
I could be wrong but I really do see myself &amp; my mini me's moving to a cheaper cost of living place
And I mustn't forget to acknowledge , a dope programmer I was lucky enough to meet last Summer . What a blessing you are!
Hahahahaha I missed TWO MINUTES ARE YOU SHITTING ME CHILL DEUCE
\"You're so pretty for a black girl\" lol what?
Him probably can't handle the bitches and him see that ur not one so him attached to you ....
nothing like the rush of a foul ball flying towards your face
The day I'm suppose to go to the beach. Smh
I'm just praying for better days! Just trying to build a positive for foundation with the ones I could always count on
I should be doing homework, but.......
Joe bidden is there to watch the Game
But tbh, i don't really think I do.
someone bring me soup or something pls
Watching Busted! Animal Smugglers. This show is hilarious. Who puts baby monkeys down their crotch? Smuggling turtles..LOL! I can't..
I be ready to fight lol no sneak diss but I remember I was finna T up on boa out in p burg he ain't really want no smoke boa apologized lml
Can't breathe through my nose now
Soccer makes me want to take a nap though
Vi a melhor treta causada pelo na internet
I wish the scars on my face were freckles. That would be more beautiful than the painful truth that they really are
it's 5 am n I'm awake lol this is poop
me n em are pee sisters
Just tapped Single, La Roja, Pinedrops, &amp; Avant Garde
Wade's hella boo boo
welp that put me in a pissy mood wtf is wrong with me
Love y'all tho do ya thang
Mariners passed on Lincecum in the draft when they just had to cross town to scout him. Now Seattle getting hella happy after his 2nd no-no.
I have a lot of mixed emotions about college actually. It's so much money. But FREEDOM.
Did you know that your feet are connected to your hands??...
I love Saaeed he's so fucking chill
My mom is blasting AC\/DC in the car with all the windows down
Dempsey getting kicked in the face... If he was European he'd be dead...
Silence of the lambs is one messed up movie
This is such a fantastic airplane it's just not to be believed. We I know I'm going to get about ten or more hours of sleep.
Old women who pay with quarters to get on the bus.
Wade just cannot find any rythm!
I be taking welfies ballin in my pictures
$ niallgonewild $ ur header is super duper cute
30 sec goallll
Can't call Kawhi the best on his team off one series. We were so quick to elevate PG and he proved playing great throughout a season is hard
Gonna eat a salad and some sorbet and then go to Equinox later.
i honestly dont know how ppl can deal w my moody ass all day long
I'll be shamelessly tweeting away BET Awards commentary. You have been warned.
im fucked up,and my life disheveled
If USA win, I'll possibly throw up
Who wants to go to Niagara Falls with Corinne and I tonight lol?
My mom just said the words \"true true that's true\"
Can't wait to see my guy
Downside of summer in NY is the ugly feet you see all around. I couldn't even begin to describe some of the horrors-in-sandals I've beheld.
My brother just spilt goldfish all over the hotel room
hell nah they got great whites in jersey now pack your bags we're goin to kentucky
so their finally breaking up and cameron damn
LMFAO I just went thru my half brothers phone and this nigga got girls calling him \"papi\" and he only in 6th grade
Wow. Holy shit
Bitter sweet is the perfect way to explain my mood
\": No pain, no gain! \"
Todas embobadas con Lavezzi , pero ojo si estamos nosotros asi por algun que otro cuerpo de alguna somos unos pajeros ...
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO SAY
Wow.... What just happened in my house rn
Must be them Hawaiian guys haha
Do I REALLY need to give voice commands to my thermostat? Or unlock the doors remotely? How much will I pay for those minimal conveniences?
Joseline is really letting Stevie rub up on all these young ladies...
Jones pressed X. He pressed it good.
Mom wanted a high five for a 5 cent raise, turned her down, that's nothing to be proud of
And I can't go on without you
House blessing party at 's tonight we out
I know some people that are so poppin on the scene but super lameeee personally. Iron sharpens iron. And you gotta keep a balance.
IM IN EVERY FUCKING CITY TOUCHING EVERY FUXKING TITTY.
\": open up a window put a towel under the door\" the trick is use a sheet to cover the gaps all around the door
Bueno tengo un mes para olvidarme de ti..
What a fucking star!
Why am I awake, studying, and stressed??? It's summer aka I should be drunk, relaxed, and carefree
It's ! In for the day? Come on by for a free, rapid from 5-7:30. Our mobile unit is right outside 4127 18th st.
We go to dyckman just for the bitches tbh lmao fuck basketball lmao
Died so hard at Francesca's tweet
Stef is one of my favs by far
She was supposed to be my bird dog but mama fell so much in love with our Lucy. Now Daddy has to get a new dog.lol
Joe Drabin, Youngstown Phantom... Hard work does pay off!!
Totally bullshitting this bio final tomorrow
You think you know me but you really don't.
I tried playing soccer when I was younger and within 5 minutes said I sprained my ankle
My grandma be talking hella shit lol
Ranked 44 in the company for Mario Kart, which is shocking considering my hydration choices during games.
I offically declare Vine Season, OPEN!!!!!
I wannabe messi
Workman is scared of my boy Brett
This offseason is gunna be CRAZY
I had a dream that it snowed and I'm like 'wtf no it's summer don't do this'
You lied to me all this time... How can some one lie like that...
Anyone know of a 2 bedroom appt for rent?
Why do I eat so much... somebody stop me
I mean c'mon, he's wearing glasses. Haha
You found your sound because you can't play any better ...
WOW. Costa Rica Just Gotta Make one Here And It's Over.
Back in the hood and bored alright ugh
You're such a little b. Stand up for what you want nigga.
That Really pissed me off. That shit hurt!!
I had a nightmare that my fake ID didn't work lmao
Still need to get rid of these fucking subwoofers....
I may be a jerk, but bae is a stupid fucking word. If it really can be considered one.
I'd like to turn into a just to avoid aging and\/or wrinkling. I'll be a vegan vamp however, 'cause ya'll don't taste good.
Fireworks in North Beach. Did some soccer thing just happen?
So bad at making up nick names
\"I always have a mattress packed\" -grandma judy
Kermit is literally all over every goddamn newsfeed of every social network I have
\": Can't wait to graduate\"Class Of 2015 ?
I think you and should do a song together
Lolz would be awk if someone knew them and told them. Oops
i was trying to find a politically correct way to tell my grandma that buying a visor will turn her asian
\"What? They're spanx all right?. I haven`t been to the gym a lot lately and they keep me tight\"
I may not be able to change the past.. But I can make my present better and my future awesome,,,,,,,,
Using my stomach as a table for my bowl of salsa and chips
Im a bitch and I really don't give a fuck :-)
