We added guy to the conversation and I'm balling
I need to go for a run.
Hahahahaj que chimosaaa
thwy really not getting it. So i'm gonna need them to hang it the fuck on upppp.
Back from an awesome weekend in the Adirondacks with awesome people. Wouldn't have wanted to spend my birthday anywhere else!
I love the rain but I also hate it since I can't go golfing
\"Cheers, Goldie\" idk why I love that he said it like that
My nose is bleeding -.-\nWhat a shitty way to end a shitty night
My Monday column has been sent it. SPOILER ALERT: Progressives lose.
This is how it's done in NY! thank you! And hello!
Rudy Gay has officially exercised the final year of his contract w\/ the and will stay in . He'll make $19.3M next season.
Why cant bud just be free
Why is your mouth over here and your nose over there?
Let's GO! One Nation, One Team!!!
We in did bitch!!!!!!!
NRPD get call about child in roadway by Shoprite pd have child and searching area for care giver.
im about to invite all my friends over just so we can wear my pretty shalwar kameez and take a photo opp plus tea cuz tea is the key
Video of the year
Let's fuckinggg goooooooooo
Why is it that something bad be happening to Chris brown in his dancing movies
Great race \"weekend\" We binged on racing. Thank you for a great event. See you next year.
I'm in so much pain. Someone kill me.
My heart is saying \" Don't let go\"
I'm actually glad I dyed my hair again.
I'm very happy I found you
\"Look, a guy yesterday died after being attacked by a gang of 6 common house cats...shit is real in the streets u don't even know\"
What is this? I can't even process all this
At Yankee Stadium. Life is pretty good right now.
The airport is so eerie at night.
beeeen waiting 45 mins now for our check at half apps....
I just want hot Cheetos &amp; a slurpee and to be sitting on da beach
Sub or nahh ??
Today on Maury Zeus you are the father. Quake. Then he just flies away.
good memories can save your life
\": It might take a year, it might take a day.. But whatever is meant to be will always find its way.\"
From what I remember from last night my green Jell-O shots sucked and my dress had a huge hole in it on my butt
This could be us but you're a lesbian.
LOST MY GUCCI GLASSES
Her name is kitty boo boo in reference to honey boo boo.
That's it. That's a more-or-less comprehensive summary of all I do.
I want to do something thrilling
Officially starting my internship and couldn't be any more excited!
The little things make me happy in life
can't believe actually drove down to see me today!!! see you sooooon :D
HOLY FUCKING SUNSHINE BERRIES BLOODY FACE IS THE FUCKING PSYCHIATRIST
Come on US don't do anything stupid
I'm so blessed to have such amazing parents.. I love them more than anything in the world
Payback is a bitch Seth Rollins!
Id do anything for that boy
Felt good for about 4hrs. Now it's back.....gawd damn.
My nephew has been sleeping for like 14 hours. He's definitely related to me.
\": People always suddenly miss you more once they see how much happier you are without them.\"
Thanks for the retweet much appreciated and spread the word to any Hampton \/ new yorky friends!
Seriously, stop bitching about the album and STOP bitching about Bill...he's a grown man who deserves to enjoy his life and he can take
Cold beer and a Yankee game
Since no one is texting me I'm just gonna go watch The Great Gatsby. Again because last nights viewing was interrupted
Ya know I'm not starting the summer off right if she doesn't kick me out.
Nobli Saying Fuck Yall Squad lmaooo
I done heard the song to Frozen in so many different languages
My TV must think I hate it.
Trying to get my money up move out there
The fact that people can make coffee without first drinking coffee amazes me.
Tallon dangled that 1st pick and promoted Ekblad as a sure fire stud, but now that he's stuck with the pick, I think he's going w\/ Reinhart!
I know Ronaldo got a knee injury but wtf was that
People were saying that Mexico was gonna get raped and all that but we dominated more than 80+ min and we made the first goal
I love how Jacob's repping a cam shirt
My rack is out of this world rn. LOLLL
My mom made tacos today in honor of Mexico's win today.
Pharrell shocked he won tfffff .
cigars on the back deck
JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN SE QUE VERAS ESTO PERO LO IGNORARAS!
The only reason I would ever go back to high school is to get your skank ass away from my sister
Cooperstown is so nice
Never putting a tent together again fuck that
How bad could you fuck up at work for your coworkers to hate you?
GUYS IS IT TRUE THAT ADAMS INSTAGRAM IS FAKE
joseline , you gonna really lie to these ppl like that
AND CROWN THY GOOD WITH BROTHERHOOD FROM SEA TO SHINING SEAAAAAAA
Had minor freakout due to a lack of blue iMessage bubbles when texting a friend, only to realize I'm texting my only friend with an android.
actually feel like death
Dibulan puasa.. Godaan mantan lebih serem daripada godaan makanan dan minuman.
Surprise suprise you learn something new everyday
I can't help but think that you're talking about Nikki Minaj on the BET Awards last night.
You know something's wrong when I call my father crying begging him to come home
But when I was a kid I fucking loved them
I think tomorrow I'm gonna delete my twitter
he deserves it im so proud!!!
de Europa solo falta Alemania :3
We won are baseball game 11-4 I was 1-3 with single and 2RBI and 2 fly outs and a walk we are 5-5 on the season 500 baby
20 minutes into the fault in our stars and I'm already in love with it and in love with augustus waters
Little too far there Bedoya...one more touch
Thirty seconds in and 1-0 already!!
Ok So I just realized that I love so much love em so much
This lady gave me a high five and told me good game. Tf?
maybe if you didn't talk so much shit about my family i wouldn't hate you
The summer won't be anything special unless I'm sharing a few brews with good people around a campfire
That's the way to score your first goal
Negative emotions are the greatest single obstacles to success. They hold intelligent people back more than anything else.
When you call me baby, I know I'm not the only one
why worry about the people who don't give two fucks about you?
I will cut you.. with a spoon!
I AM DYING (again)
my body wants to sleep but my mind doesnt , lets see who wins
Like just barely made my car payment
\": facts I miss u scrap, u be ghost lol\" I know it! Im working and doing stuff 20 hrs a day everyday -___-
Get me Nutella and white and red roses and I'll marry u
So hear the island going crazy
\": Gay son RT \": 2. Flamboyant gay son or thot daughter\"\" oj...
This girl doesn't believe in sleep to many dudes hittin up ur phone?
Gossiping about the stuff happening in my home town is so funny
My entire Instagram popular page is made up of hillsong folks...STORY OF MY LIFE!
Estar stalkeando a alguien y que derrepente diga refresca la pagina y vuelva mas tarde.
Como esta el calderon mi muy excito foro youo to playo foro theo nueva knickos cant find him so ill just tag this guy
Gotta keep my head straight and remember what my goals were to start with
6 + 3 = 9 ,so does 5 + 4 The way u do things is nt always d only way to do thm .Respect other pple's way of thinking
Just got to shake the hand of my personal hero . Today was a good day.
Shut the fuck up nobody wants to hear your sob story, go to a fucking doctor or something.
Diabeats the kind of beats you put on your feet before they get chopped off lmao Chris Rock odee killin it
Every time I get carded this year, I'm going to ask \"Do you really think I was born in 1994?\"
Happy 4th of July! Take time to give thanks to those who sacrificed to make this country great and to those who continue protect it. USA!
I hate when guys hang out at cherry valley but don't order anything
How do u get arrested at EDC
Not cute, but hey that's how it goes sometimes right?
Marched in the NYC gay pride parade and now I'm home in air conditioning lying on my bed. Proud but pooped.
Someone tell this guy he's not in 2fw
\"Lord knows I wish I was 33.\" Some riveting commentary by McEnroe so far today. PUT ON LIVE TENNIS.
*falls back so much ends up in hell*
Need to finish my rib tattoo and I'm dreading it
Biggest flop I hope he gets find for that shit
This is making me feel some type of way right now and I can't even anymore
I'm only 5'3\". My Afro puff makes me 5'7\". My Afro puff + heels makes me Lebron James.
This Costa Rica Vs Greece game is real good
It's officially morning and I've been laying here all night unable to fall asleep for the life of me. Sigh.
Bosh is useless
Get some sleep bro \"Zzz RT \": Sorry 2 hear that \"Never had a Haitian woman, doubt I ever will.\"
Swipe my card then i do the nae nae ((whats a nae nae)))))))
Ronaldo so great right ? He is only human
took a 2 hour nap &amp; woke up sick..
Yesterday night was lit!!! My man Junie was turnt last night lmfao me and him walked home didn't get home till like 2:45ish
When Alexander the Great is Alexander the Great he's Hannibal of Carthage
\"Katy take a video of me twerking so I can snapchat it to my frat friends\"
I'm sorry for my last snap. If you feel me you know where all that comes from...
Guys I'm so excited for nyc fc like ima go to mad games
I refuse to get upset over problems I can't control.
Can I lick it, can I stick it, can I touch it, can I grab it? Baby tell me can I have it?
Too much walking today
This is fucked-up, I truly want Kofi Kingston to win the damn match over Swagger, Bullshit : (\n
I definitely win the \"best telephone conversation holder with a grandparent\" contest in my family
I just simped to oomf lol tf
if the police come you gon find out who yo friends now.
Hey awesome guys! So we get tonight?
If you act foul you get 2 shots, And 1
It's not lou-is anymore. It's gonna be Low-Ice
I feel like I've been wasting my summer which is exactly what I said I wouldn't do.
Don't get too hype
Pada akhirnya kita akan mengalami yang namanya melupakan dan di lupakan :')
Get a goodnight's sleep for work tomorrow or watch Dark Night Rises till 12:30
Chris and Karrueche are so cute together
What a difference a little positivity and a little progress makes
Lmaoo tried to act like you didn't see me
Watching television , wydd !?
so glad I don't have to deal with idiots anymore
40th curly W in the books. Nats bullpen: 9 batters, 9 strikeouts. WE ARE THE REAL DEAL 1st place
Also just a side note, I'm not finding the jokes about 80 kids at the hospital funny tonight.It's really quite sad.That's 160 scared parents
That was incredible.
\"I miss you. I wish you were here to tell me that I could've done a better job to protect myself.\"
honestly this male-female-male best friend trifecta was one of the best things that has come together in my life...i love brad n Jenna
Can't get hitbox viewer to work :\/
Thought you were making more s'mores till you put the clamps in the marshmallows
How many Palestinians will Israel kill to avenge the death of 3? 30? 300? What's the usual ratio?
I really want Timmy to No Hit the before the end of his career and redeem himself against Goldschmit
Wow a squeaker GOAL!
\"I'm not late for anything I do. I'm only late for parties because it's rude to show up on time.\"
The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind. If it is trained well, it can create enormous wealth.
BIRTHDAY BOYS has me one sketch in
If you want to see me with a retainer snapchat me - alana-stockwell
Figuring out your 'created' future rather than waiting for your 'default' future is the thought du jour.
tiny is only 4'11??? damn. lol
WHAT ARE U DOING
Lmaoo \"I met you on vine \"
quote of the day: \"I'm so fucking mad\"
Because I decided that because it was the last night of my life I would smoke a cigarette. That's why.
\": Wish I had my own place with a pool already.\"
Don't think about it too much
Fuck it.....I'm getting ice cream tonight
The tighter the hug, the better it feels.
Those people upstairs from the hotel kept making some much noise
Took dad in person to see the game today. What is he doing rn? Watching his recording of the game.
If you have a girlfriend , why do you feel the need to be liking other girls pictures ?
Mom is trying to make me do stuff today.\nMe: \"Leave me alone to die.\"
\"Forget waiting on shooting stars I'll start wishing on passing cars just waiting for superman\" - Daughtry
Sis just said she would pay for a plane ticket for me and trev to Miami to stay with her if I bring her to the airport. Ok
Its over !!
It's gonna be one of those idgaf summers
LMFAO. Wow that was awful from Cristi... dude needs the Real shirt back on.
I've gotten rly\nInto asking permission\nBefore acting\nIt's additional work\nAnd requires more\nCourage\nBut ultimately\nEases things up
One step closer to a real Yonkers housewife
Let's be honest the only sporting event that matters today is the hot dog eating championship fuck baseball
Only first persons youngin I could relate to math
I have 3,000 tweets wtf last time I remember I had 1,000
steezy and I just fight in this group chat
1 for the money and 2 for the show
Just applied for an academic advisor position at CCA, and a social media coordinator position with FAMSF
Unless you can actually back up what you say*****
I don't understand how expensive red wine and climbing up to the top of the sand dunes at Pescadero Beach at midnight does not sound fun.
Though apparently anyone who needs a gun to buy home goods is both and
Okay i guess i gotta ask the obvious question..\n\nWhy tf is Paris Hilton at the BET awards?
sister in law: no, I get ambushed by the holy spirit! duh!\nlol she's a Jesus freak
If Gianna doesn't stop talking in her sleep I am going to go into her room and smother her with her pillow
Just almost got hit by an ambulance... Slow day at work, guys?
Pandora thinks I can afford a Maserati
That was nastyyyy
I'm drunk watching these bet awards lol
I FEEL IT IN MY BONES
YOU OBVIOUSLY FUCKING SEE MY TWEETS FUCKING TEXT ME QUICK ITLL TAKE TWO FUCKING SECONDS HOLY FUCKING SHIT
\"Imma take you Katie Holmes, but then I gotta Tom Cruise..\"
I love the sad face when hipsters can't find the correct kind of recycling
I love intelligent girls so much
Nikolaj Ehlers gets picked next. Calling it
Am I the only one that thinks France will beat Germany ?
The quiet ones are the kinkiest
Some roast beef, a chicken, a pizza
I wonder if am someones oomf!?
Member when BlackBerry been dey in all dog and cat had 1 they parents didn't buy it though hmmm
Y'all some tillys wearing ass niggas
Once 5ali radwen flipped over this machine
put my dick in ur mouth u don't have to suck it, it's just a metaphor
Working at 3am isn't bad if I had just a lil more sleep. Getting out at 1130 is crucial during the summer ... Then again I do OT daily
Giong to the beach with
\"But still i ball like theres no tomorrow, goodnight its over with thats all she wrote\"
that was dirty
lol if youre one of those people that ridicule incarcerated individuals w\/o evening knowing the story, suck a dick
No se porque quiero pelear, hace 8 meeses no peleo
Dominic Artis kicked out of Oregon with being charged with rape...crazy man
I only want what's best for you
Listening to old songs in the car with my dad is the best
let me rephrase that, white boys tht r baseball players with cute butts r everything
Ball don't lie. Congrats Costa Rica
I'm probably the only person who would use a heater instead of a fan in late June.
Yes. We did it
Rembr I mind fucker a spray fo girls like her
I love my friends and all but I get annoyed very easily
My arm made it on the Instagram
It's a joke that people actually consider Chipotle Mexican food.
Days like today, im glad we got wild water passes for Christmas (:
Tired and didn't study yet good one ada
First day of nannying, may the odds be ever in my favor
You shit talk a girl and date her a week later? Yah ok
Spoil him with consistency.
You'd be better off without me
LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS BECOMING A MOVIE GOD IS GOOD
Waking up with someone by your side &gt;&gt;&gt;
The thing is, sometimes we see who rly rules some shit
Sometimes I want to fall in love and really care about someone deeply, but other times I just want to kiss their face ajd never see em again
Sooooo...my internet sucks,my rooms hot,and i cant fall asleep
Go Messi Go !
Estoy como los cueros ... Con los cuartos en la mano 8*
Guys are soo moody get off your period
Male creatures are terrible.
Christian will you be my pimp
I hear they catch you in your sleep, so I'm never sleeping.
Yeah you always make me go
but the apple still taste disgusting
LEGIT TWO FOCKS AND TWO PLATES.
Never sit at a table full of people with babies. Honestly, one of the most painful experiences of my life.
Jozy you had options..
That moment when you see a P Diddy look alike in subway
Chef room mate perks: there is a huge bowl of leftover chocolate mousse in my fridge.
OMG the subways sportsman of the year so important wow
Sometimes I wana throw shit. And then I do.
Aggravated as all fuck.
Eating these hot pockets &amp; knocking out too tired lol
USA USA USA USA 1-0
Lets go USA 1-0 dempsey quickest goal so far in the world cup!!!!!
I woke up at 3 and can't fall back asleep. I'm beyond aggravated.
I appreciate the people who keep it real. Mind games aren't my thing...
27 I miss you so much and your obsession with Mountain Dew and Subway's sprite
is that my 64 impala ?
Settle down Jozy
\"April what kind of girl has a duck call....IN HER PURSE\"
So don't wanna take two stats tests this week
Sometimes I forget that other people's problems are not my own .
bench Mario Chalmers. He is 5-18 with 14 points in entire finals
That just got me all in my feelings and shit...
WAIT WAIT YOU CANT IM STUDYING AND IM GONNA MISS IT
When ur bf\/gf delete their social networks &amp; you start acting single ?
I hate being sick so much
Narron told my whole family that I got Giovanni tattooed on my ass and now everyone's trying to strip me... Like wtf these people are crazy
Lo unico malo de q ganara chile es que la proxima vez que haya peru - chile, no podremos decir nada
You don't know how to drive.
My lover shot me down
Can't wait to buy my car tomorrow
Now I'm actually crying. I can't miss vidcon. I've been planning this for 8 months.
Lol did anyone see the usa fan dressed in head to toe in football gear
Sometimes I Leave My Wife &amp; Spend the Night with My Dike..
This shit is confusing lmfao I'm assuming everyone is about me
Tss people annoying cant have shit cause people wanna ruin shit
Head change. I hate those
Honestly curious how the f you sleep at night..
Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they'll wait for you forever, pay attention to then and they always love you back.
I don't even get upset anymore, I'm used to disappointments.
And I mean I was sooo wrong
He said king Kong that came out of Marti gras
Why are no nail places open except the mall
These dudes are legit gunning for the USA players
my icon explains my reaction to every ally, dinah, normani, camila, lauren &amp; demi selfie that is ever posted on social media :)
I need to go to the gym tomorrow
Watching Ben Affleck die in Pearl Harbor is heart wrenching
Very important meeting in the morning, new sponsor for my next two years. Stay tuned!
See I promised that I'd never change
Forgiving someone doesn't necessarily mean you forgave them , you just forgave them so you can move on with your life
is dub step music in movie form. My mind has been melted.
I want to see the Maldives before I die
The podcast with and Edge is one of the best podcasts out there. Can't wait for part two on Friday.
\": A relationship is worth fighting for, but not if you're the only one fighting\"
I need a friend who can make bomb ass nachos. Im obsessed.
Fuck Ghana go USA
Just hold me again.fuck the fact that we hate each other
Pictures do not determine how strong your relationship is.
once you've done too much for someone it becomes easier to understand that when things don't work out to let them be..
My favorite Game of Thrones character just died and somehow it's 3:20 AM. Too shocked to sleep right now.
I want Takis. Ugh. They're so far away lol
Hey Blink-182 fans, you may want to guy to Warped Tour in San Diego this Wednesday. You may be in for a treat.
For people who don't really watch soccer only when a major sporting event please watch Espn World Cup encore they explain things on why
I can't just suck y'all niggas dicks or something ?
I got a lot to say but that's the last thing and nigga wanna hear right
There is nothing better than driving home while blasting\/ singing along to
I wanna do acid and stand outside during a lightning storm and scream to the lightning gods
gets it done
Fuck sprint fr. Never have signal in places I have to be at
MCM me so I know it's real!
Ahhh Portugal fool!!!
Hahaha mentira, yo no deje ninguna materia :)
All I care about today is the quarterfinals for
Everyone in this airport is cheering
HAHA THE WAR OF POUTINE-
my roommate said he's creepy irl lmaooo.
Can I be Jennifer Aniston? No? Ok?
Shout out to my new follower she cool but i have never met this person a day in my life
Don't worry, US is going to lose.
I do nothing but post pictures of my photogenic animals. My sick fuckin lifee
Don't worry your life could be worse aka The chair I was sitting on broke
Uhm so someone just snap chatted me and goes \"question\" I said what they said \"r u interested in a 3 way\" like fuck I look like no
My life went from amazing to fucking terrible
I'm wearing this all black Helmut Lang maxi dress. \n\nI may or may not have a heat stroke today.
I don't think I'm going to answer my group chat because they are all peasants
Trynna hit the high notes like Ariana hah
My pops got drunk at the airport and missed his flight lol
New season of Teen Wolf = bonding with Greg
glowing dicks scare me! dead for the twinks
We should have slept in Gabbys room again
Me and my mom just stayed in the car to have a dance party to Enrique
You couldn't pay me to see the new movie.
THIRTY-FIVE SECONDS INTO THE GAME WHAT EVEN
I think I won the fight between Sarah and Alexa
Walllllllllllahi if Nila don't stop doin that shit with her eyes, they gon stay like that forever
She got a beautiful mind, you can't buy that
5 hours in the car, just to the airport and back. Smh NYC traffic
Someone somewhere is writing a lead role for Karen Olivo in a musical, right?
JONES I LOVE YOU!
Can't stand a girl who talks shit about someone and can't OWN it once confronted.
I hate when I forget stuff I wanted to tweet
In the cab now to car! Mission accomplished! Slept on floor at Lax now I need to go home to disinfect!
*Takes embarrassing picture of coral* \" I SWEAR TO GOD I WILL DRAG YOUR WORTHLESS BODY OUT TO THE POOL AND DROWN YOU\"
i bought donut yesterday and i misplaced them
Especially when i'm trying to sleep and this nigga is mad fucking close to me
This rain is blowing mines...chill day wit my twin
I was ready to get crazy with a Nigga last night
Erica just sent the turnip team the greatest text ever
just woke up very stressed and anxious from my dream why
i fucked up that last tweet but people make mistakes. forgive. forget. move on.
Gosh I miss you so much
She want me to lay the pipe tho, well alright tho
I am calling it a night y'all. Tweet with y'all again tomorrow. Night &amp; wet dreams!
Stevie J came alone !? Surprised he not with one of his baby mothers
brooooooooooo..... six flags lmao not for me im terrified of heights coming off these shits shaking b
Not a exactly \"into\" the World Cup but 100 percent into World Cup mix
CNN just reported more US troops to Iraq, now 800, not 300
Just had a minor heart attack, I roll over to check babygirls monitor, and her wombie is all the way against the bumper upside down.
I need some advil and my bed please
If USA wins I'll lose my virginity
Wtf is on a art final
*jessy dying of laughter on the street*
Beat Splatterhouse on my Famicom. Disappointed it never came to the US. It would have done well.
Tess and Chelsea are gonna regret leaving us :\/
weeks later and I still can't find a way to drag brooke to see tfios w me
Ew why does the city smell like garlic today about to be sick on the way to physics
I can't wait to upload the pictures and videos from EDC.
Someone come slide into my DMs
Holy hell! Did they get their $$ first? RT : Breaking News: Ghana Sack Kevin Prince Boateng &amp; Sulley Muntari From World Cup Hotel
Polys that stay playing the same 4 chords on the guitar... smh... please stop
Dolor de muela
Donell Jones \"you know what's up,\" weather.
Fucking bird left my windshield all dirty
\": Masturbation can also help relieve menstrual cramps.\"
never been on a plane before and i have to go on one soon. let me just cry .
Still doing my vampire diaries marathon....slowly...I'm up to mid season 4...I completely forgot how good this show really is!
I couldn't resist. They're so ugly they're cute and I had to have them, LOL
bear in mind when he asked at the beginning of the exchange if they were real estate developers they said no
Fuck all night till we wake up!
i'm constantly putting myself in situations that I don't want to be in lol
Sir, your leg wasn't even close to the ball
So many men in my gym with shirts and small shorts screaming I don't fit you. -gag
Hot gay couples give me life .. holy shit.
If Tom Brady really just got traded to the jets I'll be pissed as shit
I've seen Transformers 2 at least 10 times and I could easily see it 10 more
I can't go with the caked up makeup, the foundation, powder, eye shadow, eyeliner and concealer. Shit is not for me
FUCK YES USA!!
\"Perfect with red meats, pizza and all Mediterranean spiced dishes.\" Lol.
... whether Dom Moore re-signs.
Really debating on if I should even try studying for this earth science regents
Oooo im on my way to Lake Tahoe
I'm shitting bullets rn
is maroon 5 still a band?
I kinda wanna see the world have a major crisis just to see how everyone would react ya know
where did I even come from :p I should be a nice religious mannerable kid based on my family dynamic.
I appreciate a pretty face and hot buns . Even if I don't like you ! Thank you for being hot anyway .
Like \"FUCK YEAH MOTHERFUCKERS KEEP THIS SHIT COMIN!!\"
we all get perooda
This summer I flying by way to fast... Wtf
I've just written my very first play.
Best nap, I have ever taken :3
Beautiful famous person! I want to immortalize this moment in our memories! PLEASE sign this...\n*rummages*\ngym membership cancelation form.
I see niggas is really being jcats on twitter tonite smh imma have to unfollow some of you cat ass niggas lol
The future scares me like crazy
I'm not ready to go back home yet
Liked the magic's pick in Aaron Gordon thought the trade was dumb. Just didn't get much for a 20ppg scorer
Can't believe I've never been on a date.
Why can't they sell pomegranate lemonade in grocery stores? It's so frickin' goooood.
And free of charge I think it's be a pretty good Fourth of July to say the least
Bryans back in the final!!! Yes. Get guys!
i dont know why mimi thought it was acceptable to fuck with a cartoon looking ass mfer like nikko . 'snoneofmybusiness
Ahi marica, comi quisiera besarte en este momento
One thing I hate. Fake dishonest people
I have hidden your keys! You must chill!
Hit 100 on 79
Dad just asked if i wanted a beer... Happy fathers day
Jermain Jones is mah balla so I'm not even mad
Dimitrov just did a Clijsters split
Someday someway I'll find a way to make you see my way - The Who
I stg my parents make me feel like shit like its their job
Lol there was no error !!!! sorry I had the app open 2x and I thought I screwed it up of course I'm always ready 4 that
MY MOM KEEPS TAKING ALL MY CLOTHES AND WEARING THEM
Just now got around to updating my age on twitter and tumblr. Only 10 days late...
My cousin always has me doing some crazy shit!
Promete menos y haz mas.
I can't wait to move out of this state
I want some nachos, some steak fries, some in n out and some wing stop
\"How old was I at 13?\"
I would never change who I am for anyone
Hahaha. I can't wait for these post game interviews lol
I wish my dog could text me haha
Messi is kinda good.
Today's agenda: brunch, shopping, rooftop dinner and fireworks on the Hudson.
I hear it from inside my house
Dempsey just got a shin to the face
Looney tunes &amp; super heroes.
Bruhhh.. I've been lying on my bed the whole day wtf?
I sang the dang song like 50 times and kept messing up...so tedious lol
World Cup or study? Lmao! Jk
Dad wanted to smell the cannabis scented cologne. Wasn't dank at all
I'm gay and I like guys but I also love girls who think technology and computers are sexy... ;-)
Now we need to keep this momentum and win this
Mind you I have been waiting for a call back from them after two great interviews and I had all but given up.
BAE GET ME SO TIGHT SHIT SO SEXY
I need my brain removed asap
Can I fall asleep already wtf.
We hope our new freshman Jessica is having a great time at orientation!
\": * + Thanks!!!!!! =)\" your welcome!
Relaxing with a coffee and watching my favourite Sunday morning cooking show.
Someone come over and watch the lion king with me tonight
it takes patients and time to get to know the real me i dont just show it on the spot i know how the games go so i play them well
Oh lord Ginobili! The dunk then the 3
lol idk why people take relationship too seriously like its marriage
You're funny when you stop talking
that was dumb im gonna kms 20 times
Until then imma just sip some water. Because I'm too poor to sip Lipton like Kermit .
Dont let your pride get in the way
Woke up w \"confessions part two\" in my head
I really don't care, too be honest. shit i walk past family everyday!
Dejen de criticar a los actos de los otros seres humanos. Nacimos para ser diferentes.
I would give my whole life for only one more afternoon. no, I would give my life for just a moment next to you.
That looked like it hurt
Glad I saw tonight even tho it was a total of 10 min
WHAT?! LETS GO
pretty sure I shoulda been raised my apes too.
did ghana score? idk
Telling my cat that no, I had no intention of trading him to the Astros.
It is so sad how many homeless people I see on a daily basis. Can you actually imagine going from trash can to trash can for food to eat?
Sometimes you in the mood for fat girl head, sometimes you not
Jermaine you are mah dude
At this point i dont even care L O L
Tht was awsome, the battle for 3rd was stanford than villiona than new mexico than Loyola and he took 3rd, marc fleet actually beat Arizona
When I'm done with this season I'm gonna cry
I can't believe I put on pants for the ice cream man and he turned on a different block
Can anyone tell me why the fuck I care anymore
A glass of sweet red wine.. Ok and a .....
Congrats to . Anyone got a link to Hulu or an online source for those of us Luddites without TV? I want my .
I'm so fucking irritated.
I can never fall asleep when I actually want to
I said I loved you but I can't say I'm in love with you.
If i hold the door for you and you don't so much as even a knowledge the fact, you are the worst type of person.
I'm have no reason to worry about anything cause I'm happy and things always end up exceeding my realistic expectations
This social media thing is going no where for me...
I don't need it, bitch I want it
I eat, sleep, and breathe Bob's Burgers
Don't make me make you fall in love
Turn up at \n144-32 ...
Can Argentina lose though ?
Imma slit ya throat, then fuck ya like a goat
Usually I find myself holding back what I want to say because people aren't thick-skinned but I no longer have that patience.
No mames cnt belive I spend 500 in a week.
I'm radiating hear rn
Almost a year since I started working out. Well technically 9 months cause I stayed 2 months without going to the gym
I swear I need more nerdy people on my TL. Cause like no one knows what the fuck I'm talking about ever lmao
Lucky they sprayed the coasta rican goalies knee
Of course the guy in camo cargo shorts is bitter about his ex-girlfriend.
hate seeing grown men cry omg
Y'all hating cause he lightskin and getting money.
I dunno, not everyday speak about yur self when your friend is hurting. Sometimes support them and put yourself on the back burner for a min
Sky Vodka, Lemonade, Netflix and my flatiron....my night
I can't take Tyler Perry's cast serious
I want so much stuff. I'm thinking about canceling my magazine subscriptions bc that's where I see everything that I want.
I still have fun, but i don't need a bottle to do so.
I've literally been done tanning for 10 minutes. I'm just laying in the bed.. Lol
Got asked if I was 16 today
\"Velocity\" is Pomodoro Technique's term for how many iterations get done; not by focusing on getting tasks done but by focusing on focusing!
oh rehearsing in Central Park. how eventful
Que jugada de messi goolasso
If Sports, Music, &amp; Acting were the professions that paid the least. We would have wayy more black Astronauts.
Which side is this wolf on?
So many different ways to go about this
We played 5 games of spades &amp; we won all 5 \n\nWe call ourselves the money team Ju HURRRDDDD
Going vegan or vegetarian is like showering with sea water
This little girl at my church is illiterate. Why is she speaking.
all I want to do right now is walk around disneyland in my rapunzel dress and eat a corn dog and churro
Oh so you realized it?
To the people who don't know me.. I sound like Donald Duck when I talk..
Finna bike to miggs if pelon didnt take the bike
Holy shit what a start
USA USA USA USA !!
Hanging out with taylor Jeremy and Kenna was honestly the most fun ive had in forever
\": I'll be following\/retweeting people who tweet me pictures with my shirt!\"
All my friends wanna hang me cus it's my day off, I wanna hang with em too. But nah enough time!!!!
Me and Jared will skype for hours like were actually with each other and just talk hahahaha
over a year later and all me and Haley still talk about is neuroscience
good morning text from the bae\n\nIs 1,000,000 times better than\n\n good morning text to the bae
This is my first rime hearing thunder and seeing lightning in probably 9 months
Can someone text me and reply for once ugh.
2-0 Messi que GOALAZOS
What to do what to do?
I'd rather sleep than feel the way I do right now.
Juan se va a quebrar el culo en esa moto!
No but seriously. Oomf is so fucking fine. Like why isn't he mine.
USA's \"I believe that we will win\" chant is wavey
WHEERE IS RAISE YOUR HAND HIGH
HAHAHA DEMPSEY YES
But I'll keep fighting for you Xcode. I know that you and I will persevere.
You can't wait for things to happens. You gotta work for it.
the beach would be nice
Lol she dont fuck w . Me no more ! But i never cared ! Just know them bxtchs that ya hang w. Not down like i am .
Ok seriously I haven't listened to the radio in minute but Angie's last show has me tearing up.
My family can't be serious just staying In all day.
Still helping my gma
I'm half kidding but really I want a bagel
Leonard is still stone faced lol
Heat can't be mad at flopping they're the second biggest offenders in the NBA (Clippers)
I love getting into bed when the sheets are cold at night
Time to try the new eyeliner!
Y'all always too cool for something
I wish the mall didn't close so early
Just an old sweet song with Georgia on my miind
Money in the Bank bouta be sick
My legs are still killing me from Friday buttttttt I can't wait for leg day tmrw
Le gusta el sexo en exceso
I'm trying to force my friend to enjoy Starbomb and Ninja Sex Party. It's not working!
Goal USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We are up 2-1 yes!
Finally in the city visiting the best brother
Suddenly everyone is a soccer fan.
it's 8pm and still tooooo hot to run outside :(
Ugh I always feel so bad leaving my nonna :(
Happy 4th of July, the weather is shit
It's really crazy how genes beother and my brother haven't met yet but they talk like they know each other
Y'all don't even know what yayo is
my favorite part of taking bart back from SFO is guessing which far east bay station the super white people will ask directions to
First on offense and we shit the bed
I was just talking about Christine with my mother on god.. lmao I love Christine gay ass
I used to believe in fairytales and happy endings.\nThen Brock Lesnar broke the streak.
A day of reading Java API code. V. tiring.
shut C.Ronaldo. Today will do the same
Me and my friend send each other stupid shit (links, videos, memes) over text to laugh at it later together hahaha
the next three days will be timehop gold
Really don't want you to sleep.
Its cool. I wouldint reply to Me ether.
Only pure Hispanics would bring a whole hookah machine to use in the park.
I just remembered that like 3 years ago my uncle promised he'd take me to the Brazil World Cup &amp; he went there earlier this summer w\/out me
Damn it not yet twitter, it's almost the gods birthday han
Spending the night trying to remember all of chem
Your luck is gonna run out ochoa..
Idk how people could stay in New York all summer, that's dead wack.
acabaron como amistades que por orgullo dejaron de conocerse
Wait. lemme sing that bibingka song hahahaha
Conor and Peter are fighting about something that has to do with peanut butter, sand, and rocks idk
Happy 4th of July everyone. Peace &amp; Love
Toilet Snake. (Solid Snake's plumber brother)
\": If you can't stop smokin for 2 months for me to get you a good job \nyou don't want a job...\" i do
All this pain needs to go away already..
43 SECONDS AND ALREADY A GOAAALLLL.
Might get a haircut .. Tired of the hawk already hmmm
Dana and I just had to sneak into my house like we were 11 years old
So im feel nice &amp; warm lol now im laying down but we did go by this gay club &amp; we seen two sexy pretty boys kissing they looked soo cute tho
Wow I love how ur gonna talk shit about me stop being a 2 faced bitch and get outta my town fucking spick
What I don't get is when hot ass girls seek attention by saying how they can't find a dude or how their phone is dry all the time bla bla
When parents give the silent treatment.It is a whole lot more frightening than if they said something
The last dollar of gas at Hess goes incredibly slow
X_x quiero como :D buscar chisme Ahaha
Yeah, this life is something I would die for, October's Own, but it's looking like July 4
I'm hungover and Kevin is blasting Born in the USA on repeat
Bully by Shinedown was the jam when it came out. Still is!!
what just happened? just reversed their luck! Wow! You never know until the end of the game!
Ok, time to get back on my diet.Been going off these past few days.
Tamela Mann can really sing tho!
chris rock voice annoys the shit outta me
Not in the mood. Good night!
how did I miss James Neal getting traded wtf
Fuck that nigga ass award. The queen has Grammys
Waiting for the right call.
And now screaming.
she may not be perfect, but I love her.
Wondering why the fuck graduation is at 8 pm .......
I'm positive Leslie is going to say something lmfaooooo
The cocoon I have myself in bed right now is amazeeee!!!
It's a shame we gotta go through thiiiiis
this food is about to be heavenly
Too disappointed in SCOTUS right now.
All these mfs got blazers on, I KNOW DAMN WELL, they got as shit rn
i swear ur the one that sucked...LOOL
Hayden says ya you do alot
I am crying so hard at those military homecoming vines
If they kill this Neymar.... Because they don't treat him properly. I'm gonna fight.
I don't understand how I have so many friend requests on Facebook everyday?!
Nothing worth having will come easy
Duke the god on the line
Lets See How Many Spur Fans There Are Going To Be At The End Of This Game
iPhone 6 can not come out this summer my contract don't end til fall
i still dont know what im wearing tmrw..
Kinda want to work to get my mind off things
Ese Eder es un lagarto enyesado
But that's none of my business tho
\"He knew that his mind would never be free to romp like the mind of god\"
I'm always the first and last to text
PKs - you got this guys.
Yo soy la culpable de haber permitido que jugaras conmigo.
today i rescued a caterpillar in my house but also accidentally dropped the same caterpillar behind a bookshelf so idk if that counts
Lmao. Shes pretty regardless RT : you gonna show us a selfie or nah
Some impulse purchases you just can't explain. Like buying a SlimJim &amp; cup of noodle from Walmart...
Pretty sure I'm never watching a heat finals ever again. Also Pretty sure Heat won't ever be the same after the season.
Okay I actually completely lied earlier I may or may not have every drake album on my phone and yes I am extremely ashamed of it
Lets do this home opener for
It's the awful ones like you who keep the better people sane. So we'd all be better of if you're the same.
can't be mad at me when your actions request it
And I took a nap earlier. I should drink that shit everyday so I can fall asleep early
Wendell better not say any shady shit tomorrow about their first show. Smfh
I fuckin hate u lol
Pretty awkward that my mom has instagram now...parents just staaaahhhp
just bought beers with my master card at Yankee stadium. Where is my surprise?
Dark days turn into bright nights
Time flies. Embrace all the moments, good people.
\": omgg thas them strawberry &amp; banana creme pancakes ?!\" yuuppp them thangs wass shmackin
I hate this town it's so washed up and all my friends don't give a fuck
Maybe I should listen to my mom a little more often ...but then again ..
There are two types of people on twitter rn: those gassing messi because he scored and those gassing messi because they are actually a fan
Robeks after a good workout is the best
Maybe mmmkay will be our always.
America is 1\/1 from the field in this first quarter of the ball game
Oh and hey, remember those full body pictures you sent me? Yeah I do too
I only enjoy left overs the day after I can't eat something three days in a row.
My last official shift at Come visit! Happy Hour is from 4-6. Oh, you girls keep my young.
give me ur amer appar hoodie so i know it's real
That one nigga on your ig that's always smoking hookah... Damn -_- I'm tired of seeing you lmaoo
People hardly see me pissed off but tonight was diff story
I hate BEING to his !! ITS DRIVING ME INSANE. I NEED A FIX.POKE ME RIGHT HERE!
They should have brought Donovan to fill altidore's position
My body is an art book, and tattoos need to be on.
Labrayas crying because she doesn't wanna walk to Stewarts.. It's literally 3 doors down from my house
Lol @ the chick who didn't know who Josaline was. But do you blame her??
Since ya tellin on me tell your girl about me
In San Francisco looking for
Who are these ppl texting me I do not know
I hate Rachel's snaps. They're so pointless &amp; stupid
Isn't it usually hot and sunny on this day or am i buggn
The bad thing in having a car is wondering if you parked the car on the right side on cleaning day.
my boyfriend told me I had to cut back on chicken nuggets.. that's some fucked.up.shit.
Lmao, and the cop wrote my ticket saying I lived in Las Vegas, CA. What a dunce.
Btw this world cup is considerably more enjoyable without the vuvuzelas
Me and Brie drinking margs and watching tiff porno
Mom took a bottle of peroxide and poured it all over my cuts from the zebra mussels .. never been in so much pain
An appropriate way to start the summer
Oh well, someone had to tell him
I wanna pierce my nipps now
My ex still stalks my twitter. If you're reading this, I love you. The last year we spent together was beautiful in every way.
Bitches start looking like Meg when you around them a lot
Why did I even ask him that?!
''Muchas veces cuando el hombre ama lastima y me ha tocado amar y lastimarte''.
This week I've seen two of my most chill friends go on Twitter rants. That's how you KNOW shit is real. The internet is becoming crazier.
I write about Iove 24.7 as if I actually knew what it was
\"nat I couldn't make it to the toilet so I puked in your sink\" -Kenz
i been boycotting Roches but i might have to cop
George Straight goes well with blueberry pancakes.
YA COMENZARON AHI DIOS.
Don't try to play me mayne
he said ppl mad that we cool together.
What did women do before cell phones and internet to find they nigga? Lol
What more could you want ?
I never wanna stop watching this
Catfish went into te straight Ghettooooo on this episode hahahahaha
could go for some Moe's right now.
I just want a cute girl, with an ass, and that could play FIFA. Is that too much to ask for
If I was in World Cup I would definitely shave my number in my head like that Ghana dude has
Nobody takes a joke anymore!! I'm convinced. Lol
I miss my mom man. She need to quit playing and get back here and take me home now.
if you find ur self being taunted sexually, its prob the cops ... dont sweat it
Yo I was sad a little while ago because of Gwen Stacy dying in The Amazing Spiderman but now I look at the bright side... I'm goin 2 Vegas!!
Walking Dead marathon is on? Guess I know what I'm doing today
why are you so fucking pretentious?????? I'm seriously wondering??????????
Contact by Daft Punk is our generation's Stairway to Heaven
How can a man have a say, much less make a decision that will never pertain to him, that will clearly affect every woman in the nation?
Cee-Lo Green probably wasn't down with the gay bashing.
Actually the full picture of that is 'same'
you guys, my next zine is gonna be so legit. i just hit a photo archive gold mine!
Captin Clint babby!!!2-1
USA USA USA&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Conceal, don't feel. Put on a show, make one wrong move and everyone will know
No cmon. This is why we need Donovan. Nobody to replace Altidore
I can't watch this anymore! I'm getting too emotional.
Would have been nice to have Donavan...
I JUST GOT JUMPED BY A 4 Y\/O AND A 9 Y\/O
They are so obsessed with each other it's creepy.
Hey can we send you some gear??
Happy last minutes of gabs bday
The amount of people from high school that have bothered spending time to say whats up to me after i graduated lol
That watermelon I just had was soooooooo goood!!!!!!!
Cats frontin like they hold stacks but they broke,chipping in on ten dollar bags of smoke
I truly thought just rejected me
Mario Kart 8, anyone? Oh, I forgot I'm one of the only people who plays Wii U.
I can't unfollow everybody i wanna. Cause i woulden't have a timeline. Smh
terez wants to follow me on insta whyyyyyyy
Yea I'm drunk
i have to wash all this sharpie off
Ummm I'm Sorry For Smiling . And I Rolled My Eyes. So She Decided To Say \" Stfu And Go Brush Your Hair \" I Laughed And Said
happy friendless day
Bitches talking bout they want 9inch penises .. I can't even handle that shit y'all got it
YOU'RE A SEXY MACHINE YOU'RE A HOLLYWOOD DREAM
neeed friendss that have a pool MAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is playing well, they deserved a goal.
\": ur weed tolerance turns me on\"
Ghana wants that goal
sigh* I don't care
Really need a break from all this
life would be so dope if i didn't have summer school lol i hate myself
Gooooooooool de 2-0!!!!!!!
Essential gf requirements for men:\nEyebrow hair\nFat ass
My tweet was prophetic. Tie game, let's go!
When a women decide to be a mother, she should make sure to be that Mother who's her daughter will wish to be like her when she grow up,,
The littlest things can piss me off so easily.
Im playing hide n go seek with kids 12 and under.
That horrible moment when you realize you've because everything you never thought you would.
This is amazing straight attack attack attack
Tim Howard's a beast
Op ctfu u mad ???
Im still screaming holy shit Dempsey you animal! USA!
I stayed up all night just so I could could wish you a happy birthday
On hold trying to speak to for 30mins now - they stopped answering calls. Going to contact everyone poss re this
Today was a good Monday. w\/
He cute or whatevaaaaaaaaa
Holy shit just called that draft pick
\": when that shit is real u just know\"
Do you think the heat should trade their 26th pick to the Knicks for Iman shumpert ?
When all the dudes you roll with are disrespectful, immature, and overall ain't shit it makes me wonder who you truly are.
Zusi is a friend
This shopping is cleansing my soul
Playin Fifa against is ODE CRAZY never again!!!! lol my son is NICE
Cada quien decide en el infierno q se quema!
Accept the new me an forget the old me
Oh happy day my butts getting bigger
Reading what people wrote in my yearbook is really making me emotional
OMG GOAL USA!!! 2-1 Lead.
\"You deserve the best of everything\"\n\"That's what I had\"\nDAMN
Ice cream always makes me feel better.
I'm pretty sure that Sid vicious and Nancy are my parents.
Bitches will do anything for love!!!
Today has marked the highlight of my entire professional life as I was promoted to Director at Freed Maxick CPA's!
Someone thought it was cool to open my bedroom door while I was comfortably sleeping and turning up the tv
I had a dream where I shot a guy with my asthma inhaler and he died.
People were waiting 3.5 hours to eat; I would never! I called our name in 2 hours before we even got there
tHERE'S A NEW KNK OVA WHATTTTTTT how did I just find out about this??? =.=
weezy crazy if she don't shave she can get on her way home
I will love you, I will love you always.
Having good songs stuck in your head is a great feeling
Kinda wish there was cats today
All I see is tweets bout rain like yall never seen it before
I know if I smoke an L ima be tight after cause I'm hungry
I don't have anyone to travel with is the problem
Passing the time with Coors Banquet, Modern Family and three tires on our trailer.
I wasn't looking for someone new till you came down
Float tubed 4 lakes today,and my legs are hurtin!
About to go to bed, but stuffed my face with cookies all the same
Not a good fishing day besides when when Aidan got yelled at 8 times not to fish on the doc
One Tree Hill has taken over every spare minute I have.
Really have to stop thinking \"today's going to be a good day\" early in the morning because it just jinxes me haha
She's got a bottle of tequila and a lime for her lips\nLay that body on the bar and put that salt on her hips
It's amazing how doing something you love to do can affect others
Hoping my dad will win!
I really love my hair blonde , I'm never changing it . I don't think I'm going to get tired of it
The most powerful thing you can do with your relationships is have others feel more self-confident around you.
All that talk don't mean shit if I don't see any actions.
I know the USA is people with brain I will try to buy one however is possible
She said she wants to take it slow, I'm not that type of guy ill let you know
That new Taco Bell nacho shit burrito thing from Taco Bell sounds sooo good
I can actually feel my brain shrinking
I think I'm allergic to doing laundry
I'm sorry but there's a complete difference between \"swag\" and \"style\". A man has style. Y'all children have swag. Think about it
I don't kno whether Botas is eating her food during the day or the other dogs. So I just pour more. But I'll kno soon enough.
LETS GOOO LETS GOOOOOOO
To my father, who has never apologized for anything he has done and passes Biblical judgment upon all of his daughters : get well soon.
Long Island for the first time in years this weekend sounds good
I am not going to be okay when my dad leaves.
If only Dallas beat the spurs
Before you drown in the truth become the lie.
Pop looks mad happy
Shakeeeee it fo daddddyyyyy
1month &amp; twenty days before I leave to Arizona
Claymore Family Guy and Digimon season 1 \": 3. Name one TV series you've seen EVERY episode of multiple times.\"
I rather have a couple of real friends then a bunch of fake ones
When ur man tells you he loves you in front of his friends.
\"The only advice I have is haters gonna hate\"
what's wrong with everyone's usernames on Instagram??
Tony doesn't play when it comes to Andrea... I'm the same way with my best-friend.
Three cheers for Dwyane Wade he just scored lmaooo
game still kilt g unit idc
\": My dad always told me if a man doesn't love and respect his mother, he won't love and respect his wife!\"
Its the 23rd of june... my how time fly
Happy birthday ! Hope you have an amazing day, I'm super glad I met you. Love you sharkisha
So thankful for freedom provided by so many brave Americans. More thankful for spiritual freedom given by Jesus Christ. John 8:36.
Only reason anyone is watching the BET awards is bc game of thrones is in off season. They better Thank the lord of light
I have food poisoning me and Taylor could be twins
1 of many things I learned on my trip.. you have one BEAUTIFUL park! Everyone should really try to visit if they can!
\"I'm ugly so you don't have to worry about me cheating on you\"
That is why dokovic is a world champion...
I tried to recover everything but was not enough for you.
if life had a reset button I'd probably use it three-five times a day because of how much I end up doing wrong in other people's eyes.
which came first: facebook's twitter feed, or twitter's facebook page?
I've given you every bit of the girl I am, I know at times it wasn't pretty but it was all I had
I should have gone out I'm so bored why am I home
My mom just told Mike to dump me at Kristas graduation dinner.
Someone just got proposed to at the baseball game
22k a month w\/ 1mil in an escrow acct. as a show of good faith. Damn.
Going with \"DatDudeJD23\" again
Maybe listening to while commuting isn't the best idea. It's not calming me down.
15 of 19 15 of 19!!!!! unbelievable
Can Kenzie not graduate in 5 days orrrr?
When you ignore me it's okay but if I ignore you it's bad like ok
My whole night is delayed bc it's running around my moms time schedule....yet again
Any leg injury in these games and all i hear is that guy from spongebob, 'my leeegggg' when i see the pain in their face.
Let me fill your heart with joy and laughter.
Happy to be at home, but I can honestly say that I miss Boys' State.
dam its just really good creme fraische is all
Northern California is so different
\": Theres a difference between being someone's RIDER and staying just to keep getting PLAYED\"
: the city you can live in for 5 years and still manage to fuck up taking the subway crosstown. Two wrong trains. TWO.
Does anyone actually know how to pronounce Shia LaBeouf's name?
Sean just said the water is pretty hungry...
I'm leaving in eleven hours and I just started packing
Out of finals. Tryna find something to do with
OMG DID I MISS CHRIS BROWN?
I want a cute girly vape pen
Bo Jackson, Returning To Tecmo Bowl After His Hip Replacement
First thing I do when I come home from work is take my shirt off...
why is it cold at the beachhhh nooooooo
Candles in the sun | Miguel
I respect it so much when people are stright up with me. Dass that real shit and i feel it
It's gone be one of those nightssss
Dempsey said hold dat real quick and by real quick I mean 30 secs in...
, maybe if your system was a little bit more like Leonard's, you might have a ring by now. You've won 1 game in the .
Up on Netflix.. eating My Oreos an Drinking my Milk. Lol
Unless Sather is getting a Getlaf, Kopitar, Crosby, Tavares, E. Staal back, why trade your No. 1 center?
There really should be a weather alert called \"balls\" bc sometimes thats the only way to describe this muggy hellscape
Hypothesis : When failure is an option it just might spell f-r-e-e-dom! Testing it ...
Will Arnett is fucking funny and has a voice that sounds like a white version of Morgan Freeman but he cheated on Amy Poehler so.
This guy fucking serious? Kicked Dempsey in the face? No call?!?
more reasons why baseball is above every other sport
Banda at costa azul.
I praise God and I play sports
Tim Duncan just won his 5th title. He has made $220.5M in his regular season NBA career . He will make $10.3M next season.
Nervous for my regents
I had so much fun today!
\"Somebody get chicken with me\", an autobiography
YES!!!!! LETS GO!
Do I want to bootcamp this luscious Mac Pro so I can play Windows games again?
Otra veces soy mentiroso por poderla complacer ;)
cant be mad at ronaldo
Hey mom can you take me to firefly?
Bentley literally just tackled me to the ground when I walked into Jenna's house
I whistle much more effectively after a ferrero and two mini heath b's
I want a real girl who wouldn't care about just chillin at home watching movies
These are some of the worst constant cramps I've ever had
Or get my number and text me.
Everybody is making excuses for the heat was simply they got that ass whipped
The final of the world cup during the half time they should let a pop singer or someone perform. that would be cool af
\": I'm not gona go threw your phone I just hope you down the way you say you are\"
Of course we don't have any sugar in this house.
There is a luxury in being able to drop a set or two and still win.
THAT WAS CUTE BUT NEXT TIME TRY TO AIM FOR THE GOAL
I look so much better w dark hair than I do w light hair
Gol vamos mi
I uploaded a beautiful picture of my girlfriend on Instagram and she didn't like it :(
Argentinas defense worries me
Why is mango green tea the best thing ever
For someone who stutters man to man they can type pretty well behind a computer
What a shot
\": awwww yasss I'm da queen\"queen tay
im going 2 burn
so what you're telling me is Henry Wilcox gotta go
Just saw a commercial with Adrianna Lima and almost came
Had a good ass Monday. Fun Monday now time to sleep
You could tell he was straight up gangsta
Sokratis urges CR to question their notions of futbol
Alemania en busca del 1er Lugar del Grupo G
Still adjusting to the time difference
On the phone wit t baby
No dejare que nadie en mi lugar guise 88'
Get to hug my dad in 3 days after not seeing him for 3 months can I get an amen
Wearing the plainedge bowling uni on the golf course
\"We have overcome many obstacles... The only thing we can't do is hear.\" Kaushik Pillapakkam, Valedictorian Class of 2014
OMG OMG ITS SO CLOSE IM SO EXCITED
Bought a lot of healthy stuff at Target!! Must stuck to it!!
I wish i had one good older brother
it's always better to take yourself out of the problem before it blows up
Thinking about your future and who your going to be with and what life brings to you is pretty scary
Really had to hold my friends back tonigjt
Glantz on data sets from VA: rely on human sources, make friends w\/ vets on boards, assoc, b\/c VA eventually hides behind HIPPA
I wanna be rich af I wanna have all the money in the world!!
Someone take me to the mall tomorrow and I'll tell you you're beautiful
Can't wait to stop to get food
I really hate my job. So I'm gonna go look for a new one. Bye.
No jozy don't leave :(
tbh only watching young and hungry cause I miss Lilly Truscott, I mean Emily Osment
fwd: yeah I bet she's a nice girl she probably does wonders with her hand and mouth but I don't think she's pretty
Sundays are so peaceful
dammnnn let the hate begin
I don't want to be home but I don't feel like getting dressed
Lil Wayne looks like he's about to be posted at Union Sq all day.
(Friends in London should get tix to Great Britain if they can! I hear is absolutely KILLING IT)
Time to test the Schwinn Varsity durability, going to get in my climbing on overpasses going to Nugget.
Quien paa ooVoo paa hacer un coro
Life is such a lovely thing
USA 4ever &lt;3 :)
Shit if you ugly..... you just ugly Shit.. i'm ugly I'm pride of it
TIE GAME LETS GO!!!
Tomorrow's Tuesday and I don't have an 8 am class!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is the best night ever
If your outcome ain't income, you ain't thinking with yo head
And hopefully seeing the kid all day today into the night
My bed is so soft and I love it.
football season is ruining my life
I would like an alcoholic beverage right now please
Its not even dark yet and im ready to call it a day and get some sleep.
I love when someone can make me smile just through texting
You're allowed to touch my butt......
Modem reset, connected but no connectivity... What the marf?
Mikey said I look old . . tf nigga.
I'm in a terrible mood today and for the longest time I couldn't figure out why. It's because im at work and wearing jeans. I feel like scum
I. Just. Can't.
listening to the ghost inside not gonna lie they got some slappers
Another job rolling burritos with ex cons
I recently attended a 2 day Android dev class. Take away was that Android devices have very nice screens and Apple has better dev tools.
It doesnt matter how early or late in the morning it is. If you wake me up, I'm punching you. Simple.
The vibes on that dance floor were insane love dancing so much and glad I got to kill it last night ...
I just grilled a ribeye on my car hood outside
whatever man this shit always happens to me
Mexico got robbed today... Dang. Netherlands caught them slippin and beat them. Wow, what a game.
I need a new series to watch on Netflix!
Quickest goal I seen
Only see me wit a couple niggaz
So who wants to drive me home
The hunger games:car edition
i would like to think im funny and not COMPLETELY uglu
Nada como volver a hablar con tu Bieff :3
Slightly stoopid is touring this summer and I must go
The Bible, a book on psychological &amp; spiritual development says \"judge not that you be not judged.\" Negative judgement mirrors back to you!
If I delete instagram and make a decision to come back later, will all my pictures still be there?
Can someone please come watch UP with me so I know how to decorate my classroom tomorrow ??
It is its tragic flaw and it's redeeming factor. It is everything.
GUYS ISNT A THOT! OKAY? OKAY.
At the Yankees vs Red Sox game and I'm pumped!!!
KRHV 221347Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 14\/10 A2993
3 hours and a half traveling time SJ\/SB is the new record
Well it's been real guys, see ya never
the person who said the pen is mightier than the sword is a sheltered punk
Unfortunately he has to be arrested for treason. But I don't think Holder would agree.
Damnit hope Altidore makes a quick recovery
\": If I could unmeet some people....... I would.\" Some family a boyfriend or two
tell me why i chose the right people as my friends lol well they basically fam but still
i hate you if you post buzzfeed articles on facebook
My dad has been waiting for 32 years to see this game. Haha
Yoooooo my uncle. He swears he can visit and straighten me out. How about you don't?
At least I got my morning run in.
she got starch in her weave
\": Nothing sexier than seeing them get turned on.\"
I need a break from people and Internet.
I rode my 16 mi on the trail. My heart (130 bpm: cycling) will relax a deep chest muscle I painfully tensed Saturday .
All my friends live in caskets all my artwork is crayon dipped
It's 1am on a summer break and people been snoozin since 10 like wat
This isn't geting any better with u in the mix
Lmfaoooo why he crying tho!! I understand tho!!
Bout to get in my bag
nothing to do tomorrow but watch usa spank ghana
Ginsburg's dissent calls the majority opinion a \"decision of startling breadth.\"
Good freakin' job, we just wasted two and a half hours of our lives and a load of gas trying to go through with your shitty idea.
It's so hot I'm sweating in my own house
A broken nose is no excuse for us!
Don't even wanna go to sleep because i'm afraid you'll be in my dreams again.
&amp; win, but put up a good fight &amp; didn't give up.
Got a redbone with two golds, she snort too much of that Michael Jackson that bitch'll need a new nose!
\"We'll get to that in a second.... I've fuucked
Just chillen with my WM ass life
Terry Crews would be the uncle that buys you condoms, black &amp; milds, but then made sure you went to church..
Finally on a plane. Too early for a drink? This round should definitely be on you
GENTEE VAI TER BEIJO LESBICO NA NOVELA DAS 9
7 av closed btw 23st and 14st. Tour bus hit ped. Lots of investigation happening. Be careful peds and drivers of NYC
City Council member who boycotted JPA meeting told ABC7 News the A's lease extension for coliseum still not good enough for City of Oakland.
Smh this girl is pretty go meet a guy the normal way chica crying over someone you never met stop it
WHAT A SNIPE
Excited for the changes to come :)
Gabbi Stills Looks Hot Even Tho She Is All Knocked Up And Pregs ! Lololol
Feels kinda nice to not be going out tonight.
Why am i just discovering JavaScript debugger;?
If someone throws up I'm out. I can't do that.
Dirty shit right now
I told my cousin not to talk with her mouth full a million times, so I yelled at her for being gross and I get in trouble. Wtf?
The pregame at Yankee stadium is literally what i image heaven to be like
Tds my lil bros graduation youngings class 14'
Well, you wonder why I always dress in black, Well, there's a reason for the things that I have on.
Soccer is way more fun to watch in person
My phones been dumb as shit since I backed it up
This loud pack got a nigga wild smacked SHIT!!
Not sure what I'm thinking, but just put on my office TV. National pride. Go !
Eastampton: \"Started from the middle now we here\"
StarDust blowing golden glitter and singing wish upon a star. Haha wtf
Woke up early, guess I'll hit the gym!
Leave it to me to fuck up a pot of coffee...missing my Keurig
It's amazing how congress can be adiment about the Redskins changing their name while constantly mocking our President!!!
I swear I nvr get good night txts. Matter of fact I don't even get txt msgs in general.
This Maceys show better be live in a night-time-NYC-skyline studio, cause the sun's still out.
All natural baby.
can i just hire someone to make all my decisions for me
Waiting for my sister to get out of class -.- so bored
came home to a new laptop from my mother this is like my 3rd one i wont break this one with illegal music
I'm in bed by 10 like wtf...
Red planet Little Mix
Every Marine here is pissed
God I still can't believe you are gone jack
The music that we all know and love has come back to us\n
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
Slow-mo replays look way more painful
23:09 KJ6HOT (adam) on W6\/CT-054 (Bertha Peak, 2500m, 8pt) 14.3425 other: *Got stomped by QRM, going QRT. Sorry so short on the summit. [KJ6
There's a very good argument to be made that the Spurs' Greg Popovich is the greatest NBA coach of all-time.
I wanna fuck a famous ig chick just to show niggas i made it out the comments
I'm not even tired anymore wtf dude
I need to move to Ireland or England where I can say fuck freely, without ridicule.
My bed with my puppy is exactly what I needed at this moment. Night y'all
Just got home from bringing the kids to the park , now giving them a shower.
don't just invite yourself, that's rude as hell
My sister ran in my room &amp; said \"you have to wake up for this! Its a live stream of Shawn Mendes!\" did you really just wake me up for this?!
America!!! Best country in the world !! &lt;3 Happy Fourth of July from the Empire State!!!!
reading the book of Job
Increible lo de los gladiadores, campeones panamericanos y el tricampeonato contra brasil, 30-19
Fantastic tribute to Tony Gwynn at game tonight.
I didn't think it bother me that much. Guess it did.
I think my school district wins for one of the most weirdest named.
the world we live in is flawed &amp; yall are just feeding into it instead of using your own brain to make your own decisions. \n\nwake up.
HAHAHA I JUST FOUND OUT THERE WAS 85 QUESTIONS
Why my mom hating on Ronaldo?....
Who be online playing 2K for Xbox ?
USA still losing tho
How the hell did we just jump from 72 to 407?! I'm 82... sigh....
So ready to take this chemis......screw it I'm going to go cook meth
im just too juiced for my main bitch bey
Someone drank a little too much hater-ade
Sometimes it's the little things that make you the happiest
But really though. Someone text me
i be saying this RT : Was gonna retweet that , but it has a typo. I can't look just as dumb as the person who wrote it.
Ugh my girlfriend stole my best friend from me :( f u Emma
My Mexican friends extra hypha today aka this fool Danny Santos ay diosito
I'm gonna start throwing pool parties
The dream is someday reversing roles and being in the car that's making someone else's day. Then I know I've made it.
Dumbass 1 and dumbass 2 just realized we can watch Netflix on our tv
no hay peor bullying que el de un venezolano
All I want is a G550
It's not fair but it's cool
this lady at the store asked me if I was from around here bc it was raining&amp;I was wearing shorts. no I'm from Cali I just don't give any f's
Erick is so entertained by the mariachi
I don't have money on my mind, I do it for the love
Safe to say candy has gone crazy lol
My dad is trying to angry text by yelling into the phone to say what to text ..
I love all of the boys with all of my heart
On that note t-minus one hour till a seeerious leg pump
Verrokkeja TV-lukuihin: USA-Kanada (Sotshi) ~6 miljoonaa, 2014 katsotuin NBA-finaali 17,9, NHL 6,0, MLB 19,2. \n\nUSA-Portugali 18,2.
Now way am I arguing with a britney stan this isn't 1999
Me cago en la rehp con
Only thing that never change is my niggas
If you don't like the Cosby Show then you need to spend some quality time down at the Huxtables bc they're great
Every time I get confident it gets pushed down and it's always by the same person and I want to hate him but I can't
Really need a USA Jersey asal
I still can't believe I ever wasted my time on you.
DEPT OF HOMELAND SECURITY IS BEHIND BORDER CHAOS AND BREECHES.THEY HOPE TO COLLAPSE U.S ECONOMY &amp; START URBAN WARFARE AND TAKE OVER AMERICA.
OH MY SWEET JESUS WHAT A SHOT
Frans Nielsen is a real good player, but he is ideally a 3rd line center. Likely one of the best in hockey, too.
Saying of the day, \"wow that escalated quickly\".
Is it time to give up now?
Happy 4th of July everyone
When I wear the same outfit two days in a row and don't run into anybody who saw me in it I feel like I'm getting away with murder.
why so you could hoe around ? Wtf
que mal humor, termina el partido de portugal y me voy a la cama a leer
Too many people see what's wrong in their life instead of how blessed they truly are. Trust me, it can be worse
fucken Ghana tryna injure all the players gtfo
Sunday Shenanigans are always the best.
Who's got plans on Long Island for the 4th
Told my mom she didn't love me since she's texting &amp; driving
realized a long time ago that not every situation needs a reaction, but don't try me.
You like hard stuff. Check out nomeansno. Cats sex and Nazis. YouTube. I think its Obama's theme song.
Okay dont play crap defence now, good D get the counter goal and win or tie
\"I love nature. Except when I'm outside with bugs. But inside watching a movie about it - wow its beautiful\"
I'm so nervous for the Germany USA game on Thursday. It's ridiculous
\"sometimes I go out and I'm like ok ya I look good other times I just look like a piece of shit with legs and arms.\"
Discussing business with my baby father
tall boys with dark hair and light eyes fuck me up on a daily basis
Wow go away. That was my shit first
Shoutout to the homie Yamoah for finally cutting off that succubus
Disneyland annual pass is about to be soo real, all the SoCal kids better get it
To the 40 year old creep who was starring at me as I'm running... Get a fucking life
First real test
Lmaoooo so many memes to be made
No fuck that they gon fall off
You know what sucks about Connecticut? \n\nEverything.
Jackie been to six flags like 2 times this 2 weeks and I never been there's whole life
Nobody nah fi know mi ah you a fuck
Get out at 12 . What is there to do today?
August through December are always my favorite time of the year
I'm Feelin Like Pac Today , So If A Nigga Fucc With Me Today , Imma Put Em Down Quiccer Than Usual .
Sonnn. It's hot as fuck in my apartment..
YES NOW THE LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT DOG IS CRYING YES I LOVE ALL THESE LOUD NOISES
\": lol I'm sleep! !!\" Like wake up lol
If I'm getting sick for vacation I'm gonna kill someone.
yes well i'm a genie in a bottle and u gotta rub me the Right Way
OH: \"Everybody gets mad, and people are special.\"
Guess the lifeguards don't care about the 1 guy in the pool, hey just left
damn my phone looks trippy af
this jazz music is everything right now.
The girl at macys said I was cute
Pops wylin nigga goin for USA like he not Ghanaian lol
Sitting on a bench in the mall because shopping with my mother and grandmother was the worst idea I ever had
This girl is pretty you need to go out and meet people
The fact that Quan said imma be like Mr Hurbert !!! Fuck Him
you ain't shit without ambition, \nat the end of the day only you can motivate you
You're a disgrace to the human race
ima just shake it off and move on b.
Getting payed to watch cars drive by
.... Even if those seconds will always leave me wanting more
Taking My Dad Out To Golden Corral Tonight ..
GOAL!!!!!!!! sepia is going wild!!
\"Don't go in the water the snake'll eat you, honeyboo\" *pokes and startles frog into water*
At this point, you're either going to marry the person you date, or you're not. College dating is strange.
Tonight is one of the greatest nights of my life ...... Like hands down....
Wait, the Spurs have several great international players... How can they be champions without having played AAU ball?
College countdown. Can't believe my son leaves in 6 days.
New twit pic ft Anna Hollander
I want mcdonalds breakfast now
I can't wait to be out of this country
going to hit at martha considering i have a tournament this weekend and its been forever
I swear every goal in the World Cup is cool af
Lets goooooooooooo USA Babbyyyyyyyyy
Vacation now begins. Who wants to play?
Todos bien chido con su novio\/a y yo saliendo del cine con mi hermano .__.
\": Wish I was laid up with someone\"
AHHHHHHHHHHHH CLINT FUCKING DEMPSEY OMFG!!!!! AHHHHHHHHH
a lovehate thing
esse ano ngm comentou nada de festa junina so por causa da copa
Dempsey with a Broken Nose...
You have no idea what their story is, what their perception of life and reality is, and what theyve been theough. And you never will
I get attached even though I know we will never be a thing
Hold up ....... If you suck &amp; swallow
I'm hiring! Looking for a position in front-end development? We have multiple openings with large companies in .
playing partner was about 6 inches short of a hole in one.
It's only been a week and I'm already going through withdrawal. Still mad about no Tysha fallout.
my brother told me that boys from school ask him what I'm like at home uh okay
GUYS IS IT OK
LMAO FAKE ASS PEOPLE I CANT RN
10 retweets and Btay will give the woogity to Donavon's gooch
Patty B be acting like a nigga with no life
30 seconds. WTF
That's how you start it off USA!
\": Shocked, disappointed, and deeply saddened by the ruling. We have so much work to do. \" truth
So Twitter has automatic translate for any tweets not in English. You learn something new everyday.
That's Basketball at a way better level
going to airport rn, ill miss you guys &lt;3 brb in two weeks!!
Cameron is really starting to annoy me... Whine whine whine from total divas to RAW. Again why was she still signed after tough enough
Re-aggravated my already sore hamstring thanks to that goal lol
Lol at me calling him Adam Samuels.
i wanna leave the bx w some ease, that's all
I'm going to FIT but I never know what to wear
Steph has a BraveHeart sun tan
I just got my hair stuck in my fan....
Son I spent $800 today in 2 hours ..
He got the Hammer and Three what a beast
I'm comin for you, lab final!
Summer assignments are the work of the devil good thing Im not doing that shit
FUCK YEAH AMERICAAAAAAAAA
\"Is it gay to take a bath? Is it gay to take a bath? I don't care I'm a fat fat prince\"-
I be saving stuff in draft area just so I can tweet them all at the same time Little Mix
I don't care how long it's been since your girl broke up with her dude. Even if it's been 2,000 years that dick still OFF FUCKING LIMITS
This group convo has me weak asf
Four years ago I was still asking my parents permission to go and do stuff...
Can someone link me a sick song to put over my video in the background? that isnt copyright, some rap or something
I lost the tv remote bc everytime I turn it up the sound of bens snoring gets louder and louder
Omg!!!!!!!!! I wasn't gonna tweet the whole game but I had tooo. Omfg!!!!!! Lmfaooooo
just had the best cookie ive ever had in a very long time
jk what even is a bae!
Finally home .... Time to pass out on my own bed !
I need to KO now lol
True Poetic Beauty Lay Deep In The Ears Of The Listener my quote , cute huh :-)
Now Watching: True Blood - I Found You | Season 7. The Final Season, Episode 2
The difference about me is i love romance movies but i wouldn't technically want that in real life.
But why not show the world you made it buy giving your city a new team or a new Ymca to get niggas out.
Atta boy 7
New teen wolf got mah heart pounding hahaha
Time to set my priorities straight.
I just want a few beers to start off the day right
Tbh I think I could've ate more but I got too tired LOL
I cannot wear clothes in the house ! They so annoying
Watching Cold Justice @East coast is ready
I need like a red bull or something.
The game between Greece and Costa Rica is taking forever
hungry but already in bed :(
What a beautiful start
te hablo ?
\": My zeal to break a story is a helluva drug.\"\n\nI see your love for Bucher is at the same level as many of us in Sacramento!
41 seconds!!!!!!! GOAL!!
Contact outta state say she out of place take her to my psych now she concentrate pull her drape parlay till no time but late my kind of day
I really want a pair of Stan Smiths but if I bought em I'd look at them and just be sad they aren't Colette
I love 2 get on , i love to get 2 onnnn...
If medicine was so important she would be letting me smoke these joints rn
A1a: (serious answer) I hope to self evaluate often, keep a calendar, and definitely maintain inflexible hours of work.
if you love yugioh i love you
Is it weird to date someone with the same name as you? Haha
Ashlynn closed the door on my foot and fucking broke my toe
Idk if I should sleep or eat first. I'm in need of both.
Why are there so many fangirls for Chipotle? Visit an actual fucking taqueria, you goon.
Lebron not even on the court ... Best player my ass. Fucking bitch
We The Nation
Oh fyi 22 Jump Street was weird
If you're not willing to take a risk then you dont want it bad enough.
Breakibg every possible rule at work right now..eating mcdonalds,laying down on the bench and on my phone
Hate fucking with people who always got they hand out but never contribute
I'm tryna get wild smacked tonight... wheee the weed and liquor at ???
I want a job where I can spend someone to get me coffee from Starbucks
I keep on waking up from this fucked up dream where I'm watching my self sleep and can't wake my self up smh
The awkward thing about business parties are follow up emailzzz. UHHHHHHHHH
Please don't blow it
Took me almost six months. But I finally deleted the voicemails and texts. I want nothing to remain.
You could be dying and still wouldn't text back
EVEN SHIPS STALIA OKAY BYE
I have no emotions anymore I'm just a bitch
It's an addicting feeling. I am addicted.
\": Down by 3 at halftime, so our coach decided to make us run suicides in front of all of the parents. Sound like coach ozzie
Piper is a much better character in season 2 than in season 1.
Nights like these I wish there was more stuff to do in San Ramon. . .
I knew mike liked the titanic
wonderful visit at tishs house so nice to see my cousin &amp; her family&amp; old friends Wouldn't it be amazing to visit them in New Zealand! Xoxo
I often find myself wishing for longer days and the chance to get to know everyone ever.
Joining my mom on this juicing wave
Clint Dempsey yes!!!!
chitty chitty bang bang is still one of my favorite movies
Man I'm sore and tired back at it again tonight
Its crazy how many y'all niggas still up lmfao
tyrek loves to play
Sleeping in on a rainy day &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Heather is just playing a role, and her husband is along for the ride!
What's up it's 4 AM and I just counted to 652 by 1's
what am I doing .. this doesn't sit right
i wish i talked to hot people
And by nasty I mean Ghana has had possession most of the game but these saves by Howard are too slick
The pic, I think is fun. There's always new trends going on and it's you're memories, do what you want.
somewhere someone is spending upwards of a million dollars on an app that no one will use
Fuck grad rehearsal I'm tryna hit up the hamptons who wants to join?
12$\/hr for workin overtime IM WIIDDIT
Alright, the game is all up to this goalkeeper
Good gawd she is gorgeous
a shitty way to end a shitty day
so my daughter says I look better in person then in pictures.Not sure to be offended or not
if me and young Harry son rock a double this year all hell might break loose
let me go relieve my anger @ the gym !!
Damn smh. I feel lowkey bad when I hit somebody wit that \"who is this\" but I don't cause I don't save shit
Apparently I'm the most interesting thing in Lost Hills, California because people at this convenience store won't stop staring.
Run as much as you run you will get what allah will give you? So love what you do until you get what you love
What if flowers thank us for picking them... They'll only die if we don't take care of them.
Fans of The Beatles, if you haven't watched Good Ol' Freda, it's a Netflix must.
The fact that i did not attend Ziggy Marley is thoroughly disappointing
Mondays are the best b\/c Andi &amp; beautiful men
It wasn't lebron fault spurs just deeper and better
i'm very passionate about male crop tops
You know, if you don't want me around, please say so.
Like damn someone come on an adventure with me
My mom just said I look stoned. I wish.
Imagine if everyone was always themselves
If you have a graph monitoring graphite- how does it tell you that graphite went down?
A store that sells model airplanes and super sculpy is mad that women are having pre-marital sex\/exist at all
I knew we was gonna stop talking after that
I just want the U.S to open up better than Spain did
Wishful thinking Heat Fans!
But tomorrow everyone crying including me
Sitting here with morning cup of water
i have a bruise on my vagina from falling out the window
Clint Dempsey.... Nuff said
You suck Ronaldo.
right is packed and busy
She got a neck tattoo &amp; all her clothes are new
Hot 97 got me in tears right now
Messi woulda scored, js.
Scary af when you're getting chased by motorcycles with bikers who have guns and you're riding a tricycle and get pedal in a dream
I don't know what my future holds, but I do hope you're there.
Presh off the runway
some of the best moments in life are the ones you can't tell anyone about &lt;3
My mom and my grandma were both stalking family members on my mom's fb rn. I just walked upstairs bc what really can you do in that moment?
Self harm more like self harmony am I rite
I won't say which movie this is in, but I'm not a fan of that new Transformer named Subtweet.
still feeling like i'm gonna pass out from the gym
Drinking alone in a bar to reevaluate your life seems a little counter intuitive
I will miss nobody, we will all be reunited in hell
HAHAHAHAHAHA big nobes Rollin through the barrrrn haven't seen that dude in a minute!!! What a veteran
Life is good! \": Hey! Thanks for the RT! How do you do? :)\"
Ronaldo's a fucking bum
CMON WE CAN DO THIS. HES AT NUMBER 2 OMG
kalau yang sudah follow aku makasih ya,,,,,\n ingat hari sabtu puasa ya
Just to let you girls know guys like it when you text first
if anyone happens to see a little black Scottish terrier running around Cinnaminson please let me know
i love that the pictures my bf likes on Instagram come up in my following again
woah she knows how to DM omg
That was nice...
Damm and I'm still on your side how ? And why? Idk but still can't just let go like that even though I should
People I follow consist of:\n1. Teammates\n2. Mormons\n3. People I feel obligated to follow
Today is a day you will never get to do over again. Make it count.
Why can't gunna just love me
Can't wait to get this chem test over with
Nothing more dangerous then a mom Ina mini van
I honestly cannot wait till tomorrow holy fuck
Sooo watchaa wanna doooo, lets just run girl.
\": don't wanna be home rn\"
I can't believe I just broke my toe
Lol i hate when people give me compliments idk why I ways tell them to shut up
J'ai pris un rythme de sommeil de batard c'est incroyable
First time walking around Embarcadero at this hour..main question why is everyone out for a jog instead of at one of these happy hours..
Different beat Little Mix
Damn, why everyone up? Bc summer.
\"I really hope heaven isn't real, because if it is, I'm never gonna see it\"
determined to get this guy.
Kobe knows wus good.\n\nYou runnin w the lions now. Whether you know it or not.
Let's be cops looks mad funny
Im a stoner not a alcoholic!
smack ass friday
my mom stays taking advantage, then she wonders why I'm never home.
Dean Ambrose is a throw back to territory days.
Because I care too much, care too much.
.I'm sure you guys are 100% behind so the question is will you guys be flying solo until it's resolved?
Neuer is what hitler envisioned as the perfect human specimen
My menstrual emotions are all over the place and my mind is rushing. Someone distract me please! Haha
DEMPSEY IS THAT GUY
I knew this day would come again
in da hood w my niggaz strapped up w them poles
Kyle you know you just kissed your stalker right? Oh okay girl I was just making sure...
Andi needs to learn how to wear a scarf
\": changing in the car is horrible\"lol y u changing ina car ?
HOW IMMATURE ARE YOU BY CALLING SOMEONE OUT THAT HAS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU. DAMN LET A NIGGA LIVE
I don't always get pimples but when I do they are in the weirdest spots.
Man Gabe switched my Avi to his Avi wtf lol
New York is the best city in the world, I don't know if il ever leave this place..
Dont try and add me on facebook. I removed you for a reason asshole.
I want Ihop :( .. And a screwdriver.
No te creas tan importante .
I FINALLY FOUND MY PHONE. IT WAS IN THE FRIDGE HAHAHAHHA
beyond the point of caring lmaooo
Grcias por compartir momentos tan hermosos con migo , te amo mi vida
It's this nigga on the train rapping out loud taking selfies and wearing two du-rags. \n\nOnly in the Bronx.
Holy shit holy shit HOLY SHIT DEMPSEY!
mmm to watch the Germany game or go to the gym.. Decisions.
I can't walk from how sore I am rn
There isn't such thing as hard &amp; easy conflicts, there are solvable conflicts and then you have ones that you can do nothing about.
Hahahahahahahahahaahhahh MY GOD I LOVE LIFE
omg this heat makes me sooo cranky
I don't remember changing my profile picture last night
Ginobli!!!!!! Fuckin raw
when did the \"fuck yeah Rochester\" tumblr turn from proud photos of crumbling buildings and infrastructure to chemtrail conspiracy pictures
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!!!
I stay high like giraffe pussy
I love how we got into a fight one night and you tell me not to talk to you yet you favorite and like my shit
Is \"ankle breaking\" a thing in soccer?
I forgot all about Ashley's graduation :(
That's the thing about recovery, it's never ending. There's always that promise of falling back into old ways.
Honestly I'm just looking for a girl that will listen to YMCMB with me.. It seems damn near impossible to find that these days.. :(
I have the best sister in the world
summer's good at showing me how much I hate makeup, regular clothes, and being healthy
She asked \"how a sexy man like you bored?\" That's a good question..
I hate mom's 8:45 games because I hate being at the house by myself late at night.
Chris Rock is too perfect for this
At last messi. What a shot
I need more friends forreal though
three people from my past randomly popped up within the past week and it's annoying cause.. y'all had your chance.
Today nobody had time for the kid now everybody wanna make plans for tomo lol no bye
Everyone is watchinf the world cup at my house &gt;~&gt; DAMNIT
The only person with whom you have to compare yourself with is you in the past
My show is on booya!
really just ran outside celebrating omg
God was definitely looking out for benzino
On , driver telling us Richmond station is closed due to a fatality
Take me back to hogwarts
But really, where do all my chapsticks go?
I love -ing
Damn Jack Swagger injured Bad News Barrett smh the ref put up the \"X\" to signal a real injury.
Mi Mente Analiza &amp; Me Dice q' ....
Probably going to end doing absolutely nothing this weekend yay
I'll take and today by I'm really rooting for to upset!
Onigga \": 8. Name an artist who doesn't deserve the hype he\/she is given.\"
I feel as though my chipotle today is well deserved after this long day
COME ON !!!! I BELIEVE !!!!!
Boring as fuck gunna hit up the gym soon .. Watchin Yankees right now
Ugh I hate soccer
Bitches be so made up on these social sites. They make up stories, Issues, fake probs, fake dude be on em. Smh C'mon son u hoes is LAME!!
Watching a grown woman throw a tantrum because she fucked up her own nail.
Zendaya: *lightly runs a finger through her hair*\nTaylor: *dramatically does a 360 turn with her head to flip her hair*
eu preciso assistir pelo menos mais umas duas aulas de literatura hoje
Thank god I'm out of work and have next 2 days off
Yooo di Maria good shit! !
Wednesday it will rain so I'm hype
Not how my summer was suppose to pan out at all
Today is the day we shotgun cheap beer from Walmart, clog arteries with barbecue, and blow our hands off with fireworks. Because MERICA!
Jhene Aiko on the BET Awards got my toes curling girl girl giiiirrl!
I said ooh ooh you got me in the mood mood
\"Hay que saber elegir con quien complicarse la vida.\"
Detective Amaro is definitely always getting fucked over because he is so gorgeous
I need a 12 hour battery tbh
Fuck I'm exhausted and all I've done is sit in the couch
Never waste time on someone who don't make time for you.
So is anybody gonna do anything tonight or nah cause I'm not trying to sit home
I loved that Tyrion killed his father on Fathers Day.
Somebody left they scooter at the park shit mines now
The NYU washing machine basically shredded my last cross country shirt
I was just assaulted by several minor league baseball players while unicycling in a giant hot dog costume
Vegas next weeeek. Ready to TU with my sexy giiirls
Nothing but, Goodmornin post on my tl.
Chavala hp que no me deja dormir -.- jaja :*
Now i really cant wait to leave nothin here for me
You can hol me down but I'm not ya home
The fact that my fridge is down stairs kills me
WTF was the Portugal goal keeper doing? LOL
RIP He DJ'ed my set that night. shit wasn't even a fuckin month ago. still can't believe you gone bro. damn
She wrapped in foil... I hope someone comes with olive oil.
LOUIS'S HAIR IS SO FUCKING HOT IDK ITS JUST THE HAIR AND TIGHT CLOTHING AND TATTOOS AND HIS FIGURE JUST GIVE YOU SUCH A BAD BOY LOOK HOLY
Thats a dangerous play why home boy leg was so high for ?
OMG so much pain. Rolling on the floor
moving into a dark place, as he flaunts his , ways and we pay for his foreign policy .
No one care about my Samsung Gear Live... Everyone ask me question about Glass.
Always love getting a random call, just random! Love it! Thanks !
Shidd I'm trying to get to where you at !
I swear this day just gets more and more annoying.
This departure from SJ has never felt this difficult. Leaving family and friends this time feels different. Different in a bad way.
is my head shape even right for it
You guys kind of f****** suck new age Yankees
I mean, it's great for John Green and all of the sad people who've never read LFA, but I'm personally upset by this news.
might take nap number 2 today.
what no one seems to understand is that this wouldn't be a fucking fight with rules and shit, bout to be 30 v 8 in a fucking alley
I wonder what Olivia had on Raquel!
although kermit definitely is a tea man
Lmaooo i guess she really dont
I love not having school anymore
Observations poem \/\/\/ adults drunk in street for soccer \\\\\\\\\\ teens drunks in street for pride \\\/\\\/\/\\ everyone drunk in street
Sometimes i wanna sit in my room and cry for days
Bout to take the most legit shower of my life
Since my kitchen is under construction and I can't find anything I'm stuck eating food out of a cup because my mom hid the bowls
Only thing I fucking care about is money and me
I didn't even bother watching the , because the doesn't have what it takes to compete against the
Como Se Cura Una Herida? -Buenas Noches!
I was gonna get out of bed and get ready for the day, then I realized France v. Germany was on. Beer and ESPN it is.
\"What was quagmires last name?\" - jasmine.
\": cutting people off is easy , don't tempt me.\" damn straight
I've started flossing regularly. I don't care for it. If I wanted to go to bed with blood in my mouth I'd get into a bar fight
Praying for a healthy baby boy
What y'all download for y'all emojis
When people pull the race card in ANY situation I have no problem calling it out. Idc if you're purple, white, gray, tan, black, green etc.
Why do you have to do that?
Spam that canned\nPork? that turns \nInternet users into \nThe famed insects\nWrought w bacterial\nInfection that crystallize\nAnd grow stems
Soccer players reacted to getting hit before they get hit.
Lmao I'm surprised I'm awake
I've always thought that Soundwaves voice in the 1984 transformers was so badass.
i need to see 22 jump street ASAP
stop RT'ing those sexual gifs and just go out and do it
This set threw down was so deep &amp; everything me needed except the crowd didn't appreciate it !!
Today I've committed to doing pct in 2016!
WHY THE FUCK IS KATE BACK
Big congrats to my friend and coworker on getting married yesterday to a remarkable woman\/temporary chauffeur.
Really hoping this weather clears up for tm
Last few days in SH! Come to Publick house tonight!!
I wonder what lebron thinks of all the memes that are made of him
- You and your sister are both odee pretty . Hmu
I specifically ordered enough Thai food at lunch so I could have it again for dinner. Guess who left dinner in the office refrigerator?
Messi has the wackest nickname
Ms. Lagana and Mrs. Newton are on our flight and are staying at the same hotel as us
I'm that nigga trynna holla to get some bread
I see people I went to high school with and woof they did not age well.
I spent all my money and I got paid Friday. It's Monday.
Moira's hair has gotten so long, it's so pretty.
He says he can make me happy, we'll see
When couples hardcore make out at my job @
Thankful my dog has the reflexes and interest to eat any fly that comes in my room.
UVA is looking like the titanic right now. Go Dores!
Every time I listen to Sick I get so goddamn stoked to see on July 12th
Yo dorney park yesterdayyyy. There was this one ride, made my soul leave my body.
Let's go (team playing Heat)
flyers fans not to happy huh
All the broken hearts in the world still beat
don't wanna leave to get food but if someone wants to bring some over I will pay :~&gt;
.Great pic &amp; comment. Where did you find it?
Bad man Jermaine!
Bosnia goes 5-hole
Slept so hard mothereffers wanna fine me. But srsly. Woke up and had no idea where I was or what day it was. Needed it.
The goes live in an hour. Watch this space for the link. Watch us talk about !
no I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it
Always want what I know I can't have
There you go Messi!!!
OMFG BEN WHY DID YOU ORDER THAT MUCH PRODUCE......FUCK MAN
NSA scandal changed Silicon Valley \"fundamentally\" bc now tech companies boast about encryption etc, 's says.
Let me reiterate something...if you don't know the words, stay home!
Why are all the stars twitter accounts getting hacked? lol
this heat makes me so aggy.
Even SAO as background noise annoys the hell outta me
In the gym going hard Planet Fitness
Eye contact is it's own secret language n i love it
Need an L
She don't love me like she say she love me
A morning walk always helps to increase mental and physical health!
Just got a needle to the spine...and they gave me a regular bandaid and not one with cartoons.
Is there a game on or something...?
Meryl Streep is playing a rock star, married to Kevin Kline in a movie written by ....I am having trouble processing this
Dempsey right back out there
Being at the skatepark feels weird
Lol at Ronaldo
Tonight just got so real
Feels like winter in California OMG
I asked my mom to get me yogurt covered pretzels and she got the ones that taste like butthole
I'm in a great mood right now with nothing to do
Why cab drivers are starting to try &amp; have conversations like dude I want to listen to music I don't want to talk
Usually a pretty decent strike if the goalie doesn't move at all lol
Sleepless nights oh how I missed you so
Lebron is going back to Cleveland for sure now
Fuck this messi shit, is better
looking to retitle myself at work. down to 'chief of chaos' or 'lord of flies.' thoughts? could combine, I guess...
one time I played retch around these locals and all they did was bitch about how much he sucks and his beats are annoying
\": I love twitter bc I meet actually people I like and that aree actually attractive\" rft!!!
We're disturbing all of North Windsor :\/ sorry
Im so broke guys when I get home il be opening up twerking lessons for a small fee. Sign up now to get a spot!!
I'm going to sleep in tomorrow, I don't care what it takes...
Sometimes you have to reject what you have internalized to promote self love and self worth!
Last night was such an experience
Greg Holland has no clue how to field his position at all.
Chingy Pandora literally is like taking a time machine back in time.
Not a soccer fan but...
Just hope the Heat get Melo, trade bosh and for some role players
My phone is more live at 1am when I'm not even awake than all damn day
Had a bomb ass torta rn.
Nothing weird about my brother playing gta completely naked..?
Hoagiefest is the only time a sub is allowed to be called a hoagie
YOU KNOW WHO TRULY DOESN'T GIVE A FUCK?? KALE.
Will there still be Heat \"fans\" left when LeBron leaves?
I hate when both my phones bout to die at the same time
First extra base hit off a lefty all year for ducas luda
I just wanna thank God
Studying isnt gonna help at this point so im jus gonna wing it
Turning up at work today on Fourth of July
\"When you brush your teeth, that's an Ideological State Apparatus\"
Just gonna sit aside and llurk for a bit
Ya virginness don't count RT : I'm not on there so it's not a real show RT : A show about virginity ....
Putting funny Polaroids in random D&amp;D apparel orders. You're welcome.
I hope he realizes how great he did and that he should be very proud of himself.
Really though. The worst thing is being gassy and having the hiccups.
Deandre yedlin is bae
spurs ending dreams of 3 peat tonight I had spurs in 6 but way they been playing they don't need 6 games
My room always smells good
I'm tryin to plan a San Fran trip
You always try to see yourself, through the eyes of someone else. Too shy to say that you need help, you &amp; everybody else
Hooked on Walking Dead all over again
Someone else plz tweet about the BET awards tonight plz plz plz
Sucks having to go to sleep like this
Lord Disick driving a pick up truck is the funniest thing ever
The important thing is to not panic &amp; eat your kale.
Why do random ass accounts favor my tweets
Like this one retard shared a video of a massacre in Indonesia all willy nilly.
Day 3: completed.
When you stop being convenient &amp; Beneficial you see who's really there for you!
Who wants to go grab brueggers quick
Sugar looka tamarind let we ball up
The Irish guy who is on NBC for Notre Dame football and St. Patty's parade is calling the World Cup on ESPN radio. We made it!
7 days, 16 hours, 16 minutes until
I'm always in the mood for cereal
\": its a turn on to hear a black man say he loves black women \"
Must suck to have to do a research paper tonight
well there goes my social life for the next 48 days.
Niggas talk shit til they get lockjaw
For Triple-A Lehigh Valley 25 yr old OF Leandro Castro in his last 5 games- 11-for-22 (.524 avg), 4 doubles, HR, 3 RBI.
Did they just put on a stretcher for a hammy? Seriously when does fooball start
I go back to work tomorrow. Crap &gt;.&lt;
My sister told me to stop eating big bags of candy and to go find myself a nerdy girl.
My parents considered going to chipotle for their 30th wedding anniversary today
Meet the parents is hands down... no questions asked... kill ya self if you disagree... Jay -z's best song
But he didn't exactly say lets go on a date
This isnt over you just wait.
\": Nigga fuckin the game\" all the way up
Why isn't there a lobster emoji
\": I'll come\" we can go 50\/50 on gas and tolls!
wow that actually got me pissed. lol
IF I PAUSE MY SHOW TO TEXT U BACK ITS REAL AF
\": miss you nigga\"same nigga let's kick it this weekend!
I mean I don't want to be 'that guy' who has to complain everything something fun happens but jesus i hate what tumblr has done to jjba
Idk how niggas go out and party in this weather! Tonight is a total sit home and smoke weed night haha
So bored I fuckin hate the bachelorette I wanna play video games
Please follow me Carter ily
And here's to me never saying anything to you about personal shit again.
So many ppl at the gym literally not one treadmill open WTF
Trying to not get my hopes up
\"I'm cuddly bitch, deal with it\"
I can still make you ____ and I can still make you laugh
That moes does not look good. What a tough competitor though.
Ummm I'm offended by this couple pairing
Best thing about being in jersey is not having to get out and pump your gas in the rain
I'm not gunna cause you know I promised and because I owe it to Jose to atleast be kind
This heat makes me tired
Them Spanish girls love me like i'm Aventura.
R E S P E C T FIND OUT WUT IT MEANS 2 ME
LETS GO USA
Reading old messages and wondering where it all changed.
pulled up in my hood with all my chains on.
I always feel like there's someone better than me.
I have an undying love for Robot Chicken
Por mi lo pasado se fue a la basura :))
Can't believe I haven't slept like at all
KING LIL JAY X LAKESIDE \"CHIRAQ REMIX NLMBK DISS\" (EDIT &amp; SHOT BY ) ,,
Someone come see A Day To Remember with me in September. Tickets are only $50 for the pit. Please!?
Still passing as 11 to get half off at this hotel
So glad to have the whole family back home :)
having a twix on the quad is always appropriate at such an hour
In the stall at Barnes and Noble, man in stall humming National Anthem
If I had a dollar for everytime someone stopped me while I was walking Bella, I'd never have to work again
No plans today doesn't mean to not crack open a beer
the poop emoji has a smiley face on it :')
Second night on a couch. Send neck rubs stat!
I was gonna do something productive but then I got ...Netflix
Every time I come on here I just get pissed the fuck off so on some realshit I'm off this twitter shit I'll do ma thing on the low
Paskel pako famous yo pas kitem fin wel
Woke up to hear someone yelling outside \"I would have won so many duels\"
I think today was the best day of my life so far. Top that, Thursday.
Im the Best time of life nice vibes literately saw asap rocky school boy q asap ferg and mob ,ab soul &amp; more. Thank you I'm truly blessed
CLINT FUCKING DEMPSEY!!!!!!'
is sure to be full of and I cannot wait!
Don't think I've ever ran that fast
Anybody can get blammed... Just gotta call my hittas
Why is he still wearing their warmup tops?,
by far the worst monday in history (my life). this day slayed me. slayyyyyyyyed.
15min of bliss can be ruined by an alarm clock
Literally my mom is doing my homework for me. But why is she so perfect?
So pissed I'm not in seaside with Alyssa
The amount of shit the people r talking about the heat is great
I pray to god I never piss test
hey at soffff can u plz go get me a drank
It's weird how depression and feeling weird hit everybody at the same time. pero queriamos EDC....
Um no dont kiss my boyfriend
What the fuck, who let them on stage looking like this... Ewlk
Could this day get any worse? :'( I just want to go to sleep
Cause if you loved me.. Why'd you leave me?
just talked on the phone for 3.5 hours...that's when you know I care
\"True wisdom begins when we accept things the way they are.\"
my new favorite thing to do when I'm sad is go to the river and look at how funny peoples arms look when they're running its working alright
Westchester is so beautiful
Can I have a guy friend that loves fashion as just as I do?
\"Yeah I'm insane but my intentions are gold and my heart is pure\"
The stretchers are so weird
\": \" without the a ?
I need a girls night soonn
The struggle: Trying not to squirm around whilst getting a pedicure.
I'm sorry but Paul George is nowhere as nice as they make him in 2K
Beyond happy with the decision I made
What a bitch that dude isn't even hurt I fuckin hate when soccer players exaggerate their injuries
I'm so glad I have her
Shawty really be making a nigga wait longer then section 8 for the pussy lmfaoo
Why is portugal's back line a brick wall.......
so should I ask them all if they might be having an allergic reaction?
Warm summer air at nighttime is a reason to be happy
\":If my husband doesn't cry when he sees me walk the aisle, I'm turning around.\" Lol if a girl think this then IM turning around
I wonder how long it will be until that quiz is not a gimme. Any guesses?
Try to decide my miniature picture language, you stupid humans.
Hate today weather want winter back
I'm swiping right to everyone on tinder just to make my night a little more exciting
Stephanie McMahon in a pool of pudding. This is why I love !
That was a weak ass comeback from
She's Crying ... Ya Gonna Throw Shade?
Why are some guys so afraid to express how they feel? Act like its gay to love a female....
Last words was i love you please dont go i need you. Next day she died
just had a fucking asthma attack in my car... lovely
11 days until SAO 2 fffff
Las ganas de hablarte, de probarte aunque sea un poquito
Memories that'll last a life time
Snapchat ya girl &amp; cure the boredom. Ohhmyween
I sound so mean but I've been through hell and back !!
Haven't had White Castle in a min
lol at some Americans that think US will win the world cup this year
look friendly ... these tourists will ask for help at some point... they'll pay too
Messi got kinda lucky, that was going wide
Like I'm not fasting either &amp; I am eating too, but I have some courtesy. I'm not gonna sit in front of your face &amp; eat your favorite foods.
Im not looking for a relationship, but if you were with me, id be ready.
Bases loaded for
it looks like i found alternative way to be happy - to forget about the most important thing for and enjoy the rest of the things. stupid?
I love smelling like sun screen.
i hope you all realize failure only makes lebron and his team better.l he'll be back next year
I get it, you have an old woman's conservative view of gender &amp; I've told you that your opinion is valid, however narrow minded.
i don't want to miss you, but i do.
Don't claim hip-hop when you only hop to what's hip
I have a shit load of kimchi in my fridge, have barely touched it since Gsu left qq
A because she see august did a cry she a cry to enuh !
Cause it's a Wednesday night right, I understand I guess.
Girl did not age well that dress looks horrible on her :\/
I think I'm the whitest Spanish girl you'll ever meet
Sometimes you have to do what keeps you sane...even if no one else understands...
Consider that boost has best internet for the cost and while can watch porn that never will freeze? Yo what up really I got pay
I plead to those who call for blood, stop! Find other ways to bring these men who done wrong to justice. Bring honor to our boys!
Jozy is dead. Rip jozy.
today's run was interrupted by a Charlie horse in my calf. Still got 2.6 miles in at 10:39 pace
I'm always scared that something is going to happen at night I will forget my glasses which means I would be blind
Wade look like he about to cry.
Lunch at 2:30 with the Cuzmos...
Karrueche Is BAD AF Idc If She Look Like Shredded Paper
I'm going to go to Chick Fil-A today..don't make me go alone
I am so happy
As you can see CRAFT was used freely to describe his bullshit. So I then asked a friend who is a cpu wiz to lend a helping hand
Woooohoooo what a goal!!!!!!!!!
You not into nothing anymore.
What is this sleep thing of which people speak? It's - who needs sleep?!?! I'll sleep when it's Thursday!
Thinking about last year on No panty day!!! AHAHAHA fuckin epic!! Woke up a hot mess after a night out with
Only watching this because of Chris Rock
It's funny how once you stop talking to a guy they got so much bad shit to say about you but you not even worried about them
I'm awake now
I managed to convince some rando at wawa to buy me my sub last night cause he didn't buy me a drink on my birthday.. casual
I don't even tweet anymore. I just watch y'all niggas stress over little shit... then I laugh, shake my head, and keep scrolling.
Will Smith's kids got fucking problems I'm sorry they just too fucking weird for me b
When we pretend that we're dead
im tryna find excuses to get out of the house just to wear these fuckin' birkestocks.
A woman's legs can make or break her chances
She choke on it like smoke dog ..
If you selected magazine subscriptions as a \"reward\" for a survey, beware. They will auto-renew, charging your credit card. \"TWX\" in NY.
\": &amp; are people you have to tell ahead of time that you want to go somewhere.\" true or no?
Mass Effect 2 and Pacific Rim end essentially identically.
From now on everyone has to treat like a dog.
That song has meaning to it.
What the fuck is this household that I live in
Your little games are working. But I'm sorry. I don't want a BOY. I want a MAN.
New York go out and vote
What's good can u teach me the aggie fight song again
I could get lost forever, but leave me with my dog and I swear I'll be alright lol
Karli Redd always Tryna do something smhh
Sometimes the way you think about a person isn't the way they actually are
Whatever. I'm in a bad mood.
Migraine by Twenty One Pilots has been on replay in my head since last night
Lmaoo I say the stupidest shit ever but only realize it's stupid after I say it lol
Up late like I don't have work at 8am tomorrow who's up can't sleep lol
i told you so many times already i'm done with ya but somehow you still keep on trying
Need someone to chill with when I get off. Having a rough night lol
oomf is hot af &amp; if you think its you its not
2 weeks in a row of live tweets...
I don't talk about my feeling &amp; emotions cause you've made it VERY CLEAR that you don't give a fuck.
81' Brooklyn's Jme Amoako receives a yellow card for a reckless tackle
i'm really just winging it at life at this point
its goin down on oak street rn.
IF FRANKIE DID NOT WIN TEAM AMERICA I WILL CRY
If this bitch do one more fuckin selfie
I'd show you because it's fucking uncanny but you'd probably be offended.
THE REFS DIDNT EVEN CALL A FOUL!!
j'espere trop pouvoir gagner l'album de Baptiste &lt;3
Ahran was being such a brat but if course they'd take her side...they're just jealous cause they know is a great chef
Not gonna lie, What I've Done sung by Ryan Key totally made my day
I swear my bus driver purposely goes in every hole .
Brought up the fact that Saturday is my last party and I'm done. She was like \"yeah right. You're gonna turn into an alcoholic. What do you
Fuck this game. Smfh
Finally free of the bullshit.
OMG haven't seen Rick in so long !!!!!
when you secretly get some satisfaction in knowing that your ex's life is going downhill, and he personally tells u dis.
proud of myself - I've stopped to fall in love with some specific type of men.. too personal, but some of you should know
Jones holy shit!!
\"I never enjoy anything, I'm always waiting for what's next..\"
Lights will guide you home and ignite your bones and try to fix you
My boyfriend &amp; this whole having a daughter thing is annoying as fuck. NO NO NO.
Gave him a break from my crazy ass and just stopped talkin to em for a whole week now.
\": I just turned 40. This is awkward.\" Happy birthday. I guess...? You're right.
I wanna go cliff jumping
Happy 4th Of July America !
Well then my mistake . Apologies:). Love your show- hope I can make it to y'all's Comic Con panel!
I didn't know it was okay to get fucked up with your friends during Ramadan but it's not okay to spend a little more time with your gf
\"I'm like blind and I forgot my glasses so I'm just gonna drive with my eyes closed the whole way home\"
Guys graphic tees are always so much better\/funnier than the ones for girls
MTV has no originality anymore bring back jersey shore lmfao
That dude Dempsey!!!
can you take me higher?!?! DELTA PSI DELTA PSI DELTA PSI \n
CAPTAIN AMERICA CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!!!!!!
I'm still tired
Great to see our friend at lunch today!
Bu daha baslangic. Bu camiaya yasattiginiz herseyin hesabini bir bir vereceksiniz!!
i stay lowkey,\ni'd rater be a \"nobody\"\nthen have everybody tryna be in business
Yo living with my brother fucking blows mine od this nigga a faggot
Expand your circle they said .. I tried .. Keep my circle small they said .. I tried .. Cut niggas off they said.. I'm doing that now
I'm not gonna lie, I almost didn't want to do day three because my legs hurt so bad but I did it !
Break = never ever getting back together. Fuck that break shit.
My dad just tried taking my keys away hahahahhahaha
And even though you tell me it another 2 times chances are I still don't and won't remember it haha life's funny sometimes.
Bend it like Jones!!!!
&amp; i might be okay, but im not fine at all
Lmao my girl maggie man. She da bessst
I really wanna get another henna tattoo.
Yall play too damn much! So now Oprah posted bail for Lmaooooo why is his name ???? I can't damn breathe!!!'
These girls are straight hoes get outta my pool ya smuts
Question as to why Jorge just Facebook messaged me
there would be a Taco Bell right next to the temple
Am I the only person baffled by the lack of a REPL in Perl?
Holy fucking shit. Get cancer. Commit suicide get fucking murdered. DIE LIKE FUCKING BYE YOU COCK SUCKER.
Don't let me fool you, I'm a terrible person
I need a plan for the 4th of July ...
I need sierras mom to pierce my nose asap
Why lie when you can just ignore... duhhhhh
My niggas don't play soccer. So we don't like to kick it.
Today was a friendly reminder of why I haven't squatted since high school
Cena promo = cure for my insomnia!
Lebron wants to cry so bad u can see it
But I thought he was King (ally)
My hobbies include bruising easily, being a bitch &amp; never being able to sleep
I hope I never feel the way I do now ever again
Walmart run to get chicken wing dip ingredients because there's nothing else to do at 11:30
Ann is dumb for not having twitter.
If you hit me up we gonna talk if not I'm coo with that we won't talk at all :)
I wish I wasnt special ed so I didn't have to wake up at 6 in the morning to take the ACT when evryone else is sleeping. Ugh am I senior yet
Long as you got me, you don't need nobody.
Saw Boo from OITNB.... I can die happy now
I have a bad habit of calling my dog silly
We want a team full of Nani! Said no one ever
Rubber ducky you're the one, you make bath time so much fun. (Bart &amp; Erine's voice\/ Seasme Street co)
A 6th grader ran a 11:09 2 mike and a 2:19 800
throw your hands in the ayer if yous a true player
Alright alright I think we have like a 10th capt merica
Its a shootout, GRC v CRC
Heading into the city for the weekend!
You know I love you if I buy you Starbucks lol.
I'm parked outside my house with the sunroof open, listening to Moon River...wow my life
These players from Ghana need to stop falling down
I question my sanity on occasion
Yoooo rick ross is soo sick
just TRUST me, LOVE me , FUCK me, thats what our oinkDboys WANT and CRAVE
\"First off...let me just say, I. Love. Ping pong!\"
Wish I could get snuggle once in a while
PKs are probably the most stressful thing ever
The rent too high, the wage too low. The top five stupid songs up on your radio. I don't like
I spent all morning slaving over a hot oven to bake a cake for his last day of work and he leaves early without the cake
I want some In and Out so bad
i thought v was cool with red guess not if she comes beating her with a sock
We know you have breasts ladies. Stop posting them :-)
Wade is washed anyway
So proud of my friends Troy and Sean. Sean so far.
Tu vivias en Cristo rey -.-
My stomach hurts no matter whattttt I eat, what is wrong with me!? :(((
Dead dead dead dead dead dead dead
Greatful to have woken up to another day
Bug bites on my feet n my face WHY
Why tf pics I don't delete always disappear from my page but show up in view more photos \n\nThat's dumb
Let's see if I can ever remember how to play borderlands.
you know i care about you when i suck my pride up and apologize, bc i'm stubborn af.
So much anxiety from this movie
But I miss her pretty smile, and I'm coming back in a little while.
Can someone spot me 20 credits on gb so I can do this 2v2? I'll give you 50% of what I make if we win.
Beyond the light finna be a good ass movie
why am I already up? lol
I kinda sorta want to go to Pismo
I can't say it enough, some of you females look just ridiculous with all that makeup on.. tone it down a few coats..
thanks for the reminder MJ that we graduated high school 5 years ago today
Red white and blueberry beer at 11:30 am.
Thank God I'm not in LA all the Mexicans going crazy
tomorrow I will dedicate my whole day to A song of Ice and Fire. Bc fiction is better than reality and I need to keep up with the Lannisters
Hahaha you're a fucking dead beat hood rat. Foh
Clint Dempsey with a in 20 seconds
I feel like I'm in Modesto but I'm still pretty far
Dang yesterday i felt bad , now she not feeling good sheesh ...
Everyone's freaking out about soccer and I'm over here still trying to figure out how the Rangers lost
I guess I deserved that one...
\": If Subban came to Washington I'd streak across I-95 nude.\"\n
First Altidore now Dempsey
.are coming to the in September, I don't even care what happens for the rest of the day
This girl chewing gum while working out at the gym is really burning those calories.
After a long day getting my back massaged is the best feeling in the world.
All of a sudden I'm getting random IG requests
Shits so ass
I swear I'm just gonna delete every social network way to much drama involved
You know you're old when you start listening to the traffic patterns on the radio
Wat time game cum on???
While we're on the subject of stats, the are 100% in not making the playoffs when Tim Lincecum throws a no-hitter.
Let's go France!!! vs
I have watched so much degrassi in the past few days. A shameful amount.
Sitting here watching mad makeup tutorials.
I don't understand why my step mother insists on waking me up it's fucking annoying I need sleep.
Hair cut is so on point
Arnold from Hey Arnold has to be the realist homie a guy could have!
USA THAT WAS BEAST MODE
can we just play the whole Graduation album when we \"practice\" tomorrow
The CWS is 400x better to watch then the World Cup!
Everybody says they want to get out of Temecula, but then they all go to NAU with the same people... What's the point?
Hot and humid conditions
Praises to the most high
Day 4 of being completely sober is tomorrow. Feels good. Cause I'm just gonna trash it this weekend anyway.
Just started playing Outlast and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have a heart attack or pee myself before I'm done.
Running and running and running and stop. Come on we both knew this thing would be hard.
i just went lyle thompson on a bunch of lil 8th graders
That last tweet hit character count perfectly
Holy shit what the fuck was that
Taking My Parents to the Castro: An Amusing Reverse-Anthropological Experience or a Really Bad Idea?
\": How's everyone liking this episode so far though? \" its AH-MAZING
happy birthday to the bro for life wish I was there to celebrate with you
How do you spell Caucasian ... CAW....
But, I'm grateful to have someone so loving and perfect to call mine.
Flash flood warning...off to work I go!
Tim Howard is a fucking idiot CLEAR THE BALL BITCH
Que bronca me da el viejo puto de gardim
Bosh got Genobli'd
ahora mami se pasa el dien entero en chat.
Just helped a girl with her outfit for a party...?
How deep is our bond if that's all it takes for you to be gone?
My two-letter username used to mean lots of random spam, now it's active harassment from everyone and anyone who wants it. Unfortunate.
I should probably get up and start getting ready
Omg that lady on the pole was hilarious lol. Love and Hip hop Atlanta
I've been up since 430 ready for work and I get to work at 5 and now they are telling me there is no work for today.
Debating if I should post a picture of my new hair style
Nothin says summa like marinos Italian ice
Lmao I wanna see ninja turtles like it looks fun
They was nowhere to be found
Showtek &gt; Any other EDM artist. \n\nDon't fucking @ me.
This Spurs team may be one of the best ever. Coaching, role players, bench, defense, everything
This shit I'm taking is massive.
That starbucks hit the spot tho!
Polona Hercog def. Paula Ormaechea 6-4, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
I'm the only one to get the job done
Time to write my novel about a dog I want
That was fucking beautiful. YES USA.
I swear sometimes Ryan and Teresa are the same person. They try to surprise me but end up telling me what they got me. Lmfao.
And the kid just used in his speech
Sis came to the bathroom while i was using it and i dead looked at her eye while taking a dump
It's hard falling asleep without a goodnight text
my brother is so supportive. god, i seriously don't know what id do without him
Im not perfect ok v.v can someone just accept that
Sharing your Yo name on twitter kind of misses whatever function Yo could have had.
Cole is actually accurate Ilona that
I think I reached my low eating a \"Skinny Cow\" ice pop in my bed at 12am...
yo not feeling this new app, where's the option to browse your private tracks not in a playlist?
usa seems to not stop hurting themselves
Personally think Netherlands has had the sickest uniforms thus far; well aside from ours because, well, America
basketball all over my TL rn
Tomorrow! Stuff ya face w\/ free PRIDE cupcakes, getchya + groove on &amp; hang w\/ ! Ok?!
if you're a guy and you ask for nudes.. literally die
Every pub on the block just blew up... I guess the US is doing well
Now I will have to kill ya
Messi baby !!! boommmmmm
Today at work I rekindled a broken relationship between 2 co-workers which immediately led to arguments. Just call me Dr Philnegro
What mistakes could we make as a new corporate venture fund? 1. Underfund, 2. Don't get corporate mandate, 3. Hire shitty lawyers.
\": High heels used to be an essential accessory for horseback riders and weren't associated with being feminine.\"
New tonight ughh I can't wait to get home.
One step forward, two steps back
\"2 Countries that share a border, but not much else.\"\n\nLet's go Germany, fuck France up!
I'm the son of a third generation farmer
\"It is your constitutional right, to suck dis dick\"\n -
Someone's dressed up as Teddy Roosevelt I'm dead
Historical background on the story of Philip and the Ethiopian eunuch: eunuchs were slaves, but often had great learning and influence.
Fuck yes Dempsey.
I think this SCOTUS decision is dangerous for women's health. This is very bad.
I didnt mean to grab your but....... sorry
If you've never listened to a Funkadelic album, then idk how to tell you this but you are NOT living life to the fullest
Haha okay I'm done
Awesome food and ambience at Belmont
Amoo Karim's wife is a pshycalogyst.
There was a fly twerkin all over my window... I grabbed my phone to film it... he jumped away... I screamed... now I tweet about it cuz ya..
I don't think anyone loves my sister more than
stalking game was not on point td
\"I need to redeem myself from how trashy I acted last night also I woke up with your sticky boobs on my foot\" -
I haven't got drunk in a long as time.
I know the way a nigga did u was wack, but you don't get a nigga back like that.
Happy B'day America! 238 and still looking beautiful!
Honestly thought the chem regents was Wednesday
\": so stay in NYC! :)\" got to go where ever the wind takes me! \\^o^\/
It's way to cold in ants room holy shit
I'm so tired why did I wake up fml
SO excited to see tonight in
I don't understand why things happened the way that it did today.
I want my wife to look like Stacy's mom
Cherish me now .....Cause tall gonna miss a nigga when he gone
my whole snapchat story is my pussy im sry for obsessing
Being forced to make awkward small talk with your old boss at a wedding.
I'm not playing hard to get I'm playing leave me the fuck alone
Holy shit this festival just went wild with that goal!
Guess it's true, I'm not good at a one-night stand \nBut I still need love 'cause I'm just a man\nThese nights never seems to go to plan
Facebook is lame. It's all about challenges and shit like that. IG getting lame too. It's a matter of time.
Dude some people are just hella fucking childish. Blows my fuckin mind.
im so used to my blonde hair now.. i think if i went back brown id feel weird
When your about to get you last kill streak and your gun runs out of ammo in a gun fight
Im talking to avery and shes ignoring me completely
and that moment was so hard for me to breathe cause you took away the biggest part of me
I'm really heartbroken I couldn't go to EDC LIKE YOU GUYS PLS
I hope she never grows out of that.
Lebron's shoulder is the size of my face
Just not feeling good tonight! Blah...probably just a combo of heat and fatigue! Was up pretty early this morning...
Let go USA
And I put way to much eyeliner on lol
And she got me up all night
HA! love this RT : PSA: The home of the New York Philharmonic is the \"Avery Fisher Hall\", not the \"Avery Fischer Hall\".
Get your geezer ass outta my face
I want to go see 22 jump street but I feel like everyone's already seen it.
Barry totally video bombed that 3 generations of SFGiants fans.
I'm so exhausted foreal. I need to get away.
I don't feel like talking to anybody at all, it's just one of them days.
\": I just want a guy that treats me right that's all I care about at this point\"
Me and Jahlae are having our future kids birthday party at Kidchella, it's the perfect place!
Why do I have so many people all over me, but the ones I want aren't???
One of these times I'll actually be able to tie down with you but I guess now isn't that time
if corporations could get pregnant, birth control would be free in all 50 states
Inning over but damage was done no no Cain
Someone upload it and send me it
I cannot stand living with dirty people, I'm literally the only person that cleans. You are a person not a pig so start living like one.
We'll needed blunt
Anyone a selling a convertible ? Or know anyone who is?
Life: 60% Band Baes 20% Wanting A BF\/GF 20% Food
for ghana looking silly on the field
It's only on BEING on the EDGE... that we KNOW who we REALLY are, huh!
Blasting Brittany Spears in the car? I'm ok with that
Aragorn is like Frodo's big brother :')
Messi is better than Ronaldo
I love it when you give me head, I hate it when you give me headaches
Oh god, I'm getting old. I was drafted for a neighborhood steering committee, to convene Thursday at the State Senate Building.
Things like this happen witch is why they shouldn't have cut Donavan
I just want my eye surgery already, I'm tired of glasses and contacts
FUCK YES!! WOOO
I can't believe how mean most of the contestants are on now resorting to cheating though they say it \"helping\"
Where is everyone shitting on Beasley after the Ghana game? Playing great tonight.
She sounds awful rn. Sounded better when she performed with Drizzy on SNL
22 jump street is happening at 9:45
\"More like Flash SWORDon\" was the best thing to happen in comics this week
People will dig their own graves into bad situations then look at the shovel like it's crazy smh
thank god for Netflix for insomnia nights
I think I have enough fortune cookie notes to do the project I've been wanting to do for a while
ay someone's literally breaking into my house rn
They Fucking Up !
\"Iris\" just came on my phone
See me with my side hoe and told my main bitch...Youz a bitch nigga
The fact that I still have to study ...
w understanding queens had that 90s soundtrack wVy
I dnt play. I put dudes on probation cuz sometimes u have to treat these dudes like the animals they are...
I need to do laundry tonight.
Putting that spell out there.
It's because it's Monday, isn't it? Mondays suck. Just like this game.
I'm really about to get kicked out of the house for not doing the dishes
y a des meuf qui sont sur plusieurs bord ... on vous voit
Well that was a great way of waking up...?
They're out there making it look EASY
Whats up with Apple 16GB iPhones but only having \"12.83 GB\" of available space? \n\nThe OS shouldn't take up that much space!
They like wtf is bet awards lmao
Thnx for such a wonderful walk down memory lane
Only into guys on okc that are wearing google glass
I need to lay off the burgers or my ass isn't gonna fit in any of my shorts
I got a bottle of wine netflix and no girlfriend
im nice at singing i perform at sweet 16s and quinces lemme know serious bookings or hit up my managers &amp;
Dammmmmmmmmmm at what I just seen on the gram!!!!!! Lord God bless that bathing suit sheesh
my mentions are so empty i need more mutuals ifb
I was looking at someone's disneyland photos and I've decided that I need to head down just to meet the capt. Americas\/Thor face character
I cant type in Bosnian without putting it in all caps lol
never even heard of this girl
If my life was like the show Blue Mountain State, I'd never wanna leave college lol
Nothing like riding in a taxi on a summer eve next to a garbage truck.
First kiss just like a drug
life is too short to think about if we should or should not,, sometimes all what we should do is take one more step ,,
The only reason I want to get married in Ulqin is because my wedding pictures would be amazing
HITS THE TRIFECTA IN HASLEM'S GODAMN EYE
\": Putting my tinder preferences to women aged 30-50 was top 5 decisions I will ever make in my life\"\n\nI did the same last week
Pun literally puts every hit of anything he smokes on his story.
When Poussey started singing amazing grace I honestly teared up.
ooh girl you shining like a fifth avenue diamond
When I go out to eat, I buy two meals.. one for now &amp; one for later because I know I'm going to be hungry later
That was your choice, you could of taken the bus.
This tan is making me look dirty
I'm tired of tasting saltwater from my eyes I'd rather be on my board tasting saltwater from the most beautiful place in the world
And jordie is no where to be found
Unless you respect me and have ambition and motivation to be succesful I don't want to even try for a relationship.
You know it's real when you don't have to question it because they have given you no reasons to doubt it
Favor this if u think they should make a music video for the national anthem
Too bad I'm talking about my daddy's t-shirt :-)
Many players felt the resort in Mangaratiba was too much like a holiday village and too isolated. Not to mention long distance travel.
How does James Bond do such athletic shit in a suit? I finally have one that fits well &amp; I can't raise a glass without feeling like a mummy.
\": Snupe killed Desean Jackson's lil nigga\" hell yah
miss the way you loved me too much
Con la novedad de que ya te olvide y ya no me interesas
Did drake write her song it sound like it
Is the panas gym open for lifting tomorrow?
WHERE IS WONDO
Successful free-day! Only spent $8 and I ate and drank a ton!
I swear ppl always gotta find something negative to say about someone else , let them live
The jet-lag is so real right now
You need some bad stuff to remind you of what's good
S\/o to dat boy . Das one chill killuh
this week is about to be a great week y'all
Teddy Roosevelt look a like man is the shit!!!!!!
un kilo de helado ahora ya.
I just wanna talk to all dayyyy
Can I get an In Form Tim Howard on FUT pls jesus
Watching it helping me deal with all the fucked up shit that I'm dealing with right now.
Get to my house and there's cars already . NOOOOOOOO my nails
the one white girl that works here &amp; everyone hates her
my boss just said I have to go to church on sunday!
Wow!Thanks for following,guys!I'm so torn b\/w and right now :)
i cant wait to move tf outta here
ok ok dosta necu vise da smaram sa slikama hahaha
I hate being put into awkward situations.
I'd go back in time and change it, but I can't
What's one more crying fit for today.
Miami before the series () \nMiami after ( )
It's summer &amp; I'm shopping for riding boots.
I'd hate to be a giraffe with a sore throat
So pumped and nervous for tomorrows game vs
Who is ready for at tonight?! Stoked! CC:
Coming for your money, motherfucker don't trust us
He just took on the whole heat team and dunked on them all. Like no one fucking does that
I would really like it if my friends came over and laid w me ....
THE BEST IDEA JUST Cme to men
Lmfao the mission we just went through
I wonder what would have happened if I would have accepted the job at stadium instead of the one I have now
Come on son don't text me like 5hrs Later and then try to continue the same conversation.
Aww man i want to do that!!
Like I just wanted to touch all of them and take pictures but I got stage fright so I admired from afar
Yo that's my tweet I tweeted last summer too ayyyyy but ya forreals
I wanna start a fight with someone rn
We gon sex every day, But when we sex we tease in a passionate way i love the way you touch it, Those little elaborate ways
Happy Anniversary 2 my partner in crime, my whipped cream 2 my jello, my Bill Cosby to my pudding, my body to my butter?? Too many more
It's official. No burrito taste better than a chipotle burrito
tbh we don't talk but ur pretty
Kk a rando man just grabbed my dress and said it was pretty
just watched a snapchat video of me having a dance battle last night...\n\nat least I won?
Ginobuli just told em simply, \"No.\"
Seeing pictures of Justin with fans make me sad. That will be me one day. ):
Everything I do, I do it for you
At work waitin for this soccer game to start so time can fly by lol
kaitlyn said she misses me and spelt it all out that made my day
Saddens me that I have to resort to making things public like this, but I've tried every other way.
Not gonna be that fan that claims Lebron and not the heat i go down with the ship good shit spurs
the episode of teen wolf when Alison dies still makes me cry my eyes out
World Cup matches to watch today
You got one year, one stinkin' year to make yourself some memories
The watch on my wrist just called me and told me stop being the shit
Only because USA is too much of a challenge for them though.
Re-watching game of thrones again? Yep... I'm about that life
Smh oomf played the shit out of me, this is exactly why I'm better off alone
I don't know what I need to change for females to be interested ,
You can't date coral unless you can deal with are fake relationship.
Roses are red, ghosts are see though, all I want is to be underneath you
Idk what's scarier: the fact that tomorrow I'm no longer gonna be in high school or that my brother will be
I'm just tryna know you better
Dear UAGC, It was real while it lasted a hard 3 years in the making but at the end of the day NIGGA WE ALL MADE IT!!
Zero is just as manipulative &amp;\ncold hearted as Jelena.
My phone is on 37%. Ew no
politics and soccer have nothing to do with each other
Why is people driving slow even a thing.
I just wanna travel and meet new people this summer
So is really trying to get into coaching in the league ? That would be interesting , he need a espn 30 for 30 for sure tho
This is probably the worst day of the year that it could rain
Yo djs I got a question ? Wats the &amp; way u all get yo music , wats yo favorite blast site?
I guess you never know how you would react to a situation until you've been in it yourself
I still need to figure out ehst I'm wearing today!
I need new people in my life
Why watch the game when you can hear all about it on twitter
Shit, when did I age?\nIf I go to Disneyland often, that makes me younger, right? Who wants to ride Astro Blasters with me this weekend?
Back to work tm... Seriously this time.
Connor just said \"Chiara I'm a sneaker head it's in my blood\"
I've never cared about what people thought about me &amp; that's why I'm always happy, I live for myself
Someone should get me some tacos
Plus, it's called AMERICA, not MERICA, nor MURICA.\nI told you guys this before.
I don't think I remember how to sleep
I need a recommendation for a really good shampoo and conditioner.
This guy Jamal got THE baddest wife of all the wives but he's back in the hood taking another man's wife.
Trying not to think about you but every song that comes on reminds me of you.
That was for 2010 and 2006
Independence Day. What a concept, what a catalyst for reflection. Good day to all souls, created equal....
It's about to be a year since I saw justin love and I still can't watch videos
1D FAN ACCOUNTS PLEASE FOLLOW ME I DONT WANT OTHER FAN ACCOUNTS TO FOLLOW BECAUSE I MISS HAVING YOU IN MY TIMELINE
fiz merda. vou voltar a fazer como eu estava fazendo ._.
No pense que iba a tener q estudiar en verano -.-
was the perfect film to see before heading to New Orleans
Now that I realize it I'm pretty short
Everyone watching should be paying attention to TERRIBLE.
I am one happyyyyy rabbit
61st: Stood up for dad with a mom and pop electronics shop to honor a price on their website.
boy youre so dope your love is deadly
Why are there so many \"why's\" during tonight's opening segment? Sounds funny... in \"complaining\" with no constructive views.
Trinidad RT : 1. Where were you born?
Stop asking me to match you when you owe me money
CLINT!!!! CAPTAIN AMERICA
mustn't get out feel wet, cuz that lead to regret.. diving in to soon.
Happy Evening! Beautiful night to walk and listen to the birds!
Sooo...the Purge was terrifying.
Navas has had an amazing game and its too bad it's all on him now. I have faith though.
Tomorrow morning will be interesting to say the least
Costa Rica deserves this win...but idc either way but
Literally sound like gunshots right next to my window. Wtf
Oh they pop
waiting for my brandy stuff is making me crazy
Today is the day! Into the world of supes we go!
\"Everyone belongs to themselves\" --Lulu
My roommate told me to fuck off.
F u go get yourself a clue
Where oh where can I find a \/'s Shandy around here?!? Pref for \/area, but I'd go into Manhattan
Wow I suck at leaving voicemails
Sucks for Bradley. Helen Keller at age 90 with sunglasses on could have scored there.
Never seen so many people on the cardio deck, wtf
Story line I do not care for: Bran Stark and his Three Eyed Crow
Love\/hate relationship with owning a restaurant. Free food but I don't wanna get fat
Eyes on this Thursday. USA vs Germany. A tie, a win?
Where is that supposed thunderstorm? Those are so peaceful to sleep to
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!
I don't play basketball but when life hands you $10 elite socks, you don't say no
Bob Brown with a definitive No when asked about becoming the Flying Human Arrow at the NJ State Fair
Locked out of my house wtf
Another day wasted
I just wanna see the look of misery on Lebron's face. That's much more gratifying
listening to heals me
Lol , I'm so serious when it comes to gas money
In ghana be pissed if we lose now
Everyone is going to have an opinion of you
going to bed with my highschool diploma
Why am I awake right know...I don't have work until 1.
.is also really upset by the lack of wolf transformations on this show.
\" If you died right now, ur girl would have another nigga replacing within 2 months.Fake mourning over your death while texting another guy\"
sharai if u kick my medals one more time I'm gonna stick a foot in your ass
BUT all jokes and parties aside I will be cheersing the brave men and women who let this country continue to be free
i'm actually so mad at you don't even try to act like nothing is wrong
Fuck!! Come on Portugal !!
Who screwed around with the grinder???!!! DX
This new tattoo on the side my ankle is so swollen that I have cankles. And it hurts. :\/ hahah why do I keep doing this to myself. ;p
How r girls so sexy I'm not understanding
Work sucks so much right now after a great weekend in Montauk.
I ain't with that sentimental shit
Not in the mood at all to deal with customers tonight
I'm about 50ft away from
Ok Chris Young mets now chasing 3 runs after that 2 run shot
For all you girls who say wearing \"shorts, crop tops, &amp; tank tops\" are slutty, I better see you in a damn turtle neck &amp; jeans in July bitch
I was a true baller then I just quitt
It's Independence Day, so can I just not show up to work and claim independence?
It's the forth of July yaaa but turn down weather
Sure you will
Everyone should definitely go by new song
Way amped about the Sabres drafting Sammy.
Swifter... Cuz things are gettin messi!!!!
I always choose to hide my feelings because I think it's better that way.
There's always hope.
Can you really take dick or nah , can I bring another bitch or nah , is you with the shits or nah
Time to get bombed and blow through a 30
Never give a fuck what a nigga think
Ill take it! Hold em off
PG Derrick Rose doesn't feel the need to recruit big name free agents to join him in the Windy City.
You remind me of the babe. \n\nWhat babe? \n\nThe babe with the power.
lmao I invite you almost everywhere and you don't even have the common decency to invite me anywhere
My nigga Dempsey
KRHV 300047Z 31012KT 10SM SKC 32\/11 A2983
I got some family members I treat like friends and some friends I treat like family
Skyline in the morning and gym in the evening
Liesel and Woody
Why does Karlos keep calling me a succubus?? Nigga shut the fuck up
I wind for the bill, Grind for the bill
22 jump street was hilarious by the way
Shopping in San Fran is almost as fun as shopping in NY
People on Xbox are hella funny
Who doesn't have plans for tonight?
When you deliver to ur boss and he gives u a dam good tip and a fat ass dap
Np John digweed on pandora
sorry I have been so inactive.... I was hanging out with my bae and we were at the mall and tanning and all that shit so y'all know
Fascinating that I can't find a jar of Vick's chest rub in my house but there's a bottle of 10mg Cialis just chilling in a cabinet.
Becca is cheering against the USA right now. Let's ship her to Ghana until she appreciates the greatest country in the world
Installing Xcode6 Beta2.
I honestly thought USA was going to suck but I guess not.
Ginobali fuccked em up
Def not.. It's in my top 5 RT : Frosted flakes is definitely not a trash cereal lol
Watching kpop videos makes me miss having light hair omg
107.9 goin In right now !
My Brian thinks too much or at least thinks too much about certain things and too little of others
Hot weather subway : On the newest trains (w\/ blue bench seats &amp; digital strip maps), stand to the middle of the car for best AC.
Might just go run at the beach, I cant fall back asleep.
If I can't turn up today theres always tomorrow
I was the laziest girl today &amp; loved every second of it.
Never riding a dirt bike again
I have a love\/hate relationship with my hair.
How would you rate your state of mind today?
Tonight was by far the hardest thing I've been through.
Everyone makes mistakes,everyday I'm learning to overcome, think forward &amp; develop.If you're not moving forward you'll just get left behind.
*tries to do charcoal like his brother but instead gets it all over his own fave and sits down and pouts* humph...
It honestly feels like there are more US fans than Brazil fans at the World Cup
I don't see you doing any types of better
There is no surrender in this US Teams vocabulary. Stunning strike with the keeper unsighted. Portugal are brittle. Where is Ronaldo?
I need a new lock screen rach's face is getting boring
CAPTAIN CLINT DOES IT AGAIN!!!
It's ashame that everytime lebron is doing good his team doesn't want to step up
Can't believe took all the lighters in the barn now I'm with shit matches
He always talks about dressing her up and playing with her.
I cannot hear over my chewing
Wow shocked and stunned at the immaturity of members of my extended family.
I really don't know how I'm going to pack for school. I have too much stuff that I'm not ready to let go of.
Hey - it's Wednesday.. turn off surge pricing! Taking a cab tonight..
1st design review was invaluable. Thx for the friendly fire feedback!
Then u add $200 glare\/scratch-guard lens.. Makes it roughly a $900 pair of glasses. With my luck, I'd prolly break em the same day I get em.
If anyone wants to come to Sean's house and be my friend cause he's not home and I'm pretty lonely
yeah I just laughed in spanish you got a problem with that
\"What if my brakes went out and I put a parachute through the sunroof\"
Bitches come and go everyday b LMFAOO
Omg, what a shot
THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE
I just wanna find a dress and go home and cuddle w my boo
Thank all for supporting Vedazzling Accessories 1st event
Why do I have to be so kind hearted.
I didn't think he was going to score to be honest
Today also sees the return of 's 'Five things about' match reviews which with guest have been superb.
I'm not doing horrible on this practice regents
Whenever I don't know how to respond to a text but don't want to ignore it, I just send a random emoji and hope that it works...
I wish I hadn't lost it. \nI had the best playlists on that shit \nSure it was old and fucked but man did it have great tunes
Beyond blessed with people that will listen and understand
But For real, look at him acting hurt.
Wow we see everything strange at black rock da fook. Gorillas, bird people, bent over ladies, etc.
I'm about to take this NyQuil and go to sleep I feel crazy
Welcome to the NY Islanders
Q and jhene how the FUCK could I miss that
Ahhh can't wait to see my lil man!!
Honestly wish I had some to offer.
my dad's driving gives me anxiety
John Legend was tryna save Jhene ? Lol
One step closeer.. I've died everyday waiting for youu
San Antonio is too good, Miami's forgetting this is a teams sport
Cramps don't let me or sleep
im going to rip up my midterm and throw it in his face
Summer is not going as I thought it would
I'm really bad at the whole hanging out with the family thing
One Nation, One Team.....
Tyler posey is the cutest thing I've ever seen
Glantz: re: painkillers, found tremendous amount of regional variation of how VA performs.
Dempsey cannot come out... He's gotta stay in
Drove a Telsa to Santa Cruz I'm so proud of my self lol
Honestly just want to go hunting\/fishing\/camping
Don't fall in love with the most beautiful girl in the world but the one that makes the world more beautiful
Even though I graduated over a month ago, whenever I have any down time I feel like there is some sort of homework I need to be doing.
The food here is like Lackmann the day before winter break every day
I use to
I go for tweeting that picture to them lol
Let's go on a picnic \rI'll make sandwiches and quesadillas
What does muting people on twitter do
God, JUST LOAD!! -error pops up- .....*inhales* I'm going to have to kill someone
Nou gen record goal ki pi rapid nan mondial sa papa 30 segonde wiiii baw baw
The Pastor spoke about letting go....and I'm just doing that. \\.\/
I mean like I have but still.. I'm fuckin bored
I just want cute underwear from Victoria's Secret, is that to much to ask for?
What would do? That's my general guideline in life.
praying that I get that phone call so me and Sal can go to a celebratory dinner at Maggiano's lol
..your secret is safe with me friend
Goaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal Suck my balls again Cr7
I swear I just watched the best fucking movie new on Netflix called jamsey boy... you have to watch it words can't describe how good it was!
Buddy I balled with from John jay was nasty at ball. They was not stoping us lol
Crying because I just realized I no longer have an iPod.
I got sunburn on my butt
So Joey Chestnut just proposed to his girlfriend before the Hot Dog Eating Contest. What a savage.
USA I love the country BUT Ghana WINS easy
Right, you do subjective video game media analysis RT : I ... don't do videogame news?
I got what wanted but now I wish didn't cause it makes me miserable
Shits gonna be weird tomorrow ..
And than i know i have a heart when i can't delete my favorite picture of us off my Instagram . Smh
thanks for the follow
Just saw \"Monty Python's Quest for the Holy Grail\" for the first time. \n\nWhat just happened?
Listen, being Colombian makes me prideful. No one here thinks they are better than anyone, we are prideful and happy we made it this far.
Floyd Mayweather is 5'8. Dude hella small.
All I want is a s'more but it feels like the universe doesn't wanna see that happen
Just took a nap for almost 2 hours
That's ehy I'm like fuck ya niggas cause I ain't never trust ya niggas
\"No one could flatten out a pillow quite you.\" &lt;-- potential country song quote
Im the problem to your stress why haven't you push me away
Lady Gaga is a week away .
Nothing adorns a girl like confidence.
I drink lemon juice by itself
Vaseline lotion spray is fire incase anyone wanted to know
The only time we really talk is when our clothes are coming off, I like us better when were wasteddd
I can never leave my job because everyone there ages so beautifully.
Q: Why are Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, intelligent conservatives, &amp; God alike? A: There is no evidence that any of them actually exists.
This is just straight up gender discrimination.
No one is allowed to give me shit for how I look on the ESR tomorrow. Too much going on not to do a show despite the lack of sleep
Ooh Jason Fantasy Dream about Eric .Hot Dream Jason
So much tension right now. Greece in six.
Great start of She was awesome!
Navas! Happy Costa Rica found a way through. Now on to the Dutch divers.
Nobody kissed me. Pride was still fun tho
Butttt... I'm loving my African bros and sisters out here... Uptown I feel like everyone is mad old
It's annoying to get out of work this late because I'm not tired enough to sleep and there's never convenient moves
welp let's eat some Haitian food
MY MOM JUST TOLD JAIROS DAD THAT I THINK HES HOT WTF
My life is a viscous cycle of working all day to make money to buy nice things &amp; then being too tired from working to actually purchase them
And you wonder why i want to hit you.
Made enough smoothie for two people and still drank it all myself
The teacher is always quiet during the test.
i think chuck bass is ugly
I want all of the new kits...
she needs to buy herself a bra
I been in the gym doing two-a-days for ya so I can lift ya up when I do the thang to ya!
Me and always live tweet lmao
That vine is cracking me up for some reason
Man someone please tell me they got jumper cables right now
I have this theory that if you cut off all her hair she'd look like a british man
Jones gool reminds me of Messis
Overheard in Williamsburg: \"do you have lotion here? ... what kind of deli is this?!\"
POR FAVOR UNO MAAAAAS
My school trash niggas aint doing nothing today so I'm Finna get drunk with shorty
god is good beer is great and people are crazyyy
Waxington w my
E mi chiedo come il diretto interessato o la diretta interessata non riescano a capirlo, dato che i tweet sono palesemente riferiti a loro
I need me a bottle of Bitch Be Gone!!
I be lying if I said you ain't the one.
My only competition at this point is the man in the mirror.
Crazy how many people are childish nowadays
Beasley is working
I feel like once you reach time in your life when you can't do much more to grow is when you reach the point In Your life when you're \"old\"
FUCK THE BET AWARDS CAUSE GUCCI MANE NOT THERE , free
The black girl from 22 jump street is the bae
Hang out with a girl a few times and she falls in love with you.. What is this world coming to.
\": Baby you don't wanna know..\" but baby I do
LMFAO YOU GUYS TALK OGMY FOD HAHAHAHHA
I GOT AN INTERNSHIP AT A TEXTILE COMPANY
Yeah he pussy whipped cause the pussy so fire , leave a nigga drooling
So I might go camping this 4th of July?
This is my favorite time of the day to just lay by the pool
Tbh I've never laughed so hard in my life
You know when tort is drunk when she starts kissing my cheek
OMG NO WAY AMAZING GOAL
bruh, tatiana maslany will never not be bae
\": I dont miss being in a relationship i just miss having someone to spend my time with and adventure with\" yes!!!!
that will forever be my favorite gif
This chinese food though is everything...
\": And you a Miami Heat Cock Cradler. RT : u a spurs dick rider\" lmao. Like the rest of em
I'm not a nice person *DMX Voice
Pharell is 41 years old
Shidd I'm bout to make a 0 to 100 freestyle
\"And as my plastic surgeon always said, if you gotta go. Go with a smile.\"
My uncle looks identical to Oezil
\": you're going to have to touch some butts for me\" gotchu bruh
Miss having someone to talk all day
\"Ok, let's take it from the orgasm.\" - things said at Angel in a Red Dress rehearsal.
Watching This Means War. My gosh..
GOOOOOAAAAAL USA HAAA
I hope this swelling goes down
Right now duda's wRC+ is 93% of Freeman's. But he stinks. S\/o
bachata be sexual af wooooo
Love how my mom bitches because my tanning lotion smells good. Sorry you smell like horse shit, bye
Argentina y Alemania mis favoritos
And in the 30th second USA is up 1-0
I just finished the book. Really interesting read . Also so glad real life Larry isn't a dick like tv show Larry.
I gotta get to a new destination asap
I wish I fought in the revolutionary war
it's exhausting feeling nothing and everything at the same time
thought I had to be at orientation at 8 but it's 830 and I'm still sitting here hahahahha yay
And the only reason why I got up today was because I had to pee. So it's going to be that kind of day.
I should've got a cookie instead of waiting in the break room smh
Get a place of my own
Thats fucking right! let me take his place to meet \n\nBest fucking friend.
Everyone fucks up every once in a while
Never had a leg pump like this
GOLAZOOOOOOOOOOO\n\nSACALA SI SOS TAN MACHOOO
There is a cockroach the size of Alabama in my bathroom right now. Send help
All these young defensemen in the organization...can't complain about that
lmaoo hi jen! \nHAPPY FATHER'S DAY!!\nxoxoxo
Also the murse ship sank so hard, thanks for completely ignoring me and the excessively flirting w someone the entire time we are here.
Fuck it. My ranting is done with
I want to feel her fight to break the walls b\/c then I'll know that she's worth taking them down and I won't have to worry about rebuilding.
Just need to go spend some time at a car wash lol
When Michael sings Bieber to you.. You kinda don't know what to do XD
Women have gotten way too powerful. I'm not being sexist. It's just that girls shouldnt know that every dude wants to fuck them via IG likes
spam snapchats make my day
Nothing more important in my life than family
Dinner at the Yard House and then Jersey Boys. Celebrating summer vacation!
The Yankees win!! Hopefully they win Friday too when I'm there.
USA USA USA!!!!!!
what's a break?
HOLY SHIT started the game in the best possible way. THAT WAS IN 30 SECONDS.
When your tired as fuck but can't fall asleep the worst thing
I hope essence got service in Puerto Rico so I can wish her a happy bday tomorrow
My son gon learn da qualities of a good man early in life
KD was never nice. Foh
if I see this fuck face one more time today I'm gonna run his car off the road
Watching MLG Anaheim on one screen and USA-Portugal on the other. God bless America.
Happy &amp; safe 4th of July to all!!!
It's a little much to have a guy smokin an e-cig &amp; a guy putting his weird long hair in a ponytail on the same train This is why I take cabs
Birthday tomorrow I'm just waiting on it
OH MY GOD! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!
Were At The Center Of The Universe , Just Yu &amp; I
US is actually playing better
Never realized how great of an opera singer is..
I'll make you &amp; ya whack mans fold like bad hands
Susie tryna get me saucy tonight
People that drive under the speed limit piss me off
It's such a beautiful day in 2 all the people that live on a don't be jealous lol
My dad typically maintains only one hand on the steering wheel. It freaks me the fuck out.
I wish I had wood floors instead of carpet in my room
I too have the tendency to ramble
Can't wait to go home, take my clothes off, and slather aloe all over my body.
\"Id rather lick your butthole than your feet\"
Your ass doesn't even follow me anymore so I'm glad to see you keep taking the time out to type my name In the search bar to stalk me
NOOOOOO I finished all of Catfish so far weehhh &gt;: sadface
I was born with bro code embedded in my head I don't know wassup with all these dudes today I think they got more girl code then girls do
\n\nGrabbing a I cream , you all hold that tweet , Be Right Back :-)
Lou Gehrig speech gets me every time.
what the KD's are weird af
My tummy hurts :\/
Im so sleepy but im staying up for catfish
Meditation Meeting Mondays at Persian center, 2029 Durant avenue (b\/w Shattuck &amp; Milvia) 7 pm to 8 pm.
That concert, LIVE SET, was incredible. Can't wait to hear more from them!
Laying on the couch, and your dad give u a Jamaican red stripe.. Mad props Yooo
yup see . first 24 hour music video def gotta be the video of the year
Party at Olivia house on Friday if her parents leave
don't think I've ever been this upset...literally don't even know what to do with myself :(
Lol now I'm friends with some of them
zack come on 3-0 lead just let them hit to the gloves
I would apologize for blasting from my car across the city but it's pride weekend in SF and I just don't care
I sneezed and now I ache all over. Such pain!
it's hot af in arizona don't go there
Do what you want I don't care anymore
Girls get jealous because they know what other girls are capable of doing
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% of how you react to it.
Be careful with who you trust, The Devil was once an Angel...
Talk about a wild night its 5am and I'm still drinking
Nxt wk Saturday we gonna be having Iyanya performing live in NYC..limited tickets Available..call nw to purchase ur tickets ASAP 3474583170
I love when I get visited at work :))
If i still had my dad I would spend the entire day with him and made sure he knows how much he means to me, not just post a picture up
allez les gars on y croit
I wish i would roll up on a muthafucker committing a races act against one of my fellow black brothers or sisters ..
My parents are to cheap to turn the air conditioning on
I'm also stalking the single gay Asian guy from New York. I want to sit next to him...I know he won't talk about kids.
For those people that unfollow me on Instagram: do you hate me that much to take time off of your day to go on my acct and press unfollow?
Glad I was raised well enough to know to stay away from that stuff.
Can college baseball season just be year round please?
school is more about passing than learning
I believe !!!!!!!
If ONLY Radamel Falcao was playing todayyy.....shiiiiiiit it woulda been 10x more exciting
Bumping hard to drake makes anybody's morning!!! BABE
Why get married when ur just gonna get divorced?
We believe all sorts of things from many people who claim to speak on behalf of God. But do we believe The Word of God though...
\"We found a way to get u guys paid on Friday\"
I am trying so hard not to go on a rant....\n\nBOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIII
I remember one time I let someone use my car to drift while I was in the passenger's. Never again.. Idk how y'all get a thrill off that
just saw a look alike
Whats the fucking difference between being on a break and being broken up?
I hope they both make goals for the next hour.
Woe unto me if I sit idly by while you run into false teachers who would seek to have you entangled again with a yoke of bondage!
Time for new tag champs
First things first, I'm the realist
I'm so tired of being in this car
My dad on Jason's beard: \"he looks like one of those Amish guys, I'm gonna call him Abraham!\"
Jermaine Jones!!!!!!! No he didn't lol
Coldstone sounds like the wave right now.
GOAL! Wake up world, we came to play
I want to slide on grass like Dimitrov
JOOOOOONES!!! KEUSCAO, KSUWUYWHXB338HXHNDOQPS
35 seconds???? Are you shitting me???
Goal was weak. Effortless
you could hear the crowd cheering USA USA I love it
I know somebody, somebody loves my ass.
Lol at all bullshit drama that's happened so far.
Randy Orton and Bray Wyatt on one team? Yeah I know who I'm cheering for.... But I want them to just beat each other up
I have a lot of great people in my life, I'm pretty blessed :).
I hope patience is a key in your life tho... When I get it you can have it all...
She aint ready for it if I aint the greatest then im heading for it !
I feel like I just got shot in the head
Argentina are quick on the break. But Bosnia can play that game too
MVP should be Coach Pop
If u live in Sacramento and ur a fan of . Tweet to play life of the party. Tweet too
People now days can't think what to say on their .. They have to copy
summer just started and I'm already like black
it's great to see someone make an effort to see other people but you but you know
Drive me to wings over albany
&amp; were drinking together EXTRA WEIRDDDDD
So who's down to kick it tomorrow?
18 and below have to have their permit for 6 months
I'm trying to bring the funny back
I'm tryin to go to the Madrid game
Snapchat : a_velezzz
LETS FUCKING GO GO
See women can't be carpenters cause all their live they've been told that 6\"inches is a foot!
Hate the phrase \"lightweight\"
F L O P
The National Hurricane Center said Arthur is the earliest hurricane to make landfall in the season since records began in 1851.
I could fucking smash Kate in the face. Been hating her since season 1.
all the people complaining about soccer are extremely annoying
ima cowboy on steel horse i ride im wanted dead or alive
What a crazy week. Averaged 5 hours of sleep again but hey that's what it takes to put out gripping television.
love when matches end up like this.
Did NYC survive the attack
Pinche putos lmfao
My mom needs to stop playing and bring pizza home rn I am fucking starving
i have been awake for a day and a half lol bye
Los seguidores del PPH y Luos Abinader trabajaron y votaron en contra del Dominicano Adriano Espaillat, mandados por ellos no le importa RD
Joel Aguilar is a snake. He favored Bosnia so much
Where the fuck is drake ?!
today on the train, a guy stood in front of me, smelt like cucumbers
FUCK YOUR TIME GHANA
Have you ever liked someone so much that the thought of them touching you literally makes you shiver?
They ain't make me who I am they just found me like this
Empire State marathon 10\/19 who is down?
you do not live once ,you only die once and live every day
Im not a nagger or complainer..i hold everything in so..if i have to vent u better listen.!!
Lovely I have to get a rental car because there is a recall on my car :(
Omg. the fosters is back tonight
I'm 23 with a money tree. Growing more, too, I just planted a 100 seeds
If you gave me a chance I would take it
This nigga Manu going back in time lmaoooo
My big is about to answer the door for the pizza man who is over 90 min late (&amp; prob sass him) with her nipples protruding out of her shirt
It is disappointing that secular and religious people are just as awful. It proves that religion and atheism are just as meaningless.
OMG Regina on switched at birth reminds me of Dj's mom
nadies los vio -.- ayer juntos y hoy tambien :( ,
I'm not staying home even if it rains
Greg Popovich def top 5 best coaches of all time
I think I adopted a cat...
crazy goal from usa!
I was the jealous type twice in my life !!
I wish I had a life
Some people you just can't be nice to
So much shit on my mind .. It woke up right up.
spending today babysitting with no wifi...
Bey an j boutta kill herm tho
I haven't talked to chris in like 2 days that's not normal
The woman co-hosting with bow wow lowkey looks like Raquel from Hit The Floor.
I don't understand how my nails keep getting ruined
Fav if u think jamie is Kermit the frog
Me tiene tan encarcelada, escucho como si me hablaraaa
Sonny Milano came to open hockey one night. He wasn't very popular.
Lebron better just pad his stats make it look like he was trying
The NBA is not exciting at all
Meet me at charlaps.. I'll bring my dog
Things will be better when I'm dead and gone
I think me and already planned to get sleezy with each other every weekend after our summer classes end.
I'm tweetin wild bullshit but it is twitter a nigga is bored
brand new skinny ghost, meet your brand new angel monster, microwave meet your maker...
JONES YES! Do not sleep on the Americans. I believe that we will win!!!
people who sir down casually and read a real paperback book in the park: I look up to you, you are my hero and you will forever be respected
Still proud to be greek!!! Love my country
My mom cut my brothers hair and he won't stop crying
I read and study for hours at a time and don't even accomplish anything... I don't understand.
Stale ass day today only part that was fun was meeting new people
It feels so wrong to drive through middleport and not get ponies :(
Your last insta - posing with all those boys - I'm not a fan of
Had a great time at the beach
Everyone is sleeping so peacefully I love it
Aye five years I'll probably laugh at this\nTry not to let it wear me out like a bad bitch with fashion sense
You aint Got Tits Its Okay Just Have Ass bae.
2 Chainz for my necklace, if I had none I'd be neck-less
Too excited to watch my sister graduate tomorrow
I'm tryna hit up the board walk
bringing the all black air forces out today
Watching the Empire Strikes Back for
There will be a time in the next election cycle when people will realize Shit, this dude Obama actually got a lot done.
Eve went from sex tape with Stevie J to marrying a millionaire
Everything is money money money which I have NONE of
J Kidd to the Milwaukee Bucks for two 2nd rounders
\"Raise your words, not voices, it is rain that grows flowers not thunder.\"
tonight i think ill just write my biggest fan a fuck you letter
Pro tip: always save your mobile boarding pass to photos. app won't retrieve your reservation f your flight is delayed
I've screamed what the fuck more then 20 times already
It's raining tomorrow not cool. I was enjoying the sun
lmfao RT : Diggy ole bitxh ass I'll fight that nigga if I saw them frfr llf
Ice coffee would be good rn
Waking up tomorrow only to realize there's a ton of shit that I have to get done.
Everytime i see a Subaru the only person i think of is
This is one of the times I wish I was white frfr.
I use to fuck with Akon hard body back in the day
Some girl came in asking if we had Portugal shirts for the World Cup..I wanted to say was 'go back to your country' but don't worry I didn't
I don't have anything against you personally, it's just your presence I don't admire.
To all my Day 1Highland Niggas.....I won't forget yall, it's been real and I wish you the best of luck in your future
s\/o to the sun for being a real ass homie always keeping us alive n heating up our backs n shit
The real is on the rise. Fuck them other guys.
I get caught up all the time... never get to big to get caught in the moments...
Not gonna be able to sleep again
Got up to page 27
College is already taking over my sleep schedule and it hasn't even started....
Need a whole day of just grounders
I thought you were an Eagle Scout? I am, but I'm a hilton gold member too.
What better way to spend a midnight then to watch The Office
looking slow we'll be back this fall............
Hunter is spending a good 5 minutes perfecting his 4th of July tweet
Decisions by SCOTUS America=15, Obama=0\n
this will clear my mind
I love these twins so much.
I only smoke with homies anymore tbh
Red Sox Yankees and Mookie Betts makes his Debut doesn't get much better than that
Follow me on Instagram...\n~8~ Flexing today\n
I'm sorry but she looks like a man with a wig.
I'm just a heat hater in general.
28- best locker buddy a guy could have! You're so awesome and funny and always great to talk to!
There's a new episode of teen wolf.
3 chicks from London said:There's new movement in England nowadays, English are thinking of preparing Russell Brand for Prime Minister-Ship.
LOL 39 min till teen wolf I'm still dead
I love Curren$y when I'm drunk RT : CurrenSy ain't for you if you not into laid back music and that's cool
RED BULLS ML 15units. RED BULLS\/TORANTO OVER 2.5 17.5units...BIG PLAYS TONIGHT MORE TOMORROW! !!
Bdubs blowing up after each goal or Ronaldo miss is priceless
YESSSSSSD USA USA USA
Now I want an omelette packed with ham and cheese
So Fucken tired u would put me on a 8 hour shift yesterday then have me open the next day!
vou baixar umas musicas aqui
wateva I'm finna text you &amp; i better get a text back or that's yo ass Lol
Girls with no ass make me sad
I always have this uneasy feeling that won't go away
Also why is this girl 24 and acts like she's 19...
lmfao this is such a joke
And they don't have no award for that.
Besides over-testing replacing experiential learning, tests are never seen by the children again-no feedback =no learning. What a waste.
I can't wait for basketball season
I'm giving Emma a hug next time I see her.
ID'd two weeds from my garden today: Polygonum aviculare, prostrate knotweed (alien), and Euphorbia humistrata, prostrate spurge (native)
S\/O to whoever shot off that m1000 by glenmoor lmao
What did they do to Cody Rhodes smh lmao
I hope everyone in the USA is enjoying their July 4th holiday! I'm hoping this rain stops soon so I can enjoy it more.
Holy shit I just went on the tallest roller coaster in the world, Kingda Ka
Watching that movie was a great idea -3-
I really need to stop giving myself anxiety.
Tears for Fears was my shit when ideas six
Let's go !! fastest goal in soccer ever
Okay time to stop eating crap now
Messi's record isn't really good honestly
S\/O to my main man for holding down the on
First ep of teen wolf was pretty fire.
long night at work deserves a good night of mimis
May jump off the ferry right now
Speakers scream loud like a car full of babies
SFXIX WednesdayDivsion Wk1 Ln2-2 In The Bank, 1 In The Stank, formerly God Damn Bankers, beat a 2 roller 40 Rock with an 813
If Tahiry made a sex tape &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning Please send us your best smore picture. Your photography is beautiful. Happy Monday!
WHAT THE FUCK TEEN WOLF STOP WITH THE DEATH
My brother took 209 selfies on my phone
Ridin in my Beamer with a bad bitch
Good for San Antonio. Perhaps, Timmy and Pop's last game in the NBA. What a franchise and story.
It's only Monday. But I just jumped up and down for two hours because The Colourist.
Huntelaar's jump kick into the corner flag after scoring that penalty was awesome.
Messi, eres un CRACK !!!!! 2-0
Zendaya got no cheeks... she still bad tho
I wanna have a fire today but have no one to invite so trees that
off to the beach. dropped my brother off. hitting the shore.
He won't acknowledge it but he know
amazing service at Hillsong... my condolences to the girl who I collided with on the stairs, it was clearly your fault
Listening to New York talk radio and the Carmelo debacle makes me thankful to be an fan.
\": SHE LIKE MY STYLE SHE LIKE MY FLOW\" powderrr
Maybe even going to go now
Realize what's real and what's not. Who's worth the effort and who's not.
I didn't say me tho RT : u can't cook.
It's sad bc there's nothing I can do to help :((
Who said you can use the game of thrones logo as yours
Obamacare regulations nearly eight times the size of Gutenberg Bible
Come hang with me and your dad at community table!
I don't know how I'm going to survive today on two hours of sleep. This city kicks my ass every time.
YUU ESS AY! YUU ESS AY!
every night I'm up past two laying in bed craving fried pickles and thinking about what Lana Del Rey could possibly be doing at the moment
I want the spurs to end it tonight
The pick up artist bonds people.
Sva nam kultura stane u srednji prst.
Wishing I could be in Chicago right now, I need out if New York.
DONT YOU FUCKERS EVER TELL ME WERE NOT A SOCCER COUNTRY
Video of the year at 9:18pm? So what happens for the other 2 hours
Being up this early is gonna allow me to be so productive today
My god James Franco is so hot.
So down to get Ralph's right now
and can I pleaseeeeeeee reach 5'8
USA gol !!! Jones did it !!!!!
Oh Lord please protect my family and friends in Abuja. All these bomb blast really messing with my head
It's 3:30am and me and actually are unable to stop watching Game of Thrones.... sooooo uhhhhh...sorry, sleep schedule
I encourage these irresponsible parents to take a trip to a slum in India &amp; watch a kid die on the streets because of a preventable disease
Good morning, hope everyone has a good day!
I better get food when i get home iam SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HUNGRYYY
missing today ): at least I can go tomorrow
feeling like death &amp; looking like death.
Iba a hacer un dibujo en el afiche pero no son muy lindos que digamos..
It really is tragic when a girl has so much potential and doesn't acknowledge it.
I seriously wanted to punch her in the face
It's over MF
Psalm 35:27-28 The Voice (VOICE) 27 As for those who desire my vindication, may they be joyful and glad. May they forever say,
Do you ever wake up with random ass songs stuck in your head
I hate soccer
HELP HOW DO I STREAM THE USA GAME FROM MY PHONE HELP HELP HELP
Glantz: also developed map of VA + painkillers. Btwn '01-'12, painkiller prescription &amp; overdose amg vets both increased
Them bitches ain't ready for nicki Lewinsky bad WOOF WOOF flyer than frisbee
It's Day 2 of London Men's Fashion Week with the SS15 Collections.
Dormir toda la tarde, entre otros placeres de la vida.
SCOTUS more like scrotum
You know you're moshing too hard when your windshield wipers turn on
\"I don't like gingers. Or people that are large.\"
It's been a long Monday but I must stay awake to watch ladies of London! I need fashion\/work inspiration from !!
You you got what I neeeeeed
Tomorrow will be the perfect day for mudding
And now I've got to find a simple escape.\nAll I need, all I need is a simple escape.
Lil Wayne you look like a homeless hippie
Let's goooooo!!!! USA
Sauced chicken wings&gt; sauced nachos
This weekend I got to see almost all of my moms and dad's sides of the family, AND meet the two newest babies of the fam. What a fab weekend
,hears a concept, we have ur(Mexico) children, soR SOLDER!!!!! WOW, THAT WAS HARD...DO SOMETHING...RIGHT..YUG....
Today is Cherise's bday... No one forget
When you trade a FLYER,must be a rule where you have to receive a former flyer in return......ok get Justin Williams !
Nice hit, Dreamy Eyes !!!!! Dreamy Eyes on 1st, and now the new stud Joe Panik up at bat. Crowd likes him ...
Deep fried Oreos, deep friend twinkies, deep fried Nutella, we even have deep fried watermelon! Come get your diabetes, free today!
All I really want it you
Sitting at home on my couch
God what an IDIOT Napoli is for getting in a rundown
Just had a dream that something happened to Sam so I started freaking then realized that I was dreaming
I'm so tired of the same ol' crap.
Watching on right now he's so cute
alfredo sauce w\/ zucchini noodles\ncesar salad\nchia pudding in the fridge for breakfast tomorrow\ngood eating is douchey
I respect the Spurs best organization in the NBA.
\": Permanent good can never be the outcome of untruth and violence.\"
I'm always coming in second place and I'm fucking tired of it
this same stupid cell phone commercial has been on during every episode
that looks like it hurt hella bad
Beyonce n jay z good now?
Told these hoes I'd be back around June
imma do it for my fams tho!
Leaving New York
Ed Sheeran's new album is the shit.
Forget \"disruption.\" \"Reimagine\" is the new buzzword.
Pause, why did Scott just wake up in the bathroom from Saw 1?
That's gotta hurt
goodbye New York City ):
That's cool you're into the whole scene emo punk thing. We all go through that phase but mostly it's when you're 13
I think everyone has a shitty day today
BUT .. It's only Friday so it's cool
Best part of working at salon is Free blowouts
Flipping through the channels I end up on the NYS softball championship..how the hell is Williamsville South up 21 to 4 in the state finals?
Ew you're an animal hop off
HE CHESTED THAT SHIT
If I only knew the true you. Maybe our lives would be different then it is now
Gah, he's made out of perfection.
Lol no matter how hard I try
And your champs are the spurs
S\/o to Costa Rica and Remember Fuck FIFA
It's the key to fixing a broken heart
im so mad at that bradley miss that im disgusted
NYS is promoting competitive energy markets. Creating efficient markets for consumer value for their dollar.
Can it be Sunday already? \nI miss worship!
IM GOING TO CRY AND SHIT MY PANTS JAHDOABBABE S
RESPOND PLEASE D: - I wanna try dresslink but i wanna be sure It's 100% safe and doesn't scam me! Like is it legit??
Your eyes they shine so bright, I wanna save that light
It's hard finding wifi around here...
That last vine got Me crying...
The fresh prince just had dinner with Tatyana
This always happens....like always man, can't never have it good
Mta running on a Sunday schedule, wish me luck!
6am and sweating. Not cool.
Do I really gotta be 25, can't I just be 21 again?
I find it funny that like my pic on insta first because I almost put her cause I like one of the pics of us but changed my mind
The real question is why is Mattie going to Guatemala SHE STILL HEARTS HER I's
.Komanoff 1981 Power Plant Cost Escalation
Lightweight mad they only made 2 seasons of RJ Berger
Creeping on the low hope YA GIRL DONT SEE
my high school was on news 7. no big deal
Abouta Take This Drive To The Corner Store On Sickles.
Yo I love soccer unis
I took a stroll on the ol long walk of a day I-ay-I-ay. I ask you friends what's a fella to do, we his hair was black and his eyes were blue
If your goal is fat loss, and you're strictly only doing cardio to yield this result, you're doing it wrong.
Zipcar stressed me out so badly at 2PM yesterday in still feeling it physically. I need to learn to let go.
So my only British friend moved to Yorktown, Virginia... Wonder if he has any family buried there.
I'm being forced to play dyke softball with my family in order to be allowed out tn
Juicy js last few bars at the end of his verse on all that is fire as fuck.. Never gets old
Since Germany is gonna lose today. Minichs day will be horrible
Got everything I'm asking for but you
Feeling sad right now, I don't know why. :(
\": It's fuckin draft time let's go!\" Well said!!!
I think I am just destined to have a life of pain.
I don't always get tattoos but when I do, I prefer invisible ink.
Why does it have to rain today
You had a through ball pass you idiot
\": The spurs are still corny and if u like them then u just like corny shit\" lucky you ain't bet
I just wanna be the one ya love , i just wanna be the one you run to when ya down
Lmdao we the only people at the beach
I need plans for tonight ok.
I just need to know why I continue to play my own life.
just made out wit nat in a porter potty
This long day still isn't over yet.. MSG with sistooooo
The trifecta: being at Heroku, on the HerokuGuest wifi and pushing to Heroku. \/cc
Average fucking match. Guardrails take MVP of the match.
Sarah just told me I look more Australian
The better half is sure enjoying the Greek goalkeeper, so there's that.
todos sin LUZZZzzzZZZZZzzzz jajajjajaja q risa
Happy birthday to the fucking ugliest brotha
Artery clogging burritos + gallons of coffee = a much easier time of checking each other's pulses.
Excited to see how we respond tomorrow- play the MP Legends at Palo Alto HS at 5:00. Jeff Bain (Cal) makes his Caps debut.
Sometimes I have to ask myself what goes through a girls mind.. Bc even being a girl myself I can't find tbe answer to it
told my dad i was gonna move to ghana (joking) and he took it seriously and got mad at me
My twitter feed is and Totally cool with that
I wish Monique was here my feelings real life hurt
Just sang the entire Weird 's \"Trapped in the Drivethru\" to just to prove I knew all the words. She was impressed.
How can my Ex be my next boyfriend.
i always have nice convos with the cleaning lady at my house
Made a huge thing of juice and yet here I am eating pizza :')
can't they atleast play good music if they're making us wait!? Lol jk but they better hurry tf up -_-
Cooking time on the At the drive thru. Down nuggets. Tisk tisk. Does this count as a secret shop?
My lips are hella big so I stay running out of lip chap
\": \": Those Kids That Make You Not Want Kids Anymore\"my lil sister\"
Judging by how they apply condiments, I wager that the only thing made-to-order sandwich shop workers watch is bukkake videos.
It really irks me when people type 2k14 instead of 2014.
The gayest goal
Going through the likers , going through their comments etc. it's really an art form
Like all I need is my arm to be read
IDC girls that wear fake hair have no say to me
doesnt get much worse does it
Honestly Nani is carrying the team on his back. Ronaldo ain't doing shit
i feel bad for any school thats still in session
There's your shitty luck
as one tweeted those 41 \"witnesses\" committed perjury!!
The Spurs are putting in work!!
Literally would do anything to go back in time so much was unsaid and so much was not done
Tomorrow morning at 7:30. Fourth class in six days. I think I have a problem.
As soon as I get home on Friday this weave is coming out!
\"Ooh, let me follow this rapper on twitter. Wait, this guy is an idiot.\" -Me
These young minded girls dont know what the struggle really is
Hanging with the crew from
Driver asked me to check traffic for him on my phone so he can get me to the airport faster. Awesome.
Home &gt; taxi &gt; airport &gt; taxi &gt; meeting &gt; taxi &gt; airport &gt; taxi &gt; home
I'll never know
Thots on the green
I just bought a neck pillow at the airport for $50
I'm interested in a reality in which is preggers &amp; was fired, bc, again, more interesting than actual
Obama Picks Former Procter &amp; Gamble CEO to Lead Veterans Affairs
gunna beat Sofia's ass for falling on me off the bunk bed
This bitch looking like a walking pencil..
Milf alert in Walmart, see through yogas and she gotta booty
i forgot what it felt like to be tan
