I honestly just noticed Wade was playin
54 you smoke too much weed you don't do shit all day
Only good thing about coming home from Vegas was seeing my disco long sleeve came in :')
VA gives out almost 3 mil. In bonuses. To executives last year.
can someone punch me till I die
am I wrong for thinking that we could be something
Fuuck my sleeping schedule is all fucked up now from these last 3 days. Lol
It's just something I'll have to learn to deal with
Am I a nerd if I say I'm happy that they have a mobile app for the Associated Press Style book? ....makes things much more convenient!
Congrats to my lil bro on graduating today!
Used to always get hard during the sex scenes of movies I used to watch. All they were doing was making out.
Shut up people. Ronaldo is the best player in the world
I've had a headache that I only get after drinking wayyy too much for 2 days now.. Should I worry or naw
Besides the first minute, Ghana's all over this one
Way to shut out the -Cubs today RDP, &amp;
Messi finally decided to show up
Don't think that just because your older than me, your better than me.
I wonder if I ever cross your mind, for me it happens a the time..
UPPER ARE RECEIVING 12 LEAGUES NOT COMPLETE TEAMS RIGHT NOW ALL AWAKE ARRIVING AND ALERT
Nani= Eugenio Velez.
Is lil Jimmy Norton still on the &amp;anthony show? If so, will it be become Opie &amp; Jimmy?
Mom said she saw a nice used car for $3100 and I wanted to buy it for her. Droppin money like it ain't no thing. But I gotta move out first.
I thought everything was gonna be so much better ..
I been on firee.. lol don't get too close, yu might get burned!
First day camping in years and I blow chunks all over our trailer
I'm actually really pissed off rn.
Ginobili just did that?
Gonna skip the France vs. Germany game and catch the Colombia vs Brazil game.
As much as I don't want Portugal to win, Ronaldo is still a babe.
I'm not crazy, I'm just fond of you
70s songs alluded to sex. 80s songs talked about sex. 90s songs hated you for how you acted after sex.
So now that the is out when is the HTML5 DynamicPerspective API going to be specd out?
About to drink some then go to work , then after work hit the club up for a
I wish my life were a movie so that when people pissed me off I could confront them all dramatic movie style and they'd actually listen.
What ya know about cooking tacos with movado on?
Where all these followers comin from ? Mi like thoe .
can't have conversations with guys who flirt with me every 2 seconds
who booty is it?
hooolly helllllz yeahssss!!!
*everyone feverishly Googling Aron Johannsson*
It's all going to come down to Jeff answer
I like people that'll straight up be like yo text me
\": her phone not on rn\" ohh I've been texting her ass an everything wth lol
nothing wrong with just being straight up and saying you want to be around someone. Don't play games or downplay how you feel. Just be real.
FUCK PENFIELD PARTIES
you think barlev would chek her fucking email?!!!!!!
JayZ-Beyonce tonight by myself. Im done trying to do nice things for ppl all I do is get shit on!!!
I wanna get hot and fit and healthy but like i dont wanna stop living off junk food and watching tv shows and sleeping until 3PM
a lesbian's view on pride: it's a bunch of little gay boys on drugs
I can promise you that by the time we get through the world will never ever be the sameeee
At my happiest requires sacrificial shit
That moment when keshon hears you'd blow him and then he gets told id tag team him.....
Gettin violent out there wtf!!!!
This is gonna hurt like a bitch I already can feel it coming again
If they ain't lookin I don't want that girl
I'm literally laughing my ass off looking at these hate yaks about my snap stories
Wegmans, if ur going to insist cashiers must bag for customers, please teach ur cashiers how to bag. 15 items shouldn't require 9 bags.
Cmon USA you got this
Messi is trash I hate him
HE WON BALL!!
i stopped a whole plane because i was in the bathroom shitting and a whole plane was screaming insults at me it was great
this round has been amazing so far
What's more American than Taco Bell breakfast
Upcoming psychology PhD from Berkeley on Twitter effects: What to do if your boss effs with you on Twitter; How to tweet after you quit &amp;tc.
mon oncle il m a dit prends en deux ou trois femmes ton portefeuille il va fondre tu vas comprendre pk faut rester avec une seule.
All I'm good for is retweeting and favoriting chill vibes
Does anyone have the little nicki minaj bob logo?
Portugal got hungry real quick
My day is going to consist of watching the World Cup
I don't know which feels better, putting the cleats on or prying them the fuck off..
Idc if my cat is nearly 18 yrs old; the fact that she's not doing well &amp; may have to put her down doesNT make it any easier! luv her so much
cuddled in bed with no clothes on and my cousin texts me 'be there in 10 minutes' umm okay guess I should put clothes on??
yeah i twerk so?
LETS FUCKING GET IT!!!!!!!!!!
Have to be up a 7 but I can't sleep ugh
HOW IS THERE DRAMA BETWEEN THE MAGCON FAMILY AND JUSTIN OMFG YA NEVER STOP NIGGA DAMN
I have a badass boyfriend and puts every guy to shame
Maybe I'll go for a run tomorrow
So happy, haven't seen him in a week lol
Robin Thicke fell from grace big time. On that note, how stupid are you to cheat on ?
3 in a row, and still in the shitter. Way to go, Oilers.
I can't believe how sore my knees feel. I only did about 120 stops Monday. A week off must be why and my synvisc inj has worn out too.
The quality of play definitely isn't what we've seen, but this is definitely an entertaining game
It just wouldn't be a birthday without Healdsburg.
Lil Wayne actually does look like a crab apple
I gtg to bed idek what im talking about nn
So. Bob's Burgers is my new favorite show.
If you can hurt somebody like you hurt oomf and live with yourself afterwards you are the lowest type of man
10 years on is Greece about to commit another crime against football...?
Maybe mayslanding is a good place to be ....
I'm never shocked when people let me down nowadays. I just hate the fact that I put myself in a position to be let down in the first place.
bye bye long hair
2014 has been the year I learned the life lesson to never judge anyone before you get to know them
And we're officially past 5 hours on this godforsaken plane!!
Picking up my Nexus 5! Yay
Oh, this ain't good. If Mediaville is abandoned, Bacon is going to return and annoy me.
lol what channel is the World Cup on...
I am defiantly gonna miss this train
Life is precious. Enjoy and care for every person &amp; moment that we have. You will forever be loved. Rest easy my friend
Jk I talk hella crazy most of the time
Good girls can be just as bad
Actually just laughed so hard from ur snapchat story...
Just finished a solid pre-vacation all body . Pumped and shaking. Perfect.
at 8: Report: RISING SEA LEVELS could have a big impact on San Francisco's infrastructure...and there's no plan to deal with it
I spend like 90% of my time thinking about warped
\"i like being alone but lately ive been lonely\"
Ferg dabbed me up but I didn't record it
Finally got to watch TFIOS with Gordon and Angel!!! Guess who cried first? Hint: it wasn't me nor Angel
The amount of concerts this year is really overwhelming.
You've reached a new low in life when you watch in the shower.
I wanna call Bassett a bitch before I leave school tomorrow, that's it
I wish the pros could show as much emotion as the college guys.
Right now I'm just laughing at everything it's to late for this
\"Cleo's so nice!\" \"Yeah, I hate her!\"
drive around in the middle of the night, cause trouble, talk about the universe...
If you don't want to date me, that's fine, I get that, but you're wrong and I hate you
Practice at 6 AM, then 2 games and I'm awake but fuck it right? :-D
But my money is on Germany today
Every small biz I go in I ask for Twitter handle. Amazed how few have or how front line staff don't known it if they do.
My parents still haven't apologized for making me ugly
Nothing I hate more than when a person suddenly \"changes\" what they're intrested in just to impress their significant other.
We're here in the dark alone - the three of us again\nYou and me are lying here with you memory of him
I had a dream that my coworker stole my shoes and I flipped them off and they came back later and torched my car. I woke up crying
I texted my bestie to see how her cat is
People who constantly talk about heir anxiety and how they have anxiety are literally so annoying
WHERE MY HEAT FANS THOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, SPURS PUT OUT THE FIREEEEE
Re \"Fed looks at exit fees on bond funds\" - they planning to do that for ETFs too? Can't see how that's gonna work.
Excited about the NHL draft because there's nothing to get excite about until next years draft.
My mom mad cuz i said i wanna go to the mall tomorrow and i got my own money like wtf
That goal was insane.
The other squads just brought doughnuts, but since a bunch of people know I'm a professional cook I had to raise the bar.
my dad doesn't have a son so that's why I'm not changing my name when I get married
cellphone addiction is very real. I have it
Everything would be a lot easier if I have my license
Can't wait till The Game comes back
I just don't feel right without
why did my phone just tweet two random people..
J'installe pleins de jeux sur l'iPhone mdr. Qui servent bien a rien en plus
Alguien Dijo G O R R A S!!
Just found out today that OTF means only the fam
Really great doc . Tonight! An intimate and tough look at immigration in America thru the eyes of
I didn't think scandal could get any more scandalous until now
Just got done doing swimming workout....I almost drowned at least 40 times and drank half the pool....fml
Good effort Bosnia
So if you're lonely you know I'm here waiting for you
Notice how Teddy Roosevelt showed up to the match but where's Obama?!
just stole the greatest goal!!
You are alive in us, nothing can take Your place.
Estoy en el puesto 15 de los promedios de todo el colegio...YO ! GENTE ! YO!
Can't get over the thoughts of you
Woke up so sleazy...
Nicole you know how to suck a dick stop playing around girl!
Anyone want to go get ice cream?
When I call and say your pizza is here, why do people still find the need to ask if I'm downstairs????
\": It's not what you wear. It's who you are. The clothing is nothing but a side show.\" Amen girl
Wtf he needs put his hat back tf on
Ha my mom made ribs wings will have to do some other time.
I'd push her in just for shits &amp; giggles
Is president Rouhani De mo? Why people won't give him anything? They have to give him tax.
I'm really just talking about guys I've never even met that live in like Nebraska or something
I played LIFE IN A NORTHERN TOWN five times today.
You could have all the qualifications but if the homies lookin for a hookup, watch them probably get it over you.
It's hard to tell someone you think they're beautiful
I kepts it real. No regrets.
This is a good ass game lol
Fuck these people.
Now it's none of your business but you always in everybody's business ?
Ghana is a bunch of fucktards
I will never understand people like you lol
Took me less than 10 minutes to get to the apartment from work so I love it already.
Lemon and lime water is actually my favorite.
i havent eaten a proper meal in like a month
TriBeCa is a portmanteau of TRIangle BElow CAnal. Who knew?!
Why do we even need to stop in Guadalajara
Girls got a love like woah
You won't like Clint when he's angry
Where in Jamaica they doing that sucking Dick dance !!!???!
I'm on my way home datwhitegirl(-':
My chicken cacciatore had a ton of ... Was still tasty nonetheless.
I can hear smiling right now...
said you've seen it all before right but what about tonight
Cant fall asleep cuz I got so much on my mind
The U S and A
Life's crazy for real for real.
been home for 5 seconds and i already need to leave
With a strong performance today, will be put out to stud.
Only appropriate attire today is my tshirt!
No fucking way
No texts. No calls. No one love me
Don't work in retail or food\/beverage if you have an ugly ass attitude all the time
You can always tell when somebody cares . Atleast a little
That's obviously an exaggeration but my brother really is the golden child.
Out of all the terrible decisions I've made, I regret this coffee the most.
Watching Doom.....could be 's greatest performance
I'm only 20 basically I'm still considered a nobody in the adult world
Fuck I need more belts bc I'm not buying more pants
LETS GOOOI MOTHERFUCKERS GOOOAALLL
&amp; niggas really lower the price OD because I ain't got the right box.. I hate y'all
Ryan is the best brother ever.
Giving advice to someone for them to move on because they deserve better but not being able to take your own advice
Lmao i ain't vibing with you
\"You'll be a big part of it\"...
Tyrese - How You Gonna Act Like That
Why is it that everything is ALWAYS my fault .
I know they call this football in other countries, but going for a field goal won't help in the world cup
I'm bout to start acting up in school
I'm tryna go from the jungle gym near the jects to the world being my playground. Feeling that same feel when your parents said go play now!
I do what I wanna do, I do what I like
I've been single for a year now and im so bored of it
I hate depression....
\"We don't always get what you want...\" preach, Cody.
Yea dheere dheere pyar ki jo aag jal gai... ! ;))\n(Y)
the USA chants outside my window suggest a pending sunday fun day
idk how people are so STUPID, short-sighted &amp; ignorant. Not only is your reliance on herd immunity selfish if you truly believe in that BS
If the 76'ers still had Iggy and Turner they would be dirty.
Ow my ears are super ringing
Lack of sleep is catching up to me. I'm cranky!!
I've been doing spin for the last couple weeks and today they played &amp; against me and I loved it.
Since favorited my tweet I'm guessing she made it home okay
How am i supposed to sleep with all this loud rain
Being a girl is so expensive
How is babysitting even a real job? \n\nI'm literally just eating pizza and playing dolls.
I could see why niggas smash and leave half yall ... Yall dumb and aint got shit going for yourself
I'm so going to bed early tonight
And I will look so cayute while blacking out its gonna be amazing and historic
The new Chevy Camaro commercial is so cute !
Trying to study but USA
She wants to be loved, but no one will love her
I couldn't be in no horror movie.. I woulda been dipped.
I wish Tor would wake up and then on the TV bc is dark and I'm scared
Quiero que bores la imagen fea que tienes de mi y se voy a pintar te.. una carita feliz.
Fantastic crowd at BC Place tonight for .
We have only played a World Cup fifth game once, in 1986 as host nation. Come on, fifth game! This is why we are obsessed.
guys are insignificant. the sooner women realize this the better
Thanks to I got a new Creating someone else
does she know I don't like her rn?
Greece gonna upset these Costa Ricans
It seems like it's aimed at an audience of vaginas
I want to jump off a building and land in a lake full of puppy's \n\n&amp;\n\nFucking drown somehow
if u have bud pls dm\/text me
US GOAL WITHIN :40?! K!!!!!
\"Monica with a k\"?! Seriously? \n
Veronica has that smile and laugh like she's on LSD\/Acid
Sometimes I'm like I wanna be engaged and married and other times I'm like I'm too young... like I'm so mixed about where I feel I should be
EWWWWWWWWW! LATAVIA........ Vocals sounds like what I left in toilet earlier! YUCK YUCK!
With all this rain great time to bang out a workout!
I wanna go back to school :(
Nick cannon gettin old as fuck in the face
Ugh. Please don't make me move. T_T
\"Let freedom ring\" - MLK
It's sad that I would still drop another bitch like a hot fork for you
you're the cutest thing that I ever did see
Just had a 'marina girl salad' delivered to my house...thanks
\": This guy fucking serious? Kicked Dempsey in the face? No call?!?\" Unintentional bro. Both went up cleanly for the ball
never underestimate a nigga, i cant over trust them.....
Wow are you serious?!?! USA!!
Quit your job and join my emo band.
Cool just watched a spider bite my fucking chest
So I guess the difference between lebron and Kobe is kobe gets it done in the finals!
Not gonna get many better looks than that. Gotta finish in the . That save from was like Mason Plumlee's block on LeBron.
but in other news, the birds fucking stated again and this is annoying
i dont like shakiras new music. like at all.
its so cute to me how the first thing preston does when he wakes up is see if im awake lol before he even pisses
Can't wait for shit to come back around.. It always does...
These fans are doing it right in Brazil - major credit to them
Ronaldo..... that was just pathetic.
Someone let's get Denny's
A negrito was trynna mac on me Lol
Just saw a guy try and whip pigeons with a fistful of human hair
I ain't tryna fall in love with a street nigga, I ain't tryna burry somebody I love.
It may or may not have been a mistake getting a credit card. I may or may not put myself in a hole.
Honestly most fun I've had by far God bless the Gerrity's
My mom always says \"todo es en vida\" &amp; it's true
I want to know what it would be like to be grass
This Molly blunt later gonna have me even more faced than I was
slept like a baby
one of paper equals four of coin
Yeah!!!! Team USA!!!
Hangin out his best friends ride, tryin to holla at meeee
Every picture caption is a JT lyric
I babysat the most adorable little 3 month old today she was such a cutie!
Wait Don't Tell Me This Bitch Fuvk Stevie
I like subtweeting Erick because there's just so much to subtweet about.
GOAL!!!!!! oh shit wrong team
I've never seen so many white girls w big ass butts
props to them ppl who get into a relationship &amp; still make time for friends\/family. If not, screw you.
Happy 4th to all my followers! Enjoy!
Soccer players are hot
Damn 30seconds in and USA already scored
Is that LuLu from True Jackson V.P??? Shes really talented when shes not on a corny ass kids show
I would hate to be a fullback seem like no fun
Emenike, Moses,Musa &amp; can trouble the France back four. Sakho tackles wrongly. Emenike stay in the centre.
I swear I could never be a SAT prep teacher
SHE POPPED A MOLLY SHE SWEATIN
your hands your lips your face i love it all so much
The shit that comes out of Frankie's mouth
My nephew loves too play I remember before the nigga could walk he use too crawl wit that football lol
if I don't get an Italian ice soon someone will get hurt
I think I'm gonna pierce the middle of my lip.
My last RT is such a beautiful tweet
with no risk comes no reward
Avril lavigne is playing in china town
Itd be nice if my friends answered me on time
Someone give me a dirtscooter to rip on
my fav beer of all time East Indian Pale Ale
\"My world is empty without you\"
Duh a nigga gonna wear an American Flag shirt on July 4th\nThats like saying\"oh watch niggas wear all black to the funeral I'm going to later
Probably be beyond sleep in 30 mins; im tired but its calling my name.
This isn't good..... Altidore is hurt.
Mitroglou has been shockingly bad since coming on. Sunday morning in the park after a tank of beer the night before bad.
Swim Meet: 2014 LIAC Summer Fun Invitational \n Swimmer: Kathryn Gamble \nEvent: Girls 11-12 100 Meter Free \nPlace: 30 \n Time: 1:14.71
HB and lee for expirings sign melo plan B?
Follow me everyone 4 follow back
pa tengo tremenda hambre no termino de entrar al 15 que estoy comiendo ajajjajaj
There's a sweet presence when Jr. Higher's worship
Gotta drive my dad to work tomorrow in Ontario at 4am- __-
I can almost put my hair up in a ponytail!
If your 25 or old you should at least have your shit together by now
When are they going to cancel the damn game they've beaten that dead horse enough
Okay if you're 12 &amp; post smoking pics non stop , don't be suprised when you get hate
Good enough to tweet. What a goal!
Those are some nice genes
I just heard a cat meow...I don't have a car
Great line... \"I am Plotzing!\" Funny expression.
Procrastinating Doing The Dishes And It's One Thing Of Tupperware.
Every time the sfgiants face a pitcher making his mlb debut they swing at everything and make him look like cy young. So frustrating.
Tng&amp;*na napamura ako bigla, kailang bang i-share yang video niya? kalandian mo pre
My palms r whiter than ....thats when u know what's up
Hanging out in San Jose this weekend!
This Spurs game is a great birthday present
Even the darkest night will end &amp; the sun will rise
I hate Mondays even more after drinking all day yesterday. .. fml
Anyone around for a Sunday afternoon round of golf? 3:30 tee.
Uno se cansa de que lo dejen plantado tantas veces.
The Freak's no-hitter... Yeah! Jury duty... Blah! LOL
I still listen to the nothing was the same album
I always look at the time at 2:37 wth...
Mission wear a Red Sox shirt at Yankee stadium and not get booed at is going well
Too much freedom if you ask me
HAHAHAHHAHA LISTEN TO THE FLYERS FAITHFUL BOO THAT FUCKHEAD
About to bang my head against a wall
Anybody down to go see Real Madrid on july 26? I wanna go!
If I was famous, all these tweets would instantly have 100k fav\/retweets
Investing in braces for throwback girls in mattituck. woof.
i'm so tired, i feel weird going to bed this early though.
It's also birthday today,... HOW NEAT IS THAT?? Hope it's a great one bud!
Ghanja &gt; Ghana
Imma egg his bitch ass apartment
What type of nonsense....
ROLL UP OR NAH???!!!!!\n\n
It feels so nice to be in my comfy bed after a long day of work &lt;3
They told me to come every week.
Cuss on them Mondays &amp; pray on them Sundays
Whole time I was like whats ldr lmao
Sometimes I cant tell if people are wearing extremely short shorts, or just their underwear
\"Erybodyyyy stop showin they asscheeks lets go play flip cup\"-
I am\nYou are\nHe is\nWe are\nThey are\nHow does this make sense
Make pain to take the other pain away
Spurs are the definition of basketball!
Sometimes ireally need to control my self lol i can mess up erthang haha sorry
Why am I so tired ? Oh yeah cus I've only been working since 11
Throwing this tweet back to when ak was puking in the cab on the way to the club last night
You know it's a holiday when the van wyck clear.
I'd really like to have the job punctuating subtitles.
But I would love it, every second of it
Dumbass bitch maaan RT : My sister is such a DISAPPOINTMENT TO OUR FAMILY !
and tbh i random guessed on so many bc i ran out of time so actually this isnt all that bad
Someone bring me babs &amp; tell me I'm normal
Stick it out till the end.
I guess shit will never change dog, nothing was the same dog
Wait how did Kate come back to life???
Lol I don't party
HAVE MY CASH READDY!!!
DJ Khaled cursed the Heat.
Does anyone actually watch on late night MTV? Or are they just throwing him a bone at this point in his career?
Your 3rd Eye vision is broke.
Chick youre at a barn, stop trying to show off your cooch to the pigs.
Yo like forreal, who the fuck an 18yo man w a good financial life and a healthy body 'n mind needs?
Can't wait to throw ALL THESE PAPERS AWAY AND NEVER HAVE TO STUDY AGAIN
Self love. I'm gonna keep saying it.
Others . I hope they care ily guys xoxo brush floss pray &lt;3
USAAAA USA USA
You have no idea how much that just pissed me off
Just took us an hour to get from Times Square to Grand Central and a train isnt for 40 mins . Kill me now
There's a difference between letting go, and pretending you've forgotten.
shark tank is such a cool show
Dro swears you can't get loud from Delta
Dempsey has a nose for the ball.
All I want is you and some pizza
It's 2014.\nStop trying to convince people that One Direction are the worst band on the planet. Ok? Ok.
You've probably hit bottom if you're regularly debating in the comments section on YouTube
only gospel i ever listened to was Kirk Franklin
I'm gonna say this once, I hope NED win. Damn, my dad must be proud I just said that..Since that's the only thing in common we have and ARG!
LEAVE OUR PLAYERS ALONE
Umm y'all tweeting about the like it's on....y'all must got Direct TV or something
Longest HR this year at the K? RT : Mike Trout's home run in the 1st traveled 445 ft
Happy one year anniversary you two lovebirds
Hume Lake mode, engaged.
Oh.. I didn't know was trending at my store rn..
When bae starts to favorite your 'twitter after dark' tweets, you know it's time to log off.
Cell phone contracts, used car lots, automated IRS mazes: the glamorous side of moving back to America.
When I use to live in Elmont .MR. Softee would literally park outside my house till I came out , they love me lmao
tbt to when I named my hamster after my friends baby sister
We can be together but you scared to
Jermaine Jones!!! 1-1
I think my voice is permanently damaged.
YASSSS MOTHERFUCKING GOALLLLLLL DEMPSEY USA
My dad just bought a pair of Ray Bans. My dad is now cooler than me.
I hope girl meets world doesn't ruin the cast of boy meets world
If I know you read my message and then don't reply back, I will do the same exact thing back.
BACK TO NORMAL HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH CHRIS ROCK KILLING ME
I just want to get out into the city &amp; drink!
\"My father told me he was proud of me once... Fuckin prick\"\n-Cyrus
\"Mind if I rock that bad Larry on my dome?\" *confused look* \"... Mind if I... Wear that hat... On my head? Try it out?\"
To whoever threw two eggs at my car step up your game if your going to egg someone at least do it right
Lmao USA it's been 30 seconds... Settle down
oh my god mike and Danny kidnapped me god bless america
I Love My Colombian People ...Buuut Brazill Got This!!
Dude the president is getting sued by the speaker of the house.
maybe in some other lifetime or somewhere down the road we might meet up at the right time.
This rain makes me so incredibly happy
Everybody thinks it's crazy, but I think it's exactly what I need .
Hoopin and i swear no one is shorter then 6foot but me.
How dare you take my leg machine you old wrinkly man
Everyone is all of a sudden a privateer ??
Just left went to washington heights now headed to queens ! Never stop going hard for my ashy and classy fans!
Just ate 2 racks of ribs
Be there for you, dedicate my time for you. Connect with you, make sure you laugh &amp; help you get through the worst.
Greece made a good run
feel like I've articulated this before in so many ways, but what to do when you realize happiness for you is being in a state of unhappiness
YESSS FUCK YEAHHHH
I zont know what to wear Tn
I'm so stupid an never see reality I'm my face
youre a fucking douche\nwhy would i think that you have changed\npathetic
I would have fuckd his ass up... I should have hah
This is a blessing. Altidore Is shit
I wonder how many miles I traveled this spring and how many I will this summer for baseball
Cant sleep...its 7:30am here. Think I might palu me some kava lol
Lines at chipotle are forever long
Didn't think I was gonna cry but that ending smacked me right across the face
Can you just like go back to prison where you belong ? Lol
I Put A Lot Of Y'all Chicks On, Ya'll Wasn't Known Till I Put Ya'll In The Spotlight
You bitch about acceptance of body mods at work but turn around and say that any music without screaming is unacceptable...
Can we watch a movie
Movie was fuckin greatttttt think
I'm like really stressing myself out right now for no reason whatsoever
Anyone doing stuff for pride tonight in the Bay Area?
I'm a bout to turn down for \"turn down for what!?\"
Yung ibang pilipino diyan hindi na raw marunong magtagalog kasi 9 yrs old lumipat. If I knew nagtatagalog kayo sa bahay. Echosera
Cracks me up when people that don't like me or talk to me in person like my pictures.
USA viewing party at Sinapis is popping off
\"If I was a guy, I'd have all the bitches\" - my lovely roommate
Love getting chased by some lady after cutting her off !
Party in the USA is gonna be stuck in my head alllllllll day
Today is day do yourself&amp;your partner the courtesy&amp;get tested...Your only hurting you&amp;the 1s u care about
My body is so wet. People wants to finger it.
It'd be nice to live a children's story every now and then
Jay jay from criminal minds is so pretty
people are so confusing. I hate these games.
I can't trust no outside niggas cause they can tell on me
Just got outta work n I'm going crazy
And yea im throwing subs like yo ass dosent do the same...
don't wana be here, my class boring
Ay nojoda... fuchi argentina.
I won't let this die down.
Watching Jim Furyk on Feherty makes we want to root for him even more. Solid, genuine and human.
Gooooooooool??? USA??? 2-0 fuck you Portugal
Bis jetzt haben alle Gruppensieger gewonnen. Das bedeutet dass morgen Argentinien und Belgien gewinnen werden.
Ouch, had literally an HOUR long \"power play\" &amp; lose!!! must be fugly right now!
My co-worker was doing push-ups while I sat and ate Taco Bell.
Gooooooooolll de hpta!!!!!
Lil wayne probably only shouts out his daughter cause that's the one that EVERYBODY KNOW and if he do his others niggas gon be like \"whaa\"
i am politely telling you to go fuck yourself on ur way out of my room.
No ones gonna hit you harder than life..
they making a new Roots aye
I wanna go to a del taco, any opinions??????
Omfg 18min till im home \nyes yes yes
Why give a bitch your heart when she'd rather have chipotle
Seat number cool!
wooohoooooo! go go
Las mulatas son el simbolo de la sensualidad y el exotiqueo
Why does this weather have to be shitty on this day wtf!!!!
That's what got my daddy locked up in the dog pound
Today is going to be such a wonderful day!
Lmfaoo why are there eleven year olds following me on Instagram
its weird looking at the people you started this year with and with who you are with halfway through.
Watching Grey's Anatomy from the beginning on Netflix really makes me miss the old episodes
I know a lot of bitches that's not following me but stay checking up on my page nah lil mama the nigga ain't on my page
GOAL ALREADY YESYESYESSSSS 20 SECONDS
How did Sheila Jackson Lee visit illegal kids when Rep Brisendine (R) was excluded in his own district?
I'll be right by your side till 3005
Remeber that miami got out to a good start too dont get too comfortable lol
If I have a daughter I'm going to name her Yarris
Just fell asleep during the opening act no prob
not sure if someone just cut me or not
Es que.. Ya no puedo mas
I've been drunk since 4:30 help me
KATE IS A GOON FOR THAT ONE
work hard now or else you'll never get out of here
teen wolf tonight guys I'm so excited
My back hurts so much :c
Idk how much more of this shit I can put up with.
Very excited to watch this tomorrow Go
Fuckinn round , But I don't even Like Him frfr , Just leading .... hope he feel the same ctfuu Auriean shut up
That was my favourite Skype call ever
Okay I never want to leave New York
So I dropped my phone in the toilet lol
Can you sing me to sleep? I don't feel good.
Milwaukee Bucks franchise is crashing harder than a drunk teenage girl when a passionate love ballad starts playing.
Do your research before you tweet, guys
\/ie-CIZN\nStephen First Ex. Dir, CSI Ctr for Int'l Svcs. presents on comprehensive internationalization
Gonna write a utility \"tcot\": its output is unpredictable, it's of questionable utility, and people swear it made sense 20 years ago
I feel a goal coming
Tuesday 90 degrees!!!! Dayyyumm. Beach day. JK i have no friends.
My cousin and I are both going to school in New Mexico. Bringin that Cali sweg. Lmao
But is about ah nigga name America
man fuck teen mom. even tho prolly like 50% of my tweets were about that shit... i just can't anymore
Too many beautiful women with ugly insecurities
Everything gets hotter when the sun goes down
Shits gonna get real if my tv doesn't stop blacking out
Ha!! Lmao RT : I'm actually for this \"anal bleaching\" thing because some of you assholes need to lighten up
I still cant believe kate is alive they need to bring somebody else back from the dead !!
my dad needs to chill the fuck ouuuttt
So disappointed with the Supreme Court today.What an ignorant ruling&amp;oversight of the many health,non sexual benefits the pill provides
Bro I'm always here for you bby G
I'm just gonna go home. Don't feel like the gym today.
When people say pedo hahaha
And now my week will be complete when I see in \"Cabaret\" tomorrow night. Oh I hope we can get a selfie.
Para que una mujer sea totalmente exitosa, debe conducir bien, estacionar bien y hasta de retroceso.
Everytime i hear ZBB on the radio I get sooooooo excited for the dicks opennnnn.
Why can't I retweet some people
Que the American hero
Been on some extra dick head shit lately idc doe
lmfao I feel sooo dumbbbbb
John Faulise throwing part 2 tonight. Invite everybody
all i do is work &amp; school y todavia chingando la madre que no sirvo pa nada!
Just realized the monkey in that movie (see last tweet) was named Dodger because the little girl was a Dodgers fan. Eww.
Bueno siguen las sorpresitas..
the heat are officially done ..
Drop my stinky off she ain't pay me no mind bc her best friend there lol
HEY CAM CALL ME MAYBE?
RIGHT NOW IM HELLA HIGH AND SCARED TO GO TO THE ON THE RUN TOUR BY MYSELF. THAT SHIT IS GONNA BE LIT!!
First time in my bed in four and a half days. It never felt so good.
At least our fans still badder than yours HAHA \": Fuckin Heat man smfh\"
Vintage Messi there. First time they string some passes &amp; let Messi finish rather than asking him to do everything
I just walked to my room and got my charger and some deodorants cus my armpits was smelling hella wild
I rather live my life not knowing then knowing it excites me.
I hate when people at work just stand around doing nothing, expecting their shit to magically get done.
This bus driver gives no fucks when it comes to red lights. He just blew right through 2 of them.
Really hate tim
when you get what you want but not what you need
I tried giving soccer a chance but I still honestly couldn't give a shit about it
Chile I'm the epitome of black people never on time. Lmao
i need a good movie to watch on netflix.
Can't get through the day without an afternoon nap
JACOB TODAY IM 2 MONTHS CLEAN FROM SELF HARMING!!! YAY!! I DID IT
LOL @ my supervisors adding me on Facebook.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
My room is way too dark I refuse to go in there rn
Come on !!!
Morning everyone, On my way to penn station
Hate when I'm about to tweet something but all of a sudden a picture is about to post. Like no I don't want to tweet a picture.
Jones literally just destroyed physics with that shot.
Hey loud talkers: shut up. And that's obvious.
I'm here just chlkin watching seed of chucky and hit me up on Kik at norbertmw316
forgive &amp; forget, bitch I already forgot
The Ticos magic continues!!
Wish I would have kept going in the music industry
How could the pirates trade ? That is preposterous!
I honestly don't care as long as I pass chemistry
Wen u call somebody nd they dnt answer but they text u bck..tf...
You're listening to a small town girl who payed very close attention.
Because of Do the Right Thing, every time I go into a local pizzeria, I check to see if there are any iconic black figures on their walls.
Tuned into ESPN radio just in time for Dempsey goal. GO
We got new kids trays at work and theyre adventure time themed. So happy.
Cant you see im bound in chains? I found my way, i'm bound to you.
Why's the varsity still in this mess?
Pucci the only GOOD black character JoJo needs
A dope girl who's down to medicate &gt; a girl who's a trashy drunk
In 7 dayss I'll be in his arms again &lt;3
if your not doing speed what are you doing
The season is literally about to end omg
I essentially got paid to watch a soccer game at work. I ain't even mad
99% sure this girl working out in jeans shorts and flip flops is either drunk or lost
Tht sad thing about today is tht i got work lol gota get this money doe
Dance Yrself Clean sped up remix is my anxiety nightmare
Had to delete some of those tweets. I'm angry for no reason. I must apologize
Takeaways on visually appealing but too many characters and too long. Totally dug that robot factory uses boxes
cool thing is when you learn all the time you mess up all the time
Not everything is a god damned metaphor\nYour chaotic inner life. \nNeighbor's yorkie isn't\nCerberus\nYour bath water isn't the wine dark\nsee.
You trying to hit tomorrow
SG has price controls on pharmaceuticals, but a less costly regulatory regime, and a less costly tax policy.
Winning in Walk off fashion 2 nights in a row!! Just an awesome team effort the past 2 nights. Blessed to be able to play with these guys!!!
God damn I love the new Sorority Noise record
WE THE UNDERDOGS
That was a great goal USA!!!!
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool la puta madreee!!!
LETS FUCKING GO
Gonna get moderately drunk tn, nothing special
I don't understand why my mom makes food she knows I don't like
How will I know - Sam Smith. When you listen you will know.
If its meant to be its meant to be
Let's see if I can go an entire day with out tweeting, starting in.. 3,2,1 go
Smart marketing: offering free low end appetizers after ordering and free low end dessert. Makes guilt kick in and tip higher
My pops and your cousin talking about marriage
We've got Batman, Wonder Woman, Superman AND Teddy Roosevelt in the stands. Talk about the Justice League!
\"You guys look like terrorists\" thanks mom
LeBron: 31 points, 10 rebounds, 5 assists. 0.62 TS%, 1 turnover. 1.19 PPP. Clearly, this is all his fault.
FC novo da minha amiga SIGAM AEE&gt; x1
working on my butt I need a nice butt
FC novo da minha amiga SIGAM AEE&gt; x2
Seriously though will someone please walk across the stage barefoot!? Continue the legacy that and I started!
Slightly stoopid rn &gt;&gt;
I am not your five minute cigarette break, you can not just put me out after lighting me up.
It's crazy how quickly I made NYC my home
So much of chat w &amp; at focused on empathy being at heart of real leadership.
shoukd always forget to take their warmup kits off
The only girl I still kiss sometimes is
I think I'm losing my voice...
Lil Wayne used to be the shit with the carter 3
\"I don't know what a holla back girl is but I want her dead\" -Brian Griffin lmao
Nigga stfu before I put the nudes your girl just sent me on the news feed.
I apologize for anything I ever done wrong to anyone..no one deserves to be hurt
I'm about to give up please!!!!
Smh i hate watching football with haitians parent
Can't wait to sleep forever
My great dane \"puppy\" can already walk up onto the couch not jump. But walk
none of my friends want to come see shawn with me
seriously psyched for these next 8 weeks
hate when I feel like shade is being thrown .
If someone acts like they don't give a fuck about me... I'm not gonna try anymore
Get the fuck up omfg
The rudeness of some people NEEDS to go
My cuzins in Mexico are getting fat like crazy. They took this \"Worlds most Obese Nation \" title serious.
I love 's hair !!!
You can give her yo bread not me.
Fuck I am not feeling good about my tests tomorrow.
IF YOU ONLY WANT PEOPLE 5'8\" OR TALLER PUT IT IN THE BREAKDOWN
Toronto Raptors 'till I die.
Counterfit homies we dont deal wit over here
He scored that goal with his cock
you know an artist is wack when they have to perform that one hit they made years ago in order for ppl to recognize them
I really don't see the reason of lying to me.. Like I just don't.
IT HASN'T EVEN BEEN A MINUTE
Feeelin the ac as I lay on my bed is perfect right now
Season premier for was a great way to start making up for crappy last season!
I never knew it'd be this hard..I miss you so much Miguel. My heart feels so heavy yet I feel so empty... I don't know what to feel
And if you lose yourself, I will find you....
kuba just asked the waiter for a bud light at the restaurant were at.....he's 7
Cupertino boys hoop coach Craig Ellegood son Jake plays for SC Westside
How tf I didn't know she was British?
Hot melty cheese ESPN! We're here till 5pm today on Ronzo Rd. In Bristol!
I dont think I would've survived chemistry if it wasnt for the following people
I go to work an hour before babe gets off. They only need me for 4 hours today but, still.. She left at 8 this morning &amp; i miss her :(
Things I have to do: laundry and pack. Things I'm not doing: laundry and packing.
Cannot wait to have off tomorrow
Now u can clearly see the difference between Chris Rock n Kevin Hart.. clown!
Probably aggravated my already sore
once again i apologize to those who follow central people but don't go to central
-puts penis inside vagina- \n*hacker voice* \"Alright, I'm in.\"
What was i thinking \n\nI wasn't
tem uma garota que to gostando
The bitch face in natural
I Don't Care... WTF You Wear... If You Ugly You Just Need To Accept That Shit B!
Yay I start my classes tomorrow
TWC apparently isn't working in all the upper east side. No wifi no cable during the nigh?
My aunt is that snuggle pic when she telling her embellished stories. smh.
all i know is i deserve a milk tea after all of this....
I'm excited because I find out tomorrow if I've been accepted for the summer program in NYS.
Dempsey is USA Soccer
good shit rollins by picking up the win
\"Yes! I just got AIDS\" -
I guess I just like the same type. No one to blame but myself
If you're looking for my love, know that love don't live here anymore
What night and time does Orange Is The New Black come on? I keep missing it somehow, I need to set the VCR
Good to be back in the 831
So a possum just ran across the street ten feet in front of me
driving force behind recovery is you
If you use physical abuse\/domestic violence in your relationship, just know that it will NEVER work.
These fat girls are taking selfies on the shuttle bus
Man said Joe Biden was our president...
Was that u manu?
No Fred Couples at FGC this weekend? Not sad I'm missing this years event
If you're a girl who lives in the USA and is rooting for Portugal because of Ronaldo, you should probably get deported
\"I think that you deserve some form of apology. So here I am, and here it is- I'm sorry.\"
Going to do my least favorite shopping..
It's been a crazy, hectic week..but today ended on a good note! =)
- ' ' Me Encontraste' Si Me Busca'
kickoff show is staring in about 5 minutes on the . .
Idk I think too much for my own well being
I still feel like nobody knows who Diplo is
I burned the hell out of my stomach and legs today damn
let me pregame 4 tonight lol
If I wanted your help....I WOULD HAVE FRACKING ASKED FOR IT!!!
My butt needs some serious toning from sitting in seats 10 hours a day
Long Day ahead I'm about to knock frfr
No fucking way1
So sad im missing the game tomorrow :( work is gonna suck more than usual :(
Anybody feel like callin a nigga??
Since when does everyone watch basketball
Oh you workout an hour a day? That's cool. I do it for FOUR AND A HALF
Pretty sure has the same dress that this guy just came in wearing.
I'm all for ceremonially burning my physics notes but I'll probably need them for AP next year
I vote for no water break this half.
Does anyone else want a hotel room I'm Akron for HOF weekend. I have a few left @ $119 or a suite @ $169+tax per night. Last chance. RT
Soccer makes me so happy
It's a hard life living with natural bitch face
Anyone know why half The Battery is blocked off by ?
Applebee's earlier was so clutch
Semi drunk playing nascar online and randomly running out of my room and throwing a mini beach ball at my dad while he eats ice cream.haha
Some people have really hard lives
So fuvking pissed! What kind of illuminati shit is this?!
Home from work; just gonna chill in the AC sip on iced tea until gym time.
No sour grapes allowed
I JUST SAW A CATERPILLAR THAT LOOKED LIKE A FRENCH FRY OMG DAY JUST MADE
you WANT to look like another nigga? RT : So y'all saying I don't look like rich homie?
Got roped into watching Donald Duck cartoons on his nook. Still love it.
Swear people be traveling to other cities just to hop on the hype for new food places...
Y'all really don't think imma mad
My ears are behaving. I'm happy about that.
There's like no nearby Taco Bell here &amp; I wana cry.
If you're overweight and you are on a diet, you should not have cheat days.
Mom: \"All Kim Kardashian does is walk around screwing up her face with P-Diddy\" LOL you mean *making a duck face and *kanye
Wish I saw the new season of Teen Wolf !!!
Some people prey on the weak minded. A mental fuck is the best way to fuck you over. Stay Level Headed.
Living my life like its golden
But say, dis mennes mean we, aswer down!!
Me and John pretty much carried that team though.
Stargazing by myself aka perfect night
Anyone know if the purge is in netflix I wanna see it so I can see the first one
Things in life are conquered alone and the only person that got you is you.
I'll never be satisfied
I hate that my work schedule is me either opening or closing
I don't understand certain things or people but I'm not even on some get to understand shit
Be leaving me on dark d for the longest before he answers
So on to the ocean and into the sea, wash away all my problems, wash away memories.
a la ver*a todo,cambiare mi icon :)
You know you're hammered when you order 30 wings from Davys.......
Redneck crazy... How fitting for this morning. Thank you 92.5
Just watched an African American male reach over and grope his female passenger at a stop light. I love tinted windows and America.
Wearing a hat and sunglasses inside every store I go into in NYC so people think I'm famous
.Great question. and will touch on that, but we can make it more clear. (1\/2)
When your own friend trolls you for no reason. &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Portugal is next lmao
try to find beauty in everything
I'm horrible at making big decisions
I question a lot of things
This video took literally 5 minutes to upload... My wifi is so weird
I hope they dont Rihanna my baby Jhene
I Told You Argentina Had This
I can't believe I'm walking into The Habit in cheetah leggings and a cat shirt.
YOU HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA HOW CLOSE I Was to DEATH
This woman looks like Regina's mom on switched at birth
It ALWAYS looks like 1 am in the DB Sanctuary.
this man Jermaine Jones has never hit a ball like that in his life
Anxiously awaiting 's reaction to Hobby Lobby.
Frankenstein is on syfy yas
Feel like I never get enough sleep
Logan op for school starting on Aug.27
Dempsey ate that hit up like a boss
Why is all i want to eat right now is ice cream?
Need new music on my phone..... or some old classics... whichever
I love you pleas Cameron. Please
never put mike in a group chat
its always sad when someone parents die
con mi boca puedo besar cada parte de tu cuerpo!
Just felt someone sit on my bed. Oh hell nahhh
Tell her she's the perfect combination of sexy and cute
I speculate so much at night its crazy how much my mind just goes in all different directions
13 is the lucky number for bofademz!
Honestly tho, why doesn't hate me?
Getting shot in the butt with an airsoft gun doesn't feel good
At my first high school party! I graduated a year ago.
Damn already lol
Just got free alcohol at Starland from Samsung! Having a Samsung pays off....
Didn't get drafted yesterday in the NBA. I know I'll get the call today.
I'm pretty sure Jacob has me on mute
Going to to see
Praying for non violence and peace in Iraq
Some bitch on Facebook seriously just tried justifying a man molesting a girl from the age of 10-14. Go kill yourself do us a favor.
Hate when I catch an obvious subtweet and you hit the person up like wassup with that sub tho and they like, it wasn't for you.... smh -_-
The thrill of live theatre- never a full moment ;)
My friends sleep in at my house while I go to school :)
8 eggs later and im off to bed
Ratchet Ho and Skank
Anyone is replaceable when you have a burrito.
SHOUTOUT to our current and deceased vets
arguably the shittiest feeling like ever
Yeah let's call AT&amp;T customer service when your at a fucking music festival.
My 10 yr old cousin has a deeper voice than i.....
It's been about 4yrs since The Hills ended and my Mum will still stay obsessing over Heidi and Spencer Pratt
SIX FLAGS FOR THE FIRST TIME ON FRIDAY AND I'M JUICED
I just want to drink &amp; this rain is fucking shit up.
I really dont feel like being emotionally invested in someone . To just have my emotions fucked with
But I am not sleeping. No way Jose!
Next season lakers got this
Great summer activity: you coming over to clean my apartment.
Arthur, you are not welcomed here. Go away!
Wow, 1-0 OoOoOSSSSAAAA
If you don't play Fifa with only International teams during the World Cup who are you?
Try and realize a situation before you go off on them for months and constantly make them feel like crap.
The fact that tonight is a school night for me...
summer doesn't start until I pass chem
Manu my new fav player
I DID SO MICH RUNNING TODAY FOR SOFTBALL BUT I DIDNT RUN OUT OF BREATH AS MUCH AND COULD STILL GO ON IM PROUD OF MYSELF
Most hosts are so tidy and clean, they put me to shame.
So hurt right now. Why am I never enough
Man i gtta be up at 7 bt all I can do is think about her
If injuries keep coming like this we'll have to put in .
\": 7 minutes of extra sleep in the morning seriously does matter to .\"Ahaha xD
What a mess you are! Wow
lol thanks for ruining my birthday
Life must be pretty easy when my toughest decision is whether I want to wear my navy sp.ops shirt or red white and blue
Gunit Anthem and Dipset Anthem are prolly the best anthems from any group
If I cut back on carbs I would lose so much weight but pasta is life
Is it a bad thing if I can't exactly remember the last thing I ate? Ehehehe......
freers man cave exploded when jones scored
Everyone chases love but in the end when you lose it your cold. Why would anyone want to chase that.
some weak delicate girl that will definitely get pregnant on high school like wtf ok im not fucking stupid stfu
And it's also Follow Friday!!? Happy days have arrived!!
Happy 4th of July to those who have served and those who are serving this great country.
Buffalo loves SAMs in the first round.
If they woke me out the dirt ain't money adding up to what you bitches did , loyalty before royalty is what you bitches said
If you don't drink on the train you're gonna have a bad time.
I wish I could apologize to you and tell you straight up everything but I don't know how to and im sorry that no one believes me
where's bae :(
Chat w\/ Serxy ahahahHahahabaha Que curaaa
Get the fuck up you pussy
Prompt Poetry for 591\n\nSEEDS OF GREED\n\nFrom \nPlant deeply
I always laugh at de N word. :c
honestly a lot of ppl in Miami are gross lmao
That was one of the hardest things I had to do.
Dreams bout you. But its best if we just stay away...
i kind of want a neck tattoo.................................
\"that came out wrong\"\n\"you came out wrong\"
As long as you're happy who the hell cares!!!
I give props to my fb no lie , if I was dealing with somebody like myself I would of been done left me .
VAMOS BOSNIA CARAJOOOOOO
It's sad when you have to block someone on snap chat
Yes I knew she was gonna win
Big-time players make big time plays in big games. Carey's Andrew Ris is in that class. His recovery of an onside kick should seal it.
I swear the gym is the best stress reliever ever
I wanna get my hair straightened and cut but I don't fuck with too many people touching my hair.
So I finished all of season 1 of OITNB and I have to say it lived up to the hype
I didn't send a single text message today. Best day ever.
My mama 3 for 3 of 5 so far with kids to at least go to college, plus my God sisters and brother, ain't so bad. We steady striving tho..
The music at work be on point .. They be playing my favorite artist
Darragh has been talking about cat pregnancy all day. His ten week year old kitten is pregnant
I hope you make a difference for the Islanders!
This guy over hear is doing Bane impersonations
It's hot af
Morse was like \"look what I found\", ha ha.
The heat are embarrassing themselves now. Missing easy layups and ish
phone died, lost my wallet, said fuckit and went to the beach with my kids. had a great day came home and found my wallet!!!
What im saying is be free from thinking about it
\"I feel like a she's a little mexican bird\"
I wanna cut my hair but I don't.. U know??
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhht USA 2 Portugal 1
\"Hes hungry, but not really really hungry\"
Bush movement keepin it 1hunnide day since one
Katy Freels &gt; Allie Long.
My church offers no absolution, she tells me worship in the bedroom
Vagueeeeee I'm bored
Does it really take so much work to get a charger?
I can't believe I don't hate cady.. Normally I would hate someone's guts if I saw them every day for 6 weeks
i think i've been told 589174925491 times in my life that i have good music taste like YES i will never get tired of hearing that (-:
Rogue Legacy is so fucking hard omg
I really hope Jozy isn't done, didn't look pleasant
No clue why I'm still up
The Message on BET is actually really good
When it's real, it'll last long beyond the rumors and bullshit..
Don't wait on nobody . People tend to waste your time .
\"Our senior prank will be stealing Connor Millias's clothes and tying him to the flag pole\"
I shoulda played football in high school smh
Got sun burnt to shit today
I got zero tolerance for bullshit , my temper really low .
I'm lovin what you doin cus u do it right
What a strike! Jones!!! USA USA USA!
hey everyone sorry about taking long to reply......please hit my cell phone for quicker replies
Honoring the great Tony Gwynn
Is food important when trying to get a girl to like you?
I'm late but jermaine Fucking Jones
Vegas just motivated me to get as much money as I can and stay on vacay for life
\": That's the worst. Did you get a good amount last night?\" A little bit
This game is abouta get super ducking interesting, and I dont even watch soccer
Then the this is it movie comes out
I really fucked that up, didnt I?
USA USA USAAAAAA
On the real no lie, I don't know what it is but you're just my type.
Wow we've been in this car for like hours and we haven't barely moved what the heck i wanna go home
Honestly don't know how I'm walking
\": of course I only crave chick fil a on Sundays.\" Story of my life
RIP Dempsey's nose
Rollin in the swisher sweet got shorty waitin for me in the hilton suite
I don't understand why I'm up... Almost 4 AM
Lol u could tell who works by the ppl who get up early !!
Messi what a goal!
Q-ing up for some famous tots before they officially close their doors.
Why are these niggas dressed like a group of defendants
When Rihanna dies, I call dibs on her vocal chords.
But the minute I lay down I'm KOing so
It was a false alarm. I will now shower with anxiety for the rest of the summer.
Francia-Alemania??? Si por mi fuera ya quisiera que estuviesen fuera los 2!!!!!!
I see you..
I'm over here calling shots &amp; shit lmao
To everyone driving tonight, be careful!!
Hoping the next Sunrise Skater Kids song is easycore with synth leads and breakdowns
Do I trust a bitch nahhhhhh
Can't wait for and to arrive miss you guys
Seth Rogan has me dead rofl.
A episode or 2 of The Walking Dead them im out for the night.
I know is hyped. Congrats homie.
Damn that was fast USA goin hard!
And I still haven't eaten yet today.
If I don't pass this level by tomorrow I'm deleting the game and never looking back!!!!!
Spurs baby! Keep it rollin
X-factor tour Little Mix
I'm Botta Slap The Shit Out My Moms Truthfully
I never knew you could lose touch with people who once made your world go round. But you move on and you keep the friendships that last.
LOL okay cool I'll remember that...
Watching Bring It On and Grace and I realize that is Sparky Palastry.
I got 99 problems but you won't be one like wuuttttttt
My phone is extremely hot rn
The best thing about having friends from the south in town is bringing them to
This pimple on my head got me feeling like the talking boil boy from the odd parents
It's almost 5am but here I am still thinking about you
\"Yo those studs are lookin so pretty in those ears, I wanna make you my princess\"
That was a strike and a half
Let's talk about how perfect my hair color is - thanks love
Gonna really miss some of the people I've spent the last ten days with
When y'all both sleep and she pulls her leg on you and begins to rub your hair &gt;&gt;&gt;
Some people don't like telling the truth and others can't handle hearing it
I almost shit my self because I thought the actual Lauren Conraf favoritedy tweet but no.. It was
Hope the Mets get rained out tonight. I have tickets and no luck selling on stubuub or to friends.
It's almost 4 and I ain't even tired
On a scale of 1 to jealous of people going to firefly i'm at about a 496
OKC message: \"you say you're petite...how petite are we talking here?\" If you have to ask, my dude, we're probably already done.
17 Ans!!that's it. Sa yo bay timoun isit manje. Damn
NOW CAN YOU STOP FUCKING SCREAMING AT ME! Jesus H Christ, I left the room &amp; you're STILL SCREAMING FROM THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE HOUSE!
Ugh I need to fixes the honda like ASAP
I'm so blind I can't even see the tv from the couch without my contacts unless I squint :-(
American u know I had to cop that foreign
Alotta dimes at the beach today. Im liking the view
You can only try so hard before you give up
Question of the day: why'd I wear jeans?
plus I've got the best boyfriend in the world who wants to take me sooo
\"Lauren I have the spins I need to relax\"
DEMPSEY!!! 31 secconds. Just wow
it gets me so tight that i know who oomf is talking about
I've been meaning to ask you how life looks from the nose bleed seats
Thank god for weed . Good day sir .
I have an option to either be very cynical today about Independence Day or not. I haven't decided yet.
Costa Rica ya hizo historia, grandes
I feel like I have so much to do today!
What if the NEWS about Facebook's social experiment to alter moods is just another piece of the experiment!? @
Beasley out here auditioning for another team
Th world will never know
KSJC 221453Z 00000KT 10SM FEW200 14\/09 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP137 T01440094 51011
Here's one. Know what's sad? Airport goodbyes.
I miss , we still wanna paint you and also put you in a bald cap.
Literally by far the sickest experience of my entire life
I want my legs tanner !
I want to stop watching episodes of OITNB but I can't.
Really want to see Deliver Us From Evil
I'm not telling one person I rap when I'm in school. Not dealing with the fakeness again
I hope an old Chinese woman visits and tells him exactly when he will die. Thanks for the spoiler dude.
She also said my sk8-his are horrible and ratchet
It's astonishing my phone hasn't cracked into 100 pieces considering I drop it 10 times a day
hectors fake af for not waiting for me to watch this movie
Didn't know Brian Wilson played for POR
Ha well Kidd back at his coach killing ways next up for the firing squad is Larry Drew-Larry come on down!!! Love Kidd to be banished to MIL
I thought i made it when she accepted my request. But she didnt follow back. Lmao
So i need friends with a pool
Stumbling upon the of in will complete any night. putting smiles on so many faces
No replay on TV? Games overlap all over the world all the time. That's why pubs have multiple TVs on the wall.
yeah I still read Harry Potter fanfiction what of it
Come over for a fireeeee &amp; s'mores
If you weren't a bitch maybe we could have a not.al conversation
Wow Heather was such a witch to Shannon. Instead of a new compound the Dubrows should buy some class.
can't wait for the new music. album gonna slayy.
Gorgeous house though small I say go for it guys a carriage house even!!!!
Said ol boy look like static shock
Pharrell and Badu sharing the same hat ?
the goalie was like da fuq
Need new people to talk to
Only I can have one not my husband lol
Wow. This job just kicked my ass. Now I have to drive an hour back, smh.
Ronaldo Weak A'F
Mi mami ya no me quiere.
I don't get how people think my sister is hot
I don't ask for much. I just ask to not make me look stupid.
I love it when people call me nati
If we never talk again, was your time wasted?
Word too I wudda smacked tf outta mimi \"I like wat I like\" bitch !!!!
Going to panic at the disco with !!!\nI heart Brendon\n4 lyfe
I've learned that I have a big ass head .
Im not worried bout wat the next man got...
Thoughts on Sam gagner l?
Mariah Carey is my queen. Fuck all y'all
Spontaneous human combustion.
Definitely gonna take a nap before I do anything else today
Need someone new in my life
Your not my MCM till I know it's real
that's cool that u went to a concert but please don't post videos of you horribly dancing to the music with nobody around you...............
Looking at hit the floor I live for this show
If your twitter handle starts with \"iam\" or \"thereal\" or is trademarked, I judge you immensely.
I hope you make it out.
Silence is normally really soothing and relaxing for me, but right now it's just creepy.
BRAH IF TWITTER TELLS ME WHAT EVERYONE ELSE IS \"TALKING ABOUT\" ONE MORE TIME IMMA LOOSE IT.
Late at night I want you the most
im the nigga boy they love me in the streets
But if jake dalton was at camp when i was I'd cry 24\/7
Who wants to go to the gym ?
When will my parents understand you can't zoom on instagram
'til the wheels fall off.
It makes me sad when people can't be happy for others success. Someone else succeeding does not take away your chance to.
Don't act out ma.
Much like buttholes, families are supposed to be right.
I'm actually happy I went to the gym with my poppa
I never plan things because that leads to expectations&amp;expectations lead to disappointments so I kinda just let things play out on their own
Wake n bake for 4th of July. God bless America
Apparently, wearing a shirt is now optional
She really talked me off the bridge
Might have to tweet some myrt lyrics
Let's gooooooooooo baby usaaaaaaa
People got alotta shit twisted
If I don't go to bluehole this week I might go crazy
This is research! This bourbon needs my closest attention. Apologies that it is superior to your conversations in this establishment.
for mirror mirror by hands down the best barley wine I've ever had. complex and smooth
nothing like a nice smack in the face.
*Put on my glasses* Wow, I really need to get my prescription changed. Then realized I was already wearing my contacts.
PLANE TICKETS FINALIZED!!!
IDC you gotta have mad stamina to play soccer
Fuck I'd would have been crying if that happened to me
Ignore Dakota day! Yayy! Im not gonna text him either so we are all in on it!
To go out or to stay in.
19th floor ruled the day good day 1 for companies
I love the World Cup, don't get me wrong.... But watching it on the is an act of communism.
The connected home has been a non-starter geek dream for decades. Normal people don't get the cost-benefit ratio. Why would that change?
Keystone ice to start off this wonderful morning
And I'll feel you forget me like I use to feel you breath
CLINT OMGGGGGGGGGG FUCKKKKKK I DONT WHATS HAPPENING SO HAPPY
I can't sleep till I know my baby's home safe .
i cant believe today is the last day of school imma miss all the people who are leaving ps50 i luv all the people there well some of them
That would've a dope Trance song...but its already been kilt. Dammmmmit...
HOLY SHIT JOINED THANKS SO MUCH
I can finally set up for a job interview!!
A northern fairytale begins \"Once upon a time ..\" A southern fairytale begins \"Y'all ain't gonna believe this s**t!\"
I don't wanna give you tha wrong impression
Messi would of made that
Living in SF can be such a socially isolating place for black professionals. There are so few of us here.
Everyone turns away from you when you need them the most.
Damn nani is a puss man
alright who's gonna have the party now and where the fuck am I boutta sleep tonight
Bro this sandwich is about to be life
Tryna get bck into the gym grind after slackin for a month is A REAL struggle
I'm like a gold digger but for chores
Dude I just saw my new neighbor holy crap he's buff as shit
I don't know if I'm happy that I'll be home in 2 weeks. :\/
Oh shit. She want the pussy to herself
Beverley is getting on my laaaaaaaast nerve
Today's one of those days that I just feel like smashing everything I see.
Kanye West and outkast headlining 'Life is Beautiful'..........IM THERE.
Telling myself to rebuild and rebound
So mad that I work when Belgium plays
Ice cream in car for house dinner. Air conditioning on full to keep it from melting. Shivering. Amused.
I throw down in the car I ain't even give a shit
he only say he love one of his kids... I woulda been tight.
Amazed how much better t-mobile has gotten in SF since my visit in 2012 all bars hspda all the time even in Moscone
I miss playing soccer so much
Im sorry Cudi but everything youve released after man on the moon two is absolute garbage and i cant even listen to it
2 cops chillin in HS parking lot. Watch out
Wish I could find a word that amounted to how much I hate you and wanna see you in a cell until you turn 90.
Idk how to or what to do to let go
The Laura struggle is real right now
Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day
Got the social network popo on my ass
Kenz has such a good atitude, wish I could have that
Why does it have to rain and fuck up the day
I don't know, like I can't get myself to date. I can't be with someone for so long &amp; not know if an engagement is in the process.
Work until you make it, never take a day off
I love any more with seth rogan
It's funny how everybody in my house thought I was at work and I was with my bf this whole time. Lol
alguien sabe cuanto cuesta el balon del mundial
Hahaha! U neva kno it disgusting wen ya seh fuq me baby fuq me lolz
This episode wass too crazy dont want to wait till next spring for the next season
Ive been working out all day and i feel fucking pumped
paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
SHE CAN HAVE ALL MY BABIES MY G
I definitely have narcolepsy
Did I miss the memo? Or forget to mark my emotional calendar? Lol
\"I'm a daner fly... Or a butter dan\"
GUYS TEENTOP :))))))) IM SO HAPPY
do you ever miss someone so much that it hurts
Who dat who dat it's me
My friend told me the other day that I'm so calm in my videos and not like my real crazy self. Hm.... I think she's right
Great to see you tonight. Happy 3 year anniversary to an amazing hero of marriage equality.
THAT KICK HURT MY NOSE
dont even have a best friend anymore guess im over it
I'm so glad has some dimmeess for girls
Marital Status: I guess she couldn't get used to the Collar &amp; leash ! So Single!
The more I do, the more there is to do. Can that possibly be right?
How you shout out 1 child?
Call 916-766-1079 and request SHAWNS song \n\nI will individually dm you to Bethany mota, jacob, and Cody Simpson \n\nShow proof! (Call record)
Honestly I need Shabbat it's like a break from everything
No white ASU professor would be thrown to the ground or put in handcuffs by ASU cops.
To start adding all of my teachers on Facebook or na....
Part of my own personal growth is understanding that a flower can't grow in the palm of my hands. I have to learn to let things go.
My sleep is all messed up.
Robben dives alot... He was once a madridsta... Coincidence? I think not
I need a makeup session with lmao gotta look good out here
Thank you for your time and good evening
\"shutting off your humanity is the only way to survive\"
Oh hey comfort food, its nice to see you again.
Saturday June 28, 2014 12pm-10pm Sunset Ritual with Anane &amp; Louie Vega Amphitheater East River Jam Fest, NYC all ages free event. 12pm-10pm!
Overtime pay is gunna be making my bank account fat as fuck
I would rate today like a 3-4 out of ten
Those pictures starting to get annoying
Looks like the Heat gave up! Gotta give it up to San Antonio!
It's crazy how people can be forgotten so easily
Wack rappers that popular make me mad is hell bruh like nigga bars weak son , \"o he spit real shit tho\" yea like everybody else YOU WEAK
-Let It Go By-NOX Feat Gillie Da Kid And Freeway (Dir By REC The Director ).
In the bed if I used my tongue would you like that
Graduation speech: \"FUCK HER RIGHT IN THE PUSSY\"
IM SEEING FALL OUT BOY IN AUGUEST WTFAFAJAPBHAKALA BECAUSE OF MEG GOODBYE WORLd IM DONE
Okay on Tuesday I'm going shopping.
When I don't go to manhattan college iman shumpert goes.... Smh
All about the coaching
GOD DAMMIT I COULD HAVE SWORN THERE WAS 2 SEASONS TO TWISTED. FUCK.
At least it's not raining
Why is CNN International SO MUCH BETTER than CNN America?!
I hate my life kill me now
I think Denisse getting a snapchat is one of the best things that could have happened ()
If it can't be used as a smoking apparatus, it's probably garbage.
It's the hat, she fucked up with the hat. But I love her she's such a beautiful girl
I feel like I'm the only one is this area that won't be at the concert tonight..
My snap chat story cracks me up every time I look at it
Played one match on Cod 4, went 35-0.....I still got it
Kim K don't even got the feet she was born with her whole body fake.
What an inane day! Glad it's over but I gotta get up and do it all over again tomorrow
I see these \"bae= Bacon and eggs\" tweets way too much and it pisses me off
I found you miss new booty
I need someone's opinion ASAP !!
Is it too early to eat chips lmao
Brittany is gonna be at my house in 10 minutes and im still in bed..... conpletely not ready for life
Update: two Arabian men in a truck just blew us kisses
But I guess things change it's funny how someone else's success brings pain...
Tbh i miss those fools already haha we had our own click haha dopest motha fuckas in that bitch
Did the deserve the penalty at the end of the game?
I will now share some selections from my running iPhone notes document, \"quotes\"
Damn you a fine lil mama
Oh my gosh look how cute virtanen is oh my gosh!
I don't know how i will sleep tonight after everything that happened today
Omg is doing a great job hosting the . I'm cracking up.
It's really not hard to be yaself ..=Fuck anyone's opinion
Good save Howard!!! Come keep your composure.
SHARESHOT COMING SOON FOR XBOX ONE A LIL BIRDY JUST TOLD ME......
I have such a bad habit to just stop answering people in the middle of a convo
Caiti is practicing how high she's gonna throw her graduation cap next year so she doesn't lose it...
It's way too many fake niggas
ok just because u listened to one song by Calvin Harris doesn't mean u deserve to go to EDC like wtf
Metallica + gym = best fucking shit ever
wasn't too bad of a last episode. My favorite part was that FEELING YOURSELF moment that Honoka did.
Connors dad is a douche. Oops. Sorry not sorry
I noticed I've enjoyed more of my readings lately.
Chewing ice is like a stress reliever
Carmelo will go to the celtics.
My deserves an answer lol
We going to get a taped performance from bey and jay.
Gotta take a minute to give it up to . is killer. Congratulations.
Jealous because Sheila is recieving all these military discounts and I'm here like,I'm a broke college student is there a discount for that?
Jarek just called me to say goodnight
That goalies face was priceless. He didn't even move. Like whaaaaat?!
Who wanna come with me to see afrojack for free on Thursday
YPU DONT WANT IT
I watch way too much chopped
Big bro said get back on yo shit n get it together The only 3 words That came to my head was SAY NO MORE. If I have a problem I gotta fix it
Literally just saw my life flash before my eyes and I couldn't be more happier to thank god rn
\": GHANA?\n\nMore like NOT GHANA WIN.\" Retarded
Honestly , i hate waking up to take exams .
Tim Howard is really the man
I rather die than ever go for Team USA.
Jack is back and he don't suffer from Pclitis. His way is the right way.
30 fucken seconds
I'm not gonna be a third wheel swimming too...I could drown and y'all wouldn't even notice
I love the episode of Doug where they pour cement in the chocolate
teen wolf is back on tonight and I literally couldn't be any happier
man I feel for neymar, that's gotta be tough. get well soon
Oh hot damn this is my jam \nKeep me partying till the am
This is a war going on in my stomach right now! Maybe I need another beer...
Weird watching the This is it movie without my mom.
I'm tired cause I've been on netflix all night
Denice and Steve are arguing about where you can get pop rocks from
Everything that I've seen Miguel in is what I would totally fucking wear.
The heat got demolished this series :')
REMEMBER WISDOM DOESN'T ONLY COME WITH AGE~ IT COMES WITH KNOWLEDGE OR IT'S USELESS
Congrats, Spurs! You deserved this.
People are so obsessed over meh that they enforceable(y) try to share there spit.
i met so many people today so let's go
Hold ya horses, imma show ya who the boss of intercourse is
Come on Argentinaaaaaaaaaa!!!! Sangre caliente!!!! ;)
Gettin a movie and callin it a night
I'd rather be upside down
Netflix has picked up \"The Killing\" for 6 episodes? OMG, dead. Dead.
So i just spent the last 20 mins the bathroom barfing my brains out. I hate migrains.
Contact me if you'd like to buy one!
Would do anything to go to edc vegas
Im making potstickers &amp; watching Mulan. Let me just fit the stereotype of an asian a little more.
USA!! USA!! USA!! USA!!!!
Everytime you're mad at me you stop liking my pictures on Instagram. Is this how we roll? We need a resolution
And I don't like em if the ass thin and I don't wife em if a nigga is her best friend
I dont know a nigga that could cover for me
He got five kids. 4 baby momma prolly lol.
Okay be composed everyone
LIC TICKETS VIP $90 &amp; GA $55 KIK: Alex_hdz
At a Cuban bar for the game and everyone is rooting for USA. MERICAAAA
the only thing my dad and I have in common is our love of wine and good beer
Oh god the most amazing drag name I can think of: hairy clit-ton
Naaah. Nevermind. Fuck it.
What time are the fireworks in OC at on the Fourth of July?
myles your hair was SO soft on saturday.
Black man down.
Holy fuck pit bulls voice turns me on in his Spanish albums. \nAsdfghhjkl
Eazy E is my idol. He is a fukkin legend!
So many artists didn't show up to the awards, smh. That's so wack.
Shoutout to the federal government for all my legal training I did as onboarding
for $400 i got the experience of a lifetime for 3 days and met amazing ppl from all over the world.\n\nthe same price for OTR is mediocre
I'm too wavy for this scenario.. my job is a scam b.
Paige looks like Casper the ghost. Either that or she is Sheamus's fraternal twin.
Physical Therapy in two weeks. Setback for a great comeback!
HE DON'T UNDERSTAND YOU LIKE I DO.
All boys are literally Nagini. Voldemort's snake. Like stop slithering your way around. It will catch up to you, I promise.
Literally about to see Transformers at 10 am by myself hahaha
do I wanna know acoustic was on 104.5 this morning
Annoyed is not even the word
No me resisto y me caigo a pedasitos.
Otw to downtown!! CA Theater here we come. I want some La Vics l0l
I'm already looking for Halloween costumes lmao
Daniel Bryan is gonna be at MITB? YES! YES! YES!
Wolf Blitzer and Remus. Two humans who drank milk and didn't found Rome.
Lyssy the lobster fits Alysa well after her attempt to tan on the beach today
Ol bitter ass sit around in middle class homes with computers on hating on the newest song
Tonight was lots of fun love you guys xx
Mind over matter
...but can you teach the dog how to code?
This rain is crazy, and I love it
BROKEN NOSE CANT STOP HIM
Hi the talented will we see you FRI for benefit concert ??
\"My food doesn't digest properly if I don't Instagram it\" - my big brother
Idk how I just confused myself buttttt we don't have school tomorrow right??? Lmao
Am I the only one who is so torn for this game...
My closely held religious beliefs call for deportation of all Republicans. I expect to see immediate positive results.
Lebron really gnna violate next season deadass
I'm about to go write a book now thanks to
Heather \"What's a vowel to a God?\" Headley.
I'm always such a fuckin burden to everyone. Fuck this
what happens when I take a walk
Gotta make sure I get to jersey in time for work at 9 ... Oh the life of Zig , what y'all doing ?
That was such a creepy video why ask why
Weekend, shante you stay. Work, sashay away
What surprises Sami come on get d slut not Ej
A life without dreaming Is a life without meaning.
Such a waste of time lol
Spent the whole 6th inning talking to this As fan from Oakland. Nice guy.
Wow I wanna punch a wall
Bosh is a fucking burger
Sometimes Nike commercials are so developed that I get excited for the movie that they're not actually a trailer for.
Jordan or kobe would not be on the bench right now
LA QUIERO MUCHO PERO GILEO MUCHO MAS :(
Need Xbox one ts inv Flex Rambos
Tough week to be a Heat fan
If you come here today I hate you.
Damn missing my bros
. is a goddamn prince. Don't let anybody tell you different.
Those people who are really good at telling you everyone else's business are the people I never ever want to trust. But I always do lol
One bowl from Chipotle barely fills me. It's time to start getting 2
I want it to be Monday already the reason for that season premier of teen wolf!!
Zendesk had higher valuation on the private round than their IPO pace
some people really amaze me. my mom doesn't believe in aliens. like wut?
From the way the ball curved that was some FIFA type goal.
I just carried a 70 pound suit case up three stories, oh it's good to be home
Need to find myself a guy who's actually going somewhere in life and actually knows what he wants
We totally need to write a version for, you know, to make it real for me
And the nueva mundo keeps on rolling!
DONT GO THRU OLD CONVERSATIONS WITH SOMEONE WHO YOU USED TO BE CLOSE WITH.
I gave it all to you with no questions asked .
I should start a drunk business right out of my car. About 20 water bottles and 15 gatorades that I bring in with me and just forget about.
Holy shit just made the best protein shake
I meet so many new people from smoking but im always too high to remember their names
30 seconds into. US GOAL!!!!!!
I just farted....I'm glad nobody heard it!!
Kaitlin said I would never leave fresno so I pushed her
\": Every time i run from the cops I end up with no shoes on..\"
Follow up: better to read comics via iBooks or Kindle? Or Comixology despite removing IAP?
Show available ... Cme wit me... Mo a capable u ll c
why is every girl obsessed with john green
Staying up just to watch this RE 2 run
Like, no way this is my fault. Fuck that.
Shaping up to be a great night tonight!!!
I hate when people say \"awww\" to me like do I look 5 years old
I'll invest a food respawning in your fridge app for iPhone one day
Broken spirit may result from a poor heart
Holy crap I hate being up this early! At least it's to play golf!
Ima brutha watch yu go crazy
aw man, people in NY made fun of my laugh
It's a sea horse sea shell party
I feel like June has been going in forever
Take that and rewind it back, Ludacris got the flow to make ya booty go (clap)
The tan line is so real . Ya boy got a monkey butt
I wish my ass actually fit in shorts I liked
tomorrow is the last day to get your aquatica pass for 40$
\": currently\" yeah that sounds lovely .
Girl get the bustin before the cops come running uh
Does everyone on Ghana have a Mohawk
The gc is live
This World Cup just gets better and better. The most boring match up some would say, yet so much drama. Time for the shoot out lottery
I got brownies coming in tonight I can't waaaaait
Bout to just go to sleep
fuck td bouta be boring af
Passed a company called Cal-West Rain. Offering irrigation and pipeline services. Rain we make ...
In the mood for a drive ~
Be nice if people kept their word
Found my Brasil jersey from 3rd grade. We're good to go
I love a good restaurant atmosphere
on ghana has cool hair but idk his name
Money and the power, you gotta have respect. Big coupe, jaguar, g5 jets. Young rich nigga
It look like she wearing an extended bucket hat
I know they say that first love is the sweetest but that first cut is the deepest!
Ima step to the girl ima let her know my name she gon like her friend like bitch ima leave you
Damn I have a grad party tomorrow... But I also wanna go to the beach
My car is all fixed and perfect
How much extra time do these teams get???
Who's good on USA
I am 100% in love with this city.
vou me pedir em casamento mas to com medo de que eu aceite
Know she give that good brain , I just keep on testing her
All I need is a boonie hat
It really takes one chip nail to make all other nine nails look bad.
You aren't thankful for a single thing I do for you
\"Lifes a bitch she better fuck me right.\"
Get drunk at night but clean yourself up and go to work the next day. Life isn't always bad.
Jones is a power shot
someone plz facetime me . i cant stay awake
The Zach Brown Band would like to wish a happy birthday to the one and only who continues to kill it day in and day out
Leg muscles are starting to show kinda crazy
your tweets piss me off oh and you do too
I have so much more respect for people who strait up say how they feel
If it's worth it to you, go get it. Regardless of what anyone else says. &amp; never stop until you get it.
\"DO YOU SEE CARLA?! DO YOU SEE WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU MESS WITH THE WARRIOR!?\"
I'm not even on adrenal but my mind is working on other levels right now
Ya kno, I've heard so many people accuse others of being \"immature\" I can't tell who's worse.
This nighuh Lj still partying haha fuck
My whole life is gonna be a fail Lololol
Idk if I actually want to spam Luke Hemmings bc its not gunna work anyway
if i like you, i like you. if i dont like you, i dont like you. its so simple.
\": We need a God who is beyond our ability to fully explain or understand Him\"\n\nI'll take knowledge over confusion\n\n
Can my mother answer her phone or na
i am single in case you we're wondering .
Stop bitching and take care of your kid. Nobody cares how \"hard\" it is. It's parenting if you can't take the heat get outta the kitchen
That's not a bloody nose announcer-guy...that's a BROKEN nose!
Columbia is not getting passed brazil theres just no way
Been more than two months
The heat are pulling something just like the rangers! One player is outstanding and the rest of the team is no help!
I LOVE HUNTER PENCE A LOT
The line for Afrojack is about 3 miles long fun.
Sleep Man I ain't been to sleep yet Im up ready go get some shots up before this workout later
I don't understand why I'm the only one that gets treated like fucking shit on this fucking house when I'm the only one that fucking cares.
Too stubborn to realize that we both want the same thing but at different times.
let's fucking do it
my heart is beating outta my chest just thinking about this last week of school
don't bother asking me to come out of my room tomorrow because I'm just going to sit in there and cry forever until I drown in my own tears.
The heat got swapped for the Knicks, that's what happened.
CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!!!\nUSA takes a 1-0 lead over Ghana in 1st minute. Dempsey is 1st American to score in 3 different World Cups.
Shyt always happens to me back to back now
Roman Reigns speaks in the lowest bass I've heard since Barry White saved the snakes from whacking day.
Carvel now has soft serve Nutella ice cream and I'm pretty sure that's why they call this living the american dream
J.Cole july 15?????? Cant waitttttttttt
Last minute concert tickets to Bruno Mars with my besties? I think that's a perfect Monday night!!
It's a solid Sunday when space jam is on
The fro is coming back.
I've never been more proud of shawn till tonight
The paper the paper im bout that\n
Save and a beautyy
Portugal is getting aggressive
Soooo LeBron don't wanna stay in this game and keep fighting?
Nothing like a doctors appointment the day after your birthday
I sincerely hope that everybody is having a swell time belonging to their possessions :D
1st pay check im getting nash sweatpants
\"A simply magnificent strike\"
Shut up!!!! He doesn't like he just fucked you
What a night and now my favorite actress Azure Parsons the Latuda girl is in a glidden paint commmercial
Dad takes me out to breakfast then casually drags me to Lowes for two hours...well played Roy, well played.
lagi ngebuat situs web. for web
Work is suuuuuuuuuch a buzzkill
I really can't wait to go away to college.
Just an angel with a violent past
Tell bosh go back Toronto
It could be worse. Things will get better if you put yourself first. \/\/
We could take it slow , we could take it there
Lmaooo this ain't my damn dog \": can you bathe the poor thing\"
Starting to realize who my real friends are
well, there goes the interest \n\nright out the window
Just caught them pranking in action awk 3 for cheerleaders maybe like 1 and a half for boys
You really know how to drive me crazy
H o m e w r e c k e r
Aww LeBron is crying
He's so happy he put money on the Spurs!
Ok.. Less than 77 hours until touchdown Vegas!
Do you love The Sims ? If you have not noticed yet The Sims 4 releases in 2 months. I'm getting the premium version for the extra content.
Great advice: 'If you can't get a job, start one' 30 under 30
Idk I'm so fucking excited for this movie if it's done right it'll be great
High risk, high reward.\n\nRemember that my fellow Muslim brothers &amp; sisters as we struggle to fast during this long, hot month.
If you get me something that smells like coconuts, I'll know it's real.
Don't talk about it, be about it
LEBRON TAKE OVER TIME
What is this, a dick punch fight
Great season by Miami heat even though it didn't end the way they wanted to end
Chick from Roswell New Mexico said: Tourist Space Balloon Trip is ploy, human looking Aliens will return to earth .
And this is simply about the stupidity of the use of the word \"lit\", ya disgust me
So we at your shit wit it ? RT : To take advantage of my free casa oooooor
Couldn't I have just stayed asleep. Woke up worse!
God hates me, the Devil don't like me either
Sad :( there will no fireworks in the west side today!
Tommorrow Go Belgium. Go Budwesier
\"Jason you look like a fetus\"-
I love more than you do
I burned my leg while baking a pizza :(,WHY HAVE YOU BETRAYED ME PIZZA!!???
i feel in love with him the way you fall asleep slowly then all at once
If you get beat up I DON'T FUCKS WITH YOU ANYMORE
Egan just snapchatted something I instagrammed over a year ago. Does this mean we're gonna be best roommates EVER!?
That was Vandys 1st HR since May 16th, they picked the right time for that one!
WHEN SOMEONE U HATE ASKS OUT THE GUY U LIKE BUT THE GUY REJECTS THEM CAUSE HE LIKES YOU IS THE BEST FEELING EVER LIKE HEY U HES MINE SMD
I just really like alone time, a lot.
What a shotttt
Gotta buy an outfit for this s16 next weekendddd
I want to help make your web\/mobile app become a reality this summer. Email me at Joshua.com for a free proposal, no obligations!
US should not be committing anymore resources to Iraq
Only thing probably gonna screw me over tommorow is part c, other than that idk wtf's gonn happen.
Connor makes me so happy.
I don't know who that is.. but her outfit is Terrible
LOL I gave you 2 hours to make my prescription when you said it would only take an hour. Now you tell me 15 more mins. FUCK YOU
You don't want all the responsibility but yet you think it's okay to put it on me?
Pretty sure 70s soul dance parties are better than 80s but I'll take them all
First Jozy now Dempsey..
And I had to relive Cena winning again... Why just why him...
Nani you twat!
It's kinda selfish to ask your gf for a 3sum
Is anybody at the carnival at Astoria park rn?
They got bae on TV !
Annoyed with ? Step 1: Reg. to vote. Step 2: Educate yourself. Step 3: Show up this November.
Cycling 25 miles this early? I think YASSS
his posture is bad too oh my goodness y'all think that's sexy?
THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER OMG.
Omgg spurs please shit on the heat
Doesn't this essentially open the door to me telling my employees they can't spend their money on ham?
Migos while I slay my hair real quick
If I share my insights and they offend, I feel genuinely badly. Perhaps u misunderstand me? May all beings be happy.
We hoopin now the hoes wanna guard us
Just did a double take at the realization it's Monday. (Is it srsly Monday?)
And i know them niggas is going to come back too with more heads cuz they that type of ignorant
Wow first day of summer and I'm already doing nothing productive
Brett keeps telling me I don't sound like Iggy when I sing so idk
Personas que te buscan cuando te nesecitan
The one who reigns forever he is a friend of mine
You Talk Shit About Cops But Who Puts Killers And Rapist In Jail, Not You.
I be yammin straight to a lounge after work haha
Personally think Netherlands has had the sickest uniforms this far. Well aside from ours because well America
Wish Monsoon season would start so I can take exposure shots of lightning.
I can hear Ben singing in the shower
I neee to hang out with my friends
Lmao i wasnt in school all day so i have no pictuers with teachers fuck
Someone talk to me I'm so fucking bored
Someone last night was eyeing my bf car @ 1:30 AM well today early morning.
Choose the right one..!!
But I think 4 times in a week is a bit excessive
My suitcase is just laying empty on the floor reminding I need to pack soon
Tomorrow's the first day of July. And now we wait for a phone call...
literally in so much pain rn
And we love you for loving us
Do u like the way I flick ma tongue or na
I feel like doing my own hair for prom but like I'm so lazy
Why lie to me when I figure shit out?
\"All we have is bread cheese &amp; wine, dip the bread in the wine &amp; you're set\"
Often often girl I do this often
If you send me a snap of you drinking beer and driving you're a serious idiot
Top ten worst things u have ever done
My 3 yr old asked what his \"balls\" were for I told him to keep his weiner from being lonely\nHow do you answer these ?'s. \n
Nah son why nick cannon had a pick in his hair
I'm surrounded by way too many rich people lmfao
I need to find someone who enjoys scary movies as much as I do
Thank you for making my day nice and sensual
\"WHY DO YOU KNOW EVERYTHING?\" - a 9 year old to me.
Jen is literally screaming at us because she thinks Amish people have the right idea
Learned the \"W\" in ABW stands for Writing which makes for a much less physically taxing mandate than what I had \"Always Been\" practicing.
Played half of the entire match one man down, &amp; drilled all five penalty kicks. Unbelievably happy for Costa Rica
it took 30 seconds for USA to play a better game than Iran and Nigeria did in 90 minutes
Let me stop being petty though . That was real immature of me .
Can't believe Rico has aids..\n $
Biggest takeaway from ? Opera Cos are natural centers for collaborative effort, &amp; we can own the space, if we move now.
right threw his legs damn
We don't have to be ordinary, make your best mistakes
My dad's so into the World Cup and soccer.......... But never came to one of my soccer games in high school lolllll
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
Okay teen wolf tweets are as bad as pretty little liars tweets...
I let my phone get to like 12% and then take it off the charger
Every time I leave a little part of me dies.
This guy is such a crack head what the fuck
Never judge a book by it's cover.. Don't ever think somebody is a certain way if you don't actually know them.. you'd be surprised
Argentina is definitely taking over
you like fine the way you are but if you want to look better but naked do some squats.
white Ts are so necessary this summer.
Quand jsui aek toi cst la fete jai pa bzoin dme prendre la tete
my 11yr old sister just told me her and our cousin stole and drank wine coolers at their sleepover last night.....
If you have a man advantage for 30 mins of extra time and you can't get the winner, I can't say you deserve the win via penalties
Al fin Messi!!!
Bruh im smackin niggas in 21 right now
Holy fuck that scared the fuck out of me
I cant do this anymore i really cant
the older i get, the less i give a fuck
Me gustan las camisetas de Ghana.
No sleep. Well into the self sustaining cycle of thinking about everything I have ever regretted which then makes me unable to fall asleep.
I love sniffing my farts idk why I can't stop
idk if i should text you
I'm creeping behind some dude whoa watching the game on his tablet. I'm not a hick.. Can't tell you how much I hate the Merica shit
Lenin Ramirez ft banda la conquista- vida del changuito
at least I have free wifi!!!
I just found out there is a Kim Kardashian video game. Does anyone wonder why I'm an atheist?
At 4.00 miles with pace of 08:08 \/mile. My heart beating at 143
Power walking with a backpack, wearing sunglasses even though it's cloudy, eating rice cakes out of my purse.
It's always fun talking shit about your co-works with other co-workers.
Ughh thiss annoyinn af &amp; didnt evenn seee himm
I wonder is tommie alive or not
No I would NOT like to send you something cute to your kik and have you post it on Instagram and not say it was me. Okay? Okay.
My soul craves adventure. I must feed it.
This MK shit ain't cuttin it no more
Bron just left to the bench
\"It's great to be back here in Sacramento.\"
The older I get, the more girls start to sound\/act like moms
can't wait to move out &amp; be on my own tbh
lol we're screwed
I still love Disney Channel \n
Depression is the absolute worst but if you don't get help you're just going to find yourself falling deeper into a bottomless pit.
My dad got a call for a noise complaint in apartment 2Q, meanwhile WE are apartment 2Q and the noise is him screaming at the TV
ALL THE NIGGAS I FUCK WITH BEEN WOKE
It's not about having time , it's about Making a time !
Chen Guangbiao's act in Central Park manifests nothing but the fact that he is a desperate clown.
top notch shit
Welcoming Joe Panik to home !!! Lookin' good in our fave creams!
Open up ya eyes, you can see right infront of you.
Currently watching: True Life: my boyfriend's fed up with my weight.
Well deserved in my opinion, if Greece were good enough they would have scored in the 60 mins they were a man up
Love what is doing for ...luxury and social responsibility don't have to be mutually exclusive.
Mission accomplished thx for ff follow the lead
What da he'll Charlie Baltimore doing there?
I just invented the best egg sandwitch in the world using this hot sauce and seasoning I got from Louisiana...
Dismiss it bc you know I'm right
YESSSS GOALLLLLLLL 2-0!!!
Fuck nigger I don't wanna be your homey
I needa have a team from the mls
10 pm but this bed feels nice, doubt I'm leaving it until work tomorrow
GROWN. ASS. MAN. DEMPSIE.
If I'm ever mad at you that's all you'll have to do and I guarantee I won't be mad anymore
Clint Dempsey may be just what US needs to be reinvigorated!
I am about that stress free positive vibe lifestyle!!!'
Too tired to shower after the gym
tu con tu elegancia y yo con mi astucia
Really want the Rangers to go ahead and make a deal with Zucc already so I can get my next jersey
done with work and school for the rest of the week
the office is such an underrated show
so looks like you had 3 days off... mmm spent no time with your son... yeaa. that adds up right. smh
What would you do if that one person died tomorrow.
Literally don't even wanna deal with this bullshit right now.
Why doesn't release albums like anymore?
My mom just described the new skirt she bought as ~flirty~
I'm confused about 99% of the time
Made the mistake of introducing a scientific argument to refute some nonsense we learned in Sunday school. Major, major miscalculation.
when you keep saying \"fuck that shit I'll kill you next round\" but mario kart doesn't work like that not when you're drunk
Seeing all these tweets about USA gives me goosebumps
My nephew is exactly like the little kid from big daddy rn
I wanna bang Brook Soso on the low low
got the most respect for niggas who know how to work that \"@\" button lol
My entire life consists of peoplewatching in scenic places
What's a pack of smokes cost? Like $7. It doesn't cost your entire left cheek so please stop showing that commercial I'm going to vomit.
This Virginia pitcher looks like me out the right now
I was about to go on a nice nature walk, but this rain is putting a damper on things
So you apparently can't kill
The beginning of this True Blood episode literally just took my breath away. I'm going to need a moment.
I saw the iphone 6. Shit crazy af!
I do way too much for people, then regret it in the end when I realize I was never appreciated.
.Pat Caddell just called Obama Administration's Foreign Policy \"Stupid\" Are we dealing w\/ lame duck very early, why?
esp when they most need a friend by their side.
I wish I was in Pittsburgh right now. Just been really busy.
At least my boy did good
My boyfriend is literally the best thing in the world, also the cutest hnnnnng
My mom just texted me the whole I love you song from Barney
It's not about possession it's about appreciation
Who tryna kicket before I go to NY?
The more I look at Matt Cain's stats post-perfect game, the more I think Hanley Ramirez saved Clayton Kershaw's career
\": I'm hot but I don't want to get out of my blankets. \n\ndo you see my problem\" mE
What's your favorite sugar-free coffee flavor?!??
Will watch the San Francisco Giants game tomorrow, live!
Sitting by my window and waiting for the first shirt to walk by so I can yell at them
\": are emotional when in a committed relationship.\" Committed!? HA!
BUT HE CANT SEE THESE HOES RIGHT NOW, YEET!
The number of basic females is at an all time high. No doubt
I thought transformers wasn't bad, I had anxiety during the whole movie so that was cool.
That was hella mean
I really can't believe Frankie and Kenny put me in Jason's fucking trunk.
Law abiding citizen mad u fuck.
Besides the USA vs Belgium game .. The game that is totally with watching is Germany v Algeria.
How you call me by accident like everyday of the week.
If you want to see me cry hysterically ask me about Australia.
ITS 10 AM WHY ARE MY NEIGHBORS LIGHTING FIRE WORKS OFF....AND ITS RAINING.
Don't understand how someone can let them-self be with someone who treats them miserably.
Do you ever just suck on the tea bag
How long does it take to looks at the same shit before u decide u want it
Literally impossible for me to sleep my room is a million degrees and late night thinking has taken me over once again
I would like to thank God for giving me this pimple
They still makin kidz bop cd's tho......
Iforgot I changed my work schedule to 8-7:30 instead of 8:45-5:30. Mondsysgonna suck
Heard about the jones goal on the toilet
I feel like the checking account constantly has $42 in it. It's weird.
I dead be playing dumb cus I know a lot
German-Americans are the best players in the entire world!
It suck when all you want to do is talk to her but she's not even replying back -__-
Shit its my bday tomorrow 0_0
Now that IG does \"based on photos you've liked\" it's all cats.
Jus feeling sad but it won't be for long.
Question: can a Hobby Lobby employee now sue for gender discrimination? CC:
I saw Mario today, but his bum ass ignored mi :c
DAMMIT HAMSTRING HE'S OUT AT LEAST A MONTH
I wish I would have brought my ear pods up here with me bc I want to listen to music now but going back downstairs to get them means effort
Happy Pride Day to you all and have a very blessed Sunday!
Been up since 7 on my day off :\/ the fux is wrong with me!
If someone with multiple personalities threatens to kill himself, is it considered a hostage situation? -George Carlin
Getting rid of the black in my hair going back to all blonde
I'm rich but not with money
Debating if going to see The Strokes in Las Vegas right before they perform at FYF is a good idea.....of fucking course OMFG
I'm at that awkward age where half my friends are having babies &amp; the other half are too drunk to function.
I hate how Nintendo puts fucking cicada noises in the summer seasons of multiple games and they drive me up a wall
American the great
First visit to the dentist in a while, and it wasn't good. Wish I had stayed away longer.
Anyone down for New York august 1st to see at pacha?
Ann Marie just told me I look like a hussy lol
I'll never understand how girls with voluptuous long perfect hair CUT IT like are you ok????
I really wanna meet Kalin &amp; Myles.
\": Dying to have something you cant really have is horrible\"
I never sleep this late ahhhh
wtf is on nick cannons face
SaaS magic number = return on your sales &amp; marketing efficiency. Annualized GP delta divided by last Q's S&amp;M expense.
I know so many Mormons haha. Three of my friends have gone off on their mission in the past year.
I missed seeing my lifeguard because I was too focused on texting you...this is bad
Estoy en el mood de escuchar bachatas cortavenas de esas que deprimen y te ponen a llorar cn un vaso de romo al lao
Gente que hace drama por todo.. Blah blah blah!
1 year be changing shit like I wouldn't believe !
CAN I PLEASE BE YOU LITERALLY SO JEALOUS LIKE THEY LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH I WANT TO BE YOU
I don't care much, but how did Stanis get his army north of the Wall?
Wish i could figure out what i wanted from this life
I tried but I can't fucking do everything
Hey guys idk if you're going to be busy but I'm having an 18th bday party &amp; you guys should come
Molly and that whiskey that's Monica Lewinsky
Come on Costa Rica! My Latin bros!!!!!!
I May Or May Not Lose A Lot Of Friends By This Statement But Love Who You Want. Love Is Love. Happy Pride !
Shawn's YOUNOW just crashed because of us fans. Omg omg! I'm gonna cry.
It basically costs the average American male $5 to cum.
Somebody bring a nigga some food lol
Tanta mierda y el avion NUNCA DESPEGO AJJAJAJAJAJJA
I am very concerned for her
When a nigga tweet \"money long\" but you lent him money for a shape up &lt;
102.9 mgk is easily my favorite radio station now days. Classic rock will forever be my number 1 genre I love it
Gonna see if I can find another flag, then head home.
Love can't conquer all. Reality.
It must be nice mom to not work and shop and relax at the pool club all day, when im busting my ass in work and school and then
HOW ARE WE EVEN WINNING?!?!!
Amigo es un peso en el bolsillo
STOP TRYING TO ACT LIKE U KNOW EVERY1
Totally loving the new album. Well done boys well done
fireflies make me happy because they're a true sign of summer
F: What are you doing?\nM: Watching \nF: Why...\nM: Because it's like a train wreck. I just can't stop.
u know when songs have so many djs it's like half the song
Work later is going to be hell
i love how im always there for you &amp; if i fail to help you,just once, you decide to abandon me.
These kermit the frog memes are out of control, but that's none of my business
I wonder if I'll ever get an std.
Tha 40 Year Old Virgin still fucking hilarious
Can I charge my phone in the movie theater??
Missing Ribery in WC Team going to Need Him Hes Very Imprrtant
I need to fall asleep, I have mad shit to do in the morning.
\"We tell ourselves stories in order to live.\" -Joan Didion
My mom is literally making me drink ensure to gain weight
Well at least there's that mandated maternity leave we have. Oh wait...
About to get my life at this concert!
I'm watching Band of Brothers, feelin' hella patriotic and shit.
Yo quiero mas de ti no quiero estar asi
Let's go !!!!!
Sad how these girls think being someone's wcw, or being rated a 10 on your Instagram picture is worth something. Know your worth, honestly.
.'s late night tweets are even more amusing when he's tweeting about
You won't know what you have till it's gone, real t
well maybe if you would stop flirting w every other girl in the school, than maybe I will talk to you more
Fuck fuckin wit fuck boys and they fuckin foolishness...
Oh my god!!! !!!! 2:1
Well, cross off the list of stores I've never fucking shopped at, but now really never will shop at...
17 hours in, 1st fight with bae
This is turning into a penalty kick clinic.
We ain't cut from the same cloth we on some other shit I want the bread you want the bitch
Pharrell looks bored and like he has makeup on.
Weed bout to get legalized in
I hella wanna see the bae o:
no one will ever care about you like i do , i can promise you that .
\" If you wanna get there fast, walk alone. If you wanna go far, walk together. \" - this can apply even to the simplest of things
GOLAAAASOOOOO MI AMORRRRSITO MESSIIIII LINDO BELLO!!!!!!!!
There are so many genuinely cool people from Prep going to St. John's that I never even thought to talk to in high school wtf
That logo popping up constantly is
Oshie or Jones?
I was a cross breed experiment
I don't like the look of the new Yu-Gi-Oh that Nicktoons is airing. nothing beats the original.
Wearing a white shirt tonight. A bold strategy indeed
MDW and prom\/pocs lived up to the hype, time for Firefly to end senior year with a bang
Tienen novio y para encajar en ese spam tan marica de \"fav y digo quien me gusta\" arroban a otro man, que oso.
When passing voting laws the Mississippi legislature cant think because they are all INBRED BY INCEST.
Strawberry lemonade four loko ahhh shit so dank
Need a cut b4 the 4th tho!! Thats a must!
Parents that think it's funny to drag their screaming kids up close and personal to the gorillas are the worst kind of people.
My sister singing and making the weed wacker noise and my dad vaccuming how much noiseier can this place get.
I feel so lost at times
SOS anyone wanna give me a ride somewhere
If I've said it once, l say it a million times..Tormund Giantsbane had the look of a serial killer
I miss finding glitter in our bed the next morning.
El cree que soy estupida -.-
it goes from good to bad in a spit second smh
Mark just admitted that he needed to take a shower so YOU KNOW it's been a few days
Tried to massage my calves holy soreness &amp; pain man
Lol so movies like \"The Purge\" were literally born from a dude in a room somewhere being like \"what would happen if all crime was legal\"
This sucks I work at 11 am smh
First time seeing live. Amazing!!!!
\"You're going to fuck to Rachael maddow\" -
Every time I listen to trophies...
I knew the wiring in my brain was on purpose
Everyday is a New Beginning, God let my New Beginning start Today!!
this song is so different
calderon coming to the that's a good look at point guard
\"Dre has beats, Rick Ross has dia-beats\"
Jack Bauer doing what he does best
Haha shit the just dropped the \"goin-to-commercial\" curtain on that little van halen black girl
Ladies Don't Tear Y'all ACL Trying To Look Thick In Y'all 4th Of July Pic Lmao
I wasn't looking for a promise or commitment but it was never just fun and I thought you were different
You can tell\nfrom the blushing of heroes\nthat all the medals\nand tough guy accolades\nshould be left \nto the chicken hawks \n
So many factors beg me to support the Mexican national soccer team but at the end of the day flopping, little class and playing dirty: nope.
Why you gotta be so rude don't you know I'm human too
Almost 19 and I always cry at the end of The Hannah Montana movie...w.t.f....lol
The funny thing is , that your to stupid to realize what you couldve had . Lmfao played your own life .
finally saw the fault in our stars
hell yes. on my bucket list RT : 11) would you go skydiving?
Sometimes I like slim sometimes I like thick
I figured it out ! They needed to find money somehow for the ice there gonna need for the outdoor game in February !
I HAVE NEVER EVER BEFORE BEEN SO DAMN SALTY. FUCCCCK
How do you become a filibuster? Someone one needs to sign my mom up
The reason I do the fucking shit I do is to get away from everything, and if thats not good enough for you, Fuck off
Like to go deep... But I hate to get to deeply involved
what a goal from Dempsey in 30 seconds
I shouldn't have read when there is 2 states in between me &amp; my boyfriend. \n\nLol.
I wonder if Mario cuomo sees my tweets
it's every four years so ofc I'm going to tweet about if
Stoked for all the grad money I'm gettin tomorrow lol
I've been making myself run and I'm proud that I'm getting my fatass in shape. No more junk food or fast food all of July
For all that praise idsik for bringing in what he did this off season still don't trust him Yea he looks like Sandy of the Nfl 2 me
Oh so Ronaldo is the Sidney Crosby of Portugal, got it
So it was that trashed my car
From the moment I saw you, I knew I was gonna spend the rest of my life avoiding you.
Me and my cousin have been laying in bed for around an hour staring at our phones and not talking. Love bonding time!
Happy graduation to , have fun dealing with Esther and Claire
Cause that's all I see on my TL
Axel me tatuo toda la pierna
My cousin is fuckn crazy lol
it's every four years so ofc I'm going to tweet about it
21 your hot and btw good luck tom it's a killer!
guys really? is that even your business
I need to shut my phone off when i drink ahaha.
Ramadan means halva. I live for halva. All day it's been \"mom make the friggen halva.\" I can't wait for halva. Halva is everything.
Make the most out of tonight and worry about it all tomorrow
I'm very fulfilled and have many wonderful friendships which add value to my existence. Having said that, give me 60 McNuggets. And fries.
\"You fucked my wife without me being there...you cuckolded me!\"
07 you're better then the best
Not driving my car feels awesome, fuck driving.
Each kid in the Beckham family is cuter than the last
The intro of teen wolf gives me anxiety
I deadass have no clue what to do
50 SHADES OF SUCK THIS DICK HOE
You know what moment when you want to tell someone something so bad?... what they mean to you....???
I'm the tenth man from here on out.
what time are you going to the game?
Dear God I Really Really Like Her Make her realize Im the one.
SF Giants fan at game.
I look just like Clint Dempsey
Am I making love to you through her?
Come on france take the germans out
Goodnight everyone! Gonna try to get some sleep :)
has kyungsoo ever had blonde hair i don't think so
\": i honestly could give two fucks about your opinion.\"
Sacred Heart pisses me off build more dorms!
I'm not about to be with someone who stays mad at me for a day and a half over something I didn't do lol
I got these like bug bites on my legs like 2 days ago and now they look like hickies wth
Yay! At the movies watching Transformers!
This will make such a difference for the 3 of us!
How do you watch TV with out a plug
Need Free Promos Now !!!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously I'd rather destroy myself then have you fuckers do it for me
Ight lets get the dust off, lets get back to work
Can't believe I just saw and perform . Too much dopeness.
Fight for the man next to you and the ones you love
\"Is Jon like the alpha male of smithhaven mall\"
\"Is the red white and blue team the usa team?\" Is she stupid or is she stupid
After a 5 hour driving layover in DC we finally got back on the road. Only a couple hours and 200 toll booths left.
I was kicking them two bitches out if I wasn't getting no wife , it was either they leave or I sneaking in
Just got bartending job at the coolie bar lol
WOW I HOPE THE NATS FINISH IN LAST PLACE
Go back to college, cause literally you cause nothing but fucking problems in this house.
Just dropped my headphones in soda :-) sweet
Mo knows im dad. this is just a phase smh
I can't sleep. I feel like going for a run but Fuck the dark.
No worries just faith
I remember how beuatifully laggy the game was... The blocks kept reappearing.. We used to scream \"LAGGG\" at the top of our lungs. Beautiful
My mom gave me some great advice once. She said \"don't die.\"
My favorite part of World Cup games is the slo-mo clips of cheering fans.
My biggest pet peeve is when your hanging out with someone and there constantly on there phone
Match Day Madness!!!!
Off work who tryna kick it with me ?
In group F, Argentina beat Bosnia 2-1.
Why the hell did I just come to Bayville lolz????
Omarion baby momma taller then him
That was amazing
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Bro yu need to start watching catfish lol I be cutting niqqas ass
I just spelled green as grean, yes I am in college
\": call me\"call me to lol
I have no willpower against great clothes at a bargain price.
NEON iCON finally dropped... Straight fuego
Ev CR7 fans wanna see messi fail
I would pinky swear but my pinky ring to big
I am in love with the 7:30p FREAKS! And obvi:) best class ever!!!!!!!
Pop is right there with Phil Jackson for all time greatest coach
I believe it was my first time having hot chocolate on the fourth of July. And celebrating it with significant other
Rusty is still my favorite of Tyler's songs
What's up with all the guys wearing scarves?
man why are you such a asshole lol?
Also I wonder at what point cost factors into HL's decision not to provide this coverage.
Ronaldo is garbage in the World Cup
Happy birthday Saaaaa! love you crazy girl xo
The stars have really come out for the world cup
\"Why don't you just make one giant bottom layer and eat it...with your hands?\" -on baking cakes
Today was amazing! Thank you
have to be on my phone for like 20 minutes before I sleep this is a bad habit
This weather really fucks with my day
When mad irrelevant people hit ya phone and the one person you want to talk too busy &lt;&lt;
gagawa nga muna ng report sa t.h.e.
Not sure I can finish this in time for vidconnnnnn
When smoke gets stuck in your shades&lt;
I alone but I'm not always lonely...and sometimes I'm not alone but I feel lonely...
Uhhh, I think I know a thing or two about soccer. I played it when I was 8 years old.
God give me the strength to not fuck shit up here at Walmart.
I'll see everyone at 4:45 today for GRADUATION!!!
Drunk guy yelling next to me about the World Cup. Soccer can be very homoerotic
Wow she's still going at it lmaooo
It's 2014. Why is the 1920's medic stretcher still used ?!
He better be out of work cause I dead miss him
Benzema and Giroud better not find their scoring boots today..it's Nigeria all the way, Arsenal allegiance can rest for today.
This tv show is making me hungry af
Ahh it's good to be back. Wish I could've spent the day with Dad though.
Pepto Bismol straight from the bottle: the official chaser of
Thank you for not sucking
Im missing the BET awards, fuck
oops i'm doing it again, having all these rts on your tl
even when I'm bored and wide awake in bed at 2AM I can't help but think to myself \"this would be so much cooler in sb\"
ride it out for me, &amp; take it off for me
These hoes I keep callin' I ain't picking up
I go to college this year. I turn 18 this year. I eat fruit snacks with almost every meal.
Happy birthday you'll always be the real MVP.
That shit was nice!
I wish I had some pickles
Let's go USA!!!!!!
\": I also carried a gorgeous girl from UCSB too bad I got too faded to remember her name :\/\" little black book
Darling you can't let everything seem so dark blue
I just want to be happy
My kids are going to be Sasuke and Itachi
I feel like I got the shit kicked out of my by Hope Solo last night
Wow the way that just ended .. Haha that's awesome
\"Well if you don't like it, get out of this country.\" No thanks. I'll stay here to mock your existence instead.
I'm so excited to see trey songs perform that's my nigga .. Facts he gets a nigga so much ass w his music
It's hella windy outside. I'm scuuuuuured, where's at?! Cuddle with me fool!!
Happy Birthday America! you are my home and I love you.
Ronaldo is asssss
And say putooo when he kicks it lol.
I need to cop my Drake tickets
Thou shall not beat a bitch ass while attending events. Haha
When i met you in the summer
There's about to be so many customers and ima be mad af
IG is annoying at the moment
Heyyyy in the building
DJ Khaled always screamin and shit. Like nigga are you a DJ or a hype man?
I seriously wish I'd be able to cut my own hair.
Get hung up on just like that
Would Locks of Love accept Super Saiyan hair?
At this point, is the main reason I cross the bay. Does not disappoint. Nearly four hours of Kushner is powerful stuff.
Manhattan, Pennsylvania, Dorney park, Daniela, Wildwater kingdom.. Thank u for such amazing weekend
**cracking my toes** \n\"C'mon pinky you can do it!\"
Just saw my childhood soccer coach on the usa sidelines
Who needs a follow from Jacob?
I'm the type to live my life with no regrets!
GET THE BALL OUT OF THE BOX!
In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope.
Sarah maley is immature and annoying
Don't act like u apart of something when u not. U still ain't shit my nigga!
Lmaoo Ginobli bugging right now.
I'm gonna be doing lots of Newsies cast tweets rn, so mute me if you want
Bedd is looking great rn
\"Close your eyeeess, as I give you \nA Big, Creamy surpriseeee\" Onision
Have you ever woken up with a terrible idea and all the necessary things to attempt it? Making double-brewed right now.
There's no other award show like the I'm prepared for much entertainment and laughter tonight
can't make no money in bed, so ain't no future fuckin you
I can't believe tomorrow is Christmas
Distance can ruin even the best of intentions
Tina Belcher is my spirit animal.
Entonces yo queria eno digestivo o tigre.
My phone bores me now ..
Men kid themselves\nthat they perform better\nwhen chemically impaired\nWriters share the same delusion\nWe should be able\nto loosen nauturally
I HATE GIANNA
me and ari are in the same situation
So idk. Im thinking a nice burgendy or non ratchet red. . Idk. I wanna be simple but cutsey.
Hate when hoes use \"i didn't have my dad around\" excuse to be a hoe.
B-Town Ballers are on! 3rd and 4th 7pm and 6th and 7th @ 8pm
What a day ! Big launch week with new integrations coming. More awesomeness for android and massive performance boosts on iOS.
35 seconds in the game and USA scores
Can i never go back to work
S\/O to the kids who live in America, yet still fail to use the English language correctly. Shine on, you retards.
When my mom volunteers to do my laundry&gt;&gt;
Today's the day we get to conflate buying things with freedom
Thank you for screwing my family and I over, do not consider us friends.
Loved the workshop for teachers on building climate and energy awareness from the ground up. Interesting facts and tools!\n
Had a dream last night that I was hanging out with one direction and going on a roadtrip WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME
My cousin looks like tasty from oitnb.
Wtf a commercial during a game!!!
Dude the fuck type of pass is that
Just kidding I can't do this I'm overwhelmed
When it comes to the people who live in my building, I have prosdognosia: I don't recognize them without their dogs.
Grinding isn't dancing that's just nasty asf haha
Thanks for not letting me see my mom. Go fuck yourself
Elam\/ Isfahan uses Hebrew language with shams beer.
His wife is so basic lol
\": Don't think about it too much\"I dont, dont worry
What's up baby you know I'm the plug
The game still on? I hate basketball talk
I hate when people lie to me my nigga woow
At my brothers baseball game and all the parents are drinking box wine and margaritas lol
I JUST WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH EVERYONE I MEET
Any of my female followers located in the bronx would like to come out to sues rendezvous with me tonight? Lol
O'Brother will always be one of my favorite bands. And it'll always confuse me when people don't at least see how talented they are.
Nice shot Ronaldo...
Dude this is why you can't have kids make a yearbook. Out of focus photos, misspelled names what the fuck
Lol @ Portugal's goalie
\": Stream nan Messi tout moun maten an?\" Si chak jou lita konsa litap bon wi
Why the fuck is the skeleton moving!
This isn't the 2010 team this 2014!!
Having a ruff day. Tried calling my sister back but I guess she's asleep. Now I have no one to talk to. Loneliness as usual.
Fuck bruh the 530 train no joke THERES HELLA FUCKING HEADS OMG
Omfg the bug bites on my feet
No way Phil of the future is on lmfoa
\"You want it tight, you don't want it to burst\"
putting a 1 year old and a 2 year old down for bed has reaffirmed my reluctance to have children
\": mind so far right now\ncan't even focus on one thing\"
remember when i held jack's hand
If doesn't make another season of Derek I'm gonna take a nursing home hostage
i keep trying to get my psychiatrist to give me adhd meds and like i am truly convinced i need them now...
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!!!
The \"look at the camera &amp; cross your arms\" intro is hilarious. They should be like Real Housewives and hold up a soccer ball.
\" you're from Sacramento? \" \n\" hella\" \n\" alright I believe you\"
I'm putting in my bio
keasiah just went to practice modern dance in bryant park and i put my shoes on the wrong feet this morning
Let's go let's go let's go
\"I have tried so hard to do right.\"
SHE SAID TO ME FORGET WHAT YOU THOUGHT CAUSE GOOD GIRLS ARE BAD GIRLS THAT HAVENT BEEN CAUGHT
I really cant fuck with you
I'm so dyslexic it's ain't funny
Just going to see how long it takes for you to text me first now that all my hope is gone.
My fam is really gathered in my kitchen jus story telling the bs
Hit a metabolic circuit this morning, so eating for the first time this year!
:35. Secs tho
.: longtap a hashtag to bring up mute options.
seriously 1 day without smoking is a big deal for me
going to this a's - mets game in basketball shorts and a tee
Fucking carnage man dropping a 50 song in his EDCLV set
I just realized I left my lock on my gym locker after I cleaned it out
I'm getting Versace tattooed on my Dick
You know it's legit when u walk into the store &amp; the girl that works there that met herself even says I look like her
MVP shaq, MVP shaq, MVP shaq
Soon as I get off work tomorrow I'm going to get a suit or three
World Cup equalizer - BABY!!! US 1, Portugal 1. Wow
I wish everytime my phone rang the text tone was chance the rappers voice
I hope get their National Training Center. Love that they see the bigger picture
Matt complains about this kid trying to hang but then answers saying \"yoooo come through\"
&amp; then jerk off 2 pics of drones
Damn room feels waaaay fresher wit an ac and fan blowing at the same time lol
Reminiscing on what once was.
'' batar '' e um misto de matar e bater
Long Island with on Monday going over and for the whole day. Can't wait
MT : Perhaps we should b grading Ss based on the quality of their Qs, rather than solely the accuracy of their As.
Maryrose entertains herself by farting in the pool and seeing who notices
I go to turn on the World Cup and I found out the cable isn't working
be back later
Kinda sad I'm missing the last day of Soph year
Im a fucking trooper
Changes to framework and accessibility API will make it easier for devs to do complex tasks.
How is Pharrell singing a song like happy and then featuring in a song called Move that dope?
All the ladies at the awards standing up in their feelings to Jhene Aiko right now
Shit Altidore better not be hurt for good
Where are you going for the fireworks?
the amount of money I just spent at cvs is depressing
I'm online shopping and putting clothes in my shopping cart but not buying anything cause I can't afford to actually buy new things
The girl I would mos def. date is moving away :\/
Just say you African American, that should suffice
It's getting wild out here in SF! USA USA USA USA
-- 1\/2 off everything at the LOFT. HAAAAALLLPP.
Since when does meet the press put congressional candidates on the air? Tim Russert must be rolling over in his grace.
Fucka 4 o'clock game, I'm just ready to watch France play
Crush tomorrow with the besties (:
Glad to see finally offer a native API for gmail. IMAP is a big .
Lebron- little prima donnas that will never be as good as jordan
There it is Wade
You ain't that nigga you claim to be .
Me and Alyssa are the craziest people I've ever met
why do my kittens love to lick my toes
this beautiful weather makes me feel some typa way.
Haha I think it's funny that is a thing and I also find it funny that I partake in it I regularly and randomly
Well there's 3 recalls on my car right now so that's good...
There are Great Americans, American Originals, American Outlaws, American Scofflaws, and American Americans.
Can't wait to go to the gym just so i can go on the treadmill and read lol
Don't ever let George sleep at your house
I just want to see my AP scores!!
When I close my eyes, I can still see visions of you on my mind
: 2 great national anthems played, &amp; battle it out ~ my vote's for !
Lol that \"foul\" though....
I ride with lebron win or loss. Dude is a beast
I was so hurt bruh lol like my heart was really broken
Magnolia electric co. A pretty epic record... J Molina is the man
Iight Germany, let's see you do some work
Stop texting me like you don't know you crossed a line.
I re-watch random episodes of pretty little liars.
There is a war going on in my stomach right now, maybe I just need another beer
Comportate a la edad q tienes porfa !
I literally hate every single one of you
Nigga u look like a Brazilian sea beetle
Fruit drops &amp; twinkling stars; tonight we dream, our lives are large.
Its sadd wen the people give you the best memories ..become a memory.
Typical family dinner conversation \"there are so many dead bodies on Mount Everest\"
Watched a full ep of GOT for the 1st time &amp; all I know is somebody got Mike Tyson-ed, somebody made somebody else pull an Elvis Presley...
? Cool cool cool. \n\n
Want a tomorrow? I have one opening at 5pm -&gt; email me to book skinbymolly.com
This mf d'usse got a nigga sweating n shit
Kevin and his girl are so cute
Fuck work, fuck 9 hour days, fuck thotties, fuck off and fuck you have a nice day
\": Who took pics of me and ?\" Facts
I miss Camille so much
I'll share my pack w you
Kai is DEFINITELYA an Airbender lol, he knows how to evade like Aang did.
I'm naming my first child Jermaine -- regardless of gender
I feel like I'm on my period cuz I'm so hungry
USA USA USA!!!
I just want to meet someone new and talk about life all night
Better hope I really don't see his face when I pull up tomorrow
Me and Alex are parked in Perris with nothing to do. Whats to do here?
I dont like receiving text in the middle of the night because it makes me jump out my sleep and now i cant go back to sleep
I like a bitch wit some lips like a bear trap and I don' mind goin down I take care of that
Taking steps is easy, standing still is hard
Megan Burns fan club members: me and frank
Can't start the day without coffee
Got my snacks for these awards
my moms filipino food is on point bomb
Nao era muito fa de Demi Lovato mais depois que me apresentaram Neon Lights passei a curtir
Goodluck to my boy tomorrow . Do you out there bro!
First time on the Jersey Turnpike!!!!!
At my mama house to the neck about to spark up in this thang
I miss the lobsters
6 people's houses in one day, it was fun :)
Had my Peet's, ate my yogurt, worked two hours on my homework, and it's not 8 am.
Could not sleep. Big big day
Eashaa v Brooklyn, Day 1:\nMe: yo dawg, wanna chill in da h00d?!\n*gets punched in the face by arbitrary thug*
Do u use Ricky's looks or moco ?
MacDonell is really good at driving young horses,wish I had that one at 19-1
I need to stop partying .... \nS I K E ! \nTurn up tonight !
Bae should not be playing right now but he just love his country so much.
Twitters \"what's happening?\" sample text either can be read as really hip or really urgent.
Ojala se empiece usar un zapato de caa color como los botines de puma
insomniaaa.. thank goodness I get to go in to work at 11 tomorrow.
It's just reality, when you look a certain way people see you differently...
Lmfao... Wheres my popcorn cause thats none of my business
Feeling the growing pains again
Every drug commercial I design that has elderly men as the patient ALWAYS has them in capris and a salmon colored shirt.
Celebrating USA's goal with a shot of jack! Let's take the win!!
I most likely followed you bc you're hot
I need to be a better boyfriend
competing with herself on this \"Video Award\"
My mom is now using Dropbox. I have to say...she's pretty damn cool.
It's crazy how close you can become to people in such a short amount of time. And how easy it is to lose someone you once thought was close.
Whoever just screamed at my dad on red spruce, smd and grow tf up
No ones up so imma go back to sleep
Wearing jeans tomorrow is gonna suckkkk
I dont think guys have the right to play with girls feelings.
Sometimes I just don't understand. But I guess if I understood everything then life wouldn't be as interesting.
Atleast I have the other Connor to sit by.
\nRange doesn't pay taxes, Melendez like children, and on and on and on, But Donald Sterling and Paula Seen Said the N word, so sad!
Yvonne Meusburger def. Vania King 7-5, 6-3 in the 1st Round of .
I really just got ready in 10 minutes lol
For real miami
I hope u don't mind when I put in words how wonderful life is
after this test, i'm signing up for dance classes
Ugh I need to clean my room
\"What if in like 30 years they made a film about Leonardo DiCraprio and how he never won an Oscar and the actor who played him got an Oscar\"
Liz is so dumb me, Kara &amp; amber are crying rn
id cry though if followed me lol
Fuck yo number one on snapchat
just gonna tweet about being proud of my friends who are going to college.. i just remembered most of my senior friends dont likeme anymore
Someone let me know where I can find Matty thank you
Im tryna go somewhere, but this rain thats supposed to happen is forceful.
Couldn't stand last season of so much that I waited until now to watch season 5 premier...
I can't believe I'm talking to him like this lol, this ain't me
Tonight was dope shoutout to for making it go down
Just nasty and not talking about the freaky nasty either
RIP Tasha. You were a good childhood dog.
Hopefully Dempsey can continue after that, my god
Ughhh how am I supposed to balance all this stuff out
I wish I could be sponsored by because I just want every pair of shoe possible
I just wanna get paid for living like is that too much to ask for?
FREEDOM POINTS FOR EVERYONE
CLINT DEMPSEY IS MY KING
The battle between &amp; Rich Ross from CMC is set to begin!
Fashion is about dressing according to what's fashionable. Style is more about being yourself.
Yankees lost 10-5.....
Moms got me hooked on this lifetime movie and I can't sleep until it ends
She's a little complicated, she'll make her mind up just to change it
I've come to the conclusion that I work way too much
Yashi!! A bet is a bet!
This is the first day I haven't smoked in probably 2 years
Awesome 10 mins!!!! wins and Costa Rica beat Greece on PK shoot out!
Just incase anyone was wondering- i'm a bad ass with a yoyo
I fell in love like you would fall asleep; slowly and then all at once. \/\/ \/\/
And finally after being out and about for almost 39 consecutive hours, I am finally getting ready for bed, this moment couldn't come sooner
I want to skip five years ahead in life and prove you so wrong
it's Wednesday wtf? thought it was Tuesday
Brian has everyone tweeting about him. , the press has questions. How do you feel about this upcoming thot daft?
.Yes, that really happened! LOLOLOL -&gt;
I think I will wear my dress I bought at American Apparel. Yes.
It's like someone snuck a lazy io in one of the libs I'm using. I'll find you and patch you motherfucker.
Cause I could spend my life just trying to sift through what I could've done better, but what good do what ifs do?
If I looked like Zooey Deschanel I'd always seem disappointed by the rest of humanity too.
People that say they can't trust anyone probably don't have any good friends because I feel like I can trust all my friend with anything.
I tripple text babe way too much
Saying something like the upcoming Photos app from Apple isn't exactly \"Pro\"? Sure, I guess. But you get unreal results worthy of making $.
Ain't no fireworks or cookout cause of dis rain niggas
En NBA hay tambien revancha Spurs
the amount of effort required to clean my room right now is absolutely unreal. it'll have to wait
Crazy how much your feelings can change towards a person
Yo no tengo necesidad de andar con amiguitos diferentes y picarmelas de bandida ;) ;)
i hope i live to see a world where the human race can learn to accept and love instead of hate and discriminate
ignorant people are usually the ones who think they know everything
So &amp; other US car manufacturers can recall millions of cars over safety concerns for their customers. Yet can't
Long overdue...rewarded on a brilliant strike ....keep up the effort.
I wish when people broke up, all the memories were erased and you could just act like nothing happened
Sending everyone pictures of my dress bc I'm so in love
There is absolutely no point in buying anything remotely expensive for your house if you happen to live with the 10 &amp; under set...which I do
Jack swear he Sam Fisher, James Bond and Batman
I just wanna get away from New York !
Shootouts in soccer are so anticlimatic compared to hockey shootouts
I'm hungry now. I may need to make a pit stop at the Dennisville Wawa.
I just want to hug Cody
my mom just said \"what if i got u front row?\" hahahaha
What the fuck is going on!!!
Church done now bouta be on my way to see babes...
rolling thru my hood rolling up some goood
Waiting to play ghost cause game is BROKEN!!!
I want to be like skinny and hot and have a flat stomach and all these things but my bed...
Why don't you try to fix the problems you create instead of dipping out like you always do.
Keep ya heart inside ya chest not in someone else's hand
I need to watch Caddyshack. That movie always makes me feel better.
That goal was brought to u by freedom and equality.
Stuck in between hot in the sheets or cold outside the sheets there is no in between for me
Soooo let's start a conversation people . What's everyone doing ?
JUSTICE LEAGUE SIGHTING
Stressful day: US-Germany, NBA Draft that could determine the fate of the Sixers for years to come
I need to do something exciting this summer ..
Also, I don't believe any soccer injury is real. A guy could have an axe stuck in his back and I'd still be skeptical.
My vision is complete shit, but when it gets dark...I minus well be blind
Tomorrow is gonna be the longest day of all time
But if you disrespect me throw ya hands up cause I'm gunning for you
It's sad to me that people tweet about the Grammys more on that day than they do about America on the 4th of July
CMON WE CAN DO IT WE ARE ALMOST THERE OG CMON BUY IT NOW
I've been babysitting Atticus since 10 &amp; I'm so worn out. How do parents do this everyday?!
I can't tell you what I learnt from school, but I can tell you a story or two
Dat was the last straw frfr doe , ion fuck widd nobody but myself ,
Trevor needs to @ me or I'll fucking rip him a new asshole
Try calling me a puck slut now, I'm just a baby.
Hit me up on Line: rafael1024 :)
Hijaaaaa de milll this nigggas tooooo nastyyy
It's fitting that on Father's Day the Heat would find out who their daddys are. \n
I hope you are rolling in dough, sad desk man
WHY WONT MS MAGERKURTH EMAIL ME BACK I WANNA KNOW MY GRADE
Where's the dark avatar though? I want more action already lol
I'm a visual manifestation of your over stressed self conscience
Cannot WAIT to spend my fourth of july with rich snobby people that have so much money they don't know what to do with it!!!
I`m with Radio Monte Carlo Nights)
I still love I still love I still loaaveeeee
Watch everybody act like they resurrected Angie Martinez on the Breakfast club.. Oy
Tot goes to sleep too early. I be wanting to talk and she just passed out smh
Why can't I just be happy instead Of making everyone else happy for once
If you don't tell your gf she's hot all the time I hope she dumps you
KSJC 240953Z AUTO 29003KT 10SM CLR 14\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T01440094
Omg he just send me a nude snapchat
I swear to god I'm getting a carter follow today
They say that the world was built for two
Remember when TLC ran educational programs and not shows about little people, snobby brides, and hoarders? Well I do. Bring that ish back
We need Landon
You'll never make it if you can't speak for yourself
Just watched the bruins 2010 winter classic game.
Plan B = Brock Lesnar!
And its is Costa Rica to play the dutch! !!
Focusing on clothes only now ill get my shoes before school start.
Hahaha I was so cold last night that I sat next to this girl who had a blanket and asked if she could share now we're friends
My dad thinks I got all day
I'm actually looking forward to going back to school if \"looking forward to\" means \"absolutely and completely dreading\".
My girl will still \"Shut. It. Down.\" with 52 cans!
We have enjoyed all the fun with you , I am so glad u come out, please feel free to officially join us and become AO!
Ain't got shit to worry about. All them bitches 12
They finally made Wifi in cars that's a god sent
my tl is currently all 5sos spam
Lil b*tches got me fuked up, every time I come down here I gotta hurt somebody's child
Boat boat boat
Spontaneous beach trip with my bitches
Literally everytime I think of a friend getting hurt a certain way, they get hurt that way the same day...I habe powers! 0_0 all shall neal!
Getting to work an hour early cuz you can't read a clock.
Singing Black Skinhead is probably one of the funnest things you can do lol
I was suppose to be at EF but I just love Westcoast reggae festivals more so I'm staying in Cali this week. Fourth festival of the year!!
I have so many USB cords I can make a wig out of them.
Your really ah pussy that's what the streets say
Kmt tell yo deh bowy deh nuh good enuh
In today's news: Yahoo picked up community. Follow up story: Yahoo becomes relevant again due do Harmon-fueled viewership...and nothing else
These DCI pics are depressing.
I don't know what to clean since everything is already clean
US of motha fuckin A
Hyped for the tomorrow. Gonna keep making history.
Pleeeaasseee dooontt breakkk meee please don't let me faallllllll
People can be so ignorant haha
Lebron need to fight wade hard as shit for playing like a bitch
this weekend my baby trynna turn up.
Sometimes I think God is trying to one up me in the joke department.
RETWEET AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME\n\n FOLLOW ALL WHO RTS\n\nFOLLOWBACK EVERYONE\n GAIN \n\n
I'm going to cry if this sprinkler that just turned on comes around and hits me.
..another offsides for Ronaldo
I don't want a single sober vein in my body
This life slips past us so fast.
Don't be so afraid to die.
Your like a brother to me, I took you for granted for so many years. But now your close to gawn and i dont know what to do.
You know you made me a promise\n\nWere not in this for commitment
The Miami Heat are just one of those teams in sports I thoroughly enjoy to watch lose!!
No more USA? Brazil gets my support starting today.
I can't be the only one who loves to see interracial couples?
I just spend my nights watching Jaclyn hill cause she's a dope betch
\"Don't be scared of the black man with the bright ass green shirt. I'm from the hood but I don't bite.\" -pretzel dude
According to oomf my ass is already taken
it's impossible to not like messi
so this kid who's like a pro surfer goes to my school or program or whatever you wana call it. he's literally the whitest kid I've ever seen
The ending of Toy Story 3 always has me in tears.
If you love her then let her go.\nShe don't come back she a ho for sho
Some people don't know how mean they can be
I love my timing. It stopped raining when I decided to go out and now that I came back in, the rain started again (:
The only thing I ever see on Twitter is relationship tweets.
My dude is walking around Wal-Mart with a helmet on... Now that's what I call safe shopping
Fucc holding bacc . . imma keep it 100
Mini Roadtrippin day
new apartment = no cable\/internet for a week. Galaxy s5 with hot spot + 10 gig data plan + google chromecast = no problem.
My clothes are still wet from the pool at XS.
Im not fucking with if Melo leaves.
He literally gives the best advice
Into the dark abyss of creating a 2 round mock draft go I. I may not make it out alive, but I can tell you my mock draft may surprise you.
Ben: do you think will's your real dad?\nMe:Lmfao no\nBen: well I mean there's a chance? You have brown spots!\nMe:where?!?\nBen: u hve freakles
I'm not liking this pow girl on
...&amp; take your squad w\/ you because they need it too.
I wanna cute text .. Lol but goodnight
Why bother even talking to you
Where My Johnny Bravo at
I have work tomorrow so I should be sleeping.
Casual ver a Steve Aoki en Miami como civil
I need a breating mask thing for these pk's
Why this country is still allowed to be taken hostage by 5 conservative men in black robes, I will never know..
I know you want a break from Toronto
I think a physical and arguably dirty game plays into hands. Americans live for that style of play
\": Being a girl is hard . .bc when another girl asks you for a ponytail, you have to give it to her even if it's your favorite\"
If you don't think money buys happiness you should spend a day in the life of a fangirl and you will change your mind in a heartbeat
There is a man eating spider in my house rn .. Currently screaming
Can I be 18 already
Congratulations Argentina &lt;3 :*
Holy shit I DO NOT CARE ABOUT CANDY CRUSH SAGA
Listennn Mann, never judge a girl from her Instagrammmm..
La calle no me ve hoy
I accident shocked myself today with a plug.
Niggas know better who 2 fuck wit but when you outta town niggas don't know u and might try to flex but I never let a nigga hoe me
Lmao I just peeped I gotta switch my bio around
I see Seth Rollins left The Shield and joined Morpheus and the resistance.
I'm just gonna listen to Barenaked Ladies until Friday.
319- ps need to hmu lol
nobody understands the guilt I gotta live with.
All I gotta say is \"sayonara, nigga\"
The best song on the carter 4 didn't even have Wayne on it smh
MyCourses *REQUIRING* my password to include one of the Following: !@#$%&amp;)( explains why my left hand has developed
DEMPSEY DEMPSEY DEMPSEY!
Clearly the reffs are favoring Mexico in this match, Robben has been fouled many times yet non have been called.
The people of San Antonio are going to be late to work in the morning.
Tank in the building with that dolce
Nah Joseline getting hacked... lmaoo i cant be crying ;((
dont trust ppl who dont use twitter daily
nigga popped up on my TL lol
Just got my first driftwood phone call of the summer...day one tomorrow
Soccer is so boring like shiet
\": A person who really wants something will find a way; a person who doesn't will find an excuse.\" via
Sucks for all u brooklyn nets fans
My dad stopped to get me wine on his way home from work
I'm convinced drug dealers work off a different time system. An hour in drug dealer time is 90 min.
I'm glad I've come across great people in my life like
My world was just rocked so hard
I'm kinda sad the heat lost tho. Nike would've dropped Champ lebron 11s and I would've made bank from reselling :(
Surrounded by dope art at
Guys stop fucking around and watch fringe already
I managed to run 7 miles today and all I want to do is eat a pint of ice cream and a donut right now.
God has a plan for everyone. I live by that.
It's been a while since I've paid her homage, but Cesaria Evora was such a majestic talent. I am dazed each and every time I hear her music.
Who wants to come over this weekend and hangout in the basement with me?? No one okayy
I've been on summer vacation for almost two months now and people are still in school
If a girl Listens to the weeknd at night she gon moan in her sleep
The most important people in your life are the ones you can picture sitting on the porch with
Great white shark sighting off the coast of the Jersey Shore. May the odds ever be in your favor ~
Crap, Ramadan started today , one of the Docs I work with is Muslim. He's gonna be a little cranky by the end of the day if we are busy
Too bad :-( I'd love to get fucked stupidly by him day and night and catch all his nuts.
Struggling with letting the past go and taking a hold of your future?\nRead Philippians 3:13-14 for encouragement you need today.
We live in a world of lies , the truth forever hidden
If you still do it even though it's wrong, you obviously don't see it or you just don't give a fuck.
Do guys really think i give a fuck?? This kid just told me not to fuck with him ?? Bye felicia
I will never understand why people lie to people they not in a relationship with ? Like what are you gonna lose?
Impressively sent an amazing paragraph text at 4am with fantastic grammar that I dont remember composing because I was sleeping. TALENT.
I'm so ready for The Decision: Part II
When it's summer; it's too hot, I want winter.\nWhen it's winter; it's too cold, I want summer.\nWe can never win.
niiice. RT : vacation. a battle event just happened to be going on while i'm there so i'm catching that lol
I slept all day I hate doing that
\": Passing the Act would add $329 billion to the U.S. economy. \"
I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose
Nothing like stepping in wet garbage in filthy ass Manhattan :)))
The best thing is u cood stop talking to me and I woodnt give a fuck about you
Lambos are so low to the ground my god
I need to find someone to watch the fireworks w. Incase I go to peekskill.
I'm in charge of so many dogs this weekend
I don't wanna be a Manhattan person...
I need culture. I run off tht shit.
well so much for saving my check
Girls wont leave till they get fed up...
My brain is a collection of over 2000 pop hits, if anyone wants to take me on I'll win
OMFG!! Its a hamstring injury, get up and walk of the field but not leave on the board. Give me a break.
Reasons to date me: I'll cook for you.
That doesn't help
Ginobli just disrespected the rim.
But as the elevator lowered so did a tear
I HATE the word \"Bae\" .
I hate when people get your hopes up even tho they don't know it's gonna happen
I hate volunteering bc it feels like slave work
Why hasn't Signed to the Streets 2 dropped yet?!?!
im so bored &amp; i can't fall asleep.
I can get up and face the day just fine all by myself. Go out &amp; take on the world\n&amp; get it done like nobody else, but I dont do lonely well
Hey there Delilah whats it like in New York City...I'm a thousand miles away so bitch like my instagram pics and make plans to cum n see me
Ok, time to go to bed. Good night and God bless &lt;3
May the fourth be with you.
\": 15X. Yuck. Ric Flair is rolling in his grave. \" EXACTLY!! ITS A JOKE!!
Di Maria has no right.. It's pretty disgusting . Stop doing that shit and do a simple pass with your right !
Super stoked for on his first WOO win!! Way to go! Congrats Crockett family!!
I don't know what it is about you that makes me want you so much
Both teams played well! Wish I got to see Bosnia make a goal
Over that old nigga on to me. Wait honestly you don't know no better
Starting a sad girls club counter movement called happy boys club
I'd honestly rather be home right now
Honestly wouldn't mind moving to a town or school where I don't know anyone
I want my Donnie darko tattoo already gonna put it on my arm
metro completo estoy muy lejos yo voy por alla en estos dias:(
But it might also be due to the super crazy dreams I had!!
Someone tell me when Ambrose vs Orton is on. That is the only match I want to see!
\": Napping together is my kind of date.\"
3 hrs of work then I'm gonna spend the entire day laying out in my bikini. Hit me up cuz I need constant communication to feel validated.
Tweet. through. It
Iar Eminescu... sper ca atunci cand dam noi bacu sa nu pice tot asta :-&lt;
Ronaldo gets his eyebrows waxed more often than I do.
\"Meanwhile u two were standing around finga poppin each othas assholes... Were not finga poppin each others assholes\"
Two more days until music video shoot. ...
me x are really out here...like, really out here
The only people I owe my loyalty to are the people who never made me question theirs
birds are chirping and the sun is rising yet I haven't gone to sleep yet LOL
NO I SHIP STYDIA FUCK THIS
Twitter is so nasty now bruh hahaha why can't it be how it was my freshman year when people just roast eachother
Burning Brian's leg hair with the lighter just cause..
Uzo needs some type of an award for her role as \"crazy eyes\" cause damn
Ahora solo queda apoyar a Colombia, que es lo mismo que ECUADOR, pero sin el CONDOR.
When will you act your age? Your the reason things had to change.
With her red neck ass !
GOD DAMNIT JOHN HACKED MY PHONE AGAIN
Fuck me like I'm number one
J'regarde le film ou y a Nicki Minaj dedans
Man we got some shit that make noise
Kinda early to go into a shell here
I from where the streets test ya
Girl comes up to me and says what you drivin i say....BUGGATI.
Uh oh...Can someone explain it to me? RT never mind, you don't get twitter.
I know a few things about sports other then that sports are dumb.
Damn is it that hot in sj right now? Cuz I'm freezing over here in sf.
Celebrating America's birthday by rooting for Germany over France
Signal problems at 71 Av:\nSome s\/b trains via local from Union Tpke to 71 Av.\nS\/b trains delayed.\nPlease allow additional travel time.
IM SCREAMING HE ANSWERED MY QUESTION
The devil on my shoulder tells me he's proud of me, that it takes a real man to looks out for himself, I don't want to believe that.
I just tripped over one thing in my room and got so aggravated that I cleaned it spotless after being messy for over a month
Smoke good weed with a bad bitch... All night we gone sit on them clouds
This single shit is wack man
Goooooolllll de la usaaaa
\"\" ustedes juran que esto nos afecta, nojoda yo estoy cagada de la risa
We been at it since he been home like damn lol it's time to go to bed bruh
They should be selling booze at this thing im falling asleep
You can buy a $325 Gucci belt but cant afford to move out moms house...niggas but tryna look famous but can't have company past 9:00pm
Damnnnn I follow some bad ass bitches
im sorry i don't say bye anymore, i just make some excuse like \"someones calling me on the other line\"or\"bout to get in the train\" :\\
30 seconds into the game the US scores!!!!!!!!
Playing the house tmrow ; gotta get my head on straight
Planning on eating an ungodly amount of pasta .
Which best buy I choose to pick up a new Mac book charger from depends on what I want for lunch
Everybody is taking the same picture of the sky rn, should I also take one??
I told myself i wasnt gonna tweet about the World Cup but honestly wtf was that
Dear bae,\nIn this generation, yes it does. \n
hey u kno whats funny? Only pieces of shit are married
Send me some numbers you thots
It almost feels better when you actually wronged the person, you can learn from a mistake....what do you learn when somebody else did?
At the park with a resident lawdddd. Watching a pick up game and its a funny one lol!!!!!
Red chucks on to remind em, where i'm visiting from, red Marlins cap on to let em know where i'm from...
A lil rain in the summer can't hurt nobody smh
Shoulda known better not 2 fuck wit u Don't got nothin but 2 much 2 lose Lost in the rush don't know what 2 do that drug got u like I want u
Watching the last episode of Lost tonight and having my last day of high school tomorrow..it's gonna be an emotional 24 hours
Lay Me Down by Sam Smith is literally one of the best songs i've ever heard...crying
Pues nada a cambiar de hastag como siempre 7 veces cada programa xDxD
i don't understand why anyone would ever want to graduate college early, i'm still trying to scheme up a plan to let me stay longer
Brad gives me one shoutout then BAM 4382048372810247391913728 followers
IM SO EXCITE DOT SEE LEILA IM GONAN FUCKIDNG SHIT IN MY MOUTH
sun is almost setting all the way. pics are gonna be floodin your feed. please dont hate.
Don't give a fuck about a scumbag like you
If any of you's wanna come shoot some balls at HeBitch Reyes. You're more than welcome to join me at Palmyra turf.
I hate that I'm insecure. .
Fucking son of a bitch
\"It's okay to be alone.\"\nI'm gonna slit your throat.
I fuck with real ass ppl who speak the truth and don't rly give a damn
Land of the Free, Home of the Bored
Oh Jennifer Freeman from My Wife &amp; Kids.
QUE TE QUEDE CLARO, ERES LA PERSONA QUE BUSCO.
I haven't came home before 7pm since I moved back to New York smh
Each episode is like 90 minutes, hope it lasts me until the end of July
Holy shit steph looks like dirt yes yes yes
TBH the only mystery I want solved is how they got $50,000
Hanging out at the booth at ! represent!
68th street 6 train, what's good? \nHaven't seen you in a minute.
freys introducing me to some good music YAAAAS
Is chlamydia supposed to make you fat or..?
r dominating w\/ a 3-1 lead in the as they fight for their 1st championship win in 7 years! Can they do it?!\"
567 I want to k i s s you
You went from being a best friend to being a good friend, to being just a friend, to now acquaintances. Crazy how that works.
I guess it's not what you take when you leave this world behind you, it's what you leave behind you when you go
My dad's girl jammin mad hard to Hello- Above &amp; Beyond...
Stolen or not, it's still not funny
That ice cream truck sound so good
\": Fuck it I'm about to drink\"drinking brings back old memories
US acting like the own the whole cup that goal smh
Me quedo dormida con mi waifu
you people see a crowded room, i see a chance to cropdust a shitload of nervous people
Happy birthday murica! Wow you're growing up, so proud
If you like brand new plz check out Drive Like I do aka the old The 1975.
this summer has already been fun.
the whole ASAP Mob, Flatbush Zombies, Ab-Soul...wth this show was everything
Everyone should just turn off their wifi password
I smell like tanning oil and coconut.
This whole giddy insomnia thing that happens before I travel would be just dandy except for the part where I have to present in ~5.5 hours
They should just send me home cause I'm not doing shit today
Live in the moment. Don't get old. Don't judge people because you can't be free if you judge. Love now. Create. Inspire. Do what you love
Someone buy my a drink after tomorrow!! I'm in need of one after this tiresome week with school.
Tk &amp; t rood are kings of the pit
- Your my bestfriend . I no if i need advice or something to talk to you .
I instagramed a pic w my friend and she gained 15 more followers mmm its like i did one of those shout outs haha
Epic battle between Brienne of Tarth and the Hound.
I tried but no cash needed it to
It's nicer outside than inside.
I don't want to care but I do
Who wants to come over tonight I'm a lonely person
GOD BLESS AMERICA
take a shot for all the girls wearing an American flag\/bandana as a shirt
bruh I am so bored wow
Our relationship is over all the best I've ever had.there are little things that will be tweaked over time, but \"us\".I wouldn't change \"us\"
I have to wake up at 6 am, for the next 3 days. And then again for everyweek after that in July haha!
Congrats a lot class of 2014!!!
If it's too complicated to be with you I won't be with you.
Some things have just begun to click.
What even if my life man
I always feel really confident and pretty when I don't see the one person I'm trying to impress.
Gonna punch Sabrina in the 256883 times.
I knew it once Nani didn't clear dat ball
Wake up for practice at 4 fuck me
WHY IS MY MOM TAKING ALL DAY
That better be a fucken lie! Will Smith cannot be dead!
why does my dad hate me why can't he complement my 91
Message Rehulized on xbox for a 6 on bo2
Do you ever feel like the internet is in a conspiracy against you to remind you about someone?
The most interesting part of Jersey Boys was when I accidentally sneezed on Jason's hand and he got mad... 1\/10 recommend
my roommate is caking to his online community gf ..while playing world of warcraft or something
Flopped but wade extended the arm too
This is the earliest I've been up alll summer
Okay so wdf do I eat tonight? I'm tunning outta shit to eat
I think I have become an app hoarder.
jeSUS CHRIST make out with me
Why my mom always against me. Like she really gonna root for Costa Rica living in Astoria since she migrated. Like da fuckk
Does wanna fuck with Henny today ?
le mois prochain jreprend la danse
Dr. Caldera isn't our principle anymore?
I loved today with every fiber of my being
Finally home and I have to be up in 2 hours. Do I stay up and go to class or do I skip class and sleep all day hmm decisions decisions
Of course my dad fucking switched to verizon WITHOUT the ESPN package DURING THE WORLD CUP. I'm still fucking pissed about that.
Just pulled my duck call out of my purse and my dad geeked the fuck out.
WHAT A CRACKA
Howard saved the celebration
don't chase after someone who's not chasing after you
\"There was a high wall there that tried to stop me.\nA great big sign there said 'Private Property'.
The coverage given to Gullu Butt compared to somebody like Samina Baig explains how filthy the Pakistani mainstream media has become.
My weekly scroll thru Facebook looking for hoes to bang lol
Clint Dempsey in less than a minute
Not a fan of the US uniforms.
So is everyone gonna avoid Djais tonight bc they are too cool or can we make that the move
This could be us but I hate you.
Walkin into michaels and feeling crafty but I got no time nor patience
Devin is playing way too hard way too fast!
you always want what you don't have .
Devin's gonna be a huge upcoming target.
In the melting pot of America there is no such thing as black or white or brown or green or gray or blue there is just one you
Losing your faith in happy endings is the worst thing you can do.
Im just trying to get my money back lmao
Dude just threatened that his kid will have to go home with someone else. I wouldn't worry about that.
My eyes are so puffy .
I need to change my twitcon... I feel like a 23 year old low life that messages girls on Facebook... N pulls some catfish shit..
Why can't they cast a more diverse people to be housemates. More than just\n1 gay.1 blk girl and boy. Need! Little more\n.\n\n
I should probably work out rn
i have a bad obsession with shopping
People tweet the dumbest things at this time, go to sleep lol
Wide awake with no one to text
All you bitches tweetin about me and shit. Stop being pussies and just tag me in it! Grow up a little!
Nobody hit worse than my mama like fuck she heavy handed
he can be such an ass
In my future husbands wedding vows he has to vow to say I hot everyday or I won't marry him
me and my girls will talk shit about you. and you won't even know it. unless we want you too lmao
Dempsey you dogg you! Goaaaallll! let's do this USA!
So fucking annoying
So phenomenal, the way you make me feel.
It's fun stunting with Sydney and Jeffrey
There's a thing called love \nThat we all forget \nAnd it's a wasted love \nThat we all regret &amp;B
Hair Healthier Then a Lotta You Bitches
If u dont have relationship ptsd from ur ex was it even real
I hate when people do this shit to me. I'm not one to brag but I'm to good for it and don't deserve it.
Always that one event that has to happen that eventually shapes ones life out. Just don't realize it yet.
Pretty cool to be sitting in Kirkwood meadow listening to the USA-Ghana game! Great score USA!
this is a no bs zone.
No one in my group chat likes me anymore oh
Ed Sheeran got me missing you.
I don't mind critiquing the hell out of ur videos and songs but don't ask me to follow shit!!! Niggas are u paying me!!!???
At the gym and there's this guy that's clearly a ballet dancer with his poise and flexibility and I can't help but feel very inadequate.
Blessed for another year , and all the people in my life
There are tears in my eyes.
I wish my aunt was here shed help me but guess what she isn't
Rompers: almost too much work on for a .
don't understand how people can ever think it's appropriate under ANY circumstances to tell you negative things about your appearance.
How do you even have access to my twitter. Fuck.
I'm told by that 1st responders kept its personnel from accessing IRS effected equipment for hours. outage now in 15th hour.
How she ask drea if you ever took a golden shower.. That's fucked up
I'm too sweaty for life rn
I love you so much omg
Right ON time home to watch the Heat loose :(
My cat is hiding.. He knows I'm going to force him to snuggle me..
Klose getting the start for Germany today. Let's Make History
IF CALEB DIES IM GONNA CRY SO HARD!!!!
\"Where did you get your eyebrows done at?\" \n\"Prison.\" \nOh
Pura Vida! Los ticos van a la final ocho...was that right ?
Couldn't have asked for anything else. Great group of team mates wish I could of played with y'all for a whole season. Much luck to you all.
Congrats to everyone that graduated from NAC tonight
\"Dique\" y \"mija\" lo unico que sabe decir el gringo
I'm marring a brunette. Sorry. Not really.
the following is the greatest show I've ever watched omg
Peanut butter is all I really need in life
I'm here for a week and you'll see what's up? Yeah okay.
Leave it to the USA guy to decline the stretcher
amazing. Sad for the Greeks, but someone had to win
My mom is already planning to kick me out lmfaoo
Cam need to come on like bitch don't tell me to come get you then when I get there you ain't ready girl bye
Michael Jackson died today? I never would have guessed from the 500 Facebook statuses I keep seeing constantly.
I brought my mom to see TFIOS and she didn't cry once.
my eyes have been burning for 2 days straight i'm about to jus gouge them out with my fingernails if this shit don't stop
Hella hoes, few ladies with class
Lmao that flop doe ;-;
Summer time single season.. live it love it
Fuck you rain I'm trying to watch tv!
ah i put the nagisa sticker that gave me on my chromebook! I THINK I'LL COLLECT MORE STICKERS FROM AA FRIENDS
Daughter graduates from elementary school tomorrow. Simultaneously proud and heartbroken.
ain't no sunshine when she's gone, it's not warm when she's away..
Actually did not take one pic at the club bc all I wanted to do was dance goooodlooks
If today I woke up with you right beside me like all of this was just some twisted dream
See me at church today for the first time in 23 years
I feel so bad for kaitlyn right now... Hehehe
\"What the heck is wrong with you\" -dad
.must have read
Parks be locked down by baba's playing cards
Whoever wants rumbas come over and light it
Just landed! 20min to get to the gig! Happy pride San Francisco!!! See ya soon Grace Towersand all my\nSf people come to MOBY DICK tonight!
So I'm not a fan of waking up at 330.
I woke up to two hot dogs at my bedside. Bad decisions are in my genes.
Oh shit Jack! Lmaooooo he literally flung her out the window!!!
People don't appreciate what they have, until they no longer have it.
Mis Lindos Primos Vienen :') :$
i know this is gonna be another sleepless night bc of my stupid thoughts.
I fell asleep w precalc all around me and that's probably gonna be my entire school year tbh
I feel so lazy and weak lol
Worst i have ever seen
Got mad hoes ask Beavis I get nothing butt-head
Who wants to hang out at the chili fest
NOW SHES TALKING ON THE PHONE REALLY LOUDLY WITH SIGNS TELLING YOU TO TAKE YOUR PHONE CALLS OUTSIDE!
Congrats to on NABC Court of Honor Person of the Year Award! Awesome!
Hectic day today but wanted to take the time to send my condolences to the family of radio icon Casey Kasem who passed away..RIP
Going back to Fresno tomorrow for another step towards being a correctional officer. Hopefully it goes well :)
According to Fifa, the world cup will be the reason for the next baby boom
Kms for 2 and a half hours of sleep
all of u new on the jhene wave ty
That was a fucking travel by Ginoble!!! REFS BLOW
Man too bad Langdon Donovan can't come off the bench
*silently cries whilst singing star-spangled banner*
The A's are touring across the country beating the shit out of everyone
Ummmm foul? Haha
When I'm in my spaceship, my face is so complacent
IDGAF, SOME GUYS ARE HOES. Like it fr pisses me off when a man hoe rants about girls being hoes..like dude really?
Mom n carol surprised me at Subken meadow omg I didn't have to change to go in the car they took me home we stop at king Mullen?
4th of July on Friday and I'm still not home
Feel like laying down right now watching a movie and eating some junk food. Might just do that
So who's having the biggest 4th of July party?
How the fuck am I supposed to deal with the stress of summer classes when I can't even go through an episode of scandal without a Xanax
&amp; Angie just bitch slapped my forehead
Bought the kids water balloons as an end of the year gift. Yeah I'm the best para
Lol, that wasn't even a foul.
Takin night quil drains me. I can't leave my bed
Happy Father's Day
I don't understand the problem itself nor do I understand why I'm so angry about it.
Seriously all of you girls need to stop obsessing and wishing for a boy like Augustus Walters, cause he's only a character in a movie
About to watch the new season of ... Does it matter I haven't seen the last season and a half?
.Breaded? What, are we lunch now? Oh, could you point me to your instances of respect you have for me please?
dont trust ppl who don't use twitter daily
Spontaneous buy- my step dad just got a 528i ??
Dempsey!!!!!!!! Goooooaaallll!!! !!!!
Jet blue is always on Cuban time I'll be there at 7= 9:45
Motivation is at an all time low
I'm so excited movies are finally being adapted from 's books! It's about time!!
Kinda wanna go for a swim
\"Penguins send James Neal to Nashville, they receive Patric Hornqvist and Nick Spaling\" My boy, , played like Hornqvist.
\": It's actually scary how fast the weeks are going\" they needa slow down tbh
siiiiii feluz por ellos .
If money not on your mind don't speak
STOP SHOWING ME GIRL BOOTY, SHOW ME BOY BOOTY.
Derek Jeter: the ultimate proof that age is just a number.
Wow I just finished ! Do I really have to wait a whole year for season 3?!??
Just saw transformerss best movie I've seen in a while
They'll call me freedom just like a wavinnn flag
You act like everything is fine after an argument , and it sure as hell isn't
This guy is a defensive wall rn
Having fun at the my friend Donna Redd spoke about my Brenda \"Mother of pride\" Howard.
its a soft generation kids these days give up on everything
GOAL GOAL GOALL
The further you step outside the main stream media construct, the sillier war becomes to the point anyone who believes in it becomes a clown
That nigga costly would've gotten washed
Cant wait to get out of this town and live with my favorite people in the middle of no where for 7 weeks
I've been sitting at this fucking red light for 10 min right now are you fucking kidding me right now
I never changed my bio that's how you know jasmin destroyed my life this morning
Why is my MacBook being so stupid
Let me put my Beyonce shrine back up... Idk how she did it but in a 15 second video she gave me life again.. I wanna dance now
NY got some good sour diesal
Extremely excited and honoured to be interning for 's ! :)
Breathe in breathe out
Beautiful CR7. W*nker.
Heat lost LOL
Disliking u more and more with each second that passes :)
It's only 1 why do I feel like everyone is sleeping...
FUCK GHANA GIVE US PORTUGAL
Ever been to Bosnia son? Ever been up in that shit?!
Costa Rica wins with only 10 men
will any guy I know allow me to bleach a small section of their hair please
NEW FIREEYE THINGY:\n\nSecurity spends too much. APT! Lab tests mean nothing! The DBIR is cool. All commercial tools suck. \n\nWait not us tho!
Wowow I wish I was in San Antonio right now
These Days \n\nI'm a little more focused
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe 4th of July! :))
\": Miss you\" miss you too already ross !!!
I'm watching Pocahontas because favorite Princess
Imagine if ppl had no teeth
al i want is to lay in a bed and listen to my music while gradually falling asleep; preferably while someone plays w\/ my hair
I just wanna lie in bed and watch a scary movie.
I never can sleep at night
Something my dad has never done
Purposely asked my mom to make meatloaf so I could scream \"MA THE MEATLOAF\"
Tim Howard.. You the real MVP.
I'm going shopping Friday if I gotta get my ass on the subway and go myself. Fr
I've got a sweet office available for rent perfect for a or company
Cause we been through the worst times and the best times, but it was our time even if it was part time.
Omg a fuckboy has never pissed me off so much!!!! But I'm just gonna kick it and stay cool. Cuz what can I doooo??
U should know who u dealing with never try and change them
damn work lunches go by way too quick..
Wearing my new America to sleep because why not
\": that's the truth. I'm in charge of my destiny.\"
Dempsey's nose was sideways
People will never change their habits for you honestly
\"Noelle you can't even count to five.\"
Crazy eyes definition of love in this episode makes wanna cry it's so cute
I'd like to apologize to my neighbors in advance.
i just want a friend that i can talk to about anything
About to smoke alot of pot with my bitches and get turnt
Thinking abiut everything is getting me so angry. Cant even sleep
Talk about a perfect start...
Should we watch the US game at wingstop tom?
Don't be afraid to lose what was never meant to be.
you're sooo two faced
You don't understand so stop judging.
Ya let's leave for Ocean City at 10am....
Thank god good ppl keep coming into my life
I thought the dopest thing about \" A Part of Me \" is the fact the girls did the part for laura whiteside.
These schmucks doing the wave out here. Might start dishing out my own for
I think one of the best things in the world is watching someone talk about something their passionate about
me and nicki were driving home from queens just now and flipped over like 3 times on sunrise onto the service road
I just cam guys
The only girl that could dye her hair any color and wont look crazy is lol
DO WORK JONES
I really don't know what to wear today. Is naked an option?
They should of had their base coach bat
Yeah I like eating ass, what's the big deal!!
There aint sheit to do in roch
Sub Zero, it is not at the north pole because polar bear farts increase global warming.
We could be legendary la la la la la.
If ur not a costa rica fan. You need to re evaluate your Team selections
I can see the light start to tremble
I actually did meet 2\/6 of O2L
arbitro comprado eso era roja !!
I just said \"good\" in your tone of voice and it made me wanna cry imy so much.
old songs bring old memories fr
According to I can register \"eat at Mcdonalds\". Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Black cats stay crossing my path
The enemy of my enemy is my friend
I can't stand how ignorant and selfish hand are to other humans. We are all one of the same species. Color, rave, religion, doesn't matter!
Where's the Sunday funday party at tonight
I really like who I'm becoming. Priorities all together.
I REALLY DONT HAVE THE FUCKING TIME TO BE WASTING MY TIME WITH NIGGAS THAT DONT WANT MY TIME
I hate waking up in the middle of the night.
I'm not the smartest, but I would never turn down free money.
Missed my babes
I think I've maxed out my retard moments for one day
Marc never fails to annoy me
Howard goalkeeper of the tournament already really he's amazing
d'Arnaud with an RBI double, making it a 6-game hit streak since his recall.
Got all my soccer apps ready to go since I won't be home tomorrow
Maybe it's time to chase a different dream...
saben que mejor pensemos que estaban borrachosy todo rela dale?
and i swear when she first moved i cried , and when she was born i couldn't hold my tears , i fell in love
What is it like to be a father??
Whats even worse is when theres something coming between you and what you want and you cant even do anything about ir
Are we still tweeting about Nelson Cruz?! Facts: He's not on the Mets. He's a DH. LET IT GO! My word.
Soft shell crabs for dinner. Now eating pork bun on the line for ice cream. This is truly living.
Thank you all for the birthday wishes!
Their is a difference between what you feel and what's real
NO CHURCH IN THE WILD BITCH
My dinner was a protein shake and pineapple.... where did all the food go wtf
Why do I have so many issues
AAADJAKDKAJDKAKDKAKAKA QND EU CER O MUGSHOT DO JUSTIN EU VO MORRE
ta ta sai daqui to no whats pa 98199535 falou
My family is the best.
Cream cheese and peanut butter were two of gods greatest creations
Disrespectful at its finest
That would be so dope if came to Albany
More insecurities .. The more your options are broaden
I only honestly wanna be with you.
Thought couldn't get any more dope when I heard Lost In Translation years ago and he's proved me wrong ever since
Sultan of Brunei can now being Sharia Law to Beverley Hills Hotel. Thx SCOTUS
I always wonder what's wrong with me
\"What's the difference between a woman and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it\" -my little brother everyone
Hope I orient will someone half decent !
id like to thank my old hoes for responding to my kiks and coming through the crib . i feel good again
no way or no way at all
add me on snapchat friends
I want this class to end and it hasn't even started...
does somebody wanna do me a huge favor and pick me up from the itc mcdonalds for gas money hey
okay let's get to the awards, he talks too much
I say to the driver, \"let's go.\" We take off.
Hate have nothing to do all day .. Like I could be making money right now
Had a dream I went to walk the track so now I wake up and go walk the track
mira no yA va yo tngo q comer xq m va a dar alguito
Do you feel like you'll come back around?
Say it aint so. I will not go
Let's go SPURS!!!!!!!
Probably the funnest thing I've done all summer so far.
Music. It's exactly what I needed.
Thank you for the free high, you da nigga!
I hope you get mono you little shit
I wish my sister was home, so I can put her on this new album.
Sometimes being selfish is the right thing to do
mum ijust want gisele the cat and ill never bother you again
The crazy thing about is I have fun in the cuse but at home it's a different story
Nah that kid is trouble
I thought the film, Don Jon, started kinda terribly... but then... it got great. Not bad, Levitt. Not bad.
what you want what you need serve yo ass like a waiter
I don't even know what's real, I'm just bein' real.
Your all beautiful don't let anyone tell you different even the ugly ones
YEESSS GOOAAALL THAT WAS LESSS THAN A MINUTE AND A MIRACLE YEESSS &lt;3 USA
Ecouter un swagg man dans les rues de new york ca n'a pas de prix ! :p
Would it be weird if I had purple hair for senior pics ?
Just when you think about giving lebron's a chance
THATS ONE BABY THATS ONE!!!!
Something about a guy horking on the street between his hallelujahs doesn't scream the word of The Lord.
Happy Independence Day! \n\ngoing to trader joe's
Man, this was a long ass bus ride... Glad to be back in the city.
Independence Day, the movie, is so bad, if you disagree it's because you haven't seen it since it came out.
y is my gym on the other side of town
Tiny piggy ass .. Fuck outta here
Mind you, I got on that ride like three times.
I stay up late talking to people knowing dang well I have to get up early while y'all sleep in .
Guibert's Mausoleum of Lovers. I tread carefully.
my dad and I have a special bond, he takes me to the movies and buys me toys and GoT merchandise and I smile and giggle like a child Win-win
I had enough trouble coming to terms with 's existence, now a debut ? I
I told them I'll be back around June but they got to wait for December
We now know who the slut of the band is aka Ashton
Ill leave my door open all night, in case you decide you want to stop on by
always terrified when I open my MacBook lid and nothing happens
The only thing Ronaldo is gonna do is get even more injured. Portugal shouldn't risk that.
Hey I think we just crashed a really douchey birthday party.
Why is she even famous?
Too much slang to keep up with
I feel like nothing's gonna happen
When there's no one to talk too talk to yourself. In the words of Bubbles; \"there's nothing wrong with talking to yourself\"
DEMPSEY SCORES THE FIRST SECONDS OF THE GAME!
Theirs times where it's cool to joke around with people but then theirs not so think twice before U say something stupid or it will backfire
Fuck Its 4 am and my prom is tomorrow must sleep now damnit
Of course when I get ready to watch the World Cup game, I lose signal
i don't even have the heart to tell the coffee shop that we're moving and i won't be coming in everyday
Ambros &amp; not winners as I feel they still have their own story to tell. Go
GETTING MY NOSE PIERCED THURSDAY YEEEEEEEEEEESSSSZZ
jack swagger 3-21 and kofi Kingston 13-25 each trying to end their losing streaks
I don't wanna drive home in this storm
the highest highs and the lowest lows
Just can't say enough about Gregg Popovich. Best coach in the game and it's not close.
USA let's goo
Been single for umpteen years incase niggas forgot.
magcon is my bae yaaa magcon is my day yaaa
theres like three ppl that i can never stay mad at lol
the day im leaving nyc for Europe decides he wants to show up. i hate my luck I really do .
Dad, just cause i check my phone doesn't mean i'm talking to someone.. no one ever texts me anyways. Lmao
Jerseys are fire doe. US's are boring
Oops I don't own a 4th of July outfit looks like I can't be basic
All this cooking is making me hungry
Guys don't forget Donovan still has more goals than Messi
I think bae fell asleep o k
My fave July 4 factoid: Thomas Jefferson and John Adams both died on July 4, 1826. Bitter political rivals but best friends in retirement.
Louis and I are pros at photobombing old peoples selfies
lmao nah me and britt cute or whatever.
I watched Breaking Bad pm alone and I had no one to talk about it with now I'm like trying to start Orange is the new black but UGHHJ
Me gusta batallar...no me gusta lo facil.
these kids are bad for business
NH: I'll trade you my moldy sandwich for your almost stale pretzels.\n\nLAA: Deal\n\n
I totally went off on him
Who won the nba anyone?
When someone says they care and genuinely mean it, it's the best feeling
I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand...
\"They should do casting for orange is the new black, here\"- aunt Bobbi
You just made all of us incoming freshmen look bad.
It's gay pride today. Everyone who has came in is gay. I swept feathers off the floor
Never in a million years - did I think I'd be living in New York.. Its been over a year now since i first came to this city.
We were never meant to be.. Baby it just happened..
I always had a thing for keyshia Cole.
If you in the box and the opponent had the ball you can not step on his foot so he can't move and you def cant take out his legs, those are
Maybe it'd be more fun if I bet
My god the farmer is to die for. If Andi doesn't choose him she's cray cray..
i express my thots on tumblr
I don't like you
\"booty dumb, booty dumb, yeah that ass special\" -Gandhi
GOES AROUND COMES AROUND ! RT : Judge who sentenced Saddam Hussein to death 'is captured and executed by ISIS'
Too bad your boyfriend goes around hooking up w other girls every other day. Oops I said it.
Zoe barnes and fred underwood's relationship is REALLY disgusting
Spurs def deserve this chip more than anybody
i sent a snap chat to like 10 ppl just now &amp; not 1 person opened it yet -_-
And all this time, the fanfic writers were worried about Martin moving!
There's so much I want to say to you
If one more bad thing happens this summer I'm gonna lose my shit honestly \nThis is ridiculous
Ive been called lots of but today's from the sweet elderly lady on my job ranks pretty high among 1sts
What the hell is Beasley doing... You can't show Nani
Omg is everyone on the US team gonna end up in the hospital by the end of this match
I dislike the human race ..... like alot
you so slick, so small, curvy.
Late night, but great fun with great friends
Last night was too real! Haven't drank like that in month sheesh never again with light an dark drinks lol hangover killing me *-*
I just wanna talk to bae
I could never understand what lil be saying
The highlight of being in Albany so far is wearing these cat ears if that tells u something
Great few days of writing, rewarding myself with four new
One I saw that run from him I was like yeah he's scoring
Forget this morning-was rooting on and now
Now all glory to God, who is able, thru his mighty power at work within us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think Eph3:20
You are so confusing that I just can't take it anymore!
And they're coming to the city!!!! Thank u baby jesus
I've said it once! I've said it twice! I've said it a thousand fucking times!!
Just want 1 day where my dad doesn't take the boat keys to work on accident
I got cash number im deadass boutta call him
Yall niggas is dogs sticking your dick into every bitch
Good to see that Tywin Lanister shares the same struggles as all other dads ... Not a moments privacy. Not even in the bathroom.
I am the happiest camper in the whole damn world.
This Greece team is so shit I don't want to see them in the next round
I know he messed up. But let a real nigga make it right.
Would be nice to have Landon right about now
You'll probably find somebody else but you'll never find another
And again I'm just so fuckin irritated.
Wow you guys were right. Ronaldo is so good
If you can't handle the sass, you can't handle the ass.
Whoever favorites Isaiah's tweet will no longer be considered my friend lol
I break things. That's who I am.
I want a massive pile of pancakes
Strictly private sessions on Spotify. '
If you see a shirtless Asian dude in green shorts there's a 100% chance it's me
I know the did not try to slide that commercial like that
How many ratchets come out to smithspoint beach after 5:00? ....the limit does not exist
JERMAINE JONES HOW U FEEEEEELIN
My mom told my bro since you started working out your body is starting to turn into a man now, *looks at me* and says like clarissas
Lake and arm manage to get chocolate on their legs and arms
Oh so pumped to spend my 4th in Wally World!! Yesterday was amazing though so whatever can't complain.
love me like Stiles loves his jeep
only on season 1 of game of thrones
This game is seriously WTF on a number of levels.
I wonder if the pizza place is still open... And if they deliver this late...
Yeah making an exception to the no one younger than me rule
Too bad the party ran short, but thanks for the party guys!!! I had fun!! ^Bud
Run to the train, and then as u enter it slow down completely, so that people behind you won't make it.
greek dude who missed the pk must feel like shit
ROMERO WTF WAS THAT
