I'm more of an Digital Art Dealer
We got charged for \"dirty stove\" lol ha what? Did they check the right apt that I lived in?
I do not discriminate I further the discussion of ignorance.
My mom laughs at my stupid made up songs. She caused me to think I'm funny, blame her
Shoutout to Pels for actually recommending something good
She told me I was different
I got kicked off my bed, I'm so fucking mad.
Ok ok bump card has just been filled
Smiles all damn day bc of you wtf
Fuck this ump bad calls all day
When you watch soccer you have to watch it in Spanish. It's much more entertaining.
I have such a strong connection with the song Amnesia by
I really do want to go to a music festival. A grassroots one. Totally natural.
swollen foot and cramped up legs \n\noh lawd
Great game as
Just watched a family of geese waddle into the lake!
Way to go America!!!
Ever feel like u just want to disappear
I can't stop playing remix of track samurai!!!!! It's fucking amazing
I don't know if it's just me but I find soccer so boring
At least his hair still looks glorious.
Niggaas is starvin
GOD is truly fully wholly amazing.. I can't pit it into words
I'm so completely done with all of it
I've known, I know &amp; I am ready to find out even more.
I don't need your trust, I don't need this shit
spending all day at training &lt; jumping off a cliff
Hoping the 48 scratches out a win this weekend ...Maybe ;))
Punching myself for not bringing my camera
EVERYBODY TAKE 5 MIN. AND PRAY FOR NAVAS OKAY THANK YOU
Real cool...Its on sigh for JT
got my bad baby\nby my heavenly side
Rep Horsford I mean HorsASS.. You are in denial. When are you up for re-election? Hope you people speak loud and clear. Bye bye!
I hate country girls who all about how much they're in love with black guys. No you don't, you're just rebelling against ya family.
I'm just a hopeless romantic with a dirty mind...
Life is a tapestry: We are the warp; angels, the weft; God, the weaver. Only the Weaver gets to see the whole design.
U figure after MadBum gem &amp; a MadBum blast the game was in the bag...
what the fuck is up with my moms delaying me for a phone bruh
And im holdin on for dear life wont look down wont open my eyes
.\n\nUno deja severos manes por unos bobos hijueputas.
Update we made it home
Its getting to the point where I have to force myself to go to sleep
\"Well, if this is it, old boy, I hope you don't mind if I go out speaking the King's.\"
keep it up Spurs
After everything I can at least say I learned something.
Kyle has been used \nConfront that dude's ass! \n\nShe wants answers over a candlelight dinner?!
I was wondering when Van Helsing would pop up.
It's about time they make Jack a hero ...
I need to become friends with .
Cuenta la leyenda, que cuando el orgullo cayo fuero felices para siempre.
Soooooo many hot guys at the giants game
I have too much lol
.was it ZooKeeper's fault?
not knowing how to surf makes me feel like a fake Californian
Why is so much of the technology coming out now designed to make us lazier and not make the world a better place ?
Fuck lifeee shit ain't happen we all end up in a hole jst a matter of when
Hate when ppl @ me and don't say anything back like bitch thn why did u @ me
Did the sixers win the Stanley cup?
You think you know music but you only listen to rap LOL sike
If you ain't on a boat I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems, being on a boat ain't one
Mysteriously truncated to 30 seconds in length. Hard to ascribe to GSM.
I forgot seven lions dropped galaleio I think thats how its spelt
I just want to be in cabo already
I love fairport people aka Gigi and my other girls
I don't post selfies. I post masterpieces.
Make a tv show out of my last tweet
Ugh ..is it any good? RT : they have breakfast
Today is just a shitty fucking day
This is the Royals the last 28 years in a shell during this game. Unreal
They're chilled when they say bullshit. Smh
If I went to bishop Kelly I'd be dead before I walked up to it.
If I was a nigga I couldn't be with a bitch that pop pills. That's so unattractive , period.
Paint splattered teardrops on my shirt,\nTold you I'd let them go
Hope they tie and Portugal wins or draws
I like seeing what money is wasted on.
Can't wait until I start my new job and new store
this the moment I wait for alllllll day *sparks blunt*
Signal problems at 36 St (Bklyn):\nS\/b &amp; delayed.\nS\/b via local from 36 St (Bklyn) to 59 St (Bklyn).\nAllow additional travel time.
44$ you're a stud but gay for not hanging out with me this summer
I believe that infants should be considered fetuses until 3 months after their DOB. Technically we're all out age minus 3 months
Oh good, my cat just puked.
I love America so much but I don't think I could cope with this diet 24\/7
someone come fill in in bo2 money 8s were up 5-1 first map
My phone gonna get water damage from this rain
Tssf is my fave live band on warped but I'm 2 tired
I'm about to go to sleep
Did you knee Rutherford and that's why you got traded?
better watch who u say shit to
Y'all kill me with this Aaliyah bio pic!!!! If somebody can play Jesus Christ, somebody can play Aaliyah...like cut da shit!
If u think someone (me) is cute you should tell them (me)
By accident my whole outfit is Taylor's including my hair tie and shoes lol
Last 4 pics on Instagram have been with jack.
Don't bring me into your stupid little games with him
And shes using sitrep pro jk i dont love her.
OMFG let's go
You got me thinkin bout the things that you do, you got me thinkin bout the things that you do to me
Nothins Impossible And All You Lame Niggaz Show Me What Not To Do!!
We no longer do . It's now the buffer day. We see know one &amp; gird our looks for the week ahead.
\": So sad you can't trust anyone now a days\"
Someone wanna bring me ice cream?
Niggas on twitter think they're famous but got cousins at parties they still can't remember their names
Ashley from LHHATL fine as hell with a fat ass. The end.
'Merica, Fuck Yeah!
Funny the things you thought you'd never miss in a world gone crazy as this
Happy Fourth of July but isn't really Independence Day
I hope are listening. This is the future of gaming, up at 3am ready to purchase digitally.
YEEEEEESSSSSSS! GO AMERICA!!!!!
Some soccer people:\n\"OH MY GOD I BROKE MY LEG\"\n30 seconds later\n\"Nvm I'm fine guys\"
My head spinning and idk wtf to do
\"Is your face in it?\" \"No but your asshole is\"
My work clothes are not cutting it with this sunburn
I'm so happy lately for no reason, it's disgusting. Someone needs to punch me. I'm turning into someone I hate. I used to have better jokes.
After class tomorrow ima go home and KTFO
Van tapped already guys .. she lucky its a school night ..
I'm so tired. I want sleep. But I must finish my homework!! Ugh.
Anyone wanna come to Ny and hangout tomorrow?
The chicken lollipop is mother nature's corn dog.
Your stance on open toed shoes on public trans? Almost had my toes squished by careless gent
I don't feel like getting out of my car.....fuck.
So I'm at my Aunt's place for Father's Day with my pops and it seems like being old seems to have its perks.
i am so done with yOU AND ALL OF YOUR BULLSHIT :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
Face down , ass up that's the way you like to fuck.
Isiah is so sweet like why can't all guys be like him ?!
What happened near Mel's dinner near Stannon and Geary?
This weekend has been too much for me and I require sleep
Hope everyone made it home safely lastnight
IM gonna drive somewhere far for no reason just because I'm so bored
Eff your couch
\"Hi, welcome to Subway\"\n\"Good, how are you\"\n.....
Lol f u Ronaldo
Ok stop sucking him
Ok, this host is now at a $200\/night resort in Roatan. Good move, gurl.
even if he wife you, he can't change you
What's up with all these pks?
Hot date with netfliz tonight
A went from rages to riches!
only the third one wack. RT : Encore: Dookie Relapse: Trash Recovery: Wack MMLP2: Basura
Heat need them a PG .
But i love it. hoho &lt;3
\"Who knows maybe you'll find your fairy godmother!\" ahh the good old days
gonna use it in the hottest day.
Golasoo assoo asooooo!!!
I could never get married to keep it real
I have the final song from The Lizzie McGuire movie stuck in my head &amp; I'm using every bone in my body to keep me from breaking out in song.
BLOOD SUGAR SEX MAGIK
This might sound stupid,but I'm starting to suck at writing spanish.
Least im not the one to complain
Guess what time it is?! (SVU time)
Havnt moved the couch since 10 in the morning lol
Why do people go to sleep so early
I'm unreliable because I got two jobs ? Smd ma
I was on YouTube yesterday and I came across this song \"Triple Threat\" by Anilyst. One of the greatest songs I've ever heard in my life
Jon Snow may be boring but girl he is FINE AS FUCK.
Like I said before. Ain't nothing better than New York thots
Whenever I ask for Netflix recommendations all I get is OITNB or Gossip Girl
WHOEVER FOLLOWS ME BEFORE 11:30 WILL GET A FOLLOW BACK. HOPE YA GET A FOLLOW. SEE YA
Should of went to work the way today looking
what's the point of NOT have pizza for every meal...?
I cant get this homework done man.
FIRST WES NOW KEATON IM JUMPING OFF MY BALCONY
I feel no one is ever happy to see me.
\"I'm sorry this happened to you\"
I love waking up every day knowing I don't have school the next day
Holy Uncle Sam. JERMAINE JONES!!!
The boys seeing their mums after the show was adorable.
KSJC 260953Z AUTO 31007KT 10SM SCT015 OVC021 17\/15 A2996 RMK AO2 RAB0858E48 SLP146 P0001 T01720150
\"You're suppose to meet ppl at the gym or church\" oh ok thanks Donna
Shock the world
Bonding with my two favorite people in the whole world and rebecca
Don't sign up to be on a team if you're not going to commit to it. That was just an embarrassment.
To whom much is given much is tested.
CAUSE THIS IS THE TIMES OF OUR LIVEEESS
Don't even fucking talk to me if your song title doesn't have a parenthetical in Spanish.
Forget 22 or Transformers the movie to see this summer is
really ya fucking serious????! thats fucking rude
And Dempsey gets hit in the face
Plus I need to spend more time with them since I barely see them.
Why erika is sending me her snapchat stories i will never understand
at these Costa Rica and Greece can make their PKs unlike Brazil and Chile
Clean clothes never felt so good
Every Nicholas cage movie is a comedy to me.
Everybodu aint who theu say they are
Wait then diplo at the day beach club take a fuckin nap and go to major lazer for Sunday night swim you gotta fuckin kiddin me
I live in constant debt, to feel you invented
Gary Oldmans off his fuckin' rocker; talk about a neo-nazi in disguise.
.ENERGENCY! Pomegranate Acai shortage at Murray Hill location. Concerned customers came to us seeking help!
I just wanna hit the nae nae for the one time infront of hella people
last weekend in bako for like a month &amp; have no plans cool ((:
When your walking in the rain and the worst song in your phone comes on
Don't Chase People be You. Do Your Own Thing And Work Hard. Tha Right People Who Belong In Your Life Will Come To You and Stay.
Hopefully the Isles aren't cheap liberals this year and keep the 1st round on the big screen. I didn't come here to leave halfway through
And my Spanish speaker doesn't come in for 15 minutes so it's really awkward here
you can't compare beyonce and rihanna dumbasses
can someone be a guardian angel and gift me shawns song? Please? Broke asf
Sleep don't come easy to the kid ;
Greece played well but didn't make it\nBut that's none of my buisness,\nI'm Cypriot
I made it home without getting raped god bless
I never thought that someone I have only known a short time could have this big of an impact on my life
best popsicle flavors in descending order: \nRed\nend of list
Brantley Hilbert Just As I Am album was too good..soo glad I downloaded it..
To turn up or to read a book is the question
&amp;, one day I'm going to be tatted up .
Lettuce pray that justin doesnt go to practice
oh nina you should go nina
I'm dying my hair in like two days damn hell yes
Mann I just wanna sleep. I hate being with no one to talk to
Amazing USA goal
why are tooth gaps glamorized you look disgusting idc if you're a model
I'm still upset that San Francisco is not getting the Star Wars Museum, fuck Chicago.
Your hearts against my chest, lips pressed in my neck, I'm falling for your eyes but they don't know me yet.
I got a random package this morning and it was a Tshirt folding board literally the best thing ever
Time to unleash my inner superstar!
I really want a 2003 3 series
The sun is rising on a new horizon of quality from in the West to in the East. &amp;quality
There's a difference between a hallucination and a vision
I hate that jordan goes to sleep and leaves me up by myself. stupid
I'm split between 3 different jobs
I wish you were my first love
I don't understand what was so horrible about Ashton's purple shirt lol
Lana. Del. Rey. All of her music, I relate to.
Kid ink and mgk are the shit
Stroke rating at a 48 towards my Dm's
\": Heat continue active move up in the draft to select Shabazz Napier. Mia willing to trade 2 1st round picks.\"
A las 10:30 u 11 estudio :3
pa no se donde esta bo
I don't know how he does it, online courses are so tedious
Vamos COSTA RICA SI SE PUDO
Uh-oh...Katz's got nothing on Langers, dude.
I need to buy more clothes
Wanted to sleep in so bad, but I'm up. hand me more .
Haha. Ima be like .. yup you're guilty !
If you don't like chocolate we can't be friends and I don't trust you
Some people say I have a double chin. Idk what they're talking about, I mean, my chin has a friend..
YOU'RE TELLING ME HAVING A HEART IS THE WAY TO A MANS HEART,
Girls are sneaky af too. I'm not defending in any way
Happpy birthday bockkkk have a awesome day at work.
Sometimes i dont get a chance to tell you...
I Said When The Table Turn Alot Of Niggas Aint In The Same Chair
In a perfect world, I would work as an intern on the set; &amp;&amp; skateboard with &amp;&amp; during down time lolz
Fuck it I want pizza so I'm going to btown nice n sleezy
There's no worse feeling than seeing your girlfriend cry.
My new hair color was hot on the first day but now its ugly af and it makes me depressed sighhh
Don't got anymore tears to cry
Hay algunos pendejos!!! sera que no comen ,no van al mercado, cada dia todo sube, y eso es lo que nuestro tiene que atacar!!!
also cause i cant forget about my other boo who used to be my luvr 4 lyfe
Lil' bitch don't text me back I see how it is
Way to early to be this humid. Beautiful day ahead as the USA will advance.
QUICKEST GOAL! GOOOL!
Whore stole my man \": I didn't know shump was wit teyana taylor.\"
CLINT DEMPSEY BAYBEE
as if the Instagram shit wasnt enough :\/\/\/
Bang bang. My boy
It's bout to be 90 degrees today so I'm up at 7am getting my life in order.
Bring Montero back up and send down Wheeler. He's been nothing but awful for the first three months of the season.
My ex young joint been giving me the stare of death \n\nGo buy your Jays
Need to get tickets for the drizzy and Wayne concert man!!!
Just got home and the lights were out and no ones here...but the cars are..\n\n
Engine without water, it would rep and rep and then it would get hot and it would stop.
Every time I try singing to melani she yells \"no\" at me .-.
You have a kid now. Grow up, bitch.
I actually had the fucking balls to message her and tell her I have nothing against her.... Hope this goes well
I been in twitter jail for minute
I've never met more inconsiderate people.. Knowing we're closing and allowing their child to throw food all over the floor
12\/28\/10 plinko Harry Hood because it's FRIIIIIIIIIDAY!
I let my anger out once and it ruined everything
That's some Mudcats baseball
Every 4th of July I look forward to Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Competition
If only I can grow a couple more inches
a last retweet proves gokus a true savage bruh
Beasley out here playing for a new contract.
US jerseys are amazing
Yeah I gotta be out this house by 3 or something before I get kicked out for cursing everyone out
\": TACOS FOR BREAKFAST TACOS FOR LUNCH AND TACOS FOR DINNER\" LIFE lol
\"I think I'd miss you even if we never met.\"
AAHHHHHHHH!!!!!! USA USA USA USA!!!!!
I hope the bae is having fun at prommiee :)
Then I got woken up. Thx.
Smh thats crazy lmao
Just waiting for the curse out
B.O.B is second person to mention the Lionel Richie tribute.
\"You know what a drag queen is without her luggage? A man.\" -
Holy moly cannoli! Thank you Dempsey!
I'm being sent to Long Island today by work, but I'm being sent by car. Feeling fancy.
Love has no limit sometimes you have to do what even if you don't want too
Has 's John Eastman already appeared on 's show, ? Lots of Twitter chat about a new hairdo, but none on NOM.
Somebody get me an autodialer. I want to call every in the country and ask if they carry birth control.
theres actually warrior fans saying they dont want lebron on the team... ???
found a drunk text I sent a few nights ago and whooo boy am I just a big ol' pile of garbage or what
Idk what's worse, not catching me when I fall or dropping me after you caught me..
life's not complicated..we just make it that way
vs. epic match up on
Just realized this whole bad mood thing is because we had no eggs in the house when I got home.....
\"They're talking about your boyfriend. Something about his underwear...\" My dad on Neymar being mentioned on the radio
That's so ironic yes I love tumblr finds
I re when stephanie was a scared little girl when the kidnapped her
So emotional right now! What a game!
You know you're a \"Manhattan girl\" when you go to the Bronx and people stop you and ask if you're lost.
asked like 8 ppl to take me to bobo drinks &amp; the person who did was my mom
I'm trying to play Runescape but this bitch keeps blowing up my phone.
i got a lil some some on both ends so i'm not even trippin
\"I'm going to be somebody\" -girl who's working at I hop. =me in a few years
Gossip girl loves mgmt
I'm going to make it home in time for . Go !! Also, happy Independence Day!
30 MORE MINUTES SEASON 4 OMG OMG
Briana is so lucky to have nick hes fuckinng hot
Some people are too funny these days
You shouldn't call ppl rude names if you don't know how to spell them.
Connecticut Muffin on 7th Ave
Idc how stupid the shin sock looks it helps so much!
This women was just almost hit by a car because she was looking at her phone and crossed on a red please do not text and cross streets!!!
5 things i love \ntom\nmarvel \nmy friends\npeaches\ncacti
\"Live life to the fullest. Everyone dies. You should quote me on that.\"\n-
Just saw the baddest bitch ever,GOD BLESS AMERICA
Sad leaving camp but I'm excited to be on my way to michigan tonight!
called my uncle half hour ago too come get me nd he still not here when he lives 10 min away
Amor Yo Quiero - Loko Kuerdo
Currently getting rid of nail polish that's been in the fridge for at least 15 years
There's no one to call cause I'm just playing games with them all
Wtf kinda kick was that
before Summer ends I want a tongue piercing so I could improve the box eating , Also I would like to pierce my industrial.
I love the Bay Area weather omfg
Fuck you for making me feel this way
It hit two cars and a lamp post before coming to a stop and the driver is still breathing.\n\nIncredible.
Guess ill shower &amp; hopefullyy find plans for tonight
Mrs. HHH getting Layla, Alicia &amp; Rosa to hunt &amp; Attack Vicki \n
There are seven bodies of the\nhuman structure, and they are-\nPhysical\/ Causal \nEtheric\/ Buddhic\nAstral\/ Atmic\nMental
Congratulations to someone who has been a mentor to me over the past year, and showed me what passion is for marketing
Let me get yo ass alone and let me make you say me name, say my name
Waste of money of the year
Is it possible that found a way to not have to pay for something and fucking over lady parts is just icing on the cake?
Only took us 2 tries to get on the right Metro...
I know I'm months late but I can't get enough of frozen
She was like, \"oh my god, this is my song\"
My cousin told me to put hashtags on my pics on IG. Then I go on other peoples pages and they hashtag the shit out of their pics
And I was clean and serene until I read that &amp; may cause WWIII. First half of October - UK here I come!
Knew that was coming
se pega a mi cuerpo sin demora.
My moms jamming out to wiz right now and I love it
YES! podcast is up!
right when I need someone, no ones there anymore.
So that MicroKorg Under The Hood event was awesome! I'm honestly way more excited to do sound design on my MK than ever before!
Having a feeling without having a feeling is the most confusing concept to understand what you are feeling at that time
You can't hate on someone doin better than you
Back to Milwaukee I go... Bitter sweet forsure!
Damn that steve mcNair article got me all emotional, thats was a solid qb
Mi icon se parte de perfecto.
i'll be back for the show
Everything about you makes me fucking sick to my stomach.
I'll make it to the moon if I have to crawl
Fuck whoever hatin on it nigga
My mom just said 'let's take a pic for Facebook' \n I'm clocking out now.
My last rt made me tear up alittle
I was going to go to sleep but I gotta watch it now haha
Can't wait to be reunited with my sisters and mack
Kai damico is in my squad too just to let yall know
What kind of sick fuck willingly eats pickles
Since when do cops use taxi cabs to pull over cars
It's still really weird to me when doesn't come out with and .
That girl crying on colossus like it was the end of the world made my entire day
Miranda's wearing wedges and I'm still taller than her
The hardest thing to face in life is being distant rather from family or friends. .that shit sucks :\\
Come downstairs and turn on the tv to the beginning of the walking dead marathon YAAASSSS
When I'm bored I just decide to punk my lil cousin aha
Aaaaaand Chinese food has officially been ordered... Loving my lazy fat Sunday
Wonder what it feels like to feel wanted
I put up a picture last night saying \"i love asian\" ????
Who eats all the Oreos and just leave one left ??
I CANT EVEN RN
And everyone sayin im the man.... So true
I'm sitting sideways at a Chinese buffet
- She's so fuckn tall to be only like 16 17
Closed out June w\/115 miles more on these legsbof mine. Always wish I'd done more, but grateful I can do it. Some folks aren't as lucky.
Americans all of the sudden give a shit about soccer and I'm over here listening to Cher
i wanna be back in north carolina nude tanning on the roof
Don't apologize for something you plan on doing again
And she made you better than you'd been before, She told you bad things you wished you could change in the lazy summer
If you wit it then im wit it
For real this cat bouta die
I remember when Isaac refused to get a twitter
Spending all my days on the east side
The conductor just stared at amara yet said nothing as i sat there laughing
Lets gooo USA USA USA
Up With My Mom Talking About The Future.....
Tired of it
What we think, we become.
No si ahora todos madrugan y dios los ayuda. \nArrechos.
I want to learn how to wind surf.
Week 1 in the books
Yung leans coming to NY whos tryna take me!!
Yo Nicky just made me really jealous
Ima have 6 tattoos in total. I have only 3 right now
In retrospect the princess bride is an extremely weird movie
Woo-hoo! Go USA!!
But in all seriousness, this whole growing up thing has to slow down
Izzie has proclaimed pea shoots her \"favorite green vegetable except for broccoli\".
I try to do nice things for people and I just get shit on I'm done
There's a purge 2. Do we see this one too?
Cristiano Renaldo cam sauce my bawls
starting to read \"The Leftovers\" tonight, heard it was good also I want to watch the TV show and discuss with people about both.
Ugh! My ginger, Ed Sheeran, was at the Today plaza performing. Whyyyyyyy did I miss this? Pressed right now!
sooo what team does LeBron head to this summer?
But first, fuck work bro !
I could give less shits than a constipated kid.
I'll never forget opening my P.E locker and all kinds of porn magazines start falling out , all thanks to
I needa get out of my house
I want some extra this time fuck it ..
Baby I love when you lie
Alex vause from orange is the new black makes me physically and emotionally unstable
That's pissed me off
Never let someone with bad eyebrows tell you how to live your life
I might be getting older but I'm never growing up.
Marginals for my lil bro, 90 average got him two pairs of designer sneakers. All a 90 average ever got me was a saving from a whoop ass.
Somethin to do when it's nothing to do .
I need a dyckman trip see some hoops
Damn nigga been on lock down for minute trying to send something
15. What is something you dislike about yourself?
Father like Walter White. \nMother like Nancy Botwin. \nCousin like Dexter Morgan. \nUncle like Don Draper. \nFamily friend like Rick.
The amount of bandwagon team USA soccer fans is growing by the minute
Busta rhymes should just turn into a reggae artist he looks like one
Last episode of is hilarious, John Oliver is in the zone
Watching teen wolf will make my night better
You know what really grinds my gears? Dude in a Maserati going 25 in a 40
Your gonna Miss every shot you dont take
hey Jim, Pam shut you down, Rashida Jones was always there for you. I'm still bitter about this.
\": probably\" wait for me cus ima be in NY at like 12
y al ver nuestra casa tan sola y calladaa' no se lo que haria.
Who the fuck comes in and eats at 9:00 at night with a table of six
It sounds weird hearing other people around me talk Norwegian.
my mind wanders and thinks about food every 10 minutes.
Mujeres que hacen que te exitan con solo mirarte... magia Negra...
\"Do you have anything other than one hundred dollar bills?\" Is that a rhetorical question?
Why am I Chevys header, I feel delighted
What the heck is a thot?!
The car is making fun of me because I haven't talked to a girl in six months
me mikey and joe have been playing minecraft for like 5 hours
Congrats to the seniors at NCS
I am so jealous of everyone that got to grow up in an unbroken family
Lmao I know she misses me.
Hol' Up! Texas!
Some nights don't go the way you plan
no one besides knows how much meeting Jacob means to me
Im at the point of the week where my brain stops working
What's going on? I go silent a week, the get on some Ws &amp; it's instead of ??? I feel lost in the twitterverse!
Act your age in the age of worry
You will rest your head, your strength once saving. And when you wake you will fly away, holding tight to the legs of all your angels.
Listen to this song \n-No \n-why? \n-Because you'll leave, and I'll remember you whenever I listen to it. So why would I ruin the song?
I Haven Got Butt Naked Nasty in Dumbass long.
Sometimes I take a step back look at my actions and just think to myself. DAMN IM RLY GAY
It's time to get my nails done again.
All this pointless hype is just gonna make it even more disappointing if they lose.
I believe in hate at first sight......
When it comes to getting a seat on the bus I am a cutthroat bitch
You should have to pass some sort of test before being allowed access to social media.
PHOTOSHOP? WEIRD ANGLE? ASHTON WITH A WIG CUZ SHE WAS WEARING A FEDORA?
Everyone's team fill in your eyebrows now
I used to be scared of the moon
Right now my closest friend that I can say put so much effort is my rubia Samantha . Lucky to have a real friend by my side
He said don't you worry about these ugly females out here. I miss you. I think bout you. Keep to yourself.
If you've never been to a bar for a USA game during the World Cup...I highly recommend it!
I just wanna text someone interesting for once.
The only target that has ren pure is thankfully 1 mile from here. Woot woot !
Titanic is really keeping me from my workout. Can't. Stop. Watching.
LETS GOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! USAAAAA!!!!!!!
I hope Meshach Taylor comes back in 3 days as black gay Jesus.
Jump people and act hard you fucking faggots
perfection exists, it just varies by everyone's opinion
Class Messi, pure class
So excited for The Leftovers tonight!
really just wish time would slow down a little bit, I like life the way it is now
Hey lets all remember that I already made a storm tweet 8 minutes ago so I win
IS THE DUMBEST HASHTAG I'VE EVER SEEN HOW DISRESPECTFUL
Back in C A L I F O R N I A!!
\"Tell me, would you ever put on something very right and made of rubber? It may change your perceiving of things.\"
&amp; if the shoes fits WEAR that bitch.
remember when all the white girls wanted infinity tattoos lolz that lasted a minute
What do you need \/ want for me ?
I wish i had a reeeeally nice car
The heat beat a young OKC team, got lucky with a shot that god helped put in the basket with the spurs, and now getting spanked.
I feel like this season is going to be corny
Alejandro Bedoya has to be Colombian lol que nombre tan Colombiano
Yes you're in a relationship. We get it. Don't need to flaunt it all over social media
Staying up late talking to you is one of my favorite things to do
Senior year can wait.. I'll enjoy my time until then str8 pimpin
Its funny every time Andres likes my photo so does his \"sister\" every single time lol
This hot weather really makes you appreciate that cold winter sex you weren't all that into, huh?
I think I just found the man I want to spend the rest of my life with. Expect I'm too fucked. Wrong time and wrong place, as always
USA USA USA USA USA USA
\"I want a girl I can respect.\" Holy shit... That's a low blow.... Poor girl.
USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!!! Let's go!!!!
My sister feels the need to fix my car mirrors cause they ain't \"right.\" She just don't know how to use the damn car, stupid bitch.
I ate a bowl of nails for breakfast
Would move here in a heartbeat if given the chance
USA always has those intense comeback games, I love it.
Can a bagel nooot sound good to me right now? Just trying to be a skinny girl
but i actually hate txting can we just like read each others minds
I realised people started enjoying soccer over here . Hopefully USA passes that would raise number of fans :-)
lmao how you gonna post something about my fam &amp; delete it? if you think you hella funny leave up tf
My moms mentality clashes with mine. I can never be around her for too long.
It's been a long day without the
My traps really feeling some type of way rn.
As if I need another reason to hate Messi
Imagine if each individual looked for the opportunity to help others each day?
I need a shopping spree at American apparel ASAP
Mi star blue movie! The Thuggi Thuggi way cause mi live in JAMAICA not in HOLLYWOOD!
Thank you Wes Moore. Great response to the tough question.
When i am with you theirs no place I'd rather be
If you had to fight 4 your life and u had to choose 1 weapon which would u choose?\nA) Porcupine\nB) Swordfish\nC) Hoagie\nD) Exploding Lobster
Should I be offended that everyone thinks I only speak Spanish when I'm hanging around my uncle ?
SWARNA FINISH YOUR APPLE SAUCE I NEED TO GO FOR A WALK
So hungry but have nothing healthy to eat :\/
Game of Thrones is on. Good bye Twatter until I watch it.
Fcking understand how it feels to break ur nail while punching something.
Step up revolution makes me happy
Klose scores gold today, huge record.
Looking forward to a lunch meeting with on Thursday.
Ohhhhhh the pain....but I always come back for more
Did Dempsey come off??
\"I fuck wit models who model for vogue Italia, we both got bitches my bitches a different caliber \"
\": Never can find anything on Netflix\" Paid in Full
Why you lookin bitter I be lookin betterrr
No me lo perdere te escuchare a un que este muy.lejosss a un que este trabajando solo por ti y erick
Listening to all the old shit people forgot about brings back hella memories
It's Sunday!!!! Two for one at the north shore and a house reggae band allllllllll day. If you're not there, you're doing life wrong.
LEAVE ME ALONE SO I CAN CRY FUCKKK
1997 - your the only person whos dm'd me so far but you the homie youre squad and one of my real nigga hmu more fam!
I invest more time in him than other people
Anyone wanna come along on a rescue mission?
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh..........Less than 30 seconds fuckin in
Lmaooo last day of school. ...rundown season
I just wanna be at Warped Tour already
When I started driving my brother told me all the stop signs with white around them were optional... Every stop sign has white
my depression and anxiety is back
I'm ready to go back to bed
Hope he's okay
Good retention rate for a SME customers of SaaS company is 80% if you are selling to Enterprise it has to be 90%
I'm ready to go back to rutgers.
OH: \"We are not paying that much money to drive around in a car with a fart joke on it.\"
Wow did Ginobli just dunk on the Miami Heat team. And shoot a 3 Lmao monster!
Such a red card smh
Fat Dude Probably Tried To Talk To A Lightskinned Chick. Curve Game Too Strong Lol.
Tweet: bought some at Shop Rite, man I completely forgot how much I love this stuff.
white girls give me Becky
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!
She Thinking Falip, Im Thinking Chipotle, I Heard Bitches Commit Sins For Chipotle
Rt\": i hate when i try helping people then they treat me like shit...\"
I am in sync with the Universe. I thank God for every new day I'm allowed to see, for every sunrise, for every sunset, for every moon.
I posted a picture of my closet on pinterest and then someone repinned it as pinspiration for their \"lady cave.\" Ha!
And here comes the shattered glass!! \nnow that is letting out! \nLet out the pain!
I sound like an fucking idoit with a retainer on-.- wtf
Like a powerful drug I can't get enough of
I thrive in chaos.
My heart hurts. I keep trying to imagine this life without my Polly and it's not something I want to be a part of. I just want my dog back.
Cody's dad needs to take a cold shower
Portugal better throw on the diaper, they're in big trouble
Life throwing me all these curveballs but I'm gonna hit that home run eventually.
Most people walking in San Fran:oh look a ferrari! me:look a red epic on a movi
Nice ass goal !
The goalie was screened too. The US team must of watched the Stanley Cup Playoffs
Curse because I wake up late as hell not knowing its like almost 1pm and I'm still thinking its night time
approx once a month I have to have my mother explain our family tree bc confusing
Apparently my new bikini can't wait to show 'em out in pub.
Been up for 22 hours. Time for some sleep!
\": Madres, si no me quieres hablar, no lo hagas.\"\/\/ pq tan enojada amiga abrazos y besitos para ti
Carnegie Hill is a ghost town on July 4th weekend. No babies or traffic in sight
Really need to start saving peoples numbers because half of the time I have no idea who I'm texting
I'll move on baby just like you
Witner talks a lot for never winning anything either lol
That Sellout Seth Rollins Starting The Beat The Shit Out Of RVD \n
May I help u?
I saw things i thought I would never see
Wel supergrappig. Mensen kijken hier in de kroeg wel naar hun nationale team, maar weten niet wat buiten spel is.
Worst three nights of any given summer month: when I'm subjected to watching Michael Kay for Red Sox\/Yankees instead of
treat the present like it's a present
When in doubt throw that hair up in a pony tail.
Nice shot faggot!
Tayla is crying and she doesn't know why
But in actuality. I am. FML.
I've never felt so fucking invaded.
oddly my iPod keeps shuffling back to \"got to my head\" ... coincidence .... I think not!
I feel sorry for the ignorant people that gotta hate to fill the void in their meaningless life
Lol you said something you shouldn't have and now your freaking out about it
Is Fate Getting What You Deserve, Or Deserving What You Get???
\"Nature needs to fuck you over for being a dick\"
pourquoiiiiiiiiiiiii nash a mis \"Nash grier\" il pouvait pas laisser \"Nash\"
\"Are you gonna mail him a card for his birthday?\"
Or Twenty Eight deff the theme song of my entire life
Biggest pet peeve is when girls who know their skinny complain their fat shut up
ainda bem que a julia me ama muito p me aguentar 24 h
Just made myself a huge bowl of cereal
My win lose ratio poppin tho
NO I DON'T WANNA HELP YOU WITH YOUR PROBLEMS AT THIS HOUR
i cant keep doing this whole 4 hours of sleep every night
Follow my bro on IG!
Is attempting to play the drums really necessary at 11 o'clock at night?
Ese partido va 2-1 favor Bosnia
Say Man U got a joint?.. \nNo not on me..\nBe a lot cooler if u did ha ha
You know you should take it a day at a time.
250 new emojis coming in July....and yes the middle finger is one of them
No pasta in the house &amp; we opened a bottle of wine. I guess fresh zucchini from Farmer's Market a la tomatoes, garlic &amp; basil will do! Yum!
\": When im sleepy and we texting I really dont know what I be talkin bout\"
For the love of God please be okay
Atta boy team USA.
Clint Dempsey reaction bout to be a meme
Germany is playing France in the World Cup today. I can't think of anything that is less American.
body looking better than it did last month
Messi is the greatest footballer in history. Anyone who says otherwise is insane.
tenho cada liga ate de tatto agora kkkkkkk mt bom conhecer varias pessoas
I just miss you so much and it's not fair and I just wanna be with you right now and poop.
Always animal fur in my fucking eyeball
If you can link me to a working torrent for Photoshop for Mac, I'll love you forever
If I had a quarter for every time I said I was hungry... I would probably be a billionaire
When I ask someone to make a decision and they say they don't care, then I make the decision and they say no. OH NOW YOU HAVE AN OPINION?
Always traffic because people don't know how to drive
Who wants to do something tonight!?!
I NEED A CONNECT IN THE SOUTH RN
My snapchat story was from a movie chill
Mom get in the car it's hot
im stuck in a pickle..
Catch a body and a brick that's graduation
Where can i find a good boy bff ? Lmk cause im tired .
This chick is King Bumi's daughter? good lord
I wanna go to Canada this summer
When he was good he was very good and when he was bad he was horrid
LeBron had a nice first quarter for nothing
Just as doctors commit to do no harm, law enforcement \/ public safety officers should do nothing that makes people less safe.
I might be shy... but don't think i won't bite yo ass if you say something crazy to me
I don't know I just need a change of pace.
this is my first time seeing This Is The End omg this shit is soooo funny!
So the Y dosnt open today... I could of slept in before going to work.
You the girl I choose over 90%
I really wanna know what happened in Jelena's past to make her the way she is.
US are taking some hits out there.
some of these gifs crack me upppp
Fuckkkkk. My stomach and head are really hurting over half a bag of gummy bears.
We're very loving and very cautious about loving. We won't tell you it often, but we'll definitely show you it through out actions.
How is that only a single?
If Beasley wasn't a head case I feel he could be an All star
Soma skatepark is opening tomorrow n USA is playin shouts out
Man next to me on subway smells of weed and male scents. You do the math.
eating bannanas bc its the only thing that brings me joy
I don't see it getting better only worse.
These Ghana players are playing to hurt ppl lmao
LETS FUCKING GO!!!
Let's kick butt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go !!!!!!!!!!!!
Like im still trying to process this
Note to airline passengers: do not eat beef jerky on the plane. It stinks and invades my already small amount of personal air
I just don't understand the way some people think
USA 2-1 believe
Hella wanna turn my bedroom into an art studio.
if i didn't have nice hair i would definitely dread it
Waking up thinking its the next day when it's really the same day.
Crazy how Seth Rogen and James Franco started WWIII against North Korea
Shouldve just stayed in Mexico and never got phone service
putting death to rappers with a number 2 pencil,\nwhat i need glock for when my rhymes are a pistol?
nothing can prepare your for the excruciating pain of a broken heart.
amo mucho a fio , y no me importa lo que los demas digan, sos una kapa &lt;3 me diste 2 veces mg a mi comentario :D :')
Pete needs to get laid lol poor sap
Another sweet 16 at work ....happy July 4th ...26 hours ot and we only 4 days into the month !!
\"It's slap ass Friday\" - my 9 year old cousin
Hear fans stay making excuses yo. They never own up to a loss yo. Always something or somebody's fault.
The Costa Rican goalie should be a national hero lol
This week is going to be so strange
On the way to Albany for orientation tomorrow :)
Quick cruise in The Buck before I go home!!
Why care and dwell over someone who doesn't give two shits about you.
Finna tweet the definition of delusion bc it seems as though some of y'all forgot what it means.
Who? Jermaine Jones!
Dempsey is a tank
until next season
Nani is pissing me off
You can always tell a Quentin Tarantino movie
Ok, over it. Way to go Algeria amazing game! 123viva algerie!!!!!!
Twist off, sip a little, pass it around
Time to get up and get this moneyyyy
trying to leave &amp; listening to Johnny Jonny &amp; Ariel argue over who'll have a kid first.
but why do you keep bringing shit up from weeks ago lets move on ty:)
Oomf look bad in that pic
I need to get out of pacifica for at least one day
ANC bigwigs who now spout xenophobic garbage grew up alongside us in Trelawney Park &amp; elsewhere in SD.Now seniyaziqhenya.
Welcome to philly Bettman. World record booeing session?
gonna fuck up portugal today just as bad as germany did
the feeling to be home at last is a very positive one
90s themed Cold Case episodes are the best
But I am not capable of driving so pick me up... Yeah? Yeahhh
Need a dummy on mw3 reply with GT
Damnnnnn knew it thou but Greece played with heart
when I think of you, I don't feel so alone.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL Thirty Seconds!!!!
I'm talking my shit when Miami lose, if you a knick fan, I know you will do the same
I love dempsey !
I only have one person that doesn't follow me back and it's annoying
Miami is dumb
I'm going where the cold wind blows.
I'm horrible at texting back. Sorry.
So how bad does Joe Nathan have to be\/get before we pull the plug on this abomination of a closer? I hope not Valverde 2012 playoffs.....
Now it's time to let the world take notice
The fact that I just texted Hailey to wash my car and then realized I have my car with me. Urg my life
Why do the West kids use the EAST school for their graduation ceremony?\n
I've missed stiles remarks these past weeks
I'm actually crying ok
Shits not even sad yet &amp; i'm about to cry
The amount of times I've dropped my phone on my face tonight
Nothing makes me more mad then when my parents bitch at me for little things
Anyone want to give me a new immune system?
Hearing pops saying he's proud is tear jerking yo...
Draw me like one of your French girls.
Jonessssss yesssss. Foot fucking cannon
Mess I is majestic as fuck... And strangely reminds me of Rob Dyrdek
I'm just trying to get drunk &amp; light a firework or two truthfully 4-July
I can say some pretty gay shit lol but I just love pretty girls, nothing wrong with that.
Everyone was cutting up but her &amp; then she's gonna fuss at me for my \"tone of voice\" WOWZERS
\": I have to be high all the time to deal with the pain you gave me\"
Come on bosniaaaaaaaaa
Did Claudia Jordan's tit just come out
Excited to watch Panik from my couch tonight.
I Was Too Faded Last Night Lol
Freddy gibbs id that nigga tho
Does anyone know how long you're supposed to cook swordfish for?
Pretty sure Obama and I were eating Chipotle at the exact same time today.
Almost busted out dancing to Ella and Joe on the subway.
Congrats my dad would be proud.
I LOVE my belly piercing but sometimes it keeps me from doing certain things
Mad people at sylvan nice n easy right now
FB got hacked apparently. If u get shit it ain't nuthin.
Briana and I are getting solely into female hip hot artists who spit hard and local hard core bands THATS IT
Happy 238th Birthday America!
Ripping skin off your lip when you take a drag of a cigarette is legitimately the worst feeling ever
60s Bob Dylan is the best Bob Dylan
So much on my mind for no reason
HELLLL YEAH GOOD START USA
Why do u have to be so fuxking stubborn!
Yo delete my comment one more time punky ...
Jack Bauer just throwing people from buildings....poor lady stark
EVERY BODY THAT TRY TO DISCOURAGE YOU PUT THEM OUT.
Oh great here comes the moronic kings fans...too early for their shit
Good for you taller Christian Eriksen, get that one-on-one date. Andi's been totally Sherwooding him. &amp;
So many pretty girls out there with a bright future ahead of them but you guys still settle for the crackhead who's been with every guy. Smh
Either duba or need 1 for ghosts tl we 4-0 hannnnn
The goalkeepers are all amazing.
\"Pay to gain followers\"\nI think that I'm gonna write my tweets for free (4now), &amp;they'll B Retweeted\/Liked &amp;Read&amp;That's all I need from here
And the it is! USA!
Decide, Commit and Resolve! We got this &amp; yes we rock!
My next boyfriend is gonna come get a pedicure with me idgaf I'll drag his ass
Psh, if we not married &amp; we just bf &amp; gf ..you still ain't sleeping alone after sex
Sunday I have a shower to attend I seriously hate the people sooooo much don't wanna be there at all what's so ever at all!!! Sunday sucks
NEED PANERA MAC AND CHEESE NOW
Week still not going my way....just tried to start the BBQ and I burned my arms and part of my neck\/face... -.- gas leak fml.
Today is the day... MATILDA HERE WE COME ~ all 5 are way excited!!!
This couple at Applebee's just got here from prom ... Like why are u at Applebee's why aren't you on ur way to Blackingout
JJ from Criminal Minds is so gorgeous I am jelly
WITH THE SNIPE!!! LETS GOOOOOO!!! !!!
I reaaaallly need someone to give me a backrub.
America Fuck Yea
Lol do you think you're cool?
Come onnn USA let's goo
Useless stat of the match: the tallest referee at the World Cup is officiating the match
YALL ACTING LIKE YALL ARENT FAGGOTS WHO PUT THE MILK IN BEFORE THE CEREAL SO STFU
While common is talking I'm gonna take this time to say chris is zaaaaddy
Bitches be like I trust him but won't give him their Netflix password
Who is ? How do we know him?
be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle to find a philosophical quote that sounds better than usual inspirational fodder.
Looking through old pictures and missing everything
Fuckin right baby!!!!!!
Just got a mean ass taste of my own medicine.
there's always a parade, BBQ &amp; fireworks for the big anniversary!
Then I had a birthday dinner reservation courtesy of the bossman, a fancy dinner planned the day after, and a date with Derek the day after.
Wanna see him so bad, but nobody wants to take me ..
It's so weird when people say me and Dougie look alike , I honestly don't really see it
I dont see that happening tho
Hoping every USA chanting American uses this moment to continue watching the beautiful game all year, every year.
Snuck into a few fabulous sessions by today. Improve writing by workshopping one aspect every month (like quotes). Highlight lots.
I'm glad likes watching scary movies with me
I'm here in NY and got crap to do, miss South Florida...
wtf this man in greys anatomy has an ovary hahahahahah
Driving to exit 8 by myself in the rain should be fun
Of course theres traffic on the way home
Boutta make moves with the littlest sis to the Chinese joint.
The most annoying stuff ever man!
why are people following me though? it's just me complaining about how hungry i am and how i miss netflix.
I love it when you just don't care, I love it when you dance like their's nobody their..
Anybody got a good show I can watch on Netflix?
No one will ever understand what me and my girl go through
Land of the free home of brave. Happy 4th to all :)
And I'll be there when nobody is down for you
Oooh lemme holla
I bet not even gives a rats about the NHL draft
There's a lot of hot black chicks at this show.
Tbh I usually call people by their full first name
Michele be playing
This summer is going to be epic not even that one letter \n\n .
Use ? Update your app and try to swipe and hold on an email. BABYMAILS BE GONE
And there's a crying baby in the row behind us. fanfuckingtastic.
Muy bueno el app de Cuevana. No se me trabo y muy buena la calidad. Recomendado que la descarguen
Whatever. If you think constant shows and drugs and no legit job are acceptable, then I am scared for the future of this world.
3 hours of sleep but I got cuddled soooo
Not gonna even bothered getting worked up for fireworks
Smoked a power clean right off my shin. That's going to look\/feel pretty in the morning
it's 11:20 am stop with the damn fireworks i'm trying to eat breakfast
BECCA JUST WENT UP TO A COUPLE AND SAID HEY IF YOU WANT TO CUDDLE YOU CAN LIFT THE ARM CHAIR AND THEY SAID THANKS AND DID IT HAHAHA
I seen ya instagram but u look better in person
How do you live in NYC without a fan on the 19th floor?
Holy shit Clint Dempsey
Great goal so fast!!!!!
Trash goals foreverrrrr!!!! Weeee!
Really don't know why Kermit is getting all this attention now over twitter. Ain't easy being green my ass...
So..............now what am I gonna do today?
I don't understand how I get up every morning and get the bus to bergen
The only flaw, you are flawless. But I just can't wait for love to destroy us.
Femrat veres: 2 dasma, 6 fustana.\nDjemt: 6 dasma, 1 veshje.
It's official: is by far the place I've ever lived.
I think I look a little better WITH glasses then WITHOUT glasses\n
Damn, strong start for
how hard is it for a nigga to understand a girl
Wow Arthur ur a dick. You ruined Fourth of July
my best friends are here and I couldn't be happier
If you not watching Netflix on someone else account and u pay for it monthly...you not cool
Calling my river to let her know imma be on my way
Aku tak pernah berhenti mencintai kamu, hanya saja saat ini aku lelah dengan egomu :')
Vote For The Bae August Alsina
Falafel that BITCH!
Go buy a bottle, or go home lmao
I just ate Lechon at the Ritz.
School ended yesterday why do I have to be here
Hate when people think they know me tbh.
I NEED a Latina in my life bruh
I think its very hard for a guy to dress bad lol
61 degrees in central New York.. dafuq is this?
Ghana got that paint on today
Wish I could ride with my top down but my car just doesn't wanna do that
My reward for finishing this paper will be the beach tmrw
The love i have for that man son i need to go to his concert when ever he has one
Holy fucking shit\nI got paid $160 for cat sitting for 5 days\nHOLY SHIT
At the bar next to a civil war soldier and Kumar.
I want a fatass fudge chocolate cake rn .
Money and bitches... bitches and money.
People be sleepy at this time....
Devyn should of NOT been in the final
Sometimes when I'm mad at work I start to think about cute baby animals and I swear that shit helps
Hang with some real niggas, get laced up
This man is confidently smoking a pipe outside of Safeway
Hey , I'm watching Speed and between that, Newsroom and Dumb &amp; Dumber, you really are one of my favorites.
I hate going back to school after a relaxing weekend
if you don't have imessage I can't text ya until Sunday :\/\/::::::\/\/\/\/::\/
Rise and grind. Lol. Just kidding. I just woke up early.
.are you guys open for lunch tomorrow?
thank god for the safe flight.
I need a fucking black &amp; mild.
I wonder if Jack White gets royalties when fans chant Seven Nation Army
will this all be incredibly meaningless?
finally off work lol .
Jesus (slap to my forehead)
We're gonna lose tomorrow, but we're not gonna get smacked, and that's all we need to do to make it to the next round.
Just finished reading Cress and it ended so good!!!
I thru a fit at the game cos my mom wouldn't let my dad buy me beer. Like mom IM GROWING UP. Get over it. I CANT BE your baby forever. Lol
everyone in NYC has an Unknown Pleasures t-shirt at the ready
Stay Moderate And Don't Overrate Urself. If U Are No Longer Relevant, People Can Easily 4Get About U-\n
Uh, nah th you stay lagging on me and a that.
Really having a hard time deciding whether to drive home tonight
Piercing guy told me I can't go swimming for the next 8 months I told piercing guy to s my d because it's fuckin summer and I will swim
This weekend was incredible for such reasons
I really am happiest when im around trees, beaches, mountains and all that stuff.
Idk how Im feeling about this new sports center
People with one tattoo forever stay taking the same pose to show their ONE tattoo every time lol.
thank god I can mute people on here
\"All I need are my bitchez and my Mexican sauce.\"
Or it's probably wrong on this niggas phone cause nigga always calling hella early in the a.m fucking up my sleep!
wtf haaa my phone was on do not disturb since yesterday
Scott doesnt care about him getting hurt,
I Don't See Nothing Wrong With A Little Bump And Grinding!;)
yeah, I'm taking summer courses at Shasta. why is it so hard for people to understand that?
Just wanna take 10 shots of tequila and nap for a day or two is that too much to ask
Love when my Jew side talks about kosher food &amp; other Jew shit.
Cut some people off, Had no choice its what they made me do.
Serleny needs to come marry me lmao
Twitter makes me lol rn
One more test (with a neg curve and I hav no idea what I'm doing) this is going to be the longest 3 hours of my life
Joy abounds!!! Well said !! USA!
If I could just get myself to sleep...
have to sit outside on the ferry home. it's fucking cold out :(
Hey Im down here in SJ for a tournament and gonna be stayin in Millville for the next couple nights...any good places to eat??
I'm going to play tennis and go swimming with him tonight
Being ignored is my biggest source of anger but today is my favorite holiday of the year &amp; I'm not gonna let anything ruin it
Brian Wilson from the Dodgers is from portugal? ()
Man I'm really a fantastic investigator. Nothing gets past me
Thanks project safe grad for fucking me over with my shirt
i hate beimg drunk smh brielle
Ahah your come backs are not accurate so jokes on you ...
Incredible goal by Messi, but this is an undeserved lead. Scoreline doesn't reflect what's transpired.
LOL the prescription my mom needed me to get isn't ready until tmrw. SO HAPPY I just spent 20+ min standing in line for nothing
so how bout this chem regent tmrw
\": my clash of clans village getting fucked up\" omg I used to b addicted
YES a few more game and im on my way home!!!
.Lost his mechanics. Body was going much quicker than his arm because he wasn't keeping his weight back.
Some nights I can't stop thinking about existence and I'm actually an incredibly sentient creature. This is not one of those nights.
\"I'll follow you and make a heaven out of hell, and I'll die by your hand which I love so well\"
mundo sem azeiteiros :) , coordenadas ? .l.
I have no more hope left for Jersey City. I cannot believe this. RIP Chris
I been on dates where I spent 5 cash for pizza and shit was way better than when I went to a fucking 5 star restaurant
Hardware is the new Software \n\n
I'm a fucking soldier and a fighter don't mistake me for them other bitches
I have no fucking idea if my 5 pound weight gain is muscle or fat
Bike that man !!!
Label me what you like, I'm close to my victory.
\": whenever girls with relationship dates in their bio follow me the first thing i wanna say is \"block me.\"\" Ur on 1 tonight kid lol
Vanilla protein is so shitty no matter who makes it
Mr. Gurba better change my global final to a 93 bc I do not want that 88.5
There's no such thing as being low for me anymore. Everyone is calling me out. lol.
\"Pepsi is now made with real sugar!\" What the hell was it made with before?!
I think the problem I have with is that Aidens run animation looks dumb.
Appreciate Your Running Water, And Resources For Food, And Electricity.
How am I suppose to go a month without seeing my best friend
running farther than you ever have before &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Leaving at 8 at night tomorrow doe
Badlands and all it's fan girls have officially ruined the song Africa by toto for me
Jet, do know there are 3 things I particularly hate? Kids, animals, and women with attitude.
My taint feels like bubble wrap
San Fran is so photogenic like everywhere good for you that makes one of us
Bro. I want a sandwich now. :(
I love beck..... Fuckittt I love 90s muzak
USA! USA! Happy Fourth of July!
Im not sure if Vidal Nuno is doing good or the Red Sox just really fucking suck
Pks again. Lemme take your pks for you
Dempsey. 1-0 first minute. Let's goo USA. USA USA USA USA
I have the fakest work voice ever lolz
You never really know what someone is going through
I love NYC in the summer. So beautiful!
So pumped my upgrade will be when the iPhone 6 comes out
Just cause my mom doesn't work today she shouldn't be sleeping, she should be in the kitchen making that mangu
Fighting off my stomach flu rn, hmu ;)))
San Antonio set out for retribution this season
My heads filled with so many unanswered questions.
at the same time, if I ever had the chance to release a record on the label that introduced fad gadget to this world, well
Yay not going to school tomorrow
There is a certain pleasure in secretly watching Football while at work.even made a meme for us today
That's cool Dunkin Donuts it's summertime and your coolatta machine is broken
Why did LA Fitness just have a DJ playing
Looking at my bank statement.. I spent $120 at the bars within two days last week. Wtfffff no.
I'm giving dick out year 'round and you can get it annually.
Wish my friends could come over
I'm going to Bed, the Heat are done no need to keep watching
Holy mother of god
The sun is coming up time to tap
Oh Jozy. My heart breaks for you.
Atleast pacers could make the finals next year since the heat lose
The weekend starts on a wednesday for me
Fred rerun berry got some fly dance moves. But (dynomite disco danny) destroyed him doe.
2 LRT's I don't even know what to say
\": Stay consistent : )\"I missed your elongated happy faces :)
If you fave your own tweets you're a megadouble loser.
I wish could see the real meaning of the phrase \" i love u \" and not see it like its just a hi
\"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time\" -Thomas Edison
The feeling after you crack your back &gt;
I'm so emotionless &lt;&lt; &gt;&gt; you're so emotional.
Well that was too wierd for my liking
Este es el futbol que quiero ver la puta madre, que nos peguen porque no nos pueden sacar la pelota viendo todos los pases que damos
When it comes to food,bruh forget
The sun is up and so am I
I'm so boreddd
I am so happy \"Last of the Mohicans\" is on I can't even tell you.
Past few weeks my head has been messed up....
Wish I could see tn
Are cancers &amp; leos supposed to get along?
Wtf is he gonna say \"oh man it's swell watching the boys from home\"? Ask the man a question that isn't asinine he's an American hero
Wow this game is a joke
\": All of life's great lessons present themselves again and again until mastered. ~David Ashley Brewer\"
Ready for all the tourists to go away.
Of course I'm craving Mexican food at 11pm
stfu Los shit
Why do I still try to wear flip flops? Do I hate that space between my big toe and the one next to it that much?
So any new rumors bring floated around?
There is nothing cuter than seeing a Punk Rocker showing his love \nFor his Lion :* &lt;3
-No Conozco El Gato Con Botas,, Pero Si A Muchas Zorras En Tacones ;) Ayy Las Apariencias...
That fresh out-of-the shower feeling &gt;
It's officially summer. is BACK!
I can already tell tonight's going to be on of those nights where I skip drunk and go straight to tired
These season 4 plot twists though
ifyou ever get lonely Andmiss me\nIf you need someone to listen Even if its only Thesound of someones voice who loves youThat you need tohear
Walking around NYC for 5 hours in heels... Not the best idea
\"I think my boyfriend is gay.....it's awkward\" -
almost killed my friends like three times today...and that's what you get when you let trinh drive *shrugs*
People on Catfish: I have never even met you and I love you.\n\nMe: I have never even met you and I hate you.
Goal goal goal 30 sec
I came to realize everything happen for a reason. If it happened then clearly it was meant to happen, I'm not regretting nothing else
So..guess who was at this baby shower I went to last weekend
A lot of these niggas be bitches to
Why the fuck is drew not batting 9th que 7th kid is a bum
Good night Dolls. Don't forget to say your prayers
This new twitter shit got me fucked up
A good thing about American sportscasters having no clue about soccer is that they need to have everything explained to them too
i just cant wait man .
Love and adore you so much..my true star ! Could i get a follow back please.
It's Day at NBT Bank Stadium! will hold AM youth clinic and play dblheader at 6! .
Bought Margielas for the lil bro. 90 avg got him two pairs of designer kicks, all a 90 avg ever got me was a saving from a a whoop ass.
Gonna do another rant okay it's about 5sos
Yea, never take suggestions of where to go out from people who never go out. Oh and I can't hang out with old hoes
It felt good when he said ... \" I better see you at auditions\".
so guess who's on iTunes right now lol
boutta fall asleep then sean and ryan happened
Laura Irwin is now a ginger and I couldn't be more happy
Look, I'm not giving Obama a pass on all his decisions, but no one sued GW Bush for lying, pissing on the constitution, &amp; breaking the law
In line on Market between 5th and 6th. \"Is this the line for Neil Gaiman?\" \"What else would there be a line for here?\"
My G.O.D is My G.O.D for a reason.
Driving real slooow and we don't never let nobody know when we about to muthafuckin blow shit.
One time I seen joe scratch his ass and then smell it... Bruh
The struggle of eating an apple in bed is what to do with the core
Dempsey within seconds
We will ALWAYS be happy no matter what the outcome is. Facts we have an understanding.
Affording and taking birth control is becoming revolutionary. This is terrible.
\"Heat making history Sunday\" -
I think dill pickles are more addictive than methamphetamine
I come home from dinner and my entire family's MIA...
...Like my parents literally don't feed me
I won't say the exact amount, but I will tell you I can probably buy 2,400 McChickens.
my eclipse is the only thing that gets me through this life
USA USA USA USA.
Like who wants to go to bed feeling like they wish they could change the outcomes of a fucking tv series
Lmao what time do we even go into school tomorrow
Let It Go from Frozen is on 96.5. This is awesome
Love hate relationship with my natural hair
I really be so hype driving lol.
Someone find her @ fr so I can b like queen
I will really murk someone's child ,we not in school Nomore I can't get suspended. Tf
Just want to do something right now. Someone pick me up or come over
I'm embarrassed of how many selfies I used to take....
We can have the whole world singing tonight Mr. Piano Man. Play a song for us Mr. Piano Man
\"where are you going???\" \"to see my ex\" *pulls out long row of condoms* hahahahahahahah
Dakota just bought a whole pizza from 7-11 who does that
Back in New York
I'm in trouble at my house . &amp; Im not there but right now I wish I was .
I would like it to be known that only 12 states voted yes for independence, with New York as the only state that did not enter a vote.
As the mercury and barometer rises, remember, friends, powder your balls.
Ginobli playing for MVP
Uh oh I'm gonna get so sunburned ops curse this pallid complexion of mine
How is school over like powderpuff was like 2 days ago????
I love cwassants
I give up on The Bachelorette.
Should I keep my chin strap or just shave it off?
You know you work too much when you have dreams about getting a corporate shop at McDonald's
Last nights event showed me how antisocial I really am now a days. I think a lot of other people noticed too lmao.. Idc
Shiddd its 12 and i got school tmmrw and i didnt clean my room or anythang shiddd
Sarai gon beat me up lol
Qu'est ce que j'ai mal mince
And I am flyer than reindeers in the winter (in the winter)
This girl is really weird tho she so cute tho.
AND SO IT GOES postponed for a week again. Hopefully, they'll keep doing this until I leave on vacation.
\"It sounds like he is from the Wiggles.\"
And a crab one
Omfg it's the guy from dog with a blog
We take Cali for granted. We literally have everything I love it
Especially since I'm not skinny like I have to atleast make the rest of me look hot ya know
Anybody who causes imtentional harm should have the same thing done back to them In return
I'm in a bad ass fucking mood.
Js cause he wanna grow a beard smh yung nigga shit lol
Giving up my FL ticket to save up for Colombia in December will most definitely be worth it
\"While you're ignoring her someone else is begging for her attention\"
All I wanted was a hundred million dollars &amp; a bad bitch
This is not good because I'm drunk and will find a way in whether it means climbing the fence or digging under it
So did anybody else figure out why Andrew Rayel and Bryan Kearney performed at basscon... Or nah
And so its begins...
After she shared\nher sordid twisted tale\nof how she\nkilled her two husbands\nI cancelled the engagement\nto my black widow love\n
Feels so good just to relax during the day.
But are we ever actually alone?
Everybody aint who they say they are
But why she trying to kill people when her life can be over in a few seconds
No Deja Vu tho? Can't Knock The Hustle? Hollywood?
If I spam Calum with pictures of puppies, do you think he would follow me then lol
the new every time I die record is exactly like last night in town. oh my god. modern hardcore has hope!
If you're angry over some petty shit I'll assume you're broke too
Bet those USA fans are so turnt right now
Just witnessed some guy climb into the back of someone else's truck and piss in it, so there's that.
Team NY \": too much southern pride on my tl lately lol\"
Sharing a beer with dad is the perfect way to cap Father's Day
Doesn't feel like my birthday is tomorrow at all...
Ayy D money you remind me of D Rose in high school when we play at schultz
My trip to Las Vegas was amazing
at the beach and there is SO much trash I'm disgusted
Damn I feels good to be a juju
Word too motha ! \": \": I dubb who ever I feel the need to my friendship is a privilege tuh !\" Dubbin Season\"
Why the fuck are so many people doing the wave at this game?
Why does Scott and his parents look Hispanic but yet he has an Scottish name?
Ok let's try to get the ball away from Howard please
Dempsey!!!!!!!!!!! 2-1!!!!! USAAAAAA
Can Ashton be my twitter bestie like dude...
mayghaddd ung amnesia leaked studio version na dinownload ko sa soundcloud. putek
Snapchatting is the best lol
I'm less horrified by the kick to Dempsey's face than I am watching him wriggle his busted, bloody nose after the fact.
Last night was fuckn awful
Pretty woman is the best and my favorite movie
\"Its only been 3 mins since u came in and ur already giving me a headache\" \nDon't blame me...ur the one who wanted to ask me a question.
I wonder if Dr. Frankenstein was Igor's graduate advisor.
not gonna be drinking at Indian since like 50 families I know are gonna be there
I work from 4PM-9AM . I need something to do in between time
I go to a pool party I'm swimming, unless it's Vegas...nope not getting in that water
Pool party tn hmu for info
Shit day already ...
Is it only my house or twc internet is really retarded?
I'm gonna sleep the night away. I finally get to have me time after a 3 day rager, until next time ~~
Too many cute ass couple photos. Where's my cute ass photo
Never be too busy to smile :)
I hope everyone will be getting as fucked up as I will be tonight.
i thought it was like 9.............
Sometimes you need to follow basic principles.
this chem exam should be a blast
It's OK guys I like sitting alone on my birthday in my room really
Can I please just move out already.
If you don't know by now you should probably get familiar...
I give up what is it gonna take to get u to call me I should be promoting Shawn
Virgin girls be faithful as shit......
Wish you weren't such a dick magnet .
Tim Duncan 5 Chips
i just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dashhh
Who the fuck is swishgod? wack ass name!
\"Doctors told me I can't have wine, salt, or coffee. So what's even the point in living?\" -mom
This weather goes with my gloomy mood
Wow this girl really changed after high school
About to watch vs
Need a fresh start
I REALLY miss and rn):
It's only Monday and I'm already looking forward to Sunday.
Great job gettin that CLUTCH double play. Must be those muffin wrappers? ;-) lol
I told my dad I would make mac salad and chicken wing dip and I told him I would have the crock pot ready for him ugh
Why can't I find fat laces for my chucks in Manhattan?!
Kira make love to me OMG
I got some serious heat on my upcoming EP from my sis ..ya'll even ready!?!?
I'm trying to get some sleep but Brittney and luanne are currently brawling over Instagram likes
How could someone ever date someone that they aren't attracted to? Like how does that work?
I got half way threw with and I can't wait to finish the rest tomorrow.
I wanna smoke a blunt , eat a bagel, and go to the beach. Since when is that difficult
Running out of napkins at home...looks like Chipotle for dinner
I hope some juicy secrets come out in the lie detector test
we use to talk everyday and now we barely even talk
One second I'm enjoying talking to you and the next you can annoy me without doing anything lol
Ghana's trying to stick it to the white man with that super kick to the face
Netflix need to update some movies
My aunt wants me to watch her dogs. not her son but her dog
Remember that time I spilt water all over myself in the cafe. Yeah, good times
Yeah I shouldn't be on twitter without my glasses.
Got a good bitch by ur side you better run w it
Stayed up till midnight just to find the sat website is down and scores aren't available
Told her about my condition, Got a little mile high flight attention.
The only time goodbye painful is when you know you will never say hello again.
There was no fun in today except the Taco Bell
So hungry and tired but the office is so funny
To all my 2nd string bitches, tryna get a baby!
The amount of cleaning &amp;organizing going on in my room right now is insane.I mean it'll look amazing when I'm done but right now I could die
That feeling when you own the dance floor
I think I'm gonna get rid of twitta
If it ain't from the heart and out of kindness please don't do shit for me!
Sometimes you play catch with Gavroche in the parking lot.
Went to buy my first legal bottle of alcohol and didn't get carded
not enough people talk about the new Scooby Doo character designs on CartoonNetwork and it's upsetting cause they look really nice
froyo lady: \"enjoy!!\" me: \"you too\"
Finally getting those matte Navy helmets!
Harlem must not work during the day. All of the businesses are only open from 9-6pm. You can't do anything after 6 but drink and eat.
I can't wait to get married so I can do all the things that I have pinned on Pinterest.
The minute I put everything down to go to sleep the cough comes back with a vengeance. This is a no win situation.
It is always better to give than receive.
Finally working out the Small kinks on this Spec-Pilot. I get so excited when I read through these Pages. (cont)
You guys will never guess my password for my iPod
I don't see how girls can just have sex with guys they have no feelings for. That's just not my style.
I'm gunna be that one guy. \n\nDON'T WANNA BE AN AMERICAN IDIOT
Up north everyone is nice and very social
I really need to catch up on sleep
cause I got all this Johnny Dang on.
What a fucking start
Probably shouldn't have went to bed at 9. I'm wired right now.
I should go for a late walk with bff.
USA scores within 30 seconds of playing Ghana
I'm gonna shave a pentagram on the back of my head
Never easy to be the butt of the joke.
\"Im ready to go surfing now.\" My thoughts exactly. in the AM.
I have another ridiculously long layover in JFK... Anyone surprised? 4 hours down 2 hours left
Just plugged in my iPad after two months and I feel like I've gotten back an old friend.
Goaaaaalllll! Go ! Win the Group of Death!!
Big thanks to for putting up with my \"can't sleep\" snapchats
Jeter with the RBI single.
The is so hypocritical with its decision regarding buffer zones around abortion clinics.
Don't really wanna take this chem regents rn
Okay whenever I tell my dad to drop me off places he just leaves me there by myself
Traffic doesn't suck that bad when you're listening to country
I care too much. I put everyone else first. I curse more than anyone I know. I refuse to give up until my point is made.
IG &amp; Facebook is boring now a days if you ask me .. Same crap posted on both of them
Me vale ver ser odioso dije.
I would take my dog for a walk but he can barley walk
Now Mark Schmidt is in 'sroyalty
The real world isn't always great, but it's still at least 3 times better than college.
Party in the USA is blasting throughout my house on repeat and my dad refuses to turn it down
Apaixonado pelo PodCast q eh otimo \/ quem nunca consegue ver nada ao vivo na TV...
Beasley is traaaaasshh
I hate you. Wanna know why ?
Awkwardly sitting in my car because I'm so early
Turn up time with the bro !
Great strike jones!
So much drama on twitter this past week god damn
If I had another chance to meet you, I'd make this time so much more worth it
and its just like.. you called her a bitch and you don't even remember why. but now she has a new reason to be mad at you...smart....
Saying yes to the things I want to do and no to the things I'm attached to.
Welp time to take a hiatus from twitter again
School today time to focus nd learn
Ginobili said move bitch get out da way
man dumb blondes never get old.
It's actually hilarious how people are still doing the cold water challenge
Neri Oxman juices algorithms out of nature says
rockets are going after bosh if carmelo doesn't go to their team i guess they going after bosh cause their not ready
Someone told Lauren he wanted to have babies with her
Had a good time at the girls who code meetup. Lots of women looking to enter the tech sector. Lots of good work
A fuck nigga gonna be a fuck nigga that's why we never gave a fuck when a fuck nigga switched up.
Now I can walk around like I own the place
Can't be there for someone who don't want you to
\"Do you know any good rap songs I could download\" ......
Tbh the only miami heat player i truly hate is Ray Allen no way he even deserved another ring
So much tragedy in Haiti. Thank you for your efforts and awareness.
\": girl: he cheated on me\nme: then break up with him\ngirl: but-\nme: bye\" \nAll the time
Btw Brooke Shields sat next to me on my flight home and I stalked her out of my terminal till I got a pic with her lol
I'm gonna throw you off and start calling you fam.
Just spent over an hour at location picking out books to kick off my summer reading!
Idc mami that's your friend and I'm your daughter and I'm home! I get to take off my bra !!!
Big day for spangled star aficionados.
If there's no trust there's no Us ..
Being fake aint gonna get you by
Can you lick the tip then throat the dick or nah
me &amp; worked tg for a solid 20 minutes today before all hell broke loose. WHY DOES THIS ALWAYS HAPPEN !?
I just want someone to get up and Grabve me the ib profin
Bro why is he throwing his leg up like that.
love the scent of lemon zest in the evening.
Two run bomb by Trevor Rogers has Sunnyvale Serra 2-0 up on Los Altos, bottom 1, D44 majors Allstars
and on that note I am bored out of my mind
Attended the 1988 ,Game 5. Watched the beat the as a 3rd grader.
Sleep tight (if u can) tomorrow we fight for our lives at this edition of The Cup! We are one,
honey I'm home
I just want to be the girl you like
Okay this commute is taking way too long
My friend is concerned for me. She says my skin is too white and I should have some sort of tan in July.
wow not even 30 seconds
Feet ain't been this dead in a minute
Women never forget what you tell em.
guys i haven't eaten all day because I feel fat for not working out.
I swear the MTA hates me sometimes.
I have another baby cousin oh my god
It really does piss me off that now a days if your in a relationship you can't have friends of the opposite sex... Grow tf up &amp; learn trust
Kiss that beautiful nose goodbye, Demp...
You bring me food. Princess just got off work lol
I don't want to go thru that again
YAS cape cod reference in
although I love the style of previous generations, the people of our generation (Millennials) are the most interesting human beings.
Only right that he does iLLmatic!!
i need more weed.. i also need a solid dealer
I might as well go to bed early yet again cuz...no one wants to play...like ever. [:
Pretty sure I'm experiencing my fifth life crisis
Cannot get over that shittt man
The relationship between the # of women C suites who have played competitive sports is off the charts. -
I fall down the stairs about 3 times a week
When you think happiness, I hope you think about that little black dress, think of my head on it chest, &amp; my old faded blue jeans
Nole doesn't like windy conditions. Remember 2012 US Open final against Murray.
But I mean id love to be a hippie too but I love designer bags and Central Park West
I don't trust this sub bus driver.....
I was listening to Radiohead and then I went into the bathroom and Radiohead was playing on the loudspeakers and now I'm trippin'.
That's a card hello
There are girls in relationships that are train stations,but that's none of my business lol
So who's gonna be my date to a muthaafuckin' New York Yankee game this summer?!
My phones battery is always under 10%
Boycott Hobby Lobby. I call it freedom not to shop there. F.... them.
Always stay humble cause that's when you get more things accomplished.
Never been happier to be driving through Manteca! Almost home! Yay!!!
I downloaded the urban dictionary app and I completely forgot until now..
Well that was... Disappointing. At least we heard Eddie Guerrero's song. Miss you Eddie. Vickie got fired. Stephanie in chocolate is yum.
I feel like im such an awkward person
\"I was looking back and reading my journal...\"-Marcus(the guy who has NO chance with Andi)
Idk how many people I have to warn before my judgment of people just isn't working anymore.
Thank You Lord, that You have an abundant supply of resources to help me meet any trying situation. Amen
PLEASE CALL ME
Alcides blowing a bubble while tripling just cocky. Yo Greinke
Michael Jackson \/ Justin Timberlake - Love Never Felt So Good
I replied \"haha yeah I was drunk\" and he never replied lol oooooopz
On a scale from one to even... I can't.
\"I think Danielle needs some shut the fuk up oil!\"
Funny how we exist to you when you need something
Really upset the gym isn't open today
Girls want it just as bad as guys.
So today I finished my last exam as a high school student, went &amp; made my college freshman schedule, &amp; received my first Credit Card...What.
That really just made me mad
tomorrows my day off and then i work 5 days straight fml
Ginobili just posterized Bosh!!
That means comments online should be.kind n loving.
92% of girls are whores
Everyone taking selfies with the statue of liberty... smh
Why do people subtweet about you then get made when you do it to them in return?
Hey Turkiye hey...Elinde 3000 $'lik telefon kontur almaya parasi yok,omurler gosterisle geciyor,boyle bir milletiz iste! YAZIK.
Watching Part 1 of Shoah. Settling in for a nice bout of depression via horror. Only 7 hours to go after pt 1
It feels soo good in my cousins room
Trying to out number the newbs.
Im scared out of my mind of my exam grades
Exactly where they belong\": The A's are staying in Oakland for 10 more years.\"
SAY IT LOUD! \nIM FUNK AND IM PROUD!
Me and gee are getting wrecked at the movie theatre?? Ifk :(
Look at them Ghana fans how they dress
I always knew the world would end because of a movie by and ... Bring it !!!
Southern small-town hick paranoia ugh I hate all these people right now
I just wonder do you ever think of me
Beyonce has to be like a drug or something...they need to name a drug after her..
Call me bleep me if you wanna reach me.
Number 2 and I have something in common, we both like to dance on the sideline
DO THIS 30 YEARS SEARCH IN EVERY COUNTY EVERY CITY NATIONWIDE &amp; INTERNATIONAL where are THOSE PEOPLE NOW? THIS is STEP NUMBER ONE
Timeout! How some fire 6's gonna come along in a pack with some Melos???????
It's interesting to see the choices people make and how they justify them
MY MOM JUST SAID WE ARE GETTING CHIPOLTE AFTER PRACTICE YASSSSSS
7 hour shifts = me dead right now
YAS SCOTT IS CRUSH OF THE WEEEEEK LMAO
HA PORTUGAL .|. .|. .|.
My new fav word is thottie
I can't forget people. I'm not going to let myself.
Best part of the weekend: 's The Graham Norton Show
So u wait for take off and out of a sudden maintenance problem and u can't reach the contractor.. Off the plane. U suck
Lo haremos TT en VENEZUELA y el Mundo!
I want like 3 or 4 egg sammys right now
\": Your ex &lt; me &gt; your next.\" Lol
\": Party at Tune house Sunday\"let's go ha
My to do list is never ending for tomorrow
But my sister in law amd bro jayz comin up next
P.S. I love you makes me cry every 5 minutes
I can't wait for bay to come home
everything about being in the gazebo at night brings back so many memories
JOEY CHESTNUT JUST PROPOSED TO HIS GIRLFRIEND ON STAGE!!!!
Mitch and joe are asking for it tonight...
Today is like the worst day of my life.
american and british approved apartheid occupying criminal state of israel.
si me hablan no me enojo che
hopefully in 8 days ill be meeting these beautiful souls w
Ghost Hunt is pretty good anime. can't wait for the live-action movie
crazy. kawhi is gonna win finals MVP
dicienote al oido que solo quiero estar contigo, que tu eres mi vicio bebe!!
Gooooooaaaaalllll!!! Great curving shot from way outside the box! ! Go !
I've never had a cold sore before. :((((
That's still babe in my eyes so idc
What's wrong let me fix that
Not proud of myself at all for chain smoking for 5 hrs
Happy birthday to a great defender ! Wish you the best today! Have fun!
Love can Wait.
Enjoying the Beach with my kids !
Robin Thicke cut his hair. Looks good on him
I like skating down this street because of the honeysuckle smell
I just can't even handle how good the think like a man movies are
If you're not watching this game you're communist
Finally, i can see emojis normally on my phone
I Just Want Something I Can Call My Own
Life update: I'm scared of foul balls.
...*Comedy Flow* ...XOXO Better Energy! XOXO
Pero si yo te quiero vale :C
\"overland\" I make spirit in the hallway sounds like it said \"I'd like if you died\"
Nicole won't eat sketchy seafood with us and now were at cheesecake...
Didn't expect to be into this Greece\/ Costa Rica game...but damn Im glad I'm watching!
There is something so fabulous about a night away in a hotel with in the middle of the week. I love ! Fav hotels!
I'm gonna make Dakota an okcupid and hit on girls pretending to be him
Social media kills relationships
DEUCE! DONT TREAD ON THIS!
John Legend and Jhene Aiko just killed it!
It's actually cold at 75 degrees here in Fremont. Or I'm just used to 100 degrees+ now.
Lindsey Sterling live.
When a jab jab come out of work he does put the fig in the saltfish. Zabooca in d saltfish
ai o que?os pais negaram que ela era filha deles OPA ASR ANDA TUDO DOIDO
Can tomorrow just be the last day fuckkkk.
i'm going to cry tears of joy when america gets eliminated
The movie - yeah. It's just NOT good.
Shane battier lit that fire.
Such a fucking cunt to me
7 months with this woman and i couldnt be any happier.. I love you
Its so refreshing to see stars in the sky. Im gonna mis you Cali.
May 31st Was The Last I Heard From My Dad , That Mann Some'em Else
Fuck it dawg wanna let me go then you aint want me...
representing the entire holly tree today, wow big shoes to fill!
ochoa is such a good goalie!!
i love you. i love you. i love you. i love you. i love you. i love you. i love you. i love you. i love you.
Told you!!! Dempsey
It would be the best 4th of July if Colombia looses
my friends birthday was today
I wish I can just dissappear, that would make everyone's life easier.
I deleted 2,047 photos just to be able to download more songs. I feel like I'm missing something yet I also feel accomplished.
Me and bri need some popcorn for this shit
He barely touched him lol definitely a flop
Nobody. RT : \"Nobody makes me bleed my own blood\" -Dempsy
Fuckkk is it time for another tattoo yet?
Lmao at ppl who think they're hot shit bc they're self proclaimed \"tech snobs\" like go back to snorting your K and stay off twatter
Copped some DOPE (formerly $50) $7 XL knit sweaters from H&amp;M.
GIRLS R SO STUPID
Come to my hood 2k14 !
leo : 2. What's your zodiac sign?
Everybody looks at you strange; say you changed... Like you work that hard to stay the same!
getting random texts from bae are the best
Just finished watching The Amazing Spiderman 2. It was really sad. 3 different bad guys but I just can't believe Gwen dies.
Im always missing the barbeques in new york
I don't understand why my snapchat isn't working
Just beat Lucas 4 times in horse hellz yeah
when your best isn't good enough, that's when you know it's over.
On the road again... Brings back nightmares of the drive to L.A
Watching chris brown performance again got me in a good mood
Someone screen shot my profile for me
\": not reading books isn't something to brag about...\"
But I will be deleting once school gets in.
There's a big difference between being hungry and thirsty.
Girls always talking bout they \"nigga\" but we never see em.
Make sure you catch the lads on World Cup Encore tonight on ESPN2 with all the action. I shall enjoy watching with a cold beer.
It is crucial to find your true self as discovering who you are and where you belong. A cactus in the desert doesn't need much water...
What I tell y'all ?
HATE Mondays. My stepmom is home all damn day just to nag me about stupid shit.
Emma and I were on Potsdam for 3 hours today
Planning on sleeping until 3 oclock tomorrow
Everytime I'm with Jenna I swear profusely and she is shivering from how cold she is
Finally in the club with more to come
Just waited a half hour for a train i just found out isn't coming. Fuck you
I MISSED THE FIRST FIVE MINUETS OF nooooo
Who going to Astoria to watch the fireworks today?
cuddling has to be one of the best things in the world
Four years ago today we lost someone very special to a lot of us. I will never forget that day when I got the news.
Do you think really cares about what y'all say about him and his hat? Dare to be different. Pharrell is a genius
Freedom Fest sucked every ounce of energy out of my body
Nice strike by Jones !!!!
I'm sorry the new iPhone earphones blow. Do they stay in anyone's ears?
I HATE YOU WARIO!!!
I'm going to be on top of the world.
I never really tell someone how I feel about them unless I've known them for a good amount of time.. If they're lucky
My dad and I legit get SO much entertainment watching Mexicos coach. He's absolutely halarious
I can watch those videos how meat is made and then make some bacon
Um..just followed me. Shit just got real. Am I becoming !!??
Balance. That helps.
My neighbor is bragging about his gas mileage. How gay can you fucking be
I was watching one of the fhritp vines and my dad was in the room how awkward wow
That botched Maimi fastbreak says this is fate.
Regular warped ticket is $51.50. Who wants mine for $40?
Hey I want to test drive the leaf 2day but can't find a dealer near zip 07631 nj that has it. Any ideas?
HB and lee for expiring sign melo plan B?
Today sucks an tomorrow's a let down -.-great day
This is my first season of big brother since 2002. Does the interior director always drop that much acid?
Kyanya die pelit sama gue doang deh
Why everytime I walk the dogs I SEE THIS FUCKIN DEER !!!!!!!!
CALIFORNIA! Its been real! Time to head back home to VA!
I'm done with it. Because now you guys look like assholes lmfao
This nigga like 16 with acne still on his face, talkin about pullin a gun out his bag and when we got it from him all he had was sweaters
Go go -_^
DID THEY JUST GET TAKEN TO STAND SIDE STAGE DURING NECK DEEP WHAT
DEMPSEY HAVE MY KIDSSS
Np A&amp;B edclv set then clockwork
Like my boyfriend and I are mad cute together
These zombie movies always got me scared wtf
traps run today: all
Lebron fans always cryin with an excuse
Sit back relax &amp; watch god create the path he has planned for you
Clint fucking demspey!!!!!
I wish I could kick a ball father then half field
Why is everyone going to sleep early?
Why do i love football movies so much? Omg
This was your fault anyways. You trapped yourself in this situation, what did you expect?
It's easier to sleep with a clean room
People actually think I made out with the Taco Bell person
I always feel so low on my nights alone. I hate it. I wish I wasn't so attached at times like this.
Like actual human beings trying to perform cartoon slapstick. Wtf
I can't judge how you live, but I can judge your inability to care\/financially help your children.
.: 'Very little proof has been offered that in any of these leaks, the national security was demonstrably harmed'
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO WAIT FOR THE STUDIO VERSION FOR AMNESIA FOR ANOTHER MONTH\n\nits ok, worth the wait because Amnesia is an amazing song
I wanna subtweet you with ADTR lyrics because you're perfect
CMON KARNEZIS YOU PIECE OF CRAP
If I was Aria I would drop kick Mona in the jaw.
I slept through my morning class\nFuck my life
i dont like rings or open toed shoes or shoes with heals i need to be able to do ACTIVITIES and THINGS without NOTICE
Fuck Phil of the future. Put Kim Possible on and The proud Family
I don't like the world this early without my headphones.
There nothing to do ig ......
Lmao ik i just not see Kaylas tweets about slidin in her DMs
Camp again tmrw mornin wit my sons an
Well my perfect weekend turned to shit quick
Wayment, Netflix finally has some quality gay films. cc:
10 you're so sweet and adorable never change that
No son los recuerdos, son las personas.
Only when we stop listening to everyone and everything around us can we hear what God is trying to tell us.
y does still hold on 2 dat little camera wen da big camera's r already recording...
I've had a killer headache for 2 days now :\/
I swear mom needs her own show on food network everything she makes is freaking amazing
I've been wearing the same outfit all week by accident
If Hendricks had given the belt2 Lawler after they announced Hendricks \"won\" then I woulda had respect 4 em but Hendricks wasnt that Gangsta
Its a pizza and ice cream kind of night
Austin made 3 black friends in line
Please please please mind just shut off for once
Putting together 's furniture at her new apartment, listening to a little Kelly Clarkson. Naturally we think of
My Routine\nPagi:Tidur\nPetang:Main game\/Tengok movie\nMalam:Main game\n
Keep saying this but I really really need to clean my diet up .
can someone b cute for once .
I'm going to marry Coach Brian.
The best thing you can give a girl is attention and affection.
Not a good move by Jason Kidd. He continues to tarnish his good standing. Money yes. Operations yes. Bad timing.
Why are the Plain White T's always on Greek?
strongly considering a no furniture life style with this new place
Fun Fact: The blue sea slug eats the Man o' War jellyfish, concentrates its venom and uses it for its own sting.
Fuck hooking my car up I'm dead boutta save up for my own place
My roomie and I always sing lyrics to songs ^_^
Lmao kermits gonna end up in a body bag
Early goal and ol Mo
Why do I get up so early
My inner child is fighting my being in the office any longer.
My mom goes through my yearbook and talks about all the sigs. One girl gives me a heart and she acts like its a gift from god
Kaymer won by 8 strokes for his second major. No one had a chance against him honestly. He played way to good
No es por asustarme ni nada parce,pero sono algo raro en mi casa yo mejor me acuesto ligerito! XD
Never trust a female completely cus there's no telling who she'll be the next day
Dazed and confused just started
Rare good move by the Knicks. Picking up draft picks is huge. If they flip Dalembert\/Larkin like they're supposedly trying to, even better.
idk why some guys don't like lip biting or getting scratched like get a grip and man up!
That was the dumbest shit ever I can't believe that stupid shit happened
mi dia se va a basar en mirar los 3 partidos,leer y comer, gran domingo
Just got home and watched the highlights... My gawd, someone has been watching Coach Kent! Way to go Timmy! -No
Oh shhhit that was intense \"we brought an Alpha\"
The audience is sitting back like
Karlie Redd gossips and is messy like a 15 year old girl
my tweets r regressin in2 the conversational style i used on AIM a decade ago LOL
Te amo mucho !!
\"I'm Moving on\" AUSTIN UOU FUCKING FUMBASS
I need a breathing treatment because I'm just dying rn. I'm not even mad like frfr I'm just hurt
summer school is nothing special to get all ready for
My boss is not my freaking mini-pope
\"Please proceed to the route\" siri is one annoying bitch
Bussa bust look like a gummy bear
Dear self, when you sleep on your stomach, you tend to keep your arms under you and you wake up in lots of pain. Stop it.
Just because it's nice out ladies please nobody wants to see your crusty critters please cover then nasty shits ( voice)
I'm literally so tired and I can't go to sleep yet because I'll wake up at like 3am
She keep saying she bout to go in her room But still here lol
Not really in the mood to go sit in bumper to bumper traffic to go to a class I can't stand
I'm so tired I feel like I've been hit by a bus, which is kind of funny because I've been on a bus for like 2 hours
I may or may not be listening to country music and watching Virginia Tech football videos while drinking captain &amp; coke
Lets go usa!!!!!
tough love my friend but the answer still no
Us doesn't really have a team but aver que haha
I just wanna be the girl you like
1-1 let's go USA !
ARE YOU KIDDING MEEEEEEEEE!!!
Art is boring me to sleep. I fell asleep for the first hour.....
if y'all have professor white for English composition fuckinng drop her. You will thank me later
Exhausted but I don't want to go to sleep bc that means it's sooner til I have to go into work
Sunshine, there ain't a thing that you can do that's gonna ruin my night.
U gotta be fucking kidding me !? Exactly why my fuckin ass is moving to Georgia !!!!
Whoever didn't get that time and a half pay is an IDIOT. Hell I'll eat a grilled burger tomorrow while counting money.
\"I knew everything happened for a reason. I just wished the reason would hurry up and make itself known.\"
the terra-dactyl in the background music of studio simply make the song
Even seeing it for the second time, still didn't cry...
Haha I kinda want to punch for having such a nice view from her deck.
You can even buy yourself some &amp; join me
Being a grown up is rough. Who knew furnishing an apartment would be this rough -_-
So someone have a party now
Yo its crazy like you go to a party and find like mad beer cans, mad towels, peters hat
Thank god Ronaldo is off his game tn
Yes yes yes yes yes yes
Shout out to all my niggas getting laid after prom!
Leonardo DiCaprio was that my job
\"Tu tranqui que yo freshh\" -David Ospina.
si en media hora el fifo no viene lo voy a buscar a la calle
Words can not fathom how jealous I am of Malia
Dear contacts, your out of office email is completely unnecessary.
you think I would scare my family because I wanna make this default my pic on Facebook lmao
What an amazing goal!!!
Lost my keys at a bar last night... Just great.
Finished reading last night. Need an HBO Inside the Episode-like look at the psyche of the characters . So good.
Kt comes running in: \"DATE DATE DATE DATE DATE\"
My favorite new Twitter account is easily . I want to go on so many dates now.
Name me 6 starters bitch .
That is a big old hamstring to pull. Gutted for him
Porque nos tomamos la vida tan enserio?
I hate them so much right now
\"I want to get an elephant tattoo\" \"why\" \"I'm not telling you cause you're just gonna tweet about me\"
Ej still rocking dem jeans yum!
Ew no you're not.
And she wanna know what that dick ride like
Beautiful strike Jermaine Jones
7 moe days till the 1st. finna have that EBT waitin in my purse. the dolla tree no my name. cause when them doors open i go insane
i woke up early this is a shocker
I hope that heaven is your resting place
Perfection is every imperfection .... I'm just saying ....
Love spending time with my family
My dad's at work and I have no money to take me out to dinner. Nor do I have a car.
sunday fun day minus the fun day
How do I show a video on twitter?
my brother and i literally scared away all the fishing boats oops
Friends be chillin till 3am every night and I'm over here about to sleep only to wake up at 6am everyday
9 - how has your life been bruh I haven't spoken to you in forever .
When did I ever call this nigga daddy?
Not 1 person to talk too
I hope sophomore yr is cool
Heat look disgraceful.
Don't feel like driving home lol
I've yet to get up from my bed after being drunk\/hungover the whole day.
i always wonder who decided what the physical definition of beauty was or if it was a natural reaction.
IVE BEEN TRYING TO GET PASSED WEBSTER FOR LIKE 20 MINUTES
All the way from the UK !!!!!!
Cuando me toca y me habla me tranquilizo y me freno..
Busted beak for Dempsey
I hate heather dubrow more than anything.
Don't interrupt my practicing. I'll do chores before or after, but don't stop me in the middle to strip my bed.
2 on - we like that, we do it all the timeeee. basically, GAME
Finally it's kickoff!...AND GOAL?!?!?! :O HOLY shit ! 0:32 F'n seconds! WHOOO!
YOU MAY HAVE THE BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLD BUT YOU CANT BEAT OUR FREEDOM
unspoken rule wait 56 hours before texting a dj back gotta seem chill
City island tonight
If you still care what other people think then you're childish and weak af
Nights (along w Joseph Leonard) continue to be among my favorites in NYC. \n\nThx to all the people hired.
At Radio City Music waiting for to take the stage but I'm still stalking my girl &amp; on Twitter
Good to hear &amp; talk real @ SF transitions from designer lamps to person sleeping on the street. Something's not right.
I might have just freaked out on some kid for bashing on the Marines
Life is a bitch and she sure ain't pretty
If she dont answer when i call i hit delete
65 - you and your girlfriend are cute.
Going to go see awesome avant-metal band at tonight with (yeah you are coming!). Who is joining me?
J J J J J J GOL de EEUU
It's always me: Do you ever have the feeling that you'd need a head start just to finish last? Last day of \"It's always me\".
Clint Dempsey did not get kicked in the face for the government to be embarrassing and stupid as shit
Wallflowers \/\/ Static Jacks will always have a special place in my heart
Wade gotta take less money &amp; think abt coming off the bench .
Immortal RT : Pirlo says he is open to playing on for Italy if the new coach needs him.
Hey, how's it going? *Walks away immediately.*
Napping the day away when I get home
Cilantro doesn't even have a strong taste to it but can take Mexican food from weak to fuckin' dank in .425 seconds
I met this river kid up in auburn who had weekly connections to santa cruz renegades but never got his info
Their is so many good movies coming out
But just to fit in with all the other people you choose to act the way you are, I believe your an amazing person on thr inside tbh.
Woe unto me if I preach not !
Maybe durring the concert 1D will notice me and realize I should be on stage rapping and not in the audience like some hollaback girl
Canada is too Americans what America is too Mexicans
I deadass wonder what it's like to have someone care about you as much as you care about them
Even fab cut off his \"day 1s\"
UGH I MISS I bET WE WOULD BE TOGETHER IF I WAS HOME
OFF SIDES again!!! Cheater!!!
The thirst is becoming an epidemic...watching closely from afar...definitely need to turn it up a notch for the good of self
I can't stop tweeting while showering but I should before my phones falls and drowns
To grab another beer, or to not grab another beer. That is the question.
pretty sure every single vertebrate in my back just cracked
Suits and ties at the NHL level, man. Suits and ties.
Say no to racism. Be like a panda: They're black, white, and Asian... but not Mexican... so be like a panda holding a taco.
No wonder why this movie was two dollars I don't have service
Coming from nothing to something the best feeling
With a broken nose
It sucks that Shamirs bday is the day after mine cus we always gotta do shit together
Made it back from LA....Now back on the road again for San Francisco's Pride parade :)
I've already lost some and it still hurts.
Why is everyone's global regents on school tool except mine?
Laker fans really don't want my nigga Melo lmaooo it's good my nigga Finna go to Chiraq anyways
I hate it when my brother get the remote..
US GOAL IN FIRST MINUTE! THERES HOPE!
Harder it is to stop then it is to start.
This Finals reminds me of Jags\/Dolphins 62-7 :\/
Bartender- Hey where you going?\nMe- Home\nBartender- You can't go home with a beer\nMe- I don't have a beer\nBartender- Now you do\n
Nice Header Natalie! Kept the play moving forward!
Who wants to cone over and not be lame
Having a break between jobs means you can unsubscribe
Prince Boateng and Essien on bench tho? Lol
I wish I was in CT just a lil bit longer.
Tbh, I've always wanted to try a crabby patty
These niggas stay getting caught up
Just saw last episode of - it just got real! I didn't think they could bring jack Bauer to do anything more..
Yoooo deez niggas crazyyyyy. He made him cry tears of blood holy fuck
!!!!! RT : Ppl who act like the shit on the internet but really are a piece of shit in person lol, why do it to yourself?
The fact that I've memorized 's fashion lineup in has me so proud haha
I have lost all feeling in my butt cheeks
I hope niggas aint out here eating ass over pussy
Imagine if Melo left and the Knicks won the championship next season lmao
I just taught our two-year-old to do a two-finger scroll.
ema cre k me voy a meter a maricon pork tenqo ma mujere k cuaarto en el pantalon
every single plan I make gets canceled. not even joking
Chance for Aron now. Be the hero
Quit being a little bitch and cuddle me down already, fuck!
Why am i up at 7:11 on a no school day wtf
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say but nothin comes out when they move they lips, just a buncha gibberish.
Don't underestimate me, I know more that what I say, think more than speak and hear and notice more than you realize.
I was the first person to throw up at my own party. Okay. Bye!
The hardest tests in life is the patience to wait for the right moment.
Bhang Bhang ! RT : Chocolate Droppa is in the STUDIO BITTTCCCHHEEESSSS.....
Why do neither of you text me back
brushing my teeth w baking soda was nasty but I have white teeth rn so thts a plus
I could've waited till three but no 5SOS will be on at 2!
Great victory for Justine Rose.
I hate to see leave because of their opponent's better acting instead of better playing \n\n
You are a whisper in a loud room, I must learn to recognize your voice. #
You rooting for Kofi Kingston in this ladder match, ?
watchin mulan &amp; eatin chocolate
The sad part is I tell everyone I hate you, but I cannot hate someone who I'm in love with
some nights i wanna be 25 and living in new york with my own law firm other nights i want to be 11 where my biggest worry is my nintendog
\": BREAKING: Supreme Court says employers with religious objections can refuse to pay for contraception.\" so please shut up now
Literally made a video for every moment of the day. He definitely deserves this
This Dal Colle story is something else. WOW.
Can there please be a 20minute water break
Fourth plans always change on me :\/
Wish I had a tv on my porch
Hey you should totally write a song on your next album about Bo and Tate.
People around you should really have nothing to say
I wanna sign myself out of the casino
Lovin this daily routine lately..feel more alive then sleeping my day away waiting for class in the winter fall and spring
To God belongs everything in the heavens and the earth. (2:284)
I'm so sick of studying
Like if you wear a baseball tee. You're already perfect in my eyes.
I couldn't marry anybody more than 5-7 years older than me.
Ikea waits for No Congress--&gt;Ikea is raising its average minimum wage for American employees to $10.76 per hour, a 17 percent increase.
I just showed Jule a video of a panda bear and she goes \"oh my god! Polar bears are so cute!\"
Finally! A hurricane named after me!
It's amazing how many people ignore you but when you see them somewhere they act like your best friend corny ass dudes
I'm deleting everyone's number anyone who actually wants to talk to me can text me and I'll save it..meeeeooooowwwww
We have a good line up! Lets go boys!!!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE EE.UU PORTUGAL 1 EE.UU 1 QUE GOLAZO!!!
fainting is the scariest thing
ghanna has fast ass players dont calling a one sided game just yet.
Off to the Giants game wheels natch
K fuck it just gonna try an go to bed. HA
If you ever had a lip piercing I Thot you were ratchet ASF
Keily boutta get cursed out
June swoon. Good riddance. Let's luck some July ass.
Lol my uber driver took me to the donut shop on the way back from the gym. Is that bad?
I remember one time in Randolph I went in with a solid red tee &amp; jiggas made me change into a deans shirt. Do I look like a gangbanger bro?
Mad bored who's tryna do some shit..
i dont know why i tweeted that
Only chopsticks I don't ever use a fork, go for it little dork dontcha know I'm dat, dudeee
Anyone have any good movie recommendations ?
\"La tension hace que tus musculos se tensionen\" y otras frases de los locutores de univision
The very best part of the day has arrived. The time when I am able to and !
Lmao don't you just love when girls play the innocent card
Staying up till 630 so I can invest in stocks. .. Damn you earlier Eastern time!!!
Lmaoo idk why people stress over others ignorance. I shrug that off because I rly don't expect much from anyone anymore
Not my battle to fight, but your 1 &amp; 2 years older, and your tearing this girl apart. Pick on someone your own size, leave the girl alone...
Need to find friends with actual homes lol
My driving skills are pushed to the limit here...Fearless J walkers, suicidal bike riders, and worse of them all pissed off New York Drivers
I feel like the U.S goes into a shell after they score it scares me
If you're not tweeted about the game then gtfo
JAJAJAJA, Lo Que Me Dice Ese Chacho!
Laundry, shower, clean Pebbles' tank, Watch Germany kick ass, and work 4-10:30... Happy 4th to me
I don't care if it's Team USA, Soccer is &amp; will always be weak &amp; boring as hell. Gimme a damn Football or a Hockey Stick, jeez.
us goalie already has like 3 saves
Just heard 7 Viagra pills are sold every second ....
No lie this weekend was tough, body might be hella sore but it was a great experience out there.
Excuse my language but people need to start owning up to their own shit.
eating all the pasta w\/
I think it would be weird to be mad @ jayla cause I've never been mad at her
Me and the nieces are really up at 1:38 a.m watching PLL reruns!!!! Good times!
I hate when ppl hate on different countries. Bro, best way to love your own country is to respect others.
\": Do you ever look at yourself in the mirror &amp; think damn I'm hot?\" Nope
Got my SAT scores back! Not bad for the first time, really not bad.
Come join us in MOntauk $3 PBR
Please don't like him. He don't wife 'em. He one nights 'em. I never listen though. I should've figured though.
I can't even sleep cus I'm in so much pain , I want to cry right now
Older Derek waaay hotter than younger Derek
Alguien me pude explicar para que carajo sirve un toque?
Remember after I quit &amp; said I didn't wanna go right back in2 the rest biz? It's not the same if it's on tv, right?
You still figuring shit out? You graduated HS 6 years ago.... but that's none of my business.
This dude wants to play Brutal Legend with me. Really, bro? I haven't played that since I platinumed it 6 years ago lol
Gonna be posting broid lg 13 video in a little while
I guess I've always felt that it was a given
FUCK YOU RONALDO
The most confusing part about this Kermit trend to me is how are there all these pics of him doin the most random shit
No like I fucking love my car.
Just saw a dude swipe his phone with his nose.
I guess it's cool that my car sounds like it's going to blow up
So weird being off of work this early. All I did was some menu training aaaand now I'm home
Today is going to be one of the least productive days in history. 2 games at noon followed by . Let's go!
Shit grils\/slacks will declare a guy as gay if he doesn't acknowledge their 'beauty' as a means of boosting self esteem \/ e go
Im trying to do the practice regents but cant concentrate ... What do i do now?!
Its time for kanye west to have a kanye rest
If your butt was the sun I would go blind from staring at it so much
Dumb and dumber is still one of the funniest movies
Just be straight up with me and stop sugar coating shit.
fool\/full a human who thinks he knows enough to get through life otherwise known ass athletes &amp; friends
I meant what I said, but I shouldn't have said it!
Oh, is turnip not a thing yet?... Wait for it
WHY THE HELL IS THERE CHEESE IN THE OVEN?!
Going absolutely fucking insane rn cause of this itching
Why my nephew wants his nails painted.. No idea
im a sucker for affection , i should have never showed you that .
she gets Her Way, either way.
Ok I've become so bored here at the big w I'm even doing binaries .. Everyone's raving about IG platform but laughing at cost of contract !
Merica! Nobody had faith in the U.S.
I just heard a cat meow...I don't have a cat
Stiles can literally do whatever he wants to me
Cut up feet, sore right arm and calfs..all signs of a great weekend of
Wish I could be with my dad rn
Go to look up videos and realizing I've watched every single Thierry Henry video on youtube
Only negative thing about not ever going out:your sister asks you to watch her dog some nights because she has plans.
I wonder how many people Cameron would be following right now if he only followed magcon fan accounts
SO excited for warped tour and mayhem coming up!!
Ain't nothing like chilling on the roof
I need to leave. I love my parents but being home is literally sooo painful. College some sooner.
True life : my boyfriend is fed up with my weight , damn
Only guy other than my pops to beat me when I was younger
Thx 2 all who understand that in sports TV we're not doing Tolstoy's \"War and Peace\". I try to have fun when I can in this serious world.
Just got the call from Bridge to Pros sports Agency it's Official
Got a bad bitch shes a masterpiece !
Treat thots the complete opposite of nobly
WOWOWOWOWOWOW GOLASOOOOOO GOLASOOOOOO USAAAAA
MY BABY BEYONCE DESERVES TO WIN IT ALL
So my report card came in....
\": I feel like a douchebag rn\"\nYeah BC you won't post afro selfies
Looking for an API service (not product) I can push timeseries metrics to. Good to have: charting\/exports. Nice: rollup\/expiration
YOUR NETWORK IS YOUR NET-WORTH, lets take action. Motion creates Emotion, lead from the Front\".
I want to get out of the house but I don't want to get out of the house
Just made my 8th and 9th loaf of chocolate bread from since my got going. Ridiculously good.
was wondering y ur tweets r so annoying then i found out ur like 12 so
They can all listen in. I wrote the book in the game.
Why can't I sleep at night!? I walk around like a zombie half the day and I'm wide awake at night.. :\/
That Shits not gonna help you in court.. ugh why are you so dumb? And selfish. . Like ugh
Goallllllllll my goodness.
y do i follow cameron dallas
AVISO:\n\nTo avisando hein to com SAUDADES do hein..\n\nSera q alguen + tb ta com saudades do alvinegro TODO PODEROSO?
Taste the Murica
Working with my doc to adjust my estrogen levels and my insulin needs are up. Is this right?
So Lebron gonna stay on the bench &amp; not take the ass whoopin like his team is? Wow he really gave up on em, this is exactly why I diss him
I have so many followers I wanna meet one day
Yo if explore shows me one more picture from someone I don't follow on purpose cause I don't wanna see their pictures me and IG are wrecking
Vamos , aguante. Nosotros todavia no hemos jugado, asi que no hay nada que celebrar aun. Espero nos veamos el Sabado!
Man, I wish I had cool eyes ha
Life is beautiful, but you don't have a clue
Eh tratado de darte de mi lo mejor
I've been packing for 4 hours and I'm only going away for the weekend..
Lol I'm sorry am I seeing subs?
Welp, this went to hell pretty quickly.
It's over. Imagine the kind of pressure that goalie is feeling right now.
Why do you meet someone in your life that makes you so unhappy there has to be a better way when you're really a Good person
Dique talk! \": I miss the friend that used to just come park the car and we would talk about life or nothing for like 2hours..\"
The Spurs are a fucking MACHINE
I should probably think before I speak. But where's the fun in that?!
Jcole started out on music matters, she gonna reach the top.
Mom wouldn't let me go to bed until we sang happy birthday to the dog and she made him a goddamm meatloaf cake
Took a tough 50 ? US trivia quiz: got \"true patriot\" w\/ 98%\nLOLZ LOLZ\n\n-Kids pay attn in school &amp; you can out \"America\" Republicans-
I would be the only to talk to the cracked out hobo lmao
Say what????????? Dont fuck wit baby we putchu on son! Haaaaaaaann!!!!! !!!!
No school like the old school
Ghana is pissing me off. Theyre a bunch of goons
Can't get last night out of my head.
Joe isn't getting any rides ever again if he doesn't take back that contact with those West side dick heads.
I'm so tired of walking on eggshells all the time. I'm not sure it's worth it anymore
My poem \"Gay Vikings in Love\" is in the July-August 2014 issue of the Gay &amp; Lesbian Review Worldwide. Get a copy. Enjoy.
Pretty sad I dismissed the ad I just got on , pretty sure Citibank just said my best friend was a dog.
Djokovic is through to the final!
Also there's a couple giveaways for test presses, one on our fb and one on tumblr in case you missed it
Back on the road to riches
I'm just gonna wake up early for my daily dose of disappointment. Thank you DOJ.
Honestly horrorpops are the shit, I missed listening to them
Making love out nothing ah all
So everybody going to the fair?
Mention RT \": It all started with a DM..\"
I could really use a Buster Bluth or equivalent at the moment (minus the oedipus stuff), i.e. I need help reaching the zipper on this dress
Nope I'm down with bobby he lost a friend
Just leave me here to die
There's an outlet behind my dresser and that's a problem cause it's going to waste
You get focused on something and you deal with people who do dumb shit but they still like you...bullshit, show me.
I need a good book to read during the roadtrip someone help a sista out
I just guessed Timmy's season ERA during his first no hitter when Sam asked me... 4.26... I literally bullshitted that...
Downloading trickster cause I'm such a nerd lol.
I'm so tired...taking 3 hours math related class after the lack of sleep is like a night mare
In the spring, even people are kind of likeable
Fuck nigga that's that shit I don't like
I hog Chris's bed and blankets so bad hahaha I feel bad that he has to lay in bed with me
Well leave it up to me to eat almonds when I'm allergic to all nuts possible...
when the lights, go down, in the city...
Mexicos got that shit on lockdown
Am I weird because I don't find baseball pants attractive...?
I don't make a very good impression on here well
The music has a savage energy
Viviendo en esta casa es un lio y no me dejan ni dormir =(
Holy crap, Comcast is full of fail tonight. Internet is stuttering like Max Headroom.
Lmao why jayz not in khaled video...what he don't live em no more
Got to kill the convo when a bitch dry lmao
My family calls me Queen G now and I can't say that I'm too upset about it
Not gonna doubt that. RT\": guys I make the best vegetarian taco dip ever\"
Life is so good right now expect, I'm going to have to say bye to those who I really care about that are graduating &amp; leaving for college
I finally got my Red Dragon book :P
I have to postpone my shower so I can watch the Ghana vs USA game
I've gotten better in choosing the pictures I post on Instagram Or people just automatically like whatever I post now Either way it's a win
I cannot throw a get together with these nails .
Wow! Way to go Costa Rica!
Can't wait Til Ecuador plays on Wednesday!
Welp ya win some ya lose some boys, dont beat yourselves up about it take it easy
Using the gym to let everything out, but I feel like I need another vice!
Got pulled over with missa
Missing the cast &amp; crew of at the terribly today!
My dad just called me and asked if i was going to a lake party meaning coors I'm deadd lmfaoo
I bet Forreal's Hat carries the Fountain of Youth
Acting 16 when in a relationship, then acting 12 when not. Give me a break. Ignoring me is childish.
but that's kinda what i want
my sister has this weird tendency to match w me. lol pls gtfo
I'm just going to move to Peru and make a living weaving necklaces out shells an iguana poop.
Costa Rica in the quarter finals wow
little girl lost in the middle of sports authority parking lot and I bring her inside and her family could have cared less..k you're welcome
It don't make sense going to heaven with the goody goodies
Celebrating the 4th in the most patriotic way possible: watching The West Wing in front of an A\/C.
NFL got Chris Berman NBA got Ernie Johnson
Sacrificed so much mind, body &amp; everything
Ask myself this every other day fams RT : i thought we got passed dominicans being unfaithful dog how old are we?
I wish I could sleep in past 10 tomorrow morning but can't.
God a fuckin wakeboard! So excited
Going for my first run... If I don't tweet in an hour send help
What goes around comes around ...karma is a bitch
I'm drinking Tropical Punch Kool-Aid Jammers.\n
So apparently, I was shouting for my roommates name when I was a sleep last night.
Waiting for the records lady to be done gossiping about someone's divorce so that I can pick up my diploma :-)
Just watch a drug deal in the mall
Damn 30 seconds in and a goal
you can FIFA my World Cup
Who would've thought I would've failed at this many things in just one year
i just had to wake up and do macies makeup when i could have woken up in an hour
ESPN commentators just bore me
My body needs a rest, not bc I've pushed it but bc I seriously get no sleep.
It's hard to take Mariana seriously.. Even when she's saying some RNS she writes like a two-year-old lmaoooo
Game Of Thrones is fucked up, man.
Guy (clearly drunk) kept drifting in and out of my lane, as I drove my family home &amp; I had a brief fantasy of him hanging in the town square
why would you purposely buy orange juice with pulp in it, why would you do that to yourself
Tryna figure out when they gonna put STEPHANIE H. in twitter jail!
My manager is awesome. He gave me half of the tip money left on the tables and said it was for always being dependable and helpful. :)
They make disneyland so expensive tho, disney I wanna give you money by buying dumb shit and delicious food, lower your tix prices
Wish I could flip a switch and go back to my happy and lively self
tried using my tongue to lick up toothpaste drool that dripped onto my chest but that didn't work now toothpaste drool is on my belly too
mohammad weighs less than I
I need a new penny board.
can't wait to get this next tat drawn up
I definitely not a big soccer fan, but that goal was awesome!
With those Seeds of sacrifice God is going to give you a harvest
Have had a head ache since 4 ..... Go away!!!!!!!!!!
Never seen a tweet so real in my life
Is it Thursday yet?
Brunch: \"only the whites please, the yolks aren't healthy.\"\nDinner: *has chipotle*\nDessert: *has entire tub of ice cream and seven beers*
Niggas facing 18 racks out here
im gonna have fun with friends today
I just wanna coma for a day or two
Refuse to be around you snakes
my problem is that i'm too damn nice
\"I really enjoyed your 'Celebrate diversity' poster with all those thin people on it.\"
ahahaha Dan noticed that I want a different pet every day damn
my sister just sent me a picture of her tattoo as it's getting done and it gave me realllllly bad tattoo fever!
Este verano me decidi portal MAL :) muy muy MAL hahahahaha lmao
I find it hilarious how and are famous for no reason. Only thing they both have in common are their sex tapes!
I messed up on that tweet three times
I don't even need to be sitting here charging my phone, fuck this shit I'm going to walk on the beach. IM OUT.
whoever just followed me made my heart melt a little bit.
Omg Manu ain't having it
But when I crack.... I crack hard. Haha and i'll do, say, or feel something stupid.
....Oh goddamnit. What'd you do this time, America?
United Gotdamn States of Fucking America bro!
Just realized that the 4th of July is next week
The people who named the towns in Suffolk had to be drunk when they did it
Damn alright well game over
Is it really that fucking hard to admit it
I feel like I was mauled by Jesus
ALRIGHT ILL FUCKING TAKE IT
\"been up awake\" wow ya i can't even tweet straight goodbye
Ugh, there's grease stains on the face. I can't get them out. \n\n...Hopefully no one notices.
Oh how the mighty fall, the mighty fall, the mighty fall in love
Messi is still a God!
Sick of feeling like I'm gonna get sick..
Where is Bey Legion getting these photos from???????????????
semiadult woman watching her first episodes of the wonder years at 24
Boy, vintage cars were really popular back then.
Looks like next month I'll be moving to Austin.
100 you hella turned me around
. Again whom are you to dictate what constitutes a \"real problem\" in NDN country?
This rejjie snow sound so dope rn
IM SHAKING SO HARD I CANNOT SPEAKS
I'm so dumb. Like I can't buy slacks during my break tomorrow.
She said da fuckkkkkk???? Lmfao hahahaha no yo kiero ser como esa maii ! La unica !
Following 's Disney adventure is fun, but it reeeeally makes being at work hard.
girls are making best new music (TuNe-YaRdS, Beach House, etc) but fuck St. Vincent
Yup. RT: : They'll laugh now but they will be copying you later..
Also, 12 hours until I get my Mac book...
I hope Camilla gets a photo session at sac anime
I just spend my life with little kids between being a pirate and the amount of babysitting jobs I have
Team Suck Dick All Day
wtf is wrong with my body rn
People on Facebook are just lame
Tim Howard everyone
he's being so annoying as of 12:58 AM
Ooh my God
Ain't nobody celebrating Mexico out here in New York. LOL
Realized this morning that The Declaration of Independence is basically a listicle.
Everything was great about except the directing.
We were supposed to die in 2012, why didn't we?????????
\": Make lots of noise, kiss lots of boys.\" Life motto
Okay I understand the stereotype against white people but put me next to anyone of any ethnicity and I can dance just as good if not better
I want people to just shut the fuck up.
When you realize you have 12 hours until you have to get up for camp again
Cause at the end of the day people are only looking out for themselves yo.
\"Ha kumna matada with my feet up sipping java\"
It's only 12:30 here on the W coast bitchezzz
Having a bacon sandwich for dinner was easily one of the best decisions I have made in awhile
I been tellin y'all I was a catfish \nBut nobody wanna believe me smh \nY'all stupid
I dislike Andi the same amount I dislike Juan Pablo.. Whoops I went there
I'll b like ur medicine. .. Jus take every dose of me
I been through a lot of shit seen a lot of shit
I thought Nellz was talking about Bria tweet lemme mind my business
grades dont measure intelligence \nand age doesnt define maturity.
Remember the Titans is hands down one of my favorite movies
Someone hang out with Megan and i
\": A full show, damn i hate to call in...\" Trust me she wouldn't mind Lol!
I have no idea what I would do without a TV in my room
regrets regrets regrets ((::
Nope. No. Nonono. NONO. NOOOOOOOOO. NO. FUCK NO. FUCKING A NO. Nope Nnoppity nope nope nope. Uh-uh. Fuck. NOOOOO. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK NO.
There's a reason plays last at every festival. It's to hear 80K ppl chanting Ohh-Oh-AHH-Oh-Ow-Owww-Ooooooh
If she pretty and got a man I want her
Had 3 people over for my boyfriends birthday last night. I started cleaning at 1:00, and I'm still cleaning.
What idiot repeatedly texts me asking questions when they've blocked my number?
In the middle of the fucking deep ass lake
OK I'm sold on Joel Campbell now. Cannot wait to see him play for next season.
Depends on the weather if I wear white or black
I invite you to let all your negative thoughts go
Guess they don't make em quite like me no more
RX said run in under armor, no regular t shirts this will stop the chafing. Their tight Tight to chest
Dean Ambrose with the best promo of the night.
You're An Ass Hole And I Don't Like You . \nThat's The End Of That . (:
All of a sudden everybody knows soccer lol
Que ignorancia decir que lo del Pocho a Sabella fue una falta de respeto, dense cuenta del ambiente de confianza que existe en el plantel
Someone be my pal and make plans with me tonight
On top of that makes my night worse.
My Instagram unfollows people &amp; my twitter follows random people LOL okay.
You're important. But you're replaceable. Don't forget that.
life hack: don't wear a bucket hat ever
Excuse me, do you mind not existing? \nGracias
I don't care how old I get, rolling down a grass hill will forever be fun
I can't even sleep cus I'm in so much pain , I want to cry now
Taking things one at a time.
I really need to hit the beach
Shoutout to my manager !!
Spanish chicks are so dope. They don't even want you to step foot in the kitchen until the food is done and your plate is ready.
Ummm did I really just see Kim's nipple on Instagram
Ronaldo ain't crap
\": Sitting here wondering how I will survive without chef nick next year\" TRU
can't wait to sleep in my bed &amp; not be awoken at 5 am by Colin beating me
I think Twitter has been really great for increasing feigned knowledge about the Supreme Court.
Come ON, America. I have a bajillion channels, , , and and NONE of them have Independence Day.
When girls laugh loud because guys are around. Stop it and slap yourself.
Picture this we were both butt naked banging on the bathroom floor
This gathering is they have patron
DEMSEY FOR PRESIDENT
If you post a picture of fireworks today, do you even love America?
When says she's not a fan...
Kinda like being on my own
Actually two cause chicharito scored a goal
My dad gets me through everythinggg
somebody run me over with a cat
Exactly 12 days, 12 hours, 11 minutes and a few seconds until I can see Parkway Drive for the first time
Just knowing I passed everything I'm gonna be a senior next year I'm starting my job soon makes me feel so much more successful I can't wait
So which pagan celebration is the 4th of July derived from again?
My hearts in my throat. Somethings gotta fall.
I don't recall winter days going by this fast.
The dude next to me has the nastiest feet ever. I feel bad for the lady doing his feet.
there is an opposite site of this achievement - I need a new source of extreme. what could it be?
Damn right through his legs
I have no idea where I am rn lol
I wish high school can be the way it is in grease
I was just trying to explain to my mom what Silicon Valley was and she responded with... \"So that's where the boobs get done?\"
Seeing \"1' Dempsey\" on the screen is so damn cool.
Had a talk I should of spoke up
I've never really feared fainting before but 30 minutes in the subway car with broken air had me pretty nervous.
Derek Dorsett is set to earn $1.633 million this year. Still, by dealing him, have $23.307 in cap space.
I've been listening to just loose it for the last hour .
I really wanna be on American ninja warrior
It grinds my gears when you strike up a convo then after like 1 back and forth they don't reply but uk they read it but they ignore u
TEXT THIS NUMBER UR @\nAND ILL DM YOU TO MATT\n\n562 222 9025
Lauren c'est chaud comme elle a pas envie d'aller sur le tour de Austin Mahone je chiale.
Just Give Me a Reason (&amp; Ruess) on If our rights are protected early &amp; often we are not broken &amp; can learn to love again.
I don't even know how I'm still able to bathe my 3 year old. This belly is out of control.
Bring in Wondolowskiiii
Para la wea po arbitro rectm!
Heart tomato and grilled cheese. Remedy for strep throat.
That moment your manager sends you an encouraging message to take action, \"Hulk smash.\"
I hope Brock Lesnar returns tonight
The evil monsters in space jam&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Really just drinking by myself lol. Oh well.
My brothers like \"Why won't you let my gf follow you on twitter\" I SAID NO DAMNIT
People know so much about basketball when the finals roll around.
Sleep issues are cool. I guess
I wanna live the high life.
Yo he's like 40
it's cold as fuck and I'm the farthest away from the fire
Tequila Chito's is goddamn delicious
Fav for an honest dm aha
Guess I'll just go to the gym
it must be Christmas in Australia! Cards been handing out!
Nothing on \"is off the table\" says . President weighing options says
Yoooooo shut up
Just me who does not Find girls in football tops attractive
Asshole watch urself. U think u know the game but u don't. U wanna run ur mouth to an ex yet I get told.
\"Love yourself and don't give a shit about anyone else\" - Momma Gjonbalaj
Knee surgery? Black folks always got some shit going on
Pedicures might be my favorite thing ever
it's so refreshing to actually talk to new people.
Fastest goal I've ever seen!!!
Can't even get best friends on Snapchat
I know who I want but they playing games mane.
Ok my phone is done spazzing
Damn that was a bomb on that 97 mph fastball
So if your in love you are the lucky one
People with no standards annoy me like ok wtf lol
The love is ours so we should make it
so this morning, i get out of the hotel room; and there's like 70 fucking cockroaches flying around just attacking this kid
Double-dipping your pita chip into the hummus.
Royals F5 cash +115 2x\nReds F5 cash even cash 2x\nNationals F5 +105 cash 2x \n\nWith 1 more + money side to go
The teeth on this show are absolutely disgusting.
Uber for baby sitting -- ranks by age expertise, language, cooking, cleaning, and education (beware surge pricing on Th-Sat nights)
Dinner consisted of two meatballs and Doritos.
You ol' \"can I get yo Kik\" ass niggas
Tengo ganas de andar en bici, pero no solo
jacob thinks im lame thats why he never tweets me back
Cena's unbeatable, so why try? Keep putting him in matches where he can lose the belt without getting pinned.
I wanna go to a rave and see what the hype is about
Ronaldo's face @ 72
I just want to be drunk and go night swimming, why is that so hard to accomplish
I'll drink to a country song, to another long work week gone
Weeaboos on my dash. Weeaboos on my facebook.
Goal!! is on the boards. Apps are great, but nothing quite like ESPN Radio for World Cup.
please cameron you're my lifesaver
I wanna go wash my hair but I'm afraid to move from in front the tv
Dude it's a 10 percent well be right
I was awakened by the sound of the rain from that thunderstorm... :]
GOOOALLLLLLLLL part deux
Last night I watched the genesis \/lady jaye movie, the bbc doc on kraut rock, and some bootleg VHS of a coil an test dept vid. With a dude.
It's hard not to think about shit at night
I don't get how people can say soccer isn't interesting to watch.
You make your own choices as an adult
YO I AM NOT MISSING THAT SAN FRANCISCO SHOW
Watching soccer players flop&lt;
You should be stronger than me ....
Let's go Spurs!!
It's summer why y'all in the crib ?
Let me explain. They take up way more than one seat so I can't lift my arms, and have to keep them like squeezed against me while doing work
Its gonna be a long fuckin day!! Happy bday 'merica!!
working hard to play hard in few weeks, cant wait
My mom brought me Taco Bell nachos holyyyy
\"You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love.\" -Jim Carrey
A FUCKING MERICA JERMAINE JONES
El primer paso es disponerse a hacer lo que haya que hacer, para cumplir ese objetivo.
I bet DB has never seen a broadway performance lol shit
Sweet. 3005 by Childish Gambino () is on .. but why so late at night. Hope this means they will play it a lot now.
Guys, quick--how do you round down \"I have no idea\"? (My date just asked my sex number)
talk about taking things for granted..
I wish I could go to the gym tomorrow
Alex's games feel like they take forever sometimes
All of these penalties have been good. Campbell looks shaky tho...
Everyone tells me what to do too
You're shakin that money maker like heartbreaker, like a college major.
I hate the new HR Derby format it made no sense to change it
moi jpx pas grail dvnd mon gars pardon , juste grignotter genre des glaces et tt mais les snackset les mcdos c'est mooooooort
I Like smoking out peolpe for their first time because some of them freak out lmao
Que lindo, vamos a ver PLL
So Lauryn Hill is playing a show in Brooklyn but don't nobody have time to go from Manhattan to out of state.
I wonder what Hillary Duff is up to these days...
gdi i do not want to be here
\": I have a pain on my ribs\" Oh no.. someone is eating her ribs!
I would have best myself up
If you have a big ass &amp; you don't kno how to dance or just sucks in bed ... there's a problem.
The soft\nIs the enemy of the hard\nEffeminate men are witty\nMacho men are duller than death\nThe jester steals the scene\nKeeps it in a peacoat
I'm the same ol' vinndidle money only change what I can do, not how I come upon things
I wish I could just be completely DONE
how are you finding that tweet lol
I feel bad for the people who never go crazy
I aint even mad at ya... I guess.
I'm in the fashion nigga John the Baptist
like today, she said I shouldn't get my ears pierced because my wisdom tooth hurts
Only a dirty bitch would fart in a nigga face like that.... u can eat my box.. I'll never fart in your face boo
I am sick. And this disease will win.
Your relationship goals shouldn't have nothing to do with ass &amp; pizza. Being success together &amp; making each other better, those are goals.
If only I would've listened to her 2 years later then my entire life may be different. But we are dumb when we think were in love.
The mosquitos in Mexico are never chillin
Ahhhh shit fucks are all gone.. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Finally allowed to shower today since surgery..this should be interesting
I don't lose people , people lose me ..
Compared to him every other nigga is lame af and not worth my time.
Could not care less about soccer but these penalty kicks are gonna be cool
I hate having shitty sad songs stuck in my head.
Fuck!! is finished! The is playing with pride, arrogance and self-belief. seem to be ready to head home.
Baby you might wanna close your eyes for this
A coworker called me \"the quiet one\" today. There's a first for everything....
GUYS TEEN TOOOOOP DO YALL KNOW HOW MUCH IM CRYING RIGHT NOW
Sitting out chillin on my porch and all I want is a beer
Your boat shoes have made it easier to imagine what hell might smell like.
\": In the relationship a will spoil the right person like a prince or princess.\" Yup !!
Some of y'all's so buff y'all's walk weird tbh
Wave those flags high in the air, as long as it takes place over there
There should be a new rule \"every time someone takes an awkward sigh\" id be six feet under.
PUT ANOTHA SHRIMP ON THE BARBAYYYY
Im no fool i know $ cant buy me love
If you wanted some of the soup I just made (enough for about 10 servings) forget it, we ate it all.
Look at tht the person who planned Benguzi was realised from gitmo after 5 years
Havin a title don't make it real
Sleeping in doesnt work when you habe to wake up so early for work
I need to step thins up or I'm not gunna reach my goals by junior year
Let's use this momentum and score another
spent 4 hours in soho and still feel like I could stay here longer
Number of times I dropped my phone in the sand &gt; amount I could care.
i was so convinced i was going to fail global omg. dios mio yas.
Take Care is prob my fave album
Judy -\"I always wear yoga clothes\" \nJames -\"I always wear soccer clothes\" \nJudy - \"yea, that's why we get along most of the time...\"
Going to Brooklyn NY for dinner on this gorgeous night..!
El DR de les recuerda a sus jugadores que hay un logos que lo rige todo
Dempsey got kicked in the face
Taking my ass to the Gay Pride parade this yearrrrrr
Portugal is the Miami heat in soccer
Dont Let My Actions Mislead You ` I Fucks With You But I Dont Need You !
Have to get rid of the cheetah print on my hair for corporate :( fuck u society
Ima forgive but i won't forget ill just dead the issue.
my legs are so sore
Hate when bitches try to put you in the friend zone, bitch I'm tryna score put me in the end zone
Its been so hard quitting... the crave is enormous...
Sipping suds on a roof top bar in NYC
Learn to not expect anything from anyone.
Need a bank that accepts the shady grey ATM
but i used to do that to him all the time har de har har
Rinaldo is quick on the trigger with these offsides...... ;)
People that weren't in high school when I graduated are graduating tomorrow. Fuck fuck fuck fuck
Dwyane Wade really showing his greatness right now
I have a bunch of pics with kadreyna this summer but none with jade she's a ghost
You win some, you lose some.
I really hope Klinsman says fuck it and goes for the W. Related: I have USA and the over.
Jermaine Jones what a goal!
Who wants that first scoop next week
I don't think terra is dead
can already tell this summer's gonna be bangin
jacob geier didn't follow me back wtf
I need a girl to come home to after a long day of cheating !
Doge 2016: such president - so platform - wow
It's always great to see messi score.
Is she a canima?!?!???\n\nIs the canima back?!?!? \n\nFUCK
DIABLOO Look At That Butt! in that Sundress
What's the point trying if I already know the outcome of this smhh
\": Go home Ronaldo, you're drunk\"
Congrats to and the Kendall Class of 2014. Make sure your diploma is in the folder!
I want a pet elephant when I'm rich
Headed back to Ohio today. :)
Sundays are chill but too chill cuz all we do is eat if it ain't busy omg
Deff pulled my quad...this is why I don't sport anymore... Lol
Don't judge a book by it's cover
IM THINKING ABOUT POSSIBLY MOVING TO HOUSTON TEXAS AT END OF NEXT YEAR
Sooooo would it be bad if I unfollowed you or
The Sims was my shit back in the day
I call that suiciiiiiiide \nPortable pussys miiiiine\nI'm white on my mommas siiiiide\nWhite pussys mighty fiiiiiiiiine
There is absolutely nothing wrong with not liking some old people.
Where is a good Brazilian bar in SF to watch the World Cup? Help please..
YO FUCK THIS CITY FUCK THE WEATHER I HATE MY LIFE!
dempsey god damn
Top 5 NBA players ever begins with Lebron and ends with Lebron
I saw Lily Aldridge today in my neighborhood. What a pretty mom
Idk why people go out without money smh if you don't got money , stay in the house
Blame the couch
You don't just get trust, you have to earn it.
Anyone knows if bga already sent our final transcript to college yet?
Waking up remembering your broke is a pretty shitty feeling
why are guys so annoying....someone explain this
Do it for your mind, body, &amp; soul
Finally!!! Nice 30 yard goal jones
LeBron is gonna have to be historic tonight.
This kid in a Nissan gtr lost to a 8500 diesel truck , yes its twin turboed and built ... But 8500 pounds your in daddy's gtr chilll.
I don't expect a lot. I just expect the things that mean the most.
Gonobili just took a fat shit on bosh's face.
I need someone to be gay with
it's crazy how much a person has to say about you once you stop fucking with them.
Is every book a national best seller these days?
I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.
So mrs gitz said we can email her on tuesday for our grades .. its tuesday
\": Gine get me a lil man soon tho.\" I feel I pon tha vibe to fam
how am i the liar????? LMFAO how bitch how ?
I hate New York City but there are so many hot guys here
Hahahaha starting of the game my sis is like how 'we don't be seeing all this at home'
Twitter is somewhat working right now. This makes me happy.
Going out looking like a ratchet &amp;&amp; I don't care
I think the paper bag that 7 eleven taquitos come in is closer to being foodstuff than the taquitos
GOAL 30 seconds into game
Guess who works today, yup this guy right here...
Backyard ski sesh to bonfire, I can deal
They better hope I don't have sleep paralysis again once I'm in that world I'm fuckin all y'all up
\"I like peeing outside... Its like im saying hi to nature\"
Just choked so bad in my sleep
Lionel is making a Messi of Bosnia.
Me: I love hot dogs, they're my favorite. \nDad: You love everything, everything is your favorite when you're hungry.\nMe: Fuck, you're right.
En serio como Selena Gomez vuelva con Justin definitivamente ... me voy a plantear dejar de ser selenator y todo por culpa del imbecil ese
\": bitch are you calling or not\"not yet Dike
Fuck dude, since when was LeBron playing for the
See me walkin with a limp, das' my gun walk
DJ Khaled is on a different level of corny.
3 day weekend since god knows when. Very rare for retailee's
Going to a 90 year olds birthday party who doesn't even know it's her birthday. Or what day it is. Or who she is.
Aug 9- 23.... Just in case anyone wants to know
Wait... I have to work till 3? Oh boy
I've been craving so so much it's not even funny
Guys need to learn to cook things their partners like. They will love forever. Or at least till dinner is over.
Tomorrow commercial shoot 530am call time... Zzzzzzz
In your presence... the anointing breaks the yoke \n
Gotta make a good exit out of LP tomorrow
Fuck it *deletes from life* *struggles* *possibly fails*
If u aspire to have a \"bae\" you are childish
I vent when I get upset. Sometimes I need my space. Sometimes I'm hard to understand. Sometimes I don't know what I want.
why are people afraid of bugs? they r just small lil animals that like to visit u sometimes
When telling my best friend I've been single for a month, his immediate response was \"Baileys back?!\" Yes Daen, yes she is.
Let's see how long this convo lasts
Top 3 Best SG Of All Time \"1.MJ 2.Kobe &amp; 3.Wade.\"
Here we be \nBack on the mat\nPlaying emotional twister\nOur hearts tied up in knots\nall the while\nfooling all\nwith tangled up smiles\n
I can't wait to start making this video !!!!
Can't be home this early so bored
Watch tomorrow johnny will be rooting for Germany or some shit
Duke Pukem on your lasagna.
\": im tryna get freaky, all day, all night, hit it, just right.\"
My car motivates me to try to be skinny and better looking
I be laughing to the bank like the fuckin' money tickles
Pretty mad I can't watch this heat-spurs game
Who needs a bbq when I got Weekend!
I've never been so happy to be on 152
Going to miss this city, but I am looking forward to getting back home. A lot that needs to be done! Thank you NYC!
Do you really want a shake from a machine that's been unused for months? I'd rather swim at Jersey shore lol
I just wanna know you, better..
Seeing a cop text while driving got me feeling some type of way
Hittin up the city that is atlantic
NW celebrity gossip news!
I NEED TO GET TO BRAZIL ASAP
every little thing reminds me of you
parents be trying to act like they care too late in the life line gtfoh on everything!!
It's a shame how 250,000 poor Brazilians got \"evicted\" from streets they call their homes, so millions could watch the World Cup.
I hate on &amp; off relationships
Since everyones doung the \"quote this with a...\"
Spurs TURNING UP
I say again.....why is Bastardo still here? .
85 year old man trying to pick up Joanne at the Sunoco
Having your home button not work is literally so annoying
How did everyone feel when Othello killed himself? Unmoored.
I have many sisters that i no longer share friendships with ... it's possible ..
Filthyyyy shot Jones
Sometimes I pretend I didn't hear what you said so I don't go ninja on you
Oh you wanna suck it ?
Lol why is Dana always high bye
IBISEVIC!! LJUBIM TEEEEE!!!
I will really snuff everybody in that house is what these bitches fail to realize...
Dark horse for me is KOFI KINGSTON.
Still need a set of grillz
The ambalamps stay coming to my building
Bow wow ft Omarion - Let me hold you
I really dislike it when people talk to me as well as my close friends
lolz i miss my cousin so he's in my avi
My dogs get too excited when I come home.. I love mi babiess
I have to have a house by the lake when I'm older
Idk how these grandpas and grandmas had all these kids lol.
Reading \"And The Band Played On\" and I keep getting more and more worked up. Where is ?!?!
Didn't realize Jaguars were so obviously indigenous to Mexico.
just because your idea of a good time is curling up with a book and hers is doing tequila shots does not make you a better person than her
Refuse to leave Rite Aid because their song selection is just THAT good.
I am a real life Kenny Powers.
The only thing im looking forward to at work today is the BBQ
Tavo; jimmy ; jacki; tina; tu JAVI!!!!!
Accidentally started sending some innocuous photo to someone else's phone via Bluetooth. Oops.
At TNA IMPACT Wrestling taping Manhattan Center
What a fuckin start
Sitting in the middle sit sucks butt
hebrews 13:5 \"keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have\"...night c XOXO
Everyone: \"What beach are we going too\"\nMatt: \"the baddest beach\" \nEveryone:
We can NOT lose Altidore!!!!!!!!!!
Smackdown is jolly good so far........
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! Jkixsubdibdthduv just mention me *spazzez out*
Hey Seth, Dean Ambrose created the Shield. But that's none of my business. (Insert Kermit meme here.)
You keep asking me the same question getting the same answer , so now im gunna tell you what you want to hear.
I feel so naked without my wallet
You know ive been drinking when i call a cat cute
between the ultimate and the ultimatum
I make a bomb ass grilled cheese sandwich js.
Wooooohooooo perfect start
If you know me know this ain't my feng shui, Certified everywhere, ain't gotta print my resume
this part of the Bronx is crazy
Finally finish oitnb and I'm pretty bummed that I have to wait til season 3 comes out now
I need to be somewhere they will serve me foie. Like right now.
one min into game scores!!
I would never be able to drive in New York City and live to tell the tale. I have mentally cursed every taxi driver's horn
Boye appears to have bigger problems than that hair cut.
Regardless if you are for or against him, PRAY for him. Pray the President receives Uncommon Divine Wisdom. Say Amen by RETWEETING!
lmao yup best feeling in the world
Life is a bitch from day one and not a minute late
Logan Forsythe warming for the
Ayyyy dad finally got a generator
New show called Virgin Territory...why wasn't I recruited
K love to the cavs: thanks but no thanks
When your around i always smile
I'm going to find me a dime at EDC next year
\"El verdadero amor no se conoce por lo que exige, sino por lo que ofrece.\"
everybody frass what a party niceeeeee
Do you think the government can see all the nudes I send to my boyfriend?
Dad just split a glass of wine on me. So that's an overview of how my day went.
Messi is fucking boss!
No Te Sale Chimia.Conmigo ahahahah xd .l.
I missed a party to got on a boring trip to Laughlin with annoying Russian hookers
The fact that August, Trey and Chris were all on stage together makes my heart melt
All these sensations got me going craaazzzzy for yaaaaaa
These bitches eating pills like they're jolly ranchers
always tempted to go off on ppl for what they post online but rather not cause they sometimes argue like a little kid tbh
Yooooo that's a knockout kick!!!
\": We agree. What's your go-to wine?\" Merlot or Cabernet Sauvignon!
God reveals all, simple as that
Earth angel, eaarth angel..will you be mine?
Jajajja Y En la cancha todo puede pasar... Goooool
Thank you Joe from as always the customer service was awesome his why I bank with thanks again
I'm really good at ruining everything. Especially what's most important to me
My parents are on their way to Antigua and I'm here like yeah
Being a player was getting to stressful glad my superman came to the rescue
OMG OMG OMG!!!!
I wish that people lived on my side of town
Flirting on twitter is fun n all but nothing beats that initial feeling when you meet someone and could tell yall both are feeling eachother
Oh that's your bitch in my inbox ? My bad fams
Good thing Mckensey comes Tuesday so we don't have to drink together via texts &amp; videos anymore
you don't deserve to know the way i used to think about you
Just saw Pedro Pascal and Peter Dinklage. Their friendship lives on despite George RR
I 'm not a conspiracy guy, but I fully believe the reason we invaded Iraq is that Saddam Hussein made Bush Sr projectile vomit in Japan.
Birdy has the voice of happiness and summer
I need a couple of bottom shirts.
FLOP? OR NAH?
I go into tomorrow with a light heart knowing if I get turned down at work that god has better things for me that I yet know.
See? U make me proud, whippersnapper! RT : I actually read about half of a book today. Sports book of course
my biggest regret is not telling you how I really feel
Don't dwell on the past cause you can't change it but look toward the future and reach for the stars
These American pages on instagram keep shouting me out haha
WTF I WALKED AWAY FOR ONE SECOND AND THEY SCORE
Finally made it to California! Less than 2 hours then I'll be asleep. lol
So happy I went to tbell and got some help finding my chill
bitch had marshmallows on her feet &amp; pharrell got on uggs
Made it to half moon bay, seems pretty alright if we could see anything
I just want to move by the beach already
Altidore's gotta lay that off.
Nobody better touch da ground beef til Friday tho.. Pfft good luck, me lol.
I got a coo 105% in summer school smh the easiest thing ever
\": My tl is so fucking annoying shut the fuck up\"
I overdo everything because i put my heart into everything i do. It is a blessing and a curse.
Dios estoy llorando de risa en serio me da algo xdx
Ohhhh nevermind Sam picked it out guys fallls alarm
Was that a Vin Scully Kirk Gibson call?
Impossible to watch this game &amp; attempt studying
Going to sleep rn bc I'm 50
My work schedule is the 4th of July weekend, literally.
One of them gonna be mad after
So happy I found the mistake in my cleans
Happy Birthday to ! Turn up for me! Hahah.
2 years \": 5. Since losing your virginity, what's the longest period you've went without sex?\"
Selfish &amp; inconsiderate people are the worst type of people to befriend.
\": I Can't Deny It , Ima Straight Rider\" you don't wanna fuck with me!
My nails are already getting fucked up.
I fee like Scoot only needs to roar now to get out of problems
That's all you gotta do
\": Atychiphobia describes a person who fears that they aren't good enough to be in a relationship with a specific person.\"
bron to knicks 2014
There is no \"devices\" tab in the Play store for Android. I have to go to the web to replace this 3-month-old obsoleted phone?!?
In California you hear the word \"energy\" in casual conversation, not so in NY
My sis better let me drive her car oh my goshhhhh
Guys who are too forward are such a turn off.. A little advise, girls like the chase
my summer eating habits suck but are great also so it's k
Snapchat me and I'll give you 20 bucks. \nItsfattyy
Todos hemos comido mierda de parte del karma.
This weather is hitting the spott yes
Cheetos and beer for me and dad
I'm ganna kill for opening all my text messages!!!!!
- more than there should be.
It is not the first time that Suarez has bitten other players.. He just got caught! Fair punishment
I've never hated anyone more then this lady
The wolves don't lose sleep over the cries of the sheep
and then he said \"habibi ya nour el ain\" whilst i walked away cackling
I don't understand the adding of minutes
Attending Pablo Helguera's lecture-performance with . Relieved that is teaching !
You know the kava is hittin when your veins feel tingly.......
I'm such a boring texter, and I don't know how not to be hahaha
Can't blame affeldt. Made the pitches. Got the ground ball he needed. Defense let him down.
This week could end up being a real test of my sanity! My perseverance! My sobriety! My continence!!
Honestly, i think any party can get big and live if cops don't come around the corner and kick everyone out Regardless of the house or money
Everything is a pain when you're indecisive. Or is it a pain?
I get really sad when I think ab my old sw friends like u were the best friends I ever had and I miss u all
A todo me acostumbraria menos a estar sin ti.
lmfaooooooo \": - Ashanti got ah RAMEN NOODLE SEW IN !!!!\"
Can't wait to get home so I can do some yoga :)
I need to see Brand New again
And I passed fucking English lets go.
\"Mis celos son una forma de decirte que te quiero.\"
god its so fucking hot and I have to deal.with my mom's stupid lectures to me im gonna kill someone
not even because hes a delinquent, someone would put pot in his locker at school and then tattle on him
FUCK YES, FILTHY GOAL!
GEORGE LOPEZ U TRENDING 3 NIGHTS IN A ROW. THAT'S TYTE
I'll bitch you out so bad because I'm right in every possible way
Nothing worse than losing to a team with an asshole coach
Can anyone give me a ride to the carnival?
Tomorrow I say goodbye to all of my classmates...My family. You guys are all I've known most of my life &amp; I can't imagine life without this.
I want to change the bars on my fixie, thinking on getting bull horn bars.
I cant with my last quote tweet thats what we dont need in the scene
It'd be nice if someone would actually take two seconds and actually talk about my problems instead of theirs.
It feels like September. It's fabulous.
\": so nervous for this science regents\"
\": (484): Land Before Time marathon. we drink every time littlefoot almost eats a treestar.\"
Anyone know a place I can adopt a kitten?
Thanks you girl and compadre for helping us out... It means a lot
An emoji using words like a goddamn adult.
Either a blessing or a lesson
pretty pumped that Outlook is re-downloading all my emails this evening. makes it really easy to stay organized and get work done!
Sonn it gets hot and twin loses her damn mind , lmaoo need to get a ripe and lasso her life and tie it to her wrist
\"i cannot believe what is occurring on this podcast right now\" overheard my soulmate on the jitney
I want some white friends too.
Why am I eating dinner alone at 11:30 pm at this big table...
Need a 5 hour... nap
deff changing some things haha I'm so tired of being this weight
sometimes all of our thoughts are misleading
Yesterday I hated this place. Tonight I love my city so much. Everyone is alive and beautiful
Love and miss my bestfriends :-\/\/
I'm seriously crying right now my cousin(5) and she like are u listening to and I'm like no its You &amp; I cryin
If you're not at the table, you're on the menu...
I should of gave it time now that I'm down for you everything you do kills me
French toast and bacon sounds about Right, rn. I think I'll order some
I keep to myself for many reasons
Kim Kardashian seems to be a bit cold in her latest picture
That's what you call down for their shit
Incredibly jealous that I'm not down in Tennessee w\/ being in a straight weeks worth of good comas
Action speaks louder than words. But there comes a time wherein words speaks clearer than actions
I have 20 days to legit remember 1,028 pages of cosmetology..
gonna get myself an arm sleeve of tats
There's like 6 kids who were in my graduating class that kissed mad ass
I seriously need a new phone!
I still celebrate 4 of july my father happy high above reunited my fvs song
Can't wait till Monday. Finally gonna be doing things right with my team .
i love her if she speaks another language
Just saw on birthday bash video glad he's alive
Yeah looking at my Timehop today was a bad idea....
that got me really sad i miss you
That was disgusting aka messy.
Crazy how the person I care most about brings out the ignorance in me.
Drinking champagne out of the Stanley Cup
Dear , I'm ready for you to drop your annual pricing. Or it will be me doing some dropping. Or is it 'I doing some dropping'?
I just love her Lil thot walk she does in that music video she does It's cute lol
Lebrons last game in Miami ? Finals
tendria que estudiar para el parcial de lite el viernes pa
How does it feel to be stripped of the wwe world heavyweight title ?
Got some cute sandals loveeeee them.
My placement test is tomorrow ah
Someone be my friend tm and hang out with me
Calum should follow me bc I'm American and its our day oh
That was beautiful!!! 2-1
This could be us but you're catholic.
Zalfie is so damn cute i can't deal
you African piece of shit! should of been given a red card
Ayye, will someone go get me a pizza? I'll share it with you(;
whos the suicide\/homicide thing about in Orland?
Is this like Hook where he forgets he's Popeye?
Some of y'all are weird and take twitter way to seriously
Jason Kidd was my fav player growing up. But he is a scum. Sad
Damn Chris Young.... I thought we were cool &amp; shit.
Got stung at green lakes lol
Jordan &gt; LeBron
Finding something to watch before friends comes on at 11 is the most difficult task of my day
Eat young man eat
I don't think there's ever been a guy I talked to, that I fully trusted. I've always peeped some shit I was never okay with.
Off to a good start
Masturbation is good for the health
Most of the time anyway unless they're a professional or some shit obviously
Beware of a woman with a broken heart.
The world is full of splinters -Taylor land
Im seein some epic fashion fails on this BET Red Carpet!
Is bonds considered a gamer babe ?
I'M NOT BREA THIGN JENN NOTICED ME ITS JUST A FAVE BUT IRS LEIT MY LIFE I'M FRAMING THE TWEET I'M DONE
Really hope they'll meet me in SANTA cruzzz
haven't stopped playing the Kim K. game since I downloaded it. haha.
YESSSS I CAN WATCH THE DRAFT
This makes me sad Ronaldo needs to come up!!
By the by, black ppl don't think Obama is god. That's a stupid Wingnut talking pt repeated so often only wingnuts believe it
Hoje tem copa cara, que lindo
Im a born sinner but ill die better than that
i'm lost but i'm hopeful, baby. what it all comes down to, is that everything's gonna be fine fine fine.
Cause ventures are gay and heavy!!!
like let's laugh &amp; act gay &amp; be weird &amp; just be friends. what is soooo wrong with that? I like playing video games, I like sports, IM COOL.
Dad: where are you going?\nMe: work, like every Monday\nDad: well who are you getting so fancy for?\nMe: fancy? you mean a t-shirt and mascara?
IF YOU LIKE A \"TBR\" &amp; YOU CATCH FEELINGS YOU RETARDED BC YOU SAW IT COMING STUPID
I can't wait for Finding Carter hurry up Tuesday
Im getting tired at what time is that shit
Just heard Hail Rain or Sunshine by ! So great! Cant wait for Jones Beach tonight!
I really need to start saving up to go to England ASAP
And the same routine starts tomorrow again school nap shower work shower and nap repeat till Thursday
Gotta Cop A Pair Of Huff Socks For These Star Wars Vans.
The conversations I have with luis are pretty weird but omg he makes me laugh for days!
Tiny rushed to get her 15 seconds.
Even though after my third time in one year I told myself I was never gonna miss it I kinda miss it
FOR AMBER WAVES OF GRAIN!
Wow just put my two weeks in at work...
This is a special squad!
ugh after beach showerssss &gt;&gt;
Thoughts on a captain America tank for the fourth
I think it's about time I changed that avi
Stop asking Jesus to solve a problem you should be solving. lazy bum!! V. Henry
Walking Dead fans - are the prison episodes season 4?
why isn't there a repeat button on sound cloud
Diaw with the 3 then wade
Happy ! Wishing everyone a happy &amp; healthy holiday weekend!
Already freaking out about what classes I'm going to take in the spring! I need to have things planned or I freak out
Just focusing on myself and school
It's Messi's world and we're just living in it...what a fantastic golazo!
So exhausted I don't wanna do anything
Just ordered a pizza online
Heavyweight missing my friends. This summer sucks.
Accept reality, but reject abuse. Easier said than done, but still essential.
Wow still haven't talked to Timmy
Everyone is farting in my house!
My mom bought hydrogen peroxide cleaner instead of contact solution so that was a fun surprise!
Welcome to America where if you're born here and are a person of color, you're less American (for some people).
this isn't how I pictured this.
On my ride to City Hall aboard IRT , three panhandlers board my car at 3 different stops, 2 males, 1 woman. One says he's an ex-fireman.
You no longer exist to me lmao
what I would do right now for some Mac and cheese
BOSNIAAAAAA not over till it's overrrrrr
Cleaning out my closet I discovered I have 10 pairs of vans 8 pairs of Jordan's and 6 pairs or football cleats. Wtf.
someone please bring back to NYC soon
Gonna try not to be a bitch let's see where it gets me.
We're about to go home. I'm sooooo annoyed.
We will miss seeing u!!
I don't deserve to be president
I wish would have been a good boyfriend and asked me to prom
Spurs is on fire now, Miami might not be able to stop them if they get a wide lead
Do all African teams get their jerseys from baby gap?
Accept what is, let go of what was, have faith in what can be.
The cereal game is currently so weak in my house i don't even know what to eat
\": WHEN IT COMES TO MY DUDE SHIT YOU SAY AND \"LETTING IT SLIDE\" ITS NOT A OPTION. You better think again.\"
Growing up I've come access so many people that I wasted too much of my time on.
I would be mad too if I was lebron
Can't even fall back asleep smh
so call me maybe (:
take me to a Danzig show
Live and learn, can't repeat the past and expect a different future.
People change and go their seperate way. Life moves on.
If I invited all the people I wanted to invite to dinner, we would end up taking up probably half of a restaurant
Al partir un beso y una flor...
Less than an hour to the hot dog eating contest
44 I don't know you, but you seem cool!
I'll have thank the wrongs that led me to a love so strong.
I think only to have to lose $25 out of security deposit was a good deal. Considering, a punched hole in wall and a kicked down cracked door
Eyebrow game can change the game
Hey fag you're here now
OMG FIRST 30 SECONDS. OMG!!!!!!!
Being a girl is so much work
birthday sex by Jeremiah has been stuck in my head since Thursday
The closer she was the further away she wanted to be...
Text me so I know it's real.
First Law of the Sea: Never place your rear on a pirates face.
Happy birthday ! Let me know if you plan to celebrate! I'll be there for sure!
I'm sorry beyonce can't dance, she can get choreographed.
does anyone have any recommendations for a good book to read?
steppin into work in all white like aight let us do this
He gotta chill RT : Benzino wears his heart on his sleeves
At this point in my life no one success will allow me to allow them to disrespect!
When god closes a door, there's probably a window or something that allows you to receive air. God wouldn't just dick u around like that
Everytime I cough, this lady coughs. Is she challenging me to a cough fight?
Ever been so frustrated you started crying? Yeah.
emily are u fucken srs ill rip ye fuckin ead off m8
that amber alert scared tf out of me
Going for a bike ride ;)
I have a nickname for my husband already so I pray every night \"God please send scooter soon\"
If I send you ugly snapchats I value our friendship
I really hate people who brag about how much they run. Cool, some people are fat and can't drag themselves outta bed
Ugh I have to be up early to watch the US\/Germany game
Can't believe the spurs are going to win the finals tonight
Damn tweeter I about the USA game I'm out Laters soccer to boring for me
I'm better off if your close to me
Watching teen wolf won't be the same without
Y'all better start laughin at these tweets real fuckin soon
fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck
Even though it's been a day, I miss my friends so much.. I swear they are my family.
Getting sick and tired of wanted something I can't ever have why do I always lose everything and why do I have so much to lose
Ain't nobody tryna trap we just tryna live
My pool filled up naturally yesterday because of the storm
I really be with everything tho
Word RT : Stop calling her James lmaoooo
S\/o Bosnia 1 time
Jesus will come back by the time Stephan gets ready
I want to go back to my car &amp; eat my chips instead of being in this boring ass class
Favorite quote of the moment: \"Go Fuck yourself, pretty boy\"-- The Wolverine
That was so good!!! I kinda wanna hug !
Aliens announce Earth invasions by sexting the president nowadays
you can eat inside did anyone not know that
Can't handle life
Experts: ISIS now a Proto state. Obama do a Nixon on Iran. Iraq is partitioned. 2m+ refugees on move Iraq NWFP Syria.
Had to delete that shit for mfs took it seriously!
I can choose to let it define me,confine me,refine me,outshine me,or I can choose to move on and leave it behind me.
So I saw the promotional pilot of and I hate that I liked it, its like spinoff was there
You act like you cared from the beginning ..... we know thats a lie.
If I'm gonna have a threesome it's gonna be with folks I actually find attractive.
Oh you lucky fuckers
Forever doing the most, can't even help it
In the Taco Bell parking lot with blasting the Pokemon theme song and an employee walks by
I've got a lot of sportsball highlights to watch.
Holy shit with these bug bites
I got voices in my head
Me Encantas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
\": With a double, the extend their lead to 6-0. \n\" lets go baby
GO SPURS GO !!
I forgot a drawer fell on me yesterday explaining all the bruises and scratches
Samantha Rose beta watch her back she got another thang coming
Roshe runs are probably the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn
If we lie, to promote truth, then we are just as false as the who twist truth for selfish gain.
Taking a break at home Does anyone know where all the graduation parties are? Text or tweet us 5163515709
It's official. Red from is my favorite character. Queen bitch wanted 5 packs of adobo powders!
She said excuse me lil homie I know you don't know me but, my name is Wendy and, I like to blow trees
Let's go SPURS
Lmfaooo they previewing their songs on the show now? Come on VH1 You know they ain't going no where with they music
I've been there too much already lol
Can't believe this is the last week of dance before recital
So, Halt and Catch Fire is just Madmen with less polyester, shitty cars, &amp; computer nerds?
More goals than Portugal already.
You know you're Mexican when you can fit your whole family in a honda
niggas with no money act like money isn't everything
Must be nice to just have everything given to you.
I'm so done with this week just get here already Friday!! I wanna go on my vacation!!
DEMPSEY!!!!!! GOAL!!!!! USA! USA!!
Your 'bae' asked me to keep secrets from you.
Waking up to the world cup &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I am on the vine app currently laughing my ass off
Crisis averted, now to put out the smoldering fire
how did you go from cute to annoying so fast
come hang by da pool todayyy
Wow I hate when I text back super fast and the other person takes forever like wow this is not ok
I hate Steph
is it too early for a drink?
Whoever thought of the TV\/treadmill combo is A+ in my book
I'm in lesbians with you...
i need to get away from here
I'm craving some pumpkin seeds right now
Fiddle Faddle, Dibble Dabble, Wiggle Waggle. BOOM!
\"Let's just close our eyes and think about how great it would be of we did kiss\" OMG I love Paul
I just met 's roommate from Oregon!!
Another thing that empowers our negative emotions is identification. This is when we take things \"personally.\"
Robbie got an iPhone I repeat Robison Ippolito got an iPhone
\": Love is not suppose to hurt, so if you're crying more than smiling its time to move on.\"
\": unsaid feelings are the worst.\"
00:03 K6KNS (David) on W6\/CC-072 (San Bruno Mtn., 401m, 1pt) 14.342.5 ssb: Lots of qrm here (antenna farm) [K6KNS]
\"do you smoke?\" No Tanya damn.
Thought about wearing my Ethier Jersey but I'd probably get beat up.
~~ soups excited to dance my fanny pack off at tn ~~~
Follow me \nI'll follow back
Slide into your DMs but only to check out your record collection.
Whoa, people take the way too seriously , to the point to DISRESPECT SOMEONES COUNTRY. NOT cool!
What wayne talking about wtf was that song
Bien Celso esa eeeeeeeeeeh vamos keylor!!!!!!
Has anything come of these legal hacking events? Do we have any companies emerging from these speed dating events?
Nervous for this 9 hour flight. Time to pop some pills (sleeping ones of course)
everyone: I pledge allegiance to th-\n\nme: if you're not with me while I'm struggling don't expect to be with me when I'm successful
May just face the facts I'm gonna live being tired till August....
When Wild N Out premiering again?
So I'm supposed to pass these finals? Funny
That was a mean dunk Manu
not sure why that's in my head
Tms last day of high school ....
Congratulations to Ryan Collins (USNDT), son of Dan Collins '88, for being selected 47th in The NHL draft by the Columbus Blue Jackets!
Ghana looks so much better than USA right now. Idk what happened on the first goal
R. Ibarra, J. Rojas, F. Martinez, Ayovi y F. Caicedo. Tanta artilleria. Tanto delanteros para nada. Tecnico mediocre RUEDA.
Lol I always waste my breathe, no one ever listens until they actually feel it. Ha.
I get Turk sands from panera for $3 so HAAAAAAA
I am not on board with the trend. Just no.
theres nothing in the world i love more then seeing laurie and mike drunk
Haven't played like in a month but my farmer's tan still going strong
The only people I communicate with are josh, Jamie, and amie nowadays and I'm not complaining. Take us back to Israel
Tbh. I always see the iPhone 6 pictures &amp; I'm not really diggin' it.
That moment where you write 4500 words in two and a half hours then have no creative juice the next day
I clean up like napkins
Them morning text be consistent until you beat
Now I sit on the toilet to pay for all my
I'm making a new Instagram fuck it, way too many people idk following me
Someone come over n watch Netflix in bed w me
Watching Tomorrowland videos gets me so amped!
When you're a mutt like me, you don't get to claim any heritage.
So much vaseline Sanchez...
Don't talk on your phone at the movies during the actual movie! I seriously hate people that do that.
\": Nigga doin his own tribute\"
Maintenant le stade qui chante Messi
Seems like all people do brag on twitter
A tad (meaning obsessed) with voice, acting, songs, and Broadway plays.
I Was Just Told I Should Sing Jazz Music !
Great time in Times Square &amp; Ground Zero
Yeah you lost your dad but he was my fucking grandfather too. Or did you forget? Cause not once have you asked how I'm dealing with this.
Or or y'all can DM me just saying
Don't want to be a dick it just happens
I believe that ya will lose
THANKS FOR THE CLIFFHANGER.
I hate how some girls don't understand how pretty they really are
A goal in 30 seconds how
Dropping 70$ on Chinese
Where is this girl going with these crazy ideas
Painting scares the shit out of me tbh
I hate how cold I've grown to everyone.
I know my limits. And my worth .. or more less I have an idea of what's for me and what isn't .. by the way it feels.
We ballin at grace if y'all tryin to slide throu
I need Monday night football back in my life
It was literally only 2 AM two second ago.
just set my car alarm off at 230 in the morning oops
White hood bitches are in such denial.
Anyone wanna come to the beach with me after my class tomorrow? If not, I'm going alone
I just need to watch hocus pocus
Just said hi to at Barbuto in NYC. You'll never find a nicer multiple time MVP.
Chris Goodwin's video of Mark getting ready just made me shit my pants
Fuck it, I'll stay at home.
Babe said not to touch her butt in front of people .. LOL K
My mom threw away my donuts\nThen my sister tried to make me feel better by saying that they're JUST donuts \nThey donut fucking understand
Finals are really killing my vibe
Seriously an hour late ? Refund pls.
Happy 4th of July to all!!!
Shit I dont need a girl. If I do she has to cook better than me
Does anyone have spare stuff for me to break rn? I need to vent
LMFAOOO at this point my life is a joke
How does Mark Jackson still not have a coaching job in the NBA?
Really wish I wasn't at work rn, but I'll turn up later
My manger literally just called 3 cops here for no reason lmao but I ain't complaining they're kinda cute
People fucking amaze me...idk maybe im jus being dramatic or maybe its just one of those days.
Poor Altidore cheri. :(
Going back to black. Why do I even bother dying my hair ever?
Real talk if I could wake up looking like Shelly Hennig I'd be one very happy camper.
If Justin does go to the BET awards I know he's gonna be lookin fly as shit
Tonight at prom was the last time I'll see my friends for a while.... Kinda upsetting but I love you guys and our memories!
\"You know how to make a backup, you just don't know how to use the backup\"--- um, them what are they for??
Got a lot of shit on my mind
fucking munchies made me gain like 3 pounds in a day
Nothing ever goes my way *pouty face*
When you meet really cool people. Lmaoooo niggas had me weak last night as soon as I met them
It's some white girls out there that'll die for softball
I really can't wait for Money in the Bank this Sunday!
My family members really thought I was 16 and pregnant still. Like I'm about to be 23 with a 1 year old. Have several seats please.
the high point of my week was having my fanfic read on . The low point was immediately after when I realized that I'm creepy.
Wild n out is so weak
Yeah my boyfriends pretty cool, but he's not as cool as me.
I would sell my body for Popeyes right now
Hopefully I'll have beautiful children one day too
\"I'm unbuttoning my pants for this next cookie\"
Oh, and that guy in the purple. Guessing his name was Tony.
If you let a dude\/chick break up ya friendship, then y'all friendship was never real, idgaf
Chris could be a farmer in those clothes
Made a deal that as long as I see at least two of them at Summer Chaos or Sundays I won't shave it..
New York Wudd up
Is it too late for someone to sleepover xox
Always have those times when I step in that rhythm, zone out and the basketball becomes like shooting a rock in the ocean.
Bryce Harper returning tonight pretty excited not gonna lie
the heat giving up so early
The Chant begins!! \n.USA USA USA USA USA.
Portugal is so close to the second goal !
The best shot of the world cup!!!\n!!!
really wish I could remember how saturday night went .
''No lo cante, no lo grite, no se abrace'' amo esa frase boludo
I spelled suit wrong.
I haven't been called Big Mac in so long woahh. Middle school flashback.
Applied to another cupcake shop. *crosses fingers for AT LEAST an internship*
Soccer makes me want to rip my hair out
How many times are you going to dye your hair before it falls off your head
i hate sleeping early then having to wake up in the middle of the night like wtf
pre workout is so good and bad at the same time
Its 3 AM boo why you think I called
Dear Abby: My wife doesn't share my appreciation for Weird Al Yankovic. CAN THIS MARRIAGE BE SAVED?
All i know is good vibrations
I peel off my nail polish like it's my hobby
Hahahaha whenever I take out Julio's bag of food he runs from neverland and skerts so hard around the corner
\": Debatable RT : She a hoe RT : Bitch Said She Got A Wife And A Husband\" True definition of a
The fahkin championship game pissed me off so much, a whole bung of Arabs &amp; scrubs
Nice to nice to know ya let's do it again
\"Can I take this beach cart to the beach and like collect kids\" no Alissa u cant
Hmmmm wasn't Levi the only other person who knew Nathan lied for Maxi?
It's almostb1am and I need to go to sleep but I can't stop singing \"Better Half\" by my
Brb, gonna beat this 9 year old up.
\": Ghana playing soccer or karate?\"
Absolutely fucking nasty goal
\"This guy\" is Clint Dempsey shit head RT : This guy isn't coming out right?
So do I skip orientation to go to tomorrow and watch play Germany?
Flies are annoying and gross and need to stop existing
I want strawberries and kiwis AND MANGOOOOOSS and oranges.
4 straight games with a homer. Can the all star team carry 3 catchers?
30 de setembro acaba orkut corre salvar fotos
and they got so mad like, i had to shit, nigga fly the plane fuck you doing?
\"Do you have raisins?\" (No) \"How about a date?\"
Niqqas college bill says 20k per semester shit crazy!
The love is for us to make , so let's make it .
Sad to see people i was close with become major pot heads like i wouldnt have expected it from them too
Girl gimme that ego boost if you wanna get whatchu want
Idk how my dad didn't get in the Julianoes commercial
remember \"my ass is on the line\"
2014: I'm not down with O.P.P. (Other People's Phones)
Probably only employees will understand this: I got onto an elevator just now and stood there, wondering why it wasn't moving.
i need money for my ticket and money for groceries and laundry so im kinda just boned unless i get a TON of work in the next two days
I don't sleep it's crazy ! I'm wide awake ... Over thinking , plotting, scheming success ...
Keyshia Cole still a hood rat
Kevin hart like yeah y'all know i shoulda been the host
Some days I wake up and I'm satan , please don't fuck with me
Shaggy be like \"Crate and Barrel stole my identity.\"
I'm a mess &amp; the only thing that will make me feel better right now is a hug from Nash
.Almost! I'm shopping for a Rolex!
I want to learn sign language
I cheated on her but i really cheated myself
I don't even have the attention span for netflix
It's so bad I spelling embarrassing wrong
Josh on the bachelorette is yummmmyyy
Maybe our luck has turned and we'll actually score and win in the late innings, instead of giving up runs and losing!
Working 5-10 in case anyone cares
I hope you burn in a pit of acid.
idc just bc you're a gospel artist doesn't mean ima like you and I do nOT like her at all ok
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x10
If Doo goes yard OMG!!!
Who's down for a bonfire @ the beach tomorrow? :)
Robot Turtles with , Calvinball rules
feminism is one of the only things that tumblr's got right
Hurddd bitches commit sins for Chipotle
Don't call me your best friend then treat me like shit.
And this is where you need Donovan.
My wifi be playing hide and seek ; like this junk be cutting on and off for no reason
That little girl is 4 at a world cup and I'm 18 in my living room...life is unfair
Had fu playing ball today with and
Every girl..friend bestfriend or a girl you know or dont know..needs to be loved and appreciated
Leaving the beach is always bitter sweet
My hearts against your chest,\nYour lips pressed to my neck.\nI've fallen for your eyes,\nBut they don't know me yet
Google \"Pride Festival\" and see your world light up
Look at that curve
I give niggas chances, let them rethink they actions before they make a wrong one
Its 6:30am. . . . What A GREAT time to test the fire alarms . . . . . for 5 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!
I really thought Kim's hair was a wig.
todays prediction, Ghana - 1 USA - 3.
Still haven't even taken off my work uniform bc I'm so tired
I honestly can't stand people who don't give your shit back after you've asked for it like 100 times
My mind at this time of nite is like a hamster running around a wheel
\"Emily if you're touching my balls it better be with the back of your throat\" -Sam
Whatever it is you do, don't be ordinary at it. Be extraordinary by doing it with passion and excellence!
I got that midnight snack for her.
What happens to all these soccer jerseys people are wearing for the next four years?
Ne yapsan olmazmis korumak icin mutlulugun tahtini. Dua edip beklemeliymissin; sabir koymuslar adini..
Roast beef \": RT with a black girl flaw\"
Wow the sound here is awful tonight
Mess with yon &amp; your feeling will get hurt b
Once you stop comparing Slingshot to Snapchat, you realize how fucking brilliant Slingshot really is. Wahoo and team!
It's About time!
When I say creatures I mean people
life would be so much easier if I liked beer
Amazing day now I need sleep but I don't want too ugh.. Rough.
Kev can't unhook a bra and doesn't know his colors
\": Like sorry you dye your mustache and don't invite me places because you're scared of me.\" DILLLLLFFFFFF
Who are these boys on stage?
Crazy train has always been one of the most annoying songs to me.. Sorry Ozzy :\/
If you ever need to buy me a present, a mini-fridge to go in my bathroom (mostly for shower beers\/cocktails) is pretty high up there.
Working 12:30-7:30 then I can finally celebrate today
I also forget I need to word things differently because to guy isn't fluent in English....I mean I can speak Hebrew too
Dont break me down I've been traveling too long
The dinner party I went to last night had a trampoline in the backyard. I made a mental note not to embarrass myself but come on TRAMPOLINE!
What is this..
Is playing @ MIST Harlem Arts Festival w\/
been a minute since we kicked it you been caught uppppp
I bet low equity volume is even worse than big banks' worst nightmares. No wonder exchanges are lobbying hard to kill dark pools. Godspeed.
I wanna get drunk and dance to reggae
why tf everyone in the hospital? wtf
I'm still dying lmfaoo I'm sorry
And I'm drinking literally anything in sight and it's still not helping.
When the pages turn to dust so will we
Gonna be a rough day at the office
Stalking someone con Instagram and liking a picture of like 8 weeks ago...
LOL because he didnt just throw Nani down.
Time is not on our side cause she's waving goodbye goodbye
Yessss!!!! -_^\nwith theequiluzer! :p\nGame on! :p
KD is reacting lol
Don't get tickets, kids.. They empty your wallet.
What this generation needs is a show like Girl Meets World. We had Boy Meets World... They need it.
Nobody wants to fail
My black neighbor nigga friend can talk shit forever, I ain't talm bout roastin either. He just talk like he makin money and shit
115 you're literally one if my favorite people and I love you so much I miss you like CRAZY and you need to come over soon!! I love youuu
