I can't get over how my grandma has iPhone 5 a Mac a iPod and iPad
I don't pray man but I feel like it's required tonight
I wanna do something new I've done the same thing all summer
Doom or be doomed at tonight! Pilgrim, Holly Hunt, Age of Taurus, and Blackout's just finishing now. Ten bones, 21+!
Guess im the only nigga up mad early
Gon visit do the right thing way tm
I hate when I look forward to getting off at 1:30 but once I get here they ask me to stay till 6. Puts me in an even worse mood.
Done. I think 2\/3 of big 3 get passes after this. Definitely best team last decade.
Yes I know I'm regret staying up this late tomorrow morning
KING FUCKN JAMES!!!!\nStill Da Best!\nAt Least Niggaz Lost To \nDa Best In The West!!!\nLmmfao! UGGGGGHHHH!
If you can't take it all, tell me bby when
So like they are going to stream Sailor Moon. Big News.
JYJ and EXO on the same stage !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rik and Thanks for hosting last night. and I enjoyed an very interesting group
I didn't see the end of this match but I have to watch the whole thing over again. Don't question it.
That awful feeling when you realize you're the only one of your friends with a year left of high school still
Softball today who's down to play ?
Self control is a real thing. When you dont have it, working for it is an immense challenge. I have a lot of working to do.
Eshhhhhhhh van acabar con el equipo de ?
Friends are drinking an I'm not......this is rare
absolutely speechless. thank fucking god highschool is over
Heat just weren't as good as the spurs
\"It doesn't have granite counter tops, so it's not that nice.\" -
WOW 2\/3 people I hate the most. Zendaya and Nick Cannon suck
\": It's June, which means:\n\n1. The Fault in Our Stars\n2. 22 Jump Street\n3. New season of PLL\n4. New season of Teen Wolf\" pll!!
Got off ship today after 2 weeks and already beat my meat twice. Idgaf.
Anyone wanna start drinkin some beer with me? Lol dead ass tho
Real women don't settle. They have high stardards that will either be met or you will not be involved with them
I be so mad when my friends got Nigggas because they be takein my time away from them but I gotta understand I'm in a different category !
Why can't people be straight up with out beating around the bush it makes life so much easier
This line to get onto the ferry rn is awful and the people r so rude what happened to govs islanddddddd
There are certain things parents and children don't talk about or share with one another. They just don't.
I wanna see Vanderbilt come out with this Chip
I urge Sen. Grassy to make a personal appeal to the WH\/DOJ to support a Special Prosecutor now that we can prove Lerner weaponized the IRS.
Why isn't the search\"Bars that play Pavement\" working on Yelp.
jacobs real full name is jacob thot whitesides
\"HOLY MOTHERTRUCK\" -
my tongue fucking hurts
Just trying to make statement that I'm going to do what I want with this when I want say what I want so please man stick to your plan
\"You gotta watch who you hang around cause these niccas aignt really your niccas\"
\"I thought we'd be leaving the house by 8\". - Dad. But we allll knew that wasn't gonna happen with you coming.
Crazy people be like \"It makes sense to me\" but that's non of my business tho.
\"I know good pussy when I see it... I'm a visionary\"
\": Silence, in a conversation, can be the key to unlocking it all. \"
I loved Ronaldo with ManU.. not anymore though.
Wish I had someone to cuddle with rn
andrew shut up
I'm cranky af rn plus I haven't eaten which makes me not have patience for anyone .
&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; everyone passes out on me. How great.
Rocking my tye die shirt at pride.
There needs to be background music in my life.
Those kim lyrics take a fuckin maniac to write
I'm doin me forget everything else
And now I need to find the strength to make it to at 6AM.
It's not about money for me I just want y'all to get the music!!
The heating pad has become my new best friend!
Kenny sent me a vid of him licking his lips but there was like Mexican music in the background so idk what to think lol.
Well that fucking sucked
Need to pre order destiny soon so I can play the beta on my ps4
I really wanna go to a music festival like tomorrowland or ultra or something
\": I wish there was cornerstones out here\" stores*
I mean actual children
I love the way Aunt Jackie interact with Mac.
WHAT!?!?!?! Oh, and did the commentator just mention punching Ghana in the face!?
Woke up in the Castro District.
I miss you already.
Para las personas buenas les recomiendo Dar una mirada al profile D para Q miren Q terrorista viven cerca a usted en COL y Vzla
If you search the hashtag newkidontheblock on Instagram there are a shady amount of pictures of dogs...
surprised i lost weight I've been eating like non-stop!
I lost 6-1 . I feel like Phil rn
A few shots In I'll be dancing like I think I'm lil wayne
I want to drop everything and just travel the world with someone who wants to just as much as I do
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
I can hear the Back Porch from my house...so even when I'm home it's like I never left work...
If someone cared about you their wouldn't be any \"dirt\" being done.
No Enterprise Left Behind would be a great breakout tomorrow
I'm so wore out!!!! I need a vacation from my vacation.
Enjoy these last 6 minutes of Tim Duncan's career
Sigh. Why couldn't they have at least put holiday store hours.
Julianna gino and i are funny people wow
Just had the realest moment of my life. U know when you're in the shower and the water pressure is on point&amp;u could almost cry about it...ya
is on some ole rappin about on
\"Gaylord Focker, will you be my son-in-law?\"
USA! USA! \n\nFeels weird to type that
ya make me throw my phone on the ground
It's funny watching Raienkonnis trying to catch Athena lol
\"Listen, from the age of birth to 7 my kids are strictly going to be for the fodder of my entertainment. \" -
Some with the Golden Girls and the awards....it's a good night
And its one of those NOT EPIC\n(but just simple little) MOMENTS\nwhen youre glad to be alive
\"What county is Arlington in?\"\n\"I don't think that they have counties down there...\" idiot
To go out or to not go out tonight is the real question here.
Mannnn you don't love me cut the bs
Goin home n goin to bed this day cnt get any worse smh
This life is not for me
How the hell does Chase wake up at 5:00 the earliest for me is 10 am
I've found that good things never happen to those who wait
Talked to Elliott Bullock () of today. He said the whole team was \"shocked\" when the drafted Josh Huestis
My tweet didn't even make sense lol
Ronaldo's a wuss
Portagal is fucking fast
Parappa The Studio Intern
There's 0 cute girls in EBC
Going to VSU got me listening to all this hard core music
You can be a total bitch sometimes
Does everyone in Santa Cruz get up at 6 am or what?
chill shawdy jus hit the weed
\": not lowkey but i still really miss you\"
Too bad you're fucking illiterate hahahahaha
Once Beyonce peforms that is all people are going to talking about smh
I'm a feen, I get so excited when Lejos de ti and Volvere comes on!!
Soccer is great but ought to have more guys over 6 foot tall, then I'd really be cheering.
Let us see the hangtime hoes
Ha ha ha! you just got caught looking!
Get ready for a missile attack from North Korea after The Interview becomes a box office hit.
Trop de 5sos dans ma tl stop.
I'll send my kid to boarding school till he turns 18.
Adiyah es mi amor tan dulce
No one cares how boring your summer is
But then there's nights like tonight where I'm home at 10...
I always argue when I don't get my way even though I know I'm not gonna win
Games games games rn man. Hoes dnt get it
You are not what I thought you were
Don't ever put me in that situation like that.
Another gorgeous day in the 607? Going to enjoy every minute.
That's a weird list because those are all relatively new songs. I probably listened to Flood and Lincoln a million times.
when I'm talking to my friend about shit. she's all grossed out and im just like \"U SAY THAT NOW BUT YOU JUST WAIT UR GUNNA LOVE IT ONE DAY\"
Beachinnnnn it w my loves
\": Quote who's the boy you think has he biggest dick, I'm curious.\"
Alright Howard. Alright
Mine just happen to be Whitney Houston and etta James and Corey MONTEITH and the devil and lol
The spots gon be off the grid though, lol no one gets to know where we live.
I've texted a total of 2 people today, my mom and menas mom
If you're not rooting for Joey Chestnut today you're not American
CNN's The Sixties DocU series is really a must see
If you eat sauerkraut I can't trust you
Ughhh only my dumbass would forget its my moms birthday until it's already 8:30 PM at night -_-
FUCK &amp; YEEEEESSSSSS !!!
This is a perfect way to fall asleep
This nigga pulls more white bitches thn lol
A ver, que yo cuando estoy en tumblr, se me nota y tal.
The way my phone is ringing I think I should of just gone to work, I don't think customers will mind the manager still being drunk &amp; tired.
Goooooaaallllll! Jones! The equalizer.
The dominos delivery man just called me and asked me to send him our selfie
I been so tired lately like I actually be doing shit. Wtf
need a tech PR freelancer to help me with press for a fun project for 2 days this week - email me if interested?
If we go again, all the way from the start
Twitter some helpful shit during fucked up nights tbh
Doing my mascara with the hiccups is a accomplishment I never want to face again
Hardest day of my life so far. Fucking shit what the hell
I hate texting but sometimes I have nothing else to do
Back to running. And losing the 22lbs I gained from the last time I ran which was two years ago.
I run wit niggas like and .. grown ass responsible men...seasoned vets that will fuck shit up in a moments notice!!
Oops dad doesn't like the tat either
I find it quite funny how things end up happening
You always know how to push my buttons.
For the first time in my life I give zero fuckin shits if you into me. Like bruh get in line
Why does my Grama go to pride every year &amp; then send me disturbing ass pictures .. lol she's so weird man
\"I like my tacos like I like my men: hot\"
\"it's 25 cent beers im bringing 2 dollars\"
Somebody need to jaw wolftyla cause the bitch not funny, she's mad corny and always ruining some shit with her lil bow wow lookin self.
Eso estuvo cerca...
Shots with Lizzlines over facetime !!! It's like the original 3 are reunited!!
Nooooo not Jozy!!!
I just went over the golden gate bridge and couldn't even see it because it's too foggy -__-
I watch soccer just for kicks
Cinderella man is on tv. I do love me some James J Braddock. Probably top 3 favorite Crowe movies
No matter what you say or what you do when i'm alone i'd rather be with you
Eat my shit ronaldo
Well there goes my bet
It's the simple things in life. Go martini straight up with a twist from the pegu club.
Still a rat
Alright well this Father's Day reunion is weak. I'm tryna do something.
i miss my boys, their presence brings so much joy to my life.
So fucking tired of chicken breast and salad. Why does eating healthy have to be so unappetizing?!?
Something about my face is extra ugly today
He's not talking he said brbbblfubbbrgsghtfzrgbkhfsz not hey wassup I'm Jeremy
I hate when I don't think before I say stuff
If the spurs close it out who's drinking Beers and orchards with me tonight ?
I can hear hide and seek happening from inside my apartment. Kids on the block remind me of the Sandlot
Sweaty and hot and sore i should have helped put in an AC unit in my room
It's the little things, like drinking two sips of my favorite soda after a camper goes ape shit, that gets me through the night. Lol
Messi is just too good
DON'T MIND I'M JUST REACHING FOR YOUR NECKLACE,TALKING TO MY MOM ABOUT THIS LITTLE GIRL FROM TEXAS.
Don't understand how people wake up before 12
I remember thinking that the regents were the hardest tests ever and then i got to college and wished I was just taking a regent again
This is why I'm single. Because I have too high of standards.
Please let there be vehicles in multiplayer!
Sold my soul away for money now the only way I can get out is if I kill the guy who brought me in it
I'm so drunk on a Monday
I just wanted to be baking in the sun rn but no the rain ruins everything
the cutest boy helped me at in n out n I swear it was love at first sight
This traffic is literally only here because people don't know how to merge. I'm going to scream. ITS LIKE A ZIPPER.
Bosnia making it a game 2-1
If I'm not funny to you you're either gay or gay and racist
2 new pickups from the mall &amp; I only had to spend 165$
I swear, my brother not knowing the lyrics to a song (which is most of the time) is honestly the most annoying thing ever
Every dude has that one girl, that no matter how much shit you've been through. You'll ways be there for her to love and comfort her.
Hella hot outside
I'm still in the best mood ever. LOL nothing can ruin it.
Tim Howard, my boy
Grillo: da Livorno parte la rivoluzione che si era fermata a Parma che non era arrivata alle Europee, che parte sempre e non arriva mai.
Monday oh how I love thee
Who says \"good morning\" to a group of people stuck at the airport for 6 hours
I'm selling my car for one that works. Yass.
Gonna be looking nice tonight
My bf is the kindest to others but the meanest to me. I dont understand that logic.
Visiting the HQ, awesome to meet
A good woman can be found far quicker than a good man. So in comparison you gotta know both are valued but which is more rare?
I'll meet you on the other side, of the Jordan
Secret Garden marathon rn.
Maybe one day I'll actually make it to the gym instead of just saying I will....
My cousin said to me are gunna be sad all day tomorrow (now today).... Meaning she doesn't want to be around me when i'm depressed.
Piper cries about being white and gets cake thrown at her
Watching the draft with life is good
I just killed what looked like a megazord mosquito. So proud of myself for not screaming at the top of my lungs.
My phone doesn't stay charged
Nice start from the U.S. now hopefully they keep it up!
KSJC 240453Z 30006KT 10SM CLR 17\/09 A2996 RMK AO2 SLP145 T01720089
WHY IS EVERYONE SLEEPING WHEN IM BORED .
It's not fucking with my Vybz collection tho! Lol
I'm not used to these 30 student classes
Jatasia the funniest person I know son
\": \": Dont trust nobody..people cant keep their word for shit\" story of my life\"
chelsea grin (x2)\nbeartooth\ncaleb shomo\nfronz\nissues (minus ty)\ncase\nwinton\nkelen\ngarret rapp (x3)\nreal friends\nkyle from real friends
Dont cry lebron
My goal for next year is to at least make it to one of football game.
More and collabo's please.
I don't know what sleep really is.
Im no where near tired now lol
Calling a friend to rescue them from a horrible date is always good fun
Annndddddd this is why I wanna go to Oaxaca for 2 weeks
Walking to the gym at 11pm seems like a safe and smart idea.
I bodied all gold everything ... I forgot about that freestyle
Subway Sports Man of the Year
This weekend is gonna be so piff
Ppl can't just stop &amp; not respond mid shit fest
So when is gonna get a station on pandora?
If I play Michelina 'Love Bug' will she fall in love with me...?
estaria para tomarse un whiskysitoooo bien piola cn esta miusik
Hit me up if you're in New York
Why have a veggie smoothie when there is perfectly good chocolate cake in the fridge?
Few highlights along the way but just kept going shitty... Even my trip to Dubai was meh... 1 major highlight that's it
You say you've missed my lips, we kiss, here we go again
USA better get their shit together or this lead wont last much longer.
Genuinely nice people are so much more fun to be around
Nobody can stop messi...\nNo one
\": I hate that my dad lives in Hesperia\" I live in Victorville
Im going to kill myselfy cousin listens to the same 5 songs over and over again
Couldn't even type Mom correctly in my phone and my real mom got called anyways. It was a failed attempt all together :\/
Here we go!
It's a shame what happened to the young child that got lost at sea yesterday.
Between my hands you will pray for vessel Your gods have left you forsaken I'm the only god that is present
Well at least now I know who's fake and what not .
I'm so tired and I do nothing all day
Every rn has a tiger.. Mike Tyson..Tony Montana....Pi
Seriously fuckin lil girls writing to texting her you stupid bitches just got out of high school too like wow fuckin whores!
I want go do something fun for the forth of July
I have a feeling my tongue is going to be my enemy today.
I wanna get drunk tn
Some tiny high school volunteers are humming Britney's \"Toxic\" while they make copies and I want it to stop.
Treating myself with an Alexander Wang dress. Life is good.
Sometimes being a sweet girl pays off. :)
It's great seeing caps from the kids that thought they were better than everyone else...
Sometimes you do a show and it's not good and you're like \"why is this something I'm still doing\" and then other times it's just plain magic
This whole no AC thing is killin me smallzzzz
I fuck wit love &amp; hip hop cuz it's actually real life situations exaggerated a for TV but it does blow mines how Atlanta is better than ny
Someone save me from all the cute old lady quilt patterns that I like so much
We go back to so far gone mixtape
3 or ce me lack. Cow has 3 breast feet.
When someone tells me their family member are famous I just think to myself \"why are you still here then\" &amp; \"they don't give a shit about u\"
\"They Came Together\" gets 2 thumbs up from me, funny stuff worth seeing!
You have headphones on but they're not plugged into anything???
I'm only crazy when I need to be.
I would love to see someone from taco hand me a to go bag that looks like the ones they show in commercials... They don't even have them!!
\"Forgot my checkbook, mind if I pay ya in change?\"
Trying to save my hair after it was in a bun since 7 am is the real struggle
I just peed a little from Ginobilli
The fuck is she wearing leather in Mexico for ?!
hi i'm 22 years old and life is monotonous.
The things life throws at you and the decisions you're forced to make are sometimes so fucking unfair.
I fucking hate California. I JUST WANNA GO HOME
Give me back my home town by Eric Church is the best song out there right now
At this rate I might even be good at rifle, probably not
Luis the rap son u did on bravo tonight was awesome.
People be staring at my pops and I cus we have matching Mexico jerseys haha
of course just knocked my buffalo wild wings out of my hand and onto the ground
Everything is feeling too temporary
This bitch does not know how to close her legs. You should not be having a second kid when you're the same age as me.
It all makes sense.Money In The Bank is in Boston.John cena's attire is green, color of money.Summerslam will be JOHN CENA VS DANIEL BRYAN 2
tomorrow, Friday, &amp; Sunday off. woooooo
My mom just told max to sell cocaine and not marijuana because its class 2 and pot is class 1
If I straighten my hair, how long until it goes back to normal?
it is just a game, damn. stop insulting peoples countries.\n\ncongrats Ticos . Rep
Fuck I just want to have my own fucking place in sac so I can square plates and throw dope ass Hawaiian themed parties and shit.
8-6 tomorrow gonna be a long day
Nephew just slapped and scratched my face
i so wish i brought lfa here because i'm going to die of boredom right now
My ankle still hurts
Be nice to ppl because the world is a shitty place and we all need a little help sometimes.
100 miles away. I just want to twerk already. Hahaha
The best part of yesterday was when my dad started a USA chant
I should go see this transformer movie
Episodes of The Office with Michael Scott are better than a 60 minute massage on a beach during the sunset.
A vision of a place that we call home.
All I wanna do this weekend is sleep.
Lightweight feel bad for Lebron
I sound like a squeeky toy right now. Fuck this.
This game is stressing me out and I don't even like them lmao
Di Maria tho
4 imy lil g! quit ignoring me so we can hangout
The new World Heavyweight Champion John Cena!
Damn it!!!! Still an amazing game.
Logan: \"YO GURL WHATS YO NAME?\" \nme: \"WHATAMELONYOMAMA\" \n*screaming between walmarts aisles*
is now a real hashtag.
Por Eso Es Tan Natural Querer Querernos'88
Procrastinating for the past hour at work 2 more hours to go
He was already knocking shit loose
David Bowie is a scary looking, yet handsome man
Minus some stupid stuff last night was a great time
Just left the and Allen stone concert. Now tuned into &amp; dj &lt;3
Someone come to the chinese buffer with me.
If angels really do exist.. You know they hate human beings right..
How did we ever get along?
Some1 new kik me I'm bordd
I seriously have the worst luck lmao
Don't leave ya weed around me (cuz ima smoke it)
Afire Love is also a good one.
You and my bro chicken grease too cute
YAY IM GAINING 1D FAN ACCOUNTS ITS LIKE A DREAM COME TRUE !!!!! \n
Where are my at??? Say here!!
Its hard to trust females yall are soo grimey smh
Literally I've been 100% on predicting the teams that were gonna pass to the next round
I need a haricut fr.
Did the pvs mile twice
I'm going to cry like a baby in October when Derek Jeter officially retires.
Ima do my ass in dr
As expected lost, opinion sim to and decis. emerges as the great friend to tech companies :)
I never chased any girl this hard smh
The bad thing about having big thighs\/legs and all that good stuff is that my shorts NEVER STAY DOWN.
I believe that we will win now!! 1-1
idk what color to paint my toesss
If you start using your boyfriends last name on social media then we can't be friends
Lana's speaking voice doesn't fit her singing voice or her looks
Wait, what is Fathers Day? Mothers Day Pt. 2?
Oooh I'm getting a black tomorrow! Something to help with this despression
Jones is nice a'f for a defender
plz bae Ilyysmm
Someone get me ice cream ()
Looks like my work mailbox is almost full. I'll have to log in and clean it soon
Lmaoooo my best friends are wild as fuck
Lmfao like I give a fuuuuuck! Makes me that more excited to leave &amp; dip somewhere far the f away from here.
For four weekends, somewhere in earshot, a bandsaw has been screeching. Why can't people be happy with the size of the things they have?
Difference between Tongan &amp; Samoans is.. Y'all Samoans respect level isn't high like us Tongans. Yall modernized. Still love y'all tho js
Phone just autocorrected the word tennis to Rennies UGH
Your lack of intelligence still bothers me.
I'm so pumped for 4th of July
I'm only gonna break your heart.
Happy 4th of july!\nOk im gonna sleep now
Mississippi tea party ticked off cause they lost and in their ignorance they equate this to a civil war.
I wish all android apps used immersive mode by default
Rare instance in World Cup where player doesn't fake injury..
I JUST GOT KICKED IN THE FUCKING EYE AND IVE NEVER BEEN HAPPIER
I tried i tried i tried i tried to tell you how I feel but I get mixed
One of those wonderful days when New York is half-empty, the weather is lackadaisical, and if you have something to do it's a disadvantage.
Really just got break into tears
It goes, I get mad at him then he gets mad at me for being mad at him.
it's comical how long it takes to straighten my hair
G Bout To Smoke Me Out I'm Toooo Happy Rite Now!
I wanna go to morroco and dubaiiiii
There's always a lot of \"What if\" thoughts late at night.
I need to go to a 5sos concert
I believe that Gyan will score very soon for Ghana.
Fucking hate when people eat with they're mouth open
Judging people literally doesn't accomplish ANYTHING yet people still do it often
Watching One Tree Hill makes me question my love life lmao um too emotionally attached to this show
\": I wish I had someone start me on volleyball at a really young age..like 6 or 7.\"
HAHAHA that was so fucked up hahah they are too hot!
\": It's the pain killers talkin\" lmaooo
If i had a remembral it'd just stay red
That was clean
FAV IF YOU LIVE IN NEW YORK WE CAN DO A MEET UP
que onda esto?
I can't stand the AHS theme music but I fall asleep to it every night .. I'm skart
I really have no idea where I want to go to college that's probably not good
Shld deny businesses card on contraceptives rule, remember $$ is already freedom of speech;
S\/O I see he fuck with the movement , bless holmes kill tha NFL
I think Kim Kardashian is one of the most disgusting human beings to walk this earth.
I just wanna be rich enough to produce a Quentin Tarantino movie
SCOTUS's decision is yet again putting women's bodies in the hands of other people.
Does anyone know of any charity events or volunteer activities I could do.. Let me know!
Fuk your girl one time, let the block have her.
The music keeps playing\nAnd your heart starts jumping\nAnd your head keeps spinning
I may bend but I will not break.
\" I like soccer players' hair\" \n-Greg
If there's one thing I can guarantee in my lifetime, it's that I WILL get a dog!
I wish somebody would try to steal my whip with my kid in it.
And we beat the douches that beat us last time so EDISON OUT.
convinced that I have the ugliest feet for a girl omg
I don't like Lebron but he had NO help the entire series.. kinda feel bad for the guy knowing that it's his fault all the time
365 closes at 1 in case anyone didn't know
If there was a 28.275% I could be like hulk I would sleep in gamma radiation
\"yaa hi I have an appt. tomorrow scheduled for 10am...but you see, that's rlyy early. I'm gonna need to reschedule\" -call to my ortho
Y Cupido No Quiere Que Sea Feliz.\n\n&gt;.&lt;
Being in Clovis means I drive a soccer mom van; transporting 5 little kids around town.
Literally have been watching tv all day. No fucks given.
Next Monday is the last day to get a hotel room for HOF weekend. DM me for details. RT
He met her on vine
Like now that I think about it wow what a slap in the face .
I'd sell my soul for a lifetime supply of corn bread
Listening to on the podcast and reminded for the billionth time what a natural f-ing treasure this guy is
I ordered a pizza &amp; they had to close my street -.- Stupid carnival people!!
This is the saddest dinner conversation ever.
Woke up high as fucc...about to get even higher
Donald Sterling was too real for niggas lol
weed weed weed, that's what we all needs need
It's crazy how so many people put illegal stuff on twitter. Like people can look that up
\"You have bewitched me; mind, body, and soul. And I love, I love.. I love you\" \n-Mr. Darcy
him: \"let's go running\" me: \"wtf is running\"
You're still the one that I adoreeee, ain't much out there to have feelings for.
All you can eat slobbering bar.
There is nothing okay about today
How you going to say we have bad service when you're coming to pick up your order after we closed!? Idiot!
I hate how weak I am for flaming hot munchies.......and pizza....
If you aren't listening to meditation pandora while writing a paper, you're also doing it wrong
That's what I like to see
Week 4 of yoga. Feeling good!
Can't get over how good 8th grade was
Having to catch my boyfriend up on while watching the season premiere really sucks like why you no pay attention to marathon.
This kids been making quad noises for 15 minutes now..
Always put second, even in friendships
This store smells like poop today
Already about to fall asleep at up all night
Six inch heels make a nigga just stutterrrrrrrrrr
Can I make people happy? Cause that's what I am to do.\nCan I make people scared of me? That's what I try to do.
All those classes with David young were worth it!!!!
So done rn
not all recognition is good recognition
this girl was walking around time square in a bra and spandex that clearly didn't fit her \nSTOP THE THOTS
AMERICA FUCK YEAH!!!
Argentina should be ashamed of that performance
Let's go ...can't wait to see u again on Sunday!!!!!
If you smoke the bong while takin a poop do you get a shitty high???
This makes me wanna just dance for hours
Fireworks should never be recorded. Be in the moment.
Vision sets the tone.
So who wants to chill on my birthday? Text meh
I have to pass this driving test
The Spurs. Wow, just a demolition of the Heat the last 3 games.
There's no point on going to see Remmy if you can't go into the ruedo. Being in the bleachers the entire time is gay af.
I miss my baby I hate being away from her :(
Nah fuck that imma ball hard
I hate when girls curl their hair so tight that it's a foot shorter or if they're too spiral
I want to make a collage of hella girls and just wcw them all
CHRIS YOUNG WITH THE BOMB!!! THE COMEBACK IS ON!!!
I need someone to make a life-altering decision for me.
im locked out of my house yayayyayay
I need these next three weeks to fly by so I can get my tattoo
I hate turnitin.con
So because is so good at starting , we started another 1. will probably be a topic for next years youth meeting
Normal ppl drunk text boys, well I just drunk TextEdit best friends mom
You gota ass so fat \n\nLet's make a baby!
Took him long enough to escape
I can't feel my legs omg
Me arteee de que todos los findes haga lo mismo, quedate con tus amiguitas.
\"Wait, who got humped and brad paisley last night?\"
Ppl be real life hoeing theirselves
Do you know that feeling where is 2 a.m. and all you want to do is go home. Yeah I had that feeling for the pass two months.
Come home from work to find my mom making me dinner. I thought I was in the wrong house.
Yass john sang her background lol
So glad I never bought on Just ordered the CD. \n\n
Yeah yeah she got ya homie.
Daily Bible Verse: \"Praise be to the Lord, to God our Savior, who daily bears our burdens.\" Psalm 68:19
Please don't let me go
jlo is life nd first love is my song
France is gonna do it today
Happy bday 2pac !
DO YK WHAT ROOM WE R IN
It's alright when we're too poor to pay the interwebz on time. I can just watch on vine &amp; drink wine out of a coffee mug.
I woke up with a scratch on my nose this morning and idk how I got it..
Got to get up in 6.5 hours. I'm I'll catch y'all on the turn.
So close Jozy!!!! Omg he is really in form now ever since that last send off game
OMFG OMG OMG CLINTTTTTT
Finally getting the chance to play Knights of the Old Republic! Thank you,
If anyone sees 2 homeless lookin ppl w\/ what looks to be all thier lifes possessions..dont worry its just me and morg movin her to a new apt
Ok cool not even tired anymore
the person who calls my house at nine in the morning like everyday, is going to hell
Love when I'm in the shower and my sister throws buckets of ice on me !!
Twisted and deranged \nAnd I loved that little game you had \nCrying lightning
I really don't know what i'd do without my sister
i get so excited when big accounts rt me ahha
I wonder where lightening bugs hibernate during the winter...
too many artistes sound different when performing live
Max Payne of Childbirth
But now that I'm in the present and I'm doing exactly what I'm doing back then and I hate every aspect of if.
The HVAC vents are in the center of the car and circulate outward, so air quality is always worst at the ends.
No strings attached like a cordless phone
The Same people who made fun of you in High School will be the same ones Asking for u 4 a Job...or if a You want a Fries with That??
I'm freezing but I refuse to turn off my ac
Are you fucking my ass rn? Or nawww?
Whenever my friends don't ask me to hangout with them I just figure it's probably because they're gettin dick tonight:-)
I wish weightroom were open on weekends
I hate being mad at myself
Where can we get thot juice in bulk?!
Ain't nobody fucking said anything &amp; you go ballistic whatever I'm over it
Is Lebron cryin?!!
Why don't you go suck on some lettuce
Driving to Potsdam to leave for meps, taking a nice slow ride to think and reminisce
Maybe you got a bachelors degree, but you're working retail. Well when you get off the job, work on your career and search for opportunities
AND NOW THE CAPTAIN
1.____________________\n a) music\n b) money\n c) weed\n d) women
Why would you be shocked about yifan's movie?
It's a wrap...his inner kanye is coming out lol.
I feel like an attractive female is 104738192582 times more attractive if she's not from Wilmington
JOHN LEGEND... GET THE FUCK OFF THE STAGE WITH MY BABY
I'm so hyped right now OH MY GOD USA
We never knew you? Or did \"society\" make you?
Can't seem to do anything right.
Want to go to ? Reply to this and we will put your name in our draw to win a free ticket! This is only for the event not travel!
I have a love\/hate relationship with laundry
Who tf is Luke James ??
Feel like no goalie is going to block it
One day will go to jail for arson, but until that day he's my friend and I'll buy him taco bell.
I have great friends that always reply to texts jk
You're a summer time hottie with her socks in the air you're screaming I don't care baby I don't care
Over some faggot shit called Pink Dolphin
Astoria might be in flames by now
The struggle of deciding whether to go out because I work at 9 the next morning
If I ever meet I honestly believe I'll cry.
The couple in front of me kiss every 5 minutes like clockwork
Took panties off at my desk today. Felt liberated
I mean, your the one that fucked up ? Atleast have the balls to man up
I've never seen someone get broken in soccer like that haha damn
Facetiming for an hour brought my battery from 64% to 1%\nBarely made it to the charger \n
In times of bad take solace in knowing that the worst has been averted
Yass at this intense moment between jelena and her mom is such an amazing actress.
I do not care about soccer the rest of the year, not gonna start pretending right now
his dreads look like the girl hair off the rug rats.
taking back sunday is my
I've been with Albie for two days now, this is not ok
When people call me a hacker when I play videogames, im just going tell them that I am hacker
dawg..I really cannot move or bend my neck..
Missing and BIG time tonight. Come home now please
I have no choice but top ramen before the gym.. saving money is hard :(
MARRIAGE IS NOT BETWEEN A MAN AND A WOMAN MARRIAGE IS BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE WHO LOVE EACH OTHER THANK YOU AND GOODBYE.
Hella ppl keep looking at me in pity...na cuz back tf up
It's all about good energy &amp; good vibes ...
\"you always send him booty pics he obviously loves you.\"
How bad do you want it heat!!
Mr. Game &amp; Watch &amp; Drink &amp; Ruin Parties
Dear can you please fix 's page...she has about 7000 followers not 2 or 1.
I need a girl that has an amazing taste in music so we can put each other on game
You look like bad news, I gotta have youuuu
August 1 Guardians of the Galaxy August 22 If I Stay
Problem with a nice dude is he wont be rude to other girls smh.
Nothing I hate more than going out to eat alone tbh.
T-Mac shoulda waited one more year lol
We'd be cuter together case clozed
President Michelle Bachelet of Chile (&amp; fmr the Exec Dir. of UNWomen) to deliver 12th Annual Nelson Mandela lecture on Aug 9th in Cape Town.
Rounding up all the Butterworth puppies and returning them to their rightful owners on a Sunday morning is not an easy task lemme tell ya
Real Estate in New York is like playing SimCity. That's why us millennials have such an advantage!
I need a haircutt
Wow the pressure is building up
First week of vacation is already over. Goodbye Pleasanton, off to Maui!
Do I wanna go to school today? No.\nDo I have to? Sadly, yes.
Why is everyone going back to Guam and I'm still here.
Okay, okay, I'm up. But I'm not happy about it.
*facepalm* twitter via text too easy to publicly post instead of DM.
Now if we could just be quicker on the counter we'd be golddden
.Oh really? Whew well glad THAT has been settled...
and the thing about being sad, is that\n\nno one really cares. :) please stop attention posting.
pretending this water is a Boston Kreme..
Afrin is terrifying
Due to signal problems at Gun Hill Road, southbound trains are running with delays. Please allow additional travel time.
Y no me digas que no, si en ti lo veo
I think I'm the only person who haven't watched tfios yet...
nothing but a thirst trap all these boys liking ur vines cause of ur behind ur just a simple dime who everybody rubbed
Twitter, if Altidore is done for cup can Donovan join team ?
About time shit
Now that I'm awake my mind is racing with things id rather not think about
We are flexing on Instagram taking pictures. Just trying to capture the moment
I wish I still had Netflix. I miss One Tree Hill
Germany vs. USA! I want both teams to go throughhhh
I knew Jack would pull a fast one
Good luck hanging out with a girl who fucks married men. CLASSY. Great choice.
Why won't my cat let me feed her like a baby bird?
Forever wanting to be Kate Upton
someone entertain me while I stay up for hours for no reason due to a fucked up sleep schedule
CODY HAS AN AWFUL VOCAL FRY
I have a lot of chest nd shoulder muscle then tricep &amp; bicep
Just had to pay my mom and to see
Havent you noticed that the majority of these so called prophets of God, ONLY speak messages of blessing and favor?!?!
every hood we go through, all the gangstas around know my whole crewww
I HAVEN'T SMOKED IN 24 HOURS I DESERVE A PRIZE.
this ep was too much
I get so angry about the dumbest things but I really can't help it
Union conditioning kicked my ass. But in a good way
Some mochi green tea ice cream would be a1 right now.
Lmaooooooooooooo \": Fix it Lysol! RT YOOOOO this girl just opened her mouth next to me and I damn near fainted\"
Not Five, Not Four, Not Three...
Now that my car business is settled...time for .
What tf is this bitch wearing
Hey happy birthday nigga, Neymar scored today for you
Yedlin will make a major difference in this game
Sculpture is coming along nicely :) still have to make the head though. Lol
Little ole meee doesn't like this at all
I could go for a nice pedicure not gonna lie
I hate nani fucking ball hog !!!
\": Where there is great love, there are always miracles. ~Willa Sibert Cather\"
My poor virgin eyes have seen you too much in one night...
PARTYNEXTDOOR- relax with me
Kids start smoking in middle school now ... Wow I wonder what the world is gonna look like in another 15 years
Where's my mother with my pills
I will eventually make it to next year!!!
I got that lmk if you need or tryna go halfs
I hope to get to his level one day
I need to wash my eyes and hands after that game.
Oh my god I can't follow these spiritual accounts anymore it's like are you kidding me man stfu
At the stadium and had to see the yanks. Leave bases loaded in person.
do you ever wish you were friends w someone
I Got Nothing To Fear, Cause The Whole Team Here
1 year ago today our guinea pig died
Grateful for any day I have an excuse to talk about Prince. I don't know who I'd be without him.
How about this weather?
Gooooooooooal! Fk you!!!!!
I'm mad cause I have extra responsibilities for the week, I gotta clean extra and shit sigh
wow. swept. smh
you ever wait on something that you know would never happen
Sometimes I wish I could fix whatever you're going through just to hear you laugh. I have so much faith in you just continue to be strong
And the time you were there .. Wtf
Sometimes we are attracted to ppl who have traits or energy we feel we lack. And when you develop your own sometimes the relationship ends
Pick me up &amp; lets do something, honestly!
Why tf they switched to commercial gabby was bout to kill shit
Nothing feels better than seeing hard work pay off
This Costa Rica and Greece game is sooo good
Pharrell hoodie tuff to me lol
Fuck you fork kicking him in the face
sometimes can be an ass
Yooooooo I need to go back to math class. I can't right now
Won't you tell me what your wait it for
practically cooking inside friendlys right now
Whats that new show? Yellow is the new purple?
WHAT A GOAL !!
They'd never complain if they had to do something for either of my brothers but they gotta do something for me and it's a big fucken problem
I hate this keyboard so much
Back in hell :(....I mean elk Grove
I hope your grad party was better than expected! I had fun:)
OMG I haven't been on insta like all day wtf...
zack is such a fuck boy and i hate him
How we say things\n\nNY: Fwoth a' Juh-lie\nGA: Fourth uh Juh-la\nCA: Fourth ov July\n\n
It actually is too hot. I'm all outta sleep
I would like to know where I can purchase a map that leads to Adam Levine
Oh my god I hella knocked out in my car I forgot to wake up ashdbhsbdjqhdneudhe
So excited for the grumpy cat Christmas movie YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
I wouldn't stay out here bc that traffic you seen on tv is real life.
I'm actually tired rn
Im bipolar? I work 9 hours a day everyday n I kome home to no food tf? Its whatever ill starve
Been at the casino by the airport since 1 and they've played \"firework\" 3 times.
Live life by the 3 F's : Family, Futbol and friends.
If it aint fam or my niggas it aint nuthin! Im only down if she fuckin !
Oh my god. Horrible.
This weather is putting a damper on my 4th of July spirit
We postupaem so, as postupili with us.
Hombre, hasta cuando alguno tiene que fallar, ojala sea uno de
Thank god I have tomorrow off from work.
Round of 16: to defeat
Ah what a surprise. left on time the one day I was 10 seconds late after waiting 20 minutes yesterday. Oh and it's 90 degrees out
NIGGA I DO NOT WANNA PLAY JELLY SPLASH STOP INVITING ME WTF EVEN IS JELLY SPLASH THAT SOUND LIKE SOME FAGGOT SHIT FOH
Dream Start for . Yes, . More of the same, please!
Taylor scares me when she drinks.
paris hilton at the bet awards looks lost
alo alo troquei d user amigos companheiros ex bastillez
It's easy to change your profile picture to an event poster or an orginazarion when you're not stuck doing dirty work
People are so disgusting. Like who TF does this shit?
Shorty give me neck til I pass out
Fuck it. I'm gonna start a corporation so I can smoke pot wherever I go. I'm a corporation with religious beliefs. Rastafarian beliefs
I'm my worst enemy when it comes to my looks.
great people! :-D
Yeah, it's Sauga at sunset\nMarijuana in the complex\nSippin' Henny cause my heart's frozen\nStunna' shades cause we all rollin'
aah eu tinha umas cassetes de eu a espardalhar-me na piscina ,e de tomar conta das ovelhas com 2anos so q quando me mudei para ca perdi tudo
The goalie looked like a hitter when they see curveball following a 99 MPH fastball.
I miss alot of good friends
not blaming myself this time.
Had enough time away to think about some things.
How niggas talking down when I'm not around,But every time I'm in the building, schhh, not a sound.
Emotionally sick is right .....
Stand tall, it gets a little better
Fun ass night I swear.
Wearing a Hartford Whalers shirt and reading Moby Dick, I feel like an idiot.
Rela advice from \"have ur own credit card &amp; savings. Don't let a guy u r fighting w\/ ruin ur credit\"
Im getting fuckin hammered tn
I was acting so pathetic the past few days smh for nothing
I just wanna chill and get drunk with the homies
la propia historia de amor la de Suarez y Delfina
except porn and video chat, but thats diff
This isn't running away, I'm just being alive
My siblings and I are such a dream team
Terrence know he wanna help Jelena he needs to stop frontin'..
Fuck ya i ran at seacliff then did the stairs 11 times!\n
Lmao I pretty sure that design in Ronaldo's hair is NOT how that little kid has his scar!
And welcome to the Nutmeg State...
In life, you will always come across the dilemma of choosing btween eternal happiness or temporary happiness
Umm, I have plans for tonight idk 'bout you homegirl
Monday night raves are chill by American Ninja Warrior is chiller
I need to find the perfect fake number to give to guys
THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND THIS LAND IS MY LAND
What a treat to see Tony Gwynn talking about Will the Thrill on our flight to San Diego
I will nvr sleep on a pussy nigga I will nvr eat wit a pussy nigga I wnt do no dirt wit a pussy nigga cuz baby ima fuckin pussy nigga killa!
The Safeway I work at has a Starbucks AND a Jamba Juice...
Dear Jesus, have Your way today. Either Colombia wins, or Brazil loses. May Your kingdom come, this quarterfinals day.
Not even being dramatic when I say I've had this disgusting cough for 5 months now, when is it going to stop
Funny when things fall apart once you're not the one to fix them
I think it's time for a new wallet
its \"couldn't care less\" people not \"could care less\" god damnit
Que Goooolaso usa usa usa arriba
Can anyone recommend a good PHP developer? Local in NYC or remote. Hit me up!
\": really could be bae\"
Every time I go to the car wash, I can't help but think the nice lady at the counter is embezzling her husbands meth money...
Hobby Lobby vs. Obamacare just sounds stupid.
And how ironic that I'd be the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic, demonic, yup yup don't worry i'm on it
If runs again, he'll be able to remember at least 1agency he wants to abolish. Guess which one !
I hate people creepily stand up on the train when there are seats ..please sit down sir
Wow patriot twitter sure is fucking annoying before you've had any coffee
Had a fun lunch visiting !
Dempsey just got nailed ?
WE DO NOT NEED DRUGS OR ALCOHOOL OUR MINDSARE TRAPPED &amp; CHALLENGED many of us to FRAGILE to REMAIN SANE THAT is TRUTH
i don't even text anyone! lmao my phone is forever dry RT : cuz you be texting some boof ass niggas
Not about this English packet
im confused as to why these Amish ppl are driving a caddy ?!
Return of Simba by Cole will always be that song
Miami 97-92....let's go!
You can choose what you do but you can't choose how it's ultimately going to affect your life. That's terrifying
mmmm que ricooooooo, ojala me traiga
If you're taking the chemistry regents tomorrow, may God have mercy on your souls.
so he wanted it, he worked for it, he got it. yaaaaaaasssss
Niggas have time to tweet but not respond to my text. Ok
NOT required to have an parent or two (I was lucky) but it doesn't hurt to have business model growing up
I was told I looked very \"filled out\" today.
actually 3 favs and ill throw my dads gf off the boat :)))
All we wanted was a redress for our grievances. We got freedom.
\"You need to be brave to live life, or else you aren't living\" -Chris from Montanna
So can boys bring milkshakes to the years because I'm really thirsty
Any 2v2 tourneys or 3v3 tourneys happening soon ?
If everyone was as stingy with water as they are with wireless data and phone battery we wouldn't have this drought lol
I just wanna roam the city, eat good food, and look for some Banksy and Shepard Fairey street art..
JERMAINE JONES...WOW...JUST WOW
Watching movies by myself today..
Sitting here wondering why there's no hair on my hand and arm, then I remembered I almost blew up.
I just want Taco Bell. Is that too much to ask for?
My Dr kinda sucks and makes me feel dumb when I ask questions -_-
Tuna look like a homeless hippie
Michael Bay is the best fucking director ever. Transformers 4, one of the best movies ever. Hands down
But next time I'm adding a distance run and some four wheeling
finally getting tatted again this Wednesday!!
35seconds into the game!! USA GOOOOOAAAALLLL!
How can ppl talk with food in their mouth? Swallow it first!
Really really hate seeing parents who use those leash-backpack things on their kids.
Females I beg you if your toes are not cute please keep them off my time line. Damn
And I just saw some rats in the road. Scared the heck out of me lol
\": I know ughhhh it's so good\" you have m moscato ?
I honestly just don't care anymore
Every Eastern Conference player is now relieved.
Last night a tranny called me a faggot in front of wawa at 3 am
Astrix's set was everything to me. I'm never gonna get over it.
You Don't Like It Get off my \"Brand New\" Dick Nigga
Employee of the month: .
Stevie is def smashing one of these girls after these audition...
Evidently it's yoga time and I didn't get the memo. I've been working on perfecting my \"beaches whale\" pose. Sadface.
Damn that's pathetic
START A MOTHERFUCKING RIOT BUT YOU LOVE IT AND YOU CANT EVEN DENY IT.
Since I know you were all worried, I just found my passport! and will in fact be going to Europe July 2nd..
Me hara falta la echadera de broma.
I therefore conclude that GINEBRA &gt; Miami Heat.
World Cup announcer just stole 's line: \"in a World Cup that has been so improbable, the impossible has happened\"
Wish I could hit Gov today, is gon fuck shit up
I ran but then I got subway..so I ran for no reason
80 ppl hospitalized at Aviciis concert in Boston.. L O L you ppl never learn huh
Fuck the &amp; their fans!
So glad I realized who the fuckboys are
Everybody thinks it's crazy , but I think it's all that I need .
Tomorrow's another me &amp; Diana day
If parenthood means selling your balls for a honda pilot, I dont wanna
There's a fat hole in the back of my yoga pants I'm gonna die.
If you aren't gonna discipline your own child, I will do it for you.
Why is there no one in 24 hour bagel right now...
Now it feels like the weights on my shoulders
But it's not everyday someone comes and leaves an impression
I used to like coming to the gym until it became filled with fuck boys
Fui na loja da Nintendo hoje
amei essa noticia do david produziu uma musica pra miley, hit na certa
I can't pin you down
It blows my mind how completely ignorant people can be
Next time it better go in
Join the fun over at some awesome things happening!
I really need an asprin...
YOUR ALL WHITE! no more \"nigga we made it\"....
Most of y'all just users. Yo boys don't even know they enabling you.
Se llena de mucho dolor toda mi alma solo de pensar que un dia no estaraaas
Sis got the iPhone 5s for her 8th grade grad present. the LG flip-phone I got for my grad was much cooler.\n
Best believe we got allotta dat
Even though I had the most amazing time of my life, I can't help but feel so sad that isn't over. It physically hurts to say goodbye.
Well cuddling with my pillow and rewatching the notebook because ALONE. This is what my life has come to apparently
2 2nd round picks for j Kidd the trader? Wtf man!!!
Listo para escuchar el programa y la emisora 1 de Cali y Colombia con
All these little bitches do is lie lie lie
Beautiful morning for a drive to Napa
I've got to find a way to make it to the top
I only Like Guys With Long Black Hair &amp; Cool-Ass Tattoos on their bodies, Not On Their Faces. So, Hit Me Up \n
\": Your man be letting you post thirst traps? You gotta be the side hoe. He don't love you.\"
Purge 2 = Hunger Games
My parents should have kept me home. Lolol
\"Let's deny a woman's access to birth control AND allow religious idiots to harass them when the inevitable happens.\" --
Did this man just refer to the BET Awards as the Black World Cup... Let me not even... What is really happening?!?
That Portugal goalie just pooped his pants during that goal
Hey why Rihanna's nipples but not the ISIS photo of a severed human head?
No seriously no one understands exactly what I had to suffer and go through my whole senior year especially from January to the end
Somedays I an tired of having fun
Time too workout and go for that fun bby:)
On this importnt occasion, lets all gather together to celebrate the man who set us free, Tim Howard. There will never be a greater American
take yo grumpy ass someplace else im not having it rn
every little thing you do got me feeling some type of way
Why did Kate take Derek
Torn between working 3-11 tomorrow or having a mental health day away from patients and all medical facilities.
Got jibbed quite a bit but whatever
You are always evolving. Forgive yourself, learn from it, and use it to build a better you.
No one does it like USA
Yay we got the puppy
I am so ready for all of this rain :)
no donovan. and now no altidore. bye
I don't even smoke so why are there 3 different lighters in my room?
I wish I could live life with out any responsibilities
.your the 667th person I'm following! I saw I was at 666 and it had to be remedied!
Taking my little brother to the airport for his flight to Oregon.
Can't wait for dempsey's rap album to drop!
Damn Transformers is a long film. Michael Bay has trolled all of us by never ending this movie.
When every part of me is only getting stronger.
Every time Netflix doesn't load I feel like it's a sign from God that I should actually go do something useful
Fuck yes. Thank god that happened.
just cause im celebrating america doesnt mean i don't still fuck with Canada and Toronto's crack smoking mayor heavily
Huh. Band-Aid is sponsoring the . Makes more sense than most partnerships out there, I'll give them that.
Mini reunion at Maude night, and I have emotions.
Iggy Azalea is annoying as fuck
\": THe weeknd X SCHOOLBOY Q X JHENE AIKO.... THis fall\"
No matter how much you do for a person or how much your there for them they always find a way to try and play you smh
Let me get off of twitter
\": Any fans in Fukuoka? Come see me at the All You Need Is Kill event at HAKATA CITY starting at 1:30pm\" Fuk u oka!!!! Hahaha
Dont know why im up early for
Wegmans sub time!!!
best of Luck, I can't afford to give a Fuck
Can't stand a shallow bitch. There's other aspects of attraction besides looks.
Training for the September Super in NY. Any hints or tips?
Already dreading my 5-10 shift tomorrow oh lawd oh lawd
Wow this is an extremely violent tweet, typical gamer... This is why video games are ruining us
Nobody everyone spurs fans
John Cena is a lunatic. I would love to hangout with this guy.
I wish I played an instrument still
It was only a matter of time tbh
Do you believe in miracles?!?!?!?!
I wanna score some goals now
Everyone is out looking for a relationship and I can barely maintaon a basic relationship with my right hand.
lol guys just kidding about the cashier only Efrain makes my days
\": Can it be Friday already so i can turn up with my girls!\" YASSS lmao
cansava-te pouco ahah
Keeping my eyes open is the struggle rn
Anything is better than studying for them rn
I'll take a win any way I can get it... See you boys in Seattle. Let's go !
For the first time in DiBiase history, as many males in the house as females. So much boy.
This dudes such a dick
That would be insane to be in the middle of that USA crowd
Yall gay for having a girls night out lml
Spurs got revenge, that's all
I've really been in the worst mood all day today and idk why. And now I have to go to work. Great.
But hipster your art don't pay the bills it eats ramen...from a packet.
what great weather were having this 4th of July
AKA Vivian Harmon from AHS season one
the chair is super necessary fyi
Went to bed at 12, after fighting 5 fires. 2.30 hrs of sleep when we hit another fire! JUST now got it contained and returned to station.*_*
So do u want to know what's going to happen? Bc I srsly wrote this...
I just demolished like 17 clams with no shame
I just stay in my room all day and listen to AM.
Manu going crazy!!!!
\"I don't even understand lettuce anymore\"
My Phone has been dryer than usual
\": If I don't go to soccer tomorrow, I will cry\" if i had a car n wud drive id go pick u up (:
Can't sleep! I've got too much on my mind.
\": I hate when people act like you owe em something when you really don't\"
I'm in such a great mood. Exercise makes me happy
I'm getting darkk
What ever happen to chingy ?
After this many months why do u have to text me at 1am
I was the only one in my living environment room last year taking the regents in english
\"What's up my names Montana graduate of Stanford class '12 have my own start up called DiamondFly were a music sharing website\"
I refuse to eat that possole
Well it sucks the mets lost on my birthday but I had a really fun time anyway with
I shouldn't be allowed on Fabi's twitter.
Ronaldo! Ronaldo! Ronaldo!
Reading old messages be having you all fucked up.
I barely watch TV anymore tbh. Usually it's either Netflix or Ps4. I'm always out the house tho
that really have me chills
FUCK YOU if you dont like me
Parker got like all the points this quarter
NP: Speed Of Sound! I use to hate this song with a passion lol. But I love it now.
I'm gonna body slam my father
Over time you start noticing that some people just aren't worth it anymore.
Like u aint done shit for me eva so why u complainin
\"I'm hungry and I wanna lick something\" ok Marlena calm down
Let's go USA!! Goooooaaal!
Who is going to the ARRL 100th Anniversary shindig in Hartford next month?
Thanks for following Happy ......
A flamethrower on a short bus? Only would do that!!! LOL
naaaa actually my momma don't question shit lmao let me fix that
can't stop staring at my nails, they're so beautiful + almondy.
Slightly tempted to go buy Oreos right now.
And Landon Donovan flies down to Brazil like coming down Snake Way...
HAHAHA NOW HE'S GOING AROUND ASK ING EMPLOYEES IF WE FOUND IT
It's ridiculous how all of these twitter pages make it seem like taking diet pills is a normal, okay thing to do.
Or you're knocking voldemort back but still he could just cast avada kedavra again and kill you so idk why you won't grow some balls dude
Csuse im bored af out here
Worship&amp;Praise confuses your enemies and empowers Angels to act on your behalf. has no power to resist Your Praise through
\"Your mouth is worth about 15 grand so don't do something dumb and mess up your teeth\" thanks mom love you too
I been on this game for like 6 hours lol
Normally I love rain but rain on this particular day hurts the wallet
Players going down like flys
I can have any nigga I want but I want yours
buat yg mau nyoblos diluar daerahnya:\n1. liat ada g nama kita di DPT\n2. kl ada minta surat pengantar RT\n3. kasih ke kelurahan\nribet? emang:)
Faj thinks hes cool when he uses his paddle shifters
I would've been like \" bitch who tf you think you talkin to?!\"
July 10th looks like we'll be living in Kerman already.
If you have nice dark hair I love you
All I want is real food right now
I FEEL SO SAD FOR CODY RIGHT NOW OH MY GOD
What a shot! Wow
I need to stop saying like. Its annoying me.
Aw thanks Tommy! MT :
My followers be bad as shit dammmn!
Yeah it's \"Force myself to bed time \"
Who's trynna chill
+No te vayas. \n-No me dejes ir.
Dempsey is not fucking around
please please please don't write a parser unless you really really really need to. they are not that easy to get right! reuse reuse reuse!
this will forever be my favorite supernatural gif
FALTAN 20 QUE SE ACABE YA !
My Honor UJ ~ Always DD
Ochoa!! (or to quote Mexican tv, \"Ooooochooooaaaaa\").
I'm cuddling with my cat when I could be cuddling with an actual person
OMG let's go ! Fuck you Ghana !
Can't wait to just plop onto my bed
I'll take country roads over city streets any day.
Anyone wanna see the 9:30 transformers???
Can't give everyone relationships advice, they don't all work the same.
UPDATE: HE DOESNT SPEAK ANY ENGLISH WHATSOEVER AND ISN'T GETTING A PHONE ASSHOLE
I don't know how to feel when you get here. like I just don't know anymore
We're so used to the idea of a woman hating herself that the thought of self love and confidence is sometimes interpreted as slutty
Dis nigga said 40 rt's and got 3000 wtf
No one should work on certain holidays
Lmaoooo shut up RT : Why his fam hate him?? Y'all fam be shooting?
I'll be pissed in the morning lol
Why am I still in my uniform?
Staying up late to make sure I see and on !
I feel like rain on July 4th should be unconstitutional.
Flying to Miami now. Hurricane Arthur must be fun.
All Y'all Niggas Could Dead Suck My Dick
I just want a Hermes handbag.
Seniors yearbook this year is the shit I'm jelly
\": I don't think I'd take tony serious when he's mad.\"RT
goals this year are to be closer with
Shout out to my cat for having 5 kittens and isn't even one years old yet.
5 more weeks
The bitch has more pics then followers too, that means you needa chill tf out.
My timeline is on fire this morning
How is it possible to be so wrong about a person
BREAKING NEWS: Portugal Flop
It's the blind, leading the blind, leading the blind, break the cycle!!!
Back at for a couple shows tonight w\/+ other professional comedians! Can you put me on your guest list?
true blood better not suck tonight
Vickie has tossed Stephanie McMahon into the mud pool! Wow!!
Perez can do it.
Wow absolutely gorgeous
this may come as a surprise to some of you full fledged 'adults' out there, but BRUSHING YOUR TEETH IS NOT AN OPTION IT IS A NECESSITY
-Yo PIENSO Que Todo Lo Que se tenia que decir Se DIJO ;)
I feel like complete shit
i put in so much effort to make others happy that im never happy
The boys playing in field tonight is so sweetness so cute
Orange Bowl site: Little Havana.
I spread my asscheeks for shrek
.thx for your gift 2 my stomach
IM SO FUCKING HAPPPYPTOTPPTPTPY LETSGOOOOOO
Ahhhhhh OMG! USA USA Goaaaal!!
wtf did he just duck?
If anyone wants to get lunch and watch this game hmu!!
This Soulo and Ross joint is la flames.
I always get a second wave of energy at about 11 every night.
I wonder if there is a way to update my laptop's video driver from WDDM 1.1 to 1.2?
Per usual I am wound for sound at 12:45am
BEAUTIFUL ! 1-0 !
That was sick!
\"I hate you and I'm a glutton for punishment. Just kidding.\" oh honey. Jk's don't work like that. :\/
\"You kill your own kids gas the bitch\"-shutter island
I liked it better when Womack passing was just a hoax..damn rip to a legend!
I've realized that sometimes certain things need to happen. Not because we deserve it, but to learn what types of there are out there.
good try Damn Big Papi
I wonder if my Japanese Lupin followers are opening my screencaps and getting nonsensical bing translations just like I am for them
And then he was mad when I didn't follow her on Instagram right away
But wow I just checked the academic calendar for UCR and the first day of the quarter is Sept. 29 &amp; the first day of instruction is Oct. 2.
One fucking minute.
I got to go it's Hellas hot out here
I had a dream that I was chilling with a giraffe and we took selfies and I woke up so excited to post them and I was sadly mistaken
BITCH GOT ME SO GOOD I HATE YOH
She's got the cutest laugh I ever heard\n&amp; we can be on the phone for three hours, not sayin' one word &amp; I would still cherish every moment
My arm hurts aso bad from tbe shot I got . today
I don't who how works out for like two day I did a day and I'm in so much pain
You was just the nigga next door.
I have work in 30 minutes and i can even put on my shoes without wanting to throw up
Niggas Be Moving Spicy Towards They Own Mans Shit Really Crazy
religious \nbut now, they are no different than religious people\nthey have made it their mission to try and convert believers into non
A leopard can't change it's spots.
I will love you ... Unconditionally .
Had a dream that matos gave us the answers to the chem regents
and Bo continues his winning streak.
My car tires are the real MVPs
Really starting to not give a fuck
Can I get a hit up?
is it called \"fistbump\" if someone sticks out their knuckles and you hit their hand with your knuckles too? HeLp
Yeeeessss Jones &lt;
LOL my dad knows what modern family is.
Did she really just ask him if he was that black? Lmao disrespectful
The non-Bray Wyatts' new entrance music makes me want the to call up the Vaudevillains already.
whaaaaaat &amp; on a song together
Just do what needs to be done in your household. I personally think thats how roles formed. Whatever was the most efficent way to run things
.I was on the 6 - just in the prior race haha. Tough beat for you if you liked the 6 in the sixth.
ISIS has officially declared a reborn Caliphate with its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as the new Caliph. As of now it is known as IS.
Unless you're someone I have feelings for I don't do that whole cuddle or pillow talk after we... yeah... keep it strictly business.
Dor:do you still work in the pillow shop?\nMe: yes, I guess that's what it qualifies as xD
The Spurs have turned into some bitch ass floppers.
Why do people feel the need to create their own names for restaurants\/stores like it's BIDWELL TAVERN not \"THE Bidwell\" J.C.
I feel like when I tell someone the truth and the facts that they victimize me of being the bad guy. When you fall you can fuck off then
can I go die in a hole now
Or ask me questions you know whichever
I feel that unfollow coming real soon
So logged into my first twitter acct.. and see that following me. Can someone pick me up off the floor??
everythings kinda fucked up now &amp; its too late to fix it
Plus if you don't eat all day on the regular fasting should be easy
Looks like I'm going to dc
Nobody will ever understand my mind and I'm ok with that ??
Ayeeeeee ayeeee do the thot walk
that was a fantastic match, nicely done.
The things I would do to become as good as the dancers on Dance India Dance....
Rihanna should have been feat. on From Time, Pound Cake, &amp; Started from the Bottom
I need cowboy boots for all my country concerts.
I'm just gonna sleep this one away alright? Alright. \n\nWake me up next year.
my mom is being a bitch right now ugh
I mean I should probably go to sleep now
Everybody knows that, nobody really knows, how to make it work, or how to ease the hurt
ICYMI: my mom just saved the day. She got rid of an 8ft snake while I stood in the corner and cried. What would I do without her?!
.getting cable back would be nice...especially frustrating when it's impossible to get to a real person on customer service.
I need a fucking cheeseburger before I pass out
I am enjoying work what is this
This is becoming a habit of mine.
Spending money on your loved ones are koo but spending TIME with them is priceless and should be priority.
I'm seriously so over this whole \"my mom runs the farm\" shit.
shawnnnn babe I love you and am so proud!
Another meeting another feature request.
There's never too much of a good thing!
Manziel \"absolutely\" expects to be week 1 starter - hope it's true so we can beat his ass week 3
Win, lose or draw Ronaldo sucks.
Famous like the drug that I've taken too much of, but I never ever trip, just peace happiness and love
Man I wish played at every party I go to, am I right?
Sitting behind and it was amazingly awkward to watch everyone kiss her roommate while making eye contact with her.
Your time is now, stop waiting for what's next; feel the soul beneath your feet and run.
When it comes to my moms I'm always be there
Praying for everyone who's taking the chem regents. Good luck guys!
Hoy me atrevo(8)'
I really like how my body is starting to look tbh
.fries are the BEST! I mean, Happy Fourth of July !
4v4 today @ 6est today - get a gold on July 4th
What's your name who's your daddy
I only used 13 minutes this month on my sell phone but sent 5000 m3ssages
Definitely hitting up Point Pleasant one last time before i move to FL
Goin to graduation lookin like its prom night.
\"I heard, church bells ringing... I heard the choir singing..\"
Reasonable doubt set in one hour omgggg
Once Mari realizes he isn't always right then I know him and I will get along 100% all the time
Huge screening for USA soccer game tmw at 39 clayton drive dix hills there will be a keg
Nahh I never sleep alone cause I sleep wit them hunnid dolla rolls
Life talks with friends always get me in the better moods
Home at last with my big guy back From SD looking forward to the week visit
With so much seriousness lily goes \"I'm gonna ask my mom if we can set up the Christmas tree tomorrow\"
I bet that's all I ever sound like to you
Dane's snapchats are prime right now
\": Dear Christian Grey, please a be real person and come find me. \n\nSincerely yours,\nKelly\" when she uses the y you know it's real
Fuuuuuck dude I'm starting to feel bad for the giants
IM NOT READY FOR BEY AND JAY OMG
IM SUCH A RETARD WHEN IT COMES TO THESE GAMES
This young boy gonn live it up
We say actions speak louder than words. Somehow, we still fall for words first.
yas it's gotta be the jersey number 13
this convo im having really gonna make me go to sleep laughin . i cannot lmfao
But then again, do I ever make sense?..
Wearing Jordans is like wearing card board around your feet
Every sunday we eat like a family
Why does it all have to be this way?
i always have ariana s twitter page open incase she tweets so i can try to get her to notice me..
You know that nightmare where you oversleep on the first day of a new job? Yeah, that happened.
they be like hey i be like nah
My grandmother just said \" She should of went to the corner store to get some car engine oil \" I'm dead only in New York son
Whatever it is you think Mary did isn't possibly true because she is a Democrat! Let's put this behind us! Move on! (Seriously)!
Watching the game online sucks, bc it's 2 minutes behind
I love This nigga marlon so much rn
ironically\/fittingly\/embarrassingly, the first song I recorded was written for a specific love interest and even featured me singing
When the sun slowly chases the moon from the sky\nAnd touches your face as you open your eyes\nWhat are you thinking?
Ronaldo has a Harry potter scar in his hair cut
I parked in this 7-11 parking lot so bad and everyones staring and i just want my mom to hurry
This guy on needs a snake room
Lol Kermit needs to be an Emoji fr.
Oh hey favorited my tweet. I have a hyundai!
The bags under my eyes are real
Don't wanna get too hype but I like what the Knicks are doing so far.
Don't care if somebody is considered a \"bandwagon\" when the World Cup comes on. I think it's awesome how soccer brings everyone together.
Wow! That fast USA
Felt amazing to get a good workout in need to get back in there everyday
We need Donovan
There's no better way to remind yourself you're an adult than to spend the morning of your birthday in line at the post office.
Si te vas a ir yo me voy a morir.
viciiiiada nessa musica *praia e mar*
I honestly don't know what to do. every1 telling me something I don't wanna hear
This guy that does maybe 10k in business with us expects us to shower him with praise for \"allowing\" us to work with him.
What the fuck why do I seriously care
As I walk through the valley of death
Be cool or we bury your friend
nah but like y'all gotta quit it with this hating on them for groupies shit like quit being salty ass whiny bitches. get on with your lives.
Watching Ronaldo teasing USA players is fun
Every team the US beats should have to nationally rename the sport to 'soccer'
Yeah it's just yellow hearts and pink diamonds...Where I get the money for this? Don't think rhyming
I really be having a lot of dreams. Hella descriptive too
Pumping iron with ...he is gettin' ripped! would be proud!
I can tell that Brandon is gonna be a good buddy back home
Low key I kinda miss Paula...
Ghana esta controlando el juego
Robin Thicke named his album, Paula. Shouldn't that have been done a few albums ago?
August Alsina or wateva is so arrogant is he an aries or nah
I'll be happy with the Germans and US making It out of the group
Really trying to prepare my mind and body for these next two weekends
Home from werq &amp; all I wanna do is listen to my 90s hip hop &amp; sip on some heem. Is that too much to ask?! This weekend can't come any sooner
\"8th grade graduates, you are at a critical point in your life.\" Are they now. Are they really.
Since this games pretty much over, good fucking riddance to \"the big 3 era\", three peat my ass
The new General Store is fresh
She saw the papers \nShe was at Olivia's before her murder
Mom n sis out n about while I'm home doin laundry\/cleaning
Sometimes when no ones left to listen I sit an argue with myself.
I love when games go into overtime and pks
I just want some matzo ball soup
Neighbor kids keep sneaking up and running in front of my mower. Where the fuck are your parents??? You're making this take so long.
Cleo = Cat + Leo
Spurs ball movement tho.
impatiently waiting for my Mac n cheese, come to find out..Hannah never put water to boil on the stove.. dumbass
You don't even have to like me with a throwback jersey in some throwback nikes
She make a nigga wanna change his ways
first time seeing a replica of a LG
I was faded, too fucked up\nAnd you probably think I'm an asshole
ALLEZ LES BLEUS (sorry America I still love you too)
Why are we even debating this.
Im here to tell you yo baby daddy a pussy nigga , and you a hoe pussy for fuckin wit em
\"Where are the freshman so it can go and get blue balled\"
Too much. Slow it down.
Just know I'm graduating 2mm like ima Thot get me lit or nawww
Anybody elses verizon phone saying no service ?
Only been on the road for 30 minutes and Abby has managed to spill half her chai tea latte and get cream cheese all over herself
in the . it's . Now for the !
Ultimas 12 horas en nueva york
Shoes are overrated in the summer
USA already joogin it
if your man dont reply and it says he read your msg. He's entertained by someone else.
SONNNN I JUST CRIEDDDDD
One day I'll learn not to wait till the last minute to do my homework
Look i don't want you so stop instamessageing me
.I know, then at the end with the Americans U threw in how U could keep the logo and truly honor natives, no?
Can't see Mister Herbie getting beat tonight
Stop bringing up kobe right now bcuz all is laker fans remember when the celtics killed off in 08
Let me shut my mouth, mejor.
Shoutout to whoever decided to lift my skirt up in oak ok
Y'all can have dem bitches mate.
Stay true to your roots, and don't ever forget the people, and how much effort they took out of their lives to put into yours.
I'm not allowed to reveal anything but I will reveal this: Dan Radcliffe is so hot. Is anyone surprised?
I'm so upset that Four Loko went out of business. I really loved the taste of kerosene and Kool-Aid.
Any girls wanna come over later to drink alittle???
I am being harrassed by someone in facebook with a photos
If that was number 8!!! I can't wait to see 1 Ps me and my boyfriend want to buy you a drink !!!
Ive been leavin my house around 10am and coming home around 11pm every day... this is not good
peakin I'm peakin\nwake up with me\nthis weekend this weekend
Somebody put another quarter in the merry go round.. Holy crap ! This pitcher clearly has TBS..
I love my class. So much fun tn
24 is giving me all the feels tonight
I'd rather be ignored than forgotten.
Metaphor for life
Pretty steep prices this weekend for one person to handle. Need to split it...
based on the way my bro eats macarons, one would think he is a barbarian
The fact that I have to drive back to pp and for work and drive down the shore at 10pm is the blow..
Pat looks like he should have got some extra cardio runs in, instead of practicing with the other team... Just saying
\"When she don't bitch no more, she ain't your bitch no more.\"
Wow- just called a I've never stayed in or spoke with and they knew my name from called ID...
I'm not sure what I wanna see more . A huge ass Brazilian party, or a huge ass Colombian party ... That's the toughest choice know to man
K-12 13 years of school and tomorrow is the last day. It was fun oh well 8 years of college and med school
Hell yeah for \nOff to a great start
\": Lmfao. RT : Who got better fries, Rallys\/Checkers or some french niggas?\" Belgium
Summers just starting and I'm already tired of the heat.
Grease was the original High School Musical
just once I wanted your sympathy nigga
The struggle mk Tricia taylor and I are going through rn to find people to drink
I get you want to send me to georgia, but you cant ship me off tomorrow just like that!
Time to get it right at Monday night pilates, son!
i had a nightmare that i got my new dance dress and it was neon green gross
Remember when iPods and phones were different things and you had to lug both around like a bag lady
\"Tell your wife she looks pretty, even if she looks like a truck\" - Ricky, age 10
Way To Go Lets do the same tomorrow !!!!
This thing on my chin is really killing my vibe
This game td is giving me anxiety... Lol
Jack U album is happening. mindblown
i mean it btw i just put the trash out with like 4 dirty diapers in it
took me three hours to realize I'm in New York and not Ohio. same thing though right
Watching this game with friends makes it so much better
Happy anniversary to my parents. They have beautifully exemplified a healthy, loving, honest and respecting marriage to me. So grateful. &lt;3
Que 4 de julio ni que hptas hoy juega colombiaaaaa!!
Today is Friday? Yesterday was Thursday? So tomorrow must be Saturday? I am slowly losing it trying to do everything before July!!
God is no fonder of intellectual slackers than He is of any other slacker. C.S. Lewis
Idk it's so easy to lose sight of the power you have and what you and your people have achieved.
Young OG, I be on the low G. He be in your comments heart face emojis
I DID 6K TWEETS 2DAY I'M PROUD OF MYSELF
people can only disrespect you when you allow them to or give them a reason
Ew that's so nasty get away lol
Im so tired so ill do the rest of those dm number things tomorrow, youll just have to twatch me
Take your mixed emotions somewhere else
Nooooo Altidore wtf
with a rip
Can someone come deliver me a slice a cheesecake please? PLEASE.
are on FIRE!!!
Une relation depuis deja 4 ans. I love you babe
Love waking up sad at 3 AM and not being able to fall back asleep. LOVE IT.
It's ironic that JJ didn't get a rose after what he said to the guys.
They want me to come back but I'm perfectly fine in Jersey .
Be so tempted to say fuck the gym and go into Moes
I love to go all night and, we rock the boat, Poseidon...\nI love to call your name, name baby I love to call your name
Shit changes in the blink of an eye
they kno u cant show ur hair from lisa eme had tuh let u kno shes rip one day
We gon stay trippy for life man
If thats not your significant other dont yse emoji's
BEING A FEMINIST IS NOT A BAD THING. IF U DEGRADE ME BY MAKING ME FEEL BAD THAT I AM A FEMINIST- THEN U ARE THE REASON Y WE NEED FEMINISM
VP Joe Biden is at . Which means the Secret Service is there. Which is in Brazil. Which should be an interesting upcoming news week
Cause calling someone a bitch is rude (:
I feel like the rum bucket at wind n sea goes up a dollar every week
I'm gonna miss some of my Delran friends
Taking a walk would be great right now
own goal or not, we won fuck off
Not super impressed with Messi and co. Not surprised either. Meh.
Ain't nothing but a G thang baby
I can play every day mcpc on my cousins computer to like 8 am to 1 pm but no skype only if my cousin lets me use her iPad to XD
Completed the hat trick today, three K's..
Im telling you, DONT stop praying for that lost loved one! No matter how bad it looks!!! GOD IS ABLE!!!! He is MIGHTY to save!!!!
So they just fight in front of clients like this???
When someone spills beer on you at the giants game lmao
Won't be on for a bit. Don't bother
Hahhaa bye bye Greece go home :p
Literally just ate half a container of blueberries.....oh shittt
\"Just bc ur home doesn't mean you get to be annoying\" thx dad ily :)
Can't wait to drive to Georgia!! Ha just kidding. 12 hr car rides suck.
Not alot of people left around
They can't make more than 3 passes in a row without fucking something up.... we will be lucky to have a draw in this game
Being called wonderful things from someone who has seen all of your worst sides has got to be one of the best feelings ever
Wrong Twitter no home even though its pride week and I needa show it.
If it didn't work out the first time it probably won't work out the second or third or fourth or fifth or sixth or seventh or eighth time
Why everyone going on hiatus now lol
Can't wait to see what lies in front of us the next few days in the World Cup group stage.
Watch they perform drunk love Jay Z an wifey
Don't be fallin in love as she's walking away
We have nachos at work today and every time someone says \"nachos\" I wanna follow with \"lemonheads, my dad's boat\"
The guy just said \"I really like negroni, especially with whiskey.\" And yes that is exactly how he said it. Like a flock of negroni.
Soccer season was the highlight of my senior year tho being in a team with all your friends
Cool mom make me pick up someone at the airport I don't know, gonna miss the fire works great
Voting for a balanced budget that is both progressive and responsible.
2 days in a row at the beach and I don't even get the slightest bit of color I'm a disgrace
Aww she's having a bad day...
Just figured out my real friends in a matter of 2 minutes wow
i havent txted anyone in like 2 weeks. im not a good friend. sry.
I'm gonna kill this american football players that are trying to comment about the real football
Beach will be my 2nd home
How am I even awake rite now?
I take mad nudes for no reason like I have anyone to send them to.
24 I miss you so much we need to hangout seriously like as soon as possibly and I'm in love with you wanna marry me
Who wants to kick it I'll pick you up :))
I had a pocket full of the finest huckaboo west of the Mississippi River too, but that's my business.
He dnt wife them he one nights em
This show too too wild.... Maaannnn (in my Bernice voice)
I will go HAM anytime now. Where's the E train?
Fuck ya bitch got my own hoe
DEMPSEY CAN FUCK MY BITCH
Whenever you're around I always seem to smile
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life
How you get lusty with your bestfriend ion understand that.
I just love revision &lt;3\n
I met this French guy today on the subway and asked if he spoke German, he replied no and I said \"You're welcome!\"
I hope he doesn't die bc I need my ignorant Chicago shit
In that same token.... Grown ass women... Stop dressing like you're 16. It's embarrassing to our sex.
It feels good sleeping past 11
I just don't know what to think anymore..
Made some new friends today
Watching the original Jersey Boys on tv, Maher &amp; Stewart. says if he ran for office he would say drugs r good, religion is bad.
*Bruce voice* - \"Born in the USA\"
Strange addiction stories on Netflix are crazy af.
143- we should talk more !
Costa Rica....we're coming for you!
The main reason i hate the NBA- you can trade coaches . I cant be the only one that thinks thats fucking retarded
Such a good day to smoke w my wife
female this female that we're not all the same
I NEED FOUR MORE BOOK RELATED WORDS HELP
How hypocritical, aggravating, overprotective, and immensely stupid can one be?
I honestly couldn't be happier with my life
Can someone assassinate this bitch alreadyy???
0-100 real quick
Now the real question is, is going to graduation rehearsal worth being awake right now.
I listen to backpack rappers bc these main stream rappers are to pop for me
man &amp; I have an iLL ass mixtape
Carls jr is open...\n\nImma lucky stoner tonight y'all
Gene Trottas special sauce is a realllll pasta treat before bed
If john joseph worked at geek squad: \"hey, JJ, what's wrong w\/ my laptop??\" JJ: \"ITS A MAAAAAAAALLLLLFUNCTION\"
Call me a safe bet, I'm betting I'm not.
I was going to take a nap.
I would feel better off if more songs sounded like Move that Dope
On &amp; On by Shyhiem from the Wu
Some people are extremely skilled when it comes to getting on my last f
Biggest thing I can do for these kids I coach is teach them to not do what I did!
Sooo glad I've been doing something almost every weekend... Makes me feel productive
my night consisted of getting my phone and keys locked in my car, giving a snake a bath, and being followed by a creepy truck :-)
Art Park for the
I need a new job. I'm barely getting enough hours to pay for gas.
Way to make me feel like complete shit\n Fuck.
Wtf I have 4g in stockton!!!!!!! 9mg fuck my wifi right now.
Venezuela Libre del Mal y la Oscuridad. LUZ, LUZ, LUZ.....
Oh these times are hard, yeah they're making us crazy, don't give up on me baby
So much for me learn about myself.
Changed my mind I'm buying my moonrise ticket
Time to celebrate by going to see the match at black horse bar.
How can you FaceTime for 12 hours a day when you just met each other the other day?
See, i woulda gone to that party, but i fucking hate all of you
but who is gonna make andi cool pants now....?
\": I swear I'm too nice sometimes ,\"
Just filled two garbage bags cleaning my car
what the fuck is going on...
I'm in full throttle there's no stopping me
When the guy you hate gets the girl you want
THIS SPIDER ATTACKED MI LEF WHILE I WAS COOKING IDK WHERE IT IS
Being in a dungeon filled with abstract art. The mind is thus just a vessel.
wow ben &amp; jerrys ice cream is fuckin fantastic
Chilling pool side all day today
Has anyone felt nausueas or lightheaded after taking a protein shake?
I really don't snapchat much but when I do watch out
yo compro mis propios limones y finjo que la vida me los dio porque ni eso me da la muy cabrona-.-
why do they have college baseball on the tv in this bar
I dont start a shower till i know for sure my shuffle is on point. I will forward about 6 songs just to make sure too.
The fuck . No I ain't cool with that but I'm just going to pretend I am .
Baby I know what to do baby I know what to doooooo
Lol I hVe to get up in 3 hours
i will do backflips if you answer me 7268 7268 7268
To Americans today is independence day. \nTo Greeks its the 10 year anniversary of our 2004 Euro Cup win
really want the gold iphone 5 :\/
Colombia away jersey for sale. Size medium. Brand new in box. 90 bucks.
LMFAO YOU THOUGHT I CARED ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS ;)
If you're in San Fran this weekend, would you like to hang outs?
USA: World War 2 Champs in Europe by beating Germany and beating them tomorrow to move on.
estou vendo na timeline. SAIA DA TIMELINE AGORA E VAI DESCANSAR ESSE OLHO.
Taking one step back, of course it is ridiculous that five conservative men without any medical qualifications make decisions about 1\/3
15.75 for a 12 pack of miller lite. Pissed.
mdrrrrrrr tu me fais trop rire !!!
In the mood to have a scary movie marathon
\"Stuff cant do a fireball\" is the product of playing Skullgirls. It actually takes away fighting game skill and knowledge.
Argentina fans everywhere today
Damn someone is having a rough night.
Listening to 15 young tech companies from the Netherlands strut their stuff at the Dutch Consulate
yifan com o elenco do filme.
Everyone against forms of contraception should be obligated to pick up the slack via adoption.
It is honestly so hot and muggy I am so ready to go home tonight
Shuuuuuuut the fuck up about being butthurt cus she moved on when you're runnin around with a different girl every month.
We all know a sophisticated thot
Everything fun and exciting happens when I'm working
Lol Cynthia's such a silly goose
I have the brightest hair at prom
Man The Warm Up &gt;&gt;&gt;
Dont take my tweets so serious
So easy 1-0
Bow Wow isn't going to go by Bow Wow anymore? End of an era.
heaven is where we make it
Did Shad moss used to be L'il Bow Wow?
Wow I've always hated soccer but that's great
60+ hr work weeks are so draining.
I don't really have much to say
I literally say the stupidest things ever
Half of you cape boys ain't even bout it !
I hate when I can't sleep
While watching I'm amazed at all the words I mispronounced while reading the book
Kiara and malia's lesbihonest moment caught me by suprise
When I try to walk around my house quietly, that's when bones decide to crack and the floors decide to make noise...
Today's been one of those days that really make me love my life
spurs crowd makes looks like the temperature at AT&amp;T center is around 90 degrees...and this time the AC is working
Red is not as good as you'd think.
No he didn't!!
but i will never shoot myself no chedder bobby
\": Sloths stay up late because they are bad asses and against the system.\" aka me I'm a sloth.
Feel awful for
I can't buy the new Arsenal jersey from Puma. Way too tight.
Peanut m&amp;m's and Sam Smith for tonight.
People begging for subway swipes are actually just runners who went a little too hard and can't run home. Exhibit A: me.
But I can't fix him, can't make him better.
All I have to say is a big shout out and thank you to the man ! Made my day, made my week, made my month! Stay tuned...
\": If you notice your child developing gamer symptoms (virginity, lack of friends, violence) call 911 immediately. - The Moms
Why can't twitter just have an edit button instead of me having to delete the whole tweet. My ocd can't handle a misspelled word.
No one gets how happy I am for this interview.....its what I've been working my college career towards!!!!
Good first day in NYC. Got to meet with a couple church leaders to hear about the spiritual climate. Jesus build your church in NYC.
Way to start off smashingly !
Fourty seconds in and we already got a goal!!!!!! Woooo
That nigga was cute I'm not gon lie
Got ya bitch tip-toein' on my marble fl00rzZz
Is it me or is it actually starting to rain out here?
I like summer laughs way too much.
Kinda upset I lost my shades last night..
Bruh Kevin Hart is nooooooot funny. Why do y'all boost this man...
I love my father im his spoiled princess
I like smoking weed I like getting fly, I like having sex I like girls who ride
Arthur is packed with quite a punch on this happy 4th of July.Take care holiday revelers :)
I seriously thought I was gunna pass out when I walked out of the gym.. ITS SO FUCKIN HOT.
Whelp back to the mitten state
wow, all this unlimited texting just to text 2 to 3 people daily.
In retrospect Houlihans was a great time
Wade and bosh shit the bed HORRIBLE
.didn't mention Chris Brown. Accident?
Nope you're just naturally an annoying person
C'mon black stars
Ha Renaldo what was that?
Love the feeling of bringing in the mullaaaa
Back to praying for rain everyday
BEAUTIFUL OH MY GOD
sorry for the outburst peeps, it was late and &amp; I were drinking all week, so was feeling extra
This girl really only likes catholic school kids
Love all the soccer fans rn
She wasn't having none of that though, she sent his ass out
Somebody get these dudes a manual. Smh
I love being happy
Ignorance might be bliss for the ignorant but for the rest of us it's a real pain in the ass !!
Since her return from her stay on the moon, she listens like spring and she talks like June
so anything anyone wanna chill kinda bored of playing FIFA
What exactly did Pelosi find so \"dazzling\" on her border visit? Was it the stench or the rapid spread of disease? I'd love to see pics.
Just saw a guy who looked like Trinidad James
Sitting next to a guy on the N train who smells more like a restaurant than I do. Didn't think it was possible.
DWL The Contender semi final intro was like a mini sound clash I score that round for Sekema Mullings \"hear me no babylon bwoy....\"
You get all like 'fuck it' but you're still mad tbh haha
hahahaha how about you go fuck yourself instead
Your friends should motivate u &amp; inspire you. Your circle should be well rounded &amp; supportive. Keep it tight. Quality over quantity always.
\": \"I don't believe in dinosaurs.\" \" Think about it!
Shout out I advance to Lisa's boyfriend, for having a huge birthday celebration with free alcohol, because yeah I'm ready to turnip
nothing like some quality fam bonding hiking trip on 4th of July
It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang
Who wants to be my new skate buddy? Must live in Bushwick (preferably\/convenient)
Shoutout to all those that really care for me. You guys are all the real MVP
Nothing squelches the warm fuzzy feeling you get after watching a heartwarming movie like reading an article about foreign policy and Iraq.
A woman's appearance is everything the way you carry yourself is the way you going get approached
don't ever put a braces rubber band on your tongue
6 more minutes yall my kimchi is waiting
I'm gonna be falling asleep during graduation ceremony for my nephew
Can't wait to see Ryan for my 45 minutes a day tonight
Everybody wana be Kendal and Kylie Jenner so bad now
now he saying I'm better, cause i keep it wetter
What's for you .. feels right. You don't have to 2nd guess nor question it.. I'd assume
How credible is this Y2J return rumor?
You see the difference between me and you, is that you lie about the things you do.
Can some body tell me why this little fat bitch stay on my twitter
Big fan of . Go-to for cognitive computing outlook in seed stage. likes.
GUYS GET SHAWN TO THE TOP 20 ON ITUNES
I hate you belasario. Please leave chicago
I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind
Hoping for Germany to win the game at the world cup.
Me and 's conversation about braces, gaps &amp; eyebrows tonight has been too good.
I'm fucking getting so far away from this fucking family. I'm done.
I wish I talk like these people.
i dont understand u or even like uuu
if i got into the habit of letting people text me first id be fine
So now me posting a picture with a guy means were talking... LMAO
Can't bitch bout the nba anymore-&gt; soccer
This heat is not the business
I've officially ate my last meal until after Pride!
Today, one customer said I looked like I was twelve and I should take that as a compliment....
\": I want a potato car\" sem.
Someone want to slide in my dms or something?
Hand is falling asleep cause I've been tweeting cause I've been bored cause I'm tired
Ok I'm done .
I feel like we gon see something huge at the draft tody
Don't play football if you're not going to go to the weight room this summer
1MONTH 9 DAYS UNTIL HARD SUMMER
at my age, another F is a life sentence anyway ... wha's death?
Give me a gyro and a frappe I need to mourn appropriately
Ugh, this truck stop subway in the Central Valley has zero Kombucha.
Me, I'm just me. Me, I'm just real.
Lunes de posponer la alarma 5 minutos mas cada 5 minutos.
6:45 kb class two personal sessions 4 rounds on the bag and sprints on Wantagh ave on an 1.5 hrs of sleep
US already w a goal
I wish I was going to the beach inseatd of work
Just signed up to do my 3rd 5k of the year!
Holy shit how did I forget Werewolf Bar Mitzvah?!?
Sorry for all the angry tweets. My last name is Britton and I might have anger issues
It's a whole new ball game
Pues yo la vere cuando la echen repetida esta semana mientras tanto vamos a reirnos con el chinito
HAHAHAHAHA Dempsey's face
Chill ass day with the ru fam and Kevin lol
i would killlllll to be in key west rn
I showered for this!?!? Waste. Of. Time.
Ima do my hair like from Ghana
and we're not broken so please come home
I feel like i need to be rescued.
I need Yolanda to clean my room stat
\"Powa\" literally has dudes outchea slow dancing with themselves.
Ok Howard, you can be bae.
My BFF has a date!!! My BFF has a date!!! A date!!!!!!!!!
Sitting in walgreens waiting while starring at dog food and here Stacy to the managers lol reminded of
The texts I got from Arielle tonight &gt;
Fabian Johnson is my Dad
But I don't think you know
I'm ready for a nice large glass of wine
They asked \"how does it feel in here? It's 72 degrees with a wind chill 9
Dam my nigga,I'm tired of explaining myself. i don't have to explain shit to NOBODY
I like this free feeling, I don't think I can be tied down right now
The Blackout Boys had The Flwtbush Zombies and A$AP Ferg as guests tonight as well, Definitely onw night to remember
When you're dreaming with a broken heart, the waking up is the hardest part.
Yum haven't had bill grays in forever!!!
Turning off the TV cuz I can just watch twitter
TEEN WOLF THEN JEN ANDSJSJFJ BEST NIGHT EVER????
Just waking up in the morning
so what am I doing today
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine --&gt; MDMA --&gt; Ecstasy. I learned a lot of stuff in my health education class
Id like to take a nice walk on the beach
I really wish I went to NYU just so that I could tell people I go to school with and possibly run into him
THERE IT IS. MESSSIII
Air activates your taste buds. I understand why people chew with their mouths open because food tastes better.
My dog is prettier than me
Eddie: bets on Costa Rica to win, they win, he still loses.
Damn it.....I wish someone would have kept me in the loop. I could have gone to the gym after work instead
So amped up on caffeine from the new coffee shop gig ... This is going to be a problem
I fucking hate when I'm talking to someone and someone comes up and just starts talking , like muthafucka if know you see me talking ?!
GUESS I'LL GO TAKE A WALK IN THE RAIN...SINCE I DO GOTTA PEE...
So any 4th of July parties for tonight.....?
If someone's not texting or calling its either cause they're dead or they simply don't want to
I feel like I'm going to turn Into a lesbian watch orange is the new black
Menunggulah ketika apa yang kamu tunggu pantas tuk ditunggu dan dipertahankanlah yang memang pantas kamu pertahankan.
I need a good bear hug. If you catch my drift.
I may or may not make it home alive tonight...
How do I manage to procrastinate eating?
Whos going to the parade in old town?
Aren't your parents supposed to teach you to not to be rude? Not the other way around?
Suck my dick Ghana
I know that this problem is taking over my life but I don't need you rubbing it in my face its so rude!!!! -
If that isn't a red card, what is?
Lmao dunkface I want that
Can't tell if that's suppose to be lean or purple Kool-aid
Quote of the day \"wife a bitch\" ~
Buying goods for an authentic dinner
Dang it :\/
ew i dont wanna take finals now bc everyones gonna be so sticky bc its humid as shit like wth
Never noticed how pretty the ceiling at Grand Central actually is
I've been waking up before 7 for the past three days and no
Time to catch up on every shown known to man &amp; ignore everyone until I leave
Twitter is loosely defined as a social media app to express a user's feelings, but they should consider changing the name to TwitterRant
Sunsets are the best
Ready to make up and head to Georgia!!!
Utiliser le mot \"cool\" dans deux tweets de suite est de l'abus (et un manque de vocabulaire \/ synonymes). Je me donne un carton jaune.
is this grad speech a joke...
I mean i wouldnt know cause ive never drank milk before but still
If Bray Wyatt isn't champ on Sunday I'm gonna take a step back from wwe for awhile.
I've eaten nothing but pizza rolls for the past 2 days lol
\"no one watches baseball anyway.\"\n\noh ok cuz a whole salon of women wants to watch wrestling. YUP
You should always support your significant other in everything they do.
He's that captain
When I say,\"...my cousin is kind of a hippie.\" &amp; ,\"that's the cousin that went to jail.\" IT'S NOT THE SAME GUY.
\": are always there for you.\" Yes we are
Do you believe that god made us or you believe in science ?
It's true that not everyone uses birth control for contraception - but it shouldn't matter why someone wants it.
So just sit the fuck down and smile.
Idk about Bellichek. Did you see the stink eye he gave the Secret Service?
if you stay up with me just to talk then I love you
In the truest sense, freedom cannot be bestowed; it must be achieved-Franklin D. Roosevelt\n\nHappy 4th of July America!
Can someone FedEx me a couple Cali burritos from Lolita's please? K thanks
Twitter famous people really prosper off their followers
Dempsey is the one to watch in
I remember 2nd term when I used a quote from mean girls in my essay and got a C
I'm just waiting for this game to star
I don't care if he just tied the game against my team \"Jordie\" is not an appropriate name for an adult.
The bird is sick. Have some sympathy monsters.
1-0 USA can't believe it
My feet are on tennnnn
I just want to enjoy a nice cold beer
trying to make amends
Who lives in Seneca springs like everyone's like I do but tf like under ground or what bitch.
It just hurts for your heart to be wrong
NYC scores late here and is now trailing 24-18. An onside kick is coming.
Last day of my summer class and my final
I feel so happy right now !
Have you ever really listed to the song more boys I meet by ? It's my life to the T.
At the game I got to see my first live play review hahah and I thought it was the coolest thing.
What a fucking shot
THERE ARE BLOOD ON MY CONVERSE FROM SPRINTING TO GET CLOSE TO ED
Everyone Buy you wont regret it ! Shawns amazibgi amazing ! MAKE SHAWNS !!! \nFallow me
All hail Lennie Briscoe, king of dad jokes.
\": i need a break from everything\"
gracias a dios messi hizo un gol. que de boludeces nos vamos a evitar leer
FUCK WORK HOW AM I MISSING THIS USA USA USA
My dog really needs to stop shitting in the house
More aware then ever that I might never be calm again.
I can't wait to see what this Summer has to offer.
my advice to myself is to think less and Instagram more
Just ran into Boo from OITNB in the Castro, omg how awesome
I almost just died
Going to the beach as soon as I wake up tomorrow rt
Coming Together Is A Beginning; Keeping Together Is Progress; Working Together Is Success.
One more hour &amp; its the weekend.
HOLY SHITTTTTTTT CLINTTTTT DEMPSEYYYYY
Driving around the first hour and a half of work... Awesomeeeeee
My phone is on 13% and it could die for all i care , cause i aint charging it
All I do after the gym it watch tvd
Drugs are the best thing to happen to me since food
Now what do I do on Sunday nights?
Someone should really hmu or dm me, something
The Parties last night was aiight nothing too crazy
If I die before I wake up, I pray to the Lord my soul to take, my soul to take.
Shorty on punishment for using her mom computer to catfish Miranda
That's what we been waiting for
I want 2 ride my bike and play soccer lol
Today's going to be wild. And I mean really wild because it's not just Americans out on the loose today, Colombians too
When things start finally falling into place and all the negativity is gone, I can finally think clearly.
I don't know who's more annoying.. My brother or peter
I just lost one of my BIGGEST FANS and I am so sad idk how I'm going to sleep R.I.P. Mr. Ben
Just having watched the thrilling , I foolishly thought Supremes might be sensible on . But no. Bad ruling.
It'd be alot easier to get out of bed if the sun was out
I say about 40 of us hit our local bodegas and buy lotto tickets. Winner splits it with the rest of us.
Just watched some programming and just realized that is super hot.
Dunkin on bi**hes!!
\"I don't see what facebooks obsession with which type of inanimate object they are\"
Niall has really nice fingers they looks so soft
I think I might have finished one or two G2s in senior year. I finished like 3 a quarter freshman year... and I have ochem next year....
Man. A day filled with an influx of PenTest training. Cool labs though. Which is a refreshing change from the norm. &gt;
Just finished season 8 of Took me 4 weeks to watch the entire series. I want to be friends with them! Can't wait for the movie!
I was considering seeing the new movie Begin Again until I realized that it including the acting debut of Adam Levine. No thank you!
I gotta be up in 61\/2 hours fuuuccckkkk
I just want someone to say I'm small
I'll try and not think about it. Shit has me.trippin'
Living on the nice side is cool until you have to walk 8 blocks for a Dutch.
when people are in bad moods and find any reason to argue &lt;
I'm spending my 4th of July doing the most American of activities, chatting with a Comcast tech support agent who doesn't know anything.
This rain right now is sooo amazing to fall asleep to
please dont have a broken nose
Almost midnight and still here. Karl the fog is a bastard
Eating too many marshmallows for my own good
How could he not put wondo in wow
Greece need to hire Mourinho as head coach. Would win every worldcup playin defensive, bus parking football
That's looks gruesome. I guess it'd be nice to have Donovan..
Wait, why don't they make a triple threat match, have Kane tombstone Cena, Orton RKO him, then Kane lays down for Orton.
Doesn't change lebron is the best player in the league right now and I'm nowhere near a lebron fan I'm just stating facts
Taking a break from driving at the Refugio State Beach.
Michael is drunk someone take his phone away
Carmelo Anthony to meet with Bulls Tuesday; Rockets, Mavs Wednesday; Lakers next week, sources say.
I'm about to start a twitter war with Cobb
I'm thankful I've found out who my real friends are these last couple of days...
A 40oz of MGD is a horrible pre workout
check my nigga avi.....it predicted the future
Don coqui not gonna know how to act now that the kardashians was there
So glad was around on her day off! She WAS there and gave her all. Thank you for pushing us beyond comfort
My mom acts so concerned about my eating habits but I don't see her cooking me any healthy food or healthy snacks... So...
All this rain needs to be non existent cause I want to see the beach today.
English Love Affair - best fucking song
I want to go to Disney land, sixflags, California, get a new bed and a new bed set, get my next two tattoos and new extensions
I literally can not believe I am working a double right now
My sister should just do play-by-play commentating for the World Cup.
Everybody on twitter trying to be like inspirational and shit
I would never call someone I use to love a thot cuz its not right but I will cut em of so fast idc anymore like tf\n
Over for the heat haha
I don't know what I'm saying half the time
Benched your fatass mom . Who's the real MVP now
What the fuck is a were-jaguar.....?
So mad I missed the walk off by crush last night
Watching my favorite show from the beginning
Oh shit! I almost forgot about tonight!
I wish when I become an agent for the FBI I can build that connection Benson and Stabler had. Dream partner.
We got a good thang, don't know if imma see ya again
Cailyn is makin some weird ass noises in her sleep rn
Idk if I'm happy or sad about it
Josh is sidestage for echosmith I'm ONNA cry
I'd like to give a toast to everyone I never knew.
It's the . Let's all celebrate.
These guys have no respect for girls.. Even theirs
The littlest things mean the most to me
Dempsey isn't coming out for that bro
I think I am in the maggot whole foods
I wonder how my nintendogs are doing
Cerone to Cano: You Blew It
Literally going to cey my dogs been gone for 15 mins
And dean is snoring rn... But if I wake him up he might just kill me
Not hungry, right now but I'm awake in time for a BEC so....you know.
Please Everryone Have Sweeet Dreams Rest Well To Nordstrom and My Other Credit Cards I will pay allllof u
I got bitches having babies every week
This dog is making the ugliest noise I've ever heard
Job: Personal DJ for me at work. Requirements: Must be awesome. Must like great music. Available to bring me lunch and water.
\": The answer is, in my opinion: satisfaction of the desires and needs of all, as far as...\"
I sound like I'm gonna cry
It's always best to hold hands
$ hoorayniall $ ur acc is rlly cute :D ilu
Papi preguntandome que si quiero ver a Romeo -.- No gracias a ver un humano igual que yo, Hablarme de Katy Perry
Calvin Harris set for EDC was so damn good. I can't get over it ..
the guys at 6 flags are scummy af
It bothers me so much how my math teacher sounds like Linda Belcher from Bob's Burgers
It's just gr8 RT: Rachelle likes my nose (':
I have two seats in my car who wants to beach it tomorrow
I miss talking to you but meh it's coo
That was a ballerina kick though
OMG Andrew farted in the car and it smells like rotten eggs! The joys of boys
If you're in love you're they lucky one, because most of us are bitter over someone.
Not looking forward to this hour and half ride home
Enamorar te de alguien que nunca sabias de su pasado es lo peor que Puedes hacer
It only takes 30 seconds to score.
I need to stop taking naps until 9:30 at night
Hudson pitches tomorrow. So there's that.
It's so hot right now!!! I hate it
why does everybody now have an obsession with Calvin Klein undergarments
Cannot take Clint out no matter what
The bronx gives me insomnia ughhh
Happy summer I'll be in bed at 10:30. Thank mom.
That was me &amp; the homies shit when we were little kids
She's dumb bc the only thing I've ever taken from her room are my clothes that she claims are hers and oh my god fucking move outtttt
Grill Master J and I say the night is still young so who's down to do something fun
Wait did USA score or something
Yo why the fuck spiders coming outta my air vents nah that shit ain't supposed to happen
Going to bed. Worthless. Fuckin sick of everything.
Thanks to everyone that came out tonight. I had an awesome time meeting friends new and old at my first .
That defence tho!
That before pic was serious. .... Damn
That knot in your throat when you wanna cry but you hold it in&lt;&lt;
Looked at pictures of me on Instagram and realized you deleted all our photos. Congratulations on being the biggest baby ever
If you live in Rockville Centre and think right on reds are a go. You will be honked at endlessly by me and flipped off.
Am i the only one who cries when an explosion happens in Lebanon?!
Hes not holdin u down , hes holdin u back...
Speaking of Gil Hodges he is the manager I grew up watching--learned so much as a kid listening to him talk to Bob, Lindsey, and Ralph
whenever I hear the band \"Sugar Ray\" it just reminds me of splish splash..
I don't really care at this point but it's crazy what I do for my friends
Ohhhhh ill never be that girl agaaaain
heard a story today about a girl falling asleep with whitestrips on and she woke up and her teeth were see-through.
Mormon boys tryna get it haha
sad to think I haven't been able to have crabs this summer, only in MD
\"it's a rock concert, what is this,Iraq? \" lol...I don't like long island.
Don't know what I'd do without Charlie, I love that he loves me so unconditionally
Sleepless nights are when it hurts the most
In my opinion Lenny dykstra was the most electrifying plAyer too put on a mets uniform
Publishing stats by agency would be awesome.
Lorde is definitely an artist I would see live at some point.
A life without taking risks is not a well lived life
\": Artists are not brands, their humans.\" Ahem... CORRECTION... WE'RE HUMAN
How can people still be in love with their ex but start a new relationship ?
Listening pays some dividends
Cool ass day wit my boyfriend we bouta go get high
blocking you outta my life is what's best for now!
ESPN announcer speaking about Joey Chestnut: \"We watched him grow up here. He was just a kid. Now he's a stoic monster.\"
If you're tweeting anything that is irrelevant to the game rn.. Just hold off till after the game cause you're ruining the twitter hype
I FEEL SOMETIMES ALIKE I GOT 2000 ARMS 2 LEGS &amp; A MULTITAKS of K.Y I PRAY FOR CHINA 40 days 40 nights of RAIN?
Aw someone forgot to tell Demi it's summer
Was not expecting twitter to be this fucking lame today, but then I remembered today is a holiday.
Not complaining about that but why lol
You can't even figure out what you did wrong huh smh
Sometimes I just want to kick chelsie in the throat
I honestly shouldnt be surprised anymore
Live every night like it's your last
Switching to classy! Less sneakers, more loafers!
Fathers Day win for the A's and a series win!
A mi no me dan FAVS ni por equivocacion!
Cause I love ya , and I know ya now 8'.
Season three of breaking bad is turning out to be a snooze fest
What the hell kinda drugs am I on
You be my glass of wine, I'll be yur shot of whiskey
I'm glad that today happened. It made me realize and accept things that I hadn't before.
Love how no one knows how to answer their phones
Oh so very happy for a monday, feel good
this guy kills me. I fucking can't.
Well I got one hell of a view of that thunderstorm
My followings and followers are always at equilibrium
Trying to make use of all 40 cores. Not so trivial, but still only a few days of mucking around when done in Haskell
Y can't I get warm about to go a 4th blanket
Seriously, is CA the only State in the Union NOT getting rain?
I seriously love summer camp bc it's so refreshing to meet cool new people that have nothing to do with school LOL
:) RT BREAKING: Apple's next pro photo app to be named \"Selfie\".
I would like to make money by playing with puppies all day, please and thank you
Yo anyone who wants to go to public viewong tomorrow in NYC just text me and i'll give you all the details
I'm from the US, but the team from Ghana are wearing tighter shirts. I've never been so conflicted.
As long as your momma love ya don't ever love a women!
Yooooo that was sick!!!
Ok ladies all is well texted me instructions to get the Bachelorette on
I drink my champagne out the bottle, I don't fuck with no glass!!!
aka LasVegas aka SinCity aka &amp; aka aka
i look so pissed off in most of my baby photos i was done with everyone's shit at the age of 2
This could be the start of something new it's feel so right to be here with you...&lt;3
Tryna scroll up n get something to eat
For the last 2 hours I've been Vibing by the pool to some Mac Miller. Summers going to be great
Perks of working at a restaurant: \n\nfree food &amp; kool aid
It makes me laugh how naive ppl are..like seriously?...lol
Bitch, pull up in my mentions, I fucking dare you.
Fav if your going to UMG dallas
Tbh I love Amir more and more everyday
Why does Deadwood only have three seasons? Why do I watch shows that have been canceled?
30 sec goal
I love the subtle exchanges that us British share. Something weird happened at the jam and all had to say to me was \"yeah.\"
Me and killed the dance floor when the bachata came on.
Solo uvek idem dalje k'o da sam Dylan Dog
This documentary on the USA team is getting me beyond pumped for the game later
Mountain Dew is the ultimate fat person drink.
My appearance naturally makes me red white n blue
Finally got to watch the wow...im...at a loss for words.. wow..just wow..it just gets better and better every season
lied fo ma lyfe\nrevealed my spanish major\nhe did say i seemed like a new meh
I've been eating, watching a movie, laying on my carpet, making paper planes, walked outside for 5min, eating......I've been bored af today.
So ms. Gesualdi is having an end of the year party. Who wants to crash it with me?
You're so broken and rotten inside... It's just sad. All I can do is pray for ya.
your voice is soft like summer rain
Miller high life tastes like 10 day old keg beer.
Get, get, get, get low when the whistle blow
Reasons why my mother is the ultimate cunt. Bc doesn't get laid.
I walk to the sound of my own drum.
ill be so sad when jacob gets verified
no la puedo amar tanto a mi no via
No there ain't no rest for the wicked,\nuntil we close our eyes for good.
Another reason why it's the best sport
Wish things were like how they used to be
911 I'm babysitting freshman smut send help
.please live tweet ur Vegas endeavors so I can live vicariously trough you guys.
Cut it up Inna di weed it badda
I wish I had bitches tho lol
Using everything in my power to not fall asleep right now
Ran into today at - i've always loved her
This is a lot of Macy's to take in.
Tbh I only follow to watch all the ratchet central Washington schools duke it out by getting mad about sports titles
when your gym friend accidentally ends up behind you, dancing in your . Makes you delete.
I'm the reason ya block is vacant
New York is a different type of pretty
The intro to Iron Man is debatably the best intro to a super hero movie
AMERICAN YOU KNOW I HAD TO COP THAT FOREIGN
About to get crappy service cause we're getting into the hills I guess
Flannelz all day, everyday, no matter the weather
\"Closely held corporation\" is merely a facade found for its outrageous decision. It's not a matter of size. That's bogus
Just got off work. Hell of a 12 hour shift.
I see your drinking 1%. Is it cause you think your fat?
Never riding the bus ever again
I never take baq my words
I guess I'm happy, in love &amp; confused.
I don't even know what's real, I'm just being real.
That will break twitter!!!
my phone just killed itself after seeing my tweets so now im on the computer
This France vs Germany game is going to be so live!
You say that I am flawless, true perfection.\nSo give me all your drugs, props, money, and connections.
Do you ever just think about someone and immediately get really happy because their mere existence puts a smile on your face?
Why does everybody hate on Lebron, atleast he trys...
hey screwed up.. my frnd flew to meet me on a trip but I gave him the wrong return date.. options outside of 200chg fee
U create your owe shit, we don't live in dream, ppl will always hate u, but if u have 8 ppl hating u, than u better step it up to 10.
It's a revolutionnnn
Living downstairs in a room with no windows is a blessing and a curse
I don't give a fuuuuuuck, keisha
Happy forth of July ya queers
Sometimes the stuff you do, will NEVER be forgotten
Primero pierdan la vida y no esa costumbre.
This game just never ends does it
Rule 1: don't like someone that has a girlfriend. \nRule 2: just cause there's a goalie doesn't mean you can't score. \nDo you see my dilemma?
\": How are you getting ready for the USMNT game? Tweet us your photos with . Best tweets make it on-air.\"
I wish I took more pictures last night haha
I want to watch a good movie but idk which one ._.
bored mnko oy tara nana huks
Robben was Fouled in the box in the 1st half no penalty was awarded Marquez left his leg out Justice got served at the end
Did we like Don Jon, y'all?
damn I wish I didn't wake up
I'm so glad our goalkeeper is Key from Key &amp; Peele
St. Louis, MO just megged
This fake Rasta!!! Ugh! And they yellow carded him
Dude, was that seriously someone dressed up as Teddy Roosevelt in the stands?
All these movies need to be seen
But I love that woman though
Aaron Gordon got moved up all the way to in the mock draft? Interesting.
Best I ever had tits don't lie
I hate not being able to sleep overthinking way to much lately
Gotta go with Germany since I was born and raised in Berlin.
It's not the technology, it's how you use it: Great first column by for
making the font smaller on my phone has really changed my life
I would be very curvy if I was skinny
Nobody will care about my concerns, which I while I handle all my business according whether you like it or not!
having dark skin is not something to be sad about! dark skin is beautiful! fuck European beauty standards!
Irrelevant. US expects allies to prevent funds for terrorists. US should cut all cash to Palestinians.
What I mean by \"ain't shit niggaz\" I mean those guys that don't get up and grind and have nothing going for them.
Too white for the summer, too black for this neighborhood
When the salted tears wont dry ill wipe my shirt under your eye
The best rap maybe Lauren Hill on \"Ready Or Not\"
A guy had a teen wolf shirt on today and it made my life
Why couldn't you just stay away and let me be...
pharrell payed homage to beyonce + jay z in his speech \nso happy all my favorite creatives are friends!
Ni hao, y'all: In reversal, U.S. hinterlands woo Chinese firms via .
You're the drug running through my veins, &amp; the crash right after
the weather in the bay is perfect.
Every other day I come to the realization that I am a psycho
Lana is a Goddess. She's pure perfection.
Follow me so I know it's real
These past few months have been full of change putting a lot into perspective.
I didn't even know she was black lmao
wazy wulff wont woast wa wades on warent wortal
MESIIIIIIIIII!!! What a boss
psh soccer looks easy
\": Am I the only that crys from being so angry.\"
oh right you didn't ask me. nevermind then
Actually just threw up cause Sydney forced me to look at some man with BLISTERS ALL OVER HIS FACE BYE
I hate stupid bitches smh this girl wont stfu wt her hoe ass
not even gunna get tight nomore, I don't even want to get even tbh
Wade forcing it
Bitches fooheadd lookinn HUGE with these braids .
Waking up with you right next to me is my favorite thing in the world.
Frick you, Jermaine Jones
Just Trynna be nice but nooo...
Since when Toronto blue jay is in first place in their division?!
I don't understand how people can go to sleep dirty
Thots are thots bc niggas crave after-the-club-not-trynna-go-home-alone pussy
Has to trend!!\nWe need O &amp; A to stay!!!!!
Fuck it after orientation I'm hopping on plane and going to California
I'm getting close with Kayla and i love it
Wow another great throw at the plate DUDE IS AWESOME
.very handsome. Very swag. I like it...
Deadass 1-1 rn
Gotta be careful. Chick find out you a hip hop fan... drop a couple big, jay or pac lyrics and yo ass be sprung lol
OBVIOUSLY NOT ME CAUSE I RARELY WEAR MAKEUP AND IM COMPLETLY FINE WITH IT
I don't get why it takes some people hours\/days to pack. It takes me like 10 minutes...
I just love sleeping on the floor
Double soccer sessions kicked my ass today
I usually don't look back on or regret the past but I let a great person walk right out of my life...
I mean i gotta be out at the end of the month and ive never been so scared in my life
You got unfollowrd sorry i reaally dont give a fuck
\": In charity there is no excess. ~Francis Bacon\"
Joel Campbell stepped up to the plate. Atta boy
Cuffing season is over. Time to dick em and drop kick em
Open house pool party either on the 11th, 18th, or 19th of July. Would anyone be down?
My bed is like heaven right now
You can't find love in a strip club
How did I make top pic wow out of all people
Vamos a meter otro gol
What a crack!
I feel like Portugal doesn't want to be in the FIFA
Bahh now everybody in King ! King blade king daddy king fake.... bahhh don't copy (pleas look for your own style)
If you don't support the USA, then you're a terrorist
Yo Busta Rhymes really doesn't have a neck lol!!!
alex is going to have a kid with luke and me and cal are going to be the god parents
We will be doing more giveaways and stuff like that due to this week being our blog's anniversary week!!!!! :D ^Bud
Seeing things from 2013 \"2013 is gonna be a great year\" ...where have you been? Open your eyes we are half way through 2024
When you're laying in bed trying to dance and you realize you look like you're doing the worm.
The irony in Katie Perrys line 'lemme getchu in your birthday suit, it's time to break out the BIG BALLOONS' *chuckles*
I go 0 to 100 real quick, real quick!
Is this gunna effect aviciis NY show ?
I could watch the dark knight everyday. Great movie and very well done. Top 5 I've ever seen.
So I won't let you close enough to hurt me
Finally off. Let me clean my room and work on my video
She smoke good she fuck good who knew
Why be awake when I could like not be lol, see ya fgets
Sing until your lungs give out
*waits for twitter to blow up about Sosa
If anyone sees fiona mcbreen please call 911 shes been missing for an hour and a half rt to spread the word
Dwayne wade is a definition of a chump right now
SZA x Kendrick Lamar - Babylon
Happy Day! pick coming up!
leave an in a and that he or she had ?
Hoping to get something nice in return.
sjneider is mad .
Lincecum my favorite pitcher he back at it
My last RT is that game I DONT PLAY. If you try that one with me i'll tweet at you 700 times
It's 11:53 and there's already more than half of us who cried to tonight... SOS
My baby hairs need to do something with themselves other than what they're doin 24\/7 on ma head
No mamen ya pongan a Chicharito
USA!!!!!!!!!!fucking killing JT Dempsey baby!!!
I love watching my bank account grow
Just on break hanging out in the break room and the next thing I know I'm waking up thirty minutes later lol
Great to meet &amp; banter with &amp; in Foley's Irish Pub in San Fran last night.
Two strangers learn to fall in love again
On my way back home. Vegas bound. Good bye Cali
I hate how people dont use white lighters. Like I do &amp; I need lighters so give them to me! As long as it lights my shit Idc what color it is
Pabon and Alexa are so cute at work and shit
This city never ever ever sleeps! Ahhhh I'm loving you more and more each day!
James is mad they losing... Hahaha!!!
i am literally in love with the fact that ariana grande's brother is on because he is AMAZING.
I live for the characters in me...and I will die for them as well.
I am majorly creeped out by Gone Home. Dark house, creaky doors, thunderstorm, no sign of living people.
Messi did it to them
Its a shame I'm Jamaican and haven't been there yet
Dewpoints are still around 70 which is very high but will drop off tonight and tomorrow-Sunday is looking less humid and sunny!
It's sad that people are shy singing the N word in rap songs in public , I still feel awkward singing Pick A Bale of Cotton
Can't wait for this drake concert
brooklyn RT : 1) where you from?
I remember when she was mad young doing youtube videos
So , is the new SportsCenter studio really as big as it looks? It looks like the desk is in the middle of an airplane hanger.
Ride by somo right now &lt;33
Gotta spend $182 on some bs summer class for sac st. Fuck dot
\": So will this Ghana goalkeeper be the new celtic goalkeeper\" he's Ghana be a bhoy :)
Finally the streets get to hear some more
So I feel like I could burst into tears any second. about nothing.
brah lol \"Ain't no respectable woman fuckin 6 dicks in one year\"
Benefit for Steve Skipton tonight at Adelphias .
On demand TV shows with commercials are some kind of bullshit.
Beach after school tomorrow, if you're not there you're gay
You can barley trust anybody these days
Lebrons on the bench, Parker's taking it to the rim every possession
Big Brother is back on, YESSSSSS. That's my fav show!
I'll be right by ya side till 3005
I BELIEVE. I BELIEVE THAT.
Duncan's gunna rail his wife tn
My bitch cousin said \"i don't like Louis, he doesn't do anything\"\n\nLouis actually does every fucking thing I hate how he's unappreciated
If that's the fight I'm gunna give the W to Sarah, in an overall weak fight in general
Is there a male version for the word \"thot\" ?
Gollll del diosssssss
Bill O'Reilly is so aggressive I love it
57' NYAC get a Freekick in dangerous territory but it's wide of the goal.
Better watch ya bitch cause she looking nigga
Screw it bring in Leonardo Dicaprio .. For America my bru!!!!!!
Listening to a first date between a very pretty girl and a flamboyantly European man. His quotes to follow.
ALL YALL THAT SAID WE WOULD LOSE FUCK OUTA HERE MOTHERFUCKERS LETSS GOOO
I hate when I hide alc and I find it at the most random times
Y'all didn't see that vine I just RT'd
And Miami was up 16 tonight right?
You told me that you wanted this, I told you it was all yours, if your done with it, then whyd you say forever for?
So as long as it's from you, attitude is fine, but if even the hint of \"tone\" comes from me, that's when it's unacceptable
Why is everyone so surprised I ate waffles rn?
5 successful PK's. How is your nerve???
Pay less than &amp; for a ride. Book yellow cab online, comments put cash only. Greed. They don't turn on counter. Pay what you want
THERE COMES A TIME WHEN THE GLORY BUSTING FORTH IN AND THROUGH YOU, WILL REBUKE THE DEVIL...THE GLORY OF GOD PROTECTS YOU ..AND COVER YOU.
SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP
i hate being fat . i rather have no tits than be fat .
5 let me say it again 5 DAYS UNTIL AAAAAAHHHHHHH
are for real, don't forget they surpassed AND wow
Tim Howard does not care for your decent, knuckling strikes from 18+ yards. Just FYI.
Shit is acting gay -____-
Once you've been born you don't need a mother. (where'd I hear this?)
All They Wanna Talk About Is Partying And Fashion
\"Do you like military men?\"\nNO i like rich men -
so tired post hannahpocalaypse 2014 waking up at 6 to work smh
Roman Reigns did the best Paul Bearer voice impression.
I should take a bus selfie.
Let's talk a jury my bffs and how they are my favorite Brooke
Pour vous que navez aucun match de la saison, nekk beu Playoffs ak finals di oubi sene leufeul ndey dinou tankal.. Sene bounou ndey waye
Hate that you only talk to me if and when it's convenient for you
I need to stop complaining and appreciate that I get a fresh start and a new opportunity.
So ready to be back in AZ but I definitely need more time in Rocklin
even if you fucked up 100% I will still be by your side
That was not a red
I feel like I'm a galaxy away from you...
I wish there was a World Cup for Football
Needless to say he wasn't happy
Since it's official, I can now officially say I can't wait to see at theSummit at this year :D
I've never been so excited to take our my anger on a tennis ball
How do 5 people make this much of a mess!?
87. Of number . me and you well wez niggas (: you're a true homie tbh: pulse nigga you something else cx
These dudes won't show up anyways
My roommate tries to wake me up every morning. My new deflection is \"go away or I'll rub my morning wood on you.\" It works.
How am I getting hungry again? Wth
GET DICKED BETO.
totally by the 'Cuse
excuse me auto correct stop fucking up my sexts. thank you.
\": Signing yearbooks is breaking my heart :(\"
Another wonderful dinner ! Looking forward to brunch here in a few weeks.
\": not you fool ctfu\"lol w.e. but are you home ?
Rudy Gay opted back in! \\o\/
Best time to be a Canadian tennis fan. Eugenie in women's final, Pospisil in dubs final, Nestor in mixed &amp; Raonic's playing Federer in semis
YOU GOT YOUR HANDS UP, YOU'RE ROCKING IN MY TRUCK, YOU GOT THE RADIO ON, YOU'RE SINGING EVERY SONG
She thinks that nobody cares about her problems, and she's probably right.
If it ain't about Money I don't give a daym!!
I'm super behind but what's all this going on with Kermit the frog tho
Fuck it idiot Jeff Kellogg second base umpite get some glasses
Lol his face expression
My family went out dinner and got Mexican without me w t f
and i just couldn't take it you're so mothafuckin flawless. flawless, baby you're flawless.
Yo they might really take this .....
Updating my phone after a year....
Ok I'm done I'm too lazy for that shit man you're all wonderful and hot
Ana is more of a sister to me than my actual sister
I even put on my sick penguin socks! Now I have nothing to do but sit in my bed and watch PLL all night. Again
Bitch. Go tuck your pussy back in, shit look like two pancakes giving a round of applause
Awww I don't wanna Riley go through this though. LMAO
ZAAAAAMMMMMNNNNN\": You know it's bad when a nigga kick you out then wack off\"
Gooooooaaaallll!!!! USA - group of death and taking it on! Awesome!
I have no recollection of what I did.
My mom takes books she reads as fact. Don't be like my mom.
Wat u doing?
C'est grv gueeeeez j'ai dormis 10h
very fun first half
aw I'm so happy for cam
This scorpion is gonna look dope as fuck
Already US scores
Of course the first time I get cruised on during my cigarette break it's by a guy whose not even cute and instead a total creep
Someone go to a summer concert with me!
Humbled by the love and light of the Universe that shines through in the individuals who surround me.
Soo close lets go USA
I feel like a break through is coming ..
finish this SA
Oh what a wonderful world...
I guess I like country now ...
i have 3 sisters but only 1 is coming to my graduation:-) soooo sweet of them
Tired of yalls fake ass apologies yo
Got me wrapped up in your touch
Hey come be rednecks with me sissy n budlight
i'm really surprised there aren't more tinder-related murders...
life would be much easier if I didn't overthink every little thing
Is it necessary to your boyfriend every Monday?
Today is mine &amp; my sisters day all she ever does is bitch this is why i never spend time with you
Mexico got their shit together tbh, they deserve to be in this World Cup.
Stop subbin me you got my number p
What big stars are swiping their card tonight
analog photos or the show didn't happen
If Greece don't score by the end of this extra time, I think chances are high that they'll lose in the penalties.
THIS MATCH IS FUCKING INSANE!!!!
Man it's so hard to not act reckless.
Too lazy to save your number
the picture quality was horrible for some reason though
Damn man I'm so mad I'm not at the beach
Like seriously it's not even a big deal id be completely cool with it if you didn't lie like what was the point of that
Who remembers the song todo el mundo mea ?
I swear everytime I see oomf she takes my breath away.
I wonder if we will even be friends a year from now then again idk if we're even friends rn or what our deal is
Ginobili is on fire
You're annoying af.
T'was a woman who drove me to drink...and I never had the decency to write and thank her.
*sheds a tear bc christiano ronaldo*
I say lol bc I have the chem regents tomorrow
Cant wait for the hotdog eating contest. Its the only sport i give a shit about.
He has two black eyes he absolutely broke his nose. What the hell was his leg doing that high anyway?
this nigga keeps crossing my side like no i need as much leg room as i can
Gym on the 4th of July who would've ever thought
I don't think you should have a fire when it's windy but we did it anyways so oh well
Pee wee Herman is my father
deserved every minute of that W.
vou ser muito besta se eu continuar shippando taoris?
Who else is going to the Orlando date of Warped?
Unexpectedly different Rhapsody in Blue hold music
These Africans can't even afford a soccer ball how you expect them to beat USA
Stfu I can do what I please, whenever I please
I'm so happy that just happend right now, finally god has given me a sign!
Told myself I was going to sleep early tonight
Js watched 300 lol it ain't nothing cut that bword off
That was the entertainment for June and I during the ceremony
No voy a superar este puto finde
Contemplating going downstairs and making some macaroni, then eating it straight out the pot....
Pretty pissed my mom went to ria mar with out me...
Madison Square Garden Channel - a channel I did not know about until tonight is playing \"This is Spinal Tap\"
Being Samoan I come from the Island. Muthafucka.
I've been in bed for the past 2 days and I've been very successful saving money.
im home alone &amp; im literally having a heart attack
Once you cross the line nigga I don't know you
I identify with Joseph Kony on an emotional level.
My cat gets more likes on instagram than me.
This guy got a parasite in his brain cuz he ate a Caesar salad.. then ppl ask why I dont eat healthy
amigas en el whatsapp 3217468740
We need a wild card in the local democratic race in NYC. Where's when you need him??
Ant gettin me Mickey D's just hit the spot
That goal was beautiful.
I want \"everything i didn't say\" played at my funeral . please
These guys are gassed out
If soccer was this rough all the time I'd probably watch it more often
So many vinyl so little time
The farm life is not for me
RT Here we go: Three more outs needed. 9-8 Vanderbilt over Virginia, going to the bottom of the ninth.
Want to throw my phone across the street
OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDD
My ear has been popped for like forever... This is irritating
\"How Can You Learn Unconditional Love If You're Married To A Women Who Meets All Your Conditions?\" Well That's Life Gotta Deal Wit It So
Damn that was sexy.
The bae wants to have a movie night (; oooolala
Jill is on a rant about nature what
God dam I fucking miss you.
I am just overly ecstatic about where I am in this life as a Comedian, Father, and Man!
This guy said started for the bottom now we at the top smh
61' BROOKLYN GOAL BY YVENER GURRIER SCORES WITH A PERFECTLY PLACED HEADER! Dan Herrerra with a great cross that puts Brooklyn ahead. 1-0
Ana keep smacking and sht
i feel like such a sucky human being
You can say and preach all you want that you don't give a fuck. But you do. It's human nature to give a fuck.
I've noticed when I'm ovulating I become more emotionally attached to men
Breaking news: just proposed to his girlfriend on stage!
\"Damn even your retweets are sassy\" tru I'm always a bitch
Who trying to do something now like I'm really bored now? Anyone please! !!
Happy Birthday Bae I Miss You !!!
My hair looks likes Corbin blue's in high school musical 2
It's just another day..
cramps are the absolute worst
Watch the aftershow of teenworf be this bitch kate talking about herself
I'm beginning to think our football games are being watched.
Just want to see transformers but no one wants to go with meh
Nothing says independence like a 90min ride with .
When the Day Met the Night \/\/ Panic! At the Disco
MY HAIR IS STUCK IN MY BED FRAME SEND HELP
You know you hit rock bottom when even Mitchell Stevens doesn't wanna hang out with you
Lets hope that Mexico learned from that last U.S game and not slack of last minute we wouldn't want any last minute ties here now.
I spend more time with my friends families then I do with my own
not even an hour into the drive and I've already strained my vocal chords
I just don't got an Instagram yo !
This is taking foreveeeer! Why guys are so addicted to basketball? I know its cool but it's annoying me right now. Lol can we just go out??
goodness I feel like just saying stop texting me but thats so mean!
Kickoff! I believe that we will win!
But is it really truly in my plans? Or did God mix up my blueprints?
\": That depressing moment when you realize the trash goes out more than you...\" oh ..
Why is everyone fucked on chem I'm like overly confident about this regents
Subtweets are effective idc!!
Hmmm do I wanna go to Akron falls or the beach..
What happens when you eat lots of samples at the register counter?
Feeling great with 10 hours of sleep
I think I'm hilarious but I'm not
Workman breaks out the signature curveball right when we need it most
By the end of this summer I'm going to sweet chin music somebody
Diego reyes is good idk why he didn't get much playing time
Why does it not surprise me that you would ignore me
Kind of tempted to buy a new pair of vans to wear to graduation because I'm having no luck finding shoes to wear
How does one have \"dry intimate skin\", ?
Well it wasn't even a cross it went straight out
\"You can't sore with the eagles if you're out hooting and hollering at night with the owls\" haha thanks gma
Happy birthday to the stud can we move in yet ?
Juan Gutierrez sucks, been saying it all year
Someone text me, I'm so bored
it's so sad this is the latest I've gone to bed in a while
Spurs are too Damn good
1:30 into it and 1-0
Beer cans on Silhoutte. First time on a First 40.7
I swear you send chills down my spine .
ughhh this is going to suck so bad in a couple monthsssss
Can't wait for Steve to call me at 9:50 tomorrow and tell me come in at 10
I cant wait to be back
Cash Rules Everything Around Me Cream Get The Money Dollar Dollar Bill Yall-C.R.E.A.M
Thinking about how ratchet the black girls were in my graduation today.... whyyyyy lol
It's soooo hotttt
Oprah was in a movie .. where the fuck was it.
Staying up at night is only nice when you have somebody to keep you company.
Why are people trying to torture me with the food pics?
You know you've grown up in the hood when you hear gunshots and don't even bother to get down.
Sometime I think, I need to really make those 4800 laugh, then I realize only two of you are reading the feed, dead drunk.
NIGGA SAID IMMA GO TO CHURCH AND BECOME TWELVE AGAIN. IM SLEEP.
If it was up to me I would have figured you out.
Finally!!!!! Germaine Jones!!!!!!!!
I should just go to sleep .
Actually I'm just caring a lot
C'est parti pour 90mn France - Germany
Shortiessss gonna be at the club like YAS....but she really telling her BAE You Ain't Shit
Today has probably been one of the worst days of my life so far..
My brother just gave me the rest of his 86th and 5th halal to kill
Three words : Teen Wolf Tonight
My mom just texted me asking when I would be home...I've been in my bed for an hour now. It's nice to know that she thinks I have a life tho
I think I just had a 976-juice moment
What pisses me off is that after the World Cup Americans will forget about soccer
\": not all of these niggas \"aint shit\"\" thank you !
In other news I swear I'm the greatest shower singer alive
That feeling you get when your feeling some type of way towards someone, then they switch up on you over night. Whats new..
UGH I WISH I HAD TALKED TO HIM OMG IM FREAKING OUT
Happy 4th of July my fellow American kiddies!
just got to find a chick who's vagina tastes like vanilla haagen-dazs ice cream then my life would be complete
Someone talk to me while I attempt to study
Someone come see transformers with me
It's crazy how I wasn't even home to watch my baby in the tv but I still able to watch him!!!!!!
Enough entertainment tho, enjoying the rest of the night with my Mr &amp;&amp; in laws
I'm ready to leave but ik when I do ima be so home sick
Are you Vietnamese cuz I'm falling pho you
I feel the pain Tris and Tobias feel cause \"they're one\" and I just sit in my bed and cry a little
....Back on the bandwagon.
Why did I take that nap?
guys is it normal to have hair around my butthole?
OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!! MOREAU MOCK TRIAL WAS ACCEPTED INTO EMPIRE AND WILL BE GOING TO NEW YORK CITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
See why she said heat, she aint bout that life
It's pretty funny how every guy I talk to some one just has to take them from me... Lmao
Threw out all my school shit so I don't even have an option to study for finals
Having money left over on ya metro card &gt;
Damn the cut back then goal
Assuming shit can make you feel like shit
The refs do not call fouls in the box anymore at all lol
can a-trak stop commentting on my gf's ig photos. jeez
wtf is this award show even like
Woooooh going to stoneridge w\/ Layla, Ricky and Lelandzzz
First day !!
When's the day that I can win ? Where I'm stress free, I get into no arguments, and I just have a good day ..
Tenerte has been stuck in my head really badly lol
Niggas thirst you .. You just let em hurt you and leave
I NEED THAT LEBRON STRUGGLE FACE IMMEDIATELY
RONALDO IS \"THE BEST PLAYER\" BUT HE TAKES SHOTS LIKE THAT??
Hopefully there was no one in there!
I need more friends on snapchat anyone idc who
Envrai jla regrette un peu jsui vert jsai pa pk
Wimbledon started today and and Simona Halep are going the distance peeps
EVERYTHING I DIDNT SAY FIRST EVER LISTEN I CANT WISVOSHFJAOA
Dang!! Nice dunk
Trying to get her back v.v.. I need her... I love her... I miss her... Please... Take me back..? I love you... Please? v.v
Anyone but Jozy
No writers block i like to rap niggaaa
I won't fuck\nWith wreck room\nBut I don't wanna live\nIn the neighborhood \nWithout it
man I wish I had some weed up in my system
Bosnia is playing great against a team like Argentina. Gotta give them props
I don't like when hoes try to play my bros, especially when they fucking suck at trying to play people
Someone told me that they thought my eye shadow under my eye was cool. \nHoney. That's not makeup. Those are just grey bags.
my mom hates lil Wayne lmao
ii, its getting to the point where school is getting stupid &amp; theres no reason.
Think of when we got knocked on our asses - and got back up to forge ahead. Think about it...
Ginobli just said F you to the Heat
I got it , it makes me smile
I been craving coconut water for a min and a half doe
my mom just referred to Hitler in terms of MLK .. &amp; I'm like Hitler is like Europe .. &amp; she goes .. oh
Shipping and sales tax is my worst enemy
Hope Abi has a great day in football today
Beasley being active is way bigger than people think. He's a big help off the Heat bench.
I'm seriously the biggest asshole you'll ever meet
Happy B-Day America ... hope the the weather will b in ur favor
So many frogs at Sydney's house omfg stop croakin
Robbie Savage is probably the most annoying commentator in sports
Just singing that Haim song as \"Coffee and I\" because I'm your mom, apparently.
Today will be one of the most important &amp; impactful messages I have ever spoke at .
Coach and with these sparkles. I can't
Wow what a strike by Jones. He, Johnson, and Dempsey have been phenomenal.
I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD LIKE THAT TRENTA PASSION TEA AND LEMONADE WAS A NOT A GOOD IDEA
30 fucken seconds let's go
now ima just be selfish too right
I want to rule the world
Mais l'entraineur il attend quoi pr faire rentrer Boateng?!
Every time we talk I feel ecstatic babe could be the distance
I'm about to send my stepdad's picture to the FBI just to be sure...
So many hot guys in Tribeca
the jews keep looking at me like if I'm crazy or something
Stoll has such high expectations for me tomorrow haaaaa she's gone be very disappointed
Girl Meets World kicks off today!
Well I really hope my windows are closed
Independence Day parade and we got Darth vader and Bolivia dancers
captain america can get it
Ya'll keep talking about who's next, but i'm about as big as it gets, I swear ya'll just wastin' ya'll breath
Why am I craving in n out this early lol
Matt hits a go ahead grand slam in the championship of his tourney. Couldn't have been better karma. All for you Pop Pop.
So she's in jail and there's no bond, is she gonna get kicked off the US team??
I just want a chill hippie guy with an open heart and an enlightened mind.
\"Oh DARN! The hot dog eating contest was live streaming this morning!\"-
I just want to take this time out of my busy schedule to thank and for combining together and making
Little trials without God will break you. Big trials with God will make you. May you always find strength in God's love and faithfulness.
My main man Bochy. Happy Father's Day to this fucker.!
je suis kao ms jv tisor
Okayyy...emmm..Portugal. ..whats going on here
They dont love me no more
4th Of July = Wear A Flag Tank Top And Army Fatigue Day. Americans Are So Predictable And Literal. Fashion Is Dead.
Should I go to Electric Zoo this year?
when u smell the weed but cant find the source :'(
\"As far as i can tell it's just about letting the Universe know what u want and working toward it while letting go of how it comes to pass\"
Miss the boys
En hora buena para los pura vida mae. Viva Costa Rica.
Can discosure come out with a new album already?
if you don't call me there's a great chance I might develop a sssstutter pppplease don't do this to me.
1 week till the bday
I only wear sweats and gym clothes when I'm home bc lazy af
phil of the future is bringing back soo many memories
the weather for the afternoons looking straight
I think something beautiful about true learning is that you never feel like you're being taught..
Lavei meu cabelo. Agora vou secar meu cabelo
Lol so this Dell laptop is mine now
I wish I didn't have too throw away my timbs :\/
how does one say my first name correctly but mess up my last name?
WHITE PPL FAV THINGS TO DO:\n\n1. SHOOT UP SCHOOLS\n2. CALL U A NIGGER ON XBOX \n3. FUCK THEIR PETS\n4. CALL THE COPS ON U
Age 15:\"I just wanna be cool&amp;go to parties.\" \nAge 19:\"I just want pizza&amp;concert tickets. Who needs friends,I have tumblr.\"
2morrow I'm on The Today show w\/Hoda \/kathy Lee speaking about New show withI will also Talk about my book somehow!
We can do this all night
stamp people don't understand da 24\/7 grind
I still have Bjorns handprint on my chest
Afternoon cups of coffee release another level of hyper in me
We're the Millers is by far one of the funniest movie I've ever watched
First time at a game
May The Lord of Glory have mercy upon us all.
I love clit
I love how I talk to all y friends on the regular now
I played soccer with this Ukrainian dude and damn that nigga fast.
LMAO? uDirtyFatBastard;NewSong$Dance WeAintYourRibsButWeWillEatYouRibs.IWantMyBabyBottleBabyNottleBack;+) &amp;WeAreTheBabyBackRibs(O)
Id go to Kings Plaza now cause it's never crowded anymore and the ratchets only go for chipotle.
Let me go to sleep &amp; try to dream !!
listening to the birds chirp , so peaceful .
Who slaps iggy at 1:30 in the morning in the middle of the woods is the real question
Sitting here like a loner iz not da bidnesss but on the bright side I got free food
It was the freaking percocets .. those things would knock me out every 4 hours &amp; now that I'm not on them, I can't sleep
Sorry I like smoking weed ok jeebuss crust
This Next Month Could Change My Life And I'm Ready For It
i just want to be !!!!!!
Why were bellbottoms ever a thing? I hope they never make a comeback but i know they probably will bc people are crazy
About to quit my job and not go in today fuck that shit.
Another one of those days where I just had more time to think, and those days are the bad days. I constantly need something to do.
Someone convince me to actually study.
polo shoes n collard walmart shirt type shit
Super stressed out
My mom trying to trade cars hmmmm
How is bring it on 14 years old?!
And theres nowhere else for me to go but home, of course
Losing in penalty kicks is such a fucked way to be eliminated from the World Cup
Betch if you want a burger eat a burger if you want a French fry eat a French fry!
EAT OUR SHORTS PORTUGAL
Truth. RT: : Anger will eat you alive.
Why is that baby head so fuckn big ?
I get over the everyday things quickly \nI want what everybody else wants, I just want it differently
My mom is cancelling our Fourth of July party for the day.. Like wut
Patrice Bergeron is probably laughing at him with what he played with
Am I wrong for thinking that we could be something for real?
you're my lifesaver
I listen to a lot of NaS and a lot of Kid Cudi
We need Gonzalez and Yedlin off the bench.
I actually wasn't talking to u
Choke artist Ronaldo
Angelina Jolie has the most stunning and classiest tattoos. hope to be her one daaaay.
They promoting their tour like shit. This is business
Wow Emma and Jesus are little to intimate
Mom's ask me where I'm goin ?To my granny house bitch if you ain't knowin *YG VOICE
My dog is really chasing a fly around the house
So many flops in soccer
Went through all this hassle to get you this castle with a bunch of our little rascals
HOW IN THE WORLD DO I USE THE TRITATION FORMULA
Goal by the end of the summer is too stay awake for an entire movie
I hate going to bed with too much on my mind. Or maybe it's as soon as I lay down my mind starts to run wild. Or maybe I'm just losing it.
Make sure y'all wish my bro happy birthday... Real nigga wattup
you read too much into context.
when baes mad at you &lt;&lt;&lt;
If you don't know what guardians of the galaxy are just don't bother watching marvel movies anymore
girl i wanna be more then a friend ..to ya
Women's bowling needs to make a little more room in the trophy cabinet.
Awh shit I completely forgot, whoops oh well.
Every time I read over what I'm supposed to be able to do August i cry a little inside
lmfao when they called my boyfriends name i couldn't even yell no1 liked him
My life has consisted of developing myself into a good woman...
I'm sitting here thinking, \"Why am I so tired.\" Then I realize, I took my sleeping pills an hour ago. .
I'm up not sleepy just got in and got the free but still sleeping alone smh that don't sound right
I just want to get tattooed but in summer I'm out in the sun to much so it would be pointless and id ruin it
\"If you haven't found your path, don't worry you will.\" - Dr. T. Alan Hurwitz, President
Lol at all of you taking summer school
IF YOU SUCKIN THE DPURS COCK MIGHT AS WELL SMD TOO
I don wanna fall in love, I wanna fall asleep
Seems like the are giving up. Poor performance.
\"xxxpotato69xxx\" ya I send naked potatoes hmu
If someone ever put my address on twitter I'd bug
Well you won't be missed !
komikm iydi knk
Yeeeeeaaaaaa get in there 1-0
Anyone know when Belt will be with the baby Giants?
Fell in love with the Sloss Minor record. Power pop is alive and well.
USA USA USA!
Great day in NYC with Ellen. Lunch at the Brooklyn Diner. Then, the Carol King musical, . Loved it! Great performances!
Honestly regret not getting that fried cheesecake. Damn you Del Mar Fair!
Clash of Clans is REALLY addicting
\": oh\"i miss you em
I was suppose to run this summer...lol not happeninf
There we go
Bettman and Stern embraces the boos.
I'm pretty sure I rt more than I actually tweet
Day of delays \/ first the subway is broken with lots of apologies, now the plane's on the runway at JFK, and we've had 4 - ack
If you don't like it, learn to love it!
I fell in love with the girl at the rock show
Taking sips from the fountain of youth
1 out of 7 ppl in Puerto Rico hooked on drugs &amp; the islands hospitals are not equipped to handle.
New day = New grace, new chances, new blessings, new expectations, new beginnings, New ME, etc...
Retweets are the thoughts the a tweeter really means to tweet
Thinking about it makes me miss those times a lot
Till the sweat drop down my bawls! LMFAOOO
This rain needs to go away
She can tell people that. Fuck I hope she tells people that hahahaha. Yo this weekend I was the champ
I love my dog so much even though she jumped on my head to wake me up this morning
Now I got time to think of all I could've done different
If Janine is free I'm bout to kidnap this girl lol
Talks just ended. Next stop dinner party!
My mood is stuck between killing everyone and wanting sex
eat &amp; talk to bae RT : 2) favorite thing to do?
Drink my 40 oz of freedom while I roll a blunt cause the kids just ain't all right \n
Let's fucking goooo 1-0
People gotta start taking responsibility for what they do
Would you rly want to be around urself knowing you broke someone's heart? And you didn't even try to fix it?
Oh, oh that's a burn I wasn't expecting tonight. Crap. Can Monday be here already? Want to improve my ST resume...
Cloes gonna be really heated when she wakes up to Tremor blasting through the house :-)
Going to burn a character and watch The Wire.
&amp; i know i help out ..
You may have worked one too many overnight shifts when you're texting people at 4 in the morning on a Thursday like it's no big deal.
I still want pancakes. I feel like a burrito all wrapped up in the covers under the cool fan.
Even if I don't meet you, my life is so much better than if I didn't even know you existed
Everyone is so proud of the colleges they are going to and I'm just like what up Brookdale
Still waiting on that good news.
It'll hurt like hell, but it will be worth it to save someone's life.
Pray for me... All north and west bound planes are grounded. I love how they only tell us when we've already boarded...
A day to celebrate our nation and the forefathers who began the never ending debate over states rights vs federal rights... Play on!
Five men on one side, four women on the other. So disappointing, so not surprising.
note to self find a Buddhist temple in these skreeets it's been a minute I feel like I'm letting grandma down
I had one more buck on my plate, it was me and bro We was in the store &amp; both of us got 50 cent cakes!!
The FOMO is real right now why am I not in AC
Biggest pet peeve: Late replies and one word replies. It literally drives me crazy.
my dad said I'm like a cat because I'm a good cuddler
MGK has a great fucking flow and you can't deny that shit
That dunk tho
There's this one girl, and I really just want to punch her in the fucking face
Saw things clearer once you were in my rearview mirror
And I'll be the wrong one if I flirt and sub niggas right?
Times like this i need my pops to kinda talk me off the ledge
I've tried to kill the pain by shooting whiskey through my brain, but it never works, it only makes it worse.
Howard is a wall
10) when got throat aids otherwise know as mono from being a pimp.
All This Hate I See Towards 4th Of July ...
Andi. Come ON. Andi. For real. Andi.
Had an awesome day reconnecting with Shy :') i missed this girl!
Last call for anyone who wants to ball
Last day in NYC gotta do it big
You don't know the definition of tough love until you have your parent as a coach
Is the book club a real thing because I'm actually excited
Do I go around it? Or go over it?
\"Gol de los Estados Unidos\"
So many words I would love to change in alot of music I listen to today they are built on hate n help sinning b ok so I remove them mentally
Abc Little Mix
I don't even know where to begin explaining how I feel
they came for revenge
Lmao he talking about Jay Z and Solange
Talking about my ex should have her feelings 6 hours away in the Bronx LMFAOOOOO FUCK OUT MY FACE
Applebee's with my family !!! S\/o too my sister for graduating ...
I bet I look like a fool waving down a taxi.
I wish I could pull off crazy colored pretty hair like that ~ sigh
Loveeeeeee Song X What Now X Stay
I could manage the shit out of this game but I'll stick to township girls soccer
PLANETARY INTERGALACTIC Kelly Johnson hit that one to MCA's house.
Learned a valuable lesson today...pillows are actually for old people...
Idk why my brother doesnt get a babysitter to watch his kid...its always me
Just realized Sayreville is not spelled sayerville...oops
All I want is to go see the sunset with a nice cup of coffee, but NO
I have never been bothered by A president and his decisions more than I am now.
chocolate covered gummy bears are life
i dead be coming to crib across the hall when niggas hoggin my bathroom
Miami is so depleted. Spurs just too good
I see life in a different way now,
Do you ever wanna do someone how they do you but don't cause it's out of character
Why am I so tired
\"Sugar in the bloodstream cures sunburn\" - Kenny Fleekop trying to get me to eat more chocolate cake
Wow thanks for all your responses. Until further notice Roo is going off peanut butter! Casualty = rug
Love that !! ...
Finally......I am finally going to a SF Giants game tonight
maybe I'll replace marissa with salad cause I bet you, salad would always believe me@
Annoying doesn't even describe you.
I know he plays for manure...but would love to see Hernandez score for Mexico
Why can't I be like my friends and not give a fuck about anything ?
The joke is over it so chill out.
No today. Follow whomever you want. It's Independence Day!!!
You start to get that tear in your eye when you start having flashbacks of the best times in high school, with friends and everyone
I don't know how people can even deal with this shit
\"When you tell the truth you don't have anything to hide.\"--FANNIE LOU HAMER
When you're tired of relationships, try a romance.
Confused to why Kee has a fetish for Mr.Klimo
Wdmc is dis I'm still up Jed
That was so badass
My phone battery is awesome, charges fast &amp; barely dies
I wish i can throw partys
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN!
EDM culture smh... i'm not hating on waiting for the drop but pls dont drop dead while you're at it. stay safe kids.
MESSI IS GOD. HE IS GOD.
I dont work till 5. Im chillin.
Happy birthday .... A future great ruler of this planet
Charging my phone in mcdonalds because gansverloot is sius
Whats more American then shooting guns on the Fourth of July
GOAL USA USA USA
But i do miss my hubbbbby
I don't know how I'm functioning right now.
my sister is watching teen wolf but i'm gonna wait until tomorrow to watch it with
I wanted to be a suicide girl and get snakebites and join an all girl screamo band. Now I bump migos religiously.
Just tried leaving the cart in the parking lot and some lady made eye contact so I had to walk it to the thing. Weak
Like niggah damn why can I give good advice but not take my own? I guess that's why I have when I need someone
I want to be a better judge of character. How do I make this happen?
talking all this rap shit early in the am , where the money doe ?
Omggggg I love you so much!!!
Skipping class tomorrow to watch the USA game!
I have to get up early and leave by 7:45
I like New York so much because everything's open when I am
I miss and
Holy shit that kick to the nose looked brutal
You may be the king, but watch the queen conquer...
I dont know if i should drink or watch it at home. Just in case...
Twitter fights are what I live for
I can't wait to get back in my bed
Jk I don't like this.
Justin is way out of Shawn's league. don't even compare them
Giving up on your goal because of a set back is like slashing your other three tires because you have a flat one
If I could not work out and still look like The Mountain from game of thrones that would be fantastic. Being sore sucks.
There ain't no rest for the wicked, money don't grow on trees.
I WISH every item that was lost at , if I were to find them all I would to TURN IT IN to LOST AND FOUND.
I'm so fascinated by this shit
I see you with that Unfollow aha
I guess being honest is being rude. My fault!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Hands down top 10 funniest tweet on here
Crazy way for summer to start off ...
Soy una de las personas que llora cuando aleja me cuenta sus historias con erwin.
Enjoying listening to my son watch Three Stooges on YouTube. Slapstick is timeless and appears to be for 8 year olds!
Penalty kicks is such a bad way to end a season it should just be extended time sudden death
Damn heats gone cold.
I turn 33 in one month. I need to do something fun. It's not a chemo week! That's a gift in itself!
A girl came in asking if we had Portugal shirts for the World Cup and I wanted to respond with 'go back to your country'
Fuck nigga i don't wanna be your homie
Ahh leave me alone ahhh go away helpppp
I forgot how great Demi Lovato's third album was.
Encontre en tw a Karim y a Luciano :D
Let the \"GOAAAAALLLLL\" tweets begin
Can you tell I'm pissed or naw
WHEN ITS COLD OUTSIDE, IVE GOT THE MONTH OF MAY
Anyone want to drive up to allegany
If you post legit selfies that are edited and posed for mad hard on twitter you need to sit down
We all know Hakeem is giving his 4K to me.
Potato coma is the worst type of food coma
Hahaha I was tweeting Dylan O'Brien like he was gonna answer me
Have an hour left to make a wcw
Mi debilidad tiene nombre y apellido.\n- Liam Payne
The oranje trio RVP-Robben-Sneidjer is crumbling today
Where da henn at? \": bout 2 turn it up in 1 minute\"
Took less than two minutes of them being next to eachother for me to dip a brush into the vodka soda instead of the water pot
Yo you elbowed me in the mouth last night you prick lol
Looking to open up my own Studio down here for my Artists
Otters know what to do with their big fat butts. \nWigglewigglewiggle.
We're here for you !!
My new toothpaste makes me want to brush my teeth every ten minutes
Why is apples w cheese so good??
I woke up at 9. Still haven't got out of bed
Dad and Chloe playing battle ship\nTELL ME WHERE YOUR SHIP IS OR YOURE GROUNDED -Dad
Had my face painted, gave a piggy back ride and carried a camper, got hugs and was told I'm fun and awesome. It's only day one.
Robin Williams is just this drunk muttering hobo
I don't know where I'd be without these Marines to encourage me.
Jordan must of put it on her if she's tweet like this rn
Kind of glad bro could go to the gym I'm goin back to that stu stu studioo
Tengo un \"Te he esperado toda la vida\" atorado\n
When I'm off talking to other people because you don't respond, don't get mad.
Take a second to remember they were white man that fight wasn't that fucking interesting
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL LIONEL MESSI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Half the time I got it right, I probably guessed
Let's make it a long hit since its been forever
I can breathe a little bit better now.
Stuck being bored for the night I guess...
I'm tired of this pre show shit, hurry up and start B.E.T. awards
Hate having to get up so early when it's supposed to be summer ugh
Oh wait I know why!
Responder a sapp mi hija y que telefono llamame a mi cell .......hay mi molx es de vida o muerte
Tb: To when Kendra was driving and almost ran over a guy and almost killed the girls
When I feel crappy I am crappy.
Me and Lexie about to.throw the hands I DON'T EVEN CARE
Vidcon seems like it would be super fun
My attempt at packing includes grabbing random pieces of clothing scattered around the floor and throwing them into a large duffel bag.
Today is my only day off and all of my friends are working...too typical
USA ISNT GOING DOWN
These food commercials at 1am. Seriously... come on now
Omg I just wanna hang out with someone. I've been laying in bed all damn day
It comes with a lot of responsibility to be a older brother
Miss these bitchs
My whole family is here except for smh
Can't wait for the on Sunday
You can't escape it bros, there's a 84.89% percent chance that you'll meet a girl you really like that likes playing Britney Spears
It's not Aviciis fault or the venues... How many people died at Size in the Park last year?
Google Chrome Blog : Hulu Plus now works with Chomcast
parece ser gente boa.
Erdiablooo estede vieron ese codazo
Fuck the spurs bumass west coast bitches...
Now I'm seeing that your kinda lame, knowin how the situation changed
Channeling my BFF and cheering on Argentina!
Two weeks.... Before the wedding.
How about the lady at the Porsche dealership Dan ? Discounts on oil changes and maintenance! ;-)
Kimberly is entirely fake for not texting me back
\": Can't wait for August now ...\" but the world cup will be over
beeee on Facebook, not there for me.
Im 5'9 With a big Dick.
Spurs playing the flopping game just as good as the heat do
210 I'm so infatuated with you I loveeee you a lot hang again asap
Every day, I hear noises in my kitchen and I'm like OH SHIT MICE. But then I remember that I'm just cooking bacon.
Nothing I love more than the beach
Classic Messi goal!!!
Amazing day with and while he was there
22 jump street
Feels good to be back n . I thinks its been 5 years since I took a trip here.
Regretting replacing my smoke alarms with nest protect. Sensor failures, offline, etc. More complicated does not = better.
This could be us but you're playing.
Its so nice out but my ankle hurts too much for me to play ball :(
All I had time to do was think &amp; my thoughts took over obviously
1 year as a coach doesn't get you full control of bball operations. Kidd knows on the court, doesn't get how hard job of GM is
damn new twigs is kinda disappoint :(
.Please let the military recruit at pride. They may not be perfect but they are essential to our country. Respect the end of DADT.
Crushing this day with a
I wish I had a dog to take on walks
Why TI talk like he been in jail all his life ?
Is It October Yet
About to go down the rabbit hole. Expect to emerge more informed w\/ just enough knowledge to be dangerous, in a good way!
Im coming back on my worst behavior
Boo I have a big meeting at 9 am. What time should I leave to get tickets?!
of the game
It's almost 1am and I need to go to bed but I can't stop singing \"Better Half\" by my
FACT: Flights between MSP and JFK are approximately 45% grandchildren
PLOT TWIST: All of you guys look alike to me
Gotta lot of ass you gon shake that thang or nah
I like to think I'm Ariana Grande when I sing One Less Problem
I hate Alina for ruining a book before I even started reading it
Alarm is set for 3:30AM!!why do I do this to myself here I come with a detour to the Grand Canyon
Whats there to do in mtk when its fucking monsooning?... GET DRUNK
Getting ready see all the tapes watch them scatter has they did no wrong
Pinches weros !
I know I make a lot of mistakes and am certainly not perfect by any means but at least I don't pretend to be.
WHAT IS lol I wanna know so I can use it
Few feelings are as good as shipping new product.
i will learn how to surf by the end of this year.
Road Trip Thought 8: Rage Against the Machine will provide the soundtrack for all my driving in L.A.
\" Or nah \" is getting on my last never &amp; the person that says it the most won't stop when I tell them Lmao! \"OR NAH my Ess\"
God gives me peace when I need it most.
I'll be sleeping Til 10 tomorrow &amp;I getting IHOP with Steph so who's happy... This girl
Would anyone like to FaceTime , text , talk or anything ?
someone come to open gym with me tonight :~)
I'm gonna miss the seniors, they're a great class
I look forward to pride the way some people look forward to Christmas.
Ashanti that wig gotta go ma
\"I sold my xbox to get gas 1 time\"-Sean Murphy
Then we gonna smoke mad blunts after we hit the gym
Talked Army into seeing A Fault In Our Stars. Don't know if I'm concerned about his crying or the moisture of this theater.
Always respected you for the incredible work you did. Los Guerreros 4 ever! Thank you
I came in clutch talkin to those Sonora bitches
If I was dying rn my mom would have no clue cause she doesn't know how to answer the phone
Any Asian girl slander?
Who needs a del mar fair ticket 10$
Why is boateng on the bench?! He's their best player
Just one of those days when ur bored out of ur mind.
Super wacky trip to SF this weekend. Glad to be headed home
It's the pink print... ha ha
\"You put ya cock in her ass ?\"
Put WONDO IN
Gonna look so shitty too! Like OMG no
I need to come clean with some people
Always remember to stretch before working out kids.... I think I threw out my back
We don't know what we want, were young and stupid.
I'm tryna get baked and watch mouse trap
yo voy flipandolo cada vez mas..
USA USA USA LETS FUCKKINNNN GOOO
I accidentally put on the Spanish channel... I have no clue what's going on right now
James \"Nasty Knees\" Neal.
Does the ball lie?
just realizing now that I missed air Dubai so that's cool
YASS MESSI YAAAAS
Awwww fine china should win but his is rough
\"So 8 dollars\"\n\"What? Why 8 dollars?\"\n\"2 dollars from both of us\"\n\"That's 4 dollars\" college student
If you still have a song as your ringtone you're a thot *subs at naqiyah*
Desde ya empiezo el calentamiento para esperar el partido de Colombia, modo: Futbol
Need an open nail place
And to this day I still don't have any idea what poke means on Facebook... Good night
\"If I like put this idea on the Internet, people would be like 'This kid's kinda smart.'\" -
Keeping my lab's tech in my prayers. That poor woman has to deal with a lab full of Muslim grad students this month.
I guess I put myself in this predicament though
I really need to buy a new phone
ever have a moment when you stop and think: thank God i am NOT about THAT LIFE anymore!
Manu just cause mass suicides all heat fans killing themselves
HOLY FUCK I JUST WOKE UP AND MY HAIR IS BRAIDED AND I DID NOT BRAID IT I AM SO SCARED
im gonna go home now. probably sleep right away
derek mais q gato
This heat got me fucked up
I legit just turned on my tv and it's already 1-0.
This game too good
Carlos Galdos, no entiendo como les puede resultar gracioso, no entiendo...
Listening to summer of 69 by
Is there any possibility that everyone feels like me yeahhhhhh
i love your eyes; the way they look when you're uncomfortable.
Through all their faults, I love endlessly. There are so many reasons why I'd keep someone as a friend. So many.
\"he's fucking sexy for a little kid\"
I wish I could screenshot my cracked screen
In a world of disingenuous people, it's okay to be the diamond in the rough.
Most in r not drunks or ppl distracted by electronics. They r who only drive 4 on .
Just don't understand why it's so fucking cold
Sometimes I want to delete everything, never talk to anyone again, and just disappear.
Now keep the pressure on boys
WHY DO YOU STALK MY BF I DONT FREAKING GET IT HOLY SHIT!
1 - I miss you man :( y'all need to come back I'll kidnap you.
I need a retwist
Looking through my old pics. Man, I used to party a lot :x
My mom just told me I'm grounded for last night HAhahaha if she thinks last night was bad she can just wait til tonight
Get ready for every non public company to declare a religion.
For everything. But most of all, I'm thankful for my girl.
why is the only fucking movie I wanna watch not online wtf
The best days are spent just hanging with the ones you love
We turning up at graduation practice tomorrow or naw?
Making fried cabbage w\/ bacon and ground beef and the apartment smells sooooo good. Southern food is the best food.
My dream is to sell my house in San Francisco and move to a BIG new house in Texas (but not alone) :(
Trey Songz always gives me a bottom who likes soft backshots
jack reacher wants to be bullitt so bad rn
Sue is the prettiest girl in town but she is like venom to your veins
I'm still not over the Take Me Home album, and I will never get over the Midnight Memories album bc that shit is like having sex w\/the guys
Tried to make you mine hoe, tried to make some time hoe but I aint got the time or the patience to stop and wait in line hoe -Kendrick lamar
USA USA !!!!
I've realized Mina won't accept the fact that I'm not her bae and she's not mine. Delusional shorty, Bendito.
Wish it was easier to finish school and make bank at the same time damn
I've never understood how a kid can shit in the pool and just leave like it's no big deal
So I'm making $21 an hour to sit on my ass for the next 5 hours
what are some good shows or movies on netflix?
I need a vacay. But not settling for a California city, me and Jack are saving up for Jamaica. Lol or Hawaii?
La mama de eze me llamo por mi cumple antes de mi mama ;)
Is age just a number?..lol idk
She fell in love with the bad guy
Yo Kev, do you have my pedal for my kick drum and my hi-hat? LOL
I'm gonna tweet it three more times get some rest and tweet again
Like shit from when I was six years old everything
\"I do what I wanna do that's all that Eva mattered. Neva been one to chase what these Otha people been afta.\"
a nigga could look like a 10 with a hat on but without it will look like a 4, it's the same with bitches wearing makeup
USA with the goal in the first 30 seconds. Wow
Finding it hard to find things to smile about
never noticed that rose blimp in the opening credits before
Can't wait to get home and get naked.
Don't be hatin if u aint out like me
Niggas fucked up and you still defending em
Lowkey ass people needa be called out sometimes sorry not sorry
People will judge you no matter what.
perfection exists, it just varies by each person's opinion
If you don't RT my last tweet you're un-American
Homegirl won't speak espanol in front of me anymore
I'm in the NYC Drag March. But I'm tempted to abandon for .
In case you already didn't know lol
Asked my cousin to hang out with me... He told me no he actually has friends unlike me...... K.
How tf is there no bathroom here niga I gotta pee!
Aye papi you gon Kik me or nah
it concerns me there's a family bathroom
We all have that one friend that snapchats themselves shitting at least once a day
My big is working 2 jobs, an internship, and is taking a summer class... All while stressing over being wait-listed for my nursing school
USA took the lead !!
Monday night chillin' with and ... wouldn't trade it for the world
. . . . . keyshia sit down you not gettin an award.
Not a yellow card offense
if you're mad that's too bad sounds like a personal issue
Why does my business spread around so quickly
I live in t-shirts and shorts
if I could just be a kardashian for a day I would literally die
Loco por besarte ;'
- here in new yOrk with the Bae &lt;3 &lt;3 !! LOve YOu !
How the fuck is it already the end of June
Your top make up blogs: GO!
Having the best pride ever!!! Xo
On ustream with the sis go to her tweets for the link to watch!! :)
I lose my temper so quickly its annoying
I just got this phone and it doesn't fucking work. And I don't have patience. UUUUUUGHHHHH FJSHDFJKGHSDJKFH mad.
my cat is so fucking annoying
Jonathan is also letting me sleep on his bed tonight while he sleeps on the futon .
Well if any one wants to know I'm frezzing my nuts off waiting for a kid to go to the bathroom for the second time in 34 mins.
Felicidades a los hermanos ticos! Orgullo Centroamericano!
What would life be without Netflix?
Oooo that's the type of shit I hate
I wear highwaisted shorts. Do I care when guys say they are ugly???? NOPE
I swear next time they schedule me to work for an hour and 50 minutes i will flip a bitch
Yo I really wish I was naturally funny.
It's probably stupid to wear wakeup. It's only going to melt off in this crazy heat
You keep me running, keep me running
Is this your wing Or Nah
I think bae had a party &amp; didn't invite me
Go ahead and call him a liar, but he was my right hand man when I was in charge, and I'll believe him before a single word you say.
Like is you mad or naww RT \": oh shut uppp\"
who want to go see 22 jump street
The amount of chances I gave you.
Watching The Station Agent with Peter Dinklage. Great movie and great acting by Peter. Check it out!
by the end of the year I want at least 13k
My snapchat story is basically me and rich acting like dumbasses
Cassie - Paradise ft. Wiz Khalifa
And I already have to get ready for work
In a few hours, I will have to wake up from this beautiful dream.
me gusta la gente forra
Like you know when someone's getting old so they try mad hard to get into young things again
The whole stadium actually did the wave ayeee
Una cosa es ser cortante y otra no escribir como idiota.
Is it weird I always have to stretch before bed it helps me sleep better
Procrastinating so hard tonight to finish my chem and trig final review
Use me for plans but wen u got some my number no where in Ur call log ?
I have not had lean in a long time. I can use some right now
\" I r not a q tip\"
How to decide how much are your employees worth? The words of the
I heard your ballbag looks like burnished leather
All of the T-shirts I work in were given to me free at basketball games in 2012-2013 season. Idk what this says about me
esperaria que fuera tongo. Si no va Medel estamos liquidados. Neymar nos vacuna seguro. Brasil no arroya pero marca.
\"I thought Father's Day was yesterday.\" - My brother, the worst son ever.
Alicia keys junior and what not
If I can make you laugh lol that means a lot cuz I don't try to be funny aha I be serious asf.
\"Popular Girls\" From My Old School Think They Are So Cool
Good looks with that own goal Bosnia. Sick gift for Argentina.
Someone come over and bring food and movie please, I'm so bored.
If your girl was even half as hot as my girl you would settle too
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads that are actually there for their kids!!
I would go to football tomorrow but I don't have a ride
Girl I know sometimes that I mistreat ya and ya still come back
I'm so excited about the next couple of days!
EVERYONE DTOP WHAT YOURE DOING TOY STORY 3 IS ON
When did you become a stranger?
Why are people hating so much on CR ?
I got really scared of eating popcorn but I totally forgot I didn't have braces anymore
I think LI makes me hungry and NYC doesn't
A pessoa me chama no face pergunta se eu namoro '' meu filho eu nao namoro mais gosto de alguem beiju e tchau
Good people get hurt by bad people and all you can do is be there for them like they were when bad people hurt you
Live as if you were to die tommorow
hmmm a playboy bunny just followed me lol
Today is going to be far from a productive day at work
Last I knew breaking up and getting back together and always fighting never determined you two being together forever
YAAAAAAAAS JONES SIMPLY SENSASTIONAL
no es lo que me gusta, si no lo que me encanta dios mio..
Might do that 5k run
Sometimes I can't explain why I don't trust someone... but then they go ahead and do something messed up, and so I understand
Dempsey probably has a broken nose. That looked so painful!
Getting so much love on this avi like what
When I tell Casey and ness about stuff with softball I guarentee they have no idea what I'm saying
i just fuck her.. catching feelings niggas don't have time for that
July 4th = Wear Flag Tank Top And Army Fatigue. Americans Are So Fucking Literal. Fashion Is Dead. And Yet I'm The Wierdo!
I wish you would just answer, I actually care
My last text: You texted the wrong person, mom
I see you miss ! How you doing gurl?
y a le projet de mon reuf qui arrive laaaaa \net y a celui de !! soyez pret !! badaboom
KSJC 301453Z 28003KT 10SM FEW140 SCT180 19\/14 A2984 RMK AO2 SLP103 T01940144 53006
This annoucer drives me insane
You gonna slide in MY texts to curve ME? Lol that's a new one.
Can't nobody love you like I'm gonna love you
in love with all the graffiti
I hate when commercials reveal too much
I need friends who don't fucking flake all the time.\nBut I hate people so much.
I get money by the pound
Is it socially acceptable to wear a spongebob snuggie to grad practice
I hide my feelings because that's the best way not to get hurt.
It was with a white boy of course !!!!!
The difference between missing someone only when you were sad and missing someone when you have the happiest moments in your life.
Ariel speaks to me like i dont have a brain
About that guy who kept following me around on Varick street last night
I hate being home by myself at night time.
Am I a girl or nah
So who's takin me to the WWE live event here in bakersfield
Lmaoooo RT \": Imagine if DBZ was with black folk. They woulda never been able to do father son kamehameha\"
She got me feeling some type of way. &lt;3
If you dont do it someone else would
These cookies and milk are so good but there hurting my stomach so bad
Step 1: Go to . \nStep 2: Use .\nStep 3: Eat the best meatballs you've ever had in your life.
Just finished listening to the whole of what a lovely record its truly a privilege to listen to I cant stop crying
Goooooooaaaaaaalllllllll!!!!!!!!!!! Usa usa usa usa usa usa
You made your self look like a hypocrite take your own advice into consideration
She describes everything as \"______ as fuck\"
DONT PULL A LEBRON SMH
you can't love someone and then wake up one day and decide you don't love them anymore. if you think you can you're a piece of shit.
When you realize the person you think is your boulder thinks of you only as a pebble. &lt;&lt;
If YOU only knew what I was doing now! Feeling relaxed ;)
Great performance by they definitely deserved a draw but got unlucky with the own goal!
I hate It so much when I'm telling the truth and no one believes me and insist that I'm crazy and lying
Dinner date with my babe
I've noticed everyone here in NYC wears converse
My first love broke my heart for the first time
Getting contacts is a cool and objective way of figuring out if you really hate your face or not
And in the morning, hate middle of the day smoking sessions
I can't look at any more photos of Tokyo today.
No expectations are the best expectations
That's such a shitty thing to do
That was a stupid question nvm
Las notif que le deben llegar pobre Eva jajaja
I can't wait till next Friday
Im so tired! I need some sleep
my dreams bug me tf out
My life looks so boring compared to the lives my parents lived when they were my age.
Some people take Xbox too seriously. It's meant for fun, not making.money, or getting known. Just laugh and do what makes you happy.
Always a fucking issue.. Every fucking day.. Jealous ass niggas..
I can't with this show no more
Today wasn't the best. I'm looking forward to the weekend.
Where is Obama? Smh terrible
