wait my sister are sitting front row orchestra right, let's trip Corey
LET'S GO USA
orange is the new black is giving me nausea
The US is still alive in the and is coming back? This is definitely the best timeline.
And a rider thats gon hold me down no matter what.
I almost feel in the toilet that would have been embarrassing
You can give me attitude all you want. I just hope you feel better at the end of it.
Where is drake ? It's more his song then Wayne's
I need a beer ... You know what make that two and ummm don't forgot the drugs ! I need dat tonight
Could you be any more naive???
My summer is gonna be whack. It's just facts
I can't even picture me saying \"my boyfriend\" anymore
On a scale from 1 to even...
Claud just sent me a booty pic.. I guess this means were for real now
babygirl finally got her thumb in her mouth yaaaaay!!!! she's been trying to do that for weeks&lt;333
Its all hitting me now... finally after four months of hard work I'm a NYS EMT.
Big softball game tonight
PSA I am at 's dairy farm
Looks like things are starting to get a little Messi. Lol get it
Last part ! Lets go costa rica !!
Sitting in the car waiting for Life Of The Party to come on so I can fangirl
Can't wait to get home to eat.
\": They Been In The Air Huh? Lmfaooo\" Michael. Leave. Now.
But now we dont speak the same language
If you want it you gotta see it with a clear eyed view
I wish I could smack the shit outta some people with out retaliation.
people set immature ass goals, saving up for a tattoo or a new iphone, no bitch saving up to take my family on vacation, help pay bills
It takes me like 6 dabs to get as high as most people do off one
It's been Danielle's dads birthday for at least 6 weeks now.
Hahaha did that really just happen
Thank you for the chia latte, I missed you!!!
\"Never trust a bitch that says AWWWWW YA'LL SO CUTE\"
I'd hold you closer than I ever did before and you'd never slip away
watching me, myself, and irene
Its Jozys turn now! I can feel it
\"Dancing in the desert blowing up the sunshine.\"
Tell me that the pussy is mine.
I literally forgot about my project for my host family
The struggle between wanting to look cute and just wearing a t-shirt and shorts
I would do anything just to go shopping
Already been asked on the phone 12 times if the mall is open today. Well Sherlock I answered the phone so what does that tell you?
I hate the spurs so much Patrick mills is the biggest clown I've ever seen
The trunk in the tree of negative emotion is blame. All negative emotions require blame for their survival. Stop blaming &amp; stop negativity.
Hey, you where's a cool place to have relationship fights? Not the internet
Never look back dumbstruck boy ego intact
It is so amazing how time flies.... where did time goo
Whos trying tp go up to thatcher to watch the sun set?
I'm so done with this shit it's beyond embarrassed.. kids show no heart
Holy fuck!!!!!!! DEMPSEYYY!!!!!!!!!!
It's really not that hard to do what your suppose to do
you are the only love I need :)
Given the chance id propose to this girl
1) John Green's activism is leagues better than his literature \n2) lightbulbs were invented by a gigantic asshat &gt;
I'm gonna make your stomach bulge
I hate when people post nasty IG posts. People having sex type shit, unfollow unfollow.
they turned it into a big weird shitty rave like everything else
Jumping out on anyone if they Tryna say something
MY DAD ASSUMES SO FUCKING MUCH ITS FUCKIN ANNOYING
I'm craving chocolate milk for some reason like ugh. Why. I'm lactose intolerant I shouldn't even be craving milk.
I wonder how many times I've been 'd and didn't even know it.
USA 1 Gana 0 in first 30 sec
..if you know what I mean
We have 2 Draft picks now? Iight
All I will say is that I lost my best friend.
I just did the most incredible dance
This list of books I want to read keeps getting longer and longer
If you were planning on going to Dunkin donuts at 1573 Lakeland Ave in Bohemia don't because it doesn't fucking exist
What we leave behind is a part of us
Yeah she's what I would call a \"studio singer\" sounds good in the studio but not so great live.
Wouldn't have wanted to spend my last school night any other way.
Cash Rules Everything Around Me ;
Dempsey boutta screw someone up
Per Mertesacker not starting for lame.
I'm glad I wore shorts to work cus it's way to hot in here!!
mom just got me depressed
Congrats to on being the first Indian player in the NBA! Not a kings fan but I'll be rooting for you man!
Never do I wish death upon anyone but seriously this lady can go die. It's not like she's important
65 hoes on my dick bitch it's Christmas
Putting together a bucket list for the summer.
Girls at the gym with buff ass backs isn't that tight.
HOLY SH******T!!! USA USA USA
Mobile is \"a big deal\"
Wake up, don't cry. So sad inside. I still get through the day. And I'm gonna make it anyway. this song is amazing.
I've been eating pretty good lately tho should I rly ruin in with Ben and Jerry's?
Social circles they spin to fa a ast for me.
Who wants to go to best buy with me!?
I respect all opinions and decisions, but if you're a girl who has gotten an abortion or a guy who has pushed her to get one, suck my dick.
I got hella dirty again stacking some more recycle in my grandpa's truck. Fuckerdy!
Tonight's double feature is THE TERMINATOR and ALIENS. Giddy. Up.
AGORA ME DIZ QUE O CRISTI NAO FOI COMPRADO PRA NAO JOGAR BEM!!!!
Hate car rides
Anyone have any ideas for a gt change?
If you do Then that's called being ashamed of yourself &amp; that's how you grow insecurities .
But I always expect too much.
Mamiss ko? Tay nu 6PM adda agtex \"yan mon?\" Nga aggapo ken madre.
Take peralta out ! He's fucking lazy and doesn't do shit
Burned on the river twice&lt;&lt;
bro I am so white when it comes to my fave music
Amazing fact from the IO Conference \"Across the world, people check their Android phones an average of 120 times a day.\"
Columbusing: when white people discover things that have existed for a long time. I just discovered this term
I'm so excited to see the dance show tomorrow :)
Wtf I missed the goal
a really hot blonde guy just called me cute... is this a dream?
Don't take anything for granted .
Kinda wanna cry because johannsson and gonzalez arent starting but whatevvvv
fucking idiot wants to ditch me for his sugar daddy but im a bad friend?! LOL
Summer nights are so easy on the mind
Some females think they deserve the world and more but they do nothing for their nigga to give them that
Whistleblower suits over doubled this past year.
I Dont Know How You Feel Can You Tell Me, I Won't Know How You Feel Till You Tell Me, Is It Cause A Nigga Handsome And Wealthy?
Need to get out of this country
Watching bachelorette and drinking wine by my lonesome......
i know kids are wrong a lot of the time but that doesn't mean parents are never wrong. swallow your fucking pride bitch
\": You're all i need :)\"\n\nIndirect to bubble gum ice cream
Just pull me down hard and drown me in love
Remember when MJ surprised James Brown on stage and they danced together? BET will never and can never top that moment.
This Courts conservatives hate unions. They love to pit worker vs worker.
Evidently blue moon comes in cans and we stock it at the office now.
It is going to be 100 on Wed. Worry about my veggies in the garden.
Get a new one so who ever took it please show me you can be a better man and give it back to me please thank you
great goal Messi! Lets go Argentina
breaking news: ashton doesn't know how to use iTunes
I just saw and they were very good and funny episode
Greatly enjoying Brazil's win while being in the company of fans of Columbia.
Nonstop baby goat videos in this house.
random trip to brooklyn bridge happening in 10 minutes
I always over pack but still manage to forget shit
if you look like drake holla at me.
LatinoAmerica making history
My mom panics and screams for the most dumb things
banana baby yogurt is life
'Don the hot dog man' is facing murder charges...more on at 6:35.
Slide in the dm's damn it.
Cant help but to smile when we talk
\"It's funny how tables turn ... Before I couldn't get a text back now that's what she looking for... &amp;You been what I was looking for... \"
The hostility is real....someone take me home
wild what?? \": What's Your Wild Rabbit ?\"
I just used my tongue to hang up on a phone call
The new catfish OMG so wow awe cute
I literally feel like passing out at work.
Welcome go GB, don't mind the big ass thing on my face.
I guess Obama really did try to cancel the 4th of July
The whole of the Middle East is not worth the bones of one Californian grenadier. It's not our fucking problem.
Figures is the only one who doesn't eat sushi..
Me and Elvin are about to be some West Side Story shit.
bitches be lame stuntin
People don't realize how great of a city we have so close to us. never sleeps all ur other cities are shutting down around 2 fuck that
DEMPSEY = DAGGER
I hope my playlist was okay
Put your hands in the air
I could be so full that I could throw up, but always have a little room for my mom's pasta.
I'm underrated, don't fit on nobodies playlists.
Yass Mr Biden in the house
True life i need to go to bed rn bc I'm way to effing tired
An out. An OUT would be nice here...
If I had a party who would come
East coast time has me like B-)
YES! This was fucking fast!
Blasting that AC
This show gives me breathing problems
I need to stop throwing it around
No homo, but should really give us another album ASAP
Going for a ride with my dog
Oh my god...
Eric Church is my new default
Last night was my first time going out to bars in 4 months
Idk why this show is so amazing like I'm addicted to reality tv it's disgusting
I do my best to keep everyone happy and I'm always getting treated like shit.
Kanye West can come &amp; finish out his community service at LIM anytime now..
Its amazing how my life is so stressful right now abt grades and family drama and im laid back drinking pina coladas
Sorry I'm not coming home, mainly cause I love it too much plus just eaten the best Thai food EVER and now too obese for the plane
Ughhhhh my tum tum
\": It's only a week into summer and it's already good as fuck\"
Im hungry as fuck and i only got 37 cents in change, bout to get the burna and rob KFC for some chicken
Can my hair grow faster. Shit.
En brasil son las 1 pm
Charlotte hornets are unveiling their new Jerseys tomorrow morning I'm hyped for that
Everyone just witnessed me take my first shot yay!
I'm afraid of black women too
LET'S GO, YOU LANDONLESS YANKS!
Its trippy have a cousin named sierra... Especially since im at her grad party and i keep hearing our name.
\"X\" es bueno pero no tanto como \"+\".
Too bad, missing major chances. RT : game on. portugal will have to attack now. going to get interesting!
When a Spanish girl call me Papi my dick get hard and won't go down for a month
\"I think he might be a little gay.\"
Finally!!! Way long overdue!!! Messi!!!
Need a hair cut so bad
Need turtle time
A bird just landed on my hip. ?
iya,sma\". mhon maaf lahir batin jg ya,dhe :p RT : Mohon maaf lahir dan batin kakak kece :D maafin yah kalo ade\"
Better than people you like who go out of their way to prove they're assholes. Too many to list but Gary Oldman today...
Just got a post that soul singer legend Bobby Womack has died. R.I.P.
Oh, you're in my veins and I cannot get you out.
\"What he doesn't know won't hurt him.\"\nBut what he will find out later will kill him.
Hella people went to pride, i heard something went down
I told her \"fuck that nigga\"
Cunt hmm yes you always manage to be
Dad looks out into fields: Look, Mexicans! Picking strawberries. Or lettuce. Puros paisas.
Idk how you deal with me. I'm the most bipolar bitch ever
Seattle bound!! Don't forget to bring my Hipster repellent.
I'm not saying you're a slut. All I'm saying is if you went to a sperm bank, your spit would be accepted.
If you know me, I am very patriotic when it comes to the 4th of July.
Thank you time hope for reminding me prom was 6 years ago.
Got the best girlfriend ever . I love you . Good night
Really disappointed in for making a phone case that didn't protect my phone against water damage.
If one more fucking thing changes I'm gonna throw myself in front of a car I swear
My question, why haven't I been seeing much love for MJ?
It's annoying how scripted and rehearsed wresting is on tv
Some kids believe in Santa, some in the Tooth Fairy, some the Boogie Man. Josef just informed me he believes in Batman. I'm OKAY with this.
my selfies bring all the boys to the yard
You find out who your friends are. And who is worth giving second chances to.
I wanna go to the beach this weekend
Downtown, NYC. Anyone up for dinner?
I wanna come through that TV with some clippers
LETS GO PORTUGAAAAAL
I also think Mr. Quitter makes a come back for money in the bank
What the fuck is yayo? What the hell does that even mean ?
Pussy so good I had to save that shit for later
About to have a heart attack
I have no desire to be in a relationship or anything remotely close to one. I finally feel free to do me.
if you got cellulite on ya ass bye
Drinks with some locals random night at the red room in Santa Cruz
\": gotta learn how to not give a fuck, about irrelevant shit.\"
Session on Banjo packed with attendees. Maybe more journalists will learn to use this app. Great sourcing tool.
I want to leave my house but I have no where to go
We've lost for the past like what 7 years?!??!
Lord, be with the Spurs tonight.
Dave and Jaire already said, if we ever got into band beef, I'd be the one talking due to my lack of chill button and able to shit on anyone
I will be play GTA 5 for the next 5 hours!
I'm always in the mood for a back rub
snapchat me : zenaejirs
Jk just found the list
My iPhone just autocorrected \"Brain Fart\" to \"Brain Gary.\"
If I ask you to cook for me and you say \"I will if you cook for me\". I already know I can cook but I'm asking YOU lol
I'm looking forward too coming back home &amp; sleeping
What is it with these 99 cent looking bucket hats girls think are cute to wear
nice to nice to know ya lets do it again
\": Tbh I'd be so down for a late night adventure right now.\" Me toooooo
You can live with dignity, you can't die with it.
omfg turkey hill ice cream is fucking good
Today is a day to pack a fatty and play some Toby Keith whilst sitting on a truck bed somewhere watching fireworks; drink it in
\"And when you see how I'm livin.... I just hope I'm forgiven\"
to the dreamers Glad to see we're in the building! . hasn't lost it...
Just kidding I'm gonna dm the number thingys
(I am not in San Francisco) WTF, Twitter.
I just remembered that I have to go to acting class ALONE tomorrow and now I want to kill myself.
what I don't get is why people are so concerned w\/ what other people are doing...
Knicks are making moves out here
This game is over
Some people just have an ugly soul
All I want to do is drive and listen to music.
Really don't wana work. Why can't i stay home and be lazy all day?
When am I gonna catch a break
Me and my dad just said the same thing at the same time fucking twins
There's no up side to a ugly ass chick taking for EVER to make my sub....
oh literally same tune yards I was thinking the same thing how'd u know
Come on ARG!!
I can never have a good day somebody always ruins it
Good vibes with good company tonight only. No drama, no bullshit.
Bull and barrel has the worst service
Lemme touch your butt so you know it's real
Y do some people even have a twitter
Ronaldo STINKS. &gt; Ronaldo
\": People ask me when I'm gonna get tatted, niggaa, never.\"in 5 years you're gonna have at least one , remember this tweet
So beyond thankful I was blessed with two sisters.. Girls are so manipulative and nasty
People watch soccer but not mma.... Wtf
Just getting into bed.... Winded up at a bar till 3 in the morning with one other drunk in it
Nice walk through the city would be alright rn
I miss If he was still here heads would be rolling starring with hitting coach Kevin Long
Watching my mom do P90X is the thing I'll miss most when I'm older.
I seriously had a marathon of orange is the new black.... took a gym break and back at it.
Cause that's just the type of person I am.
Alyssa Light your late night tweets are funny I told you
Only Vybz Can say some shit like that and make a hit lmaoo
You obviously don't care anymore
Messis too elite
I mean the earlier parts since is on 4 of 4
I don't look up to my parents cause they're fucking crazy...I loom up to Justin and the boys.
Stairs don't QUIT!!!
I just found a full bag of m&amp;ms in my bag I forgot I had so you could say I'm happy
Gotta ice the hand down after all those high fives
I know I say this every week but the Emmy goes to...ANDI!!
I just realize I could put on a pillow with some special fabric so I am excited !!
You've got to squeeze her don't tease her never leave her
There are only people on this planet who can throw a terrorist through a narrow window, John Paul football and jack Bauer.
At the movies threather watching think like man 2 with the wifey and sister law
Spanish girls got me using Pero in my everyday vocabulary
GET THAT YELLOW CARD FAGGOT
On Thursday I told Ob he looked like a vampire Cus he's so pale and now he's been going tanning for the past two days lol
Focus and finish. That's my summation of success!! V. Henry
I don't own red, white, or blue. All I wear is black ...
my entire tl is freaking out about soccer except for wafffo whose emotional over zambot
I'm willing to work it out however long it takes you
I've been annoyed 80% of Up All Night tbh.
Can somebody explain to me how the Kermit's Meme's get started? Lol
That's what happens when you let it go to PKs while their down a man for 60 minutes.
I really am so grateful for everything my boyfriend does for us.
Me being where ever I'm at, worried about where ever you are .
All white boys got receding hair lines lol
can't say I didn't fucking try wow
Curving a guy that's used to having girls all over him and he's just like wut
.closely held corporations keep their legs closed.
so I started using the bench press at my house , and I can gladly and happily say that I bench 15pounds it's not a lot but I'm proud
Se dice que los Griegos soltaron al Kraken por la victoria de Costa Rica
Why. So. Quiet.
Drinks at The Way Station with before heading home. The TARDIS is bigger on the inside!
7 DAYS 7 NIGHTS WIT THE RUGBY'S AND ALLAT, DIFFERENT COLOR BIGGIES AND THE SKULLIES IS ALL CRACK
Does anyone wanna cum to the beach wif me and megg ANYONE speak now haha
Being so fucking tired but not being able to go to sleep &lt;&lt;&lt;
Costa Rica is gutsy
Penguins can't fly, I can't fly... Therefore, I am a penguin.
Esperando por el primer tweet de
Pretty sure I died last night.
Chilling y tu? \": Bnn Bn &amp; Keelokee\"
WOW MANU GO GET SOME ROGAINE
Kevin Heart was never that funny haha.
So eres Dominicana, Sigueme
That goal was cool, but I'm just diggin how sexy team USA is.
Come on Spurs! Finish it tonight!
today I learned I'm a psychotic bitch and I don't know grammar. oh well. I still love and that's all that matters
So happy that I'll never have to wear a school uniform ever again
So why are people putting there colleges on the caps .. It's a highschool graduation lol
When I picked her up and put her on top of the car to kiss her. ;).
I think it's ridiculous that I can't even take a shower In peace in this damn house
And you probably should have consulted all of us before making a huge decision like that
El gol de Messi no quita lo mierda que han jugado en general
LETS FUCKING GO GENTLEMEN
CAN OUR PLAYERS STOP GETTING INJURED OMg
there's never a wish better than this when you've only got a hundred years to live.
Rewatching season 1, ep1... It's all clear now. Rickon is azor ahai. Also, I really missed Ned.
Man I can't believe how much of a sellout Nelly is. Cheerios? Really?
They only know what I tell them
I honestly love piercings so much
Conner and tyler are rooting for ghana. I need to leave
Girls with necks with those fat lines yuck
OMG everybody quick tweet about it!!!
I had a dream that I had a kitten and that red from oitnb threw it into a pot of mac&amp;chesse but after vigorous washing the cat was ok
Is ka matlab hai 18-19 hours ka roza hogaaa...? o.O
Do you guys think hell has enrichment classes, like prison? If so, I'll bet Hitler is pumped to co-teach Painting 101 with George W. Bush.
Lol yeah I'm new at popeyes but give me a couple weeks and I'll be running da gauntlet.
Starbucks launches fizzio today!!!! Come visit me and try one!!!
i'm going to eat something before I pass out
even the food trucks are playing the strokes in
Let me offer some advice from my IFSTA firefighting book. \"Big fire big water - Little fire little water.\"
I put the boy in a box, like David Blaine. Let the audience watch, it ain't a thing
Mar do u get on a night ferry?then a train?? Ily xoxo
Great season Heat
620 in the morning and I gotta drive to Philly..
Meanwhile, red card for Alex Song
Remember when the Giants snapped their losing streak against the DBacks? That was fun.
And another one !!!!
I need to go to sleep. Wtf am I doing. Forcing myself to stay up
If you can't deal or get satire go shoot yourself in the head.
Lets go guys!! He's so close!!!
I love Patricia. Even though I don't see her or talk to her as much. I love her. She's just a friend that I could never replace.
Is it okay to drop landline service? If I only have cell service, will my cellphone be enough in emergency ?
Why Am I Doing This? : The Eternal Question The real reasons behindthe all ages coloring book
I can see Mexico from here
Great week to be a liberal. Celebrate with Adam and Steve marriage and engage in an anti american sport rife with arshole eurotrash
Is it weird that I have absolutely no interest in talking to you?
I can't wait to sing San Francisco in San Francisco with the people that wrote San Francisco.
USHER AND NICKI COMING UP AND THEN THE POWER COUPLE BEY AND JAY
but if Manu plays like this
i feel like maybe i should do the emoji tbh thingy
such a meathead promo by he's definitely improving though
im writing amnesia lyrics (mano mano)
Yankee fans so touchy about their players
Yes Looney tunes is on !!
Nobody wanna lose, nobody wanna fail, I'm just tryna live my life
prontico dejAre de ser twitter for iphone jeje
There was a haze in this car.
YOOOOO THIS PARTY\/WEATHER GOT ME STRESSED SONNNNNN
With comments like \"I hate trains too\" and \"omg, corn is the best\"
I will never buy a bucket hat and that's a promise
Why do you have to be such a brat
Portugal got caught lookin
Ya'll be callin it hip hop I be callin it hypnotized...
Getting back scratches&gt;&gt;&gt;
13) out of order, but when slept in the clinger's room at night, knowing she was a clinger, but didn't want to be a \"dick\"
goal is shaking buildings in Harlem. Let's go!
I HATE when someone sits next to me on the bus!
Wow what a throw by cespedes
Dipped spook in peanut butter then dipped spoon in jelly. . I think I'm reverting back to my 22 year old college self.
I take the adderall dosage of a child yet I'm still zoned in 8+ hours later... Go to sleep, brain.
A lot has changed for me in one year.
But for right now I'm alright where I'm at
Ahhhh I want it!!!! Been eyeing this for months now!
My Boyfriends hit got caught, and game over. lose, 4-0.
Bills bills bills nigga can you pay one
Congrats on the 2nd Team All-WNY nod, man.
Asked Mom if there are any \"beat USA!\" sentiments in Germany and she says \"Nah, we're confident we'll beat you.\"
I want a lotz of maryjuwana
Do not look this USA team off. They believe and you better fucking believe it.
Seriously. You don't understand. Like... Even if Jehovah witness bet he'll never testify
I DONT WANT SHIT FROM YOU I JUST WANT TO SIT HERE AND LAUGH WITH YOU
Did you know that the 7 train is going to extend to the Jersey!
Congrats to SF on not only having an amazing design practice, but also having an amazingly designed office ON THE WATER.
Spurs bouta get that ring
Wide awake rn wut is life
It was fun having her here for the weekend.
Se tentaban por cualquier boludes que decian JAJAAJAJAJAJA
Walked across the Brooklyn bridge, and then little Italy for dinner!
I'm so fresh and so clean bae bae
Buenos dias feliz domingo Dios los bendiga
When I think about you I think hoe
Cuddling an sleep would be perfect rn
We got the all-state team today
Lunes con L de Lokos Lukas....
Wow!! Veronica just tried to bite my face and she chased me and yelled get back here you Little Cesar's pizza.
Dads gonna cry when he finishes reading Britts card
Campbell didn't get the job \nThat's horrible \n
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT SCHOOL AND VAGINA BOTH HAVE 6 LETTERS AND BOTH ARE EMPTY HOLES OF NOTHING THAT HOLD SCREAMING CHILDREN FOR 9 MONTHS
My body is telling me YESS
Copy that. I'm in pursuit!
thats way past up in the air... thats up in the universe!
Somewhere between you ain't shit and I still think about you
Am I the only person who's never been on omegle
Just woke up from the only nap
When someone replies for you when it's not even wanted... wtfck!??! ITS NOT EVEN YOUR DAMN BUSINESS NO MATTER WHO THE PERSON IS.
Mustard on the beat hoe!
Why in the hell would they cut open his head like a zig zag? That would make the surgery more difficult.
Without bling, I still gleam, glisten and shine...
Time to go play with boxes and get paid
thank you my heart can finally be at peace with your heart forever and ever
I know all of the words to way too many movies it's almost embarrassing
It's funny how once you stop talking to someone they got so much bad shit to say about you but you not even worried about them
I need 's new album
When icy summer fog become one of my favorite things? It just makes it feel so good to get home and crack open a whiskey
Soo ready to fall this french final:)
My strength have been tested that I didn't even know was there
How to love by Little Wayne is his best song hands down
It bugs me out when my dog just stares at nothing
I thought I was selfish but no dat cya be my issue my issue must be me too kind and understanding cuz god know...
I wonder if even half oft followers even exist. I wonder if any of the celebrities even look at their fan tweets or respond to them
thank god the tanning salon is open again
I'm sitting at a Sport's Bar, watching the only TV not showing sports, which happens to be showing LazyTown\n\nS'a creepyass show when on mute
That new show just fucked me up hard.... Just found my new show
its also annoying when someone wants to hangout but they wont drive 10 minutes to come get me but they'll drive 45 or 20 minutes for food
I'm trying to be strong but it's like I forgot how
maybe it's time to go see someone.
This plane has 10 seats across and TWO FLOORS with a living room up front for first class. Holy cow.
I hate it when I try to show someone a funny video, but instead of laughing the person starts asking me why they're doing that in the video.
I really do love Shelby. I think she's super great.
How does everyone get the different USA flag thing on their phone
Having Boies and Olsen on the case simply shows that this is neither a conservative nor liberal issue, but a civil rights issue.
Can't not root for someone who works hard
Bed time for me Graduation in a couple hours
Adeus tchau vou sair dessa merda tambem , to sem paciencia
Today's going to be a lovely day, I can feel it
Cheese and Crackers!!? Who she trying feed a pre-schooler? Bye!
OH SHIT ONLY 3 are cooking!?
Bruised me because my manager tripped me. This is what my job has come to.
Did I make the right choice or is this gunna be the straw that broke the camels back
I can cut you out of my life so fast and not give a single fuck.
There goes season two of orange is the new black....
Fuckkk I just had 2 burgers...
Most I've ever laughed in public with
\"After getting to know our best sides, we are ready to deal with the less positive sides of who we are.\"
call lena \"rough sex roemer\" for now on
Is erik spoelstra serious ? This is an elimination game and u takin bron wade nd bosh out in the final 3 minutes ? Fight back
Finally set up our new record player. First listen is Psychic by , a gift from our good friend .
My favorite part of Santa Cruz is the people watching.
Dafuq is going on with the Yankees
There are moments when I'm too lazy and I can't move to click play next on Netflix and I just wait those long seconds
y do I wake up every morning wanting a burrito? am I really Mexican? mom is there something you're not telling me??????
Sometimes a is the way to go! Let me check out to see what's on deck!?
If you don't do your eyebrows idk what to tell you
Bout to watch Frozen for the first time...... judge all u want
My boy Dempsey!
I never see myself getting a tattoo
And you don't wanna let her down but you too young for the settle down
Fudge pops are the fucking bomb. Let's me real.
I can tell imma be singing this song randomly to myself tomorrow
I would give my left tit to see the Weeknd in September
Girls Chase Boys - Ingrid Michaelson \/\/
Really wish I could fall asleep
Let's fucken go spurs put the heat away!!!!
That $1flip flop sale at old navy tempting as fuck
Homie lives 30 seconds away &amp; I still drive lmao ..
I was like that's a good questions but right now physically lol
I never fail to eat shit and drop my fresh soda lol
I feel for the lady who has missed 2 puzzles in a row tonight on (nerves)
Phone been so dry ion think I should have to pay the bill this month
Tower of Power - East Bay Grease - What is Hip?
Sitting on our roof, hearing World Cup cheers and shouts from bars and apartments all around us.
My scalp in so burnt I didn't know it was possible this has never happened to me
What the actual fuck do I do with me.
There is one team that looks old and slow in this NBA game. It is not the team in the white sweaters.
I'm about to break out my North Face for work tomorrow. The liquor dept. is always wicked cold.
- lol feels like things have finally taken a turn for the brightside huh?
Omg the is over shut up !
Spurs have been a championship caliber team since they got Duncan.
If I wanted to be friends with a cat I'd buy one. That's all I'll say.
Ok Sunday night don't let me down. then (which I'm ridiculously excited about, btdubs).
my dog and Ashley were obviously separated at birth
Dnt get messi in the mood caz him will kill u.... Argentina no ready fe d road tho
Its crazy being in Little Italy and how the mob runs these streets
It's so cold on this greyhound
Trynna cop a key of bacon to ride this storm out with
Another day another dollar
you could be brilliant, but you're just a coward.
Jesus what a shot
Life is just so fucked up. I don't even know what to do anymore.
You hate to see that
I think i do this every other day but i'm bored and if y'all got a snapchat y'all add should add me ()
you legit cant hide anything from me
Why doesn't Kenny like karaoke
He's done it!
$AVP vol pop...30-day atm IV up nearly 9 pts, now at 36.5%
Every word is double is it normal no it is not
Anyone who thinks chemtrails are a conspiracy hasn't seen Man Of Steel. Superman makes them with his body and he doesn't mean us any harm.
I find keir gilchrist so good looking but the cameras don't agree
Why am I wasting my time right now it's not even worth it
Dealt with hyper-efficient NY DMV &amp; eternal-hold Comcast this week. Government bureaucracy beats free-market oligopoly by a mile.
Dylan rockin' the man ponytail. I don't hate it.
Why are there never any blue bins when I'm trying to move out?! You suck Connolly.
Nick Cannon with a pick in his hair... We gotta do better
Te quiiiise olvidar, tus besos borrarrrr
I really need to leave this house.
what's a good scary movie on Netflix .
I wanna hit the bino
I wanna dye my hair. But idk
Seeing bassnectar at edc is going to be a religious experience
When I GET MY PHONE Im finna take hellaa selfiess &amp; GET MY HOES BACK .
Can we leave the cops at home please
Especially when you can get a rapper that is lyrical on some trap shit, their the hardest.
Just watched in Muncie!
I have a chem regents tomorrow gn
from Love And hip hop\nTries to come across like she tough\nBut she is disrespected over and over\nWhere is your self esteem and pride
Its sad that BET has to deal with August Alsina's bc they have no one else
You can't triple stamp a double stamp!
I just adore your short hair
.I have never told a woman to go die in a ditch, and then cuss at her for speaking up, U have tho.
lol not responding to turner bc he's \"D1 bound in not responding\"
Hoy gracias a tu sonrisa mi vida tiene sentido
Toph shoulda been the earth queen
: leotards are not outdoors clothes. No matter how hot it is.
Starting my training tomorrow but I'm up, bullshitting smh!.
Ginobli with the dunk.
Deb: \"don't they look alike.\" Britt:\"no she's cuter then her.\" Deb: \"that's not a she\".
Starbucks is great but they're ridiculously overpriced
I'm not seeing the videos and the pictures anymore! haha How about you?? I'm so excited ! OMG
I wonder if you ever think about me..
Nas gangstarr Wu-Tang big L bone thugz, Mobb deep dmx method man Redman alllll triple og's
We all have that one person we can't get over
Best part about today's giants game? Timmy's nono. Second best thing? Him walking away from his post game interview with Amy G.
Yannah a foo ! Nigga idgaf if yo dick small ima slap you!
Back in wp and tryin to do something tonight hmu
Actions speak louder than words !!!
Write my first college paper &amp; its due tomorrow ayeeee get at me i'am bad
quote this with a picture and i will ship you with 5sos and 1d
She on twitter instead of texting you back
I ain't got that inna while lol
And I know they know about each other ...
Gosh I feel like I'm not getting better cus I'm locked in my room all day..lemme get out of bed &amp; go watch some Netflix
Why do some niggaz do that? Lie for no reason? Lmao to look cool or something?
I'm being left alone with Connor for 25 days
IM NOT STUPID, IKNOW THINGS LOL
Over 1000 friends on FB about 6 friends in real life lol
I'm watching \"Pitch Perfect\" in Spanish. This may be the greatest thing ever
tell me more about your job.. does your seat swivel?
Life is a gift, not meant to be destroyed by domination and lack of a chance to grow in a healthy way.
THE NERVE OF SOME PEOPLE IN THIS CONTROLLED ESTABLISHMENT.
lol @ the amount of middle fingers that get thrown up when there is traffic here
I only have 2 finals and if I add my grades on them it'll probably be like a 7
What a fucking goal.
MACY PERRY AND GARRET FIEN ARE TOO CUTE!!!!!! I'm so happy my best friend is happy ((:
I wish my name was skylinn
\"In regards of the recent shooting victims in Oroville, BCSO have acted in THIER protocol.\"
Eww who taking picks with they tv?!
Keyshia tho bitch like keyshia cole tho!!!!! I'm still tryna recover from it!!!!
Whoa but i be cursing Siri out tho...
I'm in New York and I'm bored, there's something wrong here
You're either ugly or blind to wear suglasses at night... Especially indoors at night
I think the only award show I love is the billboards bc they put Ariana as their opening act
What pain can you solve in your customer's life? Does the cost of your product or service outweigh that pain?
Boys that are more excited than girls for teen wolf..
Kayla what are you still doing up lol
Second chances don't matter , people never change
Gonna start textin niggas how they text me ...
you can explain offsides to me until the cows come home, but I'll never understand it
At break, alone, texting Sandra about the most inappropriate things lmao
Also, commence girls jumping on the Looking for Alaska bandwagon, just like they did for TFIOS, and ruining everything
Dont call my name \nDont call my name\nIm not your babe\nIm not your babe
Let's just say that going to dinner w non industry ppl is an interesting experience
How you pick a category like \"food\" with a fat girl .. That's none my business though
Fuck yeah messi with that beautiful goal
Set the tone early, ! Ridiculous start in . , excellent back post finish!
Boys watch. Men take action
idk what i would do without Skylar and Anthony
Work from 11-7, someone hit me up with plans for afterwords
Guys that romance me don't tickle my fancy
I wore a sticker that was in the shape of America yesterday and now I have a tan line from it
Just redid my nails 3 times.
Less than a minute and they score USA!!!!
I never really grew out of my tomboy stage.
\": I love it when someone remembers little things about you.\"!!
*america scores one goal*\nEvery American: \"SOCCER!!!!!\"
Follow to see my physical transformation.
I just wanna sleep... Why can't my nephew understand that?
Unbelievable panel at on Snowden, secrecy: Former executive editors at Washington Post and New York Times, current Guardian editor
Is that a happy riot in the valley!? Lol
Strong believer in people being able to accomplish whatever they truly want to achieve. Especially if opportunities aren't being allotted!
Find us at in San Francisco tomorrow! CEO will be speaking on the Future of Customer Communication
if I don't get a chipotle promposal I'll be mad
\"I don't like nuts unless they're on the female male\"
Germany or France?!? Let's go!
Two movies I cannot wait to see... Transformers &amp; Tammy lolz
+++ just had the best philly cheesesteak of my life +++
I remember I was crying my eyes out to my mom begging her to stop that whole thing as I was awaiting to take that test LMFAO
I hate when twitter switches me to my podcast account on my iPhone unexpectedly.
If you call me lex, we cool we cool
Wonder what the news line is from the lead story on the BBC website actually is... I can't actually see one
What's happening with USA. Get it together boys
I had such a good weekend with my best friend
I don't even wanna drive myself to school my back hurts so bad.
Wow Wow really the just now comin on.....like everybody on twitter already told me wat happen
Some people act like they care for you just to be fucking nosey smh
If only y'all could experience some of these odors that I have smelled on this damn bus trip. Ratchet as hell lol
Why does My Twitter sayy I'm in Buena Vista
getting this is a little bit harder than i thought it'd be
Me attempting to not buy two dresses I just fell in love with that are 90% off means putting them on hold for 24 hours.
she better thank Tyler Perry. She woulda been broke and skinny withoutem
At least my mom and I just drove around the city of Newburgh for like 2 hrs
The Roots playing for all performances tonight.
After self-traumatizing 4 seasons in 2 weeks,I have only one word for u- DRACARYS!!
I don't think anyone really understands how badly i need camp and how badly i need to get away from everything
So happy listening to essential mix ~
Cualquiera que me ve, pensara que mi vida es perfecta!
I'm mentally preparing myself for a roast session because I know ima end up in one soon
That's TWO. I think I just wet myself.
Costa Rica is gonna beat the dutch!
Actually I might delete all social media type things now
\": busta rhymes... u too old.. too big... go away\" odb son right there...
Watching bocce ball now. Don't understand it; I just like watching the old men argue over points.
your art is inflicting your demons on other people , youre too lame to tell the difference, I don't respect your sadness
Poor decision coming in to work today
That nigga Tevin came thru with the slips tho
Jermaine jones only
not a summer has gone by where i dont come home sunburned as hell my first day at the beach
Honestly feel like the sharks will trade big Joe, tank this next season, and draft McDavid.
niggas really hate to see you doing better than them
really ya fucking serious????! thats fucking ruden
Damn Messi that was beautiful
please please please
It's been a year since 5SOS first announced their album and here we are now and I couldn't be prouder
My bad if my ex trys too fight you
In need of an L
..safe guard the helpless and do no wrong. this is your oath
Watching film outside of nddaughterscafe has been fun today!
And underwear ....
I got my nails done a week ago 4 broke. Yes I need a new nail salon -_-
Just want these baseball articles to come out
I'm in the mood to just talk to people tonight
can't get any better than that
People whom don't hair or plant hair, they are blind.
Lebron's crying! I love it
if you feel like you can't even ask me if you can come, then why would you think I would say yes...
HOLY COWWWWWWW GINOBILI
Cristiano Ronaldo por mucho que te ame hoy no puedo
Playing with my little boy before bed time amazing how they have loads of energy before you put them in bed.
Ah yay! Maroon 5's MAPS music video is releasing tomorrow night. Can't wait.
I wanna go to BWWs for the USA game.
I just saw a man lift a 350 lb weight...with his penis
Choosing to walk up the escalator and not lay down on it is the most difficult decision I've made all day
When can I go back to school &amp; be away from home?
good bitch I fuckin hate u too
fuck can i just be famous yet
If you don't want to die: don't fuck with the order of the line in a New Jersey diner
I could probably eat my entire kitchen rn
I can't stand people who curl up in a ball when life doesn't go their way. Buck up kiddo!
Suckerz. This whole Hobby Lobby thing is a prank.
.parents definitely need more input at school &amp; district level on all issues but case is bogus &amp; shd be thrown out
430 am wake up call means 1030 bed time
Can we just go back in time to when we didn't use to talk, it was better when we didn't talk than having you ignore me now
Vice President Pussyole
I don't even care that it's Fourth of July
This Kim Kardashian game is really like consuming me like yas Lisa yas . Lol I'm attending a grand opening to Lif in 4 mins lmao
is a constant rollercoaster of twists and turns tonight.
Ass or Titties?? Which 1 y'all prefer a Bitch to have more of??
got a fuckin red card smh
Cespedes does it again. Wow! Eat your vegetables kids. One day you too can have a cannon for an arm.
I CALLED A NUMBER AND THE GIY GOT REALLY MAD LMAO
I need to stop walking around my neighborhood looking like the illest bum but then again I really don't give a fuck
Happy Birthday Katrina Rohfles :) ILY girly
girls and their subtweets. oh wait so is this.
I'm sorry soccer is a great sport and all but these tweets are starting to get annoying real quick.
I am up at 5 AM to go take a calc test. This is just wrong.
nails and shoes and shirt and bra and underwear and bathing suit and shorts and pajamas all have the flag on them.....
Calum only follows pretty girl's though oh
I cannot lie. I still really REALLY love airports.
On another note I wish I was at this Yankee Red Sox game tbh
well that REALLY sucks. get healthy soon
Wtf is this. It's summer. Not winter. Why is it so goddamn cold!?!
Even when I'm not working I love the peacefulness of weekend Sunday mornings.
Dempsey = World fucking Class
If my nigga has a problem with me clipping his nails then ima have to just tie him down and do it. Can't be with me with nasty nails
I need to replace my phone like now
still wondering why guys can't be straight up about things
I'm crying OMG pitch perfect
bless the man who left his 20, 23, and 26 year old kids enough pb&amp;j's to last the whole week he and his wife are away AKA my main bitch Gary
I miss when candy would hop my fence and leave me McDonalds and alcohol on my desk when I'm not home..
I have to finish reading fault in the stars before I see the movie
Can everyone get out my mentions please
Im hoping you were joking because I feel bad
I thinking about buy a ticket for see at
Stevie J smashed Althea, Benzino ain't taking it to well. Pls stop with the 3some porno. Love and Hip hop Atlanta.
My mother dead showing off in front of her boyfriend
Wait, did Das just trade his shoes for a 2$ beer. Losing it
No one wants to go swimming w me??!
I want more friends on snapchat??Anyone idk who you are
If I'm in love with you, you ain't never gotta worry about nun.
Is it weird I just got the chills from these penalties? Imagine if we see this Tuesday night...
\" oh he's going to call or text you today\"
Forming a reader's crew! I'm looking for some readers stories\/books that I am working on. If you love to read talk to me.
Bruh I regret you so much
THIS GAME OH MY GOD
Jimmy Henson is probably rolling in his grave.
&amp; you won't know what to doo.. You won't know how to react to me...
wow! Is this a record!? Goooooool!
Randomly bumped into another Aussie in a SF bar. Love how well our accent is able to be distinguished by others. A true conversation starter
Seems like it's a lie...and I'm not buying it anymore
Im going to miss your dog more then u
Triple H is dancing in front of a visibly shaken John Cena as a gigantic PS3 WWE game box floats down with Triple H's face on it.
apartment searching post college is worse than job searching
It's my time
USA can't score because ROMEL SANCHEZ ISN'T IN!!!!!
THE MUSIC ON TEEN WOLF IS SO UGHHH
I just had to open my car hood and take a fuze out of my fuze box in this neighborhood with no street lights. I almost got murdered nbd
Hot summer nights , mid July when you &amp; I were forever wild
Y'all are really trippin with this Iggy girl... All that white girl got is a fat ass and no musical talent
I'm in a bad mood, and I'm pretty sure I have been all day.
Tiesto, Zedd, possibly Kaskade in August! Man I'm excited for Vegas!
I guess the only thing left to do now is get high
quit injuring our key players
Top five movies of all time 1) godfather 2) goodfellas 3) dazed and confused 4) scarface 5) Requiem for a dream
I'm in love with the beach
when girls smoke weed like 5 times they act all deep like please stop you're like 12 ok
Im dying to meet .Soul Goddess with such a good spirit
Just transferring to cortland and looking at grad schools in nc makes me want to take 7 classes a semester
The sun is shining. I hear people dancing in the street outside. Inside, we are having a long weekend of bare-bottomed larks.
If you still make Facebook statuses in a desperate attempt to find plans, do less.
Today was fun af! Even thoe I literally rode 3 rides
Song pulling a Pepe
I got into the car and chas is jamming to 5sos what the fuck
Whatever happened to the Go-Bots? Where's their movie franchise??
What an interesting\/amazing night in NYC got invited to the VIP lounge and got to party with the actor from the fault in ours stars!
\": *waits for Frank Oceans new album to release*\" I've been waiting...
SHOUTOUT TO TANNER SHARTWELL FOR THE FOLLOW
Do you ever just skxkkxos becauSe your so happy and you just wokdlanxkwks
Bouncin on my lap Boun-bouncin on my lap .
We were meant to be, supposed to be, but we lost it.
I need new people to text, I'm always on my social networkings just to entertain myself but that can only last so long
thought I could talk to a basic bitch but my face is melting off
Deff would love to see vs for the wwe world title...
The priest hasn't called me back
\"Imma treat you like my hustle, you know I'll be on that all day\"
who wants to come to the candy kitchen and eat chocolate with me how can you pass that up
Ghanas kits are hella african looking
Cristiano Funes Mori
Like I don't understand when someone texts you \"Heyy\" and you respond, and then they just never text you back? ....??
What's the point if you're not happy
It hurt more than I thought it would
But who the fuck is on twitter?? Not me
Just found out there are bagels at the office every morning. So yes, I'm looking forward to Monday.
there was a girl in my library today that was reading naomi wolf's newest book and she looked like amber heard
Still cant get over it hah
2) when made out with his FDU sister and had the infamous Kimbojangles scare.
I hate when people post their hospital bracelets on twitter or Instagram and when people ask what's wrong they don't respond
I vote we let employees get their birth control at the VA
For my birthday lets go to San Fran!
Out in 4th for $300 gl to the 3 maniacs that are still in
I didn't even get any good pictures today
To the person busy on their phone while getting a haircut at Supercuts: you are a grade-A disingenuous dickweed.
S apostrophe M O R E
La mejor corita de Anthony santos Era Susy
Went to get more salsa what happened
twitter is full of bland and repetitive topics
Ghana is killing Beasley's side right now.
I'm so scared for this ush regent cause sister pat will kill me if I fail
LeBron walking back on D and didn't even make it back to the offensive half after that.
I sear if Wendell says any shady shit tomorrow about this tour. She will be dragged.
There are multiple reasons why that week is gonna suck.
It's okay guys, I only hit 2 parked cars today
Tenho trabalho de bio pra fazer ainda :\/
If I gotta tell you shit i done told you b4 or general info about me everyone know dont hit me up. Every blue moon u askin me same shit. Bye
my phone dont even be dry i just dont text back .
Found my first grey hair today!
Botta Bruce Lee Kick My Moms In Her Jaw
guys don't really think about consequences do they?
Lets go Virginia it's your time
I just google imaged a wolverine, I always thought they were a type of wolf but they actually look nothing like that...
You guys are close bc it's a name
My room is like a sauna right now. Can't sleep
Gooooooooool let's go EEUU
War of attrition this match. Hoping Costa Rica can pull it off.
pq todo mundo gosta na maki? skfjlksjfs
Smh that was gonna be funny asf too but people are dumb
it's time for my daily daddy tweet
you're all a bunch of disappointments
Wow okay ny family just loves havung partues at my house without ne or my mom knowing but who cares
My cousin just told me that, theres a lot of \"illegal\" stuff to do rn at night. Im like wtf lets do that
Shorty caught a body bout a week ago!!!\n\n\n
Picture me being scared of a nigga who breath the same air as me.
I'm just tryna get my back cracked
\"Blue jay fan since 2012\" anyone remember a trade that happened that offseason?
It's so hard to give up something you love
This summer is about to be real af
Amo cada vez que la gente se mete en vainas que ni le importan, en serio.
Ganja enthusiasts are always fun
\": Weed makes me horny, liquor makes me fck.\" Lol join the club
If anyone didn't already know i luv alfons
That Match Was Entertainin' But Still It Was A Waste However To Pay My Respects For
Bout to go to hell, I mean the dmv
come watch me draw at join.me.\/Beckbecks
Ricky gave me a special cookie, and since it was small I didn't think itd do much, and I've been loaded all day.
Thanks for replying by the way thanks.... appreciate yo.
Nick Cannon forever will make me laugh just by looking at him.
ACIK VE NET MELH GOKCEGIN TWITTER HESABI TRDEKI EN EGLENCELI HESAP!\nAy pardon basgani aninca klavye otomatik olarak caps locka atmis kendini
Today is Movie With My Friend .GO Watch !
Back the camera off his face damnnn Dafuq
To go to sleep or to go to rocky's hmm
((HUGS)) \": Me, flu, medication, TV &amp; series. Half pain, half bliss. \"
This drive is fucking never ending
then @ 11:30pm EST its my SEXY MAD COOL BOSS MAMI w\/VAMP CITY w\/cohosts &amp; on !!
Smoking weed is a part of my life style, I don't smoke to look cool, I smoke weed because I love getting heller high brother.
my shit still was sayin i was in Manhattan and shit that wwas 12 hours ago lol
Ne-yo in the morning
I'm sorry but your intellect does not match your rhetoric.
but srsly I'm excited to hang with ma bin officers lol
\": College next for you?\"you know it!!
Who knows how to drive
Like wtf is a mini mansion hahahaha
\": kinda wanna go to brittany's party tmr\"gooo
My mom is literally my favorite person in the entire world
haven't seen each other in a while. I miss you.....I like what you were wearing last night.
mick jagger ta torcendo pro brasil ah nao
My 23 year old girlfriend and I broke up before I could figure out who \"bae\" is.
How much does want it? Bc if he wants to win; he will take over this game; the world knows he's capable of that.
Ok Dylan just told me he'd leave me for Marcus
I need to ride my dirtbike
I haven't taken the bus in so long omg
I used to be the girl that didn't let a guy pay for her now i'm like \"yea &amp; make those fries extra large\" lol
Two Dimes, A Nickel And A Quarter
Been havin a lot of nice movie nights and just resting by myself lately and its super nice
Too many ppl ask me y I'm not a model n I'm like cuz u have to be photogenic 2 do dat okkk
shawty don hit me less u got dem cakes
I will forever love the mexican nivea that comes in the big blue jar
Oh na na, why you gotta act so naughty?
Whenever I get up I'm dizzy for a cool minute
These daddies that be coming up here to pick up they kids be so outta pocket lol smh
Everyone tweets better on the monkey bars of playgrounds passed 10:53pm
JORDAN GOT A LITTLE MORE CAKE AND SHES WAY TALLER
RIP Bobby Womack!
So and are both in London at the same time.....hmmmm, interesting.
I'm afraid to watch The fault in our stars
what the hell i wanna see 22 jump street so bad
hmu if you wanna join
Um, why is Tim Cook's \"outing\" trending on Facebook, but not here in SF on Twitter? In other news, !
Then my girl doesn't even want to talk to me ...
LOL WE TRADED OUR SHITTY CLOSER FOR THE PIRATES SHITTY CLOSER.
Domo and nia are my go to people
Mike Beasley should have been getting minutes all year....
Just because you're a guy, it doesn't mean you're superior to girls
Can't make it to Parade this weekend? Watch my good friend from as he helps stream the event live online!
Long distance relationships....they suck.
All you hoes follow my campaign &amp; Alll you niggas know my name .
pretty little liars is ruining my life tbh
I feel like I can tell her more stuff now since I'm getting older &amp; she doesn't get as mad.
Finally on my flight to Greensboro, NC, it has been a long day but win made it all worthwhile!!!
Nani . Alright bro
Back then these hoes didnt want me now I'm hot they all on me
RT : Their \"meatless choices\" are fish. Lmfao.
The best things in life can bring the greatest disappointments
Someone please start a Twitter feed dedicated to in NY based on weather daily. Could even link to retail ... brands take it away
I work next to a burrito place
Phil of the future is on and apparently the show started 10 years ago wtf
Almost to the ferry taking us to the reception
forgot how much I like staying up all night
I smell like mad fish, the good kind.
Just another day: 2 round trips to Monterey for my big bro, an all day offsite for work &amp; din at Moss Landing. What'd you do today?
'back on the board'
The fact they did it man down jesus
that was a joke people I'm making fun of my own kind
The trade \": 13. When at an amusement park what attractions do you spend the most time on?\"
My mom just asked me to give her a golf lesson, it's 10 at night.
Almost time to cook veggie burgers, woot woot!
who's down for a pick up game tonight at 7?
Its hotter than Kenya outside today
Your lucky I love you with all my heart bby sister.
If I didn't have the day off tomorrow I'd probably just go break my arm or something
Mom: \"you've got a sense of humor, kid.\" Me: Won't get me into college doe
I hope I used jailbait with the correct usage.
It's gotten to the point where I can't leave Target without a new lipstick
I just want some massive thunderstorms.
Portugal is wearing Red. \nUS is wearing White. \nAnd the refs are wearing Blue.\n
IM done With this House
Joe Biden is at the World Cup
My coach sent me a summer workout plan and I haven't done a single workout on it lmfao
Can someone have a party like project x please
Raining, pouring, alls my cars is foreign. Jk jk jk
Poor Jozi! He just got his groove back.
I don't want yo live in a nanny-ship, where I have to put my hand up to ask the adult to ask for permission to fix my own device.
If you're illegal and want your green card just retreat this status
I was lowkey dumb salty about that
Work till 10 sext meh
I don't think some people understand the stress &amp; work that comes with planning events. Wtffff Idk why I even bother
That goal was nuts.
Mareilas has a sick beard oh my glob...
When people put hash tags, with shit that has nothing to do with the photo wtf learn how to #!
I have fallen asleep on a train and a plane today. That 3am wake up to go to the airport was rough enough to make me sleep anywhere
A lot of niggas acting real but they fugaze
, and on needs a little more (and )
Lawd people talking about they can't get to the concert bc traffic is so bad. Beyonce shuts down everything when she come
I BOUGHT MY FAKE ID FOR YOU
if i like your instas and you don't like mine that's just not right.
Can't approach a girl on some lame nigga shit
Wait..... Got to roll this joint wait hold up hold up
you think I would learn my lesson Monday - Thursday about turning my alarms off, nope they all went off this morning too
Sooo who wants to go to the beach tomorrow?
RED, WHITE &amp; BLUE AND SCORING GOALS ON YOU! JONES! 1-1
I like to do things that I'm not supposed to
I've been wanting to go to bed since 9 but yet I'm still up..
Im wearing my boyfriends tshirt and it smells like him omg this makes me so happy
I'm bored but I also don't wanna do anythin
That was nice.
Hacen su lio y me lo pegan a mi.
I got so much shit to do tm
Dont know if I want pineapple or coconut icecream ??
Do you intend to prove this? said the doctor. Did you see this murder? Where are your witnesses? Jim Hawkins &amp; the Curse of
Polo everything, they should endorse me. That should be my face on the horsey
some subs just get caught and you know you're not supposed to @ the person.. cause they'll just know... and not meant for everyone to get.
Well that was uncalled for
I wonder if ill sleep any better tonight, cuz lately I've been sleeping shitty.
After eating my feelings I'm happy to say I've adopted a new one. Nausea.
Chris been in fucking denial since Freshman year nigga.
God just keeps amazing me how He is working in these girls lives!
Income assistance rates frozen in ? Ugh. Cue the spin in 3..2..1..
This is huge for the senior class that we're drinking on a Monday night
I'll be watchin em from heaven I'm they walking angel , hit the lock on the ghost and it'll drop the Angel
The German and Austrian National Anthem, the official national anthem of Formula 1.
tengo una caravana de cada una una naranja y otra blanca
im an outsider ... i need to see first and expect your mistrust
Miss sleeping with my boyfriend every night.
The 1st couldn't come fast enough
Really want to get a kitten to keep me company while I write, but I feel that would seal my fate as a spinster.
If you don't like it, you can beat it.
Ugh. I hate not being able to eat .-.
Friend: \"WTF YOU HAVE 'a NUMBER?! CAN I HAVE IT?!\"\nMe: \"Who's cece?\"
Once you reach a certain age twitting every move on an award show gets pretty lame!
Gonna have to make the best out of this summer with a limited amount of money :\/ where my friends at ?
Is Aladdin Disney's version of Benghazi?
I always respond to texts in my head and then forget to actually text back
Your gone and I gotta stay high all the time
The convos that cime from my tweets lol
yo gritando por todo el colegio &gt; yo y mas yo &gt; yo &gt;
We GOT SOOOO MUCH BLESSING AND FAVOR BUT WE CANT LIVE HOLY?
This new keyshia tho!!!!!! Ima help her promote this tomorrow!!!
The real you is an entirely different entity of whom you may never find, or don't want to find, or can't find. What absolute torture.
omggg, im 19!! :O oh,wells... happy birthday to me! :P
I feel like a soviet having to work today
I just got retweeted... by a shape.
Why do I come home from Belmar with bruises galore
Literally every gas station we've stopped at along the way back to LA is FULL of EDC ravers.
Who Cares Irrelevant Statement! : Heat Got Washed in 5 in the Finals. Michael Jordan Scottie Pippen and those Bulls would never.....
dare i restart watching Breaking Bad?
Picnic was so real. made magic happen.
I have yet to play more that 2 consecutive games in call of duty ghosts because it keeps freezing or says I'm offline
im going to sleep at 3:17am , watch my dads punk ass try and wake me up at 7 in the morning a
Sometimes I hate when people say I'm hella nice cuz to be honest I feel like it really brings you nothing then getting walked on.
Free Baby D
I like how soulja boy dresses his.fits be fresh af
I hate letting my mom down.
2am: eating cookies and listening to loud white girls walking home in the rain.
\"BREAKING: Free bowls of at Recharge Bar thru 6\/27 @ 1701 Broadway-1st come, 1st served!\" You won't regret it!
Hahah why is toast such a funny word
NO IM NOT FEELING THE WHOLE RAIN, THUNDER &amp; LIGHTNING THING
The more you sweat in training the less you bleed in combat
Nastiest play i seen lmao
Clarified w the bouncer.. he thought we were twins.
I met him through a dancer. Didn't know he was a tropical chancer.
True Blood tonight
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
weed does less damage to your body than cigs and alcohol and those are legal.... Tf?!
\": its ight I guess\" sighss , aiite .
WTF! 2nd time in 4 days that a bird has shit on my head! I'm expecting to win the euro mills now.
After hearing people's experiences, I can't have kids. Too much pain &amp; just no.
It's in the palm of your hand now baby. It's a yes or a no, no maybe.
Not gonna lie orange is the new black isn't that bad of a show.....just wish they casted hotter actresses
Mom brought me home McDonalds, is this real life
Wow I'm fucking going in rn
lost my fave nose ring this morning \/:
Ugh I cant keep nail polish on
Arizona is home. San Francisco is definitely home. Thankful for both.
Hello? Is there anybody in there? Just knock if you can hear me. Is there anyone home?
This Omega XL commercial has been on for like 10 minutes.
S\/O to the for sweeping the Giants \n\nLove,\nEvery Dodgers Fan
Have to admit, a shoot out in soccer is fantastic. Enjoying the Costa Rica- Greece game
Usually when people think im mad im not even mad. It really takes too much energy to get angry when I'm usually happy.
Can someone punch me in the face so I can try to sleep
Every single summer I'll be the one that you remember
It's too early for the reindeer games. Miss me with all that fuckery.
It's always around this time that Michelle starts lurking
10 minutes of listening to the worst easy listening version of Rhapsody in Blue
The Seed of Chucky was one of the worst movies I've ever seen
Coming to America is on lol
why doesn't my Subscription feed say Introducing FaZeyet?
Date a pure Dominican nigga. It will change your life without a doubt.
Lol my dad is selling the ones he doesn't need!
Never thought loving you would hurt me this way.
You know they'll be a plan B C &amp; D if &amp; don't get his way with to the top not fair
My snapchat stories are always way too long, but I want to share my life with everyone
I can't stand when people don't text back like wth why'd you reply in the first place
This back pain is shitty, I need a back massage.
OMFG just saw zaya rain romance pix m so excited cant evn type properly. Wohooo finally Zaya rain sequence has come &amp; soon their SR cant w8!
Why is everyone stressing about graduation caps? It's really not a big deal if you don't decorate it.
Damn, just had a million dollar idea; looked on Google and it already exists &gt;;0
I start work again tomorrow and I am not amused. My one day of freedom was not enough.
You could not pay me enough to leave my bed today.
Allies making me sit in her bathroom whileshe showers
Can someone tell this old hag to shut up
im on my 38th week... and gained 35lbs already... oh my... when will my labor be?
Today we play skyline at 11 @.chabot
Copp half an 0z or buy shoes ?
Someone telling you to sleep it off is like the IT guy telling you to turn it off and on
Happy National Excuse to get hammered and watch fireworks Day!
This Wimbledon match needs to end. Nobody even watches it. I pulled an all nighter just to watch my country play against France.
I like the all white, high top..strapped with the gum bottom
Ready to start my English class. Crazy day in the World Cup. Mexico and BRASIL win.
You know you have a kid when you are still watching the cartoon you put on for him, after he has already fallen asleep
Password to my computer isn't working wtf
.Why exactly would a Congress that opposes Obama's policies support Obama's policies? I know you did fascism, but sheesh...
Soooo rihanna and drake not there? How cute lol
Goaaaaaaaaalllllll!!!!!!!! Wow that as amazing
Not sure why I'm questioning myself but I need a sign just to be sure......
\":thank you!\" Welcome :)
Here we go!!
Helllo new york city
Yet another ! Closing night, sad to see it go, glad to be here for the last show!
That curve though
hate how I just took a nap for like 80 years
THAT WAS CRAZY
Ignore that x at the end of baddd
Take. Me. On. TAKEEEEE ONNNNN MEEEEEEE
Never thought I was say this, but incredibly disappointed in tonight. I'll remember this night next time I book.
Super short 3mile run in 80 degree weather
not even gonna use the pity card lmao
im not ignoring you, im just to lazy to respond rn.
I'm about to make some major changes to get to where I need to be.
If 3 is 3\/5 of 5, how's Black America related to America, to ? To a dog there're no subsets of dogs! ~AK
Only know you luv her when you let her go
Say whatever you want about a nigga but don't come at his momma.
I'm actually thrilled is champion again
Lol you have no right to complain about effort when you won't reciprocate the effort I put for you.
proud @ maddie @ aimee &amp; @ amelia
do u have a moment to talk about our lord and savior james deen?
Dropped my iPod in the pool. Ruined forever
The Good Luck Charlie series finale always makes me cry
Ana are any of them cute?
Congrats to Wheeler on receiving his first shelling in his pro career.
He Claim He Ain't Doing Nothing... But That Ain't None Of My Business Doe
transferring at Jamaica station is always an adventure
can someone give me a full body massage
I can't listen to dead leaves and the dirty ground anymore. ever. u have ruined me jack
Ian Darke just called Joe Biden the US President...
For all those haters out there suck my ass cause your no good and better then everybody else
I really be pretending like I'm so perfect.. But at heart I know that I honestly have the most imperfections.
I wish all my friends had twitter.
i've never been so mad at the world
six flags tomorrow with my main babe
Who has an old AT&amp;T phone I can by or have
Life's about reciprocation and basically everyone sucks at it
That's why I hate you all
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
Walk in my boyfriends room and he has candles lit, hmmmmmmmm
Working 730am-11pm will b the death of me tomorrow
Klose gets the start today. Germany to start fast.
Ahh payback is a bitch ain't it D Wade?
hahah \"elias you remember him yeah the nigga who snitched\" he got me fucked up lol
Anyone wanna hang with me, Conrad, Tre, Sam, and Colin?
Party at my house tonight, text me if you want to come over. Make sure you let me know if you're coming through
drove to jersey to surprise Jord's parents &amp;they're not even home lollllzzzzz
just met again and he called me out for calling him a babe on twitter, ain't even mad
I'M PRAYING THERE WON'T BE ANY SKUNKS OR I WILL SERIOUSLY CRY. AND A BEE BETTER NOT GO IN MY PHO AGAIN BECAUSE I WAS SCARED.
Get fucking owned
I wish I had a desire to talk to females
People be thinking i lie about certain things but tbh no body got time to lie if ima do something il tell you straight up
Woww what a comeback.
I dont understand how minority groups back obama\nLetting in illegals hurt minority groups the most\nMinority groups r the highest unemployed
I love coming home to free product! Thank you for the new fragrance! what has your job sent you lately?
Go team USA!
Bucket Hat=Nets Bucket hat
Every holiday deserves a track from jay rad...
Bomb blast in Kano, Nigeria - my home town. May God bring a peaceful end to this senseless carnage.
I just found out my promoter, Kari Estrin, is the same one they got for the Llewyn Davis record. whoa. maybe someone will play this thing.
One little comment like that makes me so depressed and hate myself even more
I better not be here all night
Peanut butter banana smoothies are my new thing.
I'll tweet I'm out turning up with hot niggas when I'm really home in sweats eating ice cream just because I know a nigga's lurking
My mom dad were talking at the gym, and I stood there and checked out his dad while he stood there and checked out my mom
I'm watching the bachelorette and all I hear is the girls screaming Decemberism inside the trailer and I can't help but laugh because
Jerry Kraus says: Melo, come playoff time, we can't afford your airless routine where you fail to shoulder so much responsibility.
Can I try a 30 day free trial of being famous?
Never been more excited to come back to Woodland.
I hate that we can't qoute anymore on this new twitter
Cooking some Homemade chicken Alfredo, garlic bread, Spanish wine and Aladdin is how I'm ending today...
Jesus Christ these kids are easily distracted. We were supposed to leave for swimming almost an hour ago..! I WANA PUT MY FEETS IN WATER
Littleman is a little too awake for 1:30am. Looks like it's you and me for a little bit, twitter.
Lets go the rebuild begins tonight!
I'm just ready to go to college away
they say you cant have your cake and eat it too but aint that what you suppose to do .
I just don't fuck with ignorance and racism. That's the only reason I'm mad NF has some of the realest down to earth people I've met
I push away the wrong people &amp; then it's too late..
\"According to Amazon, the most highlighted Kindle books are the Bible, Steve Jobs biography and The Hunger Games. &amp;surveillance!
Serious question: Did Alito go to law school with Lionel Hutz?
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
Kanye west is acceptable any time of day, hour, year, season, my whole life
Can't make you want to talk
Everybody's always trying to be like each other
so annoyed with the world right meow
WTF, JUST GIVE LEBRON THE BALL
Boutta pop a pill hope I don't almost die like yesterday
lmfao. my cousins feel that way about me right now.
Never in my life has my pizza\/pasta eating ratio been so high
baby and just sad to me and in plus I found out when I was 3 months already had feet legs I just couldn't but if its not a baby yet I
hate it or love it the underdogs on top.
Omg soooo many slugs lol never know who it's towards
Lately I've been the worst at reading messages and forgetting to reply. Oops!
A special needs child got kicked out of a movie theater for laughing!
74% humidity and blood drawn on the regular. Soccer looks so fun!
Never really felt the necessity of having \"Friends\" or a BFF I always had that's my everything tbh. My legit other half.
Someone srsly needs to keep me entertained cus I'm bored af
Re-watching gossip girl cause... Why not?
Hold up hold up we dem boyz
I don't want to live in this planet anymore. :(
Costa Rican fans crying w\/joy bc this is all they have. I'm going to my play video games and eat cheese cake in my underwear bc I'm American
getting wisdom teeth taken out sucks. like a lot.
But then I think about the minorities that are targeted for their lack of power. Ignorant to ignore them cause \"people are inherently evil\"
LOL anons be doing too much. they feel they have nothing to lose anyways. na dem dey first call people ugly smh
Right in nanis face. Let's go
I usually don't tweet about the weather: but oh my god that thunder was just ridiculous!!!
Why is this dam BUM serenading me and is rolling!
yes I drive to Madison just to get cohens at least once a week
Shapiro: also developed map of VA + painkillers. Btwn '01-'12, painkiller prescription &amp; overdose amg vets both increased
I might just need to let go of my vidcon dream. Maybe it wasn't meant to be. 3.5 Hour delay and counting.
\": Feel like I'm willingly doing the most for everyone but when it's other people doing shit for me it's a whole other story\"
I knew baddie t would come thru
Hoy me ha tocado atender a tantas parejas felices q me hacen el dia y me da gusto q su amor sea correspondido
I remember when my parents tried to put me in a private Muslim high school and I purposely failed the entrance test so I would get rejected
Is it supposed to rain od ?
i am SUCH a good friend to you and you just treat me like shit
If we not fuckin don't leave me a DM.
I can't believe I left my keys at the gym I'm an idiot
Ur ugly - drake irvine: world traveler, philosopher, and athletic scholar
The phrase \"Snake eye\" bring back memories lolz RT\": RT : Rlly regret say mi nuh do the snake eye\"
I can't wait until okc or lac kicks the spurs ass next postseason
Looking forward to
I would feel more violated if you went through my music than if you went through my phone.
Knowing the time, that it is NOW the hour for you to be aroused from sleep, FOR NOW our salvation is nearer than when we believed.
Happy that next week I turn on my last packets and ill be done with summer school
NO WAYYYYY USA
Ctfu they go out now?
tell me karlie red wasn't instigating?
the value of life in that city is so low, shit's sad.
Why am I eating soup in this heat
That text message I got right now just broke me down
How did I get paid less than when I worked more hours
Omg omg this rain made my fuckingn night
follow she needs more followers like me
I would much rather be in my bed then be on my way to court right now
shit. shit shit shit. fuck. i'm scared
You're never too old for Ellio's pizza.
Hair almost done, weave Poppin lol
my sleeping schedule is fucked up odee
Portugal goal caught staring!!!
Ronaldo and Howard are friends.
Action packed Skimm today! Thanks team
Manu clearly saw messi play earlier
Kinda mad at my sister rn
\": 9. Why do you follow me?\"well duh because I love u
Having a super America holiday - heading to a baseball game with my kids.
YA VAN DOS VECES EN OCULTO QUE NOS OS LO VOY A COJER PESADILLAS
.and I thought I was a downer
I won't be able to sleep now !
What a waste of my fucking time
Making yourself do tasks on a Dailey basis is a super good choice playing ketchup sucks;) name some ways u can show self control.
Ua,sola lou keige i lisi nuu lmfaoo
I support you come on over
No hay nadie para meter el gol.
What's up CR7
That hot trash pink dress is available at Rainbow right now on 125th
Dom didnt know what a bec was...
Anyone know that song that was just on??????
Do not wear a cardigan as a shirt.
Now to get back on my feet ...
If you're a hypocrite I probably hate you
It's a Shame the way things have to be
i've reached my maximum of dealing with this week.
Currently on the floor a Frenchman, Italian, Australian, Argentinian and Timmy from the Virgin Islands. Poppovich onto something
Buena idea para un tatuaje chiquito Yulissa.. Jajajajajaja
I wonder how Hobby Lobby would've turned out if it had been a Jehovah's Witness who owned and and the concern was over blood transfusions
how could someone be mean to an animal...?
If you have nice eyebrows, your tall, not frail, and know how to dress I love you with all my heart
It's tooooo late to be laughing so hard right now .
Major cultural shock rn omg bring me home aka Florence
Ecw chant in 2014. Let it go
traded my old bike for a cactus today
Yony ain't shit ****
I guess that's what separates the real from the fake
\"You say no to ratchet juicy j can't \"
la vi a mi mama llorar y estalle
What a goal! USA USA USA USA!!!
Someone come swimming with me &amp; kaeylnn tomorrow
If your only priority in life is doing stupid amounts of drugs with your \"best friends\" and looking like a fucking idiot, don't talk to me.
Just going to say nobody expects Brown to set the baseball world on fire, just play the game, catch the ball, hit the ball, do your job
MY PEOR RESACA FUE CUANDO TE TOME ENSERIO!
Watching all of the USA team's stories instead of getting ready for work
238 years old and still the hottest girl in class.
Made myself believe the untrue . How could I not know
MY STYLE MIGHT BE MY FAVORITE RECORD RIGHT NOW THAT SAYS ALOT ABOUT IT
\": It's been almost 18 years since has seen his mother. \"
My mind is such a mess. I miss the way I use to be like.
It's always so nice seeing old family friends.
Can't wait for the USA to play tonight
she's a hoe and you didn't listen to me
my dog is terrified of thunder storms and likes to sit on my head whenever there is a storm lmfao
On twitter but don't text back? Yeah, fuck you too.
Smoked about 100 blunts and I ain't even high yet
better start playing
Warning: I am vicious today
You can't be fucking serious right now..
Dom feels uncomfortable with liquor through his veins
.I refer you to \"The Brother From Another Planet\" and \"The Man Who Fell To Earth\". Nuff said.
onde estao os amigos quando preciso deles?
It must be summer bc got too much sht planned!!
Sometimes what you want most is what you're best without.
My hair is so blonde and I really don't know how I feel about it
i might go to pride in charlotte bc i have family there that we plan on visiting often
You have no heart bitch
World Cup aka MMA
So long Jason Kidd. I loved the idea of you coaching the Nets but your a greedy bastard so have fun in Milwaukee
Lemme finish this verse for NCS 0-100 real quick
22 &amp; I graduated college all the drama I had in the past is the past I'm over it and no long care or need it in my life no harsh feelings
Can't wait to be home Friday but at the same time what do I even have to look forward to...
Food is a priority right now.
wait, what? phantogram is vevo's \"lift\" artist. where have they been the last 5 yrs?
I assume the US scoring in the first 30 secs of the game has to do with being there.
it's a revolution
Finally I get to relax and enjoy this pretty night with my best
\"I hate the United States of America\" -David
A falcon is just a normal bird who bought a BoFlex
Something like the finest piff maybe even some white to sniff
I know I'm still an asshole
It's taking four of them to put a kayak on the car and they aren't even doing it right
shit i forgot my phone case
Just wasted last night
Check out A &amp; P Roti &amp; Pastry Shop; 4902 Church Ave during for $10 lunch specials!
Tmm LIVE on tmrw @ 2pm CST. Q\/As feat. + + \/\/ &amp;
You're the only one I notice, it's really hard for me to focus
Score...... USA USA USA !!
It wouldn't be Fourth of July in NYC w\/o someone driving by, windows down, blasting old school freestyle.
Remember the love when there's nothing but hate
Need some Atlantic City in my life..
I'm as hot as a 3 dolla quesadilla HOO HAAA
This little baby just looked at me and starting speaking Spanish and I didn't know what to do lmao
Filipina eating peanut lumpias off her fupa on her futon savage villain never chillin but always grinning
I hate being treated like a baby. Im 17 like seriously stop. Now ik why my bro dont fuxs with this family
Tywin Lannister didn't have a happy Father's Day
One thing I don't deal with at the gym is someone saying they \"can't\". I refuse to put up with that bullshit.
Nobody puts baby in a corner. YASSS BITCH!
Nothing more than to just keep your head up nd move on
Y el amor que tu crees que murio aun sigue durmiendo aqui en su cuna
Teddy Roosevelt showing up for America today!!
And i want a mf car
When you get car keys before a house key...
Messi, Bron of this soccer shit.
If you're CEO of a public company and you tell the truth (about how tough it's going), shareholder lawsuit comes. -
Its not a Ronaldo hair cut...its a fucking comb over, holy shit...i wanna cut my hair every time someone says that too me
I just spend my turn tryna find Waldo
Quan, Yo Gotti, &amp; Snootie had that shit TURNT UP !!!!
4 years ago i promised justin i wouldn't cut myself again. I just broke that promise .
2hrs of singles tennis. 8 pts. LET'S GO
Raw flax seed is not that bad. I bought several bags. You just got to chew a lot to grind it up. Maybe I will blend some into a smoothie.
This what I get for tryna explore new people
The mere thought of putting on a shirt right now makes me cringe.
Where are all the men in my life?
No flame heat
Thim Slick girls get me everytime
Tengo ganas de descargarme twitteando pero a la vez no
*R5 song comes on*\n\nNormal people: *sings lyrics*\n\nMe: *sings vocals, backup vocals, guitar solo, drums, and keyboard*
these cigarette commercials are getting more and more disturbing
World War Z on Netflix.....let's do it
My snapchat story is 60 seconds of how my morning went.. Ed Sheeran was truly amazing. I'm still buzzin!!
what i criiiinack
This whole day I have been an emotional mess from tearing up when I said my goodbyes and left Florence to watching sappy movies on the plane
.USA USA USA now its your time to get success
I'm forcing myself to study only because I know for a fact I'll have to do that in college
Gad eta CR7 mesye..!!!
I'm going to be watching Germany vs. Portugal in school idc
i wanna go to Mexico already, they have the best pizza!!!!
It was a try to day
Travie It'$ Friday - Care 4 U &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
My dog eats while laying on his back. He's living the life.
Some kids are so ignorant these days
why dint I ever get my DM's ? what the fuck man !
Took the crystal ball out. USA will win 2-1. Portugal is tired
THIS AINT YO DREAM!! with
Fuck the bikers who don't use the fucking bike lanes.
Respect yourself or no one else will
If I'm not the one thing you can't stand to lose. If I'm not that arrow to the heart of you, then I guess we're done.
Lmfao I'm still cracking up about what christy texted me
Eating pizza, smoking blunts by the pier with babe
I really do wish I could be contempt with having a normal life with a normal job... but that's just not me and I don't think it ever will be
Still hoping for 3peat.
My Fourth of July looking rained out
I love listening to music that makes you feel numb to all emotions.
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN, I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN
1600 for dinner w and to feed ? If gets greedy like some I kno I'll feed a micro tier
jacob has a heart of gold tbh
even when i have every right to laugh in ur face,judge u right back,pull a you on you,i wouldnt dare make u feel bad about urself 4 a second
Nah I don't love him tonight smh
its all good, just make me feel good, freaky me freaky you
Gonna be so embarrassed when people actually wake up and look at my my story
The fact that and I find joy in talking about pens&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
sister in law: being in a band must be cool well I would know (she sings at church)\nme: do you get ambushed by fans?
Give her the world, cause she needs that kinda love.
Is yaris Sanchez having a photoshoot with just her computer cause her computer dope then lol
I WANT CINNABONS I'M BOUT TO TROOP OUT AND GET THAT SHIT
Getting a pedicure still in my pjs
I sleep with like a billion pillows... Okay well maybe just 7
No me gusta que me cuelguen , pero yo cuelgo a todo el mundo .
What an AMAZING goal!
Do kids still have to say the pledge of allegiance every morning at school?
Did I ever mention how much I hate DRs offices
calum, age 13, mexico
\": I just turned on the awards...Usher is still bae doe\" *forever BAE
I honestly don't care if I ever spoke to her again to be completely honest.
It's like a big cotton candy problem
Nino is right by my side when he knows I'm sad tho , that's a true dog tho
\": I luv pretty boys \"
Medicine y u make my face so dry?
I've come to the conclusion that is more liked then I am
USA pretty determined to change Ghana's winning streak against it.
I was gonna go to sleep but men in black 2 just started so
Why weren't you there today?! D:
If these neighbor kids don't stop screaming I'm going to lose my shit
Gonna bust missions today give me plans
The Yanks are raking for real.
Some people never feel joy without pain. We call them lactose intolerant.
I want to go to the dodgers game Saturday..
Peres:As President of Israel I call upon every citizen,all citizens:now is a time for 2 things;to respect the law &amp;to avoid incitement
if a girl wants to fuck a lot of guys leeeeeet her, if she's safe, why the fuck does it matter to you? get your own fucking life.
\": How do u want it how does it feel\" comin up as a nigga in the cash game
No time for friends these days
Joda por finnnnnn
Don't fall in love with the most beautiful woman in the world, but with the one who makes your world most beautiful
\"All the great black actors have played retards, Michael Clarke Duncan, Cuba Gooding Jr\" \n\nNope. Im going to bed
So deep in the friend zone I could be the mvp
there's always a specific circle of people making shit happen in their desired career paths. if you ain't in that circle..\n\nU AINT SHIT.
Spurs offense is beautiful
Almost there to my dream I am going to have a boating license I go to college and have a good job
I'm in sucha great loving mood right now! Yay for kickass kickboxing class!
Pero los exiliados debemos entender que la lucha por la libertad de no es desde afuera sino de adentro, desde aca nuestro apoyo total
ugh Dylan said \"I love malia for stiles\"
Looks like im going up to a city view tonight
Dear all the best going back to Dallas ...Your own style of rebounding will be forever be a trademark here in NY ...Much love
starburst minis unwrapped did not meet my high expectations
Hey -- when are you coming to NYC?
said fuck y'all niggas lmfao!
This kid is sick and I just helped him thru throwing up ..... Probably the nastyist\/niceist thing iv done in a min
I'm not talking Rebelution and Iration either, I'm talking hardcore reggae.
Can't go wrong with a little family guy
Wow TDE did the damn thing again.. I mean homies interludes shit on most artists singles.
If u still chattin that money can't buy happiness then I dnt get it cuz u can't be broke and happy it just doesn't make sense lol
Is the rematch between Mexico and Holanda real? Or did someone make it up?
Early in the mornins when I think about you..
The assistant principal just quoted Oprah...?
The imagination land trilogy is on tv
Dat yellow card tho
REILY WINSTON JUST HIT ME IN APPLEBEES IN THE FACE &amp; PULLED MY HAIR AND HE GOT ESCORTED OUT PUSSY
Why does everyone else have a life when I have no planns.... Someone please talk to me!!
I love throwing it back with these songs
Thanks to &amp; for letting me be a part of and sharing my story [1\/2]
We gotta kick it
How do you get 44th St out of 34th street Jesus Christ
It's a blessing and a curse
Watching a documentaries on mail order brides and feeling reallllllllly weird about it.
Lol manu threw it on bosh
Not thrilled about work at 8am, but gotta get that paper
All of me loves all of me
Rocky could have won that fight js
Today plays colombia vs brazil and we know colombia is going to win
Due to technical difficulties, is being delayed. Will be up ASAP within the next hour!
Dempsey, my man!
Killed one of those fuckers though
I want you to come cuddle with me tonight..
Having to act sober when your tipsy
And its not that I don't believe you, it is that I have this werid feeling that *you* don't believe you.
The Netherlands attack just isn't there today. Looks like Mexico can hold this one out
Teen Wolf, I know I need to quit you but.... *parks self in front tv and impatiently waits for 10pm*
I just wish some of these ppl were still the same
you ever just... scroll down a dumb bitch's page... and say to yourself 'wow this bitch is dumb.' ?
Summer is too real with us
The highest on beat the streak right now is 33. Mine just reset to 0... Yeah. Life.
Hadi havacilik olmasa en degerlim yine ucaklar olurdu...
Eddie is so fucking lucky and I hate him
Since when did I follow on twitter? LOL
pray for a swift death for me at the very least
LA fit is filled with hella Weenie Ranchers tonight
My moms friend just made me take a shit of tequila in front of my mom
Boutta buy Kan Jam tomorrow
Don't rush, go slow. \nNo I can't lie, I'm impressed. \nAnd no impatient encore when the curtains close\nIt's a Cabaret.
Roll me a swisher, pour me some liquor
Fuck is good with my wifi
People hate on lebron for cramping up and being carried off a bball court and this soft ass soccer player needs a stretcher after 20 mins
I might just be in your hood .
Tigers Jaw and Pity Sex tonight with my Frannyfran. Stoooooked.
I've got a good feeling about this game
My weekend gonna be wack.. but at least I'll have money in my pockets!!
After Game 7 of World Series in Met clubhouse Cashen said to me, \"Life is about reaching for moments like this.\" I will never forget that
Jason Kidd just stabbed in the back &amp; is now out to Milwaukee... even w\/o additional responsibilities.
Ed Sheeran- Don't
Fetti that nigga
I really want to be successful but i don't want to end up alone. I don't want to be that serious. I need to learn balance.
Every time I trade dollars for plane tickets it always end up being a really good decision.
I can't be inside right now
WE ARE NOT BAD PEOPLE
Literally no one will watch tfios with me hahahHa
I love my country, but there is so much to be disappointed about its character.
You'll remember who I am real fucking quick.
It's fine by me, if you never leaveeee
I woke up and I think my friends are high
You gotta R1+O that one Altidore.
Eating at Oolong Noodles at 1AM in San Fran. Not strange at. Lol
You can only lose what you cling to.
I wanna throw, or go to, a bonfire this summer.
rockin' that mosquito bite on the face look. v
I come to my Taco Bell to find out that they don't serve the Breakfast. Damn, now I can't enjoy the goodness of the A.M Crunch Wrap.
I mess things up with every person I'm close to and I hate myself for it.
TBH...we gotta give team USA the credit, they've being very resilient, and have shown that they mean business.
this is so sad the other team made a goal nd one minute past by ..
Cinderella Man is an amazing movie
164 words of 200. Konti nalang.
Going to bed with wet hair is literally the worst.
Well tonight and tomorrow turned to poop :-( but Wednesday will be great :-)
Goooool!! Jermaine Jones! Rocket
The bed in my hotel room is smaller than my bed back at High Point
When in doubt, Aretha Franklin. That is all.
I'm gonna start a riot in a hot second
Hard but fun weekend of lax
Didn't sleep last night so it gonna be a very long day today.
I was so caught up in the World Cup I forgot Teen Wolf comes back on tonight.
I set my alarm every single minute for 25 minutes starting at 7:35...i have a major problem
My toes deadass feel broken from world cup
I CANT STAND EMBELLISHMENT SUCK IT UP PRINCESSES.
Now Imma Take Her In Like A Hoe Shelter? When There's A Few Niggas That I Know Killed Her
I miss bbm faces
When you see someone get credit for putting someone on, but you know you put them on
Now when 3 Israeli teens are found dead US officials are \"devastated\". Why are Israelis worthy victims while Palestinians are not? (2\/2)
i thought i got a lot more than 77 on trig. dang
I need a personal AC unit in my room
I wonder if the cooler full of beer we left at Seabright is still in the sand where we left it.
When is Jack gonna figure he's dirty ?
epam pa tande moun isit yo fe bri
I need to go back to work. fuck this.
Crying at oitnb right now so
This is just waaaayyyyyy too much for me.
Messi is the greatest soccer player to ever step foot on a field
You cant even break up with me to my face like grow up
jacob \nokay today is birthday
Not doing any of that again lol
mirelly pode fazer aquela novela amigas e rivais
needs to not be in charge of my health care decisions or my vagina. That's a fact &amp; I'm still pissed and disappointed.
Their chirps were weak doe
Dime te me va a dobla \/O
Omg it's the Wendy's guy!!!! Omfg I'm dying
Face down booty up
If this is a hint of how my whole summers gonna be i'm never leaving the leave
Whoa wait what did i miss on twitter ?
When I don't know the answer to a question for a customer I just say yes
Well, well, well....so, how did shooting fish in a barrel work out for everyone this week ? ;-)
Pensar que en un mes mas ya voy a ser mayor me deprime bastante yo quiero ser un pendejo
US players are so Sexyyyyyy
I just love it when people don't answer my texts
Cant wait to move to florida, get my own place, fly and do my own thing
Yea ok after I asked u if u could
We Never Turn Our Backs On Each Other . .
thx NYC for such a beautiful run on west side highway running path. Now ready to taste some mature brunello with friends
Happy 4th I'll be at Delta!!!! :-)
Everyone needs a little bit of FUCK IT in their personality
If things make a detour, I might go home this December :)
this game is giving me agita
Yo no quiero saber de chismosos
Wishing I took auto shop b\/c I never feel anything short of dumb or disempowered when I leave the auto shop. But id prob still feel same...
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!! my heart just came out of my chest holy shit
Penis knuckles and also poop biscuits
Took my dad to Texas Roadhouse
I mean, we coulda just sat in da hood and robbed you niggas all day, but we tryna be productive YA KNOW..
My wife... I mean.. MY WIFE sip teaspoonful of a beer.
Damn Ghana's getting physical.
My six yr old neighbor randomly comes over to hang with my parents idgi
I need to fill out job applications tm
I do more 4 others than myself, that's gonna bite me in the ass 1day
Sorry but I don't need attention on me 24\/7 like you do
For to kill Tara off like that was just wrong. She was a fighter &amp; went through hell. She deserved better
my natural hair is so gross
I just want to cancel all the rest of my summer plans.
I've never seen so many hot cops in my life.
Summer night smelling like honeysuckle and burnt marshmallows
how american is it that I would prefer a BBQ place to be open right now than go out and buy my own already cooked
good is that which cannot be judged, for no trial would convict it
Honestly I feel like what was done in ya last , relationship \/ sex wise ..should be left in ya past ..
It would be sooo nice to get the win today and not have to worry about moving onto the next round
I can't even say bye to my dad when I leave for 2 weeks without getting emotional. What am i going to do when he leaves for 10 months.
I want Tyler Hoechlin to be Hoechl-in me
Happy birthday to one of the smartest, funniest, sweetest folks I know, ! &lt;3
Somebody hang out with me tonight lol.
Words can't describe how excited I am for Teen Wolf later
That reminds me, when we movin to Texas?
If I was 1\/2 of a celebrity couple I would def be the Vanessa 1\/2 of zac and vhudge
You're all I ever really had... These days must be spent wisely! Bc soon you'll be gone
Fuck the rain for ruining my fav sweats
Jhene Aiko looks beatiful !
Just got a terrible haircut. Ugh...
Why are their ppl in super hero suits? Did I miss the memo?
Sometimes i just want to be left alone
If not any other days, today, today I definitely earned my paycheck
el dolor solo es una etapa de la vida.
My hair is a lost cause\nShits horrid
Let's go men!
1 day a generation will say \"and you knew the CIA was setting us up to kill each other &amp; you did it anyway? &amp; you, you let it happen?\"
Bout to watch all the ape movies before I watch dawn of the apes. I never thought it was all that but it look good
what are we doing rn lmfao
I can't live like this anymore
OMG so fucking happy real talk!!!!
BRAVO costa rica \\o\/ a los 4to
Cup Noodles is actually pretty filling.
Worst pickup line ever: \"yo are you sunburned? Or are you always this hot\"
\": Im not an asshole just don't give a fuck a lot\"
Thank god I don't got to worry about miss baldes and what I tweet no more. Free man.
Aint no women like the one i got
Hated 90% of my graduating class. I'm glad I have a break for three months.
Cheering openly for Costa Rica in an overwhelmingly Greek crowd because goalie is just so damn good.
Sam just don't know when to stop
I hate u for taking thatpicture
beers and a movie.. so not used to being spoiled.
Eating before a workout is not the business.
the contro began when orangeSnuffy put his palm on Red Snuffys money as a joke..relax..it was a joke\n\nhere *throws red snuffys $ in the air*
The worst part of traveling alone in the airport is having to take all of your shit and cram it into the stall with you
AN ABSOLUTE FIRECRACKAA
I ran 2.848 for ! Thx2 for sponsoring me!
I feel hellla used
Zzzz \": 10. You have the spend the rest of your life with your last sexual partner. Happy or nah?\"
3 things I love: islanders, underground rappers, my friends.
Remember remember the fifth of November
Maybe I should delete Facebook and change my number so nobody gets a hold of me. DONE.!
to all geeks attending
like nigga you think I chose to live in east Mesa??? lmao
I always find things out so don't even try and hide stuff from me
You can tell he never won a race when he was a kid
I wouldn't mind playing tournies in Pennsylvania if it wasn't for the long ass drive
That passing tho
I Mean He Was Always A Dubb In My Eyes !
Now I gotta be productive
We all knew this day would come
\"Life is not always how many letters, it may be the order of letters And how deep in your soul the letters hit you\"\n-
It's not what you know or who you know, it's what you can implement and execute
God bless America! And no place else!
If you're a Miami Heat fan and you don't become classy to the Spurs, you have no self respect. True facts!
If my wife don't cook for me idgaf I'm cheating
Damn now I just wanna sleep
I can deal with weed but that coke shit not for me, keep that life
WHAT A RIPPER
all my friends are assholes and idiots but I love them all to death.
CLINT FUCKIN DEMPSEY!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!
Anybody in Fleetwood wanna get food, I'm nice so I'll pay
I use to think I was Mya lmao
I want to punch someone in the face
My dogs afraid of thunder so I plan to be anywhere but home today
Sarah Smiles \/\/ Panic! At the Disco
The DCM app's \"now\" tab doesn't let you scroll down :(
I thought Felix was my friend. Apparently not.
I wanna straighten my hair buuut ima wait til like the first day of school or something
I just want something real, something I've never had before
Why put on the game when I can just go on twitter
Omg saw at the parade!
Shit was live
Somebody get that fucking Ghana band in the stadium to stfu
My cowboy boots are better than yours.
Clint is the goat
extremely excited to hear Joe Buck in FOX's golf commentary booth next year
Okay lets all agree on never using the word \"bae\" again
Let come up to me in the city asking to buy his album . Shit I'll buy all the copies and take him home !
I'm starting to realize Jason Kidd is kind of a piece of shit
What time is Mr. loveric's review class tomorrow??
We well connected and well protected
hate being negative but everything's messing with me right now and i can't take it anymore
Se nota que cualquiera puede ser periodista en ECUADOR. Ejemplo miren a este Lamebotas diciendo q RUEDA hizo mejores caso jaja
kind of glad this weekend is over but sad that the music is over. get what I'm saying?
I swear my dad slick bitch about everything
damn, Even Lebron knows its over
L O L : Ok... RT : Happy 2014th birthday America!
You can fucking kiss my ass human centipede
I think I'm about to jump out of my car going 75 on the parkway
I have a huge choir of thought you knew God is understatement
I'm like overly obsessed with my boyfriend and that's okay
When u go to the barber shop n nobody in there &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Words cannot describe how much I love Nutella
Happy birthday Derek Jeter!
On The Run, too. Shit annoying \": I don't wanna see Bey and Jay Z perform Drunk in Love -__-\"
I never cried this much in my life yo.
How to be taken seriously in any sport 101: have dreads
Brandon and Matt still take L's
I should tweet , cause they are ridiculous.
there is a big difference between i love you and love you
This is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night
LOL the boys ain't having it. My baseball knowledge is on the lowwwwww
Tryna get my nigga money to come out with me
Drinking and drinking and drinking with my boss ... I love that ...
I'm cooking up some real gnarly material.
What a waste of a day
Wow get in Nani is a pudding
I'm so tired.. Words can't describe but atleast I work at a water park! Cold water make me wakey!
Sex would be great right now.
It's been a year away from my dance studio family. Aw that just hit me :(
On my way to play at Anthony D's in Milford with Six Train Soldier. We are opening for Chris McCarville and Jimi Bell with Maxx Explosion.
I havent had a breakfast sandwich in so long that it flipped my whole day and made me happy as shit
Girls will try to tell you that they're weird, or that they're a nerd. Anything to make it seem like they're unique. You're all the same tho
OMG KIMBERLY DID U SEE HER
My balls are sweaty as hell. Feel like there's mashed potatoes in my underwear
A man and his six foot crossbow accompany me on the B train home
I need some sleep in my life
marry me! Haha
There's a bunny just hanging out in kyle's back yard... Lmao
Ghana tryin to kill us yo
Fucking Tessa man, I love you
Lmao how bout you stop subbing me and text me ? K? K
Ya se a quien voy a cortar de uuuuuna.
Through the legs
almost fully satisfied with the amount of color I got.
Omg ! These speeches are long !
Health coming back. Good times. Good nights. Loss of muscle, but gains in evweytging else.
I literally have no voice :(
Bring on don...
Can't trust none of these hoes
Catch me at the mills then the carnival looking bummy as fuck lol
Don't eat with a nigga that's going to brag about feeding you.
if you wanna have an affair with someone you gotta atleadt do it right lmao
BRUH WHAT THE FUCK TYPE OF AIM WAS THAT. Ronaldo walllinnnnnn
Convos with myself when I wake up \"damn last night was crazy do I remember it all?\" \"Joy you were sober\" \"...oh yeah\"
really wish you were still here for me like you said you'd always be.
I should have also listed \"O, Do Not Forsake Me\" because I often think of the lyrics. \"Sure, you think that's old... but what do you know?
Are you fucking serious?
The worst thing about being up this late is that there's no one to talk to
Die on your feet or live on your knees
OH MY GOD YES!
The new season of Teen Mom 2 looks next-level. Fortunately, Jesus has blessed Jenelle with a 2nd pregnancy
is showcasing his magic and couldn't hit a skyscraper
Niggggggggaaaa my pops came through with the brownies thooooo!!!!
I don't \"hate\" everything, I'm just not interested in the various things some people are so fascinated by.
it's like depressing thinking I have to wait a year til bonnaroo
I wanna see what acts like when he's turnt.
There's gotta be a better way to show what I'm feeling
Lmao my mom was cursing me out I was laughing so loud
To live yur best life and be your best self
needs to be a rewind button in life
Today was quiz day for me. I passed.
Why even give a stipend if its going to be insultingly low?
I'm so annoyed but what else is new
Grove Street is picking and to win today. Nothing like on the 4th of July (except still playing )
Now that was a pretty sick goal .
I'm reminded of the quote \"it's all coming together Pepper. It's all coming together.\"
I may get some Taco Bell later??? Hmm
New York public transportation might just be the worst thing ever
People should not be scared of their governments. The government should be scared of its people
Weren't fights usually set on weekends in fields. Like I work in the morning full time what the fuck
te amo, te amo, te amo, te amo, te amo, te amo y te re re re re amo.
The &amp; Group Chat Funny as Shit ... Lol
Warning sign, no feeding the baboons,\nseeing as they got your back bleeding from the stab wounds
don't stop till you filthy rich &amp; on top
Cause it's all in my head
The Comment Under The Video Though
My little sister has cavities - who called it
When people think they are really relevant &lt;
Of COURSE the wifi is down in Asnuntuck when I want to watch the World Cup.
Gabino wants to fall asleep on my stomach
Babe left for Vegas earlier this morning and I'm confidently doing the walk of shame out of his house with stank ass breath rn lol.
I fucking hate fighting with you when you're the only one I want to talk to.
My cousin is 24 and getting married like idk to me that's ridiculously young
Can't wait to see this kid as an upperclassman ... His stuff has so much potential
It's a show. In the city. Remember with my last show in Oakland you thought \"too bad her gig isn't in the city\"
So hungry I cant spell either apparently
I hate Nate &amp; Blair together
What y'all know about the Isley brothers??
so proud that I didn't get anything on my white dress
Honestly I'm on the verge of tears with frustration.
Let me clarify that tweet for anyone that is confused or misled,AHHHEEEEEMMM!!! IM JEALOUS OF BRIANA PEREZ
Its too early to be this hot
\"The only excuse that she may have possibly accepted was that I am in reality Batman and I just saw the Bat signal.\"
Being responsible is SO much work.
I've been misinformed my entire life. I thought nice eyebrows and good food were the way to a mans heart. :(
Tue Jun 24 2014 04:09:35 GMT+0000 (UTC) - Modis Flood Map Server processed 2-day composite Tile: 120W040N Date: 2014-174
Patron, Hennessy, and red bulk who in the world puts that all in one cup? wtf lol.
Eating at the most expensive steakhouse in the casino while dressed for a rave is the most uncomfortable thing ever
I miss good R&amp;b.... Who remembers that show midnight love on BET?
im so lucky, i have the best boyfriend
When the abandoned Avon store a block away from my apartment turns into a creperie....happiness.
Esto de la mudanza me tiene a punto del colapso!! No aguanto el dolor en mis piernas..
At 9:00 check your phone for time, place, and date!
But see we have a freedom of choice. No one should be judged.
Been in bed all day watching netflix.. Basically all I do now a days
I want lunch
havin heart failure due to this movie please god I don't wanna die tonight
ds ma TL y a des filles biens celibataite dans mon facebook y a que des putes en couples ... quel contraste
I'm gonna be out in rancho next weekend so anyone that wants to hangout better make plans.
\"Why can't run like a girl also mean win the race?\" Life changing quote.
K no, can't sleep. Had too much coffee
Ty Dolla sign tryna be cutee lol
Just heard a rhino fart, my Life had been made!
I swear these bitches all talk
date night will always be my favorite movie
Wish I was still 10 so I could play Barbie dream ranch on the computer and eat hella cookies
Welll, Blasterjaxx is playing at Electric Adventure sooo thats it, im goinng. And no one can tell me otherwise
Jerm has never hurt this bad
8 minutes in and legitimately no clue what is happening on Teen Wolf :)
If someone's gives me a chance, they won't forget it
Love is patient. Love is weird. And sometimes gross.
my life doesn't revolve around boys mom. like maybe I'm so annoyed because I'm always home &amp; if I wanna go anywhere it's 20 questions.
\": I just realized I will always be there for you, no matter what.\"
today had to be one of the worst days of my life but of course im still smiling
What's for bfast?
Reverend Run was the only man taking baths in the 2000s
Dempsey gets karate kid kicked in the face. no call.
Lmaoo my I strain is to funny
Some one come visit me at work now
The girl from ampm &lt;3 haha I gotta come back to Adelanto.
When you let someone go because your all into someone else just to find out they ain't give two fucks about you &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Am I watching a soccer match or a hockey game?
So many complements today on my curly messy hair idgi
Just realized how perfect my collar bones are in my avi, and that made me really happy bc I hate myself today. yay for good stuff.
I really spend my whole weekend watching Avatar, too bad I don't care
friendly reminder that the girls' album will come out on september
Really don't feel like doing these practice regents but if I don't I feel like i'll fail the regents with an even worse grade
My real hair is ridiculous like the shit just get nappy for no reason
Paola was cute til I heard her voice..
Panik, you need a Twitter account!
top of the pyramid. home what'd I tell you
What a shot..
Everyone is so Vineyard Vines over here, damn
Maybe if stuff were done my way there would be no complications smh
cleaned my room &amp; finished my homework..all that is left is laundry
Be real and be humble, everything else does NOT matter.
No lie Chris brown performing at ya show will automatically make it a better show, cause he always go hard.
Mom just walked into my room and saw my pack of cigarettes and didn't say a word. Eh idk how to feel
A city is only really home when you stop being mystified by its public transport system and instead are just constantly angry at it.
Just sprinted around my girlfriends house yelling GOAL !!!
didn't get any of my AP work... oops
OBSESSED WITH THAT SIMPSONS TAPPED PUT GAME
Age Aint Nun But A Number xx Pretty Ricky
LUHHHLLZZZZZ just read \"vag mounds\" on a Twitter comment wahaaahhaaaa
Last minute of my birthday it's lit
What to do todayy
\": do it pussy\" omg yes this is why ily hahahah
USA players mad bc no one cares about them until they play the rest of the world then everyone wants to be their coach.
My uber driver is a fucking idiot. Guhhhhh
I've been up for an hour and I'm already having a terrible day
I just nudged my dude to give me more space and he sleep talks \"good Ollie, ya that was huge\"..... Sk84lyfe
I feel like I can't be stop after saying that to you
Man of the match: tim howard
Actually a lot of people piss me off... My fam prob pisses me off the most like I can't deal in this house sometimes I really can't
Good think my mom took the giant thing of Advil to work when I have a pulsating headache
I'm ready to relax rn my back hurts
If you know doing a certain thing pisses me off why the fuck would you continue,
Time hoppp needs to stop posting things i dont want to see
Diving into my couch and laying there dead after a long day is the greatest
Dude seriously ? I been on hold for 10 minutes ? I hate Verizon
Just killed a fat spider that only had 5 legs. Bye not sleeping tonight
This life is SO good to me! Thank You Universe!!!!!
Si existe una persona complicada en esta vida, esa persona soy yo.
Friday! Time for rooftop drinks at the
Would I ? Yes
I bet you're bending God's ear talkin' bout me
This country is far from perfect but I honestly wouldn't want to live anywhere else.\nProud to be an American.
will someone teach me how to ride this pennyboard please
Wish I could watch the U.S. play Germany tomorrow morning, but ya gotta do what ya gotta do
This is just my interpretation....of the situation.....
I got on two chains, but, no, I ain't Tity Boi\nI'm dream chasin', but I ain't from Philly boy\nBitch bad, and she said that I can get it boy
Crazy shit is had more hits and awards than all of them a long time ago and they still haven't caught up yet!
Look you just got lucky!
IM IN SO MUCH PAIN WHY DOES THIS ALWAYS HAPPEN
wooooah Korra straight up hatin on 22 year olds that live in their parents basement
I've heard ppl say \"I dont want another Obama as president, So im voting for Hilary\" and im like \"SHE WILL BE ANOTHER OBAMA! \"
. you going to vs Germany???
My life is in ruin. At least the world cup is on.
\"Portugal can kiss my ass\" - George Washington
I like when people are honest
i dont even fuck with Dude Girl
coming home one day early! :)
Called in a order to save time. Dude forgot to make the pizza.
Is it unpatriotic of me to hope today goes by fast so I can get my AP scores back
If France wins today their taking the World Cup
No, its not a good look gain some self control.
by down here I mean that the museum itself is mostly underground. Puzzled as to whether this is best way to memorialize. Feels like a tomb
It's like 100 degrees out. I don't get why people run outside
The last thing I need in my life right now is drama.
Eating a California Roll in California
I just spent 3.77 on gas and my sister is driving my car. Good things.
Lol I just got really jealous for no reason, that's not like me
Nothing good has ever been associated with a Hobby Lobby.
This is so much fun, i missed this so much
Sometimes I want to make a snapchat story detailing how much I hate snapchat stories
Aint no real ballets in the cuse no more smh
I actually gotta wake up at 6:30 tomorrow
Frreking G W bridge 53 m delay at midnight... Out of control..
\": Bruce really just said he had all girls so he didn't have to cook\" he meant, \"I fucked Kris Kardashian because she hires cooks\"
do you not know how much it gets to me?
I think I just spent about two hours deleting like 300 pictures off of Instagram. Why is it such a pain in the ass?
Through the legs!!!
Lmaooooo \": Kanye used to sound so soulful on his albums now his shit just sounds like I, Robot\"
but so do a lot of people..
The last thing I remember is funneling beer. Then nothing.
\"LETS GO! WERE GOOD AT SOCCER! YEAH!\" Says Pat Fermo
I think I'm the only one who woke up to check sat scores
Wow can people leave me alone? I'm NOT watching RAW so get over the fact that I'm done with WWE
I promise to forever out crazy every person on this planet
Dempsey baby big players show up in the biggest games!!!
That was a beautiful goal
500 million I got a pound cake
They wrote a note on my essay saying to use the spell the plural of samurai as samurais and I'm barfing rn
boastful but in a country of the boastful right 5 party\/is ok
Summer Hoes Turning Into Winter Wifey's
Ladies and gents: I suggest u invest in buying a clarisonic. You'll srsly never break out again or at least less often.
Your t-shirts on my floor again.
She checking to see if these 10$ bills are real though... Lmao
\": my all time favorite BucherDud or is it a BucherFlop?\"\n\nTo simplify it, it's a \"Bucher\"!
Turning your phone off at night is the best thing anyone could do
Some of it's just transcendental, some of it's just really dumb...
My life goal is to snort cocoanw off a girls ass
Gotta give credit to F pure and Team Player! Some players need to take note greed is ugly
I just have this special hatred for
escutar the 1975 e lembrar da lauren quem nunca
Yo quiero probarte pa aclarar la duda!
A thu vetes musliman A fal namaz najher a agjeron :$ before its late :* mos prit ma
Bae wanna favorite my tweets now.
Thats whats wrong with these kids, they have negative influences in their lives.
I've been home ALLL fucking day
My new nickname is Tay Tay
Oh cool I need to be up in four hours COOL
If your doing all the wrong things , the right person isn't going to come to you . Your blowing your chance .
I hate the fact that usher wears Margielas
Shoutout to Kris for making that song even better!
Thank you for your strong support of the Bill!
Oh, what I would give to sleep in your arms tonight
Ready for the game !
Tim Howard: the man the myth the legend
If you spend all your money, you'll be so baroque.
trying to find someone to cuddle with rn is the real struggle.
Must suck being the only wolf in a wolf pack
Still ride with my day 1 niggas
After ever storm there's a clear sky
I don't wanna graduate
I hate peeling I look like I have a skin disorder on my face
Give me tall, dark and handsome, mix it up with somethan' strong. I feel a sin comin' on.
It's upsetting when guys have nicer hair than me
Di Maria is such a Baller.
They want me to spaz they really do , snm
what's going on in that beautiful mind ? i'm on your magical mystery ride and i'm so dizzy , don't know what hit me , but i'll be alright
People takes so much negative shit in their head that they feel like nothing's going right.
Mother of god
Are you mad that you're a security guard for Darien Lake, that you have to try and get me checked? \"Are you serious ha?\"
Who I am with you is who I really wanna be
Just walked past 3 bars in NYC I think you can imagine the atmosphere
WHY MUST YOU LIVE SO FAR AWAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
So can somebody besides lebron score
running into something with ur hipbone &lt;&lt;&lt; my shit is bruised
Moving along 2 the next destination......
Omar,Phillip,Brando,Stylez,Sadam,Banxz...Gyal them si mi tattoo from a mile!
If i find a girl attractive, there is a 100 percent chance she doesnt even notice me
I neeeeed to just go to sleep
Advanced Data Modeling training. Learning some great patterns with &amp; , pre-event
Brah you're a week too early on these fireworks
People think my moms and milf and my dad's hot..........
My mom doesn't like you (or family). A mother's instinct has a 99.999% accuracy rate. Trust me, she does not play games.
Literally just had the worse poker experience ever. A dealer just mumbled shit to me under his breath After criticizing how much time I took
Taping BET awards- get to watch it tomorrow night after work!
A hot girl called me gay but I wanna bang her so I guess she's a guy cause she said I'm gay and I told her I like her
Haaaaaaa fuck you Ronaldo
Gotta work during da US vs Germany game... FUUUUUUUK
In a Chinese Walmart you may find fox meat labeled as donkey meat.
I'm feening for some hookah rn
well shit you've got me thinkin about you
I'm hid in in Olivia's room pretending to sleep because idk where she went.
WE ARE DRIVING TO MY GRANDPARENTS. WE ARENT MISSING THIS.
Who ever is trying to reset my password on Chime, you can stop now. We are looking into it.
3 MINS LEFT WTF
Call me Prince Slum for the day!!
Feeling like a million bucks
Always feel like a part of me is missing when we're not talking.
Everyone should be awake so I could have ppl to talk to
Pressure only exists for those who can't handle it.
this World Cup is probably setting records for injuries too
Apparently there were 2 grunge chicks who came into work looking for me. I wonder who they were...
Call me what you want but you can't call me broke
All we need is a corner kick and John Brooks
HAHAHAH i just started to laugh sm and my uncle called me crazy
I did w and I didn't even get ONE hate tweet or message about God.
And idk how but I'm going to the fair with Angelique cause I haven't seen her in like a year and Im gonna cry if I don't
So grateful for the opportunities that have come across me lately.
Getting really sick of waking up at 630 every morning for work and not getting paid shit
If you guys haven't watched the campaign please do if you have hbo it's on it
It's hard for me to admire something with just my eyes.
Mike and I snuggled up watching drunk history on demand.
There is a fucking house blasting music and the Music sucks
I'm sure I wasn't the only one feeling like that even though I knew it was gonna be cray like with the 4-day tickets.
Real talk Chris Rock needs to sit down
Time to go get this money.. so I can buy nice things and wear nice clothes
Honestly I didn't even like the movie tfios, it was disappointing compared to the book.
Yo bgc is fucking stupid this season lmfao
\": Kofi Kingston vs Swagger \"\nKofi can't fight no more
Wow I can see the ocean from my house
GOOOAAAL!! Within 35 seconds whaaat
What the fuck is Green Dot? The guy told me to go to Green Dot to send the money.
Now that that's over, time to get some Heineken and watch the Spurs celebrate a 5th championship.
I will never be able to take a wistful photo of my passport and boarding pass bc I use mobile boarding passes.
But I'm literally so tan y'all don't even know.
Ive been such a bitch lately but its only to the people who are assholes to me soooo
I love being outside, it just clears my mind for a little bit
Look at the Kings. One of the reasons they won was that they are deep down the middle. Now, I'm not...
Why am I always sick on holidays?!
\"Is that how you're going to talk to your Abu Dhabi kids? Because I don't think they'll like you very much.\" -
These College World Series games are taking forever. I'd like to know how much time is being spent on throws to 1st.
At 21 years old, I'm still fucking terrified of thunderstorms.
Done for the World Cup. Sorry Jozy.
\"Is there more coke or jack in this?\"\n\"Uh.. correct\"
Well, this has been a roller coaster ride.
Hassling teenage goths about Marilyn Manson. Don't you kids have your own music?! They are looking at me like I'm a square.
Next sub in Chris WonderWhyNoOneGivesAShitAboutMe
He keeps telling me secrets that I already know
I tweeted it so you know its real
you gay but I can't dm you
just decided to leave to go to the beach at 9 pm. this should be fun. and cold.
My MS math teacher just bought me drinks at the bar!
Hideki is taking snapshots of other guys taking BP with his smartphone. Paulie has made his way out to RF to huge cheers.
I don't think I'll ever get tired of watching Blood in Blood out.
Sorry twitter I'm like ranting right now.
Guy at Dolores park points at bay bridge in the distance: \"whenever I cross that bridge, I'm rich.\"
don't text me first saying \"wyd\" what kind of mess is that?
That sophomore\/junior twitter fight was lame, I wanna see some haymakers, hurt each other's feelings
I hate Jim Carrey
Next time I'm asked what i most dislike about myself I'm gonna say fingernails.
Can't wait for the cheesecake :D
El Hastag contra Mexico es solo TT en Venezuela, de pana que ni para montar un HT sirven los bobos estos de twitter y su bullying
You could be there for a person,kill your back for them too and that still won't be enough
Google stunt w\/r\/t I\/O dumb, fails to understand environment is the problem. Not attractive to women, gays, blacks, etc. Brogrammers suck.
Watermill ain't ready for alla this.
when im in a bad mood or upset i do this thing where i light a bunch of candles and sit in the dark &amp; blast music
\": no you dont\" trust Ben it's not easy being black my friend. I of all people would know of course.
Be who you are and say what you feel. Because those who mind, don't matter and those who matter, don't mind. \n-Dr. Seuss
That failed Bosh\/Wade alley-oop pretty much sums up the Heat without LeBron this series
You got $5,000 worth of shoes in moms house but coulda made a down payment on yo own house...
Happy 4th of July to all
I'm bout to go look for a good food joint.
Damn bo, keep on dissing ne
Just face timed 2 DAYSSS away from seeing his beautiful face. See you soon BFF
16 you're so gifted and sweet so glad we met
Blasting this hood music in the house through the surround sound getting turnt feeling oh so arrogant. I need &amp;
When I see loose change in the laundry room I instantly snatch that shit...it's hard out here man
wen a boy calls u a dirty fuck :-'((((
holy fucking shit
bruh if she 15 im 15 idgaf
The biggest mistake most people make is thinking lebron is Kobe
Wolf on Wall Street rn has me weak as fuck
Love is subjective. Its definition is different to everyone.
Long John Silvers must be going out of business selling free fish and fries.
You guys should come watch the Colombia World Cup match with me in Queens. It's gonna be insane.
I eat cupanoodles with a spoon. Ita more fun
Jhene gonna Solange John Legend for stealing her high note, b
dempsey just started this game off right
GINOBLI FLOW LEFT HANDEDDDD
This waitress just called Jo a pussy for not finishing his pancake. 'Merica.
You'll recite the words a hundred times in your head but when the moment comes you're speechless
That wasn't getting saved... What a strike Jones!!!
Like hello I didn't die. t-_-t
No matter the truth people still see what they want to see
Wow the purge was gay.. Still gonna see the 2nd one doe
Even the hardest hearts break when they're dropped to the floor like porcelain
Very good chance to score
I can't wait to see what Chris Brown brings to the .
Love my country
I love watching Finding Nemo because of Ellen Degeneres.
I meant starting the engine. Totally not going to blow it up. Probably.
ew im being such a girl tonight slap me
Friends are supposed to be nice &amp; make you feel good
you're all a bunch of inbred fucks
All I ever wanted was what everyone else had
I know you still looks at my tweets lol
To the girl at the gym with a crop top, hair curled, and makeup done....no
and I finally got new pads and a throat guard for my umpires' mask.
Mi primo hasta mi risa tiene :') jaja
Today is gonna be a good day.
I'm really tryna see everybody at the bonfire Friday. Every person in the 530
I saw 2 little girls take a Cinderella horse and carriage to there 8th grade prom today... What
Im sitting her thinking about and thinking is all our hard work going to pay off...I sure hope so..but not giving up hope!
Ew this bus.smells.like.pee omg ew
Thugs have feelings too ya know
Sorry i missed the soccer match, my dog was having emotional issues.
Chicks be killin me on arm day
u pre plan 2 hang with me but then that day comes and you're trying to bail out on hanging out.. tell me how that makes any sense.? ?
I haven't had a Jimmy Z's garbage plate in ages... Who wants to go soon and get one?!
Im really butt hurt that I got my hopes up that my uncle I haven't seen in 5 years said he was coming up to NY to see me graduate. He lied.
Who dat who dat MO G G Y ()
Not a lover or a fighter I'm a trap nigga
Mitroglou was definitley just flipping his koumbaloi on the field...
Got to find other ways to make it along. But keep a straight face....
\": \"HE MESSAGED ALL THREE OF US\" \"..you would be the one to answer him\" \" dead
Great day of action and a nice A's win. Time for Spurs to polish off the Heat.
PERDONAR EL PASADO NO ES OLVIDAR, ES DARLE LA OPORTUNIDAD AL FUTURO. .....
Ran from to to see and 25 year anniversary show
\": can I go naked under my gown?\" yes, yes you can
\": make them nigga\"lol nah I want them perfect so ill just keep looking till I find where they sell em.
Lugano muy grosero y agresivo con periodista q pregunto sobre suarez.. \" El pecado acobarda\" no?
Heading to the instagraph office to send an instagram
Yo BustaRhymes got big as hell
how u attracted to somebody thats broke tho .. thats that called? crazy?
Today was soooo productive! It made my day but then my car battery had to go and die... Just my luck...
Nag pasa lang nag loko na :3
Good Morning America. I see war on women is alive and kicking today
I ask people simple fucking questions that take hours to answer
Ghana jerseys are flee tho
Bagel Street Cafe 346 W Maude Ave Sunnyvale United States 94085-4355
Are you ready for some SOCCER?!?
I haven't heard it mentioned or not, but did Karasev play for Blatt in 2012 Olympics?
TELL ME WHY I KNEW THIS NEW SEASON WAS GONNA OPEN IN MEXICO
My Pinterest describes everything about me perfectly
do you ever think about something and stop and realize that you're smiling...
Happy 21st birthday to my Brother we about to get dumb drunk and dumb high Love you bro
5 oclock and im cross faded on fathers day with pops.... Lewis man bonding
The music for the soul, you lives inspiration
Ima go to a party where I dont know no one... im comin up on summ lmao
I could write a 10 page essay on how much I hate you :)))
anyone think Ronaldo was going to pass that? me neither
How can people not realize it's ok
I ain't lookin at you no more, I'm looking past you.
I have some really shitty songs on my iPod
Goddamn Google bus, blocking me from illegally parking in the muni zone myself.
If you keep yelling at me , I'm just going to lay here... Yelling will not get me to move faster
I have literally no idea how I should want to format C code in a yacc file. Every choice looks awful. Blech.
When u are left out from your sisters birthday plans when the family has a get together
I trolled by death cup not a real troll -__-
I believe that we will win, I believe that we will win, I believe that we will win! Go go
Come on let's do this.. The semi finals await!
Alright finished the audition pieces.. Time to sleep? Maybe...
I owe all my friends an apology
Chasing girls just isn't my thing, so if I text you first you already know it's real
I am the most jealous of than I have ever been in my entire life.
I'm not crazy about you boy the love is gonee
Falcao is off to Real Madrid god why is this fair
I'm so tired of New York girls.
just shattered a glass by squeezing it too hard in my hand
SunGolds are back! Order the \"Summer Fave\" if you know what's good for you.
I'm uncomfortable rn, I need help.
ITS A FUCKING WRAP
If Marvin Berry was humpin thru high school dance gigs wouldn't he be looking for a \"new sound,\" too, and not just toss away to his cuz?
stop trying to sell me your weed you're gonna lace it with like dog shit bye
RFT : Hi, I'm Deion Rodriguez, 17 and I still get grounded and not allowed to leave the house.
If the SAT scores aren't available right at midnight I'm going to kill someone
Don't fuck with people that have been there for you when no one has
emi pregunta que paso? pero porque? VAYANSE A LA CONCHA DE SU MADRE CUENTENME JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJ
Put in Wondolowski
Normalaxxxxx cette go est au wch avec sa chaise Okok . Qu'est ce qu'elle est vilaaaaaaaaaaaaine owwwwa
When Hisoka vs Gotoh happens I'll watch the anime again
I NEED TO BETTER MY DIET and get serious about my workouts if I wana see progress
Our Lady of Perpetual Help we are online! Let us give thanks for that Bless!
Idk about you but I know that 5\/5 have great sperm okay bye
estoyyyyyyyyyyy por terminar el parcial de Historiaaaaaaaaaaa :'(
How can I be related to closed minded impersonal people who are afraid to love?
Bout to download this Soulo album!
I'm really getting sick of the shocked looked on people's faces when I hold the door for them. Like hello, I'm a polite fucking person.
Cherry picker unit
Any female don't give head deserves to be single until they explain why and it better be a reasonable reason.
All beef hot dog please. I don't want that mystery meat shit
New guy at country farms charged me half of what I owed instead
WHAT A SHOT!
I wanna eat my turkey sausages but I wanna save them
Mad cuz you know it's true. Lol
Show me is you really bout your money girl or nahhh
Ok I'm ready to stop growing up and be a kid again.
Dry hatin for what? like what's that gonna do for u? Why don't u go out n get ya sum money
They told me to be a consumer and I consumed it
Change the way he acts.. He could say you need to change the way you eat boo. DONT DO IT!
it's so shitty out can we reschedule the forth of july to like the seventh
Is it sad I'm making rob go to the gym early with me because I want to watch teen wolf tonight
somebody go shopping with me so I can own clothes that aren't leggings sweaters or long sleeve shirts lol
Tryin to see Aer live this summer
Studying Nick Briz.
The season premiere was bullshit. Wtf why Tara and where the fuck is Eric??????!!
If I could be any part of a week, I'd be Monday Evening. Demonstrated ability to get past difficulty and all uphill from here.
The music business will destroy your social life.........smh but
GOOAAAAAAALLLL DE DEMPSY
I believe in situation ethics! Max Read editor in chief
Sex in the kitchen over by the stove .?
congrats to sonny milano, like the cookie
I think a monk just hit on me..?
Most unproductive gym session I've ever had in my entire life and that's not ok
She be having her lil butt out in tights and shit lol
Soon as I heard gospel I changed the channel... I'm evil
Fenway will not sleep with anyone but me...but then she kicks me off the couch soooo...
It feels like this day is never going to ends
So I smashed on Mitty so hard they thought I was an alumni brick-1
No I can't do no wrong.
Hoping his job interview goes well
\"I want to see if I can get 100 favorites on my tweet. so I'm going to tweet that you will shave your head okay?\" Rachel wants to be popular
Tired of this fucking Catfish tweets on my TL.. smh.
I know what it feels like I b a guy holding his girlfriends hand and driving. I also know how it feels to be lesbian.im with
after that happened all of a sudden people cared
This is why my girl don't need a Twitter.
Your youngest child is like 12 what's goin on deb
I know people make promises all the time, then they turn right around and break them
GOALLLLLL!!! USA USA !! Beautiful curve Jones !!!
aw jason n i are taking our first road trip by ourselves in 4 days xD
i havent given up ... ive taken the most rational choices you gave us
I'm a loser babyyyyy so why don't you kill me
can the spurs get tht trophy tonight ?
You... Have... Got... To... Be... Kidding.. Me... Sandow what happened...
Jones struck that from California
Yea it's looking slow for you
Last full weekend out here. Crazy
Chance of rain go 0 to 100 real quick.
It's just fate that I was wearing my Okposo shirt today right?
Traveling is one of the best educations money can buy.
At the recovery and the whole place just went nutssss dude holy poop
Went to wegmans on my break specifically because I wanted to eat Mac salad &amp; do they have Mac salad? NOPE.
Getting school work done. My summer officially starts at 1pm on Thursday woooooooo
\"it's raining three's.\" ok mike
I got this 8oz a niggah bout to be slumped over for rest of the bight
So dope that the SMC MBA program is in Korea
Open to any and all suggestion for plans tonight ; its gotta be lit
2 favs and ill go downstairs and get some pizza
Party with the goons. Savage niggas with tattoos
I seriously wanna get guitar lessons from Jack Black and Kyle Gass one day
had a customer tell me I look too innocent to have a tattoo lmao
NY house is now a 3 cat house! Be still my heart.
Am I the only who thinks that The fault in our stars wasn't that sad?!
Get money. Break bread. Gotta feed ur people.
\"Set Pieces, Set Pieces, Set Pieces\"-- Lexi Lalas.
Just saw Transformers with almost the whole cast! Phenomenal experience
Makes sense ..\": Sorcery. RT : When British people sing their accent dissappears... HOW?!\"
Why would one procreate if one cannot even control one's children?
Baklava for breakfast: it's a good idea, right?
God Damn What a Day ...
Haven't played Xbox in a min and I'm still the god at cod
I guess I can go shopping after work for my fit tomorrow since the guys get ready like women. tomorrow!
My car would die while I'm delivering pizza.... :(
I hate when people text me and then don't answer me
After you've done all u can, u just STAND
Lil will BDAY coming angel said she doing something real nice and big for him
Same thing all over again smfh
My parents couldn't just pretend to get along just one day for me
A GHOST JUST OPENED MY DOOR A GHOST JUST OPENED MY DOOR A GHOST JUST OPENED MY DOOR A GHOST JUST OPENED MY DOOR A GHOST JUST OPENED MY DOOR
Thanks I already went to one of your office here in NJ. I changed the router and the box for one DVR HD. No more problems. bye
Anyone notice that the girl that one is not even watching the official video she's watching the lyric video? Still happy for her tho lol
NOOOOOOO LA PUTA MADREEEEEE
Going to the movies sounds so fun rn
i cant wait to kiss u
Got off of the wrong exit bc I was singing and dancing like an idiot ):
\"Did you really think that you could fox me\"
I get distracted hella easily
\": RICK ROSS GONE BE DA 1ST RAPPER TO DIE OF BREAST CANCER :D \"lml
Not a good day for me.
Breaking out in hives.. Das coo
lol did I really just throw out my back by sneezing. wtf I'm not 60 -_-
Thank god it's only a strain for Jozy
Make the most of your now cherish every moment ily forever. Xoxo
Oxymoron was one of the best Albums this year, he shoulda took that award
The things we realize about ourselves when we let others in. Everything happens for a reason...
Gucci said he got more guwop than half the people at the bet awards
I love Christian so much. He's my hero.
I wish they had Toyota crowns in the states ...
way to go
first five minutes is so fucking badass lol I like this phone this is a nice fucking phone lol
Call me your hyna and I'm yours
Buying my ticket for taste of country 2015 in the next couple weeks
Turbo is a black breakdancer from the hood &amp; Kelly is a rich white ballerina.Of course she thought of competition vs a successful pedagogy
A's won! Shaky 9th inning but they got over it. Also glad to see 's last game in Oakland. Always heard his name even in JPN.
\": i love sm\" thank u so much :*
Just had to call my mom who is sick at home with strep at 3am to help me get my car unstuck.. Awesome
My stream is a little slow so I see tweets about shit before it happens on my screen ugh
Guess yah don't really dig me huh?
Now it's our turn
I think this weekend I'm just gonna put my phone down and have fun. Wait I have no plans.
I love Sierra Nicole coats she ain't got a twitter but I love her shoutout to her
Dear 60 year old guy being an asshole on the road,\nYou're wife probably needs an industrial magnifying glass to see your schlong. --WP
I just want to turn up
My mom straight played me wtf
Ordered take out at an Italian restaurant and received a complimentary full loaf of bread
Can't wait to hang out with Robyn tm
People don't like to date anymore. The only commitment they have is to Netflix.
Yo se que te causo muchas lagrimas..
WHY ARE GRADES NOT POSTED YET
New week\nNew day\nNew to love and serve God\n\n\n\n
I rather starve than eat a breakfast sandwich from the airport
dreaming of the summer nights,\nlooking at the moon baby. \nI was lost before you came into my life.
Also, I finally found an unfamiliar crowd that I enjoyed. Hollllaaaa!
Everyone's such a cat
Im tired and i wanna sleep
I will never watch such a movie when I'm bored again.
What a great day - Jesus (and Yahoo) resurrected
Band geeks is the GOAT episode of Spongebob
Hella tempted to tattoo my legs. Hella.
Boys can be so dumb sometimes
1.5 hour at the \"Genius Bar\" to replace my (dead) brand new iPhone 5s. Clearly a company obsessively focused on delighting customers.
i been through some shit man but i be on my shit man.
Gonna get Adam turnt again dis weekend
Haha the shadow dosent even want to know what's up
seven's travels all day, every day.
&amp; these nigga wanna stop at the ducking store when I got 11%. WHAT THE FUCK.
\"What do you like about SHEPARDS\"
how did i miss the memo that a$ap ferg is making an appearance in williamsburg tonight??
My aunt: \"I don't like it when hockey players have the beards it doesn't look good\" ..... Are you kidding me right now? That's a joke right?
I feel like locking her out now
Salad and pineapple juice after work is a thing for me now
you can't deny the 45,000 horse power of \n\nit's digital, so what. \n\ni'd like to see you try an make a file
This is gonna be my 3rd time moving rooms in this house
Bo Dallas is now 9-0 as Titus oneil drops to 3-14
\": WHY ARE GIRLS SO COMPLICATED\" BECAUSE MEN ARE TOO SIMPLE TO UNDERSTAND
Lol I'm soooo gonna jot that down in my diary
Amazing day at the spa. Shoutout to my dad for coming through with the glen ivy pass as one of my grad gifts:)
Driving home listening to and remembering how good they were at Hard Summer last year!
Someone is playing futbol in my head Hope it's Tim
Let's go!! Bring on wondolowski!!!!
I cannot sleep bc my knees &amp; thighs hurt from the bruises
I just retweeted Hannah Montana but she speaks the truth
Watched the movie It is hilarious. Love Melissa McCarthy . Summer must see! July 2
Everybody makes mistakes and fucks up sometimes.....I'm only human and I hope the people around me can understand that. I'm not perfect.
My ADD is on full blast today
Have you ever missed someone so much it really physically hurts you?
Not convinced by that Argentinian defense but, they've got Messi.
Fuck men wanted to go bowling with her so badly. Won't be with her tell next week cuz of her work.
Keep refreshing my TL but still no tweets
I always imagine how great it'll be to have a family in the future but what if I end up alone
Not looking forward at all to bio 2 and AP physics next year
OMGG!!!!! Finally got the piece of glass out of my arm!!!!!!!!!!!
Big girls is too funny lmfaooo i can't with him
I feel weird about if it's not seriously boiling hot.
Anyone in need of a roomate? I know a super good guy with a minor shoe addiction. Let me know!
This is harder than I expected.
I don't understand why people rush a round of golf
Someone in Ontario needs to have a huge bonfire this summer
My dog cant even jog up the block
I just realized I've been wearing my shirt inside-out all day -.-
The torro torro remix of without you is baeeeeeeee
About to bring the dog with me to Shea's since no one else will come
Veep is truly my Sunday. Please see to it that it is never canceled.
I don't fux w crickets. Hell no
At this point, a draw is also perfect for Ghana. Let's go
I tell my bitch if she don't love me then lie to me
The moment I have been waiting for!!!!!!
Keyshia ain't slick ignoring my tweets I know she see them!!!!!!!!
Who's Out In Vegas This Weekend???? HMU!!!
Take a moment and admire what The Big Three have accomplished in Miami. Four straight trips to the . Insane.
OMFG TIMMY PERFECT GAME YOU GUYS!!!!!
drill little holes into my eyelids so I might see you when I sleep
I know all of the movie Armageddon by heart but yet i bawl my eyes out every time I watch it. The ending is just too much.
Last person you would think would score, but good shit Jones
HELLO. Watch a cool documentary on BET right now about hip hop. It's awesome. Thank me later.
Roberts caves on ACA: \"It's the law of the land!\" decision comes down: \"Roberts court hates women!\"
If your interested in knowing that scientist are legit saying a zombie apocalypse will happen watch the science channel right now
Freckles I can guarantee that he would pull your tail.
This Ronaldo fellow seems overhyped.
These niggahs change they go jealous on me
I feel like a lot of people are skipping this game. Alex Song for example.
Dang. I've been a supervisor for 4 months now. Time flies!
The gym is the only reason I'm sane
Ah. The annual joy of issues and corresponding annual tweet. When is coming to town? Not a tradition I enjoy kthx.
a person's maturity level is measured by how respectful &amp; intelligent one's responses are to any given situation
Technology made our dating lives confusing.
It's so weird to me that little random things can remind you of something or someone.
Three days or stress...lost seven pounds
13 hour day and come home to wet sheets and a leaking ceiling...which hasn't been fixed for about two months now
Waiting on the one I'll wait forever fuck gotta be perf
\"you have a pretty face\" thanks grimy boy with dog from st marks
\"Once you've seen Oz, who'd want to go back to Kansas?\"
Damn can't even talk to my BFF ??
She stopped answering guess that means I'm the antagonist now?
I feel like the Heat can make a comeback but they HAVE to start playing tighter D
First goal 33 seconds in are you kidding me!? LETS GO USA
As long as I called or texted my mom it could always change. But in high school I was busy enough as it was without going out all the time
Why is it ALWAYS fat black bitches that catfish people??
Someone visit me at work. I'm dying
When I get sleepy I rub on my boobs &amp; the whole shit lol
Just realized it's going to be a lonely freshman year...
My team is England but man I'm loving every minute of cheering for My adoptive nation, these guys are very inspired.
Hell yeah the goalie didnt even move!
Woooooooooow beautiful gola usausausa
Everything in my subie is covered in Dr pepper lmfao
just saw three other tweets complaining about working. oops.
because they cut off the meet and greet at digi so I couldn't meet you
Why the fuck am I up
Moment wasted\/ruined. Get Seth Rollins new music ASAP
i was falling asleep in millers today
I'll be fine once again , I'll be good 8*
Ochoa is coming up huge for Mexico!!!
It's hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel at this point
Start work at a daycare today, I'm not sure how I feel about this
nyuci njemur men mundak hnsm :*
Im cooked. Long ass night on da dock. Nba free agent frenzy. Draft day A.wiggins draft day J.parker. what are knicks going to do. Wtf
Congratulations to my girl Alexandra for making the dance team!!!!!
Who even is our 4th line C right now? Or right winger?
We call football, football because it's way more popular here than soccer. Soccer MAY be the 5th favorite sport amongst Americans. MAYBE.
What did Dr.Dre do this year to get 3 billion? It dont even matter he got money
El numero 2 de EEUU 2 a 1
I hope I can fix this before the week is up. Or else I'm screwed.
98% positive someone hot boxed the hotel elevator
In need of frozen yogurt. Bad.
The simpsons tapped out is so addictive. Add me J_Mars87
Turning my dreams into goals and my visions into blueprints. And after all of this is over and done with, we will smile together again.
Capped tonight off by hanging out with in Haight. Hadn't seen her since SXSW 09. \n\nToday was a great day.\n\nNow: time to crash.
Civic Center is smelling extra fab today.
setting up an on my couch solely for
I can't believe this just fckin happened.
Son I'm just so fed up
Finally Teen Wolf is back on
Wuts gooood for tn
ughhhh all I wanna do in life is listen to music and not have any resposibilities
This is for the UK !! if you don't live in the UK don't tweet the hashtag ! !
I get to see bae tomorrow and I'm so beyond excited. Yay.
Can't even get over how sunburnt I am
Hol up hol up hol up hol up hol up we making noise 8*
this song is like 1 hour long
Everyone should come through to the graduation tomorrow. See the best class SBHS has ever seen go out on top
scott, who DOESN'T want lydia?
It kinda sucks when you realize that you're nothing but shit to someone..
I can tell this post is gonna take me all night...
why doesn't brooklyn have late night laser tag? someone invent this please
if i had a niall follow i'd let everyone go on my acc as much as they want to the point where i'd probably lose my follow lmao
Why republican were laughing in that picture?
This game is goin to shit
Just saw Venus in Fur with
Are Ray Bans a good graduation gift?
If denies businesses card on contraceptives rule, remember $ is already freedom of speech;
Time to workout with
If you round your edges for someone, you lose your edge.
I kissed the scars on her skin.
Raquel is all over the place.... First the break up with Pete and now she's all about helping his ex? Oh chile... Bye!
Today I have none at all
How does one accidentally burn his penis. Were you cooking naked? Straightening your pubes?
Think of everyday another step closer to your dream.
Myah wants to play but i wanna watch
I didn't say that . YOU HAVE MEMORY LOSS.
now he's talking about how he's gonna build up to doing an open mic soon and how all comedians are insecure. PS the girl hasn't laughed once
Don't tread on me
My mom really be thinking I'm some stupid nigga.
I'm really at Dairy Queen with No shoes
Bitches be swearing they gone use a nigga and he end up being a broke nigga.
I keep getting asked why I don't model. I'm only 5'3\", don't let my Afro fool you lol.
Me are gonna murder u all
KSJC 240353Z 30008KT 10SM FEW050 SCT110 18\/08 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP139 T01830083
Last day of school! This year flew by, but big things ahead of me for my career.
Don't even need to tell tawnee something and she already knows hahahah
ALL I WANT IN MY LIFE IS BIG BOOBS OR A BIG ASS! Is that to much to ask for??
literally belting my heart out to Tattooed Heart bc favorite song ever
Sometimes I wonder what'd i'd be like if I Grew Up In Korea.....
Gym then conditioning. Aye fck.
KT is weird and just jealous of everyone so she hates on everyone
Got the red, white and blue on today. Meetings are getting moved. Let's go USA!
Lmao rooms a mess.
Ghana is getting hosed by the refs....just missed a free kick at the top of the box
Now leaving Millwood, NY after time w ; heading home via Taconic. Trip odometer zero.
I had more respect for Rodney Dangerfield than the current President of the United States. As Fats Domino said \"ain't that a shame.
Been telling niggas we ain't want they bitches since '08.
I literally have the best brothers in the world
Trappin in a vacant, servin all my patients
Diablo this bird is ma loud b
I regret getting mad at the end lmao
I may have drank a wee bit much last night.
Forget this. I'm watching movies for the rest of the day.
I think you need to be able to love someone before you can \"hate\" them.
There was barely people there -_-
Everyday lely has been adding a letter to her name
A 1 star review from someone who claims there is no app support.\n\nI answered his email 38m after he sent it. Welcome to the App Store.
This nigga really need to calm down
I can't accept the fact that you're gone
So-called polemic \"puto\" word has left Brazil and has already landed on page 109 of 's LOS INGRAVIDOS. No fue penal!
I'm the realist bitch you'll ever meet
Some dude at moes decides to break the glass window and they won't let us in...
nothing better than actually knowing who to trust nd who not to
how the hell you kill your own brother over a game of flappy bird though?
Had the best \"one last time\" ever. Almost ready to leave. Goodbye Cali!
HAHAHHHA FUCK YOU RONALDO
I have completed the cancer awareness ice challenge and it was a success.
Lets see how 3 slices of pizza sits before my game.
baby i'm getting through to youuu
\": Masarap kapag may kaibigan kang laging nandyan para sa'yo, yung kahit minumura ka dahil sa katangahan mo tumatawa pa rin.\"
So answer me why I'm out here feelin single when I got a wife!
It's funny how my parents try to shield me from the outside world filled with drugs and bad behavior, when it is literally EVERYWHERE...
Tanning in my underwear and bra yolo
Woooow someone stole my camera out of my moms car! What the fuck! People are foul as fuck I swear!
Damn is tonight a feels night or something?
Bout to scope ur boy up like a ground ball
He literally watched that goal happen ..
*Boy singing: i wont let these little things slip out of my mouth*\n\nGrace \"Thats what she said\"\n\nHAHAHAHAHAHA
Love spending Sunday mornings in my backyard with my dog just sitting
Coffee or beer?\ni'll definitely go for ;)\n:p
Four hours of sleep between 16 hour shifts? Why not!
don't be afraid, you're not alone
Nights like this
Tonight, I Could Not With but the next day, I will, : ( \n
I'm hella thick in my thighs for no reason....
Ahhhhh im going insane ! Someone talk 2 me all night
This shits nothing like dream league
Chili cheese fries from Del Taco sound good right now..
I feel like I'm coming back !
i cant go on twitter without seeing my TL full of soccer tweets that i do not care about
Goalie = frozen.
First Giants game of the year for me. Feels good.
CVS2 coming on time to leave and play gundam?
realizing you spelled a word wrong when its too late &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Happy pappy day
going to really miss this girl once she goes away for college,She's to me and just thinking about this already makes me her
Le voy a escribir a la gente y se desconectan, mmm.
They've for your name, they've got your number, they've got your hopes, your dreams, your future ,they've got your loved ones by the throat
Tucker gets is balls cut off on Saturday... Poor guy
A dream match between &amp; would DEFINITELY make the division UNCONTESTED!
SUPERCONDRIAQUE !!!!!!! OUIIIIII depuis le temps que je l'attends ce movie &lt;3 &lt;3
My dad was a monster growing up, but he's one of my best friends now. Don't give up on people. And don't give up on Republicans.
Seems like the whole world is against Hobby Lobby.
Why do females love wearing fake dookie chains...You wanna grow a penis too?
Ur not a makeup artist u just like makeup shut up
James Deen is doing an AMA on reddit. Guy is my hero.
My neighbors cooking steak and I'm insanely jealous cause all I'm having for dinner is a sandwich
Yea she get around, Like a hoola hoop
STALK FOR GAIN TWEETS &amp; 3\/12 DMS
Ha ...Ha Ha Ha is you mad or nawh
relationships at this age are intense\nit's all so new to us experiencing things with someone you care about not knowing what it'll turn into
I will take that as a yes
I don't get upset or even, I pray for a better them.
Do I know any or know anyone who knows models in ??
Watching true life I'm fed up with my gfs weight.... And I'm still single
USMNT wins 2-1
Huge night! carrying the Bay on his back.
But, what did he expect? He wifed a stripper.
Clint mother fucking dempsey
Number 16 beard game was to strong
The stray kitties at my college make me sad. I hope they stay safe and warm tonight!
It's so dark idk where we're even at
oh amiga n tenho culpa se tu n confia no seu taco
Not 3? Not 4? Not 5? Not 6? Not 7? .. Lol 2-4 in the finals .. Smh
Happy Fourth Bowel Movement of the day.
Kinda want a boyfriend, kinda don't idk it's weird
- hasn't been the same since the Buzzfeed article.
I want to be a CIA agent like doing flips and shit and being a bad ass bitch, helping the world all at the same time
Haha i only like little cats because they squeeze between people and weave in and out better.
My dad just told me to \" pace myself\"
how Does One Get A Follow ? Cus It's Hard
I only have one goal this summer
I'm really too young to be feeling this old
On the way to LGA for my new 759 am flight to Greensboro. I hope I have better luck than yesterday. Weather looks better.
I could do laundry. Or not.
make me smile and tell me my sweet heart is alright I MISS HER *crying
When my man comes home his niggas not gonna see his ass for about a good 2 months .. Ima need my man all to myself
My Twitter feed is 45% programmers, 50% Smash players, and 5% people I actually know.
Not sure what's harder. Playing \"hipster or gay?\" or \"hipster or homeless?\"
Wait wait wait , was this his first time or no ?
\": are you on drugs?\" No he took my phone lol
Ain't trying to give you the wrong impression, I'm not looking to be with no one.
Now I'm fully awake and annoyed I needa roll up I can't right now I can't!!
I've Never been on a date... But just hope that when I do it's with someone special
If you have to ask if you're apart of my life, then that's pathetic. Honestly.
Hella starin.. Can I just eat my Big Mac
Tropicana tonight, revel tomorrow night, then wildwood on Wednesday. LML
kinda wanna cut all my hair off lol
Happy Fathers Day Dad!
Frozen Rope BABY! Go USA!!!!!\nOne - One
You deleted that tweet!! Girl you are too funny! You must of known you sounded stupid!
i thnk ..(and im sayin i thnk cus i dnt wanna say) my headphones r messed up omfgggggggg :( :(
Can someone have a bonfire tonightttttt
I wish finding someone just like me was easier than it is
Who da fuck know where to get some E 40s
Feeling like a princess with this car service
Williamsport beat Jamestown 8-5. Alejandro Atreaga (6 2\/3 IP, 2ER)got the W. Jan Hernandez &amp; Jiandido Tromp w\/ 3H each. Aaron Brown- HR (1).
I FORGOT MY DS AT HOME FUCK
always accidentally follow ppl
Sorry doesn't fix shit.
started from the trap now i rap
These high political debates behind us tho lol
At work listening to the Yankees game
Talk about DRAMA...re: the status of CJ and Danny's relationship. \n\n
Happy angel birthday Cpl. Chris Scherer. I never knew you but you have impacted my life greatly
YAASS!!! well done sir!!!
Thank you random short girl in oak for telling me I'm so hot I know
Breaking: Obama weighing options for Portugal invasion. \"How hard could it be?\"
Got a job offer at my job today!! That's what's up!
it's the loneliest nights that taught me the most
you actually make me want to lobotomize myself.
I laugh all the time when an American person says \"ummm\" lmaooo
I need a nash hoodie, shirt, shorts, sweatpants &lt;3
I love you from the bottom of my heart to the depth of my testicles.
No one ever came thru with the PCP
I miss I wonder what time it is in Berlin I'm too tired to do math
My mom is really trending on twitter lmao
A little drunk on you an high on summertime!
if I never see you again I won't be mad at all
WHAT A HIT SON!!
Who thought today would b the day that im rooting for russia to win
hanging my boarding pass on my wall because I successfully made it through 10 hrs of traveling with food poisoning without booting
Germany looking for their fourth straight semi final
I was knocked out now I'm wide awake
where's all those booty twitter accounts when you need them?
I wish I lived somewhere where I can lay in bed &amp; watch the fireworks on the Hudson from my bedroom window
Cuando se muere alguien todo el mundo era su amigo\/a. -_-
\"Oh my god...Uncle Sam on a penis rocket to hell\" is a sentence my mother just said to me on the phone
Pad Thai LITERALLY smells like fucking dog
I'm gon start rocking old school nikes and foams more often.
Dont mistake the fact that I do what I want for being a bitch. Im grown. I dont have to listen to you.
rhythm is a dancer i need a companion, girl i guess that must be you
My sister cusses in spanish lol
Didn't know they could walk like tf nigga where r u
Americans don't flop
Society is so over rated ew
Satisfied but guilty as hell
Hurry up with those nugs
Im not gonna use feelings anymore I go off FACTS
Like serious it irritates me to try to be nice to you when I don't like you.
I'm gonna root for the Giants this year. Not jumping bandwagon, but so doesnt send his kids to bed without dinner.
I've never wanted a soccer team to win so badly in my life
Whenever I'm out I think I have good ass pictures .. Son all my shits be blurry as fuck wtf
Fun fact: I'm dating Chase Crawford, he just doesn't know yet :)
drama is stupid and it's summer let people have fun
I really want Portugal to lose. Just go home.
He wasn't ready
I'm clouted up feel like I'm wasting my time
You can literally see the fog slowly engulf the city.
How are you to judge when you did the same thing.
Come on billy corgan
Its amazing no matter what when the Islanders are looking to make a trade the market always seems to be \"dead\". Always an excuse.
Go get the camera and let's make a movie
I'll only share a meal if she a bad bitch
I nap all day so I'm never tired at night.
Heat fans throwin on them Brazil jerseys right about now
Beautiful just the most beautiful thing I've ever received in my life .
I'd rather listen to Cameron on commentary than hear HHH do a British accent again.
I'm going off on some mfs if my shit gets egged
trying new theme dont eat me
Why would you ever want something you could actually have?
it's something unpredictable, but in the ends it's right
my photography firm is gonna be called \"meats, shoots and leaves\"
Kordell is so angry over pizza
I notice alot of little details .
I wanna do something freaky to you baby
Sitting in a wet bathing suit may be the most uncomfortable feeling ever
I look insane at my job rn.
But watch me finish all 3 seasons by next week ... K
Five minutes after getting dropped at 808 I was at the bars, and now here I am, feeling like I got electrocuted and kinda wishing I had
2 more hours then going home
Tell your trashy mother to grow the fuck up and quit involving herself in your teenage drama.
my summer playlist is basically and Mike Stud alone
Wish that nigga would say something OMG
\"That's my new thing: I like to touch woman's nipples when they are not expecting it\" said by my best friend Sarah.
Could've Lost My Life
Constantly building and improving myself in every aspect of my life
I've been studying since 12 and I feel like I havnt learned anything
I hate when I tell my friend about a celeb I met\/ love\/ seen and all of a sudden they are IN LOVE WITH HIM. Girl bye
Our name means that we honestly can't wake up before noon. Luckily today we did!
Working working working im going to get money because im working working working...im tired already
I want my voice back
That jergens make u feel sum type of waaay
You n I love forever.. Se acordara de esas palabritas. I don't think so.
This years heat fans are next years spurs fans
Anyone wants to talk, I'm bored
if the purge was real i think i would shit my pants
\": Who........... Cares\" don't step in something that doesn't concern you!
Drivers Ed then work is gunna suck dick
\": thanks for the call\"i got it to
JONES! What a shot!
Screw this! It's late I'll just meal prep tomorrow.
Lol @ me finding Bob's Burgers so entertaining
The things that will never be just handed to me seem to be the things I want the most
ipasok din si sa bahay ni kuya..
I haven't even been here a full week and had 100x more fun than I ever had in upstate in three years time
Campbell such a diver. A talent, but ruins his reputation at such a young age. Ridiculous.
Can't wait to get out of jacksonnnn for a few days
Facebook is just filled with the same drinks, talking about the same shit as last weekend!!
Walking Dead marathon!! Glad to be rained in lol
Those Ghana jerseys are tight
FCK YA MURICAAAA
I've now almost forgiven Ginobili for last year
Watching a show via my twitter feed. Awkward
They're making The Giver into a movie I am so excited
Quiero ver a mi chichii
I can't fish in the state I'm in...just gonna chill for a few minutes here and then head on back.
35 sec my niqqa !!!!
The Jimmy is my favorite Seinfeld episode ever
This show is keeping me from sleeping Wth.
Talking about hiring&amp;managing GenY ppl . This will be interesting!
Theres a differences between fat and thick and some of ya females don't get that..
This guess your age quiz just told me I'm a 62 year old woman
In a perfect world I would start every morning shooting an oyster and drinking a margarita
Its true. She never played the role i wanted. Im starting to think about how it would have been if she did
\"I hate when girls put guys in their wedding party!\" Ummm that's awkward cuz both me and Lexi plan in it \/3
Got my New York license today. What the what? The photo's in black and white. At least my hair looks good.
This referee is callin an amazing game! He's not callin that diving bullshit
Situation is what all you niggas make of it
gotta show a better way before you tell em to stop.
The game of bang is a very good one indeead.
Nothing better then watching the hotdog eating contest
FUCK EVERYONE IS ON POINT
I don't mention Gaborik because I have a feeling he'll stay in Los Angeles.
What in the world is a pantsapraneuer??? ;)
Costa Rica is still gay tho
apparently I butt-posted a couple of timehop posts earlier today. also butt texted the wife a couple times. my butt is pretty tech savvy.
626 you're so nice and
The whole cigarette metaphor thing is pretty cool...
You'd think after 12 3-pointers the Heat would start catching on but whatevaaa
I really want a pair of Hunter rainboots yet don't know when tf I would wear them
te dou umas pegas mentalmente e vc nem sabe.
Hormigas somos todos solo cambia el hormiguero.
INFIELD DOUBLE PLAY!! We love Strapping Hunk on 1st base! But we still miss Brandon \"Nine Inches\" Belt &amp; wish him a speedy recovery.
feeling unappreciated has to be the worst thing ever.
Random bitches love following me..im Bout to make my shit private Again !
Calling it a night in Syracuse, NY!
Healing our own heart helps us to know what our true heart's desires are. What is real and what was always just an illusion.
I will pray to Tim Howard tonight
I'm a full grown adult and I still eat lunchables.
The Devil Girls will always give my biggest dose of life every Monday night.
The next GoPro should be able to levitate so that pole thing doesn't get in the way. Hint! Hint! GoPro creators! Make it happen!
i have about 326 baes after today ....
This Catfish episode is weird af. Dear Gaaawd
Life is basically just a constant effort to not be disgusting.
I finally bought my MIW booty shorts even if I wanted them in white but pink is also my favorite color so yay!
I don't like texting.. I rather have you there in person.
I've only been awake for 40 minutes whaaaat
God can I just meet Tyler Posey
Dont tell me I dont care about these \"Illegal Aliens\"\nIts you who do not care for the millions of American children who are in worse shape
I just for home and ISN'T RECORDING MY BROTHER STOPPED IT TO RECORD SPONGEBOB I AM CRYING
Who wants to do something tn?
My car is do ducking slow
It's not even 7 yet and you are already pissing me off
Face down ass up, I love to fuck
everybody should block from getting the brietcase
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS WOULD NOT FUCKING BELIEVE WHAT JUST HAPPENED
I lit rage inside when my phone sends me note's for twitter then instantly I have no service. I'm goin to kill you AT&amp;T. K I L L Y O U.
\"a dolphin conspiracy. a dolphiracy\" -
ZAPPED IS SUCH A LOAD OF POO POO CA CA. STOP FEELING BAD FOR BEING MEAN U WUSSY.
I love my gf way to much to think of another nigga tryna fill my shoes
And man do I miss bogies
Just realized in my stuck up tweet my phone messed up the word explain
One of my roommates just started watching empire strikes back. I hear it through the wall. I'm too tired to get up.
Jermaine Jones has a cannon
I dunno where u @ but plz hit me n let me kno u still breathin punk
\": I'm young &amp;' I done Been Through So Much Sht!\"
Amazing how sometimes life seems to give you exactly what you need at a given moment.
Las palabras se las lleva el viento.
But first, SHUT THE FUCK UP
It's gonna take more than a couple clutch Ray Allen 3's to win this one...
Walking into the house to find my dad blasting his music to max
I baked a cake I didn't eat... it'll be gone tomorrow
Sometimes I use lol when I don't know what to say
Could have been called offsides on Dempsey if deemed in way...JONES...
Me: Dad what's the funniest thing you've ever seen\nDad: You guys. \n\nThanks?
And another fabulous performance of \"Devil Boys from Beyond.\" Loving NCTC and my castmates!
I remember when my mom thought I subtweeted about her.
At lease I had him to cheer me up what a good friend
I knew taking a nap earlier was a bad idea :(
oscillating fans be teasin. IS IT ALL JUST A GAME TO YOU?!
Messi would've scored that
\": Get this trash off my television \" change the channel
\"My pride is all I have\"
I've got so much rage built up from the bar exam I may actually run through a man when I finally get to play rugby again in august
Work, stack, work, invest.. It's been worth it tho !!
Black nails for the first time in forever because I feel like it
i feel like that could have been better
So, did we ever figure out which Food Group vaginas are in?
Que pena que existan personas que le dediquen mas tiempo a la vida de otras personas que a la propia.
Idk how people smack when they're eating food my Grandma used to slap me for shit like that
Holy fuk a 51 year old guy got hit by the light rail while he was trying to save his dog
Awwww yeah! Just got my tickets to see in NYC! Not a small town but there'll be a throw-down!!
How you call someone the love of your life, the king of your world, or your everything and u like 18
I have too much clothes seriously fuck this :(
She didn't wanna role with me until she seen her friend come
came by an artist creating anti-gentrification art in the mission at midnight. \"sudden switch\" in reflectors on a chain link fence
Does anyone wanna go to lbi and turn up a lil for like a day or two
I almost choked on my gauze earlier lol almost the death of me
That last tweet wasn't supposed to have a question mark
Nets to the bucks that's a real upgrade
Atari's E.T. The Extra Buried in the Desert in a mass grave Terrestrial.
Imagine the beginning of thrift shop and all the what's Macklemore says, that's me daily
I just want my goal of 600 followers before i make another goal LOL
Gnt...mas n era 24 horas de amor nesse caralho????
Sometimes its all about the way you carry yourself.
Did he really just throw her out the window?! OMG Bauer!!
Super Bowl sucked, Stanley cup finals only lasted 5 and the nba finals sucked
memes made from childhood cartoon's are the greatest
I need a hot chick who smokes mad budddd
I'm wearing a pencil skirt like a real grown up to work tomorrow. Naturally, it's covered in polka dots.
Deleting numbers like crazy. Too many shady friends..
I sometimes just hate people
The world doesn't understand how much I love
Then Jess spilled all the salsa in the ground and ruined everyone's night
I want to get stupid fucked up
\"when you've proved that God is merely a name for the sex instinct, it appears to me not far to the perception that the sex instinct is God\"
If you don't go braggin, I'ma let you have it
Remember when those douche bags killed a gorgeous moth
Didn't see you in forever and than I finally see you tonight and it felt like we barely knew each other.
I've been waiting at the park for an hour...
OMFG. Not Dempsey please. Be okay!
That yellow card was stupid. He got all ball.
Happy 4th in honor of mom+dad: a WVa coal miner's daughter + a Slovak immigrant-fell in love and raised their family in the nation's capital
STILES AND MALIA ARE SO CUTE AHEKNDKEK
I wish I hadn't forgotten my notebook aishajskapfdjandbfkcn
A bicycle that actually stopped at a stop sign? Now that's a first.
Wait did she just fall asleep that fast lmao .
Cannot be here for another hour
You are a glass half empty, sipping my ocean dry.
Me di cuenta que estoy mejor sola!!
Me acabo de comer una tarta de manzana , no me gustaba la verdad pero bueno viendo la peli esta cualquier cosa me como
It'd really help if the tvs in this fucking house worked.
Now we talk drug money in between tennis sets
And I have to wake up and literally pick up grown niggas wipes off the floor? Come the FUCK all the way on.
My Brian is actually going to blow upp
I've been getting irritated so fast lately
When your goalie fucks you over In a game of chel&lt;&lt;&lt;
I hate when people compare me to others like shut the fuck up you don't know me
Never been so fucking scared in my life
Ummmm I should be asleep BUT I CANT FUCKING SLEEP
But he act like he can't text nobody .. Ha
I probably just had hands down the saddest\/weirdest dream ever.
quote this tweet with a booty pic
times square and transformers with shawtty tonight
This nigga Melanie is having a titty attack because of this J.Cole tour lmao
I never was the type to party ; we can just chill.
I'm ignoring you with the read receipts ON.\nfux with it.
Trading Raymond Felton and Tyson Chandler is the best thing the Knicks have done in a long time
Maybe you favoriting my tweets and never texting me could be our always:)
when did it past midnight it was just 8pm
Woke up at noon and listened to holla back girl 5 times since then... Could be a good day\/night. Or awful... Who knows
I ain't mad at the Nets. Kidd didn't earn the right to have all that power he was asking for.
Absoul is about to change the game
Damn no one on my team is going to this party tonight.
&amp; these nigga wanna stop at the fucking store when I got 11%. WHAT THE FUCK.
Never mind you rock that full button up collar!
Why am I getting sick now
\"There's a big difference between being clingy &amp; wanting to be appreciated.\"
I want a bae
I am from Ina my Petrina
You be thinking more bitches I'll be thinking more dope
Joe Biden is the president?
Ok I just need to just have twitter auto favorite and retweet all of 's tweets. I practically do that now lol
TELL HOW AMAZING SHE IS PLEASE
I bet kids used to shove Frankie Valli into lockers. Dudes voice is like a high pitched kazoo. But i love it anyway
We hate teasing , but we have a really cool video premiering later today, get
Im done,Why should i be the one having to act normal why you act different,this is 2014 no one got time for that shit
Wow Steve Jobs was an asshole
Can't be all lazy and shit lol
When a Spanish graduation party turns into a full on dance party &gt;&gt;
My hairstylist cut my hair like Jem and the Holograms.
One little kiss never killed no body one little drank never wrecked no party.
Not a single person but LeBron looks like they know how to play basketball on the Heat right now
In desperate need of a deep tissue massage
Se le vieron lo pantie a Bosh
Nothing is more beautiful than those game changing moments where you feel it all click &amp; you know you're in deep
1 Chronicles 16:34 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever.
Kim Kardashian's ass scares me. I'll be straight with you.
Just woke up like 15 min ago
Sometimes we need to remind ourselves of where we come from.
pelamor de jesus cristo preciso assistir pll
Time for Lebron to walk off the court and take his jersey off, looks like you bron lovers better save up for a New Jersey
But don't you worry, we'll be open for brunch at 10am tomorrow for your breakfast fix!
Very few people listen when you talk. Others have to follow up with something about themselves.
I'm lowkey sike of Bey &amp; jay performing together now it's overrated
Teen Wolf starts tonight :( \nAnd i won't be able to watch it
I wish blah blah blah blah blah
I took a 40 mins nap like 2 hrs ago nd now i cant sleep fml
\": I don't think you know how easily you can make me smile.\"
Get em Manu
I feel like I'm going to go insane so much shit going on in my head rn
LAST TEST AND THEN IM FREEEEE
Speaking of nike pros I could really use a new pair, or 2. Preferably one black and one fun color
How am I wide awake with only 2 hours of sleep?
Make that move back to PA this weekend
Me and Em have the best friendship wtf why does she have to graduate. I'm boutta snipe everyone so she can't get her diploma
Wait, \"EDC\" is just \"basic\" translated to another language right?
Let's just split it in half and snort it and see what happens
Society's infrastructure realizes our biological needs and created a system in which we must follow 2get our biological needs: food sex etc
The greek gods weren't enough to help Greece win in penalties!
Dirty Spics yeah I said it
Love your grandparents because once they're gone, they're gone.
Second Baja blast from Farian today..
I love it in CA but coming back to MN this past weekend made me realize how much I miss about it. It will always be home.
I hate when people forget where they came from.
New favorite game, guys. Two truths and a Lie.
me &amp; haven't stopped texting in caps since 10:39
looking at photography seriously gives me peace.
Gol de Messi despierta a Argentina ..
FUCK HER AND THE NUMBER 5!
Sitting outside in the middle of nowhere waiting for my Pizza Hut dinner box, what's your night like ?
Starting to miss being call MarshMALlow by everyday.
If Lahm is playing center mid I'm going to have a fit
.a legitimate government does not imprison journalists - - please use your influence to end this injustice.
The good ones go, if you wait to long
who cares if someone wears no makeup WHO CARES
Mimi is slow,stupid,naive chile thats not love youre being used at least open ur eyes to Ariane stop being stupid
It still feels weird to root for France. Come on Hugo!
Stupid nigga. Learn how to speak to a female. Fckin dick heads man.
I literally just screamed so loud
As 4th of July gets closer, my brother and I like to play \"Gunshots, or Fireworks?\" Been playing this since we were kids
Also, 2 whole days of board games and bbq'ing! ....I just got excited about board games. Wtf.
Thinkin your tweet is A1 but it turns out to be a bust damm
People that \"don't drink sink water\"\nmake me mad
There's a lot of things I want to do. A lot of things I want to pursue, but I have to wait on God and trust in His timing.
If you get arrested the police are able to go through your phone.
Mfs with 30k followers tweet ignorant and unwarranted opinions and sway 15k gullible minds. Social media kills me sometimes
At work. I wanna cry. I can't take it no more
These women stubborn as hell, I understand not wanting to have to settle, but y'all need to take care of your body &amp; health.
ele nao ta bem e nao quer me falar
Niggas always talking shit, pls do something better with your life
Tom Green is the funniest stand up comedian alive I don't care what anyone says
Wanna do something..... acting like I don't have work at 9 tomorrow
I had black on black i swear youre late
Who the fuck was talking about you ?
GROUP OF DEATH!!!!!
\": Make the right choice and date a brunette\"
everyone either hates or loves that channing tatum is gonna be gambit in the next x-men movie there is no in between
My driver tonight is the guy who ends every sentence with my name.
I don't mind helping people. I just hope they appreciate everything.
Ahhhh only 3 more work days until we get to go the lake house!!
food , drinks &amp; good vibes is all i want tonight
So acho essa uma liinda :3
Pre-workout meal: 2 fish fillets, corn, protien shake
Fuck this unfair or the refs were against us and even they didn't even deserve to win. Good teams find was to win. No matter what.
Sometimes I get this overwhelming want to just kiss and cuddle someone and I hate it so much
Visiting Dorne in GoT season 5!
Can't a cute girl sit by herself and just enjoy her glass of wine without being hit on? Smdh just tryin to unwind in solitude. Lol
May he be pleased by all these thoughts about him he is the source of all my joy thank you god
Big shout out to . I've just seen and it makes you fall in love with the city &amp; listen 2 music on a dual set.
Random come ups. God blessed me
But voicemails from and make meeeeee happi :)
start the Finals strong on ESPN.
Live I still feel drunk
Need a long break from twitter
I wish there was a way to search all my streaming services at once for a particular movie.
There's only like 2 girls I can actually call my best friend. They know me better than I know myself
It's crazy how much you can love an individual.
it all comes down to you
US fucking A!!!!!
omg Clint Dempsey literally just got kicked in the face
The results are in, I failed....\nbig fucking surprise
That one guy thinks he can get a drink and no one would score...
Up the road, Uruguayans, down the road, all Colombian. Can't wait for tomorrow's big game in
Soooo HUNGRY rn
How are there way more Filipinos than Chinese people in china town right now.
i don't understand how someone with such a bland, boring personality is so popular
You keep me going but keep me from going...
They fucked up my drink and gave me sass. I'm scared
He never fails to put a smile on my face.
That was like watching the Bills every single season
The real world starts in 14 hours
Definitely would have gone smh
Damn that was some shot
Benzino mad annoying &amp; pussy. N Stevie a lyin unloyal ass nigga
i really hate milk idk why im drinking it right now.
I need a good book someone give me suggesting please
Shorty on my mind all the time
SOMEONE DO SOMETHING WITH ME SOPHIA IS AN ANTISOCIAL FUCKER
moi j'mange une pizza avec du n'taba
Showed up to work a half hour early and was 15 minutes late. Fell asleep in my car :\/
Yo dude! i might be coming down with Nanny&amp;Poppop next week! i'm still deciding and i still have to talk to them about it
damn 30 seconds!!
Yogurtland never fails to schedule me to close every 4th of July. WHY ME?
do u kno what it means when theres curators as far as the eye can see? it means the opposite of a gold rush, it means everything is depleted
Ain't gonna beg you to stay, ain't gotta ask you what's wrong, ain't no reason runnin' after somethin' already gone..
My boy Clint
\"GOOOOOOOL,!!! Bien Messsssiii,!!!!
mom: what's that noise\nme: the sound of FREEDOM
MY PHONE IS ON 1% AND I CANT FIND MY CHARGER HELP
There should be extra pts for degree of difficulty
Boehner's orange face should be next to the Urban Dictionary definition of
I say that like 103847382647 times a day
I want to be in 's book club
I'm just so happy for 5SOS because they finally have like an official album out and are living their dream it's amazing.
I feel sorry for the girls who cake on makeup . Cause today's weather is not for you!
Having Amir watch The Fault in Our Stars with me and I can tell he wants nothing to do with itttt
I'ma keep my book of rhymes close &amp; my dreams closer tho.
w\/ \n\nThe next one it is coming soon
I just saw the season premiere of Teen Wolf.\nI am still trying to process everything.
my goal in life is to make my snapchat story 1000 seconds long
Name one thing Salvadorians do better than Mexicans :
shawns the new jb but he will turn out better :)
I'm talking major not the minor league &amp; your the last of a dying bread
Dear diary... its a difficult moment as the baby sleeps in my arms i find myself unable to reach the teriyaki. .. panic will ensue
Suarez is actually being investigated for biting people wtf
When you can't fit four Eames lounge chairs in your new apartment. :\/
Francamente me dan lastima esos mediocres losers q se van a las fuerzas armadas d US para ir a invadir otros pais ignorantes
definitely feeling most Myself right now (read: listening to Mariah Carey, eating late night Mexican food)
35 seconds in?
just finished up one of my most favorite shoots. energy, light &amp; movement. love it allll. feeling &amp;
Wtf is open? Other then McDonald's and Jack.
Almost time to see in If\/Then!!! The anticipation is killing me!!!
All the Udon.
Trevor's flight has been delayed for 5 hours and counting
gagging (not in a hot way)
BACK TO BACK, BELLY TO BELLY
Not liking the new sports center set at all
Just tore my fucking Nike sweatpants... Nigga pissed.
That OVO and that XO is all that I know
yea that show rising star sounds cool and all but what if someone flashes their dick then what
I aint too proud to tell you i cry sometimes about it
She's the best skinny dipper that you're ever gunna find, she hits the branch with her bra every time'
Cece Peniston is at this game I nearly fell out my chair
That time we all went to coney after graduation
Following on twitter insta AND vine is def top 10 best life decisions
Work is going to be so fucking busy today
Conversations like this makes me hold on till the next one comes around.
Txt me \"Oh.\" or \"K.\" Ima dismiss yo ass
Watching a double-feature on .
Yeah but it's a fuckin sweet car, my roommates said they're going to get me rims for Christmas.
Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful?
I am not understanding why people follow me just unfollow after i follow them....you follow me?
What a start to the World Cup ! Can we please have another or 3!
thanks for making Faith happy &amp; also being there to give me advice! you're awesome ??
Nobody haffi know yuh come over mi yard
Five fucking bee stings is not how I wanted this night to go.
Sometimes just wanting something isn't enough.
hahahaha Heat are a joke in the Finals this year
I see your no ragrets and raise you a different movie quote
.should start giving away free birth control with every purchase.
6) when penetrated stage 5 clinger pussy
It is ironic that the last time true elite hard hitting soccer with flair was played was in USA when Pele with the Cosmos - what happened?
Shout out to for that clutch late night scoop up
I wanna throw a crazy ass rave !
ILTC is tomorrow and I could not care less
jk warped is actually sunday haha
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
Walked right by and crashed my my highike I know you will.
Swallow my doubt, turn it inside out find nothing but faith in nothing
Who knows where I will be a year from now...
I see ppl talking shit n I'm just like lol you almost failed out of college
Maybe I guess I just wanna gain trust? Lol idk catch the feels I guarantee you'll be confuzzled:-) fack...
Group dates ? Wtf. Guess I'm old fashioned
\"I had a realllly nice butt\"
Every fourth of the July my friends and I change are twitter names
My heart stopped for a sec
Heat fans are hurt right now lol
My neighbors just told us there was a deer in their back yard last week........
Teen wolf got me in the best mood \nI love you all
19 .. haven't talked to u in a while hmu
vs Uruguay tomorrow . We got this !
30 seconds In and USA scores
