I dont know how ariana grande even on that list lol
\"seven billion smiles and yours is my favorite\"
Today's KOP trip was picture perfect! Can't wait for visuals at work tomorrow morning! This summer is really starting to take great shape!!!
I believe that infants should be considered fetuses until 3 months after their DOB. Technically we're all our age minus 3 months
Somebody clearly needs to throw a party .....
making my soccer play-by-play debut next on . this blows &amp; calls out of the water.
I miss you so much it hurts
My dad hears that were going to beaches in Cannes, France and he goes \"oh ya, that's where I played volleyball with the topless women\"
Never knew I could see something so clearly looking through my third eye.
House Party by you know I'm there.
Make me your if you're a real one
Not looking real good for Bosnia about now.
Can all my new music like download or no?
We waited at the wrong terminal and my parents are in a frenzy cus our flights in 2 hours
the real question is: where is wondolowski
I feel sad now I better finish this movie so I can feel happy again
Like the sole purpose is not because I enjoy your company but it is in fact just using you.
I don't feel part of the team ..
Been Reminicing about elementary middle and high school for the last hour with the new milfordians
Now way did just follow me \n
Kershaw is officially in mid-season form. Time to make my fantasy playoff run
You can't love anyone until you learn to love yourself
Every time I fucking see my dad I remember why I'm moving out
Linkin Park - In the end
Ok, time to hate-watch this travel show about Honduras.
What color do I make my hairrrrr
Busy man but for you I'm free
Ugh remember when \"Recess\" was my show
I hate how my curly hair looks in pics, it looks way better in person
I hate when people fake compassion to get favorites and retweets. Bunch low sleaze bags
i have such shitty friends lol
Two games. Two sets of PK's to decide the winner. Love World Cup Soccer!
i wanna give a lap dance
\": In order to grow, you must learn to be comfortable in the uncomfortable..\"
Younger than you and can still take your nigga
OH at the gym: \"i just want some fries right now\"
why am i bored out of my mind rn
Things are going pretty good. I wanna keep it that way!!
So awesome to be an Aggie in Times Square and see people wearing Manziel shirts!!!
I cause more damage than I know. They used to be the best of friends and I came in between that didn't even know it
its 2014, can u at least attempt to care abt your eyebrows?
This class is fucking TORTURE lol
We have 2 years left of high school, drama and negativity are both a complete waste of time and you will only be regret them later in life
Yes!!! Viva Argentina!!!!!!
You don't got be rude just because I don't turn up anymore
When and I were talking about life today &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
There's a special place in hell for the person who holds up the line at Starbucks to complain about their order. .
Nash never sees me on his tl it's depressing
Are humans the only species whose young vehemently refuse food, shelter, sleep, and other life necessities?
Telling the truth can be difficult sometimes but it's worth it. Don't want new people to find out something they don't like about u later on
Four more day until mercury is out of retrograde.
Kwaku Bonsam at work ... Altidore bye
Come on, if this was hockey we would be playing by now.
I have a feeling Greece will win this penalty shoot out
We cant tie
Ok i think ima go to sleep now
USA vs PORTUGAL can't even watch
Imma act like that run wasn't the struggle
let's go heat nation!!!!
25 snap chats from ... Must be trashed
If only your psychiatrist had the means to your Snap Chat stories. Then maybe you'd be prescribed all those drugs you snort. Weirdos
Wow that was butter.
No one in my family even likes me never did so why am I here
So sleepy... To early for work
Why haven't I been doing more art??
Sometimes when we need we stare blankly &amp; listen to the in
And I still be asking god to show his face
Working a 12pm -10pm at the JOB aka (Journey of the Broke)
I love to say I'm really confident but if that's not insecurities idk what is.
I wanna wish happy birthday to this special little someone, HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! Can't wait to celebrate with you!! Xo
Don't say goodbye look in my eyess
No better feeling than going to bed naked
\"It is Valentines day! A.K.A Presidents day cause im spending it.... OBAMA SELF!\"
literally shaking because i just saw a commercial about an exorcism
Odio twitiar de la tablet -_-
was told there was golf and tennis this weekend also.
I have never prioritized love and having kids because I believe in changing the world. Which means sacrificing personal relationships.
It's so hot in here I can't even sleep
Landy-Cakes is sittin at home with a beer sayin ... \"How you like me now?\"
So my bio is pretty cool
I want to go to Niagara Falls for the 4th again and watch the fireworks over the falls. Even Canada gets to enjoy 4th of July thanks to that
I can't sleep knowing you talk to every other girl the way you talk to me.
skydiving : 20. What's number 1 on your bucket list?
GLAD TAMARA JUST BURNED TWO SQUARE INCHES OF MY ARM HAIR OFF
I really really want ice cream but like prom tomorrow ....
sht . napalabas na ba yung confrontation ni jane at kath ?
Can't wait until I have the money to travel and see new places
I h8 havin' a smallass head
The kid I'm training tomorrow is scared of me HAHAHHAHA
I'm ready to go back to Rutgers .
-Ha puesto un donut en el pasillo donde da el sol para que se caliente.-
Don't call me when you need something or just wanna be Nosey ... I will straight ignore your phone call
is on espn classics which is a upgrade. Meanwhile on espn ncaa bb
Aggravated and hungry. Not a good combo
If you're booty dont jiggle in a sun dress...return it
\"Who scored that?\"\n\"I don't know, probably some guy name Jones, or Smith or something\"
Why the fuck are you favoriting my tweet from January 2013? Dumb bitch.
The Docker btrfs backend is surprisingly snappy on RAID1.\natobey~\/src\/cassandra-docker $ sudo btrfs subvolume list \/ |wc -l\n306
USA USA USA CLINT DEMPSEY
Can't wait to start this band yo
\"Beautiful Mess\" by diamond rio was literally us in a nutshell.
jesus walked on water? was he a leaf village ninja?
Awe finally got glasses again.
I love how I was there for you through everything, but yet you still continue to run back to her.
Do not wash your poison ivy in the pool.
Phil of the future is on what a classic
About to have my 3rd cheese burger and hot sausage of the day. Its ok though I ate salad with it.
Going to North Carolina next weekend! All of July. Yesssssssssssssss.
At work trying my hardest to keep my eyes open
Waking up early just to get the report card is so not fucking worth it
Me and my snack are having a battle right now. Currently ED is winning.
Even the small things piss me off
Ms.Speier you are a joke.Badgering!! Please! They are destroying this Country and you apparently are defending these actions!
home alone , gonna be a boring night .
Watching the Heat lose this badly is making me so happy
My phone is so dry rn
\"His name is Nick, but I call him Nike, ya know like the shoes\"
One of the fighters names is Seth Rollins and I keep hearing Steph Rollens
I think enough is enough ..
I'm boutta run $5 cab service on campus
I ain't got shit to do but fall in love with you.
Lmao ratchet hoes love blowing down the demon with the hoodlums
If people don't hate then it won't be right
Dad is talking about how Britney and Justin's baby would have been the best reproduction in the world and how Jessica Alba sucks, ily dad
I'm Jonesing for some pumpkin chocolate chip pancakes
Said happy birthday to Betty and she goes \"who's birthday is it?\" ..it's hers
your smile is like a breath of spring
The brain naturally craves 4 things: Food, Sex, Water and Sleep
I need to stop honestly . Lol needa be on jass level and get shit GOING ! Grown man and shit
Imma make up for these past could of days tonight
A mi el que me Diga que lo dejo en leido! Se va pal infierno por Mentiroso
Good to see Higuain on. Lavezzi shouldn't be on the bench either but 2-nil up I suppose...
My heart says yes but my wallet says no
I love walking outside
Anyone who wants to come over and swim just text me I'm bored lol
for July 4th on AMC right now all day. Second episode ever is on
Very disappointed there wasn't volleyball today:\/
Vecina kretena ne moze da shvati da je biti kreten opcija.
Saw the promo tonight on !! I cannot wait for this show to start!!
My wifi stopped working. I guess I'll go to the gym now lol
Even though he hates me right now
U really think stooping this low with gruesome tactics will stop ? is NOT alone u shud let daddy know
finally unpacked my suitcase from when I went to Florida in the beginning of April
\"OH MY GOD OH MY GOD GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL\" - Spanish announcers &lt;33
Looks like I'm chugging a loko after work
For a second there I thought you cared..HA!
Tom I bet you 20 bucks you couldn't last in the game for 15 min
I can't tell you how many dating profiles I see where the guy is pictured with another girl. ITS LIKE YOURE NOT EVEN TRYING.
Waited 7 years for this!!! Swept lebron and the cavs in 07 and busted his ass now
i don't wanna be up rn let alone go to work
Courtney is my bestfriend I'm sad
When lily favors my shit it goes \"ur mom favored your tweet\" IM DYING
I need someone to do me a Solid lol
Y'all gone ignore tho? Mmk coo.
how are they all not noticing these flys crawling in their ears and shit. as soon as a fly even touches me I swat that thing away
Hyped for this Colombia game !!
Not in your wildest dreams would you have come up with that start. USA need to get back on the front foot. injury a blow
I love when the mechanics blast music in the shop and that's literally all I can hear in the office.
Some people prove that maturity doesn't come with age.
I cant believe Derek Jeter is 40 years old. I spent my ENTIRE childhood watching him play for the Yankees. Not one year without watching him
LMFAOOOOO this is ode I'm dying
It was like someone speaking some weird ass language
This bottle of beer is not only delicious,,,it also contains almost 10% of my daily requirement of beer.
Let's go to a drive in movie
\": If I ain't playin ball I'm tryna learn more so I get better\" thanks for the invite
My legs are dead and feel like jello yay
Men today's world don't wanna drive to a woman wtf is this world coming too? Total disgrace they want a girl to drive to them .
Lebron showing he doesn't have a heart of a champion by sitting on the bench! NO FUCKING WAY WOULD THAT HAPPEN WITH JORDAN,MAGIC, BIRD, ETC!
Ah the wals of pesimism and fear are doing battle with optimism fearless and sends me in a talespin of emotions but I know the later wil win
SOOOO FUVKING CLOSE
don't wanna come home tomorrow you know
You need more Willy Nelson in your life and you don't even know it.
HOLY SHIT. HOLY SHIT. HOLY SHIT. HOLY SHIT. HOLY SHIT.
You'd think HHH has had better matches in his career than RVD the way he talks down on him
Sad to say ..... I wasn't into soccer till this year!
Still upset about the Mexico game
According to mik E comes before D
Had to kick my mom off the tv so I can wAtch sorry momma, love you. SLAUGHTERHOUSE!
Fuck this Brian Wilson lookin mother fucker.
On the other hand, if North Koreans made a movie about assassinating an American president I'm pretty sure we'd all be just as mad
His takes us to the edge of impossible situations only to open a new path to an extraordinary opportunity.
It really was the soul that needed surgery all along. Thank you beyonce.
kiss me quick but make it last..
Y'all really ain't talking about Jay Z. Like at all. Isn't he there too???
My back is fucking killing me. Fucker me up today
Shirley a bohemia &lt;3
Casually third wheeling with lil and her bf
Nice!! RT : IM GOING SKY DIVING !!!!!!! IM SO FUCKING EXCITED !
Why stress when you know you ain't passing the test
THE US FUCKING A BABY!!!! LETS GO!
He wanted to date a black girl though?! LMFAOO
I could watch across the universe about now. Been a minute since I did last.
She took pictures of her crying ol ugly ass bitch
Here I go again...I promised myself...I wouldn't think of you today...ever since you've been gone the lights go out the same...
I feel like dm'ing you because I feel sorry for you.
Damn I always want to cut ass but I hold myself back lol
it's 72 degrees at 11 am
Hold up, lemme get my mind right
BEST GAME SO FAR
The shower after the gym is always the best lol.
22 jump street was decent. Funny parts but the first one was way better.
Yesterday was way too much fun. Friends are good. Life is good.
My mom get me fuckin tight. She shoulda stayed her ass in florida.
And then we ALLLLL lived in delmar
Buh who want to be your friend
I need an L...or two
Maaaaaan I can't understand anything my cab driver is saying. It really sounds lalalalladingdinglalla ahhhhdingdinglalalalalalaaaaaalala
Conspiracy Theories are always fun to look into! I love reading about! Especially when it's our childhood
I'm literally in shock that Jason Kidd went to Milwaukee.
Waiting for the day I stop sounding like a child on the phone lol
At least close the gap.
tienen a Dzeko y no tienen a nadie que sepa tirar un buen centro...
mckennas good night text was the cutest thing ever
Driver singing in his own language...what are you singing about!
The house alarm went off while I was shampooing my hair. Does it get more terrifying than that? Imagine hiding from an intruder like THAT...
I lived a long 19 years
I wish I had the balls to express how I feel about every single person. There's very few ppl I can be 100 with. Those are my dudes tho
This is how we roll in Mercia
Forever I will declare that You are good...
Your egos so big that it might leave you bruised
I always say student affairs people are the most supportive people I ever interacted with.
Nothing makes me more mad than knowing a dudes trynna run game on me, I know how it goes.
And my mom is cooking pancit tonight and they're going to drink
i look at pictures of Angelina Jolie at 19 years old and i hope thats me when i turn 19
\": God gave me style God gave me grace\"
Neighbor's daughter came over tonight to tell me her brother died yesterday. On their dad's 85th birthday. So terribly sad for them all.
Idk how lebron wade n bosh came out the game
Dorm life was cool but apt. life better
Can't fucking wait for 2mm man
I need some new friends \/ people to talk to
love to see what u can doo
Not having work tomorrow is the greatest feeling
However, it's gonna be a thunderstorm today. The freakkk.
Don't take my picture again don't care which Kardashian is around. NY isn't LA!
\"I'm going to text him and tell him I'm ignoring him\"
Of cause I need to take steroids all of a sudden -_-
Happy not-really-your-birthday Louis Armstrong. Hear Pops all day on !
late night thinking : tiff bannisters porno fuckin sucked
What's a good website to stream movies?
Would probably sell my soul to have someone crack my back at this moment in time
The fact that my Auntie is like my best friend &gt;&gt;
Chevy's gonna have built in wifi in their cars &amp; trucks!
John's planning a story line for my spandex :c
Cant stand those girls who think they can get any guy or who are just too darn spoiled.
A lot of ppl, Know how to disrespect a person to fight a person,to fuck up ppls lives..but don't know how to heal each other and give advice
And then they wonder why I'm the way I am
Seriously jacoby and johnny did not take a pic together yesterday?!
Turnt with my bros
It's amazing I'm in this maze with you
Really don't give a shit about anything anymore
SO sweaty post , thanks !
I hate when you snapchat someone once and then they're your best friend, like no.
This summer has been boring as shit. Most boring summer of my life.
You know you are in California when there are two Toyota Prius in front of you, and two following you
I always been known I always been 2 on
I think I have bronchitis.. Maybe I should go to the doctors
today my boss wanted me to upload every single picture from the company's website to twitter facebook an instagram like...
if you're my friend on snapchat then you're my friend
Dead silence in a freezing dark house with nothing but the sound of the rain ugggghhhhh I love it
Mission peak in the morning. Gita be asleep 15 min ago
Ooo you're just my type, everything's so right.
Don't miss those that don't miss you.
I wonder if I can talk my boyfriend Into going to the drive ins this weekend to see The Fault In Our Stars
This is why I fuck with my Yeezy playlist lol
And you weren't special til I made you so
One of the best nights consist of good friends, funny memories and a fire
about to start eating better and living better
well we're all in the mood for a melody and you got us feeling alright
The brain surgeons next to us starting chanting \"World War Champs\" after that goal. After a Jermaine Jones goal. *soulpalm*
LAST TIME I WENT THROUGH THAT THE DOG BARKED AT THE CAR BEHIND US HAHAHA
Soon as my patnah gets this flyer the promo begins tough!! Leh go!
And the day gets even worse
I swear you're so fucking ignorant it's actually DISGUSTING
Alright.. Guess I'm not sleeping today
how are my sister and her friend already in the pool..it's way too early??
Someone hang out with me and tonight
I've been told I resemble and
Being born on the 4th of july is so American, so jealous of everyone who is
Good work getting chances tho
Too young for him they told her, waitin for the love of a travelin soldier
fwb could be the worst thing or the best thing so be careful
If I don't think about it then I don't realize how much I miss Rossy. If I do think about it, I want to cry.
Traded horrible Red Sox seats tonight for great seats to the Rays game Tuesday and extra cash. Bitter sweet...
When they need a favor, who do they call?
How do I find the vertex of a parabola :(((((((((
Checked score: 22-6 Heat. Checked again: 39-35 Spurs. Uh, wow? The gap between these teams is wider than anyone thought.
RIP HAMSTER. Although you did not adapt to the college life very well w\/ the whole 2 broken legs thing, we had fun. Bye.
I forgot to cancel my usual friday work alarm and now I can't go back to sleep ): !
HOLY CRAP WHAT A STRIKE
El anhelo de todo un pueblo, secundada por el esfuerzo y sacrificio d sus jugadores!!
If meek performs all hellll is getting throw around my house
Instagram is a liar
I have ze hiccups
I'm headed home.... I'm almost there
Nice job Costa Rica, Greece didn't deserve it.
I'm one foot out
ATTENTION: There has been a manny luna spotting on highway 101 north
I met her when she was a dime and turned into a quarter
Why is Blue October happening to me right now.
Beijing to Shanghai to Wuhan to Shenzhen. After making Hayward's business case for direct foreign investment, I'm back home.
Alot of ppl sing and dance buddy
Am I wrong if I just order dominos rn idk man
Tequila and le awards. About to make some fries lol
The finals were a joke this year
I want Starbucks
If she bad I tell her park it imma hit it like a target
Not much of a custom launcher guy, but giving Yahoo Aviate a try on my Nexus 5 and I'm enjoying it so far. Gonna try for a couple of days...
I don't think ANYTHING gets me more pissed then when someone lies to me about something stupid af and petty. Why tf lie?
Going to try this new fangled contraption call . Trying to stay up with the times.
If I see one more Portuguese flop...
SHAWN IS AT NUMBER 8 HOLY FRICK
the school year went by pretty fast
Just a reminder for those talking about : Jesus does not win via US Supreme Court decisions. He won by defeating death.
I'm so happy to be home to drink some freaking water omg
This is my life Homie u decide yours
If You Not Present During My Struggle, Don't Expect To Be During My Success. Get Stepping Lame Ass Niggas
I'll worry about exercising next week .
The song timber was stolen from a 1978 song, the original artist just won a lawsuit against pitbull for 3 million dollars
I liked the cross ring for the cremation jewellery I liked the light house b Cruz it looks like nanny kind of afraid I might break it
For some odd reason waking up early in the morning feels good ?
My car is fixed, it's like a real car now!
Your religious freedom to tell women what to do. Sure.
I'm not a 5SOS fan sorry :(
\"Another thing, when I said I was new Black...\"
It needs to get hot my baby ready to hit some water parks
Teen Wolf is on, don't bother me lol
yay i finally got a job interview
so dois dentes de cima e de baixo...olha que eles nao tem nada so estao senciveis
I'm new to tweeting did u get this
Its not the world that I hate, its me, but thats because of the world....
Orange is the New Black. Why is it so good!!!!
I always sleep next to someone.. It's essential.
I look so wide in my dads clothes
Don't ever tell me I ain't grown I never seen you provide an actual home
What a fucking goal by Dempsey!!!
Moving out today :) Doing a lot of running around.
me: let's work out\nsis: okay let me wash up\nme: wait why? what does working out mean to you..?\nsis: breathing works out your lungs \nme: ....
Desean spittin game on live tv
Yoooo my nigga that's the fake cry I evaa seen.. Ya seen that shit
Buy me Bears stuff so I know its real
I love late night discussions about nat wolff
Omg this movie is too scary!!!
I want it to be 10:15 tomorrow so I can just crawl back in my bed and watch one tree hill :)
The have been fun to watch this whole series. Basketball at its purist. Congrats to them.
Coffee cake is the only real reason to live
School is fucking stressing me out can u not just send me my damn report card?
Haha omg I am so good at finding shit out. Call me
About to pop one of my moms perks and go to bed, my tooth is killing me bro
Do you think they tape down their boners?
Frosted animal crackers are life
um???? just found a half-empty water bottle in my backpack while i'm sitting in the gate which means that it went through security
When people subtweet you and it has nothing to do with them lol
Move tf around don't come back around
Dont care if Its Stupid, I heart teen Wolf
right now it's all about athletes and athletics
Truth is... If I had cared about you at all I wouldn't have done it in the first place
Even is a huge she knows all the words
gnight bbys dms until I fall asleep.
Very late, but we finally saw Man of Steel. Great movie with a neat Christopher Reeve Easter Egg.
The song Fiya Wata makes me nostalgic for the 70's, out of all fucking decades
why am i watching pretty wild for the first time? this is the best thing i've ever seen.
A guys number one way to get pissed off is when u read message and don't respond....it pisses us the fuck off
calla y no me digas nada,si quieres seguirle a la tentacion dejate llevar por la situacion!!
are those holiday countdowns on Facebook like it's the millennium ball drop part of a social experiment or just plain obnoxious?
I rarely ever express myself or my emotional feelings so when I do, the last thing you should do is make me feel stupid for doing so.
I just want to know how bad I did on AP Euro
anybody know when the Feelin' It music video will be out?
I really want to watch Transformers on Friday
Boutta smack tf outta this nigga on black ops
Ladies night and I'm so excited.
The truth will set you free
\": It makes me sick to my stomach how quickly things change\" RFT
Tbh Bosnia is nice af
All a Virgo wants is to feel useful and loved. We need affirmation and admiration more than most signs.
My puppy won't fall asleep unless I cuddle her and I'm 100% okay with that
Alguien que me escriba por MD , porfa estoy aburrida ....
It's always that one mf that lie about stupid sht
it's so hot i'd wanna voluntarily do the ice bucket challenge
I need to be home with a green tea lemonade
Lol Miami ain't looking so good
Greece wants it real bad they get an A for effort
USA looking official!!!!!!!
Idk how people can abuse animals. I literally cant imagine hurting my sophie girl. I luhhhhh dat bitchhh
very few people who can actually pull off septum piercings
Probably the best worst field op.
I HAVENT SEEN THIS SHOW IN SO LONG OH MY GOSH
Ghana is going to tie it. I know it.
And yes, I'm sorry to interrupt WC viewing and listening... ;-)
Omg came to the nude beach. So many vaginas and penises I didn't not want to see
walked 10 blocks the wrong way before realizing that I was lost
Over all of the roadway construction and traffic lately
ain't no chill in this
Happy bday to my dude have a good one bruh
My grandma sucks so much a driving
\"we already committed murder we might as well rob his ass\" -brenda, scary movie
59' Danny Herrerra takes an outside the foot shot from 20 yards out but it's saved by the keeper!
Either it's my imagination or there's more people riding the trains late at night. Or has 12am become the new 6pm?
tbh ive never been so out lightskined like this in my life
My mom really asked me to straighten all her hair this about to take all night
Fingers and toes crossed we get this apartment!
You know you're reckless with technology when your shit is cracked but you're at the store paying for someone else's screen to get repaired
.Wise move asking some serious trick questions other night w\/ Almost had to offer you my spot out of shame!
How come all the guys released there merch at the same time... I'm going cray cray... lmao
Lana Del Rey could make a song about happy stuff and make it sound so sad.
Really don't wanna attend this dinner tonight man
Great day at Jones Beach.
Lmfao your 22 and a straight pussy. Come see me any day when your not hiding in your car
Arianna is the funniest person alive , she always got me laughing
I LIKE THIS HOUSE AND I LIKE THIS CITY IM FREAKING PISSED
Nigga was with that fufu lame I remember I talked shit and he got butthurt bcs I said he had an ugly nose
\"Quote of the day\" mom- Steven can you please find a gf and get married so I can have grandchildren before I die. :\/
I'm up &amp; family has invaded my palace
Esos buenos dias ,esos te amo de sorpresa, esas declaraciones de amor nunca fueron una ridicules fueron lo que lleno esta llama de amor
I have the worst headache Rn.
Bahah anna gained like 20 followers bc i posted a pic w her &gt;&gt;
\": My best friend literally hates my existence sometimes... LOL. \"\n\nYes I do.
so here's the plan:\n1) sit in this dairy queen\n2) try not to cry\n3) feel like nothing will ever fucking get better\n4) eat a blizzard
Ed Sheeran's cover of stay with my has me hysterical right now
Shout out to the ugly bitches
I don't know about you but Nutella, is seriously my weakness. That taste is everything mmm
Why am I closing tomorrow !
At my grandpas grave with
I get it. Sometimes people hold you back by group their problems with you
More action from the team
WHAT ARE YOU DOING 4 AMERICA 2DAY?
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl
If this game ends ina tie im gunna be tight
two cops just pulled up on me and yanka under the bridge the one time we weren't doing anything illegal!! HAHA FUCK THE FEDS
Celtics put one past the keeper making it 5-2 Roos
Shades of cool.
Sometimes I wanna live in jst I can sneak out like the old times
killed it such a soulful performance !!
I wanna go down the shore.
Now You See Me is such a badass movie!!!! I luv magic
26 days this is unreal
Alemania ha cambiado su estilo de juego. Puro tiki taka ahora.
Lol I always pull or play wit Sydney's hair
I just spent 2 hours looking a random countries and cities on google earth
that nose! Set it and forget it!
FUUUUCK YESSS!!!! GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL
I've never seen such a fucked up as family. lol
I just act like a bitch 24\/7
Get ready guys only days Ms. Hershey is going to let us eat is tomorrow and Tuesday.
I can't deal with this heat, I don't belong here
WHY ARE YOU ACTING LIKE THIS?
USA MOTHER FUCKASS
Getting ready for my little cousins game.
\": I wont go the extra mile for someone who wont give me the time of day\"
I've been here before a few times..
Unfollowing everyone fav this so you won't be unfollowed !
Idek what anyone's tweeting about lmao
Set the the fucking tone of the game
So happy that my handsome Mr.Rufus is home!
Soccer(football) always been my life and it will always will be.
KSJC 041453Z 00000KT 9SM FEW009 17\/13 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP139 T01670128 52010
Now on bart and just thinking of what a crazy ass day today has been.....Life really is fragile
Still honestly in disbelief that Spain's eliminated with that stacked up roster
Erika is the friend the steals all the blankets &amp; lays on you all night
Just leaving work: Very excited to have two days off in a row -- haven't had this kind of luxury since the end of May. Can't wait to veg!
He tried out my penny board and absolutely loved it
I have my first three shifts scheduled as a head cashier in two weeks two are opening weekend days and one's middle of the day on a Friday):
i'm about to be so sad if this storm makes my power go out.
Everyone say your final goodbyes to Alyssa and Molly.
Blood is thicker than water. You'll realize that when you leave for college.
I hate packing. Especially since I always wait till the last minute to do it.
It's on and off raining on the 4th of July...this weather sucks.
And now that I'm on my way back to LI I'm starving
I'm so bored
Everyone in the breakroom looking at me like I'm nuts but I don't give a fuck. GOALLLLLL
\"Here's the thing, when your obsessing about something like that there's generally a reason.\"
most females have a high school musical radio on pandora
A picture is worth a thousand words... lol
Young savage nigga. Steal the girl from underneath your arms. Yeaa I give it up like that ...
There's literally only like 5 cars in the parking lot
My dog jst left my room to go to my sisters ... trader
He leaked the tape , PERIOD
you mad or naw?
That's how you start it!!!
I feel sorry for your lost soul.
Some people are just born
Hey guys lionel messi is really italian
Just realized how un-American my tractor is on the Fourth of July. It doesn't have a cupholder
We should unite as a nation and \ntweet\/boycott the Kardashians.
\": chicken hut in durham\" I thought those were only in NY
if a guy has moved on to another girl and doesn't want you any more.. you just have to deal with it
How and why are my legs black and blue and sore
Birthday in 15 days Yo . My \"get together\" gna b da video shoot haha
Do something today that your future will thank you for
We are only in Connecticut and rich has already taken away my radio privileges... Help.
It's funny how LeBron was like follow my lead, everybody went the other section
One day I just want my phone to talk for me
The lighting needs to stop, I'm going home from work soon and I refuse to go outside when it's lightning.
Back to sleep. Allez Les Bleus!
\"Harry potter becomes a communist\"
I hate negative vibes !
My father just said he wants a website called bigblackbootyhoes *dramatic pause* .com
Just got my palm read in soho and probably the most exciting thing is that she said was that I'm going to find my true love young
Everyone came to this BBQ with they boo like boi
Totally forgot that was in Iron Man 3! Surprise!
Worst 10 hours *
I think kawhi should win mvp imo
This nigga just got me working my ass off every morning now
a guy I met on tinder 2 years ago but never hung out with just retweeted my ex so uh I think its time to log off for the night
Why is it so hard to find scrubs
I think should be the next coach of the . All right guys \"BALL SO HARD, MOTHER****''S CAN'T FIND\"!
A picture will not give you good luck. A picture will make you think that having more soda than you thought is good luck.
I don't want to be you're rebound when you realize you have three friends
Happy the spurs are going to win . Sad my bro doesn't get to fly back to Miami, but if melo goes to Miami next year the heat beat whoever.
I love Katy perry holy shit !
I just wish I could stay here forever
Seriously why am I having the shittiest night
Also that tweet is gonna get lost on all y'all that don't know who anamanaguchi is.
I hate when I leave NY come back and a girl turned into a thot over 3 months of me gone c'mon shun really smh
It's annoying when I see guys with half their shirt on, like ok make a decision it's either on or off
Messi's ready to show the world what he can do
Bout to watch in a bit!!! I'm so excited!!! Omgomg!!
I've been spending the last eight months thinking all love ever does, is break and burn and end.
my attitude dead on 3hunna right now. ask me why. I don't know.
Sabotage by Wale is my freakin jam. So many feels listening to this, is that weird?
Boutta just go to wal mart and buy myself cereal and other food cause no ones home &amp; this is weird
Those aren't walking shoes, Andi
SOMEONE JUST ASKED ME WHAT SHARKNADO IS wAT
Ugh the fact I have to drive 45 minutes home tm from my dads at 6 am yay
\"Damn. I don't wanna eat this. It looks so beautiful\"
Listening to the game on the radio and yelling in my car on 476 on my way back to school
Ugh I hope I get a good score on both
date tonight :)
I like that money baby money baby money baby money baby money baby
Imma do it to ya !
Finished Orange is the New Black today.
\"I will say every swear word in the book, but you'll never hear me say f-a-r-t\" -my 81 year old grandmother
I can honestly say last 2 fights I got into I wasn't looking for a fight, they were, but I was about it? I o e n o
Eating @ 1000 degrees pizza with my rollies.. Shits bangin..
I think I'm vicious because I feel like if I'm constantly nice that I'll be taken advantage of &amp; wronged alot.. Which is true from my past
I have 2.5 hours to kill. I'm right by H&amp;M. I DON'T KNOW YOU GUYS I'M CONFLICTED
Bumping Shakiraaaaa lmao
Does blasting Led Zeppelin count as patriotic music? Or do I need to stick to American Pie?
Lol Alex Song
I feel so bad for the Heat, such a sad way to lose in the finals
All u coons enjoying BET awards :)
Going to sleep at 8 o'clock was the best decision I ever made
Just ran over a raccoon :( I'm really sorry RIP in raccoon heaven
This insomnia is crazy .. I'd still be raving right now in Vegas if it was the weekend .. It's only 3:22 am in my head
The Killing is a plot twisting and turning machine. Good watch!
I LOVE SO MUCH IT PAINS ME AS MUCH AS TFIOS
If my sister says she lost a pair of $200 beats that I bought her, I'll stab her to death in her sleep.
Now is really not a convenient time to be hungry... Stomach plz contact me again sometime tomorrow morning and I will get back to u then thx
I need some earphonesss
You tryna see who you can shit on \n\nI'm tryna see who I can't put on \n \nWe will never be equal ..
People who recognize me in my neighborhood: the sushi delivery guy and the blood work lab techs.
I can't subtweet cuz he's not on twitter
No. 13 is a lucky Number!!! Goal!
I was in the 9th grade smoking weed after class
what makes it a date... cause people now a days just ask do you want to hang out
To the ticket\/gate manager, thank you for getting me an awesome seat and getting me boarded so quickly!
You hide behind this \"bad bitch\" mask, but I know deep down inside you're hiding your self-consciousness.
I'm taller than Dave Franco and Zac Effron this is sad
\": Headache from all mother of hell\" chocolate milk and a plate of pasta with butter and cheese. Your welcome. :-)
Was just called a stuck up cunt on the LIRR \n\n(Maybe I shouldn't have called her a trashy version of snooki)
Farewell New York, until we meet again
Smart money betttinn I'll be better off w|o you
What a game!
Maybe This Time will ALWAYS give my goosebumps
Goalies have roughly 80 milliseconds to react to a penalty kick moving on average 70 mph.
An amusing offseason and free agency start tomorrow.
are kids aloud in the cemetery ..?
All I wanna do Is ride around In a ol school
It's weird knowing that after this summer I won't be going back to school.
Got up to shit I've been here for 43 minutes listening to set from EDC las vagas
Starbucks is great when you need wifi. Not so great when you use the wifi to watch OITNB. It's really really awkward, actually.
Lmfaoo what was life last night
Anyone else find as boring as watching paint dry...
I hate people who smoke. Ew.
I keep dancing till the morning with somebody new
honestly yeah getting out of a long term relationship is really fucking hard but hey fuck it man, life goes on as much as it hurts. FUCK IT
I'm just gonna get drunk. By myself. K. See y'all later.
Feel like I'm stuck in jail
My Ray Bans still haven't came in the mail I have no patients reasons why I don't like ordering online
After three nights of falling asleep snuggled up to the , my Bklyn queen bed seems all wrong.
Ily Dempsey plz be okay bby
spontaneously buying essie's apricot cuticle oil was the best decision of my life
I will never understand why some people are so pressed about what someone else is doing with their own life
Now a days you can't figure out if you heard fireworks or a gunshot
I pray the heat lose this game
First five minutes were great but now I'm back to shitting bricks.
OMG PLEASE SOMEONE POST SOMETHING FUNNY SO I CAN REPLY WITH THIS MEME!!!
all i want for my birthday is a big booty hoe
Wait why am I not at LBL? Oh cause I just got out of work. -.-
i did hustle and communicate w\/ those guys, but thats where i was ... never joined ... yuk
Thats why you dont love these hoes!
I don't have any fucking friends
Walking outside for four minutes in New York right now is essentially the equivalent of jumping in the East River.
babe hit me asap
I would like a breakfast burrito, please and thank you.
This A 22dollar plate you ain't on it
Now she's on my lawn petting my dog. If she steals my dog I am going to call SWAT
The tiny human is craving nachos
I'm so close from home!
Hey Alan! Thanks for the life hacker U article. I used the nursing free lectures for school!
According to guys everyone is their cousins smh
I ask my mom one thing &amp; she'll tell me a whole lecture. So is that a yes or no?
Pretty girls glance at us status inconceivable
AY MR WEST WE SO OUTTA HERE BABY
Typical Canadians losing their kids in the mall
Con tan poco se conforman queridos, que poca ambicion tienen.
I be in the trap with the young niggas
People think I get what I want because it's given to me but like............no
El jueves USA vs Alemania y Ghana vs PORTUGAL
It's sad that ii care more about my Jordan's getting wet than my Michael korrs shoes :..
Watching film outside of has been fun today!
When the fuck does the EL carnival start
Bitch made my ice coffee milk
I wanna play man hunt this weekend.
I let you down, let me pick you up.
Stuck In Love is a great movie
I have like no homies to kick it with anymore.
Kinda upset im not gonna see scotch for the next two days
Alright I'm dedicated enough to get up early to workout before the USA Germany game so I know you all can get up and watch it too
This scene was scripted to lowest PITS OF HELL! Bye Stevie and Joseline.
I just need one kiss from you then I'll be good as new.
Can't believe I'm fucking missing money in the bank!!
The first time I listened to Acid Rap it was magical
This is definitely going to be one of the most attractive games so far
That nike employee had the biggest booty I have ever see on this damn planet
too much lurking &amp; not enough working.
I feel like when I'm older I'm not gonna have any cool stories to tell about my childhood...
Wow someone else told me i sound thirsty
\"After you got what you wanted, nothing was ever the same .\"
I wanna go night fishing right now
Wowwwwwwww 1-1 that was a ninja kick
I'm still boning up on my skills on Texas Hold'em
I dubb who ever I feel the need to my friendship is a privilege tuh !
Me &amp; my squad find out EVERYTHINGGGGGGG literally.
I'm most excited about coming back on so I can see some of the most attractive men I've ever seen every Monday night.
A good time includes jumping and singing guilty pleasure songs with my best friends
\"We talked about Product Hunt in our Partner meeting today. Couldnt believe how may folks wake up w\/ your site as their 1st stop of the day\"
Can we have The Challenge EDM twitter version yet?
If my hamster dies.. I would not enjoy my summer..
Dinner while this update installs and then time for a quick update.
Sam got a Tom shaped sunburn. What a dad.
It just had to be Dempsey
please God give me one more day.
law abiding citizen may be one of the best movies ever made
I ALMOST SCREAMED, I THOUGHT YOU WENT BLONDE
My house is extremely creepy when everyone is asleep. Dark and too quiet.
Its not hard to make me laugh tbh
I want this og blade this guy wants 180 where can i get 180
does dom even tweet on her own or does she just rt everything on the planet???
New Whip in 2 weeks niggas is never coming home b
I want a baby penguin
Parker taking over!
ITS TOO HOT IN MY ROOM HELP
Right now i am with my brother,my cousin,and my two grandmas and we are in san jose stuck on the freeway.the car broke down.
lol im jus tryna help yall out.
What the hell is with this menu sliding in from the left shit?
''No es mi novio pero por favor no respire cerca de el, gracias''.
Pls help a sick girl out and get me sum daiquiri ice cream from b&amp;r pls
Back on that netplay grind before CEO. Doesn't help that add extra pressure on me to not fuck up! D:
Why does Papovich never seem happy?\n\"We won the championship but we gotta play harder!!\"
A Google I\/O iria ser quando mesmo ? Acho que era essa semana.
Elon Musk is the man. Tesla opening up their patents is awesome.
Like as if we were all going to dip into the bag and grab a wet egg and eat it
Spurs did there thing
Got liked by on for my pic of plants on my fire escape - is the new ?
Don't even know what to do when im not talking to you tho
This is not the 4th of July I want
Never imagined id still feel like a giant loser at 25.
There is absolutely nothing you can make up where a nurse can't quintopple it. That's a five-times topping.
If you can do math while you're on you're a genius in my book.
16 minutes! Fastest pizza delivery ever!
Heart stopped jaw dropped bc Dexter
Guess whos going to Colombia next month?! MEEEE NIGGGAS! :))))
Im on team Ireland for beer Olympics... I'm not even irishhhhhhhhhhh
fug er rit in tha puzzy
it's such a compliment to me when people tell me they enjoy talking to me or that they miss talking to me idk
Should i start my morning with a budweiser?
\": \": \": Im in love. Fr\"same\"same lol\"night time thoughts of it
I was gonna quote that tweet but
Like I can't just subtweet you \"text me\"
3 people screenshot my snapstory selfie and I don't know why?
Wow mother nature sure is testing my patience with this damn weather rn
I've been watching raw since I was a lil girl, it is a tradition. Now I'm living my dream n celebrating wat more can a gal ask for
Disgusting. Where's the red.
Pink flavor for starburst are the best one
The only thing keeping my going is that i'll be in San Diego Saturday to watch YSC aka Young Skull Club rip the stage at Body Rock Juniors
You keep saying you a freak, are you gunna prove it or nah ?
I'm literally disgusted in myself that I let it get to this
I should deck this nigga right now
Cant wait for my sessions next week .. Lemme slow down and enjoy my time off though
Feliz que en este mundial no hay vuvuzelas
What doesn't kill you only makes you blonder my heels &amp; my hotel they just got taller somethin' but platinum
Went out for a ride in the jeep.. Then it ran out of gas
THIS IS GOING TO BE A INTERESTING PENALTY SHOOTOUT.
I just watched the first episode of girl meets world...it's so weird..
Lmao I am having the greatest time on Snapchat today.
And now its NBA time.
Of course \": Are there girls out there that appreciate the nice guys??????\"
Love when someone is too stupid to understand an insult.
Myrtle beach for my bday!
ROMERO TE AMO IGUAL
She said she has a real fear of pitbulls, i said thats too bad.
I love ily
Does the sun rise in the east or west
I wish I knew how I ended up here last night.
The JoJo fandom can basically agree on a lot of things.
Who's coming in the booth with me on July 4th at Pacha?? Closing for Stafford Bros! Also my bday party!!
I need to work tomorrow, lemme get my ass back in the house while I'm not completely high.
Don't you think we have enough problems in the family right now.
Next time my mom answers me with wassup , ima fight her .
Bumi for president! ...aright maybe not.
Let's go team USA! Goal
Happy birthday Ariana I'm so proud of you!!
\"Artists\" come out with everything &amp; anything nowadays.
Let me say it AGAiN: Brooooooklyyyyyyyyyyyyn!
im still here when you're ready to relate, then maybe we can find an escape
Off to the cape with pine creek in my belly! Nothing could be better.
I love Cristiano but dude...
She like her kisses down low. Make her arch her back. When you give it to her slow. Baby just like that.
Really wanted to go to LG tonight.... However parents are too Foreign to be down with that movement, so I'll just chill
No, you gave up on me, don't hit me up.
One dollar admission too but it's first come first serve
\"All Good Things\" The Fruits Of Originality. John Stuart Mill
The weirdest people come to my job;
i want to punch adam jones in the kneecap
Why does mad decent boat party cost more then my 5 night stay for edclv at the mgm? Smh
when: someone lets you into the escalator line, and you repay them by cutting a huge fart right at face level.
the one day a week i go to lunch is the one day everything goes up in smoke
I shall never let me see me sweaT
This is by far the latest and earliest I've ever worked on a show
USA USA USA GOALLLL
Hmmm what color should I dye my hair
Who could the goalie possible be blaming there? You didn't move a muscle asshole.
And now I get to work a double......
Randomly yelling \"I need a butt massage\" and not knowing a stranger is behind you
Haterz if you gonna hate don't bc I'm a good person inside and out
Chris Daughtry's voice in concert is ten times better
Lol yo will Ferrel fucking dum.
Adult Matt Seracen plays for the French national team
My boy Kramer still uses a flip phone.
Victoria gardens , H&amp;M destroyed and In N out next.
Nice shot lol
Awe paragraghs saying sorry and how much you mean to someone is fun to read but. When I'm pissed fuck off
A huge cheer in 'Little Bosnia' St. Louis, Missouri.
I learned about khat as a kid playing Scrabble; the 'qat' spelling was only one of two words in our dictionary starting with q sans u.
Maybe I should start praying again for the sake of thanking God. lol
Why me yeo!
Had a wonderful day at the zoo :-)
Lying on the floor because I'm too sore to get up
\": how did I even hope the wall yesterday honestly\"\nThis foo tweets at himself. Lulz
When USA made that goal my dogs started crying and jumping. I guess their happy too.
I love Catfish the TV show.
Skinscraper crit retains it's name for another year. Hope everyone is alright
Anna : be a strong black woman \nMe : I'm not ! I'm a supposed to be white woman but something went terribly wrong Lmaoo
People are creepy af on ask
On my way home from another very productive day with my young guys. \n
I don't even feel sorry for y'all Mia fans. Cause during the season y'all talk a lot of shit. !!
Michael Beasley I feel it. U haven't played a single game in the playoffs now is perfect to take a pull up jumper
Still pretty upset about how bad the current Flickr iPhone app is. \"Considering switching after all this\" upset.
I must really love my Godlittle, I took the parkway today, all the way to Queens, and I NEVER take the parkway
In Versace drake was like shout out Migos shout out TAY told me one time
Ghana has got to harness this immense pressure and take control
It shouldn't have been a mystery that Pharrell would win. That fucking song was everywhere for MONTHS.
I need them sport blue 3's
I want a malty choco milk tea with egg pudding from serenitea ;n;
I am not doing nothing silly ... As neurology say be equivalent don't put pressure in your brain
Don't think ill be drinking for awhile
Clint stomach goal
To all of my good friend, tucker and dale vs evil is on tv right now greatest movie NA
Watching Dumbo...and wondering why all the heavy laborers had to be faceless, black men. Seriously, ?
But nahh yall are lame and no one is ever down for adventures and journeys
Loved this quote from AJ founder of \"fake it until you make it\"
i just held in my pee for almost two hours i hate my friends and i hate myself goodbye
It's from a song folks. Calm your tits.
New legend of korra on Friday I can't wait, I can't wait.
There is a spa at this airport. San Francisco is truly fancy.
I like Liam's k bye
FUCK YOU PORTUGAL TASTE OUR FREEDOM
Gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll
The American Ballet is just so beautiful
there's some fucked up patches in my hair but I'm fixing it tomorrow okay!! only so much damage in one day so don't comment on its offness
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!!!!
Just keep swimming
Hail it for the king now. Roger Federer! \n
If you follow more people than you have followers, imma judge you.... You thirsty as fuckkkk
USA USA USA USA !
Damn if Namibia wasn't the best time of my life. Go to Namibia y'all.
You have to wear it every time pitches! RT : guess the new cap worked out today!
Skip legday in the offseason = broken legs during season
Aspergers is the new asshole
Am the only whose still pissed off that eating pizza does not make you skinny? It's 2014 !
Ok, ok, we're still here. :) Board members present Yee with bottle of champagne to say thanks.
I am such a city person
Every night a different women fuck your money up
NYC you are ruining and saving my life thank you very much
You're immaturity makes you less attractive
In honor of passing my math final I will get shitfaced tonight
U no how on Facebook chat u can like what someone said they need another one of a middle finger u have no idea how many times I'd use that
I like how when you put in the wrong passcode into your phone, your phone just shakes it's head at you.
You know you made me a promise...
YO JURGEN HAS ME DYIN
Bww is straight hoppin
6. @ a follower you wanna have sex with.
Why is it 64 degrees and still light outside at midnight? I'm confused
Ladisha trying to scare people with thaa header .
I hit it I hit it I hit it first
Smoking blunts and trying to watch every video on
This has been the World Cup of unsung heroes for the US
I'm just going to lay in bed the whole day. That sounds like a plan
I like that commercial a lot lol
Fuck people who think it's okay to leave their dogs in the car in 90 degree weather
Deng or Ariza would solve a bunch of the Lakers problem on the defensive end
A celebrity is worth more money dead than alive , it's the sad truth
2-1 WOOOOOOO BABY WE GOT THIS USA
I simply reply \"No.\" Or \"Yea, I'm gonna miss my dad and Alexxis.\"
Mustangs arent meant for country concerts!!
Winner of challenge is Pie!
I don't get mad. Too much money coming in
The only thing better than Chinese food is leftover Chinese food
Sky's just throwin subs at everyone today god damn
Damn when your snapchat gets hacked it's like over lol
I THINK HE DIDNT THINK I KNEW ENGLISH
El varon de la bachata my uncle
\"The people in this room tonight have the power to prove what is possible if we all work together.\" Kyle Schaffer principal
Nice home run. Lucas Duda.
I need my own spot ready move out
We went from New Jersey to NYC, now were flying to Germany then France them getting on our cruise FINALLY
No work idk what to do now
For the past few months I've learned a lot w\/ nursing &amp; ophthalmology concepts that I know the ways to make myself feel better when I'm sick
Beer runs with mama goose never gets old
I'm falling in love with these Above &amp; Beyond songs that came out over a year ago.
So disappointed in myself. Shouldn't have done that
Can't believe it's Friday already. Where did the days go?
If had but a wristie sun brat id help ya ass im sleepin
Someone's gonna cut my ass if the Heat lose today!
3 years, 6 months, and 3 days since my last in n out burger. It was a good run, but it's too good to not go back to
3 temmuz dan bu yana Fenerbahceliler in en huzurlu uyuyacaklari gece olcak. Tadini cikartmak lazm
Annoyed bc if I snapchat someone once and they end up on my best friend list then see my best friends list they'll know I have no friends
all that matters is if my mom thinks it's right, fuck other opinions.
Let's go USA!!!
Don't need those that don't need you.
wth is wrong with my family
but this argument is just so fucking stupid omfg
I wish I could fucking murder Michael Bay
LETS GET THIS TRENDING SO WE CAN GET THEM DIAMOND CODES
I dont wanna look at a mcdonalds again in my life
Bye Iowa-you were fabulous -Verdant green fields, fab music &amp; friends! Welcomed back by Pacific Ocean &amp; cool dry air!(:
We all shall live in la one day mark my words
Like the ig
\": can be terrible at comforting, but they're great at saying the right words after the person opens up.\"
Oh god, Bill O'Reilly is asking Dennis Miler to \"opine\" on ISIS.
Sometimes my inner lesbian comes out and I just wanna motor boat a broad.
Thinking back to last year at this time, I was in a totally different position then I am now and I'm glad of what I've become into.
Well actually 1 for him 11 for me cause I'm also a gorda.
Traffic in the Bay Area absolutely blows.
Lewis should get his name trending tbh
Birds eye. I got a clear view. You can't see me but I can see you
Aaahhh !! on the show!!
I WAS GOING.TO DO 11:11 90+ ON CHEM
Feel like because I have toned down my attitude when I do catch an attitude it hard for me to get rid of it
I'm hungry but I want ice cream
We were all born the innocent we were born to run carefree
Oh god. Uh, Landon, you busy?
God I love watching Miami lose in the finals
I feel people will only stop doing the things they did at the begining because they've lost interest.
While in Barnes &amp; Nobel I wished TLA: The Search. The question that has been haunting me has been answered &amp;now I need a new life goal
I honestly don't do shit at work
Cheney we got hit on your watch. Thank god we have president with a brain. We have a vice president who also smarter than you. Shut up
my mom just told me she cant wait ti i move out SAME ya bish
I'm not gonna have no life at all after this job
its too early for hate tbh
jacob is hot
Take me to Cole's BBQ in SC so I know its fucking r e a l
Jeep with no doors is actually quite chill on nights like this .
People who don't play sports criticizing injured athletes are ignorant.
Might as well get this laundry done since I'm up
Derek Jeter is 40 today. I remember where I was the first time I heard of him. Also I feel old.
I'm so pale it's not even funny..
that awkward moment when u see someone u know in Jersey Boys
Thank God for the day be thankful stay safe have fun ily guys xoxo
Only at IR does a blackout happen during the graduation ceremony....
Don't tell me you're going to do something when you have zero intentions of doing so. That shit pisses me off.
Officially a fan of just cause he's my mom's driving school student. Yea boiii lol
But I just made a rash decision that I'm moving out in one year:) friends, start saving.
Curving guys left and right today I'm like a pro
What's the point of language if we don't say what we feel?
Marijuana pescription, take shots till end it, losing weight they say im skinny, pushing weight pass my limit
I think the messages on the app are written by
I heard them promise \"till death do us part\"; each word was a pain in my heart...
Hear, hear : \"common core math stands to improve math instruction -- but ONLY with support, training &amp; time for teachers.\"
The lake was much needed today &gt;&gt;&gt;
How is Tiffanie tweeting if she's sleeping!?
\"Thank God it happened,thank God it's over &amp; thank God there is an artifact to prove it was real.I'm not sure I would believe it otherwise.\"
te quiero, por que es la mejor manera de burlarme de tus enemigos
But seriously if you're single don't be that salty ass bitch that hate on relationships. Do you.
If I get one more email right now I'm gonna flip out.
Finding out this shit on my own was shit part.
This rain better clear up like its supposed too ...
I'm preparing for the worst tomorrow when walking into the chem regents.
Yassssss Jhene! She really did that
USA USA USA !
Broadcast dies around the track when it goes to WV. This will be a long race to listen to
Ugh I looked like one of those cool kids favoriting my own tweet. But really my phone did it on its own
This rain is throwing me off.
Haven't been up this early in a while
I'm so deep into my emotions right now...
\"You also know why? Because nobody puts Jay in a corner.\"
Just watched AHS for the first time instantly hooked.
Bitches be like I'm missing my shows cry baby ass
Tell his moms.her baby boy lost his his life to a pipe thats gon break her whole heart have her on the news like my baby so smart
not at all excited for this parade
When you say you need me, know I need you more.
praying to God that my dad gets well soon. Knowing that someone you love is in pain just kills you
In 07 the second best player on the Cavs was DREW GOODEN.&amp; the Heat are basically LBJ, washed up Wade, Bosh &amp; one dimensional 3pt shooters
I've got to come to terms with the fact that I cannot single handedly save the planet by hoarding takeout containers.
Ass so mean that I'm always on her bad side
It's your fault, id say I let this blind me, forlorn in sullen head, suffer your ill intent
Fucking hamstring Altidore don't be hurt badly
Ugggggh Felix taken out after 95 pitches.
Soco lime is my new favorite
This old lady is sweeping w\/ her broom outside, sees me walking &amp; expects me to stop. No I don't, so she just sweeps my feet. The fuck ?
Also, our generation's morals...people def make me question about that too
You were bad in your past now you trying to be good, all that karma gonna come your way regardless.
id have so many more friends if i smoke and drank but that just aint me
Why are so many people in New York City just so mean?
feelin' like a loser, feelin' like a bum\nsitting on the outside observing the fun
I'm striving high for a 66 on chem tomorrow
Im done watching I hope we win ryt now dier I dey fear I can't watch it
AJ BJ CJ DJ EJ FJ HJ IJ JJ KJ LJ MJ NJ OJ PJ QJ RJ SJ TJ UJ VJ WJ XJ YJ ZJ
LeBron sitting out the final half of the fourth quarter?
It's clear that we not equal clear that you niggas faggots I'm the black Marshal Mathers
i can't be friends with someone I'm deeply in love with
Teen Wolf in 4min its a GO
\"Merritt! Is your face dirty or is your face tan?\" Best thing I've heard all day from Sgt Toney
How to make your friend stop snoring: slowly creep across the room; slam a pillow on to their face and sit on it until they stop breathing
my phone would be randomly cracked
Unsure if short, sudden downpour or just very long train passing by
Umm, Cron is pretty strong too!! 2-0 Halos!!
u niggas got yall ass whooped 4 out of 5 games nd barely one game 5
when you gotta take a shit when you have to leave &lt;&lt;
I don't know what it is about you, but my mind is spinning out of control
I really hate you..
Liam Neeson is such a great actor.
My boo is getting her own show so excited can't wait till it premiere
i'm going to be beat to shit after work but i wanna spend my favorite holiday with my best friends, dammit.
So depressing that outlines of college sexual assault scandal is exactly the same as one that got me into journalism 25 years ago.
Big and exciting things coming in the near future for me!
Happy birthday to my favorite Jewish man of all time! drink for Moses!!!!
I'm on boat... Everybody look at me cause I'm sailing on a boat
I laugh because I'm stupid
Too many people are living for compliments, not accomplishments
no one turns up like me and my squad
And I don't know why, but I just want to
Thanks for saving the world for economic and financial meltdown. ~KA
lookin so fresh in the twit piccccc
If you looked in my emails all you see are NCLEX Review, Medical Professionals, Victoria's Secret, &amp; Old Navy..\n
If I ever join a sorority kill me please.
I literally cannot wait for cheer camp I'm so excited
Miley posts some weird things on insta haha
I just will never understand how niggas could be so heartless
howard salvation goes through you!! Thx keep up
Every newspaper headline in Texas tomorrow should just be \"REDEMPTION\"
QUE GOLAZO EL DE DAVID VILLA !
I swear every tweet is about ur bf lol
Anyone down to reach bram on Monday???
YOO I SEENT THAT BEAR
I left my window down and my keys inside. Better watch out for Tucker
It's scary at how similar you two are...
I'll be fine tho. I'm good at picking myself up.
I just cleaned the shit out of my house.
Tooodaayyy!! First Fridays in !! Come by Telegraph Ave and 27th St from 3-8! fooood!!
54' The referee has awarded Pat Ouckama a yellow card for a reckless tackle
Buying an Olaf the snowman phone case cause I can't afford the Moschino McDs one ?
\": Lawyers given green light to scan jurors' social media sites by American Bar Association. Hmm aint that some shit
Seriously, , firing is some weak shit. Grow a backbone.
Islam is such a peaceful and beautiful religion it's just us Muslims that make everything so complicated.
.Or to put it another way, Obamacare is a Rube Goldberg machine version of Single-Payer.
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x49
Who cares about having a prom house or not we are getting fucked up tonight and tomorrow either way, I just want my money back.
A man is held hostage, he is given the choice of execution or to walk out a door.His capture says unimaginable horrors lie outside of it.
Selling 75 GB creds for $50....RT PLEASE...
oh my fucking god im so fucking pissed
Kicked it with my thots today
Corporate America 1, women 0. \": \"Blessed are the corporations, \nfor they shall inherit the earth.\" - Jesus, apparently\"
Well going to sleepp chnging gt first thing tmmrw =)))
I've got a massive freaking headache.
Raquel better keep her mouth closed I know that much.
\": Up until y'all pulled me down &amp; I was in a sea of screaming girls. Twas awesome.\"
Better slide them pots and pans out hoe Lol
doing it for America this weekend
Lol at that time that I thought I was going to be home 3 hours ago and now I'm just chillin until noon like idk
Nah that ariana girl really cool tho. Y'all should follow her, she responds to everyone
I just drained my car battery at the drive in you've got to be kidding me
Hey boy are you a cigarette because you got a hot butt
It's important that if you are seeking out support from faculty and staff, they are receptive.
SLOWEST CHIPOTLE EVER AND THERES NO AC WHY GOD
making jean smile is what I aim for everyday
Won't you tell me why you don't just let her go
When people say wanna smoke a boge for some reason I hear bowl
Like em educated and religious, a lil hood. Juss cause she a bad girl don't mean she aint no good.
Shoo-wop, Shoo-wop\nShoo-wop, Shoo-wop\nShoo-wop, Shoo-wop\n\nShoo-wop, Shoo-wop\nShoo-wop, Shoo-wop\nShoo-wop, Shoo-wop
\"A good board is a victory, not a gift.\" - Cyril O. Houle, Governing Boards.
\": Is face kicking a foul?\" It was last I checked.
it's a half a day and last day of school
Is it raining? or am i trippin lol
No matter what show, Starks are out here getting executed in the worst ways.
I keep so much shit bottled up inside because I don't trust anyone
Sleeping like a toddler tonight, that AC hitting heavy
Every time 'mafia music' comes on I throw my hands around like I'm black
Mom asked me if I'm going out and I was like uhhhh. I'm confused cause last time she didn't want me taking the truck anymore
If i could trade places with one man in this world it would be denzel washington
Girls who have big tits: ass&lt;&lt;tits\nGirls who have a big ass: tits&lt;&lt;ass\nReally though lol
(2\/2) and I appreciate the predicted jesture but save your anime recommendations for someone else. To each his own :)
I cant breathe
Being on a plane tonight would be crazy
Now I'm nervous because of what you said to me lastnight, I'm not having a very good day at all.
Surah Kahf is extremely relevant to current era of trials &amp; tribulations including Dajjal&amp; materialism &amp; how a person can protect themselves
Nothing more i hate then the play by play commentary people post on twitter for every big sporting event
I'm so irritated and annoyed right now.
Pile ons in sports are like the most funniest shit to watch
Cut me pieces while you watched me disintegrate
Showering alone &lt;
my dad is on my twitter and is tweeting random shi* oh my god
my sister gets long cute messages when she doesn't answer her boyfriend for awhile and I get treated like shit.
cold winds are calling out my name
While he's away ima just listen to Sam Smith, rap music, and clean, and be celibate
Then u gotta uhhhhhh then u gottttta uhhhhhhhhhhh
Lol I can't believe I'm sick rn
People are assholes in Santa Cruz wow
My guy french still makin hooks
Home Run for Kelly Jonhson!!!. Yankees lead 3-0. :-)
*Slides into home plate and crowd goes wild* \nHey everybody be quiet for a minute! \n*pulls out phone, dials number* \nHi mom, I got home safe
Somebody buy me strawberitas and make an experiment of the effects of shotgunning them
She looks astonishing in that Mexico jersey
Ppl who actually try and still suck at things
plot twist: hell is a place that smells like a musty old church
This stat explains it all RT There have been 145 goals so far at this World Cup, the same amount as the ENTIRE 2010 World Cup.
But I feel way to mature compared to other people my age.
Sometimes becoming a recluse doesn't sound like too bad an idea at all.
On another note, if someone almost walking into you is the worst part of your day, you're doing ok
Im actually starting to enjoy this summer
Apparently my neighbors are fans now and I'm enjoying them blasting his music
The fact that is having locks without me right now is really making me question her loyalty
It would be really cute if carth would answer me..
You like it cause it trending so u buying it (SUS!) I know the nigga that designed it
Chance the rapper is like frank ocean but better
that feeling you get when someone says theyre gonna do something and never follow thru
It's 7 am and the loudest fucking jack hammering is occurring right outside my apartment
My cousin should have a bonfire for her birthday !
if the weekend jhene aiko and drake made a song shit would get real
I only know like 5 blondes. It's a tragedy
Wth is up with Nick Cannon!
Dad's listening to radio sex in the truck..
Realllllly wanna do something tonight
\": my dick needa get longerrrr\"
Con ETA azarosa waaa coje najayo
Still confused how I woke up without a shirt on even though I clearly went to bed with one on
ugh i want to watch 22 jump street tho
I hate when people Instagram pictures of words... Just make a twitter
The guy checking us in is Henry. It's fate.
My backyard reeks of weed ???
Budget resos pass finance committee 10-0. Now the party continues with full city council!
See what I mean? Didn't do anything but I guess.....
Gonna try to get out early tonight so I can see some of the game
How are these guys not DEAD
Listen girl, there's no point in wearing nipple pasties if you got mosquito bites
Actions deceit just as much as words do . Remember , Judas' kissed Jesus and still betrayed Him .
Lmao there were like 20 different cliques at Joey
and this is exactly why i'm getting away from here.
I don't think anyone was expecting a goal on that. Damn yo.
Have you ever successfully put away chips in your cabinet without first reaching in and munching down a few? I've never!!! :(
Wishing everyone a happy and safe !!!!!
My dude Zack got all the hookups!
I missed all my shows , now i gotta stay up all night just to watch them.
Just preordered the underachievers new album
really don't understand how you could say something like that
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
really want to go laser tagging
I admire her so much for doing all these little things for him. She's a real one.
Sick of eating eggs every morning.
ENSERIO YA UNAS 15 VECES YA EN OCULTO ME CAGO EN TUS MUERTOS PUTA ZORRA DE MIERDA QUE TE MUERAS
Recognize my fast so they're won't be no mistakes
Cuando algo te conviene te conviene asi de simple... :)
Watching celebrity Masterchef whilst on a juice cleanse is torture !!
OMG NO THEY CAN NOT DO THIS. WHERE IS MY DEREK?
why are the Bosnia players trying to be cheeky... they're down by one with two mins left.
Dang. I seriously slept all day.
C'mon Greeks. You beat the Trojans, do you really need the world cup too??
Life's a bitch then you die
Team has done it right - world cup events are amazing. More of this type of experience please!
Image how hyped the world cup would be if usa beat Germany and Mexico beat Holland
FUCKED UP MY EYEBROW WHO GAVE ME TWEEZERS
Imma run to her and lie right to her face
THERE WAS ANOTHER ALIEN ENCOUNTER IM NOT JOKING
Tired but with these kids here, no point on trying to take a nap -.-
Earth to echo movie cancel tonight stupid rain ruin our Fourth of July tradition. Oh well tomorrow it is...
le hable a Rocio y me contesta a las mil y 500
I lovvve marina so much, I can't with her!
I think everyone will be failing the Chem regents tomorrow.
Bgrl doing video for me whooy
Special thanks on Americas birthday to my brothers who are two badass Marines . Couldn't be more proud of them for what they have done\/do
Lily just purely ruined teen wolf for me
VIVA LA TEEN WOLF IN MEXICO
how they go on commercial in the middle of her performance that's mad disrespectful LMFAOOO
I will always rt 0-100 lyrics
I think I'm a Pisces is my favorite song....
569 you're gorgeous and such a sweet person
it's hard for me to want to have friends when most of them are fake as fuck looollllllllllkkkkkk
FUCK YOU PORTUGAL
I'm in disbelief I missed it
It's weird not seeing Shan Anna and Jenna everyday and I don't like it
Never trust a nigga who wears dirty Air Force Ones. They'll steal your shit.
Sext: come to Eloise's funeral and cry with me
What a shitty 4th, well off to work then drinking.
Why do I always manage to fuck up
Jake Owen is prettier than any girl ever.
The thought of going back to Omaha makes me sick lemme purposely get in trouble with the law so I have to stay here lmao
When Jesus says yes nobody can't say no
I was just told I have beautiful feet. On the subway. Why yes, he did smell of booze and was talking to himself beforehand.
Is this the World Cup or a mediocre high school soccer game?
I just want to start thinking about myself from now on
Sonny Milano has nice hair flow
THAT WAS SICK
Good morninggg (:
Why is playing at 6 in the afternoon..... Like what
ya really mad cause Beyonce not as poppin as ya think !!
Bye bye Eclipse. Hello 40mpg.
Bra Opare gyae saa...na y3 ni abre
Enrolled @ city sports. LETS WORK OUT
Told these hoes id be back around June
First day as the pool manager at the Garden City Pool.
Today was judging Mickey Surdo and she is the champ. She eats 34 hot dogs.
Get me out of this damn car
Got home at 6 in the morning, and I didn't even attend a trance event
\"I'm yours\" will forever be one of my favorite songs
Love NBA free agency!!! I hope the Rockets make me proud !!
i wanna nap wit ba
You're shaking that money maker, like a heart breaker, like your college major..
\": SKYLAR RAE WHITMORE\" shhhhhhhh nobody can know alright
Come get it bae
I hold a grudge like it's nobody's business
I'm liking the Latin American success in this WC
I see you coming for more
Real ass friendships or relationships don't need to be broadcasted long as yall know what yall have
USA USA USA GOOOOAAALLLL
Jones with the equalizer!!
Need 2 curl in ball and cry
I have no day off till next Friday but that's only from one job and I KNOW ihop is gonna make me work that day too
Everyone's sitting with their friends but ya see I kinda hate 97% of you so there's that
I seriously know you like the back of my hand lol
I wake up every night without fail. Wide awake could go swim in a lake
Do white People watch the BET awards ?
I hate when my texts don't send on time
Omg snap chat me :) paidfull_chyna
Smh i hate a dick pic ass nigga... foh roach
Jermaine Jones, gooooooooooooaaaallll
Everyone only 1 hour left to watch my 130 second snapchat story of the beautiful rockin out so get to it.
What the fuck are they gonna do with the rest of the card on Sunday
What do you do when you have to workout but you don't want to workout cause you're sore and lazy
Just hangin' with my auntie on this fine Wednesday evening.
Mmm nothing sucks more than going to bed and not knowing what will happen when I wake up
When my sister try's to borrow my makeup
These little kids don't know what to do with themselves...
descobri que o gus mora no Brooklyn
\"I wanna do you so hard, you look like an exploded hot pocket when we're done.\" - Peter Griffin.
Everybody mad because Shawn hit number 1 &amp; y'all saying that he doesnt deserve it? BISH WHET BYE
Am I wrong is being beyond overplayed on the radio. Liter the second \"Get Lucky.\"
The way he talks to me honestly is the worst bc he makes me fall in love and he has a gf
Lmao I be wanting to know what pussy feels like sometimes
They don't love you no moreeeeee
I miss Baekhyun \nBut I'm afraid to see him in a public event orz \nFighting fighting boys
Keisha cole always in her feelings
(Addendum: I really wanted to subtitle my book \"Metropolitan Journalsim in the Web Era\" b\/c I do think it is an era w\/ all that implies).
this morning feels like lifetimes ago.
I hate sluts, whores and hoes all together. I love sluts, whores and hoes but not together.
That was an American drone strike at the hearts of the Portuguese.
wish i was going 2 see FREEDOM tomorrow
Yo steak with bananas is about to be my new shit
This is my 3rd burrito in one week
I smell betrayal
Wtf to do for Lexi's bday
oh and lol at the fact tbat i broke my phome tn
I got real love for the ppl that got real love for me
Help wanted at Gunther's on walnut grove
the worst part of the movie Big is waiting for him to get big and also when he gets unbig
Y'all really don't think I'm a man
I find it funny that ive swiped right with all of my female friends on Tinder and have yet to get a match...you guys are assholes.
let me reread Looking for Alaska now that it's gonna be a movie
SOMEONE GIFT IT TO ME CMON I GIFTED $13 WORTH OF JACOBS COVER
I hate how I have so much hair
What an absolutely brilliant goal by Messi
does anyone want to go surfing next week?
God Holland is so heart eyes.
I really can't with some people...
When is comin back to NY? Summer Jam wasn't enough lol.
If u could see
If anything, a second blunt would be nice fuck a hug
On that note... If anyone knows of any open two bedroom apartments in SF let me know!!!!
Its whatever tho yo.. My nigga needs me
Ya n el estado Jardin NJ ya mismito soltamos el Trailer y pa Casita segurrro
lie to me, lie to me, lie to me so sweet.
The US scores in the first 35 seconds and I receive a refund check from the doctor all within 5 minutes...definitely not complaining
And I'm in love of being Queen let me live that fantasy ...
I need a ride to this party
I like purple hair girl, whats her twitter name?
Sorry but if you're gonna break news to people through social media you never have had an never will have balls.
PewDiePie and painting for the rest of the night
LaTroy Hawkins for a third straight day? Please score insurance runs
The thing is, after all these years, I still fucking love you.
I wouldn't mind living where there's snow
never in a million fucking years would I think that id actually get hit by a car on grand ave and spend all morning in the hospital..
Happy 4th everyone. We are open for dinner tonight starting at 5pm. See you then.
my mom asked me to make her a twitter ..
Klinsmann and Loew should just come to an agreement for a draw tomorrow. Everyone wins.
Otra cosa un verdadero \"hombre\" nunca habla mal de una mujer ;)).
Very cool event! next year we bring some start-ups to showcase
you ever smoke weed outside at night, hear an odd noise and point your light to the woods next to you?
Editing self-love posts &amp; reading self-love comments makes me reflect on my own self-love journey, &amp; that makes me happy. :)
the part in Titanic where Rose gets really dramatic and decides not to get on the life boat is so empowering
\"You are the designer of your destiny; you are the author of your story.\" ~Lisa Nichols
We got the best room here at Tachi palace
Fuck this hurricane I'm still getting drunk tn
I'm the queen of the goodnight booty pics to friends.
I got money on the cavs
Retweet if you will miss Vickie Guerrero!
.Everyone but you knows this SnottyB, even after I told you ten times. MayB U should concentrating on finding a job?
I like genuinely nice people. They make me happy.
fuck U.S. customs and border protection
Huyu dialogue ni nani? ako popular
I want to be the only girl he ever holds in his arms I'm in love and it hurts because he's not
THAT is how a nation with 11 supercarriers fucking SCORES
If someone wants to be my friend tn n give me plans plz
Out to see \"Snowpiercer\" tonight at Anjelika Film Center. Haven't been here in ages.
I like to imagine Chris Archer sounds like H Jon Benjamin
Houses of the Holy is my fav Led Zep album.;)
\": -- me Too. I might go too Sahara Sams.\"ik,my mom was talking about it But I need something to do tonight
Although, well deserves goal
Don't get me wrong the indie scene is great but nothing bugs me more than these copycat bubblegum bullshit bands
I feel like I'm not getting any drunker
hate seeing porn on my tl take that somewhere else.
I'm 1 on 1 with your favorite lady i'm in her house like central air.
.is speaking truth to power on . \"What do you expect from a court that hides behind 250 feet?\" Love that!
Germany 2-3 Portugal\nNigeria 2-0 Iran \nGhana 1-2 Usa\nPDpredictor
Burn that shit down. These hoarders scare the crap out of me.
I want a mango pinapple smoothie from McDonald's
Ready for the game?
i'm sad and i don't know why
Rager Wednesday. Text me for the address. 5184959084
Someone shrink the size of my Nikon DSLR so I can actually take it outside more often
Today was long af but very productive
I swear today was the best ..
Why give a bitch an inch when she'd rather have nine?
We all have free will to do whatever we choose, Right?
Happy Game Day. God Bless America
bring to 1.1 million .1mil
I know you wanna be my main chick, my main chick
Can you look up blubber nuggets?
I'm not good at bringing up things because I never remember them... :\/
Thank you to my mom for being strict.
Also, my sister recorded my reaction to so... at least there's that
I think it's bc my eye brow game is weak
I am a proud slytherin and my Harry potter sleeve is definitely going to reflect that
thats really ashame tho. im 18, why i dont no how to Drive?
Pissed I don't bring my longboard to Rhode Island I've been stuck in a hotel for 4 days
Today was my day off from the gym but I differently need a sesh tonight lol. Fucking spurs
White girls at the Irish pub are singing \"Don't Stop Believing.\" Calm down, it's not that kind of bar girl.
More concerned about my ezoo ticket and school schedule than anything else....
Lebron throws in the towel with 6 minutes still the play
I love you in a very naughty way my !
Shaun said that nut shit on the phone
ugh ''my life''
Niggas forget wear they come from,i cum from my penis
when it rains, \nI just want belly rubs\/ someone to play with my hair\/ &amp; malicious intent. \nthats normal, right?
My phones so dry it makes me want to cry
Ate half a bag of gummy bears now I feel sick
Them Sixflags checks did use to be popping every Friday. And I was under 18 so I spent my money on any and everything
Finally in Lk. George, NY. Spent today shopping &amp;visiting Adirondack on . Gorgeous &amp; well thought out. Cool exhibits!
Congrats your 2014 National Champions. Nashville will burn!
Is Cameron's goal keep James harden???
They stay killing my high
It's time, yo! Excited to be here for the first time. Gr8 representation from , too.
\": Ahem...30 seconds???? WOW!\" Great and worrisome at the same time. Now Altidore is down ..Damn it!
i have a 9AM ballet class. find some sleep, pleaseeee
Not one person I talk to today could not get punched in they face.. Why is everyone pissin me off
He just freaking bothers me. A bunch of Steve's friends are so weird &amp;not like him at all. Can't wait till he leaves
All the animals at the zoo are sleeping...
KRHV 041447Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 18\/12 A2997
1\/2 I just told my mom that I wouldn't kill her and If se just killed me that it would be murder and she would be arrested. She laughed...
Do people in ;-)?
This is the furthest has gone in the World Cup in the history of their national team (according to Wikipedia...). Holy shit.
Happy fourth or whatever yadda yadda
Dempsey with the goal! Let's go USA
Diane Paulus is such a genius. I'm late to the party, but damn! I'm inspired to live my extraordinary life!
I think I'm fully awake now , man what's today gonna bring.
White people putting beer on everything
Damn it's about to be a long night tonight!:(
\": i don't have trust issues, i just think everybody's full of shit\"
Texting my boyfriend all the foods I'm craving even though he's either still working or playing video games.
Ronaldo just took a crap lol
- ii think , the time has come .
Messi killing it!!
My Adrenaline brings out a new person
In case anyone felt the need to make themselves physically ill today, just troll 's twitter account. UGH.
Me, Your dress is beautiful. It brings out your eyes.\nNiece. How? My eyes are always black\nMe. That is a good point
Damn nigga all over my timeline Whitney lmao
basically told my driver's ed teacher that gta taught me how to drive
I'll have that cleaned up by tomorrow tho
So today I tried killing the biggest spider I've ever seen &amp; in the midst of it all I lost it somewhere near my bed.. I'm freaking out
I got the song I'm so fancy stuck in my head
Like my life is so unfair. I don't get to see my best friend and she lives like 30 min away wtf
I got a DropCam today and it's as easy to set up as they say it is. The difference is you do it connected to a desktop computer.
Yo quiero tener contigo algo querer en la vida
But when she says baby, oh no matter what comes ain't goin' nowhere, she runs her fingers through my hair and saves meee
I cant breath omff, literally cant breath
C est qu il yva de pire qu une rupture c est quand y a du pain et le pot de nutella vide\nCruel life
Messi is the man to beat for a reason
working at sweet tomatoes has shown me that no ones mother taught them not to play with their food
Like I have a right to hate him
You kno its hard out here for a piiiiiimp
Is it my imagination, or is everyone becoming a yoga instructor?
You never know what funny can do. -
I always forget that is actually Mexican...makes sense as to why he's me in 25 years though
i wonder if it ever crosses your mind
They weren't readyyyy
\"The one that is quickest to walk away, is the one that never intended to stay..\"
Let's go spurs
I'm glad I don't get hit on, being ugly has it perks people don't creep on you!
I'm not from this country so fuck it
My camera died as soon as I got to welds, oh yk just my great luck!
Im about to lay in my nephews little pool right now...
Adrian really tried to fit in a washing machine...
No good for now hope gets well soon!
FUCKIG LONG SHOT RIP
New York minimum wage is going up to $15 an hour there talking about it
I'm saving all this photos so I could cut everybody's ass later
It was so peaceful being home by myself all night &amp; now my family came home &amp; is annoying the shit out of me
Girl be ready for that cherry :)
I'm sorry, believe me, I love you, but not in that way .
I don't even know what else to tweet besides that
My favorite part of air travel is when they tell you your flight is grounded until further notice and you get to sit on a plane for ages.
Can't wait to see my bros next weekend..... And get sauced af
Well exams were nice. When are the finals
Watching the Philly 4th of July Jam and missing the City of Brotherly Love so hard.
Los adultos no ven finales felices...
\": you don't show it thou\" -.-\" , sighss . \n Im sorry .
Tony Dize - Hasta Verla sin Na ft. Arcangel!!!!!!!
Porcupine was cute when I dated him now he's ugly
\"Your racist NFL team.\" Awesome heelin . And of course Jerry Lawler isn't above forcing a mention of the team name.
Chewing even just 3 sticks of gum in quick succession is an amazing feeling!
YOU MUST BE STUPIDER THAN A CARDBOARD BOX I SWEAR
I've traded football for ballet. The fans are different.
i hate little kids who have accomplished more than me
I just realized people from jersey may not know how to pump their own gas
Es diferente, no es lo mismo.
Ew people like you gross me out
Arial is a bad knockoff of Helvetica, which in itself is a bad knockoff of Akzidenz Grotesk
KSJC 260653Z 32004KT 10SM FEW012 BKN019 BKN150 18\/14 A2998 RMK AO2 SLP151 T01780144
it's actually really sad what you're going through
Hit me with the read at 4:20
Felicidades a mi broder por toda una nueva etapa llena de felicidad!
CORY IN THE HOUSE IS GONNA BE ON DISNEY CHANNEL AT MIDNIGHT
Just saying I've been a die hard USA soccer fan since day 1...My boys are about to go off I feel it
Nothing is worse than the sound of a white girl rapping (Iggy Azalea)
I like us better when we're wastedd
I hate certain articles of clothing
Writing a rap tonight so I can school Russell and show him any white boy can rap and black people aren't that special
Park that car, drop that phone, sleep on the floor, dream about me.
It touch the other player by a little that's why he scored
Thank you . I will stop by this evening.
Still think the best thing about turning 30 is no longer being afraid to pick a wedgie in public.
Ahhhhhh JERMAIN JONES
SAN ANTONIO WON CAUSE THEY CHEATED WITH THE AC.
making plans is so much easier through group chat
Can I please meet one female who isn't fucking fake and two faced
Isles preseason schedule! I can go to exactly zero of the preseason games
it aint nothin to replace em
I don't bottle it up I just get over stuff fast. I just ask myself \"does it matter that much?....nah\"
Omg you can't wait orrrr? Hahahha
marco: i dont want to get closer to the crab because he might get mad and bite my wee-wee
Speaking of Beth why am I not at her house....?
YAYO ALL I KNOW IS YAYO
Break ups and fall aparts are caused by selfishness
I wanna do twitter\/tumblr worthy things with you
I actually like my avi for once lmao
I had a dream about Cameron and Nash and want to cry
Golll de Messi comenzo el caminopara el titulo
DOES ANYONE HAVE AN ANDROID LINK TO DOWNLOAD AND HEAR SHAWNS SONG?
Pretty sure Stephen likes my mom more than me
Anyone wanna pick me up from work? Ill get you 50% off at elevation burger?
Since my aunts gonna be working most of the time
you ever get so nervous when a certain chick talks to you that you throw up... Stan does lmao
failed chem regents with a 64.. where's the nearest bridge?
I'm learning to be selfish sometimes
It's Adam Gower's 38th Birthday today! Wish him well at agower12.com. (He's not on Twitter.) Tell him I sent you! :)
staring at the stars in the desert is beyond nice
My mom just called me \"a little sperm\" excuse me am i being punked?! Lmfao
I like spiritual people more than religious people
Fuck it. I'm going to make an Instagram for my dog
so I worked out ate my salad peppers and yogurt now time for abs then bed!
Top Floor gettin Brains, Higher Learning \nGettin Higher Earnings, and My Desires Yearning
my mom text me with that \"wya\" shit knowing damn well im in my room watching scooby-doo
So mad this video is really blurry!
I got scared
Nigga just pulled up to the taco truck in a rarri
Why are wisdom teeth called that what's so wise about them?
If my dad talked on his phone during graduation I would be pissed.
HOW DO YPU CLOSE AN ENTIRE FUCKKNG ROASF
Boss was legit pissed at me for working too hard
\"Like my ex used to say, life's a bitch till you marry one\"
I honestly hate Howell
Dance like nobody is watching..\nBecause they are all on their phones so they actually aren't watching.
Que golazooo de USA!!!! Lets go USA
\"Cause all of me loves all of you, love your curves and all your edges\"
Shit I need a ride home
Congrats to Alec Majerus on turning pro today! Dude is da bomb
Did think their 7 minute domination first quarter was going to hold the entire game???.
Lord please help a girl get to Fun Fun Fun Fest.
I need to put my DinesyLand season passes to use
I just want to runaway and never look back.
Had so much fun at the last year at watching on tv brings back good memories.
Tony friggen Parker
I can't enough of this hundreds bruh lol
It's crazy cause in that whole experience all I though of was you...
My siblings are laughing at me now for that retweet lol at my life
U know is slowly becoming like when the girl's own brother calls her a slut. Smh!!! U ARE the father!
\"One bright sunny morning in the shadow of the steeple,\nBy the relief office I saw my people.
Hospital in 5 hours, need to rest
So I guess the vikings are offensive to anyone who has ever been beaten maimed or raped? How come they don't have to change their team name?
someone want to gift me new single
I can't deal with the fakeness
mom has zero trust in my ability to do things on my own.
Let's see if you live up to your word.... And give this a shot.... Or if you just say things to get me off your back.
\": Channing Tatum burnt his penis once.\" lmao
cause whatever you don't do, another nigga will.
I like clingy and double texts and stuff is that weird
I use CPT with the wrong events, i.e: work.
Waiting for my friends outside the dorms like a loser.
YAS BITCH YAS
She's probably too busy doing what I told her..
Last night was a lot of fun.
Watching Kill Bill before bedtime is giving me such anxiety
I'm telling I love her and she just walking away
Bout to do a couple more cover freestyles tonight
Why do u fear what u have no control of
3 min and Duncan retires happy
I could pull such a bitch move rn but idkkk
A wise man once said \"Beer Hall for dinner, never felt thinner\"
His nose !!!
So hurt rn you DO NOT EAT SOMEONES BFF OK
Gonna have the ultimate evening with a bath, true blood, wine, and laundry.
Decided to pamper myself tonight then realized my idea of pampering means clipping my nails and removing my weeks-old chipped nail polish.
why do they use \"caballero\" to refer to men in spanish bathrooms and stuff it makes no sense to me
Interesting convo. If not a bit frivolous. But it's not really keeping me here. Gotta go
The weather don't look to good ..
Can't believe tomorrow is my last day in California
\"can i pee on ur belly button\"
I found a pink lump on my dog's limb and I'm freaking the fuck out
The only thing Im passionate about is coffee and I dont know if Im content or sad about that
Wish I was nice at soccer
I am not emotionally ready for this movie
It sounds rainy outsides. Weried, there is scarcely raining in North CA at this season.
Past exhaustion right now. 24 hour shifts are death.
Holy shit what a rip
Don't forget the most patriotic song today guys... miley cyrus - party in the USA
Much respect to it was a pleasure to have met you and share my guilt of not knowing of you before your interview.
I want a giant bunny then I will take it on walks like a dog.
Wait I'm like so happy and proud to be a clippers fan right now because clippers refusing to trade blake griffin for Lebron is life
EYES NOSE LIPS COVERED BY TABLO IS LIFE
Can't imagine doing nothing but what I'm doing
I'm jus tryna call you my lady.. have you feelin like Harlem in the 80's!!
\"All I gotta say is damnnnn girl.\" - John James Cate
The love tweeting starts NOW!
Happy 4th of July! May we always celebrate Independence Day and forever remain a Free Nation Under God!
I'm gonna start the rant and it's about justin
Oh how I've missed u my dear yoseof
Why did this bitch boy follow me ?
I'm not sure what I wanna see more, a huge ass Brazilian party or a huge ass Colombian party . Toughest choice known to man
Fuck it, ideccc
Sometimes you are just more than done with people
But the medication is taking over
to the dreamers Has always been a literature of lateral movement for humanity first then the African...
Guys that are cocky and think they're the shit get on my nerves. If you throw yourself on a pedestal I will easily knock you off.
I have to accidentally favorite at least 3 tweets a day on Twitter for iOS
Those of you wondering if we are going to get the 1st year or the 2nd year .... We are going to get the 3rd year
USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!
About to finish for the second time-- and it is just as heartwarming and bittersweet as the first.
I just had to sing my way through the passport control.... Weird...
Just as I get in to bed a storm starts, fabuloussss :))
Racine Cermak... Love that bitch am I right?
Literally so tired if I close my eyes for a second I'll pass out
Who's trying to chill
Don Omar - Ella No Sigue Modas
Had an amazing convo about branding, mascots, &amp; stickers w\/ of today, if you have in-app stickers, you need this SDK!
Early day :D\nLol this isn't gunna happen for another good while
Fat fingers + touch screens = nightmare
Why can't my grandad learn to leave me tf alone
Why did I wake myself up so early??
Welp there's a lightening bug in my room
Parece q hoy puede pasar.
My hair was so dark idk if I'm ever going to go back to dark ass hair
this one bird is trying to get close to the other bird, it flies away &amp; the bird moved into the next one &amp; it's turned on. It's like a movie
when I was 12 I wanted a sidekick
Nothing is worse then a bish knowing she a bish and continuing to be a bish
Viva La Messi!!!!!
So they just gonna cut to commercial during her performance
Been here 3 and a half weeks and people already dropped me
I'm sick of hanging around the same group of people. I cannot wait to broaden my horizons at college!
I need a good loving home for my bunny
Ronaldo is overrated
If I sit at home all night tonight ima be pissed
Say it twice so I know you meant it
Lol @ people trying to be me
cuz not doin is somethin a nigga not doin
1 Corinthians 2:15 Those who are spiritual can evaluate all things, but they themselves cannot be evaluated by others.
Attention all underground artist if your looking for radio time, or interviews send your information and music to theformularadio.com
Jones tomorrow field 4. if u aint there idk what you are doing with your life
6th grader: I can sound like an evil villian wanna hear!? \n\nOutcome: it didn't sound like it at all. \n
That was ah good nap.
Rlly do not feel like studying
What do you call 2 Mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan
Boyfriend sent me a pix of himself standing outside, trying to look macho and all I could think was \"gotta little sunburnt there buddy\"
Remember the time? How could we forget.
30 mins of overtime. No goals, but plenty of heart palpitations
Miners drilling to the center of the earth shaking hands with the Devil, every time they hear a rumble they have to hope it doesn't cave in
Thinking out loud is my fave song so far.
Can it be Thursday yet please I wanna see my family
I need to get out of here for a while
I hear all these cars revving off in the distance and I just want to go out and play
Mondays are my least favorite day here.
Be sure to listen to today
Has been a weird day to say the least
I got a doobie on my head
If its a broken heart then face it
Everything won't stay forever so treat it well when you have the chance
When am I not pissed off?
People mess with me too much cuz I'm too gullible
Ladies come to cruz if u want a real man ok
I'm in love with this place
I just want my baby Haylee to be at graduation that's it
Pizza is so trendy right now
If you're mirror wont,\nMake it any clearer I'll,\nBe the one to let you know,\nOut of all of the girls, you're my one and only girl. Sike
Too stoked for College Football this year
Plan for tomorrow: \n\nScore on Germany\n\nDon't let Germany score on US\n\nDon't make silly mistakes like against Portugal.\n\n
I would reply to harit but I can't tweet @ women
Ronaldo has better eyebrows than I do
Crazy how a year ago I graduated. Time does fly. Congrats to all the MHS seniors that graduated today.
Mexico must have won something because the Mission is going crazy.
being trusted with someone's first draft emotionally\/intellectually. the city's emptiness on long weekends. sustained states of longing.
score already Ronaldo c'mon you suck
Godamn it I still have to make up freshman grades during summer school
MIMI! Is so in denial !!!! I can't !!
Can I just sleep out here
I be watching some good ass movies on Netflix
Burgers&amp;dogs\nwashed down\nwith brown brew\nMosquitoes feeding too\nSummer in America \nFriends\nFamily\nThis be why\nwe love\nthe red white and blue
Don't fight fire with fire.
I wish I could get super stoned like I did back in the day
Now I'll say it.... Sorry this game is over
I'll let you know whenever I cheat on okay!
I just shit my pants
The Canberra Raiders big signing is!.......Josh McCrone re-signing!!!
I can't wait to see what Chris Brown doe
If you have the words, there's always a chance that you'll find the way.
Napagod sila ate. Nag fork nalang sila =)))
Literally just said to the puppy, \"No, I need to get back to my cake now\"
For some reason every single song on my iPod makes me want to throw up right now
new true blood tonight and the leftovers thank you
Am I the only person who finds Sherlock to be a very bad, cheesy, uninteresting show?
I guess I fucked up the vision..
James Neal is no longer a Pittsburgh Penguin and I am CRYING.
Thank god tomorroe will be the last day I wake up early this week...
I'm going to make my future husband travel the world with me idc
just know that you dont need no one else
Maybe if I stopped hoarding food to stress eat I wouldn't be fat.
La unica forma que conosco de callar un bebe es con una teta.
10 games into the .\nGoals Scored: 36\nTubs of hair gel used ~137\nExpect one of those numbers to spike when Ronaldo takes the field.
How much you wanna bet like plenty of the fans didn't make it to the game cause they pregamed too hard
Anyone doing anything for the game tomorrow morning ?
Dang looks like I'm missing some good soccer games
English Dining Room Table 1800's 8 Baker Chairs, China Cabinet Mahognhey English. Come until Monday, July 30 5pm to get 20% off!
You can tell when someone is barley starting to drive when they take those behind the wheel pictures w\/the wheel clearly in the way lmao
to anyone in walmart at the moment: that loud noise was me hitting the floor with a pool noodle
U guys r all of my besties &lt;3 :)
A mi las tragas me sirven mucho. Cuando salgo con tusa me pongo a ir al gimnasio, me pongo buena y se vuelve a repetir el ciclo.
Well Messi got his goal
Jones baby killing more beers cuz of you
Que estrategia tiene la Policia para eliminar las extorsiones?
Why does everyone think that they can just take all the food and drink out of the mansion and consume that shit
Omg I'm so tired I could probs die right now.
Hashtag monsters are the worst
That awkward ass moment when the bus driver give you the blank stare down when you say...\"I don't have a metro, can you let me on please\"
Mini-Wheats go from delicious to disgusting way too fast.
I'm getting off. No One is on
Life pretty much sucks right now
Done with my PGY-3 year. One more year of residency to go! :-)
If I don't got my haircut I don't &amp; won't feel the same
I don't know what's wrong with me but I can't stop crying.
To be the only one who wants to watch and everyone else kinda sucks.
Um Jesse McCartney wtf is this 2001?
Prolly getting to like 70 tonight JESUS this has the best fights
RE: Peters -- I think he'd be an excellent choice for the backup position.
US FUCKING A
I almost spent $30 on Deadpool AND Spiderman shirts today but I controlled myself.
\"Why are we watching a scary movie let's watch like sleepover or something\" -Sinead
I jus wanna hoop and get money
Ouuuuh a pink lemonade rn would be a blessing
OMG aint no hoe in me
I swear Dey Bishop doesn't know anything about hip hop, couldn't even tell the name of Pac's first album (Ready To Die)
Idc idc idc i'm in love with Kylie Jenner
I bet if I disappeared no one would give a shit let alone notice.
Hey Ronaldo, watch this! Gooooooooaaalllllllll!!!!!!
Heard band this AM, the Bronze Horns. Made me think about the hardness\/brittleness of bronze vs brass. Shazam'd them. It's BRONX not bronze.
AND MESSIIIIIIII !!!!!
The goalie didn't even go for it
He used to cut dat bitch ass on meet the browns
\": When you gonna stop playing... And let a niggah YEET ya shit?\" *sounds dangerous
Terrorizing on social media &gt; studying
To anyone else who needs cheap ass supplements... Last day is today
Today was a good day in Natomas, CA lol
And by this shit I mean getting out of bed
nd cheering for DJ_INFINIT3 w\/ MIKEY BARSLOW Tickets only $10 each... Let me know how many tkts you need asap
at a sports bar w my family lol
aw they are such a cute group of friends I totally want to watch Netflix and eat Nutella with em
I can honestly say that Matthew Gray Gubler is the love of my life
Just a short four hour shift separating me from celebrating America
\": Jenny trying shut down my dreams@\" i just wanna know wassuppp
last night I did a back walkover out of Sarah's car hashtag ex gymnast probs
One of these days, im gonna go to a strip club with a suitcase. Like i wouldn't have anything, but at least I went to \"dreams\" w\/a suitcase
Snooti popped sum before he came on stage Lol
Lets fucking go
Finally bringing my phone to rehab tomorrow night aka the apple store
I love it when I see guys showing off their girl. Mad respect.
Having 3 Convoes At once with Mariah...That's Love
Took the mensa workout to get an idea of where Im at.... 25\/30 but WHAT THE HELL IS 'BANALTIES' I'm mad.
i'm so fed up with this.
When the love you once had becomes a foreign country...
One tree hill makes me want to cry 100% of the time
Madison is 13 and I just wanna go see my boyfriend tomorrow but she's making a big deal about being home alone bc she will be bored. Really.
Why the fuck is Panera bread closed right now
I hate that I care about you.
Osea Giordani es tiene triple nacionalidad? y fue ministro de planificacion de nuestro pais? Como no creer que quien Gobierna es COLOMBIANO
Who's going to Real Madrid game
I just want a cheeseburger and some weed
favorite lang masaya nako . :***
One of the best feelings is how needed you are to your baby...I live for this feeling
Wasn't quick enough and now I'm stuck in temecula for the night ayee
Sunday chill day
God bless the dude who gave double meat on my gyro for free. You are a rad dude, dude
Damm 1 game tho ?
YES!!!!!!!!!!!! USA USA USA!!!
HOLY SHIT! USA GOOOOAAALLL!
Since armanis party at a club you know its gon be littttt
woke up in possibly the best mood ever
All I see on my news feeds is you're a hoe she's a hoe. Like really.??? C'mon guys get real.
I can spot a thot a mile away!!
paramore just came on the radio and my concert depression came back
Gym I'm 4 hours lol s
I got it too good during the summer time
BBQs ALL DAY. Boutta go innnnn!!!
Everyone I've talked to that was born and raised in another country says America has one of the most selfish societies. Makes you wonder
I don't understand why black people talk like they have peanut butter stuck to the roof of their mouth
I'm drowning here with no place to go to breathe.
Austen is now accepting applications to be bae
I feel bad for whoever is following me..\n\nWhatever.\n\n\n\nkinda blowing up their feed.\n\n
Nope. Chris Brown for video of the year
Violent gamers are threatening my niece
And I know I say real shit lol
I'm never going back to highschool..... No matter how many times I say it, it just doesn't feel real.
Giggly boys on the train. Big change from yesterday's bus seat mate eating Fritos and cookies with a spoon.
When bae thinks it's okay not to text me all day
Margarita didn't even tell me about my uncle smh.
See the streets will never bteak me
This city has no where to pee
Let's go dans un bar pour le match
That's wasn't intentional calm down
Actually have a lot planned this week and I'm excited because all I've done all break is watch Netflix.
And plus she got $240 in her hand come on now
Just tryna do something fun tn
Leon not low , he trying to be the first one to say happy birthday lol he don't ask for my number no other time
please lawd give the bet award to my bby michael b jordan
America in the middle east.. Can you hear the drum of endless war?
I just want to see a good game tonight.. Tired of the heat blowouts
Roadtrip up or down the coast is a much in the future
Watching mind of a chef season 2 and now all I want to do is cook rice like
Goal Dempsey !!!!
Puedo pio estar tan feliz ?? Ay gosh!!
The more that I give and the less that I get
edc is over aka i can no longer send in selfies to their snapchat in hopes of getting it posted
Damn jack is gangster for that!
I have the bladder of someone from medieval times
I just want to lay outside and watch the stars.
Yo soy el mejor preguntale a tu novia ;?
Or how although they're kind a goodmorning\/goodnight text the most romantic gesture from a man. Grow up
You fucked up
DELMAR. Clue number 2. -----7 shooting stars. IN A F*CKING ROW. You know who you guys are------
Hustle until you no longer have to introduce yourself
I didn't meet Laura Benanti but that's okay because when she walked on stage I started crying and I was sitting really far away SO YEAH.
Damn I really liked Jason Kidd. Can't blame him for wanting to coach Jabari
The last DEN BOS ETA isn't till 0400L. That is about average. When was the last time it was actually on time. =LIRR in sky
And off goes the shirt. Gonna be a great day in the cove
I didnt take no fucking pictures last night except drunk selfies and that shit is all bad
Guna brash out after Bynthia gets home safely &lt;3
My height is starting to be an actual insecurity.
Ship sets sail, waves turn up, Jonah beefs with God, Jonah asks to be tossed, men toss Jonah, waves chill, men pledge faith to God.
Nothing better than sitting back and watching the World Cup and the NBA Finals after a long 9 hour shift at work.
Can't wait for to whomp on in the quarter finals. Boom!
My cousin just challenged me not to liveTweet from the mountain, so.
As you celebrate your freedom today, remember not to elect people that will water it down even further in the future
okay, who is my son talking to in his room? lol
I'm pissed we won't have the answers to this chem test
Ya bois hungover at one in the morning
OH MY GOD! USA IS WINNING!
The fact that a commercial uses the word \"swagger\" as an adjective to describe a car in a serious commercial Like whats this world coming to
Ima about to be 20 and have nothing to show for myself, tf am I doing with my life?
Bosh thought he had rise
I always want the ones that don't know how to act
I swear some people are just total bitches
I need to cut my hair ASAP !
Hard to see the same shit if you got different views
Lemme take you somewhere that I'm heading baby
representing in the last 8 of the World Cup, will meet you there
ALS is such a terrible disease and took so many too soon. It took all the joy from my uncle john before it took his life.
Really tempted to but ed Sheeran tickets!!!
4th of julys are bad luck in my life smh love you all
I know you probably wanted to fuck with me since we was young
WOWWWW RIGHT WHEN IM ABOUT TO SLEEP I GET A MOSQUITO BITE ON MY FUCKING FINGER. SERIOUSLYYYY ?
The wonderful Dean of Students Andrew Gold has retired after 16 incredible years. Looking forward to seeing what's next for him
idk what I'm supposed to do without Lyss
My greatest strength? I'd have to say revenge. And let me tell you sir, I'm not too happy with how this interview is going.
United States unemployment is so high because half the people in this country are fucking stupid
Thinking your but has already improved after one day of squats lol
We always get in fights because I'm a bitch but my mom really is the sweetest woman
Who ever was the fan that hit in the knee (which he got surgery on) with the shoe, you know you probably messed his knee up!
Let me not stress shit. That's what a niggas gunna do
That Kermit shit is not even funny guys. It's pretty lame and stupid.
I thought it was hard to score in soccer? Clint Dempsey thinks otherwise
Real classy bitches these days let's take pictures of our vaginas and see how many faves we get
Dang I really don't want to work
\"I'm high and you aren't\"
in absolute shock I can't believe what I've just witnessed, Dempsey absolute hero
6 flagz with my lovely friends on Alicia's day of birth 17 years ago
I forgot how low-key dope usher's movie \"in the mix\" was
Those are obviously the sushi emojis
Imagine these cars were going fast enough you could see the atoms parting ways as the front bumper sliced through the air
vs ..it takes a generation of effort to play at this level! What a game its gonna be!
I JUST realized I've been watching the Titanic in Spanish for the last 10min....
Il me faut un parrain, et une marraine!!!
Sammy will be taking a penalty. Guessing he goes keeper's left right now.
Uh Donovan would be useful right about now. Go Wondo. Step up bud. Johanson?!?
'Misery is wasted on the miserable'
MESSSI MESSSI MESSSI
Tempted to go back to Oswego, Liverpool has nothing to do. Let alone no one around.
I'm trying soooo hard to just dust it off my shoulder but it's honestly eating me up
I'll give you my freaking leg before I give you a bite of my Ralphs Ices
i want the cheesy dates at the movies and stupid walks at the beach, and sharing straws in a cup.
I want the song rhythm of love by danity Kane! NOW! Why is it NOT on iTunes?
The bitch brought back Ring The Alarm. Let me go buy me a ticket
US is playing like doo doo. Need to stop playing back on d
And the plot thickens, looks like is pretty cool lol
Anyone wanna do something I need to leave my house
Singing to Alison but I think she's mad at me and isn't paying attention to me
Sweet strike USA!
on the bright side the home phone didn't ring
Vinny is more of a gem.
i won five games of flip cup in a row and I was feeling like a papi
I want to curl up in a ball
Been an a blocking streak this week
\": Lebron will never be Kobe\"!!
Does anyone know how to fake a doctors note ? Ill dead pay you
I will kill Abby and Krista if they do not shut the fuck up
output feels like a real life twitter feed tonight
GINOBILI GOT MORE POINTS THEN OUR WHOLE FUCKING BENCH
Spread love. It's the down south way.
\": Ladies y'all like when a nigga got options or does that shit push you away ?\" Only if it's options on what positions he like
Comprate amigos Vanessa JAJAJA
Starbucks was closed so we had to walk another 300 feet to another
Retweet for Dolph Ziggler. Favorite for Bad News Barrett!
Wifey gonn be \"satisfied\" if anything. Won't be able to complain bout that
They slept!!!!!! We scored !!!
My mom'a friend just told me to \"stay cool and stay wild\"
Rossanna's class always takes forever to get out.
So upset about my ring :(
it's OF buttercup; go ahead, fuck with us.
But before I do I am going to check out other states first. Cali is next on my list
What a disgraceful team the are this year. They are terrible
Morning guys!! Today Luckyim Thai Truck are serving you on murray st.between greenwich st.and west st.11am-4pm
Control yourself, take only what you need from it
I'm way too nice to shitheads
why does twitter say I'm in san francisco ?
None of my gifs are working that's false advertisement.
\": It's 4 o'clock on the dot\"what else
Oh my!!! USA
Going to be a long game for Ghana.
Creo que soy la unica gemelier despierta que todavia piensa que Dani va darnos las buenas noches xd.
Legendary streetballer Malloy \"Future\" Nesmith has suited up for Team !
I'm mad i missed love and hip hop
Like I see girls with eyebrows that are straight and it's so funny
A girl just asked tony and i if we were siblings.... I'm gonna throw up
I really wanna just go home now -___-
being exclusive is showing up to Gaga's location half an hour before she leaves, not chasing her in a cab and then waiting 9 hours...
Swimming w my bitches hashtag swim
He keeps telling me \"no\" , what is a \"no\" ?
Living in this moment is the greatest thing I've done for myself in years &lt;3
Better to hide feelings at least I won't get my hops up
Avoid the unhappy &amp; the unlucky.
Late night early morning
\"a shared interest of booze and mischief\"
USA USA USA USA GOALLLLLLLLLL
DEMPSEY!! GO !!
im about being single, seeing double, making triple
He makes me happy and that's what counts .
YAAAA BBBBBOOOIIII!!!!! CLLIINNTTT!!
Our Canadian boy is number one on the top 20 songs. He's only 15. he's livin the dream he always wanted.
Fuck with me I dare you
Anyone down for an adventure tonight?
pretty sure the new unicode standard has a middle finger emoji
Yo Te Tengo En La Mirada Cual Que Paso Boom Ya Todo Se Vas Por La Ventana :3
Like seriously, it's only like my biggest dream to meet him ..
Gimme ideas for signs for GMA... I only have \"I love justifer\"
A full day ahead. I will be seeing Hidden Colors 3 tonight in NYC. Looking forward to it. Greetings all!
Ginobli is killing it
Prob shouldn't have knocked out at 10 -_-. Now I won't sleep until 3
Omg I can't wait till this weekend sleeping on a yacht is so relaxing n fun
Beam Me Up Scotty wasss MY FREAKIN mix tape in '09.
haven't played Zombies on black ops since forever
About to be on real world shit tomorrow learning about the bond trading business at Stifel Nichalous brokerage -100reeeeealquick
martin Kaymer Wins He receives $1,440,000 before taxes &amp; fees.Top ind tax rate in was lowered from 7.75% to 5.8% in '14
I just want to care for someone again
I took 4 naps today and I'm about to fall asleep again....
I know I wasn't perfect but I kept trying until I forgot why I had stayed
If you can eat burritos and whatever while drinking hella beer and alcohol all the time without gaining Hella weight, just know I envy you.
Algunas personas y personajes creen que la unidad o la coaliccion de las organizaciones en implica un solo lider o un sola voz
Jiffany is the cutest aw
Clint is Leaking.
I've picked my poison. I choose you.
I punched the shit out of the wall and hurt my hand. Greatttt
We crawl on our knees for you under a sky no longer blue
Being frustrated is fine. Constructive criticism helps. Pics w\/ Obama with white demon eyes are troll worthy
I just don't have anymore room for my clothes even after I cleaned out my closet but I can't stop shopping
I wanna be the one you're giving your loving, I wanna be the one you're kissing and hugging
Wide isn't loose? \"Vaginas aren't loose! Some are wider than others and some dicks are smaller than others!
'MURICA! FIFTY SECONDS OH MY GOD
shouldn't be watching this diagon alley documentary bc now all I want is to go there and I know I'll never be able to
The struggle to get out of bed and get ready for work is sooooo real right now.
Attention world: Workaholics season 4 is now on Amazon Prime instant streaming and I have never been happier
If a few people from boston die...so be it...we need less people from boston anyway.
You know it's bad when I resort to asking Monique to join me. Hahaha. Pretty empty theater. I wish more sneak peeks were like this...
Fuck u wanna cuddle for it's hot as shit
I actually prefer watching movies&amp; tv shows by myself
My mother will forever be the one woman I will always love no matter what.
Daamn what is up with my mood.
bitches from cali but im from miami.. smoking on that cali
Those were the best days of my life
Less than a month til I get to see and some bitch named Emma
Thankful for the friends who care and check in with me when something's wrong or even when nothing is wrong at all. Truly appreciate it.
the fact that I actually have to set an alarm for 6:30 in the morning sigh
There are NO -buses running. Downtown Manhattan in dead stop for 20 minutes now. Woman at stop waiting an hour.
Feeling like a big kid applying for jobs n stuff
If someone wrongs me or does anything to me I'm definitely gonna say something idc
I can't win a game of nhl ...
right now, I feel for both teams man. They must be exhausted.
Nothing less than world class from Messi
Every so often I have these thoughts of \"I could live in NYC\". Then I come here and go back to \"nope nope nope\".
Sooooo when is the parade..?
idk my mom is fucking annoying rn lol tf out if here heffa
\": I wanted to touch a big soft butt tonight. It didn't happen. I will try again tomorrow.\"
If you creep through my favorites I genuinely despise you
I guess everyone's 'famous' these days
Ils vont nous expliquer ce qu'ils ont fait des 50millions la, ca ne doit pas finir comme ca
4th of July to my family is nothing. Just a regular day off from work.
If I was in the Purge id kill a lot of you bitches tbh lol.
If I found a girl like Scarlett Johansson I don't know what I would do with myself
Send me nudes so i know its real
You niggas softer then a second year hs student
Swear to god, the hashtag \"\" came up before \".\" What does that mean?
Kathleen, her mom, her sister and her niece are like quadruplets I sure. Lol
It feels so weird saying the word \"boyfriend\"
\": A relationship with no arguments is a relationship with a lot of secrets...\"
It's always a good day when the first song I hear in the morning is bottoms up!
We mogen met z'n alle Nederland gaan ophalen morgen bij A'dam-Schiphol
Goal de MESSI!!!!!!!!!
I feel like the World Cup is the only time people like Soccer
Gotta give me something that will make me feel good
Workin 13 hour days has me so emotional.
no bebe hace falta mucho ron para yo meterme con usted jajaja
everyone just fuxkin up
all of should drop a mixtape!
I told lil mama I'm a shotta
I'm driving to work (a half hour late) eating a jar of pickles, and I'm prolly still drunk. Why is this my life.
Goaaaaaaaallllll!!! Look at that ball bend!
So I got up yea and my dog was standing there looking at me yea so I ran around her yea the accidentally kicked her yea I feel bad now yea
The moment I stepped out the roadhouse doors it downpours on me
Just played a great open mic at The Nest in East Meadow and tomorrow got a show at at 7:45 in the city. Please come:)
Please cam I need to talk to you I going through a really hard time... Please? It would mean a lot
President Obama acknowledging the contributions of foreign born members of the military. Many joined to serve even before we were Americans.
Work out, smoke a cigarette, eat chicken
I have an arizona &amp; netflix downstairs... Tempting
Ever since I started working @ restaurant, I realized the importance of tipping!
Can't stand watching international games in Spanish because they talk too much shit about every country
Going to bed early did not work
I couldn't tell who that was from zed ridiculous name.
where the fuck is my never forget pin
Per diem had them.pay checks looking funny. Had to cut that shit out
Yeah no I'm going to take a nap.
Told myself id quit that stupid ass job of mine when school starts but idk if I could wait that long
\": will bottle up their emotions, they only allow you to see their smile.\"
This game is stressing me out.
Game just started and it's 1-0 how bitch howwww
Why is it that all I do is being in the lab and just working and working and working every day..?
Everything goes down one way or another, thats crazy.
you got your eyes on me, &amp; she got her eyes on you.
when idiots wear bras
The Bridges Will Burn, Now It's Your Turn, To Cry...
What a FUCKINNN shotttttt
At least to me... My sister &amp; brother did have it lmaoo
Sold out? Well, I guess I won't be seeing Josephine Decker's THOU WAST MILD AND LOVELY at tonight after all.
From Harlem to London money in em bundles bitch we need it
Woke up with a sore throat\nCaught a fever at work \nThis ibuprofen better clear this up
Thanks Twitter for reminding me
I've literally been walking all the way from harlem to lower east side... With heels. i dare you to call me fucking lazy or weak.
Bel goal!! Smh
\": aaaayye aint spoke to u i forever doe..\" ikr!!! How have u been?
\": Cameron was a horny little mofo\" of course
IM. IN THE WHAT. HIGH OFF WHAT. What what SHADES ON
you can never be too mature for a relationship, just not mature enough
Throwback to when I unfollowed kaylee and I kid you not she through the biggest damn shit fit I have ever seent in all my years
Deciding between a XS and S for the tank for tomorrow's Pride Run and the volunteer said, \"Oh, at LEAST a small.\"
What's a man to do when he's loving two and he don't wanna lie but he can't tell the truth ?
Go somewhere with Ur hoe ass.
LEBRON YOU MY NIGGA FORSURE COULD NEVER HATE ON YOU ANYMORE
It sucks when you wanna be with one person but it just can't work no matter what.
Yeah ... I think thas what ima do...
Just wasted 2 years on
ohhhhh Jermaine Jones!!!!! what a hit!!!!
I love the Robert De Niro face that Ronaldo just made.
Peanut butter M&amp;Ms [X] , Beer [X] I predict Spurs by 10! Go Patty Mills!
If you missed this weekend at hunter mountains you missed out
So I'm currently in the pit at the backstreet boys concert..what
Tell me why all of brentwood high is shopping at sears right now
My legs have been feeling really heavy lately.. wtf!:(. I've been running everyday..
I need a gym partner rn
Wish i was just paying more attention to the game
Scratches on your cornea hurt way more than you may think.
Disappointing to say the least
Jones will be the godfather to my child
Wow I'm a picture hoarder I have almostttt 4 thousand
i missed my 9k tweet and it was probably about pasta
I think I might be beginning my addiction to Dr. Who.
Eating dinner and the spawn randomly gets up to dance to a song. Can't even be mad.
Had the weirdest dream about my fish last night...
Shower... RHOC and BED! A nice relaxing night. Goodnight people!
I'm listening to this Indian shit it's type wavy
Setting alarm for 5:30am...ouch trying to implement no snooze policy
Cut Corners Cut loose, Cut Class Fuck School
my dog stares at me while I eat..
So tired someone do my laundry please
It was kind of obvious 5sos didn't write Amnesia bc there was no way those 4 noobs could have wrote that...
I am so sun burned it looks like I'm wearing a white speedo when I'm naked
These mood swings are something else ..
I just wanna be home already
I fuckin hate my 6 cylinder car
Shaggy is my day one nigga
Amazing what someone will do for you if they actually care about you.
Wtf he's Going to Do With a 20 point lead and have half the Points already STFU SQUADY \": LeBron isn't on the court ....WTF?!\"
Sometimes I think I care to much about people
Is it so hard not to lie tho???
I let Jesus take the wheel and my license got suspended.
Dear,will ever follow me?
US is assured of not being totally embarrassed no matter what the outcome of this World Cup match with Ghana. No shutout (thank goodness).
This nigga really said if someone's gets hurt THEN Donovan can be called. Nigga he ain't no second choice !
Having a dinner date with my son has been the highlight of my entire week. Man...I LOVE that kid.
Messi messi messi!!!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAL!!!!!!!!!
Now I gotta deal with my broken lock button thanks to
Kudos to the crews of Heavy Rescue 517 and Quint 513 for the rescue of a dog that was stuck under a dumpster this morning
forever 21 is hiring and im leaving in 2 weeks oh thx you're fantastic
Im wrong sometimes. But so are you.
why do I feel like that's a bunch if bull?
GOOOOOOOOAAAALLL I JUST CHOCKED ON A CHIP
If you don't know about can u really call urself a Howard student?
ima be up for a whileeeee, &amp; I gatta be up maaaaaaad early
Im in the process of maturing my style finna take a while tho
Can't believe I'm saying this but... VIVA LA FRANCE
Im acting as if i dont have to wake up at 7:30 tomorrow
Coach Mark Watson of says team's health has made significant improvement during break.
Lord, I'm so grateful for your faithfulness, for never leaving us when we blow it.
I can't sleep. Ive been crying about this.
I don't catch feelings I catch flights
dudebros walking around my neighborhood don't do this
In studio for a few before taking students to Met. Museum to see watercolor painting. Lots of news. I met w \"Houston\" collector yesterday...
Congrats to for holding off the Greeks for all that time, great match
Jamming for the rest of the night
I'm trying to turn up , don't bring down my mood
It feels like forever since I've been home
18 years ago today a little girl named Erica Sage Little Wolf was born to 2 very proud parents. Happy, Happy, Birthday Erica!
I'm watching two Mexicans trying to break into a car... Lol do I call the cops haha
You ever talk to someone and immediately confirm they're amazing
Now accepting applications for our Gus Macker team. Preferably a guy to come off the bench and give us some effort points.
No jozys hamstring
she gave you her heart and you stepped on it. now that you see her with someone who loves her, you want her.
I do so much things for others i dont even realize what i get back lol nothing
My teams Cameroon for this World Cup..but I'll still cheer for the rest of the motherland.\n\n
Big brothers bday today. Big 29! Love that man so so much.
Does anyone have a heat gun I can borrow?
Me and Shay were chillin by the fired and some hot ass muthaeffin camp host dude comes walking by
Netflixs anything good on that ?
ignores everyone to jam to 3oh!3 alone bc bye
Little man just made the loudest, most gurgling poop ever.
AND NOW MY BFF IS GETTING DRUNK WITH MY CRUSH WHILE IM IN CALI. WTF
I should probably attempt to go to bed now.
Need to talk to my roommate tmr. She's excited to tell my about the orientation and the school
GOD THAT FLOP WAS NICE
Crawling back to my bed just to see that my dog has taken my spot. -_-
Can't sleep now cuz I definitely heard someone walking around my house...
Ahora hay que remar lo que queda
Out of work, pack this bowl then pass.
\": If they ain't got yuh back why be with them\" trueeee
Hey Bart - one way to to show your love would be to have more frequent trains this PM for ride home 20+ minute waits not so fun.
Rockaway Beach aka Bad Parenting Beach
I go to Upstate way too much like my Dad should just buy a house there
Who's going to the dyckman street ball tourney?
It's going great
PSA: Lightning safety awareness week has begun! Follow for tips.
Anything I can to do it lol
\"All my friends are getting married, or pregnant, or promoted &amp; I am getting coffee! So if that sounds like I'm fine, u tell them I'm fine!\"
So ya, I basically NEVER get a good night's sleep.
This man drives me insane. I kinda really like it.
Yo Soy un Rubio Bello &gt;&lt;
me and natalie just said gn to each other via FaceTime ad stood there bc both on pause and she goes 'did u end it' like same
legit sick to my stomach.. that's fucking sick. you stupid cunt. burn in hell
Its not even one tho put thankz
I'll take pictures with anyone I love them
Someone take me to the beach sos
On the plus side ive got time to watch army wives before my stepmom gets here and starts bitching at me about another thing im doing wrong
Fly like a butterfly sting like a bee
For all the ladies that don't see the difference between men, and boys.
There is baseball on 100,000 televisions
De ti se tanto que podria dictar clases intensivas de tu vida.
The amount of fuck shit good people got to deal with is ridiculous
.is trying to buy me haggis and none of the rest of you are. You all suck and she is great.
Reminder from me to myself: I am truly blessed.
\"Just let the government into your heart.\" - Butters | | LOL!!!
Edgin, so good. So... some runs?
Late night board riding complete steets are the best at 1am
The new for iPhone definitely justifies the premise of needing a larger screen!
I need to donate some clothes to the less fortunate. It's been a while.
Can't stop watching World Cup. Good job Greece.
what do you need church for when you have Venus by Lady Gaga
Disruption doesn't come from technology (regardless how many CEOs believe this wrong story), it comes from the changing customer behavior!
I love seeing how confused people get when they come to my house for the first time because you could honestly park in 3 different areas
im done with raves until my friends decide they wanna go to the after parties bcus im sick of partying at raves and going home at 11
Your baby is crying next to you and instead of trying to make it stop, you continue stuffing your face...good parenting.
Emotional bull in a china shop
Lolling at the silence of you heat fans
20 minutes in and your World Cup could be over. What a fucking damn shame, hoping the guy is alright.
only 5\/6 follow me i thought you guys were my friends ...
Jozy jozy jozy!
everyone text me what you want your contact name to be
agora ele arrumou a hora
after hours protip - find the guy in blue checkered shirt for that awesome hot fish and chips!
I feel so bad for cows all they do is stand around and eat grass all day, that doesn't sound very fun
Yes I'll be driving to school now , woooo
Pre gonna hurt my little bros feelings
Just got a tip for being a \"good girl\" what
FOR THE RECORD: I have no idea who these entities are: . Suddenly there were tweets about them in my name.
Rob Ford Base featuring Doug E Ford Fresh.
Did something I wasn't suppose to today. I'll have to sleep on it I guess.
When a tour comes to your shop, tell them they're at ceramics.
I still believe deep down that my car is a transformer
I wish i had a girl I could send nudes to, I be needing some opinions sometimes lol
U S FUCKING A WOOOOOOO
Brotherly love for Bettman? Guess not!
Childish Gambino is in this movieee
Idk how to choose people for my 4k this is hard
Saying you're going to put your pride aside is easier said than done lol
New song out today\/I need to sleep 7 hours and then it will be:)
&amp; after ALL a female done for you, months of putting up w\/you. all the pain you put her thru &amp; she STILL had your back! STILL stuck around!
Currently crying for the first time over graduating high school
Don't know how I'm both nauseous and hungry but I'm really not having any of it right now
This is really late but I'm so glad I'm done taking Spanish from mrs knecht.
The games full of heart breaks, can't I win for Christ sake?
Remember that one time at band camp?
About to announce the winners of !
My bed always feels great after a long day
Salute the ones who died, the ones that give their lives so we don't have to sacrifice all the things we love, like our chicken fried
All I want in life is to find somewhere I can wear my Fordham prom dress to
Im looking forward for the germany france game
Feelin' fat and sassy right about now.
My landlord spelt my last name wrong on my security deposit check
He can be nice sometimes I guess
The Supreme Court just keeps getting it right.
WHY ARE WE FIGHTING WHEN WE COULD BE HEADING DOWN TO GOOD OLE TOMS HE GIVES YOU FAST CASH AND THE HIGHEST PRICES PAID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My moms complaining cause her friends aren't texting her back...oh ok
Currently accepting applications for someone to watch AHS with me
Monday night has a double feature again. First &amp; now on . Makes Mondays tolerable.
The Heat need this W !!!
people be hating me for the dumbest reasons
My roommate's BF is playing my Wii U without ASKING. :'( :'(
Proud of it too. Like that shit is the best, all you ladies who don't suck dick are missing out.
give a fuck about an Oxford comma
It's not feasible, but I'd love to have PJ Tucker or Ed Davis on the .
Someone take me bowling
Is this how my life is suppose to be?
Splinter on bottom of my foot! Google suggestions not working. Feels like a teeny weeny piece of glass. (Otherwise great day!) Ideas? Help!
dempsey scores in 30 seconds what a start
Mom, \"They're wacked religious.\" Dad, \"They're not wacked, they're Baptist.\"
summer is literally being wastes as the days go on
Le negro venia siguiendome desde 3 cuadras y nunca me robo jaja
this lady is the definition of an obnoxious fan.
I think I really must be crazy
Im so hungryyyyy I want chips, ice cream, cake, donuts &amp; twinkies right now
It's like wishing for rain as i stand in the desert, but I'm holding you closer than most cause you are my heaven.
my mom just bought hella alcohol for marguerites and mojitos because she just found out about alcohol and loves it
Disappointed in the Supreme Court for dealing such a blow to public sector unions and a females right to contraception. Sad day.
I'm gunna punch your ungrateful ass in the face
Greece lost... Every diner in NJ is pissed af
That usa chant doe
Stuck between \"fuck you \" and \" I hate you\"
Let Beasley run he is clearly the fastest.
USA deadass scored in 32 seconds !!!
Can pull this off?!?!
I wanna go to out to breakfast
Rashaad swear EVERYTHING about him ! Like bye boy lol
1 year ago to this day...
Game almost over so lets do stuff after
Wake up, bake up, time to get my cake up!
Y'all know a good twerking song?
Following an earlier incident at -42 Street, and trains has resumed with residual delays.
Feeling like I hit rock bottom, no turning back now.
Anyone wanna hang out for a while?
It's crazy how fucked up the world is and no one seems to notice
K U S H D R E A M S.
What's a good movie on Netflix
The heat really do look like the cavs rn lmfao
Carol and I kill loaves of bread in one car ride
For 1 hr it's back to normal lol Chris rock got me dead
Sleep deprived and under caffienated is me this morning.
I wish I was in LA this weekend
Last tweet was pretty vulgar. Apologies if I offend. Puck will make amends. Going to bed. Hoping to wake up a better, less vulgar person
I'm on my grind, grand hustle\nGot the mind and the muscle\n50 carrats in the crown just to shine on you suckas
Ghana's jerseys are pretty swag though
Most racist and nativist town in USA, that honor unfortunately falls on MURRIETA, Calif. Oppressing those whom seek refuge from oppression!
Just wanna do to six flags and that is all
9.50pm... forse si torna a casa.
I am guessing Greece merchandise at the just got it's price reduced.
\"Free head is the best head\"-
post college is gonna be stressful. lmao. already thinking way in advanced.
Two and a half days of work this week. Plus I'm going to the Jell-O factory today so it's not really work!
Dude in front of me in the train is currently rolling a j
How do you expose a girl you use to say I love you to .. Y'all have to grow up .. I get you're angry but grow up
The problem with falling madly in love with a 9-year-old series is that I want to talk about it obsessively but no one else is watching.
And the airport goes wild!
USA USA USA USA USA !
The real question is was that an indirect tweet towards me.
Can someone please tell me why ESPN has a piece on Canadian basketball on the day of USA Soccer? No one wants to see this.
Someone go to Beyond Wonderland with me!!
How am I ever gonna be a grown up .. Idk
Tara likes hockey aka i can now date tara
YES!!!!!!!!!! Dempsey!!!!!!! USA! USA! USA!
Told Joel he'd he Joel da 5'7.
Sincerely Bad Azz ... Suck my dick &amp; die quick
Ever since I started watching I haven't stopped. Why did it take me so long to catch on? And why do I wanna make friends in jail now?
I would eat iggys butt out
Man Cassidy and pappose just need to battle ..
The Museum of the Moving Image is going to have an exhibit on CHUCK JONES next month, I'm pretty excited
But do you believe The Word of God though...
Extremely unfriendly reminder that there is only 30 days until the start of senior year.
I was talking to my dad about me being a comedian at dinner today and he so Happy!! First show July 30th new haven 8pm jokers wild comclub
Is it just me or does everybody get a runny nose during a test?
I'm trying to get in shape for hardsummer haha
Por tu dulzura por tu ternura yo te amo
I get bored too easy. I can't just CrossFit, I can't just do Insanity, I can't just run or pump iron....I need it allllll!!
Leaving LA .. I'm gonna miss the best pizza on earth haha
Must we suffer another \" story? Only have 3 &amp; 1\/2 soaps left, let's keep the viewers, not alienate them!
Femme Fatale &gt;&gt;&gt;
U should lay off before i tell u too
I dont understand why straight teeth ppl want braces theyre horrible
I need to stop watching romance movies, throws off my edge
\": Ever would make the group look good. Now I have to make it look good...\"\nLol
So unbelievably proud of ! wish I could have seen you
Johannsson getting the chance to step in at this time is the scenario is which legends are made. Big shoes. Time to deliver.
I'm on that 24 hour caffeine diet
I be low key for my OG
Back on my grind, Xtreme Fitness . No more distractions .
Why can't I have straight hair
Did you Know here we have sample days! Our next event is June 26th 11-1 for Coconut Edibles or 3-5pm from Cannacare Topicals!
Pops already on my body all that means is I need to be off the scene pronto
:'( RT holy shit is it weird seeing fans in a place named San Jose celebrating a huge win
Good game to all the football players today!
There's somebody on E in spitting distance everywhere here
AC flow I need those bands cuh
.is that a problem? Are libertarians pro gaming?
Two hour return trip from watching the match in the city. Due to train track issues. So ready for bed.
Great 10 minute rounds in the heat wave. I would like to thank my sponsor Jesus and my parents for making it possible
Ugh, sick to my stomach...
So prom happened and like ot was like fun ^_^
The shot heard round the world. LET'S GO!!!
Time for a nice nap.. Then chugging gallons upon gallons of GATORADE down my throat
do you ever want to thank people for the experiences they give you?
On top of being in a fucking terrible mood hunter really has to be a fucking douche bag. Fuck you.
Earliest goal in us world cup history, ok it was more like 30 seconds in, but still 1-0 usa in the 1st minute
Put in wondo already
Hehe gna sbow arnel launch control when he goes back
Need to def network myself better so i can help out.....
Lol I think CR is nervous. I think my boy would've had a better shot on goal than that.
Hahahahaha SMD Ronaldo
On the plus side I can still ride a wheelie on a mountain bike for 50 yards
Love hearing the streets of NYC erupt and knowing just got the equalizer without looking. Also because Twitter.
I will kill myself if I do
Not an SEC fan, but it's nice to see Vandy win!!
Eh , whatever happens , happens
Shows how important soccer is
Happy 4th great day with great friends
Dirty dancing will always make me happy
Eso lo dijiste tu u.u \": Zzzzz Ok me Callo u.u xD\"
Seriously, what is going on with my life man...
\"Yea my bitch, drop it down for me\"
It can last forever if it's worked for
Working out and watching the game isn't an easy multi-task
Like my coworker told me today be10 steps ahead of yourself
Do bartenders get mad when you order a beer because they don't get to taste a little straw full ?
The best defense is a fence.
Dark as fuck out, but my future's lookin bright
it's dead at work so i'm watching american ninja warrior for the first time ever and it. is. awesome.
Actually wanna punch my professor in the face because I have class during the Costa Rica game tomorrow
Something as simple as a text message from you would make me feel so much better.
that's that bullshit. RT : There is an Australian tick whose bite can cause a life long allergy to red meat.
Why am I so good at sneaking out? lol
YG don't give a damn about his outfit lol
Golf is just better with playing. That is all.
Tonight's a night about facts. Tonight's a night I write
Why am I watching basketball haha this in interesting
It just became official, an SF resident. Pent house for 3, on some high end level.
Don't know how I got so lucky within these last few months
I have to wake up in like 4 hours. Fml
I kind of would like the college World Series to be best of 7 if all the games would be as interesting as tonight
Hip Hop is dead zombies for prezzz
Today I met a faculty member who is moving from here to take a position at CMU. Everyday I'm reminded how small the world is.
Kids are like headphones to straight couples. Easily replaceable and corrupted by Dr. Dre
Like why can't you be a real nigga I need to slap her
I want the heat to win but I'm sorry they've to no shot of winning thus game. Just can't see it happening.
I'm only in my room when I need to change, so my room is disgusting bc it all ends up on the floor
And since fish CLEARLY exist....*SHMACK* right in the mouth.
Game of thrones for the first time!! With
Wtf is wrong with
Started planning my 10 year high school reunion on my run today. Why do I do this?
That's the only house rule, don't fuck it up.
Ima think myself in a few months for not getting my eyebrows done and nails
Mi Felicidad no tiene precio...\nTiene tu nombre &gt;&gt;&gt;
I fucks with jv teams lol
Mostly I just don't have motivation to do my to do list today.
When you brother calls you from after prom too drunk to go home and you tell him to hang up and have another beer
So exhausted but I get to go home tomorrow woooo!
got off for sylar frjday ready 2 break my fuckin neck
Your the only thing I know like the back of my hand, and I cant breathe without you.
Wish i appreciated the cookie game when I was in it
They always get busted
Pharrell can wear uggs if he wants too
Why are you still sleeping like get upppp
THEY'RE FUCKING MAKING LOOKING FOR ALASKA INTO A GODDAMN MOVIE I'M ACTUALLY CRYING
Being secretly taken is the worse. It's like your living a whole complete lie
you can't stress over someone who isn't scared to loose you .
How is Katy Perry going to 'write' Hillary's campaign song when she does not even write her own music.... Awkward
Love may not make the world go round, but it makes the ride worthwhile
Yoooo just popped in scrubeks killing :oo
Ok, so I should stop anger tweeting at HGTV.
They support me, pray for me. We do life together, we help each other, we laugh together - I dont know where Id be without my church family.
The Universe really works in your favor when you know what it is you really want. I come across beneficial people spontaneously.
And amazingly you continue to make me hate you even more
i really wanna have ppl over
c in the bay area we dance a lil different
I wish my conservatory signed me up for freshman writing when I was a freshman...
that was nice too
Holy crap what a goal Clint Dempsey.
The great 'Do I want to go to Warped Tour this year' debate begins.
To make a change is to make a difference.
That was the best episode of of the season by far! Next weeks ep's going to be incredible one
America doesn't give a monkeys about national politics largely because the govt stays out of way. Wish EU would stay out of way of Britain.
Would there be any fur in the city who I could crash with tomorrow night.
Shout out to for playing country music 24\/7 and getting me to like it
While I would love to see a woman elected to be our next president that is not my priority. How they represent their constituents is.
Can't believe I was there in a dream
There's a difference between being two-faced, and not liking someone yet still having respect for them.
if you don't wanna be with me tell me cause I'm sick of wasting my damn time.
Legitimately think I'm looking at a UFO
Game changing pep talks from myself and the wise ... What are friends for ya dig???
B b b Betty and the jetttttsssss
Dear America your birthday fucking sucks.
Senior pictures tomorrow wow I've grown up a little
You act all Santita but you been around more then once up in this mountain .
some cuties to my left &amp; some cuties to my right
Un tumblr menos que mirar.
The World Cup is so intense
Tim literally just got pulled over for driving like an asshole and the cop let him go... If I was driving I would get so many tickets
seriously maybe i should have not gone to the beach and used this day to study
\"I'm going to Hell\" \"You're not going to Hell. But if you were, I'd be there the pick you up\"
I'm so annoyed by you that even seeing your name makes me want to rip my eyelashes out.
When in doubt about your spelling, use another word.
Brody jenner and his girlfriend are the new deckers
my dad: \"hey nat did you know Ihop is the same age as me? when I came out I said let there be ihop\" I can't go anywhere with him
An old woman just blew a kiss at me at the nursing home I am dropping my grandpa off at omg
Thanks for listening yesterday but you're chill and cool peoples, keep it real
Is Posey in the starting lineup fans
Dahsh be like lemme fall asleep at 12 no biggie
At TAO in NYC and Strobe is playing! They know what's up
HOLY JESUS ITS 2-1
The only thing I remember about my trip to Mexico is how great the donuts were. Sorry mom and dad.
7 days till warped tour :*
.'s first hit in a charity softball game at Yankee Stadium was caught for a third out.
I can still get you wet and I can still make you laugh
Why this dude walking is iguana
if our conversations have time gaps, don't text me anymore, obviously I'm not that important
Happy 4th of July to the best ( and most patriotic) Americans I know !
That was phenomenal
going to get ice cream looking like trash srry
where the hell did that come from!! Wow!!
And ima have a whip while I'm in Texas...can I get an Amen?
I wish I could pause the soccer game
I'm fucking sick of being walked on. this is literally bullshit
So jesse picks Eddie Guerrero in a Hell in a Cell match. Against Goldberg n Booker T
Look like I'm working Saturday and Sunday
So i have to pack all my shit tomorrow :\/
Arjen Robben and the Dutch have been the team of this World Cup so far.
OMG JULY 15 DOLLAR AND DREAM TOUR IN NYC OMG IM FLIPPING OUT I CAN GO ITS A TUESDAY HOLY SHIT THANK YOU COLE
all I ever wanted was you to b there but all you ever have is yourself
The are basically done, it will take a crazy comeback to win for them
This summer is going to be amazing !! ahhhh
Perfect day! Supported at the 5K. took overall female!! Rides and now some baseball
It's hard enough for people to find jobs &amp; now we need to find out a company's religious affiliations before accepting a job.
Finna Go Hop in da Shower and relax.
I think forgot to mention that has won the Money In The Bank
Our own Sharif Abel Kouddous from 's was on tonight. Please stay safe
Y'all need to calm down on the whole teen wolf lmao
When they ain't following, they unfollow ur ass
How do you make seven an even number?
Falling for someone is probably the scariest things in life...
I'm not feeling KeKe's dress! She's trying too hard!
USA tied the game !
This lady just said yolo... YOLO BABY what have I been saying homies?!
Selling my 128gb iPad mini with retina display. Super good condition, and comes with AppleCare+.
My grandma said selfie
It's not easy to move out of the place where you'd started new chapter of your life. I've no choice than to move on. The feeling is painful.
i gots a taste for men who're older. it's always been so it's no surprise.
Tip of the night: don't read old messages from someone you no longer talk to.
My students are disrespectful and I don't wanna go to work tomorrow
I always end up wanting to fight somebody
Adults and their birthdays &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;\n\nGrow up
I'm a bandwagon. Shoulda just stayed true
Why is Channing Tatum so sexy! GOD DAMN
Cashmere Glow made me the man I am today
La felicidad depende de ti mismo.
Dempsey is a fucking man. Anyone else would of been crying on the ground.
Its funny how the few friends I have in Ny are on vacation
reason to facetime someone: sad and lonely and on your kitchen floor
Tomorrow imma just leave again tho.
I woke up to the most disgusting smell ever like you don't understand
This dude driving this bus like he's late for work!!!
Let's get another one boys!
Starfish may be big suck ups, but they never lie.
I'm quitting the sport if pool forever
No matter how many times I watch Silver Linings Playbook, the dance at the end is still so awkward!
-nothing lasts forever, and we both know hearts can change......
This gay nigga carlos still d.a still trynna talk to me , smh foh!!!
Karlie, joseline not ya friend smh
I'm so excited to see Raymond Felton in a non-Knicks jersey.
My League pass boutta be turnt up this season
Brandon is literally the best.
. awesome! I have an idea. Who do I email? :)
OMG that was a good ending I hope V died
ISSUES IS MAKING A NEW MUSIC VIDEO &amp; TYLERS HAIR IS GONNA BE PURPLE IN IT. i aM not okaY
Im so tipsy I can't even make eye contact
Stupid bitches act like it's a hassle when they have to take are of THIER OWN child. Smh it's what you signed up for when you get knocked up
Up early and dressed then to get undressed and go back to bed&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I want your radios loud and your voices louder
How Adam and I were going to beat at bp but her and her friend were cheating! Haha
he's not even my type, tbh
Diana really has a shirt on that says \" oh my gatos \"
Obama has done something so lawless Teapublicans are completely incapable of articulating what it is. So they will sue him anyway.
im gonna post my favorite vines from bae don't mind me
Time for Murray to make some trades
OH MY LORD GINOBLI
You never know who you could meet in a bus
Deff was boutta saying somethin, can't believe no one peeped. \n\"But that's none of my business\"
Im seriously not a mean person but if i have to be a bitch i will
\": ANNIES GETTING ME A WHALE\"
I feel like I'll lose friends really easily now that highschool is over.. Even though I definitely don't want that to happen.
Lol then you said you were letting me go to sleep, after that never did I say I was doing to
You got it sister
Yup and im the one with attitude
I did nothing productive today and it fuckin sucked
Dropping Claudia off at camp makes me remember how irrelevant camp was lol
Going to a gym with mad trampolines I think it's rebounders or someshit who wanna come ,
I don't even have the desire to smoke or drink anymore
There is hope afterall for you
when you get a text but its not from the person you wanted it to be &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
I HAVE GOOSEBUMPS!!!
So MTV is coming out with a show about keeping and losing your virginity to teenagers ... you gotta be fucking serious.
Peeling sunburn is the worst thing ever!!
Tanning for about 3 hours then going in the pool for about 2 hours was a dumb idea bc i am burnt af
Thanks so much for your follow! Welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter &amp; Twitmo!
are you still tweeting what im saying
Living in a world.... Were my truth can cause lynching
I HOPE GEORGIA DIES IT IS A SHITTY STATE FCK U
This hurricane won't rain on my parade today, nosiree
Mom: whats on ur neck\nMe: scratch\nMom: it looks like a hicky\nMe: oo yeahh it is.. hahah
\"He died a virgin?\"\n\"No one dies a virgin; life fucks us all in the end\"
Still waiting for an invite back into the chat
Shit is poppin in downtown SJ
Jacob is like never going to notice me. But does anyone know if Jacob is going to come to SF in Cali during his tour??
I hate shitty tippers! One thing I can't stand. .
Really can't believe this happened. What the fuck did I do?
Call me beep me if you wanna reach me
i feel like socking up my phone cause its acting up
On our way to for some fun and fireworks on the steps! Happy
Quite excited to go home to Teen Wolf recorded
Mets, hammer time, train, apps..... Or nahhhhhhh
Another night stuck inside. You guys suck.
Let's go Canada
If no one hears from me, you know it was the death of me
I seriously could not be in a happier place then I am right now &lt;3
GOD IS SO GOOD
Navas is gettin laid tn no doubt
I don't what it is but you're just my type
What is sad though is thinking about all the \"Wow we should go there someday\"-s and the \"Wow we should do that someday\"-s...
.Are you speaking to me? It's so confusing trying to follow your bullshit brother.
some people are just so fucking shady
Finally watching the episode of PLL that i missed on Tuesday
\": Also heard a rather definitive \"no\" when I inquired with a couple people about Del Zotto.\" Thank god, Del Zaster
She said your way to educated to be calling women bitches and calling brothers niggas
Tim Horton's has a steak breakfast sandwich. And it's good. Just thought you guys should know.
There is 100% presence and energy in my house that comes from something or someone other than myself or my family
\": nobody wanna come over? lol\" guess not
just saw Cesca driving I'm scared
reach into that dresser where them condoms is.
Loving this ep with Kat Cole, President of Cinnabon. Vive les women leaders &amp; the workers' inspirational stories and drive.
\": I wonder what I look like in your eyes.\"
My co worker saw me in my crop top and said she thought I was more conservative and that she'd feel uncomfortable if she were me.. Fat joke?
My revenge we will be artistic, not personal
At least I did t break the car this time
Lmfao. Me and my brother for real
i just feel so small, like my whole world is crashing down around me and there's nothing there to break my fall...
Watching gravity with Sandra bullock and George Cloney so far it's not too bad
Fuck yeah messi that's it
status: arrumando meu tumblr de animes e jogos.
No te imaginas el placer y honor q es tenerte como amigooo
I wish I would have seen the potential other people saw in me in myself, I could have ended up somewhere doing what I love
I like to look up wedding rings, even though I don't have a boyfriend...
WHEN I ALWAYS ASK MY DAD \"DAD I NEED A NEW PHONE AND HE SAID WELL WAIT TILL CHRISTMAS AND I TILL HIM THATS A FUCKIN WASTE OF TIME\"
I guess I'll just keep my mouth shut from now on...
So my shower has a strong amount of water pressure.Lets just say wen it hits some of the more sensitive spots of your body it makes ya jump
wanna kiss you hard in the pouring rain.
yooo New York giirls are on some next level
in the grocery store my sister just said \"cosmic brownies are bae\" so there's that
99 you a bitch you abuse me and i dont like it
Still in bed and idc
Lilah and kt are becoming best friends and I love it
Jedi mind tricks cereal ; frosted metachlorians and marshmallow lightsabers
Wow that was fuckin dirty
Summer school starts tomorrow and I haven't even applied so this is great
\" You makes me want to throw up\"
It's 106 degrees here and we're not allowed to go swimming. This is child abuse.
Mexicans in so cal are going hard tonight!
Hope it clears up by the afternoon like they say
If you think someone dying is funny you deserve to get your ass kicked
Tell Them Faking Ass Niggas They Wont Make It Fronting
My shitty driving skills + this monsoon are not a good combination
Im not feeling that performance at all by little Wayne
you take off your pants at the end of the day and realize you've been wearing your underpants inside out
Another day another dollar :)
Buffalo wing pretzels and Swedish fish are amazing
y tu eres lo mas lindo de mi vida y no me arrepiento de nadaaaa de lo que hemos vivd o juntos
HOLY FUCK ! Holy shit
When a female says \"Take me back to this night\" ..who gone do that shi? This aint no hot tub time machine shit
Kill the fist pump from three seasons ago. Kill it with prejudice.
Just got a face massage. That was a weird 20 minutes. Why'd they touch my eyeballs...
Can't believe how trash I am now I'm washed tf up bruh lol
This heat takes the energy right out of me
FUCKING GOAL FUCKING GOAAAAALLLLLL
Tired but too scared to go to sleep..
this song is weird
While my friends are having fun in LA I'm sitting at home bored as fuck
I'm ready to go.
My life is like a movie I don't want to watch!
Lel. Can't wait for summer break. *cough* I'm already running out of things to do! D:
Holy shit a Taylor Ham would be great right now
Reading crime and punishment at 1 am is not exactly my brightest idea
Now the REAL Johnny Football comes on.
If I'm down with u, I smoke with you...
Happy birthday to my dudeeee SOSAA these bitches love Sosa for real
The spurs is looking so good I have fallen in love with this team. And this is coming from a die hard basketball fan.
Clint Dempsey is the greatest soccer player of all time
I literally can't find a shirt Imma just lay nude fuck you
Lebron just quit on the Heat with 5 mins left he might not ever put that jersey on again.
Se veran largas filas de Zuluagistas solicitando viviendas y salud gratis en departamentos donde gano el CD. Esa es la doble moral votantes.
I always type s instead of d and watched becomes watches so, my tweets read like I'm doing my impression of Golem.
I'm getting a job too?? This day could not get better!
Damn bro nigga think their life interesting mine dead is
King Lebron now is Queen Lebron
I hate all that lovey-dovey, mushy shit
john brooks where you at
Sergiu why are do you keep tweeting song lyrics
Woo hoo home with the air conditioner pumping out some cold ass air !!! \nAhhhh
To all my Twitter friends and followers have a safe and happy July 4th!!!
I think that was definitely a penalty though...
I hope when whoever invented little league dies they are forced to spend eternity listening to \"I like to move it\"
Wow no one is awake at 3 am
L'Afrique la grosse blague. Chez nous cest des LOL. Bandes d'incapables..
Who does not wanna have their cake and eat it too
Never been so uncomfortable around free booze
Lakers this, Pacers that. Yall should be mad at them Texas teams. First the Mavs, now the Spurs...
Where do I find a flinstones push pop this time of night?
Somewhere beyond the sea, somewhere waiting for me
I bet there gunna do a tribute to mya angelou
Today you will be great! Because you are destined for greatness!
Just wanted to eat dirty with a friend ~
Because I think as you as a best friend now that's why it sucks
BECAUSE ALL YOU DO IN CLASS IS TEXT AND TALK ABOUT YOUR SON AND SASS EVERYONE-INSTEAD OF TEACH.
Everyone says they hate pop songs but how can you resist Christina Aguilera. You cant.
Look at that bend
Where were my super stars today?
The fact that i have honey cocaine on my snapchat(;
whenever i see new stuff for teen wolf im like da fuck is goin on bc i stopped watching that show in the middle of the first season lol
Sir. Elton. John. is about to perform a two hour set for me. (And 80K of my friends.) I can't even explain my excitement.
She a bad bitch and she already know it
I'm not an alcoholic I just like to drink a lot...
A lot of people are pissssing me off
\": if u take me on a date and bring mangoes and reggae my heart will be yours\" omg same
Im apologizing now for my amounts of tweeting that i will be doing for the bet awards
Fuck what you guys think tbh
Ppl are entitled to their opinions &amp; say Bron is the greatest.. do me a favor &amp; call me when Mike loses for a 3rd time on the biggest stage
I'm seriously missing my work friends!!!
This Jamaican jerk chicken thigh is about to be delicious
My header is the best idc what anyone says haha
I took like 3 showers today, bout to take another one and get ready
Fuck a fake friend, where're your real friends at?
I might die when I see it live
Forgot to FaceTime Brianna and Leilani back
I should probably start my homework now
FCK YEAH! !!!
I got a lot of nasty things from A to Z
Whisper of the evening rain \non the bedroom window \nlike the sky is missing you.
I never understand why award shows agree to have Lil Wayne perform. They have to bleep off every line he says.
Your dress, my shirt, we love, I live and never learn
Chiqui how dare you retweet my first tweet. Leave.
If i mastered the earth science I think I can pass world history
I'm really ganna miss fucking around in English with and
US playing a dangerous game letting Ghana have this much of the ball
First day of work was cool a little kid spit in my face but it was great I enjoyed every second of it
Heat mostly mad they not gonna get that victory head by bosh
Y A QUE SE PREPARE ESE MMK
some people won't be happy until they've pushed you to the ground. find courage within yourself, hold on to your power &amp; never give it away.
Hate when its crowded at the gym.
Tomorrow my phone should come in the mail and if I doesn't I'm jumping off a cliff
Tipico suben una foto ponen sin filtro y han pasado por todos los fotochop de las redes sociales.
Glantz: developed a map that shows veteran wait-time\/backlog, and in which states the wait-time is worst.
Is Reza Pahlavi on my brain? Why doesn't he help me out?
walking unto my house as the sun is coming up..
The fact of Knowing that you're starting college soon
HAHA THERE IS ANOTHER GUY HERE WEARING A SHIRT THAT SAYS RUNNING SUCKS
Someone get on skype and unbore me
but it was you and i was with it
Well I want you for sure, I am loving you more
MY ROOM IS LITERALLY UNDER ATTACK FROM FIREFLIES
Flipping off college at the docks is so fun
Bout to block bc he being a pussy boi &amp; retweeting drake
Miss you more! Can I get a ?! RT : Cards vs Rockies...makes me miss
So fuckin tired from work but omw to this gym session
OMFG ASH IS LIKE CLEARLY DRUNK GUYS. PLUS HES WHISPERING INTO THE GIRLS EAR. WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WHEN THEY GET A GIRLFRIEND LIKE OMFG +
Not forced to stay
Crackin jokes like Eddie Murphy off his first blunt
Pit bulls make the best cuddlers
Everyone look for me on the Today show!!!
Watchin this lighting makes me wish i was at the end of one
I'm going to come back to farrell's to see my bae again
U S OF FUCKN' A
You dropped a bomb on me
WONDO IN THE HOUSE
Hey babe, take a walk on the wild side.
I am the pits
We having a great time I'm NY!
That one person you want to drop every one for if they knew
I think im gonna be one of the youngest people to have a heart attack ...
U need a swisher sweet grape please ! \n\nAnyone wanna bring me one
Someone should text me. Someone who actually cares
NO. TWITTER. JUST STOP CHANGING SHIT!!!!! I DON'T WANT OUR AVIS SMALLER WITH ROUND BORDERS!!!!
I hate having no contact with you :(
In N Out and me had a date tonight..... like this isn't okay....
If only the Edge of Tomorrow was trimmed a little more. Still, enjoyed it a great deal.
Happy to talk what happened earlier with the others. I don't want to hold anything in and let it all go. I want a life free drama! Haha.
Are you a roller or a folder?
\": Whats a well known rap single that i should do my own remix\/ cover too?\" Kendrick Lamar \/\/ Swimming Pools
Everything that kills me makes me feel alive
I want the money, cars, hoes i suppose
At my moms house bored as evvaaaa
Look at the rookie! Got two bad bitches in his bed.
I'm suppose to be relaxing and enjoying time off but my summer has been nothing but stressful.
\"Kacie just be yourself ..well maybe tone down the weirdness and dorkiness\"
What is this why am I stressed on my birthday -.-
I love 2 get too on
The all star break can't come fast for the
Gangsta rap made me do it
I wanna do jhene aiko. She look goood lmfao
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOO
Your mouth may make promises but your body tells no lie. you don't care.
If I was loaded I would hire a sandwich maker to follow me around and make me like 6 a day
Okay Diaw hit a three my life is complete
We'll put the birds to rest for a little bit, but they'll wake up and chirp again..unless we shut them up for good
It's like 4am but it feels like 11pm u___u
You're gonna retweet nasty shit on my timeline. I'm gonna retweet nasty shit on your timeline. Bitch
lol honestly tim cook just fuck off
I'm a little crazy sometimes but Idc
whoever put a brand new chapstick in my backpack after I said my lips are sunburned you are the most sweetest human
But like he wasnt really ugly b4 I just never noticed him
Let's all take a second and thank Randy Quaid and Will Smith for their heroic actions on this day in 1996.
BITCH CAUGHT A BODY BOUT A WEEK AGOO
What do you do when you've gotten to the end of your rope and your knots undone?
So funny getting you mad
\"Do you want to hate waking up in the morning? Do you want your life to be a waking nightmare?\"
Bet is a gospel network though.
not trynna study but I'm not trynna fail
I've been in my hood. N u?
I ate 2 cans of oysters and then went to her house.....SEDUC....TIOOOOOOONNNNN (remember that usher song)
Burn blunts not bridges
August Asina is my fav
Why am I even up I fell asleep 4 hrs ago.
Shout out to who followed me on thank u so much UR a total sweetheart
The organic enviroment is born and dies and is reborn, the cycle is endless
Shot. Say good night
I legitimately can't feel my feet. I will pay someone to give me a foot massage.
That was so unexpected. Idk know what just happened.
So many players that are in the world cup are unfit
Literally watch one episode, you will not be disappointed
That argentine crowd looks WILD
R.I.P. Bobby Womack, legendary soul singer dead at 70\n
ma keep resisting, i had to bounce with my shit then im scared of commitment......
Yeah we're playing Bryan Adams at 10:30pm. So what? plus eff remakes, it's only with Platt and O'Donell IMO.
First day back on the court in atleast a year if not longer. Glad to be back at it and working on my game again.
Jacob zuzola knowing my passcode makes me feel some typa way
\"don't forget me, I love you good night.\"
PRESSURE. PRESSIN DOWN ON ME, PRESSIN DOWN ON YOU.
I wanna get shot 5 times. One in my head and 5 in my back.
just gotta fake a smile and move on
Let me sober up before we go to this restaurant
Wow I just realized that this world really was in a depression
Hip Hop is alive &amp; well tonight thanks to
Howard's hella good
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE MESSI.
I just don't want to get out of bed
If you close your eyes does it almost feel like nothing changed at all?
scars are like battle wounds - beautiful, in a way. they show what you've been through and how strong you are for coming out of it.
Happy July 4th and happy ! Let's go Joey Chestnut, bring on 70!
I'm in tomorrow - who's around?
If you look at the pictures on return to the pit you can watch my reaction to Jeremy jumping on and it's the greatest thing
She try and give me her putang
My roommates always ask me to watch movies with them and I always say no. Ugh I'm such a troll.
I want a fuckin 2 stroke man
I feel like im about to die!
Wow lebron sitting the last 5 mins cause he's a bitch
Don't sub tweet about me nigga it's pretty obvious
I'M JUST GLAD UNDERSTANDS MY CONSTANT FOOD STRUGGLE
\": I was sitting on my pourch, grabbed a beer, and fuck her in the pussy. \"
\"Before all these Suffolk kids try to sell you drugs and kick your ass\"
A$AP Ferg and Rocky, as well as Ab-Soul are also here.
So proud of my lil sissy for graduating today!!!! Congrats ceebs, love you forever!
What's your life about, enlighten me is you gonna live on your knees, or die on your feet
At the PNC Arts Center, Cheap Trick and Boston concert courtesy of SiriusXM Radio.
Who gets free Ice cream ...I do :)
Society: a guy can say he has had sex with a girl he has never even spoken to and everybody will believe him.
I love New Jersey but I wanna go some where new, start fresh. Meet new people and just be happy
Wow it's beautiful out today.
Shitty free kick
The Billy Joel channel on SiriusXM ended :(
Gol de Bosnia, debo decir que se lo merecian... .
Sam: \"wanna go eat some watermelon?\" We go down to the kitchen and there's chocolate chip cookies AND banana bread. So yeah. I hate her.
The Butler was a really good movie! If you didn't see it, go watch if!!
Come to the Celtics
Im so done with this fucking family lol.
en uno de esos momentos en los que se te acaba lo que estas leyendo y no da para empezar nada nuevo.
I'm gonna write an individual rap for each of the biggest thots in the ECC &amp; put them on a mixtape
It sucks feeling like you're disappointing everyone around you when you're just trying to make yourself happy
So tired it took me three times to get up!!
Had this mariah carey song in my head all day
HAHAHA FRANKIE THINKS SAM WILKINSON IS AT MY HOUSE
Steak, beer, vinyl records, &amp; futbol. This might be one of the best days off in a long time.
I have a shrine to too don't worry man;)
Some one should bring me food
John Legend like im sorry Jhene but I can sing it better
Worst part about coming back to work form a little vacation is having to answer over 800 emails
it's completely faulty logic. These fools just don't understand what disease can do to people- they've never seen it firsthand
This going to be a long week kids home from school and daycare all week smh
Girl don't hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy &gt;&gt;
That goal was nasty
bumble bee is such a G
USA Soccer baby!!
Jack Bauer is a great American!
Damn, Common is a great goalie
I need people who are down for me and nothing else
You ain't a pimp though lol
I am really regretting my decision to nap after work rn.
Michael Jackson says Good bye bad world
Can never fall asleep early anymore
Magpapatiwakal na yata sila lol
GUYS IM JAMMIN WHOS JAMMIN WITH ME
dlo give a fuck about no hoe
My brother is getting himself an RSX, good shit maaannnnn
All We Ever Wanted Was Everything
Is it bad that when I don't get Starbucks I get headaches?
So if spain got his ass kiss by a third world country whats next Europe
All-Dad Chopped. I'll just be here, crying.
I hate being alone but I can't seem to find comfort in any other setting
Bed, book, yup happy girl right here
Brainwashed by the block , it consumed your life.
Please not penalties please my heart can't take it
Hot worker just asked me to do the cupid shuffle ok ok ok
Miami needs a new coach, and new role players if they want to keep Lebron...Wade and Bosh aren't worth the money.
It's nice that NYC garbage cares so little about people's cars that the trunk of my car is all scratched from bags being dragged over it
Ima dog. Thats why im moving to florida
The flight attendant made an announcement asking us all to stare at the people disembarking from Vegas because they're all hungover...
People gotta know where to draw the line
Getting this money in NHL 14 ....
Shit's scressful bruh.
Some one talk to me to get my mind off of everything
You're very good and I'm drunk still
this ab sould album is good?
Did anyone else see that awesome umpire but shot? ?
\"Have you been journaling\" - Things I NEVER EVER want to ask the guy I'm dating.
and you wonder why I get mad Smfh
creo k me voy a mete a maricon pork tengo mas mujeres k cualto en el pantalon weiiii
The only way I'm reminded love and hip hop is coming on is by overhearing it on my mother's tv first. Lol
Block so white june look like December
damn! i missed it!
I ALMOST CRIED WHEN THEY TOOK CALVIN LIKE STABLER HELD BENSON BY THE WAIST AND CALVIN WANTED TO STAY WITH BENSON UDGHZHHDJ
Suspect Boyle is going to get a deal in free agency. But the organization knows they can't let...
Back to my Regular Gym. Castro
Can't we just skip to august? I have a lot of events to go to. Ain't got shit for July.
HAHAHAHAHA RONALDO YOU SUCK
USA SLAYED FIRST 34 SECONDS
Can someone tell me what a thot is
Am I the only one to walk in circles while on their phone (I've been doing this for the past 10 minutes)
Vuelvo y digo , por ahi viene el gol de Ghana , son muy bueno ellos
I never expected to be a mom , having kids was not in plans BUT since i found out i was pregnant i became the happiest person alive!
1 good girl is worth 1000 bitches
So i have 2 regents tm...
next person that invites me to play candy crush is getting their fingers crushed
Its always my fucking fault :(
Dolph Ziggler too? Might WWE be actually noticing their real talent?
Took my sibling to IHOP
sometimes you make choices, and sometimes choices make you
My moms phone won't turn on &amp; I dead don't wanna walk to tmobile
Take a *wild* guess what kind of phone they had.
Imagine nash grier knowing who you are.
our worth surpasses all earthly things
Killed that workout, 1 step closer to August baby!
IM NOT EXPLAINING MYSELF TO YOU ON FACEBOOK STOP FUCKING ASKING.
I really just haven't been myself these past few days...
I'm buggin if I wear long pants tonight or na
I want to have a heart attack so I can suddenly die without having to actually kill myself. Any tips 2 inducing heart attacks?
lol Started From The Bottom had a better video, why was Worst Behaviour a nominee?
Juergen chill bro
,esa Carmen es una ,suelten como gabete,
Highlight of the night is when 4 pale 13 year olds came out of the woods and ran around us in circles while swinging their shirts around
My moms so into this basketball game rn
throwback cudi makes me feel some type of way
I'm glad the refs keeping cristiano in check
Can't wait to see and tonight!
I haven't been in NY for a week &amp; I say Lit in my everyday vocabulary \n\nWhat am I doing with my life
Wow for the first time in a couple weeks I finally feel almost completely full again
Earned goal. Bosnians keep plugging away
Me myself and I the fucking three muscutears
# I accidentally wore a see through shirt to the show tonight and I feel like a 16 year old girl trying to hard. Jenna's bringing me a shirt
Sunday Mornings in Jersey&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
proud to be an American
Time is valuable. So pointless relationships aren't needed.
I just rode on the outside of the Powell-Hyde cable car. Thrilling and a little terrifying! Awesome way to see this gorgeous city!
Why can't people leave me the fuck alone.
Yup is a true valley girl
a bird just came In the car and shit itself cause it was scared, so there's that
I wonder what y'all look like without make up. Eye liner counts
Everyone is getting married and it freaks me out
Not everyone will make it to your future. Some people are just passing through to teach you lessons in life.
im ready to get this paper g you with me?
What a boring 4th of july. Dislike.
Gekas flies too close to the sun while Papadopolous sits out because of his Achilles and Mitroglu miscalculates the Brazuca's path of orbit
When it came to the bitches ... Never had a chill ...
That milkshake went straight to my ass. I can feel it
Strawberry haze &amp; Miami kush
If I played soccer id be looking fly as fuck on the field.
my stupid cousin chose to wear a tank top today and he had a damn hickey hAHAHAHA OMG
My dog barks so much especially in the morning i think she does it on purpose
Commen tan as hell. Were he bin chilling?
I'm the girl you wish you could be
Damn 30seconds in and we already have more goals than the whole Iran vs Nigeria game
If people are trying to bring you down,\nit only means you're above them.
graduation night and I'm sitting home by myself yay
OMG it's so cute Giovanni and my dad are talking about bakery things.
Not to be mean, but I would love soccer so much more, if people got injured or lost teeth playing.
This guy that sits next to me in my second period is so disrespectful I just wanna slap his fat ass face to another dimension
I wanna live in California
Scored with the stomach!!
Just what you want driving for 5.5 hrs and not finding fuckin parking. FML
ive never seen a team get soo many wide open shots
The 4th of July represents everything liberals hate. Freedom. Civil rights. Not being wussy losers.
Sent a few shirts to some of our Besties. Hope y'all enjoy!
Thank god today is over. Was a rough one from the start. Better things to come tomorrow.
Nothing makes a kids eyes glow more than seeing a phat strip of tickets at the arcade
i have the back of an 80 year old
My friends just show up to my house and never let a nigga know
Listen up you desperate pedestrians
Very strange: yesterday I wrote 858 words of my WIP and today I wrote 859! I guess I'm getting faster :)
All these rich kids stuntin in my neighborhood lookin real dumb
I wish I never started wearing makeup
Happy birthday, America! May you have an awesome and peaceful Shabbat and always be blessed with abundance of blessings.
Why did I just slightly get excited when I thought Cameron Dallas actually favd that tweet hahaha
If Lebron leaves the Heat I wonder how many Heat fans are gonna follow him
Been wondering if your heart's still open and if so I wanna know what time it shows
Cover ups, illegal surveillance, remote bombing. Sounds like the villain should have been the Obama Admin not corporations.
Anyone know if the first purge is on ?
Wassup for the day I'm bored as shit
Wait am I actually taking NyQuil right now? This cold obviously doesn't understand what season it is
just stop making yourself look bad
I've never been on a horror movie date
Can anyone please help me get a follow form mike
I could spend all day looking at baby clothes
I will hit you with some random shit don't be surprised
Judy: I always wear yoga clothes. James: and I always where soccer clothes Judy: yea, that's why we get alone most of the time
can't remember the last time i had a Burger. forreal :(
You're making such a big mistake with him smh
*looks at pee in toilet* ewww. i think i need a fresh 7 gallons to pee on. ahhhhh 1st world countries.
I don't want someone who is perfect I want someone who is honest. Soooooooooo fuck what you think.
To get high as me, yo ass gon' need a ladder
I can hear the gay couple In the room next to me having shower sex
I was 3.5min late for the start of the game &amp; I missed the 1st goal!!!
Especially if you constantly do that ima just stop texting you
Thank god the US scored early cause they ain't lookin to hot right now
Got my car taken care of. Thank you there was really nothing wrong with my car.
Yaas just got home in time for
Well... Knicks are now possibly the worst team in the NBA. We lost Chandler and felton for 3 guards and a center from the mavs. +
Dopest mothafucka since before I hit the 7th grade
Had to capitalize her name when I texted her
lmao. I really just called ourselves . I mean. How gay can I get. Lmao.
Finished work and it's still light out?? What the hell?
My Life Coach, Got me Feeling Some Type of Way.
whoa... Android now does a reverse Caller ID lookup when you call someone. Will even include pic if it's a known business.
Good thing we can send in Landon Donovan...
I can read a time magazine for days, my grandpa hoards them
They go from a Mexican setting to the bathroom of what looks like where Saw was filmed
vs. final would be amazing, wouldn't even be able to pick sides
At least I got a beer before rain hit
They're watching the game at Madison square park and everyone started cheering and screaming and it's so cute
Driving through my neighborhood and casually see someone climb out of the sewer drain
At opening. Sitting on some grass by the stage next to really lovely older people who hate me.
Seems like I got a few supporters... Love y'all man!
That was gorgeous
Kendall is a beaut but what happened to Kylie????
Looking like early next week I'll be picking up my new Bimmer, I am so excited!
The weathers doing a perfect job at describing my mood
the second my head touched my pillow last night I was shleeeep
I haven't been this bored in a long time. Help
If you're a bag boy, trying to make it to the cash register, I respect that.
When I forget to reply to people &lt;.
Back to the trees and this album
So much running through my mind rn ...
I would like your pictures a million times if I could
I sent a message to my older self telling me to grow up and be a man. I hope he is
Still up I'm super nervous about tomorrow like ... OMG
It's interesting to know people outside of their success. Like ridiculously interesting. Especially when their successes &amp; personal differ.
People make time for what they want to make time for..
About Damn time USA!! Let's go baby
The prospect is out of the cage!
Hi. I thought I woke up at 1 but turns out I fell back asleep.
Can't sleep because I have a million thoughts running through my mind
All things can be fun, if you allow them to be. Find joy in whatever it is you're doing today.
Aaand she's back! Join for private fun &amp; orgasmic gold shows on
Hella love for chance the rapper we know 10 day is a classic, on god
My dad said that lemmee get off i wanna live longer. Pshh yeah, im already becoming a better driver than my mom
almost got myself run over cuz im so exhausted and overheated i didnt realize i was crossing against a red light
Latest news story heard during my commercial break \"Could sitting in front of the tv be killing you?\" Well then I'll be dead soon
At least once a week, I hit the lights only to realize I can't actually shut off daylight.
Rain clears up at 4? No torrential tropical storm??????
This Graduation is going to put me right to sleep
I wish I didn't feel so alone all the time. ]:
Fun times speaking at this morning and meeting their batch of summer interns!
SAW IS ONE FUCKED UP MOVIE OMG
Jillian Louis AND are here !!!!!
Last year's Finals was a FLUKE. Stop Kawahing and just admit that ya'll aren't that good Heat fans!!!
I have not moved at all I hate traffic it fucking sucks and I'm on this damn bus!
Now Jeremy Lin back to the rumors?
NO HE DID NOT
THAT HAS MY HEART POUDING
Nice pass Atsu
how has man in man vs food not died of obesity\/diabetes\/some disease
When i am rich i am goin to think back when i was poor grinding for everything
I am so self conscious of using the bathroom on planes.
Someone hmu with plans for tonight
Now Iv guide you in my space I won't let go of you.
The NY Pride Parade is equivalent to EDC LV or Ultra Miami
\"What if\" will not stop me doing what I want or make me second guess myself again. Live life without regret or despair. Take a chance!
That ref's combover? Terrible decision. That no-call on the Portugal dive? Excellent decision.
I actually fit in just fine with the clients in social services today
Jamie-o from hey Arnold aka Geralds older brother is the biggest dick head ever
Bunch of handshakes from the fakes
It's not all in what I say, it's more in what I do.
I love seeing the sensitive bros in the stadium get all quiet and wide eyed when a player gets injured.
Off to York for a nice weekend sibling camping trip! I may or may not pack a dip or ten on this 4 hour drive...
If u put food in front of me. I willl eat it.
I've got a while before I can consider myself a failure
So psyched to go to Build-A-Bear Workshop next Saturday around noon.
Use your head a little i after e except after c????
my mom said USA is gonna get \"their asses handed to them\"
I thought this group chat would be more entertaining
whenever I try to be nice and shit I get bullshit back.
Today is my grandma's Birthday !! I need to call her ASAP.
Baz Luhrmann movies make me happy
I remember when all you had to do was send I note saying \" would you be my gf check yes or no \" and it was official
Lol at my dad. He thought we call \"Wes\" \"west\" hahahaha
Part two of celebrating moms birthday at Yankee Stadium
I'll be in sf with my sister the weekend of 4th of July shopping till the end of our lives
Going to Morristown on a Sunday night is different.
Hooray! Made it back to cool Syracuse (after 107 in Las Vegas). Still happy with Delta!
Midget cats &gt;&gt;
iii is going to be a free mixtape.
\"Groupie bitches wild enough to suck a baby's dick\"
Is it ok to wear an Alex Rodriguez jersey at a game?
Kawhi is the first Jordan Brand Athlete to win finals MVP He's part of a brand that also has Melo, CP3, Blake Griffin &amp; Russell Westbrook
Well colombian-american. Lol
Cant name anything better
I wish my friends would just come to my house and watch a bunch of movies get drunk and smoke some blunts &amp; mel
are you watching Korra? I'm watching Korra.
With the few friends I have, I keep close to my heart.
Holy shit, I now have a 97 rated Messi in World Cup squad
SEAN DOOLITTLE IS PHing!
I show my patriotism once every 4 years
I swear she's destined for the screen closest thing to Michelle Pfeiffer that you've ever seen
I have a theory that guys in more aggressively check guys out than anywhere else in NYC.
Especially when it had to do with sports
GOAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLALALALLALLLEOOPLO POPS O
I'm up like I don't gotta wake up early af tomorrow
I'm never eating ice cream again
I hope everyone is having a great daY
WILL IS KITCHEN STAFF AGAIN AND HIS CAMP NAME IS LUCKY. NOOOOOOO.
morto que o sbt comprou o programa do ru paul e vai exibir legendado socorro
This is why I don't let people in.
I know I couldn't play professional sports I'd Ron artest mills or ginobli
I think senior year is the year the octa-funnel makes it's return. Well until it's taken away when the smoke alarms are \"checked\".
Anyone having a party hit up your sexy bae
I really wanted Greece to win
Who knows ESPN's number?
ways to get smacked fast : ask me about my exs
Im starting to fall asleep. Can i get a volunteer to wake me in the morning?
Anythin you do now adays is considered thirsty. I give a nigga a compliment I want his dick. He like 4pics ina row on my IG, we fuckin. Smh!
Not even noon and I'm littt
I've been waiting over a year now with hopes to see Pop smile. This may be the night.
who are these people in the game
And it's a huge win for over with shots. These lads are pumped after playing a man short.
I have no way to get to work &amp; my alarm is set for 6am, wtf
Me &amp; need to smoke and hoop like the good days before summer end
How many times I'm I gonna tweet OCHOAAAAAA!!!
If my shoe game btr than yours - we cnt date .
\"Es-cah-pay\" it's funny, it's spelled just like the word escape.
benzino be trynna wife everything that comes his way with his no neck looking ass
is the master of comedy.
It's more than just a dream
one of the best coffee I have ever made wow
Who's tryna help me decorate my cap!?!
White girls are def the most entertaining ...
Discovered that thanks to my brother I have about $115 in credit at GameStop...one step closer to my Xbox one
Less separation of church and state. Ur company can refuse to honor terms of ur health insurance based on religious beliefs of owners
My entire TL is the BET awards. Lol
Hhahaahahahahha bom gol
Working all of 4th of July weekend
Actually, other than kids I think I'm the only under 30 person here
Eating corn bread and tortellini at almost 11pm because carbs. Because NOMS.
Why no questions for the hacks?
you may not know this but Linkin Park will always be my favorite out of everyone\neven 5sos im sorry but iM SORRY I LOVE THEM BUT LINKIN PARK
FINALLY tuning my guitar. I have such a long work day tomorrow but I'm going to stay up all night cleaning and being productive
And they say she's in the class A team \nStuck in her daydream \nBeen this way since 18
CROATIA LETS GOOOO
I deffinately thought wasn't wearing pants lol
perhaps we'll meet again when we're better for each other.
having more fun this first week of summer than I have had in the past year
I feel like shopping and spending money tomorrow
I wanna post this selfie but idkkk
If u think math won because of that shit about arabs, ur crazyy, shout outs to diz nigga went in
I really want to get a tattoo
One day Imma just start acting like the most generic Male created and see how many girls I can pick up
Im failing the speaking listening and writing part for Spanish
People who broadcast their political views on Facebook but clearly haven't done their homework are the bane of my existence
she bout to go downtown for a whole hourrrrr
Cousin has school at 8am -_- fhl lol
USA USA USA, THE MAN FROM TEXAS IS LIVING THE DREAM
Lol We not utilizing this shit enough
Good luck to all UNOH motorsports drivers tonight at
Puro vinito !!!
Yo cam if u ever see this\n\nWaddup
I just wanna see my mom proud, my friends happy, &amp; my passions pursued.
So one of the guys in Breathe Carolina straight up laughed at me during the show bc I was stuck in a mosh pit terrified.
havent been on nassau campus in over 2 years gonna be so weird
Pale Angels tour starts TONIGHT at Lulu's in Brooklyn!
With The Black Blade Bitch
Investments &amp; regulations we make over next 5-10 years will determine what grid looks like for next 50 years. -'s
Who tryna hook this strapping young man up with a delivery job?
It's 3:36 why are there roosters making so much noise ? :-o
Everyone likes attention regardless if they say they don't
what it's like to go to bed before midnight
I do whatever I want whenever I want.
Currently have 150 Tullys tenders in the back of the car. Very precious cargo
JAJAJAAAAJA APRENDE LO QUE ES SELFIE AMIGA
ya some girls need some tips on what not to wear lolll
Can't wait to watch Sportscenter tomorrow to hear about Lebron being compared to Jordan instead of the Spurs being champions
Happy lebron is gonna lose
GOOOOOOLLLL USA USA USA!
Messi you are KILLING me!!!!
Who's working out w me tomorrow morning ?
still too lazy to take off my makeup ugh
When I first started my own Beltran watch, he was hitting .218. Now, .209. Talk about going the other way.
I want it to be clean for when my uncle gets here, but that's impossible!
Never again will i do that gotta do it for the team the fam and the school.
Word of the Week: Everybody wants to \"turn up\" but I suggest you \"Look up\". The Lord is sending the help you've been praying for
Just got my first fishing license and ugly stick. Fun times
was quieter than today
Woke up tired and cranky and sad
Another hit for my mind to rome and do some thinking and I'll go lay down
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
What the hell was that
If only I could see Emojis. Lmao.
I forgot this was your fucking house ?
Some one take off Beasley
Mom stop talking shit about me I can hear you
T-Mobile is installing service at my house next week. The struggle is real.
This kid at the gym getting swimming lessons is freaking out yelling to his mom that there's a famous person in the gym and pointing at me??
Goodbye to 3 of my best teachers: NP, RN, &amp; pharmacist at General Medicine Clinic
I'm gonna smash your stupid little camp stool with the fire axe &amp; say it got ran over by the vehicle because fuck you.
Honestly glad they put in Chicharito he's going to make more runs Peralta was standing still up top.
Alisa makes me feel like a dick now omg
I'm in that fuck you mood right now
ogm ymg dof griffin my hejad jksut
Wanted: Persons interested in cruising the open road with me, tomorrow. Must have basic knowledge of peddling and balance. BYO bike.
Hate when say you fake n bully you its stupid , cuz they the real fake ones , all respect is lost from dem hoez -_-
So happy I am gluten and dairy free
2. Where state do you reside in?
I need someone to run at baby snail pace with me until I can actually run so I can do this race on the 12th and not die by the end
Yo naci pa los juideros
On the real, Kobe or MJ would find a way to take over this game or at least go down firing
I relate to Modern family. It's like it's an actual modern family. haha
Please please please come over im so lonely
is like a boring version of
I'm pretty sad I could have been done with college by now or in the middle of studying to do what I been dreaming of but no ... Cause broke
This swagathon is making me tired
No one likes a kiss asse
chris said we can't go on King Da Ka not bc he's scared of it, but bc it's scared of him
LMAO. Great flop, Patty. You get an Emmy.
babyy let me put ya feelings to the side
Absolute most badass\/ruthless thing I've ever seen Jack Bauer do. Stellar.
Tbh I miss Caitlin's backyard when are you coming home
ON TO THE QUARTERFINALS WEPA.
When talking to someone and they know your name but you forget their name may be one of the most uncomfortable circumstances ever.
it can be as simple as you make it
Within the first 90 seconds
When I first moved to ny I would get off at TimesSquare and shit just to explore now I'm like fuck this shit fuck these ppl y cnt I teleport
Tim Howard, naked and cutting the angle in my head
Someone's going to a good sore throat over there with all that yelling!
I'll survive, paranoid. I have lost the will to change.
Human: does something mildly annoying \nMe:yells at them
NO WAY DID I JUST SEE THAT
Turkish food isn't half bad
Don't feel like I'm going to sleep anytime soon
As of now is looking for 2 hit me or if u looking for a west coast team on 360
He wants them to become an indigenous species of Neptune avenue.He told me his master plan while wearing boxers and no shoes while driving
I wish it wasn't raining... :(
Trans women are not women born women. True. Because WBW has been used to oppress trans women, it's an emotionally charged with TS girls
I just wanna break you down so badly
I hate fucking virtual relationships. People value texts and calls over actually being there. I will never understand our generation
Just got 57s at my aunts house and the delivery boy told me my address and said don't u live there?? That's when u know I order 57s too much
cheguei em Buffalo e apenas todo mundo escuta Nickelback.... gente.
I dot take selfies with just anyone.
Any Am league got opening for xbox one?
I also watch the soccer games to scope out all the cute players hahaha
Awesome scenes today !!!
Ayyy personas que se mueren por ir a un pico y yo que me muero por que ya este la comida.
I wish I could just run away.... it's not like anyone would care
Wait and nachos from tombs
I'll have to walk a thousand miles just to find the ground deserving of your feet.
So a man walked into the McDonalds on Jamica Ave with a knife stuck in his back
if i refer to you as a stone cold bitch, it probably is because you are indeed a stone cold bitch
The amount of mosquito bites I have on my legs is not okay
Seems like funerals are the only way to get the family together
Manu just tryna eat!!!!!!
Deeksha seth,Taapse : Vellu flop cinemalu enchukontara, Flop cinemalu vellani enchu kuntaya ? Emaina track record aa ..
I literally still laugh at every part in this is the end
My immortal by evanescence is a timeless song
Could be 2-1
To my best friend, my little brother. My day one and to forever. It has been a honor growing up with you \nHappy Birthday man
I'm too delirious right now for my own good
Good 4 u.
LeBron bout to cry
World cup or house league... Soccer pisses me off
\"are you a Mexican because you are my Juan &amp; only\"
Well didn't I avoid a shitty situation today
so I don't need you no more.
I'm so fucking hungry lol
As a former \"Journal Inquirer Carrier of the Month\", I am disappointed with my paper boys effort. The morning paper was 2 hours late today.
You Aint Gotta Be Day One To Be A1 . &amp; Everybody From Day One Aint A1 .
Today's my Friday + Herrs box seats for Phils tnite! oh yeah seacrest out.
How about signing some fucking players?
What's Mr. Feeny doing in Greys Anatomy!
\"Don't yo and drink.\" \"Isn't that the only time you yo?\"
I'm so burnt I can't get off this couch
Congrats to that US student who got a bunch of press for doing something I do on a routine basis: get lost in pussy. \n\nZING!!!!!!
Parker Manu Timmy all on floor. Awesome.
hBd to the realest motherfucker I know
I really want the weekend to be here
Mom be acting like she can tell me what to do bitch you don't give me money chill
One goal puts it away come on Costa Rica!
I wake up and Tyler rolls over and says \"do you have a shovel in your pocket? Cause I'm digging that ass\"
I want the US to win today, we need this for our sucky ass World Cup legacy.
A veces, cuando renuncias a alguien, no es porque no te importe, sino porque te das cuenta de que no le importas.
Ah, San Francisco. 9:50pm and last call for food. As overpriced and lame a city as ever.
Cingada madre los esta dejando llegar....
At the Brooklyn Cyclones game, no score in the top of the 8th!
YALL BETTER FOLLOW AND GET TAYLOR TO 1mill becuz he deserves it so so much Tay if ur reading this I love u so much x13
I actually like my phone case, about time I get one
Sprayed the taxi drivers Hugo boss all over me haha
Tamar is about to Kanye her ass for the mic . Calm down chile.. You made It
I love beckermans dreads
I'm dying to go to the beach! I haven't been to the beach since my going away BBQ last year
Let's see how long I can watch before I freak out and turn it off...
Getting my freedom on today, fuck yeah.
AB SOUL ALBUM DROP TOMORROW FAM
how you tried talking to my friend then try talking to me right in front of her smh lmao niggas these days
\"We missed the reality and beauty of the forests because we were diverted by the ugliness of some of it's trees.\"
I should study
Can I rewind back to Friday. This weekend was too fun and I wanna relive it.
Almost fought some dude at prominence today. Now my blood is just boiling
\"Just because it makes me tired doesn't mean it's good for me.\" is NOT a one size fits all journey. Mind your own weaknesses.
vou gravar eu cantando antes que o dia acabe
You are my motivation to make sure I don't fail everything negative will become my positive energy
at least it's a great feeling being grown up and paying for all my mission trips around the world all by myself !
Wow 26 years God lord have mercy! Godbless
Twitter roasting people at the BET Awards &gt; The BET Awards
Am I really about to go to norths graduation ...
Something relaxing about this Poetry room :-)
Hope no one uses the headline Spurs cool Heat, capture NBA championship. No cold Heat jokes please. Though the Heat has been chilled. Oops
Ang pgka bigaon mo daw Palmolive Commercial.. To the left, to the right... Mga lalaki mo ga labyanay.
Lol randomly getting lectured by Sunny's Aunt about drinking for no reason other than it's \"dangerous\".
Bigots panicked they will be treated as THEY have treated people for millennia: Is JP Morgan Chase the next Mozilla?
SHE DID IT SHE CURSED FINALLY
I still wouldn't fuck with it cause I got nothing for spoiled overhyped rich white boys
Well I had a filling breakfast here at SFO. But I still have a lot of time to spare
Weather is always crappy on the holiday weekends
That's funny you should tweet that.\nNo but tweet it. \nTweet it. \nSend the fucking tweet JENNNN
The good thing about summer vacation is you can wear the same outfit multiple times in a row and people never notice
We live for the love. Die for the love.
I'm literally frozen I cannot deal w cold rn
These drugs are just a war with boredom
Tookah pooh going to church with out me
I want to find the one that reciprocate back to me.
I hate asking my parents for money
1 hour till and I take on jersey together
I don't wish death on em ' I just reflect off em.
such a nerve racking part right here
I miss finding glitter in my bed the next morning.
at least I know I need to work on things
People are so sensitive about MJ. It even extends to other sports, ha.
the more time I spend away from home the more i begin to appreciate my family
With the guys tmr night celebrating our one year. Looking forward to it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA RONALDO you fuck up
When I don't have glasses it always looks like I'm giving dirty looks
If I could be all tatted up w\/ a sleeve rn I would be.
Thx Jones, am relieved. Go USA!
This is a depressing Fourth of July
Just like mentally and emotionally exhausted.. I don't even know what to do with myself anymore
We never even got to kiss
All things work together for good
USA 1MINUTE IN!!!!
Basically crying with Briana watching a mom deer and baby deer reunite from like 5 feet away
Earn my loyalty, and I'll always be there for you.
WHY YOU GOTTA LEAVE THE EPISODE LIKE THAT WHAT THE HELL. TEENAGE DEREK? WHAT THE FUCK.
Don't lurk my twitter and then have the nerve to be mad about what you see .
Finally gonna see 22 jump street
Great time playing salsa with Julian Vasquez in Jersey, now bringing the funk to the LES at with
I will find someone to meet me in the city and take me out to breakfast at 9 am. It's a date so only if you single.
I think I'm officially team Marcus
\"The love of money is the root of all kinds of evil.\" If you don't live for money &amp; possessions you can walk in all kinds of freedom.
Chivis: \"I'm excited for your party\"\nMe: \"I'm actually scared\"\nChivis: \"Id be scared too if I were you\" lmao
What if fruits had to have sex to make more fruit.
The opposite of love isn't hate it's a difference
Hasta los ladrones tienen que pagarme pa' derecho a vista .
Nigga had his face in some more pussy... lil thot
I hate going to sleep so early.
Still can believe this week is over already. Some priceless memories were definitely made
Ya'll are foul as fuck lmfao currently dead if we wanted it we already would've been with it just to clarify first of al
Falling asleep during the main event of is not a good sign for the ppv...
feeling bad gets in the way of me being a dick to people
Everything im in Fairfield &amp; i go somewhere w\/ ma sis and them im always like Can Sarai Come Ctfu.
Sticky weed the best weed
Nothing like getting into a fight with your bf on pride
Now Jack is playing as a Splinter Cell agent.
Hahaah pero siempre recuerda que tu hija te quiere un mundoo :*
So Everyone In The House Decides To Piss Me Off.
USA USA! !!
I have to see my pregnant sister every week\nshes 7 months now.
Why am I awake when I don't have to be
Soccer's a gentle men's game with a bunch of punks playing. Rugby is a rough man's game with a bunch of gentlemen on the feild.
Ayeee she use to fuck with my nigga tho
Taylor Twellmans a dork
I jus need to get home tbh
i think her booty fake, she says its real tho
Is being honest really that hard? Like really?
Idk why I'm up but dm me so we can talk
4 years is a very long time when you think about it. Have to enjoy it. To be honest, this has been the hardest WC to enjoy
are you trying to be cool or
\"Your god and my god can get a hotel room and have a circle jerk for all I care.\" Pam's back bitches.
forgot i had this mild lol ahahaaha
Uk I had to catch the re run of the bet awards
Lol me and breezy just cried so much during that movie
I've watched this whole nationals brewers game since 5.... pretty fuuuuun stuff.
*cringes* I love , but she's no live performer.
No game today we get break an hopefully they start playing better tomorrow time to watch othe games today
Always keep my head up just lik my standards !!!
Have a great post brewing,probably will offend every minority, plus a few religions, plus America in general. Brainstorming titles now
Staying employed at the same company for over two years, on average, will plummet your lifetime earnings by about 50%....
The fact that I just have to cross the street to see Macy's fireworks today makes me happy
i will never understand why people act like its a sin to accept love from others
Guess that Cuban \"I'll have a mojito cause I'm Cuban, and I'm spicy\"
For those who said lost the football match because their players were . \n\nYou are pathetic losers!
Boys that have girlfriends but still try to \"talk\" to other girls &lt;&lt;&lt;
The guys running the just didn't let anyone on cause there was another boat waiting going in the other direction
Can't sleep and I have to be at work in four hours. Late night adventure anyone?
My dad can cook breakfast foods and fufu. Lmao.
\": I see subtweets ;)\" me tooo
I made Spotify accounts, use up the 7 day free trial and then make a new account. I'm trash.
evens the score 1-1
Ready for a great day of social media marketing and some great in Chicago with the Insurance industry
Work Hard Yes Play Hard Yes
Stop tryna bottle shots happen. IT AINT GONNA HAPPEN
going to miss Radio Soundcheck tonight cause I'm working ... will have to make up my own show after! .... details starting at 11ish
PLEASEEEE CAM I CANT EVEN TYPE RN IM SHAKING
I fly like paper get high like planes
They should give me the job to give all the players soccer haircuts before the World Cup everyone would be wet
My last week of tweets is all about Starbucks.... In case you were wondering how exciting my life is
\": LMAOOOO I can't even stand you\" lmao:)
I can never see a guy around my age that way.
I remember when you came to AES from Cabello i'd try to emulate your handwriting bc it was so nice!hahaha you're so skinny &amp; your brows &gt;
going on twitter when I'm slightly emotional means 'sad but true' retweets.
I am going to have to fuck a lil white bitch up in riverside bc of her mom running her mouth
Pay the extra dollar &amp; buy all books at a local bookstore. Unless you want your children's children to never know the smell of a paperback.
Okay I lied in gonna tweet 4 more times and then I'm gonna be off for the next couple hours
I wanna get drunk this weekend next weekend the whole damn summer
Ya ni me acordaba que los black berrys existian
making a foool outta myself is my specialty
I wanna hear luke say \"Juliette\" in person, I think I would die
Just heard Brooklyn woman say she had to break up with her boyfriend because he's \"like, obsessed with robots.\" A new thing to worry about.
Its not that I don't want you in my life, you just don't deserve to be in my life.
Damn,i just got back with another 40.
Fuck n that annoying happy song
It's already the 4th of July wut
My restaurant is completely booked for tomorrow's USA game. Need to be prepared to be superwoman for the day!
White people probably like why's everyone beeping!?
Great now i get dropped off at the airport somewhere &amp; im lost tryna find my next bus
\": I'm on every social network as \" JUST DID!!
Welcome back , there is hope again in Dallas; bet picked him up at DFW
Track walk time on 3.4 miles HUMAN POWERED!
someone really got low with my wavy ass nirvana lighter smh
Sunseta are sexy
Hell of a game by goodshit man! Congrats!
Im tryna hit the gym asap
Reflecting on today lmaooo
It felt like you really knew me, now it feels like you see through me
In the words of Ron Swanson: \"History started on July 4th, 1776. Everything before that was a mistake.\"
can we just be graduated already? lol not feeling this at all
I remember when paulina used to talk to a Dino
After 13 years, is still at the top of its game. Love it!
Goodnight everyone. Remember, never settle for less. You're worth more!
Get in good with your bartender, that way when you take a date to the bar he'll make her drinks really strong.
That's the dogs name right ? Lol
A beautiful face was all that you had, cause on the inside you're ugly mad
Married people don't know two diff versions of Let It Go came on back to back in my shuffle. That ring's not lookin so big now is it bruh
New perfume that I want and I need to save up for Justin's new tour.
Tamar so shady love itttt Lol
.well, to be fair, I did use more than my share of Afro Sheen in the 60s and 70s.
You'd lose your mind trying to understand mine.
Thankfully we have the US all time leading scorer on the bench - ready to play - DOH !
I'm not sorry for anything.
No but I really want to go to college I worked to hard my senior year
Oh my gosh!!! Mockingjay Part 1 trailer comes out in a few days!!! Freaking out!!!!
My dad gets on the wrong train, what an idiot
No I wasn't watching tv or anything feel free to come in and start a fucking parade in the living room you assholes.
Another night another trip the the Bee Bar
1st Day Westcoast wake ups are always rough..By the looks of attendees..This 1st year of the Steph Curry Guard Camp should be great!
All of JoJo is amazing except Part 3 and Part 5
Shoutout to for killing me today
And you, son of man, set your face against the daughters of your people who prophesy out of THEIR heart, and prophesy against them...
Shakira is never allowed to die because no one else could write and song World Cup songs like she does
My dad trying to figure out his iPhone is the funniest thing in the world
I Forreal was about to fight this dude for almost stepping on my Jordan's. I repeat ALMOST stepping on them. So... Yup
Driving to Holbrook because Iftar is 2 min earlier there lol
You're a cunt. End of story.
Todos quieren sexo con ella, y ella de todos se burla, o poco se junta...(88)\"
I just don't understand why everytime this happens
My week will be full of dreadful hours at work, but then Saturday Life in Color will bring out the bestttttt!
What are this speeches about?
Omg I have pizza from pizza hut. Life made
My mom didnt cook anything and im starving and im too lazy to go outside ugh fml
I hit that point where I'm probably just not going to sleep tonight
I'm trying to eat dinner in peace. Kindly, go fuck right off.
\"I love how my kids know who is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian. # NothingWrongWithThat\"
My Uncle tricked me into eating out so he could pester me with life questions
Going to bed bc I literally can't deal with people anymore
Ugh I really want to see 22 jumpstreet tonight
I'm honestly so done with this
idk why you have a phone because you NEVER answer it
sometimes i forget people outside the gc text me so i never text anyone else back
Who got gta5 on ps3 inbox me if you do
All I want to do is go to upper east side Manhattan and live like Blair Waldorf forever.
you ever just keep some shit to yourself but for surely know you'll bring it up when you're drunk and it's like annoying ugh
Shocked the keeper
Guy looks like a meth addict
but seriously who's taking me to the beach tomorrow???????
If you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough, and if you're going to be bitter, you should at least be cute.
The season finale of had me feeling all sorts of things.
They just played Sweet Caroline at Citizen's Bank Park. The Phillies really are having an identity crisis.
peguei icons e headers do projeto x
I consider it particularly unnerving to realize that none of you are you, or who you think you are. You are just a product of circumstance.
Friends come and go but jollof rice is forever
Lil nigga was tellin me how much beef they in over in the East Bay and I said \"drop all that shit. Go chase money.\"
I got a stack for the freak show
Ima go home soon I hope we don't go to another bar
And along with the big paycheck came news that I am going on salary starting the 7th
If you don't watch the World Cup on Univision, you're not watching the World Cup.
Online shopping before Monday even hits 7:30.
And were done
I still hate Boston -______-
Low key would be v flattered if a person used my pictures to catfish someone
Ohh that was painful..
when Michael grabbed my note i mouthed \"i love you\" and he winked at me and made a heart with his hands and mouthed \"i love you too\" goodbye
DEMPSEY WITH THE TEAM ON HIS BACK
\"John Green's success is like the way I fell asleep, slowly then all at once\"... too soon? LOL, hope Looking for Alaska won't be a let down
I seriously fucking hate Middle Country. Is it that big of a dahm deal to let us see our grades?!
Apuesto que CHIRIBOGA EL PUTO ESTE, contrata a un SEVILLA o a un CARLOS QUINTEROS, tecnicos mediocres y baratos para ECUADOR.
If You Failed Your US History Regents I Should Not See You In Red, White and Blue. Stay Your Ass Home Today.
It felt good to be back on the court!
Lei is one of the realest girls Ive ever met.
some girls just know how to piss mans off
Even when I'm right next to you, I'm still so far.
again more crap omg this is our final Ejami days it shld b filled with lots of Ejami loving&amp;afterglow toss in a lil ejamily &amp; perfect
Just almost choked to death in the middle of Ruby Tuesdays
Gonna have dinner at and 's apartment tonight. I get to pet the silly kitty.
Everybody makes mistakes, but you either learn from that mistake or you just keep doing it.
I hate Monday for work back
There's a dog outside my window. Which is odd, cause my mom doesn't have a dog.........
The Best Bars In America dudes have arguably the best job.
Found them they were on my lamp
Lobster ravioli's might be my new favorite food
My gym is open 24 hours I'm about to go back
\": you made a huge mistake\"
Crazy how much money motivates the things we do... I wish it was different
What time does summer school start tomorrow?
I'm so mad why lil Wayne fucked up his dreads....
Can't tell if it's raining or if there's someone in my backyard
One of the greatest things of is
Zana be like imma block them for a day and then unblock them because I miss them
It's a Friday night, it's a small town girl\nEverything is right and we rule the world\n2 twelve's in the truck back, beating
Hop out the range..hop in yo bitch
Love being able to go back to being my nocturnal self during the summer
Went to get skittles from the vending machine. Got the 3x combo. 2014 is my year
124: you're super nice but I don't know you too well
And that's what's wrong w this world.
New tomorrow.. need sleep, now.
Good fucking shit USA
Shedding real years because JJ didn't get a rose.
Sciencing all day and Star Trekking all night. Time to call it a day, folks.
Lmfao where's that rain at. Pours for 30 secs and then finishes
When u tweet a vine and it tweets the caption
Wish I could turn off my thoughts at night
She accidentally pulled back on to the expressway instead of into our hotel. How does that even happen?
Hate my freckles
Idc tho. I don't see why niggas from the past try &amp; come back into my life all confident like they know they'll have a chance again. Boo bye
I had a blast seeing the new film at its world premier! Thx ! + + = !
Lmfao this girl is really starting to annoy the fuck out of me.
WHO HAS MW2 FOR XBOX 360 ILL COP DAT RN !!!!
He looks pissed. Dot piss off the Demps.
And i want it all back. You never miss a good thing til its gone.
Brandon is legit angry because my mom said that I'm slightly more mature then he is
Jacee always brightens up my day
All these niggas know my name,... whoop whoop!.
\"I think I'm gonna move here just so I can get my food delivered to me whenever I want\" -
Yea most people on Catfish are completed idiots, but I feel bad for some of them.
I really feel bad for the people that dont go out and see different things in our world.
Dad can we get togos\n\nWhy don't you just put avocado on a ricecake \n\nBye
Just realized Bubblegum from and Starfire from are voiced by the same woman!
Even if you crash on me spontaneously while I AM TRYING TO GET WORK DONE.
It hasn't hit me yet that middle school is pretty much over...woah
HOW IS THE WEEKND GONNA HAVE A TOUR WITH NO NEW ALBUM. IM SICK. THIS NIGGA IS CORNY
FUCK YAH AMERICA
yeah shoulda put donovan on the roster
So happy Teen Wolf is back on \n
My friends have abandoned me in a hotel room by myself for 3 hours now...
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THAT WAS PERFECT
My fav chocolates are hersheys kisses :)
Just got paid and my check was gone within seconds
The scene picked to show from the actress, was nuts!?!. She did about 10 lines of the storyline.
Ive literally had a headache all day
repeat since I missed it! Perfect Monday night tv!
My best friend knows the struggles I've survived.
I honestly would rather graduate late than take another summer class
Runaway as fast as you cannnn
When you go home and go out to a bar and everyone from high school is there but doesn't acknowledge you.
Or nah -- the weeknd remix &gt;&gt;
When I was having those problems last year everyone was trying to help me. Now that I'm better and got over it, everyone is just ignoring me
the cast of orange is the new black is not game at all stop reaching
Should I check out the steam summer sale lol it's a bad idea
Just had dinner at Rose Water in very good wine list. Tasty, seasonal food. Chickpea, onion, English pea salad yes!!!
filmed with the lovely and two of the most beautiful women I've ever seen
Aqib Talib is about one of the stupidest pro athletes out there
Vacation will always be a preferred movie on my lists
My cousin better come thru with that ID for Reno
Anybody else vibing a monster mash session? That'd be chill.
So Jesse grand slam I'm calling it
I miss 1 minute of the game and USA scores a goal?
Hitting up social media every morning tho be like .....
They're already starting with the fireworks.
recap: no sleep, little food, lots of alcohol, and countless dev-orgasms
I could easily break the world record for most spiders on your face at one time.
Hey New York. What do I absolutely have to do in the Rockaways?
When you've been through it before, you start to recognize the same signs.
140.3lbs. 25miles GMR and pool party
Goal Ibesevic! The St. Louis Native (He could've played for the US nats if they scouted him)
I think people empty quote stuff cause they don't wanna see other people's Avis on their page lol
Pulled up on these two fines twins named Candy and Crystal. Its like their mom wanted them to be hoes lmao
Might go to a Bastille I really hope I can go they have been my favorite band for a long time there concerts look so epic.
Ok jk gossip girl is good now
i got stuck underground on the E train for 52 minutes this evening is that a normal new york thing
I can tell that the old man a few machines down from me is watchin the cup because both our fists flew up when Jones scored.
Jose Bautista is active? Let it rip!!
Mama Everything I do I do for you
Cant wait till she sends my mom her link
I've had such for this run since I saw it was on the schedule. Good luck
Does anyone actually answer private calls whoever calling me must think they do
Someone singing in front of me smelt like vinegar
A good relationship is worth the wait.
Fried food isn't unhealthy if you eat it on the boardwalk, right?
Hey what time are you playing tonight? I'm hearing second to last
Yeah, I remember seeing kings are cup champs commercials 2 years ago but luckily it doesn't faze me as much this year
Oh yea got off of work today and now I get to watch the games
Short girls aren't allowed to like guys over 6ft. The tall girls can't be left with midgets
Movies becoming a valid date based on it price......start taking these hoes to matinees
USA USA USA I BELIEVE
I mean real asshole. Like hes not a nice person at all.
How do you deactivate twitter ?
Ok, just sat down and and spent some time with a PMC tower speaker. Fuck me they are good. Might have to push that 1911 purchase back...
Watching Hot Rod for the first time ever.
Lmao got that nrg for that nrg
TW\nPost-assault I've always felt incredibly dirty, in a way that no amount of showers could cleanse.
\"It's fucking true, the Indians told me\" -
Now I actually want to go to Mexico
Whoever excepts a person that is 16-19 to settle down in a committed relationship is kinda crazy
The days are easy to endure. It's just that moment when something reminds you of what you've been hiding from, is what gets ya.
How to end up straight in the trash: \"My client, a start up, are looking for strong technologists ideally from Ivy League schools\"
\": What to watch on Netflix\"
I went to a Guide Shop and I liked it!
Apartment hunting is so stressful. :(
the first track on Dylan's recent-ish album \"Tempest\" is a swing tune (&amp; a cowrite with R. Hunter): Duquesne Whistle.
Paying for pizza in change is satisfying as phuck
Watching the world cup on my day off
Wow can't believe Jaime Lynn spears from Zoey 101 is now a country singer
Helena is the funniest clone imo
Don't start. I would go to the end of the fucking world for u.
I wanna go to Amsterdam one day
Nobody is tweeting about manu right now...
up early, hungry and just grumpy yo.
Por mas duro que venga, voii!
Tanto que critican a Messi \ny CR7 ni se vio hoy ....
BBQ chips will forever be my best friend
0 to 100 real quick I'm gone
Caught between what you want and what you deserve
Level 35 in Two Dots is killing me
WE SCORED AS SOON AS I LEFT THE HOUSE C O O L
lol you ain't been checkin in wit a p its about that time too tap in lol
What does one wear to djais? Heels ? Wedges ?
Mirror, Mirror, on the wall, who's the most of them all?
I'm not the black eye peas but I carry the pees like will I am
If there are boundaries, I will try to knock them down
Luisana Lopilato es el ser mas lindo del planeta
When I work out I stare at the triangl swimwear website for motivation
This girls crop top was so short her bra clip was showing in the back hahaha
At this point I couldn't care less about chem I just want the test to be over
Not mentally or emotionally prepared for today work 11-6
USA is losing all their players
que la noche esta ardiente, la temperatura sube!!
Could you love me in a Bentley? Could you love me on a bus?
Everyone is cleaning the subway right now and I'm just like long live the rats let them prosper
&amp;&amp; if you have a problem speak up already
Watching this live stream is heaven
I've been on wanelo pretty much all morning and I just want everything
This Is why I don't stay up late because I think to much
hey r u in the illuminati? asking for
it's pretty sad that I've cried so much,\n I have no tears left to cry..
My phone is literally dead, like today I've only texted two people lol my little sister and this cutie
WTF KOURTNEYS NEW HOUSE IS GORGEOUS
Why did they put him in a bucket?
Someone come over &amp; watch netflix with me please
Lmfao my mom just asked me to make breakfast I forgot she had jokes
\" which obviously about me \"
When did USA get the guy from savages?
The first time someone shows you who they really are - believe them.
Manu\/Messi. \n\nBoth are Argentinian. \n\nBoth are lefty.\n\nBoth are RUTHLESSLY clinical.
Someone come get good with me
Just laid down in bed and a picture frame hanging on my wall fell down right onto my nose
sometimes it's not the person you like, but their presence and the fact of somebody being there is what we really like..
SA closing shop?
The things I do to make my kids laugh!! Lol I'm hurt but their laughing so it's okay!
If u have a dollar sign tattooed in the middle of ur forehead u better have more money than Donald trump. If not, u just look stupid.
Bring on wondo!
willies so bored that she's tweeting me while she's right next to me lol
I See Qualities In A Bad
Bouta play halo i dont care
I'll ride with you through bullshit, just don't bullshit me.
Why this niggas calling me 'my love' ..I dont know you like that dude!
I've gotten used to not wearing my signature winged eyeliner, that it's kind of scary..
I can't even find my other ankle sock and he finds a transformer
How can you take offense when someone addresses a crowd that you're not???that's
\": Never talking to skylar again\"im sorry now I gotta go delete my nice tweet about you
Literally too cold to pull the stop request thing
Im not fuckin wit babygirl unless her head good
don't even bother to go on ig in the morning pass 12 o'clock
Instead I had my mamas actual fahu cut my hair.
feel for ya bro but turkey didn't even get in and England didn't win one that said, U S A !!!
The Pier was crazy lmao from what I remember
Yo that shit is broken
My dad says he has 7 days worth of music
\"Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo\" - Jon Sinclair
shows like Rising Star are cool and all, but suck for people on west coast because it's previously recorded so we can't vote.
Why do couples so frequently invite me to threesome? Like what does this say about me?
In the past two months have had 3 people I used to look up to tell me they live vicariously through me .. must b doin something right!
The showroom is so nice.
This girl is so fucking annoying man good thing i have selective hearing cause im not listening to a thing this girl is saying to me
This supreme court ruling just made my blood boil...
Why do people make up lies about their life?
No se por que adumen que peliroja es igual a sexo , malparidos
When I where my contacts, I feel like every object in the world was put here for me to admire in living color and dimension.
Hey fat person buying all the health food in the grocery store that recommended, stop it! It's about portion control not just food.
My calendar is blocked from 12p-2p at work. I'm ready.
even the word Bae is senseless, rihanna taught us everybody Bae these days
Deja is the biggest cry baby I know lol
Really considering jus leaving and only wamting one person by myside.
S\/o to this pizza tho
Sapiosexual is one of the worst songs I've ever heard bruh.
feel me tho? Why you tryina act like people don't like you when there are actually people in the world that aren't liked and aren't popular
The 18U Cyclones beat the Washington County Nationals 4-0 in 13 innings, improving to 5-2! 8IP 3H 5K W 5IP 3H 9K
I wish the weather would stop changing for tomorrow!
You made it feel right . When you knew it was wrong
im not sure how I feel about an old dude hanging with cam and nash. i mean i know its management but it's just way too creepy okay bye.
The solo performances haven't even begun yet, and this crowd is already awesome! it's going to be a great night...
Wow as soon as I tweeted that, they still got a chance then
Trying to finish a video I have been preparing its gonna be awesome! I love my followers
Forget it. Im too pissed to care about anything or anyone rn.
You &amp; me against the world...
I just wana smoke &amp; eat rn lol.
Everybody but me getting cuffed .... I think its me .... Like maybe imma not right or sum
1 Thot says another Thot is a hoe because she slept wit their friends man , but goes ahead and do the same thing shit wit the same guy
It's understandable when you're by some type of water but if you're going on a shopping spree or for brunch thennnn yeah naaaa
It's so weird that Sterling, the street that caused me so much trauma, also feels so much like home always.
Happy Father's Day, I hope you get hit by a truck \"daddy\"
JACOB YOUR FUCKING VOICE MAKES ME CRY DO YOU KNOW THAT
Some girls hope to marry within their religion. I hope to marry within the Jets\/Mets\/Isles fanbase.
I hate when you have to leave and I come back and lay down with no one.
I just don't know why I can't sleep
They always playing \"Is there a God?\"
Goin for a run, then shower, then... !??
Who wants to go to night slides with me and ponce?
Walk from the civic center to the ferry building = Too Intense
Wow so far I'm super unimpressed
OK THAT WAS LIKE THE SCARIEST PICTURE IVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE WTF NO
\"We don't have to worry about Serena as much as Roger.\" ESPN about retiring. WHAT???,
I think I'm in need of a girl at all times.
Bachelorette drinking game- every time Josh wears a hideous scarf, fill your wine glass with tears.
Happy Birthday Fabio.
Good goal way to be
Watch me not get 50rts and end up being naked for no reason
Awesome goal. The crowd is well turned on.
feelin like a bag of bones, shrivelled up and cold.
Just realizing that Verizon told me my phone was suppose to be in by today...
Come on France, beat the Germans
My game of with my children has mired me in seemingly unwinnable positions in both Afghanistan &amp; Ukraine. Totally unrealistic
I swear to god if I see one more flower headband with the ridiculously large flowers I'm gonna lose my shit.
arnab goswami proves himself once again as a funny joker
the heat gave up
Loved seeing all the Buffalonians in NYC this past weekend. We took over that city.
\": I am a divine creation - one of God's masterpieces.\"
All I know is I don't want this night to end
Moms holding a grudge cause I went to chipotle and didn't bring anything back for her.
My fucking neighbors are having carna asada, it smells fucking,, good mmmn
I'm damn near an adult, and you treat me like I just turned 13z
A service where you can buy a domain and edit a really fucking simple page, no HTML. For single serving sites. No other features.
The fact that Pharell just beat Beyonce who had double the odds of winning is the prime reason why Lupita isn't there
En este caso para mi ocultar es lo mismo que mentir. Liiiiiiisto.
TEAM3D vs Hardy Boyz TLC
.Does anyone \"own\" a SLUR?
I know I am sick if I can only eat half a slice of my pizza
I can't even type anymore clearly I need to reevaluate my life. Had a blast with tho!!!!
If this man doesn't hurry up with my hair I WILL pass out on this chair
THIS ROOT BEER ICE CREAM IS FRIKEN GOOD
I'm the only teen not watching this bet awards.
people who ship aokaga are interesting
Jillian ordered nothing yet still made a huge mess on the table
am i wrong for thinking that we could be something forreal ?
Did it hurt when you broke through the earth's crust ascending from hell?
Faith without WORKS is dead! God gives you the vision, but YOU must take the necessary steps to complete the work! &amp;GO
This Soccer Gods show on Fusion is pretty awful. Its like, let's strip Men in Blazers of its fantastic commentary and have 2 guys bro out.
Speolstra should loss his job, he should blow a gasket, he should bring in Oden!!! Why won't he use him? Why?
I need to meet at warped this year, I just need too
Oh what's that NYC, you have free hip-hop classes?
New York city is a place of opportunity
Just saw Michael Bay's latest in the destruction porn series known as Transformers
If I give you good dick, WHO GIVES A FUCK IF I TEXT YOU OR NOT UNTIL I WANT IT AGAIN
im so happy I have good skin. I have OCD and I freak out when I even get half a pimple.
36 seconds lol
While everyone tweeting about Shawn's new single . I'm fucking crying cause I can't get it until Friday. I hate my life
UR LYFE IS A RIDICULOUS SCRIPTED JOKE!!!!!!!
Gotta thank god for this weather
are you fuckin serious. better get their shit together
I'm so hard on myself, I've gotta lighten up. Everyone makes mistakes.
Japanese food ... Thai food ... And Chinese food&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Messi enough said
Feels got to be back in NYC. And now that I'm not in earshot of SF folks, SF pizza is overrated.
Everyone one like \"it's 9 in the morning yo wtf is with him\" and I'm like \"chill I got a weed addiction\"
It would be nice to actually talk to you
Wheres the slander tho? Before i get in my feelings like last night
Having snapchat back for only a few hours made me realize i still hate it
Woah oh oh oh I just wanna be a rockstarrrrr
THIS POST CAR ACCIDENT BLAIR\/CHUCK EPISODE IS BREAKING MY HEART
It hurt. Too much . Smh
Koji avoids the dreaded two blown save game. Was Doolittle pinch hitting a concession or were the A's out of players?
BTW GUYS I AM RED FISH (REDDY OR MIA) AND CIA IS MY BFF
*Man from Nantucket shatters hurtful stereotypes by being unable to suck his own dick*
A lot of people on here be talking out of their ass.
20 foot eagle putt slides by right edge. tap in bird.
I'm sure your bf wouldn't like you snapchatting guys who used to like love you ha ha hahah ha hahah haha HA a h ahHAhahah
When bitches be trippin. All hell
SUpalpal na naman si Shiela!!! Toinkz!!!
Damn dog ate my sandwich while I was in the store!!!!!!!!!
5oclock best time of the day , I'm finally free to do wateva , finna catch up on sum zzzz's that's what ima do
Please stop screaming at me my head is already spinning
Tea party stupids is a part of your party..good!.you all fed the monster and now they serve2 bite you all in the asses
I went to sleep with sweatpants and high socks on so please tell me how I wake up with mosquito notes all over my legs
Cesaro sucks but he better kick del rio's candy ass and break him
I just misplaced a bottle of Jack and stepped barefooted into dog shit in the same 5 minutes
Ambrose showing shades of the late Brian Pillman
It ain't a Game of Thrones finale without at least four major character deaths.
I want someone to call me Codie Jane like August calls Hazel, Hazel Grace
Yall think its a game ... Dudes snatching girls off the streets and selling them out
The feeling of being wanted and the feeling of someone making you happy is awesome
MY DAY COULD NOT LITERALLY GET ANY WORSE.
\"And I'm going to get 'good vibes' done right here\" v serious girl explaining her v serious future tattoo
esta noche tan bonita con tigo quiero estar
The old episodes of boondocks are 10x better
And may the wings of your eyeliner forever be even...
cute girls make me want to set myself on fire
You honestly cannot say (in your right might) durk is better than Gucci
GET HYPE! US is going to beat Portugal today
Mason and Penelope are so adorable
QUE CERQUITA COSTA RICA ESTA A 2 PARTIDOS DE LLEGAR A LA FINAL, SI SACAN A HOLANDA JUGARAN LA SEMIFINAL
Haha so he still made macaroni cheese for me, haha
let's all just boycott this test
Happy to go but cant wait to just get back
Ughhh stop being a Thot already
Does anyone want to be American and go sit in front of Starbucks with me in a bit?
I can't escape, these walls I made, containing me.
Take sometime to find yourself and watch how happy you are when you do
Why would you even tweet that lol
That hashtag was gay tho lol
If y'all think is not my gf you must be out your alcoholic mind lmao
But when I ask for my boyfriend to sleep here or I sleep there its a no. My sisters fucking 13 wtf.
\"Be polite, be professional, but have a plan to kill everyone you meet!\"
Tu ere un pariguayo tu ere un pariguayo
Wait y'all gotta wait till Wednesday
Literally just wanna curl up in a ball and just sleep and not talk to anyone forever
Jermaine Jones is nasty
I'm not really sure I believe in second chances
Okay Miami clearly just have up
So iam the first obe to graduate from my family and my mother didt even congradute me smh thats how bad our relation is.......shrugs
I want to delete my twitter
I'm really not needy as long as you're not a scum bag with me I'm good
I have a dream to make hits that are simple song forms+soundscapes as musically, texturally, rhythmically potent as symphonies.
Seem like hos are the only ones that get relationships these days
You always said you had no luck with love. Haunted by the morals that you always put these men above.
What are friends for.
Its summer and im still in spring quarter -.-
Be scared. Be very scared. Sat. Night \/Fychannel 9pm
Get that money I aint gone say shiddd
rt : As a you hate small talk. If they can't hold a conversation they shouldnt be texting you at all.
Come on b
I wonder if you can hashtag emojis
Not sure if I'm offended Billy's mom didn't recognize me because \"I look prettier\".
Honestly nothing's worth it right now
Determined to not let this summer suck
Ooooo the movie Breakin is on. Dance is a whole new deal now.
Today was another hardcore basketball day.
They Ghana blow it! USA in seconds daaaaaamn
This niggas really boutta start making suicide jokes now
Like who are you everyone disowned you 6 months ago..
Honestly l just really don't even care anymore !
Ciertas personas confunden el sexo con amor.
im still in shock with everything rn
lol i really fuckin hate my life
Ronaldo you goddam idiot!
Mills went to Reggie Miller's school of flopping!!
\"You can't feel that much guilt without love\"
This vacations gonna do me a lot of good
Word on the street I'm a suspect hanging with the myrtles in the projects
Praying to Allah that I passed my algebra Regents I don't even care if it's 65 I just wanna pass that shit
that shit love can make you blind to a lot of shit
Want the cookie so I gotta chips Ahoy this niggas
Shit, if I get this Milpitas place, I'm gonna get my movie pass again. Movies for days.
Come on !
Everybody is busy? Oh well. Time for some more Destiny!!
If you ever wanna lose weight.. Just play hockey 5 days a weeek the weight will just come right off you
Kittens are cute until they get bigger... Then I don't want them anymore.
Dan and Serena engage in so much pda man
I saw Laverne cox from orange is the new black. Day made
we're about to have more than a handle a person this weekend... wut
It must be tough working at target\nYou can't piss any customers off\nNot when your walking around with a big bullseye on your back
big sur is easily one of the most beautiful places in california
whatever I guess
Who wants to be my 200th follower? Holla.
Five best groups of all time 1) beatles 2) pink floyd 3) nirvana 4) wu tang clan 5) Alice in chains
Kawawa naman ung mga muka nilang talunan! :( sa susunod nalang!
Can never scroll through my twitter feed on Monday nights between 5 and 8 because is everywhere
Looking at the year book from middle school is deadass jokes
Who wants to start a daily workout but starting tomorrow no slacker.
The better you are to people the shittier they are to you
Pharrell borrow that hat from smokey the bear lol
ps i met chelsea grin twice my life is so good
First u wanna leave then you never go i'mma set u free cause baby you don't know whatttttttttttt
Tryna find some ppl to go to 6 flags with me ...
The thrill of finally filling your William Stout frequent buyers card and realizing you now have over $100 store credit to spend...
In need of a cute girl that's willing to go to shows \/ festivals \/ and the beach
Next to douchebro wearing a button-up and sunglasses on his head, not even paying attention to the game. Plz same something worth tweeting
If we go out &amp; you complaining .. Don't go out with me
Yes cus I sure need it
I just wanted to see you
Let me just be nice this week,maybe it will fly by that way
I just got played ode like I was born last night
Although I don't miss east coast humidity.
about time we get on the subway &amp; go back home.
The wifi setup is being a fucking pain in the ass.
Don't allow society to turn you into a person you are not
I wonder if this sports bar shows Olympic gymnastics too
Cat has stopped meowing for now. Hopefully has run out of oxygen and fell over dead.
mom bought firecracker popsicles im in love
Sather playing cards I think, waiting for the second round
Skilled at what i do !
first thing i did when i woke up was text my drug dealer
Damn,Daniel taking his 55 incher out to the delta.
Just tested my Cuzin: Yo yo! Your pops got some dro? Lol
What the fuck do I do to people to always get treated like shit.
Twerking vids are so annoying fcking thots
Kanjam over basketball?? Hahaha yea right.
some of your best memories will come from some of your most foolish decisions
Omg damn nani
Yooooooo. It's 2014. Why am I still fighting for my rights?
As I sit here tweeting from work all I can say is I BELIEVE IN BUFFALO GALAMAD
All these years I just used it for storage. A waste. I will make up for lost time by staying here until November.
Im tired no these no name, , fake ass wanna be rappers following me lol
bitch who do you love? me or Chanel? I bet a bag make her happy like she was Pharrell
These people I live with are forcing me to spend time with them and like I've never been more annoyed
High School Report Cards: Now Available On Line? Great Boat To Miss.
So incredibly tired..... I should be out enjoying the NYC night life but the 3:45am wake up has caught up
Heart is racing
so good thing my parents decided not to drive to the vineyard in a storm that didn't even happen
I'm in a relationship with God , and trying to meet my goals. That's all I need.
Thank god for Demsey
saben que mi tio hermoso le va a argentina ahorita le debe estar dando una vaina
they are amazing
Lol my lungs hella suck now
Bottom of the 7th down by 1...3-2 game 2 outs man on 1st and 2nd. What do you do? If u are u drop head and hit a walk off dub!
I really can't bring no female friend or associate around Virgil at all
Today I learned that the generation that follows millennials is called \"Generation Z\" because apparently originality is dead.
O yay jesus heard my tweet electricitys back
don't follow ur dreams, follow my twitter
To think 3 days ago we were perfectly fine
This is unbelievable. What a come back.
That's why there was still ticking at the end of the last episode. Damn Jack you sneaky bastard!
I think he was taken by the Chinese mafia.
\": IMMA DROP KICK THAT JUJU ASS NIGGA IN HIS FACE , THATS WHY GHANA GONNA LOSE , fuck em , DEMPSEY YOU IGHT PLAY !\" wow
You've decided there is so much more than me.
The cheers Joe Biden just got were unprecedented
There is something seriously wrong with the power right now.
like i hate being talked about in spanish.. it's like hello!!! i understand you!! i get everything you're saying!! i'm just light skinned!!!
Lmao a room full of Central Americans going for and one Greek
I want moneyyy, all your powerrrr, and all your gloryyyyy
\": Desean Jackson ain't worried about those interview questions. He trying to see what that mouf do\"
I love Poussey and Taystee's relationship
\"I tried my best to be what you wanted, but I realized if I was worth it to you, you would have caught me when you made me fall for you.\"
In a world where misinformation runs rampant, how am I to believe anything at all, less I see it, hear it, experience it myself
Todo de fotos de voce sao muito sensual
omg i love when i see old friends who were skinny get fattttt lovelovelove. IM HONEST, I KNOW U THINK IT!
I needa cut b...I been growing out my hair but I'm tired of this shit I'm getting my tomorrow morning ASAP
*waits for tl to talk about 2*
And now all the LeBron haters can come out of hiding
And authenticity nicki none is real bout nick n it's called a persona jus cuz is white that makes her unauthentic?
Well that was just like a bullet straight to my heart
No recuerdooo lo que sucedioo
Si llego al mes y medio entrenando me compro mi venenito.
So much has changed in literally a year
As of today, I own an Apple TV
Well, now I just feel stupid. Haha
Ppl who only like all time low bc of 5sos r ppl u don't need in ur life
I'm so happy I saved half my mi pueblo burrito. I'm finna smoke and gruubbbb
Seattle to San Francisco right after Everfree for a screening of the brony tale documentary? \nCan do!
Want your car to have a faster 0-60? Lose some weight. stop being fat. the more weight, the more downforce.
I had my first issue with a gay man - his legs were so nice &amp; toned .. Much nicer than mine .. And I loved his outfit ...
Look who showed up! Vintage vintage Messi!!!
Omfg the nap in my hair
My specious project of strictly personal interest wasn't picked up by the fat cats at Jim's Talent Agency. So now you... give me your money.
Everyone is so materialistic.. Including myself
Almost been like 2-3 years that I've gotten it (-:
Damn I love these PKs! Sawp Costa Rica
They might relate to what I've gone threw but they will NEVER understand the pain in my shoes!
I've never met someone who seemed so interested in what I think about things. What a concept.
Exciting news (or terrible, depending on your POV): gave me , so I will be watching episodes until my laptop dies.
My mom keeping adding stuff for me too cook like we have hella people to feed
This time and a half pay is the only thing making this shift worthwhile
Taking Van Persie out was either really smart, or extremely stupid.
\"Grab a patriotic Budweiser and support the troops\"\n\nThat's just....\n\nJust no.
New Yorker native superiority is bullshit, unworthy of the greatest city ever. Myopia blinds them to the city's true distinctiveness.
Up in Hova office now like he the fucking principal
I just witnessed a raccoon jump from the top of an 18-wheeler speeding down 537 and sprint down the road in the broad daylight
nothing's better than cleaning the kitchen at night before bed then having to get up in the morning and clean it again. everyday.
Have the house to myself too bad I don't have friends
send me away with the words of a love song
I don't remember tweeting \"omg\" but I got 2 favorites so I guess I'll keep it
Back in the good old day, knew how to brawl, talkin real gun slingers, talkin real outlaws
Summer is gonna be extraaaaaa long for me this year. :-)
Crazy how different players from different sport teams are watching this US game
Not enough time in my day for everyones bullshit
Every time I finish a song on Pandora and go to turn it off a better song comes on and I have to listen to it
I hate that fucking follow button on the side.
Soooooo what good with Dallas? Who am I driving with?
My dad just got overwhelmed at shoprite because there's so many choices of light bulbs
Good to know you still can't respect one of the few things I actually have asked of you
City Park tomorrow.... Make sure everybody be there...
There is some fucked up shit on world star
..ummm but youll cover a fucked up drunken night of Tattoo'n..Removal?? Wait i must be confused..
Questions from Panera customers: \"what's the difference between the tortellini Alfredo and chicken tortellini Alfredo?\"
Great job come to nyc to give a sesh on your class and experience.
\"You gave me a forever within the numbered days.\" -John Green, TFIOS
I wanna be naked on shrooms in the forest and have a cabin to come down in
Cam my baby drop ? Thanks
I just pulled into dippin out of complete habit to get a coffee and I didn't even want one. They definitely put crack in their coffee...
Why does it smell like breakfast sausage in this house?
USA vs Ghana : 0ne gol for the first 30 seconds to USA ... Make more gols!!
Why does girl have more than 1000 pictures on their phone lol
You got better plans? Go ahead
When you get to Michelle's graduation before Michelle
I just want my mom to love me; is that too much to ask for ),:
but they like to pull us in for photo ops so they can look more progressive than they really are, then make drag queen jokes when they leave
This weekend was so amazing, . Another life changer
Just one more kiss goodbye leads to a hundred kisses to goodnight
I don't even know what to say
ALLEZ ALLEZ ALLEZ!!!!!!
Made it to San Jose #
AND THATS WHY I WAS WORRIED AS FUCK WHEN I THOUGH JERMAINE WAS INJURED!!!
The way how I'm happy! If my girl give away the pussy! I would just say \"baby I understand!\"
Que buenos fichajes esta haciendo El manchester united , puras promesas !
The birds are chirping in Harlem this morning.
saw last night w\/ epic but them damn hs teens in the theater would not stfu!
Alright cry cry baby
my so far all prep - we're going big, you best come see us at FIT tonite :)
Tell me why gorillas got better hairlines than
Laura Bell \"I'll take your Tony AND your man\" Bundy
\": I want someone to want me, all me. Every flaw, every virtue. I want to be his dream come true &amp; losing me, his nightmare.\"
Hot tub bonfire party at my house in 20 minutes, open invite
Who doesn't have school tomorrow ?
Lmao he threw that bitch out the window
I think you're freaky and I like you a lot.
Fuck being on some chill shit we go 0 to 100 nigga, real quick
Just drove by the garage Apple was started in
Get home..turn tv on..The Craft is just starting...fuck yes.
I love that and both took each other's last names.... Beautiful choice.
It's hard when is paired up w people dumber than her. Oh wait, that's everyone.
I wish I had someone to smoke with
egoyu tazeledik bi hafta sonra geliyoruz by ASENA
This white guy on the train looks like superman
Decisions decisions in case this is war then I load up on all ammunition ...
Tbh i'd rather not catch feelings right now
Let's make a cover band called \"a book\" Then, no one could judge us.
\"Is it bad if your front tooth is lose\" -shan weaver
Like really you ungrateful b*tch my mom does soooo much for you
It's an hour and a half until I'm 21 and I'm ready for bed
I'm extremely hungry after work but hate eating this late. Do you see my dilemma?
Tim Howard is my hero
\"You can go tonight but if you get throne in jail I'm not bailing you out\" - my dad
Clint Fucking Dempsey!!!! True Warrior!
I guess the new ramen place across the street plays all day\/night. Good thing I wore my T-shirt today for my first meal.
\"I just want to shake you until you die\"
I wish I could control my bad thinking habits
J J J!
Ronaldo the king of offsides
All my hard work is about to be demolished...
Saw a puppy, walked into a pole. Thanks, puppy.
Evidently too successful at going native here... not sleeping in the city that never sleeps.
Of all things to go wrong, my car alarm now randomly decides to go off whenever it feels like it
Lol I think I miss my mom . Idk .
Lebron to Celts along with melo, and love
Someone scoop me and go to Verne !!
The amount of anger I feel rn , let me just turn my phone off and sleep
Look here come a plane no its the badass Westside connect gang.
Spin kick ha whoopi Goldberg looking ass out!!
Catfish has got me fucked up right now. Who the fuck is Kidd Cole?
When does USA play the nazis!?
ryan beattys voice gives me life
There's a bunch of different views to every situation
Damnnnn I'm about to do antagonists maybe possibly.....this is too hard for JoJo
so many beautiful women in the city, what am I doing on long island
How long did it really take him? A little over 3 years.
WO what a goal
\"I'm gonna climb over that anger wall of yours one of these days and it's going to be glorious.\"
Praaaaaying that tomorrow will work out like I hope
Fuck that hurt
Problem where I don't know when payday is anymore
nash doesnt know how much hes done for me
I'm becoming more and more progressively antisocial
Tycho makes the chillest music for long car rides
Glad to see back &amp; up on his feet. You can't keep a strong black man down.
Can't have a spiritual connection with you unless you're okay with occasional or daily Taco Bell runs
Followers and Bees make great subjects.
But we the people of God SHARE in this conviction because WE LOVED NOT THE TRUTH!
I'm glad I'm the only girl in my siblings so I have to be the hot sister
Folks, come see us now til 9p Pleasant Hill (Treleny Road adjacent to the City Hall Lawn)! It's beautiful night!
Harris and Hobby Lobby tomorrow morning..oh the anticipation.
I just want it all !!
It's currently more humid in NYC than New Orleans, LA and Birmingham, AL.
Cause girl I can't be your man!
\"I'm sure once his tan fades my feelings will as well.\"
Yea I'm real emotional blame it on your mental jokes,, how much did you think that I could take ?
culito seco la chinita , but she was hella pretty lol
beautiful but I'm sure she hear it a lot
We finally got to fuckin and that shit was all the way insane
The shit show continues with
ever listen to a song and you're like dang i wanna take my clothes off and make out to this
and sipping a tall can. .
I did nothing wrong to you!
OMG the episode where papouli dies is on
I'm getting stressed from talking to too many people online this is a really weird feeling idk what to think or do
dinner in the city was on point. it was so good seeing my friend from australia again :')
might as well make me full time
On the plane, with no pilots on ground. Because that's logical after sitting in SFO for almost 10 hours
Just ran over an Island and my cars okay...
Its a baby shower not a bridal party
FUCK THE HEAT!! FUCK THE HEAT!! THE BIGGEST FAKEST BANDWAGON FANS OF ALL OF SPORTS!!
Watching the Sea World fireworks go off while sitting in a Jacuzzi with my new Swedish friends has really changed my perspective on life.
So if that means being single and focusing on myself &amp; my studies for a couple years then I honestly don't mind.
Science has confirmed that water does make the floor wet.
And I go you were the one that bought the shirt hahah
i love when sydney favorites my tweets but doesnt text me back for 4 days
I reak of Yuengling and Jameson.
USA's coach's celebration. Chills
I asked for butter with my baguette and they didn't give me any so I think it's time to quit
\"But you went away, how dare you, i miss you, they say ill be ok but im not going to ever get over you\"
why don't I have any cute red shirts
If you don't ig flex then you're using it for the wrong reasons
4 minutes left of Love Live
Qualche anima pia mi dice come sono andati i quarti di finale dei Campionati del Mondo? E soprattutto se Federer ha battuto Raonic!!!;-)
I TOTALLY CAUGHT MY DADS GFS SON SNEAKING OUT
you the baddest in the game right now
Making new friends up and down the West Coast. \nAlso, recording tonight!
Floridaaa is going to be awesomee
&amp; it sucks even more because we don't even have a conversation. .
Shit Altidore better be ok
.ppl have a negative view of unions b\/c they don't understand how built America's large middle class.
Come on, Costa Rica. make something exciting happen
Last chance for Los Altos, down 3-1 top 6, Townsend has 4-hitter going for SC Homestaed
\": Do you like whales? Bc we can go humpback at my place.\"
Why does it feel like I am slowly getting sick? Why can't Mother Nature make up her mind whether if she wants the weather to be hot or cold?
One day, just maybe one day all this will come around to bite you in the ass. Give you what you've been given others.
Why so many people wanna act so fucking dumb today?
Well that was a bit of an incestuous kiss now wasn't it?
Yo football at the beach was crazy !
Nothing to do in this town
I'm thinking of things I will need in the past, tell me what's the use in that???
Life is too short to not be straight forward
I love taking long walks at night listening to music it really frees your mind
If these guys behind me in the movies don't stfu I'll really get up and punch them idc
Officially signed a 3 month contract to FCC..lets get it!
how do I not have plans on Friday lol what else is newwwwww
Some people are slippen, hopefully a good friend will catch you. Others need to fall into an abyss and climb out alone to understand.
So I'm going back home, and my boyfriend is just sleeping. Lol it's okay I know he's tired
One thing I can't figure out is how you're the one I can't live without
Just woke up from a well needed nap..
I'm so dumb!
My mom just sent me a DM on twitter asking me where I am
\": \": his hair and mouth make me nauseous\" \"
Maybe my emotions are just such a mess that I'm over thinking it lol
Give me a 2day trial for xbox live rn.
A quiet walk thru the East Village at night; the hum AC units floods the senses. In tandem.
Sometimes what we want is not the best for us or what we would like is not what we deserve.
Fact of the Day\nAn estimated 150 million hot dogs will be consumed on July 4th.
i've been in bed for 2 days wtffffff
I'm pretty sure I peed like 7 times last night
Fuck yeah 30 seconds nigga
Jamming to good beatz in the car because I'm 2 hours for work.
I'm fucking made! \nCan I say Gatsby Effect anymore? Let's see.
Can't wait for Belgium to play
Im boutta sweat bae all night. IDC IDC IDC I wanna cuff
I remember when I used to get so upset as a child if my parents made me sit and do nothing. Now it's the best part of my day...
White girls' floors are where bobby pins go to die.
The Awesome talks with the legend Big Mike Jeannetti
How can you like salad but not like lettuce
The alien emoji is my favorite 4 a reason
\"Babe look at this baby bison\"
The days i had and didn't take advantage of.
Someone just asked me to give out potato chips at drake concert for $100 . Considering
Alright! Let's Go !
I wish I had for my brain so I could back &amp; find the name of that one song I heard for like a second in the lobby of that one place
Amo las frases de Guapas,pero es muy turbio el programa
go hard 88
Why is there so much Justin drama going on rn.
I miss my beautiful friend
Making a cd, need some songs to fill it out, open to any suggestions genre doesn't matter
Ever since I can remember I've been poppin' my collar.
party next door - west district
Ugh I gotta wait till 11 to watch Teen Wolf:( are you Kidding me!!!&gt;:(
I'm seriously always in the middle
won't sleep YE YE
Yall only know a part of me im a universe full of secrets
\"Alberta Oil Wives\"
It somehow found it's way ALL THE WAY under the tanning bed so now I have to go home with one sock thank u
Omg I need to stop making friends when I'm drunk. These people really think I'm gonna remember them.
I'm cold and I'm ashamed lying naked on the floor --- me in the gym locker room rn
Some guys main priority in life is just chasing girls and getting as many hook ups as they can and thats just pathetic
I had so much catching up to do but I finally did it. all of ur selfies r beautiful &amp; I now know you're obsessed w\/ teen wolf
I can't go to pride without something tie dye fuck
GOOOOOD BLESSSS AMERICA\n\nLAAAAND THAT I LOOOVE
I'm stuck in traffic. Blair Waldorf does not get stuck in traffic
But If you loved me\nWhy'd you leave me?\nTake my body\nTake my body
Petite allegro? More like petite allegNO
Usa usa usa!!!!!
Let write me this bitch a parking ticket
Glad I don't have to go to work until 4. And honestly I'm kind of excited to fuck with all the drunk people tonight too
I miss my friends and by friends I mean 3 people
\"Cristiano Ronaldo is just so handsome and perfect. He's one of the best looking athletes ever and should be a male model\" -ken
No matter the situation I'm gonna hold you down
... remember and I offer you a job! Come in for orientation Friday.\" Ajsjfidkfkekgjrkfk!!!
Thanks for all the support. This was very hard. # Masterchef
Rob van dam 16-8 great experience with ladders but how much energy he will have is vital to his health and endurance
like a diamond in the rough, the lighter to my dutch that was blunt but i can't lie you firing it upp
y'all know my nigga mustard on the beat\n\nhoe
I hate seeing my family upset
wait to talk to Tom Snyder because Tom went over time talking to some woman (forget who it was). Waylon just walked out and many peeps
I hate being placed I don't want to be
World Cup bringing out fake soccer fans like church goers on Christmas
Did my husband drake win ?
Sad sad sad Gilmore girls isn't on tv today :( what a boring break.
I'm gunna forget about the world
I get Guap now that bitch remember me!!
When you surrounded by choices see the the opportunity
One thing I've learned to hate about New York: the subway
!!!! OMG she is part of the red card.
But really though I want food
4th of July ? What's that ? PTO mothafucka lmao
Watching MAD MAX at Videology with . This movie is too Australian too function.
Damn now I get why females get pissed when the seat is left up I almost just fell in lmfao
Should I go to faiths house.
Seems like everybody so negative on twitter tonight, we all know summer is short so we got no time to not be having a good time
Wow Ronaldo.... You don't compare at all to MESSI. No excuses.
X-Men \": Dawn of the Apes is gonna be the best movie of the year. I claim it in the name of Jesus.\"
Hahahah he salty!!!
\"Mas embarazada que Yasmin embarazada\" JJJAJAJAJAJAJAJJA
Love that my birthday is in the summer so I can spend it at the shoreee
Ok so I'm about to call my boyfriend and let's see if I get an answer..
For all those haters out there suck my ass
Just made leave pink-berry because it wasn't self serve
I got a lot of enemies low key hating on me. Idk why tho. I'm a nerdy ass real nigga lmao
Did I just hear my neighbor yelling about sucking on his husband's butthole?!?! WHAT IN CHRIST NAME?!
Dude I got bacon in the fridge right now.
Chris Brown The Woman Beater - -
I finished my beer while still waiting in line for food. And I sipped conservatively! wtf yankees stadium
I want to be able travel wherever I want to live wherever I want.
FUCK RONALDO FUCK PORTUGAL FUCK EVERYONE USA BABY LETS FUCKING GO
Passed four cops in a two mile parameter on 84 from Bristol to southington so heads up y'all
dinner in the city was on point. it was so good seeing my friend my australia again :')
SFXIX WednesdayDivsionWk1Ln1-rookies George Washington Has Wooden Balls rolled by themselves and put up a 664.
I need some Jesse Rutherford in my life
If only the perfect guy exists~Augustus Waters
Support Bay Area local vendors! Come visit Treasure Island Flea Market this coming weekend. June 28 &amp; 29 10am-4pm.
Oh the horrors of what protein shakes do to me.
I think white guys are more inclined to hook up with black people these days it's cool though I'm down
This is gonna be the longest week of my life
Congrats on a single! See you on the in August...
My parents think I've been cvs shopping for over an hour now hahahaha okk
How in the hell are you still up?
I know too many visionaries who don't want it bad enough..
I am way too unemployed to be spending this much on bar drinks and snacks.
Someone come over, rub my belly, and watch teen wolf with me
We don't care what the people have to say
g wagons r sooo ugly
Imma start being a big ass bitch! I'm far to nice.
I just want to snug, watch a movie, and eat an endless amount of blueberries
We are led to those who help us most grow, and we help them in return.
Yes Howard. Big beard stopping that shot
\"My name is litterally Cassie Anti-social Jean Kunert.\" -
so so so so so so so so so so so so anxious
Don't feel like driving back to LA for work tomorrow
I want to be in Amsterdam more than anything.
Can someone tell me why the volume on 3 of my channels isn't working
We really have a quick and delicious meeting tomorrow morning wtf
Whenever I'm in a bad mood I just remind myself it's summer &amp; I'll automatically in a good mood
Yayo , all I know is YAYO !!!!
I need a haircut so i can feel like myself again
Typical Cena fan. Fat, 9 or 10 years old trying to sound like he's 17
people drive so slowwww omg move
ima go for a run tomorrow , explore milpitas lol
In Yao MS talk bout he now
My outfit are too weird sometimes
I would pay to see max b in jail.
Spent about 45 min laying in the sun today and turned into a lobster
Most emotional and terrible part of this show is losing Alli
And He's From Saint Peters Prep! Do it for NJ
when you're cuddling &amp; you just both don't wanna move
sisters that don't let you shower in their room bc they say they're sleeping but they're actually on twitter &lt;&lt;&lt;
So they must be loaded as fuck
white girls never complain when you ask for nudes
omg like USA like I've followed this team my whole life like soccer is awesome like go Ronaldo
It must be so hard to Gabriella Guzman.
I want to go home and eat pizza and watch freaks &amp; geeks
Be as as you like. Just don't be shocked when everyone's so unfashionably they can't talk to you.
\": Leave yo ass in the past like I drove pasttt\"
please don't take this personal, but you ain't shit
Really wanna see Makj in person, but not at a no id event
Univision won't let it go. They just wanna keep talking and talking about the damn game. I just wanna go home and play Titanfall.
You're in my 5 am thoughts
Done moving for the rest of my life. I'm so exhsusted.
Can I please just meet Derek Jeter. If I did I could die and I wouldn't care cause I met Derek Jeter.
Jesenia comes back tomorrow! Happy bc she keeps the class lively.
Once my phone reaches 80% I always put it back on the charger
I'm so sore from !!! BEST I've had in a long time, and that says a lot coming from a dancer!
My first car is about to be a fucking tank
Although I love soccer, I will admit 50% of the reason I watch the World Cup is for the eye candy
Ramirez is clearly having the better yr on a better team it would be a disgrace if Wright started he missed time and he still got Betta #
Some people are literally fucked up in the head and u can't change that
Couldn't be more proud of my alma mater for winning the . National champ and a top 20 school?! Try and beat that.
Ghana wake up man,
This isn't about you this is about me
A ice cold 40 does sound pretty good in this heat...
Really wanted lebron to get his 3peat but the spurs are just too great as a team
Finally out of work a BEBE SE a dicho lmaooooo
Why are we watching Rocky right now. I wanna go to sleep.
Dropped about 3 different nas quotes at my jig already
That cross LMAO
&gt;Nothing on twitter\n&gt;US scores\n&gt;20 new tweets instantly
Why is it called the Republican Party if it's never any fun?
They need a middle finger emoji like a.s.a.p
I don't know how we ended up on the Jersey Turnpike, but low and behold we are on it.
life would be much better once you're gone.
JONES! Whatta goal! Did you hear the ball against the net?
If I don't get into the military idk what I'm gonna do.
Just got the email game on for we'd girls you can do this
Fuck fireworks man last year my arm was so burnt
Domino's stay taking mad long, a nigga is hungry NOW
What a save!!!
Dempsey was too cool to use his legs
Ctfu u actually piss me off
I feel like absolute crap lmao
My brother thinks if he speaks really really slow that our cousins from Italy will understand him..they have no idea what you're saying dude
took me hella hours to edit
Shout out to our forefathers who gave me the freedom to sleep in today,
\": Nice! We must ask how\/what do you mix with your gin? \" prefers a Tanqueray Martini
I think it's time to stop conditioning when girls start coughing up blood and passing out but that's just a suggestion
I'm slowly becoming awkward and shy. Help
Praying this season is just as good as the last
WHO THE FUCK IS AT MY HOUSE AT THIS HOUR
Falling asleep to the sound of rain is so peaceful
Got a badass bitch bouncin on my dick
What part of I DONT LIKE YOU hasnt settled in your head oh my god you annoy the living out of me
Holy crap left wallet and Nano on plane not sure if feeling like dumbest person ever or inconvenience is worse?
Needed-Bass Player-reggae style, Bob Marley, Sublime influences-Westchester County NY-if interested, PM me 4 details Thnx
I hate not being able to go to artists that I love concerts.
I'm pretty sure my yoga instructor just faked a british accent the whole way thru
What do you think dogs dream about?
Man I'm tryna start sippin da fuck is goin on
You never truly \"fall out of love\" with some one unless you never truly loved them.
I guess I will have to just score with RVP on FIFA
Headed to the office for an Twitter Q&amp;A with and . cc:
Tia vine a Steinway al basurero, se ve bien, no quieren venir?
DYLAN GREENBLATT IS ABOUT TO PUT ONE IN THE NET IM CALLING IT NOW
That baby has the biggest head ever lmao
If not Cali I'm deff moving to Atlanta ! I'm over NY !
Imma be in bed all day till werque!
My grandma told me that Chinese legend is that when your ears ring someone is talking shit about you. My ears ring all the god damn time!
All the cool kids are eating ass nowadays
Brutal ugly crappy baseball by the sfgiants this weekend.
Union Square Cafe's closing is revealing. For NYC, restaurants need to budget 5% to 10% of gross yearly revenue to pay for rents.
Holy shit that smb2 run was od
Dempsey!!!! You beautiful Texan you!
I'm always forgettin about Instagram now.
those Argentinians are yelling so loud I love it
why did I ever teach you tagalog.
IM STILL HYPERVENTILATING
I hate how I can't sing in the shower because my shower is right next to the living room
Warming up for soccer, dude next to me blasting a whole lotta System of a Down
but You have called me higher\nYou have called me deeper
Why is tomorrow Monday
adriana really needs to stop playing this ass music
More pain than a human should have to handle. ...but like gramps always said suck it up buttercup
The term lowkey is so annoying people be using it for stuff you don't even gotta be secretive about
my love for spanish girls is too real
Holy shit usa is winning
Ella corre con migo cuebre mi falta y yo ando atra del dinero porque aki eso nunca falta bebe
The worst when you always fall asleep by midnight, but the day to you have to get up 5 AM your looking balls don't want to stay shut!
If you have a problem with me that's not my problem
sometimes I get overwhelmed by the good people in my life. you know who you are you rock don't ever change love eighth grade
Bc y r u an idiot
I judge girls by their eyeliner
Prom Queen, 1st team all conference, goalie in SJ, set school record for saves &amp; now over $41K in scholarships. Couldn't be prouder Lyss
You complain about deaths tainting the scene yet you make overdose jokes OK
While its the most people probably forgot it's Friday! How much better did that just make your day?
Why am I awake? I gotta be up at 5 -.-
Nobody haffi know - is the truest song uno, no one has to know what happens between us.
Wait, scratch that... Everyday with Andrew is amazingly indescribable.
Raymond came through with that b-
Exactly why I will always choose my friends over a boyfriend
Confused as to why a lady has her hair down on the elliptical
Come on Jozy we're all pulling for you
I've never been perfect but neither have you.
Ignorant | Mac Miller &amp; Cam'ron
Lebron is never going to live down this series loss
It's actually hilarious how people are still doing the cold wager challenge
Was in Lindsay for a few with the team
rt Guide Dog for Muslim woman
My cousin 14 talking to a 18 year old.
So is thee anyone not getting drunk tonight
&amp; I always ride slow when I'm straddling &amp; my shit so wet you gotta paddle in
Looking forward to our summer spot 3 more days
I would do absolutely anything right now to have Mike here with me.
i remember Dre use to sing that Bubble Butt song to me when it came on @ the Hookah bars lol.
Why am I involved in this fight from like 8 different guys
I need to find a show in October bc birthday month
Goalie didn't see that coming
DEMPSEY!!!!!! HOLY SHIIIIT
Tomorrow more soccer games yeah, yeah, I got to watch the ball game right now, be back maybe later.
Lets get into some heavy touchin &amp; Erotic fuckin
The FBI would suck without Will Graham.
What a great way to start out this game!
Jay-z hasn't been good since American Gangster... That's the absolute truth... We accept him and his projects since then out of nostalgia
go get your own friends holy shit
I think all the mercury's getting to my brain
having an anxiety attack. cabin mate is going through alarm clocks. each ring tone is horrible.
but its like what do i do now
I want my back dimples pierced in the worst way
Put my mind on my money and my money on my mind
I PEED MYSELF IM SO SCARED PLUS ITS 2AM AND IM IN A BASEMENT OF A HOSTEL
I'm so thankful for someone I've never gotten the chance to meet
These niggas wanna be like me ! Call that papi need that kilo !!!
Oh, baby, take me, take me before they turn the lights out, before our time has run out baby, love me lights out
my life has zero purpose right now
how DARE you not look at my ass when I bend over ...
Ever felt weird trying to reach out to someone? Hmm
IDC how much I was in love w\/ someone. If they ain't shit I ain't lookin back. Not even future wise. You just don't exist no more
If you let boys be mean to you then don't
You got to play dirty if you want to win
I am flipping out watching Polaroid Stories. I just cannot watch myself act. And its a fucked up play in the first place.
JB Smoove is crazy!
That's just me on my solo like fuck it, like YOLO.
How much did this announcer hate the fact that Sonny Gray is texting during the game.
While in Barnes &amp; Nobel I wished ATLA: The Search. The question that has been haunting me has been answered &amp;now I need a new life goal
Anyone who is interested in trying out for mhs must try out within this week or next. If you don't, no spot will be there for you.
Today's : breakfast, lunch, beer, beer. (Coffee was solo).
That's a hammy!
SNAPCHAT ME ENTERTAINING THINGS\n\nTHE AIRPORT IS 10\/10 BORING
What, already? A goal 30 seconds in the game!
wait, did demi shave her hair off?!
beating up on The Miami Heat so bad with these memes &amp; tweets niggas need to holla WORLD STAR!!!!!! WORLD STAR!!!!
Like a record store would be cool.
NEVER WANTED TO FEEL I JUST WANTED TO FORGET
This young thug purple album aight tho
\"Try the maple water! It's exemplary!\"
1234- how many niggers are in my store?
Why am I wierd? Cause I'd rather be happy and be me instead of being some fake bitch and worrying about others' opinions.
It's decided, New York is amazing!
Happy 4th of July to everyone!!
He literally just watched it go past him into the goal
Pretending we don't use birth control. Like when we were 15 and pretended to go to church...
what a fun trip filled with fun people, the city was fun, but I can't wait to get back to my little town.
Idk why d has to be such a skank
The city kinda sucks dick, but dammit I love seeing concerts.
Wise words of mark genoa \"raise hell tn ran, keep the last name legendary\"
I literally could not tell you where we are at right now in the city.
WHATS THE POINT OF TAKING A PICTURE IF THE ONLY THING YOU CAN SEE IS YOUR CHIN
I really do despise the ferry
If I liked haunting ground and the first resident evils and TLOU does they make me a bad fan
Running in the heat has got to be the best worst feeling !
my current playlist is composed of a mixture of Taylor swift and edm. it's strangely awesome.
does anyone else awkwardly smile at their phone when someone texts them something cute?
How is that not a red card. Bullshit.
Don't try to be different cause you wanna get noticed, shit is stupid
My ex beau checks my twitter
Manu with the facial!
Lol this hermit thing is funny but going overboard now ... Like chill
There are times I wish I was less cynical. Then, there are times when it's advantageous. Regardless...I always have hope.
When someone stares at u the bus and just won't look away makes me feel so uncomfortable
now i have to go to work soon .. this is suchhh a bad day
I'm done letting you walk all over me
got different paints and glitter all over me
.\"not the body as a chunk of space or a bundle of functions but that body which is an intertwining of vision and movement.\" ~MP
Jk no funds i really should start slanging again cus college make a nigga broke
Someone tell Brendin to lower his voice. I don't want to know his shit.
Echosmith just makes me a happier person tbh
Love that my boyfriend lives 1 block down from me. Hate that I get to barely see him
\": I look like a toe\" same
Pretty sure this is the earliest I've gotten off of work but definitely not complaining
Prostitutes are way more subtle around here.
My tea is cold. I hate it when my tea is cold. Fucking cold tea...
What a ball, let's get this 90th minute equalizer too
Transformers 4 is a headache inducing, chaotic, fucking mess. No one see this movie
had a casual 30 second conversation with Nico. nbd
How do these people stay so pasty during the summer i'll never know
High kick or no.....
Today's ruling is important because in America we have freedom OF religion not FROM it. We should respect all views whether we agree or not.
I was thinking about her, thinking about me, thinking bout us, what we gon be.
Respect to all the people who were Spurs fans before the finals if not eat a dick
The little girls face in my avi makes me happy
What a game
\"You were really stern! For 6 minutes\"
teen wolf by far the best part of my night
I'm watching soccer on the right side, and football on the left side
I wonder why I moved out why I moved out when I was 18 &amp; then moved 1300 miles away but I live with my mom for a month &amp; it's pretty clear
Who needs the gym after The dancing I just did! Can't tell me I wasn't at Full Gospel!
I want to be happy . Is that to much to ask . Let me have my independence back .
I could literally lay like this forever. Whys my boyfriend so comfy
I want to do a creative photoshoot asap
The Green Mile is an intense film
Madly in love... I wish I could bottle it and sell it. I realize there's a lot of lonely miserable people in need. My heart hurts for you.
spotted: over 10 squishables on this floor. I think I'm gonna like working here.
I just need a fucking bed god dammit
Wrap dresses and wind are not a great combo
I don't give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding
Scouts gets it right today!
I say the right things I act the wrong way
Found my passport today..gonna be using that shit real soon
debating if I want to go on instagram or not bc of all of the 4th of July posts I'm probably gonna see
Omg that's not offside
\": GAME OVER\" no where close
Work out all week to lose all gainz in one night lmao
I guess in the end you start thinking about the beginning. -
Fuck.. I need to marry into a rich family.
tiffany obviously measured my poop if its exactly 13 inches like ew
-\"Can we kill each other?!\"\n-\"I don know. Let's try\"\n ......\n-\"yup\" \n
Fucked Me.... Can't Speak Upon The Rest of Ya'll Sluts ....
Big shouts to my little brotha graduating highschool right now!! Love you!!
My friend hasnt got his visa approved... Now All my plans are drowned! -_-\n
So now the D train got unlimited underground service...okay
Someone come over and go swimming with me
San Antonio spurs school of acting
GOODBYE COACH OF GREECE. there is nothing to explain.
Fuck around with them fuck arounds and you'll fuck around and get aids.
I like vacation because it means sushi multiple times a week
To go see fiym Saturday or the birthday bash hmmmmm
We're only lost children, \ntrying to find a friend, \ntrying to find our way back home.\n
Dez top 5 receivers in the league. Debate big mamma.
wait im still not sure weather that conversation was to make me feel good or like shit
\"Fav si digo quien me gusta\" !
\"You see? Paul Walker should've walked. You can Tweet that one.\" -
\": her pussy like me\nher heart like fuck it\"
This 13 year old came I my work talking about how good they were at FIFA, so I challenged them to FIFA 14 at Microsoft.
Leather jacket this late in June? Summer in SF has begun!
WHY IS EVERYONE THAT I WANT TO SEE IN VEGAS WHEN IM NOT THATS SO NOT COOL
My nails are wet and I wanna change into pajama pants. Fuck
[Neuer slide-tackles the concept of national anthems]
If u like cats then i hate u and we cant be friends bish.
Me and my friend played Heads or Tails and we both lost lol
My excuse this year will be \" well im not section leader so idgaf\"
Lml this dude going in on chris rock
Just found the dopest smoking sketch spot ever I'm amazed omg
Maybe that's why most people beat their car up
Heat beer to show up and I think they will
My dad was like \"you racked out lil tom?\"
But then people always wanna be dumb, \"awww are you tired?\" Noo it's 107 outside and make up is like $30 a compact. Gtfoh
I'm being guilt tripped to going to church tonight. Aaaagggghhhhh
ion like beans bitch i like bread.
is hunter Moore still in jail
I get off the train, go into barber shop to see score, it was 1-0
Beasly your fucking side AGAIN!
My goal in life: to be verified by twitter
\": Let's makeout and watch Netflix.\":D
So here's the stitch.\nI was chillen at the Mavericks (baseball) game with my friend Brittany...
My brother's neighbor is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad ! And she fucks w\/ black guys! The lord has saved me for tonight
JACOB DO YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU DO TO ME WHEN YOU POST STUFF LIKE THAT
Tim McGraw is pretty damn sexy for his age.
Happy 4th of July people love you all
vs. tomorrow at 12PM and then vs. at 4PM! Then on Tuesday is back!
take me to the king lol she's so big
baby bones \/\/ Laura Stevenson and the Cans
moment things get tough , people give up
No really though. I could be like baby on dirty dancing and have Patrick Swayze as a dance partner
I luv a man in sweats n basketball shorts but I'd punch my nigga in the face if he's chilling in those n gets excited........
Probably going to favorite a lot of tweets on accident because I'm trying to squish the nats attacking my screen. Sorry bugs and tweeters.
A car ride filled with discussions of colonoscopies and hemorrhoids. Just another road trip with my mother and aunt
Miserable thoughts going trough my head I can't take it.
Man I love my mex bitch , cause I be thuggin with my mex bitch
I never thought I'd miss playing basketball with my team as much as I do
don't fucking call everyone in the family after we fight and make me seem like the bad guy. you're a fucking cunt and I hate you
My girl got a girl friend? \n
My dog needs to stfu
\"Leo definitely likes Gab the best.... I think he sees her hair and thinks she's his mom\"
Drone ideas for the home: automated pooper scooper
Excited for and to see the new champ .....\n\n
So who's getting sushi with me tonight for happy hour ha
I'm gunna cut Bruce's pony tail off
Told these hoes I'll be back round june
People swear they're getting pussy just cause it's prom night...
What is \"the book of negros\" I don't understand
The Facebook campus is out of this world! Wood workshop has to be the highlight.
Why give a bitch your heart when she'd rather have a purse, why give a bitch an inch when she'd rather have 9!
I only have girl numbers in my phone. delete every other number
Had no idea played on team usa
I should consider VPN'ing my whole house connection
I'm stoked Dansby Swanson won most outstanding player.. dude has great flow
Who would name their town LoveLock?
My goodness, how many more prohealth urgent care ctrs are opening? They're Like 7-11's. Is a hospital coming down the pike?
The most expensive things this place is selling is $5...
i am disappointed in billy because he rarely speaks in our group chat
Zach aka the douche that doesn't text back ever
I WISH I WAS ON ANTHONYS LEVEL TONGHT
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
I'm too much of a low life to take summer classes
That goal looked like something out of my highlight reel
about to drive to the shore. I need to get away
Greece played well but didn't make it\nBut that ain't none of my buisness,\nI'm Cypriot
He has a Fuckin Dragon!!!
My mom is tight that my brother has an Ecuador shirt and I want a Colombia shirt.
muchos libros, muchas novelas, pero tan poca vida.
Hehe I love when Gracie gets drunk and calls me
Alan is the greatest rachitic parasite I have ever seen in my life
Time to cramp for finals
Hey uh ya you, the girl who fucked over my sister, ya I'm after you
Snapchat and Tweeting actually I'm not really snap chatting
One thing I will always be grateful for is that my parents took the time to teach me how to cook
Its only right that I follow my nxgga &gt;&gt;&gt; lml
IT IS 3 O CLOCK IN THE MORNING.
Im gonna skydyve again, anybody wanna do it with me
Poor lil rich -
Senior prom was 2 years ago ... Wow
Today is the 150th anniversary of President Lincoln signing the Grant giving us our first national park.
I kind of love the craziness of website when switching hosts as DNS gets redirected. Site is headed to squarespace c\/o
No such thing as a happy ending
\": The band wagon is so real.\" The world cup spirit is so real
UR FACE HAS 3HOLES SO U SHOULD LISTEN TWICE AS MUCH AS U TALK
OMG MANU. LEGEND
GOOD NIGHT LOVES I LOVE YOU SO MUCH TYSM FOR TALKING TO ME ON BREAKR
Wtf my twitter was acting stupid last night
Miami gave up tbh
I'm a little confused here. How can the USA be playing Portland?
Journalism is not a crime Pls RT
Two beers and I'm already tweeting things I shouldn't.
Sliding threw the EAST
If you love someone you never let go, never.
And tittie friendly tops show just enough Cleve to keeping guessing
I cannot wait until San Jose tomorrow. The anticipation is killing me.
The best thing to do is to accept the fact that nothing is permanent. Never get attached.
Hey Emil says that taxidermy will be the mullet of furniture.
I do soo much for people and you can't even remember my birthday thanks a lot
I don't know why but it kind of feels weird cheering for on 4th of July
I sure feel a whole lot better today. One day down. One to go...
Lovin my new hood, Happy Fourth Everyone!!
France vs Germany predictions ?
Someone has already made the \"AHS: Coven\"\/\"American Movie\" coven joke right? Cuz 6 mos later it just hit me
Listening to Gareth Emery's set from EDC on XM rn. Wow shits pretty wild
Remember two weeks ago when all these tools said that athletes couldn't play with cramps in defense of LeBron? Yea. You're all idiots
Too many people are trying to find the right person instead of being the right person.
pablo called us attention seeking sluts bc he thinks we set a house on fire ty bae
Don't push me away just tell me straight up, we're too grown for little kid shit
Love is the water in which peace grows and delivers kindness yours truly willow~
Swagger should be replaced with ...
sometimes I think there's more to life than this city
Wala na ako maintindihan sa GGV. Laging censored. Haha
When u have full service and still nothing works and ur phone does in 20 minutes. This is the Stone Age
Girl walking around manhattan without a shirt on
Even tho we both did it it's the fact that she wouldn't turn it down
Just now got a shit load of notifications on my phone
Zendaya is always well dressed.. Wtf is she wearing today?
Summerstage was lit tonight !!! Schoolboy Q ASAP Rocky ASAP Ferg and the rest of the Mob and Flatbush Zombies
If I fall for youu I'll never recover, if I fall for you I'll never be the sameee
Cant wait to have my latte
For every day, I miss you. \nFor every hour, I need you. \nFor every minute, I feel you. \nFor every second, I want you. \n\nForever, I love you.
I look busted in all these pics bc I crying the whole time I was kicked out but idgaf really I had a blaaaast
YAAAASSS USA KEEP IT UP
I've been so active lately that my body can't handle it omfg
Was solayman khan hit, because if his eyes?
There's a water break?... Since when lmao
I wanna get an tank top
Deep in your ocean my dick is Poseidon
that pass was delicious
I don't think I'd be conscious if I ever seen Tyler H. IRL
Kk need to get back to the gym tomorrow
So I was totally into the new episode of catfish &amp; they changed the channel.... k.
I was seriously terrible with sunflower seeds pregnant I'm eating them now and jessy asks me if I'm pregnant
This scene in Teen Wolf is so bad
everytime I post something about Haitians people come through tagging all of Haiti on my post, movee
Everyone who works in SF should stay home to watch USA in the World Cup tomorrow - to make MY morning commute easier. Thanks!
She unfollowed me and i aint even kno it lol
The lion sleeps tonight
But goodbye Bronx it was fun .
10 days til Im back in State College for arts fest. Couldn't be more pumped to get back in the valley
I give this show 2 more years and it's a wrap .
The Healer x
I need someone to take my ass to six flags with
What a goal JJJ!
Canelo v Lara is gonna be on one. Should be one of the best fights of the year.
My Uber driver is a psychic: \"Would you like more volume?\"\n\nMe: \"Yes, how did you know I was about to ask that? is the shit.\"
I don't even know how I'm gonna be able to read a 4 pages speech
Wonder how much you've told her haha you've got your secrets and I've got mine maybe it should have stayed that way..
I absolutely love taking care of people &amp; spoiling them
I just saw that the devils would have over $14 mill in cap space if they buy out Volchenkov why the hell is he still on the roster?
If I can give you a program with 30 minute workouts and color coded food containers would you do it?
You know you really love someone when you can't hate them for breaking your heart.
I love starting out my mornings playing Xbox
THEY SCORED FINALLY
Tbh Soccer players are such pussies
No one would listen to me when I said mike miller carried that team smh smh
I think Valve has hit the point of complexity with their Steam sale games where I can no longer be bothered to figure out how to do them.
food* but good is cool too
You spit all this in the streets, but what about the BOOTH?
If only I was as much of a player in high school as I am when I'm drunk.
Never in my life have I been so disgusted.
There is a French bar right next door to a German bar here on Ave C and the historic implications are in full force for the next 90 minutes.
I am going to dread going back to work so much
She low key pulled a Kanye
I am an enormous monster i need to need stopped ugh
Sometimes finding the answer is easy as taking a break and stepping back from the situation.
Good luck we love you!
A lot of guys don't know chivalry \nAnd a lot of girls don't understand it.
I should start cleaning my room
Where is when you need him
The Univ trying to tell me something. I &amp; ty\": People who are meant to be together will always find their way back.\"
downtown is seriously ready for pride
Please being a cowboy hat on this tour. Very urgent. Please RT.
Anyone selling Penny Vs for joog
There's never a bucket of fried chicken around when you need it - Jason Kapler
I'll probably order dominos tomorrow before work
Spurs deserve it. Unreal team basketball.. Love my miami heat to the end. until next year!
You have to compromise to make your partner happy
When the new girl at work tells you shes offended you haven't hit on her and the older guys do
i can tell when doesn't bring home a girl bc he texts me irrelevant work crap at 11pm. take ya drunk ass to bed, friend.
Huzzah my computer is Teh activateds
Why did all my old tweets just post tf?
You know what to do with that big fat butt, wiggle wiggle wiggle
Here at Global Gym, we're better than you. And we know it!\nthis movie never gets old
I'm Karla's bae tf is she saying
Cases on cases on cases
\": If I seen my nigga flirt on the net nigga I'm on your mf head.\" RMFT!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT I PASSED MATH 75 ON THE FUCKING FINAL LETS GO FUCK YOU MR.MILANES. FUCK YOU MS.ZACK.
Gooooooooooooaaaaaallllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!! \nJermaine Jones!!!!!!!
Imma slut she's a slut we are all sluts
You can't celebrate July 4th if you ain't got your citizenship
SVU marathon ..good luck getting me off the couch
I have so much stuff to do its crazyyyy!!!!!
33 SECONDS INTO THE FUCKING GAME AND GOL!!!!????? USA-1
Prob gunna or 's bday present and 's preorder for the new album in a couple days
Friends vs. Family :\n-One you're given, the other you choose.\n-One you can become more valuable than the other\n-You will always be \"framily\"
im tryna go to jstackz party tonight..
\": Have you heard?! I have a record coming out THIS YEAR!\"yay so can't wait
Me and my dad had the realest talk about music and where electronic music is taking it
WE DID IT
Omg I am dying to see the new purge movie
Truth be told I wouldn't even know what to say
Just kidding I don't have a bae.
\"Dain Bramaged\" typical Tom Roche shirt
How the fuck did I end up in Menifee?
It generally makes my phone feel less cluttery.
TEDDY ROOSEVELT MAKES AN APPEARANCE
Did the @ sign exist before the internet?
\"How many boys did you text today?\"
When people become everything they claimed they'd never be &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
First you have to learn the rules of the game and play it better then anyone else.
I'm going to go out on a limb here but I believe I look my best completely naked.
Color my life with the chaos of trouble
Prospect Dunkin is lucky they had Carmel swirl this morning
No words for this right now
I'll be the rain in your desert skies, the fire in your darkest nights
What am I even saying rn
And at the end of the day, it just . cc:
I was gonna retweets that, then I saw who tweeted it. Nah B.
BOOM! HR against the . . Only included Jeff, cause he's a bandwagon fan!
well that's an embarrassing amount of subtweets towards someone who gives zero fucks about you
On monday me &amp; start helping for the homeless :)
Noooooo! Hope Jozy is ok!
In the real world no one cares about what you were like in high school
Now can ya mind picture a Thug picture a thug nigga hard liquor this Ghetto life has got me catching up too God Quicker
Edited my blog layout! I really like it now. :)
half venezuelan\n\nbut a nigga too
Today was tight. So awesome to see so many friends and all their success that has led to warped.
Fuck my phone charger is in the other room. After this 20% I'm gone
Let mom play w\/ my tinder. Needless to say the one guy chose was a hot guy w\/ pictures of his fam &amp; a bible quote in his description
Same ol shit it just comes from ah different person.
Seven Nation Army in the !!!
Still not sure about carnage tonight
Today just put me in a fuck everyone mood honestly.
I don't trust one soul on this earth bc no one confronted me about my eyebrows in 2010
Hate to be a grinch but can pride be over yet can I have my city back
Being able to resist the delicious smell of Chik-Fil-A a block from my apt has prepped me for being able to boycott Hobby Lobby &amp; their ilk
Everyday, at a random moment, I realize how lucky I am and sometimes it makes me a little bit scared.
Fans of follow for a follow let's connect !
Twenty ways to see the world
To actually stay home tonight or go out...
Beet apple carrot lemon ginger juice, ugh it's heaven
Omg...omg I almost had a heart attack!!! FREE! Iwatobi swim cluv is baaaaaccccckkkkk!!!!! Season 2!!!!!! Omg so happy!!!!!
Argentina for the win!!!
Credit where it's due- has had quite the 2-game stretch, and the second game is in the first inning.
My favorite moment at a bar was wrapping my arm around a girl and asking what year of high school she was in. She was a junior. I felt old.
HAHAHAHHAA they still suck
(disclaimer: the latter bit is probably actually untrue)
where's nicki minaj, Rihanna and beyonce
I need dannie riel or Ashley vee boobs. Lol
DOES ANYONE KNOW ANYBODY WHO IS SELLING FIREWORKS???!!!!!
I've studied anatomy for 15 hrs today.. Not healthy
Timing is truly everything, if I was in the picture at a different time it wouldve been different. I'll stay around, I still believe in us.
Have to wake up at 8am tmmr just to pick up my report card -_- &amp; my school is too cheap to mail it to us.. so fucking annoying
Making the market delivery me and egg sandwich...this is a new high of laziness
All in all the Brad Paisley concert was awsome
The fest is over and it was mostly good. This was the first of its kind this year. I'd come back again.
By Gawd the ayatollah of rock n rolla is back that reeks of awesomeness
Cows are originally from Scandinavian. .
Sorry if I disgusted and\/or offended anybody yesterday
I've waiting 4 hours to talk to you and now you don't wanna talk... What do I do?
I always wanted to try lobster
Ignorant cunt then you wonder why I don't tell you shit. It's cuz I can't.
Lmao my life is a joke.
It'll be like on to catch a predator when Chris Hansen reads the chat manuscripts to the old molesters
Salute tour Little Mix
Life is a game of Psychological Warfare. Once you learn how to operate it; you've won.
Am I Wasting My Time Trying To Make You Mine.
Not missing that shit at all fuck that nuh uh
\"I'm intoxicated with thoughts of you\" wow
Ochoa is so great it's scary
I think I'm having pork belly withdrawals after my trip. Man, that city loves their pig.
All aboard 810 am train to Philly from NYC! offers are pouring in for Panthers top pick
Sports. USA\/Ghana. Soccer. Sports. Brazil. Elsa\/Anna.
Miley Is Way Much Better Than Selena, ure Fuckin kiddin me
Night before vacation and everyone's fighting yay I really wanna go now!
You know what hurts ? When some one looks you right in the eye and says I love you when they really love you for the wrong reasons.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO !!!!
I need to clean my room, but I really just am exhausted
Way to piss me the fuck off.
Who else is excited about a new album?
AND COSTA RICA WINS IT! With 10 men! What a game!!
brenna didnt fucking know prostitution was illegal
Spurs' crowd making it look like the temperature at AT&amp;T center is around 90 degrees again...and this time the AC is working
I either need my license or someone to drive me around 24\/7
If i don't have your number its ganna be very difficult for me to invite u to my grad party Lol
Happy Fathers Day!
The only time goodbye is painful is when you know you will never say hello again.
Chris Brown and Rihanna - relationship goals
Yo wtf is good with ya ?
weird that both of 's prom dates use \"whyhello\" in the beginning of their twitter handle...hmm...
NIck Cannon is wearing an afro and an afro pick?
Can't talk about game I'm playing because embargo or because I don't want to ruin review. The life of a games writer ain't easy. lol
roo is the only one I will ever legitimately call bae
she need to get the fuck out her feelings bruh
The worst part of my day is when I go home. What's the point of going home if you have nothing to come home too?
Good news for , group winners are all going to the Quarter-Finals so far.
Ants. They're everywhere. There are probably ants on you right now. Cripes life is awful. \n\nFreaking ants.
71 degrees outside. Fan on and windows wide open all night. 84 degrees in my room.
My mom wants an iPhone because she doesn't want to feel alone I'm the house
Multitasking btwn catching up on &amp; live tweeting my brain is fried but I love it lol!
I am Alice I'm in wonderland
hate people who just watch the World Cup and not even the qualifications or follow leagues ..
I can't believe this awful hair cut didn't come with a gratis paper bag. Dying.
I still feel like im going back to central next year......why is that???
Working out at the gym was more fun when I had someone to text between sets
She loves internet cats, but does she love real cats?!
I'm sooooo happy for and !!!!!! You guys are sooooo beautiful.
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO OPEN UP TO COMPLETE STRANGERS
Orange is the new black is seriously just amazing
Discussing (in Spanish) with Mes-cain . Smokey, cocoa, spicy, desert plants. Good stuff.
My mom does a really good job at making me feel like shit
q asco lo q hablamos con gui JAJAJJAJAJAJJAJ
My train (2170) is delay, but amtrak's twitter seems so nice that I could not get angry. Thanks for being real
I just met shawty tn and we fuckin
Yesterday I was photographed for an editorial on for - lookout in October!
i wouldn't even want to be around me when take care comes on.
Soo what happens if the umpire gets injured and can't stay in the game?
So.... When is nap time? I just can't handle Mondays-Fridays 9-5
I hella want to go to Yankee Stadium one day
My favorite line to use in a conversation is \"I go to boulder\"
look at Shad w\/his sexy ass (aka..bow wow )
Was hoping this summer would be as great as last summer
Really hate myself right about now for taking that 4 hour nap today
.I'm very impressed that you have twitter now, mom!
If your perspective doesn't change, the world itself doesn't change.
The amount is selfies Aaron carter posts in one day.. Just wow
I hear someone walkin around outside the bathroom man my family goes to bed at 9pm I'm not down to open the door
I just want to die right now.
Started playing clash of clans and it's taking over my life. Isaac will be proud
Who said white man can't jump?
I don't even like sports but fuck yeah America
gave myself a charlie horse because typo
I think South Beach Tow might be the funniest show in the universe
I literally forgot that today is the 23rd. Ed's album came out TODAY! I'm so proud of you. I can't believe I forgot.
Shawty I was born slick, short temper long dick
\"I really like you. A lot. I know sometimes I mess up and do things that make it seem like I don't care but trust me, you're my world.\"
Annoying when people read your messages and don't reply
That blonde chick from teen wolf is beautiful
People try way too hard to get followers and I just want to know why. Someone tell me why!!!
If you let them make you, they'll make you paper mache at a distance you're strong, until the wind comes, then you crumble and blow away.
Is a pistachio the classy sunflower seed?
i be answering the phone with attitude if you interrupt one of my songs-______-
I should have brought a broom.
maybe if jacob liked me he would dm me right now
The greatest thing you can give is it all.
Thanks to my timeline is full of bears....
Kain just said he's sprung lmao boy calm down!!
Lock self out of apartment... Check\nCrack phone screen... Check\n\nToday's been fab
I think like a ball player, so I've already forgotten about this loss!!
cada sombra da tua voz e cada silencio cada gesto que tu facas meu amor sei te decor
some people are just too sketch
Acid on her face that's a work of art
\"I love to pick my nose\" aunt grace
Not pulling out if I look into those eyes
Cool Bank !!!!!!
Made a new kik hmu Kik: TheHypeKing
I love those rare friends that you don't have to talk to everyday to be close
Rep My City Wherever I Go
No car til Tuesday, someone come pick me up
Even if I always end up crying, you can't blame a girl for trying.
Did he just score with his dick?
Need this lady too call me back
This book is going to ruin my life.
Dodgeball is one of the best movies I've ever seen
What people think of me HAHAHAHAHA \": Nope you're just naturally an annoying person\"
Before being a fan tomorrow, everyone's gotta be a fan against
Do I have to go back to plattsburgh?
Getting ready for that 5am workout
I just applied for a second job so.
i really eat cereal anytime of the day
I'm soo happy with where I am right now and the constant lame people trying to bring me down is just like come on
I learned that every thing happens for a reason
gotta remember that i can act the way i want to act
Apparently today is Social Media Day. Here's to the time I started using Neopets in elementary; that set me on a path going straight to hell
do I have a sign on my forehead that reads \"fuck with my emotions\" bc fuck
I'm almost positive I just added you on snapchat...... I think.. if not someone random got a request and now this is awkward
I said I was done and I am. Time to watch Netflix.
I grew up taking pucks to the gut and throat. Just saying.
I should have taken off work today bc I can't move my legs
On a road trip with mama listening to indie rock. Nothing is better then a chill mother.
All I want to do is watch really funny vines\/videos of ppl getting hurt, but ive already seen it all :( so uhhhhh what now?
What is with all these twists bruh...
Finally finished packing. Had to make sure all my outfits were nice.
Drinking a cold one tonight for Mexico.
I wish I could start work earlier but nope oh well at least I get to watch the soccer games !!!
Honest, some of you girls I could just look at you forever. Can't say who tho...
I say things I don't mean when I'm angry. I can be a bit of a baby. I'm incredibly sensitive. I want things my way.
FUCK COSTA RICA AND THEIR UGLY ASS SOCCER PLAYERS B
No Jermaine is your gonna do it actually tweet and be cool k
Homeless population densities in San Francisco are inversely proportional to elevation levels. Mesa, AZ knows what's up.
I hate when I say \" I dnt like coconut \" and they be like omg what kind of islander are you BIIITTTTTCCH ! MY TASTEBUDS AIN'T Frm the island
Nick and Cj are sitting in nicks backyard drinking and having a mini party and I'm just sitting in nicks house laying down
The McDonald's app, is honestly the greatest thing ever made
Dawn Delvecchio was murdered at 13 Stony Brook Drive in East Haddam. Found dead 7-26-05. Help State Police solve this murder. # coldcase
I seem to have taken up a really bad habit of leaving my lights on in my car.
Lil Wayne conjoined his dreads so now they look like doo doo dreads
No ones playing degree anymore
For someone my size i have a pretty cut chest
Thank you to for making my 19th birthday the best!
First time in a sheriff's car with Tofu...
You may not be perfect but in my eyes you are. I love talking to you. You know everything there is about me. You manage to keep me smiling.
I knew 2 relationships that were actually real and gave me hope.. And both ended fucked up!!!
JOHNSON GOES BOOM, 2 RUN SHOT. 3-0 BOMBERS.
No offense you really are pissing me off with you limit on shipping songs
Walked home in the rain because i had to park far from my house.
I bet a bag make her happy like she was pharrell
Nadie la toca la tengo en custodia!
Hahhaha that's what I'm talking about USA
I'm calling from the diner, the diner on the corner. i ordered two coffees, and one is for you. . .
The fact that played the song Sexy Back just to cheer me up lol
Work is going to be so busy today
Doctor told me My Summer was Over... I Think Not!! My Nighas 21 Let's Party
One of those vine people need to make a video of the Mexico coach going crazy with that crack kids voice in the background
Damn making it rain in the Steam gift department.
Lebron is still the greatest and most incredible human being and basketball player to ever play the game
Taker a chiller approach each day. Worry less, live more.
These hoes don't know no rock from no diamond
I ment to say legs and arms his bodywas coming along lol *****
So fun so fun
yayyyy another ice cream truck is coming :)))
If you bouta get BUTT HURT off ah damn TBH then DONT LIKE MY SHT
19. What is your definition of love?
And I will stumble and fall I'm still learning to love just starting to crawl
\"May Allah bless our mothers with a beautiful life here and hereafter. Ameen\"
I'm addicted to sports and competitive events. I watched professional darts last night and I'm excited for the hot dog eating contest.
enjoy the rest of the day and tomorrow day off have a good flight to regroup we got this
ekmek almaya gidiorm kankmlr gud bayy
\"Beautiful ladies would you like bread?\"
KSJC 240753Z AUTO 31003KT 10SM CLR 15\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T01500089 402560117
The studio life is real doe
I really wish I could delete people out of my life tho
Some people reallly dont know how to dance lol
Idk why Stastny wouldn't want to stay in Colorado.
2days Luv how Nathan is protective of Maxie..its her time n he's a perfect match! 'bout that Det West..yum-my!
If it was reverse and it was female, I'm picking bad and crazy, ain't nothing better than bad and crazy chick
Esas ganas y esa necesidad d buscarla. Pero q gana uno con buscar a algien q siepre ulle d ti
Guess I'm not sleeping tonight again :c
i want to watch Zoey 101
Deuce owns your soul!
this is what i get for taking a shit at 6pm. way to score without me, USA.
I have so many bug bites it incredible...
That injury to As catcher was painful to watch,
How come we did not hear about the plane ride on the news about the Kardashians
weird how being a photographer and hipster are like the new cool things to be
Space Jam's theme song is my shit
I WONT EVER TRUST IN THIS FUCKIN AWARDS, FUCKING SHIT
Heading to my morning work out at the gym.
can't wait to get my drunk on lataaaaa
In a year full of fuckery, I'd like to thank the Spurs for destroying the Heat. It has brought me so much joy.
Honestly the only chem I don't know is organic chemistry I think I got this
Just seen the freshest female rapper on YouTube
Una Novia Que Te Llame Cada Segundo Esoo Es Amor *.*
SO, with MY relig belief in reincarn'n\/moral opposition2 overpop, MY family biz can FIRE employees who DONT termin8 a pregn'C!
I judge people by their actions, not by what they say. If you doing gay shit ima call you a faggot
I'm at 's BlackStarsoftheGreatWhiteWay,CarnegieHall. Half way through and I've cried 3 times and been in awe throughout. LORDY
Don't try to talk to me now. I trusted you. O tried to be your friend, but instead you stabbed me in the back... I'm sorry
whenever goes to the twins house I feel like he gets bored with them and then facetimes me:\/
If I enjoyed smoking drugs I'd probably play Civilization IV eight times a day instead of three. That's too many times. Don't smoke doobs.
Bruh don't nobody feel me like I feel me
1) when got period blood on his jeans from the chunky black girl grinding on his knee.
Why are there mad heads at Denny's right now nobody is ever here come on
Literally reading the story about Bobby Womack's passing and get a push from Beats Music about a Womack playlist. They do it right
all of life is all of grace. always.
\": I keep telling myself I don't need you but I know that ain't true at all\"
I'm like the number 1 person that will never go vegan or vegetarian bruh MCDONALDS IS ON A DAILY FOR ME
Who work at cp and tryna go to the park today
Has anyone else ever watched Only God Forgives w\/ Ryan gosling and is equally as weirded out as me?
All of Jodi Picoult's books are so beautifully written. I know that is a fact even though I haven't gotten to them all.
I need to go to bed to many people throwing up tonight
So do I still go out or go to 24 ?
When you realize you're starting to catch the feels&lt;
these Africans playing dirty !
The weird thing is, WE NEVER EVEN FUCKING DATED.
*indirect tweets to nash* no response
when you get all excited for a concert and then you realize that there's a age limit .....
Walter white is the worst guy to speak after a tragedy.
Early showing of
clint DEMPSEY is love clint Dempsey is life
what's a girl gotta do to get panera at 11:42pm???
\": Suck KD dick and harden\" WOW
On my way to san jose than off to hawaii
Oomf is pissing me off so bad
So weird how my dad and sister were talking and somehow their conversation was part of my dream
The Usos remind me of the Hardy Boys. Fun, energetic wrestling. They need to get more hang time though. No one flew like the Hardys.
Song of last night: under pressure.\n
Baby you got a lot to learn
I bet show tmrw will be better than anything puts on in NYC
tired even with two cups of coffee today
Making the trip down to for camp &amp; !!! Time to find the next Lord Jeff's from the c\/o 2015!!!
Holy shit that lightning was so bright it looked like it struck in my room
s\/o to the only person who's had my back through everything. I love you
I love that they always put Kufi Kingston in the match every year but everyone knows he's never going to win lol
I'm tired and frustrated and annoyed and confused all at the same time.
If anyone understand me it's samone frfr
Ain't no nigga like the one I got.
KRHV 231650Z 13008KT 10SM SKC 20\/11 A2996
Some mentions I just be like do you expect me to write back to this?
I actually like Ronaldo but I want USA to win nothing wrong with it right
People who complain should have a special place in hell reserved for them
Life is just so simple and perfect right now
we be freakin all night like we was on E.
He's a goner no more World Cup for him.
The purge is lit I'm def gonna see that
Here's a juicy bit-- that IG picture---&gt;&gt; was actually a prev post made by a doctor colleague of mine that I reposted. He still has a job.
I mean you would think that I'm upset to hear that you come home at 10:30PM just to work some more. After working for almost 9 hrs alrdy
I am attempting to blend into their habitat, but my clothing choices just aren't cutting it
TapTalk has become my go to messaging app. So little friction
Just ordered a Bacon egg&amp;cheese sandwich with an Arizona iced tea from Jackie's
Pose calmement devant le match! 94-76 pour les spurs
I would probably start hyperventilating and pass out if Beyonce touched me
my mom sat down to talk to me with tears in hers eyes about her being concerned that I'm into hard core drugs... It honestly broke my heart
Oooooo excited to see Mookie bat tonight!
Me: Dude I'm sweaty as fuck\nZamir: you're dry as hell \nMe: you're dms are dry as hell
If she's in jail ima punch her dumbass!
What ever is a big deal to you might not be such a big deal to others.
I should probably just camp out in the mall parking lot cause I spend most of my time working there.
Ghana's jersey's are sick though not going to lie
Please 8% last me till work
Another , another American bleeding. Wtf.
People need to stop calling each other white or black or Hispanic or Chinese or Japanese or whatever. We're all one world.
.So how would awesome beat amazing? verifying , right? And also ? Me too. :)
JONES PUTS IT INnbbn
hate celebs that let fame get to their head
The Spurs deserve this championship!
This Weekend Was Amazing Aside From Some Drama.
But what I really want to do is be a filmmaker
How are people still going crazy over Frozen.
Shout out to the detective that bought me my beer &gt;&gt;&gt;
Well while I was looking for my credit card two identical twins came up to me at the gym and gave me both there numbers.. Idek
Bby eres mi numberrr 1
Second stage reading Thurs Sardines&amp;Olives dir Bobby Sobel opens late Fall stay tuned. I play The Baroness!
If anyone finds my ltv lanyard contact me k thanks
Wtf is that man wid the red beard??
Dad goes \"flag on the Americans?\"
vans with your face all over
He Has No Reason To \": He should cri RT : Why They Zoom in On LeBron Eyes Like That...He's Not Crying .. Damn..\"
Looking forward to the just got the tour- grand opening in 10 days- beautiful design
that was a beautiful goal. Jermain Jones is a monster
social climbing ass niqqa'.
&amp; my boys are off with their cousin Miah, unty Boogie &amp; grama Nate LOL! Have fun, be GOOD, be SAFE &amp; see ya in 2 weeks..ThankYou!
I would never forget Zendaya is half black bruh!
i want a new michael kors bag so bad
The only people you need in your relationship are yourselves and GOD ... LEAVE EVERYTHING ELSE OUT
And the judge can't decipher his left from his right or his right from his wrong
You have a phone the size of a small country, you got the e-mail ya dumb fuck
I want chips, guacamole and martinits. Tonight would of been a perfect night for it
Can anyone give me a ride to my soccer game today?! You can also play we need an extra player
Why are random freshmen texting me at night when I ddnt even give them my #
No offense to drama club you is cool people
Excuse me while I go drowned my sorrows in a bottle of Sriracha...
This will be one long \/emotional\/ summer
Well anyway, batman begins is still such an amazing movie.
wow we're talking about the World Cup in class rn &amp; I hve no idea wtf they're talking about lol
Some weird nuclear skies tonight. They look bigger than usual.
Does anyone else hate when tv shows act like the psats are so important when actually they mean less than nothing
\": I've had baby fever since I grew boobs \": I dont think ive experienced baby fever.\"\" 0_0
Hate seeing niggas do half reps of a weight they have no business lifting
your Western sexual ethics have created this rape culture. and you cant see why you wouldnt follow their script
Random ass hit ups . Piss me offf soooo bad . Like Miss me ?? Um no Felicia .
I was planning on sleeping a little more but nooo I just had to pee
I should really go to San Francisco more often, I mean hell I live in the bay
What is this? A center for Ents? It needs to be at least 6 times smaller.
\": never wanted to slap the shit out of a little kid so bad\"
All my friends visit Amie and I at work, it's the best!
Magic Johnson's son should have stayed in the den or closet or where ever the hell that middle aged mother came from.
I really dont what I would do if I didnt have mylene in my life. I would be a big mess.
Wait, the Knicks just traded Chandler and Felton? Really smart move, a rarity for a franchise run by blues legend James Dolan.
I will never forget that time daisia jumped on me from deep and i wanted to fight her lmaoo
Inside on top of you grinding inside and out of you
Someone tell my why Spanish girls are so bad
Mistakes are the things that make us who we are.
When I see people sleeping in the break room at work, all I can think about is how anti-TU their lives have become. Struggle harder, guys
Hmmm I think my twitter header is pretty clever.
I am a living, breathing, fuckin corpse
I'm watching the Grammys or nah?
The spanish broadcost right now: MESSI MESSI MESSI GOLASOOO ARGENTINAAAAA
I'm on \"Derek and Romaine\" now til 11pm. LISTEN IN! CALL IN! DAMMIT!!
Prob gunna order 's bday present and 's preorder for the new album in a couple days
Remember when there was fun stuff for 18 year olds to do at night? HA. Nope.
So quick to assume the worst and be negative , shit pisses me off
Penn state football tickets acquired for the last time as a student. 67 days til kickoff. Let's do this
So apparently there's a man vs wild game...
That's the real question.
\"Down ass bitch w\/ a twisted mind\"
I listen to the arctic monkeys a lot but I s2g the only time I listen to \"do I wanna know\" is when it's on the radio.
Drake and Josh was the best show of my childhood
it's only during our weakest times that we realize how strong we really are.
It would make me incredibly uncomfortable to have to hear \"you're so pretty\/cute\/hot\/etc\" on a daily basis.
The West Getting More And More Stacked While Bitch Ass Probably Still Gonna Stay In The East To Try To Coast. Fucking Bum
I spit on your grave, aftermath genesis, eraser head , murder set pieces , irreversible, Henry portrait of a serial killer, a Serbian film
whatever the arguing will be over soon... hopefully.
Weird that it's 0100 in Britain and I'm only just going out for my tea
I've been putting random shit on my poison ivy for like 2 hours now.
just watch it wrap around a nigga
The real housewives spilt up by hair colors brunette vs blonde
What if Broly was actually in love with Goku, and what he was tea
Hmmmmmm... Klinnsman, I think u should call Landon Donavan back
wow I hate my phone so much rn it took me two hours of rebooting so it could send texts and actually make tweets like wtf :'))))))
\"where'd you find this gringo ese??? the fucking mumford and sons concert and shit????\"
I would b nice If testa ever answered
Sometimes I'll stay up til like 4AM and remember that I summer school and then get really depressed, lol
I always warn people but they never believe it until it's already done.
Ginobli Godly bro
Damn y'all taking super Ls right now lmao
Budweiser is gunna make a killing today
Just thinking about it is making my mouth water...
5 hours until game time!
\": OK WE GET IT YOU KINDA HAVE A BUTT NOW* SHUT UP ABOUT IT\"
\": I gargle nut then blow cum bubbles around ur dick after you bust in my mouth and I swallow it after.\"-Sounds Good.
Uk ur bored when u can't shut up on twitter
Keep those stats coming fellow mainframers
He was amazing!!!
I really just wanted Oden to get a ring
you can stand under my umber ella ella ella
Like why are you subbing me... Like bye
Legit looked into squatters rights laws today. This is what my life has come to. I think I need a drink or six.
Is YoSecret a thing yet? Can't wait to read the stories on that one.
I mean really? Would you even try that stunt with a net?
I don't even fuck with award shows anymore it's all bullshit video of the year should require some actual choreography
And the way he looked at her is the way all girls wanna be looked at
- &amp; im still up .
Watching on --I forgot how much I loved this movie. It is such the best.
I don't understand why havin your shit together is so difficult. How do you wake up w no direction in life? How do you not live w a purpose?
I just wanna buy the world through the impossible
Just won a bottle of vodka gambeing at a local fair. And this is what my life has come to.
I need to get out of this house
I don't wanna waste my time , become another casualty of society
I really wanted to work this summer but i have to go dr jk Lmfao fuck yall bitches im out
I been through a lot in my life, I am so strong because if anyone else went through all I've went through they wouldn't of made it this far
Reason number 83731 why I love being in New York this summer: I'm single and have no curfew so I can eat Mr. Softee for dinner.
It's like I'm sleepy.. but twitter.
Just know that Gianna Dellefave gets the last word! So if you want to stop fighting then you better yet just stop replying!
Heat fans are gunna be like the heat tomorrow in school: not showing up.
I'm so done the president ate at chipotle okay
When a girl takes too long to text back it is assumed that she is too busy to but God forbid a guy to take awhile to text back the girl.
Happy birthday I hope it is legendary
In regards to baseball: I got romantic inclinations and I got stats
Today is like my second birthday. Excuse my excitement
Yep, vine is still terrible. Lack of original content, literally nothing but revines....
If you think you know me based off my tweets ..... fuck you.
So tired &amp; my toe itches lmao
When am i getting home D;
Happy 4th! I'm so happy to be treating myself to Obvious Child today
In other news, I'm officially First Aid and CPR certified so who needs their life saved? Holllllla
good win for the boys today
Im glad i read the book before the movie
Either he is or he aint ya man
And that's how you start a game
INGRID AND EMILY COBBINAH ARE TRICK ASS BITCHES WHO SCREENSHOT\/RECORD EVERYTHING
Aw quand je tweet je kiff voir \"De San Fransisco, CA\"
Being broke sucks
I just want a sonic slushi with hot cheetoes. Is that too much to ask
Love the sound of rain on the window
That moment when your deck designer bails on you last minute...
i just wanna take you out and show you off !!
What does it mean when you can no longer find an album you've already been listening to on ?
THEY CLOSED PART OF MCLAUGHLIN NOW I HAVE TO TAKE A DETOUR TO GWT ON THE 280 FUCK
New Jack Daniels commercial is all about Sinatra... Didn't know he's buried with a bottle of the stuff.
It's time to look for some real friends
There sure are a lot more Spurs fans than I thought
My twitter blew up with soccer shit thanks to -.- you retweet a lot. I'm scrolling endlessly.
Don't surround yourself with people who have nothing to lose when you have everything to lose.
She avoids relationships because if you crush you get crushed...
I really miss fiction writing. I wish I still did it as often as I used to (aka everyday when in elementary school). So. many. notebooks.
Probably shouldn't start shit if you can't handle reciprocation.
Baby I can make that pussy rain often
JUST WALKED BY THE DUGGARS FROM 19 KIDS AND COUNTING WTF THEY ARE AT THIS AIRPORT OMG
Cameron is a babe
Follow Right now Gain x30 !!!!
My grandpa always told me i will see what being a man feels like soon i didn't think he meant it at 17.
Baby if you want me, you got to show me love
Mandy was like one of the prettiest girls at canyon to me
Ugh watching last night's episode of is especially depressing right now.
Once I start, I can't stop. and ...not together btw
WTF GOOD WITH THIS NIGGA HAIR
\"It's The Little Details That Are Vital\" Little Things Make Big Things Happen... John Wooden
Sorry I needed a moment of immaturity there. Hahahahaha.
Hice que Fer se llene de odio hahahhaha
Ginoooobiliiiiiiiii!! What is going on???\n
Fuck them other hoes you got the award already
Come on Dolph. bring it to BNB!
Anddddddd currently lying in bed, overeating cheese it's.
I have the most amazing people in my life
YO there's a girl from RH in the first episode of OITNB
Oooh I'm a little insta whore now! gonna learn you how to live a little bit
Flight indefinitely delayed. Storms coming. Pilot refused to take off. Staying with relatives in New York. Sleep now.
Don't get too close to the fire, but also don't stand too far from it
Great strt and great goal
Just dropped the 30 pound bar bell on my fucking foot from about 5 feet up.
Wow 4th of july tornado basically\n\nI LOVE 'MURICA (good grammar)
.Owned me? I know liberalism was code for salvery, but rarely do I hear the libs confess their true desires.
My cousins being a bitch ass nigga in London
\"Stop drinking poison and expecting it to kill your enemies\"
Lord all I need is that call tomorrow saying come thru and lord knows it's on site.
Hate when my eyes are red &amp; low, I don't like eye drops
I swear some females be having the most fake friendship
But I feel like someone gonna test my spirits and make me go to jail..
What these bitches want from a nigga.
trippy fresh to death, like the afterlife
Major news on &amp; yet is still on this coverage of not that that child's death is not tragic
RT : Walking around Brooklyn, slapping people's brunches to the ground.
I refuse to go to school cos I know they'll send me back home. Damnit they need to answer the phone
I think my phone hates me still cause it is dies instantly and is dead majority of the day yayyy
Singing the Beautiful soundtrack with strep throat makes me sound much more authentic
I don't know how to comment on the fact that all of my neighbors seriously hate me
my last weekend in Ct &amp; I hope it's the best
But the spurs is turning up the heat.
The spurs are up by 18 pts with less than 2 min in the 4th quarter and pop won't smile
Very very high with
My dad is always complaining about my shorts being too short lmao
Just give lebron the fucking ball
Nangawit binti ko dun ah. Lakad pa.
Idk why everyone thinks they can be singers lmfao
Where the fuck did Anthony come from. He stay going ghost on me
I'm about to go home and watch SAO Lol and wait for simo class tomorrow
The fault in our stars is over rated, although it is a great book
Honestly I really fucking hate people
Shoutout to LT on Castle bc he does so many stupid errands around the 12th for everyone.
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart.
he has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted,to proclaim liberty to the captives,and the opening of the prison to those who are bound. . . .
You can tell who didn't put on deodorant today.
I've said it before and I'm sure I'll say it again. Pick 2 random fans in the stadium&amp;have them trade places with the goalies. No difference
KSJC 240653Z 32003KT 10SM CLR 16\/09 A2997 RMK AO2 SLP148 T01610089
Just finished watching a Lego movie with athena
Still kinda feel bad for the guy that scored on his own goal earlier
Mariah's off to grindstone.. Room to myself. FUCK YEAAAAH
I've burned bridges with the wrong people ..
So pumped for Wilfred!
this is dead new to me. idk how to respond to things like that
Were all gonna be dickheads and try and go to a BBQ, dress up nice and get caught in the rain, get drenched and muddy.
Telling me not to worry will only make me worry more so don't tell me not to worry
I really hope the Rangers draft a power play.
Wishing i would get ice cream or something delivered to my house
Can't sleep facing fear trusting God keeps running through my head there's no play at VBS this year just Music next year we should have both
Have a festive Red, White and Blue Day. Yep.
I have work in 20 minutes and I'm still in bed
Can't wait to hang out with this hangover all day
Back-to-back jacks. Yeah,
I really hate the flight from Cali to OZ.
When did job applications get so long?!
IM SORRY IM RETWEETING SO MUCH EVERYONE IS FUNNIER THAN I AM
You become who you hang out with, not entirely, but you'll become more and more like your friends over time
Done w Transmigration o Tim Archer. \"Trilogy\" is kind of a stretch.
Why am I attracted to crazy ass female s
I should be asleep, but instead I'm starving
what the beautiful lady said: RT : How about some runs ?
That moment u surrender to life situations and realize u have no control of the unknown...
Well what a birthday today was! The day is over and all I've done is get shoved on a plane shoved in a car and shoved in a hotel room thanks
I will not break the way you did
There's only 2 more days till free agency... My head is going to explode if and when we start making moves
PSA: If anyone would like to see more pictures my hair (hahaha, if!) I welcome you to my Snapchat, where I post them constantly: Linds.e1
Kmt the guy stand up and watch the ball went past him
Cant freaking wait till american horror story is back on
I know something you don't know
Played 18 holes golf so didn't get to see get 11 hits and score 2 runs, I got a few birdies though so day wasn't all bad
She can't be serious with these wigs lmaoo
So according to my timeline, the BET awards are a mess. Glad I'm not watching.
i respect strippers, they know that they shouldn't waste time in order to make money
Today's dreams are tomorrow's standards. Love bold and huge.
A lot of my \"friends\"keep trying to discourage me through this entire process.So I just have 1 question for you:
Never fails if I have to get up early I can't fall asleep.
What a hit!
Just entered my credit card into Steam, goodbye money haha
The fact that is really good at journalism AND trolling makes me incredibly happy.
I want cuddles and a massage like reeeaaallll bad rn
eu to rindo mt c isso KKKKKKKKKK melhor coisa
Yup I'm still up thinking about u sighhhh I miss u
I could eat a crumb and it'll show in my dress
If soft drinks and Twinkie snacks are so bad for you, then how come I've lost half my vision and can't get an erec--- .. wait, help
Lol at the people who consider anyone who lives in ladera Fucking rich...
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY MY FELLOW AMERICANS
Born in a Cadillac die in a Mercedes
The She Wolf is a babe
Yes on a une chambre pour moi et mon cousin! Awesome
I also want a cat and a dog and the floor in my room to be finished.
This is literally the worst fucking day
Still at JFK nearly 12 hrs after scheduled departure time. No comp offered by beyond few meal vouchers, only excuses.
Yay Dempsey is back. Now all we need is altidore!
Buy me Chanel chance perfume for Christmas thx
Said you drive stick well baby just pull off
I don't understand why people starting shit like it's summer tf get over it!
Literally just started crying because I thought I had to wake up at 6 tomorrow morning.
\"No... I hit you.... like wam.. SLam... BAM. I DONT THINK SO DANDELION. IM A GARDEN ROSE\" - -crazy eyes
I gotta go to work tomorrow and hear this bullshit
Literally so excited to start watching house of cards again.
BBQ food and movies with the boys, such a perfect Monday summer afternoon.
Spent my Sunday right...toes in the sand &amp; now a cold margarita in my hand.
Lmao RT : \"Nawwww it aint even like that\" = You caught me, but I can't think of an excuse.
I might be attempting a Let's Play at diamondclub.tv right now. I suck ass.
Literally was going nuts in the candy store , I wanted EVERYTHING!
Jesse McCartney is still the bae
Those \"down for whatever\" type of people &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
That tap water. If you know what I mean.
I could talk about Indian classical dance for literally 3 whole days
at sum point we became conscious
How long does it take to walk around lake Chabot?
Fuck a fake friend where your real friends at
This world cup is crazy! I love itttt
Zzzzz. So over this. Chance after chance and nothing seems to change which is Totally textbook.
all of yo kids need they dad ass bitch.
So tell me you love me
\"bueno voy a decir la notas en voz alta\"\n\nmuerete
When you smile I melt inside, I'm not worthy for a minute of your time
Already got one, rolled up in my left hand
I used to make the dumbest youtube videos, watching them 5 years later Im suffering from servere embaressment
Y'all's opinion on manga and cereal is so trashhh, I can't trust y'all no more
Need a mall run asap
I'm really scared for the chem regents
Went to the Shack and got my new Lifeproof case after canceling my phone protection plan. Love the customer service !
I went to the U.S open last year a day before the riot
doesn't deserve this win. Playing like straight garbage.
Your charming even though your not around
I put my phone on the charger and left it alone at 15% 7 mins. ago and now its at 1%
Tell me my house isnt fire....buh dum ts
I'm actually watching the game tomorrow ~gasp. Should be some drunken noontime fun
The Heat stress me out
I guess I just wait for you now...? I hate this, but it'll be worth it.
That sucks Altidore is done for the World Cup
Is the chem regents in the morning or
JERMAINE BABY OMG!!!!!!!
does no one wanna talk to me? Fuuuuuckkk. Okay I get it lol. Ima go to bed or whatevaaa, GN.
What do you when life gives you lemons
Gresku u tvitu mrzim vise od Doboja.
Where was the possessive apostrophe supposed to go in that tweet tho?
I honestly don't really care I just wanted Greece to win bc it's pretty there. That was the first game I actually watched
If there is one thing that I'm taking away from orientation, it's that I do not want to become an orientation leader.
There are so many shitty movies out rn and then there's which is absolutely amazing. That is a great ass movie
For some reason it takes 3 people to figure out how to use a vending machine
It's apparently. I miss the summer Olympics
Knock it down thats a free throw, hit a friend thats a And1
Every end is a new beginning
just bc you know the song chocolate by the 1975 or you listen still into you in the radio doesn't mean you have a good taste on music sorry
OCC sending me mail telling me I could still go for free.. Ya but I already did and I rather set my face on fire then go back there
All I want to do tonight is go on a walk, eat some ice cream and then watch a movie ugh
No more nice me I been passed that
Last night I got pissed on.
BRITNEY SPEARS WENT BACK TO BEING BLONDE! I REPEAT BRITNEY SPEARS WENT BACK TO BEING BLONDE!
All these a people and their transformation Tuesdays
Dad wants to add a 2nd pool and a guest house and a waterslide from the roof into our backyard.... Down
You ever wonder what it all really means
Today's been a good day :)
I have so much to do today
From Drakes to Meeks to Kres. They all nice
You pose to be here when my head hurt.
I used to be in love with but he is turner into a huge doucher
You never get used to it, you just have to live with it
Practice was fun until I got bit by another god damn bug!
I went to the beach today w my legs lookig like a fucking wolf
I wish I was brave enough enough to go after what I want.
All everyone has to do for tomorrow is just BOLIEVE
So my nanas client looks at me then sates out of no where \"you are SO beautiful.\" And that made me smile. Thank you women I don't know.
In every scary movie there is some dumbass who is running and trips over nothing.
The Bluebirds on my deck are awake. I just love them! So cute
I'm sorry if I watch ur snapchat stories 2 seconds after you post them it's just that I have no life
babies w curly hair r so cute omg
Nigga, why you babysitting only two or three shots?\nI'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
Oh teen wolf is back...
ready to cry my eyes out when I see Maddy graduate
It's really hard to leave bed when i'm loving every song being played
To go to bed or watch the last episode of gossip girl
It would be nice to have a blow job\nIt would be nice to have a blow job\nIt would be nice to have a blow job \nFrom your Mom
Damn they cut to commercials thats od disrespect
The humphreys are the most annoying people in gossip girl along with Vanessa
Well I just watched the first episode of Sherlock and I'm straight up hooked.
WTF BULLSHIT OFFSIDES
\": twitter fucked up when they added gifs smh\" rft
Hell fucking yes!!!
I want to live in a country where the average citizen does not find 21\/22 jump street funny whatsoever
I get a annoyed so easily
to arrive home and see you have one beer left
Kyle sleeps more than he's awake lmaoooooo
Mamiss ko jay nu tay panagtutudo, agtartaray ka mapan agsada tricycle
if you say you don't like In N Out you know you're lying
All I want is a girl who won't stop doing the little things that got me to fall for her.. Don't get too comfortable that will get u replaced
When I start assuming things, people start getting offended
Iggy Azalea - Black Widow ft. Rita Ora
Was riding even with the midtown-to-Williamsburg peloton until I tried to gun it up the first half of the Williamsburg Bridge
Then the change you see, like then and there, it's weird as hell
My soul is darker than my clothes
713 idk you but your really cute and we should talk sometime
i forgot how good jersey bagels really were
Wonder whose ranked 69th in our class this year
Dude this weekend gon b R
When my cat isn't a total sociopath all is well.
I only know her from the Tyler Perry plays...
\" this kid on our block used to do cocaine, and now he's just a raging alcoholic. \"
You're the reason that my heart beats, and you're the reason that it breaks
So the mavs were the closest to beat this team
I wanna know is this as good as it gets?
Goooooooollllllll 2-1 XD
Jhene Aiko - To Love &amp; Die &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
since I feel better today I refuse to waste this day.
Its summer and i havent seen aryana once.
god mom I'm only 12\nIT'S A METAPHOR
Pretty sure I have the best best friend.
The Champ Is Here!!!! \n
Nights like these bring me back, I'm happy to be back.
What doesn't kill you fucks you up mentally.
Greece deserved to win. They were the better team BY FAR!!!
I just want to go to the gym!
So what you saying hoe you know I'm the man hoe
My consequences, both good and bad, are my own. I'll own them to the grave, nigga.
Hoy no es que rompa cadenas ,solo me doy por vencido y te perdono por todo ,por venir y haberte ido .
Listen bitch if i ask you to get a slice of pizza with me its cause i like you......
Calvin Coolidge, the only President born on the 4th of July. Happy Birthday to THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA! SHE's the best!
When is the fun gonna begin..
If they ask you how u doing tell them better than you!
Watchig the keynote, and noticing the \"allowing custom keyboards four or five years ago\" jab at was definitely a highlight.
Damn I really liked Jason Kidd. Id go coach Jabari if I had the opportunity too tho
dang i need to hangout with Melo, Ruby, Ashley, and Sonia
Well looks like I'm spending the night in walden
Stopped ballin when the ganja got stronger
Three s2000's pull up and i start crying
The only way to hide the elephant In the room is by bringing the giraffe in
I'm here at home hella boredd
It's a 70's disco time of day
Plan: wake up at 8:00 to go run\nReality: still in bed at 8:30
Dead about to punch my brother in his chest....
Brett Gardner is actually my hero
The word \"girlfriend\" scares the shit out of me
En mi avatar salgo virolo, por eso me gusta tanto:G.
Had such an amazing day in NYC with and
Yes RT : 10. Have you ever lost feelings for someone because of what your boys\/girls told you?
I didn't learn a single thing in chem all year bc half the time I was arguing with Dannick to shut up about Obama
Studying for my Spanish final by watching Argentina play, close enough!
After this week I sayin snow is the way not to go. They can really mess with your life and haunt u
Yad think treating ppl the fashion of the worth of their soul not honourable?
Rain rain go away; I want to see some fireworks tonight!
If money makes you happy just know, my heart is made out of gold.
These jeans clapping and they aint using hands
Costa Rica aint getting past the quarters
I'm actually cool with this rain.... to make up for it being so hot today
Going to work this early sucks so much ass
Teen wolf is so intense and its only the season premiere ...
I wonder if She'd Watch Raw with me Lol
Anyone know a good url shortener app for mac that lives in the menu bar and has bitly account support?
2- I fucking love you mol
There's nothing quite like the NYC skyline at dusk
boy you dont love me you just say that shit to get to me boy .
I have a thing for bookstores
There are legit tears running down my face bc I miss Steve so much
judging you if you don't respect your parents
Does anyone have an iPhone 5 charger I can borrow??
Is you goooood , or nahh like damn?
Seriously want to play pond hockey one day
It's my moms MF BIRTHDAYYY AND 45 never looked so damn good. Happy birthday mom love you. She won't see this cause she don't have a twitter
Sloan made eye contact with a young boy's \"ween\"
On another note, thank goodness for the boppy pillow, my son loves it &amp; I don't have to sit up holding him for 20 mins after feeding
I put up with this shit too much. Night time it is... After this beer that is
\": Bro, do you even lift?\" Nah
It's onnnnnn!!!!!! Game time!!!!
When my boyfriend and I say I love you at the same time ......
everything good makes you basically fat an addict or broke
What if I can't get pre.......*sigh
Blue Foundation - Eyes in Fire
And it doesn't help that I can't fall asleep talking to my boyfriend....
Leonardo DiCaprio should've won an oscar for what's eating Gilbert grape, his acting was amazing.
I wake up to my dog in my room every morning now awww
that's disrespectful no no no you did fifteen muchhh
I wear my work apron out and about bc it has great pockets and (hopefully) communicates to people that I look dirty + miserable for a reason
Feel like my moms gonna yell at me in the am ugh lol
Someone needs to win already and it better be Costa Rica!
Someone take me to get Ceviche
BET awards? Is yeezy gonna be there tho
I don't believe in love because when two people love each other one of then still hurts one and they are still in love. If I shoot you...
I want a woman that knows her faults, knows mine but doesn't dwell on either set of them
Watching the last two episodes of \"49 Days\". I highly recommend this !
GAMEDAY. Ready to watch begin it's championship run. Either way it goes, I will be crying
Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck
Nice three bosh lol
Hearing a beat from my stash.....yup i got this
gol. 1 - 0
I actually might shoot these birds outside my window in two seconds
If you have just one negative emotion you can't part with, that alone can be enough to sabotage your life.
Headed to the nightmare that is Coney for 4th of July $$$
You make me fall in love with u and then u call me a crazy bitch because I'm still in love wow
I treat girls with RESPECT because they deserve it
Smithtown East's Kevin Schroeder made one reception for six yards and had four punts for 109 yards, with a long of 39 yards, for team LI.
Clint Dempsey scores 30 sec into the match. # ThanksObama
Never drinking again
\"My aunts a food critic. No. She's not. She's a nurse.\"
Like Bruh, You Gonna Talk Shit About Your Own Government But You Went To Public School And Get FAFSA. That's None Of My Business Though.
THE RED WHITE AND BLUE YOU PORTUGUESE FUCKS
Family Planning is a sin in Puritan America
9\/10 of the uber facts are so stupid and fake
As if I'd actually get up right now and eat ....
Fuck Ray Allen's dunk from game 2! Manu flew!!!!
Why is Drake hosting the ESPYs...
hamlet is about horatio, probably one of the best characters ever written, hamlet is just a foil for him truly
casually pushing 120mph on the freeway.
I just ride
Double digit loses. 3 times in a row.
Ice-T the rapper fucking blows lmao
Ill Rather Die Then Work w. A Hang Over on My Day off!!
I've never actually paid attention the lyrics in this song, wow
That was the realist game of monopoly I've ever played Congrats
I blame for my addiction to this game
T-minus 2 hours until our Young Alumni Weekend begins at the SLO HotHouse!
I luv it when your eyes are red
I'm pretty cool around random celebrities but I'm trying so hard not to fangirl Starlee Kine in this Facebook group
I'll freak you right I will, I'll freak you right I will, I'll freak you like no one has ever ever made you feel
Haven't had a good laugh in a while ...
These are two very attractive teams.
I'm still trippin out over this...damn what a night
A (micro mini) tributary! As would say: \" hah lay loo! Praise him!\"
Literally just had a romantic comedy style meeting with someone on the subway. I guess my life is officially a movie now
I made the decision today to not be afraid to talk to strangers.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
I WANT MY BANDANA GODDAMN IT
Go spurs go (killing myself slowly)
Love seeing draft pick Bobby Clarke with Travis draft pick in 2014
I wonder if there are people who still get excited when Full House comes on.
Someone talk to meeee I'm so boredddd
But it's okay because you have a eating disorder anyway.
\"He asked if I was the devil, I just smiled\"
I give up on trying to be skinny fml
Hard out there in a suit today. Cool vibes to all my well dressed friends today.
When we grow up checking for monsters under the bed becomes checking our bank accounts. Equally as terrifying.
i miss the field days at black rock school
Lightroom mobile is easily the best photo editing app. Others are too destructive in processing. Makes me excited to shoot on my phone!
Y am i up there aint shit to do
Why do bitches think they're the shit when they're not like at fucking all lol
Awww my dog just came back from getting his teeth pulled out and neutered and he looks so sad. ):
Waking up early tomorrow is killing my vibe
Trying to pee and multitask is so hard
THANK YOU JESUS THANK YOU TOM CRUISE!!!!
I mean my best friend just deleted the picture she posted of me an hour ago..... Guess I'm really not cute enough
Just saw a car flip right Infront on our car I feel so bad for the family it was so bad
So much anxiety for tomorrow's game
Noted without comment: There's a woman bowling while wearing her baby in a sling.
I wish parents would stop using the term \"playdate\". Come over to play, go to x's house, hangout, but \"playdate\" is stupid.
I decided im going to ride my bike everywhere becuase gas is so much.
A1a: remember there is always another day and one you.
I wish josh from the bachelorette was 18
these are nights I really miss having you to talk to, fuck you.
obviously Nate would want Serena over Blair, Serena is flawless idgi
~bana castn iconu atn lN
Lea ya bitchass how about we leave you ok
I always find the truth out
Can't wait to move out west and start over.
Northwestern be pullin out the wettest unis !
Can't think right if I'm hungry
S\/o to Jovan, I miss learning choreo from him.
mom just asked me what I laugh at in my room cause she can hear me all the way downstairs...me mom, I'm hilarious. but mostly vine
My human instincts were to add friction but the god in me took over and I opened my book.
Honestly. I am not going to put up with fake hypocrite people all you do is talk about people thats the only thing you always do.
Im Tired Of Trying To Get To You. Seems Like Theres Nothing To Get To.
I messed up my summer fling, fuck itttt lol
Lolol RT : After tonight, I think I need to hang up my ball kicks
Leo Messi Leo Messi Leo Messi
DAMN! Greece better stop this next shot.
I don't see why people hate alex after what she did I mean shit I'd do the same thing to get my ass free from prison
Really debating on smacking certain niggas when I see them
Rep AB leak. AB is water.
Como se dice \"quiero ir, pero no con usted\"...pero sabes en un buena manera
YO IF THIS BITCH IS DEAD IN THE ATTIC IMMA PISS MYSELF
lol @ me 4 thinking it was a good idea 2 watch devils die rn
Welp looks like I won't be attending EVO this year. Hopefully I can make it to another major.
I keep farting and it's not letting me sleep lol
Out of the gym at 1am and into work at 6am every single day while everyone else is still sucking on their pacifier
YES SOUTH PARK IS ON FOR AND HOUR AND A HALF!!!!!!
S\/O to cam for teaching me US history class in one night
You should've heard how loud Recovery got with Jermaine Jones' goal !
I have no fucking clue what to wear today because of the weather.
Thank god I'm fine this morning.
Damn Messi is too nice. That goal was precise!
A little more than 4 hours left! Like my FB &amp; follow me on twitter to show your support!!
Point is I hope she goes lol
You appreciate so much more of what you have when you accept what is and have faith in what will be
More bucks but less love,\nyou hear them drums, Questlove.
Amazing fuckin goal. Froze the goalie up
Dempsey is too nasty. And nobody is scoring on Tim Howard
I just want to play gigs &amp; make enough to get by.
Call me naive, but I think it's Dolph's night!
the news focuses on only one severe problem at a time when in reality, the world is simultaneously facing many dour issues
When I was 23 n 1 they had me starrin At the bars
If my work doesn't call me out for this thunderstorm I will be in severe depression
you can't trust anyone with anything now a days\/\/...
In a world of pure inebriation tweeting is always the answer. Especially when it is after midnight during the week and are trying to be sly.
PORRA ELE CHUTA COM AS 4 PERNAS E AINDA ERRA AQUELE GOL
Y'all won't admit it.. but Pharrell looks like Kermit the Frog.
Is it possible to be allergic to air for only about forever
USA this Thursday: Listen, we're sorry about WW2 and such, can we at least tie right?\nGermany: NEIN!
Hey Jon Cozart fans! What do you think of Part Two??!!!
lol at the fact that I know this song bc it was senior elites dance song
SCORE AGAIN PLZ
Mike be having drinks wit dick cubes in it naaaaaaaa
Not down to start fasting tomorrow
These futbol players stay trippin'
El miercoles Argentina vs Nigeria a las 12pm
My sister can't drive me to practice because she's to busy sleeping her ass off holy shit
Home sweet home haha. Fuck I hate it already
You could label me an asshole, I am anyway.
Feels so good to be home, but that was high quality bro time lol
I never meant to start a war. I just wanted you to let in.
i rarely get tired of using ableton but i need a break. that fucking metronome is driving me bonkers
I think Ghana is doing some Voodoo shit getting US players injured and shit
I hate when people be like but have like 10 best friends, BRUH.
I hate Mondays. I always work late on Mondays.
\": what's so funny Lmfaoo\"\nLol ion even know how that happened
Ugh work is so slow, why am I here?
I just want to be able to sleep
Whenever I watch Monsters Ball &amp; the sex scene w\/ Halle Berry &amp; Billy Bob Thornton happens I think to myself there's no way that's not real
Muchlinski had a smirk on his face.
I know! Why don't you wear the little Gucci dress
FUCK YES, my first day of work tomorrow let's goo
Sometimes when I'm sad I just listen to Lemuria and every thing becomes a million times better instantly.
Mount Vernon been working on Memorial Field for 4 years. Looks more like a memorial less like a field.
Dressing different, isn't different anymore.
Wow 2 yrs ago me &amp; the KJ girls were beyond fuuuucked up in wildwood why the fuck can't that happen every year...
Miami knows what they have to out pass tonight, I got the Spurs again for this one. They've been playing to well to stop them. Goodluck
I cant go to bed without watching family guy
Ghana is playing dirty. Not happy in hurting my favorite player. Not happy.
I feel really bad for the homeless man I was sitting next to on the subway because he almost killed me with his smell
hello I have changed the handle
Siskiyou County, the land with nothing except natural beauty, I-5, crazy people and Jesus
what do u all think abt the 'right to be forgotten' ? its very strange..basically these ppl just file recursive 'requests' to search co's
Pleased call me love you
74 DAYS UNTIL FOOTBALL
Get the fuck away from me
At times idk &amp; I feel like when I say idk ppl just think im hidin shit but in reality I cant process my thoughts into words so I say idk.
Cheering for , watching legend (), awaiting v . All while celebrating Independence Day.
Also and nevertheless I realize that i wasn t feeling homesick those last months, I was just missing the city !
You both talk so much shit on each other wtf
Yay! Mom ordered me a juicer!!
Thanks for not pulling out pops
I always find some way to ruin a good thing in my life
have I waited too long to see you?
WHOS COMING TO TRANSFORMERS WITH ME ON FRIDAY!??? \n\nF
attempting to find a large enough patch of non-sunburnt skin to sleep on
Fuck you guys too btw cuz like come on how aren't you trying to comfort me rn
They (the so called prophets of God) made My people go astray, saying, Peace! (Blessings and Favor) and there was no peace.
Wide awake and texting Jacob. \nI've lost all control of my life
Still waiting for my idol to notice me:(
I think that's gunna be go back 2 bed
Its a good day when a dude just comes up and gives you some fire tree for free
cracks me up when people snore on public transportation.
Y'all need to pull this 4th quarter together Heat. till I'm 6feet
Doing the right thing feels a lot like peeing yourself in the dark. Feels warm, but nobody notices.
Way to go to for goal
If you have a problem with ..... We're not friends and we never will be.
HOL UP HOL UPPP you drive me crazy number one bitch you can replace it
First day wearing my without Google Glass. So convenient!
Lmaooo he called us \"some old ass bitches\"
HEY YOU GUYS I'M ALREADY SWEATING AND HYPERVENTILATING OVER HERE 10 HOURS BEFORE KICKOFF IS THAT A GOOD SIGN (PLEASE SAY YES)
When it comes to Mother's Day and Father's Day, that is when people become heartless and douches...
Who's Taking One For The Team Nd Copping Bud Before 11
Commisary got Takis for 94 cent man
Make me remember you like you remember me
Happy birthday tupac shakur
But at the end of the day, I still love so fuckin hard with all of my heart like I've never gone through the most fucked up situations
This chat thing on snapchat is so weird
You hanging w\/the same bitchs you was just dissing, stilllll, none of my bitniz.
You're as fake as your nails.
the worst feeling in the world is reading something that makes your heart drop to your stomach
but he never could get drunk enough to her of his mind
on unstream with
Pop me with a fork.
Literally hate summer cuz of this reason
it's like history just keeps repeating itself Smfh
She ain't perfect, but she's worth it
If is mean to me I'm gonna send him the pic again.
I wish max was a puppy again he's such a big chooch now
if u copy me I hate u
I really dislike doing my hair in the summer..
\": I seriously blame my parents for all my anger issues.\"Rft!
APPETITES:\nHe that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver; nor he that loveth abundance with increase: (Ecclesiastes 5:10 KJV)
So rest your weary heart and relax your mind.
If you can eat every day, you can work out every day
These badass kids funny as hell
I'm laying on my floor thinking about how much I wanna go watch my recorded shows but too much effort to get up and I'm stressing myself out
Honestly Idc how hard or how many days I work as long as my money is right
Golf Nerds... \n\nNOT COOL.. \n\nNOT EVEN CLOSE.. \n\nIt's gonna take a while... \nToo long for most. \n\nGO PLAY.. \n\n&amp; STAY AWAY
Yo le tengo esa mata perfecta !
Absolutely! \": We're looking forward to seeing the Bronx grow with The Mall. Are you? \"
Now they need to score many more. Games not over..
Going home from work at 10pm, I dare you to find me anyone cooler and with more of a life \\O\/
god bless having an older sister to buy you lunch
For every second Tigers Jaw doesn't play, Crystelles soul will be consumed by the devil
Maybe I crossed the line.....but it will be soooo worth it
To be honest, my amount of pleased to be in the current situation and state my life is in is like a 2.3 out of 7
at moes by myself and then I'm pretty sure I'll end up at the bar across the street for a margarita also by myself
.I'm from buffalo. Hockey &gt; any other sports
I would be that one idiot
I wear a regular bra maybe once a week. Living in sports bras is just so much easier
I could go for a milkshake rn
she wasnt even abducted she just stole a car and was outtie AHAHHA
\": Sky is a sketch ball \"what does this mean bc she won't tell me
It's highly rude of you to tweet but can't finish a conversation.
I just went to the best block party in the mission
I know its summer bc i thought today was Wednesday
I miss you.
Tossin &amp; turnin cause of how you made me feel
Dal Colle! Welcome to the See you in 2019!
there is comfort at the bottom of a swimming pool
First: I missed prom because I was driving everywhere and kept forgetting my stuff to get ready
My dad's more into this episode of the bachelorette than I am....
Designer clothes , cars &amp; money are all females nowadays Interested in
I'm litt you litt if you know why ;)
We live in a society in which we let things define us. Ridiculous things. Monetary &amp; physical. Just remember, it's not all about that.
I needa cut my nails they're getting outta control
\"It was insane...for the normal world. But, who wants to live there?\"
The most annoying this is when I have to watch Netflix on my phone and then everyone decides to text me
Good turn out at this fire. Everyone from Alton's is here lmao
My live feed is screwing up badly. UGH
Dilemma by nelly and kelly Rowland will forever be a banger
No such thing as a 24 hr weed man
Watch me watch me do my step
If 's Whitney Houston cover doesn't make you break down in tears, you're a sociopath and we can't be friends
257 you have great taste in music you should mix for movies
Why are they in Mexico lol
Dipshit lol I used to say that all the time what's that mean?
I'd rather get hurt than act like I don't give a fuck about anything. That little act is so transparent.
I love being in nothing but a big shirt and underwear.
Two hour power nap then off to the airport!
You a faggot if you looking at my fucking clothes
\": I can't deal with no damn emotional female that you can't joke around with\" vice versa
Weneva he say he gon talk 2 me ina few dat like 3 hours in his world smh
This past week has been extravagant. Now it's time to get back on our frugal Jew shit.
I usually get the short end of the stick
Bae is gonna follow tonight, I can feel it
Niggah s be focusing on these summer hoes instead of a real bitch
Palm trees. Yup I'm back in Cali.
Dempsey just pulled a
\"I'll give you one more chance, say \/ we can change, or part ways. \/ And you take what you need. \/ And you don't need me.\"
MY BOOTS GERI YOUR WEARING MY BOOTS
Boy do I really want a go pro
Just saw a iPhone password. She made a plus. 2 8 4 6
Only rock wit nigggas I ca vibe wit
Go ahead slap my mom slap the fuck outa' ha she can't sue ya she wouldn't get a buck out ya
Team is getting beat up!
And I wrote this on an airplane, where the people looked like ants.
Thank you babe ,for always be there for me and hearing me bitch about the assholes in highland . Well it's finally over,love u!
There's always the sneak bitch that never gets fucked
What an amazing save OMG
just took a piss next to Wesley Snipes js
Ima be the reason you smile
Okay wait that movie looks kinda cool
But tbh, thats not the part that really get me. What get me is most of yall kno yo nigga fuckin on the low but stay wit him
U rite RT\": Black people ganna go wild for this or some shit\"
when bae texts you right after you fall asleep &gt; &gt; &gt;
I thought his name was tony. what?
Once again the far official calls a clear pass interference penalty.
\": He could calm a storm and heal the blind. And I bet He'd understand a heart like mine\"
Before brooklynn sleeps she will know we love her every night, sleeping without that feeling is the worst in the world..
First weddings, now . . . Nice work
\": Bae isn't bae if they reply\nslow to your messages.\" !
Niggas don't be caring but once I start being a bitch it's the end of the world . . Lol
so fucking done with you
Trying to get out if Mapleton when you don't live there is like navigating through a maze
it was 11 like 3 minutes ago what
Why did we stop talking ?
If you have so much baggage and trust issues, how are you ever going to have a good relationship?
It's so humid in New York that our IKEA table's surface layers are peeling off after less than 2 years.
Messi is sooo darn fast!!
Spendin my day missin 's face
someone needs to create Chapstick that doesn't melt in your car
Walking through LIC and still hearing yells of approval wearing a Rangers shirt. WE MOVE ON BUT WE NEVER FORGET DAMMIT
I can't believe I'm a senior.
If you wanted to be with someone how you say you do, it's not hard to do what you have to do. But ya niggas make it seem impossible.
How in the hell did I hurt him . Smh
Still no chill because I have to go and stay for 3 or more hours just for my report card
On my way down the shore stuck in shitty ass traffic asking myself what would do?
Im Internet harassing someone and I cry every time, it's so funny.
OH: \"I was pretty much at the top of my TF2 game at that point, so I was pretty on point.\"
These penally kicks are stressin me out.
Jermaine mother fucking Jones!
Twitter: where you're supposed to take every single tweet someone posts, seriously.
I'm for sure putting sunscreen on today
Cookie butter got me feeling some type of way
Falling In love is the fun part.\nBeing in love is hell.
I just watched The Purge w Jaime and we're literally furious
For the last day of school I wanna take a lot of pictures with my friends
Being a parent is more than having your baby's name tattooed on your body
Roses are red, my name is not Dave. This poem doesn't make sense Microwave.
The corniest chicks will get 100 likes
I really need to catch up with using Siri on my iPhone more often. It would make my life easier
I've been going through sone shit. You don't know what I've been thinking.
Where is everybody '_'
Yo y chipotle. Chipotle y yo.
The United States of America
Shawn Mendes is amazing. I love him so much. I can't believe he's only 15 with a number 1 single. Can't wait to see him on tour with Austin
I feel like I shouldn't have said the things I said
If Michael Scott was my boss I would have been fired and arrested for assault in the first season
Oh shit hope Asche didn't get hurt, he just started hitting
GoT\/24 SPOILER ALERT: Michelle Fairley has now watched her first born son die moments before being killed herself on 2 different shows.
Noo moth no, get out of my room
I hate that I'm moving from the ocean\/redwoods to pure desert.
I wonder what percentage of high school students smoke weed, it has to be at least 30%
My birthday is next month (:
the dow is at a record, unemployment is the lowest in 10 yrs, just think where we would have been if the prez had some help! # HOUSE GOP
Omg air conditioning feels amazing
If you let them fuck you, there will be no fore-play rest assured, they'll screw you complete til your ass is blue and gray.
Ion but I think the spurs taking this W tonight
Trying to stay sane is like a full time hobbie
If you're not watching rn, you're doing your life wrong.
Rinaldo is shooting blanks. Go
You can't do everything by yourself.
It's really sad how only 300 out of the 800 of us are actually graduating
Cant stop thinking about my dream. I was on the set of tw,not as an extra but as a main character??? Idk was in it to lol
Dro about to become my manger for ball
OMG Go USA !!! Yes we can!
mixed babies are the cutest babies.
Grandma always giving me cash on the down low
single and not being able to do shit
THIS IS REALLY FUCKING PISSING ME OFF.
Lmaooooo iPhones ain't loyal bruh... Tracking ur every move
\"Im a very bad man, im captain hook got that dapper look im bangin bridget after brooke\" -Gerald Earl Gillum
If a 6'5\" 260 solid Russian came and told me ima kill you I'd be scared too.
O Captain my captain!
I forgot it was deebo bday today too . what y'all got on his 40 ?
\": Imma do exactly what i said i would\nbet dat\" yuhh
To be honest, I really don't care I lose friends, make friends and make enemies everyday. Regardless, I'm still going to be me....
Dah black bowy deh nuh good enuh
Happpppy birthday hope you enjoy your day!!!!
I'm scared to sleep I think there's a ghost
Ghana is trying to take us out
Who wants to party at my Rutgers house tonight?!
Who fucking with me I mean besides ya bitch?
I don't want to go to work tomorrow, I just want to go home and be with my loved ones tbh
Anyone wanna go see a movie tomorrow night :33
really don't wanna babysit tonight and tomorrow morning
Jones!! What a strike! Like it was riding a bald eagle into the side netting
Some \"last time on ___\" editors are better than others
portuguese people are so pushy :\/
Hope LeBron stays in Miami but my prediction is NYC. I have nothing to back this up other than gut feeling.
Literally every guy is just shot or straight up weird
Loving my body cream! It smells so fresh and really makes my skin soft post shower!
my god messi
HOE SHUT THE FUCK UP I GOT WAY TO MUCH ON MY MENTAL
Congrats to customer JJ Hill on his Late Model tonight \n
Lol pharrell not with the shits
Can't sleep because all I can think about is tomorrow's game.
If bugs could talk I feel like they would swear a lot
DI MARIA too.
Jason Kidd is probably the biggest dick on the planet right now. Unretire that jersey now!
AHHHHHHHHHHH BODY TO BODY!!!!
so nobody wants to see transformers, ok.
Battle at north is unreal...... South where the fuq is our spirit
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever get out of the single life....
That's a red flag!!! Ghana, your playing dirty!!! World Cup!!
Make me wanna stay up so I don't miss em lol
To nap before the sunrise or to just stay up hmmmmmm
Youre a bitch if you gotta bring in the cops to solve a problem on social media, just remove yourself from social media its easy.
Can't wait until this game tomorrow though.
On that gonna sleep good but not feeling great
I would love to answer a question
Niggas will tell you that's they cousin most likely they fuckin ..
Pogba so unique not crossing his arms lol
Lol this dude just pop
Going to use hardcore starting in July but I'm scared. Its going to judge my juice\/smoothie budget harshly
\"The Giants, whatever they do now, it's the wrong thing.\" -broadcaster Jon Miller, summing up a terrible 9th against the Reds
Fridays game got me stressed out Colombia gotta do what Mexico couldn't letss goo Colombia Quarter Finals !
I think I just saw in iCarly. What is happeneing
Yo the Greece coach needs to leave Brasil.
shared our light with you \neven in the darkest of hours\n\nin hopes that one day, just maybe, \none day the world'll be ours
Someone go to mccune to play baseball with me &amp; halz
Motherfuckers ain't never satisfied with talking to one person.
I remember it. I'm not gonna do it.
I'm looking to get hungover &amp; stay hungover this weekend!!! Who's got the liquor??!!!!!
I think a lightning bolt just hit my house
As soon as Mark Schmidt walked in Dr. Paula screamed \"MARK SCHMIDT\"
My mouth is on fire from these god damn chips
If I open your snapchat and don't respond, it's because I legit look like shit and cannot take a good picture. Don't be offended.
Been up since 4:30 a.m. I'm just waiting for my dad to get out the hospital again..
The Jews took the money and hid it somewhere
caminah hand holding is very important but camren glances are even more important
Bird shit on my car that's that shit I don't like...
If you bother me this weekend I'll throw a fit
And we don't leave soldiers behind same should go for citizens and journalist
Like ok having a crush on a man is great but we all need to embrace what makes us human love ourselves before anyone else and love fiercely
Completely forgot I didnt have pants on and just casually walked out to my car and back
Bey &amp; Jay performing at The ? My body is ready for the slayage. warm up.
After she shared\nher sordid twisted tale\nof how she killed\nher two husbands\nI freed myself\nfrom the web\nof my black widow love\n
That poor girl
i'm trying so hard to hit those high notes in money power glory and it's just not happening
Some girls really be doing the most to show off their ass or boobs
Ronaldo is 5-5 for being a CUNT.
.Todavia me acuerdo mi total sorpresa cuando me dijeron que no era constitucional \"identificarte\" (?)
shitsticles i forgot to delete that post.. oh well
Got to notice I was never problematic just the \" friends\" I associated with back then .
There better be a dunkin donuts in the Detroit airport
You booboo You T'd , turnt out , you thirsty
I always insist on watching HGTV before bed
I can't wait to get married
Just fuckin tell me like fr wtf
ALWAYS ONE TABLE THAT FEELS THE NEED TO STAY FOR 6 HOURS.
Waiting in the dark for someone to come save me. ~
Can it be tomorrow already ?
Hate waking up like now cuz then the rest of your day is ruined since there's not enough hours to accomplish wat you wanted to
Having Tim here during this grad party has kept my same
did Alex's dishes and picking out her outfit. best friend of the year
Hell yes!!! Way to set the tone boys!
I need to go to school now but I'm really comfy.
Give me wings, give me sweet little wings. \/Stevie Nicks voice\/ buffalooooo
That awkward moment when the guy who was staring at me on the train ...was a girl ohokay
It's Monday morning and I would kill for a chance to drive, get so far away from here with you my dear
\"Why are you buying an Audi, just buy a VW\" Why did you buy an Acura, not a Honda, dad?
Ya3ne 3anjad Allah yse3edne bokra b ramadan, kef feye oftar at 9 pm
huhu sa UP lang may STS so pls
Portugal go home
What if she ain got both ? \": If she aine got no ass she got some titties\"
sike nah, he a bitch lol
Would you do this? Staal, Miller, Fast for Thornton with SJ retaining 25% of his salary or in that area (5M cap hit)
icing will be my bff this week
FINAL \nCosta Rica 5 Grecia 3
Last night we caught frogs and now we are racing them HAHA
Yess RT \": Honestly if we snapchat, I'm expecting selfies and what not. Not random things and shit in the backround.\"
When you can't hear God's voice, trust His plan.
Hey I'm pretty sure there's rules against keeping people on a plane for over 4 hours without taking off.... Maybe you don't care???
I want everything to go away
i really dislike this bitch right now man attitude on a 100
Whenever I ft sumi and talk to my grandma in punjabi or Hindi all I hear is sumi in the back going Aba LABA loo lee Shaba laba
Pain is temporary but it will subside
Gotta have respect for honesty and bluntness
BREAKING: Nets &amp; Bucks reach deal to send coach Jason Kidd to Milwaukee for pair of 2nd-round picks. (via , )
It's Sunday already? This week went by quick
I spent a good 2 minutes trying to suck conditioner back into it's bottle bc I thought it was shampoo and squeezed a shit ton into my palm
.wish the project was open source now. I know some people at who want to fork &amp; contribute
Drink my 40 oz of freedom while I roll a blunt cause the kids just ain't alright
I wish once you sent a text you could take it back
If u not a close friend i dont invite u into my home or pass my living room facts
I hate Penalty Shootouts with a burning passion
I don't try for follows cause I know it won't happen so I just be supportive
Was going wide without the deflection ?
Gotta appreciate dollar dog night... Dogs on Dogs
Basically called them bitches
Downloading the Papa John's app on my phone was probably the greatest decision of my life.
Heard a great quote today from my worker: \"Life can only be understood backwards, but we have to live it forwards.\"
We almost knew what love was
If you don't know where it is, hmu
quero pular essa parte da minha vida onde ta tudo mais ou menos
I find it crazy how nature can kill humans
a conversation without emojis, is a conversation wasted
If i could up and leave the country I would right now
Thank God for my sisters netflix account
Can we go to Vegas already?!
I need a new hair style, changing it up
And of course my boo nicki
A beaut, thanks jones. team USA!!
how do i lose weight within 2 months
Woke up on top of a mountain...
Told my dad tone-dawg has been calling him out
Fuck a shower beer. I'm having a shower 40. It's been a long day. Judge me.
I luv you
\"Gentlemen, which brings me to my next point. Don't. Smoke. Crack.\"
Arab Likudnik Fouad Ajami died today.
You know when you actually trust someone but they think you don't lmao. wtf since when is doing cute shit so bad
goddam my cooking makes chef griff look like regular griff
Happy 99th birthday nanny!!!! Cheers to you
\"I don't consider it stalking, rather having romantic walks with only one knowing.\"
Portugal better win. Sorry usa
Oh yess beach tomorrow with the fam and twitterless ramos brothers
Bow Wow should have been trying to Pharrell for a hit
well ive been to the city but only that time square shit
Think i might go to bed a little early tonight
Is it the 4th of July today?
You better foh \": I forgive you lol\"
So it would appear, at least to me, that Twitter got real slow there in the US just now.
Cause where I'm from..we live by the love die by the love
Let him say \"hello\" with that face one more fffffffflipping time &amp; I kid you not heads will roll.
Gotta find me a nice fit girl for that summa time lovin
That should count as a double from !!!! Ole' Ole' Ole' Ole' Oleeee'
Exciting news for professionals and consumers coming out at Redken SDS.
NASA finally gets the old man to see Mirage Island
Yo veo un Vs la final de la Copa Mundial en
These thotties are outta control
My tl is already full of Colombians
(14) Jo-Wilfried Tsonga def. Jurgen Melzer 6-1, 3-6, 3-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
I literally don't even deserve any of this
not sure how to feel about an LFA movie sigh
Bryce Harper. Yasiel Puig punks. Mike trout. Old school class
So funny as to how far some people will go just to show their appreciation and thanks to those who don't even give a shit.
Don't be picky if you don't have your shit together hahaha ta'e
Eff you Avril bring out
FUCK YEA USA!!!!! Were movin on!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOO!!!! Suck it Portugal!
Gonna take a nap cos I can't fucking stand anybody. Bye
Love was clearly invented by a woman. It's crazy, overwhelming, complicated but yet somehow you still want it.
I miss first semester of freshman year, even with the little shit that you have to deal with, it was an easy and fun semester
As a heat fam this is extremely disappointing. The whole team giving up in a close out game, terrible.
Glad Scott actually knows how to fight now
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA Dique \"Tuh real mamadora\" Hahahahah
If you talk shit about my cousin I will personally slit your throat with my nails.
Like maybe 3 gallons a week.
crazy to think after 6 years my baby brother is getting his black belt
nie wiem co robic
at least Preston and Steve are on for the commute
HA Ronaldo is terrible
Jk literally just messaged me when I tweeted that Tf
Dont fuck it up for us Wilson. Lol
My eyes are about to burn off GREAT
Someone get me in n out
My mom's last week of work is this week... Soo how does a family of 4 survive on her last paycheck for the summer... We shall soon find out
You gotta stop gendering things
I know its not smart to buy a brand new car at 22 but i have a bad feeling mines going to shit the bed really soon
Seriously true blood???? How do you kill off Tara in the first 5 minutes of the season?!
Nvm Ginobli is a baller after that dunk
Not too sure why people refer to lebron as the king.
Soccer has some good actors
Mi ma me dice que la humildad nunca se me borra # I love you mom
Ohhhh the ache
My iPhone be like I GO FROM 100 TO 0 REAL QUICK REAL QUICK
Getting Moes because hates Chipotle.
So Bosnia and Argentina would have tied if it wasn't for an own goal. Hmm...
Geeez hedgehogs are so high maintenance
I think I pulled my elbow tendon during my sesh this morn, hurts
Ran into Kenny Russell at the bar haha
Me today: \"how do you say no in another language?\" :silence from kids: \"Tim Lincecum\" they didn't get it
I fucking hate flaking ass people
Shouts out to my cab from last nite tho
I just need to take a deep breathe and relax it's pointless arguing with my parents honestly
Work is so fucking slow this is ridiculous
And i dont know why you dont take me downtown like you got anywhere better to be
USA is 0-14-1 when behind in a World Cup game and have only beaten 2 European teams ever
The sound of this rain is depressing yet soothing
Girl don't hide that pussy, you should be the type to provide that pussy..
AND ON TOP OF THAT I AM STARVING
I h8 getting a 5 dollar ft long sub from subway and it comes out to like 9$..
life would be an awful, ugly place if you didn't have a best friend
Derek Norris just got nailed in head again with a follow through. Glad he's ok but he needs to back off the plate a few inches
Ughhh last morning jog. I'll stick to working out on my room floor.
Haven't been tweeting I bearly realize that
Well since my cat peed all over my road \/ shoes, I guess I need a new pair. Suggestions??
I literally had the best time ever!!!! We should sooo do it again!!!
I just found a tick on my wall. I'm done. I'm so done. Moving to Canada bbn.
soccer. america. more soccer! more america!
Kourtney is my favorite kardashian
Have you ever wondered what others think of you? I know I have. I should t care what they think but I always do.
It honestly takes effort to hate someone, so if you're a person who holds grudges over petty shit then yeah I look down on you
I ended up being Persian and dating a black guy. And by the grace of God not biologically related to the scumbag in the first place.
Wow someone is totes lighting up in Central Park right now
Deeply disturbed by the murderous attacks on women in . Justice must be served to those responsible.
76k on break with 26 left. 3rd in chips. 18 paid $2,400 up top
Ayo , He's Really Shot Out smh.
We are people of love. We all have the heart of Jesus. We are all images of him. We must love always.
Oomf got the cakes tho hmmmm !
Algebra : Find x.\nMe: Nope, First of all, Find \"Why\"?\n
\"My deodorant fell apart I haven't worn deodorant in 5 weeks\"
Deadass might only text one person all tomorrow
I don't like saying this but I miss my guapo, best friend. Fuck you Florida!!!
I like too many bands and youtubers it ain't even funny
Que miedo da la de detras de la Pesteban
Just saw everyone and their mothers at the bank (I wasn't wearing shoes)
looking for alaska is one of my all time favorite books if it gets ruined by shitty fangirls i will flip
Really starting to realize that I need to think about my future and my own happiness.
I was really looking forward to getting out of San Jose for a little while....
fuck you but I'd still fuck youuu
That was one of the best goals I've seen
And rachies mom is filling my tank.. Drunk with a full tank. Word
\"Italian restaurant no espresso machine .. Bunch of fuckin lowlives \"
VS . Let's go Chile a ganar!
Put on my polarized sunglass clip-ons (magnets) and suddenly I can see a ton better. Need to remember to wear these more often.
Where have my favorite Gym buddies gone? It feels like we haven't seen each other in ages!
congrats on your insta fame \nknew you'd make it someday
My fake annie lost her mind outchea talmbout \"we don't want anything salty\". Felicia speak for yourself.
Can anyone drive me home from ramtown tonight ?
Everyday I am continuously baffled by the fact and amount of people that proudly display the confederate flag
STOP BLAMING PERFORMERS FOR BAD THINGS THAT HAPPEN AT A SHOW YALL ARE SO DUMB OMG
IM CRYONG SO BADLY I CANT EVEN IM SO PROUD
Is the ab soul project out yet?!??
Awww :D Mi Mario Ta buenicimo Ok? Ok
I meant undercover patriots fan. Nevertheless, motherfuckers gotta chill.
Jajajajajaj el gama imponiendo respeto, quien lo vee
I wish I had no pimples.
Looking at the clock melt in front of my eyes
Feel like unfollowing oomf from everywhere &amp; deleting his number lmao
Im talking to my grandma and shes telling me how she just recently realized that a plane is a machine lol
Derek laid down the TRUTH. That's what you have to do in love, no matter how hard.
Phahahahha Chris Rock is a fool for this one
LEBRONS CRYING HAHAHAHAHA
Wow there are 6 ballroom dancers in the this yr. represent! Ballroom was strong at auditions this yr.
Hahah oh my gosh you're fucking pyscho ! Happy I am out of that situation
He was off by inches
Wow I really need to take a break
I CAMT BREATHE WHAT IS THIS OOVOO CALL
Being able to drink at a comedy club and then come home to my nice warm bed is the best thing on earth
How did the spurs ever lose to the heat last year
It's Beach weather over hear nigaa
today I saw the most attractive person to grave this earth with his presence and I am so happy thanks Jesus
Cant wait to buy a car.
Eating a bagel at 3 in the morning.. Yolo
My baby birthday coming up . Imma get him something real nice .
Soggy day in the Pines. Well the recovery time is welcome, I will concede that.
I had Cantaloupe ice cream from Mitchell's. Divine!!
What's a good movie on Netflix?
Every dude you've been with has loved before. Accept that. If he's with you now, the past is irrelevant.
It's crazy how drum corps closes you off from the world. I don't know any new music, movies, or what's going on with the news.
Kawhi is matching LeBron play for play, shot for shot, and that's scary.
Tequila shot this early can only mean I'm at a wedding
in so much pain I feel like I'm going to throw up. The last thing I need is another trip to the ER
What was England's greatest gift to the world? America.
King of Bachata Welcomes John Jay !!
I refuse to deal with my issues...
Happy 4th! Off to the lake with the family!
JAJAJAJAJJAJAJJAJJA Como el va hacer eso
can I get a fucking pedicure in peace
If your not watching USA vs Portugal tonight then you're not an American! Go go USA! I believe that we will win!
dang when was the last time it rained like this
Too early to learn about vaginas &amp; g spots &amp; sex
I just needa find a dope chick who looks like Kelly Kapowski and doesn't use social media.
I want food but I don't want to make food.
Shame for italian racists. I'm proud to be italian like you. There is only one race: The human race.
Amanda has a trainer named melissa from YouTube to tone her ass
Who can I ask?\nHookahn i ask?
It was fucking hilarious shut up \": Lena finds the stupidest stuff funny\"
THE gave me a ! Thanks buddy!! Reporting from the 280 closure..no traffic
USA!!!!! Drunk off one Miller High Life. .
now my phone has bite marks on it
I think I'm the only one not at ZBB
HEATHER GIFTED ME LIFE OF THE PARTY GOD BLESS
A la larga te vas a quedar sola, te lo aseguro.
srsly singing sc stories make me happy lol :')
Remember this name for me.\n\nSasha Loren.
Jack Schroder on HIPAA: victims of medical identity theft up 20%. If breach publicized, 57% of patients want to switch. Scary.
Niggas eyebrows be better than mine. Tf?
So wait, like, did The Spurs win? \n\nSorry, I was too busy with Game of Thrones. \n\n\n
I CAN BARELY SEE, MY EYES ARE SO WATERY.
Messi with a classic goal!!! 2-0
17, 18, 19 routine and here at 23 it's the same old me and- wait. I'm 24. Oh life.
What to do what to do...
Que ustedes me dicen que PERDI EL CABRON VUELO pq estoy casi borrachita y no me di cuenta JAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJ
As much as I bump head w my she's probably one of the loyalist person I know
That foo got bitched !!
Boredest kid alive just need to go back to cortland already
give head and doze off, this bed is so soft, this dick is so hard
Suga Suga how you get so fly
Ring ring ring hi babe I miss you... Nigga your interrupting me I'm in the middle of writing a post BYE.... Oh okay miss you too
Wish my phone could get group messages so I can talk to my boys from Cabrini
Woohoo! Also FREE PBR in this bar!\nSCORE AGAIN FOR MORE FREEDOM BEER!
If your a rangers fan, it automatically makes you 1000 times hotter
I can tell imma be singing this song randomly tomorrow
I wannnnnnnaaaaa hear that bass drop wub wub wub wub wub wub
*to text boy from last night or nah*
I'm going to pretend that the reason the Devils have the 30th pick tonight is because they won the cup
love spending my Friday nights driving my hammered parents home from the yacht club :-)
The ones that try &amp; be funny on vine usually fail
I need a cuddle buddy on this lonely night.
Lost a part of my tooth to the streets of San Francisco today. Sober.
Now its taking me forever to draw one thing. Only cause I want it perfect.
I thank Jesus that most guys like ass\/boobs
i have no time to stress, i just need to worry about being happy..
Said you'd come right back, now you're gone like that
I didn't know he sang that song
My mom need to come on so I can eat
See ya NYC. Washington D.C. Next
I didn't want it. But I needed it.
Nunca es tarde para volver a comenzar.
My would be an engineer for a vehicle\/motorcycle company. Designing &amp; getting my hands is my absolute favorite thing to do.
So glad I got the invite
I hope and pray that one day I make it big and live in the city....that's all I can ever ask for
Weekends next month will consist of making my rounds to a variety of towns in WNY attending Grad Parties
I just zoned and missed a whole conversation
Cause you ain't gon tie me down
Watching The Starving Games bc I can relate
The forecast for the Hamden fireworks tonight looks perfect. Cooling off slowly,in the 70s with a light northerly breeze!
If you ever want to meet me, Go to a concert in NYC or Long Island. I'll be in the crowd singing and moshing.
Tomorrow shooting with the one and only BetaBrand let's goo
Meanwhile, at Michael's, with 6 wicker basket kits there's a free abortion!
Zendaya look like she could dunk on me
I wish we could take off and go anywhere but here baby you know the deal
No point in hating someone to begin with, let alone someone who has done absolutely nothing to you
The Gone Home boxed special edition is the thing i need to be happy in life.
It's bitchy but whateva, favorite friend motto ?
Niggas talk more then bitches these days
Mmm that is gonna suck
I have 4 party hats at my house, &amp; they're all the coolest hats ever
Being woken up by stomach pains &lt;&lt;&lt;
Ew 15 year old me. Always getting butthurt about everything.
Follow me on IG : bgforpresident
Wasn't that an offsite??
Lately whenever I go to say \"piece of pizza\" it just comes out as \"pizza pizza\"
Wierd how the beach sky has no stars -_-
annas staring at him and he looked at her oh my god
Working out to those ratchet twerk songs are the best
\": I've had it for a couple of weeks now.\" Yuck. Did u go to the casting saturday??
Why isn't there an Indian restaurant near by..?
Oh my god she flew right over me
What to eat, what to eat?
I lose so much phone battery strictly from the continuous checking of weather changes
Shopping at a Sex-O-Rama near 18th &amp; Castro. It was like Good Clerk\/Bad Clerk. Bad Old Snob needs 2 get fucked, or hates Fat fags.
Wow this episode is about someone pretending to be the IRS and scamming people out of their money
I don't know if I want to watch the last two episodes of oitnb or to save it for tomorrow
Estar a tu lado y siempre amarte.
I'm actually kinda glad I don't have friends to hang out with cuz that would require me doing my hair
Anyone who thought the Heat could run with Jordan's Bulls, go sit quietly in a corner somewhere.
..Some weird shit is going on in panera rn..
Why is it so hard for you to notice me!
Don't have a Yale sticker on your car if you're gonna drive like a fucking idiot
Headed home on this Sunday night
Dimitrov is going down...idemooooo Nole!!!!
Almost got in a crash cause carol was licking chocolate off her fingers
Sometimes you gotta block that number to get you mind right
It's sunny with a slight breeze in Colma. Wow
Guys seriously there is irish step dancing in wrestling now why aren't you watching it
Busta rhymes look like the clown form Twitted Metal
Chris Brown reminds me of last yearrrrr
A house without Internet is not a home.
Not a public cryer, I try so hard to remain my cool
I love it when people are so passionate about something
Side boob is sooooo attractive like wutttt
bae just needed to see me before the game that's why his shots aren't on point rn...
Some of those pick up lines were pretty good Kayla
Great Gatsby was great. A female can make you strive for excellence but be your ultimate downfall at the same time. Crazy
The fact that I always confuse Boho Chic and Hobo Chic
I accidentally soccer mommed my friend.
I ask my friends if they wanna go to a concert &amp; the conversation turns into males giving birth
Does anyone want a scream jam ticket for 20$?
Excuse me while I lose my wits.
Someone talk to me,going to be up for a while
Let me call my main chick
Asik and Davis will be a tough front court come next season
How fast can I get drunk
Lebron's off the court issues is nonexistent but he's still hated on. Society is been fucked up.
Wayne got like 1000 kids and only said he loves his one daughter Reginae? That's messed up
There it is
My last 4 meals have been: Thai, speciality donuts, Chinese and Sushi.
I'm like drunk, but the only difference is I'm gonna remember all of the shit I do in the morning.
\": I would love to get to know you better\"
Now all I need is a 65 tomorrow
\": Cuando un suspiro te abandona es porque el amor lo ha llamado.\"
why does my family feel the need to come in to my room and have like a family meeting this early like im just wakin up
fell into an etsy blackhole
Kinda crazy how where you live the next ten years will basically determine the rest of your life.
The day i can call you only mine will be the best day of my life
It only took 3.5 hours to get home from the airport
Woke up with the feeling there was a in the house. author John Green was on last night.
Nothing worse than group texts that arent supposed stay active and people just keep writing in them
I hate when my phone dies when I'm without a charger
Best nap ever. Fuck I'm old. Lol
Can this lab report write itself please tysm
you actually waited exactly 10 minutes aw
Yoo Te Amooo .
I am all for ranting on twitter but keep your rant to at least three or four tweets anymore then that is just unnecessary
Actually cringed when I sent my boss an email about time off..
You have an opportunity so be with someone great and amazing, so why don't you take it?
Y'all know the rules, gotta do what you gotta do
Wow messi is a beast
\"When Beyonce want you, and these girls can't do nothing for you\" -
Hate that I can't have you here all the time
I was sweeping dust off of my laptop and the mouse pad swept my screen to another page.
That Kobe dunk!!!
Fr fr this is a lot of fucking homework. My teacher is crazy.
I love you like I love my dick size
About to have the best seafood uptown,
New HT, Sigue el Coro :3
I don't understand following people you don't like other than to talk shit. Like if I don't like someone I have no need to see their stuff
If someone is looking for housing next year let me know. Got a four bedroom house and we are looking for a fourth housemate.
\": The have made up 9.5 games in 21 days, now sit in a tie for first place in the National League West. \"
You guys stay THINKING it's a vacation. I'm on a one-man mission to put the Berlin Wall BACK UP.
DONT YOU JUST HATE IT WHEN A FAMILY MEMBER STALKS YOUR FACEBOOK PROFILE AND TELLS YOUR WHOLE FAMILY WHAT YOU POST AND SHIT? YEAH ME TOO
Netherlands are getting so many corners! It's just a matter of time before they score
pLEASE follow my friend Ilyyyy &lt;3 dshj,
A German cracker!!!! GOLAZO!!!!
New Avi check it out Cute or nah?
Nobody come to a target nothing is working haha birches are getting pissed
Hola Denifer vv,chao.
Loud in my systemm they took my bro LA man I cant even picture
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips,be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.-St Francis of Assisi
I'm feeling reckless enough to fight a red Sox fan at this game tn
Pay $200 for what a month? Not doing dishes, the fuck I look like,
EMC wants to help our partners move beyond selling products to architecting and delivering complete solutions. Ask me how
Did that actually just happen?
Sings TAYLORD swifts mean \": 17. What are your honest thoughts of me?\"
That point in the night when you fall asleep in the middle of texting someone
One more day then deuces New York c'mon you could do this Kristen
If being bald works so well for my dad then according to the transitive property it'll work for me
Today at work three Irish bulls\/ yaks escaped from up the road and are on our farm. We have to catch them before they destroy everything -_-
Scared bc there's a black bear roaming my street
Before I even knew you
I break my back for these people and I'm not sure how much they appreciate my services
They tellin me to change how I'm livin but it's all I know
I wanna teach Dixie how to sit, lay down, stay, come, give me paw and gentle. Lol that's a lot to teach her bit hopefully I can do it haha
Ik u wanna be My main chick said fuck who ever u came with
Girl don't worry about me. Worry about you. Peace and blessings honey.
Feel like absolute shit and my head is gonna explode
People will do anything for some retweets and followers , smh.
KELLLYY JOHNSON IS BACK FUCKERS WOOO
I'm not hatin, I'm just tellin you !
Never knew you were a fellow Michigander. I'm from close to the bottom of the pinky finger. America's high-five fovera!
Convinced that every girl on the internet that has tattoos and has a \"not normal\" hair color wants to be a suicide girl and it's stupid
Iggy needs to get off the radio every 4 seconds.
I will not be silenced HOW DARE YOU!! (h\/t ) RT : Don't let them cut you off like that.
hit the gym with me so I know it's real
ok seriously wasn't expecting it but i luv this \"beautiful\" soundtrack
The higher regard you hold someone in, the more it hurts then they let you down...
Today in USA: national hate portugal day.
Dempsey out here thuggin. Hasn't smiled once this entire game.
Lying ass bitch
how does one achieve a shawn follow
By 5pm Sunday I will be drunk wether I'm on line waiting to Governors or actually on the island
Jarrett is free styling a song for me on Skype why is he so precious
The is awesome!!
Any opinion on Nick Ritchie
Loving the lines of the new
I need to get this ankle back into shape or I won't be playing this Saturday for my game
i think ive heard \"your the only girl \" about 10 times today .. pick a bridge &amp; jump ..
Cant wait until the draft tomorrow.. Gonna be watching from workk
Coffee and French Toast
Never hate the Westside yeah cause we get money
Lol I keep wanting to tweet things that only I and the other person should know haha
\": are usually too busy for you.\"ahahaha yes xD
I need to get more in touch with my feelings. I'm all hella bland with my emotions.
Turn da Beat Up x Big Freedia
White people should not have dreads
Who wants to come over and cook for me?!
Omggggggg fuck man altidore
\": Not like that lol\"damn con
I apologize to all my top friends on snap chat right now
Most girls wannaa hide the fact that the thrill they chasee it
Apparently the red sox are playing against geicho.
My dad? idk him, Do i respect him? No , Do i love him , No daddy's little girl stopped loving her daddy once he forgot about his little girl
I'm sorry if I bother anyone with my complaining I'm just tired but you can unfollow me and go get hit by a car after I don't really care
\": People still subtweet?\" Yeah. They're childish
STUDY THE BIBLE EVERY DAY YES, ON TOMORROW TOO.7.
Maybe that's why I don't go to sleep
Ready rice: done in 90 seconds; inedible for 20 minutes.
my face always has a bitchy expression on it and itS NOT MY FAULT
It's crazy how I had so many friends when I first started hs.
Working Friday Saturday and Sunday ehhhh
Area 25-Year-Old Just Got Called \"Kiddo\" By LIRR Conductor
Genuinely believe I may have food poisoning. Oh boy
Well looks like I'm not going to be wearing that crop top tonight seeing how I just ate a whopping sub &amp; am gonna be food pregnant all night
Someone buy me a bottle of ciroc and I'll give you the money for it please and thank you
After 6yrs of camping, we also lost our supply tent to a squirrel. A left out bag of chips\/bread and he are his way in but not out of tent.
My FLCL shirt hasn't come to me yet and this is causing me emotional damage
Clearly he doesn't like you he just wants to fuck you lololol
What just happened
Ive 2 different Health Plans.Humanna for discounted medications .my Co pay ranges frm .28 to $buck!! But not My marijuana cost!
That moment when a friend takes a picture of you &amp; asks for a redo cuz you \"look homely\"... After you felt solid on your outfit all day.
OMG seriously it's like they don't even care at all. I can wait till I'm 100 and the bus still won't come
First things first, I'm the realest
Neymar's injury will be crucial for the vs semi-final.
needs a haircut
Definitely getting a Jose Calderon jersey.. So fuckin tight
Going to the house of prime rib for the first time ever tonight. Recommendations?
convinced my family is never coming home
My office spent 1 hour talking about this Chera kids Lamborghini
\"What's best for you\" is my favorite song off
Weekly reminder that Malina has no plans tonight
Everyone needs to go See deliver us from evil. Saw It last Night and It was best movie ive seen in a while!
Wakes up and plays Apollos Entrance music from Rocky 4.
If u let her go, even if it was on a note where we can continue this later... Don't expect her to stop growing without u
That account must be a joke or something because I'm laughing waaaayyyyy too hard HAHA
Did Pikachu ever go inside the Poke ball?!? Lil stubborn muh fukka
You still love him?\n\"I cant imagine a day i wont\"
!!! team wins Founders of the Future at ! So proud of and Sarika! cc
The world is filled with some horrible things. But every now and then, you find that one person or thing that make it a better place.
Grudge Match= Rocky Balboa vs Jake LaMotta(Raging Bull)
I made cereal and I'm really happy about it.
this has been the most unproductive day I've had in a while
starting to hate the World Cup only because my dad uses it as an excuse to stay later to drink with his friends at parties, but go
Coffee is Going to be my savior this weekend I'm defiantly not getting any sleep
Lakers paying Kobe like he gonna be 20 again
Getting in the next bus see
I walked 6 miles today ok
Now that was the epitome of a savage
And I just bought 11 more bathing suits
riding home with no pants on is plain awk but its okay cause pants are irrelevant
CAN I JUST SAY THE WEATHER IS FINE. Seriously idk what weather there talking about.
So close to finishing the Divergent series makes me want to cry and scream and yeah
I'm bored where are my friends
Edwin watched my snap stories and it matters to me.
I laugh so hard when I'm mad.
Let's be cute and make out in the pool
Keep finding cigars in my car. Lol whyyyy.
HE'S BACK, THANK THE SOCCER GODS
And possibly having Fridays and Saturdays off haha fuck yes
A whole lotta Heat fans getting their Cleveland jerseys outta the boxes in the basements right about now
God don't let this drama start again omg
omg i just had a heart attack x Joseph listens to ptv &lt;3 ;-;
Just going focus on my self (:
I really do hate seeing homeless people
I am not in a good mood.
On FOIA: \"your answer to 'what do you want' is always the same: everything.\" - speaker at launch
Muero por ver las fotos de justin en tumblr
Mom do dragonflies sting? Do they blow fire out of their mouths?
Hi does anyone wanna keep a cat there are like 20 on my block that say good morning to me every day very friendly
Don't take my tweets serious it's just music lyrics
this customers getting in my head bruh
If any college or employer found my twitter, I don't think it'd be too bad. \"Man, this guy really likes to eat food.\"
I've been wayyyyy to active on Instagram all month lol
whats the youngest you would date? oldest?
That's a classic messi goal. No one will remember he played like shit
Im just having a bad day.
I need to move out of state and live near the coast where I see palm trees everyday
Thanks for all the twitta love
Also the turtleman is my fucking idol... Dude catches a coyote with his bare hand
Im about to 619 grande off the stage
This Germany vs France game shall be good
Everyone stop what your doing and follow She just Remade her twitter and Needs some followers she is Beyond Gorgeous!!!!
Im going to favorite every single USA tweet
I hate that people put their schedules in college groups. Like cool, you share a class of 500 people with 1 of 6,000 freshmen! BFFs!
...holy crap! Chills down my spine. I'll never hear Don't Fear The Reaper the same again. WHEN IS SEASON 3?!?!
How does someone like me get a follow from Nash??
\": This has become anti-climactic now. \" Do Something Darcy.... I mean Dwight Shrute.... I mean Tim Murray :)
Upholding the tradition of watching the finale with my sis
Happy birthday, ! You had me at hello. You had me at hello.
I would consider skipping my final tomorrow but I'm not trying to retake that class
After Snowden files, Guardian staff were told not to use plastic cups because they can be turned into microphones using lasers.
Should i be doing something right now?
USA goes through with a win or draw right? What happens with a loss? \n\nFor all my soccer peeps
These Spanish boys are on a come up.
Tim Howard has been a stud
You don't know how happy I was when I first seen that \"Kanye\" fight video LOL
To put it in American terms: he is and he is .
\": Maybe I should invite some people to my graduation party tomorrow...\"
What gives these negative emotions power is justification. The truth is you can only hold these feelings if you feel you can justify them.
Dempsey is bleeding god damn that ghana player better get a red
...why is my dad listening to Ridin dirty...??
Im mad as shit i cant find this vine
I was at Casey's for 5 minutes and managed to get wet dog all over me
Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes
Back on my bike grind feel amazinggg
Waiting for kool aid to get cold &lt;&lt;&lt;\nIm thirsty now
Mike and Ike's is the best candy out
Yo como que me voy a compra pal de Yaroa
Just another day in America @ Menlo Park Starbucks
\": nothing sheeesshhhhh lol I'm just asking\" mmhhmmm ok MR
Friday means so much to me :)
Woke up feeling like my sinuses got gang banged
Lot of breasts tonight at BET. can we discuss?
My legs have so many bites, but Priscilla looks like she was attacked by like a million mosquitos
Laughter has shaken up the walls n which evil doings spell will revoke a painless hearts a smile states u asked 4 this here is ur empty dish
mine would be you..
Cain got lit up and the pitcher (I won't even try to spell his name) has a perfect game going.
Wow go pick your ankles up bro
I must be a fucking idiot for sticking around this long
Shirley would be proud of my new Keychain
Trying to write my essay but the bae (netflix) keeps distracting me ugh
\": Over and over again I try to tell myself that we could never be more than friends\" that's that jam lol
overall deblasio gets a grade of A- from me
Blanca is just an average white girl with no fighting skills whatsoever. She was in Brazil doing T.F.A.
\"RT: : Why can't stiles and Lydia be together? Like seriously though\"
So I'm screaming after that goal. And all of a sudden my sister calls my name. I quickly apologize and she goes, \"it was a good goal\"
Just imagine how much better life would be with a lot of money
It's like I don't exist to some people
My job has some of the biggest thots I have ever met in my life
Tim Duncan should come out of that timeout and break dance at center court, only thing missing.
One of my biggest fears when I was younger was to be dragged from my house and put into a Van cause I'm on Room Raiders.
world fact:\n\nin belgium, people are stoned for listening to jewel
It's sweet that oliphants made it all the way from Middle Earth to Westeros.
yo si lo pongo happy
USA is wild soft sheeeesh
It's like connect the dots and bam you know and when u know u feel hella great
Like I had plans for rob stark to be the king and shit.
IM WHOOPING ASS TONIGHT FINE CHINA OR WORST BEHAVIOR SHOULD'VE WON
Holy hell, chill with the Donovan tweets
Black coffee before your run = instant diarrhea
Got nails done while watching the game: multitasker extraordinaire.
QUICKEST GOAL IN THE 2014 WORLD CUP
I need to be sleep tho
My bladder fucking HATES soccer
Ghana be like: Twanty wan
I work all week and still can't afford half of these vacations you girls who have no jobs go on.
One day someone is going to hold me so tight that all my broken piece inside me will attach whole again...
I gotta prepare my mind to work with 10-13 year old next week... That's my task for the week lol..
I don't even like soccer but fuck yeah
Tengo ganas de bailarrrrrrrrr....... Quiero fiesta...
Help need a new show to watch
Awwww Angel came to see me (:
Jesus Christ the raid finder takes forever -.-
So if Melo takes this max contract will we have any money for other players?
\": He got shot during his own mothers funeral . . .damn\"
I might have not been in the beginning of the BOYS Fandom but im here now fuck off
My friends are like extremely wack...
yo le voy a y a hasta la muerte
6. Talks about injury . You can only replace 24 hours before the teams first game
I think I might be a snackaholic
Wow, since the cup started, forgot about baseball
I'd say I have bad luck but that means I actually have some lol
Those 4 espressos and 2\nCoffees really came back to haunt me
like hey I see Z is here
its not about how hard you can hit, its about how hard you can get hit &amp; keep moving forward, how much you can take &amp; keep moving forward
I have the cutest wifey in the worldddddd
Just did the most California thing ever by running out to the car from the checkout lane to grab the reusable grocery bags.
I'm gonna be so depressed when I go to California I don't even wanna do this
Got hella options, like a college team
You're a manipulative asshole fuck off
groovy lil boy from around the way.
People on Shirley's IG need to learn how to spell. Stay in school kids.
She was running low on faith and gasoline
Well Knicks fans you guys should watch the draft tomorrow anyway something is likely to happen... hopefully
Apologies! We'll update \": Actually, this movie is on Lifetime! Can't wait for you all to see more. xo\"
I know Ray Allen changed his gum for this
THIS SPANISH BITCH GOT NO LIPS. GOODBYE
My goal in life when I was younger was to say \"my names Mercedes and your watching disney channel\" and do the little Mickey Mouse head thing
All I'm really asking for is you.
Within seconds. BOOM
Spent the first half of our morning trying to unscrew a door knob because my dad was locked in his room..
vry thankful for the amount of lip i have compared to amount of white i am
Hopefully it's nothing to serious
I'm just tryna live in the moment...its all about me
Lets go one more and we'r square
when a girl asks u a question she most likely already knows the answer to it so don't lie,
gotta be Johannssen
I loved you, past tense. I don't love you, present tense. Learn the difference
FUUUUUUUCK. They keep us in suspense for that?!?!
i always wished i would of cared more
How can't you like someone you don't even know?
Two days no sleep? No problem
You expect me to know what to say
\"Stop paddling and listen to the bees!\" (Things anyone who had seen stand by me doesn't want to hear)
Trey Gowdy, we need 100 more of you. Thank you for being standing up for America!
My dad will not be able to survive without a woman.
Idk guys it's a pretty close game. I have no idea who's gonna win
Damn jozy went down, hopefully we don't lose our momentum
\": you obviously have no chill so why should i ?\" SHOTS FIRED ! I REPEAT SHOTS FUCKEN FIRED.
Let's get it
Why does everyone die at avicii shows hahahah
AkoBogDa if I go to Bosnia this summer.. definitely going to Sarajevo!!!
Ugh dance and personal life once collide again
I hate online shopping bcs everything I want is never in my size
Hey , if ur going to b a streaky team, cn u time it so that the good streaks happen during the push 4 the Playoffs?
Mas magaling pa siyang magluto\/magbake kesa saakin ToT
Dimitrov had 8 double-faults and converted only 3 of 11 break point chances. That won't get it done against Djokovic.
Football prevailed today...above all there is football
Je sais pas quand on mange.
What part of SHOR'NT don't you understand, Kevin?
Ahhh 4-3 everybodys made em so far
saw you downtown singing the bluess
Chicago better win it next year
Traffic in LA is honestly ridiculous.
Better teams win, not the better player
I fell in love with reggie last night. Such a sweetheart
Finals are really gonna rape me
The longer youre awake, the harder you crash. Wish I could just run on no sleep all week. Ily
Nicki performing at Philly of 4th of July which is coming on vh1!!!!!
My head feels like it's stuffed with cotton balls. Death to sinus infections. !
Chat chat chat chat might as well have a new aim account b
I get pissed when you haven't texted me then I realize my text never sent.
The first verse in suicidal thoughts &gt;&gt;
iPad drives Sony Bravia 4k amazingly well.
Get well Jozy
Wtf this is not karate
I just want my suitcase. Is that too much to ask for???
Anybody wanna buy my sct to my truck? 350 obo upgrading to something different
But im a girl and prob dk what im tlkin ab
\": A minute with you is better than two without. -Hunter Hayes\"
I can't wait till 9\/23\/16 the day I turn 18!
This is your cancer survivor uncle, reminding you to check your balls once a month, and backup your laptop.
BYE Bow Wow you wear the same thing every year, you broke bitch.
Me and need sponsor for 2v2 AR\/SMG in a hour, we won several 2v2s together. You'll get 33% of prize!
In for literally one day. Down for tea? Drop me a line.
If it wasn't for these bitches, they wouldn't see me at all
Time money, you owe me if you wastin mine
idk how im awake or alive right now
Kevin called me babygirl on the phone when I called my brother earlier. And then he told me he kidnapped my brother. Kevin's awesome.
Something about how emotionless seems to be in Suits has to make him the coolest character, aside from his quotes! Badass actor
Also admire those who play the piano because it's all about (even harder) multitasking as well.
Suggestion: let's not always have Nationals in state with really shitty weather
I love lance but he has road rage and it scares the shit outa me
Everyone: \"So Erika, are you going to be a doctor like your parents?\" Me: *awkwardly laughs*
Worst part of watching old episodes of greys is knowing everyone dies
If you think for a second sexism is dead in this country, has just proved you wrong.
Money be the motto
For all of you that thought.. \"Hey picking peaches would seem kinda cool\" It is!! It's gonna be like 60 with a cool breeze. Fresh air!C'mon!
vou me riscar tudo,muda completamente,depois quero tocar daqui
I feel so bad for Isaiah Austin
I need a special delivery, ja feel?
I should've gone too barber school or some shit I'm always cutting my hair!
He is pacy so I sort of understand
\"WHY IS IT A COMMON THEME THAT EVERYONE HATES JEN AND BECCA.\"
Woooooow what a strike!
I want Christian to find this indirect ok
Hahaha I love all these Goldfinger stories, bless for reminding me of their existence
Everyone knows, I'm in over my head.
I don't wanna work I just want the money
Btw do sleeping pills really work with insomnia? .___.
I swear one day I'm just gna leave and not return for a long time when my mom starts to get on my case for stupid shit like she always does.
Lol I'm a bad person for not giving you a ride somewhere lmao walking does you good
Doubt it smh\": They gonna destroy wade in the media... Smh..\"
In this world there's no happy endings just pure beginnings.
This calm before the storm is awfully temperate. Cool breezes and mild temperatures are such a relief
It can be like that again
PJ for president
Watching rock of ages with zack
Ugh Messi. Hate him but respect him. Nice goal, still not impressed with this Argentina performance aside from that goal
Tonight was a fighting night
Met the elusive Jonathan Givony, &amp; he remains elusive. Couldn't hook me up with contact info, still awesome &amp; a great follow!
Whenever you DJ a original or remix hot girls start dancing , teach me you secrets !! ;)
Tbh that tweets 110% not about who anyone thinks it's about hahaha
Hate it when she put me in the friends zone...I wanna be in the end zone
I would love to see a well done werewolf movie. Ginger snaps is proof you can make it happen in modern times
I don't think Joel Campbell should play in Greece anymore lmfao
Who wants to meet me at six flags tomorrow
she my motivation
is sensational. Can't wait for
I Love Lucy Marathon until 5pm on !!! Ch55 in NYC! Ch10 on other cable systems.
When Monique hosted the bet awards &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Not looking forward to working 7 days straight
Why are there so many insane people in the Bay Area? This tweet is in no way targeted at any group aside from the mentally unstable.
I don't belong in country clubs, so today will be interesting. Might just stand by the bathroom with my hand out &amp; a towel &amp; see what I get
HER CHAMELEON IS NAMED PASCAL! Dats a philosopher!!! Disney meets philosophy? No better combination
methinks will outgrow the westin. perhaps allready did.
Any relief yielded by Godzilla's finale is dwarfed by the coziness + ease w\/ which displaced family members bump in2 each other in San Fran
I don't know where I would be without , and I don't want to ever find out. Thank you for the call. You're the best!
Theres icy hot on my balls, thats so fucking awesome
Triffiling ass, where the wild things are hoe
\": They gone talk about you when you ain't got shit!!!!! Still gone talk about you when you got shit!!!!\"
.So by Ur reasoning she had it coming? Riigghhhttt....
Well a new thing is fucked up with my current car. Looks like tranny problems. Great...
Dear lord Bettman, shut up so you'll stop getting booed.
Bitch if you want a fren fry eat a fren fry
I would be so happy if you called me That would be the most craziest thing that would happen to me this summer!
\"Being on the wrong side of is being on the right side of history\" goes for any of his cronies as well
And by life I mean: her chef boyfriend who has kids and married but she's being scandalous and also she is asking me if I want drugs
People have fun wild out do whatever you want but please let's think with your heads ladies and gentlemen and not with anything else;
I've made a lot of progress within the last year but there's always more room to grow and be better.
You try so hard to make yourself relevant. Das so cute.
IF KIRA AND SCOTT KISS I SELEEAR
Trying on the clothes I bought for PR.
I'm about to make some major changes to get to where I need to be. Care to join me?
I keep thinking \"American Pickers\" is a show about music, and end up being disappointed and disheartened .
Watching Finding Bigfoot, thinking this bitch is lying and I don't like it
Getting balled up by a nigga named Patty
how does someone go about selling Carol Christian Poell footwear?
This Rita's is bae right now
Watching Andy Griffith in color, not as good as the black n white episodes
Put a bitch in ya car turn on the heated seats.....you'll know if she clean or not.
.Please sign up my theater: Century Hayward, Chabot Cinelux Castro Valley
What follows after \"I am_________\" will most likely be true.
\"Who killed my future ex wife?\"
I love the World Cup but I am starting to realize that it is taking over some peoples lives
Don't judge me, I'm an artist. I think in circles
my mom asked what that \"hideous tumor\" on the back of jigen's neck was. \n\n(it's his hair)
This kid is legit pissing me the fuck off.
.The same thing happened with Fresno State baseball back in 2008. Previous school championship was women's bowling.
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
Ending this summer before it even began.
She then proceeded to say that all Leo's are self-centered,only care about themselves,and mean.I told her I was one, she kept the rant going
Proud of my boy Gabe! Started working today!
That awkward moment when nothing new gets posted on Instagram for 3 hours and you just keep refreshing hoping for anything.
Can't get over another no hitter!
\"I haven't given a hand job since nam\"
Walking outside of ashleys room and seeing that its actually light out has to be the funniest thing thats happened.
i feel like studio always playin
USA JUST SCORED!!!!!
i really am sick of him . no lie !
I swear chicago niggas turned the rap game all around
I had the hair before you
Hollywood felt a little guilty for not paying the president enough for his great acting so they give him a cheesy 400,000$ award &amp; campaign$
Zendaya went back to da O
really really excellent talk from a woman whose twitter handle I don't know about all the bullshit around mentorship
Hail to the King is such a kick ass album
Matt Cain improves to 1-6 keeps greeting bad for him
I wish it was a year ago I wish I was in MTK w my girls
Don't hurt my bestfriend yo .
oh shit.. key player right dere man
Ginobli with the poster ..on the heat players this game is over
UR TWEETS MAKE ME WANNA PUNCH A WALL
Spots are still open for this week! Book your hair appointments now!
Boutta do the commitment run tomorrow for the hell of it
to no site da victoria's secrets e eu to louca pq faltam mais ou menos 7 meses pra minha viagem p ny
Come home from work and my whole family is gone, so that's good
So since I'm African and ugly I need a weave
Ref tells both GKs \"don't do that thing you guys always do.\"
Just because I'm detail oriented doesn't mean I'm judgmental. I'm just naturally observant. My intentions are always good.
USA USA USA 1 more
fucking Facebook it was right there I hate my life
Casual Kim kardashian sighting in soho
I JUST MET MY NEW BFF
Oh hey imma go outside and do something\n-lol no you're not u hav to clean the house
This was such a waste of a day
Thanks KC for beating the Angels. The A's now have a 5 and a half game lead in the division!
Shoutout to on a national championship !!! Kid struck me out 3 times in 1 game.
Wow even my unconscious self is telling me to give it up
2hrs of sleep looks great on me
You should've run.
I think I need to get away.
if you ain't over the age of 21 then you're not old enough to talk shit about me. lol fufu ass bitches.
yo someone hmu im bored af
If Jeepers Creepers was real.....Fuckk that
WADEEEE ABOUT TIME lol
Booing the kings winning. Cheering the rangers losing. I admire and respect your dedication, Philly.
Me engatusa el sentido soy un iluso perdido que vende el alma por la sensates
iCarly is still my favorite show
Good luck boys and Koscielny
Sungki daw ako hahhaha Nagsalita ang Hindi LMAO XD
I seriously can't sleep without being next to Kaylara.
Knowing that I'm going to be 18 in exactly ONE MONTH !!!!
Blazing Some HAZE wit My Brozay
CAKEDAY IN ONE WEEK YAS BIETCH !!!!
I can't wait for the game one hour left. bra
Still in my clothes from last night idk
Time to advance
Trust me, everyone is better off without me. And it's actually encouraged.
\"Do you really have to be a hoe on Independence Day? Go upstairs\"-my mom
I just realize that means Vector is useless, S&amp;D rounds won't be 1.5, won't be 6 rounds, and sound whoring like crazy.
Hurt that tommy hung up on me on ft
we wanted to be clean, and become dirty...
just made the switch.. Hofstra U '18
Regulatorrsssssss. My granny was such a thug
Ive got my popcorn ready, anyone wanna join me and watch this ride continue..
What a shot by Jones!!!! Fuck yes!!!
if you try to ruin someone else's life to make yourself feel better please reevaluate life
you don't know how much this would mean to me
FRANKIE'S SPARKLY HEELS MADE MY EVENING
The boys in blue to the semifinals.
I hope the words \"I'm like that\" never come out that hoe mouth again. Or her pussy ass nigga for that matter.
I'm just trying to go to les Halles for dinner who wants to go(not you Teo gtfo)
That awkward moment when someone guesses your bra size and they guess smaller than you actually are..
If you actually call your boyfriend\/girlfriend \"bae\" I'm praying for you
Flbjdlbjflvhdjdoa h awwww he has no teeth so fucking cuuuuute!!! Damnit you tiny puppies I just want them all!!!!
My throat so dry from Vegas
Come on, Seamless. I don't want to call the restaurant to check.
I'm still waiting for that moment when I get sad about high school ending
Flying tomorrow , whoop dee doo ..
what can i do for fix the things
NEW YORK THE SLUTTYBOY GANG IS HERE
If I cannot get an answer before I go to sleep I will black and become ode brand new!
40 seconds in...
Si tu no me buscas yo no puedo lamberte.... !
It's all or nothin' so keep it comin'
123 you're pretty cool for an underclassman haha
Is Tegan and Sara a mood? Cuz that's how I feel right now
Why do people keep talking to me about chemtrails and the illuminati? I don't even care, guys!
Had to make dinner real quick
Freakin A, man. Why does there always have to be cops and flares and blocked off streets and crap by my house?
Ima start two days tomorrow! Gonna go to the gym at 5:30 before work and after work! Im not gonna wake up in shape!
No team of mine, either hometown or adopted, has ever won a title. I don't know what to do with my hands.
goal: try to tweet at work while the boss clockin me (and not get fired)
Went to the pool, fucked around, then had a bbq
Ah yes, Google I\/O out in full effect tonight.
Love costco trips with Chritty
Why does it feel like you're pushing me away..?
EVERY time I eat food my dog stares at me until I'm done. It's uncomfortable
Happy 4th of July!
Just finished How to train your dragon 2. Pretty much ugly cried. MAH FEELS! RIGHT IN THEM!
A bacon egg &amp; cheese and some pancakes is what I need right now
Long black train by josh turner
Cruising in the 350z. Only about an hour until we get to the beach house
No one wants to see the pitcher get out of a jam. They want to see the batter go yard
Lyzzas a bullshiter she was on her way a half hour ago !
Lmao it's shady af how dirty laundry doesn't even mention michelle lmaooo
Why my whole time line talkin about dirty Africans lmao.
Ready just waiting for THE CREW!
Lets be honest TT love me.
I'll do what I want bitch
sleeping schedule is gunna be so fucked when i have to wake up at 6 for 3 days during this tournament
Am I wrong? For thinking we can be something for real
The Lord shall increase you more and more, you and your children. ~ Psalm 115:14 KJV
I want a Dylan O'brien. I want one so so bad
I was just casually smoking in my drive way by myself and then Amis pulled up
mom and dad please get a divorce.
The force is strong in that booty
I just want to go surfing and have a cookout at the beach w coronas and Amurica food
I hate how my parents are such Jews with the AC
WHOS DOWN FOR A POWER HOUR PROMPTLY AT 10:45 AT MY HOUSE FOR AMERICA??????
Smashed my hand on the ceiling in celebration
I'm the idiot who doesn't rub in sunscreen the right way and now has weird shaped burnt spots all over my legs
And yet I'm overwhelmed with how much I love places like Hong Kong and Dubai and when I'm there feel like I can't breathe I'm so happy
hahahaha I love how lexie and I share hatred for the same people
....the more u try to control things in ur life, the more out of control ur life will be....
If you don't like investigation discovery i cant trust ya
man I'm such a idiot
Srsly in love with my elevated view. Sutro Tower, SF skyline, both bridges, Marin, Mt. Tam, Berkeley &amp; Oakland Hills
Touch my butt &amp; buy me icecream
i need food &amp; drinks &amp; di....
One hell of a strike for jones!
When you know a subtweet is about you and you can't decide whether to favorite it or not &lt;&lt;&lt;
This is where Landon Donovan would make a huge difference
That chipotle bowl was great I wish I had like 3 more I'm still starving
Spurs are too nice but it's Knicks for life
Anyone else fail to make it past the 15-minute mark on both WORLD WAR Z and PAIN AND GAIN on Netflix? Re-watching instead.
I think me and are the only ones that know What Ellis wants to be in life
I've strain my hamstring several times without needing a stretcher
Holl the fuccin phone it's the 4th of july
87 we've only met a couple times but you're such a sweetheart, I hope we get to hang out sometime!
Helllllll yeah USA
I get very cranky and assholeish when I'm tired.
I've been a non crack head for a month
leave your sunscreen at home. today is not the day for that
Fuck yeah!! Teen wolf comes on tonight
If I'm sad your a clown and when I'm scared your always around
17 and im trapped in a world with no ones help.
I read numbers out of order. All the damn time
He should a kick you off the bed
Yessss offensive foul bitch ass D wade
My hair has been curly for about 2 months now
I enjoy hanging with my parents a lot. Haha always a great time!
I just put clothes in the wash that are pretty much only work appropriate. All I have left are bandeaus and weird mom jean cut off shorts
\"im turning on the a\/c, could u close the win-\"\n*closes all the windows in .05 seconds*
Said ahhhh that pearl ain't royal.
\": Bitches ain't shit.\" Buuuuut ___ &amp; ___
Vision, hustle, consistency and faith is what separates princes from kings Clay Laugier
If I just wake up and you try talking to me before I've had coffee, good luck.
you make me crazy, you make me wiiiiild
I literally did not know the USA was in the World Cup. Like at all. Wow Jacqui.
I'm too attached, my heart won't let me fall back.
I can firmly say no matter what that I will ALWAYS have someone I can trust!
I go 0 to a 100 real quick nigga
Told my dad I made Dean's list, his response was \"could've done better.\"
u reject the girl due to colour fair... after few year same looking soooo beautiful\n
Yes pharrell is married and yes he has a 4 year old son named majesty
Motivation hard to get back once u lose it
Dang dude won the College World Series and then after proposes on the field. No way anyone can top that.
The sad part of Up gets me every time
I wish I could watch the bachelorette .. Well actually I wish I could watch any show
No one wants Greece to win, and I really want Costa Rica to win
Love that has finally eclipsed 1 million followers!
Don't watch the world cup if you don't play soccer...And then acting Like you know what's going...
Wtf Is Keke Palmer Wearing ?
Following nothing but dc hoes so I can learn they language.... sound like they all had strokes out therr
wow, bih scored!
Nobody knows but me that sometimes I cry, I pretend that I'm asleep when my tears start the fall..
Jermaine was clearly the biggest whore in the Jackson 5.
I fear I will never love anything as much as gay guys love the movie Frozen
hashtag this show is boring without Isaac drama
I STILL find it interesting how if I rant on Facebook, people get worried. If I rant on Twitter I gain like 10-15 followers. Crazy! lol
Baxter might as well be a Carlow lad
Should probably never go to a giants game again for the sake of my team
Somethin is tellin me to go to pride this weekend.
Maybe I'll get super powers now :D
There really aint 1 soul that I can trust..
So can I get those 30 mins of my life back?
I write all my \"emotional\" shit down in notes and throw em in a drawer instead of putting thm up on social networks, much better alternative
Too often people believe they've seen all someone has to offer
\"Why confront something when you can avoid it\"
Why the fuck do weirdos that don't know me Facebook request me...who spends their time doing that shit
I wanna go to a rave.
I can't even see you the same, sorry not sorry
Its official! is head to Gotham premiere: A screening of the pilot episode. Saturday July 26th.
Faith Fling can suck my Dick
Old lovers fall like leaves but just if you let them
Why did i buy micheal kors frames for my glasses
a 9 year just told me I had big boobs SOS
I rather be single then in a lying ass relationship.
These hoes with they nose in my business
I was born in the night of white revolution( redistribution of wealth in Iran). My parents got my birthday 6 months later for school purpose
pour one out for the Supreme Court protecting religious freedom in regards to the ACA\/birth control
USA USA U.S.A
wait what the fuck i lost so many followers
What's with the red roses for new citizens at ? Red = anti-suffrage; should be handing them yellow!
man I really cant watch CVS2
My sister keeps replaying voodoo doll and this proves that even people that \"don't like\" 5sos still like 5sos
she even tried to overdose and take her life away
Just do it anyway before we all grow old and die
I'm so fricken tired but you guessed it. ..my hip hurts
I do believe every kid needs their father, but not if he's a kodak piece of shit.
Is this partynextdoor? \"No this is nextdoorparty\"
Damn!! That was quick
I hope realizes that France isn't going to win today
OH GOD GHANA WERE SLEEPING.
You live in this country support it bitch
He wants to sex you and then he wants to encrypt your data.
Can't wait to be a soldier
....and the boys nailed it.
monumental night..cold stone for first time now watching the purge.
If My Aunt Wasnt A Bipolar Bitch Living Here Wouldn't Be So Bad
I lost my voice holy shit
I try to tell myself I'm not afraid...I'm terrified
The fact that Teen Wolf is on in 5 minutes brings me so much joy right now
And I was just looking for a charger Block
So happy to not be working td
I'm so petty, before I tell someone happy bday I try to think if they told me on mine
Cant wait to see this hot dog eating contest
Shouldn't there be rules about playing horror movie commercials? Like at least on channels I watch
I just throughly cleaned out my dad's BMW. I even polished out the engine bay!
Listening to the radio ... Long week ... In a Different ....
All I know is that the piggery should make a comeback...
She tweeted about me lol, a bitch famous
Wade needs to step up this game
\": Be about ya business.\" Tell em bro!
Thanks to finally fat fired from . She was completely useless &amp; horrible. She destroyed Edi's legacy
Not going to be a fun ride on Bart w\/ A's &amp; Yankees fans on the same train.
\": lol, whats your story? RT : Anyway gen moun c just parce ke permanant pa fe yo byen ki fe yo natural\"
Anyone got a update on the 5k?
A night sleeping without Travis is the kind of night I don't like
se meu pai inventar de querer voltar a morar nesse interior de merda eu juro que fujo
She said not to complain when the bill is $200+
\"Wtf is the Barbicide for?\" ... \"to disinfect, you dirty bitch\"
These bitches want respect but they ain't earned that yet
Starting our Independence Day out right with mimosas and bacon. 'Merica!
The fact that I'm sore from doing hardly any lifting at cheer is like so sad. Where'd my muscle go
Baby grind on me , relax your mind take your time on me .
\": My best friend threw a banger and I wasnt there.\" bae i miss u
Who esle going to see transformers tonight!! ;D Autobots rollout
I just be thinking everything's funny when I'm high. Like nothing could make me mad
If my friends were all knights of the round table, I wonder who'd be who.
I have no one to talk to so ima tweet u tik i find someone.. i just want a nice convo .
I can see us drifting apart but you dont seem to care.
Jason Kidd tried to make a power move on his boss and ends up in Milwaukee? don't know whether to laugh at him or cry for him lol
CPT CLINT WE GOING TO THE KNOCKOUT STAGE!!!!!!
What's true isn't always the truth.
Lmbo, when she sees her butt she gets creative and wants to write records bahaha
Trout hit that ball to a Subway back in Anaheim!!
Online shopping makes me feel better
Apuesto que si le digo me dira que no tiene plata :v
And it's still Fuck the spurs for beating OKC
It is so crazy to me that this exact day a year ago we graduated
I work from 7AM-2:30PM Saturday. I could barely wake up for school at 7:30.
Work was horrible today omfg
saw my wife today in the airport guys. Maddie saw her too. we agreed she was the only perfect 10 in existence. she was like 5'9 too omg
I'm pretty sure every ride does should be a rave ride
Dude half drunk from Germany said: It's so annoying to hear Americans call their stupid game Football meanwhile call real Football Soccer.
5 more days of work until another day off! Goes by fast...
HappY BIRTHDAY TO ME AHJDJVK :$$$:$-))-)-))-)-
\"There's nothing in life a good slap in the ass can't cure\" - My Dad
nice ovation here for Vidal Nuno as we enter bullpen time.
Actually tearing up watching the videos of us together lol
Got both of my faves on my ACC now and
Pedi empanadas de la romanna y me las trajo niquito jaja que grandee
For the love of God, I have to watch this episode! SOMEONE GIVE ME HBOGO! PLZ!
Well my mom saw someone die tonight at the movie theaters and then proceeded to watch the fault in our stars
Penalty kicks. Come on Costa Rica we got this !!
Okay, I changed my mind. I might go camping only because my little cousins want to have a water balloon fight.
can someone be my soulmate and take me to a weeknd concert?
turning into a woman is knowing the difference between punk-cunning &amp; beautiful-cunning
I'm so glad I had vacation hours, able to enjoy Edc and it's as if I had still been working the whole time I was gone
DONT TOUCH ME TEEN WOLF IS ON OMG OMG THE DAY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR
If you watch the France vs Germany game today you're a bum
WONDO SUPER SUB PLS
Ive been awake for 6 hours straight today
I can't drink tequila I jst can't after the Ciroc incident
Sitting out again tomorrow in my .
I know I'm not the only girl you talk to
awesome moment when my phones on 13% and my charger stops working:)))
Don't know why all a sudden I'm getting acne, but does anyone know of any good acne medicine?
She look like the whole entire flag dh
Just knowing my name was in your mouth stressing with that jealousy makes me feel good :-)
I swear if Melo go to Miami , there's no reason for me to watch nba ball again.. They winning for the next 5 yrs straight !
When everything around you is constantly changing memories are the only thing that will stay the same
The targeting has improved so much over the past year...4 or 5 key pieces that aren't too complicated, but need to get right
I think I'm ready for bed. This day went to shit real fast.
El mambo que tengo en la cabeza es imposible escribirlo, necesito hablarlo con alguien.
I'm gonna have a heart attack.
I'm at San Francisco airport waiting for my flight back to England. Busy week, but very enjoyable and nice to meet the team
Local Starbucks wants people to share on Instagram. Haha!
HOW is every single article spot on?
Someone get bagels with me
I ate a pint of ice cream and do not regret it.
Half of the house wants on Codey's dick.
Completely forgot about ask.cm and I'm glad I did
Twitter is finally back to normal
US IS THE BEST
To all the locals I'll probably take pictures of on the upcoming Losing Streak shows, you only get your pics if you stick around for us.
It kills me seeing bitches hog the treadmill at the gym going 1 mile per hour.
Since the US and it's citizens are severely affected by his executive decisions, let's hold an election on whether or not to .
I can't wait to see my sissy's
Someone on here earlier said she looks like a gold power ranger
Goalie was not even expecting that.
This live band is killin it!
Just because we are few and they are many, we are weak, and they are powerful, it does not mean that we are lost.
Fantastic goal scored by Messi. Argentina up by 2
Cuando me dan RT o FAV yo tipo:).
Giants game tomorrow . Who trynna go
They say it takes 30 days to break a bad habit
Four day work week, USA game at 4PM tomorrow, friends coming in Thursday night for a long weekend - I think I can handle this week.
I need to get out of this town
Fight for what we got with me..?
Once a good girl goes bad, she's gone forevaaaa
Driving by Rochester thinking about I'm in Niagara tonight
, what's good? Y'all should be here at with and .
This guy is in the wrong sport... Join the rockettes bro
\": THERE'S AN ART IN BEING NICE TO PEOPLE!\"
So is kinda like the Saboteur 2.0
I'm kinda over being ignored now but ok
Just benched 200lbs for the 1st time ever @ age 32. Have not worked out seriously since highschool &amp; just started working out 4 months ago.
W2 if I don't get a call plus a 3 paged essay explaining why niggas couldn't hmu. Ima be savage.
Tianna said her jeans feel like sweat pants \ncrack head
My one complaint about MK8 is that there aren't enough pink bikes. Or...not enough change to pink when I pick peach.
The board at the airport doesn't have anything on it.
\": dm instead please\" lol aiite , no prob .
There are some weird noises that I hear out my window
Summer is going by fast already and almost into July
should i start dexter or breaking bad?!
Jesus that was quick
I could run away and live in the woods
Judging by local press and twitterati you might think ridesharing is only thing happening. So much more out there. Endless possibilities.
I wonder if you are going to be there tonight?
i smile during kisses and I have no clue why
To go out to ocean city maryland this weekend for bike week and turn up with all my real niggs on the bikes , funk master flex hosting it !
Everyone wants to tweet real shii but won't do real shii
\"fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, shame on me.\"
(Back to a few tweets ago) I'm surprised that the Supreme Court passed the contraception bill. The country doesn't have an official religion
Damn someone kid jumped to his death because he lost his bets on some world cup matches. 3k worth...
I got one more seat left for tm
Soccer players with tattoos should be ashamed when they lay on the ground in pain when they were barely touched.
USA USA USA, still hate dempsey tho
Your boy was faded last night
This not having a place shit blows mine.
Sometimes the devil comes in the form of gossip.
Melo is leaving deff, Lebron will prob stay but who knows he may pull a Lebron lmao
In west buddle fuck where taji? wyd tonight?
Ibisevic on lets see some magic
Talk to me about doing demon, &amp; u a bum hood ratchet nigga
You need to move on.. things changed
\"If w is double u then why isn't m double n?\"\n-guy at the bar
We also need
The fact that I thought that was you :\/
If you didnt know that suck my dick
Where I go I just don't know, might end up somewhere in Mexico. When I find my peace of mind, I'm gonna keep it for the end of time.
garth snow is huge..he's a better goalie than a GM..and he was a backup goalie
I swear some bitches in Brooklyn are corny.
People who complain about foggy San Francisco summers: you are free to live elsewhere.
Why do some teenagers try to be political???
Somebody needs to watch 24 with me rn
my boyfriend doesn't ever wanna talk to me
Slowing readapting to my little Brooklyn life.
Dwade isn't going to get away with his dirty bullshit calls and plays tonight
This bar just blew up in noises
These flipping flopping soccer players man. they really sell it
Mount Vernon Pd broadcast a hotline for missing child turns out this is same child from Shop rite area.
Ha! \": \"It takes more faith to believe that [the wafer] is bread than it is the Body of Christ.\"\"
That commercial with the Mexican father and son? Yeah, it makes no sense.
That was some clutch Mexican food
Every second every minute man I swear that she can get it
My name is ashton and I like anal
It's me from now on. One goal and nothing gets in my way.
esta re gila esta, me parece que se fumo uno antes de venir
Did the motto took a flight to the golden state
People stay sucking the Heat. Who cares they've made it to the finals the last 4 years. How many times has your team ?
At the end of the day, I have food, water, shelter, and unconditional love from those I care about. It's the simple things.
I laugh at them because they are all the same
Happy birthday to my mans I miss you homie, hope it was a good one
I wanna go swimming , let me hit gabby
People who say pacific instead of specific are my least favorite type of people.
My gays want me to go to ladies night tonight. Okkkkaaaaay
The fair gonna shmack dis year
ugh wish I was at DISO
Idk why i promised to join sports lol
The thought of being in a relationship scares me
Lol I'm sorry for the NYC spam .
boys confuse me
It's 1:48 and this chic making late night snack runs lol
so its 2am and i just watched the quarterback glee episode and i am sitting here bawling my eyes out
Take wade out pleaseeeee
This whole fighting thing is getting really old
Merecido empate No Mames!\n
I'm thoroughly convinced that diversity is beauty.
I really hate the shown Finding Big Foot. Like it literally makes me mad knowing a show like this can be aired....
You're gone and I got to stay high all the time .
\"Screw him. I'll show him ground breaking when I hit him over the head with a hammer and we he falls the ground breaks.\"
I had no idea that this was what my high school years would be like
\": its not that much\"heard u spent 3 racks on ya belt buckle
Damn it's crazy talking to one of my exes and finding out he has a baby now! It's crazy how things turn out tbh.
And I don't even have the option to strip
I love\/hate my natural hair
Shortly after beating Algeria, Germany quickly advanced to the semi-finals following France's unconditional surrender.
I don't necessarily fear death. I fear not making something of myself or being forgotten when I'm gone.
Thank u Lord God 4 Life......
i throw nude raves in my room for myself.
My dad on the US game \"We have to make sure we don't eat any German food today so no sausages for us\" I think we might have a problem
Buy it, use it, return it.
There's no use getting your hopes up
Ladies what the fuck I'm I suppose to do when my girls on her period and she won't stop complaining at 11:30 at night?!..
You don't go Jessica Simpson when you got Rihanna
Someone rub my back it's killing me
Trap music &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Im really on my phone 24\/7.
my mom is drunk and lecturing me on how not to get pregnant aka literally providing tips and I think I'm done with this conversation
If I could actually fall asleep now that would be great.
No no Jozy. You will be fine. Buck up. I love you.
I love how my aunt &amp; sister are hella down to earth. They're hella fun to hang out with. I always have a good time.
YEEAAAHHHHH!!!!!!! HELL YEAAAHH!!!!!
I text no one.
i'm just trying to be a better me &amp; kinder to everyone
My mom gets me wawa atleast once a day, not havin it. This needs to stop. She wants me to weigh 200 pounds
I hope I didn't forget to do some random hw assignment
This is what I get for caring too much. Fuck this
jessicas making me listen to irish music.. i regret bringing her mcdonalds
its weird looking back at your life and seeing how so many things have changed throughout your entire life
The only way to get rid of the sore is to work out some more right ?
I jus fucked a nigga baby mama off istagram
Put a gun to my head and pull it just to show i'm not defeated by a bullet
Did my hair and I'm watching Pretty Little Liars when did this become my life
cream puffs are bae
You know its till the death, i hope its obvi to niggas
Now, up at bat. Will the Boyfriend score?
who said anything about no smokes ? \nsee that's that dumb shit , it was never banned on past cods , just get rid of lmgs like wtf
Gonorrea sentir ese nudito en la garganta y que nadie te entienda.
Going to experience my first bacon Saturday in NJ w\/ the ?
Id date your mom - someone I live with
Everybody else is asleep and I've been up for an hour
True Life: We Have a Popcorn Problem.
Have a happy
niggas used to lay down furious bars of venom with cool edit pro
Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos..
You ever realize how done you are with someone after they keep doing dumb shit over and over again?
Need something to do? Come to the UCB THEATER 2 see &amp;
Agreed Bruce Jenner def loves the 4th ??
my legs mysteriously broke I guess I can't run today :-(
Just fucking take me home
Deleted about 400 pictures .. 1000 to go
I always gotta plan , momma ain't raise no fool
I can't breathe and my heart is breaking with every beat. It's like watching my life fall apart and I am unable to do anything about it.
When I stop arguing that mean I stopped caring
Good head get ya rent paid.
He's not even transferring to a different high school, he's staying in Int'l.
Menuda broma no solo hemos tenido que pasar una noche mas en ny porque se cancelo el vuelo sino que volamos con 5 hrs de retraso!! Flipando
Straight up the referee for the Argentina vs. Bosnia game is a shit head. # fuckthatreferee
If you're going out to clubs 5 out of 7 days every week you have fucking issue my dude
Officially in a state touching the Atlantic, officially got amber alert on entering, officially stomach-afflicted from fajita leftovers
Did absolutely nothing today, might just go for a drive I'm so bored.
I just ran a 10k at sunken meadow. Oh my god. I thought I was gonna die an obscene amount of times.
3k till my goal which I would of reached a long time ago if people actually followed back or people didn't unfollow
Jozy's replacement looks like the squid to end all squids
Was that like Lebron missin a wide open dunk? Or air ball?
Body like a coke bottle crush it like a coke can.
Like this migraine is just such loads of fun I really just don't want it to go away
If baby ever ends up like Henry from The Last Of Us I'd be the most saddest boy
Roman Reigns next gimmick should be him being a magician
Now ash is sketching me out
I'm just not in a good mood right now
holy fucking shit GGOOOOAAAL
Yass I wonder what my boo Nicki gonna preform !
Me and Eric are obsessed with
It's going to be hard to cut some people out..
My really light hair was gross and never should have been a thing
We've been through to much shut for me not to be your girl
Finally visited . gettin the itch to make shit.
You always said it would get better but I'm sick of seeing ghosts
I pray! I believe! I receive!
Llevo toda la semana yendo a por pizza con mis amigos despues de trabajar y....me siento gorda.
Finally learned to move on. Deleted all your text messages and trying to erase all our memories. I bet you met someone in France and forgot
I'm coming for you Orlando!
We'll do us, you do you
Wont you stay with me Cause your all I need
Ghanas jersey though
Makiss ku suda ungtan ti kinabayag da ag gun gunay.
Out at 7:45 on a Friday night..what is life?!
Guess I'm just gonna chill at home to end my weekend
Free love this is real love
Don't slip, cause a nigga might push up on it
Bet y'all didn't know America declared independence on July 2nd. That alcohol tastes good though
Been in San Francisco for like 14 hours and I've only been matched twice on Tinder. this is a new low for me.
Not Altidore. Hope its not serious.
My whole house is shaking with this storm
Tonight I danced my ass off for you man I barely knew anyone there but i knew you were holding my hands like you always are Ronnie thank you
I HAVE DONE NOTHING ALL DAY.
The amount that I need to move out of my house is like 45 billion at this point.
I've been so irl since my friends came home for the summer. Haven't been an anime boy lately. Feels weird tbh.
It could all be so simple
The ever blessed pumm pumm! \n glad I go with you &amp; I'm in love with you like woahhh
Yooo... I can't be lurking. Ctfu!!! The shit I just seen is fuckin hilarious :)
I don't like to refer to people that passed away in past tense. Because they're just not here physically.
literally every night in the tent:\n\"pussy. money. weeeeeeed!!\" -
Omfg I got super tanned it's horrible
Gonna be a hot one today ladies and gentlemen.
Ima call joey on his ass LOL
No will ever no how my 3rd eye shows
Why do I keep drinking?\nWasting my time on you\nIf I didn't know any better,\nbut damn it I do...
PLS NEW SONG THATS NOT SOTS
Took 3 days to get into it but is so good
Eyes that match the shirt I'm wearing tn
HOLY SHIT OMFG YAS
See my house is not a home , fuck is going on'
Let's just all talk about how we get no play and our ex's tonight
shawty down to earth but bitch i need my space
Me and my vette will roast on anyone
And my little brother is gonna be a freshman in high school. They grow up so fast
My new car is dusty new. It's the new type of NEW.
\" we say money don't but happiness, it does.. But what happens after it \"
I cant believe i cant ball all summer
Road trip to Fresno, Cali. Sacramento was greaaaaat.
That was an amazing springboard off the top rope to a dive on the outside by Kofi
wait...wait...I have a feeling something is happening this friday.\ndid i not read between the lines or something...
oh fuck messi
I don't watch much tv but when I do humanity makes me nauseous. Watched a dude bite a lizards head off. You suck
My hair ain't even finish growing yet
They still make Robin jeans haven't seen those in a while lol
Orgasms are the best thing ever. Seriously
i honestly don't even want to go to the artrave, i just wanna see katy at msg already :-(
We get it your Lightskin lmaooo
When shaq fucks hoops, it's like a horse fucking a human.
My favorite part about summer is Book &amp; Bikini Sunday Afternoons
don't play lol
Off to babies r us and the mall to go shopping !
honestly how do people have \"round 2's\" and \"round 3's\" of tfios? i couldnt even take it the first time
I wasn't planning a twilight marathon but that's what I got
Whenever I have an ailment I always call my mom and tell her all of my symptoms like she's a doctor or something
All I need is family and money, fuck everything else
$ malikcigars $ let's be friends bc zayn girls always unite ! wow ur acc is v cute
Secret to life: unhappy people look for what life will give them, happy people look for what to contribute to life.
Vanilla Peanut Butter Milkshake for breakfast? Yes.
Why do that to yourself ?
Lmaoo Nikki puts nana on to everything I tell her, damnnn
Highlight of my weekend so far: finally being able to sleep in
That One Ex That Wont Get Off You &lt;&lt;&lt;
I want to chop my legs off. These mosquito bites are UNBEARABLE at this point.
I pretty sure I would be dead without Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.
It was a good day off
One of the mysterious ways God works in is leading us to see our mistakes so that we learn from them. That is love.
Fuck an ask.fm! Y'all got something to say bout me SAY IT TO MY FACE or shut the fuck up!
got a nigga in they feelings now
\": If I argue with you .. I care\"
Q' La Luna Salga Cn El Sol '
Messed up in a way.. thats almost a combined 2000 dollars I give to the county of santa clara.
Eleven Rings so far so good.
Apparently it is my - 7 years today!
Don't even wanna fuck w\/you anymore..
Todo aquel que nace fino La clase nunca la pierde
I don't know about everyone else, but for me hunger is never gradual.
Living in the Santa Cruz mountains is nice n all but damn it can get boring!
Who tf hurt bae.
APPARENTLY I HAVE A TRUST FUND AND MY PARENTS SPENT ALL THE MONEY FROM IT ON THEMSELVES
put dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins in a steel cage hardcore match
I'm home. Come see me at Jones
Aka I don't like her and I don't wanna see every moment of her life on my tl all the damn time.
Luck or not, you're here now and now you have a chance to redeem yourself but hey that's none of my business *insert Kermit the frog*
Dear writers of you must really love girl-on-girl action because there is so much of it
HOPEFULLY SEEING THE WINTER SOLDIER THIS WEEKEND
Maybe if I was just a little bit wittier I could be twitter famously
the chef tossed Brittany's salad pretty fast
My boyfriend just pulled a nacho out of his pocket. I'm not sure if I'm in love or mortified.
Been sick the past couple of days. I'm finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.
Ughhhh already on my way to work
The soreness in my legs is real
Wish we could have nights like this every night.
Someone told me my voice was soothing to them lol meaning I will keep singing alot
My liver may fail this summer
So we just saw James Franco and Leighton meester unplanned ok
&amp; ain't got no momma here to tell me it's bedtime
Probs should have put more than 4spf on today ...
Honestly they both look crazy their outfits are a dub.
You're a sick fuck if you like that shit.
Novlene Williams Mills just retained her title as winner of natl 400m
Arriving at Penn station during rush hour on a Friday
Great Father's Day episode Game of Thrones!!
About to get on a lot of comp work...from downloading new songs to learning how my and see how editing is with it...
First ever World Cup from, congrats guys.
My dad said were gonna have a \" talk \" fml
Only one person I wanna talk to right noww
Colorado has a state fossil apparently. Lol the things you learn from watching jeopardy.
No frowns round here, bruh, we all smiles
I get exercising is good and healthy and we all need to be active but that's just rude and crazy to give an ultimatum like that.
I lost my work phone. ...not partying, going to the gym.
Come on !! Do something good!
Gonna by a soccer ball this week.
Rage is the key word right now
Fuck i hope i didnt forget again
There is no \"cool\" way to fall off a wakeboard.
Nakakagulat naman dito,may nag aaway na pala sa labas tpos ako walang kaalam alam..
kept on seeing couple's pic sa fb hahahaah
Also Bosnia is playing lazy as shit this half.
Swear to god nothing pisses me off more than when people lie
I really want to drink but the state troopers barracks has all my alch!!!
Been waiting for Game of Thrones tonight like a fat kid waiting for cake
christians inferno - green day
I think it be the music lowkey..
I wanna be invisible, so that I could go into Safeway and steal all of their Digornos
My pool is finally blue: repeat my pool is FINALLY blue
My lower back is killing me
while waiting to go out on the boat I ordered a few more VS bathing suits..whoops
Give that man an Emmy preferably two for Timmy
Lemme score a goal right quick -Dempsey
$0.83 left on my iTunes account so I can't buy single
He'll be back, he's a tough cookie
Cupcake Wars: World Series of Poker episode... basically all two of my interests in one show
Words can't even describe what I'm feeling rn. I'll never forget all the memories I have with you. Rest in peace I love you bro.
love ? french people? thumping beats? y'all missing out on a treat at
haven't listened to trev rich in a minute. Tomorrow I shall
\": Whenever I ask someone to hang out I always preface it with \"wana do something dumb\"\" except me
You can tell that the USA is playing with how dramatic the crowd is
Wonder how he's breathing? This is soccer not swimming
Only one person hugged me on Friday too. That's no fun. Caution, I'm suffering severe hug deprivation, not contagious but it's dangerous.
Winter is coming, thank fucking god
When people tell me to shut up &lt;&lt; \n You don't understand I will punch you in the throat!
Lebron, you tight or naw?
Sounds like has a pricing problem. Ex. 's 3 is $30 for a 90 day rental. sells it digitally for $30.
As I reminisce never forgot when I was very broke, shot the henny straight cuz I couldn't afford to cop the cherry coke
Withe the defeat of Mexico and now Greece, my cuisine-based World Cup system has entirely collapsed.
I'm pretty sure these jawdins i'm ruining by walking around lake merrit are worth more than the hidden cash.
I don't think humans are capable of being monogamous
Cool sports trivia: the old Shea Stadium hosted the first outdoor rock concert held at a sports stadium. 1965, the Beatles. 55,000 people.
I've been doing squats for the past 3 months and I still have mom legs. Come onnnnn
Wow. Crazy driver lol xD that's was embarrassing :b
And I can admit I fucked over a couple if \"good\" niggas but sht you live and you learn and you gotta move on
\"Scabies\nRabies\nBabies \n\nWhy do the scariest things in life rhyme?\"\n\n -my coworker, M.S.Dunckley
Padres have a reliever named Quakenbush and suddenly this game makes sense as a Marx Bros tribute.
I'm subtly telling you to makeout with me.
Life is too short not to tell the ones you care about how you feel.
Dis white bitch had the fuckin nerve to call me a nigger when she the one payin the surgeon for her lips to get bigger
Watched those PKs in a Greek restaurant gathered around an iPad with mostly Greek staff.
\": I wanna take a cold shower\" go take a shower then
Keep looking in the mirror. Make sure no ones behind us
Just finished late night yoga -feeling really spiritual right now maybe I should walk home.
quality blunt wraps, now wheres the nug
If everyone wants the same relationship what makes yours unique?
My back hurts and I'm crying
A massage would be everything right now.
Lol even nobody ass niggas will switch up after you show them off in public and on these social networks
what's everyone doing tn I need to go out
...It's a list of recommendations for how (and why) to transition to a rural\/wilderness life ...
I'm just really happy about what and I spent the last 10 minutes doing.
debating when the most appropriate time to start drinking is...
So I'm reading a book from a library and chapters 12-17 are missing but replaced by pages from another book but they were printed this way.
I ain't no hipster but I'll make you're hips Turnnnn
The us coach right now .... Is like fuck ... I should have brought this nigga Donavon ...
Like, I guess my identifier now is \"club girl\" since I'm being asked to portray one in a music video. It's fine
Come on I Can't Believe You Guys Are Really Letting The Tie !! Can We Getting Some Better Playing
Nothing is better than driving a car that is loud as hell and is a 5 speed while blasting music at 2 am. Until u have work the next morning
I fell in love with the weather here
About to pack up my shit and head to Buffalo. I need to get away for a little bit..
Tim Howard is a BEAST!!!
GOAL GOAL GOAL!
CASILLAS SAL DE ESE CUERPO.
Got me good
7268 7268 7268 pllzzzz
3 me lack. Cow has three beast feet.
Holidays during summer don't exist in the business I'm in
Next is EDC LV for that ass
my mom made me take off my glasses cause she thought I was high .. no ma
Transformers 4!!!! Simply thee most epic movie I've seen in the last two years!
can't wait any longer to get these brownies
It really is time I stop playing
Someone take me to Bart from Tracy tomorrow so I can hangout with my brothers and sister
She won't open them. \"I'm proud of you guys for taking the test,\" quote end quote
Broken nose Dempsey
this lisp has got to go
Can anyone over the age of 30? Physically? Seriously, tho.
stomach aches will be the death of me
What's the point of mags if you never bust em
The nigga aint shittttttttt
They going crazy again lmao
I wanna go get a drink...
it's a slippery slope....first there's gay pride then there's gay wrath......vote for me
WAT DA FAAAAAAX!!' GOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLL!!!
Dang that game should have actually been 1-1. If that dude didn't make his own goal
And I said well I got a car and she said well that's something
Everyone was cool like 2 days ago what happened? Lol
10:45 and I'm ready to tailgateeee
Dat kush be my stress relief
Kutless - Promise of a Lifetime&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
do you agree?\nbeen a long time coming, this thing between you + me\ni think i need to let it goooo
I am to lazy to buy lashes
I want moes OMGG
Fucking beautiful day in New York.
You don't know half the stuff I've been through.
somewhat glad i have another year in hills idk what to do with my life yet lol
If my sister isn't here within the next minute or so, I'm just going to leave her...
Wine changes mood \nVodka changes thinking \nBourbon changes company\nTequila changes Zip Code \n
There was a reason that I was supposed to stay home &amp; clean today... Just got home &amp; now I realize why it was so important. Where's my bed?
Seeing progress is the best
You know what's awkward as fuck? When Facebook adds all these contacts to your phone and you accidentally FaceTime them.
Hahahahaha funniest moment of my life
Like did you faint because I replied back
Women are seen as the crazy ones for having natural emotions. Blows my mind .
On the road
K thats cool fuck you too
Graham Zusi \/ Clint Dempsey \/ Tim Howard \/ Kyle Beckerman... pretty much all of can get it.
You know... I'm kinda careless about a lot of things, but the only thing that I seem to get OCD over is planning.
Isn't praying kind of counter-productive if \"free will\", as a concept, cannot be interfered?
What has the nba become where you are allowed to trade coaches now
I have dreams of where I'm suppose to be they call them shits prophecies
maybe i would be rich if someone paid me every time i fucked up something
no one has secrets this day and age
Turns out the one who I thought had my back was also the one who stabbed it.
I think I quit my job today...
Nothing that's what we both are living to die. Were all trying to make it somewhere, reach our goals, and have a good life.
Now I love Mary Poppins... It only took me 5 years to actually watch it
Don't lose who you are, in the blur of the stars.
Well would you look at that! The test results are in and it has confirmed that you're a... THOT
Happy Faja's Day!
I hate when everyone plays the same thing out
That was a legitimate quote by my 9 year old sister
\"Sepa que soy caballero aunque mi aspecto es el de un vago\"
It kind of ups the ante to have Robert Polito following you. Good to see you !!
Just took a non-awkward selfie
its the mothafuckin d-o double g
It doesn't even feel like the 4th if July tbh ..
I just had an amazing night with my BIG sis thanks again love dinner was GREAT!!!!!!
And here I thought someone had their sprinklers on or some shit lmfao
This is what I get for doing cardio and only cardio haha
someone pick me up off my bed and take me to get water and pee and buy me food
I have the best boyfriend , hands down
It's past her bed time tbh
Damn peace Jozy
Camp beat the shit out of me I've never been so tired
I'm not even hungry but I want to eat, um ok
Hug it out boys
A lot of you kids are raised bohemian.
\": enamorarme de ti es un gusto k no me kiero dar\"
Lol I literally just said what I just RT'ed
I'm already at rock bottom maybe I should just date the guy who asks me out every time I go to Bergen bagels
This game is so boring. Waste of time
Money is a game - win som\/lose some. You get to keep the experiences and anecdotes.
Religious liberty of BUSINESSES apparently greater than that of the American people that work for them. Hm.
Does riding Church Road count as \"going to church\" this gorgeous morning? Wildlife tally: goats, cows, sheep, woodchuck, &amp; fox.
The Godfather Part II video game was so ill-I have to watch the movie now.
Within seconds!!! Dempsey!!!!!
Kinda wanna be left alone
\"pain is meant to be felt
\": I don't care about the internet\"\nLaugh out loud
No matter how different you may think someone is... All them fuckers are the same.
Turn off the lights...light a candle
had a nice, chill day with my sons. satisfied
spent more than half my life on a baseball field and sum1 who's nvr picked up a glove in their life tries to tell me abt the sport ,just no.
Anna and her parents are arguing in the car and I'm just listening to music looking at the window bc awkward and I'm trying not to laugh
making plans to hike mission peak in Friday at 2 in the morning with
People get mad when you do what they've been doing for so long SMH. Let's see how you handle.
And she's vague
Big E emancipated his straps and won the match. Now he's gonna be Mr. USAuh!
I should have been redeemed, for every second chance, that changed it's mind on me
Even tho I dont have EVERYTHING I want im thankful for what I have. My family, education, a job, a beautiful home. Thank you god.
I need to wear sunscreen. I'm getting so dark :(
You're a giant fucker
It's my fucking nose. Let me liveeeeeeee
HE SAID \"it's a guy who doesn't hang out with girls but I hang out with them so I'm not a virgin\" LMFAOOOO
I hate having no one I can go to for advice
Love is about forgiveness
Gon get my 4th tat prolly week after next.
This would be a great time to put in Landon Donovan....
What. A. Strike.
Listening to the relationship problems being discussed at the next table is exhausting me.
Bruh what are these people saying?!
I wanna play soccer again. And find a new job. And be in school. I want it all.
\": August isn't that cute to me for some reason\" omg rt
Still too late to add Landon Donovan?
I didn't really watch it because I didn't finish the episode. I just saw people watching it and I thought it wasn't bad
Savi's asleep and I'm really lonely
You know a game's intense when the team you're crying for isn't even yours. Yes Costa Rica!!
Cause every thug needs a lady
The one karaoke night I don't go to and I hear najuch dolanski and divo are there
Im legit about to pass out very soon from that workout
I cameeeee oh shit baby my bad
I was there for you\nIn your darkest times\nI was there for you\nIn your darkest night\nBut I wonder where were you\nWhen I was at my worst
Feeling like I don't give a fuck about chemistry
BREAKING: Gavin Hamilton Wins Edinburgh Pentlands Senate Seat by 10% margin. He is speculated to be new Liberal Democrat Senate Leader.
How does one deal with the outrage that is NO peanut butter at home??
You purposely piss me off
i didnt even get to say goodbye
Just wanna move to VA n live with
On 7th ave looking at times sq it's like the holidays have begun in full swing
I need a day with my girls
I found a freakin parking space in NYC!!
Ginobili is going to work!!!! Beast mode!!
A \"You've Got Time\" &amp; \"Islamic Call to Prayer\" mashup in your head means you should get out more, right?
You say you can't have cake and eat it too...but ain't that what you supposed to do?
Bunch or married people at work discussing whether one should date for fun or date to marry? What do you think?
My moms in a phase where she keeps throwing away all of our furniture and I'm running out of places to sit
I pray yall both trolling \": She surpassed her.\": Jhene Aiko is our generation Sade\"\"
Think Like A Man 2 wasn't better than the first one..
Detoxing all the negativity from my pores. Aka this steam room.
I love u n Hillary so much
sorry I didn't favorite every single one of your tweets since December 2012...
Geddes Little League it's been a great ride. 7 amazing years at the best little league around. Sad to see it come to an end but that's life.
I wanna make love in this club~~
I have to come up with a good facebook post for the end of my semester abroad experience lol .... I'll do it when im actually home tho
I Really Want Kids. Boy Or Girl. 100 Of Them So I Can Have 100 Friends And No One Can Say No To Being My Friend.
Got so much songs on my phone but keep the same 5 on repeat lmao
I've got the feeling between you and I. I've got hungry eyes.. Or is it oh real eyes?
Resilient (adj) The ability to bounce back after change or adversity.
My mom literally walked in my room bc she thought I was crying.... It was on my tv....
Mother on Simon Cowell: \"Simon-something, he's a toughie!\"
It ain't hard to see that I'm doin my thing
I liked DD's tweet and she instantly texted me to chill
Rollin up to Stanford campus with a Cal shirt on
So lucky to have the friends I do.
This IRS Commissioner Koskinen should be sent out for rendition. How did public servants become so arrogant.
I Feel Like People Throw Around The Word Ignorant Too Much Not Knowing What It Actually Means. Which Is Kind Of Ignorant.
Like why the fuck do you want to hit a soccer ball with your head those things are not light. Things I'll never get
Well going back to school tomorrow. A lot has been going on that list do this.
Being rude won't get you anywhere .
Currently listening to loud dance songs.... So I can stay up
How the fuck do sea monkeys work?
I had every intention to do laundry and then I sat down.
Hopefully I can fall asleep tonight
Bet y'all all the money I got Paris Hilton fuckin tn
Why is it so hard to find a pool stick??!??
One more candy crush invite and I'm gonna assassinate Mark Zuckerberg
Hate Lewin &amp; David for that
I wish I had the motivation to get toned
Sara and I are sleeping with our connected door open tonight let's see how that goes.....
The thing I hate most is that I walk into a room full of people when I wake up who bitch and put me in a bad mood so fuck you all
Tappan zee traffic is the worstttt
U so squishy ... u don't even know
Nothing beats Walgreens' candy deals.
I was such a bad person back then
Why is this all hitting me now? Can't help but wonder if I made the right decision or not
Collin gets pissed cuz I like black guys, and he feels \"racially inadequate\".
Played too many games.
I think I just heard some chick get murdered on the levee behind my apartments... Again
Costa Rica saved football tonight
Sanchez just be dancin n prancin lol
I swear NIKKO and Stevie J is brother
Dempsey might have taken a hit but he is back on the pitch!
My son drake bodied the language
New head unit for my truck?... Or...... 1,000 rounds for my ar15 hmmmmm decisions decisions
But these mothers literally bending at the waist putting CDs into the TV sets idk how they do it hahaha
How tf do you hate the grateful dead!?
im afraid you'll meet somebody new &amp; there wont be any feelings for me left.
\"Whats your email address?\"\n\"It was my alter ego!\"
LETS FUCKING GOOOO CLINT DEMPSY
I will eat anything besides mushrooms and grapefruit.
Need a car some dope ppl some dope music and a lot of drugs and no destination for the perfect road trip
not that having good sad songs is any better ksjdhgfg
you weigh like 90 pounds why are you trying to lose weight?
i like to think that we had it all. we drew a map to a better place but on that road i took a fall. oh baby why did you run away ?
\"Here's spying on you kid.\"
If I find out I have a test when I get to soc. today, I'm walking in there &amp; literally walking right back out all in one motion
Only 5 tweets left. Quitting this twatter stuff at 2k.
If i aint the greatest then im headin for it
at the isles draft party. I'm a caps fan.
FuUuUuUuck imma be up for dayyyzzzz
So psyched for the end of the summer to look at the difference from day 1, and also to put it to use on the basketball court.
Lets go USA
When you go to the end of your Instagram feed
The goal is to see the World... Twice!
I know that ass you got, come with attitude and ya swag girl
TLC Extreme Cheapstake is just sad lml.
KRHV 152347Z 31008KT 10SM SKC 26\/12 A2981
These guys make this look way too easy
Mid evening karaoke sesh.... At home.
Hey come to the citizen show so we can meet finally k thanks
It must suck being an ugly guy . There's really no fix besides makeup which is controversial. Sooo must suck. I wonder what shvet uses..?
Off to sign the lease on my new apt! Hello again UES!
USA USA U-S-A
memorial at w\/ Tim Berne, Steve Bernstein, Anthony Coleman, Dave Douglas, Annie Gosfield, Marc Ribot and more...
Sucks I missed Fall out boy with paramore
Yeah we all have our differences but at the end of the day we can all come together as one and say fuck Nick Cannon
Such a joke
Who knew he still had bounce
Says I'll kick your ass in tonight
Only in soccer they wheel out the stretcher for a pulled hammy
I don't trust anyone with anything of mine.
Got a few ol habits life..
Guys, I got two favorites in one day. WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THIS LOVE?! Do- do I masturbate?
I feel like I'm waiting for something that's not gonna happen...
Omgg I'm so Fuckin stupid !!!!!
That's a wrap folks
Ronaldo has done goofed
Golden Showers????! ....... NO NO NO! Not that! They cross the biggest line of them all.
Congratulations to Vanderbilt on winning the 2014 College World Series...
Ok i just gave you some great food, beautiful grills, and even awesome bats for 4\/4! What else would you need? Support USA!
Great to see Grandy Man swinging a hot bat as of late.
not that i don't like you i'm just tryna partyy
there's never anything fun to dooo :'( being able to drive doesn't make more activities exist.
Wait fuck wave her down I don't want mayonnaise
You don't know what You don't know what you don't know what to do
If they don't hire anyone, they're losing the best worker in the store.
Feeling nice right now tr yna knock out.
Ya this collars popped cause I'm the fuckin man
Why doesn't animal planet have shows about animals anymore?
Gol de . Imaginen si el patio el partido era aburrido...
Fuck this 3-12 shift every Friday
Ain't no such thing as Satan. Evil is what you make it
Cars with eyelashes on headlights ...... WHY
U S OF A
I can't make you into what I want you to be.
I ate like a fucking fiend the past few days
Welp. Didn't do any cleaning when I got home. So. I'll be spending half of tomorrow doing that...
Turbo says he wants them to. That scene is deep.
Woke up to royalty
Can't wait to be in the city tomorrow
\": lol you're redskins fan at heart awww\" kill yourself. Never that
Finally catching up on today's matches. Beautiful pass from to ! Way to go, !!!
I wish you weren't such a dick head because you're like one of the funniest people I've ever met *kanye shrug*
The difficult ones show up for a reason
Let's get lost at sea where they will never find us
I'm sorry but who puts peppermint in a Starbucks refresher?????
\": I don't mess with spiders\"
Just went from listening to The Story So Far, to Ray Charles. Sure
Chocolate milk at 2:46 AM...Why not??
don't be mad cause I'm doing me better then you doing you
I'm so down to go on a late night adventure right now
Has the rebounding economy helped the t-shirt cannon companies because they're about 2% of our GDP?
Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck
Oh wait I'm the only one awake lol
THESE REFS OMFG!!!!
Dancing in a booth with were so dope
Wait, I thought this was San Antonio vs Miami? Looks like San Antonio vs Cleveland
When i say 15 minutes late I think it's obvious I mean 15 minutes later than the 5-10 minutes late that I would've been anyways.
My goal still out there, I am closer but will not know till it I'd done.
OMGGGGGGGG, YAS BITCH!!
no les pasa que estan haciendo un trabajo pero es muy largo y solo quieren dormir entonces entran en desesperacion y lloran
Sad Sad Day In The Baseball World Today.
How do I find the people I blocked on here ?
I'm going through it man my body in so much pain
I'm watching this man lift with his girlfriend with paralyzed legs. Just curious how they have sex
Over 700,000 swings captured and analyzed in the past 30 days
Cops out here deep, vineland, Millville &amp; Bridgeton all for gouldtown
Portugal about to turn up lol
Four Year Strong are playing a new song for the first time. Pretty in line with their previous material - fans should dig it.
1 minute and already a goal
Some very interesting commentary in Thursday's around 's resignation and the main reason why he decided to quit.
My body all cramped up and I don't know why. Smh.
Lmfao bettman to the boos-\"isnt this suppose to be the city of brotherly love\"
There comes a point in your life when your realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will.
How! Whooooooooo Jones with that heat
Do get food or to not get food
Looks like Lebron MENTALLY threw towel in. Last 5-8 minutes no passion. Fire. Hope. It's all been stricken, from those \"old guys\" in white
Everybody is going to hurt you; you just have to find the ones worth suffering for
ima be sloppy cryin and allat snot and everything idc lol
GO AMURRICA! And yes I only care about soccer during the world cup
Lmaoo isma didn't know what was to impeach a president
i want to give this font a swirly and a wedgie at the same time
Clint is a crafty little guy
You're so ugly not even Tim Howard could save your face.
DAMN... first goal by in under a minute
HOLY SHIT LOL
There's no place I hate being more than around my family.
\": It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. ~J. K. Rowling\"
We go 0 to 100 nigga real quick
baby let's face it I'm not into dating..
I want to talk shit because there is nothing on tv
Parker is killing it!
If it doesn't seem like the right time to make a move, don't worry, there's nothing wrong with stillness.
I still can't believe how many of my idles I saw yesterday. Like damn.
When that whole 'rap' section happened in Departures opening in Vegas and I went full blown ratchet.
I wanted them olive Qasas but like 4 people i know copped so fuck that shit
Ima Brooklyn girl so if you look in my face and don't say nothing ima mug you for the rest of your life.
My couch pillow wall is pretty impressive
She just wanna have a good day, smoke more weed than a guy in LA...
\": Just hoping one day you realize that you lost a great girl\" yasssssssss Livier
The sad part is I saw that coming
I NEED ARIANA TO FOLLOW ME
I don't get the obsession with pretty lights
Mayte doesn't want the love cause if she did she would try to make it work!\n
Got a big booty so I call her big BOOTY
Paula deAnda song walk away is my life rn
Tweeting from a landing plane.
Girls can never call guys thirsty again EVER
Wanted to sleep 4 hours ago
If God can change my life around He can change Yours around
But to each his own, I ain't tripping long as I can reach the chrome\nHeat your home like Southern California Gas, police pass
where can you get zero calorie mexican food
Can I just stay in bed all day and not move? That would be ideal.
We hear more about Nancy's children then about the case at hand! ?
If both of your contact lenses have the same prescription, we have beef. You don't know true struggle. I do not respect you.
If I could take a screenshot without him knowing that would be lovely lmao
So happy to hear that Curt Schilling is in !!
Pro Players, If you are making a team change or have thoughts on other moves being made let me know and we'll line up some interviews!
Talking about someone I used to care about.
Ppl be like \"you so loud, rude, disrespectful and ignorant\" i jus smile n say \"ima Brooklyn nigga....its wat i do..Thanku for noticing\"
Uncle Joe Biden just drew a louder applause than the Dempsey goal.
This whole day is fucking annoying and I want to go to bed
Busing sells on the fone that's a easy case
I swear this girl is crazy.
Tired but not tired at the same time
I'm pretty sure if I dressed how I wanted I would scare a lot more people than I already do.
take a breath reflect on what we've been through or am i just going crazy cause i miss you?
My and is and . always a worthwhile endeavor.
I wanna go to the beach at night and burn and talk shit on the world
airport security is terrifying i'm convinced that i've committed a heinous crime just by being in the same space as them
I don't like ha hair
What anime should I watch rn
Some chicks think cuz they bad or got the cake they don't gotta do nothing during sex. Don't get it twisted alot of bad bitches sex game wak
my goals in life include learning to ride a unicycle and getting banned from a country.
Someone at home came up on my green apple swisher when I was gone. Okay so it's like that. Ima find you motherfucker.
Why does no one like malia she's so funny I like her
NAWALA NA ANG GANA JABLEG NA YAN EH
If you think will win today. Retweet this. Let's see how far this can go!
I caint believe I have tomorrow off witch means I will be drinking a large amount of alcohol tonight
I'm gonna start telling people fuck you when I'm mad at them because that seems to the best way to just end it
remember when games done quick raised enough money to get smash mouth to eat the eggs and guy fieri \ncooked them. My fav gdq \nMometn
I just crushed 4 hours of time in a half and 10 hours of triple time cause of the holiday
True confession: I have the same violent rage tendencies towards Tms Sq characters as I do to the people who stand in subway doors
New draft beer today!
When Bradley holds my hand when he sleeps (':
I speak Fluently in Movie Quotes
Going to work early too watch videos...
for your feelings there's no place, but you knew that from the start
Amazing opening score by vs \/ Go Team
a 6'5\" man just rollerbladed past me on the sidewalk in my neighborhood. fitness &amp; the 90s apparently never sleep.
Zach and Shelby are actual idiots
Everyone just needs to learn to keep their god damned mouths shut and to stop starting shit.
I shouldve went out there and see everyone go off to prom
there is an angry half dead fly in my room and it's messing with me
Few movies can compare to remember the titans
My father just gave me full on bios on each contestant on The Bachelorette.
Mazel Tov to on your ! Take your honeymoon with !
HATE when people read your kiks and don't reply . Tf
Wow raining on the 4 of July whatever I still have fun
I got hell shit to tell amri lol
I hate being in my house because I hate everyone in it
I don't even believe people swearing on their mother's life anymore, or God, since I chose to not believe in him either. Trust is annoying
Damn Dempsey!!!! USA!!!!
Starbucks should award stars just for being a good person
This nigga said your ruining my life I couldn't do nothing but laugh like I haven't spoke to you in two weeks what I do now
They did the law and order noise for a strike out. Amazing
LeBron = Quitter
Failure is just another stepping stone to greatness
Sabella clearly learned a lot at Leeds United in '81 that he has now passed on to . You're welcome.
You really can't chill with broke niggas too much cause that shit is a disease
You would think on a day like today I would want to get up and astray getting ready ... It's sad that sleep trumps graduating lol
Congrats to Vanderbilt that was a good ass game .
More of that please
But my cat gets cuter everyday.
Just a young white nigga tryna turn up in a wack city
Lmfao @ my last RT
I love me some
0 to 100 nigga real quick
Dang I really wanted to see 7 games
Good 1 for ! MT Movie geek in me is fascinatd by those who excel at 1 film role &amp; disappear. Wot happened?
Why can't I ever sleep when I need to most.....
BOSNIA BOSNIA BOSNIA BOSNIA!
These cheesy pretzals just saved my life
Darwin's a big cat but he moves like lighting! And he has the tendency to squeeze into tiny spaces.....
I WISH I COULD FIND MY DAMN BANDANA WITH THE BLUE STARS I WORE IT LIKE TWICE AND LOST IT
I don't think Twitter would be as fun if I was White
That's a red card but whatever I'm a hater
evitemos el contacto, se tu punto exacto
The new season of The Legend of Korra really boosted mine
What liverpool will earn if sold, impact on future performance if he is not at all this put together will drive the decision
My mom has started yelling at students like with Jason Bay in the outfield.
The people who aren't afraid to be themselves will always be remembered by everyone else. That's why I'm me.
Unless that person has a head constantly angles at 45 degrees then my tweet no longer applies
My finger is currently crying from being burned.
\": You can only try your best. And if they can't appreciate that, it's their fault, not yours.\"
My dad likes Elvin more than me now.. Aight
Okay I'm gonna go smoke and I think we have left over pizza.. Later
some guy had the confederate flag tied to the front of his Jeep
THAT SHOT BY JONES THE GODDDDDD GOALLLLLLLLLLL
My all time high. Sweet home Alabama finishing right as I get home after making every green light
Idk how to handle this situation do I break my phone in half?
Si a tu novia no le cae bien tu amiguita, no le hablas a tu amiguita. FIN.
When you try your best but you don't succeed, stuck in reverse.
Did em deadass just call me a grandma
When you caption a picture of yourself \"future soccer moms\", ya doin it wrong
MY BOY JONES KNOWS WHATS UP
How the fuck you feel I ain't gon.....
they put it in like belts, and necklaces, earrings, other kinds of jewelery, men's jewels like bolo ties, rings
They guarding Ronaldo like he Lebron
Okay so it just started raining mad hard out of nowhere like why
You ain't the same whenever drinks around
I fucks with him cause he actually did something about it, and wifed it..
fuhhh broke up with Donna! \n\nwhat is life :\/
ashanti better get off aug. lol
Cam probably won't call me so ima go work out so I can have a flat stomach lol
Case or Face? I like both of them to happen. Lol
lakers trying so hard , nobody tryna play there tho hahaha
The Lady at Subway gave me $0.37 so I gave her my number think she calls me?
I need to get a prescription for this sumac for reals
I didn't know friendship was based on a scoreboard.
Hahahaa taaapuni, pea tapu keke toe ava mai! Sa'a! Toki ava mai he osi ho'o puhi ta'e! Ctfu
Here at the desert
Worked 2-10 yesterday. 12am-7am this morning.. went to sleep at 4pm-6:30 &amp; now having to drive. Man shoot me.
blake griffin's brother played for the santa cruz warriors, that's cool.
Within seconds !
The hear are pulling something just like the rangers! One player is outstanding and the rest of the team is no help!
Costa Rica is the biggest surprise of this tournament! Awesome win, even after only having 10 men!
Cry? Or smile???? Hmm that's difficult after last night
My mom is the perfect example of the wife I want to be. Even though my dad shut her down completely, she still cooked him his favorite meal.
I can't chill with Michael I get annoyed so easily
Ha I retweet and favorite more than I actually tweet. Go figure
Honestly ive been clean for like 2 weeks
AND YOU STILL DONT GET THE FUCKING HINT. Lol sorry ur stupid
San Francisco Pride weekend was awesome. Thank you &amp; you're entire crew for killing it yet again w\/ 5th year!!!
Hey Ghana, stop hurting our players, you fucking fucks.
My Instagram is becoming a breeding ground for people's opinions. And we all know how I feel about other's opinions.
Late night arts n crafts
We were all here before the album has been released we've been here since the beginning and that's fucking awesome ily all
OoOoo but instead going to a bonfire
Why do doctors appointments always take hellllllaaaa long.
SEATTLE LOVE BABY
Unable to move from my bed
It's a love\/hate relationship going to my nanas bc she always makes so much food that I just can't stop eating
Let's go !
Do you want to go to the seaside?
Hey e$ thinkin I'm gunna change my name to \" your hubby's favorite Dj\"
\": Damn 8 hour shift and no time and a half.. wtf\" they stay doing that to new employees lol
\"The rain is actually helping to douse the buns.\" at the women's
One good girl is worth 1000 bitches.
Not even 8 and I'm shit faced
Usually it's just gym shorts, J's\/ Freeruns, and a T-shirt. Don't really try all that hard anymore unless I really want to
Please don't be a serious injury please
My snapchat stories take like 2 hours to post
I'm really missing New York already
.HOW DO U POKE SO FAST
For the Bohemians! Now pouring Pivo Pils
My oh my you're so good looking, but who are you when I'm not lookingg
any free links for miss carival??
POV switching.. how do you feel?
Right now dudes in hot dog suits are dancing to Led Zepplin's \"Cashmere\"
My dad is the funniest man on earth blood
Bad girls ain't no good... And the good girls ain't no fun
Or it's 80 poorly raised very sad children.
Can it be Friday , Saturday and Sunday already ?
Closing with tonight....who let this happen??
What a shotttt our efforts finally pay off lets get one moreeeeee
We're about John Wayne, Johnny cash and John Deere way out here
Hey friends if you wanna come over today that'd be totally cool but just know my house has zero food and there's a huge dog here
Never seen a decent movie on the syfy channel
exactly two weeks from now I'll be on a train I'm ok I'm ok
Lightning struck and I saw everything bright as day for good 2 Mississippi's... that's long as fuck for lightning holy tits
LOS QUE ME DAN FAMA NO PUEDEN DIFAMAME;
Robin thicke is trying to reach out to his ex wife in the wrong way
When people are around my door I get really nervous and jerk it, and that hurts sooo fucking bad
Eres lo que no puedo dejar....
Night swimming at my house be here or fuck off
There's nothing that I dislike more than talking during a massage.
he dont wife em' he one nights em'
Just asked my dad to take me to Nashville for the 500th time and he said he'll take me on August 5. He's not funny.
I as an American first am very angry, disgusted, and feel no one is paying for the damage done. Why is this acceptable?
Night night for me bc tired
This summer is gonna go by fast
I'd rather have strong relationships with fewer people, than weak relationships with more people.
Professionalism is one of the keys in success
I dislike people who are always indecisive. Make up your mind and stick to your decisions.
Damn I got allll Cs that's so much better that I thought I'd get
Incredibly excited for this weekend at &amp;b
GUYS IM BEFGING SOMEONE GIFT IT TO ME I CANT USE MY MOMS CARD AND I ONLY HAVE 81 CENTS ON ITUNES
I could feel there was more to be said than the small talk we were making... but I didn't know where to start.
pengeng cinco pambili ng puto sa mga tindera ng bitso-bitso
If you're feeling what I'm feeling let's mix it up. You got my number baby hit me up.
What do you tell bae when they're playing games? \"Night fam\"
I love my sports references
Only thing I dont like about this is the fake fans that go just cause its a dollar or to brag on social nets.. They take up space..
My life is really like the mob, you really do have to get initiated
My dada solved everything by serving you a glass of water.\n-You crying? here, drink some water.\n-You just got shot? here, drink some water.
\": My communication skills are severely lacking.\" Mine too
J. Cole and his lyrics can get it.ill let him rap to me while we getting it lmao nfs
Gotta work the 4th. At least I get time &amp; a half.
Can't seem to catch a break
Because days come and go but my feelings for you are forever
Don't say I'm better off dead, \n'Cause heavens full and hell won't have me
NJ in the AM then DC in the PM
I will eat everything on this menu fer 4 days
I am up to two dance classes a week and contemplating starting tap. A new addiction is born
She doesn't give me Sade at all! RT : Jhene Aiko is our generation Sade
When did being alive and healthy stop being enough to make us happy?
When this iphone 6 coming out my phone not even gonna last me not even a month.
Late night car rides got me feelin' some type of wayyy
Idk about you but I kinda like not remembering certain things .
Im so mad at my mom for leaving red in my hair
In honor of this generally beachy-cookout friendly holiday, the restaurant will be closed.
Old Taylor is the best Taylor
I was going to eat dinner like an hour ago but I went into a fit of rage when I found out Joe ditched the squad
Dude at the train station just asked me if I'm on Facebook taking someone's man
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN BABY. LETS GOOOOO
This dude next to me on the train, probably well in his 40s-50s is causally watching Black butler. ANIME IS FOREVER!!!!!
I'll never understand why Baldwin likes my house
Putain de co de merde qui crash toutes les 2min.
That is what you call a good game
Hi I'm Jess Nelson and I'll tweet but I'll ignore all my group chat messages
The girl from south that's a porn star is on vivid radio....
Thank god dhe sounds the same in person
Don't like my opinion? Stop trying to reinforce your's, stupid ass video
\"Greece got CONCACAF'ed\" best line of the night
I don't even eat to get full I just eat to get that annoying \"ugh I'm hungry feed me\" feeling out of my stomach
Tarzan is my all time fave Disney movie
SO EXCITED TO EAT WAFFLEHOUSE AND SEE MONUMENTS AND STUFF
With scaled, rutans success with a rubber hybrid in a shortened flight test program to win a prize led him down the wrong path for a decade.
Parker woke up ..its a wrap now
Like who da heck is you thinking you can tell me whats right and what wrong?
I just choked on my drink. James Neal has been TRADED TO NASHVILLE!? NOOOOO
I think time actually does move slower for
Good God, Beckerman is taking a beating tonight
Wow, I can't believe that actually worked. And so well too.
Honestly I kind of had a feeling this would happen again. I shouldn't be surprised
Maybe I will wake up tomorrow and I will find out that followed me :)
Remember the time you painted my nails while at the register lmao
The amount I've procrastinated this paper is awful considering it's the only thing I've had to do in a week...
I gotta start investing myself in the right things.
Didn't know a hurricane was in the forecast for tonight
I have a boner
I got my complete auto attendant up with to cell phones w &amp; for like
BRUH its too hot to wear a ie faikaga. ...
My little cousin thinks calling someone mayonnaise is an insult. Umm okay then
Shane Battiers last professional game. Will miss watching him play
Pretty sad i have to work during the game tom
Won't you stay with me? Cause you're all I need
Am I part b\/c I like having fun &amp; having plants &amp; animals?
SHOUTOUT TO THE BIG HOMIE ON HOODRICH RADIO RIGHT NOW ON BRO
shout out to for getting a tweeeeeeter
Come right now you know where I stay
Theyre going to ruin Looking For Alaska like can they not make the movie
keeeeeep forgetting texas is 2 hours ahead
You are VALUED! You matter! Join Monday at 9:00pm EST for ONLY 30 Minutes! Call 1(857)232-0157;Code- 356888
people who do your emojis but say the same damn things every time&lt;
Might be the most epic thing I've ever seen
People having after prom parties.....It's almost 1:30 am and I hear music outside.
And what's an Angel with a missing Halo
Never knew there would so much people on the road at 3am
Stop it o h m y g o d
I don't know what to do with myself whenever I get like this I can't text my friends because they're all prob sleeping like normal people
We have the dopest away kits dont @ me
!! What an awesome set of PKs. Navas, that was sick
Did Greta just give up she's a liberal? Nancy Pelosi fundraising emails....hum...
3 HOURS UNTIL THE QUEEN IS 21
When did I become Eric Forman
The only place \" Turn down for what\" should be played is in Bosnian night clubs
Howard is clutching it in goal
Running to the gym, gettin my lift on...then running back...kill 2 birds w one stone, y not?!?
Quiero una novia RT. &amp; Somos novios :$
Damn I Was Waiting on That call
Bey&amp;Jay finna give us some OTR tour teas.
I love having friends who plan things on impulse. Nothing is ever planned more than an hour in advance
I wanna go out and buy something cute for Brad Paisley so someone should come with me
One year ago tmrw I saw an angel that changed my life
Can't wait for the summer so I can bike with every one. It's so fun!!!
Ray needs to hurry up and feel better
Anyone up to talk to? Feel like i need to talk to someone
I tied flannels around my waist before it was cool. Just sayin.
People don't care about other peoples credit but when it's there own niggas be ready too fight
I don't take Chem and I'm already failing it
I gotta make my family proud . I gotta make my dreams a reality .
I wish there were types of friends with benefits where instead of fucking, you could cuddle with them and kiss them and watch movies.
Just asked my boss for a raise on some G shit... I'm not no little kid
.1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n .1mil\n.1mil\nPlease\nLove\nYou
QUE GOLASO!!! WHAT A GOAL!!! USA! USA!
Totally seeing How to Train Your Dragon with
Always have a positive mind set and you'll find yourself happier than ever
looking forward to seeing &amp; perform tonight
I don't know how to change who I am
Do you ever find yourself sucking dick and ask yourself 'how did I end up here?'
Kinda all went downhill when bungie sold the franchise to 343....and IW to treyarch... Still depressing
I'm so happy I have dvr.. I would have been so upset if I didn't get to watch Teen Wolf.
Just saw bieber in his lambo in the tunnel
Why am I the only one on the bus stop there's supposed to be like 5819195 middle schoolers
I think Snowpiercer later today is going to give me all the fireworks I need
Can someone fucking kill me real fast
Be careful what u say to others, that shit really affects people.
There has got to be one person in this hospital that can get me a xanax. I can't deal with the anxiety waiting for this kid anymore aghhh
I miss the Mons yo lmao
My dad better buy ice cream because I'm in the mood for ice cream.
HIS NOSE ISNT GOING TO BE CLEAN, ITS GOING TO BE PRETTY DAMN FUCKING BLOODY
A little bit of summer's what the whole year'a all about
nothing like spending a super productive day shopping
Grammy.. ? She Jumping The Gun
Update: mom only took me bowling so she could tell me that we are moving without feeling guilty.
Who's hookin me up with a ride across town
Tweet: going to detox this week, no alcohol, lol unless someone buys me a drink!
Cement just fell outta my nose..reminded me that I still need to showa!!
It makes me pissed off when kids swear at their parents
At work I packaged up like 10 checkered shirts to ship to someone in Columbus and was shocked they weren't addressed to
I'm chill off hella shit for a cool minute lol
my eyeball is gonna pop out of my socket
my house is a prison.
ITS BLOODY BRILLIANT
\": I either dress super girly and pretty or I dress like a 40 year old man that hasn't gotten out of bed in 2 months.\"
\"Let me work here, at this island of misfit toys.\"
Ayeee go look at wendy williams show tonight on b e t i was there
As good as Kirby looked in the first two innings, I felt like we swung in some three ball counts. Hoping to bust it open here.
Wait my hair is so soft
You're honestly so pathetic to keep lying to me, shows how much you \"care\" lol
Lol Joseline page must've got hacked .
Would I ever talk to you once again
Played doc with my baby sister for about an hour to help her feel better
That's y my wrestling niggas be doing great things
\"I don't think she's digging him\" - my dad eating nuts watching the bachelorette
Damn it Jozy
There are not enough girls named Candy in the world to justify the number of songs written about them.
I've been gone for a year and it feels like I never left
Watching some bp before
Fake it till you make it
I feel bad for Tracy McGrady!! He could've gotten this ring
College Oriantation and I'm up early and have literally nothing to do for the next 2 1\/2 hours... Fuck!
Time to get back into the flow of things. Already missing the lake, mountains, and fresh air!
I missed something on twitter last night damn it
Fair today? I think so!
I hate doctors so freaking much
There are two types of people. 1: Those who use the metric system and 2: those who've been to the moon.
Your body's a dream that turns violent and that's the way I like it
Can I please have Jen Selter's body please
Fastest goal in history for the ! What an amazing start!!!
Once upon a time on the same side in the same game
Lew Ford drops a fly ball with 2 outs and 3 runners on. All 3 score, batter to 2B. Not gonna get back to MLB that way, Lew.
I leave NY in a week and I can't wait to get the fuck out
lol wait my dad is just as big of cunt as my mom is
I need to meet new people more often, it's a lot more fun then the same old shit all the time.
I've always wondered why the NFL doesn't turn soccer players into kickers
If we're having a good time, don't kill my mood with your sentimental bs.
Cleaning boats for 6 hours was not the business
wena se enojo por una pelotudes , yo la tendria que odiar a ella entonces
this niggas out doing what he does best..... lol
Whyyyyyy won't my body let me fall back to sleep!
Gol de panza
I thought I'd grow out my hair, to see if you'd notice.
Common whole album better be about black kids getting killed at a war zone ratein his city
Ella guardaba una gran historia de lagrimas y gritos silenciosos que solo ella,la luna y Dios sabia.
Everything would be so much easier if I had my license
Looks like it's not text serena back Sunday
Game over. Pack it up. Good game
Ain't no one waking up at 8 to go to randolph during my summer break.
when people post a selfie and make it their avi on every social media it's like damn bitch you must think you look fine af there
Aw, my dad got into his first social media fight MMMMMNM Cutie...
I wonder how many people muted tonight
Don't sleep in football! Great shot from Jones.
Seriously stopped a movie to make tacos and quesadillas oh
Being young is full of choices that are very important
Niggas really just went to swim at the beach at 11 at night
This stretch mark shit is getting me a little annoyed..no one asked to get them. As long as she is pretty and treats you amazing why judge?
Jermaine Jones' goal though was mighty sexy.
Dang Amity chirped me
\": Ready for 1pm Vigil 4 Bradley Ballard, organized by outside Bronx DA's office! - I'll be there!!
Dawn of the Planet of the Kittens
talking is cheap and your lies were expensive
Is a Soundgarden 2011 tour shirt cool? I'm stuck here
She knows me like a book, its to easy to read my ass
HUGE shoutout to for preaching that Carmelo Anthony's perfect spot is in Dallas.
Oh dear. One day we wanna work things out the next we don't. This is annoying
The camera man be on super zoom all in a nigga face
Working in the garage when I get a phone call from saying she has a surprise for me.
My day off tomorrow is going to be amazing
Bout to have my headphones in for this whole class
Y ahora que me voy me das la luna sobre el mar.
Act like a child get treated like a child
I've been in the tub since 930... And I have no intention of getting out any time soon...
Left my iPod in El Segundo.
I wanna be the one to make you the happiest but hurt you the most
now this game is gonna be too fucking intense
I love love love studying nutrition but I wish I could ENJOY A FUCKING COOKIE
With Germany playing against USA at NINE tells me they are NOt going to beat USA tomorrow
What time is it? It
Will any of my friends that say that are down to visit me going to actually visit me ?
I am literally so confused?? I feel like I just woke up from death too.
god dammit if I see that picture of Bart Simpson as camron one more god damn time
Im fcking done! u.u im getting to my limit, one more step closer and my kindness will be gone...
scored! .... Game ain't over
;Mums; The Word(O)
Capitilized the C in my last since everyone seems to forget it
There's nothing worse than a kid who knows they are more intelligent than others and uses it as a means to make fun of others
Its based on the notion there will be temptation to have premarital sex. Lol
Sabes algo , quedate con mi habitacion yo me voy a otra
Armageddon always makes me cry
less than a minute!!!!!
PERSON THE PLANET? Really Kelsey omg I'm mad at myself now and I'm not deleting it cause it's too late
I'm gonna kms OMG why an I awake
she geekn she tweakin she high off the molly.
Whenever me and Kira tg somebody always gotta call the cops
What's with this kermit the frog memes though
Got a few spots for creek tomorrow hitttt meeeeeee up
Lock and load, boys
My mom doesn't know how batman sounds cuz she \"never got into that stuff\"......we're no longer related.
The lady at sweet mango just asked if I really eat four rolls by myself .....
Why is my phone flipping a shit
Don't ever give someone that power where they have that control over you. You gotta let em know where they crossed the line
Mom and I rolling a ...ball of yarn
I'm so comfortable with where I'm at in life.
Stuck on the tarmac for over an hour at . Just want to go home to my
My mom just told me that she started smoking parliaments because she liked the way the pack looked in her bag
Stop revining Rickey Thompson nobody wants to see that gay shit
Wondering if I should rename my twitter handle to \"Gigi Says\" (a la' \"Simon Says\"...)
\"if you retrieve your feelings , does it mean you never gave them ?\"
\": Thank God I'm practically going to college for free\"!!!
In with the body !!!!!!!! It's going crazy here haha
Pharell gotta chill wit these hats
Lol the freeway is what I meant
Sometimes I laugh with god about how you can't stop me
But I ain't going to trip about it lmao.
I am as sweet as sugar when I want to be, its cute and scary lol
But I'm just Domo, ion know or be talkin bout shit foreal..
Lady asked for $1 so she could get beer as part of trying to get off vodka. I declined. She said it's ok since she gets disability tomorrow
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!!!!
It's been a year and a half ...
Almost had a heart attack on my run because of a deer
Lol what's the channel for the bet awards
Elevator -&gt; one who elevates. Escalator -&gt; one who escalates
I would rather be anywhere else than this rehearsal right now.
Back to square one...
ask me if I'm alright ? nigga is you blindddddd.
THAT WAS IT OMFG
Happy birthday to our great friend !!!!!!!
Black on black tinted windows, smoked out taillights. Can't wait to go check out this Cobra today.
ithink sleeping is my fav thing to do...next to smoking weed
I need to see Kate Argent and Derek ASAP
Add me on snapchat &gt;&gt; adamcrest
Seriously time to get my shit straight and get into shape. So determined to lose 30 pounds.
why stop at corporations? tables are now people, chairs are people, flags are people. my flag is a Muslim so I make sure it points east.
Can't watch RT : My buddy must be so nervous right now. Biggest VA fan you'll ever meet. Good luck bro!
I feel like meen living I need to get high
fuck does he have a pick in his hair for?
Pete Campbell, you're a pig. Peggy Olsen, you're my hero. Don Draper, ... carry on.
It's been a hell of a week. 4 show weekends kill my soul.
I'm real I'm real I'm really really real
My friend was talking to me about growing up and everytime she said grow up i told her to buy and download paramores album on itunes
He's got that fire and he walks with it
I just edited the Newsies wikipedia page to put Ben back in for current &amp; add Damon in. I feel powerful.
Man I just had an amazing sammich
everytime we talk\nI always feel the static babe..\n\ncould be the distance
Sometimes when I walk in front of the mirror, I just gotta tell myself to stop before I give a girl cardiac arrest for looking so damn fine
Colombia is whopping some brazilian ass today by the way they been playing..
I miss you,you better be coming over after the concert on Thursday so we can stay up all night talking about how we had
I JUST WENT INSANE LETS GIOOOIOZKABAHAHAO
I like critical thinking and mathematics because they can help you in the long run. They are limitless, they are eternity. Politics is not.
forever hoping something good will happen in my life
Any one who knows me and amone in jr high . Please tell me who was always slapping drake? Amone claims he put me on w\/ this music
\": I hate when a bitch talk shit bout me lol like im some corny dirty broke bitch like c'monnnnn bruh !!!!\"
To the people working in my yard right now, I want to hit you
Live for today plan for tmmrw party tonight
Oh you ain't say CB shade iighhh pharell
I can be my self now finally, in fact there's nothing I can't be.
Putasso \" JAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJA TE SARPAS
I need to go write and get in a studio, I have so much to get off my little chest..
My flight leaves at 10pm tonight from SD and I'll be in VA 8am Saturday!
23rd no food in the fridge. EBT done ran out the Crib. now what is this, gotta do my Thizz or CPS gonna take my Kids
Viva Costa Rica y'all! that was amazing. who needs European Football? 4 life!!!
summer break is over, time to get back to the track
Slow motion for me slow motion for me *juvenile voice* lmfaoop
I have three eyes. Two to look. One to see.
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss my ass its just the renegaaade
Hey everybody text me it's only like ten here help or dm me your number
ok come on me and shaira have 2 get back to out julian thirst
Dropped off my mom at the airport this morning, now dropping off my uncle who's going to Mexico
Tbh, I miss Hey Arnold and The Ruggrats that was my shit.
No more shopping allowed for me.
Last Hellraiser. We need a new series after this.
LMFAOOO me: ahmed is there something you need to let go of? Chris and Matt: A BOMB!!!!! Lmaooooo
\": The stuff you hear about some people is so wild\"
Had to work last year and all the holidays New Year's Eve Halloween Christmas even like wtf I'm so over it
Poppy-\"gram used to wear hot pants\" me-\"what are hot pants\" poppy-\"short shorts\" hahahah
I've been having dreams for ages I've wanted to make into stories, but I finally caught one I can work with.
I just want trey to lick my mouth one time
Both lost in space, watch our souls intersect.
This monopoly game is going to go on all night lol
Watching a D-Day documentary and about to breakdown in tears at any moment.
If ya'll niggas ain't talkin bout big money what's the point?
I have a feeling that deeep down inside your the sweetest person ever and any girl would die to be with you, including me.
Where's the summer weather? I'm trying to feel those vibes.
I also just went to the gym with a buzz on and watched TED talks as I rode the stationary bike.
Hahaha so funny as shi bout to go down
Not proud of it but sometimes I just need something brainless. fits the bill.
Annnnnnd the Rockies got shutout at home :'(
Definitely coming home and falling back to sleep
the goalie didn't even move!!!
Around Stanford and need something to do tomorrow hit me up!
You get pissy because I give you a fucking compliment .
I don't even work at a bar and I still have to deal with drunk idiots
Sleeping on an air mattress is cute for about a week and then it just becomes a dumb way to sleep 8 inches off the floor.
My heart is like an open highway.
Sorry for being OA guys. Its just...... its teen top.... yknow :3
I have approximately 48 more hours left in the USA
\": Love pissing you off\" No Nigga
Comparing our definition of being a degenerate with a coworker, he starts a story with \"we were in Thailand...\" He wins
Every ones acting like they have never seen the weather in triple digits before. Feels so good to be in the heat again
Moe's queso could not be calling my name any louder rn
Note to self: don't tell a Brazilian that you haven't been paying attention to FIFA unless you want to be yelled at.
If he was recognized earlier that nigga woulda been deadly..
Well we know who's dominating this game
that was the most painful experience ever. if your doctor ever tells you to get a blood test, run out of that building. I repeat, RUN OUT.
I would blame that child for everything I didn't get to do w\/ my friend
I need to get my hair done seriously
I want some Panda Express !
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY SISTER SHE LOVES KILLING SPIDERS
Good Morning NY, check out our feature in 's article, \"The 13 Hot Startups in NYC Class\"
If you need a job text me ! Sunsets in neptune is hiring
Whoever went and cried to Daniel about my posts about him, your a little cunt so mind your own business
I'm leaving at 1 and I still have yet to pack for Lake George lol
At Carnegie Hall for . Not sure what to expect. Playbill tells me the illustrations are by Eddie Campbell. Now really not sure.
Everything Is Awesome is arguably one of the worst songs ever. Wow.
i loved u \ni swear i did\ni never meant to hurt u
Seriously leave me tf alone I dont care about your ass
My bank account is about to be destroyed these next couple of days
If it wasn't for the USA beating Panama in qualifiers, Mexico wouldn't be in the world cup...
\"My wrist need a shoutout, I'm like wattup wrist\"
\"I had to learn to say goodbye to the one who gave me the courage to say hello\"
I love my iPhone
Iggy Azalea music is catchy but THATS IT. Nothing of substance. Pretty white girl w a black girl body n wanna play rap girl. Yall love it
Vocal Fry and Uptalk Are Ruining Your Coffee Orders, According to Misogynist Baristas
Did you get sick of the shame?
Never been so happy to be home like omg
I leave in two days and haven't packed. But at least I've started laundry.
Happy July 4th, last night there were fireworks, and I thought they were gunshots, I was scared shitless
Damn, okay, from that perspective I see what you're talkin bout
i should probably go running but i just did a 7 hour shift so no
Happy 238th Birthday America \n\n\nremember cletuses, blow up the fireworks IN THE AIR not on the ground, otherwise the terrorists win.
My spider senses are telling me Pogba is gonna put in work
nick battle always rt's embarrassing stuff of me like who are u \/\/\/:
Blah, blah, blah, just jackin' their jaws, gotta let it roll off my back
It's Tuesday will should make a transformation Tuesday lolss
When you randomly start crying in the middle of the night &lt;&lt;
Shakey Graves made jokes about jacking off and also covered a song from The Little Mermaid. The perfect male.
I'm on this verge trying\/wanting to stop having sex. Celibate, but I don't think there's a nigga put on this earth that would actually wait
Goooolaso de ee uu
The love of 'Party in the USA' shows on a non USMNT match day hurts his credibility as office DJ with Opta section of MLS Digital!
Overheard on Suits: \"I may have said I eat cock for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.\" - Louis Litt. This episode is pretty good.
Well I attempted to vacuum my car
Life gets easier when you stop giving a fuck
There we go USA
Me and Owen are currently listening to 'Born in the USA' by Bruce Springsteen
What better way than to catch up with a childhood friend when u are wide awake at 1 in the morning haha
Trying to wire money. Extended ID verification + a notarized paper form. Seriously? And they wonder why people like Bitcoin.
Learning more about from Red Beard at
Can I just be back traveling in Europe?
My house a god damn animal shelter lmao
My feet are killing me. Another long day of walking.
I just wanted to let them know that they didn't break me.
6 mins until I win a bet
Jessica stole my mom's hat and thinks she's a farmer
Watch a movie or listen to music...idk
She buying me a pair of headphones now and apple headphones too foh!
Why is Andie wearing a turtle neck with a pleated school girl uniform skirt
Leg day always puts me in a good mood
Never be afraid to fall apart because it is an opportunity to rebuild yourself the way you wish you had been all along.
Hey guys my new names Jeff
Omg it's 1:30 and I want tacos my gwaddd I'm fat
I wish was free or I had an extra $1,000 lying around because this shit is stressing me out
Next person to call me lanky is getting hit by my car. I will run you the fuck over
Don't be a bitch. Just get the duck over it.
Sometimes what we want isn't what's best for us..
Thank god that shit is over
Of all days I'm starting to peel now
Marshmallow Peeps and Raw Crunchy Kale go together as a meal, right?
The language barrier in these World Cup games must be a bitch
Got my first car accident out of the way
This sketching number has texted me 3 times in the past month and every time I ask who it is they don't reply...
Why are guys such assholes, for fuck's sake. I am so done.
Bgrl u self hurry tf up now
Oh yeah, and then there's the occasional late night cannon. GAH! &gt;_&lt;
Idk Y Niggas Come At Bron Nigga Always Show Up
This episode of chowder when this nigga goes to the bank
To the kids who consider themselves above everyone else because of a team in front of your name, kys lol just be chill
Feliz 4 de julio a todos!
I'd ask my friend nick to hook me up with him but then I couldn't marry nick
Not having Internet for like the whole week made me realize how much I don't need it.
WOW, Panda!! You are just kicking ass at catching these hits. I'm starting to like this new infield lineup, even if I miss the 3 Brandons.
My family and family friends are the best, funniest, and coolest we know how to have a blast and go hard
I just hope were all eatin soon.
\": I love Betsy (:\" ahhhhh soo sweeet
Ain't nobody plays soccer with the mouth. So y'all blackstars supporters gotta stop talking
I wish he come in the house from playing basketball,
Zendaya bms, and nick cannon look like a old man
IVE LITERALLY BEEN LAUGHING BAOUT THIS FOR A FULL HOUR AND IRS NOT ANY LESS FNNY
all i wanna do is make stupid videos, and shitty music
I wonder if I'll ever get an std in my life
I literally just received an email from the House Committee on Oversight and Govt Reform saying they had no idea my image had a copyright
Deleting messages from last year. THIS IS TAKING SO LONG
why are black stars rising and strange moons circling the sky? uhh someone please make a stack overflow questio
Oh yeah? Well I got six figures in my bank account bro. $000,000.
\": thx for giving me you opinion on that fire situation. I was a worried for ppls safety\" yeah not in a cave.
1 hour and 5 minutes left
ok everyone goodnight ... speak to you in the morning
Pretty much just tweeted that as a personal notice
People who ask why you gotta get high n shit needa hop of their high horse. Life ain't perfect &amp; sometimes I just want to b lifted.
I think my coworkers are convinced it will literally kill them to be even on time, and god will smite them on the spot if they are early.
\"I heard Alyson died. She was hot.\"
Ima watch REAL AMERICAN FOOTBALL today in honor of independence day fuck that
I want to eat a whole pie by myself
I'm never been so happy and content and wanting to change to change the world more than I do now
Other countries are inferior to the US
I'm eating dinner so late :( damn you Work
I'm the most stereotypically white person I know
Yeah i think wolf tyla's extremely corny but she cute af
I know I shouldn't be angry at my parents but I can't help it. They refused to teach me how to swim.
I mean ya I'll admit no one likes me but I'm a pretty cool person to be friends with
Nico had to flash the food porn...maldito seas
I feel so out of it
I DONT KNOW WHO IS NOT FRIENDS WITH WHO..AND WHO IS FRIENDS WITH WHO...
Need to cheat on chem tm
had an amazing time at the concert last night. Can't wait for smackdown in july now
i think this fandom has made me somewhat of a pervert
THAT WAS SO FUCKING PRETTY
Everyone are bipolar at some certain point of their lives. No excuses.
I'm not your ex girlfriend if we only dated for two weeks
-_- I wish I could do something right. It's not fair that EVERYTHING I do is wrong. You'd think eventually something good would happen.
Someone for the love of Jesus make plans with me tomorrow
I'm so tired I might actually fall asleep before 1am tonight
Hasn't hit me that I'm bouta be a Tia in December. My own blood. This is generations lol
Came to babysit and baby still asleep, score! Nap time.
Happy is one of the greatest songs to ever be made. Y'all just hate it cause the radio over plays it.
u still thinking about gender grow the fuck up
I wanna go to colonie town pool
I'm tryna find the words to say\nSee, I'm a little faded so excuse my feelings
Don't tip my car over!
do u need ur id to turn in ur text books
Jermaine Jones...I'm glad he's on our side. !
I might actually be too burnt to show my face anywhere tonight
What is lil Wayne wearing
About to get back on my J-LAND flow
So my body adjusted to getting up at 5:30. DAS crazy
Congratulations Tikas y Tikos, on to the next one
I think lighting bugs have a good way of describing the hidden spark everyone has that isn't always on the surface.
\"Never forget that failure isn't bad. Failure isn't final. Don't let the fear of failure stop you from achieving the success
can I get that Amber Rose lickkkkk.
&amp; i cut a bitch off is she ever waist my time
Really though, if you have gundams - always tweet them at me.
Nick cannon is too corny for my liking.
Just eagled the 18th hole. Probably the greatest feeling ever
Why is there nothing to do in this town apart from get food and get drunk
Little bros graduation ceremony in the morning
The northeast doesn't have . Y'all have no idea what you're missing out on.
The heat kills my high , what a waste !
\": Cool ranch Doritos are the greatest creation\"
Id be a happy camper if the weather was like this on the reg
dude I can not keep doing this fucking bullshit over and over
They say 19 is too young to fall in love but me and salmon will be together 5ever (fuck you emoji makers there's no salmon emoji. Assholes.)
I miss him. I wish we banged. damn.
Alone in my zone , tell me dont it sound stunning ?
Who trying make a $70 bet that spurs are going to win? Anyone? Cmon...
Tonight is like the worst night ever
make it rain racks on racks rubber band stacks
You'll do that cause you got no DMs lol
i go and make a sandwich and usa already scored!
Monday if I'm lucky
I'm not a prude I'm just highly selective
Ever fart so hard it physically pushes you forward? Creating momentum from the expelling of gases at high velocity.... I am the human rocket
How does he just randomly know this all
Why are bitches always complaining about fans like dayum chill out motha fucka.
Nice dive nani you nob
It feels like I'm celebrating and mourning at the same damn time. \nI honestly have every intention on getting wasted that night.
Love you more than anything but I also deeply hate you \n\n
I'd be lying if I said the chicken teriyaki sample from Sakura doesn't make me second guess my alternate choice.
Setting up my 401k at work right now and I reallyyyyyyy wish I knew the slightest bit about the stock market
I want Dolph Ziggler wins the intercontinental championship!!!!
Mad or na?
have you ever looked at someone and thought \"you are sex\"
Don't you know I'm human too?
LA tomorrow for a video shoot with The GAME!!! Super excited!
I have zero regrets if I had to do it all over I wouldn't change a thing bc regardless of all the aggravation what has developed is worth it
Game of Thrones reference in Supernatural, this is beautiful.
cuddling with my big giant teddy bear &gt;
Maybe it was just bad timing and good timing is just waiting for me in the future
Someone pull an allnighter with meee
Told a Christian she should be submissive to her hubby. Outraged she said \"Where you hear that?\" \"The bible\" I replied. Col 3:18, Peter 3:1
So my dad told me to go to pacsun and was like, why do you make me spend so much money LIKE YOU TOOK ME
I could really use someone rn.
Can't watch the game so my sister is giving me the text play-by-play for the Portugal USA game and I'm dying with suspense.
I've been in nyc for ~15 min and i already want to ring a neck
gotta do what I gotta do
My parents still don't trust me..
this answer is giving me so much anxiety!
Sunday bum day I'm not gettin ready for shit and I'm going everywhere ugly
What happened to talent? Did the internet kill artistry..listening to James Brown and can't help but wonder we are all doomed..
Me Invitaron A Ver El Partido.
Sooooo someone left their phone in my bag lol
America is the LAND OF THE FREE. A leader who vows 2 bring about a fundamental transformation, then, prefers WHAT instead?
I slept like 10 hours and still feel like shit, i spent all day inside today when the weather is nice out, super super great
Country music on the beach makes me so happy
Oh how great.. They are giving me 8 hours total over the next 14 days
I haven't done tubing Tuesdays in forever loll .
I just hopped off facetime with Teyana..ooh you a fine lil' mama
What a freaking mess the Middle East is. Thanks Bush\/Cheney. Assholes.
This month went by toooo quick!
Tercer periodo, vacaciones, cuarto periodo, 2015, icfes, entrega de banderas y habemus grado.
people think you can't be sad if you laugh all the time
Two amazing teams chock full of amazing players. It's gonna be a great match
Dude checked me out in front of my mom &amp; she literally laughed in his face. Oh Sherry
NEVER COUNT OUT !!!!!!! FUCK YEAH!!!
Zana do I post the really embarrasing one
Brown sugar &amp; flour &amp; kush &amp; ur parents' disappointment
Free block party in the Stuy tomorrow....
Sometimes ya just gotta suck it up and get over it
Nothing wrong with them, they just don't fit my new car.
\": All that is gold does not glitter not all those that wander are lost. ~J. R. R. Tolkien\"
Show me your tits and I'll be happy for the day ...
I hate thinking about the past and all my fuck ups
Last night was crazy. I found some creepy shit I didn't want to.
This is pathetic
Knee deep in the water somewhere
Who's good at chemistry?!?!!
I've been at this hospital for way to long...
i hate myself for letting myself get this way.
Damn, y'all really going in on the heat. Lmao. Keep it comin. I'm enjoying this shit
No me voy a olvidar nunca de esto G.
She cook tacos and dope out the same pan . \"I seen her do it\"
I'm missing my girlfriend already I hope you get there safely I love you and try to have fun lol
don't know whether to be pissed or sad that youn niggas already got beards&amp; mustache's and I don't have shit
I think if I ever met Channing Tatum he would say \"yuck\" and punch me in the head
Half of y'all don't even watch soccer
I ended up with a line chef from one of the best restaurants in the city who has travelled extensively. Excited for a new start!
Rt for a DM to Taylor \nMbf
If you choose to take care of me when im drunk, do not complain the next day to me.
You have to wonder how many owners of closely held companies are suddenly becoming very religious.
I hate u all I just wanted to get fucked up tn
Seriously people piss me off. I'm moving to a deserted island.
My hand before God I'm calling the police every time I hear fire works on the fourth. That shit annoying.
Tired of writing on here, ima just keep everything inside
I've gone out of my way to be nice to my dad all day and he still chooses to be a dick to me
Ice cream sandwiches are heaven on earth.
Mimi 'Did he want me to put my most private moments on tape just so he could exploit me?\"
Urgh, just had fruit and greek yogurt for breakfast. I feel all new-age and hippy.
IVE BEEN LAYIN IN THIS BED ALL NIGHT LONG. DONT YOU THINK ITS TIME FOR ME TO KEEP LAYIN IN THIS BED
So Mac Demarco, Nicholas Megalis, Ry Doon, and Julian Casablancas. 2014 is a very eventful year for me.
Ok the question now is do I watch In the Flesh or Orphan Black? Hmm...
The balloon fest was the best event I went to today.
Ima hit the gym hard as fuck this week... So I won't have to jerk off n be tired as fuck..
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice
Nah im better than that. Although it would be funny.
\": killed mines with that\"how wtf
Gotta keep telling myself not to overthink
50 is hilarious with his instagram videos in my opinion \"you gonna cause these atlanta niggas to buy more guns mang\"
No but really cans I be friends with for his profile pic being Roger????
One of the shittiest days and I just wanna get drunk.
There needs to be dominos on the west coast already
Onion flavored chips are the best
I'd rather hear your voice than read your text
can't handle how excited Americans get in the cinema
Stop resisting change. Act upon your highest desire.
Hoy es noche de sexo...
Mexico won a game not the World Cup
Babe or baby has to be the real deal
A boy sized man amongst man sized boys.
Mom Y do you ruin my life
Come on one more goal!!!!
Only in New York! Free Wi-Fi has been cleared for arrival at JFK, LaGuardia &amp; Newark, but only 30 minutes will be free. Surf quickly!
When Shannon asks me to help her with social studies . to 9th grade
I don't like being disrespected. I don't have time for the games b
Matt hurry and come home )):
Currently: I have a middle seat, Mary and I are in separate rows, and we're stuck on the ground because only half the laboratories work
You say anchor . I say DOWN
Left 2 hr early to print my nametag for DLM tonight, FedEx took 45 mins to print 1 page and now the line is around the corner :(
This rain + golf cart = perfect donuts
Resisting the urge to not eat this whole box of munchkins sitting in my car that I bought for the kiddies today
Any employee of can DM me for free contraception. SERIOUSLY.
Gotta get brooks in.
If you're an adult woman and you're obsessed w\/ Hello Kitty, I automatically assume you also have psychotic murderous tendencies.
tired and sleepy are two totally different things
Rusty Mackerel made my belly happy.
mirA mnr una encuesta rapidito ;))
\"We say goodmorning from Copacabana beach where night &amp; morning blend...not so smoothly for some\"-Mike Tirico. Lol dawg who you talkin bout?
JERMAIN JONES I LOVE YOU
Let us take a moment to pray for our friends and , who are currently stuck in the Newark Airport.
Joseline looks so much better without all that makeup!!
No. Nope. I refuse. My heart can't handle more penalties.
I'm surprise that Guy Fieri is not 900 pounds. The food on that show looks amazing.
hickeys are so fucking hot why are they so looked down upon like who cares get over it
intro headline: \"...Raises worry\" Word choice: I'd \"raise brows\" questioning yr views, \"feel worried\" on yr agenda.
Nanat shqiptare: Haje buken se po ta han Suarezi.
definitely not dealing with your shit right now
Jamal waking up from that clutch nap
I KNEW HED ANNOUNCE THE DATES TODAY OMG YES J COLE I FUCKING LOVE YOU
Don't ever take Percocet for a headache.
The anger I have inside me rn is no bueno
I've been getting eaten alive lately by Mosquitos
ariana is gonna have the best birthweek of her life
You underestimated greatly, most ever how long did it really take me?
WHETHER YOU WITH THE CLIQ OR NOT IMA CLIQ UP WITH THE CLIQ AND BE CLICKIN.
Neighbors Know My Name
I won't give up on \n\n Trying to get CAMERON to call me \n\n\n\n
God bless Jillian for dealing with my stupidity
Every time Yankees vs Boston plays it's always a rivalry to me no matter how they stand in the standings
Just throw it in the bag
many people have accepted james as their lord and savior tonight my work for the lord is done
WOW. This Omer Asik to NOLA deal FINALLY fucking went down, and they didn't even have to give up Ryan Anderson. (y)
Someone teach me how the frik to do my hair and makeup so I don't look homeless 98% of the time
This France v Germany match should be good
July is lookin lovely for ya boy
You telling me it's only been a couple other people that you've been with, Ima trust you, ima give you the benefit of the doubt &amp; ima love U
On the bright side, Spain was the best team to suck really hard.
Buh-bye Greece !!
Homemade burrito bowls and guac.
I can't look in the mirror anymore without wanting to change everything about myself... I hate being so uncomfortable with myself
SORRY MOM I HAD TO GET SHAWNS SINGKE AND IT WAS WORTH IT
Screw productivity--I'm joining Ben &amp; the for booze &amp; karaoke on the bus to ! If we make it back to San Ramon through traffic...
Good tip from !! JaRule \"Livin it up\" really picked up my pace during my workout.
Walking down Broadway and I see Corbin bleau?? Hahahaha omg I died
Holy fuck it's almost July. Time flies.
And that's why I hate bitches
SPURS TOO DIRTY. TEAM BASKETBALL
David Wright scratched from today's lineup? FYRE SAYTHURR!
Losing the back of an earring is such a frustrating experience
\"but with my ego, I can stand there in a Speedo and be looked at like fckn hero\" ..one of my favorite Ye bars lol
Just need to get through rewriting this stupid paper then I can sleep finally
The next little kid that runs on the pool deck is going to be shot with a nerf gun
The new transformers is dope,I'll watch it again
Will keylor Nevas be an all hero to Costa Rica?
acabei de me dar conta que ja se passaram 6 meses OU SEJA metade de 2014
Amazon Music Prime has proven somewhat useful for having ONE song form the Gwar side project X-Cops. Highway Star for the win.
Hotels are sold out for - what does that mean for listings? Find out tomorrow or check out
Only way that could've been less surprising was if Papi hit into a triple play.
I'm ready to get up and party like why is last night not my life?
letting these bullets fly, making scrapas die
Julie Taylor's sex talk with her mom... \"It's just one body part going into another body part\"
i cant pick what to watch on netflix fuck
I need coffee and I need tomorrow to come
Can I ever fall asleep at a normal time?
I cant even run with my friends thats vrazy
I love twitter stories
I told tres to hangout so he should be hanging out soon
In the end I wouldn't trade you for the world
Having breakfast w Mr. Matsumoto and Kai!
Jocelin looking gorgeous on snapchat. Like laaaaaaawd jessuuuus !
How long has it been? Since the last time we talked.
Look at my location and sing it with me
It freaks me out when people don't close the lid to their contact solution
De Paula had himself a bounce back putting of sorts today.\n5.2 IP, 5H, BB, 7 K's\n
Can't wait to get out of classsssssss
she dead got a birthday wish from my wife smh
how did i lose all my chokers wtf i'm mad as hell
Manu just dunked over the entire heat roster. Damn!
Modern SSDs are fast enough that I can trivially generate 2.4GB in a 10 minute latency test. Need ways to save &gt;= P99 for comparison.
Marky Mark and the Sunday Brunch
You know you cool if you have emojis next to yo contact
If I don't go to Bio and Health, then today will be a good day
\": - A Scorpio woman likes to have the last word.\" UH...YES I DO!!!!!
Someone left a sharks shirt at my house.. Claim it
B u t w h y out of n o w h e r e would you say this why why w h y
Life can be so boring sometimes
life goal to finish a whole jaw breaker
I feel like once it hits like 10:00 I automatically become extremely bored
I went from biggie to etta james. Im such a weirdo
\": I really dislike how my black American friends show prejudice towards Caribbean blacks.\" I thought it was just me!!
I don't like when people wear pajamas to stores at all
Like wtf bae = bacin and eggs or bitch always eatin ?
I FEEL LIKE A BRAND NEW MAN
Adorable or nerdy? Series tied 2-2 and I'm wearing my Bucks shirt as I play as the Bucks.
And here's hate for the night: people who fuck up my plans.
Now THAT was the American way to start the game
As much as I love weed, I fucking HATE when ppl get their animals high!! Ur a piece of shit if you think it's funny or fun or cool. Ihy
Whoever just retweeted that spaghetti tweet. Smh I hate you lol
she's so pretty, fuck self pity, i feel so shitty
I could watch Lone Survivor all day long.
It's hot everyday now. Idk how I made it through XC season
but I will make myself sleep. yay good thing I can sleep in
My life is Nintendo.
I can tell I'm bouta tweet alot
Sucks I'm not going to orientation till August, Im gonna get all the shitty classes. Thank goodness I've always been a morning person!
lah,koq jd ka2 yg rese sih dhe?! :O RT : iyanih. km rese ka. RT : klah dong km sma ka2 dhe :D RT\"
Damn felt like my house just shook lol dad going crazy.
Closing a store w 5 people is A SICK JOKE
Lol dude no it's not okay too ignore me the whole fucking day and then text me like nothing happened. Like nigga are you stupid? Fuck off.
Judging by the empty seats, fans don't care too much about a rivalry with the either.
3 speeding tickets. 2 days. 1 broke bank account. Fuck.
Puttin on a Duck jersey doesn't make you a real Duck
Wanna see American Exceptionalism? Come out west &amp; poke your nose around Silicon Valley Alive &amp; Well.
I aint never seen someone disrespect a state trooper the way jeremy just did lmao
No way I can get enough sleep and still workout.
We hate when people approach us and ask us for a free album. Get the FUCK out our face!!!!
People that are reluctant to try new food weird me out.
Don't do dumb shit and you won't get locked up.
Too much spare time. I have way too much spare time.
I've always liked my women book and street smart
Awesome evening listening to at Carnegie Hall! Thanks !
You know the \"one weird trick\" is almost always reading an old Latin book and waking the dead, right?
I hate the accuses and you have the accuse already when i ask you anything your accuse already wrote for me and i just say okay never mind
I wish my girlfriend was either less hot or less annoying. If the first I could break up with her and if the other I wouldn't want to
u post selfies that you look really good in but too bad u a catfish in person lmao
The people who are meant to be in your life will always gravitate back towards you, no matter how far they wander
Like thinkin I might pick up some Ben &amp; Jerry's
Deep down inside of me, i know heavens gotta be That kinda town'
Noooooo Dal Colle to the Islanders, i like Dal Colle now i gotta hate him
4% on the 4th of July.... Amazing
Havent been to the for a week, can't wait to get there today!
Sometimes I wonder how some people made it to the NBA.
Dude I'm tired of pearls &amp; her friends stalking me, looking at my every move. Like wtf?
Ion understand how I bother anybody .. I just do me &amp; enjoy life with my loved ones . :)
Your outfit is worth more than your car but hey that's none of my business.
but that was a sick ass goal frfr. props to them
LeBron going to New York and playing with Melo
so hype for the purge: anarchy to come out in july
Let's go, USA!
This is so annoying. Like wtffff
I'm living in a world of goldfish
That's a debate I never entertained
I let time play its role. No need for me to seek revenge
My phone has been on 1% for the past 45 minutes...if anybody cares
las horas mas lindas las paso contigo amor
My fuckin shoulder is straight dead right now
AWWW he is in love with her
My drag name is Jessica Chastain.
My bonfire gonna chip this weekend
Can i just be with my dad already
Don't tell me to do one thing, then make it seem like I should of done the other chore
Carried 24-1120mm the last few days with ease.
Damn Yankees two days in row there going to lose... Losing 8 to 1 to the Blue Jays
This is one of the most confusing things that has happened lol...
At work I feel like that teacher from that movie where he's teaching all those Hispanic kids AP Calc. Can't think of the name, but yea
I feel like I'm not important anymore, and it sucks
If that half inning doesn't show you the importance of preparation, positioning, &amp; scouting in baseball nothing will
Y'all gotta stop lying it's a small ass world it don't take a detective to discover the real you smh
You could do better.
Joe Biden in da house.
Tonight absolutely killed me and ripped me apart, and I'm so thankful for that. What an enlightening conversation. Never been more thankful.
This World Cup is not looking good for Africa right now
I feel like perhaps I should hibernate for a week
Sex never have I ever with and Arlett. I love these girls
At the airport for my 6am flight to Vegas for . Lots of sleepy people here!
Ser de signo cancer debe ser muy horrible, pero mas terrible es ser hombre y ser de signo piscis.
CAMERON PLEASE CALL ME AND WE LUV YOU
GINOBILI AND LEONARD ARE GOING OFF!!!!
You know I got up at 4:45am &amp; went to work today only to find out I had the day off. That sound you heard at 6:30am was me screaming.
Manu for 3
La Marseillaise is the best anthem ever, classic french people.
I'm only 2 inches away, COME ON
I unlocked my screen to tweet this with the horizontal keyboard and I hate it
Now the fun begins! 1-1
por eso pregunto, que estamos esperando pa resolver el asunto?
I Literally Gave You The Rest Of It.. Lmao We're Dry Now RT : Thanks for the chipotle sauce come threw :3
Can't wait for this whip. Only thing I'm looking forward too.
You make my speakers go boom boom
Find something you love, and let it kill you slowly
A fucking mosquito entered my room and is annoying the fuck outta me cause I feel like it's gonna suck my blood and have babies
It's 1030 am and a deer is prancing across creek road ... Go away
I fucks wit john legend b
If I still can't afford a bottle of belvedere by move in day working two jobs all summer was completely unnecessary
I cant fucking stand when you do this.
Lil B - Caillou forever slapper
I can count to Wednesday
Dear boobies,\nStop being so damn sensitive
Reddit is 9 years old. Dear god.
If I asked you for a contact picture, you're my maiiinnn squeeeezeee
\"Does anyone remember there first booty grab?\"
22 jump street with the bae
\": I'd do anything to make you smile\"
Wtf it hasn't even been a minute
You're gone, and I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind
Stop giving my fucking number to these scam knife selling places. I have a fucking career. Fuck off. I don't wanna sell fucking cutco knives
I'm starting to wonder if you care about me anymore...
I snapchat like 3 people lol
UGHHH MY CHARGER IS DOWN STAIRS
What's this for One Direction
Forcing myself to fall asleep because my late night thoughts are the death of me bye
awwww kody ... He is a class act. So humble !
It's Shawns world she said \"what is this world coming 2\"
eres tu chamita en tus mejores momentos jajajaj
We killed bin laden... Js '
But Think Like A Man Too Handled Business
I used to like skinny niggahs ... They can't pound it like a bigger niggah tho
When Janessa says \"sorry\" to me everytime she wears blue&gt;&gt;&gt; Lmao.
John just asked if he can buy me fireball wow he made my life complete
\"...TODAY WE CELEBRATE OUR INDEPENDENCE DAY\"-President Whitmore
Witches Brew is weird because if you're seated on a couch and there are people in front of you it's like you're watching their conversation.
I just don't understand why men\/women must cheat. Also, getting a thrill out of having multiple \"hoes.\" That ish amazes me!
Asain weapon swag epic
Stay the fuck away from me, out of my life, out of my relationship, and stop causing me problems.
Who trying to come with me tonight to Philly Fourth of July Jam Concert?
Get these 2 teams tf outta here
Member daze Jeff Koons no comment but, as ever, it's
I wish you'd talk to me ; here comes the tears
Lbi for the day hope today turns this week around
Good luck getting around the land mines, IEDs, and elaborate death traps I have set up around my lawn
I suck at life
i can't change my decisions from the past. But you're not gonna keep making me feel like shit about it.
Omg stiles is finally getting some, thank the Lord
so if the board of education came to Nottingham's graduation, who came to wests'?
this lax camp got me tired as hell
Not sure if I expressed enough how much I hate
I hope I can take that AP American history classy next year
Some people just try too hard..
Thank you, Pemberton Middle School graduation, for turning my 15 minute ride home into a 45 minute ride home.
G.O.O.D. Music&gt; YMCMB
My has been constantly freezing up for a few wks now on apple tv. Anyone else have this problem?
waiting for that light to be just right.
Knew I shouldn't taken sleeping pills cause now I NEED them or I can't sleep
But like why the fuck am i still up doe?
WEIRD AND RANDOM THINGS ALWAYS HAPPEN TO ME
One thing i never had time for: games.
Albanian people always look so exotic, I love it
NESSI WITH A BEAUTIFUL POST SHOT
238 years, We still in this!
A lot of people tell me my house reminds them of a southern plantation lolol
It's funny that I'm hearing latch for the first time rn and it's a song we would jam out in my basement with everyone that came to my partys
My lil brother name is Terin which rhymes with Aerin lol
My favorite part about some of the people that act all holy and better than you is that they're just as bad if not worse
Bae When Im With You I Wanna Listen To Vincente Fernandez.
I swear to god i can speak in like 15 different accents
Bae Im 7'1 From The dick ooooooooooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!
Honestly, I'm not feeling USA's jerseys bc its blue, white, red when it should be red, white, then blue
Ugh. Still need to re-record the video...
Completely overdressed and overheated for my run today. O! Why hast thou forsaken us, ?
I have never seen kids with a lemonade stand
Damn reconnecting with my best friend rn.. This shit is crazy.
I wonder how this girl looks without makeup
I see a lot of you are watching and apparently USA is playing. Are we winning ?
You love me for everything you hate me for.
strange fact, I'm allergic to playdough
i want you to need me as much as i need you
that's just fucked up my whole night
But hey on a positive note my grandma let me come home already. I think this is a record.
Knowledge speaks but wisdom listens!!
Picked up June from work today and drove her to the gym and now getting Fiona and Niahve milkshakes and delivering them
If you think I put in less than 500% for my homies, then I guess you're just an acquaintance.
you could be my silver spring, blue green colors flashing
I wonder wut it would be like to be \"twitter famous\"
Child birth&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;taking off acrylic nails! Oweeee! This is why I'm not a girly girl!
if you got to perform 'believe me' then bring drake along fam
Okay tomorrow is my last dress rehearsal ever.... Idk how to feel about this.
Eating club crackers with a ptl.
I don't feel bad that my dad broke his arm because when I was 6 he didn't believe my arm was broken for 10 days
This valley needs more activities. This shit's tooo dry smh
I love San Fran so much this city is bliss.
Hot throbbing cock
you will never walk again,\n but you will fly.
My sex life is like a Ferrari. I dont have a Ferrari.
Today I finished my last summer course. Ever.
That movie was so good. Long AF but really good.
This is such a bad way to go out Miami like dayummmmm
Ew. Brad has been traveling since 2 am our time. He still has 5 more hours to go. He must REALLY love us!! Lol
Hope to god i never have a daughter
Fruit are the best thing on this planet
Looks like Ima dip right now... Hour away from home n I'm bored as fuck
I'm not upset at all but what's up with ?
Loving My Life &amp; The Peeps in My Circle... Happy Thursday!
Chris Kaman's old ass is making 5 Mill a year still? Smh.
Like your stomach sticks out just as much as your ass does
Wow, Community season 6 is a go. Well done, Yahoo.
I'm tired of feeling like I dont mean shit man. Fuck
I'm bored, anyone else bored?\n\nMaybe I should make up a Fuck, Marry, Kill for Game of Thrones. They pretty much do these all the time anyway
OH MY GOD!!!!
Hip Hip!! Chemistry can suck my fucking cock!!
Can somebody please bring me food to my work? Ya boy is dying.
put 18 in his been out
I honestly feel so depressed because I cant listen to the 5SOS album tomorrow.
Wow! Declaration antrene la just super super bravo wow se sa ki on direkte teknik
If you bae I'll buy you food and cuddle
love me, love me, that fentanyl it numb me. beautiful it get ugly, turn you into a junkie.
LHH he said fuck dat bitch ima put in her mouth .
Brandon A and Eric L are beast at basketball!
fit masc vgl sane athletic white neg nonscene fit clean cut discreet in good shape ub2
I retract my prior statements that FernGully was set in the Amazon as widely believed. It is set in Australia. Thanks
\": is a pussssssssssssyyyyy\" coming from ol' boy who eat ass that doesn't mean nothing.
shit ln was so bad i was trippinn ohde
John Cena or Roman lets go
Ughhhh I just need a ride to school tomorrow!
And the twitter beef starts now
1 job done, two more to go
This Kendal bitch better be real cus I'm in love
I'm not sure if it's this hot or if it's the drinks
All I need now is friends and a bottle of wine.
hj tem jogo do brasil...
china &amp; India need World Cup squa ds
i did it I got a full night of sleep please be proud i feel so proud
Keyshia feeling this song a little bit to much
If you read my messages and ignore me that's a dick move and we won't be friends
Looks like were going to penalties! vs. !!
There needs to be a MLG Draft.
Is that Derek ? Uh sort of .... Da hell?
When will I learn to take my own advice
I've never seen someone with so much homework over summer omg
Now its the ticos who will take the oranges
but they havent even started man fuck insurance
The street outside just erupted in terrifying cheers and our entire office collectively went \"WHAT HAPPENED DID A GOAL\"
I don't care if I ain't your first love, but I'd love to be your last.
\"Tiene una traba ese loco , ta re trabado \" jajajajajajaj
I couldn't do half of the math test
lost all chill its the last day of school
So gone. I can't make it to the bed. Lol laying on the floor.
I don't sub-tweet because I'm prepared to back up my statements
you shoulda been here to kick it w\/ me\nwe coulda split this whole thing up 50\/50
Anybody got a request for songs for Friday? DJ noodle arms taking requests
How I flirt.. \": a poem 4 you:\n\nda booty look fat,\nhit me w\/a follow back.\"
Hate bein inlove with someone married with kids
I hate the bet awards. It's always pure stupidity.
Felicia secretly loving this \"mercury in retrograde\" shit and not knowing why I'm telling u
the sad truth is that assholes win the girls heart instead of the nice guys.
Damn ! Pharrel is happy
Everywhere I go I see the same hoe
Wow Red Sox we blow 8-2 now
I follow more dog instragrams than human ones
to bust the bad guys maybe but AT LEAST to shut off this alarum
Stay with u pride nigga hope it keeps u company on lonely nights makes u smile happy n fucks u good damn that must b sum important ass pride
My boyfriend is the best &lt;3
Actually if every guy who's ever told me I should cut my hair short dropped dead there would be a population crisis. (but it'd be ok)
Colombia &amp; Brasil play on the 4th of July I really wanna see that lmao
I could easily beat the shit out of anyone that has their pants half way down their ass
It's so fucking annoying having my dad's girlfriends whole family here for a week I can't walk around naked I can't poop I can't do anything
Antes chicas se hacian amigas mias para estar con mi hermano y viceversa ahora chicas se hacen amigas mia para estar con mi HIJO y viceversa
Julia &amp; David should pay for my nails since they broke them
*rediscovery of the true self high five*
You'd have more female friends if you wasn't always Tryna fuck em
Maybe all three since I have do much money.
El dia de mi funeral yo quiero que me hagan un party \/o\/
Last hour and a half
\": IM NOT LUKE HEMMINGS\" omg I almost laughed at this a 4 am
queria sair pra curtir a night de segunda-feira
For better or for worse, but never for granted
I had Panera mac n cheese for the first time in like 2 months and I wolfed that fucking shit down and licked the bowl clean
It's biking season. Come fuck with the kid
\"Pearls don't lie on the seashore. If you want one, you are going to have to dive for it.\"
Y por este poco tiempo estoy dispuesta a darte el mundo.
the man w\/the bongos singing \"everything little thing is gona be alright\" on my train tonight convinced me so i gave him $2
Sheesh my timeline awfully silent
I just want to take a shower &amp; go to sleep
fuk u camp star
It's probably time for bed lol
Wordd? 3 Dates in NYC?
And you'll start to see a side of me you never knew existed.
Hella locking all the doors and closing all the blinds.
Too cut my hair short or not hmmmm..
please play problem by ft
The casts from Love &amp; hip hop been in the studio for like 3 seasons now , and the only one with an album is K.Michelle .. Somebody lying.
Going to get an oil change is so boring
I feel bad for people who have to be drunk everyday and can't have fun without alcohol present
Can't wait til this 11 hour drive is over and I get to squeeze and sniff my cat
7 days a week gotta grind till I sleep
nicole and I just got two orders of boneless wings and spin dip just for ourselves...
(The Untold Story Of Chi King) now available for FREE download online! Look for various download links on my page!
Party last night was poppin !! Tonight's gonna be too
Literally can't tell what my mom said to me was a dream or reality
Tell me why I think we can still get wiggins
Be the Don Quixote of your summer for the lifetime of you.
It's only 11:45 I'm trying to go out
I feel like if I don't go to the gym today I'm letting America down.
We were something amazing but now were nothing but memories..
Wow. These teens are graduating. Never thought I'd see that.
TOP FLIGHT SECURITY OF THE WORKD CRAIG
Niggas be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you.
ugh ugh ugh mercury is rly cramping my style this month
When I was younger I used to think that if a spider bit me I would turn into Spider-Man, but now when I see one I kill it
carol foi p escola, agr fiquei sozinho :(
What makes you better than me? Please tell me, I'd love to know.
Why can't I have normal sinuses
I always drink too much water after running and feel like Im gona die from my stomach exploding lol
Wondering if it's a boy or girl
And that's why Argentina will not be in the final
Staff meeting is now longer because Emma has to tell you to get your picture taken.
White people all dress the same for 4th of july. White polo blue jeans and sandals smh
Not the first time a country of less than 5 million has made it to the quarter finals ;)
BUT I need money so I'll just stay
My parents have spent the last 25 minutes in the toy aisle at target. Do I have to be the adult here?
\"your hair is so soft!\" Thanks bill
All my african homies are fly!
NYC can't contain the swag I'm currently dripping out
It's official never eating candy again this feeling is unbearable I can't stand it I feel sick
Z o m b i e
Tbh id be scared to sit on someone's face
Thank you compadres for everything thing you guys did for us.... Can't thank you enough
wearing a mask around so I won't catch the flu
I want the US to win but Cristiano what the hell
Could really use a workout, right about now..
The fact that walking home from school today is probably the most exciting thing I'll do this summer
Nice to see hanging out with Barry Bonds.
No matter what time I go to bed I always manage to wake up early
also the dream sequences in are some of the best storytelling in gaming. working towards the end today!
my dad actually got on the trampoline with me...birthday made
I'm AT LEAST trying to hang out with some frens. :\/
Lmao i WISH this bitch would say something to meeee. Please, let me put you in your place!
Am I the only one that doesn't know what the hell oomf means
What time are the games?
Or my dad can just ignore all me text
If hubby forgets our date to see at Carnegie, I'll just throw myself at the stage.
Admiro a este hombre fumando su cigarro.
I just really want to travel the world.
I don't wanna fall in love, I wanna fall asleep
I got taking this 3-2 in extra time. Should be a dandy.
Wish I could go to Chautauqua :\/
I Don't Dance is the sweetest song
I go back and forth on whether or not I miss cheer...
I always manage to screw something up
TBT to when UCONN won the championships. I still cry thinking about it.
I'm really mad I can't go to jakes tomorrow wtf
Neal going to music city im stunned
Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the world, the lovely &lt;3
Every show on TLC is my guilty pleasure
stupid people askin jack about his acid use like its a fuckin joke :\/
The upside of working at a bomb food place is free fooooooood
My thighs are mad define and muscular from all the walking and biking I've done in the past 5 months
Team USA made a goaaaaalllllll
This 60 minutes on Lamborghini is so dope
Why does it have to be this way.....just one if those days
My grandma is so confused by reality tv
I'm about being single, seeing double, making triple
IAM STRAIGHT UP HYPERVENTILATING IN MY ROOM RIGHT NOW BECAUSE LOOKING FOR ALASKA IS BEING ADAPTED INTO A MOVIE
150 rounds in the ooooh wop
Nice to see you were a fake the whole time I thought I knew you.
exists ONLY if you're unafraid of it.
i got my phone taken away and i missed so much god dammit
Lmao for some reason whenever I'm on my phone at night and my phone goes off I jump even when I'm expecting a text
Happy 4th! This weekend is your last chance to see Alain Kirili: Drawing in Space. Stop by 299Meserole if you find yourself in
Talk about a goal I mean
I've got some random people texting me
Your face is a 3 but your body is a 10 type shit.
Sonny Milano you're a douche for your reaction towards the girl who touched your hair.
Newspapers print more crap than I tweet and trust me, that's close to impossible
Moms being a twat, ok I'm going to make a mess in the kitchen
When you're trying to smash on someone but you get tongue twisted&lt;&lt;
Could've gone to Nepal this summer if I had asked and I really wish I did
Today has been amazing. Pride is amazing. is amazing. And the McKittrick hotel is amazing. God I love New York
If there's no way to win the game, than there's no point in even playing
\": Hey Portugal, how does freedom taste? Merica.\"
I feeeeel the drama starting already, bouta be outtie one thoudiie
Happy birthday beautiful!!!
I was going to go to the gym but the suddenly there was a burrito wow
Never a dull moment with you
Sleeping with the window open is the best
If a poster was titled \"safety prevention\" would that mean the poster was about preventing safe practices?
Nobody looks better then someone because nobody's perfect and everybody has there own opinion.
Pharrel William video of the year award. .....I was saying Beyonce.
why is it such a big deal when someone tries talking to someone new? who gives a fuck if they \"slide into the DM's\"
Because maybe you're gonna be the one that saves me
ion need to say that twice
That cupcake I just ate was a small cake, disguised as a cupcake.
Live streaming the Givenchy show in Paris kms
That was my exact face when I read that shit tho lmao
Finally caught a fucking break!! KING LEO.
I'm riding with a girl name Keisha smoking on Keisha
Looks like the plane just got clearance to leave!!
The attraction to NYC is that one can make it their city. It's not black or Jewish or French of Muslim. NY is whatever you want it to be.
\"So it this the news today? Everything America?\"
Can't wait to watch Germany vs. USA tomorrow!
When Netflix buffers every five seconds my heart shatters a little. Why must you do this to me Netflix ??
Happy Independence Day! Have a safe and enjoyable holiday!
When I can't sleep I do stupid things, like trying to re pierce my cartilage
The show switched at birth about the deaf girl is literally all silence
Trying to coordinate 3 girls in different locations to be on the same train at the and time.
Gone with the WMD.
At one point today there was this weird loop where I was eating chicken bacon ranch from Gino and joes while I also had a McDank tea and fry
Anyone down for gb or umg snd matches??
Here's to mr.Redman for making our math final all multiple choice!
my phone is on airplane mode more often than not
I had to feed myslef guys....thanks
Seriously . It's been a year of unexplained skyrocketing bills and horrible service. Thank god you're a monopoly, right?
When you're sick getting up having to make your own shit to eat or get a drink sucks
Fuck being on some trill shit
All these big red signs explaining that fireworks are illegal in this county don't seem to keep my neighbors from their nightly escapades.
Sick of being surrounded by people yet feeling like I'm all alone
Fuck stuck with a dead car battery, somebody help
She walk in with nothing , she walk out with my tank top
I love that and it's a joke I'll never stop making
I need some notifications come on! I don't like how my notification tab looks
The biggest psycho of : kamal r khan. Just watch it to see how stupid he is
She hears David flush the toilet, and hears his hand turning the door knob, then she all of a sudden scurries and lays down really fast
Don't wanna get dehydrated in the desert
Dear chest, stop pealing. I JUST STARTED TO GET A TAN. Ugh
Yung mga moments na yung mga kaklase mo tuwang tuwa sa joke ng prof mo and you were like \"joke ba yun...\" . Haha!
Fav part about waking up in the morning are those long texts that have the cutest stuff in them
Costa Rica has been a phenomonal story this tournament
Go like my insta pic to boost my self esteem
one of the best weekends of summer so far
Cable guy was suppose to come @ 8 . DONDE ESTAS CABLE GUY ?!
Love the way you activate your hips and push ya ass out
Lie detector tests in ? And music? The producers are playing up Italian stereotypes &amp; it's not cool.
\": I kinda wanna study Oceanography\" soooo dope it's a whole different world!! I think it would be incredible research
When I say 85% of the time I feel sick in some way there is no exaggeration at all
If Costly leaves I will literally go through depression
u could be my momma &amp; ill b ya boy
clearly decided ahead of time they could score from distance on Beto
Breading comes from wheat. \nWheat is a grain. \nGrains grow from plants. \nTherefore fried food is salad.
Hard summer &amp; nocturnal simple one month after another
Why why why why why why why
We waste our lives on the wasted until there's nothing left to justify, oh I don't get it
Lol Carley and Beth watched tiffs porn
My new avi goes to my tallest follower.
BLOW THESE FUCKS OUT DONT LET UP
Wow. Material design is REALLY good. Well done and the team
In the end it doesn't matter. What will be, will be. She's beautiful but if she's not interested. I'm not pushing for anything. I'm too nice
Lake Arrowhead is 5000 ft above HB. TURNT UP
I can't say anything tho Cus I participated too
Inside my room I get shit.I go out I still get shit .
Damn Mexico got Holland next!? Smh they're raw!
i don't need you i've got fifa &amp; jonah hill. buh bye
This crazy drunk man better not come near me I am not in the mood.
I cant wait to see what pherrel outfit.
Yanks playing out their skins..
Poughkeepsie thank you for being a thing
See that!? That's what freedom looks like!!
My life came full circle tonight as I watched George Thorogood take a shot of scotch in the same spot Gov. Cuomo gave his State of the State
You deserve what you want now what you settle for.
\"I FOUND THE HOLE\"
Cruising around and blasting
Officially seeing Katy Perry in September in Vegas!!
Leaving my bed in the morning is one of the most difficult parts of my day...
My brother is probably having the worst time of his life rn
I always say \"my mom said no\" when I don't want to go somewhere lol or make up some dumb excuse
Vacation Bible School June 23 to June 27 carnival theme:) Esparto Countryside Church
HOLY FUCK!!!!!!!! USA USA!!!!!
My sister bought me a huge ice cream cone.
Amazing wknd! sad it's over but so happy to sleep in a bug free zone tonight!! Mariam is currently googling why our big toes are numb!! Bye!
Maturity. Pass it the fuck on
Some people are the best. :D
Most people go to the gym to tone up and I just scoop ice cream at friendlys
\"My belief is stronger than your doubt.\" Thank you - Fall 7 times, stand up 8
I mean I find out shit but I won't let it be known till shit needs to be revealed
I want to go to bed and sleep forever.
Slow down, I just wanna get to know you.
Good night sleep heals everything .. Yesterday sucked!! Today is a new day
Just spend $135 on 1 outfit from lululemon...
Why is it so hot in this damn apartment
If you went to EDC, don't post your feels on twitter. People won't feel bad cause it was drugs
I wish Twitter Had that One Button that u push and it takes your Account Off Of Eveybody Phone who got your Account
Chris should've opened the damn show!!!!
I wish I had no self respect and posted half naked pictures on the internet... oh wait
I miss the fuck out of all my friends
Wow I got geometry for 2 periods -.-
Its june wheres the new yeezi's?
Well I know I ain't gon be able to go back to sleep -.-
Rainy start to Thursday. Yankees got that W though.
CLINT DEMPSEYYYYY!!!! USA MOTHAFUCKA!!!!!
Summer 2014 aka the summer I became a hat person
This boy DiPonzio can go to buffalo to see his girl for 2 days but can't hit me up til 11pm to do something... Forgettin about his boys
\"I'm surfing a wave of vodka on a surfboard of not giving a fuck\" -
I live a different kind of life when I am with you
Somebody gone go see the purge anarchy with me fuck the bullshit
Why you say I'm yelling when I'm whispering?
Forever alone and in bed
And i don't even like soccer....
CLINT DEMPSEYYYYYY JAHRJSBRISNRKSJRJW FTWWWWWWWWWW WITH A BROKEN NOSE USA USA
\"Why do side niggas\/bitches exist\"\nNow this the confusing part. Side mfs exist because you mfs dont appreciate the person u got.
Kool Kids Klub
Vamp life is back on , holla at ya boy
Been here for a minute u niggas just catching on
\": When I'm with you, I feel like I'm a better person. I feel happier... less alone, less lonely.\"
Ushers \"Burn\" came on and a 12 yr old next to me asked me who sings this.
When we are mindful we find greater joy in the small moment-by-moment pleasures of life, we are more fully present -Lama Surya Das
I wish I could just sleep in one day
Stoll has such high expectations for me tomorrow haaaaa she's gonna be very disappointed
Scavenger hunt: Find ice
WE WANTED TRANSITION, WE GOT IT!!! !!!
life feels so much better without technology and as an official lifeguard
and Costa Rica made it!!
Be good. Thank you. I'll be right here.
Y aparecio despues de 30 dias en el desierto. Solo queda callar y disfrutar
You'd think I'd get used to this by now
Awwe man I forgot my poncho
Officially lost my Ferris wheel virginity
I think we're like the wind and sea.
All that meat talk made me hungry
how am i still awake ?
Doesn't feel like the Fourth of July
Man we're is my weed man at what the hell
S\/o to thee one and only happy born day yung Turtle
Let's get it.... Osoarragant I'm so osoarragant
I just woke up on my bathroom floor like I went to go pee and I guess was too lazy to go back to my room
I will never understand how my room is always so hot and the rest of my house isn't
Jermaine Jones had him FROZEN!!
Just because you tatted dont mean you cute
Just saw Justin Compton at and holy shit is he huge.
and no teasin you waited long enough
Lmao nah bruh I just lightweight pissed myself
i didn't want to be alone this summer.
Steve's friend Jason has been staying w us over the weekend, &amp;hes so fucking weird. He helps himself to every&amp;anything in the apt too
I wasn't fit for it,\n\nI needed a taylor.
Rush hour on muni &lt;&lt;&lt;
\": but i guess u were never mine to lose\" that's what scares me
If Klinsman cellyed harder he'd have a heart attack
so over what's on the radio these days
Looking for the closest bomb ass Mexican restaurant rn
No white people In neshaminy talk to me now lol.
It rained and it's still humid as fuck out
Auto correct is the best when you're drunk but sucks dick when you're sober
The last time I got to see live on stage she was an apple seller in Annie. Tonight I finally get to see her again
Chile is the best South American team right now
Not tryna jinx it but haven't gotten a mosquito bite yet
Rickie Fowler please get your eyebrows waxed.
Don't let the beautiful things in your life become habits. Reflect on them, appreciate them. Habitual behavior is a cousin to apathy.
10 you make of me and my height on constant basis i hate you jk
Excited for my son's 5th birthday party and my all girls beach party.
When you take fabulous nudes then remember you don't have a boyfriend
If anyone is wondering, I'm an asshole.
But hoes gon' be hoes so I couldn't blame Tammy!
Or is are 3day weekend next weekend?
\"I visualized that goal going in\"
whoever leaves their iphone charger in lumber is the best
How I feel about things vs How I feel about things
idk why people think it's okay to joke about suicide and self harm. It's a sensitive topic for many people
They shouldn't even make it this far
Lowkey have to give it up for Howard.
I jumped out of a plane today. What did you guys do
My greatest happiness is being with you.
I have no room in my life for \"friends\" who talk shit about me to my best friend. Like are you dumb
Moving in to a new place tomorrow and getting ready to sleep on hardwood floors oh yes.
might e not 8 but its a ballgame. sorry to those who stopped watching and missed it
\": If you can't do great big things, do great little things.\"
putting all else aside &amp; try to remain mutual &amp; get along with no personal strings intact is what's best...
Just retweeted a kermit pic bc it was legit funny. Them other joints be dumb af.
Fuck multiplayer on BlackOpsI man, I'm only playing zombies for that game.
I miss everyone on the east coast so much. See you in two months!
i forgot to tell y'all how i cried my way out of a ticket today.
\"finish the job\" is an interesting thing for a starting pitcher to say to a reliever when he hands the ball over to him w\/ 2 men on base
really wanted to attend vidcon :(
happy birthday america, now lets get drunk
When u r pretty sure cute girl has bf &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Why I'm I such a dick?
There's 10 people at my house let's relax now
Partyy hopping at it's finest with Ro and noble
Damn! Altidore goes down!
I think brazil can honestly lose today. They havent impressed me, but we gotta see. Teams change by the game
So you can be a softer, smoother, more beautiful little armpit...... What the hell has this world come to?
Wow. Bachelors in a sauna together. A very homoerotic moment.
We make up a perfect equation.
I missed her by like 45 fucking minutes or something. I am so fucking upset
Seriously though, if i can't see the band boys they can at least remember me for my sass.
It's not the worst thing I've wished on you
\"If a doesn't like you, they can feel like they want to slap sh*t out you when around you, but will still manage to act calm.\"
Dare I say Juice Shack is better than Jamba Juice. *closes eyes and waits for backlash*
But why she ain't thank Her mama Madea???
my bad habit is picking up other peoples bad habits
The City is endorsing the protection and growth of small businesses. Apparently small property owners are excluded out of that equation!
Portugal is just diving out here
Wish I had a god damn car so I could hangout with my friends and not have to sit home all day everyday.
I wanna watch but my MacBook charger is too far and my iPad won't connect to my wifi
So I heard Deorro is retiring and his edc set was his last but he is on the tomorrowworld line up..... soooooo.....
My life is full of people opening my snaps and not replying
how the fuck is green day on 50 cent pandora
Aquele momento que vc descobre que eh um troxa, enquanto todo mundo ta na on the run, todo mundo que ainda vai e vc ai apenas twittando...
Exactly why I don't tell you anything.
Don't focus on bringing people down, you should always start your day aiming to compliment at least one person
I believe that life is a prize but to live doesn't mean you're alive
\": NP- SHABBA RANKS \"BEST BABY FATHER\" \"
can't wait to have my own home where I can just walk around naked
It's okay not to be okay.
This nigga James better put in work
I can't wait to see my bestfriend
It is another one of those SF Pride celebrations I won't get to celebrate and be proud of. I am out but unloved. :(
I haven't talked to so many people in awhile
I love life
Untrained boys don't step in the ring with Mike Tyson.
Crying because I wanna be in a Disney movie
fingers in the sky banging my gang .
I would love to know why french manis don't dry I've been to the salon 3 times this week to fix this one nail and every time it gets ruined
Vickie Guerrerro is fired!!! Holy crap!!!
I can't remember to forget you 8*
put your hand on my hip cause you know that I'll lose it
Worst thing in this world is seeing an old man cry
I'm taking Dolph Ziggler to win the contract ladder match.
Come to the Canyon Hills pool with me and mason and all the other minorities
To lady why are you on the phone in the bathroom?
Nice curveeeee hell motherfuckin yeahhhh let's gooo! Now turn this game around
Welcome to the world, team !!!
How does a dude have like 5 or 6 bm's? I mean I got 3 kids but they have the same father... But my ninja 6 BM's???
I dont know how people make acoustic videos, its the hardest thing ever. I do better singing live in front of a person than a camera
OMG nothing pisses me off more!
LRT I am cryingggg
If ur a fan of and u live in Sacramento . Please tell or any radio station to play his first single
I used to call Madonna mama ... Because I've never had a father.........
I love the smell of sea salt spray!
I fucking have butterflies knowing that I might meet austin and kiss him finally this trip I have butterflies and DMSNSNSN ughhhh
I want to take a nap
the gladiator days were the shit.
The Older You Get The Quicker You Spot Bullshit..
Sometimes I jus don't wanna talk. I jus wanna lay next to u..n fall asleep.
I can understand why people with iPhones don't text back
Musa Played Just As Well As Messi...2 for 2 Good Job
It's not even 11am and I'm planning on my after work booze.
I was supporting Neverland but Mexico got robbed..
I love the American goalie! He's sick!
Son, Pharell really got a hoodie &amp; Uggs on right now lmaooo
Moms came thru lol high asf
Grill malfunctions at Chipotle? Can't serve food?! Excuse me while I go cry into the burrito I don't have!
Why is it cold!? It's summer!
My x my daughters mom finally let the kid see his big girl .love you anngelise
Bra this nigga robin thicke got a video new video begging for Paula too come back he really pussy whipped lmao
\": I should be banned from wearing bikinis\" me too
\"I only put out good vibrations I don't even see the lows, tunnel vision to the paper I don't really need you hoes. But if I like her energy
Today's a great day.
Happy 4th of july ! \nfollow me on instagram @ spellbyndaz
We all still playin tomorrow?
fans defined. People who nvr watch a single game all season but find the need 2 pack a bar &amp; scream 4 teams they kno nothing about
U.S plays so simple and I love it
I'm not gonna lie...when I see USMNT, I think of TMNT first, rather than soccer. But, I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing...
I'll snatch bitch esophagus out if they fuck with me and I'll catch them slipping
None u mufuckas gotta inhaler? It's bad
I need to start selling my hoop shoes. I have to many.
it's real easy for me to move on
there we go usa
ASHTON IRWIN IS ONE OF THE CUTEST PEOPLE TO EVER EXIST SO IS CALUM. AND MICHAEL. AND LUKE.
People come into our lives for a reason.
The chances \nof you and I\ngetting out\nof this party\nwith our virtue intact\nis a virtually remote fact\nThe fragility of morality\n
I really don't know why I just bro'ed
this blue berry Greek yogurt pop..is poppin
What a start as I tweet that
Would love to be a cameraman at the World Cup.
'And I lost my faith, in my darkest days,
MONEY ISN'T EVERYTHING IF YOU CAN GET IT AND NOTHING IF YOU ALREADY HAVE IT AND PLENTY IF YOU DON'T NEED IT~(THAT'S NO BRAG...JUST FACTS)
Oh wait, it's a Monday morning, that's right.
I had a fantastic time at Stunt with my best friend.
My brother and I was riding yesterday and I saw some work nigga told me to keep my eyes forward .. Am I twelve or nah ?
Maradona es mas grande que Peleeeeeeeeeeee
PEANUT BUTTER AND ICE CREAM? TOGETHER???
The fault in our stars, 22 jump street &amp; Transformers .
how id love to keep you here with me baby
Lmaoooo I'm not even gonna front I met my first love on a social network but nigga said vine lmaooooooo
&amp; why did a fish market just tweet at me..
When life gives you lemons... squeeze it into your water! It's a natural fat burner.
Gotta wake up for this USA game tomorrow no exceptions. I'm gunna slap myself until I'm awake
n o t h i n g to watch on netflix. anyone wanna ft?
And the fat keeps rolling back to me... Lol see what i did there?
Whenever I see someone in a cartoon show watching cartoons I wonder if they're seeing it as live action
You never fucked w a thug?
If I dont have a meeting with my guidance counselor tomorrow I will end the year walking through the halls crying lollllll
Nick cannon why u look like an old piece of no
wow. this is the end. we really lost it
I'm not doing anything, I have no friends lol I guess I'll study for this final
You'll be hoping you were shooting with me in the gym
I spent like 5 hours at the beach today why am I not black
Probably one person that's happiest that's not even a spurs fan
the day I stopped using tagsforlikes was the day I became a woman
Boscia's gonna get hit when i see him
I wanna go to canal side tomorrow
But for now it's only Eye on some Cyclopes ish.
So we go from a hate match, to a test to a jizz convo, to a serious matter like google plus? What
Alright dude you got hit in the nose just get up no need to stop the game for 10 minutes
I'm dead ass bout to go swimming in the bath tub this is odee.
I'm in dire need of some really good pictures taken of me and god forbid I post it on Facebook because my mom will offer to take some. Lol.
So much music I have yet to catch up on
One minute I'm a little freshman and now I'm gonna be starting my senior year soon
TRUE BLOOD TONIGHT
Wolfe of Wallstreet with my lova
So disrespectful,but so lovable.idk how that makes sense but thats how i feel about you
Back to Sleep I go haha
Can we get the camera on and please?
42' ITS WAVED OFF! Brooklyn put the ball in the back of the Red Bull net but the ref waives it off for obstruction
Oh Chile u have 16 followers lmao no wonder you're in my mentions your timeline is lonely as fuck
She's the type of person that you don't want around because she's just going to ruin everyone else's mood
people are so fucking annoying to me all of a sudden.
One tree can start a forest. What can you do?
OH \"I am crazy go nuts bananas.\" cc
Your 2nd place
Working out like crazy until I see my collarbones again
there's just a point when you have to ask yourself \"was it all worth it\"
Driving down 2nd ave as USA scores, you can hear the chants from every bar we pass.
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN (????????)
Tom O'Neill Tuesday ruined by none other than...Tom O'Neill.
This bitch is yelling at me. Don't yell at me ill cut your bitch ass
I started to really like someone. Lol, it's stupid, like why lol
If u think u can scare ur wrong! He's not anything like u snakes! He will iA bring 2
Fun fact: I was born in my living room
Awesome my family left me at the hotel so now I'm randomly driving through NY in a cab with no cell phone. This is gunna turn out great.
She is like houdini, but a brat about it.
Niggas say they real, but they be actin funny...i don't trust these niggas i don't trust these bitches
Maybe I should be a man whore
Okay maybe I'm exaggerating a bit, but I did get sun burnt.
\"Planes are cute\" - Jetlagged Caley
I'm officially going to sleep and signing off bro omg
Navarro will be found out. Jack will be the head of CTU again. And when the FULL season begins, they'll deal with the Russians and Mark
Say it ain't sooOoOOoOoo
Allies mom \" I know how teenage parties goes its nothing but sex and ruffies\"
Gyan so hyped up man
I sucked all the cream out of my creamsicle and then it fell apart... idk I didn't know that's what happens
We of the eternal\nnocturnal crew\nGhosts abandoned by sun light Forever chasing rainbows at night To reclaim the beauty\nwe once knew
Happy Birthday to the United States of America
Im Just Imagining How Next Year I'll Be A Senior &amp; Going Off To The Service
Some girls be having the nigga out here lookin stupid.
Plot twist I'm a Teen Wolf
I'm don't and fucking tired of everyone's shit
my summer has been complete shit so that's fun hahaha
I'm suppose to meet the mayor tmrw . Maybe I should have been sleep smh .
We can take it slow,or act like you're my boy Let's skip the basics ;) (8)
Spraying myself with bug spray before bed I'm not playing any games tonight
Am I the only one that thinks Chicharito isn't all that attractive?
The overwhelming feeling of emptiness I get when I'm just about to fall asleep is unreal
GOAL BY DEMPSEY!!
gotta money fetish ima fly to venice gotta big house i could play some tennis
Right up the middle !
Where do we go from here
I thought it was 2....
\": There comes a point &amp; time when you just got let shit go &amp; ignore it\"
How publicly sexual can I be towards on here before it's inappropriate?
86% Girls are fucking lunatics lmao
I feel you so hard Serena, fuck Vanessa. Shit.
I swear people be acting like they don't know
Birthday dark horses this is how we do. Calling it. Its gonna happen.
I want Cameroon to win so Mexico has a better chance of moving forward
if you haven't prank called 867-5309 at least once in your lifetime you have seriously failed humanity &amp; also have shit music taste
Helping my baby brother with his hw made me realize I could never be a teacher lmfao
Why is time going soo slowly
My tire popped and I'm bummed.
Camper: Today I felt like a balloon floating to the sky with no strings attached to it.
well cena they do control you lmfao hahahahaha at triple h \" chill homie \"
Oh, I need a good coffee..!\nBlue bottle coffee or Stump coffee or..?
\": gotta keep some in the bank tho !\" U got racks like a grocery store doee
Lmao that was funny. I was like oh shit
NO DEMPSEY WHY PLS BE OK
if drake isnt playing on my phone it's bachata
i miss fires, hanging out, and falling asleep at sunrise.
Oh so you don't snore? *Hits the record button*
De La Soul \"Breakadawn\" so damn dope...that MJ sample is phat
My Pride Group is getting hella creative on what we're going to wear.
Im done with you.
I mean she okay, but she ain't all that
Goodbyes suck but people come &amp; go. Excited for future hellos
I see has decided that corporate \"rights\" trump again.
un zapato de justin te quita el virgo wn
Also, people here must not believe in \"leg days\" which is a shame.
to com vontade de comer um brigadeiro
That shit irritates the fuck out of me. Fuck with my friends and you'll feel the wrath
DEMPSEY JUST GOT FUCKING NAILED
98 on the comp final? dope
Just kinda lost in the world
\": i love helena racist ass lol\" damn thank you
Great game spurs. Funny thing is that the bigger story will be them losing than the spurs winning
GGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLL! Clint Dempsey kicks in the goal for lead! 2-1
I despise ppl who wear bow-ties
El envidioso inventa el rumor\nEl chismoso lo difunde\nY el idiota se lo cree
10 to 5 and i have to be up at 7
Damn, is a cutie! Haha love my !
I like the song 'Landslide'. Both popular versions actually but turn them off on the radio because come on time and place for that song
Happy July 4th! Join us for FICA games. Door opens at 8:30am.
A Harley ride was the perfect activity for today
Every little thing about highschool is unfair.
You can root for whoever you want, but when it comes down to it there's only one country that matters
Lost in my head, I'm goin here, I'm goin away for a while
\"I think he's so miserable cause his wife is either fat ugly or cheating on him\"
Was able to gather some autographs before &amp; after the SWB game today.... So that was pretty cool
My clean car makes me feel some type of way
Today when I opened my eyes there was a beautiful smell in the air and a brighter light shining through my window. Victory will be ours
Does anyone ever like someones instagram picture on accident only to unlike it hahaha.
People complaining about the feed on the ? Mine is perfect on Playstation 3.
\"I was so busy \"looking\" for love that I almost missed it.\" - Words of Wisdom.
Watching and saw a walk in closet that's definitely larger than my bedroom.
The struggle to find someone to cover me Sunday so I can watch the game
Christian is here tryna get me to make cookies. Bishhh do u know what time it is?
: Bomb squad investigates suspicious device on Beaumont in the Richmond Dist. in SF. Nearby residents have been evacuated.
Yall need to stop complaining bout gas. I have a V8.
Some amazing GOSPEL Nominees tho congrats to Tamela Mann!!!!!
This nigga jean look like a potato in the second vine
Thought \"wow I should probably use the restroom before the museum closes\" AND THEN ONE APPEARED
Seriously. The \"couple sharing the same Facebook account\" thing is really annoying.
Greece... Sigh... Clearly I'm bad luck for whatever team im rooting for. :(
pensei que ele iamandar foto de putaria mais eh um video muito fofo
When your room is so dirty that you close the door when you leave so that mom doesnt see&gt;&gt;
My Mom the 1st time I wanted a shirt from the \"boys department\" at the store: \"Get it. That color really brings out your eyes!\"
I'm going. About to graduate.
Sext: you're gay and addicted to drugs: marry me
Gooooal in 30seconds!! Hahaaaa
Could have possibly just worked at Friendlys for the last time! It's been a hell of a 6 years but thank you!
MESSI IS TE BEST PLAYER HANDS DOWN
90 degrees and a broken AC in my car is too much for me to handle right now
plans canceled now im stuck with nothing to do -_-
Can someone explain to me what parts if the cow are kosher? Can they just not eat the back? Do Jews not eat ass for religious reasons?
Imma work at Starbucks so they can pay my way through grad school
Backpacks are really good watermelon holders
Okay I lied I'll tweet 4 more times and then I'm off for the nest couple hours
The fastest I have ever seen any team score
SPOTTED POLICE CHASE OUTSIDE MY WINDOW OKAY ITS LIVE
Like don't you want to be represented better then with sleazy player?
So proud of myself. Won the FIFA tournament today
TDA's swing looks much better, this is a good thing.
it's pathetic that this mom is calling a random 14 year old a bitch. this KAM concert is insane and not worth it
Lmao tonighttttt was the definition of uncomfortable
As soon as things seem clear the lines start to blur, so hold on to what it is not what you were.
If we only talk on social media &amp; don't text we aren't close &amp; it stays that way
Prende la hookah
I wish I could do better by you cause that's what you deserve.
HOLY SHIT GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLL
\"remember when we saw the fault in our corn stocks?? wait that's not right\"
Thinking about moving to Canada no lie!
Crazy how many people I don't fucks with back home
going darker before I lose my mind and go back blonde
I'm so tired of the usual
But she lost yesterday RT : Serena win every year.
A part of my was operating under the assumption I had some hidden softball talents...well I don't.
about to go to bed at 10:00 at night bc I honestly just can't deal with anything tonight
Some drunks literally just talked hella shit to me for \"hogging\" the stall to change for work at my place of employment
I feel like the power goes off in Wade's way too often, yet would you expect anything else?
My eating habits in the last 4 days have been horrible.....
&amp; Ima love him til he be like \"that's enough\"
Like why text me if you're just gonna leave in the middle of the conversation
\": bro absoul just drop his shit !!!!!\" Bruh I know omg !! I've had it for like 4 hours now
Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!! Let's goooo!!!!
summer reminds me of how many friends I don't have
When I need a good laugh I just scroll through twitter feed.
YESSSS BYE PORTUGAL !!!
I am up so early I could technically dial into our networking meeting!! Need sleep!!
my feet are so fucking big lol, size 13 chillin bruh hahahahaha
My boy mr. Brown tho &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
When a girl falls in love w you she gonna stalk thru every females profile you mention just to see if she look good enough to be a threat
Looking at all these old conversations in my phone and dying like o m g
Life is nothin easy , but that's no reason to give up
the real question is who baught them the vuvuzelas?????
Come scoop ya boy up in queens we'll have a good time
Dwayne Wade's true colors have finally shown. with his effort.
I have a penthouse in the city and I'm socialite... In the Sims.
seriously considered buying like 6 bottles of Baja blast at this walgreens
dude I desperately need to visit some of my Iup friends. everyone lives so far wtf
I've lost respect for women. I'll still hold doors and shit like that but as far as I'm concerned they don't deserve my respect anymore.
Tuckahoe niggas play ball different
I wish I didn't care so much.
All I want to do is just chill and have a nice dinner with my family .
CR showed a lot of guts. Most every kick was sent hi where goalie had no chance, but easy to sail it over.
Like how tf do you get \"famous\" and have \"fans\" for lip synching??? IDGI!
Congratulations to Costa Rica on their win against Greece! Yes!
I'm not gonna come over for just a nap. I'm coming over so you can cook me some real food. That's friendship lmao
\"Every kid deserves a bed!\"
Knowing you are saying goodbye for the last time was the best but saddest birthday present
En serio he buscado el TT y me ha dado asco , pena , rabia e impotencia de que alguien pueda pensar asi
Only my sister would ask me to run around New Jersey to look for a frikin soda not sold in ct, a frikin soda!
Somebody ever annoy you, and just press your buttons so much over n over that u just wanna sock the life outta them.
Hopefully not live \": The first voice I want my child to hear as he's being born is Mariahs.\"
Not gonna lie the only place i feel truly happy at is at work
Fuck you, like I actually hate you.
Got bored and made my cap rlly ugly and i regret it now oh well
go home. Thanks to the players who participated in the -Catalans especially- you didn't win cause you weren't united.
Yah mans gone and you dont miss him.
Everybody remembers it how they need to - Jersey Boys
I love and hate it when I pull my car too hard in 2nd or 3rd my ipod disconnects.
I really don't care what you and your friends are doing. You don't need over a 100 second snapchat story.
I know the BET Awards are bout to be lame, but you know I'm bout to watch em.
this bra is getting uncomfortably right, maybe my boobs are gro... nah nvm i doubt it lmao
It always takes me so long to actually fall asleep
ANDI WHAT ARE YOU WEARING RIGHT NOW YOU NEED HELP.
but beyonce and jay should of won thou FOH
Pq abracei a causa e o problema invadi a briga de cachorro grande , ja botei pra rolo meu esquemaaaa
Bitches be on here siding with niggahs about everything but be at home mad af some niggah played them like yesterday
I change like the street cause it got seasons
I CABT VRARTHE SHAWN READ MY COMMENT AND SAID ANBER I LOVE YOUSNWHVWVEG
\"Aly do you know what they do to people like you in prison\"
Why am I awake I have to be up early
i feel bad for my baby shes tryna love king &amp; hes not payin no mind to her lol
Fucking with him is like having another kid
this weather is like your face \nnobody likes it
Kayla doesn't talk to me when I'm at her house
Fuck all you bitches hoes and thots and all these fu fu lame niggas they aim trynnah hold a nigga down with some plans
I do not wanna go to work.
ONCE I CLEAN THE HOUSE, SHE COMES IN AND MAKES EVERYTHING MESSY LIKE ARE YOU SERIOUS?!?!?
\"your mind is like a parachute, it only works if it's open.\"
\"My whole life is a booger bubble\"
My alarm was supposed to go off at 4am. It did. But I slept through it. Whoops.
can you answer your door
Just got home from work...so the beach in a few hours should be interesting...
It is super weird to see thunder and lightning once again
I MISS PLAYING MY RECORDS DAMNIT.
The fact that they play daughter and father in the Tyler Perry movies but they are actually husband and wife is mad weird ..
Mike devito is my bro yo lol
caught up on from last night - is an idiot... that's all I have to say
Im glad she was able to help me out, last minute too since my person bailed on me smh
I wonder where all the Christians go when them bad words gehn fling
Est. July 4, 1776. \"life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.\"
My dog pants in his sleep aka annoying bc I'm the lightest sleeper
i hope ya'll know i don't watch any of your snapstories (few exceptions) i just tap until they all go away :)
Looking forward to later.
I should give him some form of THC
1\/2 \"The ACA's contraceptive coverage requirement applies generally... it trains on women's well-being
And that's a broken nose
Am I seriously debating going to sleep at 6 on a Friday? Yes, yes I am
I loathe AKA Russell Brand and his ill informed political opinions so very much.
Girl, be yoself ain't nun wrong w being ratchet.
Jermaine Jones is a BEAST!!
Shutting the world off with this headache I have tonight
I JUST FINISHED WATCHING KILL LA KILL WHAT DO I DO WITH MY LIFE NOW
That was easily one of the best messages ive received in a long time.
I just wanna go home rn
Stress on the AS FUCK lmao
I don't need you to make me happy, I'm good on my own.
You know that I'm the reason people lock their doors. But I got nothin but time so imma wait on the porch.
Not even in a party mood osr .. Might just stay home .
What's a life with no fun? please don't be so ashamed.
Reached 15K On Instagram Not Bad Not Nad lol
Because of my fitted jeans and well groomed appearance I have to constantly flex to show I'm about it
NO WAY THAT USA GOAL
They're having fireworks at the Brooklyn bridge tonight &amp; I'm gonna miss it. What the fuck. My favorite place in New York.
Dempsey!! Captain fantastic!!!
I don't need this rn.
I want a new pet so I can name it shithead. But it's pronounced (sha-theed)
take a seven hour nap, wake up seven minutes later, this the greatest drug the seventies has ever fucking gave us
Leftover Chinese for breakfast is a must
zamn people still talking bout that
Made a lot of good friends baha.
God work kicked my ass today
Get fucking hyped for Teen Wolf you guys
\": A perfect relationship is two people never giving up on each other.\" !!!
Dimitrov and Djokovic are tied at 1 set apiece.
Fuck I just got a full on Mohawk. Damn barber lol
No lie, I'm about my money... But MONEY will never come between me and the ones I love. I MAKE money, money DONT make me.
But honestly nobody understands how excited I am to spend a week w\/ only
Glorifying sexual assault for retweets, is this how far we've fallen, Twitter?
Next interview monday okay i got this, hopefully i get the job!
still love Karnezis and the Greek team, it was anyone's game
There is no better time of the day just concede defeat and sleep than when you misspell your own name.
something about him , prolly can't live with him .
I'd literally tell them to fuck off. Like let him beeee
Twerk Miley Miley twerk twerk Miley Miley twerk
Being a gas attendant is not very fun .5hoursleft
As much as I said other wise your still my bestfriend
Contemplating whether if in fact I should love all my curves and all my edges, all my perfect imperfections? :^\/
how do you have the audacity I'm in shock tbh
I'm done emojis but I'm only doing them to ppl I fuck with.
it's ten minutes to 7 am fuck this
The shift hit the fan.
Lady gaga and MJ have been gaming us this whole time
I want my truck back like tomorrow!
I'm happy everybody being so REAL on social media
Nani is a pussy
I love that when I composed my last tweet my phone autocorrected Jigga to Higgs.
Angry pizza joint owners are pretty great.
Funny how you look like my mother, and have my sister's name....
My back starting to hurt this drive too long
I'm not afraid of commitment. I'm afraid of committing to someone who won't commit to me.
When you have a day so shitty you consider a career change
I'm legit gonna miss on RHONJ... But I'm excited for manzod with children.
This is futbol world best sport
If you have your full name as your twitter name I don't trust you
I wish Canandaigua had a Panera. Then I realize it's Canandaigua &amp; we can never have nice things. Except for Wegmans. Wegmans is wonderful
For some reason I'm extra happy right now
Well locking my keys in my car this morning was not what I envisioned-- thankful for AAA.
Attempting to swim slash surf for the first time. Wheres my donut ?
To my fellow Vets, and all who make this the Land of the Free, we Love Ya and Happy Independence Day!
I think I'm dying idk
Wanna get this job at Modells bad
To be a champion, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.
this is what happy feels like.
Hopefully this is my last weekend of me being a hermit.
I always get dumped near my birthday like if you don't want a get me a present lol
If you're still concerned about what your ex is doing, you're not over them!!
\": Tamela Mann crying like she just lost in the NBA finals lol\"LMFAO
I used hella energy in that and it feels hella pointless
Bum ass nigga bush
I must watch Virgin Territory lol
Im one of the most fucked up people you will ever meet.
All ive been doin is being loyal, faithful and honest. What more can i do to prove that.
Best insult ever: \"Your birth certificate is actually an apology letter from the abortion clinic.\"
We straight up juist ate a block of mozzerella
I WANNA GET BALLS DEEP\n\ninto a meaningful, loving, long-term relationship
I be like J Cole in that Power Trip video.
All my expectations for with summer have been ruined so I honestly don't even know what to expect of it to be like anymore.
I need a job asap rocky
Fully equipped cd changer wit the cell.
sneaking into Oscar's office \nFind that file!!
Have to go with over today. France doesn't have the strongest track record of defending against them
wish valerie solanas was still alive so she could shoot warhol again, fucking hack
College World Series is really making me wish PC had a baseball team.
Everyone deserves to know what it feels like to be in a growing \"romantic friendship\", and learn to enjoy someone as they are and then...
Gotta love waking up to Fran's radio alarm that's playing turn down for what
Logan Morrison and Robinson Cano are now tied in home runs. Let that one sink in for a little bit.
THAT ALWAYS HAPPENS IN FIFA
Just got drenched by 50+ gallons of water on a walk with and I couldn't be more ok with it
I put it all on twitter bc if you care you'll check my twitter and see it, and if you don't care, you won't see it
Titus O'Neil is money IMO. He should be in the MITB match for a title shot.
i want a boyfriend but i don't want a boyfriend.
I watch children's shows at night to relax my brain... Adult shows are way too heavy
Me: Kate, what do you want for breakfast? \nKate: Hot, new celeb.\n\n
Just think about me when you hear this song.
Y'all see what I'm saying? Scary ass bitches. We got one who has everyone fight for her. We got two dumb hoes then an ugly nigga and a adult
Thinking back to the days\n days it all made sense,\nWhen you could breathe \n As easy as you could\n see...
Loving 's tirade on tonight
Back in the US and the first thing I do is buy an extra large diet coke in dollars holla because we go big in this country
Hit off to little bobble over to for the out
Oh look I've been working for 12 hours
Well that was a good few days while it lasted
I like blowing smoke in my blanket so I can smell my weed while I sleep
Why does everyone post a pic of every clip they smoke smh
I respect that substitute by Bosnia
Maxxie is so adorable a w
those instant withdraws you get when bae leaves :(
\"We've brought an ALPHA\" ~ Stiles (Teen Wolf litt right now!)
10 bucks says Biden thinks the US are wearing white..
I want to go to a renegade so badly
Y MI MEJOR AMIGO ME OLVIDO POR COMPLETO :c
All my sneakers have clear bottoms and it's raining so I can't go out
Have to get my workout in tomorrow!! Haven't done it in a few days. I feel huge LOL
Lo que yo decia que en registro civil deben de estar hasta el conio de ella
Dawn basically said money over morals. Really? When did that become okay to say aloud. Terrible message, kiddos.
Why the green lip gloss?
August Alsina dat papi is winning
This may be the only day I ever root against Ronaldo
My last 15 mins of employment!!!!!!
So tired. Can't I sleep in your arms again
What doesn't kill you makes you smarter
Easy ass day at work
Im black as fuck rn
What the hell are you even talking about no one cares
Fell asleep throughout the x men movie
I'm pissed off right now. I need a brand freaking new white comforter now.
If she doesn't introduce you to her fine ass friends you don't need her in your life
BAE PLEASE BE 2\/12
One day will reply to my \"I love you\" tweets
Atleast I know where I went wrong, And I admit it, No one else can do that shit
MY NIGGA DID A SKELETON JUST MOVE BY ITSELF
Bouta wash my sneakers im soo bored
I'm done man.
Holy shit what a game
I can't help but pass judgement
Know what's glorious? Getting up to go to the gym and not having to check the temp or put on 572 layers. I LOVE SUMMER.
Idk how I got my diploma
Salad fingers-Spoon is the most wild shit I have ever seen.
Don't expect respect from someone if you don't even respect yourself.
It's like Antarctica in this room, such bullshit
After I broke my nose I went right back in... Get back in the game. We need you!
Just saw a straight couple holding hands but decked out in rainbow attire... I don't get it?
Ashanti is gorgeous and all but why her titty dem affi outta door?
One more episode of Korra left I can't handle this
Watching the . The whole premise seems a bit...daft.
I love Paige. That was a great match IMO. Only match that's left for me is the ladder match.
well apparently there's gonna be a hot new guy on teen wolf and I'm completely down for it
s\/o to nearly knocking myself unconscious on the toilet paper dispenser and nearly dying in a California bathroom
Take advantage of drunk text question opportunities. They are so important.
Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry ya anyway
I have no idea who I'm talking to rn lmao
I literally question everything
Can't wait for Monday so I can be surrounded by people who talk out of their mouths, not their asses.
I got pushed by this Spanish lady behind me in line at the Greyhound station because apparently I wasn't moving with the line quick enough
Feeling pretty coo of that 40 though ha
Well earned . Enjoy the history. What a gutsy effort with 10 men for 53 minutes.
Helluva game A's
Everything is just such a mess
Qe onda xq tomo mundo twitteando el nombre de Andy Mangiafico
it's 2014 why the fuck am i wearing makeup
Wanna laugh? I'm picking my classes for fall semester...now...while drinking sangria...
I Catch Spanish bitchs talking about me all the time thinking I don't understand , and that's when I turn around and respond in Spanish lol
I had to tweet to get an album wtf has it come to
Isaiah is gay sorry to burst your bubble girls
I cant fall asleep because im way too into my show.
Got a good girl that I won't sleep on
If you don't bleed it ain't love
So according to SC private corporations of Jehovah's Witnesses don't need to cover transfusions. Christian Scientists just cover prayer?!
tbh if I could plaster the lyrics to never lose your flames everywhere I would
I can't wait to get my hands on my iPhone 5s nigggaaaaaa.
Well I guess the good thing about divorce is I'll lose weight
Really thinking about everything and mark has some nerve to call me corny , that nigga is corny af
Logged in to Orkut for the first time in about 9 years to delete my account. Snapshot of my work friends in 2005
Wow, Gabi Wilson got no airtime there
A couple percocets and my bed sounds good tonight
Thinking about running around the high school for an hour.
But why can't I be one of those girls that Jacob tweets all the time sigh
He should be afraid to lose you. He shouldn't be pushing you away
It's so good that we have wifi at camp!
All I'm asking for is a 65 on this chemistry regent
like I never know what day of the week it is
give me some hints at least
Just had a guy in a wheelchair scream \"I'M GONNA BUST YOUR FUCKIN' ASS!!\" at me... Whoops.
Curtis Loving from U of Bridgeport, from West Virginia &amp; from Kansas State are all suiting up for Taylor Made
Finishing the emojis when I'm off work
Quickest goal in all of the tournament
Red card anyone!!!!!!
Just got home from being called in and have work again at 8 am .... Fuck me
I failed Chem, health, and economics.. Ill never be smart
Asians will take over the Bay Area by the year 2017 remember this tweet
How do u mess up a five on two lmao
Happy birthday pretty!!
Couldn't never really figure out how to love.
Got a 96% on a huge test covering 12 chapters, by listening to nothing but Lana Del Ray's Ultraviolence while studying.
Surreal moment this morning...Matt walking right towards me with a little motorized fan :)
Head in the clouds, got no weight on my shoulders
Kids are at vacation bible school. Just the husband and the baby here with me. This. feels. weird.
So... After EDC, my arms looks like I've been a beaten victim.
I always think cutting my hair shorter is a good idea but then after it's done and I look at old pics I'm like why did I do that..
Coffee but no almond milk. Tragedy.
Brycen and bernie are relaxing and watching frozen
So baby arch your back n point your toes
trying to drown out the noise of my roommies with
it's too late for all this now ..
L Ron Juggler, LLC is a subsidiary of JuggaloCorp
Pero tengo que admitir... jugo bien!
\"Its what we do\" ITS NOT WHAT WE DO WHAT WE DO US CRY
Do not text me. I will violate.
People that are exiting and funny or have cool snaps add me I need new snappers !!!! \nSnap chat : Jeezzy
Thought you'd be different, bout it so let's just get on with it
Jk again.. I'm not gunna punch any animals guys
Looked at a pair of Versace sneakers last night and almost started crying
Picking out bathing suits on VS is the slowest process ever
Everyone have that deep dark secret that can make it break u or change the way people seeu the question is did u tell anyone
This weekend was shorter than a gnat's tail since I'm working tonight, tomorrow, and Sunday
I missed my lil princesses ,
why do i always get the sudden urge to be super productive at midnight
I see you, SFPD officer with a can of Modelo, I see you.
My mind ain't set on what in going to do with life
SHAWN MENDES I AM WAITING PATIENTLY FOR YOU TO COME ON YOUNOW SO HURRY!
I don't erven think Justin checks his and dms anymore...
I came to party like tonight will never end
What should I do for my first cover\nSomebody help me.
im making Thottie Crush Tuesday a thing. ur all gonna hop on that.
Missing tonight. Boo.
I'm going to make you feel it
OH!! And also follow new family member the beautiful multi-takented !! SEX N BIZ COMING ON WEDNESDAY 7\/9!!
Hello first day of summer school...
HAHAHA my grandma just got Bluetooth installed in her car and now she's yelling because she doesn't think they would hear her
The only phrase Hope Solo's statement lacked was \"I meant no harm with my swinging fists, and apologize if I hurt anyone's face.\"
Damn yo I ran 7 miles today
People tell me that I'm confident. While this is true for the most part, there is ONE area where I lack it. I won't say it here though. :p
Hittin up the Adi's with bae
Damn USA scored first within 30 secs
Jackass meadow and Florance lake was funtastic!beautiful,wonderful.
Catch me at crizzly at 7. Gahhhhh
If I was Drake I'd call out all these stupid ass people saying how soft he is and quoting him with things he's never said
I just really like eating idk
Ginobili is my boy
Just had to pour out half a bag of to prevent myself from devouring the entire bag
trying to look up and working towards it but this situation has got to end...I cannot handle it anymore...options, I need options
If you're threw frontin' we can do somethin'
There go your kids
Even I would hate soccer if I only had these announcers to listen to.
Really wanna go whip around on the jet ski
New York city's like IMMA MAKE IT RAIN... WHENEVER I WANT
I am even seeing white privilege in the fields of education &amp; social service, where educated ppl of color should be welcomed!
if you want me in your life then put me there , I shouldn't be fighting for a spot .
Nacimos el uno para el.otro T&amp;S
Still not a US fan though
Something is wrong with my twitter I swear five ppl just told me I started following them when I thought I already was!???
I'll forever be grateful for Jason Kidd, Let him live and do his thing
My whole family is basically the population of Willows haha
Happy July 4th! Big day of America's newly found love today vs and then vs !
Glad they were so easy to bond with
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see life with a clearer view again
I wanna get drunk but I have math class tomorrow morning...
Jealousy is for bitches but some niggas is BITCH MADE!!!
\"If she don't change her ways, she is goin' to hell\" -grandma judy (about lady gaga)
Dave Chapelle show about to start!
Got concession stand duty tomorrow....just my luck. At least I get free shit
Clara seems less annoying than Rose so maybe I can try doctor who again
I had a dream that I was a Receiver foe the Seattle Seahawks.
actually need to get out of bed and do something
I literally went 7 mph and thought I was going to die
I'm gonna cry right now
How did I get so lucky
Smart cars with bike racks never get old.
I don't mess with liars sorry
I can really work for the FBI. I swear I find information quicker than anyone.
Como que me haces falta .... &lt;3
Por las buenas soy buena, por las malas lo dudo...
30 SECONDS MOTHER FUCKERS!!!!!!!
There is a god! He switched with his tiny wife!
Waiting patiently to see James Franco in the flesh.
Tomorrow morning I will leave my bed and my house for the first time in 50 hours ..... If that isn't laziness idk what is
it didn't hit me yet that this will be my last day at dag
\": Life is meant to be a challenge, because challenges are what make you grow.\"
feels like the hardest decision I've ever had to make ..
After a serial killer plead guilty to the rape and killing now the men once boys are released and people want to say now let's put it behind
I used to love fireworks, until about a year and a half ago
Thank you God for blessing me with another day of life!!!!
what an insane day! and tomorrow I get to do a whole different version of it!
Wish you would step back from that ledge my friend
If you are rooting against the us, you're probably a terrorist
Ellos dicen que son bravo y no corren ni a plaza lama
Back to back homers to near where I'm sitting. So hype!!!
I'm not even American
Without emojis, I wouldn't be able to properly express my emotions in texts
Why is no one up besides keating, Kordell and I?
Empezamos de vuelta?, no por favor..
When the homie going to give is new music
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED?????
Hope Solo you're still really hot
THIS RED CARPET SHOW IS HORRIBLE
Welp, tits out on 7th ave everyone. The tits, are, out. Her nipples are an odd color.
Not with Miles all excited to see me home ... lol
Yoga 8 o'clock come thru
Alyica's going away party at The Wagon was really fun.
I spent 45 minutes completely tearing apart a hotel room looking for my phone...my mom came in and found it in under 30 seconds
Bruh july 13th can't come any faster
S\/O to my dads from Grand Central Park that blessed us
Just watched The fault in our stars and I cant stop thinking about things overall
Why tf nick cannon look like that
LOOKING FOR A BF TO BUY STUFF FROM ACTIVE FOR. TAKING APPLICATIONS.
Mind is blown
If is against supporting contraception, why carry SO MUCH MERCH from China?!
Just stuff I think about all the time
the beach is so calm &amp; peaceful at night
Dempsey!!!! FUCKING CLINT!!!! LETS GO!
It's kinda late and I'm kinda bored favorite away..
IM STAYINF UP TILL MIDNIGHT AND IM LIKE FRAKING OUT OMG
Lol go ask black people about country singers and we will look just as ignorant tho
35 seconds !!!! 1-0 USA !!
:Are you guys talking about me?\n:Alaina the earth do sent revolve around you.\n:yeah but the earth revolves around the sun... And I'm a star
E comunque anche da qui...forza Colombia e forza Germania!!!;-) ma soprattutto forza al Re del Tennis Roger Federer!!!!!!;-)
feels like im on an island by myself
Wow wow wow wow wow and this is why I hate you
Today is finally the day! Yay! I am so excited
This bitch lil sister getting on my nerves
I ain't even know It, I just order it
Sanheim to philly... Dislike u now
Idc wut anyone says Brazilians women have the most luscious Asses..goodness lawdddd have mercy
Confused as to how the fuck I ended up in Byren Bergen
Phil of the Future is on right now! Good job DIsney Channel !
You got it Paul . Hoping you have a great day and rest of the work week! \n\nCheers from Manhattan, NYC~
caralhoooooooo o menor se confessou demaaaaaaaaais...
Anthony passed for 21 wow omg wow ongg lmao
Oh im sorry did my tweets offend you well man the fuck up
Porque tu me dices jired? -.-
rever meus amigos de mulecagem,bater rezenha se sentar na porta de casa ,isso ja faz 20 anos que nao acontecem
My phone really faked it's death. I'm done. Gn..
000H its just so lame tonite ..
Boys who try to make me laugh are the best kind of boys
Don't arrest me It's all She won't stop playing the Friend's theme song.
headache so bad I can't look at the computer
Shocked that this little Punjabi deli on E. 1st is packed the day it's in a Gothamist article.
my clothes are all big on me... wtf
Remember to enjoy the process, love the ride
\": Just finished bailing hay with and \" I helped a lot!
I don't know who I want to win less I just hate both countries
I just made a shot facing the wall
this is strikingly similar to watching people play fifa
GOOOOOOOLLLLLL LETS GO!!!!!!
America just scored a goal in less than a minute into the game!!!
Showering after a long, hot day is the best feeling.
She Gave em head , only reason He stuck around .\nAin't nun ov my business tho . Lol
Feelin like I need a new pair of air max's
my tl is full of
She matte black telling me her great great great grand parents really founded this place called America
g o o d n i g h t
When People Screenshot Your Tweets Nd Send Them To You &lt;
So I gave in n got snapchat...user oh_schnell.
writing about someone and how immortalizing the process and person becomes.
Praying for the man upstairs to give me strength
If you not a hoe\nGet up out my trap house
Every time I hear Rack City I think of you because the first time I heard it you played it in tech draw lmao
She don't fuck with no broke niggas but she ain't no gold digger
it's not even funny that taylor can't spell \" espinosa \" or \" reynolds \" it's sad
Jackie says I have no game, she says the only reason she ever approached me is because of the silly faces I made.
Someone said the word \"gold\" so I immediately watched \"All Gold Everything\" on YouTube. I'd say that's the appropriate reaction.
Just got 2 coffees for about 75p each just for having a British accent.. Haha it's really paying off being English in California
Cant leave my room bc responsibilities
Finished teen wolf.\nSo is it almost Monday or?
A cheeseburger for about 5 minutes of their lives.
Matt sasses the fuck of Renae in this episode.
Wall Street journal has been a great app to use ever since I downloaded it. So much to learn about
Your a two faced bitch.
Y GANA ARGENTINAAAAA!!!
Y'all act like ya never seen thunder before lol
ion like handjobs bitch i like head
if you can't make it panoramic don't talk to me
Jack is BACK! That was the best one so far! WATCH IT!
Welp, here we are seniors. Let's make this last day something to remember.
Every time I trade dollars for plane tickets it always ends up being a really good decision.
Have I even slept in the last 3 days im naat sure
Idk if I wanna celebrate finals being over by going to the gym or taking a nap. Life's tough decisions.
Omg, runaway plays during break. I'm so excited for this class
So teen son actually rushed in my room &amp; spoke to me last night!\n\"Dad there's a girl downstairs, don't come down!\" ...&amp; then rushed out.
I miss my grandma living next door she always had me well fed
No no no
Fave if u wanna talk to me on Omegle!!
History always repeats itself. America is over due for a good old fashion revolution
I really hope that girl did not ask about the album while they were in the club...
Idcurrr if he got mad :)
Beyond my smile is everything you'll never understand
\": great appearance on . Clear the air. Is there more than 50% chance of trump ticket in 2016? Watch
How could u be so dr. evil, you bringing out a side of me that I don't know
Goalie didn't even have a chance
Less than 1min USA 1-0 Ghana
Sometimes I wonder if she still loves me ..cause I think I still got it for her. She was my day one since I came down here.
you got your fair share of admirers that call ya phone, you try to act like it's just me but I am not alone
Ba Sing Se got an MTA
Guys. No Greece\/Germany jokes please. Too raw.
SCOTT IS LIGHTSKIN NOW HE BOUT TO DROP THE DEEPEST RnB ALBUM SINCE TAKE CARE
CANNOT WAIT. is about to play something beautiful at
.why'd you have to kick Dempsey like that
So. Let's see how a few beers, no exercise and blue cheese fries prepares me for sleep tonight
Will I ever grow out of sticking my foot in my mouth? Just insulted a same sex couple by assuming one of the wives was the nanny. Shoot me.
That why I only fuck wih like 2 people
Lady just asked my sister if she could hand her some extra toilet paper from under the stall
I just witnessed two breakups in the last two minutes
Frio vc mal chegou e ja pode ir embora
I'm so glad I found this \nI'm so glad I did
The spanish news is all about Mexicans being arrested and injured for celebrating too much.
Black Hawk Down, Jarhead, and Lone Survivor are my three favorite war movies.
Chad: I won't lie sometimes it does feel like you have an invisible friend
\"Thank you for finding me and thank you for the care, and fuck you for making me think that this life might be fair.\"
One of my many talents is being able to go from happy to sad in .05 seconds
you ever get so bored you just eat?
Sorry!!! I screwed up that should be follow !!!!!
Amanda just called me a depressed bitch
Im so mad i fuckin knocked out dude! Lmao
Some raw oysters would be clutch. Or some clams casino
Never been in so much pain
You can be so rude sometimes i swear
The reason why I allow you on my social networks is so you could get inspired
Do all of these people really give a shit about ?????
I came home to so many packages
Don't investigate and not take me to jail
what's even going to happen like doesn't Scott bite stiles in the season 3 premier? I guess I'll find out in a bit. but WHAT DOES THAT MEAN
let me eat before it comes on
Planing our vegas trip w the cousin
I go back to AZ tomorrow and today my family decides to go to Disney World next week.............
Whats the point in having a cell phone if ur nit gonna answer it?
JACOB I NEED TIME TO PREPARE BEFORE YOU POST YOUR COVERS BC RN IM MENTALLY UNSTABLE
I guess everybody went to sleep on me...
Maegan gets blacked out and turns into a mentally challenged person. I just don't understand
I don't care about people that ain't blood related to me.
If pull this series out can say he won without
If my brother makes me late to graduation I'm gonna be tight
Swear to gawd Abbotts got the best milkshakes B
30 SECONDS GOALLLLLL!!!!!
A nigga bored out his mind
Graduation will be the death of me
Today, \"my thang\" = feelings and texting sexy wrists as a distraction because feminism and why not.
Never again will I take a science class over the summer. CHEMISTRY IS RUINING MY SUMMER
Plans got cancelled due to rain I want to see some rain falling
When I call him by his full name he knows he did something.
ok that curry fucked me all the way up
I just figured out my next tattoo
Washcloth- where do I even start with you oh my gosh
And on the 16th day, they rested.\n\nQuiero ver un jueguito.\n\n
DYKES LOW KEY ALWAYS GOT BUTTON UPS SNAPBACKS A PAIR OF ODD COLOR JEANS A BOWTIE AND SOME JAYS
Silence, it's not normal to feel like hiding.
Found a yoga ball at work....hello new office chair.
Do not give a fuck I got the swagger of a virgins dick
Big bites will be the death of me
When a place, a person, a routine starts to drain you, it's okay to leave it all behind, right?
the first thing that is wrong with you is that you call yourself a princess
He irritates me, she irritates me, you irritate me, e v e r y o n e irritates me except like 3 people
I'm not with texting 24\/7 .. Don't get me wrong girl I'm still tryna talk just let me play a couple games in 2k then I'll get back to u
So the man chose execution. After gun shots ring out the executioners secretary asks wits really outside the door. He says... Freedom.
Just got that holiday bonus $$
It's just a little cocaine sniff, but the lines longer than parades is
Jozy Altidore thinks Joel Campbell's first touch is terrible.
All the @ names I thought of people already taken smh
AAAAAND IT'S DONE\nARGENTINAAAA 2:1 BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA
Those are real Kanye tweets sit yo hating ass down
Always on my mind..\nbut I can't waste my time
I've had my helmet on for most of this car ride
Can't sleep so naturally I'm browsing toasters on Amazon.
I'm truly blessed to have all these people in my life
At the wharf watching people fish.
Hahahahaha a esta le han dado mas poyazos en China xD
My mom seriously just said the one sentence that I have been scared to hear for 2 years and it ruined my day even more
Medio tiempo 0-1
.'s back line looks very vulnerable. I can see how Germany destroyed them.
It always makes me smile when a straight guy says he wants his hair to look like mine.
Trying to crutch around your house slightly intoxicated is harder than you think
Home after hours of 20 mile exercise
WHAT ID I JUST TWEET OMG IMMSCREMAING USSAAA!!!
I still feel bad for not getting you your stitch pillow pet :( haha you're crazy talented btw!!
I think Tauheed Epps and I would love to hear a song by Duffle Bag Boy, Tity Boy, and 2Chainz!
KRHV 161347Z 00000KT 10SM SCT030 13\/10 A2992
Im so done with high school, cant wait to get my ged and move on.
Honey. Just cause it's zips, it doesn't mean it fits.
I looked ridiculous why did any of my fiends not tell me wtf YALL FAKE ASF FUCK YALL
Absolutely deserved by the US after such a lethargic performance by Portugal. Clearly refusing to play to their potential.
Gonna miss Raw tonight &amp; I really wanted to watch it tonight.
OMG LESS THAN A MIN
The worst is when the solider comes home and proposes I lose it every time.
Damn! So close!
Sorry to burst your bubble, but there won't be any second chances .... So chill
People who are unhappy think about what life can do for me. People who are happy think about what I can for life
All these family members want to add me on Facebook and I'm here like ...... No no no nope . Not gonna happen
THIS GAME IS TOO AMERICAN
I can't wait til i fucking leave this house
i wanna say some thru da roof shit, buh nah. aha
Ive always been pessimistic because i know nothing good ever happens.
Holy shit!!! Dempsy!!!!!
Voting members of - if u watch u know who to nominate!\n\n\n\n
Only one I dislike more than Shannon is Vicki's son-in-law &amp; that was after what he did at the party last season.
Lots of cops all over Albion and 17th in the mission. Weird
probably gonna take it easy this July 4th &amp; spend it hating gays &amp; minorities while also doing loads of laundry
Congrats to and for eloping before the ceremony!
Anyways, let me get back to what's relevant
Ridiculous anniversary dinner at All'onda. Crudi tasting, duck ragu and cavatelli w\/spicy tomato-ricotta to share, short rib for 2
You are just out of my element.
How was your day?
It's 1038 and I already need today to be over
As I reach for my ID napkins come spilling out of my purse and Nani goes 'Fat girl probz' lmao. I'll kill her before the day ends.
I turn to my dog \"How are you feeling?\" *rolls over and begs for attention
We need to stop celebrating wrong people as a society by making movies about them or giving them a publishing deal....
Ok i really didnt think i would be sad about high school ending
never let dan lie drive, Almost killed us
I don't even like you guys
What channel is BET on direct tv
How do we get Banjo Enterprise? Everyone in this room wants to know!
I literally can't get comfortable in my bed
Te Amo David .
Can I just stay here for like a week.
I'm really spose to believe u tweeting from a computer nigga???!!.... don't insult me
Best part of America? After we score a sick ass equalizer goal we can all go on our 4G smart phones and tweet about it.
It's been around 8 hours now..
Headache, sore throat, wanting to throw up &lt;&lt;&lt;
I did better on the oral report than I did on the dialogue lmao
I love twitter lol it's like the diary of my youth lol
I couldn't wait for it to be summer now I just want it to be fall
My mom just suggested to bring a sweater to the beach today.....
\"It's a filthy world we live in, it's a filthy god damn helpless world\"
I can't wait for the World Cup to be over, lol.
That poked at me a little
Oooooooouch. That slowmo relay was painful!
Things were so different a year ago, it's crazy.
IF I DONT GET A FOLLOW FROM U SO I CAN DM U IN THE NEXT 10 TWEETS IM DONE TODAY
Schedule for tomorrow hasn't been posted yet soo
Omg everyone on my timeline is literally Watching expect me right now
BULL SHIT! All freaking ball
Unexpected exit. Come back stronger in 2018!
Adelante dt y super analistas !!!!!!
JONES. AN ABSOLUTE FIRE CRACKER!!!!
All I want is dolla drinks and quarta drafts and my people
A heart don't forget somethin like that
I know I'm single because I'm so fucking difficult to deal with, but I'm telling you when I love I love fucking hard.
MILONGA DEL BARRIO NYC This Saturday 6\/ 28th. with Rita y Edwin &amp; Jon\n2 Salons, 2 DJs\n131 W 35th St 5th F Btw B'way &amp; 7th Ave NYC
Got used to hearing Italian all the time and now my parents are speaking to me in Chinese and I'm like wat
The wheels on the bus go round &amp; round
I swear I'm always looking for all the right shit from all the wrong people...
Think like a man too was such a good movieeeee. Maaad funny.. but ill admit, i cried a couple times too..
A 15 year old boy at the Hillsdale CalTrain station just asked me \"How much?\" Didn't know I looked like a prostitute.
Also I just updated my phone and it's different but I can't quite put my finger on what exactly..
Good night y'all bed time long day.. And wooohoooo truck comes home tomorrow!!!
I should get some seafood b
I hate talking to you because then you'll get all bitchy.
This Spurs vs Heat game looking like the Holland vs Spain game.
'Cause who I am hates who I've been
I miss the city
I miss chill days\/nights with my boo, when we'd just lay around and talk about how we were gonna clean our rooms lol
I love when the weather is like this
HOLY SHITTTTTT USA!
Fireworks are one of my weaknesses
Holy shitballs kick to the face! Hurts from here. Hope it's not broken!!
Si no es contigo no es con nadie.
My 3 year old cousin says\"ya-ya, why do people cry?\" \"Because we feel, and someday when your older and you get hurt don't be afraid to cry.
When your phone is posses by lighting gods and does your taxes for you &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Smack that, all on the flow, smack that, give me some mow, smack that, till you get sore
Last time ill ever use tumblr for that ..
System in bimmer gonn be knockin
Thats how you play a penalty shootout
I'm always considered a \"bitch\" just because I'm honest.
This pizza is why I'm proud to be an American
I honestly have the best dog in the world... He just caught this annoying fly in his mouth and ate it
El que no arriesga no gana y si no me creen, preguntenle a RUEDA!! Jaja
\"Joe Bidin, the US president\" uhhhhhm, not quite, announcers.
If isn't hired somewhere within a week, the whole industry is making a big mistake.
Literally walked 70 blocks thru Central Park w\/ sneaker heels fml
Spurs sent the message to Miami very clearly: Nah nah nah nahhhhhh, nah nah nah nahhhhh, HEY HEY HEYYY, GOODBYEEE!!!
If I had a fire tomorrow who would come? Like tomorrow night?!
Good morning New York. It's time for a walk and some coffee.
I'm currently taking a to go-go dance at . Welcome to my most tweet yet.
I hope when he sees the Dr it goes by fast
Having someone that has your back is a great feeling
YES IN THE FACE
We talked about makin it, im sorry that you never made it.
why am I taking forever to get ready when I know I got shit to do today?!
I hate how the PV for Revelation barley shows Kazuki. I'm pretty sure he was shown in the directors cut version
Bonfires going to be uneventful, but hopefully more show up later.
\": is mickey mouse at warp?????\"
Awesome I might have an upper respiratory infection AND strep throat. I have both a final in an hour and a concert tonight. Fuck me.
Can't wait to see Jabari Parker play andrew wiggins 4 times this season
Respect to Shane Battier on an awesome career
\"ME GUSTA FROYOO OH OH OH\"\n\"No it's bad in any language\"\n
On the return leg, a firefly landed on my glasses.
I wish I got some of my shit on snapchat whatever yall missed out. ;)))( :pppppp
U S n' A!!!
Portugal is out!
Is it bad that I never want to do anything with these people?
Ima keep it 100 - im crazy , but only when it's necessary .. If I care about something you'll know-
I'm pretty sure all my weed smokers do....right guys?
Ugliest thing I ever seen !! Lol anyway now he's trying to add my instagram .. DENIED ..
Youre wearing wrist straps for a 135 deadlift??
I hate hoes they are home-wrecks and they'll take your man and man hoes will talk try to get at all your friends and family smh! Ugh!
casually sitting outside Claudia's house waiting for her to get home
Have decided my second job will be personal training!
Completing a long run is always a great feeling
I need a beer after today
.goel: has reprsnted the telugu community,has also asked us to help Telangana.\nNow waiting for TRS to twist this suitably
Back init baby!!!!!
The best thing me take care of me thugs and me family
Good Morning America live from NY tomorrow morning:) tune in...
Thots be like what's a book bae is that like something u order in starbucks
Don't knock my flow, just rock lil nigga
There is no more to be said, it is done and after a night on celebrating it is back to my regular work day for a few more weeks.
Who has a longboard and or wants to go longboarding
i do one thing &amp; the world ends
I need to follow someone to get this 666 thing outta here
Im still hoping my life is just a bad dream
Magkanta kung All of me bukas. HAHA K.
LITERALLY S\/O TWITTER S\/O THE INTERNET S\/O TO ALL THE COOL PEOPLE ON TWITTER VIA THE INTERNET ILY
did u give her candy or drugs \/\/ my family
I still need to shower and get ready for school tomorrow
I feel bad for the connetquot graduates... That school did not prepare you for college like others did. Good luck to all of you...
I'm sick of being tired, I need my medication, prescription meditation
Tired of sitting in this car.
Who wants to go on a tap run
Johnny Bs is the dream rn
Props to new moms still grinding on that comedy game! Spied in a 212 writer's meeting this evening and was def impressed!
Maybe my parents will actually want to do something today.. I need to get out of the house and get my mind off shit.
I love you Grandma. You will be missed. :(
I have a feeling life is going to get better soon.
The most predictable top 5 ever
Ghana has been controlling this game. US better step it up.
Wait, why was I not at curl fest
A tough, full body training with complemented by a gentle session of Hatha Yoga. Both are mind\/body challenges. Balance=health.
Taking ground balls might be my all time favorite thing to do
Wade is some cheeks
Oh lawwwddd why I thought August Alsina was Trinidad James
That was ridiculous.
A TOUR BUS ALMOST RAN US OFF THE ROAD
\"Cesca remember how many boys were hitting on me in Tahiti, man those were the times\" -Charlotte Macrae
30 secs in
Call me a name, kill me with words, forget about me it's what I deserve
Why must you bother me at 3am
When I'm sad. I stop feeling sad and I start feeling awesome... True story
NAS KILLED IT. 42 piece orchestra that made Dave Chappelle's set feel like an afterthought. Wtf did we just see
All I have to worry about is myself...nobody else
Hate road trips with people when their phone dies they steal yours
Granted he is younger but the realty is that Harden never had to be THAT man.. He was always a .
I most likely think about\/analyze little things that people take for granted.
She just wanna smoke and fuck I said girl that's all that we do
Made a new ig go follow it at
\"If you buy your July 4 supplies at Walmart, you can celebrate our independence from Britain and dependence on China at the same time.\"
USA jones goal!!!!
Estaba bastante picante y me ha sentado muy mal.
Today was the day to decide on whether to keep prime or not &amp; they sent a 2 day order via smartpost again. Easy decision.
2 wild pitches by the Yankees' reliever bring home 2 Cyclones runs. Ready for the Bronx?
does anyone know how to reset apple security questions ??
Ate shit twice infront of people rn skating home lol
Why is Jerry layne on this crew man
Headed back to LA on i-5... A great place to play some of old music! \nSuch a good day!
Luke Skywalker is specially able. Lol
get rid if this clown. His face needs to go
Morning after, my lungs hurt. Eat ya pussy just to show you how my tongue works
you look like the guy from Despicable Me
Guy in front of me at CVS is buying 8 cases of Spam...
I wish we had more TV dinners lol
Hey uptop Flatbush, NY wit my rib 4 dis Movie Audition. BrooklynBredFilm follow them on Twitter
Just took a 7 hr nap.... That's when u know ur lackin sleep
I want a boyfriend to work out with
Watching an marathon because why the fuck not
You know what to do with that big fat butt
This car ride is taking too long
No Shade ... There Are A LOT Of Artists That Don't Sound Good Live
actually miss being able to put on shorts everyday. I HATE wearing jeans.
i love you jack Bauer.... AWESOME!
Good morning, Today's the last day of school. Let's remember to thank the teachers!
You know you're fucked when sleeping pills won't even work!
If I was that goalie I would punch myself in my face
I'm having three kids and only raising 2
\n\nGuys, 5SOS is in my basement
HEA AT NUMBER 2 CMON WE CAN DO THIS
Listening to the Univision guys pronounce Sokratis Papastathopoulos..? Priceless!\n
There is no capability in me what so ever that can judge anyone. That's just me.
So she gonna make me bombaso
Not a good night for the t-shirt industry here at 's .
... The man clearly despises . Why else would he try to turn it into something else..?
I can see going to the Chicago bulls
Who wants to play bp tonight at my house?
Pretty sure the world would be an awesome place if R, Python, &amp; JS people all hung out, cool shit would definitely be made
FUCKING Sam lmao Ol SPRUNG Ass
This game needs to start ! Haa
Can we start that business
Phillips also found a long list of names of veterans who were lobotomized by the VA; sort of some of them to chat.
Haven't even picked out my socks, how could I tell you bout my future
Panera, Chipotle, and Starbucks right next to each other omg I cant even
\"You're not a boring person. You make art.\" -
I spend 2\/3 of my year in Wyoming. No, I don't want a relationship. Yes, I want to cuddle.
all you gotta do is fake it and everyone will believe you.
Chinese food always makes me happy.
Ouch Altidore not good team usa.. Gonna need him to play Germany\/Portugal
When will you grow up
I'm gonna be a junior holy fuck high school flys
Wherever you guys, they'll be love love lovee
I have the cutest dog hands down
I just whiped the sweat off my face, that was a tough shit that I just took
Could have been 2, Bradley could have taken the shot!
Stiiiiiiing lol. \nBut I won't tell. Haha
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYBODY!!! Never take for granted our freedoms in this country so have fun &amp; don't blow your hands off w\/the M-80s!!
i hope and pray I get to feel what it feels like to get that ticket one more year
Waiting for the day my face transforms and I turn hot
A mi me tienen que querer siempre; no ha ratitos.
But when a good guy actually comes around I swerve the shit outta them ..
Don't understand how SCOTUS can make contraception a sui generis \"class\" &amp; still say other religious objections (blood transfusions) are ok.
Best chirp of \"forget big data, I want my big lunch!!\"
this is going to be a tough decision tomorrow, between USA &amp; Germany. Can i have them both win?
What exactly is a man crush? Whatever it is, I have one on Jesse Chavez.
\"I know we were going thru some shit name a couple that isn't\"
Grab my handed a little tighter don't be afraid to come a little closer
Pinkberry date with the one and only
So many soccer jerseys out right now.
Too much on my fucking mind right now
BOY LEBRON LOOKS EXHAUSTED.
It's bitches! Congrats to our Ticos from Gotta love
\": @ da end of the day no one cares how pretty u rrrrrr\"
Anthony of O&amp;A fired over racist tweets. Folks losing franchises. Will All in the Family reruns be banned next?
next hour my tweets will b about Teen Wolf
if you understand history, youll quit writing. if you knew mine, youd understand why ill never write again
I have this really dark mole on my upper back
Sams always favoriting shit against me fuck you
\"I may not be there yet but I'm closer then I was yesterday\"
Meet me out past the train tracks I'm leaving and not coming back you're right and I was wrong this town will be the downfall of us all
It's fucking over I swear to god these dudes are fucking dead
'IM NOT NASH GRIER OR LUKE BROOMS JUST STOP FUCKING CALLI G ME'
We're all humans. Some people are violent. If you can't find a way to empathize with those who DON'T pose a threat then you need to ask why.
Maybe she's afraid to be loved again. Because the last guy screwed her over.
Do you have a job? Nah? Okay.
I still get poked on Facebook and it makes me uncomfortable
7am physics don't do me wrong
I don't care about doing nothing else today but getting this phone call
I just curl my eye lashes and brush up my eye brows .
I'm deleting my twitter because Miguel is a bully. Goodbye world
It's a rising cap world, and defensemen and centers are valued.
The NBA title belongs to San Antonio
THERE'S TOUGHER WAYS OF EARNING MONEY THAN TRYING TOO STEAL IT ~ AND THAT'S LOOKING FOR A JOB
If you didn't wanna hang, you could've just told us ya feel
Ghana players looking like they went to the Montreal Canadiens' school of diving.
It's really annoying to have bona fide stalkers.
Somebody dm me, and have a convo with me.
Ahora si ya yego!! Vamos chicha!!
My house is literally a sanctuary of food
now hes mad cause i wont swim with the fam WILL U CALM DOWN PLS I DONT FEEL LIKE IT
its 3:13 in the fuckin morning and no one home ill sneeze however loud i fuckin want
I know most of you are saying any idiot could do it but it was hard for me SO BACK OFF
Muito legal!!! Mandou bem!!! :)
i didn't know the Spurs were so good...
Would be nice to have a full convo via text from someone who initiated the bloody convo.
\"When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them..\"
Wine and ice cream are a real stellar combo
I just want to party with good people.... why is that such a hard thing!
Everybody has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
Okaay, who's the little bitch who just prank called me lmaooo
My barber told me to be here 10... Nigga just walked in
I wonder if any stadiums were open for people to come and watch the game on the big screen like they do in other countries
Good morning, at the gym...gonna crush it!
Fuck man after actually playing soccer I have a lot more respect for the sport. That shit is pretty tough
Thats why u don't get caught up like that
If I break down will you catch my tears before they hit the ground?
I got shuch a cute white dress and its longg and its lace ! For last min it was pretty good
Be mindful that your hacking the user journey, not just the technology
Sara is a 19 year old college student and just asked me how to spell lemon
Did everything possible to get pulled over by the hottest avon cop, nothing worked and I'm disappointed and a little heartbroken
\": Andre has no chill lmao\" pero like mamita epea..... Mexico you love me lmfao !
Your partner would get in the way then you shouldn't even be In the relationship. Know your shit.
Dime si conmigo quiere ser travesuras aah que se ha vuelto una locura y tu esta bien dura
He didn't even moveeee my grandma could've saved that
All I need to end a day on a good note is my boyfriend and a beer
\": \"You're talking to a former member of my high school tennis team\" ok coach bob\" he won't play me even w\/o cartilage wise man
Depression is a front for people to weak to face reality
Best friends: have cute boyfriends, going to east coast for college, living the dream, etc.\nMe: I eat hot fudge for free soo...
Maybe it was just a bad day for my feet idk
I mean, it's basically like I won two 8 mans this weekend and tilted out of the last one.
\": Sunburn on the top of your feet&lt;&lt;&lt;\" ....mines so bad it hurts to walk
This shouldn't exist what even is this what the heck
I look the shittiest at my jobs
\"Remember when acid was good and the music was good\" mom pls
If I get charged a cancellation feed for the Uber that derailed all of our 4th of July travel plans like dominoes I will be most unhappy.
I love this city. I love my life.
He's all that matters to meeeee.
That bitch ain't ya bitch Benzino.. A real woman woulda been by ya side the entire trip *rolls eyes*
all of my suggested Facebook friends are just the married ones I don't even recognize anymore.
What a goal by Jermaine Jones Straight out of the top drawer
I thought we had it all guess I fucked up the vision
Lunches always seem so long when I'm not actually working thru them
Showjoe so butt, all the men have the same dumb ass hair cut too
aight so at 9pm the + booze cruise livetweet pops off. we ready
That was a good goal!
It's crazy how ppl become such strangers...
Or do you not think so far ahead, cus I been thinkin bout foreverrrrrrr
Hi Slenderman here. Did you buy your Krockathon 19 tickets yet or can I butt F you?!?
I think i should go out for vacation I want to go out of state and just have fun be me, not just sit in this house alone in a corner
Nigga yikes... I dont play that shit
Matt's mumbling in his sleep, I hit him, then he loudly sleep talked: \"Do it again and I'll take away ALL the sushi\"
Wait what the fuck is going on
Lauren burns her hand take 20
That's fuckin cool happy fourth -.- stupid rain
\": Not even a hurricane can stop our freedom \" the glory is to much for any hurricane
I didn't even know Ghana was a thing
Please remove ur titties from my timeline gurl
Kermit the frog is really killing me right now
u could fool the rest of your TL but as long as i know....
I need a drink . I don't think my heart can take that game..Go USA!!!!!...
Preparing my self mentaly for work every night till Tuesday..
.What exactly is Ur official position, R U organizer of NAHN or R U spokesperson?
I like nasty girls. what can I say
I seriously can't deal with these overdramatic players when they get injured O M G
It feels like it should be 12am
I hate people so much sometimes
I'm sleepy so I'm probably going to take a nap lol
I swear, washing in my apartment complex is like the fucking Hunger Games bc there is more people than washers and dryers.
Tonight was way too fun
Cameron is perhaps the greatest heel of all time.
I love being on twitter at this hour.
you mean to tell me if Lebron left ALL YOU NIGGAS gonna stay Heat fans?
\": smoking doesn't fuck up your life, you fuck up your life.\"
Wet Hot American Summer is a fantastic movie
Talking all that dumb shit on FaceTime like you some lit nigga. Donkey kong in the forehead ass nigga. See me when you see me. Pussy.
Got me an Adidas jacket and soccer sweats also a Nike risk tee shirt!
Slide that little sugar shaker over here
And I have a list if all these books I must read still
Unrequited love is literally the worst thing ever
E just tried to use bama cash to buy dinner.
\"I'll tell you this: no eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn.\"
I hate the mall even though I'll be working there soon
Whatttttaaaa rip USSAAA let's get it
Can't believe you really just said that lol
My dad made me get Jack in the caja -.- in n out is way better and cheaper! Smh
Can we reschedule the 4th of July like we did Halloween because this weather sucks
Just opened the fridge instead of the oven
France and Germany going to kill it today.
My name is Antonio F Mancini... The F is for fuck her right in the pussy cause that's what I don't do you feel dawg
Forever hitting the train at the time
You just act like you deserve to be waited on by everyone
Im opening up for ! Bruh if you see this RT ! Needa get these thotties out there July 18th! Haha
Let's have a couple of drinks what u say!!
It's been 15 minutes, since I been up in it
Fuck i need to buy a big ass tent for hudson..... Help?
hello im back
OH MY GOD TWEETED ME
is a GREAT sequel. Definitely recommend that movie.
If I lost to two kids who got banned can I get the creds back
Everybody Go Follow , He Is so Gorgeous
I think if I look at my computer screen or phone for another minute I might actually go blind &amp; my eyeballs will melt inside of my skull.
And now their dogs are running around the yard. I'm done.
De izquierda a derecha, El Segundo ta bueno de francia.
playing a hella good game, watch out!
\"I like to experience all the flavors\" - Allie Levison on her preference in men
Wale you know those are predator braids so why are they in your hair my nigga
made a few money calls this morning $$
Stay off the block niggas, you not welcome.
Oh maaaaa gaaaad , to go or to not .
CAN JUSTIN PLEASE COME BACK TO NYC
Conversations that happen this late at night are the best. Deep thoughts...
I hate arrogance like hey take a second and uh remember who the fuck you are thanks
I need to stop staying up late when I know I have work in the morning, I'm useless and my shift hasn't even started.
Tek off you g-string fii the Sutherland
Should probably stop feeling sorry for myself and start making better decisions
some days i can't wait to be a mom. other days i believe the little satan spawns should be put on an island until they're at least 19.
that was clean af
When my mom drops me off at summer school I feel like running infront of the car as shes driving away
My tline is full of fanqins and i'm happy &lt;3 I don't have to see anyone bashing Fanfan :3
The government stole HALF my CPA bonus...reallllll cool.
I'll get to the rest of the subtweets later I promise!!!
Whats up w\/your Cust relations ? Call daily for over 2 weeks &amp; constantly busy. +email 1 week ago &amp; no reply
My sister is in the state of New York !!!!!!!!!!!
Toren me acaba de decir que mi panza es muy chiquita. Amor eterno.
Me time is my favorite time
Have to pee. Don't want to wake the kids. Little man's Been up since 5:30 n still tossing n Turning.
My brothers being so annoying rn
Feels so good to be home
We r obsessed with and . I love it. We got bad boys . We must've admit it . @
Is it time to give up on chem yet
I enjoy when I'm up early enough to not feel rushed and can have a convo with :)
Did I miss my bus again?
Why cry when you have reasons to smile?
My right knee buckled from dancing at maxfuncon, so I decided to jump and land on my right ankle all weird dancing at Holland's wedding.
Down my neck yoooo. No space to breath !!
I hate when my mom smokes in the car bc I smell like ciagaretts and that's nasty asf
KSJC 280053Z 31016KT 10SM FEW016 24\/15 A2993 RMK AO2 SLP134 T02390150
If anybody's looking to sell an iPad text me, don't bother if ya shits all cracked up shaaawty though. 317-987-8094.
There's been a low-flying helicopter circling over my house 4 several hours... I can't help but feel like a geeked out Henry Hill right now.
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Hey girl, you down to pho?
all the broken hearts in the world still beat, let's not make it harder than it has to be
Just saved all the floats in my backyard from the storm
If I don't reply quick then I forget to for like 3 hours lol
Let's go Melting Pot National Team! Get that second goal.
Someone take demaras phone away for the love of god
I'm gonna melt into a puddle omg. Help. Hahaha.
I can get used to living here tbh
Shoutout to the home for throwing a gem this morning
But they are usually in Moraga so that takes away all dopeness lol
Brooklyn, represent, ! (Thanks!)
Only if wade didnt have to deal wit so many injuries
Smell ya and good luck in world juniors
\": I've waisted so much time on people who deserved NONE of my time.\"
wtf am I gonn wear tonight
Ditched again... I give up.
Spurs is schooling the heats.
My night may have not been the best but it's a new day and it's better without you...
Who put a balloon on my car lol
But you're welcome for the memories
.. KGoooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllll USA
Literally so drunk and have to supervise children on the other side of Brooklyn in 15 minutes
I hate it when people tweet something \"funny\" and then they tweet after \"GUYS THAT WAS SO GOLDEN OH MY GOD THAT WAS SO FUNNY!\"
\"When in doubt, deny all terms and definitions.\"
Don't ever run to someone who will fudge you, or criticize. Even if it is the smallest hit.
I can bet money that I'm nocturnal.
I will not tweet about Jeff Koons I will not tweet about my cute intern I will not tweet about Walmart
Took like 3 hits of my vape and got fucking SMACKED
Idk man. 31K is a shit load amount of money
USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
The A's aight but Giants will always be the squad
Also guys who always want to have their shirt off, ok we get it you have a nice body.
I want my boyfriend to wake up
I just had 20+ notifications on twitter from these bitches
Si ya no aoy la misma cursi de antes es porque cuando lo fui a nadie le importo
Don't give me some long ass talk about how you're not a whore and you miss me and then make out with another girl while I'm here.
yo no lie I never felt like shit like I feel right now
These girls on the train at ratchet'd as hell
I feel bad when I see people going thru some shit.
I've been trying to wear my soft ground Vapors but ITS SUMMER
Who is RJStyles? I keep hearing he's a creep..?
My best friend lately has been my babe. Basically who I've been hanging out with
At loving the interactions! excited to see pitches for challenge to enable food choices in cafeterias
the bachelorette is so fake, bye.
3:30 am and I have officially killed all of walking dead
If someone wants to give me plans tonight.. That'd be awesome
Nailed it! RT: : Safeway calls it \"promotion pricing\". Everyone else calls it \" About to grow mold\".
Im in a tent in the middle of the woods unable to sleep
someone smoke w me ok anyone
wide awake trying to figure out what to eat for lunch
BUENAAAS___________________________________________________________________________Estabaa En El Parquee Con Mi Sobrinoo*
GOAL USA in the opening seconds
All the bullshit only makes me stronger..
Today was such a good day !!
Debating skipping the town meeting tomorrow for the USA game. This is horse shit
Did anyone do flints work?
Loving you from here is hard enough as it is. Please just go away and let me figure our my feelings.
god damn it i love xiumin
I'll provide the signs that say \"Motorists: Enjoy your commute back to New Jersey!\"
WR Greg Jennings says the team plans to \"showcase\" WR Cordarrelle Patterson this season.
I dont cut people from my life, they cut themselves
I think I'm still in denial of this whole situation...
See you soon
dad: what do you want for dinner\nme: a sense of purpose\ndad: how about spaghetti
Soooo I kinda want to have a Harry Potter marathon.
it costs $0.00 to stay in your lane and mind your own damn business
\"we met at the wrong time, that's what I keep telling myself anyway\"
Some of y'all need a filter for some of da lame shit ya say
I FUCKING BELIEVE THAT WE WILL FUCKING WIN
wishing that was here because i'm actually in the mood to go on a walk
Alito employing some stellar logic to bat away the argument that the ACA penalty is less than the cost of providing insurance.
There's no amount of money or any materialistic thing that could change my mind on the way I live...
After practice i went to 711 and bought hella snacks cuz im fat
Need to go home &amp; sleep asap
It's over baby it's over !!
Hella fuckin sore tho
Haha If the match will go on? It's soccer! Game ON!
Oh bugger I was going to go out for a walk, but now football. Who AM I?
lol tbh id way rather my honey moon be sexy af than all painfull how awkward hahahahaha.
Forgot how much I love swimming. Just call me Ryan Lochte ayyyy
I never know how to handle shit right and I always fuck up
Just met Kevin O'Neill from .
Lol just got asked to go out on a date at work.. How about no
FUCKING GOAL MOTHERFUCKERS
It's too hot in this room
Despite Merica day tho I'm pumped to watch the Germans annihilate France
TRVP music and GTA oh so noice
High carb type of day.. it's leg day
Heading home what should cook tonight
Nigga bruslee'd Dempsey lmao
Makes me not want to hang out w. Anyone man, Everyone backs up there own bullshit rather than own up to it
My night was ruined. Wasn't expecting this
My night just died. Some dude was preaching about martial arts like he dropped everything in his life for it
wait why am I even on tinder , I have nothing to offer
ARGENTINA FOR THE WIN! YAAASS!
Funniest goal like he swerved on like 4 diff people
take it off now girl \nIt feels so good
The new app update is so garbage. I thought it couldn't get worse after the google + integration.
GOAL..... 1-1, lets go !
I don't think u should be calling anyone ugly honey
Just had the biggest meal because I have ate shit all weekend
It's sad to see Kris &amp; Bruce not together.
This pain has got to go.
Spent my birthday wit my boys couldnt ask for better friends
I'm too frat to be a groupie someone address this!
I'm supposed to read 50 pages a day for summer school and they don't got the book til thurs lol that's a nice save
In this men's case tho, I legit didn't know ..
For being smart.. I'm pretty fucking stupid sometimes
Come and make it rain down on me
you were saved under hot chick in my phone lol
This sleep talk recording app is pretty crazy!
But that's not me. So I'll fall back
\": Does Jennifer Aniston age?\"I was just thinking that shes BAD
\"As adults, Mario Kart is extremely frustrating\" such irony
Is IHOP open today?? Who wants to go? This rain makes me want to eat my life away because there's nothing else to do
Someone just told me I smell like a Buggs bunny...idk how that makes any sense but ok?
Ok lil wayne let's get off my tv screen now
Bitch I get my gwap\nAnd I get my way.
Funny. Just read some article that said Hillary Clinton townhall meeting on cnn had people running around telling them when to applaud.
I want one night under the stars listening to Etta.
Happy is the most annoying song ever
Ruining everyone's lives one person at a time! Yesyesyes!
So nice to see everyone, congrats you fuckers
literally eating a full course meal in the middle of my class
When we let go of what no longer serves us, it creates the space for Better to enter
The amount of times I say I'm bored is unreal
In case one of you wanted to bring me some food or something.
Mah Nigga clint!!!
Can President Obama represent himself in that lawsuit...?\nWatching him kick Boner's ass would be great Must See C-Span....\n
Emma's list of what should go in the toilet: poo, piss, toilet paper.
My life in quotes: \"You know where you're going, but can't do it without having some fun on the way\"
Don't drill oil or your date
I know Joel is just sitting in front of a computer
I get impatient when I am waiting for a slow texter to reply. Kills the vibe bruh
It used to be so easy you and me.
I can't tell anymore if it's me that stinks or just everyone here
USA USA USA!!!!!!!!!!!
It feels good to have back!
Don't listen to other people, bc they don't know shit either
Opening shit from and mistaking it for
My goal is to lay in bed as long as possible
I just want a bag of hot cheetohs and a slurpee
i have a 7 crispy hundred dollar bills and 5 fifty dollar bills &amp; no PP money yaaaay
Since I can't sleep, I'll do what I always do. Watch the network
honestly whats the point of talking with you if youre not going to even try at all
Seeing the all white outfit at is just so classy!!
Just hit the apex of that curve
watching old osnapitzari videos wow we have came so far this is crazy
lol no,I graduated middle school..im going to high school.
Both me and my hubby are sick with the stomach bug :( Kristin's bridal shower tomorrow will be hell
I couldn't get anything accomplishd if I was living at home
Currently eating a blueberry muffin. I don't rewlly like blueberry though. Or muffins. But this is decent
Dear thanks for keeping safe during but you go OVERBOARD on lockdown. The idea is to get everyone out asap.
I feel bad for my roommate because I refuse to sleep in clothes. I will not sacrifice my comfort for hers. Idc, idc
Baby we should hit the south of France!
I'm so cranky all the time lately -_-
I'm in tears with the biggest smile on my face. My little secret is number one on ITUNES with his FIRST song ever. I love you so much.
\"The poet is not any permissive potentate, but is an emperor in his his ownright.\" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
vs pk .
WHY AM I JUST NOW FINDING OUT ABOUT FUELED?! Having a total freak-out-fan-girl moment. Ugh. I need to be there...
True Blood!! So excited for this next hour!
counseled a former big firm associate on the business side of running a solo practice.
Y'all listen to Alexyss K Taylor on YouTube ? Lol y'all should
i woke up at 8 am yesterday and got two hours of sleep
You're Gonna Go Far Kid \/\/ The Offspring\n
Nole looking a little distracted.
Heck yeah jeepers creepers is on
I fucking hate the word bae shut up
I don't wanna know you, why do you wanna know me?
I feel like all I ever do on snapchat is send pictures of my car but he's just so awesome
I see something I haven't seen in a while. The sun!
Yeah if I was Bochy I would want to get tossed too
Even I knew Christian was joking, I know I don't look like kim kardashian, everyone knows I don't look like kim kardashian.
Anisha Loves Me Yo! She Be Fronting Pa Twitter.
It's the freakin weekend \nBaby I'm bout to have me some fun
As long as the outcome is income
A year ago, I was becoming acquainted with one of the most beautiful places I have ever been to &amp; making lifelong friends abroad in Greece
put ur hands in the air and wave them like u just don't care if u didn't study for finals
So I guess I fell off a moving train last night and bumped my head really hard lmao
Thing I'm most looking forward to about this family reunion in Michigan? Coming back to a week of on . Oh, and family 'n stuff
August Alsina is forever making the host on BET look dumb on TV
Eating healthy is so great. The gas that comes with it is not.
I met this french guy today and asked him if he spoke german, he said no so i replied with \"your welcome\"
He really doesn't wanna play this game right now
Yeah, she know; love me cause my ego
This game has me stress eating cookies goddamn
Pero somos vecinos tambien yo cuando voy a RD me quedo en casa de mi mama Por donde esta el colegio mazonico por el parke.
Lebron + - Iguodala = NBA Championship
Soo France vs Germany today .. hmm. This is gonna be a good one.. clash of the football titans kinda shit.
Anyone else realized that beau faves his own tweets bc he has no sweg
I found black angle wings. Who wants to wear them to Pride with me...
Wow average age for Ghana's team is 22
LL Cool J's Doin it Well will always be that song!
I just ordered 15 dollars in Taco Bell and I can't even eat it cause I'm pretty sure I'm gonna throw up
can someone come pack for me?
Fuck did I really miss the fosters? And I didn't even notice? WELL FUCK.
My wish list: I want K-Ci Hailey to pay tribute to Bobby Womack with \"If You Think You're Lonely Now. \"
I want to hire someone to come over to unpack, wash, and hang up all my clothes.
apple should be ashamed at how bad the appletv is, because it's terrible.
Fck the bs pls just leave that shit at the door matter fact leave that shit at home haha
Dating just isn't for me being alone is way easier am I RIGHT
I'm the type of nigga that will call you on the phone and then tell you you talk too much
now watching .... on
Sing along mockingbird you don't affect me
no no no looking for alaska can't become a movie they'll just ruin it and more people will read it no that's not aloud
What's with everyone posting these direct message pictures tonight?
IS THIS HOW IT FEELS TO CHEW 5 GUM?!
Being a comedian is all about timing, when to tell the joke and how the crowd reacts
I just ate gum from a never opened pack of WWF topps trading cards from 1987.
my phone died in the pivotal point of a conversation.....way to go
Nada mas rico que dormir en la tardes *-*
If you don't want me somebody will
If we get lucky we'll make it to Friday
They had their chances, but it will still a good run
vicariously experiencing the life and death tour through 's instagram
Id love to just go off on some people...then I think to myself there not worth the effort and time and I have nothing to benefit from it
I'm really Tryna decide how I can smoke tonight like what this is a joke lmao my mother needs to just realize her child is stuck in 1970
Its really only 3 ppl on my TL
These allergies must have been sent to me by the Devil himself
I always forget is American
Watch Doolittle hit a bomb
35 seconds in
Sooooooo I'm still holding off on my slander lol
While everybody else is getting out of bed\nI'm usually getting in it
unless your dominick cruz or tj please dont fight with hands down and peekaboo in and out style
Stop preaching what you don't practice and start leading by example.
No one like u butter face
The struggle of being bored to death...hmu pls...I'm begging u
How can I tweet that I hate sleeping alone and not sound like a whore?
After everything last week, just watched a car transport truck blow thru a red light in the left hand lane on 13N!
Those very few people you meet in your life and you know you will never be able to live without them.
Omg you Lebron haters have no fucking chill lmao
Crappy go away so we can have some pool fun, and watch awesome tonight. Happy Forth of July - 2014!
Glantz: Informed consent + stories--if your subject is not comfortable, you don't have to use them. They're human.
Could write a book called \"the things hoes say\"
Yo, better be the special guest tonight.
turn yo ugly ass around doe imma cash out nigga
You are beyond amazing. I feel lucky to have the privilege of talking to you almost EVERY minute of the last couple days.You cute I guess.(;
Everybody making money off that \" WAKEUPNOW \"
If Rob Beck wants to talk shit at work, he should be prepared to say it to my face.
We are making home made potato chips and blasting Meatloaf on vinyl. If you're not at our apartment you are missing out.
third eye been on surveillance so watch what you say
Lexie's tweeting like she actually \"knows\" soccer
Mac and Cheese was there for me when I first discovered what munchies were.
JERMAINE MOTHERFUCKING JONES!
I don't even know how I duz diz
Sorry, , but it's not me. It's you. After this morning's SCOTUS ruling, I can't support our relationship anymore. It's over.
Who walked up to me this weekend and told me I had more energy than any other girl on twitter? Lololol
So full and I don't know why
If anyone knows where my family is let me know
Can't deny that I want you but I'll lie if I have to.
I haven't heard gunit anthem in years b... \"Gunit in the house, what nigga what\" I need that
You make me better
perfecting my listening face when someone's explaining something I already know
what do you want slag
\"Mom can I get my ears pierced?\" Mom \"sure do it but you'll totally look gay...\"
I'm going to be a emotional roller coaster when I graduate next year.
Damn Beckerman's hair is so hot *______________*
RIP RIP NIGGA
You take the both of us and were the perfect two
If my parents knew 80% of the stuff I did in high school they'd go crazy. They probably know about 30%... or less forreal
Uno le va a quien uno quiere.. No entiendo cual es el problema! O.o
I'm really scared to see my m&amp;g pic with luke cause I was crying for it.
Don't blow your fingers off today, America.
im just tryna live life the best way I can man fuck you cause most y'all are gonna be irrelevant real soon
Printable DIY planners are so cute!!
TIM HOWARD WILL YOU MARRY ME?!?!
I AM NOT READY FOR TEEN WOLF TM IM STILL NOT EMOTIONALLY OVER ALLISON
Try telling it to your heart
I can't wait to be misty for Halloween
Lol at people saying Los Angeles is a concrete jungle. Ahem. That's NYC. Don't be biting. Get another name lolll.
Finally he changed his icon and header
BUT I'M FINALLY GOING TO BE ABLE TO SPEND TIME WITH GUYS. I JUST HAVE TO WAIT LIKE A MONTH.
That fireball whiskey whispers temptation in my wiener
I just can stop loving you.
Holy crap did I miss third party Twitter apps.
I got one less problem without you
I told this n*gga order out. I ain't cooking after a 12 hr work shift
The weird patriotic wind ensemble music playing at work today is throwing me off.
PEOPLE THIS IS IMPORTANT PLEASE TWEET ASHE IS THINKING OF KILLING HERSELF EVERYONE TWEET HER NICE THINGS PLEASE
Goddamn there's a mosquito bite on my foot. This is not good! Gsjdududn
I will kill everyone who enters my work today
Today's challenge: getting out of the house in this outfit without my mother freaking out. It's completely appropriate, btw.
Best sex scene ive ever seen in a film has to be 300 rise of the empire
Am I the only one confused
Growing a beard to look like Muhammad
\": Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.\" via
I hear fancy by iggy playing at least 4 times a day in my apartment building. Usually with a 5 year old singing along.
Tony is a real one for that lol
Happy birthday guys! Love you both! have fun at camp!
Its hotter than hell's sauna in here. I think I'll just go watch the rest of this match in my room so I can wear minimal clothing.
i like to dream but i don't really need to.
I'm so fucking done &amp; I mean it this time.
Reinventing myself every chance I get
I saw a Springsteen concert once go down to penalty kicks.
Another turning point, a fork stuck in the road.
YEAH!!!!! GOAL!!!!! USA! USA! USA!
Like I could see Jennifer Hudson tonight, she did sing here last month. That'd be pretty cool ya know nbd
I met today.... Nice meeting you, you're tweets are very helpful
LOL @ this travel hosts peacing out of Tegucigalpa right away. THIS SUCKS BYE OFF TO THE CARIBBEAN
I met a lot of cool dudes during this trip. Talented dudes, that're striving for the best. Needa surround myself w\/ more people like that
\": If I pass this test, I will give a quarter to every alligator I see\" ill match tht if I pass
ALL THEM CHEAP POPS TONIGHT
When was tattooing me it took like 3 tries to do her autograph on me haha
Pop like a balloon cause ass too fat
I only ever want what I can't have. certain things I do not have a need for.
If I was told I'm gonna die in the next 5 minutes I'd delete so much shit off my phone bruh
We should have a national French fries day and eat french fries all day
Maybe it's the hipster in me talking but I don't rave because a bunch of fags do it now because it's \"in\". But that's none of my business
Can't depend on another nigga
Im so annoyed I wanna rip someone's head off .
I ain't asking for much, just someone to talk to.
Lol that bald dude painted his head
I named Ash and now I see is down..
\": *insert Kermit picture here*\" loll at least somebody got it
i should've listened
But it's working now so I guess that's ok??
How odd that \"Thinking About A Girl\" would show up on my shuffle right now.
Ima catch you slipping and rock your shit
While Dustin was eating toubers as
it's less than ideal when you find out at 7pm that you have a paper due by midnight after 8 hours in the car.
If eight or more of your texts go unanswered, like take the fucking hint. I don't wanna talk to you.
Sam Smith voice is on a another level. One of a kind.
Costa Rica wins great game by Greece
i was cryin on saturday night
I was in a horrible mood until I started watching . Best show ever.
You are such a huge hypocrite, it's actually disgusting. You're not better than any of us, so stop acting like your some royal bitch.
MARINA KNOCKED OVER MY CHOCOLATE MILK
got three hours of sleep but what else is new
It isn't me acting that way...
\"People who shine from within don't need spotling\".
I'm not the type to call you back tomorrow, but the way you wrappin round' me is a prob
alex is so cute omg
When's the caprisun and orange wedge break?
Mmm... the smell of urine, hot dogs, sewage, and pigeons... I must be in
You know what to do with that big fat butt, Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.
Ginobli bangin on you? Game's over.
You faker than some sweet n low
Why is this line 2 miles long?
I still fucking rep it and tombradyforpresident
Your not the last thing on my mind ...
I guess i just miss always having someone to talk to
my pops doesn't pay my bill I'm charging his card for everything
I can't stop looking at the poster, I'm super excited.
I just felt personally attacked by someone's about on twitter
I need to see Deliver Us From Evil because the preview made me die
Beach again tomorrow.. My skin color will be a different race
I hate when people say \"Free My Nigga\" and shit like that. If you do shit to where you get locked up obviously you belong there...
super duper bored. need to find a friend fast.
\": Nobody really got you, but you.\" RT
thank you for the 2 years you spent trying to make me a gentlemen. I will never forget you. I'm honestly sorry I couldn't be what you needed
Lindsay is the biggest asshole she made me leave cold stones because the line was out the door so she can get food in the buffet
All is right in the world. is back for a record tying 17th Tour De France appearance.
Nothing's better than the American style bud heavys..
Going to clean this apartment spotless, once I get off my lazy butt lol
There's a Bob Schneider album for every season
good thing my voice is completely gone and I can't laugh at anything cause it hurts
It's not about,win or lose,because we all lose,when they feed on the souls of the innocent,blood-drenched pavement
I cannot wait for my trip!!
Happy 4th of July everyone. Enjoy this disgusting day
I want these 5 week go by fast to go back to the FUNK
THE COME BACK IS REAL
being an asshole won't solve your problems
On your machine I slurred a plea for you to come home
Lindsey just got very upset with me for talking to her over twitter and not texting her
Oh wait full house is on!
MANU MANU MANU
Is there something inside me that I don't see?
I need to start saving my money.
I should wear my mouth guard when I sleep again
Let's get stoned and watch The Holy Mountain.
Starting tomorrow I am 100% dedicated to dropping at least 25 pounds, no matter what it takes
I just cried because of the episode of Hannah Montana when her horse like almost dies what is my life
Seriously have no idea what got into you now ..
I DONT THINK ABOUT YOU ANYMORE CAUSE MEMORIES OF YOU ARE LIKE A TREADMILL IM NOT GETTING ANYWHERE
almost home and all i wanna do is edit my video ughdndkdkdsnkxdj
Just took the lift in my hotel with Courtney Love. Pretty normal day. &amp;grove
It's only 10 AM... ugh why am I up?
Jk I can't go out or go home with anyone I got a curfew come on now
\"That's it\" those were her only words... NAHHHHH she's plotting.
Dear Parents:\nRefs are not like waiters. We neither need not want tips.\n
moi jvais faire une option en langue
Jesse McCartney is still the bae # sincemiddleschool
No ok I'll take away my boredness some other way lmao
Left my iced coffee in the car and it turned to hot coffee....
shocker, i actually did my hair.
Someone come over and watch silence of the lambs with me pleaders
My mom leaves tomorrow and I'm going to cry please don't make me say goodbye to this hotel bed made of bliss
Alguno de estedes de los q stan viejos y no van pa la noche de sj deberian buscarme al airport
Bush did want to open IRAN's embassy in Washington.
If someone's awake pls text I'm bored
Jelena isn't comfortable with her parents?! Oooooo.
Well played Greece! You deserved it. But, oh well.
A tornado flew around my room before you came excuse the mess it made it usually doesnt rain in southern california much like arizona.....
Relax my mind \nTill it's do or die
Everytime I tweet about abs or exercise or something, and twitter fitness account always favorites it
Half the fuckin song is censored what's the point?
Unusual love it or list it, it's usually a family of 4, about time they did something different. Love David's second choice!
This game needs to end alreadyyyy
It baffles me that Shannon would think heather would know anything about an email her husband sent her lol
My eyes are the only thing I don't want to take off of you
If I can go back to last summer I wish I did more shit...and I wish I talked to less people
Really wish you'd respond more than once every hour
PRIDE WEEKEND SET AND FAIR DAY SET. LIFE IS AMAZING.
\": Don't be a smartass unless you're actually smart. Otherwise you're just being an ass.\"
I've waited about two years to follow and I don't regret it. His twitter picture is Brier Rabbit, DUDE!
Come on make it easy, say I never mattered.
Planet Fitness is totally the judgement free zone. That is, unless you lift in short shorts.
K end rant I'm done w talking about edm for the night
I like when money makes a difference but doesn't make you different.
\"Why are you spending so much time on the body? Aren't you just going to draw clothes over it?\"\n\".....................................FUCK.\"
GENTE E AS ASAS ALI ATRAS
Summer models in the Syracuse area needed must RT and Follow for a chance to enter for a chance to make it on the website!
A SNITCH NIGGA THATS THAT SHIT I DONT LIKE
Our Summer Day Camp &amp; B-Fit Camp kicks off next week! Help us spread the word to culturally, physically, and in our community!
Don't come for me unless I send for you
Goaaaaaaaal! USA! USA! USA!
This is why championships don't mean shit, best player got destroyed by the best team
Ohh how I wish I had a game tonight to clear my mind
In fact I hate the Yankees but I wanted to see the stadium
... come into training camp with every opportunity to win jobs.
watch me work
Tim Howard looks like a bad man with that beard
I feel like I have more personality online than in person. Lol
Great goal! So much speed and control. Great effort!!
Thankful 4 my nose
Estar disfrutando de cosas bakanes sin la persona q uno ama no es tan bakan.
When in doubt, just punch them in the back. Classic Cameroon.
Also, either , , Brooke, or I will be on Jimmy Kimmel tonight. Either way it's foul. Watch! Only ABC.
\"The saloons of Hebry C. Ramos were famous for the gin fizzes shaken by a busy bevy of shaker boys.\"
Sutton Foster was incredible, along with everyone else in the show.
Moral of the story, don't do bath salts.
One min call us baby, next min call us crazy, niggas but on that bullshit bitch ass niggas
Imma have you first always, in my head to keep you satisfied
I be coming on twitter at the weirdest times b
Feels good to do you when you want to without answering to anybody.
So glad I have my boyfriend &amp; aunties. My escape from all the drama
Nothing beats a good PB&amp;J every once in a while.
Bishop and cas the same different person
Treat you like my hustle, you know Ill be on that all day
killing bugs = hours of endless fun in the Terry household
lil bow wows team would have done better
Worst fucking week ever
Can I still get a free hat ?
But really what do I do today
I love Kalenna &amp;&amp; Tony's relationship
I never realized just how much of NYC is small business until now. Fucking everything is closed lol
df is there to do in new Rochelle
I could do it tomorrow.
Cassidy should just stop making music and just chill accepting the fact that he's a Philly rap street legend
Voy hacer un coro con el el Domingo
WHY ARE PEOPLE SO FUCKING STUPID IN HORROR MOVIES
in a way edc and the post \"depression\" has put so much into perspective for me.
I know nothing about anything but I have more common sense than Emily and that makes me happy
Ronaldo bb I don't think.....no
..Good Morning Beautiful People, Have a Great day! Make it a day! XOXO :)
The Word of The LORD is and The Name of The LORD is my strongtower!
and the rain begins! perfect way to end my night
Andrew mal ily guys call me let's have lunch xo
im far but i still wanna come out i thought you said u wasn't going over there nomore u be siding but sativa just told me to come
What time the awards come on at 8?
I'm 20x nicer now than I was this time last year
Typical Sunday night consisting of my parents making me watch house hunting shows
last day of calm before the caps start breaking down the dryline...
Rev run disowned JoJo and only claims Diggy, huh?
Sorry I like u but I just watched u tell her business last week.
You hear \"knock it off Brandon\" atleast once every day in my house
I hate asking my mother to go to certain places b.
Di Maria makes the rabona look so easy
Basketball will stress you out more than any girl could if you take it serious,
All my life I been afraid of powder all my life I been afraid of power where did all that go?
Last day in NY for a good long time. Bittersweet but I won't miss today's humidity. On to the next adventure
working out to psytrance will leave you not ok
Have heard such good things! About to see Fly By Night starring and Peter Friedman.
Colby jack. A mild biracial cheese.
Hate waking up in the middle of the night
He's German but that's ok
Saw at last Saturday. STILL the Piano Man. Incredible show!
white wine is the best I want some
So foggy! We're driving in kinto clouds
Has anyone visited the Robert C Byrd Memorial Defecation Center in West Virginia?
Food poisoning or stomach flu... Either way this is the worst
Give them the act right when they act up. Simple.
that moment when you start having an asthma attack while is signing but you just ignore it because he's that good
Sherlock is ruining my life.
Why ya gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too?
Burj Khalifa in Dubai..wonderful pic of the entire empire!!
gonna delete my snapchat till
this'll be one of the worst weeks of my life
I mean granted omgz we wuz harrably outplayd al sereez!!!11 but this series is just a joke
Nos I got the case of Heineken
Back on the road to Massachusetts
\"Fuckingf cops r faggots\" alex ur dads a cop
\"As you reaching your goals, you gon' meet you some foes.\"
Can we have a moment of silence for the end of Lauren and Kiyomi's relationship? But seriously...
Gooo !! Ghanna
Can't even hear the Bettman over the boos. Kudos, Philadelphia
I could either get a few hours of sleep or watch Trailer Park Boys all night...
Everyone I work with is going bananas over the goal lol
Name a fuckin song I ain't threw up on
Bad Bitch come to my crib, il handle my bidness
Everything is complete and done with doing any work for high school ever again!!!!
Uhm, OMG this first scene of True Blood last night. The conversation that never happened... I will miss this show.
Imagine you're just cooking some food and BAM you automatically feel like Satan spit on you ugh
Mad Sounds \/\/ AM
Gooooaaaaaallllll! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goal! Goooooaaaalllll!!!!!!
ANOCHE EN EL MAXI-BALONCESTO DE DAJABON 2K14 EL EQUIPO DE EMPATO LA SERIE SEMI FINAL B 2-2 AL DERROTAR LOS
It's been a long time since I've felt like this.
One thing that will make my birthday better would be a win by THE United States of America and show the world who runs this WORLD!!
A summer fling seems nice
ITS SO HOT OUTSIDE
Everyone's running around like crazy and I'm just like Idc I'm breaking out in hives making no money.
if only you truly cared for my feelings.
I hope you understand.Cast not your pearls before the swine. I want Cynthia Fontenot and m.d hill out of my business
jacobs selfie game is too strong
If I ever got on an un-air conditioned car on the G Train after waiting for a late train I would completely lose my shit.
\": Where's a Latina that can cook lemme slide thru for some burritos &amp; tacos yo\"
That was the best run I have had in foreverrrrr.
I been on the kixxie siete station on pandora for half an hour and none of his songs have played yet
I think professional soccer players fall and whine more than P.K. Subban
I'm abt to go to my moms
The Phillies don't like playing at home. that's not a good thing.....
So my grandpa tells me, \"You know kid, you're not bad looking. In the dark you must be beautiful.\"
How the hell my body wake up at this time is it really 7am....
TONIGHT meet at \nDouble Rock Baptist Church \n1595 Shafter Ave \nSan Francisco, California 7Pm
Pea know what she lookin for at the crib
I wanna go on a long ass walk 2mm
THE BOOK REVIEWERS AT THE NEW YORK TIMES ARE ILLITERATE!
\": Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.\"
The fact that Marc said I am son is kinda scary...lol
He said he'll slug me Lololololololol
there ya go Demps
Again I'm sucked in by Catfish...
I rather be an o'keefe them an o'connor
Hahaahahahah I love the Big Bang theory
Earth Queen...sounds like a bitch lol.
\": Fuck the stars bruh wassup with the fault in our justice system\"
Ain't nothing more important than chicks that act their age
I want to race through the Nyc parade screaming 'It doesn't haven't to be his way! You can relax now!'
Orange is the New Black and noodles yas
That Kermit the frog shit is perfect for you hatin ass bitches
Runz company RT : A _________ of Unilag babes?
Why does it have to rain.
Why try when I know it's not going to happen!
Why don't more people call today Independence Day? We don't say \"Happy 25th of December!\" On Christmas?!
Joseline said she was stingy wit her kitty kat and I believed her...... smh
Dont forget to highlight your penciled in eyebrow
It ain't nothing to cut that bitch off
bring on the French! Let's go Germany!
This fool talking about 1 year\/$3M for LeBron. When you are under the cap you can use the FULL MLE. These are supposed INSIDERS?
Idk I hope that's me
I really do enjoy building stuff but I feel like Xcode is a real bottleneck sometimes.
Lol idk , I just wouldn't feel right messing with somebodies who's in a relationship.
It's 6:03 and the stream didn't start yet smh... At leeway fix ur servers so I can play in the meantime..
\": on VAMP CITY... right now. Bout to give us 16 bars. \" GOOD SHIT!!
I will stand my ground and wait on it
Jesse Chavez's breaking ball is NASTY
what tf is my mans doing
Feliz Dia Izemos Con Orgullo Patrio El Tricolor Nacional En Honor Al
TEXAS BORN. TEXAS MADE. Clint Demspey!
Now I know I defiantly made the right decision
It's stupid that horsepower is still a unit if measurement
It's like ghostown at Skyline. Fucking hate this place
Someone drive me to Los gatos and I'll buy you dinner and gas money ?:)
Schoolboy Q and Domo genesis concert at central park on wednesday. Shits gonna be so turnt
About to watch SYTYCD groups during finals of callbacks.
Looks like everyone is in their box tonight..
Goddamn I've never seen someone break a person's ankles like that in soccer
Got an open seat in the jeep tomorrow going offroading, who wants to come
I want to watch The Fault in Our Stars right now but I don't want to watch it alone
\": Guys in skinny sweatpants make me uncomfortable\" LOL bon jovis
Everyone here is dressed the same lmfao
Could you say congrats 2 Alyssa Martinez and the graduating class of East Brunswick HS? We watch everyday
I really hope I'm the only one this time
Short girl with that fat ass
i have a thing for males that look androgynous, i also have a thing for Poles
I'm on the plane got to enjoy a slice of that NY pizza before I got on bye New York see us in 2 months
I saw Dempsey during the national anthem and was like this dude is going to take a shit on Ghana
I miss you. The old you. The new one sucks.
The rum tum tugger dance is so sexual and fun and
I complained about being sore to my mom and instead of getting a nice loving massage she is making me go on another run lol
i will never fuck wit a Bitch who be banging hoods &amp; shit fuck around &amp; get niggas popped &amp; shit
Nothing's shocked me more than attacking Scoliosis ALF with his own crutches.
Gotta go get this money again.. Early morning shifts whaddup..
People who wear sunglasses Inside. Is it always sunny in douche bag vill ? Take them off yu tool
I pretty sure I'm most excited to see at vidcon kdksjdsjs
All imma be doing this summer is perfecting my craft.....
I need a job. Please. Someone. Help.
Dirt in my eyes, cause why the hell not duh
Halftime in the -game, still 0-0. Should be a pretty tasty second half, with the group up for grabs.
Germany to the Semi Finals. .. I mean what's a world cup without the germans..
It's hot af in my house
Like is that even normal? Don't think soo
Lol all I listen to is lorde not sure how I feel about it
Now I can't watch the USA game because of CALC 2 HOMEWORK!!
I ran out of sugar so if someone wants to bring me some, I would appreciate it.
Because if this is the life, this is the life, this is the life, this is the life, this is the life...\nThen who'd argue
I deadass been in traffic for like 2 fuckin hours !
The lake was perfect and days like these I just feel really lucky to be alive
Awesome series against the Rockies, Giants bullpen.
all these guys look cooked, soft dribblers in the PK shootout!
How y'all like Kevin Gates ? How ?
I only come on here to vent or speak my mind or be nosey ... Bull shit
En route to pick up addy !! See you soon
It's the 4th of July: Too bad the doctrine of Separation of Church &amp; State no longer has any practical meaning.
I'm gunna b irritated tmmrw afternoon when i wake up late
Check out ESPN 2 at noon for tge hot dog eating contest.
She a devil in a dress
Ain't ever too late to go out &amp; do something
I need to learn how to not complain about everything
\"he doesn't even care he's such a pimp\"
I love Clint. I love America.
Sir, the fact that you're jolting down 7th Ave with a ski mask-like head dress on and a beaten up duffle bag is kinda concerning me
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL DE EE.UU EE.UU 1 GHANA 0
LET'S GET ONE THING STRAIGHT, DON'T YOU FUCKING DARE MAKE FUN OF ME WHEN I HAD THE GREATEST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
I want to go on a date to a MLB game :)
I swear I have to be up for work in 3 1\/2 hrs
i cant look at toudou without thinking of tracey
I can't do this anymore how the fuck did all these bugs get in here
The art of letting things go is that you will find it is necessary to do so, simply for the reason that they are heavy.
.I have one, I train trolls, welcome to my school....
Just filed my first piece in, well, a long time. Keep your eyes peeled.
I need a bitch to go to the gym with everyday
I can't seem to access that user. Block for having an offensive name?
I forgot how much I adore Kristin
I just fucked up so bad
How u cook dressing?... Latry and his shenanigans
Popping pills in the lobby and prey they don't find her naked
The new sportscenter is so ugly. If it ain't broke don't fix it.
I like to test people to see if they truly are what they say they are
LeBron and udonis haslem the only ones who deserve to be angry
Thank god I recorded the Bet awards cos I'm not gone be able to watch it messing around with my granny
On lot remark,yo tout renmen Lupita. \"She is flawless\"
MJ MJ MJ MJ MJ MJ MJ
L5 days 11-12 48% +4.5u flat units
Spotify while on the drive home. Rather be on the beach though!
Niggas talk bad about \"thots\" but look for \"thots\" when they want some pussy
That was the best game I have ever been to even though we lost. I cannot put that into words. This is one amazing team
KEVIN HART FUNNIER THAN CHRIS ROCK??! YEAHHHH RIGHTTTTT you guys are brainwashed
My life just started, just a 19 year prologue
\/logs onto Twitter for hockey news\n\/feed flooded with nonsensical soccer blabber\n\/logs off Twitter\n\/caries on with life
European kid no older than 13 just ordered a cappuccino
If I'm your friend and haven't threatened your significant other I probably don't love you tbh
if you don't like usher I don't like you lmao
I just wanna go for a ride
I used to think players were so hot...until that started biting ppl! Never mind! Dem dudes are cray!!
GoodMorning Mentions For Mentions For Follow No FollowBack=(Strangers Welcome)(StatePropertyFans Welcome)(RocNations Fans
This work shit really gets in the way
\"Thank you for taking care of me.\"
Any of you going to the party tomorrow?
Papai no whatsapp. Que figura &lt;3
\": THe weeknd X SCHOOLBOY Q X JHENE AIKO.... THis fall\" K
My apps are all updated omg it only took two weeks
finally working on my moosh and twist video, i only get super creative at 230am haha
Chicharito gonna seal the deal today.
And I'm like yaaaaaa everything u herd is true everybody know I'm hung up on u
Love from the Underground
That green apple Smirnoff was too tasty. I want anotha.
I need some Advil pm or something. If I don't get to sleep soon, i may sleep through the sound of our loud ass pager.
Maybe with a finger on the trigger to my dear Juliet.
If you have a laptop and a mouse, you should play Osu! It's pretty challenging and cool lol
Vintage Jeter. Foul off 11 pitches and then poke a single between first and second
Now J train, u be good today k?
Gotta kill it while im living
Today is yet another day when every single person I've spoken to has annoyed me immensely
PHARRELL LOW KEY CHANGED HIP HOP
This summer is going to be fucking amazing
I haven't been on my twitta in too long!
Kanye is at the top of the game with Drake and Kendrick? I think he is
Miami's put together boy band is done
Just call me fucking Sherlock Holmes.
\": All I want is you.\"
Nice touch with
why do you get my hope up like that .
Did you see that play tho ?!
Don't you just love when you wake up early with no problem because you were excited for the day to begin???
I go back to Florida tomorrow and I'm so sad I don't wanna go back at all
life get hard everyday ....-_-..... I swear
Oh my darling, stand by me.
USA vs Germany is a game you CANNOT miss. A sin actually, if you do.
Baby come back you can blame it all on meeeeee
France XI vs. Germany: Lloris; Debuchy, Varane, Sakho, Evra; Cabaye, Matuidi; Valbuena, Pogba, Griezmann; Benzema.
Can we just go 5 minutes without an injury or an exaggerated injury please
So who trynna go roller skating tonight?
How awesome is it having people that not only want to see you do well, but are chasing ambitions of their own. My type of people man.
Had to deal with 750 incoming freshmen hoes last year, have to deal with a 1,000 more this year.
I'm gonna root for an under dog
This guy wants to be me son.. smh
Currently at the top of the Ferris wheel in toys r us in NYC
Also sent me the greatest text ever while I was at work. I love her and
First ever Yanks sox game, Jeters 2-2. I'm satisfied.
Yugi Moto just pulled some fuckboi shit
I can't decide whether to keep cutting my hair or let it grow again lol
Isn't it funny how u understand wat people r tryin to say a year after they say it!!! :-D
Love my team
Oscar's nosy ass son needs to move! Like why are you snooping around somebody else house?
I never get bored of Netflix.
Ugh that's so unfortunate for Altidore
The amount of bugs that flew into my nose and mouth while i was mowing the lawn are probably equivalent to 500,000
Been watching vines for the past hour cause I have no life
...due to the fact there was a lot of traffic and I \"handled it well\" lmfao
Beasley all shook up like he just got his lunch money stolen.
My TV is broken - all the players shoes are weird florescent colors - can't seem to adjust it
smt dont tell me that
I'm ghetto. My kool aid need mo shugaa
Shorty Shorty by Xtreme used to be my jam!
A baby's laughter is one of the most beautiful sounds you will ever hear. Unless it's 3am. And you're home alone. And you don't have a baby.
Tim Howard is a beast!!!! USA!!!! USA!!!!!
Andria \/\/ La Dispute \n\none of my favorite songs.. so fucking good
Yeah it does get old so now you know what it feels like don't you.
This weather proves it... I miss the rain.
I just snatched defeat from the jaws of victory
Javi gets to meet my fav Uncle tomorrow. Hopefully all goes well.
About to catch a smoking sessh w alicia &amp; her boyfriend
SPIDER GET OUT OF MY BATHROOM NOW YOU ARENT WELCOME HERE
My mom feels the need to stop every Irish person she hears in the city and have convos w them
Next round, we blindfold the players.
Mad I couldn't go to pride in NY
Why is Dominican like the only college without an orientation before you move in ? Lmao
Sometimes I actually second guess myself on if you are joking with me or if your jokes aren't just jokes and you are actually serious..
I don't really see you sticking around for long.
I seriously fell asleep for a little bit at the concert again
Bent over to pick up cookie... Ripped my dress
i just want your attention
It smells like teen spirit.
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss we tied it yessssssssssssssssssss
People giving their \"pets\" away on Craigslist are just pure shit.
I used to dance on rooftops in LA and flirt with men from around the globe. Now I read books and wait for my niece to poop!
Talking to adan, man has it been that long
Text message from Jude \nAnd about Olivia !! \n
Fuck age talk crazy better get right
Love feeling like I'm on top of the world
So as soon as I start to use the vector there is rumors of them nerfng fuck my life
I don't know where all you men are from but I see you and I'm not mad.
Tbh no bc idk just because haha
Don't you hate when you cry so much your eyes hurt a lot.
Not even blast bears coulda care Valerie June. This must be what we use to brek terrorists in Gitmo.
i push people away for reasons.
Home of the Brave, who protect the Land of the uninformed or clueless more like \"sure government do what you want. Murica!\"
Done wit high school tomorrow... Leavin the past behind me and moving on to bigger and better things
I always put artists high on pedestals &amp;expect too much for the next album but is the 1st exceed my expectations
&amp;&amp; I just don't care lol.
Like a fireball fighting through it all. I'm unstoppable! THIS IS THE LIFE I CAN FEEL IT!
I got some weird ass new followers some young ass niggas
Turn up on ya pussy ass
Wish for one night with a sexy Puerto Rican chica and some bomb ass empanadas.
Every little thing you do got me feeling some type of way
All this shit isn't gunna matter in 6 months.
Get to see tommy tomorrow :D
Ohhhh get the fuck over it
Why did the tweet fail? They harped on win vs lose, falling deaf ears for 1\/2 the fans, instead of using global insight
I feel like K&amp;K check in with AmyG a lot more when the game is crappy... No CSNBA director we don't appreciate the distraction
K fuck you thunder, just jumped out of my bed from that one
Hoping for a solid showing at World Cup by Bosnia-Herzegovina for Ognjen Kuzmic's sake, but they're gonna need results in next 2 to move on
My novela is on
TL is all about \"body counts\" .. what's the big obsession with these numbers? I don't get it.
wow going out east and still didn't get my fucking beta update.....
My dad lil fried muffin head ass walking around in the middle of the night
Ahora resulta que eres mas que los demas
And Beto just stood there watching it go in
It's between New York and Chicago. Carmelo has to decided is about winning or is it about money?
He might get mad but he is a solider lol he can suck it up
Happy birthday !! You're my fave have a great bday love you!
Your heart makes you do things at the moment, but your mind makes you think about it later
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Fingers crossed Friday I get I see my babe. I miss him so much.
Fault in our stars was tooo goood
Dont do it grandad , dont feed her!
Hating my car bcuz the only thing it can play is the radio and i can't even listen to most of the radio stations -_________-t
I hellllllllllllla miss hooping bruh. Cant wait till next month
pretty sure i can lay in my towel forever
All I want is a normal life. And that is something that I haven't had in nearly two years.
Some of yall girls still on the GIRL stage ... Yall need to start becoming a women
Back to back HR!!
Might not have my license till August. Looks like I'll be single for a lil minute!
Most Jewish rituals involve wine. I prefer to use really good beer.\n- Tonight's musical rabbi\n
Being in NYC for July 4th is about be turnt like shit smh.
Called it they are berserkers
So you're telling me that your leg naturally goes straight above your head when you go for a header. Bullshit. At least a yellow there.
This would be a great time to have Donovan
Grown man in suit licking his cookie on the subway. NY:1 JB:0
America.. Kickin ass and takin names since 1776.. Happy 4th everyone !!
I hate not knowing what to do
All I wanted to do tonight was tool around but me and Kri were drinking today so that wasn't an option lol
This episode of true life is awful. I feel so bad for this girl.
Golll carajo Bosnia que se puede!!!
Pharrell had 24 videos for this song , all an hour each. He deserved it off rip just for that
If i get up from my bed and my pools still not clear, someones getting hurt
It's either sweatpants or no pants
I ruin my own life looking at all these cute clothes on insta.
That meme is fucking hilarious to me
\"When I grow up to be a man \" by the beach boys is playing at the mall! sweet
A girl asked of she could make out with me so I said yes
Braces work wonders...you should try them
History Happens Here
No control Fuck Ken Lamar. Fuck you Kendrick!!!
\"Things change buddy\" \nOh... Thanks man
There's probably like three people that I really really really care about
Things I wonder on the train... Do active verified accounts get notifications to their phones?
Jesus gotta draft some new singers yo
Woah the ending of KB2 is so deep and profound
All these people having a fun summer and I'm pretty sure mines already over
Boom! A's win. Best record in the bigs (it's early, I know) and I'm almost on vacation!
I honestly used to hate my hair and now I love it, its apart of me.
Not to take anything away from these players, but I could score from that close.
IBIZA HERE WE COME\n\nin 2.5 monthz
Fuck you ! Had Howie been assaulted &amp; spoke his mind like you would have given him a raise!
The monster ficou show remixado bem melhor que a original so acho
Bring your love, baby, I could bring my shame.
So is J. kidd's legacy tarnished now? I guess it is from a stand point.
It sucks that my crib lacks so much munchies
There's like a 5% a goalie saves a PK this is kinda stupid.
there's just something so admirable about a boy with a good head on his shoulders
I love talking to you everyday
this is quite difficult for me
I have to take the medical papers in so I can get this job already
Headed to work so I can get off early to watch the vs match. Go !
I've had impeccable train timing today. Thank the gods!
so today every person living in America decides to be patriotic about their country sweet
We're looking for something dumb to do
Bagel and ice coffee so lawngeyeland
99 problems n you won't be one
Farrah Abraham is HANDS DOWN the worst singer\/person that I've ever listened to\/heard of
Doctors say I'm the illest cause I'm suffering from realness.
I was told the right things.
Eder,Portugal's own version of Prince Tagoe akoa asa!!!
Damn look at all the USA fans getting hyped af
Never feel like doing my own hair
Lost my temper there my bad.
I sometimes don't like the L train
I wish I was a only child, I wonder how different my life would be.
Like you told us you even like chemistry gtfo
Can I just be a Kardashian already?
If life brings you lemons\nBring margarita too\ncause we can totes make lemonita
Sometimes I wish I knew how to do hair, makeup, and dress a certain way but hey, I never had anyone to show me that lifestyle.
it's so fucking hot in my room
22 Jump street with the little sister in the most weirdest movie theather.... lol....
I'm getting forced to try and sleep bc I have no charger access where I'm sleeping at. Yyaaaaayyyy
Haha I can't get over this whole weekend. Much needed
I'll pay someone 200$ to watch me knock this nigga out tbh
If I'm not working , im spending money ..
Ain't going to practice tomorrow Fuck that shit I need a break from had The team except Angie,T,Red&amp; only ppl I can put up w\/
Lemme come around and boost your confidence.
Already over work &amp; I still have like 3 &amp; a half more hours xc
Why am I not on the beach?
USAAAAAAA MERICA BITch
Born a real nigga , imma die a goon .
matt healy is the reason for my existence
*Dad is drunk and comes in my room*\n\nHim: Elexus wanna know a secret?\n\n*wtf does this nigga want*\n\nHim: I made you \n\nOkay dad
Fifth, Fourth, Michele, Maris, kayo na lang ang pag-asa ko. Haha!
Wow I told my \"friend\" Miguel I was hungry so he facetimes me eating burgers. Like ok I'm not about to die from starvation or anything
Resisting the urge to go ham on some dumbass commentors. Fuck them. It's 4:34am. Let me beat my meat and go to sleep already.
I feel like a tourist when I visit different parts of Jersey
I trip to Much, lemme Calm down before I go bizaaaark on Him.
Nigga said i don't wanna roll a L wtf mmg
A new friendship closely resembles a breathe of fresh air.
Let me download IHeart radio to my phone.
Ok fuck this game I'm out. I won't sleep tonight now.
World War Z is actually a good movie .
I look ratchet and I don't even know how I got to work on time
HE TWEETED IT YAAASSSSS
STILL PISSED ABOUT BERNARD'S IN CASE YOU WERE WONDERING.
What are the rules of a penalty shootoff?
She sucked me off don't kiss that BITCH
Round 2 scores from Wednesday will get posted on here soon. Round 2 action also continues on Thursday!
My dad is talking about moving here. Like no.
Turn down for what comes on &amp; Stef's 10 year old cousin goes \"wow I love this song\"
I only took like 5 bites from my food, that's how sad I am
Clint Dempsey's rap \"it's poppin\" is not that bad
. . It's on. (Live tv pause!)
Fuck remember clickhole
CAM IS NOT GOING TO FUCKING CALL YOU. HOE SHUT THE FUCK UP
embarking on entourage
KRHV 301456Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 22\/13 A2984
If u call ur lover boo fukcin unfollow me rn
My stomach hurt from that liquor last night
I have no one but myself
Hate when girls sing from their nose.. You sound like u cant breathe.
Now that we display Gifs on Twitter...this is my new favorite account
I just saw a commercial featuring This makes me very happy.
Pacha going hard on 97.9 lol
Just keeps replaying over &amp; over in my head
Wishing that this bread that I'm silently stuffing myself with was better tasting cause its the only thing going making me feel ok right now
Its cold asf in Santa Cruz
Super pumped to see the founding members united! Amy Poehler and I go way back ;)
It sucks when you know you don't stand a chance but still lead yourself on anyway.
Trying to drop hints to bae
I have an outfit ready for the 4th of July but NOWHERE to GO !
The upside of moving; I \"have to\" finish all this bourbon...
Every pig looks better with some lipstick.
Wtf is happening outside rn. My god it's pouring like crazy
i would say go to hell but i never want to see your ass again
late night convos are the best
I would get ready but it's 7:30 and I don't feel like seeing people
this gay parade is causing traffic and the whole NYPD
This guy seriously needs to come wife me up instead
Dont be afraid to hmu\nIn a good mood
ITS HITTING ME SO HARD THAT YOUR NOT OUR LITTLE SECRET ANYMORE
When it come to stunting I'm like money man Mitch!
El vacilon be the boost in the morning
I literally have to be the only one that goes and buys 75 lbs of pet food at this hour
Me and my mom both don't know how to spell anything and it's a real struggle
Don't get me wrong I like social media as much as the next person..but some of you seem like you have no home training. *sigh*
Smh I was tryna look all cute and shit.
Wow the US got away with a clear foul in the box. Verrrrrry lucky
I'm very sad 2 hear that Lucky Cheng's will b closing this Sat...was part of their group for the Pride parade in the 90's..pic when I find
or before this week is up
Where are folks watching v today?
Diggin my Profile pic,why didn't i just upload this one instead
in two weeks!!
Doge 2018: such president - so platform - wow
Day 4 Dare to Stand Strong : Where ever my feet are standing, I'll show self-control!! Not procrastinating is a form of self control! :)
My ass is the only thing keeping me from having my pants fall to my ankles. Lol
It's not just Twitter. My phone thinks I am in San Francisco. But I'm not. I swear. I'm on Division St. \n\nRight? Right?
I hate when people snapchat me what they put on there story...like no I'm not going to respond
The last time I spent any significant time in a city I was in Greece so all these signs in English are a little disconcerting
.big day comin up, sure you want 2go thru with it? It's not 2 late to make a run 4 Mexi..Oh wait. Well played
USA seriously needs to work on keeping possession better. Ghana is an easy team to beat but you can't give up possession to Italy or England
Some girl named, \"Ashley Midden\" changed her Facebook status to: \"In a relationship with: Danny Fappiano
Watched the LEGO movie last night; can't get that song out of my head; don't really mind :|
Diganleee que sigo enamorada, cuentenle que me hace tanta faltaaa
My brothers got me doing workouts with him that he did in the hall holy fucccck.
every time i see this 1 person's snapchats or tweets i get super angry at that person and i dont know why
10 am open on Sundays is pretty much torture
I hate when people send me a snapchat but it goes on there story also
Take a chance you stupid ho
The A's Will Win. End Of Story
What a great start
My dad &amp; one of his brothers are the darkest out of there siblings. They prolly adopted!
U gotta chase dreams....and make them into reality
THIS IS A NAILBITER
true. hence, the reason stopped.
I'm dropping out of school and quitting all sports to follow my dream of a PRO pool player!
I've had better service at a gas station
\": you soon realize who's real and who's fake.\"
naturally curly hair but I'm gonna curl it anyway cause that makes sense
So you wouldn't see your favorite dj if it was an all age show...
I'm not saying nothing the whole game lmao
He don't need to hit you up. Tf.
Im really gonna miss everyone going to memorial .. But im still getting AC so
are you in a twerk team with girls on vine?
HA HA HA HA burn in hell.
I wanna clean my car but I'd rather get a nap in before my next doctor appointment.
Attention: Denver Girls\nDO NOT DATE a cheapskate like this BYOB boy, Bronco T.J. Ward\nTook his own bottle into a strip club \nAVOID Ladies
Wtf is that
This was a good game!
We don't have time to be sorry so baby be the life of the party
i sound like i always have a stuffy nose it sucks!!!
Ill be live with !! I have tickets forsale for 20$!! Hmu
SFXIX Wednesday Divsion Wk1 Ln1-3 Men &amp; a Baby, formerly Whiskee Rebellion, beat The Skeemosexuals 933-832
Why do people think it's acceptable to use a speakerphone in a public place -like on line in supermarket?
I really don't get out enough.
Alright bitch I get it, you slutty.
Shes freaky and she knows it
Watching on BET. Very interesting, the 3rd installment .
\"The Ultimate Authority\" Must Rest With The Individual's Own Reason And Critical Analysis. Dalai Lana
Fuck I love being an American
A Christian Republican \": 16. On a scale of Gandhi to Christian, how judgemental are you?\"
I couldn't be more disgusted to read that the have placed a call to Brad Richards
Lots of people will be shame eating hummus tonight.
it's 9 pm and I'm beyond ready go bed
US NEEDS TO SCORE 10 MORE GOALS FOR JOZY
It's not gonna feel right without the Senior Class that's graduating now, next year.
it's crazy how much ur life can change &amp; u have no control over it
Does anyone want to come help me pack? Or kill me? Either one sounds nice right about now
There goes my 4th of July
LeBwon is cwying
Oh c'mon - it's multifactorial, &amp; you are way too bright not to know religion is one of the significant factors!
Opening band just started. Still a wait before the wolves come on...
I love on - he's everything... \"Like whaaaaaat? Excuse me.\"
Shanks very much, Ronaldo!
Girls that smoke hold the key to the future...
Just can't get it right with you
I honestly cannot believe I stayed the whole 8 hours but I would have gotten yelled at by you know who if I didn't.
be real with me n I'll be real with youu
I don't want to live in a world without Netflix.
I ain't the one to play a fool
My Papa Bear is so cute. He's excited for me to cook him a meal later this week.
Summer is the punishment for demanding Mangoes &amp; Cherries.
Aqui dancando com o show como se n fosse acordar amanha as 7
I'm having a blast looking at Trying to figure out who these teams with no cap space are gonna move
3 broken ribs
I'm gonna give every homeless person a cellphone handsfree kit to wear so u won't be able to tell them apart from every1 else on the street
\": adj just told me! Let's do something Saturday night in Boston!\" we going to HIN! come with!
Miami over here getting they shit serve nigga omg
So much more to life than drinking, smoking and partying on holidays like this. Recognize what it's really about.
That was the scariest fucking dream ever
I fucking love Jeff right now like why are you so clutch
Defiantly needa have another day like this lol
Dont tell em, dont tell em
Garage party at the allen house swing by
Scrub a dub is a rip off!
Wonder who the caps will take now.....
Lacey Giselle and Kayla are very entertaining
Jess shows up to naps in Xmas attire and immediately orders an LIT
I fucking hate when guys ask me what im eating
I just shit myself
Just celebrating the history of America's Pastime on Independence Day.
Still got those backstreet boy feelsss in my system
wtf that's at least a yellow
I just saw a license plate with 'P3N15' omfg future care please
Havent washed my car in 2 days. im 2 days overdue
lmao not one single person has tried to find me. Fuck all of you.
i finally get to sleep in my own bed and i decide to take up 1\/3 of my bed....
that moment when you're midway through cooking and you realize OH THIS ISNT FOR PEOPLE EATING ALONE
On a scale from 1-10 how annoyed are Ethan and Cory?
He got 31 points tho OMFG
Con que no tiene novia, que chimba -.-
A guy at my job just called me a sharp knife....thank..you?
In other news I killed a fly. Left it on the floor to gloat and now I just stepped on it. Smfh.
So queen of England have to sign every leader in the world, because of international language?
legit stoked to go to Marshall's
When you don't know if they're loyal
Its just me and my computer
Senior night was the best\/saddest day
Clint Dempsey has returned! Broken nose, schmoken nose
Demo night! Finalists of with at
I don't even ask body counts I just judge off the way u act...
Like, i look at it, and i just want to tell a font to go fuck itself. A font
A Bon fire with some roasted marshmallows sounds like a good night any takers?
I hate when people complain to me at work it's like they think I care or something
If you are a female and you haven't seen 'The Other Woman', let me help you help yourself... watch it.
Looks ain't everything! If all you bring to the table is a few thousand followers and likes on pictures....... Do better lol
Blah blah blah
Wow messi that was wonderful.
I'm tryna get baked and watch nose trap
My body is grumbling... And I just ate...
birthday soon here .
Nothing says Happy Father's Day like a sharp arrow in the heart.
Haha just wait till later I'm gonna be saying the same shit about some other niggas
I haven't been this happy to see a team lose in forever
Someone watch deliver us evil with me so they can watch me die !!!
Then I slid away smooth little get away.
The winner of this could honestly end up winning the World Cup. Major battle here.
Off to Time Square
Love working with clients they are all great in different ways. I learn something about people everyday.
Cali girls are cool i guess. Lmao
AYYYYYYY Lionel Richie is that nigga
Plans with Lauren again on Saturday makes me excited!
Last thing i want rn is my mom asking me why
Been doing nothing all day
\": We really got kicked out of Bliss that's i n s a n e\"lol watcha do?
honestly, if you have a crush on me, now would be a perfect time to let me know. thank you!
Good morning ladies and gentlemen
\": lmao you sound like me bro\" &lt;= not that I'm complaining but jeez lol
What is with men tonight? Y'all finna have me shooting up houses.
we are so much more\nthan they let us be.
When u get aerated at EDC means you went to hard in the paint
It's over miami
I don't like when supervisors talk to me. Leave me alone
Hello fans! Be sure to boycott Pacquiao vs Algieri! GARBAGE FIGHT!
I see Google is working on new Android Studio based on IntelliJ. Maybe their dev tools will get better. Right now Xcode is light years ahead
Can I fast forward to the 21st pick please
\"You haven't dedicated nothing, you dedicated lies\"- ouch! Talking truth!
Already sweating and didn't even start lifting yet
I'll be livid if my power goes out
I love my cousin JJ. We maybe be mean af to each other, but it's all out of love!!
Beach day is much needed
Arrgggg. Popcorn stuck in my tooth.
Jon Cena thinks he's a gangster
No me Gusta esto, quiero Mi cell de Nuevo :'(
Never told my dad what a thot is but he still knows what it means hmmm
Over 3 yrs ago at 46 I left my and became an . has proved the wrong over &amp; over again.
Lol you're scummy and I feel sorry for you.
The dream goes on.
We're pretty much living in the future predicted by ROBOCOP huh
Portugal is playing sloppy...
21 jump street on FX? Yussss
Baby I do this I thought that ya knew this
Exactly 2 years ago today you've been gone and I still think about you daily
\": booty call hours are between the hours of 12-3 .\" Hmu in two hours lol
Build a full stack app tomorrow at online event learning 8, cdi, responsive, valo and jpa with
Just took the best, most needed nap ever
I don't even think there's a word for the mood I'm in
Instead of trying to be an OB\/maternity nurse, I'm considering Pediatrics!
Lets fucking GOOOO!
so since I graduated now can I holllaaaaaa at my teacher or ......
To the middle-aged couple displaying public affection right next to me in the theater: can u not?
Lo vale la pena llorarle a la que no se queda
Overheard a group of 11 year olds discussing OITNB today at work. When I was that age, I watched Bratz movies... not softcore lesbian porn
My sister messages for me when I'm too sagged
How can people do it with no job ?
your significant other should never feel unwanted
Pop feel like god right now. Just knocked off the Heat..
Ultraviolence is life rn
I say the crazzziest shit when I'm wasted
i want finger tattoos but nothing on the back of my hand.
Okay na ako sa Katwan ko di mataba di payat.
Curiosity might kill the cat, but you're a fish, not a kitty.
cr7's a fuck boi
I dont think he does :( RT \": Wonder where Louis sees Kagawa in his plans?\"
I wouldn't date someone just cause they're famous or rich. If date you it's cause I actually like you and I have feelings for you..
WHY DO PEOPLE WANT TO HAVE CONVERSATIONS OVER SNAPCHAT
Today has honestly been the best day ever sucks another year not spending it with my father but being w my family kept my head up
The guy next to me knows nothing about soccer and all he does is tell every time we touch the ball
Not only are there weird scary characters in Times Square but now let's add a bunch of clowns to it!!! HELP!!!
\"Can we leave yet?\" \"No I'm sewing my pants!!\"
Clear eyes, open mind, full heart.
Sometimes I have to literally stop myself from shouting out \"yes papi!!!\" At the gym...
Why do weird ppl follow me
I had a protein bar for breakfast, protein shake for lunch, and I just had an ensure-.- need to go grocery shopping:\/
Neither team can read that sign....
I want TV, L, and Wear so bad.
that hurt me to watch
Blowing money cause you dieing if you don't live
We will never ever ever be apart.
The beat goes on &amp; on &amp; on &amp; on &amp; on
I can't afford to waste my time.
Niggahs Weren't Lying When They Said High School Goes By Real Quick
Literally just found the most accurate memo on twitter
Why even bother inventing white bread. Honestly
Chair Dif ain't the same dude anymore.
American fans looking like they went to the wrong tailgate
someone PLS GIFT me Shawn's new single and i will love you forever
Can this chicken cook faster? I'm starving over here...
lmfao this one dude got knocked out by q for trying to take his bucket hat when q was crowd surfing
America? Fuck yeah!
Here's something I never thought I'd say: Julian Green will be an absolute celebrity at next month in Portland.
\": I mean, im still very aggressive cus im spanish. Im crazy. But im not constantly beating someone becus they annoy me\" lol bye
Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too.
\": I guess your not the person I thought you were.\"
Like you're lucky I'm rocking you on my skull Joshua
Wow I really wish I could get out of bed
The Red Sox have officially become a joke. There needs to be some major action taken this offseason if we ever want to compete again.
My back hurts. One pro of having a significant other: back massages.
They literally will not allow you to come back in
The amount of excited I am for Europe is off the charts
There's a million you's, baby boo, so don't be dumb. I've got 99 problems and you WON'T be one.
Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too?
BITCH DONT KILL ME VIBE FORREAL
If I took a shot for every person I saw in olympic 6,7 or carmines today with a american flag shirt with stars id have alcohol poisoning.
I didn't cry while watching The Fault In Our Stars does that mean I'm heartless?
Le voisin est tellement gros , que quand il ouvre sa braguette , y'a un tremblement de terre by
When leaving the train, please watch the gap.
Costa Rica in the quarter finals!!!!!! I am liking this World Cup thingy.
The spurs are embarrassing the heat.
Ppl taking this ice challenge thingy too serious..what's it for anywase??? Has any1 turned it down &amp; actually donated???
it better be beautiful outside tomorrow. I'm tryna go to the beach
Well that just ruined my day
I had a smooth morning\/afternoon now I'm just tryna kick it @ my aunties house
have a great weekend followers and enjoy your holiday week.
Sometimes in life you'll feel surrounded by droids but remember no matter what, a clone army is going to come in and save the day
Gregor \"Cute Face\" Blanco is up at bat. Giants fans, this is the start of our comeback.
Turn your TV off and listen to music
Why is Latch such a phenomenal song
Soo many mosquito bites
Every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Messi dodging that tackle before the goal like a fancy car with that new collision avoidance technology
Lmao my old middle school teachers getting crunk at my bar
LOL WHY YOU STILL TRYNA GET WITH UNDERAGE KIDS YOURE AN ADULT
I'm 99% sure whatever happened on is more and\/or less interesting than you are all making it seem. Kudos on your opinions.
Game of thrones is grippy AF
Don't talk to me w that limited vocabulary
And to all a good night. Sleep well, or have a great day\/morning where you may be or live at this point and time. Life's 2 short not to live
So a nobody decided to make fun of me for meeting Gaga..
The commercial where Nelly shows the honey nut Cheerios bee how to be cool is embarrassing for honeybees, rappers, and everything in between
Last day of a quick trip to Cali. Gonna make the most of it!
Damn I actually don't have any white red or blue clothes...
Cesar is so sweet. He's like \"let's have breakfast tomorrow?\"
Looks like I've got big plans ahead of me... Things are changing for the better
If you got Storm 3 on ps3, come get this work
Is ashton still a bubble blower\/astronaut or na
lol we're down to get a motel like were only needing it to crash for like a few hours who cares if its ugly lmao
On a mission to try and get into the avicii concert
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say NOTHING
Vou esperar a Pizza chega depois vou me larga a ver TVD *-*
Asked the guy at AC Moore if he had wood n got looked at funny ...... Just trying to make a craft dude.......................
Geriatric airport bartender are my favorite. They always have a story to tell
Oh no oh no. Lafayette is the best!
Jogging male: you have horrified me by clutching your paunch with both hands while you chug along.
People in willow glen are so jaded and sheltered. just take a look around you. see that there's more in the world than what's in your bubble
Steph curry with the shot boy! we dead are fuck bois
This head cold is a biggggggg deb. I think drinking lots of mimosas before my plane ride home will help -__- Haha
My bathroom door just opened by itself...
Oh sakes, Parks got Korynn walking around my house asking where uncle bones is!! Ahaha
Whoa ! Keep the pace.
I could go for a milkshake from the counter rn
LOL SHE BROUGHT HER DAD INTO THIS
Thank you to bh for singing me happy bday! Definitely was missing all of nst8 tonight tho.
I just back up a van out of a driveway that was boxed in
Saw you by food 4 less...I was creepin
There's this fuckin gay dog named Tristan here (gay) and I'm gettin him all fired up.
Peace of mind ...# Williamport , Pennsylvania. .
the only reason I'm glad I came home is because my mom made my fave dinner.
Let's make this clear. If you gotta problem, solve it.
USA, COME ON MAKES US PROUD! USA! USA! USA!\n
You aren't allowed to be hot and have a hot boyfriend it's so mean
I have a problem with swallowing gum
I feel like I haven't been home in weeks.
You get in trouble for being honest you get in trouble for lying
Idky they're giving up it's only a 18 point game
i buy such pointless shit lmao i need to stop
\"Everyday I'm here I try to write songs\ncause I know the beat'll last longer than my heart will\"
Me gusta cuando mordes la puntita loquitaaa
Can you believe Tom McCarthy caught Freeman's homer on Comcast broadcast from center field? Nice catch
ain't no reason runnin after something already gone
it's 6 am..why am I up so early? my dad isn't even getting up for work lol
I don't have a \"only one\" ya niggas stay tryna be special.
This week just keeps getting better and better tell ya what.
God I really love John Mayer.
Don't be naive, have respect, and I'll see ya in a year and a half when I can slap my paper in your face.
It never gets easier you just get better
Let me go smoke cuz I feel like this is gonna be a thing.....
host of Cupcake wars just said \"in poker, it's easy, you either have a winning hand or you don't..\"
who wants to go see think like a man too, 22 jump street and the fault and our stars this weekend with me? or sometime soon
\"i can turn tofu into unicorn horns... oh and i'm 79 years old... but honestly i'm 81.\" - zoe: real age of 10 \n\n
Christiana's calling is to be a hibachi chef
Why is it so impossible to make plans idk
So rihanna &amp; karruche both gone be at the Awards Lol this gonna be comedy
This moment has caused, a reaction. \nResulting in the, reattachment.\nGirl you take me, to nirvana.
Watching Arsenio Hall 2.0 for the first time tonight, delighted to discover that he has not retired the signature arm move.
Getting frustrated with Mario Kart 8. I'm not having any luck getting more than Silver on 150cc
Not a gambling woman, but signing a lease today for a rent stabilized apartment felt p much like hitting the lottery.
What a beautiful shot
Spurs offense is unbeatable !
I told Caroline to 'get over it' and she goes 'Anne I'm not under anything' \nl0l
Can't believe I got into a car accident, it was probably the scariest things I have ever happened but thank god and I are okay
Sergio literally threw his phone across the street. R.I.P
My ex be like imma fuck around and be on some bullshit but u better not move on Lmfao bye
Adrien mom is such a cutie
Or the dreads of course
Replaced my stabilizer link and now my cars handling is on point. Now I just need to change these naked ass tires.
Justin: \"Cassie, I have pokemon on my phone, does that make me cool? \"
Both my brothers owe me about 300 dollars and they still haven't paid me
Some people creep me the fuck out
lol dat nigga senni too funny
Baseball is so fucking boring lmfao
El arbitro principal es de Argentina
Never knew how much me and my dad think alike
When your weed falls on the ground&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Best times to shoot right there. Keeper can't see shit with everyone in the way.
My soul is empty and full of white girls
Great times for the open mic. If you missed this week, it's every Wednesday at 11pm
Pple in NYC are NOT homeless they are drug addicts dealing with their drug addictions with family at home. Thats why I aint give ya shit!
Think for yourself and you'll find out that a lot of those so called authorities are bullshit
I wonder what john ukuncs thinking LOL
Who wanna get tatted wit me today?
Wait Jhene Aiko x John Legend collab please
Culture shock is such a real and relevant thing just
Can't listen to NPR because it's all &amp; sports talk is all about how much the suck. Is there a Unicorn talk station?
Omg that goal
Lol I have this picture that happens to be pretty ridiculous
\": I ain't got no bae.\"
There better be prime parking tonight at work
I force Cassie to try on clothes that don't fit her for entertainment
i come around, she leave that nigga like he ain't matter.
Student in the hallway: \"Bro, I'm so proud of you!\" \nTurns to other resident:\n\"He got laid! Bro, he hit a home run!\"
Best thing by far about flying US domestic: sky mall. But I'm going to need to see that king size bedroom suite before committing.
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be and I don't wanna go home right now
I'm the first one to hate girls for not knowing shit about sports, but come on these boys are beautiful
Rough night but at least he slept an extra 90 min this morning.
Its always the ones that say u got hoes that b havin da hoes lol ...
I let into my life, so don't treat me like a second choice.
But I like John Legend sanginn.
I sound like the most redneck person that ever lived on snapchat...
How do you have a family but claiming single life !?
Long Dar at work. Treated myself to a Vanilla coke
Best response is ignore it: don't even give them clicks. RT : It's never worth complaining about anti-soccer articles.
\": WATCH ME BRO, WATCH.ME. \" don't worry. prob already is
That was such a sick shot
\": in hindsight, wade might be a tad bit washed up\" lmao
Ugh I don't like my real family please take me back to my Spanish host fam.
OCHOA IS MEXICOS ANGEL I SWEAR I FUCKING LOVE HIM
Rise Above ALL Self-imposed limitations!
I feel like I need to have burgers and beer for dinner.
Never thought I'd break my arm honestly lol
Correction on the Mercury retrograde. \nIt occurred on 6.7.14\/7:56am ET. Direct-\n7.1.14\/8:50am ET. Out of shadow 7.15.14
\"Don't test me bitch. Yeah. That's right. IM HOT!! The construction worker at work is OBSESSED with me\" summer 2014
Just because the past didn't turn out like you wanted it to, doesn't mean your future can't be better than you've ever imagined.
Once I enlist gonna buy a brand new one
Go to sleep at night. And don't procrastinate.
a lot of fax machines going on rn
Don't send me snaps with some girl, I don't do that to you. Actually coulda been a boy, couldn't tell
when you're so afraid you start balling in front of your co worker&lt;&lt;&lt;
I'm still complaining about the fact I can wear my cowgirl boots with my gown on Friday like no Why does my gown have to be so damn long!?
I could imagine if he want bin injured Colombia woulda be d side to beat
Couldn't word my tweet correctly , fuck it
New York Wild Af This Summer.
I'm gonna fucking kill a bitch
Way too long - Kixxie Siete is amazing!!
The memory of ego death is still prominently alive, deep within the mind. And that changes you, whether you have or not.
Ugh Di Maria is such a fuckn beast! He better stay in Real Madrid forever
well this isn't going to work out well
Let's go next man up!
Dempsey be like \"Coach I broke my nose!\"
My heart is skipping so so bad at the river. :( bad start to my vacation.
I wish Alicia would've flipped out... And ya know... Attacked Cameron...
get it wetter than it raining
\"He stole from me\" well damn
Dang the Royals are playing well
Brett Gardner is the most underrated player in the MLB.
My life is a fucking joke
My dad told me I look like shit right now -.- lol why would I get ready to be at home all day
I was tall in middle school but now everyone is taller than me \/\/:
all these girls need to stop with the negative guy tweets.. we aren't all bad
when charles and ajene are bullying me my friends just sit back and favorite their tweets =,[
you know you love me \n XOXO,\n gossip girl
Bouta get this room come fuck with me
Come on, ragers. It's not like they've cornered some lucrative job market. Free markets demand respect for business owners.
Enough with those stupid DM games
Don't let your dreams be dreams.
Picked up games with this win. 6-1\/2 back. Correct me if I'm wrong...
I just had the most brolic Iftar ever
Y'all some direct message ass niggas
CLINT!!!!!!!!! Captain Marvel!
Most coked out cab driver ever+priceless experience= free ride. Not worth it in my book
Missing the Nola fam so hard tonight but with by my side I can take on the world.
If ya wanna find out someone's flaw, all you have to do is look past the text bar on their snapchats.
4 years, and that's how you treat her.... Wow
You could hear the crowd singing The National Anthem and it was amazing.
Just ate pizza, chicken fingers, fries and hot wings.
Our flight attendant is super chipper at 6am. Surprisingly, I'm ok with that!
Barely made the train. on Bart On way to city. Job is arranging a car to pick me up to get to work by candlestick.
Gonna see Jersey boys gonna bring my dad memories
On Saturday, ate Wendy's baconator jr for lunch!
I'll be ready to kill my mom in approx. 10 minutes
just drove past french montanas house and possibly french montana
Definitely earned my family tech support merit badge tonight.
The most powerful force in the universe is compound interest.
My left eye won't stop tweaking. I should really get some sleep
I know we're only one episode into this but idk i really liked 3B
I'm very confused, people calling me.... Texting like we don't even talk wtff
My hippie teachers were the fucking best!
The fact that I have the Spice Girls and Pink Floyd on the same playlist tells you everything you need to know about me.
Ok get em i got em , point them out and i got em
What happened to Cesar Covarrubias ? Lol
Ill play FIFA but watching.... Nahh lmao
Right. Every fucking time you have to have to have to put your two cents in.
tea reminds me of my grandmas house
FUCKING SMOKE DETECTOR WONT STOP GOING OFF! AAHHHHH FUCKKKKK\nI'm trying to enjoy some House of Cards rn.
Gonna feel like such a mom taking my cousins to the zoo tomorrow
I've got pictures from a world that seems like a lifetime ago.
It's finally time for the 2014 Draft! I'm looking for the to draft Sam Reinhart, then trade up to get Alex Tuch.
That nigga form played on damn son
You said \"push you're pride aside\" but we know I'm too stubborn.
Road Trip and underrated funny ass movie
How many times is this bitch on going to talk about her relationship with Alexander McQueen??
I miss my old frandz
I wish I had Wrecked on vinyl.
crying bc how am I going to text him.
What a laugh. You invent imaginary scenarios and demand \"evidence\" they could never possibly transpire? :
I'm about ready to switch over to another carrier
Of course the lights go out for 5 seconds while I'm taking a fucking piss. FUCK YOU MOTHER NATURE.
I like that gets my soul.
I should probably stop going our half naked &amp; I wouldn't be getting sick but I hate clothes sooo
Question for my Republican friends. When GOP votes against upping funds for vets or vs equal pay for women, how do u process that?
I haven't been this bored in a while omg
Messi's girlfriend is hot
Hawa is the baddest bitch and she is better than u
Granted my experience is singular. I just want to meet these CEOs that are anti-birth control
Zac done fucked up
Looking forward to working Fordham's one day camp today.
Sworee I'd never fall in love again.mp3 :))
Definitely need to fit a donut or two into my macros tomorrow
you must be one sensitive ass nigga if you block your ex girl on every social media and number lmao
Ir pra Times Square agora &lt;3
Really getting fucking pissed off home doing absolutely nothing
Spotted on the steps of the MET
Another shoot down today now otw to shoot my upcoming dance video!
All I'm saying is there better be a blowjob and a raise waiting for me on July 1st.
Damn someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed
La cama debe de estar muy buena.... .|.
Has anyone told Adam Pascal that his vibrato sounds like a bad rock climbing accident yet?
I dont know why I didnt think to record jumping that fence today.. Good times
I wonder if Haley took that in a bad way lmao I was just playing
No support was all the support I needed
I'm not looking for the best players, Craig. I'm looking for the right ones
I feel ready for this chem regents. Hopefully that doesn't change once I open it
Greece played atrocious this game, if they win they can thank all their gods vs
Girls turn into hoes for about a month, sometimes longer, after they get out of a relationship.
When I'm on the phone with Jared and he plays video games, he tells me consistently how much he hates them but refuses stop playing
There's a Geordi Laforge action figure at my local thrift shop. Buy or no buy?
A wise person once told me \n\" Once your followers send you daily nudes you have become something more then just a @ \" \n- Seriously happend
New single from Clint Dempsey's rap mixtape: \"Hips Don't Lie\"
Tea time an roll up time
Does anyone know What periods we have tomorrow??
Are america soccering?
She was some fb famous bitch lmfaooooo I'm dead moe
I've been at best buy for the past two hours someone rescue me
All kidding aside, great trade by Neil, because I think Grilli is done. Hopefully Ray can fix EF mechanics.
There was $678.96 saved up on it that was supposed to be mine this is why I hate everyone
Bitch got more pics of ass than a Victoria's Secret catalog
and I still get lost in your eyes &amp; it seems that I can't live a day without youuuuu
Time for some Tim Horton's coffee... I am a fiend...
Rt \": I just won a bet with Sean that Andi would say \"mussels in Brussels.\"\"
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY KIDS AT THE AIRPORT
Idk what color to dye my hair
GET ME OUT OF THIS HELL HOLE
Visiting Haitia with the Franco's &amp; this summer
2\/4 of my sunshines are in LA . onfkamfamd
That in n out earlier was so good
Yet again my school makes another terrible choice by having graduation rehearsal tomorrow at 8 in the morning...
\"you should study!\"\n\"nah I got this \"
After watching the no hit the Padres, at the to watch the mini-Giants beat the Nuts.
Aron Johansson is good tho
Bruh how you not gonna stay we got wayne ellington that guys like mj
I should be doing hw what am I gunna tell my teacher \"a teen wolf marathon and the premier of season 4 was on no time I'm sorry\"
610: remember us laughing at the serious ratchetness lmao!
If you're a scam embrace it, don't be fronting on twitter like you're bad and you really not
Are you ready to get ditched?
\"Alright, Watters, this is what separates the men from the boys.\" -what I'm thinking every time I try to spell \"hors d'oeuvres\" from memory.
a bear name hitler that smells like bombshell
we all gotta move on sometime .
I want my bottom belly button pierced too it looks really cool
I have absolutely no self restraint when I know there is green tea mochi ice cream in my freezer
Put me on the cover of a Rolling Stones
Often inclined to borrow somebodies dreams till tomorrow
Dam now I'm gonna miss the BET awards....
I don't have to act like my age I can be 18 and act like I'm 12 thanks
Never thought could get any better on that bike , man was I wrong look at that post him and meek just posted
\"call me a Fob bc I am in fact a \nfabulous. oriental. being.\"\n - quote of the night
I mean seriously, still baffled at what virgins smell like....
Marko swears up and down he has bitches texting him
TIM HOWARD SAID FUCK YOUR MOHAWK
I can't deal with immature people bro, females can't have me friends w\/o being something
as DH hits 2-run double against
Wish I had a jai as my bf. She's the luckiest girl and he's the luckiest guy. Awww
i just add them to my list
Id like to give a shout out to &amp; lol! You girls should know whyyyyyy!
What is the purpose of infinite lifeless universes
i want 2 burn some1 w\/ a cigarette
Honestly if the referees were doing they job on point Mexico would be first out that group
When people have the audacity to flip you off when you pass them, and they are going 20 under the speed limit.
People keep posting pics of cookies. I need cookies now.
I have this underlying fear about chem, yet I'm not doing anything about it oh well
Sorry but Ecuador was garbage in this World Cup,
Mario Kart 64 is pissing me off so hard right now.
If they're going to spend this entire episode in Mexico talking about how they need to find Derek, I will throw a fit.
A mi me tienen que querer siempre, no a ratitos.
This Starbucks experience is taking too long.
I'm so mad. That's why u bring donovan
Mashing some 5.0s at this camp can't wait for some more training tomorrow!
Aaaah ya knew it was coming, kinda against the run of play with Bosnia probing, clinical strike from Messi, good passing from Argentina.
Going to bed at 9 sounds ideal
Dumbass carmen would get chile in her eye lmaoo
Cory in the house is on xD
Holy shit! Tmrw is chem regent....
if anyone is willing to drive to McDonald's and bring me one, I would love you forever
I don't think I've ever been this happy to drink water
that haircut is offside tho
The event is to bring attention to &amp; , hope attendees sign up to mentor &amp; volunteer
Sometimes I just go into LUSH to feel loved.
Nope no no no no nope not at all please no don't. Hoping for a swift return
So tempted to sing rise and shine right now.
I HATE TERRY CREWS! I CAN'T STAND HIM I'M SORRY BUT I HATE HIM LIKE I HATE SHAQ
Was just at photo show, Boi\/Butch: Portraits of Masculine of Center Identity. So many gorgeous people... in photos and in the room. Heaven.
If you are a hipster and you know it clap your hands. Listen to Phantogram.
My mom changed all the presets in my car radio to K-Love
I was really wildin last night
At least im finally leaving the bay
Tu y Yo bailando banda, no se piensalo :3
Here we go with the CM Punk chants!
I have to go to school tomorrow :(
I use a lot of napkins at any given moment.
Once you put something on the internet, you can't take it back, and that's why I'm glad I didn't have twitter in 7th grade
Up watching chowder with my cousin.
IG &amp; Facebook is boring now a days if you ask me .. Same crap posted on all of them
On a Wednesday night at 9pm in June, Union Square is perfect.
1-0 baby . Revenge is sweet !!!!
Shawn's YOUNOW is glitching so much I can't even see him
Everyday my grandma tells me not to wish my life away
\": kinda miss those days, not gonna lie\" those were ugly shutup ho
40 Year Old Virgin really is one of the funniest movies ever
The Parker Show.
Golazoooooooo del puto amoooooo!!! 2-0
I'm the only ethnic\/POC at this marina &amp; restaurant
I wonder if pitbul has concerts. He probably couldn't fill a concert hall.
The pks have been real good !
Take me back to that time when you loved me
I hate when people tell me to smile at work. Like no, fuck you.
Finally home! and already looking forward to my coffee in 4 hours lmaoo
I bet Patina Miller always burns her grits. I can hear it in her voice.
The 1000th person to add the \"Botangle\" username on Yo that person receives $1000!
I DIDNT POOP THE BED ITS CHOCOLATE
ARE THEY REALLY MAKING LOOKING FOR ALASKA A MOVIE OR IS THIS A JOKE CAUSE I WILL CRY
It's a shame when you watch someone become the exact thing they used to despise
I'm glad this is happening though. Like I said this morning. 4 great games does not mean buy. Fix the future.
It's sad when ppl hate on others when their lives are all pathetic and sad
You're not real if you don't watch soccer in Spanish
Get faded turn up with the big boys
THIS IS THE 2ND TIME IVE TAKEN A BIG ASS GULP OF WATER THINKING ITS WATER BUT ITS VODKA
I still really want a record player and vinyl copies of my favorite albums
all i see is red white + blue \n...on the cop car behind me \n
These California beaches won't know what hit them when I show up in my American flag speedo today.
Buuuuut I'm a good kid and don't smoke or drink..
trying out this Chinese bakery in Chinatown
my life would be ten times better if i could see in the flesh just one more time
If you can't handle what I or anyone else has to say...too bad for you. I can't cater to weak hearts forever. I'm sorry
This is not okay omg AHHH
Come on dad... I know this car can go faster they 90 right now
On my feet. Vamos Costa Rica!!
Like for money, rides, food, etc. Like they have no interest in them other than getting shit
If this hurricane fucks up fireworks for tonight ....
Going to coasters in Santa Cruz rinow with come meet up
\"national white association\" bitch that's the kkk
if you a kiss and tell, keep it moving ...
Niggas know I'm king but they don't wanna crown me
Keeper didn't even move WHAT A SHOT
traffic traffic looking for my chapstick feeling kinda carsick there's a ford maverick
no dejo de ver el video de demi &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
Everyday &amp; prove to be the best band in the world.
Can't watch teen wolf until 11 , not going. On twitter
WHAT A FUCKING SHOT JONES!!
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value\n-Einstein
Scotty doesn't know that Fiona and me do it in my van every sunday
Thank god this year is over dude
And I made him cry
INTERNET es el MEDIO!!!\nViva la Protesta,,el Gobierno CLAUDICA!!!\nSomos Sabor a Pueblo \n
I think I wanna watch Chris Rock stand ups after this lol them shits the only ones that make me laugh od
I think they need to grow the grass a little longer at so players don't keep slipping
Soooooooooooo when is Dean Ambrose going to be announced in the match?
Happy Birthday one of the best role models to ever play sports. Have a good 40th captain.
Guy started talking to me on the subway and I almost got off at the wrong stop to get away
Following an earlier incident at Forest Hills-71 Avenue, and trains has resumed with residual delays.
lmao I walked 5 blocks to get ice cream today
I haven't backslid and I'm still losing fat but I don't want to wait 3-4 years to lose every ounce of fat from my body. Time to step it up.
eating a piece of grilled chicken and wishing i could be eating a piece of cake........
\"Whirlpools take you to a different dimension\" -
I don't feel like decorating my cap hope I'm not the only one.. Actually I don't really care if I'm the only one
I'd like to turn into a just to avoid aging and\/or wrinkling. I'll be a vegan vamp however.
Girls hmu if you wanna come, free ride, free liquor, everythingggg !!
Mother to child in Coney Island: \"I'm gonna F*ck you up!\" Seriously? This place really does attract the lowest common denominator.
Dear Vietnamese people, you may have won the war, but I can still drink your coffee in the lower east side of LES and that's enough for me.
Ughhh........ that pretty much sums it up
Ruud van Nistelrooy. Now that is a name.
Don't say shit you don't mean
I wish I went to the type of school that allows you to return anytime you want during the summer because I swear everyone would be in Buff
4 min left...down by 18 and James, wade, and bosh are out.... kobe would never sit down until clocks at zero
A lot of people are dead to me now....
Joe Biden is my dude.
A guy should NEVER hit a female... \nBut some of y'all girls be trying to get y'all asses beat.
Olivia won't let me cuddle with her
should i even try? you'll never call me :(
USA is actually holding up pretty good than i expected
I've only slept at home twice since school ended.
Laid back in a thrift store beach chair dropping limes into a corona
Might as well be this girl ppl think I am
About to roll deep to this colts neck party who's coming?
The Knicks finally have point guards!
I honestly feel sick to my stomach lol
Tengo la sensacion de que paso mas tiempo en Cantora que en mi propia casa
yay! almost done packing! hopefully we're moved in all by tomorrow or Tuesday!
Ever single fight I ever got in was because I was defending a friend lol
IM SO PROUD!!! HE HIT NUMBER ONE!!! IM CRYING!!$
I wear many hats in my life but my favorite hat of all is the one that says \"Dad\" on it!
(pt) So, 3 weeks of raiding Palestinian homes all over West Bank, 8 Palestinians killed - while the 3 Israeli teens lay in a shallow grave?
Call that chicken UK how to jerk it
WHY ARE THERE NO NICE NOT NICE WISE GUYS TURNED SINGERS ANYMORE?
Luke Hemmings from 5sos if ya want to follow me before I go workout that'd be rad
will I regret not buying this Star Trek pullover?
If you're not saying thank you at every second of every day, regardless of pain of pleasure, you're not doing it right.
it'd be one thing if I was a fraud, but I'm really not. I'll make you fall in love with me without even trying.
This US game is disgusting
GET YO ASS HOME TOO OMARION
Good choice Jason Kidd. You shouldn't of had to coach a bummy team.
I don't understand why it's so hard for people to stop drinking.
Exactly my thought\": derrick RT : Adonis is the\"
Holy fuck. Emma stone is so attractive.
Common is having a pretty good game tbh
i feel the pressure on my head fuck
Portugal is mad
How do you politely tell someone to stop asking you on dates when you've already said no ?
All I want is to call him and hear his voice and him talking to me....
Mcwraps , basically an orgasm in a wrap
i am really getting tired of everybody
I hate seeing all these corny BS love quotes
une meuf elle me refile une mst genre HIV jlui coupe une oreille et jlui enleve ces ongles i swear ! protegez vous
I'm about to go to bed
Let's fucking go
I just held up a magnifying glass to my boobs to make them appear larger.
Third base without David Wright is like a day without sunshine
Before you give up find an excuse to win
I work so hard to be good with mario
I wanna go to night beach
Nicole was my road dog \nit'd do anything for her, she'd do anything for me.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL!!!! HE STUNNED THE GOALIE!
And in the end\n\nJabes doesn't even matter
Pedro just threw a chair In the pool
The only thing gayer than an Abba song is an Abba cover song
only in it for the twitter flags
3 hours until I have to be awake to get on my plane to see Michael, still not fully packed and can not sleep
Can someone out there drive me to work tomorrow at 430 it's so important !!!!
gonna have to wake up early tomorrow and it's almost 2 and were not done packing yet
Kawhi aint a star yet, gotta see how he handles a full load during the regular season.
THAT GOAL LOOKED LIKE LIBERTY
Last night my friend almost jumped a guy at the bar bc 'he reeked of Tory' and I had to talk him down and wow
If they're already cute then get short hair, Asian girls are even cuterrrrrrr
Getting paid to shoot M9s all weeks. I'll take it
nobody is ever really who they say they are.
When a guy try's to pull up next to me at a light.. I inch up and act like I don't peep
Behind close doors you are probably the biggest bitch
All me and corona have done today is watch Orphan Black and Who's Line Is It Anyway and this is okay
au where john takes sam and dean to a hotel instead of a motel because he got a load of cash
props to Jeff Davis for the CINEMATOGRAPHY of Season 4 ep 1. FANFRICKENTASTIC MOVIEFYING SKILLLSS
I love red wine but even just one class dehydrates me and wakes me up early :(
That fucking curve OMG
let me hit it from the back girl i wont catch a hernia
big bites &amp; scratches &amp; bruises but niqqa we made it
\"Keep on asking, and you will receive what you ask for. Keep on seeking, and you will find. Keep on knoc...\" Matthew 7:7
Way too emotional
Gone for a week and I didn't even take a selfie
LATER PORTUGAL HAHAHAHAH
I wish a pro wrestling company would try an angle with heel authority figures. That would be original and unique.
I can't wait till the Afro comes back. Gonna be like
OMG I was freaking out for no reason
Oh wait I can't have that cake cuz I'm allergic to gluten. Shit
when ur friends believe liars over u....
That's literally so rare for me it's sad
Dammit, I'm probably not going to wake up for the game ;( vs
Congress should be a vital operating machine! Your Congress was shutdown tight at a cost of 24 billion $ Change needed!
Congratulations, Al Lewis on being named editor-in-chief of - business on the beach!
Spurs win tonight
Is it sad that this is the first time I got tips done?
Ight it's time to save up for a car
Todo en la vida tiene final :)
How good is The Godfather book? I already know what happens and I still can't wait to read the last 50 pages.
Ooooo you got what I neeeeeed
And we'll all float on okay
If your a valedictorian and you don't recite Gwen Stacy's graduation speech I probably hate you
Do I wanna pay $250 to go to Osheaga? (Hint: the answer is yes)
I need to make a photo journey: Brooke's eyebrows throughout the years
I'm not even home and my moms still being a bitch to me. How does that even happen?
My mom is SO going to kill me hahaha
This maybe over for Miami.... Wade looks defeated
OMGE I locked my keys in my trunk at my house!!
I wish I wish With ALL my heart .. I get a fukking Job
His money on the side, his money in the side makes me a sad sad boy.
The way I fuck er you would think I love this bitch.
i'm angry but i still love you
*fat cat considers career in politics*
Obx bound for a much needed vacation
Yeah I did not tan... I just got dark:\/
Kak, Zara summer sale Kak. Mari menunaikan ritual setahun sekali ini. Shall we?
Athletic guys are great, but that doesn't mean it's alright for them to be dumb.
we all scared to be doing that yet we all post it
Second time seeing the fault in our stars and I still don't think it's sad
IF I CALL YOU, I CALL YOU FOR A DAMN REASON SO THE LEAST YOU COULD DO IS CALL BACK OH FUCKING KAY.
Last day in San Francisco. You're one sexy city you know that?
Clint Dempsey Wow
Trying to get out of Mapleton when you don't live there is like navigating through a maze
I love me guys with a good sense of style
That's my baby!!!!!!!!!!!
You think you are funny ... haha no stfu
Don't let this go to overtime boys one last bit of magic please!!!
Workers at the court house know Johanna and I as the girls with the burrito
At the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, saw a toddler whining, asking his mother for 'Facebook'.
Honestly I rather have a faithful guy then a hot guy
Isaiah never was good at listening to wise advice lol
My family needs a reality show
It's when u been thru shit u become wise an learn from the big mistake you made before
Sooo my hubby's boss have him tickets to the Yankees game tomorrow wooo get to see Jeter in his final year
GOALLLL USA USA USA USA USA
......and thats y i hate black people
Seems like everyone is getting Starbucks or wants Starbucks ....
I have spent way too much money this month
You have a one man advantage and you still lose, good shit Greece
two of my black coworkers wanted to go out, and what did they choose, Dallas BBQ , &amp; what did they get? A dozen of wings ... how ironic lol
Joey Quinn in \"Dexter\" is a complete sav.
Im tired but i don't feel like sleeping
Who wants to drive me to SF Pride
The word \"just\"amazes me. This four litter word has like 5 meanings and you can use it for so much it's a cool word
Next problem: widgets are being flaky and also taking up more space than I want.
Des was haulin booty today
Me and aka the Seoulcial dreamers are back in effect. So what ya'll wanna see?
I'm fucked dead man
Old bearded man in price chopper has his pug in the front of his cart. in 50 years
Vamos por otro gol carajo!!!!!
Watching why do people talk @ price points when price will suffice?
I can't wait to sleep in my own bed
Had a long day
People will believe anything they hear.
It's hot outside. The end.
Late night before getting back to work tonight.
Just waiting for you to shut the fuck up
Adios greece !!
Might make some moves in boston next week
drop the WBW term and speak with us what you want us to understand about being women. FYI trans women want to be women. We listen
A los guatemaltecos se les olvido que por los ticos y mexicanos no estamos en el mundia
Pussy and patron will make you feel alright
cant believe im missing this game right now!!!!
Why has every woman never dined here before am I the only 19 year old wine connesiour?
I need alcoholic friends that dont bitch about how early it is to drink
DANIELA ES LO MAS LINDO QUE TENGO LO JURO
Fuck you Modric now you know what Puto mean so PUTO fucking midget
EH I can't bite the cookie
Yea I'm not from here but happy 4th
Ghana jersey type tuff
Little Wayne cut his dreads ?!
That's not a yellow.
when they start having wrath festivals....thats when you should be scared
Wait hold up.... Chief keef really get shot?
Tbh This is not my dad
\": but i still love you akilah\" love you too btch
\"she thinks the US is ghana win\"
The bartender thought Vinnie and are were brother and sister.. Das awkward.
Chris's phone is boomin righ about now
Already getting playlist to drop it like it's hotttttt!
My love for you will never fade away.
I wanna make it good for you 'cause you blow my mind
going to work every night is becoming harder &amp; harder lmgao
I wonder if loves me? ha no he doesn't
-bangs cup on titanium metal cage- Helllpppll I've been dm jailed
looking back at my life from a year ago i woulda never thought my life would be this way thank god it is
I will never say never i will fight.mp3 :)
The only time goodbye hurts is when you know you will never say hello again.
Gossip girl is the reason I don't get sleep
WHAT IS THAT SUPER RAUNCHY ANIME CALLED
Kinda sad that I'm working during the nhl draft
Why could've there be a Starbucks around my job . Pffff
ya talking outfits for Erickson party &amp; I haven't got one yet
His ex TRIED to top me \nHis next Ain't got shiit on me .
My brother and sister gon for if they put this snake on me
It's amazing how much of a babe G-Eazy is
Android L preview makes iOS 7 and 8 look like it didn't try hard enough for their long awaited iOS refresh tbh
WE NEVER HAVE FAMILY NIGHTS WTF IS THIS
J.cole is ode underrated.... Like his lyrics are gold.
It's whatever , no le rogo a nadie .
I hope whoever is honking their horn right now gets slapped in the face for being so disrespectful -_-
Come relax in my hot tub with me
if you don't follow me on snapchat you're missing out on life
NOW THAT'S HOW YOU KICK THE FOOSBALL! Go US Mutant Ninja Turtles, go!
Turn up dempsey
Le dices a mi novia que la amo?
And that's a final 6-4!
It's okay this is the U S of A and we fight back because America
Three days chargerless, just being a savage charging on the go
Chuckie Cheese with the fam!
So many group messages right now. I'm so confused.
Catch me if you can hoe. They try n sack me and I scramble
You really can't just say you were wrong about anything can ya?
I could be wrong, but I believe diversity is an old, old wooden ship used during the civil war era
When paulie g talking about a mid life Crisis and start bringing just GT500 mustangs.
Oh, FFS. Why the hell did my DHCP traffic suddenly disappear? Looks like the switch is swallowing it.
I just wanna go home so I can go to the gym already
Raymour and flanging is my fav
SCOTUS more like SCROTUM
I got a bad ass headache great
from the looks of my twitter feed i can see that messi is good at soccer
I just poured me a cup of coffee cus im staying up all night I dont sleep that shits for the weak
No one is down to do anything today smh
Give me one good reason you have to walk around naked
Sometimes I hate my phone because all day I've been getting a notification about the amber alert
Me- I love light skins\nVictoria- Jeremy is black \nMe- he was fucking light skin at first
Lol we're going to dinner to celebrate Mexico's win
\"Well I never saw it coming\nI should've started running\nA long long time ago\"
Hope is a dangerous thing
I apparently ashton texted me off of my friends phone? lmao my phone was dead
I see you're still an Oompa Loompa halfway through this summer
S\/O to the sexyy girl in the pinkk at 6 flagss
all nice guys are clingy... and that's why girls like assholes
Fuckin hate Twitter for that
Forget about the curveball, give him the heater.
And the first medley of girls rocked it! What an assortment of characters!
Kissing yo daughter w. Dick all on yo mouth ... \n
Someone like you is so hard to find.
THIS --&gt; RT \": Hope Ann Coulter is watching - that's just the type individual adoration &amp; humiliation she's seeking in sport.\"
I just dont remember seeing anyone lmao
Alll I want is some columbian food shitt
\"lesbians can be very dangerous... it's the testosterone.\"
I can't wait to leave already
I'm drinking a Godiva milkshake en route to an expensive haircut.
Steak burrito w\/ sour cream, rice, beans, guac &amp; pico de gallo plz
everytime i go to island no one is there
I wish I drank more -_- 21 and I barely go out. I need find some good parties x)
Fortunate to spend four days with our partners to being home business from NYC!
My uncle just said \"here we're gonna reload em an then we're gonna get high.\" Hahahaha
The poor mans spain right there
so is being twitter\/ig 'famous' the only line on your resume or..?
FREE Peter Greste, Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed
Your body is heaven and it feels like home and those sweet lips I can never let you go.
I don't cur what they say, I can't quit breezy
Happy 4th of July! Celebrate safely and be sure to eat some !!!\n
I spent the best two hours of my life at a salsa club
I was meant to be born in the 60s!
Everybody wonders where we run off too
Having a party on the fourth text me or Olivia for address or questions
Chances are if you stand behind me and yell \"hey you have a nice ass\", I won't be talking to you
Yesss its fridayyy even though the weekend goes by soooo fast
Wow and u still do the same shit again !
I like that ol school east coast steelo shit Is cool
\"Nobody living can ever stop me,\nAs I go walking that freedom highway.
God fucking forbid something does right with something I am excited about
Procrastinating everything right now
Lmaoooo it says I say \"Nigga\" the most
Gooooooooool yeah baby
Hahaha Annalise poured soy sauce all over her pancake stack HAHA
Does someone want to pick me up at 7255 misson, Daly City. At this Taco Bell. I'm stranded. And have 2% battery left on my phone.
I yearn for to one day hire Roy Keane and Eric Cantona for analysis
\"that was the game\" tweets suddenly fill my tl WITH OVER 30 MINUTES LEFT IN THE GAME and they're probably right! this is why sucks
I know the type of person I am &amp;' that I'll always have God on my side, so I never let anything negative phase me.
This is so depressing
I still haven't picked my favorite Top 20 girl yet
When your at a party and some one shows up and they're like I told my girlfriend I was going to sleep I'm just like damn dude I didn't
How come back when I had thick big assss eyebrows back in the day I was lame and now thick eyebrows is the trend now?? Smh lmao
Just hanging in the car in the parking lot at LGA no big deal not creepy at all...
Hoy no es el dia de con la ... :( Pero el como los mas grandes se levantara.
I actually have a dude advice to get a good shot
All I need in this life is a 12v tbh
Can we skip this work week?
A cop just threatened 2 impound my car because DMV hasn't sent the sticker yet. Too bad I'm not Mexican, I'd have more rights than a citizen
Funny side note, a rather angry and cold eyed NYPD officer had us escorted from Central Park this morning.
I already know today isn't gonna be a good day
you are afraid to die, you're afraid to live, what a way to exist
Oliver Peoples or Dita!?!?! Someone please help me
welcome to the quarter finals Costa Rica
First time in my life I'll be missing the Hamden fireworks
I'm talking shit to a gang of Mexicans on facebook. I hope Mex gets eliminated
If it ain't broke don't fix it. If I say I'm fine, back the fuck up. If it's my business and not yours then stay the fuck out
I haven't worn pants in while
I should feel guilty about this but for some reason Im not
I get so scared and I just push everyone away
Second chances they don't ever matter, people never change.
Quick stop at La Jolla. .luv boutique shopping. . go ahead tempt me....\n.
Wherever I'm at has an Horchata frappe.. Lol challenged accepted
So nobody talks to him or looked at him
Nothing makes me laugh more than people who have no clue what you're talking about, yet assume, so like your shit. Such a dead giveaway
I'm tryna go watch the game at the red bull stadium
butternut squash my balls
Oh shit he just threw down hard
.Great seeing ya, pretty lady!
Postponing the packing process for as long as humanly possible
woOOW actually doing fun things this summer
I've told joe we are watching Iron Man 5 times now and he still doesn't believe me. He keeps saying it's Iron Man 2... Hey he knows
Why invest time and energy into things you don't even believe in? Keep the vision in mind.
Scratch that. The USA game needs to be over already. Cannot handle the stress
Why are we eating dinner at 9pm
You want to chill but you boring af .
watching you storm around in a fluster while i remain calm\/indifferent is literally making me want to laugh
Putting down my phone. Want this to be a surprise.
Goooooooooooooooool Leo Messi score the goal for
Tamara is a friend hopper!
My phones dying and my charger is in my luggage that I don't have
Andrey Kuznetsov def. Daniel Evans 6-1, 7-5, 3-6, 7-6 in the 1st Round of .
Ohhh wait ..... I dont have one of those
S\/O to my homie for commin through today with the comfort
I'm casually walking down the street eating hard boiled eggs... I'm judging myself.
These rubber bands make my teeth like they're going to fall out but I'm not trying to have braces in college
Boutta smoke sum, drink my detox green tea, then hit the sheets
Map my run posted to Facebook without my permission and it wasn't even a good run. I'm humiliated.
I just wana see you strip right now cuz its late babe lmao
what does a boyfriend have that cheese fries dont ?
THATS SO WEIRD KAYLA J WALKED IN AS I TYPED TJAY
The way outside looking idk if my dad is gonna grill .
ROBBEN WTF WAS THAT YOU BALD HEADED PIECE OF SHIT
Like he's really my buddy. Been it that for years
Messi had defenders tripping over each other
- hanayya annoying .
I'm sorry party? OHN Mad fuckin extra
Horrible lil Wayne just horrible smh
I heard the song \"Fancy\" on the radio today in the car atleast 19 times..
I'm going to go sleep at the bottom of the ocean
Writing music is impossible for me without feedback and inspiration to actually write. I'm realizing everything I do sucks. Awesome.
I wonder if Phil is still gunna try to trade Shump for a pick
LA Dodgers Win Just Win. Please
What a freakin goal!!
They just in it for themselves in the end anyway.
Yeah I'd prolly gel my hair before going to the gym but I would be going to the gym so I wouldn't gel my hair
Can't wait for tomorrow. The South and Central American teams have been really entertaining so far.
Uhhg it's gonna take forever to get used to staying up late again now that it's summer
I was a horny lil fucking dude in school
I FREAKIN BELIEVE! ! ! !
Somebody needs to teach these chefs how to make chicken my nigga.
Jones with the equalizer at 63'!
THERE WE GO
Better be prepared when we hit ya!
Today has been one of the best days ever. Such a good reminder that the hate will fade.
if you text me \"come cuddle\" and I don't respond for the entire day I'm just letting you know I don't want to \"come cuddle.\"
They're all in my house
Down 0-3 in the first set. This ain't looking good for my first major on grass...I mean Gabe's first major on grass. :-)
Y ese\n-Que vivan los novios!\nNunca lo olvidare. \n:)
I told her not to say not a nere nuda word
She smells like a daisy, she drives me crazy..
Well she better get with it lol
If I stopped showing up they probably wouldn't even notice....
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA LUPIN VS CONAN IS OUT
My mom knows how to make me mad
Everyone hates on the Heat way too much. Hating on success doesn't make you anymore successful
Duncan &gt; Lebron
I won't actually kill him. I just want to make his hat disappear.
Trap like it's '89 rap like it's '98
I heard. That you're. Settled down. That you've found a girl -!:you're married now
Obviously I need to post every time I hear a song from 80's. Tonight, \"You Give Love A Bad Name\" is on in the bowling alley. I love 80's.
All these big teams are letting me down and the underdogs just surprising me
24 is undoubtedly the best show on tv
is it possible for you to talk to more guys or
If you're dating someone don't go calling other guys this and and that.
What kind of job you get, the people you meet are all crucial!
females will do anything to cause some drama.
Paige needs to slap this bitch. I wish I could just magically jump there and slap that thing
Really start treating mfs how I use too
So we can vote for the freaking president, but not drink? Stupid!
Rockaway mall is really nice actually.
CALL ME AND HELP ME STUDY
Bought so much music, and I still have so much more to put on my phone...
Just woke up after sleeping for ten minutes with scratches, bruises, and the worst headache ever.. Wtf
You have over 1000 followers on Instagram but can't get 100 likes
als je valt sta weer op
Kinda pisses me off when niggas read your messages but don't Awnser back if u don't like me then don't text me.
I don't understand this social study shit I ain't with it
I hate doing shit for people and not feeling appreciated
This guy comes to the pool today and the first thing he says to me is \" do yourself a favor NEVER get married.\" Ok
Cam also has revived his franchise and is considered one of the best QB's in the NFL. Both Newton and Luck should be higher
Some people are painful to have a conversation with. How can someone lack so many social skills
I think it's so cute when my dogs get scared of thunder
Yesssss! Favorite all my tweets girl! Lol.
I want to get my septum pierced so I might as well do it
I've been laying on my bathroom floor for ab 42 minutes now bc I can't wash my make up off I'm too tired
i only have to put up with you for 2 more years
Watching &amp; Americans on the ferry are reading The National Anthem off of papers. You're a disgrace to USA &amp; look like morons on TV.
Oh now my uncles here and I'm all tired okay I c u
I think they are a little upset the don't have a butt as nice as yours
I get it mom, but it's my summer vacation :(
My twitter is acting up .-.
\"She give me iq that mean she give me head\"
\"This is a bunk salad. This is probably the saddest salad ive ever seen!\" \nOkay mom..
I really hate when people take forever to text back
Finally some mems about Lebron bitchass
I'm so adding my professor on fb directly after my final. He's young and v good looking
The lead singer from the script grabbed a fans phone and called her ex boyfriend and sang \"nothing\" lmao
I JUST WANT TO BE KISSED UNDERNEATH THE FIRE WORKS IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK WHY
AT a bar chanting USA !
I'm way too obsessed w Scott disick
Gotta keep it on the down low, down low.
the knowing will always be my fav from house of balloons
So excited to see , , and tonight as an early birthday present!!!
$ sixtiesniam $ luv ur acc !!! new fave :D
Why does all my stuff always go missing right before camp?!
Wish things could've been a little more exciting while I was here..
How many times do I have do I have to tell you before you understand
IS ANYONE GOING TO THE ALAMEDA COUNTY FAIR TOMORROW?!!
Bragging about being 17 minutes ahead of schedule is silly if there is no gate to let me off the plane.
My Lord! I pray that whoever reads this post shall have your joy, peace, love &amp; guidance...\n
I wanna see 22 Jump Street tonight
Happy birthday to one of my best friends and a mediocre stage manager at that !!
I can think of so many nicer places I'd rather be than this plane. Like purgatory. Or a funeral.
DID I SERIOUSLY HIT DM LIMIT AGAIN OH MY GOD
Okay maybe I won't eat it. I don't seem that hungry anymore.
Like honestly I blacked out last night
every team I rooted for today lost so maybe I should start rooting for all the teams I don't like and then they'll start losing too
Im getting my fuckin blood sucks out of me by these damn mosquitos and i cant see them to fuckin kill them. UGH.
It has been more than a year since I arrived home from my study abroad trip, maybe I should upload those pictures some time soon.
if you want someone to style something for you please give them the reference that you want the wig to look like.
I text back fast if I really wanna talk to you
Green tea is the perfect chase for fireball. I don't even like the shit but it makes the burn of cinnamon whiskey easier lol
is Backwards?? How you give a Gospel Award out after a LiL Wayne performance??
It's hard to say what it is I see in you, wonder if I'll always be with you
July the fourth be with you.
This nigga always got his and where tf do mine be at? Aye man.
Saw so fucking much tits and (male) ass today
\": I luv homework yes brainpower\" who are you?
(Here's an addendum:)\n- \n- Verbosity\n- Tweets re: My Father's Idiosyncracies
Sometimes you have to make sacrifices like why I'm wearing a Germany jersey on July 4th...
I wish my boyfriend wasn't a little sleepyhead
You really a sus dude if you care whether or not a nigga gay . Why do you care so much about a man having sex with other men ?
Cause nobody's going to steal you..no, for diamonds and gold
I REALLY WANNA GO MEET SHAWN TOMORROW.
I JUST SAW A RLLY HOT GUY EIRH AN NYU SHIRT OHMYGOD
Michael Jordan would have never done what Lebron just did
OMG I can hear that USA chant so clearly!!!
When my little sister wants to lie down with me, I make her be big spoon 'cause I ain't about that life.
Working a retail job has done nothing but make me want to finish college
Driving range anyone??
just need to cry then I'll be good
Especially when there's an older man here on crutches and you're the one saying you \"can't\".
If Virgin Mary had an abortion id still be carried in chariots by stampeding horses
It's fucking time.
es una mezcla entre chimba y berraco.
TAKIN SISTER TO THE AIRPORT SOON UGH
WATER BREAK IS SOME REAL SHIT. STAY HYDRATED FOLKS.
Can't believe the Lakers couldn't find a spot for him in the front office. He's already cooking.
I honestly could live the rest of my life with you
how do people swim with sunglasses on
IT IS ALMOST LIGHT OUT, THERE ARE BIRDS CHIRPING, AND I AM STILL AWAKE
Waiting to enter the church for the Music and Madness concert featuring Mark Lowery. Maria and I are the youngest ones here!
If I had a dollar everytime told me to drive to his house as fast as a nascar America would be out of debt.
De pura cagada ganaron!!!FTW
S\/O to Keyana. I can't wait to get my food lol
Now the are trying to trade Larkin. Wtf
Oh, why wasn't Casilla activated earlier since he was by all accounts ready? SMH.
I just want everything to be okay
forgot how delicious fluff &amp; peanut butter is
Finally finished planning my classes now I can die in peace
Roo's goal! Pulaski takes it from half field, beating a few defenders, to tie the game at 1.
All this talk about the draft is pointless because none of it matters until the actual picks happen tomorrow night.
Boss need to leave me alone
FACT: it's not WHAT you know, it's WHO you know
wHAT IF HE CALEKS NE olol that's not gonna happen bc my just my luck
It's not what you walk away from, It's what you walk away with.
ive been on crutches, arrested,beaten with bats, given concussions, sprayed with pepper gas, hit with nightstick, shot at, take your pick
These villains are kind of boss as fuck!
Highschool was just the beginning. I'll never forget or lose touch with my friends from there but I want to explore and make new ones!
.please troll brand social media posts! It's one of the few things I genuinely look forward to during any holiday!!
I'm going with my we want Moore shirt from today.
Damn 40 secs within the game n usa scored!
Fields with babies in a few
It's an all shades of red kind of day.
Why did I have the craziest dream Shatera &amp; I was fighting these 2 bitches &amp; that shit just wasn't ending lmaoo it was such a drag
Thanks for a great night! Love this community so much. :) Stay in touch!
hate rain . hate to cuddle to hott for that foh
If I were a foreigner, I would probably hate every American due only to the \"U.S.A!\" chant.
Gonna televise The Decision 2014?
Wait danny avila and feenixpawl in the same day at ezoo are 's titties ready.
they way to let everything out it just to Cry!!
I miss dancing more than anything I could imagine
Quite people have the loudest minds!
I can't stop using the word totally
\": you've got to be a forward thinker...\"
Im thinkin about growing my beard out like whose with me?
i hate the sun why don't i live in Washington
damn cuh kicked my nigga in the face
Fuuuckkkk I don't care about soccer.
Story of my life:\nIf a guy acts like he's into me chances are he's only trying to get to Isaiah lolol
Guess who's got an infection for the third time
Just listened to 12 planets set, where the fuck was I for thatt :(
Did US score yet guys
I'm setting these goals to complete. Failure is not an option.
Can't believe I saw Cody two weeks ago and now he's on big brother
The only reason i watch soccer is for the penalty shootouts vs
John Cena will face Randy Orton, Kane and Roman Reigns in a Fatal 4 Way at Battleground.
Erika is leia, is Luke, is Chewbacca and I and Han Solo
Cada Dia Le soy gracias a dios de Camino pa la Cima
why does your pride make you run and hide?
I don't think Leonard gets MVP solely bc he played like ASS games 1 and 2
freaking brooke woke me up now i can't go back to sleep
there is a big gay parade today in nyc.
Have dominos on speed dial. Bitches love pizza.
Gotta be that cold nigga and stop giving a fuck bout people feelings
I save most pictures that I think are funny. It's a good crack up for later you know what I mean?
I forgot what I looked like with black hair
I'm hella juiced for this new episode of top 100 players in the NFL...lol I love football.
Getting my nerd on watching some Star Wars.
It's normal for a female to be pregnant. Js
In the Car melo, we ain't rolling up no knicks
The white roses are phat!&lt;3
Sleeping during the day and not being able to sleep at night &lt;&lt;&lt;
she got cakes but only on her face
I can see this is already over with haha
Just got my ass spanked as performance art thank you or absolving me of my male sins
Holy Shit GI NO BILI !!!!!!!!!
If that was for me well its nothing but the truth (:
We got ourselves a ball game, congrats
\": yeah that's what I'm doing\"how do u like it
This dude needs to shut up about his sister, nobody gives two shits about Ariana Grande
And breanna has ditched me these past two night idk what that's all about
Today I'm grateful for my loving friends and family
This is like the worst series EVER
you're gone and I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind
Ghana winning 2-1 anyway
USA soccer team this year is pretty good
Every passing day it becomes harder and harder to be a Mets fan
Basically Nikko tried to pull a Ray J. Tryin to get rich off sex tape. We see what that did 4 Ray J career.
I've been at the Great escape since 10, now I'm going to snag me some bass
Moving is really a lot of work
En sintonia de Where are you haven't heard your beautiful voice
I don't want it back, want something new
Gonna watch the fault in our stars :)
Dempsey 33 seconds
We won one lost one. Not bad. There's always another game tomorrow!
I thank Buddha that I have Direct TV.
Its amazing how when u lose someone ur mind has the power to remember almost everything you'd normally forget or not think about...
Finished first day of Silicon Valley Beit bidrash
RIP to Beasley's ankles
I'm getting tired of my step mom announcing how much she wants a baby girl in front of me..
Good by cu soon u talk to ha
I can actually afford a crappy car LOL
David Luiz and Thiago Silva literally filthiest center backs in the world on the same team. JESUS CHRIST. But without neymar idk
why would you text me and just randomly stop, seriously one of my biggest pet peeves
shutting phone off just wanna be left alone for the rest of the night plain and simple
That news 12 interview on me was eliteeeee
Putting all pressure on these niggas
\"Hi, my name is Grandma Cobwebs.\" -
I'm going to say is the worst customer service. Shocking but worse than AT&amp;T. You'd think 1.2 B would be spent on customer serv reps!
You're literally a disgusting human being, when will you learn your lesson
Only first period youngin I could relate to math
Just beat tomb raider, gotta say didnt think i'd like it, but it's a pretty legit game
I'm having a serious issue with bras lately. It being I don't wanna wear them.
Ive been blessed &amp; lucky in this life 2 have not only the things I do,but the opportunity Ivehad.i want to get involved w\/
Every van I see looks like one of the kittatinny vans
1 mile run\n100 pull ups\n200 push ups\n300 squats\n1 mile run\n50 minutes... Killed it
you gotta make memories cause life just takes off
I want to go around school taking pictures with random people on Monday
I feel like I legit was just framed for that
I need your grace to remind me to find my own ~
St. Marks Place is fucking mess!
I know you're used to bitches running game, but I ain't playing games.
I actually am outdoorsy
Dnt let someone knock your hustle if they dnt kno your struggle ..
Youth Lagoon is putting me in the greatest of moods
Getting to confident
Today we'll see and lock horns. Can't wait!
Amazing weather right now! I wanna hike, or go to the beach. I get headaches from being indoors all day.
Cab driver try to G me ; dique $16 for a 5 min ride SMD!!
woke up with the worst headache.
Wowwwwwwwwwwww what a goal usa usa usa usa
My ex, had a third threesome with \"one of my friends\"
Lmaoo son why busta rhymes looking like a oversize pack of skittles
My phone keeps wanting to play singing \"Santa baby.\" A little early, don't you think?
I love this show bar rescue
If Pharrell dies, he's gon' be remembered for his hat
but thanks 2 lots of sex w\/ da boyfriend im seriously so comfortable in my body now :~)
My cousin told me her boo got a crazy foot fetish and he sucks her toes while he fucks her lmfao that's some real freak shit
These freakin leaving their carts all over the lot like savages.
The word \"Bae\" is so fucking annoying and the fact that people actually use it and mean it makes me want to vomit
WHY DO I ALWAYS THINK GOING THROUGH SOMEONE'S ASK.FM IS A GOOD IDEA WHEN THE SHIT I SEE ALWAYS GETS ME TIGHT
Yo black twitter is so real we just witnessed a sacrifice
Devious Maids need fi hurry up and start !
You were put in the world to be your own person and I'm here to be my own person so leave me alone bye
Attention everybody: there's a reason behind 's decisions. They'll reveal what they need to in time. Have a little faith+patience
Im a serial killer who only kills doctors without borders and scientists\n\nI like lena dunham just dont ask me to think about it too much
3) when blew out his knee, his leg, and his back from turning up to high.
Whistle blows for halftime with the Roos leading 2-1
So I met yesterday and I'm already in love send help call 911
OMG dis bitch is hella wack frfr
*Sighs so hard lungs turn inside out*
Sre then niga throwbit , cause it go up down
river flows in you - yiruma
Na,I need to reevaluate the bitches I follow.
I'm outside !
always wondered why people would do drugs
Everybody somebody everything no body nothing
Been officially on summer break for an hour &amp;im already bored
Fuck this weather, lets go, someone come have a dance party in my room with me
I'm so upset. I'm going to back to sleep.
Lol I don't see much team heat on my tl
y r u so gay hahahaha
Everybody and their mothers go to GW and no one seems to know
Newt for America from England?
Have to go to the park later, kinda don't wanna go
You sucked the life out of me and walked away like it was morning.
Thanks to for the captain messier shirt I just ordered with free shipping. Can't wait until it comes.
My whole body is now starting to hurt
Its hot asf over here in indio
Being around people always reminds me why I love being alone.
It's really weird, I haven't seen or heard from you in over two years but for some reason you've been on my mind..
Just convinced a man to buy some at ! Good deed of the day. Feeling that pride.
Freaking out bcz me and signed up for the same math class without out even knowing im so happpy maths going to be 100% better now
Vjerujem u bolje sutra \ni u vanzemaljce.
I would like to apologize in advance for everyone who is friends with me and Leah on snapchat. Our stories will be 9000000000 seconds long.
DeBlasio is giddy over the IDC deal. You've been warned upstate: they want to spread the same progressive destruction throughout all of NY.
I'm so stupid sometimes I shouldn't of said that yet.
FT Sac Utd 97 Reds 3 - 1 Monarcas Academy 98 Goals Buchmiller Bellucci Leon Assists Barron Nelson 2
.. please Cam it's all I'm asking for I wanna tell you how much I love you &amp; how much you mean to me please cam x
Can't believe it's been 5 years!
when does the actual show start?
USA USA USA !!!!!!!!!
29 hours without sleep and I promise someone is gonna get killed soon by my bear hands
Too impatient to order things online
Can you just want me like I want you please
Why does KFC have Avery Johnson screaming at the camera about chicken?
I have never felt so awkward at danis house omg ahahaha
Yo . Yes vs is noticeable. If I'm listening through quality speakers or headphones the difference is major.
22 min convo of me talking to brill
are the MMVA's on tv in america orrrrrr
If diego was infront of me I would probly punch him in the throat
Y'all all eat ass talking bout raisin bran, Special K, and Honey Combs are Goat, they trash let alone even edible
Damn thought I didn't have to deal with Ms. O'kane anymore
Bitch ima pick the world up and ima drop it on ya fuckin head, trick
I get so many random cravings it's not even funny
when i was little &amp;went to the beach with my dad he used to make me go up to hot girls and say \"my dad lost his number can he plz have urs\"
Still not over how disappointing Think Like a man Too was
Yes! : Do something for someone else without expecting a thing in return. That's GIVING!
USA!!!!!!! Let's fucking go!!
I love running into people that haven't seen me since middle school because I've gotten a whole lot less ugly since then
But I stilll nelieve portugal will pull thru
When its absolutely possible, its all excuses and when its not possible, its all complains and regrets!\n-W.e
Bitches out here are so confused.
Someone call me Ariana grande again and I swear to god
if you don't even reply then what am I supposed to think
Come back to gca maybe the cake master will come back
Snapchat - AbielTekie. Go to it folks
Memories keep playing back all those night we used to love
Yo this place is approx 20 mins or less from my house. This is real yo
Seriously considering investing in a
I guess I gotta do some drugs to sleep, sigh, dependence
C'mon y'all IN LESS THAN AN HOUR AWAY!!!!!!!
I need to find someone rich to adopt me and support me through law school
I can't ever have fun. Ever.
Last tweet for the next couple of hours ilysm to all the Arianators
I JUST FOUND THE GREATEST APP EVER
today was nice :-)
Happy 4th of July my fellow Americans!!!!
I'm just so ready to leave for Atlantic City to get away from all this drama.
Can't wait until I get out of workk
Seems to be a rash of stabbings in NYC over the last week.
Streets hotter than a 700 fill
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL SOCCER
If your eyes could speak, how would they describe your night?
Michael Bradley just blew it! He \"pussy-footed\" a shot that he should have driven into an open net!!!!!!!!'re-introuble
I knew I should start watching soccer. Actually saw action and get to brag about my country
I can't tell if my moms just really effing annoying or if I've been in a bad mood for like a week...
My family is going to the beach with friends today and i get to sit here at the repair shop then go to football practice.
Street hockey today was the start of something great.
Do you really have to hustle if the lords got a plan?
Welp guys my weekend was great llol hbu?
Maybe I should actually put makeup on and get ready for the day.
Ok I do need to get in the shower tho
Yeah Malia id do the same \n
CALM DOWN OVER ASHTON LUKE CALUM AND MICHAEL BEING NEAR GIRLS. YEAH IT KINDA HURTS BUT ITS NOT LIKE WE ALL ARE GOING TO DATE OR MARRY THEM
Just left a foot and body massage...
enjoying ed sheerans new album so much(-:
I just want to start my next chapter in life already. I want better things than this.
That nightmare was not necessary at all
Damn these freaken cupcakes in my house. I keep eating them before dinner.
!!! CLUTCH!!! Oh man, hahaha what an upset this is turning out to be.
This song always reminds me of us cruising
Felicitaciones a Costa Rica!!! Congratulations to Costa Rica!
\nI haven't moved from this couch the entire game.
what a goal
I guess when the one person u could txt at any hr of the night isnt there... u pray to the one person who never leaves ur side.
Pues se va una de las pocas que merece la pena
Just finished watching \"The Skinny\" it was an amazing movie. Developed a crush on character
Yall really still do tbh on instagram smh
It's a Good Charlotte kind of day
drunk af &amp; sad af ... like why !
\"What ever happen to David Beckham\" maria might be half retarded
This broke nigga needa shut up lmao
Great plays, crowds into it. Kawhi and the Spurs are in it. Great weather for a championship.
What a great
I thought the end of the work day would never come. Just another step closer to Everfree. Just hope I remember how to have fun. :P
I don't ask for much from a relationship- just be yourself, loyalty, consistency, and when we both have time - let's spend it together.
Every time I'm back in New York it's like I really don't belong here
I rather smell like weed than cigarettes tbh...
Ended my right with a video of 70 perfect Stan Wawrinka backhands. I'm sure and would be proud
Listening to these two youngins from Princeton &amp; Dartmouth trying to outsmart each other on the train. I WANT TO SLAP THEM BOTH.
If you use a ringtone you are too old for technology
I dnt get why girls get mad at the girls that their BOYFRIEND hits up like whaaaat? your gonna stay w him anyways so why even bother.
ai Julho, vai ser o melhor mes de sempre
Morgan: Why do they even have a park here?! Nature: EWWWWW!
Wait but freaking the fuck out at the fucking MOUSE ON MY FUCKING WINDOW SILL. NOTHING SAYS WELCOME TO NYC LIKE THAT SHIT BYEBYEBYEBYE
In order to move on, you have to just not care
It :) kills :) me :) that :) you :) don't :) like :) me :))))
YESSSSS!!! CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!! FUCK YOU PORTUGAL
That moment when youre excited someone texted you but really its just ESPN telling you the Astros got shut out
I make zero attempts of getting out of hell Lmfao
It Gets Darker Every FUCKING Day... Thank You Shirls... Got Ppl Believing Me When I Say Im An MMA Fighter..
I need to do something fun tonight
\": If you put in the work, the results will come. -Michael Jordan\"
YO where's my paycheck it was supposed to be here two days ago I am furious
Moving back home guess that was a nice week away
Uncles going 100 and I don't even feel it
My Dad: \"The key to driving in Cali is don't kill anyone; thats bad...\" *continues singing made up tune...
Goalllllberg the Goalie
Tap on my window, knock on my door.
\": CORY IN THE HOUSE IS ON RIGHT NOW ON DISNEY CHANNEL\"good look
Jordin sparks you look beautiful!!!! Wiggle for us
I just want some chocolate chip cookies, some butter pecan Haagen Dazs, chocolate cake, a large Domino's pizza and a Dr Pepper. Nothing else
Can't get much better than seeing jersey boys in the Ziegfeld theatre in New York
Thanks but I was trying to reach you last week because I was at your museum last Saturday. It's too late.
I can literally break my iPhone screen off into pieces... This could be bad.
I miss getting random pictures too.
Just saw someone wearing a shirt for Taylor Momsen's band. Nor Cal is fuckin' up today.
I say like way too much
I still think my moms in awe of me doin my own laundry for the past 7 months
\": Date outside your race. You might like it\" YASSS
But whenever anyone ever needs me ... Nvm
YES!!!! USA USA USA!
Wow RT : This I think not me. RT : RT latry: I only take STD test in jail. I like all my bad news at one time
Yah know what, today was a pretty good day
My fear of going away is ridiculous
TL is straight BET awards commentary right now. Didn't know I was in black Twitter deep like that.
Being drunk texted is literally the most annoying thing in the world
When I'm exsausted . And the lights keep going in and out . Yeahhhh that's cool
They also bring back bad memories
My Supervisor Was Literally In Tears Every Time Mexico Scored.
\"I don't want some janky fresh water bitch fish\" \n -schmit
Accident cleared in on I-15 NB before Oak Hl Rd stopped traffic from Cleghorn Rd, delay of 60 mins
Top of Neil Gaiman's head looking spectacular. Can't believe the stuff that allegedly goes on at the edge of dark forests.
ha I'm getting some great embarrassing pic from this group chat
Can someone tell me which of these teams are in the world? cc
I just heard this King Los Verse &amp; started to cry because there was no reason why he had to body it like that
You just threw me so far into the friend zone I can't even see light.
She got her own house! She got her own car! Two jobs, work hard she a bad broad!
Let's have a toast for the douchebags,\nLet's have a toast for the assholes,\nLet's have a toast for the scumbags,
The Spurs are just too good. Should have won last year, revenge is on this year
Damn I left my house with under 20% battery
Every part of me is fighting the urge to venture to the kitchen because once I start eating, I won't be able to stop
Best i ever had
So tight rn and everything is pissing me off
I just miss my mom.
I'm awesome at snapchat if you're exclusively interested in pictures of my dog
Ready France vs Germany! Should be an interesting game!
I'm glad you wanna hangout , jkkkkkkkk
My consciousness is slipping away from this world
Damn when was the last time I actually tweeted something? I promise I'm alive
Transformers was awesome :).. to bad my original babe didn't come out this movie but Mark wahlberg did a good job!
i hate how on the days I open I never get any sleep..
When you take a chance and it works out :')
These bug bites on my legs are the size of golf balls
WE STILL IN THIS!!!
Just have to make it through this chem test and then it'll be summer and I won't have to give a shit
My skin doesnt peel. I shed like a fuckin lizard
How I'm going to make it through a 12 hour shift today is beyond me.
For the Lord is the Spirit, and wherever the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.\n - 2 Cor 3:17 \nHappy Birthday America and God Bless
Kay she stopped, the pukey feeling is going away.
Spain bows out of WC yesterday, but Rafa begins at Wimbledon today. Solace for Spain.
Pussy ass bitch ! Lucky I ain't even an hour away !
Pretty sure I know more about the galaxy \"far far away\" than I do about the Milky Way galaxy....and yes I watch Cosmos
lmfao I used to hate those porcelain dolls my mom had
Seth Rollins Came out the ring with that HHH and talking Shit
Take it back, not when the pool is frigid
Live by the 3 F's Family futbol and friends.
\": Keep your goals out of reach, but not out of sight.\"
Lol watching this world cup is interesting
We can only improve our lives to the degree with which we remove ourselves from negative emotions.
Young Rich Nigga Flippin da Work like a CheerLeader
Just saw a New York liberty commercial
Keep sayin yous a freak you gonna prove it or nah
My initial reaction to seeing anyone in public is to walk faster and avoid eye contact.
- &amp; Yo Pues Yo Me Ire A Ver Una Movie.
the in and out kid was being gayy
I want everything to be fixed
Why was I not informed of ? Dis bish needs one badddd
Who wants to eat hot pockets and watch sailor moon with me and ?
GET THE FUCK UP
Officially wearing a T Shirt to graduation and looking better than 98.3% of the niggas there.
Sport is higher scoring than I remember, maybe I'll start watching more
Damn waking up sucked lol
I'm a simple man; all you gotta do is put a drink in my hand
Ima Just Start Violating People Again Until I Feel Better
Sue: \"Yea..\" *snorts*\nMe: *serious voice and face* did you just snort? \nSue: *serious voice* yea...\nUs: *Busted out laughing*
I need a punching bag or something to just beat the fuck out of. Kick it, throw it, punch it etc. Need to take out some of my anger
I love Oakland California so much
A ver pues yo tampoco he visto mucha gente en el concierto hay mas gente en las verbenas de los pueblos que viendola
Btw Clint Dempsey is already a DILF
Just experienced a psycho with road rage so bad that we had to call the cops. Wtf people are insane
Im probably the only person in the US to have not watched Frozen all the way throufh
Sometimes I wish I can just restart everything and start new
My mom &amp; this happy song yo
There is so much to be grateful for and one of the reasons is you your my heart and my soul and don't ever think ill take it for granted
Eminem OD'd on that \"calm down\" song
Dads gonna teach me how to drive brb pray for us
Who is the most hated person on the ? \n\n\n\n\n
I need there to be a female equivalent to . Shemance?
Well my opinion on Duda is slowly starting to change
Yo me estoy muriendo de ambre
do you think about me still or do you not think so far ahead?
If you're feeling down about a certain situation just ask yourself, can you survive the aftermath?
I have the most weirdest dreams with the most random people
I haven't had caffeine in two days and I can feel the withdrawals. DAMMIT CAFFEINE ADDICTION.
When couples hardcore make out at my job
It 2am Im still up smh
Not saying all of yall hoes but, yall know what yall do isn't right lol
I've said it once and I'll say it a million times. If you don't leave my boyfriend alone, there will be problems.
Oh shit Greece ya just fucked up
If you can watch an entire Game of Thrones without closing your eyes... You definitely can be a surgeon. Dream big, people.
like diddy said to the mf's that don't understand you, they wind up hating you
Azam khanoom whom was Soulymankhan's wife lost it, when Soulymankhan was gone?
Went from having 650 followers to having 915 with in 20 min... Wtf is going on??
I was never out all hours of the night. When I needed to be home was established depending on what I was doing really.
Trying to understand what scenario it's appropriate to have a full-on catch-up call with a friend on speaker phone
The bigger the thigh gap the looser the vagina
Since the just ended, I'd like to point out college baseball would be more entertaining if they used wood bats..
Do you know what it's like to be partially blind?
You wanted to understand what it is to fly.
don't want to fucking leave Cornwall wtf
I just want to care for someone else
where are we supposed to swim @?
I feel like any moment that thunder is coming back to take my life again
He pulled one of his hamstring!! This is not good.
Can't wait to go live with in Florida!!!
It's 6:29 I've been up all night and all I been hearing is people walk around down stairs active for the past hrs. Wtf go to sleep niggas
Any 4 more followers to reach 800 for my birthday? :)
I have no idea what's going in rn..
need to burn the bridge &amp; walk away
HIS NOSE IS BROKEN NO DOUBT
it's literally impossible for me to sleep with pants on
I just confessed to Hector and it was the most hardest thing for me.
I don't even have to ask my mom if I can get piercings anymore I just tell her I'm gonna get one and she let's me lol
I love watching Miami lose
Maybe I'm too busy being yours to fall for somebody new
Of your not going to the drive-in after graduation you suck ass
My grandma saw me snapchatting and now she's downloading it dear god
I really can't wait to catch up on sleep
ok ec is working with me on the non-matching issue thankfully. ;A;
Why the hell did I listen to my guidance consular and take regents chem why would I do that to myself
Sometimes all the support you really need 2 make it happen, is for you to believe in yourself....
I would kill myself if my mom gave me a curfew. tybg for my mom
si fuiste amiga no echas en cara NADA para algo estan las amigas, para bancar la cabeza, para escuchar, para todo eso
I see Mariner prospects are hanging out with Seattle Seahawk players.
I'm currently planking
Everyone needs to download Making. What you buy matters.
If I see one more cute couple pull into this parking lot I'm punching myself in the face k
We deff Tryna put DE on the map with this music shit..
New theme music for &amp; ...
I'm done with everyone right now
\"THIS! FOLLOW ME &amp; EVERYONE ELSE THAT RETWEETS THIS FOR 250+ FOLLOWERS FAST! #
\"Do not handout stocks like lottery tickets\" CEO
My mom pissing me off. Like leave me alone it's summer
All i can do is focus on my work to distract me from the hurt
Ok , let's have fun out there and score some goals.
\"What flavor do you have?\"\n\"Its blue.\"\nNo janiece.. it's chocolate
I wish my twitter would automatically unfollow people who unfollow me
First half us was rattled..second half Portugal doesn't look good.
Y lo mejor que encontre para ver fue high school musical jajajaj :(
Except the new me an forget the old me
Time to start my Twilight Zone flow
Gabi Wilson sounds nice *goes on youtube*
lololol I'm sooooo happy I'm single
Made it home 2 minutes before the game! Let's go
GEOFF JUST CALLED CRAIG A TIME LORD.
Zipcar sure charged me a hefty fee for returning the car about an hour late. AW HELLLL NAW. &gt;:(
Netflix is whack idc what anyone says
Oh na na why you gotta act so naughty
I need to use the potty rn!
Germany better not pull some shit like that against France
Has he got enough money to spend...
I don't feel bad at all now lol this is actually great
Let me not even suggest it before I get a smartass response
bout to nap on this couch
I really feel like can't nobody say I did them wrong.
Manu can still dunk like that???
Got really honest on my Facebook. I want people to know me, truly know me.
Lebrons not even walking down the court anymore, what a sore loser
Tell her to shut her mouth and ill leave her alone, if she don't stick to the script then imma just keep goooin
Constantly changing my avi. I get bored you know?
Rewatching I have to say, I didn't exactly see Tara killed. Hmmm. Holding out hope
It's so funny how quick you see who someone really is when times aren't perfect
Omg I think im in love ... And i hope you dont know i have twitter LOL ;) ... Maybe is only the champagne haaha
Family Reunion tomorrow im bouta be going in high as fuck
I started watching orange is the new black because I heard there's a Velvet Underground song in the soundtrack, good reason? Meh
I need to get back in the gym
Why do I have separation anxiety
Or that's ya nigga but you not his girl
Thinkin about quitting social media until World Cup is over
I need someone to show up at my house with a cannon and just make me forget about this shitty day
Sometimes I dream bigger than I live, Sometimes I think better when I'm lit
I'm so excited to scare Jordan rn it's not even funny
Lets go on a picnic \rI'll make sandwiches and Quesada's
Pop Deserves It All ..
Freak athlete but risky indeed RT \": I know he's all risk...but Zach LaVine is my favorite prospect in this year's \"
Lemme do me a favor n stop doing you favors
If the govt can mandate a particular product or service, can they also mandate which company you buy it from? (crony capitalism)\n
Guys, I'm at the wharf playing happy hour at Castagnolas and guess who's back?!?!? :(
Costa Rica out of the \"Group of Death\" and eventually In the quarters.. Who woulda thought. Congrats to them
My attitude really sucks . &amp; im trying to work on it
I hate this family ommmmmmmmfg
Was it something i said !?
If you need computer help use Google first, then ask others if you can't find the answer.
What to do today in the rain
Coconut vodka and orange juice yum
Value your time and those who you spend it with; life's a lot shorter than it seems
DID PURPLE FISH EAT MY CIA BFF WTF NO
And I know keyshia seen my tweet
I'm rude to some ppl , the thing is idgaf...\n\nAt All ...
\"I hate looking down the street and seeing fabulous people\" - Jacob
Do we go in at regular time tomorrow?
Just realizing I don't have a favorite food, favorite color, or favorite genre of music. Huh.
2 On sounds like a Cassie song.
PeteJoe is mad hes not invited to a fake festival
C'mon where's that announcement for the rematch!!
Smoking a blunt by myself thinking. About a lot of big things.
Chris Jericho and Aj Lee returning tonight!
Roll Tide\/War Eagle is on ESPN. Can't believe I got to cover that rivalry for 12 years. What an honor.
\"You broke your banana!\"\n\"You did break your banana...\"
Cut two of my knuckles open on a sheet of glass today, but really it looks like I was in a low key fight
I'm really upset that my dad won't buy me Dino chicken nuggets
I need to find Atlanta twitter since I'm moving n all
Sophomore Goal : Pass the cahsee the first time !
I can't believe that I'm still up right now...
Havasu without bri means cold world. Jk it's gonna be turnt.
The person who implied I was saying we vote on --&gt;
Stop making a big deal out of the little things
Ugh I hate this nail polish because it takes fucking forever to dry but the color is so pretty :((((
I've never seen someone look more determined than Arjen Robben is right now
But why am I so sick..
Great weather for the Yankee Game!
I will never for the life of me understand soccers offsides
Nice eyebrows... Crayola or Rose Art?
Fell at work. Thought I broke my foot thank god I didn't. But missing the Bruno Mars concert I was suppose to go with my mom too. Bummed.
Why am I awake I have to wake up at 10
Every blessing seems to come with a hater.
Everyone is fraud
Stone is totally watching with us right now.
Even if my day is going bad, you always make things better. \n
I can feel the staleness in my hair
You're nothing but a whore put you're tits away.!
So why did Gkeka take that shot instead of Samara??
I have tomorrow off yay! Pride time!
Still can't believe that Raleigh Ritchie is Greyworm -- my kinda renaissance man
Well the smile she got makes me a go-getta
\"Wtf let go of my hair!\" \n\n-every white girl 3 seconds into a fight
yo I can't plan to sleep in for my life
Just don't want to cry anymore..
I adore a good looking woman but now if your values, thoughts and ambitions don't match then WE don't MATCH
They've been hurting but today they're a little better(:
Females always go back to the same dude that played them. LOL @ you, have some self respect ladies
my mom is soo corny I have to laugh at her dumb jokes.
Yeah some things just never change
Slow net. Reset modem, now connected but no connectivity... What the marf?
this pain killers really knock a playa out......
there's no point in crying anymore, you just gotta suck it up
when familiar faces are tagged in friends' fb pics, it's like \"wait! i've unintentionally stared at you in mojo!! you don't remember? what?!
New generation iPhone is bound to come out sometime this year. Is this why my battery life has taken to dying after 2 phone calls?
You don't fuck with hispanic grandma's bro
Todas las cosas que haces con humildad y fe en Dios , siempre te van a salir bien
Wow I Really Used To Be Soooo Skinny. Niggas Looked Sick Lol.
A best friend is someone who goes to beach with you at night and stays there till 1am just talking lovin lol
I don't really utilize my air miles like I should
Nick cannon is officially the lamest dude alive homie came out looking like afro samurai !
Sample sales are crazy niggas really going nuts for stuff that really ain't even on sale
Spent half an hour watching YouTube videos of animals with babies and animals making funny sounds instead of doing my quizzes.
i have a weird thing about holding hands
I would rather drag my face on pavement than go to work tomorrow
I need to know how hard the writers are committing to demon!Dean before I decide to invest in this season. I like dark things, guys.
this nigga been holding the blunt, telling a story for past 15mins.
Fellow users, do any of you use Google Hangouts like texts? Why or why not?
When I die fuck it i wanna go to hell\nCause im a piece of shit it aint hard to fucking tell.
I don't love you like I loved you yesterday
thanku spencer for wripping open my fresh tattoo
Johnston is running thru income trends, comp pkgs, gender gap, and the depression v. recession.
My right hand is itchy, that means I'm going to find money
annoyed ain't even the word rn, I'm so tight rn
You think you fly??...I feel Like A Pilot Myself
This is wow
I don't get it
Having a barber in the family is straight winning
Lol during my h.s days i showed niggas fat niggas get juss as much love as everybody else do lol
wtf is lil Wayne wearin
I love giving orders. My favorite is \"Another one. And make it a double.\"
It'll take a lot for me to be in a good mood right now
And Costa Rica gets it done!!
I'm finally on the right train but I'm still mad.
They them boys
She rubbed her feet against mine and I almost vomited fukc that bruh it was such a buzz kill I'm hella sad
I been getting pussy where tf you been
I have a strange love for the show Wilfred
I can't stop watching Playoff Playback. Watching the trounce the hasn't gotten old... and prob. never will.
House of cards is soo good!
Fucking pissed off as fuck
Actually wouldn't mind spending all my money at the Vans store
I still love i still love i still love
Hookah tonight? Who wit da shit?
And I just changed my mind now, I'm staying in
Celebrities and actors age twice per every year we age. How North West already 1? I swear I was Zack and Cody's age them niggas like 23 now.
Walking past a couple and hearing one of them say \"you ruined my life.\" Good conversation.
tenemos el Gooooooooooolllllllll de la honra jajajaaa y la metio el numero de la suerte el yeiiiiiiiii
I just might have to purchase bravado, Lordes' voice is amazing; hope the industry doest ruin her
I love close to stater brothers jk I live by hwy 74
I was looking forward to it but not anymore
BUT YOUR DAD DOESN'T EVEN HAVE AN INSTAGRAM
What a shot!!!
you could hear the crowd moan when Ronaldo got the ball
Mitt resa skulle ta 18 t o 3 min, den kommer nu ta 57 t och 42 m, partyyy
somehow i managed to break both my salt and pepper shaker at once so that's fun
I'm so glad I'm not a picky eater
que agotado estoy :(
Tim lincecums facial hair is what my facial hair would look like if I grew it out.... Fucking retarded
Getting so pumped for this France and Germany game in a few minutes!
Wearing a light pink tank and forgot it was pride parade todays gonna be a long day
What would happen if I showed up to \"Bowditch middle schools annual reunion\"
Yeooo why are you so fucking ugly lmfaoooo
Oh Shit I Just Remembered I'm Going To Vegas This Weekend!!! LA &amp; Vegas!!!!
o papa j fazendo amizade com o big rob kkksjskkk
I cut anyone off before I get an emotional connection with them, I don't and will not ever let myself get hurt the way I once did.
About to go to homegirls house aka Aliyah's :*
Happy Fathers Day, Tywin Lannister.
USA too relaxed rn
\"Can't trust a bitch who doesn't smile with her teeth\"
I don't need a hoe, that's what the hoe don't get
Djokovic just has the experience of a champion. will definitely be back. That was fun. Now for the main event.
Whereever you are, you focus on God so you would not think about yourself.
would love to see a analysis of whether the team with the better goalkeeper has an advantage in penalty shootouts.
Messi finally scores a goal
I never watched my team take pk's I'd turn around til it was my turn
wouldn't be mad if someone texted me
The moment when it's colder on the bus then outside!
I just feel like this is going no where so I'm done with ittttt
Y'all gotta read it in a funny British accent though, Pels is doing it lmaoo
Shame on you shame on you
Ard well, stay on here and keep \"snapping\" lol have fun
Song just pulled out a hatchet and stabbed that guy in the back
What the fuck Poussey doin in a pay pal commercial? God damn it Mackanzie.
6 who has made us competent to be ministers of a new covenant, not of the letter but of the Spirit. For the letter kills,
\"Is that what you want to do with your life? Suck down peppermint Schnapps and try to call Morocco at 2 a.m.? That's pathetic, man.\"
Wish I didn't have feelings this would be so much easier..
PSA my tweets have been from various coworkers
when's the last time I felt your lips on mine?'
Tryna go to the gym tm who wit it
I wish the US had that type of nationalism for their team as those European and Latin American countries
Siempre se puede ser mas resentida.
I'm sorry Miami lol
Bone thugs &amp; harmony- crossroads will always be my shit even if half the time idk what they be saying lol
Lets go spurs
I see them looking at my woman
All you gotta do is just say yes!
My nails r not black. Idk how I feel
It's on Fox News of course it's true
Correction: we are losing 3-0. Still the 4th inning.
number 8 in the got NAILED
A lot of snitch niggas caught a lot of real niggas cases
Im just not in the mood to watch OITNB but Im gonna force my self to.
USA !!!! USA!!!!! Hell of a game here
Gotta be up in like 4 hours haha
Two thumbs down for having the hiccups right now
Everyone one warned me but I didn't want to listen
The only night im with nun of my niggas. Ha
WTF BRUNO ALVES
I hope kirell come Today.. haven't seen my Bestfriend in a while
Sometimes we lose and sometimes we win
A LUA ME TRAIU ACREDITEI QUE ERA PRA VALER A LUA ME TRAIU FIQUEI SOZINHA E LOUCA POR VOCE AAAA A AA A
Why can't you just accept that you're wrong sometimes
Let's see how pride goes ..
Ice cream needs to be in my life rn
The urban dictionary has just changed the meaning of \"fwb\" (friends with beneits) to mean someone who will pay for your Obamacare costs!
I just want the simple things
HOW THE FUCK DOES FREEDOM TASTE
I'm really in bed right now lmao
Danm this too early and way to fucking long
You know it's bad when your friends say \"you can do a lot better\"
Who's trying to run the board walk
Lmao kyrst is so cute..\"ash, the first time you smoked a cigarette did you feel like a rebel?\"
What kind of fuckin human doesn't like bacon on egg sandwich
It's crazy how there are so many people out there that I haven't met yet
Cant wait to get my tattoo, finally aha
My God I feel fucking old sitting here at graduation for my little sister
Yaaaaaa Dempsey is back
When ur gone stay gone ...don't complicate it ur gone u made that choice now keep it that way lay in the grave u dug for urself I'm done
I'll temporarily forget Team Europe today: COME ON BOTH THE 'GERIAs!
mafe le marca como fav a todos mis tweets jajaj q pretendes chica
This nigga wearing uggs or some shit lmao
You fucked with the wrong bitch today sir have fun explaining this to your supervisor
Everytime I see jake I remember how much I hate him
I think all guys are the same but guys always say there's good ones out there... Well, they sure as hell don't come to me then....
\": i aint even ready to go\" don't leave wahhh
That's it fire them all and somehow get Cano back
I think CALUMS tattoo on his inner elbow says \"skywards\" ITS SO CUTE I Want to know the reason holy
So so so HAPPY!!
I mean I'm getting sushi so I don't think this is technically a bad situation
It should have poured starting at 6:45 pm tonight n rained hard through :) hopefully we'll get to the As b4 the game ends
OMG! I'm finally watching Ishtar.
it comical how ppl think lifeguarding is hardcore when in actuality I get paid to sit on the beach and tan for 7 hrs a day
I could really use a friend right now
The love of thee, tis thee end of me
New York what is there to do tonight?!
I literally ran around the block in the rain, and busted ass.
I absolutely hate seagulls
During the World Cup game, mom- \"are we in the white jerseys or the red\/white\/blue jerseys?\" Hmm tough question
being hungry and running on 3 hours of sleep is not a good combination
If we dated I can't see no fault.
So much to learn but I already love wat I know about you
Knew it was bad as soon as it happened
After a long day it's always good to hit the gym to let loose of all the stress
Shits just not the same anymore
How did that even fit in my ass? I'm fucking impressed!
these niggas make it so hard to b friendly when I know part of it's envy
My phone has decided to put PagerDuty on speed dial. :(
lol @ how I had to get Starbucks &amp; paused the tv so when I get back home I'm gonna be 30 min behind
Bored to the point where im playing with FL Studio trying to make my own music
Having no wifi is literally worse than having your toe nails removed with pliers
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend
Then I was told that I was too old not to have a bf... Don't you just love kids?!
watch Nash Grier vids. Stopped cutting thanks to him
i think i fell in love with a porn star
Romeo and Juliet is a great love story to aspire to, Andi! Oh wait everyone dies in that one...
Pussy ass tits and more ass
I mean it must have been so beautiful. I cried while receiving the Eucharist.
Spotify is about to take over my life
is trending big. You'll see by refreshing a lot
watching catfish and they're in murrieta.. I LIVE IN MURRIETA \nI feel famous
Do the forget you gave up the whole team to get him and now you goin to let him c'mon MAN!!!
I'm tired as shit but I cant sleep.
i really owe myself a trip
Feel like I've known those fools forever when we only meet that day! haha they were some real ass vatos haha
THAT GOAL THOOOO
fuck mcdonald's for never having ice cream :-(
I love how meme always spells my name exactly how it is : Le'Quis
He doesn't introduce you to his friends.
But I ask: Is America truly free if one must go to the East River to see the sky explosions? No, I say. No it is not.
and then hang his right hand in between his legs
Idk why people hit on me at the gym
You leave the same, so quiet and patiently, i'm lost without you
Life is so boring for me it's not even funny.. If I had money I'd be out of this town and exploring!!
\": Does the World Cup happen every year?\"lol
I hate eggs but I'll still eat them
Nevertheless, I don't mean to burst your bubble. But girls of the world ain't nothin' but trouble.
! How many of you have 's new album 'x' and loved our iHeartRadio Album Release Party w\/him? Tweet !
the more i like u the worse the snap chats get
I make jokes all the time about shit like this... I think I'm finally realizing how wrong it is.
I dont think god will be with you colombians if you guys keep on saying hijueputa after everything you say..
where friend ships are made
Chow fun is my ultimate favorite noodle.
Friends of ours said instead of giving them a wedding gift we should donate to Oxfam. Not sure what Oxfam wants with a gravy boat, but ok.
*likes ur selfie to let u know I'm dwn*
When you realize 99 percent of these blogs put anyone on, you save your stuff for bigger stages.
Lets fucking gooooooooooo
Shut up !! Stiles needs to be with Lydia, ok? Ok.
Buying blue dream in time square was the highlight of my night
Suck a nigga, fuck a nigga then go run they mouth quick
Leaving penn state for a semester was a terrible decision
ADD ME ON SNAPCHAT nicole_desi4 old one got deleted! !?!?!
Churches should feel more like the waiting room for a doctor &amp; less like a waiting room for a job interview - via
I cant even go running at our beach anymore. We made to many memories there.
: an exercise in drinking beer but pretending not to have to pee b\/c you're in such an engaging convo you don't want to leave
If you're having a bad day, just know that my hair feels like Cheetos at the moment
Get to see the wonderful tomorrow :D
*Clinton enters stage*\n\"Monica Lewinsky tho! Fuck er right in the pussy!\"\n\"I did not have sexual relations with that woman\"\n\"Y not pussy?\"
Uuuyyyyyyyyyyyyyy USA con un hombre meno
I JUST HEARD THAT STATEMENT AGAIN~ THAT HARD WORK NEVER KILL ANYONE AND I REPEAT~ WHERE'S THE GUY NOW ~ THAT FIRST MADE THAT STATEMENT
If you can go all day without talking to me then you don't like me as much as you think you do.
Just finished my workout season and im beat
What is me &amp; cori gon do on the 4th?
Do you still say the Spurs play boring basketball?
Liked the fact that mainstream debs attended all a11y talks and asked questions about their apps.
Anna just sent me a video of her singing who wants to eat her ass
SHS shoe game wished me a happy birthday.
Mr. Weick is really the man
31-10-5 like don't tell me that he didn't try to carry this team
Thinking back to the days\n days it all made sense,\nWhen you could breathe \n as easy as you could\n see...
\"HOLLANDA VA APROVAR EL CHILE NACIONAL!\"
GINOBLI YUNG SAUCE!!!!!
3 in the monin get it poppin in the parkin lot \n\n
I try not to judge basics but dude just why
I'm guessing those are your favorite animals ?
I can't believe my tummy hurts.
I gotta buy some bored shorts!
Brave () on San Francisco. &lt;333
WE WANT THE W!!!!!!!!!
Honestly all the past Disney stars are amazing. Mostly Miley but also Demi and Selena. Don't hurt me.
In any case, we're moving there! To Oakland, that is. Found a nice home by Joaquin Miller park.
Someone come to Disney with me ...
Wooooo! Costa Rica deserved that win.
LETS FUCKING GO DEMPSEY
That Kertmit the Frog shit gotta go
I hate when a girl IG is just full of selfies and pics of herself . Bitch, you're conceited .
Does anyone remember when John Gotti used to do a big 4th of July celebration every year in his neighborhood?
My last tweet was too aggressive. Had to delete it. Too much for y'all.
If you have just 5min with an important person write down ur ques on 3x5 cards&amp; they choose what to answer-
U tried abusing her n call us pussies cuz we were gona handle it?Clearly you never fucked with rednecks before!
Na I know the bro ain't just have 61 @ in
Ummm work today 11am-11pm, then work tomorrow at 8:30am. What is my life?
Nylander is gonna be nasty
\"I call her my bowling ball because she needs 3 fingers\" Hahahahaha
Everytime I'm upset I just think about that time some guy saw me basically crying at the beach and was like \"what's wrong lil nigga\"
Watch ur mouth RT : Robben flops more then Dwayne Wade!
Nah but for real ...Usher still that nigga...pause
Can you or can you not vote a roommate out of the apartment? It can be just like survivor but college edition...
Favoriting almost everything on my tl
\"Just be a little more clinical!\" -the bro to my left who is a Juergen Klinsmann \/ Ian Darke hybrid, apparently
I can't believe how red my eyes r
you all the chapters for cosmo
Jello shotsss on shots on shots
I'm sorry I zoned out was that a firecracker or jones right foot..?
Norris has been integral to the A's success....
Nobody will watch Spy Kids 2 with me and it's making me reevaluate my friendships
So my ex just took his new gf for a weekend full of things we did exactly two years ago &amp; here I am getting dumped
this lady at the airport is talking on speaker phone like why??
That's why we all look different, have different ways of life. Based on ethnicity
Goalllllllllllllllll # teamusa
Dead ass looked like FIFA 14 for Xbox out there grabbing his hammy
Don't forget to vote for your favorite talk (or even just your friends) like by texting 55247 to 650-600-9016.
you can thank me now &amp; oh my goodness ya welcome ya welcome.
Thats gonna be a really interesting 90 minutes
All these beautiful ladies getting treated bad bad by dumb niggas ! Shit wish I had the chance , I'll treat her better than you
When you love someone, it comes back to you~
Quit crying Ronaldo. You bitch
World Cup watching at a beer garden in Queens with great friends
Don't make fun of somebody else's personal appearance\/uncontrollable gestures ever. Being self-conscious about what you can't control sucks.
Add me on snapchat\nXoxopresleyyy\nSend da nudez
\"Just god bless your soul\" -
but maybe that ability also came with the conditioning?
\"Its posted on a social network so that shit must be true, current news.\" -- Some of yall logic.
Son cosas del diablo, que estemos enamorados!
have u evr seen an apple walkin around
The ivory and seafoamy mint green paints I got are soo beautiful though.
Walked out of a transaction at a convenience store that had a $5 minimum for credit\/debit cards. Success!
I want to be shown off
Everybody always talking about bae n blah blah. You know damn well \"bae\" don't even know you exist. Shatttup
I just need to go on tour and get out of here
It's a glorious day for soccer, as the most boring tactic to watch is dead. Chile helped bury tiki taka. Real and Athletico played big parts
I'd rather die \": stop acting like you don't like big niggas. we're always in.\"
Man down, still won. Great ending!
Just trying to be midtown not uptown
I will turn my crib upside down to find this shit
I want California Rolls so bad
Some people be on insta way too much
Let's go Dempsey!
\": OK here I go talking about VAMPIRES Someone JUST knocked ON MY DOOR and NO ONE WAS there smh lol \" Lol! Good evenin
This bitch called me \"Baby bitch\" im tired of these city hoes can i be from sunnydle first NIGGAA FILLMORE ALL DAY NIGGA WHAT YOU THOUGHT .
And then, they'll either re-sign, and add another big piece... Or they'll go somewhere else. No chance they opt in, though.
WHAT A RIP.
when the phrase \"I LOVE VAGINA\" becomes famous, I just want everyone to know that I started it
I cannot stand racist cunts like you
Brooke bought a book called \"how to make friends and influence people\" today
i need to stop trying so hard to keep people in my life
I just wanna be with
If I win 20 g on world cup tomorrow in will do laps around my house
Why am I trembling?
\"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.\"
Y si Es q llegan tambn a empatar en penales que se hace??
You should be able to tell that I'm mad through text
Dear , please rid me of this flu. Oh loooodddt.
When you give up, it means you never wanted it.
The Spurs deserved this one. Rip Miami heat. The new east big 3 will be in Chicago town. Unless lebron goes to NY
Manu wtf man lmao
When the commercials are 10x louder than the actual show. Stop.
\": I honestly don't trust anyone anymore. Some people can't keep they mouth shut\"
U ARE GAY U ARE GAY U R GAY
Margaritas should be made with salt rocks, not some shitty ass regular table salt. What the fuck
I asked my aunt for a store bought chocolate cake instead of the customized ones she orders and she called me difficult
I want Costa Rica to win.
When was this ever an argument?
JONES PUTS IT IN YES!!!!!!
I love that I can look like a teenage boy at any moment with this haircut.
Why do I have to go to work?
If you 18 you should have a job no exceptions or excuses
Finally in NY
Thank The Lord I finally found my glasses
I don't kno how I got there. check ya shit .
You stopped the match because they were too tired to play? Why don't you suck it up and finish the fucking game
What is Magneto's favorite time of day?
Two out of three of our worldcup goals have come while I was in the bathroom. I better keep drinking beers!
This game. Everyone needs thunder thighs and iron legs
Let's recap Jordan's worst moments in the last semester:
Fake it to make it
DEMPSEY YOU BEAST
Mess with yon &amp; your feelings will get hurt b
I Had 16 Glasses Of Wine. 16!
Now I'm standing on the rooftop ready to fall\nI think I'm at the edge now but I could be wrong
Thought snapchat sent me a video for my birthday but it was for the fourth of july
My roommates are showing each other pictures of Asians and trying to decide what country they're from..
Show this tweet on ur phone today for a free protein boost in any juice or blend! Happy 4th!
Pues no se si es porque me paso la peli escribiendo tweets , con musica , y con mas paginas abiertas pero no me entero
The fact that when I all walk into the liquor store he all ready knows what I want
that jhene aiko song is so fucking annoying.
My mom took my headphones and broke them cus she was mad -_- Tf?
Really sorry. The BTTS is in the Germany game. Ghana Btts is closer to -200. Just realized i wrote Ghana
goooooooooooooL de la poderosa Bosnia ajaaaaaaaaaa
my legs r rlly rlly soft &amp; I'm happy
Oh god. I just bought a game from the steam summer sales.... I hope I won't go loco on it @-@
There's a class of 4 dogs as of now... and he's the youngest....
To bike to Westwood for a crepe or sit at home like a fatass in bed...
I'll let you whip if I misbehave
\": why is derek a teen now like tf?\"\n\nFr!
pill pop, baby girl cause I promise you, you tweaked, The empty bottled loneliness, this happiness you seek
I'd be happy with two outcomes..crazy lightning or this rain ends soon
5 hours of sleep in the passed 41 hours
One for the money \nTwo for the show \nI love you honeyyyy
Disneys playing classics i like it
My names emily and I'm addicted to internet pornography
I swear I can eat 5 pancakes and still maintain my weight
Last Big Mike from Commack Breakfast
Why do I constantly get screwed over by women? The fuck have I ever done? It's mind numbing
I bet is pretty juiced right now.
Not just a wonderful day. It's more like a fairy tale.
This is the hardest I've ever worked to survive I wandered aimlessly thru SF for hours fuck my life
To be honest i just want oomf
Ik I'm not gonna get a cam follow so I'm not even gonna try.
Ivelisse needs to hop on the twitter wagon again. I miss her !
Algeria came in as underdogs and came out a contender for the future
Alicia just blessed my TL ... Lol
Berkeley lovely evening thank you!!!!
Its freaking horse I tell you that forsure. All that the fifth did was make me move the phlegm on my septum.charlie more x2 damned 5ever
does FIFA not allow the use of motorized carts to carry players off the field? why do they put them in an orange rectangle bucket?!
Cooked for the entire family ALL BY MYSELF ..
Ugh, all I want is chipotle right now.
Hey , if you're going to make your employees ask who they're talking to, remind them to remember our names
I'm abouta lose $400 and my mom wanna let me know that it's haraam to bet? Nigga fuck off.
Been up since 7am gotta make that great Jamaican dinner for my family...love cooking
21 - you're so cute and I love your hair.
Go home Portugal
Del and nick said Americans aren't proven better athletes than Germany's
Fastest way to upset Kyle: send him a picture of a Landshark bottle.
eating crow, after their mouths wrote checks their skills couldn't cash. 3-1 Cro.
But remember when I was obsessed with this guy from school because he looked like Zach Abels...but then he cut his hair &amp; I was like BYE
Rip it mad times cuz you don't feel it, ... 5 minutes later BOOM! It hits you like a ton of bricks.
I hope we actually go see 22 jump street tonight I've been dying to see it
I ain't never been in love before so all this shit is new
Son Of God was probably one of the best movies I've seen
He is good come on get up you got this
I would love to talk to you in person but I understand why that can't be
AND THE 3 FROM DOWNTOWN !
00:18 N0OI (Scott) on W6\/CT-048 (Ontario Peak, 2650m, 8pt) 146.520 fm [KN6CCW]
This road trip is now ending with and I attempting to jump start her car
HELL YEAH \n
i would love to be a truck driver just for the fact that i would get to scare the shit out of people, honk honk mother fuckers
listening to 50 cent while eating my waffles this morning was the highlight of my day
I don't even get why I even ..
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think-Socrates
Time for a car wash
Sadly, some people, are meant to fall in love with each other, But not meant to be together
I have way too much fun on Monday nights
DEAR SOPHS TAKING CHEM, DONT BE LIKE ME AND FAIL WITH A 59
All of a sudden I can't peel myself away from watching soccer...
\": because football = life.\" Yassssss
Bye nationals it's been real
The only woman that can't hold a man down
Listening to acoustic covers and applying to travel the world ain't a bad way to spend my night.
Don't wake me up before my alarm -_-
Everyone's eating grilled meat and I'm over here eating manicotti made just for me....
Y'all bitches still want a ti and tiny relationship ??
Sry but if u have been sober your whole life so far how fun can it really be
Tramp. .. fucking dummy.. back stabing cunt..
im a serial killer who only kills doctors without borders\n\njust kiding u gota help me doc\n\ncan u fix me doc\n\nIll fucking kill u if u dont
Always remember to stretch kids before working out kids... I think I threw out my back
Funny the way it is if you think about it
Never been so happy, never felt so high
An RPG in the Adventure Time world as your own character!?!?
If you go in the army you serve the country and its people, not our fucked up government
Why people are afraid to tell the truth?
These birds is all chirp &amp; no flight
My mom always asks why I never go out and do anything but nobody invites me anywhere so there's that
One sided relationships aren't my thing
Pain point- it hurts that could not be a girl as a child. And you hold that truth against trans women.
When I'm old in going to be responsible for so many silver alerts on the highway
Like seriously? Veronica needs to chill before she gets a bad trip.
I'm going to die if my versace and moschino stuff doesn't come soon
So backpacking was awesome. Next trip, the whole AT.
Trapped at a wings joint in a hellish land of concrete. Please send help.
USA is coming out on fire, wow.
All I can say is bartender pour me somethin strong
Someone should bring me Taco Bell
Poor guy who went to see speak at the orpheum 2nite couldn't even stand to clap bc took away his crutches,
theres always this part of me that wants to be home
We're far from good not good from far 90 miles per hour down Compton Boulevard with the top down screaming \"We don't give a fuck\" \n
wellllll that just fucked up my summer
I break hearts ... no one told you to fall when i already have an arrow in my back
what an amazing game!!! Congrats Costa Rica :)
I just heard mr. Jeffrey shavelson scream goal. My day has been made
i fucking lost it as soon as i lost you
Goodmorning everyone! Have a happy and safe 4th of July!!!!
Today at work three Irish bulls\/ yaks escaped from up the road and our on the farm. We have to catch them before they destroy everything -_-
To tires to make food so went ham on a can of pork n beans! !!
5 on 2 for Greece, only pass the ball once and take the shot..
Estoy mandando audios paa todos lados.
Chinese food with no fortune cookie. Has the world really come to this?
Due to constr., constr., both Dirctns G btw Court Square Sta (Queens) and Church Ave Sta (Brklyn) from 11:00PM until 5:00AM trains ru...
My mom's friend introduced me to Korean music and it has changed me forever
Having the Best time of life nice vibes literately saw asap rocky school boy q asap ferg and mob ab soul &amp; more. Thank you I'm truly blessed
That awkward ass moment on tinder when you lay down your opener and the girl responds. 'Hahhaa I already know you jackass.' Well than.
frank reyes y sus bachatas que describen mi vida..
I love being in love with you though...
I cannot stop listening to
Never mind, screw this storm it's messing up my HD channels
THE FRONT BOTTOMS &lt;3 singing about soap :)
The thing about watching those type of shows is that the commercials are TOO long.
The reality of life is quite inviting (drops mic, walks off stage, goes back to sleep)
Oh this one knows how to push my buttons
What did I spend more on: groceries for the next 2 months or liquor for today? Hint, it's not close.
256 I've known u forever and I'm so glad we're getting close again
I'm too lazy to get out of bed and I want a pickle, but I'm all out.
My back ain't fuckin widdit rn, we gonn have to reschedule or ya ass getn shot
I feel like Switzerland has got it all figured out
NOT EVERY BODY IS OUT SEEKING YOUR DEMISE...GOD HAVE HIDDEN AGENTS .
\": lol yeaaa\" alright ima come soon tho fr so let her know
I'm just trying to leave Manhattan, how hard can it be?......
You are the Sean to my Cory
Not fuckin with this shit !!!
Who wants to come to a baseball game with me this summer? I'm about to get two tickets for any day
How many fuckin people twerk on vine It's ridiculous!
Wow never going to get out of work tonight
The end is near
I'm really so fucking hurt wow.
Side of the barn comment
I dont want to go to sleep I just want to stay up and listen to all night and forever
If I am up until 4am bc time difference I will not be happy
Jacob is the reason I made a bestfriend
If u cool wit em to a point where it felt like the relationship was priceless, does it have to be that for u to commit to whatchu lose
When I'm in Mexico Imma be drunk off my ass on the beach screaming \"no flex zone!!!\"
CHIEF KEEF FUCKED MIKES EX LMFAOOOOOOOOOO
About to watch the movie terry pmo to lol
Lying in bed watching Orange is the new black eating cake with my dog
Ama better not take me to Vegas with her just to watch the lion king -_-
Nigggggaaaaa lmao whaaaat this is crazy they just beat argentinas record
Beasley's ankles look like soup after that
Bruh this new season on Teenwolf don't look right
Congrats to the Spurs!! Im looking forward to Tomorrow
IMA let my hands do the talking when I see ya babygirl I miss feelin on you
Getting mad stared at, like they've neva seen a lightskin before
Delicious nap..love having this time off... Now on my way to get my nails done
either valiant hearts is boring or history is boring
Said this morning that my NL MVP pick right now is Carlos Gomez. Agree? Disagree!
I'm the worse texted ever tbh
At least I don't get like 7 Oreo McFlurries and rub them on my chest
The cutest boys are found in catholic schools
First match of the day
Atta boy, Clint
Lolol to the north bound 101 stopped traffic. Suffer with us, bitches!
Equalizer!!!! What a strike!
New York, we are going to meet again and it will be amazing.
Flyers only come to New Jersey twice and not until January then in March
Gunna have a black and blue eye tomorrow
Not sure if my roommate is crying.
How \"Cool Rider\" from Grease 2 is not all over Billboard's tops of all time escapes me.
Manunuod nalang ako ng mga korean nobela kesa makipag away sayo
I said no drinking today but if mexico wins I just have to
I need a nap ttyl I'll be back in a hour lol
Someone on a far rooftop is taking pics in the direction of my building. The flash is coming inside my room: most unexpected nyc problem yet
This kid is doing the absolute most omg I've never seen this before
CARTERRR PLEASE FOLLOW ME
New Icon, courtesy of one of my students, but I don't know which one.
i love school and all but i want the beach :(
I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga
In a shocker, Train wins!\n\nFINALLY!\n\n
Bron really crying like he didn't make 100 million this year
My sister just told me that I'm only ugly because of my face :'( everyone's always talking about my abs, but my face kills it
Literally walked into Nonna's house and she hands me chocolate and says \"here I can tell you're pmsing\" oh.
also god bless the guy who video taped us, showed us his music tattoo, and told we made his day. what a sweet heart
Me and are holding try outs for 'new bitches' if interested contact me 914-318-9800
Phones gunna die fmllll
Shea's bday collage is about to be legendary
Flights booked for with overnight stay in Copenhagen on the way out on the Wednesday. Fly home Friday via Paris.
Fastest goaaaaal ever
Tim Lincecum joins a unique group today.
I had chipotle and sushi today. Honestly the fucking highlights of this shitty day
August look like a blue crayon
Does Netflix still send DVDs thru the mail?
im up like i dont got shit to do tm morning
The only reason I can never be a F1 driver is because of motion sickness. I can't be taking gravol errday.
Look ladies, all that shit that nigga be sayin, 9x outta 10 is straight bullshit.
Hate how my mother acts when company is around, so fakeeeeeeee.
holy flood in my grandmas basement.. I could swim in this
Serious Q: Ice T or Ice Cube?
These niggas don't shutup
Portugal no :(
Unreal. Absolutely unreal.
San Fran at night is sketch
tambien te tire un y te sientas identificado
Do they build cities with skylines in mind?
God bless America and no place else!
everybody wants something they dont deserve..figure it out
Such a perfect kick though!!
Really hope North Korea starts war over The Interview so they can have a failed missle launch and finally put that country into a wasteland
Already know who I wanna be with and it's not youuu
LOOK WITH HORROR UPON THE GRAMMAR ABORTION THAT IS THE NON-PLURAL MASCOT
I hate being a mean person tbh like idk I'm so over the competition of who can be the worst person on here
My flight is an hour delayed due to airport traffic. What?\n
he bald but cute lol and his cheekbones on point
so beautiful I can't describe it..
Energy fuel always hits the spot
But besides emotions and shit everything is greaaaat...
Crash Joran van der Sloot
I'm not ready to graduate next year
I'll give it all to you god, trusting that you will make something beautiful out of me
So excited for Comic Con when I get back from Hawaii. Teen Wolf, Glee, Hunger Games.
I don't want it to result in a draw I want this to get moving, COME ON USA MAKE THE WORLD CUP INTERESTING
If these geese don't stfu ima go catch one of them and grill it
You need people to see the ads &amp; it's no fun w\/o badges and mayorship
30 seconds in lol goal USA
Who wants to do something Funn or new today?
Wowwwwww tht should be a red card kick in the fuckin face!!!!!!!!!
and cake mix and frosting and a movie and a rose sooo ya hes my fav
august alsina better win best new artist at the BET Awards
\"..I'm coming over but in 3 hours\" OKAY Sara
Can't wait to see my boss's kids. Old boss at that.
Luke Harper will steal the Wyatt family from Bray. Mark my words.
I wonder how my dad would feel if he came home to me sitting outside with a metaphor (cig) in my mouth. I'd prob be kicked out
Full contact skydiving may be the craziest sport invented.
Let's go take a ride in the dark...
I wanna go for a walk in the rain
Kyle Beckerman's hair game is A+
The 2013-14 may be the best \"team\" in NBA history. In terms of number of key contributors + rotation depth
This fucking mosquito in my car right now is eating me alive !!!! I can't find it. DUHHH FUHHH
That pedofeliac lookin security guard on is huge tool dirtbag.
I have the brightest future and goals I know how I'm gonna make my money
My friend Cullen is a pussy and won't drink with me tonight because he needs to be up early pussy
Lmfaoo, the reception Bettman is getting
Wade the career isn't going anywhere north anymore
Early in the morning is when I think about you
scotus more like scrotum amirite
yup he mad
My dad pulls me to the side and goes \"ab, there's a very famous pornstar here\" oh ok
Esperando como agua de mayo el estreno de la banda sonora ahora es al parecer.
Pain and stress, we all suffer from it. But take is so differently.
His nose is brokededed
Ain't much out there too have feelings for guess whose it is guess whose it is
Who gives their self a fat lip at work...
I need to get back to goalie training
AYE LETS GO GHANA
viendo el show de Hilda Murillo en la yoni para no olvidar que uno es de ecuador
Team Arya thooo. Down since ep 1 when she shot a spoonful of food at Sansas face for being a prissy twat.
phone died when I went to visit my pops at the hospital buh benzema not playing He will be a legend before his career is over make my words
\"im gonna learn the entire japanese language in a week\"
Say 'Da Bears' so I know its real
SuMmEr TiMe!1! - first summer activity? Chipping my tooth I n some mushy boiled vegetables. Hooray!?
Yeah you're bad and you know it don't you .
KWU ENT &amp; I'M SEW PRESENT:\n \"DA SHOW\"\nHOSTED BY LUVLY B &amp; NINA B\n JULY 28TH \n\n
I hear the god damn raccoons dude they think they got me too but I am not playing tonight
I won't forget you but I may forget your nameeeeeee
I really hope Rollins doesn't lose his cash-in.
I don't know what has me more excited: Jones' goal or the fact that I got my sister to watch the World Cup
where did my weekend go? # sadface! Fuck this week. Just got to get through Thursday and Im .
I'm so grateful my mom doesn't want to leave the house much . Dementia and Alzheimer's is real and so many leave their home and wonder .
\"Have you ever had a sugar daddy? They're delicious!\" -
.or maybe your success is speeding up because of . I know you and good work regardless.
Does Anyone want to do acid in my tent
hole 10: 214 par 3 over water. i think ill take my par and run
Lmao why do I even bother
In my favorite spot on the ship. I want to take a picture but it's too dark.
Beach around this time is so relaxing .. Intill the sea monster come out and eat us
Your face , voice and everything just irritate my whole life.
What am I supposed to do when you graduate
Chandler and Felton for Dalembert, Calderon, Larkin, Ellington, and the 34th and 51st picks in the 2014 NBA Draft. Chanukah night No. 1.
El mejor penal bien cambell pack!!! Vamoooooo Navas
3 Deaths In 2 Days. It's Only July 4th.
1st place today in the division at the Striders 4-Mile race. Won gift certificate!
where is the nearest firework vendor?
My soul is feeling empty tell the reaper come and get me.
Free shots at the bar bc USA scored ! Keep scoring.
I HAVE A FREEDOM BONER
\"I heard she can do some tricks wit her mouth nigga, I heard she got a thang for them boss niggas...\"
Each new day my love grows stronger. I wish each day could last a little longer so that there'd be more time we could share
Googling \"antonyms for smooth sailing\" with
What ya you really want from me
11 crept up quick. Now 12 creep up even faster.
lmfaoooo. all these niggas on my TL better hate diggy
I need to add context to the tweets I read sometimes
So much indie music sounds so much like Katy Perry\/Taylor Swift but someone in Brooklyn said it was cool, so no one says anything
Waiting to see Beyonce and Jay z performance.......
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheartttt
TL really emotional right now and no one is trolling
The natural next step after Yo in the minimalism movement is fittingly Y
GINOBILI THROWBACK DUNK.
I hope they understand that I really understand that...they don't understand.
I hope nic show up in red or white dress with some red bottoms and gold accessories and her hair flat ironed
I am at Google io. No daily post sorry.
Messi did some exorcism shit
You don't realize how awkwardly silent Muni is when the A\/C turns off for more than 3 seconds
Throwback Thursday to when I was so sad to graduate high school and now I realize how absurd that was
I wanna fuck a girl while shes on the phone with her man
Watching Jumanji with Danae because what else would we be doing at 1am
But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and do not make forethought of the flesh, for its lusts.\n\nEven the lusts sanctioned by false prophets!
Lots of my guests tonight have had really bad attitudes. Stop being mean people.
STILIES IS SO BADASS I WANNA LUV HIMMMMM
Men on tinder: stop taking pics w babies if you don't have any it's decieving
I miss being in the south RN because the 4th is really when the family throws a BBQ for the whole block
had a bet with me mate, slag suarez off and post it, then see the fuckin mancs jump all over it, I was right and won the fuckin bet. sadfuks
One rhyme scheme goes ABAA, ABBA, ABACABB. That's the equivalent of Mike Tyson hitting you with a jab, hook, and uppercut at da same time..
This nigga pulled his hamstring..
You'll never know the endless nights, the rhyming of the rain.
Sooo I need someone to go see 22 Jump Street with me ASAP
I'm never sour, I'm just smoking something much louder
Been trying to give you hints for like 2 months and once i stopped you noticed lol
I saved Asia's self portrait because its awesome
Wow I have such a bad headache
Black ppl are always nice with them hands. Damn that massage felt good.
Some people are the biggest story toppers, you're annoying and no one cares
This family of Asians hit my car, and just looked at me like I was foreign.
10 minute massages are my new addiction
As cool as edc might be.\n\nI'd rather spend my $ going on a trip with friends somewhere else or just to the vegas strip.
It's unfortunate that it's disgusting out
Omg the co-manager and the ass.manager got me shy as hell asking me why I'm single.
And my charger decides to break down on me again. Fuck.
Your \"day ones\" ain't witcha
People who say they don't have time for things are full of shit. You make time for what's important to you.
Ur annoying and so are your snapchats
never realize how stupid the shit I get mad over is until I'm finally done over exaggerating lmao
Delete your fucking Instagram if you do likes for a rate. OMFG.
You expect too much, i don't provide all that
Two good teams in D44 9-10 stars winners bracket battling-Los Altos and Santa Clara Westside
Probably just pick the worst week to visit New York!
Giovanni makes me SOOO happy that I could literally die. So if you can't be happy for me please get out of my life.
Fatal Attraction is hella good right now got me in Suspense lol
tomorrow is free cat day at lollypop?? too bad I hate cats
pride kick off happy hour. Yes.
That moment when you wake up at 4 am cos your hungry ._.
Makes me feel some type of way
The spurs no doubt deserve this... They blew out the heat 3 straight games
Set weekend and school Monday! Let's go!!
Woke up with a blunt in my hand wdf
Jacob my phone is about to die and I would really appreciate it if you followed me before it does
on my way to Seattle, where a new chapter awaits. tomorrow, I officially become an employee of , and I couldn't be more excited!
:: ii'd liike to liike plant a Christmas tree, one of these Christmas', iinstead of liike cutting them down n' shiit ::
Lunch time...in the office blah
whatta fucking snipe
At a Safeway and there's a sushi bar inside
feelin some types of way
member when he told you he was bout the Benjamins?
NO STOP STOP TALKING STOP LYING GIVE US ARIANA
This nigga Donovan said he be outside wit socks wit holes in them and no shoes ... Someone help him
my best friends family taking me out for diner for graduation! they are so cute!
Never shoot a large caliber man with a small caliber bullet.
I'm going to regret being up this late tomorrow
Why in Harry potter when Harry is fighting voldemort Harry always used expelliarmus. Like dude voldemort is trying to kill you step it up
YESSSSSS USA USA USA
Messi the majestic empanada!!!
Its something about mary jane \/ a feelin dat I can't explain ~ im so hi and I aint comin down
So my my dad and my brother are awake. My other brother calls me while I'm knocked out and tells me to go the store. FOH I'm not going!
What's so great about dumb old Texas
Bout to have a heat stroke
Gym so dead right now I'm just waiting to close basically...nothing else to do
The D Wade needs a hug right now lmaoo
Needs more ideas of stuff to draw on my skatebort.
Ronaldo could have made it 2-1 zamnn
You were wrong so you started making yourself feel better it's okay you are forgiven
Superb goal by for - 2-0 score
One of those days where I hate everyone
Tonight is all about perspective ladies and gentlemen.
AMERICA, FUCK YEAH!
I notice every little thing no matter what
The Fault in Our Stars hadn't started yet and I'm crying just thinking about it.
Being treated like you're disposable &lt;&lt;&lt;
U gotta want Costa Rica to pull this off.....
Imma show that Brooklyn hustle.
Serious question!!!! \nWhen do you consider it cheating???
I get to sleep while Stephanie drives, sounds great to me
The Heights needs it's own Buzzfeed List Category.
\": Jeremy 'Dreamy McMug' Meeks could make HOW MUCH money?!? WATCHED HIM ON THE NEWS HES A THUG, YUK YUK YUK!
Me and Jada just watched a 40 minute video on the Latin Kings bc we aspire to be them &lt;3 \"amore dey rey\"
Fastest in World Cup history
Surrounded by fakes .. Damn where the real at
: curtis mayfeild - makings of you
Gta's edc lv set is hype
All the guys on the bachelorette just kissed each other because Andi has kissed every single one of them tonight.
My anxiety is off the charts right now omg
Why does The Game still come on?
50 rt's and I'll run outside naked and do a back flip
Cute ass couples make me so happy. Dead ass &lt;3
Still pissed I'm early as shit
HUGE bummer! injury = not good.
I slept for exactly 39 minutes and my mom screams about how insolent I am. Mom. Mom.
Claudia only acknowledges my tweets when I'm being negative towards myself
I remember in middle school ppl were like, \"if u guys get married, your name would be hannah torres torres!!\" LOL lame
Leaving my whole family BBQ to go to work right now for a 2 1\/2 hour shift is not ok
that shit is a curse n blessing smh.
Totally forgot about Wimbledon in my World Cup frenzy, but tuned in in time for a great match. Well done, Djokovic. Dmitrov, too!
just crazy glued my home button onto my phone smh
.killed it opening for tonight at the Gramercy. Fucking awesome show
Mangel, la cagaste, me estaba divirtiendo.
Le dije a agustin, si se mete alguna de las amigas le hago el dos a valentina y me dice la pija mija dejate de buscar lio jajajaj
I never get tired of watching the kardashians. Basically have the episodes memorized
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!! O CAPTAIN MY CAPTAIN!!! TEXAS BORN TEXAS MADE.
Love the fact that drake plays gospel on his pandora station ... Can't say I'm suprised at all tho...
y'all got me fucked up. I ain't letting no female have my sweatshirts. they not cheap
I have the hugest headache in my life
I needa but a lot of things soon
Restarted from the bottom now he's here! Lol
I am happy, and thats all that matters
MY NOSE STARTED BLEEDING IN THE MIDDLE OF STREET...and people started crossing roads omg
Trap going techno
Anything in life that's worth doing , is worth over doing . Moderation is for cowards .
Up on melancholy hill
nigga I'm papiiiii
That's why i never text u first tu solo caes
Hey , how about not shooting the ball directly at the keeper? Your PK fortune is not looking so hot.
Game tell em where you from, nigga west side
WHO WANTS THE HIT THE BEACH
This is such horse shit!
I would be shitting my pants if I was the Cav's GM
I just wanna get ice cream, and cuddle up and watch a movie
Developed a weird bruise like thing under my chin and it worries me
Warriors gotta do Lee\/Klay\/Barnes for Love\/Martin\/13th. Solid ass draft and you can get a steal at 13. No way we can afford to pay Klay
I can only be myself. I can't force anything. It is what it is.
He bout to buss out that suit
Ok back home . Let's go
Feel like staying in the living room tonight but I missed my babyy I gotta be in the room tonight
Your girl or guy got you on lock down oh hell no this is America living of the free
Who the hell is this performing on 106 &amp; Park?
vacation makes you appreciate your bed so much more
wish i could be watching the game rn
Soy un pobre diablo condenado a vivir solo
808's and pizza , bad bitch with me with a smile that reflects mona lisa , a piece of art , best part is shawty dont take it to the heart
I'm exhausted from dealing with these kids , I need a night out
idk why you have phone because you NEVER answer it
I wanna be in 's book club
guitar is not for me lol
I also had blue hair once
Excited to listen to my mentor speak about what it takes to be a
No need to re-read that tweet, YES I said Aladdin
Everybody has a little \"hoe\" in them
Just because you don't like someone I chill wit doesn't mean I'm gona stop being friends with them.
We out to San Antonio?
They say were too young now to amount anything else
Insomnia Cookies just moved right onto my campus....idk what I feel
I have all these adventurous date ideas but then i always go back to the big 3: netflix x cuddling x food
shit so this is what a sunburn feels like
leaving the window down &amp;letting my hair get air dried so I don't have to do much blowdrying when I get home
When you travel to another time zone does the time on your phone \/watch automatically change too... I never checked
That wasn't or humor. Just fact.
If he doesn't come back this will be a short World Cup for America
Not every nigga is a freak.
zoey 101 was and forever will be my all time favorite show
He only got more perfect wtf.
Stunting for 4 straight hours yesterday was not good on my arms
Ronaldo is messing up so bad hahah
This Mediocre song with T.I, &amp; Iggy is nice.
This could be the start of something new
BiG 3 done
Nothing but Bruce Springsteen and CCR today
Yes all the yes to that last tweet best name ever
\"Oprah's book of the month is the devil himself for death by snu-snu\"
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer
Had the best Sunday ever today
So Natalie. How the hell does it take 3 days to answer a text? Like really? Bye. Freaking ridiculous.
You leave and after like 6months you decide to talk to me and tell me how much you think I haven't changed .
Shots with my momma cuz why not.
Trying to FaceTime someone with bad service is so annoying
someone hangout with me and Shannon we r desperate
Someone brought up pacman and it made me really miss the arcades. I know none of my friends would be down to go :\/
Estos casi dos meses he aprendido demasiado y tengo tantos sentimientos encontrados q no se aveces como reaccionar ante alguna situacion
My dog always falls asleep on me at the wrong times
Having to go to this dance bs &lt;
some people are so stupid in regards to what they put on social media, you clearly have nothing you keep as a part of your private life
Jermaine Jones, You Go!
These little girls nowadays are so grown man, smh.
Along with Somalian pirates and Ivory Coast bag ladies --
These past few days feel good when i go jog
Lol, people who actually think that Germany's gonna odee on USA tm are dumb. They'll work the tie and both of them will make it through.
I freakin love Manu Ginobli!
I wish we could still talk. No strings attached.
you's keep sayin you's a freak you gon' prove it or nah?
I'm having the best birthday ever, I have such great people in my life ^.^
Like if you have time to make a smoke trick video, you clearly have no goals in life
\"The Bacardi family, exiled from our home country in the 1960s...\" Aww, breaks my heart.
If you don't text me you're sus
Despite that the &amp; his admin have the combined IQ of a pistachio, we have much to be thankful for! , everyone!
Ronaldo puts no fear in our hearts
Are you really surprised when does things like that?
Itd be nice if my netflix worked bc i havent watched breaking bad in like a week
I was forced to watch game of thrones and I don't know if my life is better or worse
Mann, I'm hurt for Lebron.... NOT!!!
I hope everyone practices voluntarism today by getting fucked up with fellow Americans all day
Blasting music to see if it gets me in the workout mood
Brandy be sounding like she's straining when she goes to hit High notes
Cause she's a good girl with a bad past, you know you want but shit it won't last.
Jason Kidd just got traded.. Lol
I like it better when we're wasted.
2 heavy courses in 1 sem. Anaphy and Funda. Wooooh saya.
A little don't worry, be happy
Like I could hike mission peak in the rain rn
But wen u have it all and a BAD MUTHAFUCKA they will keep tryin to get at u
Those smores f'real milkshakes are banging
Kevin and Clifford are over. Where are John and Howard? John, Howard, Kevin, Clifford and my brother are hella funny when they're together.
What ignorance is it to think just because your attractive you're a \"bad bitch\" .
\"I don't like dicks *long awkward pause* I mean I do, but not around my mouth\"
*Judging me for requesting to blue oyster cult while listening to Ashley Tisdale*
the authorities use sex as a law enforcement tool
That nail Polish is fire tho
Lmaoo this kid is seriously such a piece of shit.
Think I fucked up my knee for good this time..
Coloring out of the lines cause that don't want nobody that's colored out of the line so I'm late as a motha fucka colored people time
Finally a change in Providence a female rap group sick of these wack niggas thinking they great.
You weren't there for me when I needed you most...
Tanta Jente q Tienen a Su Madre a su Lado y Ni La Valoran :'(
Why my dad tryna rob me smh
Peep snapchat story
Cant even express how happy I am to have off today
Home and sleepy @@
Show you out to the world but don't have me looking stupid out here.
SNIPE CITY HOLY SHITTTT
Short man syndrome gets the best of you.
And theres no stopping us right now
\": I turned out liking you a lot more than I originally planned.\"preach
The fact that my sister is in a car with dieter from Laguna beach right now.......
College World Series over the World Cup 100 out of 100 times
Bored Af at work cant wait to leave this place n go sleep
You saying I'm bad for you that's fine sometimes bad is a good timeeee
I just had the best dream in the whole world
\": This paartying stuff getting old. I just really wanna chill with a shorty. Thats all.\"
Minha mae mandando audio pra lala KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend.
too legit to quit without giving a two week notice and letter of resignation
Keep ya eyes on the prize. Don't ever let no bullshit faze you mann.
Todo esto es un circo, tenemos A CHIRIBOGA, a RUEDA, A y vendiendo porqueria al Pueblo ecuatoriano.
ever wondered why you allow your own life to be controlled by anyone but yourself? It's a one time opportunity.... &amp; I'm going to enjoy it
.- any suggestions for a great bar for watching USA v GER (2am start)?
all i ever wanna do is watch vines
Reply to my snap hoe
My senior year was my most emotional year. Imma miss it
I leave footsteps but they're not to be followed
mainly upset bc you didnt reply but its ok bc i know you get entertained by others and nit me so ok goodnight
That moment when you realize you've just finished a half bottle of wine... and pour another glass ;))
Today was long and crazy and I met so many new people and saw so many new things PRAISE IT I AM ALIVE!!!
I have a love\/hate with ab workouts tbh
\": There is nothing better than playing Wide Receiver !\" Although secondary is fun too
Everything is annoying me right now...I need to go to sleep
U S Fucking A
I wish I raved hard every weekend lol
I can't stress how much I love Chinese food
You'd think after someone mentioning Derek's name, after a while Malia would know her cousin... but no.
Ronaldo can suck it
I have a feeling Jabari Parker gon be one of my favorite players
What an amazing team. A well deserved championship
SF for the afternoon. Who's around?
On our way to a party.
I am serious too tired all the time
I know you're tired of loving with nobody to love...
I don't even want to go back to Los Angeles. I need another new city, with new people.
there's no words to describe how my favorite song makes me feel, like the notes just fill up my chest and I can't breathe and I'm so happy
Not looking forward to this 12 hour shift tomorrow
Drug dealing just to get by, stack your money till I get sky high. \/\/ Weren't supposed to make it past 25, jokes on you we still alive.
And Argentina gets out alive.
I am so far up Fabian Johnson's ass I can see out of his mouth
I know sometimes you're feeling lost It's hard to find your place in it all. (8)
Lowry sign-and-trade to Miami. What an upgrade at pg within a 24 hour span
A pretty little girl with diddy's style
I'd feel so accomplished if I got put in twitter jail
Sometimes i put words in front of things for no reason unconsciously
Messi may not be relevant all the time but man when he gets on his game he is just simply brilliant
I better be able to watch the game during work tommorow
Yo lo primero que le veo a un hombre son las nalgas.
I got the toss and the catch down, now to learn how to look graceful at the same time...
Somedays there is just nothing to be positive about and that's ok
Things to do for the rest of the summer : brush up on chemistry , bio , and math . So basically just study .
Well this weeks 24 was ruined for me via twitter
GAME ON RT : Don't get caught up in worrying about your diet over the holiday--good for your body to shock the metabolism.
Ayo I know you ain't talking bout me dog. You! What?..
Been in Central Park for 5 mins and have already gotten lost
Jeff , Altidore Di fanm ayisyen pa loyal
Got just one single slice of cheese pizza at the great escape and it came to $7.47
I have more work out clothes then I have regular clothes ahahah
my phone have 1% so i'm bouta die
Do you like the way I flick my tongue or nah
NO RT : Theresa is my fav
It's the cutest thing when a brother thinks his sister deserves the best and is proud of her
Tried watching a World Cup game, but I just can't watch a sport where they fake an injury every 5 minutes
I didn't choose the xo life the xo life chose me
Wow I really believed that kid's story too
FTR, most of the team is currently trying to win topeka. Our own app. There may be alcohol involved.
So many fire pics from the set last night and i cant put one of them up
I'd take you out if you're worthy of my time and money but your not
how did pharrell win over beyonce and drake
My room is either extremely hot or extremely cold there is never an in between
life is so predictable, it's no fun *petulantly crosses arms*
Damn it Greece!!! I still love my country!!
Always countin on to favorite and like my shit
Lesson's learned from the A's\/Mets series: Chris Young only hits HRs AGAINST the A's, good he's off the roster. Mills is $1 well spent.
you ain't no aspiring actress bitch, shut up.
Lmao twitter after hours the animals come out .
5\/5 for Costa Rica. Perfection. Very happy for them.
Its 2014 polygamy is the new way people
I don't know what I would do without C4
I could have it all but it's nothing without you
Up and living, NYC is the best! Time for an important meeting...news coming soon guys ;-)
Sometimes I imagine if I was standing in your arms hearing your heart beats loud enough to make me happy.
wow this is fucking stupid . I can't wait to move out .
Positive of day: I met a hot cousin that I never knew I had. His name is Chris.
\"Loyalty and orgasms. That's all she ever want.\"
OMG my mom won't buy me tori burch shoes idk why they're only 200$ ?????
I swear to god that whole shit annoyed the fuck out of me
i really despise people who at any other time deride the shitnerd obsession with objectivity but shout \"SHOW ME EVIDENCE\" at abused people
Highlight of my day: I looked at a customer and said \"hi how are you?\" And she started vomiting everywhere... Unfortunately a true story
I just bounced from mad duck to groggs with my sister. Looks like it'll be a good night
R FUCKING T \": Tired of being bullied.\"
Only reason why I haven't moved to Cali yet is because I was nervous about leaving my whole life on the east coast
If you've never brushed your teeth in the shower you haven't lived.
It really do be the little things that makes me smile &amp; light up the most
I only slept for 5 hours...Prob gonna fall asleep soon
I want food. Preferably Little Lucca, In N Out, taquitos, acai bowl, pizza, etc.
So homesick for Athens right now. Get me back
Look at all these losers hangin with their friends and going outside get a life
am I the only one who thinks Andi is psychotic for administering a lie detector test?
Marsha Ambrosius is a great songwriter. She wrote Butterflies for Michael Jackson.
I want to wake up as late as possible cause it's gonna be such a shit day
If you not ready to dedicate yo body and practice 15 hours a day, D1 football not for you. You gotta love this ish!!
Damn I'm hungry but there's nothing to eat in this house
I wore it once, never again in my LIFE
I hate when I can hear my clock ticking and its all dark out and my windows are open but the lamp light is on and there's tiny creeks HELPPP
I love the peace and I love the war\nI love the seas and I love the shore\nNo love for no beach baby, that's law
Try me &amp; Il Go Hard in the Paint Right Quick
is still stupid\nGO
This year isn't gonna change they're not making it through the first round..
In that wanna lovey dovey mood.
Who fucking yacked on my shoe you nasty swine
I'm very upset that my phone doesn't have an American flag emoji.
Jesus Piece is an unreal album. I don't think a better hip hop album has come out since
Lmao this girl posted a pic with her bf yesterday with a long ass caption on what she loves about him, now she put a diff mcm
This is the third day in a row that this lady at work has offered everyone else I the break room a brownie but me
Hope altidore can go the rest of the World Cup
man wtf should i get for dinner lol
wish i woke up to my hs alarm clock, life was so much easier than even if it didn't feel like it. Life after college is just something else
\": I got two hot dogs, soda &amp; medium fries from five guys.... It cost $25.17\" I believe it.
Been here less than an hour and my wat gauges are nearly full.
I can finally down-vote things on HackerNews.
I believe that we will win...
My favorite phrases from today's : \"knuckle deep\" &amp; \"milk the prostate\".
\"Y cada vez que pienso en vos, quiero volver\"
Music industry want some new shit
People, who'd like to write few words of appreciation to Hillary Clinton, Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi &amp;all women, who's working for US...
The worst is getting the particles from acrylic nails all over your phone while getting your nails done.
fav if ur parents r divorced
I think sexy asf when I get ah fade.
Im sorry ima let you finish but had the best debut of all time
Pessimism will be the death of us all.
I need a holiday, like a Madonna Holiday.
I know three things that are undefeated timegravityfemale that's all I know
Tim Howard is a beast
To meet a new girl and explore her mind and everything there is to know about them that's what I want
how boring, florida won't trade the pick
To tired to eat, to hungry to sleep fml
it's not funny until I think about it again and then I staRTT LIFERALLY WHEEZING
I dont care what anyone says I still like Coach
glad I stopped from sayin some off the wall shit lol
Thanks for the invite...are we friends?
And this will be the year that I won't even feel shit
Accidentally just ripped a hole in my skin fuck
Its not , for me its vs :p
I'm not tryna be with my mom and her boyfriend today lol
She really making me feel some time of way smh
But shit I wouldn't mind being put on either
New jeans are the best. Had to get on my game
O HAI list of 600 email addresses with no real names, I cannot WAIT to import you and figure out who you are.
Flyers had great chance to take local kid. At least fans will get another chance to get loud when DeAngelo does get picked
Can't wait for my boy to move up to the bay!
el mundial de los rapidines
\": you got the whip ?\" The bikes? We out
I miss the music, I miss my friend.
my weave stay stiff, it dont matter cause yo nigga on my clit. until he start to sniff &amp; realize that he got an lil itcch.
all my mom does is talk shit like don't you have work again in 30 minutes ? leave.
Nothing like sitting in the sauna
My sister is making custom high waisted shorts. Studded, dyed, colored. DM me if you want to get a pair :) she's bae.
This is all soo stupid! Why tf are we up soo early mom ?
just looked at the clock and it was 7:52. My tunnel vision was collapsed by why does all the good tv go away in summer
no water, and no food allowed from off the island.
There's no problem that can't be solved with breakfast foods.
Love that they are booing
My third straight Fourth of July (and Canada Day) in the US! Funny how this works out. Staying with friends in Hell's Kitchen NYC.
Can't fall asleep tonight but I am waking up at 7 am for the beach lets go I love the beach and went almost 10 times already
as soon as we wake , he got em rolled
Cuz yall the same RT \": I can't have a friend like Mimi. I don't like her tone, we would've been probably fought.\"
Oh, well Demi Lovato just came on stage randomly to speak
I cant understand what this lady is telling me so im just saying oh woww \nlol
I can never sleep when my son here
LTOTN: Ppl never cared to get to knw me das ok bc you missed OWt on an extraordinary friend I dun beg for friends just know im a blessing gn
Tinder is the best thing ever invented lmfao. Omg!
Den u have a dry sense of humor smh \": Kevin Hart irks me .... He's not funny to me\"
My apartment is just full of gimmicks and trolling each other. But I love it.
:)- you have no filter &amp; it's not usually a good thing!!!! But I couldn't imagine the last 8 years w\/out you
those little kids are pervs bro ..
I love stat &amp; shump but if we can trade them to the phoneix suns for 2 first rounders without getting any players back do it
Uh oh Joe Biden yucking it up at the while Middle East burns....bad PR move
Fuck I forgot to edit my video was playing games too long...
Hey I love all guys who smoke weed and eat booty
my birthday was a almost a week ago damn
Only and know how excited I get when I get new high rise shorts, and y'all- I just got a new pair!!!
Honey we may be through but you'll never hear me complain
FLOSSIN (the verb, not the adjective)
Where's Landon when you need him doe
Keep it real man that ain't you
Come on Costa Rica you got this
It's obviously no one text kaycee day
I thank god for you everyday.
Orange is the new black is such a strange show
* minds business* * eats bread * * sips tea since it's free* *pays attention*
Someone go with me next week to get Mani pedis
I've been up since 7 cleaning my room.....
eita que hoje quase fiquei pobre
Ever since church ended ive been at Bae's house...she even went with me and moms this morning
Jada just screenshot my snapchat. I cant trust her no more
Riding home with a Wii U on my lap.
The waves beat me up today bru
The only time I ever hear my phone vibrate is when it doesnt.
sometimes I get this feeling like something's up and I just can't figure it out, it drives me nuts
I Want A Tattoo For My Birthday.
Either youre being really fucking cute or youre being a dick-.-
Clearwater lost to Tampa 9-3. Ethan Stewart (2 1\/3, 5R\/4ER) took the L. Just 2 hits for the ' offense.
High school goes so fast...it's like once you're a freshman you're pretty much a senior
Que juego a sido este -_-'
Dont beg someone to pay attention to you. Weeeird.
Not really sure what life is right now
I just looked at a picture of a cat and thought it was adorable. Whats happening to me, i hate cats
I have the worst luck on getting followed tbfh
Don't ever call me jealous I'm the most generous person ever
Theres like 40 fire trucks in my yard so unecessary
Tomorrow is the final presentation for the Action Project. I spent so many time for it and also waste some time. I am happy to finish it !
I just don't like cutting my bangs anymore and breaking out on my forehead
Sex with Woodrow Wilson is like the Schlieffen Plan: you get around to invading the pussy (or France get it), but then you don't
can I like meet a non douche bag of a guy. like can a cute cool laid back kinda guy walk into my life. sick of scums.
Ok at least he said Jarren Benton isn't bad... I feel a lil bit better
THE FLUX CAPACITOR
Let's not forget how easily I could leave you
After we leave girl you know where we goin
is officially our insider to call eachother out to do stupid things.
So much questions and teen wolf just started
No podemos acudir a sanciones como medida,para callar a los hijos del ellos son Legado, desde que llego la REVOLUCION
Airplane mode.. Music.. And my bed .. Plans for tonight
Feels great to know id be the first person you'd call when you're upset
Home alone with my shirt off....the usual.
I just want to travel the world and meet new people and fall in love
I'm kinda just like fuck it.
Dempsey your such a tank!!!!!
Easily the best fire ever
Lmao the look on lebrons face lmao lil bitch
I have the most massive stress pimple in the corner of my mouth. If you meet me at vidcon I'm sorry!! I don't have herpes!!!
Shit is Dempsey gonna be out for the rest of the game?
I should probably stop staying up this late...
Hey NOT A WORD...
Lmfao twitter full of hella drama
Jamais rien ni personne ne pourras te remplacer
Not wearing pants to pride on sunday
no joke you're so lucky I don't say anything
DEMPSEY RIGHT OFF THE BAT
Elvezio invited me out for brews ugh can I just not take my final tomorrow
Every restaurant I've been to I've been poured wine or champagne. It's the facial hair and glasses I guess.
Jim Winn can do no wrong on bass. I've heard Ramble On and licks from the Batman Theme in the last 10 minutes, and they're playing jazz.
Nothing a quarter pounder can't fix
Whyy did I bug a full mattress? I permanently sleep in the corner of my bed due to the years of sharing my bed with my laptop.
Dave Chapelle, busta rymes, the \"moon\", late night pizza, singing in the rain, revelations.
Frogs out here sound like busted cellos. But these coyotes ... Kinda freaking me out. Like RIGHT across river from sound of it.
I miss when ppl slept on me. Now ppl just expect me to go hard
Going to check ER wait times at Dignity Health before slashing my wrists after this series with the . The were terrible.
Clearly neither of you know how to play Uno. Just give up.
I love my family and i will forever remember that they are the reason i am who i am. I have come this far because of them and for them.
I'm all dressed up and I just wanna go out and party!
Can't expect me to trust you if you're going to act all shady.
22 jump street tonight, 8:10. Who's down to go with me and ?
LOL TOTALLY FORGOT THAT FRIDAY IS HOLIDAY PAY. I'm a w(e)inner.
Apple......no phones bigger than 5 inches......your iOS is not made for a phone bigger than the current 5s
LIONEL MESSI GOLAZOOOOOOO
Here's to no sleep till I turn 20!!!! Can you die if you don't sleep for a month and a half?
What if the sky was turning red
Friday come faster !!!!! Disneyland awaits me !!!!!
FUXK DEREK IS JUST SO ATTRACTIVE IT'S NOT OKAY
I buy too many cases this is not okay
fuck this heat
Just heard Rude on the radio for the first time in the valley.... I no longer love the song as much as I did.
fuck i thought id sleep early too fuck
gotta b up in like 4 hours ... why do I hate myself
OK do not call me doll face 3 minutes after pissing me off please and thank you
.not too far off, I was getting my car washed. shopping center across from it is having exterior work done.
You're gonna miss this, you're gonna want this back
why am i thinking of bradley uppercrust
Stop spamming me faggots
Where are all of the annual pass holders? I only know of one and she was my least favorite Disneyland companion so far...
Then I woke the fuck up and saw what was actually happening
I'm an asshole to the wrong people sometimes
Well today is the day we die
So today's some type of anniversary for America
Customers at fantasy island are so rude omg SORRY YOUR FUCKING TWO YEAR OLD THREW I GOT IT BALLS ALL OVER SOME PEOPLE HAVE TO CLEAN THAT
I HATE clowns with the passion
When tells me my outfits fresh.. I feel so accomplished lmao.
Martial law is self explained ...nothing hidden. Democracy is deceiving but nothing and benefits only two Pak. richest families &amp; company..!
Also needless to say the most uncomfortable people in the world are the nypd doing crowd control at a gay pride parade
At a graduation dinner for noey and keynu and neither of them are here
Michael Dal Colle = Michael Del Zotto?... Close enough
can I steal his car omg
I don't respect nothing no more honestly . Just me cause nigga nobody gives a fuck about you
I hope plays the song I sent them. I hope they make fun of it and play soundboard noises after.
Oh yeah old fashioned ring announcements
ONE MORE LETS GO BOYS
Can't wait for my doctors appointment later.
Erybdy n they mama doin dah ice challenge... Lol
Whoever let milo leave gilmore girls for all those years should be shot...
Huge!!! Let's Go USA!!!
Tsk. Somebody put a detail on Kolasinac.
Please understand I've been drinking again and all I do is hope
Kayla is the only girl i'll tollerate hella bullshit from cause I knew her since like first grade or sumn
Counterparts in Jersey? Might as well
Wish I had that one guy that I can call my bestfriend
You look so perfect standing there in my $200 American apparel underwear that no one can afford
NHL Draft coming on shortly.
Rocky road time because I didn't work out today for nothing. Yolo.
$ skyftcyrus $ we both share the same luv for miley and sky ! ilu
Opening for &amp; Thurs 6\/26 at . Make sure to get there before 8 to catch our set!
I think I'd be a cool ass babysitter right?
Told my gpa Im into mixed guy and Not asians and he got all defensive and said \"great another zoe\" hahaha.
Once I have a full workout wardrobe maybe I'll start working out
Sara just quoted The Fault In Our a Stars during a serious matter..
My sisters joke of the day: \"how does Adolf Hitler tie his shoes? -In little nazis.\" I found that way too funny.
I hate chad
The outfielders swan diving into the dog pile was absolutely awesome.
Is Cain ok looks like he will be alright
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN... BUT IM OKAY WITH A DRAW TOO.
Todas las de Sasha Grey
feel like the best thing2 do is give up on this dream, but even when it's slipping away I still have some hope, never wanted anything so bad
errybody in the club gettin tipsy
The song concrete angel gets to me every time.
MY FUCKING BOY FINALLY GETS WHAT HE DESERVES
parents bickering in Hindi is sweet music to my ears LOLOL
just accidentally drank some sprite thinking it's water god dammit
Who is trying to get in on this game of clue tonight
Man work is killing my vibe and I ain't even clocked in yet, smh can I go home already?
It pisses me off when I sneeze and nobody says bless you \nNigga you fucken bless me, idgaf about your religion, when I sneeze, you bless me
I would just really like to have a Dolphin related tattoo on my shoulder
Home just in time for the premiere
Stop makin' a big deal out of the little things, let's get carried awayy
Awesome overload at Google I\/O today, time to get some sleep and then do it all over again tomorrow!
My house smells really weird but my room smells like heaven.
Doesn't anyone in this city speak English?
My sleep schedule is way off right now
Cannot wait to be reunited with my BFF tomorrow!
I'm not hxc enough anymore :-(
Crap, newd to do math
When all your friends are eating pizza in front of you and you can do nothing except watch :'(
tell me baby whats ur story
Imma keep it real but Cain is done every year he equalizes his losses
That awkward moment when you wake up with a cat in your bed and... You don't own a cat. How drunk was I?
Some people don't change they just pretend so they can get what they want, is call manipulation.
Eww no gtfa
Nobody calls me by my real name. Always by my twitter\/ig name lol
I hate it when people talk shit like mind your own business
house of balloons kind of night
7268 7268 7268 7268
I'm in the NYC Pride Parade Sunday .... cool lol!
I love you &lt;3 say something I'm giving up on you. x904
Mom: what's this song called?\nMe: This Is Gospel.\nMom: It's not gospel, really what's it called?
How can you not be a fan of Jeremy Lin? Hope Houston dumps him to the warriors
People just don't understand my good intentions sometimes...
I miss talking to you everyday
Yes I'm watching gossip girl for the 4th time, no I am not embarrassed
Damn the spurs are just better
yeah play the chorus 5 more times bc ur so good at it ..
Omg this pineapple my brother bought is the greatest pineapple I have ever eaten this is everything
\"all posts after 2am and before 7am shall be forgiven.\"
Nkosi fake as shit. Can't trust nobody in these city streets man
Since I can't tell who's lying I guess ima have to find out
Ugh, this guy is just so effing cute! I don't want to get off the train!
Breana is a lame and she know it
He who says he can and he who says he can't are usually both right.
\": dude don't get too shocked. She just googles them.\" I'm not fucken retarded. You ass !
Not the first time being called a bitch or a cunt lol
yo se que te gusta pero no te atreves!!
This nigga rob back on and I just got off
bikinis look much cuter when theyre not on my body
But y keke so bad tho
If they ask u how u doing tell me better than you!
I can be goofy as hell but I take me work seriously.
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
when parts of my body hurt .. everything is wrong with me .
i just wanna go home, &amp; just stay in my room all day.
Okay twitter I'm back you can be fun again
I love 's uniforms tonight but I keep getting them and Virginia confused.
Uhm I said the party isn't over\nWe can still dance but I don't have no rhythm\nSo baby take a chance with me
That moment when you can't stop thinking about someone ..
gonna show up to Abby's looking like trash srry
Tho the memories were So grand, the feeling after is cold and regretful. \n\n#&lt;4
start spanish 102 in a week omg fuckkkk
When pockets was dust bunnies now what's funny?
Why am I watching the conjuring
It's super impressive that costa rice somehow managed to deny them a goal w\/ 1 less player
Sorry but it's which requires swapping out with
Every team is using a buy out but the are like \"Nah, we don't need to clear cap space, we're good.\"
gretchen wieners voice\n\nyou can't sit with us
I just remembered I had the choice of going to a Justin Bieber concert when I was 9. I said yes but my mom said no. Those were the days
Perhaps my favorite part of the parade was listening to applause and seeing those great dancers
Two can play at that game
I want to gouge out your eyes and feed it to your dog
We drove by some dude and my sister in law goes omfg I think he's gonna go shoot up someone.
I like honest people who cut to the chase. Don't beat around the bush if you want to tell me something, just say it.
It's better to know and be disappointed, than to never know and always wonder what could of been.
When bae has a problem I fix that. She get to dictate.
Rather have a dude tht wud make them be socially accepted. Then one theyd be happy with
Milano is no kessel, take it easy tsn lol
Judge me, Judge me, Judge me, and miss out on my message.. It's your choice..
Cut Dwades ass all you want was the first one from the 03 draft to get a ring
I rather swing at love during free agency then be traded
\": you have more then one ?\" One that I liked did me horribly foul bruh. I had to bounce back
Some people really piss me off
Once you cross the line don't complain about the war wounds. Die like a soldiers.
Just seen a little girl fall and scrape herself on sidewalk and her moms reaction was to yell at her \"shake it off, you're not dying\"
\": The legal age of consent to have sex in Argentina is 12.\"
Confirmed: Dempsey's goal this match is earliest in World Cup history.
and that's why I need you here so hear this now, come home, come home
If we have a tornado we will make you go to school.
My brother drove to and from Vegas while we slept! You the real MVP! Lol
The guy behind us projectiled everywhere
What's going on?
bobs burgers is by far the funniest show I've even seen in my entire life
I should probably sleep soon since I have to get up hella early tmo
Leaving in just a few hours and still have yet to pack
Yo no se si soy muy amargada o la gente es muy estupida
Teen wolf is turning me on right now
I would fuck with a jhene and john track... They should just do a track so I can be happy.
Wouldn't you rather be a widow than a divorcee?
prolly going to this july.
\": Should be fuckin illegal to work today\" sign a declaration of independence
Psalm37v4 Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give u the desires of ur heart
WHEN YOU UNDERSTAND THE POWER OF GRACE?, SIN, SATAN LOSE HIS HOLD,AND ALL POWER FROM OFF OF YOUR LIFE TO TORMENT AND CONTROL YOU WITH FEAR.
Just watched and it was HILARIOUS!!! Rent it. Do it. Now.
ITS TEARIN UP MY HEART WHEN IM WITH YOU BUT WHEN WE ARE APART I FEEL IT TOO
Hey , I aint trippin .
Wtf snap chat froze then said I opened a snap and then logged me off -.-
It's time to say it good bye good bye
I hate having that one person on my mind and can't get them off! Ugh! Fuck my feelings :\/
plus I'm stoned so it makes it 10xs better
Nothing haunts us like the things we don't say
Usually it's your friends or extended family that sucks the fun\/life out of you, but for me, it's my mom.
Imaginandome Ensima De Tu Cuerpoo O.O
Alot of thinking was done this past week
Congrats to on your 2nd career no-no. You're a beast and your stache game is on point
even though it's fucked up\nyo i'm still fucking with u
It's just less about life experience for me. I would prefer MUSIC be the scapegoat into life experience. Isn't THAT the point?
All this packing is stressing me out
how many times will I watch Inside Llewyn Davis in the next 6 months
I tried to go to bed early but I woke up so I'll just stay up.
I had so much fun today do I have to go to work tomorrow
I kinda don't wanna go to Miami tbh
Back to Cooperstown today for 1 week of amazing ball, the Baseball Hall of Fame and just a fun time with a great group of people.
Nicole David accent flip flops worse than Jaida
funniest movie I've seen in so freakin long lmao i was literally in tears after i saw that
WERE GOING TO THE NEXT TOUND
with too much possession and looking very dangerous....
I GOT A 74 ON MY MATH REGENTS IDC I PASSED IM HAPPY
I didnt listen to her picked out the size i though i was and i was on point with it
Laying down blowing the maryjane getting paid.
Wow that was a critical save
yo is the new booty call
\"Trust yourself to love what you truly love. Have plenty of confidence to say what you really want to say\"
When history views that footage? I had no clue i was about to be attacked. Note i didnt even entertain using my 32 oz beer az a weapon..
Let go to the beach beach
Bruno got arrested again, shit ppl really don't learn from their mistakes.
I think I might be the most jealous person alive. Is that good or nah?
Told ya I love that guy.
Cain needs to stop getting hit with these comebackers.
In other news.... The 6 sided ring comes back to . I'm actually happy about this it's what made TNA different &amp; unique...
When Matt compliments you, you know it's real
You learn something new every day
You know those loud, drunk, annoying people at concerts that people hate? Yeah thats I currently
What a great game!! Congratulations Costa Rica!!
This will take some getting used too
found an dutchyyy in my fridge.. whos could it be and why is it there
ambers crying because Shawn Mendes is coming to NYC
If you like somebody, ONLY FUCK WITH THEM. Wtf
Mommy won't buy me a convertible
Ronaldo what are you doing
I truly believe being a genuinely good person is contagious
If jake fucking opens his mouth I'm going to get kicked out.
Get that outta there
Had no idea Sonny Milano was from Massapequa
It was so nice to see everyone, congrats you fuckers
I'm going to start a club for people who don't want to leave the couch
I think that when me and kali are in Vermont for a week we'll kill each other by the third day
When my sister realizes not every guy here wants just guys lol
No. RT : You kill yourself to Lana Del Rey music.
Best nights sleep in awhile!! Only 2 more wake ups!!
And new songs. Like they hit me right in the heart. But I'm really curious as to if the next album will be subtract or divide
Bitches be tripping over their brows when they dont even got none.
Something tells me DCCC gonna have another big haul today
We could've really used Landon Donovan at a time like this.
this sun burn is a religious experience
releasing emotions through tears feels like a weight lifted off your shoulders, but crying too long only makes things worse
i know you love me , ya nigga hate me.
My dream vacation is going to a big private beach house with a beach with my girl and getting a yacht and an atv
I think it's about that time I got rid of the lion mane
But like, she spilled her beer all over my new sandals and my bag.
Just going to pretend like today didn't even happen
my brother went to sb and he didn't get me any
Nothing says \"A day at the ball yard\" like salmon.
mArico todos los dias tomo pastillas
My parents keep asking me if I'm prepared for the chem regents...
Going from being with someone everyday to not at all sucks!
\": July 4th 1929 October 8th 2011 RIP King Davis\"
\": why cant i cry money instead of tears\"
Lmao I'm so cheesy, I gotta stop xD
I've been traveling from state to state &amp; I've noticed two things: \n\n1. I know someone in damn near every state (that I've been to at least)
Esa cara de LeBron no es de cansancio, es de fustracion
Home before midnight after a low key MonDate night w
Nah, we not even that anymore. Pushed me to the edge. I'm done.
Sarah just thinks she can rip her clothes off here.
*sigh. I was supposed to get off at 12.... AND I'm opening today.... I'm pissed dude.
mds kkkkkkkkkkkkk ri litros com esse video kkk
My goal isn't to make you forget your past, we all have one. My goal is to make sure you enjoy your now when it's just you and I.
Rather be doin dishes then drive through
Determined to be front row on AGT again this summer
It's like really dark but I kinda like it
I've been in love with him my whole life, his movies are all classics
I miss going on vacations
Mom, what is sex? Is that something you put on a sandwich? Is that some kind of cream cheese bagel?
the real question is why isnt famous yet?
\": \"Lyssophobia\" is the fear of going insane.\" the irony
qualquer coisa to aq nat, te amo
The real drag about going to bed at night is that you're basically only one conscious hour from being back at work again.
Goooooooooooooooooooooool de los Estados Unidos!
When a ghost was in our dorm room .. Haha
I want my summer to b lit like Ja Rules Livin it up vid.
*listens to hsm songs at 2:30AM* I am a possessed woman
But then again he's an alcoholic and has a hookah problem.
Monster seriously saves my ass every 6 am shift (which is everyday)
I'm not one to ride dick or kiss ass...unless u my nigga and u into that
The day after I go to a Giants game Lincecum throws a no no. Oh well.
Getting my Jersey on, the future starts soon.
\"Under the influence of DMT, the world becomes a palace, vast with motifs that flood the gaping mind with complex and wordless awe\" -McKenna
I am very territorial. I do not care. If we talk\/text you're my boyfriend. Period. You're mine. Accept this fact and let's move on.
It's impossibledo makeup when you're hammered..
Corolla &gt; RT : Fireflies outside of my window &gt;
Holy fuck. Dempsey.
I'm in love with the song already it will defnetly be playing at my sweet 16 on Friday ;)
My grad pics are fugly lmao. Didn't expect anything else
No one even compares to you
Un aplauso para el hombre que dice: \"No necesito otra, ella lo tiene todo\"
Just thinking about how packed bww is gonna be tomorrow makes me wanna stay home
online shopping be like $13.45 +shipping fees = $30.67 like fuck outta here with that bs
Happy 4th of July a good day to stay inside and pack
THE DUGGARS ARE SO WEIRD.................. why do you have 18 kids
I haven't gone to a strip club yet, I'm not down for centerfolds because I feel like they don't have talent.
Pull up on a bitch so loud
He's telling a story about when my brother asked for a slushie. Go to bed
Hay labios que nacen para ser besados,adorados y amados...
Im not going to pride yet
I'm not smiling just because I'm happy, I'm smiling because you make me happy.
That nigga got kicked in the nose tf
\"By the time we remembered, the ball had been sucked and the virus transmitted.\"- Lisa on ball pits.
People won't understand, which is why you should keep doing what you're doing
I want that chicks \" Don't be mad\" outfit
only will make a comment about Washington, DC NFL team lmao
I went to Baskin Robbins in my pjs thinking no one would be there HA HA kill me
They act like life was that damn simple
It's like, how can i run w\/o listening to lord of the rings? That way I can pretend I'm off to destroy the ring or something
After yesterday I don't wanna think about alcohol for awhile
Shout out to the DOGPILE SEARCH ENGINE in Chris Gethard's comedy special. YES
I'm petrified when GoT changes scenes...a conversation can follow with a torture, rape, or execution one
Everytime i think of something she texts me literally talking about the same thing
I've succumbed, starting Orange Is The New Black.
Some nights I can't fall sleep without my boyfriend. And tonight's that night.
I'm just gonna go back to sleep
Prendimooooo :D y de tanto humo formamo una nube
can't dwell on the past, let that shit rock
- What a great film. Hits home on so many levels
The money will be so Right next month.
i just exercised for the first time in 2 weeks
No need to watch the game if you have social media
God have mercy on me, I Surrender to you. Please help me get my life back, I dont wanna live like this anymore, this cant be life, Please!!!
I need the beach right now.
Duck faces are not cute y'all! Stop bombarding my snap chat with them!!! I got 4 this morning - males and females doing it.
This is going to be a midfield battle
To the person asking about deleting instagram captions: If nobody posted a comment u can delete your initial caption &amp; redo.
i'm not even sure how many people i've met today all i care about is chelsea grin right now
I bought this $30 shirt from piperlime and my mom threw it in the trash bc it showed my bra,that was 8th grade but she still not forgiven
Messi is very good at soccer not as good as me though
I eat more in one day than most people do in a week.
\": I need more friends who lifts.\" I really do
USA! USA! USA! USA!!!
The electric buses here in San Fran are pretty sweet
I need Disneyland in my life soon
Would it be gay to make a bucket list for summer?
Seniors check the senior assassins group if you haven't been looking at it!!!!
At work on that old school wave
DEMPSEY U ARE A GOD
Had to throw a drink at this bitch in that Kim KDash game
Can't wait to go to the fair but I need a listings of ALL carnivals in queens
Peace out America, Ireland here I come
allowing someone to kill my spirit
This game is so frusterating
Promise rings are absolutely adorable when there given and actually mean something.
The weather in sucks today. And it's .
Devils Wears Prada: got your dream job? So..? Don't let your work life take over your own life. Remember those who actually care about you
I got a heart , with no scars
Why are all these armstrongs like to hurt our players
Omg that french class I just dropped today \": 18. What was your worst class in HS\/College?\"
WHAT PLACEMENT! WHAT A TAKE, finally, the equalizer!
someone come smoke with me at brookwood hall
Last of the first rule set (and you'll notice that no longer applicable), and the next of the new set ()... starting... now.
Ohh shit, I must have mixed up the bags. Damn, Marshall gonna be pissed off at me on that one.
World Cup, game 5, game of thrones finale = Couch day
Black people would spend today arguing about why we shouldnt celebrate today but yet none of yall asked to go to work today either
I want to sell all my merch and buy new merch with that money
Brandon Flowers wasn't as good as Dennard last year, but may as well take a look, I guess? Could let them have lots of disguised sets.
Don't talk shit on someone &amp; then hangout with them -.-
I'm just not looking forward to this morning.
Yes. Messi. Yes.
I hope Kawhi Leonard get MVP
Any true Spurs fans?
SAT score : 1900\nNext time I'll get a 2000 I can feel it
I Laugh at the wrong times but idgaf
Absence makes the heart grow fonder sad to say
I know it don't seem difficult to hit you up.
Listening to good music in the darkness with good people is just perfection
Anyone else see that Argentine flag about the Falklands??? Wow!!!!
Im just trying to be happy with people that wanna see me happy
Pharrell got on ugg boots! He still stylish
Y beggers be tryna make u feel bad wen u say noo tho lol
you can't expect people to be real w\/ you just because you're real with them... Unfortunately. Shit just doesn't work like that.
Today's not the day. Someone's gonna catch my attitude real soon
My room: my happy place &lt;3
I've been starring at my ceiling for the past 2 hours...
Congrats to my baby bro on his gradation and his class
Puta madre que son crack los RT de
There is no point to lie , i'll find out the truth eventually .
I could never be happy for too long
Ojala Diga Que Si : D
Old folks talkin bout back in my day? But homie this is my day!
If my kid ever gets a trophy after losing... Ill make him smash and break it. Nothing wrong with losing but getting a trophy after it...
\"If you buy your July 4 supplies at , you can celebrate our independence from and dependence on at the same time.\"
RIP Jerome, you were a cool ass fish
Keep going keep going dont stop, grind hard til you hit the top
DWade jus got a taste of his own medicine
\"Do you want the truth or something beautiful?\"
WHAT WAS THAT !?! IM GONNA DIE !!
Last tweet of the night coming up now
Still riding around wit that stick nigga what the fuck yu gonna tell me
Stefan siempre haciendo todo para Elena y Damon, mientras ellos la pasan tan bien.
I TWEet liKE 500 TWEETS TODAY ILL PROBABLY HIT 10K TONIGHT
This dude Patty Mills is playing for a new contract.
Just took 8 benadryls, hopefully I get some sleep tonight
Literally walked into tmobile today n walked out with a new phone didn't have to pay shit
I got a thing for you :)
Let me just say me and the clique looked great at banquet
Been waiting 4 years for another crack at . Let's go
The shower is caaaallling my name
If I'm the Yankees, I throw at Napoli tonight. Say whatever you want to the press
The Flange That Time Forgot
Oh!!! so cute PooPoo bear :) I wanna hug (BooBoo = u?)
My phone has been so dry for years now.
You can find me in the Adam Levine section of k mart
Things are the worst they've been and i honestly don't feel like getting out of bed in the mornings. idgaf anymore about anything
I've achieved a bigger thing, no cash or check could be more blessed
So, I have all day in San Francisco tomorrow. I was planning on Alcatraz, but booked for months. What should I do here?
Wendy Williams in the morning makes my day
Subway adventures: woman eating pizza, man putting on aromatherapy oils, woman in see-through lace blouse, no camisole. Oh, NYC.
Nigga I'll fire this nina like it's her first day On the job and the bitch overslept!
Just a reminder to everyone that last night I outlasted Sam and I'm the best at everything ever.
I have to trim my sideburns once a week, this has become a problem. Why am I so hairy? Something has to give.
Might as well just go see something cool by myself lol
Miami got no defense
I work with a guy that when he speaks, which he never stops, sounds like he has macaroni salad in his mouth.
Lost a couple niggas this year..
I just got paid to spend my entire day with MATT FUCKIN BOMER.
I saw a pair of galaxy leggings on sale today and I almost bought them just because of how horrified I know would be
\"My problem is with people that vanish and then walk back in and expect to be instantly forgiven. \"
Fuck yeah Jermaine Junior!
PORTUGAL QUE PORRA ESTA FAZENDO
Wow i forgot u can swing ur leg and kick people in the face on headers
Bring on the Toby snapchat stories and instagrams
I need a new pre workout none of em work anymore
CANT WAIT TO FUCKING BURN ALL MY PRE CALC BULLSHIT
You know a picture is amazingly pretty when literally any Instagram filter looks good on it
I will tell you, celebrating other nations Independence Days when you are there is way better than how we do things here.
every kid cudi song is my life
If my tarot card prophesy back in December is gonna pan out, it has 6 more days to do it.
Hope this idea doesn't fuck me over in the morning
She only comes when she's on top.......\n\nof a different dude.
Just seen the Tiff Bannister porno. Did she really just lose her virginity on camera?
You don't got 1 degree but you'll get a phd for that thing you done to me
beckerman getting a beat down. hair status: still on point.
Fuckin' black bears, I want winter back and fuck it
Bangbros be coming in so clutch.. I be beating my meat all crazy lmfaooooooo
\n \n \n \n\n\n \n \n
Sweet boys &gt;&gt;&gt;
And please let your weak ass come at me bitch we been through this before lol
Every time I travel I have to leave half my suitcase for food
I want Ryan to come out of first class, signing me a romantic song, accompanied by Billy Idol.
As much as I hate it, there are just some people that you need in your life
I'm getting some wild ass calls today.
Pretty sure my mom is a angel and or saint sent from heaven
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! So blessed to be surrounded by such awesome people!
Craving a steak, mashed potatoes, and rolls like right now
i learned along time ago bein nice too a Bitch doesn't get you anywhere
They should bring on Donovan...
30 seconds in!!
If Ghana looses this game, a zero-point-world-cup-campaign is highly imminent, we simply cannot loose this game
All the fives better listen when a 10 is talking
Last week I almost fainted. now I feel like my heads gonna explode and these past days I been feeling like ima pass out
Don't u have anyone else to go talk to
What if Hobby Lobby were owned by a kosher family, and suspended you for eating bacon. The uproar would be such that people took to streets
ignore gross legs
I'm about to k.o i just drank this zzquil
staying off twitter bc game
\": From tapper to hip hop dancer this is Eric aka ! \" so awesome!!
I mean; it's like, sometimes you just really need a drank after a long day... Or before one... Or during one... Or even just an easy one!
Every single thing I do now will impact my future. It's weird to think like that, I miss being younger and careless
It is too much to ask haha
Good morning text = you're what I think about when I wake up :)
Teen wolf is gonna be legit this season .
Tell me if you want me to give you all my time
Es increible como un tipo tan preparado como Andres Felipe Arias, logra caer tan bajo por sed de poder.
Why is love, relationships and trusting people so fucking hard.
It's soo hot over here... I'm melting... I want to move to Svalbard!
I can't wait for my bleachers pack to come in I'll tear that fucking box apart
Drinking AND WATCHING THROUGH MY PHONE , Bobs BURGERS .....
gonna start watching orange is the new black tonight
Wowza goalkeeper!!! you were amazing the entire game
Maggie's mad Bc I won't go to the movies with her
I hate seeing my phone all cracked and ugly
I really wanna read 's and 's bookkkk
honestly, I'm sick and tired and I need to just go to sleep
It's Gay pride parade here in NYC. Wow amazing costumes.
pLEASE follow my friend Ilyyyy &lt;3
So far my shopping cart is at 18k... She said she wanted luxury, well honey that's what your gonna get!
Everyone in my family calls me the bully of the family I'm like the nicest one here 0_o y'all niggas be the one startin shit
I could look into her eyes until the sun comes up.
Jozy get up!
You have one .. 1 .. ONE motherfuckin tatt &amp; you really felt the need to put it in your bio ah okay I've seen it all now
31 seconds into the game?!!
You called yourself a for more twitter followers and you know it.
Just heard a 5 yr old girl say, \"but I don't want to be fat!\" When eating only a bite of pizza! She said she'd rather be a princess!
Only in San Francisco would there be dead stop traffic at 2:30 am. Jesus drunks, get off the road!
Smoking with Irene and her man
i'll always be a misfit
I'm too exited for this game
Give me a month &amp; I'll have the perfect model body :)
\"Soo much ice on me, that's why I'm Lit like a Christmas tree\" -Zaslav
So sad that I have work
The look of horror on a security guard's face when they see a dude in a shirt walking in is priceless.
im not going to fucking summer school
Turns out I didn't need to worry about switching terminals; flight delayed and am stuck in Philly again.
OH HEY MANU!!??
I just want it to be tomorrow already
I'm not going to sleep tonight I'm not wasting my summer.. Staying up all night
So I got new insurance papers for my car. But got no car to put it in
incredible games today - thrilling down to the last minute. THIS is the level of soccer that makes the World Cup the World Cup.
All I want is this situation to be fixed
You sometimes forget that you don't know me. Here let me remind you: FCK OFF
What good have or have ever done for this country they are both no talent and useless..why do you people care?
I wanna go back to APU but not go to class
My dad swears he can use my camera better than me. That's why I can't stand being home. Surrounded by noobzzzz
MY BROTER JUST HIT A HOME RUN AND I COULDNT BE PROUDER!
just saw a picture of an actual asshole on my timeline . gonna go to bed
Can I wear my cowboy boots tn and not be judged
Dean Ambrose acting Psycho after fighting with Seth Rollins
If I received over fifty Instagram likes... I bet my phone would alert the authorities for identity theft
Getting some xanz tonight YASSSSSSSSSSS BITCH
Overthink the most when im in the shower
BGC 13 needs to come fast sk can get back on t.v!!! We miss ya already!!! P.S. please follow back!! :D
U wake me up I kill everything u love
The Queen Alien, however tops 's\"hella salty\" list.
\"Your grandma unfollowed me on instagram and i almost cried\" -
should get ready ta go by neka.
I wanna work somewhere on 42nd who got pull like that at there job?
Funkagenda, Art Department, Mark Knight and J Phlip all in NYC on the same night.
The book will always be better than the movie.
all this Obamacare and you still couldn't get your teeth fixed
Griten duro miii nombre duro lo kiere ecuchar.........
YESSSSS USA USA USA USA
This is so underwhelming. Not like I expected anything more...
Respect humans that dance and take selfies with their dogs
Random goals for next year: Maybe join Warren Council, get Closer to my sibs , Stay in touch with Suite 300!
Since work made me miss most of I am now marathoning all the runs I missed on
MONEY TEAM RT : GOAL! bursts down wing &amp; slides an unreal lpass along the 18. Cicerone gets shot off. 1-0
i'm confused do people think anonymous voicemails and subs are intimidating? because they're not just shows how pussy you are tbh sns
so lucky to have my boy
Ab soul is sooo fuckin awesome if you don't think runs the hip hop game, you're truly fuckin up
Not thrilled to be spending the next 9 hours at work
Sleeping in my own bed again is like heaven
Dang he has a baby? Holy crap that is so crazy
People forget the good that someone has ever done for them
walked under a tree when I got home tht I usually don't &amp; a bird rly attacked me I screamed holy shit safe 2 say I'll never do tht again WOW
People gmt. They can't say shit to your face but yet have the courage to talk to shit behind you.
Tell me you're not wearing a poof. TELL me I'm seeing things
Can I stay in America pls thnx
A few of these apps are strange, . I'm over the whole \"download every new app\" thing. I'm growing into making my own...
you know I'm sick when I don't groom myself.
Aaaaaand should be trending any moment now. Good job, kids!
Wow within the first 30 secs eh? That's how the USA rolls.
I'm literally bouncing off the walls I'm so happy wow
If you were giving a chance to start over. Would you? And What would you have done differently? The thought is real!!
Turn down for what? How about work.
Happy 4th of July to all!
If you always talking about how your ex wasn't shit then your not over him\/her
Discussions with the bf made me call my congressman...now I know I'm a \"grown azz woman\".
I don't have a single pair of pants that aren't to short on my legs...
I'm a master at driving with my knee
HAHAHA what the fuck was that
What a difference a sound bar makes on the ol 42 incher
what's a place where you can get your screen fixed and it's not expensive lmfao
\"I wrote it, it's finished, now I've just gotta type it up.\"\n\nIf you claim to have never said this before, you are lying.
\": Short girls are the best girls.\" True datttttttt
thank god for a 4 day work week
A car with \"Big Toy Boy\" just did some laps in the hospital parking lot and left, weirdo
People complain about shit but don't do anything about and wonder why they're still in the same situation
Wait, why is it so late
I really feel that if I talk to you, you'll help me feel better cause I'm going through a tough time and I think you understand
Text me if you wanna come to my fire bruh 609 276 7647
Dr Jalaly owned a pharmacy in Iran.
Instead of water fountains at school there should be wine fountains
I never let anyone humiliated. But I knew I was ready and that they would humiliate me.
Messi's face Kano
My take is Greece don't make it outa pk's
Well you never really know but when they know, you'll know, ya know?
JERMAINE JONES IS ABOUT TO GET UNGODLY AMOUNTS OF ASS
My mom texts me everyday and tells me how much she misses me
Benzino and his mother didn't have a good relationship!? Damn.
Man I hate how the men's soccer drop on the floor and have a drama act. I hated playing with players like that
I'm a nice kid who does bad things
ah yes there's that synth
I been Urkel for some years its better being Jahleel
somewhere between a mistress and commitment
deserve this win. team moves on. great penalties.
Go Anne Peters, reminding the audience TWICE not to take photos of the slides.
Im literally within 10 blocks of my house at all times so why are my parents annoying me about my location 24\/7
I hope everyone on delray ave loved listening to me scream timber as loud as I could bc my throt is burning now
One clap of thunder and I'm wide awake with the lights on
done with this twitter shit b you wanna talk you know where to find me
Mollers final is gunna be the struggle though
FATHER'S DAY\n\"Teaching you, he'll Never Stop...\n Your Smart &amp; Strong &amp; Loving Pop\"\nHappy Fellow Dad's Day !\n-Dr Carl\n \"\"\". :::: ;;;
Right now I'm pacing around my house about to break down because I don't know what you are going to say next
Seriously... a yellow card
Whoppi is the only one left on the view. Yikes
Nigga fuck yo mama shoulda wore a condom
I love when my parents are out of town
FOLLOW ARE YOU PEOPLE CRAZY?
If you aren't my friend on snapchat I feel sad for you.. Bc I think I'm funny :-)
This the only time I will watch soccer the World Cup !
I'll never forgive Lydia for being such a bitch to him and he died like ...
Wallah les flic au states ces des cerial killer ma race
Yo when the fuck is the Yeezus movie coming out lol
got it all but I still want more so anything goes
I can see some upset people on Twitter tonight lol
If you don't know what a moken troll is you don't speak 3 year old fluently
Hmm is it worth it ?
I know I already saw them but still. Twice wouldn't hurt
So over being disappointed
oh my god how did it take me that long to discover shindol's cultural anthropology MY LIFE WAS MISSING SOMETHING SO GREAT
There's literally nothing to do but nautilus
everyone went to sleep all of the sudden
Thanks &amp; 500's PreMoney continues to be the most relevant early-stage investor conference in Silicon Valley.
\"If you lead through fear you will have little to respect; but if you lead through respect you will have little to fear.\" Anonymous
you gotta go double orange chicken at panda
Te que ria dar un abrazo
Hope this kermit twitter trend ends mad quick.
i still play too much gta for my own good.
My last tweet still makes me laugh lol
If you want to change the world start with yourself
But she's fucking perfect wtf ?! I just can't wait for the movie to come out
Following an earlier incident at 125 Street, and trains has resumed with residaul delays.
I wanna get am industrial :(
I'm forever expecting the worst out of people, and I haven't been wrong yet. That's the worst part.
I swear im on my level
Napoleon you're just jealous I've been getting matches with babes on tinder all day
I think babe fell asleep and it sucks because now I miss her
Si te quiere con \"k\" no te quiere.
estoy tomando un descanso no le digan a mis padres o si no me desconectan el wifi
I wish I didn't have to work on days where everyone and their mothers are chilling.
Can't sleep to save my life
Well if we aint doing shit imma napp.
PHIL OF THE FUTURE IS UP NEXT FUCKING SO HAPPY RN
Insultando a nuestros hermanos chavistas, no los sumaremos a la lucha, los apartaremos de nuestro lado. La amabilidad es la clave.
4:03am what r u thinking about?..
So there's a TV show that sets people up to get married WITHOUT EVER HAVING SEEN ONE ANOTHER, but gay marriage is an affront? Good god.
Oh my god jermaine jones
I just worked out after a month of straight doing nothang. Shit is stressful son lmao
Damn no lie I missed our adventures together.
Interviewer: \"When you were in Austin, Texas governor Rick Perry was here.\" Hillary Clinton: \"Oh... lucky you.\"
ANTES ERA UN PALOMO LA VERDAD AY QUE DESIRLA PERO AHORA AY QUE HACERME SALUDO
I swear i need to get the fuck out this house man i need my own shiit
TIL that I don't know how Swarm works.
This was the first EDC in a while were I didn't say at the end \"I'm getting to old for this\" \nSo next year or is that too soon?
\"No celebrities wanted to hang out with Nixon.\"
I wanna go to Fridays or Applebee's.
I will be very disappointed if my children aren't athletes
Wake me up when things are better
Ugh who the fuck bought organic mayo? That shit tastes like soap
Happy birthday to the founder of east.
When you got somebody good , you hold on to them !
The Isles drafted Dal Colle, fuck man
I need to be up in 5 Hours and I'm still watching Netflix
. Get Bob a drink. What an asshole
If we don't make some crazy bad decisions, we would have no good stories
I drove Bobby and Maddie to mcdonalds and didn't get anything. I'm proud of myself
Wanna come with me to bae side queens
Genobili slam dunk
Bro I was just trying to tell you something you didn't know.
Old timers day is awesome!!
We laughed until we cried
about the stuff that you're afraid to communicate about so it doesn't tear your apart
I'm tryna figure out where some of these unemployed people r getting their money from
\": forsure, she said just hit her on fb\"ooo yea duhhh okay I will
it goes from good to bad in a split second smh
You ain't gonna catch me with them sneak bitches
You're chill and it's wassup that you're doing wrestling this year again
DEADASS I don't care what you say if you fucked 3 guys in one night YOUR A FUCKING WHORE HANDS DOWN
And of anyone needs me I'm on the LIRR headed to the Hampton's.
Good thing I finally ordered an A\/C today, because the trapped heat in my studio is already feeling mighty nasty. Stupid humidity...
Came back home because it's toooooooo flippen hot
Almost got kicked out of the women's locker room at the Y for being under 18...
I guess as usual white ppl are more aware of what ppl of color need than we are.
0\/ should be considered a X.
Why're all silver creek people so flower child?
I have so much to say and too much feelings rn.
Just be happy that you're blessed with the basic necessities for survival. Some people around the world still have to fight for them.
I cant stand people who downgrades others
Hate when people talk shit without them even knowing
Happy ! We're open until 5 today!
Seriously e stone still up turn on and watch Little Women:LA
When I look at the internet now I feel like I'm watching a landscape speed by from the window of a train
Still awake and I have to be up by 7
Getting my gym membership back now that I live at home again. Hallelujah
It's serious when I put my headphones on
What a ripper
Guess who isn't wearing white tomorrow
Really , another ass shot???
Just as I cracked a beer, Jones put that goal in. Guess that's my new lucky charm.
Me and my brother are having a fart contest at work hahahah
I was stranded 2 hours away from home, in the middle of no where with no service (-:
Oh how u confuse me
I just want someone to text me and tell me they are going to miss me and tell me every little thing they'll miss and make me cry
I don't watch Doctor Stranger, but everything about it pisses me off. Damn shipping wars. This is much worse than Answer Me 1994
Chicken burrito again because there was plenty left over. Whole grain tortilla, brown rice, chipotle sauce, lettuce, tomato &amp; sour cream.
My stomach is growling louder than ally when she snores. AND THATS PRETTY DAMN LOUD.
Listening to The Beach Boys alone in my room... Waiting for someone to answer my texts...
People should really read \"the 5 love languages\", find out not only your language but your significant others as well.
do u like the way I flick my tongue or nah?\n\nnah.
Alright this is ridiculous. What the fuck Miami..
I made it awkward with oomf now I think
Don't tell me you don't want me around and then get mad when I'm not around.
she say she love me but she don't love me the way she say she love me.
these cramps are keeping me from falling asleep
Me and rach are tryna fuck shit up
Megan Fox is bae in every transformer movie she is in!
You gotta figure out what it is about your pussy that keep attracting ain't shit niggas- Katt Williams
I'm only a step behind because I'm cleaning up after you.
Tranquilito y bueno el muchacho pero no sabes que se quema por dentro!!
Happy girls are the prettiest girls.
Seee you in about 5
Draft at the barclays tomorrow! Trying to make that 250$ at work
21 jump street on FX
I love when people tell me they're proud of me.
Want to go to the fair tn?
I love how fake people from my high school are. You aren't the only ones who go out to bars just because you stayed home for school.
Lol wtf was that
when he realizes that we can do that when everything clicks
USA ties game
\"MOM MOM I met this Tall Handsom Guy.. He Caught my Attention .. \" &amp; Her Exact words \"Give it time , time will tell\"
Mama Raised Me Dolo All I Kno Is Yolo , Came Frm USPA To Rockin Regular Polo
I want a boy who will lay in bed and play Sims with me... And maybe make out every now and then.
Heading to PDX for one day of , and misc. meetings in Portlandia. Ping if you'd like to dine with me Tues night.
Happy Birthday ! Now go get yourself a Subway sammich!
DEMPSEY MY MAN
Well the spider that was missing is now on the ceiling, I can not reach that
Every night we drink to our accomplishments
god I love the stars so much when there's no moon out.
It was never a question of will he get belligerent, it was merely more a question of how belligerent
Stay hydrated &amp; cool folks! It was 6am &amp; it was already 66 degrees. It will be 92 in the East Bay today!
please pick me i am very happy about this and my birthday is july 11 the best gift of all would be this girl.
Good thing I have a gator skin as my next tiree. I think they will switch today.
sure in like 20 minutes I'm eating pasta
I pledge that when I graduate next year in 2015 . To stay graduated . I will not attend anymore HS related events . Signed Ana Castro
up too early to be working
Who wants to move back to Georgia with me??
It feels SO crazy to be back in NYC.
Ok so I'm not in your group anymore...
El es como un aguasero,le cae a todo el mundo.
Lol there's a horny facts acc
I was just a poor college dropout until I followed and turned into a billionaire social media tycoon! #
My favorite holiday :) happy 4th!!!
Why do I step on ughhh
Just because i work doesn't mean i can go crazy buying shit .. Gosh fuck outta here , let me do me
While all the time that I was loving you , you were busy loving someone else
I wish there were more themed parties
My Good Friend Edie shared with me she's been working on her Spec for 3 Years while she does other stuff. She said at least You finished.
I love when Kelly tweets about me.
Hate you dont fucking text me back but in person you are kissing me acting like we're ok. So done with this BS
NOT OFF YUSRA THO. SHE DIDNT LOVE ME LAST TIME I SEEN HER
most people complain about not having enough clothes while I'm complaining of having an overwhelming amount of clothes
bernadette is trying to break Danny's dick
Boi Mr karbz love muni eeeh
Godzilla Vs. The Clog Monster
Damn I forgot my earrings -5 swag points
What do I do if I haven't gotten my summer school schedule?
Huge pop for coming out to Eddie Guerrero's theme!
I now realise the struggle spongebob goes through with trying to pass the drivers test
I would've piped zendaya on Disney channel too b
As a goaltender myself I rep spect that very much
GAF posts are weird. It's like people can't decide anything on their own without posting to GAF first. \"Should I eat a donut? OMG pls help\"
Thanks for removing that \"tissue of belief\" still tissues left but we will prevail. thank you!
Ok Portugal quit it with the Ronaldo show and handle the ball!
Life's too short to worry; life's too long to wait
Happy 4th everyone!! Let's watch some futbol!!
Exactly 3 months until my birthday but who's counting
\"I'm pretty sure I threw up on my hand but I don't know where it went\" Tess madarasz everyone
Ugh coming back To VA Sunday to get the rest of me &amp; milo stuff
If Zooey Deschanel was from New Mexico, I wonder if she'd call it Albequirky.
I wish there was another wc game so I could watch that over the NBA finals
Time to move this puppy to the theatre! OPENS JULY 2nd!
Hell of a career for Shane Battier though
My god I love music.
I just watched The Great Gatsby and I forgot that the ending is tragic and now I'm going to bed depressed.
I hate New York sports teams so much
It's 8:30 and I'm lying in bed doin a whole lot of nothing. Lazy bum that I am.
Seriously. is such a babe.
Omg! This movie is amazing!! Coke, hookers, Vegas, a rented out plane!!! That's life lol
Halftime score: Made\/Bingo's All-Stars 41, CMC 32
Big blow there for the as Altidore is stretched off the field with an apparent hamstring injury.
STTTTTTOP OMMMGGGGGG THE STONE IS BACKKKKKK!!!!!
THIS IS MY SECOND HOME! GOOOOL
Me voy a ir a guate :)
One day I will own a house with a library bigger than the one from Beauty &amp; the Beast.
Once again listening to until I knock.
Yesterday, someone asked me if Maryland was close to Long Island. I ikd you not.
Pick up soccer games are to much fun
can you still buy xbox points or microsoft points in stores? if so what do you search online
An outie belly button can make a straight ten drop down to a strong 2 instantly
Portugal D is crazy
Kiss me like you miss me.
Well that's a kick in the face
Brother said stream chat was hella cheering me on. Offline Canada was getting hyped for me too.\nI FEEL THE LOVE AND I LOVE YOU GUYS
We listened to Warren G and Tupac tapes on the way to miami in our blue Cadillac fleetwood.
Yeah my pops ain't doing to well. .
Also GREAT trade for the knickerbockers
UUUUUUSSSSAAAAAAA WWOOOOOOOO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Straight up shit is real &amp; anyday could be ya last in tha jungle
regret taking a second language now that I have to stay for 6 hour testing again
Why are men such trash bags. I hate people more than I hate anything.
Lol why bruh just asked me if I wanted to buy a quarter for $90. Lmao come on man I ain't in Texas no more fuck outta heeeerrreeeeee
Stayed up dangerously past my bedtime the last two days
0049 leave Fresno that's my only advice
EVERY LAST PERSON THAT IS NOT SPEAKING WHAT THE LORD IS SAYING CONCERNING YOU.....THE SET TIME HAS COME....OPEN BACK THE DOOR...PUT THEM OUT
If you ever want to make me happy you can...
Feelin like i got macked by a tractor trailer...
I still have a lot to learn about Islam &amp; Christianity.
You could have a single ounce of respect
Today I won a cruise to the Bahamas. My life is now complete.
he looks like the dude from day Albert Lmaoooooo
AGAIN: very excited for yet another koons museum show. if you dont like his work, you dont know what sincerity is
if you see a girl who looks like a crack addict walking through shop rite don't be alarmed it's just me
how do the French not like peanut butter\n\nwtf's wrong w u ppl i would have sex with this stuff if i could
all I want is someone whos down too smoke, eat pizza and play video games
Don't bring out the crazy in me and then call me crazy
I WILL be in Russia for the 2018 World Cup.
Mike do you think Kate Murray will approve the new colliseum? \nOf cawse, it'll be great foah da economy dere\n\n\n
birthday s\/o to one half of my favorite duo: , thanks for making the beach entertaining w\/ buddy, have a great night!
I made banana chips to only find that I don't like banana chips.
pero tu cuerpo no miente!!
Jersey you are now on my shit list
Lots of people I'm not seeing before I leave, but fuck it whatever.
At the end of this week in going to reward myself
how doe my account look?
Alone drinking in the midst of the Hudson valley upper classes
wait were did my cousin even get a thong from
I'm going to make me some bomb ass bean burritos right now
I can't wait for \"The Decision\" Pt 2
So I'm definitely allergic to dog saliva which sucks considering the field I'm going into...I'm never touching my eyeballs again.
.I named my cats Wendy and Lisa... ;)
Aye happy birthday to j dawg!
Songs About You \/\/ Emanny
\"I don't have a boner for Rosa Parks.\" -
\": There are approximately 11.1 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. \"
I would much rather have a conversation with someone who had an issue with me rather than petty social media bullshit..... just saying
Port Jeff is dead right now
When texts me \"heller\" after barn chores..I know it's gonna be good
\"I long for affection but struggle with connections\"
ESTUPIDO WHY TF U TOSS HIM OUT THE WINDOW MY NIGGA
Everything starts with believing in yourself and never doubting yourself.
Dont tell em dont tell em. You aint even gotta tell em, dont tell em.
Jauh dari Cinta \nIsnin - Khamis 5.00 ptg\nLakonan dan . \n\nDrama baru.. best !!
Either I've have become really good at lying or people are just that dumb.
I've never met a girl who allows their phone to die so often
\"I will never get tired of fruit snacks. I will be 60 years old in a nursing home eating Disney princess fruit snacks.\"
Nothing turns my mood around like talking to
My dad is SO GOOD at dad jokes it's inspirational
I swear me and are such fan girls when it comes to teen wolf.
Well the fun is over fans and the fans can have all that fun...
I went to the craft store specifically for silver paint, then found silver paint when I was cleaning my room.
Just gave my 6 year old cousin and his companions some Budweiser's. Happy 4th ill see you guys when I get out of jail.
Brb writing an angsty pop-punk song about how I \"hate this town\" because there are no wawas. Also pizza &amp; I'm not sad anymore
Sometimes I think I'm a fraud &amp; no one cares for or respects me. Then I get all these invites for Candy Crush, and I realize it's not true!
I have the patience of a 1 month old waiting for it's damn bottle
Praying it's nice on sunday
I don't even care what I look like I just wana be comfortable
If you're gonna ignore me you can kindly fuck yourself
Yellow card is like \"plz stop\" and red card is like \"Stop.\" -explaining soccer to me
This is the best day of my life
I didnt have good dreams last night
I've been in this class for 30 minutes and I wanna rip all of my hair out
Exclusively been listening to on this bus ride. New York State has never looked better.
Nueva chamba Univision Felicidades, desde San Diego CA
New music before ramadan would be nice. Pls and 10x
always. just don't give myself enough credit at times.
The bitches who act like they too good to just \"chill\" with a nigga be the main ones fuckin the first night
I love takin bxtchs niggas , do that shit for fun
I dont expect you to understand me
I'm mad at myself for being so shy and nervous . I didn't even talk to them . Ugh
I have a habit of buying clothes that I think fit but then I realize they're too big and I don't like taking stuff back.
I can listen to this song for the rest of my life
Why in the world did I say yes to picking this shift up tonight ugh
Niggaas stole my BBQ from my backyard RATCHET ASS BROOKLYN
If you don't think Mr.Feeny was the realest on the block you my friend are mistaken
I really don't wanna do this homework
and to anyone that has ever wasted money on acne cream. you STOOPIT. the sun and rubbing alcohol.
Clearly it flew over your head \": he's been out performing them.\"
Have shown up for a community meeting about a neighborhood nuisance that affects everyone, but median age here is over 60.
\"I just farted and it was really hot\" -Dad @ Outback
Need my nails nd eyebrows done
some of these kids come in here 4 to 5 times a day like GO AWAY I GUARANTEE YOU DONT WANT TO BE IN HERE
this migraine just won't go away
That girl is fighting with makes me wish I wasn't blonde anymore...
Andi really loves the turtleneck mini skirt combo
she doesn't understand, i'm proposing to her this next week..
Remember when we went to SC because we wanted doughnuts...
FUCKING RIDE A BALD EAGLE INTO THE SKY DEMPSEY.
Joey chestnut just proposed to his girlfriend before the contest on tv.
you can't catch feelings for a dude that has a girl because 1) you're a side chick 2) he a bitch nigga for having two girls lmao
... and as soon as I realized the kid from Love Actually was in this, he got murdered by the scary ice skeletons. A lot of people died
I love harry styles so so soooo much he's my first celebrity crush and the first person I genuinely care about
Fire works or gunshots ? the hood may never know .
Honestly don't know why niggas beat their girls when you could just fuck the shit out of her
A 19 year old kid in Texas was given a life sentence for making pot brownies. There's so many things entirely wrong with that.
Por k el dinero no es agua pero te puede limpia
- lol idk about u, u be tryna do sum lil slick shit
Number 27 I bet over these years it's been 27 times and what goes up must come down till later
Fun way 2freak your dog out: while she's on the deck, go to a window from above and call out her name. Sit back &amp; watch the confused looks.
Feel like 100 bucks when you have the fresh edge up
I just want a root beer float......... With tequila
Atlantic city with my bf is booked:)
i feel asleep like 4 hours ago and it's 12:13 am
Told her ride me like a Harleyyyy
Gooooooooooool to Argentina!
Fuck your mentality.
Laying in bed watching a movie and i started to drift to sleep but my mind was still on and i dreamt\/thought of me just falling into a wave
Always on the run
I love people with accents .
\"Why can't the word MILF mean something classy?\" -Linda Meeks
I need you and you're not here
I have the best grandparents tbh
Ima still enjoy my day though
I LOVE REGGAE MUSIC SOOO MUCH
My mkm has come in my time uninvited 11 times in the past 10 min. Asking about how to set up a computer
Soo this is what a uncracked iPhone looks like
Macadelic has to be the most beautiful music for driving home from work in a thunderstorm
That's what I'm talking about!!
We will not go quietly into the night We will not vanish without a fight Were going to live on Were going to survive
One of the best games I've seen so far, Bosnia played really well, Argentina, regardless of winning, hasn't inspired much confidence.
These USA Soccer commercials on ESPN get me so hyped
Baby you're a song and you make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise
Tiny getcho lil ugly ass out the picture
Oh I've missed you cheesy World Cup opening.
Feeling another change to muh hurrr coming on in the near future
Oh my fucking god
ever wanna bawl up and just cry? yeah
only can miss 1 day of ss if i want an A.
Life too short to be sittin around miserable, people gon talk whether you doin bad or good
Goalllllllll Suck my balls Cr7
Free twerk videos from gret &amp; tor
Worst possible injury given Klinsmann selection strategy.
Mi cabeza esta llena de \"ojalas\" ...
Hoping for the best for Altidore but his reaction says otherwise
somebody buy my dog I don't want her
Body like the summer, fucking like no other. Don't you tell em what we do
\": lol lol too heavy for morning na and I'm not having a hangover!\" Save for future reference then.
Need to stay away, but can't.
\": Fuckin fagot that why I slept with the driver\" lmfaooooo smfh
Looks at Tyler Roger's yearbook photo everyone
Making it to 2nd base but saying you went all the way Monday afternoon to practice
. \nWhat do they say? The quote of the day!\n\nYou can bring a horse to water\nBut you can't teach it to French Kiss A Cow !
Hacer balconing en la habitzcion de nueva york esta siendo arriesgado ...
The thing is, he thanked them all on IG &amp; then posted himself with new possible BM's SMH
And I ain't ever gonna change
Yes I said 'football' instead of 'soccer' because logic.
Last Night was perfect but I hate how it ended
I just love getting away from the city sometimes.
Is there a more universal language than the awkward reaction to the jumbotron?
Cody should have said \"If you like her, ASK HER OUT!\"
IN HIS FACE DOE
Just need a some stars and a few beers
Just found a pack of cigs with a coue newports left in it in my room. My prayers have been answered lol
When I'm at family function and I here candy by cameo best believe I'm the first mf to get on the dance floor hittin that electric slide.
Congrats to &amp; just crossed 500k followers. Awesome Stuff
I feel like if I got a puppy it would solve all of my problems
You guys just got swept by the Braves. Stop posting your goodtime and smiling pictures.
500 can't get you that. How you get that?
I'm going to have to be a show off from here on out. Not really my style, but people would think less of me.
Who wants it in pool basketball
I've been through a whole lot in my life. People wouldn't even believe it. . RNS.
Penalty shootouts are always stressful to watch.
The Wii U is Largely Irrelevant to 3rd Party Developers and Publishers
This ain't what you want
Mais ouuuuuiii la photo subliminale dans les nuages ! (je cherche toujours)
I feel so disconnected with all the people back from my church. Idk I guess I don't wanna deal with all the drama in church.
I'm sorry for my snapchat stories lol
Nick cannon that was goofy:(
Runnin away from the moon to catch the sun quicker
Love you Tim Howard!!!
Soft and spacey enough to disappear
Follow me on Ig w3stcoastlatina
lexi \"thanks Matthew\" \nethan: \" get out of my car\" \n
Have you heard of any interesting startups or smaller lifestyle companies creating media\/video content like GoPro?
I really struggle with and almost 90% of the time I can't even figure out if BuzzFeed is screwing with me
Put on Sam Smith on Pandora and Leave Your Lover plays.
Missing snowy for the rest of my life
I want to go to the movies so bad! But no one is down :c
today is the 6,696th day of my existence
The field show routine should be great (:
RELEASE THE CRACKIN
im going to sleep fuck all the bullshit
Don't go to the fair on Mondays guys
Clint get back in there bby we need you.
Howard is a beast
.need to fire Incredible how Greece with 11+1 can't win vs CostaRica with only 10
Stan smiths everyday for the rest of summer. On god
Nobody wants to hang with the kid that has no car. That's cool
Wtf is the USA wearing?
Just watched an old man mentally judge me by looking at how I was dressed
That one moment when you get flat tire at midnight in the middle of nowhere &amp; it's really dark &amp; it's freezing
I just bought this song. I'm stupid.
Dont worry about a thing.
Sometimes it doesn't matter you just gotta cut a person off
That gif is too funny fuckn exploded and died
Anything that gets your blood racing is probably worth doing
It's better to be looked over than overlooked.
The players gonna be upset and gonna lose respect for the organization and probably Kidd nobody gonna sign to the bucs
I hope my hair still looks this good in the morning
I worked like an hour to pay for this shit salad
Love oovooing with my babe and best friend &lt;3
I USE TO LIVE RIGHT NEXT TO KALIN &amp; MYLES. OMFG
Made it to season 9 on greys anatomy.. Balling my eyes out ..
We are not what you think. You'll be surprised.
HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY TO ALL THE TROOPS WORKING OVERSEAS DEFENDING THE GREAT AMERICAN COUNTRY OF OURS FOR OUR SAFETY &amp; FREEDOM!
I interrupted multiple families dinners just to say hi to
She got on a black nasty
I can never give up on someone I love it's just not something I'm capable of doing
If only it was just a little bit longer
why don't I ever get my DM's ? what the fuck man
emma just got ready in 1 min
Dempsey scores!!!! 1-0\n
Man niggas be having such bitch tendency, but y'all suppose to be real hiittas. Eat a dick
Best ER dx--&gt;&gt; malingering \n\nYour thoughts? ?
Reports Say Lebron Signs 10 Day Contract To Cleveland Cavaliers
Mac miller &gt; kid cudi
Thanx 2 isa i sound like a thirsty hoe SMH @ her
Not even know wah fi say right yah now... me chouw off wicked
Saw some homeless kids and their sign said broke and ugly so we gave them $3
It's scary how spot on my instincts are.
Dog, just move over. I'm trying to lay down but you're in my leg area.
I really be wanting to put niggas on blast
OH MY GOD KING KONE IS SO CROWDED
Never bring up a persons past without knowing their reasons for their actions
Tell me where on this planet you can find a party with such an empty dance floor like on
I just want to own a shit ton of statement necklaces
I miss the rivalry i had with
Mixed feelings for the job mayne
Come at me 4v1 again i dare you.
It's impossible to get friend zoned in Persona 4.....plus Rise was all over your dick smh
this week had been going by soooo slow
The boys are coming from inside da hood
well I'm glad I took a nap because I woulda been miserable right now
when you think something is crawling on your arm but it's really your hair.. gets me all the time
I'm really into this performance with gays men's chorus in blonde wigs. Fabulous, girl!
I am the person I never wanted to be when I was little.
You know you made it once you cop a tiger
Hospital tomorrow morning for second round
I love thinking about how day to day life was for people 1000 years ago.
Aspen has the best ideas festivals.
I think you're a tad gay
Stimulating the utility to become energy efficient and reward the for it
everyone here is so attractive I can't deal
Shots of coconut tequila to end a great family party
If she helps you parallel park without you asking... She's a keeper!!
Welp, lol that was quick
Land of Make Believe was so much fun!
these niggas preaching their 2400s got me feelin stupid af rn
\"Mom! Show Brandon where his booger is!\"
&amp; THAT INCLUDES MY SISTER YOU'RE THE WORST OUT OF ALL OF THEM
Ese \"Te necesito\" de santi me preocupa y mucho.-
Why is there a circle of 6 graders smoking e cigs here?
aint no pussy that good that you buss in less than two minutes
I have no friends
Can we please talk about my sunburn for a second god damn I'm a lobster
You're all Alone in a Sea of People
Thinking of my grandma for some reason ...
Ur a fucking bitch \"mom\"
playing into egos is also a good way to get what you want
I only actually care a lot about dogs.
Robocop is such a sick movie
If I had vanilla ice cream I could of made a root beer float. I really want one
Nothing more comforting than being in a black Lincoln Town Car. Reminds me of good ol' NYC. Be there soon bebes!!!
I don't have friends you're either an acquaintance or you're considered family.
Vegas Strip is my new favorite show
Yo i ain't feeling work today
Dear Amazon Prime Video. It's dumb that you don't work with Chromecast.
Lmao i feel like my summer will just be me cleaning up after everyone until our vacation...... .
BOUGHT MY DIGI TICKET!!!! OMFG IM SCREAMING
Sunday service @ newlifefellowship Jesus + nice stuff = complete life
Why you got an attitude, girl that's everybody dude
That Ghana player should get thrown out for a blow like that. That was clearly on purpose he didn't even try to stop
i lost my word over Amber
nice to meet you but it's more pleasant to eat you.
Lil Wayne gassed Sierra up she probably got dumb hype
What a fucking blast!!!!!!!!
babies really do love to rip ur glasses off ur face
Might look like I care.. But only on camera
We're going to sign off now too! Thanks for all the follows + RTs. Another school year goes down in history.
Hmm I guess I still hate you but I wanna chill
in needs new hours.11:30-5:30?!? Can't stop on the way to work, can stop on the way back from wrk.
It's crazy what the women can do to a man
If u get unfollwed rn its because ur ignorant and I hate you
It's hard to keep track of you falling through the sky, we're half awake in a fake empire, we're half awake in a fake empire
I can't front I'm a lot to handle
Guess not then lol
I always manage to lose weight in Vegas. perfect. I'll take it.
I fucking hate my life so much. Fuck you life. You suck.
Still haven't heard anyone that could beat Jadakiss in a head up rap
wtf was that?
I should just blow up Terrell's phone since he's not answering me
Quick run to In n out for some shakes lmao
Now when is No Love Remix coming out? Cause..
If I was born in the right century I would've made a pretty good pirate
People recently have been commenting on my free spiritness &amp; I kinda just shrug my shoulders. after looking at pics I may have some of that.
Altidore pulled up with what looks like a hamstring injury. Not good.
another game comes down to penalties. the drama!
Have you all seen Highlander recently? I caught five minutes and my brain melted a bit. It's that intense.
Streets run red with burgundy's blood
Follow my girl . She's almost to 100k
I'll stay inside and watch the game
all that shit you were spittin was so unoriginal, but it was you so I was with it
Oh fuck everything fuck you kane
It smells like dookie out here
What an amazing goal! Atmosphere here is indescribable.
This show on netflix is funny lol
my phone still doesn't workkkkkk im finna cry
i am doing absolutely nothing
I be the last one to go to sleep and first one to wake up. Wtf
My roommate listens to Lana Del Rey. We should get along just fine.
Fans reax to US goal = my new favorite thing ever
I need to learn how to forgive and forget.
so rihanna and drake still together or nah?
I seriously just wanna hang out with you!
just went through actual hell
I like and dislike Gucci manes music if that makes any sense lol
The things I see working in downtown sf are often sights no one deserves to see. Ex: 2 people having sex next to our dumpster right now
Why are more black men in jail than in college???
Another great talk (well, Q&amp;A) by John Korty. Lots of interesting insights into filmmaking.
Having a lot of bonding time with grandma rn
Tons of paperwork to do.. Yayyy..
Rt me so I know its real.
The effort you put in shows a lot
Eyeing this girl I work with's Newports fiendishly
Can teach me US history?
a day without watching crimminal minds is a day wasted
Nothing like lighting a fancy candle to make you feel like your apartment is clean.
i need someone that stans za as much as i do
\": are like sour patch kids.. they can be sour and mean... and the next minute they can be sweet and kind.\" True
804\/\/ don't know if this is ayah or wafa
Hey hey crazy lady simmer the fuck down and use your nice voice when you're on the phone with me
I have anger issues on another level. nobody knows how bad they really are lol
Reality just sharkeisha'd my ass ...
\"Joe Biden, the US president is watching.\" IF ONLY
I could never build up a self esteem with someone like you around
I want the rest of my Mac and cheese but it's up a flight of stairs so we obviously have a problem here.
A empezar el informe de lenguaaaa
All I need are Wawa mango smoothies and BBQ chips
toni's convinced i suffer from roid rage.
The horror that is bottle room people though...
Even the emissary ships Scira okay &lt;3
IMA BALL TO THE DAY I FALL
I been lonely lately but is all good .
DEMPSEY IS BAEEEEE
WUTCH YA GUNNA DO WIT THAT BIG FAT BUTT!?
It's not that I can't put you on, it's that, I don't want to. Prove your skill set.
Going home tomorrow and then off on another trip on Wednesday
Just saw a flier where the feature and the Mc are both funnier than the headliner
YESARONI AND CHEESE
it's weird doing things every night and then you stay home and you're like super lonely
This time my earphones did not save my phone :(
Hay mi madre, ella se la esta buscando
Please have faith in my words
Bruh the heats are getting spanked and they told everyone they'd win embarrassing
My heart is soft but my walls are Thick.
Why did Homegirl with the pancake booty have on leggings with \"Berri\" across the but??
109 minutes of straight soccer, this is just crazy...
When someone always knows what too say to make you smile &gt;&gt;
Lol don't mind me coughing up my lungs on this 38
I wanna go to the movies tnn
I'm really feeling a Burlington Island vacation this weekend
The middle of one of the most suspenseful arcs of the show has two flashback fillers in it. FUCK. THIS.
Full House house ayeee
well it's midnight and my dog is viciously barking at the front door... I ain't getting up to look
The term \"spa water\" is pretentious as fuck
Skylar wouldve got a smoooth beat down
Most people who get cosmetic surgery are disappointed with the results, but they look pleasantly surprised
Probably not gonna wake up to shower
2 steps away from buying a Polaroid camera. 2.
San Antonio tiene un problema como equipo y ciudad\/NO son hospitalarios con sus visitas,pela de 20 en adelante\/partidos decisivos.ABUSADORES
\"I'm gonna fuck ur Gf\" I say to myself in the mirror.\n*walks away crying*
The niggas in my hood so thirsty son...like when was the last time you got ya dick wet my nigga like chill tf out! Thirsty ass
Yo I'm waiting on these niggas, they taking mad long but bare w\/ me Hun \n\nI'm on 53rd &amp; Broadway but don't come get me tho
I'm in Sunnyvale right now; it reminds me of Sunnydale hahahah
Lifetime needs to stop producing cheaply movies about buffalo stars. Leave it to the professionals.
City &gt; Keene &gt; 4th of July with my best friends tonight
over summer already where's fall semester
even tho he looks like floop from spy kids
Song song blue
been saying I'm going to bed since like 12:30
My thank you cards say \"You're Welcome\" on them.
\": I just ordered dominos.. you want? Lol\"\n\nLmfaooooooooooo send some over cuz
I want a jumbo choco chip cookie and a big glass of milk. Preferably a warm cookie, but any would do.
Didn't want it to come to this, but it will if it has too
Not being a travel ball player sucks maaaan
I took a quiz that said I'm going to get married \"in two hours\" SAM MILLER MUST BE OUTSIDE MY HOUSE
I need something to make me laugh before I really get upset
Sit down for not believing in your team
my future wife will love my mother. My mother is
Remember thar iced coffee I drank at 8pm. Yeah.
Someone told me they thought I was free. I mean, if free means perpetually tortured. Sure, I'm free.
I might have to get off long island for a weekend
Finna smoke a blunt and watch this movie. GN
The guy that makes the helicopter noise with his mouth in this episode of American Dad is killing me
Hear me now, I'm down on knees and praying though my faith is weak without you
seriously go see it, it was so good
UM NO DEAN? did him dirty!!!
Happy birthday fam you deserve the best in a life. The nicest nigga I know. I'll forever stay fuckin with you Love you Anton
At this point in my life I can honestly say I don't have any regrets
People who say hmu .. Then when I do they never answer what the fuxk ? Bitch shit though
\"One essential ingredient for being an original in the day of copies is courageous vision.\" ~ Charles Swindoll
Looks like I'm working in Coalinga tomorrow. Sick.
Been in oak for 5 mins and already getting too creeped on omfg
My family going away for the weekend, watch me not even sleep here I hate coming home to an empty house at night
Waking up early in the summer is worse than anything.
I don't know how I feel about my grandma having a Facebook.
The only person on teen wolf I would really hate on was Erica
Hard to hear that Greece got knocked out, but I will always appreciate my Greek heritage no matter the outcome
Amanda and Aj are being sooooo weird.
Good girl to the public, but a bad girl for you
My Twitter game is lottery pick material today. Tremendous wingspan.
Row Into my Dm's
look into my eyes,\nit's the only way you'll know\ni'm telling the truth.
YES: Now that's how you start the .
If Blake is grumpy when I get there I'm going right back home to the couch
I just made myself physically ill because I'm that stressed
Shawwty so fine, pussy so fresh ! Dice pineapples I almost lost my mind !
I got 20 on a bottle
Ok now I can go home and watch the game
Fuck her good, make her call me in the morning
\"he doesn't have balls to cum\"
When everyone else is talking 'bout bae and you're just like
I know Donavon is laughing at the coaches right now
Dempsey what a beaut
Someone hike missions peak with me to watch the sunrise
1 mth till Vegas! I def need a vacation..
Land of the free and home of the Whopper
Jozy is overrated anyhow
Train like a Powerlifter, eat like a body builder.
Jhene I dead went to CT for your ass
And then his mack jammed smh RT : ALTIDORE HAD THE MACK LOADED
Sometimes I just sit back and really wish it was the 80s
Robben c'est pas rashtoupolososlosl je sais pas trop quoi
Dammit Chooch, first pitch? Take a pitch, dude.
So what to do on the forth of July in the rain ....
people really know how to take things to the next level of stupidly\/pointlessly obsessive
if my feet had feelings they would be crying right now
And now I'm going to sleep
You could worship the ground a person walks on if they don't want you they just don't right :)
CHRIS IS THE WORST DRIVER IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
I HATE Stiles and Malia together. I HATE it
I HATE LIFE
Keep doin what you doin cus you do it well
Obviously you're an asshole and an idiot.
Like I literally don't care who is offended! Do I make people change things that offend me? No because I have no right to.
At the point were Idgaf anymore .
Summer vacation always makes me feel super lonely
aii we all out to her thing
I basically gave up on tweeting cameron
If anyone ever needs a good laugh just search the hashtag on Instagram
Lol the fact that im driving around Napa rn bc dad too turnt
Jennifer. Weber. Are. You. Coming. Your Christmas. Jonson. Text mom. I. Love you. Paula Mae. Jennings
Bron good. He just made $30 mil in profit for ONE commercial filmed at his private spot. His vacay about to be stupid.
Krayzie Bone bodied that
The only man crush Monday I have is to crush the patriarchy
I'm never going to college with this score
So excited to make my high school scrap book, happy i didn't spend money on a yearbook full of people i dont care about
I don't know what the change should be, if one. Maybe golden goal after 120. But I don't think that's the way a world cup game should end.
there are so many cute boys at this airport
These past today's were hard ..
all I want is a puppy :-(
Who works at a tanning bed I have a important question!!!
I'm really not trying to go back to the mindset that I had this time last year
Maxi dress with converse cause I'm not in the mood for sandals and I'm trying to make my whites the white I want
Sitting at table full of 8th grade boys asking for advice.. Oh boy
If God can't put a stop to homicide and rape then what is he good for? Does it even matter if it exists or not?
I hate holding shit in when all I wanna do is let it out
Happy 70th birthday to the GI bill.
The Outsiders will always be my absolute favorite movie.
35 seconds in and they already scored the first goal!
Relationships are for losers and normal people.
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BBQ TODAY WHEN IT STOPS RAINING MESSAGE ME FOR DETAILS
It hasn't hit me that schools over yet
The irony of bring someone happiness tho it brings you pain and suffering.
Formula for the best tweet: \n1. Paper\n2. A desk\n3. An hour to myself \n4. and
I need to get outttttta here
\": Nick Cannon looking like he trying to get a role in roll bounce 2.\"lml
Estados Unidos jamas jugara futbol... Oh shut up, mother fuckers, This is America
had to leave watching the game to go to Church
Me and gia want apps in the worst way
I always ask if he wants to break up.
I deadass just flicked my metro card somewhere. And it's like gone. FUCK.
\": So many talented artist in The Bay\" somone needs to raise the bar tho
Need a foot rub a fruit salad minus melons or cantaloupes &amp;&amp; some dizzznick
If i even want another chance with you I should probably stop
should probably go to bed since i promised my friend id go running at 6 in the morning....
At least the Dodgers lost
I'm cooking the burgers &amp; she asking me about weed.
Thats fucked up how they treat black people
I play songs for Alvaro with my farts
honestly, how can anyone check you out in earnest when you're carrying a bag of dog crap?
Marlins win the Marlins win!! And get back to .500 with the win tonight. The fish were Salty tonight. Lets take tomorrow's game.
Sunburn on your feet is the worst!!
This migraine is not the business right now.
Well since my sisters wanna be bums and sleep in late. Supermarket run to make these kids some brunch. Buncha hungry ass kids
It's nights like these that make me wonder what I'm doing. I'm too independent to feel this dependent for you.
Can you teach me all the sounds of love ?
Don't laugh at my jokes, make a come back that'll keep me shut
Keep cool , play ya part
\"Suarez se comio mas jugadores que Wanda Nara\" jajajajajajajajajajajajajaja
When people become soccer fans because the US is winning. ..
Smh Chief Keef shoulda took his own advice. \"don't end up dead\"
I miss basketball T___T
Tengo mucho que decirte pero lo mejor es el silencio.
It's like everytime I'm not grounded anymore I get grounded again...
When I'm alone I'd rather be with you
Soo who wants too get picked up?
I took the summer out of summer vacation
I'm always the friend that's left out
My go-to rapper is fasholy Cole
Wow. I guess maybe I deserved it.
When I get back to Texas all the homies are getting together and creating a cloud over cstat !
Wtf? Why is everyone in Las Vegas this week? Why you guys no wait until next week?!?!?!
I'm Larry the Lobster at the moment.
Fancy remix on z100 say whaaa
These kids suck at manhunt
If there is a person in your life that hurts you a lot, don't let them keep coming back. They will always hurt you.
if beyonce doesn't win this award somehow, i am giving up
That time all of Portugal's defense ducked from the ball &amp; let in our goal...
Gonna teach myself to do something cool
Ugh, why must twitter change all the time. I like the new way, not the original way.
This world is yours if you time it right
Chillin outside smoking a cig , It feel good I need some tree tho
Listening 2 the Amazingly Beautiful voice of on \"Me. I Am Mariah...The Elusive Chanteuse [Explicit Deluxe Edition] from Target\"
not gonna lie i kind of want to throw up knowing that right now i was supposed to have met by now
It's just going to be a bunch of goals until one of the kickers messes up and misses his shot.
Haha .That was a shady tweet.
Can someone drop me off a demo please
When will people learn that you just can't be jealous on ? You can't change the way of the game. Make the best of it.
so amazing on repeat you deserve so proud
I wish I could throw virtual punches
El movimiento es vida: si no me muevo, me muero.
I forgot I made a crazy ass kanjam shot last night.. If only it was on tape
Ayo! All I see is yayo!
Top Favorite Veteran Actors:\nAl Pacino\nRobert DeNiro\nDenzel Washington\nJohn Travolta\nEddie Murphy\nTom Hanks\n(Not In Any Order)
lil Wayne got some Abercombie &amp; Fitch shit on
it's not that I particularly care for Bosnia, it's just that I can't stand Argentina
\": We live in an era of smart phones and stupid people.\" Im smart
Kindke has this button and on the commercial it shows a white person bet if you actually use it you get some guy who doesn't speak english
People swear I be in school talking to all these niggas lol I want them to come visit me so they can stop believing the lies
I just saw you on with , brilliant and handled with grace! Thank you!
my summer break is 2 months not 3 we end at the end of june and the beginning of september
WHEN I HIT IT, YOU GONN FEEL IT
My eyes are drooping but my fingers keep typing! Keep tweetin till I'm dead yo
i was deadass a cuffing ass shawty
I can't even stand Messi but Im not gunna lie that was a pretty nice goal...
I won't have to hear myself say \"you need to stop talking\" or \"I guess you all want lunch detention\"
Don't know how to feel currently.
Pop punk show was cool tonight nice to see some local talent
\": Brotaku for intellectual ratchet\"\n\nhe wrote this in reference to me~
\": I wish it could go back to how we used to be\"
Tooth pain while fasting is the worst
And this is why I stay in my room when I'm home if not I'd be in jail cuz of your superficial boyfriend
A lot of boys suck but then there's a handful that don't
Only at the gym to admire 's gains
Good to see Teddy Roosevelt made it to the game tonight.
But most of us is going to laguardia lmao
So I guess Jordan never got his ass whooped?
follow me? , maybe one day ?
Listening to music is about to get me deep in my feelings bruh
The reason we want to go on and on is because we live in an impoverished present.\n\nAlan Watts
I've got mushroom clouds for thought bubbles
I keep asking what's for dinner and no one is answering ok
I create a new rule for myself every day.
They could never make me hate you
I am the happiest girl right now :)))))
Girls giving blow jobs did Louis Vuittons, that's whatcha call head over heels.
I miss all the homies :\/
OH: \"then I moved to a neighborhood that doesn't have a name\"
Gut feelings, don't ever ignore them.
I feel like people like depict the category of female rap. The only female that was really relevant was
been sitting in a towel for an hour cause lazy
You know....I was doing alright up until I made eye contact with that carrot cake.
Damn do I miss freshman year of college so much
Can't do anything with my life because broke.
As a child I always thought lighting\/thunder was god taking a picture of the world with flash lol
69-You're a fucking weirdo and you like pickles with mayonnaise on it.
there is no doubt someone very high up is protecting him to be so non chalet! about this very serious issue
Laid up headphones on playing some MyTEAM on 2k14. Mellow night. DM me, text or Kik me; iLegendWingate
had a great game today!
control: is lagging in economic growth; some employers may limit your access to contraceptives prescribed by your doctor.
this guy in my class always has a question to ask. but he be asking the most stupidest questions!!
trying to get it together for Lil Debbie tonight. why's it gotta be Monday though.
Never did these bitches ever pop up on my TL.
Really wanna go short with my hair but idk
I could use a change but I don't know where to begin
I'll vagina kick you so hard
I shouldn't be allowed to online shop
I don't understand why people always have some type of comment about EVERYTHING others do
\": I do research on every person I approach\"
Where's the bread mannn
Someone be up rn with me
but me, I'm still trapped inside my head, it kinda feel like it's a purgatory
Why is the shuttle so warm today. I want ac :(
Im just over here over feeding my fish
I just want someone who wont shut me down when I try to talk. But thats probably next to impossible.
How tf a bug Flys in my eye yo wtfffffff
I mean I want to tell everyone to knock it off but mostly myself.
Crazy Eyes look like Macy Gray and Piper look slick like Katy Perry
my mind is telling me no but my heart is telling me , no . so no
holy shit i spent hella vegas.
Mmmmmm Nick's mom is making coffee and it smells sooo gewwwwwd just too lazy to get up and ask her to make me a cup
When I need answers, accusations what you mean you gon choke ?
covered ALL contraceptives until they were called by rich lawyers in 2012. This isn't about religion, it's about money+politics.
So proud of my daughter! She received 9 awards, passed 4 regents exams and got accepted to the high school of her choice! She is a blessing!
Tengo tanta lija que soy capaz de comerme a mi perro
My job wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't run like shit by awful business owners
Maybe there's not someone out there for everyone. Idk anymore...
whoever decided that graduation was gonna be at 8 am should be fired or poked with a stick cause thats just not okay
Piercings are honestly such a huge responsibility; I feel like I have 7 kids. It's funny how tattoos are way more permanent but less work.
Remember to reconcile the nature of reality in contrast to the way it sounds online. The every waking second between.
all I wanted was a damn blueberry muffin and some orange juice.
I was so unproductive today
im crushin but im not puttin her on my social network
I'm making my parents stay at my sisters so I can finish watching transformers.
i'd rather be with you,\nbut you are not around
Everyone crying about how bad the roads are kinda makes me wanna go out for a drive...\n\nhope your still alive son
i watched the atmosphere segment on Conan about 5 times before i could breathe again
Bored and kinda tired but GTA V and possibly Black Ops II till my body shuts down!
This giants game is killin my dad's mood so much for Father's Day thanks a lot guys
No one gives a fuck
Watching kill it ! Such an amazing example of !
.not really. Ukraine\/Russia share a border, language, kind of, and were one state, totally unlike UK and Germany.
Damn I'm not used to everyone's pedestrian 'being so nice' thing they do here in California but I can get used to it
Oh shit! Ginobli?
Tomorrow is my last day of school. It's about time
That's team work! Not Lebron work! Lol lol lol
Making Homemade Chicken Stock! I've been so environmentally friendly as of late: huge garden, composting, and more. I feel so grown up.
\"Thank you!\" - me, brightly, audibly. \"You suck.\" - me, annoyed, under my breath.
&amp; I was always last lmao all the pressure was on me
COMMON SOCIAL GATHERING THAT IS INVITE ONLY AT THE VANSCHOICKS !!!!!!!
It's tough to want something that's just in reach, but never actually getting it, isn't it?
I saw the new movie today. It was great, but I think it inception'd the audience.
the drive I have to make right now is longer than hours of sleep I got last night
Il dizionario bolognese stasera dice che: SIAMO STATE IMPEZZATE.\n
I'm, I don't want to seem pretentious, but I hated soccer WAYYYY before the World Cup
Oh god she's probably reading this right now
I hate when surf classes are on the water. they're the reason why I find exclusive spots.
My whole hip is bruised ..WTf
Okay, I may need to change my original opinion... Soccer, or football, is quite exciting... Sometimes
i get into so many \"fights\" on twitter lmao
finding out the same annoying junior keeps tryna talk to not only me but other soph girls too. leave us alone gdi
Over under how many times lebron flops tonight? Or complains to the refs?
Every summer i waste all my time watching documentaries
Nice to see The Legend on the TOC course today. The Langer.....
Whos tryna get spanked in fifa real quick? Xbox. Madinho80 add me
Those times when you already said -you're going to sleep BUT mind runs on speed 3km per h
i wanna hold it down with you but...idk
\"Li pa koutew anyen pou souri, oumet fe yon ti souri,yon ti ri, mka baw yon tikal coeur kontan nan sam genyen an.\"
There is a guy doing bad karaoke in the subway station. He has a mic and everything
sounds like y'all had a ball :P
Shit time to just get off twitter \nAnd keep this in my head where everything else is locked away
Pretty sure I over dosed on vitamins
There are all types of love in this world. But never the same love twice
waiting for the \"USA USA USA\" tweets
I'm really gonna miss this passing for 21 everywhere you go feeling
Passed my chem regents with a 65
I'm amazed when someone talks about something I posted online years ago. I'm actually really flattered and horrified. :D
Because good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught
After putting the dye on my hair, I realized it was blue-black instead of just black.
chapters opening in Pacific northwest, Ireland, Japan
I feel awkward talking to new people bc I really care what they have to say. I try to learn everyone's story.
I hate wearing a bra
It's a good day when Big Brother starts again
Listen I just want to pass this stupid regents ok?
When's the porn parody coming?
Beat a bitch like Hilary swank!
Let's go don't stop! Kick them while they are down!!
Bruhh stop with all this little drama bullshit like seriously grow up
And FOH would still be on the court playing
What will end first: or the ?
I don't dance || Lee Brice
The problem with always telling the truth, is that not everyone is ready to hear it.
Damn come on Red Sox u would let them tie game da fuck
Only good thing that ever came from Argentina is Manu Ginobli
Digging the US's uniforms.
Cold beer tastes so much better after a long day
Danboard cosplay looks so damn easy but what the actual fuck am I doing.
slide in my snapchats so i can send you pics of me sitting here doing nothing (sweezyfbabyy)
Since when can ginobli bang on people
\"I don't care what the style is, no one pushing 40 should be wearing hi-tops.\"
Phoenix Wrong: Disbarred Attorney
Tonight on Wheel of Fortune: Sit Back And Enjoy The --ight
Raining on the Fourth of July?? This isn't the America I remember.
\": don't hate\" lmfao im sorry!
At least Sokratis Papastathopoulos will make it to his wedding lol
My birthday is July 11th, got work until 7. Hmmm to go see dawn of the planet of the apes? I think so.
Unzip the Bag, dip in my hands.\n Then I Palm Trees.
Taking a nap was not a good idea, I need to wake the fuck up
WHHHAATT A FUCCKINNN GOOOALLL LESSGOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!
every dude needs to have something with a hot blonde at one point in their life
Are you ready for the ? Don't miss our carnival event tomorrow! Food, games, music, and cars! Only at in Inwood!
Michael Beasley is clearly the guy who's gonna go to the club after this
All the females love me, cus I'm the fucking GOD!
Listening to drake with yung Rwanda
So I get to write any info on an index card to use on my chem final and I don't even know wtf to write... Tru
Someone get pick up his ankles cuh.
Note to self: never wear cutlets on your boobs ever again in 90 degree weather. THEY WILL SLIP OFF
Germany game at Country Inn with the boys LETS GO GERMANY
Way to set the tone
last year when i got dumped i was so upset i stopped doing my eyebrows for a good two weeks and that doesn't make any sense i know
Would rather be solid and athletic vs being an uncoordinated meathead
If companies are people, will they start paying taxes now, too?
This chick is seriously choosing her food obsession over the health of her unborn child. Disgusting.
I can't take this anymore I'm dying
Reckless Shit Tonight
great night with
How to make breakfast the truly American way: Wake up at 12, call it breakfast, fry an egg and a lb of bacon, put it on a burger. Happy 4th
All Nations thing tun up later. ..Joan birthday sell off
2 A's &amp; one B! Success for my spring quarter!
Way to much is changing to quick
every rt lets my girl know i miss her. help max out.
I won those Brad Paisley tickets but two problems it's lawn seating and I hate the lawn and our 4th of July party might be on Saturday...
I don't care what yall say I will forever be here for Cassie. I love her
They're kicking off this tour in CT I am HYPED.
Messi is majestic as fuck... And strangely reminds me of Rob Dyrdek
Nothing like going to sleep feeling sad and disappointed
no but forreal you're gunna be at vidcon?
Be really jealous people Anthony Ramos just followed me on Twitter, oh yes he did !
I remember during graduation the guy sitting next to me asked if I've ever tried pussy before..
i seriously don't even know i always try he's never gonna notice me he has 2.4M followers
i'm so fed up with everything
i swear. you kill ONE soccer guy and people will just NOT let you forget it
SONYA GOINS FROM CHANNEL 12 NEWS JUST LIKED MY TWEET LMFAO
Wtf no frees because of an 84 in math
she said I came out three shades darker
Where the fuck is the rest of the team
Got my shit wrecked during 's set. It was fucking awesome.
Does anyone want to do anything today?
Is it bad that I hear my dad snoring up in his room from downstairs?
senior pictures came out like shit
\"Si quieres conocer el pasado mira el presente que es su resultado. Si quieres conocer el futuro, mira el presente que es su causa\"
Thankfully has wifi on their trains so I can somehow catch the game tonight.
I could be your sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare.
Who wants tickets to Sunnery James and Ryan Marciano August 9th
I'm just not going to bother making plans anymore
I am on a roll today
USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!!
debating if I should re-watch freaks and geeks or go get a life
Did we just lose our second of 3 beat players? deuce nose gotta be broken.
i just want to be happy again
We can always rewind time when i had bitches crying im sleep tho
I can be sexual at night, so I'm sorry in advance
Bosno moja mila i divna
There are so many stars out tonight
Watching videos from last night makes me sad and I just want to go back.
Just went to Burger King got French fries 2applepies and a Hershey's pie. Now at mcdonalds gettin mcflurys and hash browns
Im gonna turn off electronic devices for a week I need a break
Cool don't come idc anymore.
a line in glee was literally \"i can't talk to your mom, i don't know spanish\" wow lets continue to perpetuate racism that's chill
Leave a girl alone I'm bored
Ass so fat, needa lap dance
Nothing is more unattractive than people who front like they don't care about anything... If you value something you should care about it
And by the looks of it I'm not going to have a car any time soon because Jeff just had a baby, awesome.
Someone come save me from hole 4. I'm freezing. And can't stand the smell of these crab cakes anymore and also I really have to pee.
tired of being put in a shitty mood
Fran said he loves me back for the first time ever.
Mad and I need something to do plz
So happy Frankie won HOH!! Cant wait to see what showmances start..
OMGG Yo that lightening just scared the shit outta me not even gonna front
Well it was nice knowing you all
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love
i love when i find extra nuggage in old nug jugs. its not even that dry either.
US MOTHERFUCKIN A
I'll trade a joke for a smoke
I wanna tan, pool and red mango it tonight along with a sleepover
Let's see what Brandon Workman is all about
he's a pain in the ass I swear
everything I need will come to me when the time is right
Ok so I'm sandwiched in between 2 stupid bitches that want to have a conversation next to me!
Costa Rica better kick Netherlands' ass next Saturday.
I've yet to see the giants win in person. I'm starting to believe I'm bad luck.
Hi I'm Hannah and I'm your drunk babysitter for the evening
En mi hombro hay un diablito que me agobia
Be slow to anger it'll cause less stress
This dude needs to stop cursing in front of his mom
Weezy performing a rock music on BET \"HIP HOP\" awards
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN!!!
Metal gear solid is the best video game series in my opinion
Yay half of the major services now have makefiles and can run tests! Now to have all those tests pass and run in CI!
If Transformers were real, I want Bumble Bee. Idgaf that autobot is my homie.
For the rest of my homies watching Teen Wolf at 10 y'all are in for a treat
tbh ill miss my eighth grade crew more than anything. good luck and don't screw up :))) you're the illest yo
I feel Brandon's pain. My being talented pianist and all.
Can everyone chill the hell out about ansel elgort and hop aboard the literally-anyone-else train.
Say it with your fucking chest.
It'd be cool if we could keep possession of the ball for more than 3 seconds
turned off my AC just to hear the rain and thunder
This is America and we do American things like kick communist ass
Wolfenstein scares me because if the Nazis won WW2 I wouldnt be alive.
Does Cena have a crap fetish?
all these thoughts in my head , making my head hurt ..
Happy Birthday to the super-awesome !
Be your own little shitty person in your own little shitty fucked up world
I just scared my dog so bad but it was worth it
From me to everyone. FUCK the BET awards.
CMON WE CAN DO THIS!!!! WE REALLY CAN
\": As soon as I nut I come to my senses.\" RTRT
Emma and fve just wanna have an orgy
looking at you through the glass dont know how much time has passed oh god, it feel like 4ever but no 1 ever tells you 4ever feels like home
Julia just broke one of my nails
. I'm holding court in the B2 hallway between the two escalators. Good to see so many people.
the allows me to see an abundant amount of men, from other countries, w\/sculpted facial hair and gelled faux hawks.
Senior weeks are gonna pop offfff
And although my eyes were open\nThey might just as well been closed
I really love 2am it reminds me of prom night me and daddy had so much fun lol
Just got in a huge argument with my mom because she said Shia LaBeouf is ugly.....
Trivia = me agreeing to everyone else's guesses
I swear i hate how my little niece put everything on ig like dude stop!
This is such a cute lil city ...
I hope when I'm 40 I don't still pout like a baby when I don't get my way
Gonna have to hit up mexican acrobats.. lol
4th of July with British friends.\nShould be interesting tonight
Where trent at ? Lol i miss my pooh butt .
Looking back at a situation I realized that I don't really care and it is what it is.
I'm such a mixture of emotions like I don't even know what to do with myself right now.
YO BENA AND HER DAD ARE THE REAL MVP
Lol that's ok don't include me but next time when you ask why I don't hang with you don't talk shit
You know your vneck's too low when it goes off the tv screen
Malik walked up to this girl working at the counter in this clothing store and was like \"Excuse me ma'am, do you have any sluts?\" Wtf lmao
IM putting weight on like i have several times bulking..this week i need a solid 5lbs= 7-8lbs.
update: max brandell plans on making a twitter just to say fuck you to alyssa &amp; i
Lost track of time and just got off work. But at least I accomplished a lot!
why does the color of someone's skin matter so much? i will never ever understand this idea
Why are Filipino men handsome as hell?
Never let a girl go to bed mad. I promise, you'll regret it in the morning.
I feel like it would be super chill meeting Shawn Mendes because he is like the chillest dude ever
He doesn't want to go to sleep.
No power at the camp. Could put a pamper on our party.
Yawn work sucks
I hate this town it so washed up, &amp; all my friends am don't give a fuuuccckk
KNBR gonna be extra juicy today
Argentina should score one more time just to prove dominance.
8.5 hours. Exactly how long the process of buying a new car takes.
\": And possibly \"wanna be\" by the spice girls...\" OMG, thats gonna be hot... hahah cant wait for that.
I have the most randomest bruises
Lol if the Knicks let Melo walk by refusing to offer him the max, yall gonna bitch, if Melo stays for the max, Ya still gonna bitch LOL
Listening to sad music in a room full of balloons.
The Wonder Years is the only band I can relate to RN and god damn, thanks so much. All the tough and hard shit in life RN, thanks TWY
I trip cuz I can
how am I supposed 2 listen to barely legal without crying now bc it hasn't worked once
that was a scary dream
You cant be ratchet &amp; respectable
So last night I did 5 push-ups for every bite of my sub I took and you can imagine how many I had to do total.. My back is destroyed haha
Glad we're on good terms now.
Forgot all my bathing suits at home.
\"Wait but it can't be lightning because it's not raining\"
Just want to be happy nothing more nothing less
Un placer tenerte en mi cama
David Villas back heel takes the cake so far. Insignificant game, but....
I've blocked Joe before just to get a point across\/as an empty threat but this time it's for real he's never catching the unblock.
I miss high school football a lot
Twitter is a $23 billion dollar company where people can talk to other people about the World Cup
Fuel is pumping engines, running hard, loose, and clean
Back in queens time to work
I think flirting I cute but idk how to lmao
I have never even talked to you.. idgi
2 12's in the back seat\nPass somebodys kids and they yellin\n\"that's me\"
I AM LOSING MY VOICE BUT ITS SO WORTH ITTTTT!
The bags under my eyes are awful
Bishhh caught a body about a week ago !
Date night at the wine bar. Yessssss!
don't let others dictate your lives.
From this day forward, I will eat breakfast every single morning.
Everything is different the 2nd time around.
I'm not perfect, but I swear I'm perfect for you. There's no guarantee that this will be easy &lt;3
Earnings obtained by soccer players, exclusively related to prizes paid by during the are income tax exempt in Brazil.
Going to Tanger who wants to come??
Like nigga I just saw you delete the text
I still yet to be to a BWW
Why did I stop doing drugs?
I kinda want to move to Santa Cruz now
\"She swallowed my dick like it was dinner\" -
GOALLLLL!!!!!! USA USA USA!!!
they're never around when you need them!
Who down to kick it ?? Get lit and wasted and shit
What's going on? Oh nothing, just stupid motherfuckers being stupid motherfuckers.
HAHA THE WAR OF POUTINE -
Knowing that I'm going to college with Fatou makes me not feel safe
extremly love that i have all my muscle back and im back to weighing 109 instead of 100
What's a good woman now a days...
Just overheard my mom telling my family how she goes hard in the paint..
Writing makes me want to live for a very long time in an abled body. I want to grow and I want all my stories out.
I hate getting too close to people, because when I thought they would always be there for me, they eventually leave.
Going to see anna wish her luck
If I had a 7'7 wingspan, my arms would drag on the ground
Subbing RVP down a goal? What?
\"There might be about 3 guys that are more attractive than I am\" -Keith
summer diet: smoothie and naked BBQ lays
That was class dribbling from dempsey
I'm in such a bad fucking mood it's ridiculous
\"Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction\"
I hope I'm a milf someday.
Ummm yeah, so I have no idea ...
Tell her see can call on Tyrone
&amp; a restroom break too lol
hahahahaha chief kerf is the reason i catch no feelins thwt shit b
I spit it Through the Wire!
is still going! Still need to practice ukulele more so I can bring it out and perform comfortably in front of others.
Did you know farting reduces high blood pressure?
Just got an email saying we need to confirm our twitter account haha
I'm always the first one here. Fuck.
Oops... hope I don't get in trouble for coming home late
Glantz: impt to find where is the accountability with the VA. \"We all know bad things will happen in healthcare.\"
Tonight I hope the Heat win... This final must be decided on game 7 again.
Just tryna chilllllll and watch a movie
Bitches do anything for attention ANYTHING!
Why is it hotter than the pits of hell in the port authority connection from times sq?
Im in a pissy mood.\n I need to stop tweeting for today
The girls in different states n shit really dont matter for shit\nWen the fuck ima see you??\nsk skrt
would be a reality check for you guys lmao
i get really happy when i get to talk to you (:
Oh yeaaaah. Wimbledon is on. It's been so totally eclipsed by World Cup.
Actually I just want cool hair. I'm so bored with mine.
Charlize Theron is the ultimate babe holy cow
My lifelong dream is to live in Jurassic Park.
Should be no blood no card
10 FUCKING PENALTY KICKS! I ALMOST SHIT MYSELF
even the street names are pretty -by-the-sea
When a family member un follows you on instagram
.We'll won't get good intel nor instill appropriate fear in them. SO why bother?
First week of summer and im already worn out
Who would have that I would have to go to Arizona to see my grandpa and Flordia to see me grandma, crazy
Think I'm rooting for the heat tonight. Solely because I'm not ready for the nba season to be over yet
Shit got me feelin pinned down
You're addicted to superficial love; really -pursue something real.
I just love it when people ask for advice and then reject every solution you could possibly come up with.
Does Dakota not get that my butt is not big and her is omfg
I wish I had an uncle Jesse
Good morning, 7am Acela. Going to be a beautiful day.
Legit so difficult trying to brush beach hair
Fuck you. Fuck you very very muuuch.
Fuck walking up this early -.-
sabes si boy a poder adoptar a isis y brandon ? Muchisimas gracias
Nigga pharrell LYING. Lil Wayne is trashhhhh.
Gonna do the ice challenge when I get to Reno
I can't wait to be reunited with my SJ fam.
Dip-n-Dots sound so good right now.
\"Making Memories of Us\" by is such a great song, love the lyrics! One of my favorites by him.
Bae is back
Just started listening to and I can't stop crying. It's just so beautiful!
Happy G'day Bruh!
Eliminating beliefs nd biases nd replacing them with data to that end any decision on Suarez will be based on data such as his ..(contd)
I'm too fucking scared to sit anywhere in my fucking house because there's so many fucking spiders fml
The sun drained the shit outta me today
Without having to write it down during school, I never have a clue what the date is anymore
Back in America. Get me a burrito, stat!
My favorite cornerback would probably be Charles Woodson
How can you not be bored of seeing the same people and doing the same thing every single day
Looking for someone to start a family with hmu with plans
Proud to say Maddy and I are Ann Perkins and Leslie Knope.
These seatbelts are optional...I'm beginning to think it should be a necessity with this dude driving
C'man man it's a bloody nose you're good
USA FUCK Yeaaaaa!!!!!!
Yes!!! Get in Navas! Great save!!!
Upset because won't let me work in his fields
Think i love the thought of you more than i love your presence!
I miss the first 3 minutes and I've already missed a GOOOOOOOOAL! Dempsey!!!
Transformers 4 is so bad I am tweeting in the theater to let you know.
GOING TO SLEEP, BUT SOMEBODY JUST GIVE ME A GOOD MORNING TEXT THAT CAN MAKE ME SMILE SJDUDUD 917 893 2782 :3
I just watched a video of a dad who took his 3-4 year old daughter on a \"date\" and can not stop sobbing.
Drizzling outside I wish it would clear up
maybe that's exactly why we're never home
I could get use to this.
Lol jorge keeps asking me if I wanna smoke, but no.
Feeling some type of way and it's almost my birthday
\": Did she just say she need a boyfriend ? Pause\" heard wrong lol !
LMFAO MY BROTHER JUST SAID TO MY MOM \"I'm not a virgin\" LMAOO HE DOESNT KNOW WHAT IT MEANS
Day one of no meat. As a gallo, this is going to be troubling
finding an apartment is stressful
im walking out of work and someone drove by and screamed \"YOURE THE LOVE OF MY LIFE I LOVE YOU\" out their window hahahahah wtffffff
I've met some of the greatest people ever I swear
Thinking about starting program but I hate running. I'd rather walk an hour then run 1 mile. Is this a good way to start?
USA, USA, USA \nHere we go!
Can't believe that this night ended so perfectly
this burn scar on my palm is so cool. i hope it stays forever.
Watching Parent of the Year smoke a joint in parking lot while kids 5 &amp; 7 wait outside car.
I love you and your prices.
Honestly I just have to say I appriceciate you so much
Wait but tomorrow is my first day of my work of my entire life....never thought I'd see the day
From now on, just don't believe in one word I say! Please.
Patience may be a virture but life is too short to wait for long... !
I think Jocelyn was only being nice to me to come to my party and now she don't know me
I hate her
Don't expect me to be there when I needed you to be there you ignored it
Last hr is always the longest!
That's why you STRETCH before a workout.... and that definitely wasn't a LaCramp
okay I just need the draft now
But then again I'm supeerrrr tired
Let phase 2 commence. We're off to Ireland!
Fuck the kids who asked questions in physics about space and the difference it would cause for certain laws.
Ima go to school tomorrow to drop some papers then im out
Well I just took a 5 hour nap...guess I'm not sleeping any time tonight.
Jojo is oh dee'ing right now
really want to watch new nightmare
Does anyone have a place with air conditioning that I can stay at for- I dunno... THE WHOLE SUMMER.
74' NYAC awarded a Freekick just outside the box but it sails wide of the goal
Never let your pride make you miss out on an opportunity
Enough small talk, tell me how you really feel.
Quit fucking nagging me shut up shut up SHUT UP
Do you know how fucking rude it is to point your fucking fingers in someone's face?
\"I ate fun size twix til it wasn't fun anymore.\" -
Matt Tambe broke my heart.... AYEEEE
HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON IN GAME OF THRONES LIKE FUCK
I at least clean 3 times a day, because of these kids -.-
Just got in a rap battle with my dog
USA USA USA!!
lol just got home from work
Sostengo Sostengo ma non le zie SenzaCarattere Io disprezzo quello che stanno facendo
Talk about a perfect father's day: son's doubleheader, daughter's soccer game, family BBQ, son's hoops game .
\"Draft day, A. Wiggins.\nFuck that other side bitch we stay winnin\"
Id give it all for some peace of mind. Don't just dreams
I heard your goth
To all of you die hard \"Kobe\" fans remeber thathe has as many finals mvps as lebron
You want everyone to go to your party but your not letting certain people in? That's just messed up.
Like, it would be funny if it wasn't coming from you. So thanks for that.
And yes, to a ton of people. It's not making a difference!
Yeah nigga it better be bow wow
8 of your past 9 pictures are of you and your girl you annoying sack of shit she ain't even pretty
I would do anything for you to just stay her forever .
got used to see her cryin
No, Michelle. I do not want to do drugs with you. I want some frickin' macaronie and cheese and for there to be another season of HIMYM.
I don't even really like clubs and parties, I'm way more into a conversation over a good meal
Mad I was frozen half way threw k jones b2b ookay at edclv smh
Your employers religious beliefs&gt; Yours. Nice work, SCOTUS.
Then gon say since i got dreadz im basic lol like ill take that i am basic fo havin black dreadz but im far from bein like the next nigga
Even tho I can't forget you, I really want tooo
If you hurt someone you shouldn't wait around for them to approach you! You should directly approach them no matter what
The Sandlot comes on and I'm instantly in a better mood
I'm boutta get my mangu bible out and preach
This is hella exciting
Y estas mujeres no llegan :(
We got a new intern at work today. He use to be a elementary school teacher. Now I'm teaching him. Lol
This evenings rage sponsored by Mission hipsters on very loud junker motorbikes revving in front of my house.
forever wishing i could get up in front of people and sing~
All I want to do tonight is run around an open field and stare at the stars
\": What happened when the butcher backed into his meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.\"
Why do i have work today? Its the 4th of july, wont everyone be barbecuing?
Only god knows how bored I am right now
Going to mcdonalds while I have to fit in a tiny dress tomorrow
dont matter what table you're at, as long as your eatin.
Ok, me levanto &amp; veo mi cuerpo lleno de alergia :(
Oitnb all night because I need to focus on something else.
Can't wait to leave this weekend and not have any service
You ruin everything
The game of bang is a very good one indeed.
Keep calling the Spurs old yet they thumping the Heat
This is probably too late and I don't have a chance but
Soccer takes a lot of skill lol yeah anyone could play but doesn't mean they are good lol
Ive been watching musicals on Netflix all day &amp; no fucks have been given
I think someone in this bar just fainted
I'm listening to AM and talking about soccer players.... I'm not okay
I just died
\"He was warm like a teddy bear and smelled like heaven. He's a god\"
Lebron is crying
wish i was waking up to my hs alarm clock life was so much easier. even if it didn't feel like it. Life after college is just something else
Now I watch mma because its real lol
JULY 15TH COLE WOLRD
Eventually you pay for no possession
I have a mindblowing thought once per every non-sober night and then I forget it within a half hour.
I hate half of my fucking friends honestly
Every time I think about the ghana game I get butterflies cuz i don't know what's gonna happen.
San Francisco is colder than I expected, it definitely was not a good idea to ride an open top bus across the Golden Gate Bridge
After all those GoT fireballs I was waiting for the end credits to say \"directed by Michael Bay.\"
Has anyone seen D-wade lately? Seriously, what a disappointment.
You drug dealers ain't G's, y'all are disgusting. Killing your own people &amp; we already set up to lose!
my tl is all USA I love it
i am such an asshole i swear
I throw out likes on insta like it's my day job
Some idiot froze all the tortillas
Got stuck at a red light next to sammy from jersey shore nbd
Off the post. Beautiful
Can't say I'm a huge soccer fan, but I'm really enjoying watching the Costa Rica-Greece game in the hotel lounge. Good stuff
Pittsford Stormers shoot ca Cassie Staino has hands of steel and saves another one!
What the hell has been going on with me in the past two days...
You know you've hit rock bottom when u just start eating whipped cream in a bowl at work
I always complain about being tired but I stay up late anyways.
THIS IS THE BEST CONCERT WE HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!!!
Megan left me in her car w no AC like a dog
Zuko bout to fuck shit up
those cans of Yoohoo weird me out like. that is milk in a can. u are drinking milk out of a can right now.
You can't live if you're afraid to die mother fucker -Joey bentz
Really debating on camping with the guys this weekend
My mom is making breakfast burritos for dinner
Ion curr my taste in music is A1
Sure would have been a good spot to have Landon Donovan on the team...,
I hate when someone makes people feel bad for talking about something that makes them happy
I smoked away my brain, I think I'm goin dumb, cocaine up on my gums, I think they goin numb
they always take selcas together calm down
If they pick please let it be Dal Colle...
I'm about to sleep naked cause it's hot as hell in my room and no one wants to turn on the fucking AC man
I was lost and depressed from truth
That hurt a lot more that I thought it would.
All I wanna do right now is listen to music and get lost in my thoughts
...this shit is going down...im struggling hard to make this shit happen...
iOS 8 should've put a Location Services toggle button on Notification Center. Hopefully, someone makes a widget for the same.
I'VE NEVER LOVED A SPUR MORE IN MY LIFE LET'S GO USA CLINT DEMPSEY
These Ramona curvy roads are crazy
Loved the moment just had with -- idk Fella's Roman may walk away a champ
Sucks to suck if you have to take the chem regents tomorrow
Yeah the drums they swing low, and the trumpets they gooooooo
Few people in this world that truly understand what goes on in my mind. If you meet one, send them to me because I have no idea.
Hate sayn bye and shit
Show no pitty like Jesse James
Cool date idea: come over and we can take a really long nap
Convincing John to do something bad is as easy as saying YOLO.
I'm trying to study so hard right now.
Live fast die young ,and leave a beautiful corpse
If I'm Billy Beane I'd give up Straily, Russell and Johnson for Price! Only if he resigns!
The spurs are so damn good
Good luck to everyone entering the nba draft
Got your girlfriend at my crib watching netflix
Singers who dance at the same time are corny to me.
Oh wow I got 88 likes today
Everyone is a victim in this game we call life.
Who's kid is this and get him out of room.
Im so lookong forward to the this sunday!! And then 2 more weeks till I see WWE live!!
Tweet about your bitch nobody care about
Buying tfios tonight im sorry i must hop on the bandwagon
why is it so hard to find a date for a fucking wedding omg
The thing about you that caught my eye, is the same thing that makes me change my mind
Go. USA. American captain !!
To go to Mac or to not go to Mac....
Everyone chases love but in the end when you lose it it leaves you cold. Why would anyone want to chase that.
I will kidnap you then raise you and return you to your family to bury you. Sincerely...
Ima have to get used to the fact that you or your opinions are not a big roll in my life anymore ..
I love seeing motorcyclists do their weird secret gestures at each other
What's good for the US game tomorrow though
Wtf reply to my last tweet people
Take this away. I am incompatible with the human emotions.
Last thing i need right now is another modded lobby
\": I was thinking the same thing. He fails to make adjustments at the plate and can't hit a good fastball. Use him for\"
\"Life begins where fear ends\" -Osho
The thought of being alone for awhile &lt;&lt;
I just never know what I want literally ever
I could live without you baby
WWE network comes in so clutch at these hours.
There is both beauty and ugliness all around us but we decide what we want to see
yea im losin it, yea u know just where to find me
swimming, eating ice cream sandwiches, and watching the bachelorette with
I need a good movie to watch on netflix
In 44 minutes I have a high tide. I'll be 28 inches higher than my average level. That's quite low.
My always sleeps on the floor when half my bed is open
Buy me the soundtrack and I'll love you forever
I'm African. I judge you by your conversation. Not by your shade.
Awesome zip lines over the Pinot Noir vines . Beautiful property!
Juicy J the OG though..... Since Three 6 Mafia
Yet. Need to put yet after that last tweet.
Adding \"girl kisser (recent)\" to my LinkedIn profile.
So I walked up to the window and starting beating her up haha
Asian men are nasty. They love that piggy lipstick porn.
I hope I move to Tracy soon I can't stand living like this
At Carnegie Hall for Kazakhstan National folk music\/choir concert.
Gooooallaaaaaa! USA winnnnnnn
Lil tip never eat checkers and the nerds slushee from sonic at the same time makes you vom
I'm thinking a US win today?
That was a smooth as kick lol
Mexico deserved that win that last penalty was not a penalty Arjen Robben clearly dove.. Smh
That goal was beautiful
Devin on his 4th alliance...waking up Caleb. Love this girl Christine. This is hilarious. Derrick is astonished.
condemns to a combined total of 24 years in prison. &amp; yet the will send money &amp;
The amount of times I get work emails with \"lol\" in them is crazy
Beyonce didn't win ? Im done with life.
I'm nervous about the world of dating apps... But how else do people in our generation find people to do sex with?!
People bash greyhound and megabus like they ass fly first class. smh
Watching Ridiculousness and this Rif Raf guy is actually hilarious lmao
*anywhere except work.
This pre show so damn sloopy
En mi mente abra otras mil cosas pero mas estas tu&lt;3
Ghana tiene ganas
colt 45 and two zig zags
How does Drake make such amazing music??? I don't understand. Like he doesn't have one bad song. Like that isn't humanly possible....
you a woulda coulda shoulda ass hoe
Jermaine Jones Junior!!!!!!!!!!!!! CRACKER!
I'm so grateful for everything.
20 retweets and ill push in front of a train.
Mimi is sooo dumb , you can tell Nikko exposed her ass to make money . That's ode
Is camp a sofa bc its sofaking soon
Man I wanted Greece to win so I can celebrate when I'm actually there
July 4th might not meet me in Brooklyn
11 earned runs in his last 10 innings, then he comes to CBP and he's Cy Young
Just a quick FAQ for couples and singles awake right now....\n\nHow would you feel if your GF\/BF Told you you need to \"learn your place\"?
Can somebody play defense?
- ' ME Eh ENAMORAO' Mil Veses Mil Veses Es Un FracasooO'
How does anyone take me seriously? I look like I'm still in middle school and I'm hella annoying. Yay.
The niggas out here are wildin someone just yelled \"Yo let me get some neck\"
Jason Kidd ur such as tool, u only coached for one season. And let be honest the nets would have made the playoff with no coach.....
\": JUSTIN BIEBER, I WANT NEW MUSIC\"
Sold out arenas u could suck my penis
This store around my way lost their jordan account cause they used to double the price and release them weeks early. Lesson to all.
There's no trees around my way just row houses
gotta go home &amp; study after work
Up all night to watch Netflix
I am not certain of the outcome, but this effort is the best I have seen them play...ever.
Ugh this is not fair I would like to hear the thunder please
That looks like it hurt
Who wants to hang for a bit?
How do you compare me to anyone at ?
I have Netherlands in the finale...
about to go streaking with my bestfriend mad fcking hef
Nobody can be more straight up than yourself.
I keep having the same nightmare over and over where I'm morbidly obese and eating pastry after pastry.
Time crawls by in the office on a Friday.
Woohoo! I got to ask a question about his CBS show!
Oh fuck yeah!!! Goooooaaaal !!!!! 1-0
Oh fuck yeah!!! Goooooaaaal !!!!! 1-1
4hrs of sleep. Zzzzzzz
Go all!!!!!!!!! Go all!! Goalll
Thank u 4 the fab highlight in today's Arts Section for Jazz Fest.My Amtrak train is full of jazz Fest goers!
Thought I knew you for a minute but I don't anymore.
I'm srsly such an asshole to people sometimes
are you in a twerk team with girls on vine??
I think ima Just workout till im tired
Bobbi not a thot lowkey nomore. Just out there in them streets.
it's still June 25 where Iive so it not ari's birthday yet lol
That was a good round of PKS
Or maybe places to escape, oh and everybody knows this is the part
Dante exum best player in the draft
THATS HOW WE DOO. FUCKK YES
MESSI MESSI MESSI
i think they should make alcohol, nicotine, and caffeine illegal ... ill make a killin
Gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll gooooooooolllllll
i love an individual with an education, who can have fun but also have appropriate manners at the right time.
. What makes me want to throw up is that Kombayashi wont be allowed to compete.
I hate accepting apologies
A Millionare's first love is the movie that will forever kill me.
I really cannot be completely mad at my boyfriend for more than an hour it's embarrassing
If I can't laugh with you , don't be my friend
All I want for Christmas is my Pyrex
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you couldn't do.
Feeling a little extra sketchy this morning
If you ask me im READY
Missed free kick ....
I need more memory in my hard drive. This 60 GB of music is going to turn into 100 GB soon.
cooling breaks...is it going to turn into an american football style broadcast\/ ads in Qatar
Fuck switching to Verizon tomorrow I'm fucked I missed like 5 hells kitchens
And I literally didn't regret it at all.
People who ride motorcycles or any type of loud car are easily the most annoying people on this planet
I'm going to tweet you all night but the one girl who tweets you once gets the follow It's alright excuse me while I go cry
Watching the second season of arrow right now.
GOL GOL GOL GOL GOL GOALLLLLLL
It's just always somethin with this fuccin job
Allies always sad and never deserves it it hurts my heart
Aaaaanndd that's it folks, I'm passing TF out
I'm quickly falling in love with a city that I can't afford...
Some people are way to open about their personal life
Jade Bitch Rodriguez.. It has a ring to it I like that.
cuz I don't wanna get curved no mo
being single teaches you so much about yourself and what kind of person you want to be.
I want it all and then some
Some may say my insanity is comparable to Angelina Jolie in girl interrupted
'Inertia applies to me so well'\n\nJulia worries me
makes me happy when my mom goes foodshopping.
I just gained 100 followers from the booty joke...
Got a little nap inn ahah
its weird to know im gonna go to the same school as you in a year..
One of my coworker's lock screen on her iphone is a selfie of herself. Lmao
Esto de que dormis a las 2 am y te despertas a las 7 am lo que no
Ive never had nutella it doesnt look appealing to me
Blot te blot te blo te blot bum
Boy scout is so weird during the day
*tells people I'm having an allergic reaction cause of something I ate*
AMERICAAAA FUCK YEAH
I'm trynna get a summer body
All your snapchat story posts are of other people and it's fucking weird
\": You a fuck nigga and it ain't a secret\"
Critical Inflection Point: where technology enables gov't to truly see and to know EVERYTHING. That it CAN do so, MUST IT?
Not gonna be there for thursdays vidcon BUT THAT'S OKAY
Do u even know how that makes u look?
I have a love\/hate relationship with my bangs.
So excited for the beach tmr!!
Well that nose is broke
PKs are cool. But id rather just see them keep playing until someone scored. Like the NHL playoffs.
Garrett's making jokes but the reality is the ghost dropping bottle caps in my house is gonna fuck my shit up
Aren't you guys excited for the Sailor Moon reboot?
Why tell people about somethin you aint coming to lol
Chicharito gets no llaying on Man U or Mexico this is funny
So my girl in the wrong? Cuz she got betrayed by her best friend and got upset?? Like lmfao these bitches bruh
Pretty sure the parade is right outside 's house right now. If not someone really likes music.
I miss being under the lights Wednesday and Friday nights
GOAL fuck yeah OMFG CRYING OMFG
I don't know when, confused about how as well. Just know these things will never change for us at all
Feeling well rested after that power nap
The only flag shirt I own is my tom petty &amp; the heartbreakers one...
KNEE HIGH SOCKS THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT
Father's Day is so uncomfortable
I only kick it with people who got the same future as me, that's how we keep eachother focused.
My mom is really making me clean this whole fucking house later
TW\nI've lost count of the times men have sexually harassed me but have not forgotten any sexual assaults. They're forever burned in my mind.
ya I had called him yesterday, how everything go?
benzino looks like the the evil mask in jim carey the mask
cat heaven is probably mouse hell
Praying for and during this awful time. Wishing you a speeding recovery.
Is really hard to make someone understand something when they refuse to want to listen and understand
I just want to be in Tahoe already
JA! Team Deutschland gehen ... Ich meine, Amerika!!!!
Just photo bombed the snapchat of two little girls in front of me at Matilda. It made me feel like an old lady trying to be \"hip.\"
So glad we just gotta finish the 250 ft of silk fence and bye bye
That was quick!!
Wow Toni Kroos to Real Madrid. Fuck.
A hour and a half to get to Riverhead smh
Wow it's July 4th I had no idea thanks guysss
. True Poetic Beauty Lay Deep Within The Ears Of The Listener
He don't love me like he says he love me.
first dj mustard beat i wasn't able to pick apart
Every job I done had I got it on my own
I'd love to know where the fuck this nigga left the remote
shoutout to my boy on graduating today, idk if you heard us but we were there. congrats man love you
But no for real the rain and thunder scare herc and he woke me up.
Casually looking at naked girls on some random doods phone on the subway
Wizkid has been using you guys to catch cruise. At this point Jesus will come before his album
Omg haha why do I keep laughing shit haha to funny
Where do they find this channel of little kids having cosmetic surgery, who wants to watch this when they workout! Everyday wtf!
Hahahaha!! Mag ingay para sa SPURS!!
anthony Pettis is fighting tonight and I didn't know ..
I remember when Jeff Hardy and Edge used to be my favorite wwe superstars
Jozy disappointing again
its rly cute when lil neighborhood kids compliment u on ur clothing and skateboard and u like yes bitch thank u
\": Respect for all costa ricans right now. No one expected them to go this far, but they've proved everyone wrong.\"
My last night in town hey wouldn't ya knowwww
Soccer a probably the only sport I actually love. And swimming.
yo lo controlo queloque B|
Never again Candace
Beyond pissed I'm not allowed to go outside. Or to the gym. Or anything involving movement basically :(
Took ya while!
I wanna here ur voice and not just on vine
It's cool to have a twin cause it's like having a personal assistant
Me and want you to come back to Florida
i luv cheese
According to my mother, boys and girls can't hang out without having some sort of sexual encounter.
matts dad was at magcon???
So my body officially hates me
With this nigga. Its been awhile
Wow, Mirotic finally coming over to Chicago could actually be a big get for the . Excited to see him play
my hearts against your chest, my lips pressed to your neck
.Carnegie plays host to more than musicians.
Why are you getting hekka mad that I'm shooting around for two hours tomorrow?????
20 minute runs with increasing speed while blasting EDM is an addiction for me now lul
Who's trying to go to the beach tomorrow
I'll fit tight in with the white girls in MA. I like md French vanilla light n sweet
Life doesn't provide warranties and guarantees, it only provides possibilities and opportunities for those who dear to make best use of it.
Ole Miss tomorrow for orientation!
I'm looking at my school work from 10th grade and one of the TA's graded me down bc I used the correct plural of samurai which is samurai
I either need a boyfriend or more single friends... Yeah more single friends
Been almost over a month since I've seen a Ricky Silvano alcohol fueled evening... So that might have to happen
King James does not in fact shit gold
\": Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia - Fear of the number 666. \" say that 10 times fast...
This pool thing just became a pain in the ass
I'll always have my phone on do not disturb. Don't take it personal.
Does someone want to hangout *clicks tongue* or nah
Side netting plz! THAT was a goal.
i need a different job.
Most people are annoying, and by most I mean all but oh well
emmy dedicated one of her candles to me im crying she wrote the nicest thing aw
Dats a song for a competition ???
Staying in and watching Netflix all night
I really can't do work in the tomorrow.
So as usual everyone told me I was wrong saying there was something wrong with DW past month
Back in the states first things first gotta get wet at Niagara Falls. Why tstone why? cuz its hawt!
I'm working 12 hrs tomorrow and not eating for 17.
My eyes want to close but they can't
You Can make friends by just being yourself but the problem is when they don't keep in touch that part sucks
Holy shit what a shot
Goddamn you half-Japanese girls... Do it to me every time. Oh, the redhead said you shred the cello and I'm jello, baby.
A higher power needs to point me in a good direction cause I'm all kinda of fucked up
SOOMPI WOULD HAVE THE SPECIAL FOR UKISS AFTER I FUCKING ORDERED IT ON YESASIA -_- HATE LIFE.
I know baseball is supposed to distract me until football starts but man do the Mets take any joy out of watching games
Stepped into my house after being gone all weekend &amp; it smelt like Joey. I miss Joey.
Even if the USA doesn't win the World Cup, we're still the best at literally everything else
Hoping that one day I will figure out what I want
She just wanna smoke an fuck
Chicken stock in pressure cooker.
That was sweet
I miss college =( (sigh)....
Why ya gotta be so rude?
Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman are there to boost morale. 'Murica.
In other news, you can buy pregnancy tests at the dollar store.
It's a great feeling knowing that your parents don't have any confidence in you...
Feeling like we all have too many calendars to balance, work, Google Calendar, Kids' sports, Camps, etc..
Fue por to culpa tu mataste el pr
gotta keep the documentation of all of my grand accomplishments in one place i gotchu linda
\"Look it says Lost Cat!\" -tiny girl pointing at mailbox that says 'coyote blood'
Matt just almost kill me.
I needa hit Tracy this summer like fr fr
This morning on imagination land voice actor baseball player and WWE champ 5 days til
none of ya spurs fans tho.
Well deserved by the USA
I think I've only watched the like once in my life is that bad
I wish I could go back in time. I miss being little watching Alicia Keys videos when she had her braids lmao.
Another great each weekend... Thanks again Bradley Beach
if Teddy makes it there will be screaming in this house
I would've went Wondo
If only it was that easy lol
I'll find temporary solace at the bottom of this cup.
I'm tired of girls using me to hangout so they can see with stens
Simply because they don't like some of my opinions
Road trips: the only time when sitting in one place and doing nothing makes you the most tired you've ever been.
I'm so tight!!!!!!
Someone be a true homie and come sit with me at the complex
Lol the roof is broken at the gym
Anybody have a longboard they don't use they'd be willing to give me
Today needs to actually be over.
\"Tbt to when Pippa spent $100 on the iPad playing Smurf Village\"
Master Chef is such a well executed show.
Out to eat with my brother should be fun
Stop trying to make Sam Smith happen...
5 is a great number!
God ice missed the communal sense that comes w foreign personalities
I wish the I could see who I will marry
Just deleted nearly 1,000 photos, also just deleted nearly 1,000 little pieces of my heart.
We need a clear shot of that blonde that is over the batters shoulder when they focus on the batter in the box. Hello!
Some people make way too big a deal out if little things especially on ask like let it go it's the internet lol
Project graduation was fun as hell lol
In pretty sure my neighbors hate me... Hahaha
Maybe I should start learning Hebrew again
USA MOTHERFUCKER !!!!!!!
Giving u an address if u drive me and lazicki
15:04 NA6MG (Dan) on W6\/CT-033 (Zanja Peak, 1080m, 2pt) 146.520 fm: mon now [APRS2SOTA]
\"i'm gonna make yew suck yaself awffa me. then, i'm gonna put it back in yew!\"
It feels good to be back at my home church's sanctuary!
Watching bride wars with Emily and drinking everythime they say wedding and married..
When ppl think they're funny but they're not &lt;&lt;&lt;
90 percent of females who get called smart on twitter or instagram are from men who want a reply or follow back
Miku con C de Casa (??
My parents never fail to assume the worst
it's almost as ugly as your personality :-)
Don't memorize these names.
AUGUSTTTTTT u cute but why u talk like that tho
Lol ps3 for the night again
\": AB soul album dropped or what ?\" Yea
If someone were to judge me based on my google searches they would get the wrong idea
USA ain't nothin to fuck with
Nobody has a clue
Lotta butts in cc
Mom said only reason I went to college is to play basketball.. She thinks I'm winner in life tho I swear
I love those friendships that's start fast and are unexpected
im so awkward
My grandma told me one day id be traveling the world. Now slowly but surely her words are becoming true.
I've become so uninterested in my text messages.
Two flat tires in one day? Thanks, Probability Fairy.
If you don't like Seinfeld, I prolly don't like you
Yikes! I don't know what's in the air, but there are some CRAAAAAAAAZIES out today. Stay home, kids. Lock the derr. Eek. Scared.
Just saw and some guy by the name of stole the show. I think I like him. A lot. Really.
Good defense Ghana
Not ready for my game tonight... I need to wake up ....
THOSE PEOPLE ONCE YOU FIND WHERE ARE THEY NOW? THY COULD BE IN YOURS BANKS YOURS BUSINESS they DISABLE TO BE ABLED ok MY HONEY$
Feliz Dia del Padre porque tu has sido mucha y mucho para tus hijos y !! . Bendiciones
As much as Israel tries to paint Jerusalem as a united city, it remains divided by Israel's Apartheid policies
It's so hot I don't even wanna get high
I need to go to the palace before July 1st
Who would have honestly thought you could get a truck stuck while off-roading in the desert. Not this guy
\": \"You are enough.You are so enough, it is unbelievable how enough you are\"\" You're Enough,But this World can use few more You
HOW TF PHARREL WIN OVER BEYONCE AND JAY Z
\": DADS TIGERS JAW AND TOUCHE AMORE TOMORROW\" FUCK YEAH
So theres this girl &amp;she have quite a story and a pass that will make u cry she think by not talking about it will make it vanish
Just almost pissed my pants while looking at the 43 worst eyebrow thing
Chris Young with a stay of execution, 3 homers in 2 days means you can't release the guy.
For a moment its good... but those things aren't fulfilling. Only Jesus can satisfy
Every single one of my friends leaves the same voice mail \" sup fucker call me \" but never tells me who they are they all sound alike
I dont care how good you live. Your NOT better then anybody. Nobody is better then anybody. Everybody is the same. Were ALL human. Word up!
Muchas felicidades y bendiciones , Dios siempre lo llene de amor y esperanza. Lo adoro!!! :-)
Facebook be boring and those messages be so annoying!
Well I guess you'll learn fast
Gotta love SoloQ, such nice and friendly people.
Why the fuck the league keep helping out Miami for?
The box coming has become a minnow of delight in a sea of brown dreary smiling arrows. I can't wait for a sea of minnows.
Tf juss happened wat I do
\"Are your stamps going to come off? They are ugly stinky farts\" Giana discussing my tattoo
CANT WAIT TO USE A DUR AT EVERY MEAL
My bed can fit 3-4 people, yet my cat insists on sleeping on my stomach
Looks like curly hair all summer it is since I'm constantly going to be getting wet with the kids
Lady who runs the cheesesteak stand on the third floor of AT&amp;T Park now recognizes me and got my order ready as I was walking up.
Finally home and in my baed (bed with a twist)
Showing just enough interest can take you very far
LA TIA YESNIIIII
Just watched the creepiest fucking movie ever
I haven't spoken to my mom and she hasn't returned any of my calls and I'm scared.
Sushi Bar. All women employees.\n\nQuestion: Do the customers smell the actual fish or vaginas?
Why must it be rainy today whyyyyyy
On the bright side, I can move my neck after last night.
Mexico gets every call its not even funny
Neyo was first bae like way back when
funniest close of time I can't
I give zero fucks about any mets overhyped prospects until i see them in the majors What they do in triple A double A is fucking meaningless
Dear lord have mercy I'm going to have to pick up two dead rats from a glue trap and on of them the others rats have been chewing on
#If you ain't at Carnegie Hall tonite You Ain't No where man! OMG it's only intermission and they are wearing us out!!!
People who spam Instagram without a single pause &lt;&lt;&lt;
i hate not doing anything but i hate doing things
It's not good to judge people about a certain situation unless you've been in a similar one. Then you would understand
I'm a gangsta grandpa and I'm proud!
I always manage to fuck up the good things in my life.
Yo I can't help that a nigga can't handle himself.
What would I do if I were a war criminal?
People think my moms a milf and my dad's hot..........
\"Natural Voice\" Wtf does that even mean?
Day 2: still no word from cheresie but head is still held high
Hangi abdest,hangi namaz hangi oruc temizler ruhundaki pisligi????
awww\nlast week i was leaving the hostel for the airport\nnow i be laying around
I've been watching on mute and wasn't sure how many innings there were, coulda sworn that was the end of the game.
Colin Kaepernick with dreads
Fuck I don't wanna skate home
I'm the type of nigguh who won't give a shit that ppl will call me weird..
If it's called a \"function\", just know black people are hosting it.
So like is there hear lightening in orlando? I couldn't tell by the 68643 people posting about it...
My Morning Rap:\r\"She wakes up at the crack of dawn. Banging around with EasySpirits on. She's a beast, there can be no doubt.\rGTFU. GTFU!\"
Don't sit there and wish for something you once had but foolishly let go. Cherish it, treasure it and hold onto it.
And that really hurts
Wow... we all knew this was coming
Just finished a new drawing!!! Big reveal will be tomorrow so be on the lookout!
\"Oh wow that guy just saw my crotch\" \n\"Oh wow that was my dad\"
Kobe would never sit on the bench in the finals yet Lebron has twice this finals
Yall wanna know what my fav movie is ?
Can I wife or nah?
I make wud'u like 24\/7 for no reason. Even if I don't have prayer I make it bc it feels so refreshing
Healy in OITNB: \"Lesbians are dangerous.\" *Ashley and Barbie both turn to stare at me*
cant wait till im off ... 4 more hours
Stalking people on instagram and accidentally liking a picture from like 98 weeks ago is the worst
USA is wack. Portugal slacking.
Jhene Aiko has a beautiful voice
I would never co sign for no one and I would never open up no type of credit card phone line nothing Idc if you my family friend nigga NOPE
-.- y y y would you sub our best player
TENGO GANAS DE PELIARME CON ALGUIEN SOLO PARA SACARME LA BRONCA FIRME
Check email bro send the tracks them
I hate when people Change ..
I just have to make it till Thursday. I just have to make it till Thursday.
I'm so use to it being the middle of the afternoon and drinking with my peeps in the pub already
I want to go night swimming but my sisters being a bitch
Tonights argue with the person you like night
How can you hate such a face
Good morning locked and loaded have a great day
usa really does suck
Back on tha bullshit, if we ain't fuckn than that's bullshit.
So there is a character named Irena played by an actress who played an Irena in another episode. Not the same character. Nanny vs. hooker.
Im tried . Feel like going to sleep.
Motion for \"Co-dependence Day\" in which we all cling to our sexual partners for dear life.
Independence Day is just a fake holiday created by the card industry to sell oh wait it's actually a real thing never mind.
Why did it just take almost 5 1\/2 hours to get home from Maryland
I'd love to see debate Hobby Lobby atty Adele Keim tonight on TRMS She was w\/ this am on .Please?Must see tv
Stressing about school and school has NOT even started
This dude from Ghana just Flash Kicked Dempsey!
By that I did not mean when I am open I meant when I am awake
I'm seriously making myself sick bec nerves and lack of sleep. And it might be for nothing.
If you like dragon ball z I probably don't like you
Something Greek messed up my order and I got to keep the one they messed up and they are sending me the correct letters
lol remember when jalen would talk about living in boston + we would all be like STFU JALEN WE HATE BOSTON BOSTON IS WACK FUCK THAT CITY
We lost fuck y'all
i don't understand how ppl headbang so perfectly.when i do it,i feel like my head is gonna fall off and i look like a moose having a seizure
I can only handle talking to like 2 people on the phone
Omars my nigga! I love that dude haha
Ehhhhhhhhh maybe I should read The Stand again, or maybe The Most Dangerous Game ooo la la
Feel like coworkers were happier to see me than friends n fam sometimes
When you pour a whole bowl of cereal and then theres no milk &gt;&gt;
I think I've tweeted this about 100 times but I'll tweet it even more
Keep it classy, not trashy, just a Lil nasty :)
No veo la hora de irme de esta mierda.
I've never loved dreadlocks so much.
What a fucking shot.
I hate people who wear a single brand head to toe
Di Maria just made an amazing run and then did a perfect rabona pass
Biglia, you are so fine.
They already want to buy the whole damn store
I stare, a lot. I should probably stop, but I can't. People are just soo interesting.
Whenever I eat fried food I feel disgusting instantly after
I want to love like Yoko and John. The way they looked at each other, there is no doubt that they felt the true meaning of love.
At 's office in the Bay. Looking forward to tonight's event!
Nigga only go 15 or so fights
Live tweeting at &amp; damn, happy to report there are loads of succulent terrariums in this show.
Left my headphones on the table. That's it today's the day I kill myself
you're the worst you know what you've done to me.
at this point i cant stand being around my parents either they are annoying or everything i say gets me in trouble
goin to these orientation tomo. i hope things will turn out my way.
If the American fans could sit in this audience with gahdamn superhero costumes making my ass hot, yall can handle the humidity.
It's kinda ironic how girls who try to be \"different\" are almost always predictable
Two days in the city and I can navigate the subway system. Also can get on the train and not grip the bar for dear life.
$2 at the chase ATM on corner of 55&amp;9th.
Mierkina se mudan lo vecino en DR ..
I would love to see Costa Rica take out the Netherlands
looks like right field is the place to be if you like defense.
not even picasso could paint your beauty
just got fucked by the short dick of the muni law
I BEEN SINGLE SINCE GOD KNOWS WHEN.
Fuck you Renaldo
Every single Costa Rican penalty was brilliantly taken.
Going to Sedona tomorrow :D What are your plans going to be this weekend :)
Sevyn could've put something else on
Post-March celebration. The Phoenix.
Aaron Ekblad Is the first overall pick. Congrats!
The fact that I'm drinking coffee right now, k.
So excited for graduation and my birthday I could care less bout anything else going on rn forreal
I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was I supposed to do
I remember when loved me
my mom is about 90% done with me
Putting on make up is weird
having blue eyes isn't all that great
Good 1 for ! MT Movie geek in me's fascinatd by those who excel at 1 film role &amp; disappear. Wot happened?
in 5 days who's ready
Alright boys, 3 at bats left! In control still
Definitely gonna try the blow dryer
WHAT A GOAL! my word!
Brasil - Chile will be an interesting game.
I hate when my dad threatens me with chores likeee can you not
Valuable lesson had to grow up
LeBron's heart is broken man :\/
I still love and will always love drake
Up by 20!
Al, Horrible caller, crusty old... these kids are as good as dead if they stay in the violent contexts from which they come
\"This interview is over\" # Hmong
!! In a cab heading to emcee the End of Year party. Can't wait to see all of the
For all I know rocket love flew past me yesterday.
Dudes in sailor suits from On The Town are singing NEW YORK NEW YORK and hugging hot dogs
Ps I plan on ignoring rusov and big e
A week ago me and my team were all fucked up on the strip going to our shuttles !!!
Is still question why Canada is it's own country
I probably have a brain aneurysm and it's probably goIng to burst HAHAHA.
The more time I spend at high school events the more I want to be at GSU
I'm a true believer that absolutely nobody can make me happy
Just woke up , gm
Save tip : use a jar and put 5-10 dollars each week.
Can liv be in 6th grade again
Who said it's a cement jungle?
But really I hope they do the book justice
\"was the author in 2007 of a shield law that did not have a national security exemption.\" Would he veto it now?
Jen selters ass is it's own person \nI don't even understand
I haven't even opened my books to start studying for finals lol
Hey, you. In the I\/O badge. You're rocking the Google Glass right now.
That one moment when I got ALL THE FEELS: last set of playing
I always tell Ashley I'll come over than just never show up I wonder if she gets worried about me
I like big dick in my small mouth
As in the thing that looks looks like baking soda
Let me tweet my fave line hol up
Looking fwd to joining for tmr luncheon ConcernWomen. Great cause: Helping the poorest of the poor.
I miss my mom. Im about to go home.
I actually miss my blonde hair
Finishing up at then another night at Dizzy's tonight with the Septet!! 11:30pm
Is anyone else listening to these commentators? Holy shit, lay on the pity train more to the Rays
I gotta stay high all the time; to keep you off my mind
ALEXIA JUST SPILLED HER BUCKET OF FUCKING POPCORN ON ME
I SOCKED SHAY IN THE TIT RIGHT NOW AND IM CRYING SO HARD BECAUSE HOLY SHIT THAT WAS HILARIOUS OH MY GOD
The south is the fucking worst when it comes to their treatment of immigrants
We need Derek Norris
I still can't stop laughing at the fat picture of me and from last night.
Derrrrrp. RT : Jason Kidd to become next head coach of Bucks if Nets agree to Milwaukee's offer of a 2nd-round pick.
i cant fuck your life anymore then it already is or i deff would lmao
Woke up very mad at b for something he did in my dream.
My ice cream about to melt
note to self. don't ever wear heels when your calves are sore. EVER
- Stevie don't even know wtf she singing about
I will not fall. I will not fade. I will take your breath away.
I guess Pat and Gianni are okay.
Soooo hyped up for this game now! Let's go boys!!
Really really starting to like this flag waving team
What a FUCKING GOALL! !!!!!!!\"
all I want is to fuck, cuddle, than go to sleep
\"When I look into my future, you're all that I can see, so honey don't go lovin' on nobody but me\"
These shows all about chicks who are pre-40 pre-learn-ur-lesson. They hate on 40...paaahhh! Ya'll gonna learn. Not 1 meant u well.
This will be the most viewed event in the history of WatchESPN
If she says 'like' one more time
It always makes me happy to be with my brothers and drizzy
I am a thumb
I love to comment random stuff on Instagram pics.
Not into people who are still into their ex
happy fathers day to be to my day one , happy for your cuhz
When that shit is real you just know.
OMFG FINALLY GETTING A KITTEN SOO HAPPY!!
Don't wanna be an asshole but I hope you get every std possible.
I've never been so excited to take out my anger on a tennis ball
I've got 3 tickets to Queen\/Adam July 9, section 413, row 7, seats 17,18,19. $35\/each Please retweet
I don't want to go to college anymore. They're expecting way too damn much from me rn.
.catching some from this gal standing near me. It's an ungodly sound.
Hahaha my little brother just spilled coffee on himself (he's wearing a white shirt) dumbass bitch
So basically if I had one reason to go to graduation it's because I just bought a new dress and I want pictures wearing it.
in the mood to FaceTime idek
I feel like I only tweet when I'm bored
Can't believe that tomorrow I leave for Disney!
I'm bouta be tight as hell
Watching the news get me fucking pissed
a grown man threw that ball (cespedes' infield hit) LOL!
One more day of stupid work til ! Pray that I survive the inevitably soul crushing managers meeting first.
Superman's dead nigga, there ain't no 7 dragon balls to revive his ass.
Find directions to dean college that go pass a .
My sisters just told me \"emo\" is a type of music... Wtf?? Is this true?
lmfao faggot ass cant hold shit down
Or maybe, you're fascinated on there like , , , etc.
THIS FUCKING GAME!!!!!
Whys it that I'm always the bad guy?
I think we are just in a matrix
We ayer del pedo que tenia mi viejo me dio limon y lance todo jajaja
Lmfaooooo it's a 18 year old black girl
Cus you know who you are &amp; all that you put me through
Live tweet the inside of the truffles was completely melted and went all over me
Not really trying to get out my bed, wish someone could just go work for me
Y'all bunch of mitches if you give me that damn ice challenge! Lol
My essay is only 3 pages. I don't give a shit.
Eres tu, no me valen las demas.
Never estimate how scary sneezing while driving can be.
Landon Donovan come on down!!!!
Let's stop holding back &amp; let's get carried away
Am I the only one who hates rain and lighting
I think my laptop just crapped out &amp; I was in the middle of an application..
\": Debating if I should go out and get Burger King or naww\" jack in the box*
How many of you are n shii
I don't even know where I get these folk
Switching Chris Hardwick off after the Colbert Report is often the last genuine pleasure of a really long day.
At some point in time you gone always have to let go of that one person you want the most if it ain't going right
when I'm not talking to you I'm usually just spacing out. funnnnnnn
Sleeping till 4... Ha smh
It's 3:15 a.m &amp; I'm wide awake so yeah
Flying OT Frying Pans of The Buttah!
I wouldn't want Thornton but I also don't really want Nash anymore
cant fuck w an op
There's too many people talking to me I'm not used to this much social interaction...
Like the respect he showed and helped teach my generation when referring to Mr. Torre, a Happy 40th Birthday to Mr. Jeter
Think I'm just gonna stay in and watch movies on my 21st birthday.
El placer mas grande que tengo Es poder disfrutar de tu Amor
shemus is corny to me
Stfu like you ain't got shit on me that u can call me out on u stay in yo lane ill stay in mine
Like you could do the stupidest smallest shit and ill say \" you fake\"
YES !!!!! Go USA!!!
Don't tell me that I don't like you when I try and talk to you and you don't respond
Costa Rica pat dwe bay Cambel choute
girls are so fucking dumb. you all get naked on the internet then talk shit to each other about it. morons
After today I realized how much a great friend is to me
Watched the World Cup for a min and realized why hockey is my favorite sport to watch.
Damn some ppl never seize to amaze me haha .. THOT NATION STAND UP!!
Up where they stand all day in the sun
Why is everything in Mexico yellow
And I'm not trynaa be mad tonight soo ima just sleep
Does any1 know which channel ' show Hot Listings Miami will be on since The Style Network doesn't exist anymore?
Switch A Roo Your Hoe Let Me Hit Ha
Day one cycling in San Francisco- Fell off. Damn you tram tracks!! Sore elbows
Is dog in catdog the same voice of Spongebob
Yeah give that faggot a yellow
I don't know what I see in you, I wanna be with you in love with him &lt;3
currently listening to lana del rey would anyone like to engage in a cocaine induced threesome
Lol throwback to graduation last year when I tried throwing my cap in the air only to have it come back and hit me in my face..
Glad I read this now! Thanks for sharing Thanks for re-sharing
Goodnight to all the hooligans going out tonight. Be safe mothaaafuckas.
Parker feeling it now
When a Hoe Says im not Ready For A boyfriend.
if youre wondering if i want you too, i want you too
Another hour until I'm free from this hell hole
Jones just froze the keeper
Never lost a nigga worth keeping
Tookaville, yea they hang with me
There is no comparison between a undocumented service man 2\n\"Illegal Aliens\"\nUndocumented Service Men earned the right to be an \n\"American\"
Def not what a best friend would do thats for sure
Out to the west end with some really great Samaritans. Saucin back a few just becuhhhhh
Yall funny for sure but leaders of the future? I hope to God they are hiding somewhere biko nu.
Just gonna start drinking and what happens
All my friends are fucking up or I'm just straight up losing them and I feel like I'm failing as a friend to prevent that.
Imagine if iggy and asap were still together tho \n*way cool*
fuck with my friends and ill fuck your life up.
having twitter makes you feel like you have so many friends, when in reality only 5 of your follows actually care about you.
I was invited to a natural hair mixxer... it smelll like shea butter and feminism
\"ugh why couldnt i have lived in the 50's??\" well i guess if u were a WHITE MALE the 50s woulda been pretty fuckin rad
You know that is awesome when the only people that hate him are Justin Bieber and Kim Jong Un.
Dead reading oomf tweets like \"let me just take your boyfriend real quick...\"
Fav for shrooms \nRT for lsd\nQuote for DMT
I would go crazy to get a follow but I already tweeted 300+ times to get a matt follow today so
Golazo de Jones zapatazo violento.
Go back to your home on whore island
Spending some time with the fam shopping at jersey gardens.
Pounding headache... I guess alcohol will do the trick
This series was atrocious, about to be the 4th blowout win for the Spurs
So my address is 2 vienna way. Bring all your friends. Becka is here and i will gladly love to help
2.watching a show that I thought would be dumb but so far so good. It's got Lexi from Grey's but u barely notice. Kinda funny 2 4 a cop show
Shits about to go DOWN !!
Bury me alive, bury me with pride, bury with berries that forbidden fruit and cherry wine
to com uns plano de dormir uns 10 dias seguidos
So I'm styling two photo-shoots next week, right? Well the producer gave me a website, and her card, and said to purchase what I needed.
Hysterically started to cry after my phone call with turtle
Il me faut des AirMax
Does losing these two games mean we are officially in a slump? No offense, no pitching.
Nada vengo a decirle que me saco nigeria pa mil. chao :(
Barbs slapped my hand out of my hand and I fell to the ground
if Callie dies right now I will kill myself
Math final and work tomorrow. Fun life.
Just waisted an hour and 45minutes of my life on this horrible ass movie. Fuck life
I would buy this skate &amp; destroy shirt but my brothers just going to steal it from me anyway so
Hell is a bucket mic that last for ever AND YOU NEVER GET CALLED
Zayn fuck you hard
The world needs a better poster released. I am looking your way
Talk in my place is....Lakers Raiders Cowboys Pass tha blunt...Hey kyle were tha Hennessy at.lmfaoo
Ya no tengo nada 'bueno' para decir.
I would much rather be furious at someone than disappointed in them.
Safe to say the disease of the myrtle 2k14 house is slowly killing me.
wonder if my neighbors ever get tired of listening to \"WE WANT BIG BOOTY BITCHES BIG BIG BOOTY BITCHES\"
I think I broke my neck while sleeping last night... I accept sympathy in the form of cash or checks thank you
Say I don't like it but you know I doo
Nobody can change a person, but someone can be the reason for a person to change.
I wake up to your name running thru my head
Looks like Dempsey has a broken nose
I'm an amateur porn star or naw?
Y'all just don't get it lol I would give my life for that lil girl without hesitation
we're in a limo bc taxis hate us
Everyone at this Neil Gaiman show looks like an extra from a David Lynch movie.
I've stopped caring about shit so much that I say a lot of things I shouldn't realize it but still don't care
Warped Warpedd Warpeddddddddd, Can't wait too see !!&lt;3 :]
Frustration is losing an argument when you're right simply because the other person is too stupid to understand what you're saying
Coworker: 'I'm buying you lunch AND we're getting French fries'
i hope lebron doesnt act like a bitch and leave the heat
\"What president does 'JFK' stand for?\" -Bella ()
ugh wicked lady is perf :3
iloveyou je bent de beste hele dikke kus robbbie - \n(via )
Siempre es lo mismo &amp; mismo contigo !!
Bored and it's hard out here for a bitch
I always feel so bad for Jay Gatsby, but understand why he did what he did
I never liked you. Just ask all your friends about how much shit I talked about you!
sometimes when i wanna cry i put on the final episode of hannah montana
This series just shows that one player cant keep doing it all
Mayute don't romp wit me
Half the population needs primary care services called family planning.
I would not want to be a cable car brakeman though. Especially on the strip of Washington.
Dean Ambrose is great.. Just sayin
lho,salah ya? RT : kok adenya? RT : adenya :D RT : oh ada yg maling al-qur'an di masjid..\"
my family went out to dinner without me and now I'm and
Deandre Yedlin about to make his World Cup debut
my first sip of green tea at sunrise this morning tastes so good.
Not sure how Rocky ate like 87455238885 punches from the Russian and still won
\"she gone do what she want\"
Id love to go out &amp; do something tonight
Cloudtop cruise is probably the best level in MK8 IMO.
angel cracked her phone last night and she hasnt told my dad yet but she will now bc mine is cracked worse than hers
making me push him away, only makes me want him that much more
Ice cream for breakfast why not
Too dumb to give up, too stubborn to change.z
Now she on the floor droppin like its hottttt
OMGF CALL 911 I just passed by glean view and saw a bunch of black kids vandalizing!!!
Most of what I use whatsapp for is to text that little poo emoji to my husband.
I asked you if you wanted to be with me and you asked me to give you a week to decide. Right then, right there, I had my answer.
Captain Clint to the rescue
Lol, I just want to inform people that I'm not that insane. \n\nIt's just that I have a math final....
So since it's Thursday tomorrow how likely will we have rain in NYC? I've renamed it Thunder Thursday...Only time will tell...
Group G winners: USA &amp; Germany\nGroup H winners: Algeria &amp; Belgium
Why did nobody try today :(
Subways have a legit schedule that I can find somewhere ?
World cup in NYC w
I Take Death Into My Own Hands... You'd Kill For Love And I Love To Kill I Was Never Good At Romance
sad excuses and false hopes high
I think I'm just gonna stick to myself and my family from now on. it's easier this way.
\": i can always bounce back though , it ain't nothinn .\"
\": Eat. Sleep. Conquer. Summer\" to anyone taking their last regent tomorrow this is the motto!
That movie though... Abortions make for awkward conversations...
I jus notice y tf am I still up
Re que el xD ya paso de mODA.
I'm starving but won't eat till I finish this cover letter
Don't u wanna make a 12 year old happy
never make eye contact w someone on Bart.. never
Okay so I may have an insulin resistance? Any other bad news I would like to hear that could happen this year ..
\": Men are more likely to have navel lint than women.\"
I don't have many friends but the friends I do have I wouldnt replace them for the world.
My friends expect way too much from me.
Say a prayer that I run into my favorite comedians tomorrow during my tour at 30 Rock
The Yankees suck and I have basic cable.
Whenever someone sneezes on tv they are super sick within the day. I sneeze like 20 times a day and I'm perfectly fine
Finally read Scalped vol. 1 (by )! Now I'm wishing I picked up more than one volume!
I am a sinner . Who is probably going to sin again
Wish my.phone would stop sending things when it feels like it and wish it would charge
My life is like a movie everyday a new script
Volvimos al tema que Bruera se quedo con la guita el arroz con pollo.
Bobby Womack died? Wait a minute, this is too deep. I gotta change the station...
Lil Wayne need to cut them dreads off...don't look good.
Anyone who's not watching the right now can do so vicariously through the rest of the world's instantaneous social media updates
Promise. To pray for more until my very. Last. Breath.
Who's in room 371 for chem regents
You wanna okay the ignore game.. Let's play.
\n 2 0;\n 0 3; \n 1 3; \n1 4. \n RT RT RT RT RT
Core workouts before bed is always a must.
I hear cats crying outside and my heart hurts for them
Bloodclaaaaat deh SAVE DEEH
Marvy did you pay the electric bill\nNo Janice I forgot \nGod damnit Marvy\n
HEY. is SUPER OVER FRIGGIN PUSH THE MAN GOD
SHOW ME YOUR GENITALS
i would watch a show\/spin-off with just Lily:)
How dare people sleep with socks on how do the piggies breathe
It's amazing how someone becomes ugly after you fuck with em.
It's fried day I'm bouta get me a can (thot)
I hate this but deserve the title. defense is just pathetic.
\nIts amazing Mr horsford says patience on judgement but Donald sterling , paula deen should be hung yesterday quilt or not in court
Last chance who wants to cuddle with my chipmunk face tonight :)
Still hasn't hit me yet that I'm senior and graduating next year with my class of 2015.
...at a charity function in NYC. Asked Sapp about his weight. Wrong query. He threatened to pummel me. Er, ok. I backed off. And threw...
I can't wait to hang out w my mom tn after work
These drinks are gonna have me toooo onnn
I want Ben and Jerry's and kel wants a milkshake but we're to lazy to get it.... We suck
this weekend and last weekend i got told i was overly medicated soo i think i need to do something about
Finally a sports team I pick wins a championship. I'm not jumping around as if the Isles won but damn I'm happy!
-how the hell you gonna cut her like that, that is RUDE
Some of ya bitches gotta stop callin other bitches broke cause ya doing worse than them
I think way too much I gotta find my chill
Every year my skin get blackuhh, and darkuhh, and blackuhh, and then mo darkuh
Thoughts and prayers with and family
Safe drive to all my niggas and whoever don't have twitter
With that said if anyone wants to vent anything all you have to do is message me.
I legit had a stomach ache for 4 days straight. What the fuck
The crowd is pumped and loud!
My love is back home; waiting for me to return.
Can I just not work and still make all the money?
Ohhhhhhh YEAh. !!!!!
By the end of 2014, India will surpass the U.S. as the largest population of Facebook users.
All because of money? I'm telling you it ruins people's lives sometimes. Family are the worse people to hurt you.
Trying to get a lot of people and watch the USA game tomorrow. Hmu if you wanna come and if you have any ideas on where we should have it #
I just want to go back to school already
Going to the gym at 5:30am bc its only open twice a day, 5:30-7am &amp; 5:30-8 pm, and im embarassed of my light weight lifting.
\"They call me Shae\"...\"Shae Butta\".
The end of an era. Just removed my email account from my phone and computer. Six years have gone by so fast.
When I'm on top of the world I'll remember everyone that was there for me.
To see a nigga get runover tonight. Aint that some shit
Bench players talking like starters I hate it
when you look at phone and it says \"Get up now bitch*
Im a piece of shit it aint hard to fuckin tell
May you find peace in all things you touch. May your energy only attract people you'll come to love, and may your heart be content with it.
Another victory for the CEBA, days like today are hard to come by.
I can't stop laughing at the pole dancing scene . Joseline &amp; Steevie play all day .
Drug dealer is the best card game
The fact that my uncle told me I look like a porn star than tried to play it off as a compliment.. Uh
I've started my to do list before I leave New York.... It's getting pretty long ugh
So excited for the
Is VM what I think it is
So it's looking like I'm not going to see my family again today this is starting to get old fast I can't keep doing this
I have a paper due tomorrow and I'm barely starting it now.
I'm just standing for what I believe, basically don't be a hypocrite
Don't Expected To Talk Shit And Don't Have Me Say Anything Because Believe Me I Have A Mouth On Me (: Okay Pumpkin?
Watching the Bet Award PreShow
I shouldn't eat right now, but I'm starving
Most white boys im cool with Like Black Girls
Left standing! Incredible stuff.
pretty excited to see flooded Minneapolis this week
YALL WOULDNT HAVE YOUR FAVORITE SONGS WITHOUT PHARELL
There is really no man out there that deserves me. All I want to do take care of another human being and make them feel like they matter
do I follow a literal pimp like is that a thing and how do i join that scene
Two things I hate about summer. Tourists and cyclists. Move the fuck over.
If you understand my Catcher In The Rye references, you can touch the booty. L
My and dashea are always the only people on the bus.
Hey kid from gym class who made fun of me all year, no I don't want to be friends with you on Facebook
Theres a blind guy at my gym. What the hell is your excuse?
Growing up, I was spongebob.\n\nNow I'm squidward. Lmao
I hate when people ask me a multitude of questions and do not explain why they do so.
THAT WAS ALL BALL
Una rusa que te ponga confusa
Grandma I dare you to get snappy one more time with me I will drop kick you
So where's Landon Donovan at, oh that's right he's off the team
Lou likes to dance on my face
These woods are lovely, dark and deep, But I have promises to keep,\nAnd miles to go before I sleep, \nAnd miles to go before I sleep
Bitches always tryna start problems.. smh
I'm so ready to go on
I HAVENT HAD RIBS SINCE 'NAM
I wish I could unsend texts
you look fat in your two piece consider a one piece
I realized a lot this weekend
If tonight is like the last four nights I will possibly accidentally \"fall\" into the garbage disposal.
oh shit why he comin for rick ross like that
Got a haircut, ready for Pride weekend!
Don't hate the player, hate the game
If you don't shower at least once a day, I judge you.
Don't tell me you're sorry cause your not
Im doing me
eerie old lady on train and a lot of eye contact
After about 10 seconds of exposure has sworn off the Yo app forever.
I'm a nice guy and all but pleasssee do not test me. Just don't.
Still at the airport - JetBlue says two days to get a seat - so I am going with USAir ....
Boy, this is going to be exciting. Go Germany
Your super cool bro like really wow
Tryna catch a Taxi but none of them willing to drop me off in the hood smh
3 things on my mind daily God. Creating. Death. Funny how things come together
\"You can trust me! I'm Jewish.\" -
Ay check what time u take my test tomorrow.
I'm so good at predicting shit on TV shows
Whats up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up, with them girls I dont get it your a star love! ~From Time Drake
Scratching ur balls in public is the sign of ultimate manliness
Just woke up outta nowhere mad hungry wish I had something from the chicken spot too bad I don't live in bk
Didnt think anyone would take Asik's contract. But i will be DUMBFOUNDED if someone takes Lin's...
Some people do not cherish what they have honestly.
Who has a pool and wants to go swimming right now
Like, why lie about shit that's so small?
Can't Wait To See What Jose Has To Say About This One.. !
it's time for me to log off
Don't tell me you know what it's like because you won't until you've been through it
I really want to know what the marriage of two marriage counselors is like. Is it perfect?? Do they theorise?? What goes on?? I need answers
Oh but you have my back though right ? Smh yall bitches fufu
I go into a relationship thinking its gonna be my last tbh, no time for temporary shit
The crafts in the education section of Pinterest make me want to be an el. Ed teacher, until I remember I have no patience for crafts
And rachel has found the access to my twitter.
Now I'll feast because I have no life
3 days later and I still feel like shit
Are the German shirts customized for each match? Nice idea.
people let other people make them too sad
What's the point of celebrating if your kid mentally cannot do anything.
I've dreaded this day.......let's go ....let's go ....I don't know what to do...
Dad is talking about how Britney and Justin's baby would have been the best reproduction in the world and how Jessica Biel sucks, ily dad
N Y C L I F E
Oh boy a weekend of tweets about , unfollow unfollow unfollow
It amazes me how I survive all the hours I work on so little sleep lmao
I dare someone to say messi sucks, cause you're dumb as hell
HAHAHA LAUGHING SO HARD AT THAT VINE
I am a character. That's who I am and that will never change.
It's ok to take the champagne this time the Heat aren't coming back
The only way you really close to me if you a girl is if you call me jay all the girls that don't aren't
Don't think about it too much, this is more than just a new loss for you
Tomorrow isn't promised. Where's the fun in forever? \nCelebrate.
crazy when you blow off all your plans to do one thing &amp; then it doesn't even happen. Unreliable people.
Lol ion think India got a boob job y'all ridiculous
windows tinted, white girl all in it.
I rly don't even like daughtry wake me up when the goo goo dolls start
\": I really need to sleep..\"
Come on lemme get ya name (;
Hang in there, it gets better
If real life hit her she wouldn't know what it was, she only love sex, money, and drugs
Watching while reading the book.
Wow get me the fuck back to school please and thanks
\": I feel like I've stepped into the \" you pretty much have man
I'm giving FX's Tyrant a chance. First 10 minutes in I already have a kill list.
My a\/c broke and my fans not cool enough
I would love that! RT maybe someone will come up with a biometric sports bra
I'm the stupidest person ever for saying no to this trip
Goofy ass nigga trynna fly with no wings. Stop it.
So pissed off rn.
Maybe I'm taking this job thing too seriously lol
35 seconds. Spain needs to learn from the US of A!
Catching up on Google I\/O news. What are now witnessing between Google and Apple is a case study in the beauty of capitalism.
The pain has gone to my knees again. This is unbearable
Being told that you're important to someone is a nice feeling
can somebody who's not a fucking asshole talk to me lol
Never been so happy to stand in the US Citizen line at the airport
Lil freak lick around my dick with ya tongue ring
Wifey hooked up Del Posto for bday dinner. Amazing so far... &lt;3
Is it just me that has no service
I GET BITCHES I GET BITCHES I GET BITCHES
Send in your applications to be Nick Cuccaro's nerdy girl. Required to eat big bags of candy with me and let me play with your boobs.
Sooooooo no good night text from anyone??? Cool. Goodnight twitta!!!
I would rather cry tonight then even bother to hold it in
I hate when people don't snap chat back
Finally watching 22 Jump Street, yessss
Thank you goddddd
\"Let's just do drugs and forget about how everything else sucks\"
I don't care why Shia went off in cabiet that shit ain't g. Do the shit at a waka flocka concert then we'll see how g he is
Couldnt do it to yall again disregard that snap
Mississippi bound .
lol i act like food is life but it really aint.
Out of all My Brothers I'm the Youngest it's crazy but I Love have 7 older Brothers...
Flopping is pussy
I really don't do well when I'm in a bad mood
I'm just up high and tired but can't fall asleep..
Am I the only one who thinks Amber Riley is a better singer than Jennifer Hudson
Going to wash my face for an hour and pray the ugly goes away
And my bed without a snoring whore in it
omg leo my precious cutie ilu can i just marry u
Sware i get no days off
I don't see why Ozone and Turbo fuck with her.
0 inhibitions, dancing alone in the kitchen
come come come to me, look what you've done to me.
Maybe I'm crazy because I'm surrounded by crazy
I know you don't want to hurt me , but whatever the end game is, I will still get hurt
I'm hella stupid that's why ha
Just passed by Stanford aka just passed by my dreams and goals
It's easy to impress people if they have low expectations.
Literally, you couldn't pay me to take a Greyhound bus ever again.
What the fuck happens to Serria vista elementary
I actually like when I'm sick and my throat is like dry I guess and I drink lemon and salt, like it feels good but sour
0- what kind of question is that OF COURSE HE IS
First day was a success at the Bergenfield Summer Music Workshop at RWB and Operation: Oboe\/Bocal Majority camp at BHS!
you've never smoked a thing in your life JUST STOP
este partido es mas aburrido que ver al sport huancayo entrenar
I get out of work in 37 minutes and I've never been so excited in my entire life
\"Know what's sad? He's 35 years old and still living with his parents\" - Sean talking about Kingston
Perfect night for a cruise on the bike
Entonses La Vida Eh Haci '
hahaha lil fucker ran into me and dropped his drink
I love judge judy and the peoples court. They raised me
yo he throwing hella shots lol
\"Heat on grill or stove until hot\" best heating instructions ever
not in the mood for any shit
CLINT DEMPSEY!!!!!!!! Holy shit that was hot!
Also 9\/10 times you ever see me driving I will be singing air drumming or both
Everyone's been in a long relationship and then there's me single my whole life
Ruiz is up, i have his imotm
I've made my decision. is cruel. It's sick. way to confront her.
Don't go too far, stay who you are
I fucking love Sean Paul ...more then I love pittbull
I've finally finished watching every episode of friends from start to finish. So sad it's over.
Today was such a boring day
Repubs asking \"Why do brown people keep calling me racist?\" reminds me of an article \"Why do gay men keep sucking my cock?\"
um why is Dora stuck in my head..
Best coach Greg pop
Praying that my professor decides to cancel class the next two days and give us all As on the final
.8.0 earthquake off the coast of Alaska
Always good playing against the bruh
I really don't care who wins this game lol
Dicen como tu no te peinas, te peino yo
If I hate anything. It's mopping floors. Industrial floors to top it of.
Somehow there's always a pile I clean laundry on my bed that I'm too lazy to put away, so I just Sleep on it....
Holy shit USA
HAHA OH SHIIIIT THE TABLES TURN!
I stay up until 2 or 3 and wake up around 11-12...wth?
Wow can we get a break. First altidore now they break our captains nose
boom boom boom lemme hear you say wayo
My mamas hobby is talkin shit to me.
You made me feel like your only side chick and I liked it
Who do you think you are fooling?
Blake griffin is better then Lamarcus Aldridge
Goal already !!!
Lol beasly just got cut up
Ya \"Go All Out\" Getting Fake Gucci Belts Sagging Dumb Hard To Show Off Your Ralph Lauren Briefs And Still Get No Play.
It's been awhile since I laughed with Chris Rock
Why do I have so many lines of certain movies memorised like how do I have room in my brain for these things
Jo si nje shok por shum me shum
You look sexy on that motorcycle ;)
Im so heated bro . Dont hit my phone
But how are you supposed to feel, really, when all your worst fears, things you'd never even imagined could happen, actually do happen?
and with this feeling i'll forget\n\ni'm in love now
What the hell happened to rock and roll? Eyeliner? Energy drinks? And no guitar solos? I've taken shits with bigger rockstars than that.
This is why i'm better off alone.
I decide to try to be healthy and my mom decides to get every unhealthy thing from the store.
Sometimes I think is the only one who appreciates me
i just wish i had my house w my room &amp; my own fucking space again.
Just cuz it is the 4th of July does not mean you HAVE to go to the beach... Especially when it's pouring outside, but I guess that's just me
That's what I do when I'm trying to spell it
What do all y'all muthafuckas got direct tv cause it's all 6:07 and y'all talkin bout the whole damn sho already
Man I'm tryna lift too fuck
It's time to fuck up my sleeping schedule
I legit think I scare people at the gym because I actually sweat when I workout and look completely unattractive
I do t fuck with most of the kids I use to kick it in high school with
It doesn't matter how many people tell you you're beautiful, if you don't believe you are.
C'mon boys lets win this!
On Insta likin all his pics. Double tap his selfie cause I want his dick.
VANDERBILT WON!.....still lost the SEC championship game to LSU tho.....
New York I think I need a break from you..... Soon
It's like you're a woman and a boy and a man and a trans and a genderqueer? Reeeeeeally.
Not even tired but there's nothing else to do
Staffing forces SJPD to postpone mandatory POST training for its officers until end of August, like CPR and other professional training.
its kinda terrifying seeing the people you used to be closed change so much.
who needs a record player when u have finger nails
I'm glad I don't need make up on to feel pretty
When you speak, speak from the heart, or your words will only touch the ears of another, not where they feel sincerity.\n\n
Letttt it goooooo, let it goooo you all look like my butthole
I'm finally emerging from the stone age and obtaining a small air conditioner just in time for the mid 90s that are coming tomorrow.
By the time I get off, my hands are guaranteed to be coveres in paint...
Now we speeding down the west side hand creepin upper left side
About Lil wayne performance... like it...
Didn't get carded at the liquor store
went to watch netflix but decided to play Tetris Battle instead because i still haven't chosen anything to watch
I'm just sobbing on this plane. I really might miss vidcon.
Im hype &amp; u can't kill my vibe
I'm sorry but if Jacobs voice was just a regular voice why do I have to change my underwear every time I hear him sing?
Beautiful RT Staying at same hotel as German team.US fans just woke up hotel with chants till scattered by police.Well done
This little white girl is like beyonce dark..! Like daaaaayem
How did I get a mosquito bite under my watch
I just wanna go on a walk like is that too much to ask for
PSA: I'm one of those women who works for an agency who doesn't pay for my contraception due to my gender &amp; religious beliefs.
The boiler in our hotel is broken. World record showering is happening all over the building
I have one on my elbow &amp; it swollen!
why r there twelve half-filled bags of raisins in my fridge ????
3 hour car ride so someone text me
I'm so nervous to find out if I failed or passed this regent no one understands
Never knew my pops was a soccer fanatic.
CHARACTERS WHO ARE TOO RIGHTEOUS TO BE TOGETHER EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE MADE FOR EACH OTHER UGH
I'm the biggest brat ever. Everything has to go my way and it has to be perfect. It's so sad
Why does my mom call me all my brothers and sisters names before getting mine right
Been sleeping all day. I ain't even tired
My last tweet was taken in incorrectly lmao
Need special arctic water
TNA can't wait for R Truth to get released so they can put him in the HOF too!
moes and bluff for Megan adventure day
Bitches really dress wild this time of year
valley girls giving blowjobs for Louboutins. what you call that? head over heels.
I mean no one was really out so it wasn't as embarrassing as it potentially could've been lmao smh
Ainnnn green card...vem nimim!!!
well then if that was the case why not tell me to fall back
Happy Pride Weekend, y'all. Party safe!
Now in just crazy. In totally mad. I'm just crazy. Fucked up in the head.
You gotta million dollar apt. But ya fridge is older than Washington. .. smh
my idea of exercising is jogging around my pool a few times
So emotional right now. I'm listening to Kem &amp; Anita Baker, thinking about what could be.
Don't watch The Fault In Our Stars on your own. Especially when alone in a big city! Amazing film.
Allyfro up in this bish for one more night b4 vaca
lmfao how you gon ask who shot him like he really finna know
Life without you would be like a universe with no stars.
All these tattoos on my skin they turn you on.
That guy dressed up as Teddy Roosevelt is my hero. Murca.
Happy inpendenci day, today 4 de julio \nFeliz dia de la independenciaa ;)
WELL MOM I GUESS YOU CAN JUST LEAVE THE COUNTRY
Literally don't understand what is going on this season of big brother you can't just change EVERYTHING guys
Omg don't nobody care about these lames..
I AM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW I AM SO CLOSE TO THE VAMPS HOLD ME
Keep your mind on your money and don't trust no bitch ...
Tired af but still worked out and went to school
Wine is Bottled Poetry - Robert Louis Stevenson I couldn't agree more Mr. Stevenson
Im just chillin here while jorge is smoking, talk to me guys
HE WAS ON SIDE!!!!
Salty I didn't get to share that experience with you, even if it was months ago.
all I can say about that yayo remix is damn.
Tim Howard is the man!
I've never had a Krispy Kreme donut though
No hay peor error que cometerlo dos veces.
Lol you said you wanted me to stay up...smh
And if loving you is a crime, then tell me why do I bring out the best in you
I love the Sloss Minor record. Power pop is not dead.
Dad was like tf how ypu know this shit ?xDD
Nothing makes you feel more old than realizing that you just overslept and chose getting to your first meeting on time over morning sex.
Pls don't talk to me about Michael doing the sweater hands thing bc I'll probably cry
TAYLOR WILL BE HERE IN LIKE 20 MINUTES
Y'all ain't know jay beating the shit outa bey tho
This mosquito bite on my face sucks
We used to be friends &amp; even back then you would look at me with no hesitation and you'd tell me, \"Baby it's yours, Nobody else's\"
I HAVE A 93.25 AVERAGE OMG YES IM PROUD
Favorite thing to do at work is scout employees and draft them love lookin for dedicated talent
Hope I can go my hair done this Saturday instead of Tuesday
There is no such thing as tailgating in Manhattan. It's just the way people drive.
I'm my work hard play hard shit right now
Take off her clothes &amp; do the honors .
They don't know what hit em
Thunderbolt! Report to me at once.
I love tayler and hayley so much they are amazing
I just want to lay in bed, cry, watch tv, and eat cereal for a month without leaving my room
Don't wanna get outta work ):
I wish it was summer all year round
JP and Lexie are singing on the way home. Its cute.
I just want to be happy for once
That feels so good!
Alright guys lets be honest for a moment.. I'm probably nicer to Austin than I am to Karalyn. Unless Karalyn and I are picking on Austin
Labraya just reported this girls videos on Instagram private because she doesn't like her
Wow 7 years ago I didn't have boobs
If kd was on the Knicks ball would be life
\": defensive sub late in game only.\" We can only hope. I DO NOT WANT HIM REGULARLY IN THE LINEUP! I cant let him
Just emailed someone telling them \"I was away from my desk all day\" ... That's usually code for 'playing golf.' Sadly, not today.
\": BUMBOCLAAT GOAL !!!\" !!!!!
any opinions? everyone feels the same way? ok, great.
Is it just me, or is the the only with the FEMALE voice announcing train times?
I have trust issues like a Mf
If we were rooting for World Cup matches based upon quality of food, we'd be pretty disappointed by Costa Rica defeating Greece.
Got a jeep...and Kim is over here like no you didn't....hurt my feelings Bruuh
I'm so surprised I'm burnt for sitting in the sun for 20mins....said no redhead pale person ever.
I can't do long distance relationships.
I heard Boko Haram kidnapped 60 toddlers... Toddlers for God sake
I lalalalallalalaloveeeeee you but shhh it's a secret.
Text me for plans, fellow graduates
Francesca just took the mattress off her bed and put in the other room but left the bed frame
Wow Lebron off of pArker and Parker goes off lol
6 mo ago emerg unemp stopped. Now fastest job growth in history (Obama). Libs said people would be starving not working.
Lye down with me and hold me in your arms.
Adoro el verano, puedo dormir 24 hrs !!!!!
Mom get out of the fucking bathroom so I can fucking shower I really don't want to deal with anymore of your shit.
That's it, high school's over for me. Took my last final exam yesterday night. Now for graduation and it's all officially over.
Out nd abouttty
4 DAYS IS LIKE NOTHING HOLY CRAP
someone in my house drank all my pineapple juice, I'm lividdddd.
I love living in new york but I feel like I belong somewhere else .
Price of a championship is going down! Just ask the spurs
Life will be complete if the Devs draft Brendan Lemieux
we came full circle, it ended right where it started
Hanging with the devil is a solo performance
Idk why my name is such a fucking problem for every one holy shit HOP OFF
Jk, I can't tweet anything deep with this derpy default pic.
Only been in San Francisco for 5 hours and I'm already loving it!
Does it feel hot to anyone else or is it just me??
It would be great if both Rollins and Reigns both win their MITB matches.
Now This is the SanAntiono Spurs that are the finals champions!
I thought it was going to be a much bigger cut
I need a frappe right now,but I'm on a \"diet\"
There's nothing better to watch than anime....not even porn.
Praying to a sky all black\nLooking at the stars like they finna talk back
drive me crazy, then youu drive me home
You're a handsome hippie therefore ily
my nose will be the death of me
First time in the last few years that I have not spent in a hot wooden box. Today is my ! Yay me!
Every time I park far.... it rains and I have a lot to carry lol
Nice hit, Sexy Beast ! Now, will Boyfriend score?
When the sun starts to go down is my favorite part of the day( :
if you don't go to happy hour after you work did you really work?
Bron still the best tho
Just why can't humans be a tiny bit better.
A huge group of diverse gay men all dressed in the same cute outfit ugh so CUTE
Waking up early is not going to make me a happy camper
I love when girls like my truck
Sounds like the Rangers got a nice reception in Philly tonight.
MESSI BABY GOL !!!!!!
Sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe, waiting 90 days wont make you a wife, cute pics dont mean u r happy &amp; having a title dont make it real
to buy free runs or not ?
Idc how old I get I love rolling up in my covers like a caterpillar lol
I'm so happy I went to ono's saw my dream car
Tonight is killer. Caviar and vodka and oysters and cocktails and omggggg. Thanks for this amazing evening.
Lmaooo the memes just started
The feeling of getting a tattoo literally makes me wanna go to sleep lol is that normal? I be hella drowsy haha
\"I love you. You make me feel like I'm watching a new David Fincher trailer for the first time.\" - how I want to be proposed to
USA USA USA !!!!!!!
\"I just can't believe this shit at all\"
My boy is gonna kill it tm night in his first mma fight, no need to wish him goodluck.
\"if the female dies, it counts as rape\" sounds exactly like an actual quote and not a strawman made by anti-feminists.
\"I'm in the arms of my first love\"
GOD is NOT a man that He should lie!
Id take R. Kelly over any modern singer
Someone bring me some food plz
Yes honey yessssssssssssssssssssssssss
I wanna do something productive but im so lazy
Duda &gt; Ike; Drew not hitting, Tejada w\/ good OBP; CY has 3 HR in 2 days; Grandy on fire - must feel good to be Sandy Alderson right now.
Neymar fuera de la copa gracias al sendo rodillaso del colombiano :----)
I'm about 95% sure I'm finally getting my hair done this weekend !!!(:
fruit loops at night are the best fruit loops
Ghana is playing aggressive lol
Those heels killed my feel lastnight. But I sure did look cute in them so it was totally worth it lol.
\": 'This is so different from the control system'\". Actually and not as great but still dope!
Who needs ?!! I get all my drama from the .
There actually are some decent people in this fucked up world
The way society makes people feel about how they look is just awful. Who cares how much you weigh or what color you are? Just be you.
Just got pulled over for \"violating the hands-free law\" because I was licking an ice cream cone
26 years old and still can't sleep at a decent time...my insomnia is becoming more of a chronic thing
Being a lump of shit on Netflix is 100x better then being bored to death by you
I feel like everyone is tryna find someone to text right now lmfao
LAST DAY OF BIO I MUST BE DREAMING
The behind the scenes whisperings of Zelda
when the last time you did something for the first time?
Dinner with Having Mongolian Grill. It's good.
hey mexico and all other losers in soccer..you just have to wait 4 years for revenge..that's all
Our fishies are going to get jealous because we're spending so much time with the new lizard and not them
Anybody got pancake mix
I know y'all saw that bang
So I saw Fred Armisen perform stand up last night @ the Comedy Cellar . Unexpected and awesome
Julian Greene time!!!
New drinking game: Every time they mention Landon Donovan not being on the team take a shot
My dad swear he young lmao
Just sent Kirk the saddest possible face on the planet because he's a fucking pussy
Stiles like dont u kno the meaning of hit it and quit it
New York City, the city which drains your phone's battery faster than any other.
Wtf was that
I love how the throbbing pain in my fcking big toe is not allowing me to sleep rn
Think I just burned three fingers fml
Something wrong. I hold my head.\nMJ gone, our nigga dead!
Lol I can fasho take a hint. Gotchu.
My summer has been 10% awesome, 90% shit
I am notorious for falling asleep during movies...aka right now.
Last retweet your a joke
Rudy reminds me of Luis from loll
Damn. They only guy I actually like
We should have brought Donavon .... We need him now ... With alitdore hurt ...
Anddddd here we go again!!! The cruelest part of the game! PK shoot out time!
While you all sleep little fucking bugs crawl on you. And stare at you. And molest you. Goodnight
Molly and that whiskey , that's Monica Lewinski
Heard you not the type that you take home to mom \nIs we fuckin when we leave the club or nah
ASDHJKLAFGHT!!!! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
What channel dose the fosters come on direct TV
I'd @ him for ya, but I think I've done enough damage.
They don't love you no more
Death and a vacuum are very much alike. They both suck.
TCNJ practice the day after my graduation party...this should be fun.
Why did I never try blueberry bagels before?
When your mom talking about you with her friends and you're in the same room.....
Cleaning my iPhone homescreen is as rough as cleaning my room.
when mr bund tells u u got above a 90 on the regents
Dreams about laundry tons of laundry
He's never gonna leave me you cow. Quit being such a jealous bitch, and get over it. You look dumb.
\"You haven't even eaten your banana yet you're just sucking it\"
Sentir tu apoyo es una de las formas de hacerme sentir cuanto me amas.
Deep down I know this will never work but you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt
\"If quantified self doesn't leave Silicon Valley, it really doesn't do us any good\" - at
Baby hairs all over my face and it's tickling my face can you not
females who can actually sleep comfortably with a bra on are so SUS
Its like all the Ghanaians in NY are in ONE BAR.
Ohhhhhhh ginobli wilin!!
How long does it take to beat Gone Home? finally downloaded it and I'm going home to NY tomorrow. SEEMS LIKE AN APPROPRIATE TIME.
Slept like a baby
Level 29 of Candy Crush is killing me.
Chase Whitley just giving up rockets so far. Been fortunate.
I act different because I'm stronger now
so many beautiful specimens watching this Ghana vs USA game right meow, I just can't.
Kawhi Leonard, who lost his father a few years ago, is playing for more than a Championship tonight.
why does it gotta rain on July 4th
\"When you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up but you gotta search within you,you gotta find that inner strength\"
I hate fake people like keep that away from me.
if what we had was real how could you be fine?
Wish death on your whole family if you ever lie to me
Your startup solves a big problem. But your solution creates other small problems. Know what they are and how to mitigate them.
TGIM. Thank god its Monday! !!\n
Brueggers has red white and blue bagels lets hoooooppp
Should I watch the World Cup or Babard?
Musically I think I've created a ridiculous hook. I want my stuff 2b hot! I'm not tryna hear no one say \"u shld a did this or tht\"
I couldn't tell you why I do some of the shit I do ..
Just got done watching Sundays bro v bro luv that show especially all the eye candy
\nproud of you
I wish I never let watch 8 mile
the traffic in santa clarita makes me wanna cut a bitch
I keep trying to listen to the album as a whole but I keep repeating tenerife sea its so captivating and beautiful
The older I get the younger I realize I am
Can't fucking believe I actually woke up and came to school this early b smh
Why the Fuck do people \"juice\" their food? Just eat that shit. You think cutting 31 calories gonna make you skinny? GTFOH
I thought high school was over? Lol
I may be crazy but I know it's the right thing to do
jacob got swag
Rockaway Taco appears to be unanimous.
Great save Tim Howard
my sister asked if the tweets about the bitches behind me were on my private, &amp; I said no bc I literally don't care if they see it
I'm so excited for this hot dog competition
This loves enough for you. This loves enough for me. Why can't we overcome this gravity?
they all got they hands up \ncus they fuck with me hands down
I have sooo many friends I consider as close ones it's hard to keep in touch with them all as much as I try.
I'm not scared of what will happen, I'm scared of what never will.
Back when I was in highschool....
I'm still not over it, 30 more seconds that's all
L Train is down. GO USA!
It's pouring and people r showing up to the beach in their bathingsuits
Dempsey!!!! Too good
Who knew that the store at the end of my street sold bongs, beer AND porn
I should never enter a store when I'm upset
I'd definitely go D1 for beer pong
On my way to my second home...
So bounce was popular for like a week
\": Snapchat \"best friends\" will get you in trouble.\"
just remembered im dying my hair tonight *tear
omg I h8 kids so much
Makes me so happy that my Nino finally is comfortable expressing his gay sexuality. I love him. Admire him.
I swear every night around this time my phone wants to start actin up
Seen my son Kay An Kurr at Monroe thr bro nem
Headed to show, have to keep posted about via Twitter! Hopefully Flyers make some sweet moves!
Met shot guy but he's turning 20 ugH
Goooood morning, it's game day USA!
At least 2 months without one hah.
Sike af, there is no such thing as homie shit anymore
I wish I knew how to take selfies
Me and syd have accomplished our goal of everyone thinking were dating yaaaaaaaaas
lol k cool thanks bye
Haven't seen a movie in forever
Regardless win or lose you go down with your squad lebron just got me mad on some coward shit
My dad really doesn't know when to just shut up and be proud I'm doing something with myself
it's cool when you live like right next to a nuclear power plant and you get an \"civil emergency\" warning on your cell phone
SIMPLY THE BEST COUNTY
Ohkay I'm sorry but straight men should not wear lightweight \"fashion\" scarves ever.... Or really any kind of scarf
Nothing is more relaxing then being able to stay at the beach all day and all night everyday drinking beer and hanging with family
Sometimes I feel as if I'm surrounded by idiots
There's a player named Socratis playing this game. So much win.
Tell that bitch we don't want no sex, tell that bitch eat eat
oh hell no nOBODY MAKES MY SONY ANGRY I WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS
You just rocked Bedford ave
always feeling some type of way
I hav way too much ambition and am too intelligent to b stuck where im at right now. Need to start being proactive and make some changes
What's a boy to do when he gets home but order some cheap Chinese food.
I think I got to sync my body clock correctly. Time to work on waking up early to jog.
Cause you're a good girl and you know it
wtf are poppers
Plane struck by lighting = A whole new noise I didn't know I could make! It's quite normal apparently, the lightning, not the noise.
why hair cut its so f...k..ing expensive $15.
Can't always be miracles, friends. Let's hope D-No is okay.
I haven't seen Leah in a whole day and um well that's not okay
Noones there for you at the end
It's only a matter of time
That one Prince Royce song slap lol
\"All I can say is I love you , and hope that Changes something\"
Lmao I knew there was a catch to cenas 15th title
i dont even know who this guy on ghana is but his hair is cool
I mean the best penis I've had came frm 2 skinny niggahs and that's only cause they were big ... I couldn't even handle the penis lol
I'd rather be single for the rest of my life then date anyone just to be in a relationship.
No one is MAKING us sin or recant our faith over here in America. The nation is in debt but you wouldnt know it by looking at us, and yet...
I'm so torn too
I'm not a net fan but Jason Kidd is a prick
I can't get mad over a nigga that ain't mine but I could slap a bitch for Tryna be funny !
yessss\": A real woman wants a man to take control in the bedroom.\"
The Bible tells us not to fear any .
Shhh phones not on airplane mode
Tbh I'll be in practice clothes this whole week
Camp is fun. I'm the only American surrounded by British people and now I'm picking up an accent!
I want you to fight for me, always. Even if it's me giving up and saying goodnight too early.
you can take your words and all your lies
Suga, suga how'd you get so fly?
where it's @ tonight besides NRG
Hi I like your pic minus the bitch in the back. K.
That's the way to start the game!
TELL ME HOW I CAN MISS SO MUCH BUT IVE NEVER MET HER?!?!
$12.50 for Broadway mall movie theater WITH RECLINING CHAIRS. Definitely coming here from now on
Ohh ight he did
(23) Tommy Robredo def. Lukas Lacko 7-6, 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 in the 1st round of .
After I take this damn drug test I'm smoking a shit load to blunts!!!!
What the hell is this post-bachelorette show ? I'm uncomfortable
Worst thing about this pain is that doctors asked me to draw less... to rest my body for a week+...U all have no any idea how hard that is
JJ Abrams for VII, Rian Johnson for VIII. Who's on your Ep. IX wishlist? My pool: Alfonso Cuaron, Edgar Wright, Gareth Edwards, Guillermo..
I definitely wasn't hugged enough as a child
What the fuck come on
Actually I got a 66
I really despise when people say shit like, \"oh, now you like soccer?\" Fuck off, who cares. Let people bandwagon and root for
Thoughts that get me through an 11-hour shift: \n\"I packed a great lunch!\"\n\"Remember how liberating taking off my bra will be afterwards...\"
my new son
how does one study
I SHOWED MY SISTER A BUNCH OF FAKE SNAPCHATS AND SHE THINKS I KNOW THE BOYS BC OF THEM LOL SNNAMDKSKSJSJSOWKDNSN
So many girls acting like they are genuinely interested in soccer because of the World Cup
Anyone else re watching the end if today's game on ?!
Bring on the rain and thunderrrrrrrr
Huberts really Mexican ! he just denying he got really mutha Fucken burnt
Solely based on watching, soccer players plead for the most unnecessary attention for the most minimal injuries\/ boo boos
Krista if you don't call me back in 5 min I will assume you died and call 911
Sam makes me feel bad when in reality she pissed at the whole class rip
We all know you a fuckin liar lmfaoooooooooooo
I love Quentin Tarantino movies
Jermaine jones is the dude
Ugh I have zero tolerance for petty\/immature people. Grow the fuck up and stop playing games.
Shut up... have a cup of water and chill out
Spurs are just dominating the life out the Heat
you can't trust a bitch that don't smile with her teeth.
I wonder how long it would take me to run to Courts house
I know its Americas Day, but Lets go Germany!
Louie V chucks, no love for sluts
I could honestly cry right now,never been so annoyed &amp; upset..
Party all the time party all the time party all the time
What motivates me? The simple fact that GOD believes in me.
I need to get a job and stop looking at all this silly shit on twitter
Republican analogies are the Worst! Alan West \"Iraq (Now)is 100 times worst than Cambodian killing fields\" cause of Pol Pot Obama
this shitty weather has got to stop
Currently reading: Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
the speech jammer app is so entertaining!
5 months after listening to the same song I realize I've got the lyrics all wrong. Why do artists insist on singing things weird?
Bosh and wade not dead ass ???
Windy days like this make me glad that I always wear shorts under skirts.
Wtf! Why are people spelling \"babe\" ...bae ?!? Like go back to school wtf
No joke, my highlight was the 75 minute Harold team history lecture by Will Hines and Chris Gethard.
lo que fue ya no sera!
The other person who lives in my apartment is playing the ukulele very poorly and slowly driving me insane.
I just bet my college counselor if I don't get a 3.4 first quarter I have to shave my head...
JB and Selena are back togetherrrr yas
\": lol lol too heavy for morning na and I'm not having a hangover!\" Ahhh...i understand now
acabei de criar mais um user de ahs palmas
esse gol do messi
Just started on the living room. There's popper and lube in here too... But this time it's mine.
I do not understand so many things
Can I please go out tnnn
Son I wanna go to pio pio
Staying in bed and watching Netflix
baths are great when you feel like poop
Can I just excuse myself from this ?
A few more hours left in NYC and then i fly home.been a grdat holiday except for finding out my unit has been burgled
Rick ashley will let you borrow any movie in his collection all but one. Never gunna give you up.
I had one of shittiest weekends ever
girlllllll it's not my fault I'm better than you
Good job Wade
Believing that people are genuinely nice will be my greatest downfall..
The fact that now has hash flags makes my day
Everyone got me to start smoking again and see where it left me? Eating a bag of chips and salsa to my face.
*At park*\nLittle girl: My name is Brianna Guess how old I am\"\nMe: 7\nHer: WAAAAY OFF YOU CRAZY?\nShe was 8!!!!
I had no idea Tyson chandler left the Knicks smh
Di maria is pure class
Need to learn to trust my gut more, cant stand when I knew the answer to a test n let someone talk me out of it
Feel like the referees are all on the US side
Mom why are you vacuuming the whole house rn...
I'm telling myself ima wake up and go to the gym in the morning... We will just have to wait and see haha
I seriously haven't been up this early sense the Friday before the last day of school.
Irina Dvorovenko ... Wow I see why not too many classical dancers are judges! She is not crazy about anyone. Lol!
I'm going to start using Foursquare
11:44 OJALA ME DEJE EL AVION BWAAAJAJJAJA
When Norwood came up i thought 'he's looking saucy, it's time for a homerun' but I never thought he'd actually hit one.
Why tf do i even try with you
Well goodnight waking up at 8 and getting ready for the game !!!!!!!
About to bubba gump it up
We aint afraid of any team lets get this W sunday ! vs ya se armo
Congrats to the Spurs though. They really weren't playing any games. They got what the wanted.
Love when my coworkers surprise me with breakfast
Either it's going to be completely dead at work today or super busy . Which one it will be . I don't know .
Stop looking for my girl ass out the bottom of her shorts.
Loving you makes me so sick I can't stand you
I'm about to hit da floor tonight but i'm fuckin tired ...
Ima just be a cold hearted bitch forever because your niggas are for everyone
Happy Birthday !!! Miss u girl &lt;3
Lmao Ronaldo's facial expressions are hilarious
And I am too lazy to go buy something
Wish you were my soul mate
I should have been born in the 20s
King George III wrote \"nothing important happened today\" in his diary July 14th 1776
I ain't showin nobody love anymore nigga.. It's a wrap for allat
Reckless without a reason.
I always come home from the river with way to many bruises that I cannot even explain
I'm not going to your graduation u conceded prick of brother smh
When your neighbors don't recognize you because you're wearing glasses
US IS GOING ISANE!!!
Early morning spinning, spa day, hanging with and dinner on the beach
kid cudi: have you ever been to heaven at night \n\nme: yeah rn
I may not know exactly who I am, but I know damn well who I wanna be
People using the internet to ask for money is actually panhandling...
Nobody wants to see your making out videos on fucking Instagram.
I think I wanna have a party for my birthday
It's interesting how so many people invest so much time in other people's lives
I've only been on one real date tbh
Wish I was watching the
\": I dont like alcohol\" I've never drank so I wouldn't know.
Forgot I had something due in english till 20 mintues ago. Stupid online classes
hey brandon snapchat me back
Stick to football Haley lol RT : Give credit where it's due. Brons an amazing athlete.
Reinstated my General Assistance welfare from the County of San Mateo.
I'm basically sore in every position except laying down.
The type of money that make a good girl wanna get slutty
I hope dwade don't opt out of his contract !
I PASSED AP BIOLOGY ALERT I PASSES AP BIOLOGY
I'M FREAKING OUT IT'S THUNDERING SO LOUD I'VE ALWAYS BEEN AFRAID OF THUNDER AND LIGHTNING
You can be so hot but if your personality is shit then so are you
Punched them in the face
I've got so much to look forward to
Love never felt so Good : ) and
Yo solo quiero ser feliz, pero cupido no quiere :((
I like shopping with my sister because she doesn't let me buy ugly stuff
Ang dami kong pasa. Yung totoo? Natulog lang naman ako a
I just wanna be Shailene Woodley.
Newsies closing to me is heartbreaking. I'm honestly in shocked disbelief.
They said \"all over\" no it's not all over it happened one fucking time get a grip on your life and grow the fuck up.
ION WORK AT DA ZOO GET DIS MONKEY OFF MY BACK
Most of these niggas be bluffing they ain't getting no money
Sitting on the couch eating cookies because I don't know how to work the tv
Always trying to turn my music on before my car
teen wolf in ten minutes omg omg omg
:) + brunch + coffee + = I am in my happy place!
If you have sex you will never get married. Who wants to buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?
I woke up from a nap and you still a hoe
Wait wtf when did Doriano do guest vocals for Sylar? W O W I don't even notice anything. I should probably look at the band more often
Dolph ziggler 20-26 very good in ladder matches
why is try to sound like she from the hood when she from &amp; has an accent
Deliver us from evil looks so good deff gotta see it
Corporations are people. With free speech. And now they have religious beliefs.
We'll see who turn the fuck up tomorrow night. SOE vs. PCS
I'm off it in the party, she ride me like a Harley
Sometimes...\nThe person you want the most,\nIs...\nThe person you need the least
I've been notified by that Marcos Ambrose is actually 1st Mexican to win a NSCS race.
I neeeeed opportunity
His nose is definently broken
when people ask me how much i make at google im like... where's your common sense? you don't ask people how much they make the fuck
This has been the longest car ride ever.
I'd break my bones just to hear your name
This is my last tweet goodbye
The storm of our creation\nnow heading away\ninto the purgatory\nof you &amp; me\nWe fight with such regularity\npeople say\nwe must be married\n
Due to the nice lady next to me I held in every single fart on that plane. Lord help me.
Never any service in enclave. Why???
That broken nose though ..
The uniform looks like what The Fresh Prince of Bel-air would wear in the
Small world, met an incoming 1st year in my CPR\/First Aid recert. So excited to see her enthusiasm
Someone stay up all night with me
Happy Independence Day!\n\nAs the Fourth of July...
I have to go to the restroom but now Dempsey got me stuck at my seat smh
for all I know you could be talking to those \"hoes\" lmfao
Looking like one of those long sleepless nights full of every thought and feeling my mind can pull together
fuck yeah best day ever
Marty comin clutch, saved me 5$!
i honestly wanna watch anime rn but tired
I'm having a really bad anxiety attack right now ..
My dad has a weird obsession for little African Figurines lol
My momma has been sending me to do so much lately
Just start the Spurs parade cause it's over
Crazy going is I hate to see other people in need .. But I'll struggle before they do .. But the one time I say I need to keep some of my
Universal studios was boombbbb today. Had alot of fun.
Hooked up my music to the speakers that make my whole house shake and now me and my mom are having a dance party
Emily Hughes is the sassiest person I've ever met and I can't take it
I wanna make up right now now now, I wanna make up right now now now.
Teen wolf just keeps getting better n better each time
Just heard what I think was a manhole explosion on York Avenue and I don't think I need to hear that again.
Welcome to the island Dal Colle
+1 RT : People really don't understand just how much I hate talking on the phone.
Making a game with an actual budget feels fucking glorious.
If you don't like it bish suck it
My sister is so fucking annoying all she does is tell bevz stories like anyone that has met her will defend me on that one drag STFU
finally catching up on ~_~
\"You ever see anyone get blown out of a canon? You kids missed the good stuff\" ok dad
\": Real is so rare these days\"
As if two younger siblings aren't enough, my moms hosting two Russian boys for a week.... SOS
I remember I was vibing out and dancing and kept elbowing this dude on the head. He kept looking at my every single time hahahahah AWK
No les pasa que todo es flores y arco-iris hasta que el internet se pone lento y les dan ganas de matar a todos.
Dakota's either extremely funny and makes me laugh until I throw up or he isn't funny at all and makes me suicidal there's no in between
Heaven help the fool who did me wrong, it's too late, too bad, I'm too far gone
Tbh chase your dreams bc nothing is impossible once you put your mind to it.?
Can someone give me a ride home? I'm at brigettes.
Just met Tyne Daly. She seems lovely.
Main criticisms from the senior players were 's continued faith in , &amp; choice of headquarters for World Cup.
All I'm doing tomorrow is sleeping and laundry lol
Can't wait to see the spurs make the heat cry tonight
Who do you actually think you are lmao
Yea yea yea, booty is life but it don't matter if ya face is busted
That Eddie's Theme is too much and many memories\n
\"You deserve the kind of love you would give to someone else.\"
i can probably recite every word to Grease and The Breakfast Club
This bitch always tries to copy everything i do, wear, and errthang. Shits annoying
going to work looking like a bum...sorry kids
I would like to go for a cookout but the job call me
25 miles, 26 riders. Largest ride I've led yet. Great day out with the
What the heck is NICK wearing?
Even though I can't watch Teen Wolf qI know on here the episode will literally be typed out for me by everyone so no loss ;)
If Josh gets sent home, I'm auditioning for the next Bachelor
Drove on the freeway by myself for the first time today. Woooohoooo
You can't hit home runs unless you take big swings. Sometimes, you don't connect with the ball in show biz, either. Next!
Who goes shopping on the 4th of July?!? I mean, really???!???? Malls should be closed.
22 Jump Street! We are IN
Why is this bridge under construction again..
GOOOOOOOOL OH MY GOD DEMPSEY
Simply because they don't like with my opinions
It's no good unless it's real.
Some people, their breath come out of a warm place.
Holy fucking cars in my neighborhood
I wonder if churchville had its graduation
the story so far is going on soon gOODBYE
it's almost 3am why the fuck am i awake
We all have that one bossy friend ....
I wonder how many people wish I didn't have a twitter
That nigga going come back to the states and get dumb brain
I didn't see tonight's main event on because my cable box went out\n : ( OMFG\n\n
the fact that i am exposed to freshly baked pizza for five hours straight almost every day, and not 900 pounds is my greatest acomplishment
I'm so happy and grateful for feelings I can control.
Idk what's the point of Learning all these molecular formulas :-(
They telling me to change how I'm living but it's all I know
RT : This is great. McDaniel isn't giving up. MT : My interview this evening w\/Chris McDaniel
Do you remember what it felt to sincerely love?
DO YOU GUYS LIKE MY @ NAME
It's a metaphor, see You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.
Hershey's Spreads tryna steal Nutella's business
ruling a massive victory for the , religious freedom and unborn children.
If I ain't get to play a lot this weekend imma be pissed
How can you date someone who's a fitness nut, but your like 300 lbs!?
Anyone want to come over for FLIP CUP BRUNCH?
Why do I have to take my nail polish off to get my wisdom teeth taken out??
National champions for the first time! Congrats ! That was some series.
Where was this shoot out in the 2nd and 3rd qtr?!
*and R. Kelley pulls out his gun*
im awake and hungry and no one is home fuck
this is deadass the best boondocks episode so far all season
does tanning burn calories
Knew Costa Rica would win off of PKs
facetime when I'm gone, she give me dome from a distance
...thus, money must make people sick.
Done with dinner. Going times square later. Yayyyyy
Fuck it, Audi of Wallingford, here I come
\": you're full of secrets i'm dying to know about.\"
I just don't know what to say
Im down to sock my brother rn for bumping country music on our way home from vegas but im afraid he might crash
no upper body strength but I could probably crunch your skull with my thighs
but why is she wearing his american apparel underwear
Stop favorting my fucking tweets and leave me the fuck alone damn
Off the woodwork too.
... and we would cook cornmeal porridge, of which I'll share with you
I remember when I was tall back in like first grade
When the guy at the pizza place gives Nicole his number in a napkin&gt;&gt;
I swear there is a party every night in the upper east side like what
LOL I GUESS SAID IT'S TOO DARN HOT LET ME LOSE THE VEST BUT YOU STILL LOOKING DARN GOOD WITHOUT
LMFAOO , should I blow this niggas spot ?
I literally agree to any plans anyone tries to ever make with me because I know you're all flakes and I won't actually have to do anything
Can I ask why five seconds of summer release everything for the USA , Mexico , Canada etc , always last ? I want your music now !
fun fact: haven't bitten my nails since me and ainsley met cause she changed my life
4 vs 1 who do u think u are sam
John don't do this to me
PRETTY WHEN YOU CRY IS MY FAV SONG OFF THE ALBUM TBH
Amanda just put butter on her rice
Pandora is doing me so good rn.
Vee is too damn nice in Friday Night Lights... I'm still waiting for her to turn around and be a bitch.
3 day weekend! I haven't been off on the 4th in forever. Couldn't sleep in though. GERvsFRA coming up &amp; then cookout! HAPPY 4th of July!
I pray jhene performs and wins cause I fasho voted idc
Howard is a straight baller
\": Tickets for at on July 4th are now SOLD OUT! See you all there next week!\" Cannot wait
\": Lynsey and I are synced\"
NOW THAT WAS AWESOME.
if someone else has your attention too, i don't want your attention at all .
Dammit, I had a flaw in a tweet so I had to delete it. -.-
AM I THE ONLY INE WHO THINKS CODY FROM BIG BROTHER IS YOUNG JOHN TRAVOLTA HAHAHAHA
I just told a times sq Michael Jackson impersonator \"no\" &amp; he said that I was freaky????
Ajmo sad svi BOSNA
Gekas is probably getting yelled at in the locker room
Donnie mcclurkin and tamela mann my two choices
.I'm not a victim of violent gaming; I'm a survivor of violent gaming
Just because he is black
Say yes to the dress. but I'm not getting married ever so..
Currently taking some personal time to conduct career searches. Thank you all for continuing to follow ! YOU ARE APPRECIATED!
Im too sensitive and live in the past too much
No thats the game 5-0 son
Brian \"I looove lesbians , sweg\"
If you want to say something, then say it, because you might regret it if you don't.
YESSSSSSSS LETS GOOOO
Me preguntan porque no quiero ir a Ecuador y respondo, \"Esta lleno de un pilo de mamavergas que me buscan cuando quieren algo\"
Rip Micheal Jackson. U r truly missed
Isn't Gabapentin supposed to relax you why am I bouncing off the walls full of energy what is going on
Lebron look like he bout to cry on the bench
If my significant other exists somewhere out there yep
I forgive you for the truth, I liked you better when you lied
PUT SOMETHING ON MY STORY THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SENT TO MY COUSIN AND I JUST SAW NOW
Love 3 year schedule! Exciting! Love w\/ &amp; !
who wants to be reckless tonight w me!!!!!!
Nahhh... the last time was last year lol RT lol yeah yeah yeahhhhh...10 years ago
uno no cambia por nadie no se crean esa mentira.
Hate when I tweet straight gold and no one is awake to read it
why does this happen so much
Last night was one of the best nights ive had in a long time
He was on before? RT : This nigga nick fell off
Its crazy to me that quads husband is a psychiatrist and is such an idiot when it comes to relationships!
Jermaine I will never forget the strong impact you've had for so many members of our community, especially Jonas and Asa. We will miss you
Been waiting for this shit and I'm gonna miss it cause of fucking work
Good luck to as she takes on Blackberry Ridge Golf Course today!
Just saw one of Cuomo's sham, scam, slap in face to businesses \"tax free NY\" commercials. Barely kept my dinner down. What a farce.
Now mf's want to hit me up on some worried shit\n\nNow mf's wanna ask if everything's good\n\nFuck off
Tiene que decretarse un no se puede, o un imposible, para que lo sobrenatural de Dios intervenga y lo haga posible.
I will cut you out I don't care who you are if you will hold me and my family back. My parents have worked too hard for me to throw it away.
I love America
NYC I'M HERE
\"Hands held high, DREAMS reach higher..\" -
Pretty sure I just saw someone I used to train with on SYTYCD
How is it that Kat and I just needed to go to cvs for tampons and walked out with $70 worth of shit...
Holy shit that's how you start a match!
I am a firm believer in NyQuil.
Ah my legs feel like dolphins
I'm through fuckin with these bitchass bitches
Pinterest keeps me inspired and motived....how did i go through life without it
Can we go back in time to where my car would be able to fill up w $20?
Being woken up to a baby screaming is torture
Dempsey just got hit with some sweet chin music
Knowing that im 5 years behind where i planned to be life sucks. When will it turn around, ffs!
The real question is will my mom let me go to la by myself
I love that fact that my girlfriend can cook
\"It only me &amp;Jakey Pes cuz the crossfire a coupe..\"
Just 3 more long weeks until i move into my dorms. Bruuhh i swear i camt wait
Its always RIP
Just finished driving around a tractor for a solid hour and a half.
Had a great few days at . Highlights were , &amp; in 's suit. :)
Sick of the bull shit
Sitting back and realizing how blessed I am.
Pottery painting, girls night was a great time to unwind!
Idk about this pride shit frfr
I wanna waste my summer nights with you
Im going to Michigan in 9 days holy fuck
Is it weird that I feel really put together when the towel I wear on my head and the towel I wear on my body after a shower match...
All I want in life is a husky. Is that too much to ask for?
I just got tricked into agreeing to learn how to play golf. Fuck.
Brutti anda a lo del more, lleva plata y el xbox bss
She working overtime getting off at 2am and he's home Chillin.
So can boys bring milkshakes to the yard because I'm really thirsty
Fuuck stayin up late nigga, im goin nite nite.!\n
lust is saturday night; love is sunday morning
Don't know why my mom bought Jamaican cream soda but not complaining
I wish that you were me so you could feel this feeling
Jaime Lannister looks exactly like Charming from Shrek 2 and therefore I cannot take him seriously*.\n\n(* I'm only on season 2, no spoilers)
Kobe's gonna work his magic and get Melo
I wish there was a lip biting emoji
Precious fat\nAnd she likes it from the back\nSo I dont squish hre stomach when I'm eatin her cat
One thing I don't play with is my money
I'm tired of Mimi &amp; her stupidity. You can tell by Niko's stupid grin that he set this shit up. Stupid.
Growing with him Justin Bieber
lmaooo shanked it.
Ooooooooooooochooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa (comme le gueule le commentateur mexicain)
No one has ever been remembered by history for maintaining the status quo.
Where's the red card??
I speak on behalf of the holetariat
nice to nice to know ya let's do it again
\"Hey, my name is Elder Mark. And I'm a fucking faggot.\" -
That was a rowdy fun show! Going to sign at the WTK tent around 6:45! See you there.
Pre workout too late=no sleep. Lol fuck
If I was home I would've been out hours ago..
Sweet Thing - Rufus x Chaka Khan
They both look a Mess
Netherlands needs to score dam it
You really are annoying tf outta me real shit
I feel blessed thankful hopeful &amp; determined.
I need 2 girls that want to work on July 5th for $10 an hr. No catering experience needed. It will be simple stuff to do. Text me 5167849943
That was a food asss nap
Don't know what they talking shit for, seems like they can get theirs you just trying to get yours.
And suddenly half a year flashes before my eyes within that split second between light consciousness and deep sleep.
Working on 4th of July might be the most worst thing in America today
STAGE MANAGER WOULDNT LET ME SIDE STAGE. DOESNT HE KNOW IM FRIENDS WITH THE BOYS
How has this guy not stopped talking for 5 hours straight ?
Love when my dad compromises with me by saying \"I'll buy if you fly\"
Is it july yet? I just wanna blow shit up already
Do you like your pick?
But then I got a 100% on my bean trees essay and I didn't even read it
If Dempseys nose is broken...
Alexei Lalas theory that the WTreF handed Mexico the penalty bcause of \"build up tensions\" for missed calls isfucking ridiculous.
shaking with fury
When you get lied to by everyone &lt;&lt;
Money looking like a time line if Jesus was still alive
That dunk tho!
Jurell takes longer than me to shower &amp; he's fucking bald..
Dang getting force to go some place with your parents, really, I'm just trying have good time with my friends
Dylan Brady blocked me on insta
Current status: trying to deep fry Nerds
What happened to Miami
\": I need a black french man in my life.\"
Arrived 0220hrs. Epic thunderstorms with 2-3\" of water on I-88. Done.
i mustve been crawling around on my floor last night w this fucker while i was sleepwalking
My tattoo is the itchiest thing in the works
Honestly, if the bruins can't sign Iginla, they ought to give Brock Holt a tryout.
Hungry af after my workout: \/
Jess is out of control at night
Really who's got miracle on DVD
ISIS US Experts: It's a Proto state. Obama do a Nixon on Iran. Iraq is partitioned 2m refugees on move Iraq NWFP Syria
\": want you to miss me\"
Not a surprise that the Stralman and Rangers talks aren't progressing swimmingly since Andrew MacDonald's deal set the bar for UFA D-men.
Haven't wore my earring in a while
See ya guys in a month or so
What's a girl supposed to do
Haha Madison Bumgarner has a better batting average then the pinch hitters and second baseman!!! LOL
Bout to go get this nigga !!
Srsly if you're in or near Williamsburg, come to Glasslands at 10:15 gonna play so many indie pop classix
How can Ronaldo be so beautiful
Wow what a goal!
Appreciate the people that care for you,cause when you die,those are the only ones that are gonna be at your funeral
No one understands how pissed I am that Ed Sheeran is not coming to California for his tour.
When I want sex its always an inconvenience
Wow what a goal.
tbh i get so horny around this time lol
So let's begin to major in the art of sinnin
hands down Mel is the most perfect person in the world and if you think otherwise you can kindly go fuck yourself
I need to get out. Being in a house all day blows ass.
wtf is happening in True Blood rn LOL
Aimer's new album has been released\nLet us rejoice
Haaaaaaaaang on, Vandy. Vandy, hang on!
U can tell Benzino fake sleeping in that bed. Lmao
I have the taste for the shrunken IHOP pancakes.
Forever a fan of the Die Hard series.
Here we GO galaxy. Here we Go!
Someone just asked if the 1975 was Irish. Done.
Liberals: Aren't you glad Americans has guns in 1776? Oh wait, you're not.
Nigga getcho blass ass up. It's too early for these BS
AND THERE IS NO FOOD IN THIS HOUSE
If you listen I can get you paid
I toot it and boot it, made her feel stupid aha
My son is so much darker lmaoooo nigga really starting to look like Bruno Mars
Have to open the restaurant and manage it for 9 hours then get my coach mike on at passing league right after. This is a grown mans day!!
She want a sex tape I'll give it to her like ugh ugh ugh lol
It's crazy how my dad cook better than my step mom
I really want to bake something today
That shot wasn't sloppy
My older half-bro got in a car accident :(
I deadass hate Lebron James
First rave ever with my best friends for ever
As long as I'm with you it really don't matter
It's 2 am and I'm tryna get in there
Nani is real dangerous.
Happy Father's Day to my dad who had to spend his whole day getting his car fixed because of this dumbass.
If only lebron and melo would both go to the bulls.
AC with the pops tonight for sure
CARLY MANNING JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET IS THIS A JOKE
\"Pace yourself lad.\"
Now that i have money I don't know what to buy lol
Si se puede Costa Rica, fuerza!
I can't take you twitter niggahs serious
I'll be in stockton until Friday, hmu. \nAfter this I won't be back for a while.
Costa rica just survived 60 min of spartan onslaught with 10 men..
I don't trust anyone who can comfortably poop after they shower
\"Have you ever slept with a french awsome guy ?!\" Yes
Wish I could be someone's booty call right about now
Idk everyone hated on the purge like the movie was good
First girl to go car surfing with me.
People swear they know me . When y'all don't know shitt
Come on ziggler is in ure grasp
Are you fr? Lmfao fuck you. Thanks for responding in that way. I can't deal with any male rn smfh
If you ain't got two kids by 21\nYou're probably gonna die alone\nLeast thats what tradition told you\nAnd it don't matter if you don't believe
Come on USA! Just one more!
We all need someone to bring us \"out of our shells\"
Bye sometimes I wish I had a nice suburban family but then I would be bored by there mediocre drama
Me and lilys little brother make fun of how lily can't run together
Had a fun time at tonight. Big thanks to my boy for the seats.
I know she has a lot of great options, but if my sister got into Stanford that would be a dream come true (for me at least)
F\/A for Dallas, X1 coming this weekend, I have LAN xp, DM serious offers only
A girl who needs some new head phones cuz these ear bud things I actually made burn marks on them with my ears
I can never jus sleep through the night ...
Maybe tomorrow I'll finish my center piece more my coffee table
lol. I went over the new speed limit on my bike.
I keep seeing lightning in the distance..I'm scared
Every year when I watch the show Big Brother with my mom, she always talks about how she wants to sign herself up haha
Some guy threw hella ones at myth &amp; I picked up 19$!
&amp; further, when you realize no one thinks you're cool bc you tweet how drunk you were the night before you might make something of yourself
When no one texts me back I kind of just keep texting them
Tickets all booked! Looking forward to finally spending the 4th of July down in DC
You came to shine? Don't let my rain hold you
Boys confuse me so I stay away
Reduce risks by eating organic produce. Grow food. Avoid , , and artificial ingredients.
CONTEMPLATING GOING DOWNTOWN CAUSE RAINBOW FLAGS FREAK ME THE FUCK OUT
\"You want advice, call Dr. Phil.\" Ha. -Harvey
i just cant stand this dude and if i get another bar in me imma get a little too mean
Nelsimar me cantat-t
I hate when people are blinded by drama
Edge of Tomorrow was surprisingly great (and intentionally, successfully funny). Also, so many good Tom Cruise death scenes.
Tf twitter is not lot letting me see any pictures ...
\": Im tired of watching these games alone\" dead fucking ass
Now my nose hurts
I'm either always getting hurt or getting sick. Wtf is this shit
watched Watching ABC on channel 7
Bam. I mean BAM.
More Weird refereeing in World Cup - Greece coach ejected before penalty shootouts.
Family motivation is the best kind
Fulano y mengano, dos ejemplos de vida
You \"love me\" more? don't you mean you love fucking around then coming back to me when you get lonely nshit?
I'm off tomorrow who's tryna get turnt tonight !
its crazy how much things can change in such a little amount of time
Let me hear Diana crunch one more fucking carrot
At least once a week I want to cut all my hair off.
happy Father's Day !!!
Can't take another night sitting in this house
I hate when I get first class and they don't get my drink fast enough.
I HAVE to see the Weeknd, Jhene Aiko, and Schoolboy Q in concert, HAVE to
CAN THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER OR WHAT
This rain is killing my 4th of July vibe
TYBG for my luck in getting tickets
Longest day in a long time because of the long list of things I long to do for myself
Everybody in the party hold your cup high move your body if you twist it scream it loudly!
All these bitches ever have is leather &amp; my fat ass is not about to wear leather
One of the best goals of the tournament!
Everybody got a cold RN ..
Congratulations to my friend Chief Anthony Falco of the Hoboken Police Department on his retirement today--after 41 years on the job.
I need to go to a rave soon
Sometimes I just wish I wouldn't wake up. I'm so sick of this shit. :'-(
Why are my knee caps so dark
Caught a lick n I went n got uh coupe now
Fuck you Ghana
Keep em coming! Thanks for all who posted already clips on Facebook.... Lets spread the light 1 candle at a time! :)
Violent media does not cause violence or aggression in people. There is simply nothing to support it.
the biggest issue with eating less is being hungry more
Idk maybe I'm just overthinking it all
I have a bug bite on my face. Why
OH MY FUCKING GOD YES
I'm getting paid to watch law &amp; order svu rn
Only thing I like in Cortlandt so far is SnapFitness
Hate my friends
don't judge it till ya lived it
I really suck at cleaning because I worry about little projects and never get to the big picture
When my mom surprises me with new clothes! Thanks mama &lt;3
No one ever wants to spend time with me and no one wants to talk to me and no one understands me so I'm done trying.
Come to my work place and order strawberries or mangoes and I'll fking stab you with a knife
Chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito chicharito
When you sleep with someone every night... and then have to sleep alone.. it is really lonely
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! 2-1 mother fucker
I hope USA wins Ghana 6-1
\"She didn't say much\" Must have been one of those light skin girls. Maybe next time white guy lol
The Story So Far always makes me feel better.
I wanted to scream \"y'all are very hot\" at the end of the show really badly
People these days are in such a rush to move in together, but don't wanna get married cuz it's \"too much of a commitment\"
This game honestly
\"pera ai livia deixa eu te adicionar no facebook pra vc ver que eu curto a foto de td quanto e menina possivel\"
Your girl got a 99 on my US history regents I am PISSED
Very typical... rain on my day off
COSTA RICA GOT IT NIGGAS LONG LIVE
This Weather Got Me So .. Uncomfortable.
Lmao I'm all for USA winning and all but wtf is up with this world up all the underdogs are winning
The Darkest Timeline is Dead!! Long Live !!!!!
Its been 21 years and 2 days working at Symantec. Great company, brilliant people. I heart SYMC!
Lmaoo the shutter sound in the background is killing me
I honostly can't believe I managed to make myself feel this crapy again. I'm so fucking naive. It's ridiculous.
July fourth and my table wants hot chocolate
I'm not trying to find nobody else to be.
GINOBLI!!! -Charles Barkley
Dempsey gimme that baby
Another chocolate milk mile finished
Welcome to a place where nightmares are the best part of my day
USA USA USA USA USA USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Do I get lighthouse by myself ?
I love the look of candles but hate the way they smell, so I need some unscented ones.
\": This breeze in NY tho\" nigga what breeze? I'm dying up here
Battier flopped and threw Manu to the floor. You never do that to Manu. An angry Manu is death for you
I can't wait to hear your bullshit excuse this time? What will it be? Hmm maybe my shoe laces were untied or my shirt wasn't laying right
I really hate these fags
If one thing I know I fall and I grow
I just remembered that Frostbites is a real actual place in reality. What am I doing? What are they doing for not being open 24hrs?
My birthday is in two weeks. Someone throw me a party.
It's been exactly a year since I moved to boulder.. omg
We're reduced to watching Wimbledon, but who is this Milos Raonic? Mmmm ok you've got my attention...
Pogba is gonna have a big game today
JERMAINE JONES MY FUCKING HERO
At my brother's house looking at 6 seadoos and a boat
\"El hombre perfecto !!! es un tonto o un Mediocre, del que debemos desconfiar\"
Can't wait for tonight!!
Danelle is happy bc NYC tomorrow
Had an absolute blast watching on !! :-D If you get the chance to see it, please do! :-D
school would be alot more simple if everyone just minds their own buisness
Think like a man 2 !!
Green beans and fish for lunch
So proud of dat nigga..
Longest oretga drive of my life
math is Food he and daylyt are the weakest.
\"Girl, don't even get me started on fresas con lechera, that's what I blew all my money on in Carrillo!!! \" -lolololll
Big Thanks to Andrae at for making things right.
Boys are so dumb sometimes damn
The feeling of being alone is the worst feeling in the entire world.
Just do it like you care, girl dont worry bout your hair.
Abby is to funny words tbh.
This line for \"Transformers\" is crazy..... Thank God for Fandango
SOMEBODY GIFT ME LIFE OF THE PARTY PLEASE I BEG YOU
Dating Tip...\nDelay does not mean denial...\nPeople with a SPECIAL calling have to have higher standards!
I don't get soccer but matts forcing me to watch.
Who wants to sell me a visor
Big happy birthday shoutout to my bro !
My cousins are playing floor hockey upstairs and I think the whole house is going to fall on me
My mom explaining the guy: he's tawll dark and handsome loves his motha not too muscular like a meathead but gawgeous .. Icant take her
Bravery or stupidity??
I had such a great dream last night I'm pissed its not real
Just wait now for business to start shooting for entering their business on laws.
I have a strange personality. But a good one id say. I literally dont give a fuck about anything that causes stress. I let it rock
3rd and 4th grade best years
Reading a little Harry potter and I had to stop. Common theme: friendship and love kill monsters and ghosts and other spookies
People have no idea what I'm going through right now but I'm a shitty person sorry.
Who taught you those new tricks?\nDamn, I shouldn't start that talk.
people only love you &amp; support you when it's beneficial.
little miss sunshine is probably one of my favorite movies
I'll tell you one thing: little old Asian ladies sure know how to hustle a 10 minute massage
\"sayang naman thenk yow\" *cheridel voice*
When Milk won he addressed the Castro &amp; said \"we shouldn't be celebrating b\/c we lost on the death penalty\". Profound.
well a semis tire just exploded next to me on the 90 east and scared the fuck out of me
the way I was raised, you use what you have to get what you want.
It's chilly.. y'all still cooking out tho.. I know.... I know
Me not being hungry is a big deal too, bc I'm ALWAYS hungry.
You always realize things too late
Literally when Jones scored I yelled for 3 minutes straight...
get life of the party on iTunes
No matter the outcome, Astoria is gonna get retarded today. They gonna have to bring out the riot squad.
beccas sending me hate on Facebook. wtf
Put in Eddie Johnson now.... Oh wait smh
I'm so fucking sick of everything. I feel dead inside.
It feels like a 'walk across the Willamsburg bridge' morning!
Could you imagine competing if your POV was \"Slow and Low?\"
I wish little things didn't bother me so much
Texting everyone and it seems like I'm being ignored so fuck all them
Hopefully the world isn't ending my birthday is in 4 days
i feet New York and jersey drivers
You can't even answer the phone to sort things out? And I'm immature
i tend to get attached to easily ):
I have an obsession with blasians. Ask los marines, slightly worrisome
how u gunna talk so much shit nd then still act like best friends like BAI UR FAKE
3:20am and only two scenes to go. I forget how much I dislike night shoots.
Mitchell needs to come over already
I dont understand the people that surround me
Chris Rock is the worst! Lol!
Kiss me while I'm wearing my retainers so I know it's real
Ya ever heard of Bengali\/Argentinian children? Well you will one day
Anyone wanna go to active and get some clothes?
Oomf got me tired. Smh
yeah dad leave me in the car with no AC in 97 degree weather thats cool.
u know the RT symbol ima get one tatted
\"That's Joe Biden, the US president... I mean Vice President.\"
what the fuck does she know !
yup and that's why I hate being home
Miss the late night talks and smokes with
the acoustic version of sam smith's latch is so gorgeous that it makes me wish i had a soul
\": I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.\" Thank you &amp; true
Love my friends more than anything right now
Forgetting your headphones for a train ride
Vai tomar no cu messi
I refuse to put my money into any nigga , lol I'm petty so if I did buy you something and we break up that shit coming with me !
And i know as time goes by all im gonna want is you
La fe movio Montana's para Costa Ricai.e !
How no one think that was funny? Fuck u guys.
now Erin realizes it wasn't a good idea to leave me dyingmonthslater
Okay, I think it's been made clear guys and girls should both be treated with respect &amp; love &amp; a lot of other shiet.
I'm seriously on my 9th run through of that 70's show like hot damn
The writer I admired\nuse to bring the fire\nBecame so polished and smooth\nhe lost his edge\nThis is what happens\nwhen you become\ncivilized
caught feelings a while ago. you know this
I'm in the mood to drive to the city I think I shall.
At the beginning of Helicopter by Bloc Party I used to think it said \"Note this out, Angie!\"\nbut it says \" North to south, Empty!\" \nlol :(
I'm fulfilling the role of being a child that everyone says I am by watching toy story
pouahh jvais aller en afrique musicalement mon coeur ouhhh ouhhh la musique kainfryyyyyy
Mountains and valleys, sea shells from a Sally
When my dog finishes playing and cuddles right into me to go to bed is one of the best feelings
\"His bae is his left hand\"
I'm in love with this song
I'm really tired and I'm tweeting more then I usually do
Gooooaaaaaaalllll for !!!
LETS FUCKIN GO
The Bachelorette just let go of the Nicest Guy! I understand that it comes down to Chemistry but I just wish it wasn't him!
I want to travel to space
I wanna see ya work out for me
me and nick drunk ass smoking a Dutch
Anyone who shows this tweet on their phone before 11:00 A.M. gets a free Green Monster!
The word \"soccer\" hasn't been said once since I started working here four years ago and now it's all anyone is talking about. Stopppp.
Every time this nigga isaih hood text me he be like. \"Like my pic on ig\"
I know I am a good kisser
That pussy look like it stinks in that avi.... idc
Getting up in 5 hrs for work. Can't fall asleep. WTH?
I put all of the stress on myself
how about all my annoying faces come smoke w\/ me or your never invited again uglies
I think it's gonna rain wtf.
Mark the most annoying nigga I know but I love him like he's my blood
All in all, ESPN's coverage has been fantastic. Truly feel like soccer has arrived here... For this month, at least.
If you really want to show someone you care... You need to show it to them... You need to remind them
When did Jesse McCarthy get hot
if a monsoon could just pass over bridgewater rn it would be greatly appreciated
Met my favorite Irish\/Spanish investor this week at the module. She's remarkable. Must follow .
Can someone tell me why athletes get paid so much
Can I just get out of this house?
y por ti soy feliz yo por ti pierdo el aliento siento fuego por dentro
Been praying for the BESTT ladies to get there safe and sound.
In that wanna be lovey dovey mood.
You'll always hold a spot in my heart, if you need me one day I'll be here.
That wasn't a typo. I'm a child and I'm uncomfortable by the look of the word \"vagina\" so I say bagina.
Earlier today when I was vacuuming my car at the car wash, I found an old banana peel
I worry about other things too much
all of tm suggested Facebook friends are just the married ones I don't even recognize anymore.
KSJC 041353Z 00000KT 10SM FEW008 15\/13 A2994 RMK AO2 SLP136 T01500128
I shouldn't even be this stressed out. Where's Lizzie when I need her.
The moment where your fingertips reunite with the ivory &amp; suddenly Clair de Lune comes back like an old friend &amp; nothing has changed.
Y'all be actin like y'all never had shit or been no where damn where is the home teaming
Oh look, a giant hurricane is barreling at us. I guess we can be American by watching House of Cards all day?
Never let a good girl go. It's gonna kill you when you watch her be great to another man.
So many memorable moments that happened tonight at the NIP with
Monday, you are a cruel mistress
The world deserves another Burnout game.
All people do on twitter is troll other people. Relax.
Those first serves to save BP went straight to my loins
When I see the fog in the distance I know I'm close to San Francisco
Memo for Willem Visser: Cruijff, Keizer en van Hanegem en van Basten, Gullit en Rijkaard voetballen niet meer.
I'm a different person now, Mexico changed me and made me realize how fucking sick it is to not give a shit about nothing
My nigga Ernie Johnson a real nigga he be knowin
2options A.Study now till I cant mentally do more B.Go to bed then wake up in 3 hours to study. Why cant there be C.none of the above
Keep to myself because the people who really care will make an effort... Especially a after high school
Mom just came home, showed me pics of her and Marc Anthony's son and nephew at a fashion show she went to tonight. My fam be lit without me.
LOT of people on Twitter haven't actually read the decision.
Regardless where you ride in the energy reaches every corner of the room. So glad to cont. experience first hand!
So much American apparel with no 4th of July plans :-\/
Totally forgot about it but.. Got the scholarship for the Grace Hopper conference in October! Yay, see you then, Phoenix :)
as much as i studied for chem, i still feel so unprepared
That make me immature that I enjoy coloring and getting my hands dirty with markers?
Negativity is like Contagious Cancer don't get near it
Stiles with Lydia or Stiles with Malia. Hmm
I live with an African, a Puerto Rican, a New Zealander, and a guy from Beirut... And some guy from Maryland.
Germany seems like the team to like
Pero naa' me dejaron abordar el otro je je je je
Trail PG Mo Williams has opted out of his contract.
Grudge race through the city using only motorbikes.
Apparently SAT scores are posted at 5 am, so I stayed up till now for no reason. Still anxious!
How I am is who I am I'm just tryin to be me so I can be happy simple as that
Already a good game
i can't believe james franco already remade kara walker's sugar sphinx but w his head on it - it's like dude that show is actually still up
i coulda went to bomb hills in SF since I'll be hella close to Bart. damn damn damn.
I'll probably live tweet tonight but I'll try to avoid spoilers and just be like :O
Please come save me from work!!! I am exhausted.
No doubt is scoring today
Oh, thanks for taking the time to even acknowledge your friends who you never see. We appreciate it.
Beasley. Explosive. Smh.
&gt;force feeding yourself a banana when you're already nauseous in the morning
You could be the mayonnaise to my salami sandwich- Cc
NBA Draft need to hurr up wanna see if my warriors got a trick up they sleeve
Is it just me, or should every Friday start and end with fireworks?
I don't remember the last time I went to bed while the clock still said 'pm'
I hope whoever got my purse gives it to a girl who will love it. I'm happy I lost it...I think God will let another girl enjoy it now :)
Gotta have fun for this last month, gonna make a big change In my life forsure!
So am I wrong, for thinkin that we could be somethin foreal?
akaja que me hace reir Natalia deberia ser invitada fija :D
\": defensive sub late in game only.\" We cant have him ruining a year with such potential. He can stay in Sac!
Nice acting Mills
hahaha elle ma dit elle a fugue mdrrr rentre memplus moi jdit mdr pitain elle est bete
USA USA USAAA!!!!!!
Soccer looks so fun to play, if I wasn't so lazy I'd probably join a team
\": Now it's really official. New twitter handle, new profile photo. Go ! \" Welcome again to
Flip your with a Collector Care Professional Organizer
Not blow as in the thing ya do with ya mouf
BOOM CLAP SOUND OF MY HEART THE BEAT GOES ON AND ON AND ON
I made a conscious effort today specially NOT to ask people about theirs kids. But they told me anyways.
Just got my heart broken and put back together in lest than an hour and fifty minutes by this movie
See what happens when you work the count. Two bad it took blanco 3 Ab's to do it.
I fucking hate how this guy has a nice ass camera but takes the shittiest pictures.
.with my BFF! Can't get any better :)
Shaping up to be a great night tonight?
is school a requirement for tom?!
Fuck, i just wanna go to sleep and forget about the world.
A perfect world begins and ends with us
bought my mama a gift for everything she does fo me.
This day keeps getting worse. My mom has the love boat on.
All ive done today was eat and lay on my couch
Our midfield steel lays down the hammer. Huh?
Last Sunday was such a great church service.. I hope its a repeat this Sunday
SOS how much are spray tans at sun tan city
Damn USA came to play
I don't think Kayla knows everything she telling Keiveon hes screen shottin
I'm not going to talk to anyone tomorrow
Or could it be that the stranger is me
Nothing is better than watching a Yankees Old Timers game...\n\n
Seth Collins might cash it in
if i send you snapchats then your a true friend to me wow
We need to raise our kids to learn to acknowledge others points of view
I need to get drunk tn!!!
I thought this rolled up piece of carpet on the freeway was a dead body. I need to stop watching Dexter.
G'morning, y'all. Let's get this party started! &amp;
the goalie watched it go in
Not only are these soccer players faking injuries, they're also collecting pensions from the Long Island Railroad.
Fuckkkkkk yeah!!!!\n just started on \nWinning television tonite.\nthe
STFU \": Has LeBron given up? Where was he on that play? Kobe would have ran back. Jordan would have ran back. Just saying.\"
&amp; got a badass kid? I'll take care of em. lol
Coo lil seeesh @ the gym. This boy was like \"hey u have a nice lifted butt\" lol i was happy (:
Well rugrats and then some sleep
Not the nba playoffs and not this soccer stuff. I don't even know what it's called.
So this is what it feels like to be completely and totally done with the people you go to school with.
I have the want to say fuck anyone that has \"Vonte\" anywhere near their name .
My parents do this adorable thing where they totally forget to call me back or share any pertinent familial information.
Este frio me tiene todos los pelos parados mldcn:(
Cant wait to get the fuck out of NY for a couple of days and be in california. Need some time to relax and calm down!!
This has to be true love!
We've had so many sunny, beautiful weekends in a row that I get legitimately angry when it's garbage weather all weekend now
Safe to say I'm used to it by now
Glad that pharrell won for my favorite song Happy !!!
I been wanting to make a tumblr but it looks complicated
That was crazzzzzy
Yannah stay clownin Lmfaaao she be havin me tooooo weaaak!
Crying myself to sleep :\/ i'm so over being treated like this.
U know what that means I'm out!
my mom works at a hospital and has off today, i work at a grocery store and still have to work....
Just bitched out the valet guy for not giving me a ticket for my car only to find it the second I get up to 's apartment
Was pretty funny
The heat fucking suck. Like how many star players yall need my dude.
Someone once told me that there's beauty in everything and that stayed with me forever.
Pelicans don't go with that trade. we don't need a center..we got Davis
It's $4 Fridays and has a yummy kids meal. Music, play and good food! We are open until 8.
There are no cats in America and the streets are filled with cheese.
I guess Im not a smoker any more
Let's go baby time to shine
Yao I haven't had cereal I'm 2 weeks... I need my fruity pebbles
Solid win for Chile
The only reason my hair is brown is because I messed up the blonde and had to rehab it . No other reason for the change .
GOTTA STOP MAKING BAD LIFE CHOICES U KNO
English version to bailando is complete trash
she deserves to be back!
I'll be there is probably one of my favorite songs
Don't have time for childish games man.
do not care 1 oz about ur sports tweets
literally giving to old kid cudi songs rn
Can I throw u in a pit of fucking fire.
Watching an Anti Muslim Video caused Lois Lerner V's hard drive to crash, splutter, die......
Bitch telling me to do my homework, that I'm wrong, and I don't know shit, and in the end, I was fucking right, cunt back bitch..
Next person to ask what is wrong with me or if I'm ok I swear ima go crazy
I almost forgot about tonight !! At least that can make my night a little better, except it's not the same watching alone
\"If I was to sink my teeth into your eye right now, would you be able to stop me before I blind you?\" \"Give it a try.\"
Up side: I've been a shirtless man doing household chores (assures me this is an upside)
Standing up, or walking in a straight line is not my thing right now rn
I Don't Know Why . But I'm Totally Freaking Out By Being In A Dark Room With A Lit Candle .
Wish he was my boyf.
I really started getting into solange after losing you and I adore her psycho ass
When are Orlando Gordon jersey's for sale?
There's another look right in my eye
Yeah I just realized how annoying you are. Go away
Shannon lighten up I'd kick u out if my house too u are a secret drunk &amp; a bitch &amp; u come off as perfect &amp; a snob !!!
First day of work and i get free pizza and drinks
Damn I could really go for some Tim Hortons rn
What is a meat? Nick mandala is a meat.
Yo Ghana,the soccer field is a tiny bit bigger than the sidelines..Why not try and keep the ball on the field for the majority of the game?!
I don't smoke no more , so don't hmu asking where the plug @!!
I really hope this summer is good.
y do my parents always ruin my night
If I get late to work I'm Deadass killing this child
British husband just asked if I wanted a cup of tea, the Limey b&amp;stard
Officially watched every since episode of . I would totally get the entire series on DVD. One of the funniest tv shows ever.
And I mean that in the least offensive way.
Wow. Twitter doesn't have an API available for showing animated .gifs. I knew they didn't like 3rd party clients, but... wow.
Ok I wanna go up mission peak now SOLO and finish that shit in an hour &amp; a half
This shit is annoying
Actually I just really want more tattoos.
Happy birthday Matt Mang! What are you now.. 12?
Forgot home much I love the New York accent
Dad ate my mini hot dogs that I made last night and put in the fridge. I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THEM ALL DAY AT WORK.
A mouse just shit on Ally
They should have put Alexander Rusev in that match honestly
Sevyn got that mom PTA hair going on
Just started the L word and it seems the stereotype is correct: Lesbians are bad at math.
Costa Rica earned it a lot more than Greece
at the show tonight at the
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
The Douggie In 2014 Lil Wayne Stop
I'm just sittin in the studio tryna get to you babbbeeeewyyyy
You are so brave and quiet, I forget you are suffering.
Take that M60 to 34th street ..and the Q train I go..
Who wants to eat? Im makin food
I wish I could lucid dream and pretend I go to Hogwarts
God is about to become my hero again , I know he will carry me through this week . Pressure is good sometimes .lets get it.
GUYS IM SO PROUD OF SHAWN IM CRYING
me and you both have a bad past...why not change dat
I'm so tired of that damn song .. Lord Jesus
NBA finals 2012 = year of the dragon. DRAGONS and RATS get along perfectly.
Sooooo I won't be able to see any of the USA game today
ok If you follow many I will follow you
Just spent 20 bucks trying to win a damn teddy bear
Aqui solo me falta el de la goma verde o el de la sudadera con cordones.
Shawn and jack gilinskly r very cute they can get it
Up lake making English . Why? Why not!
Save on save
Feeling more inspired than ever after seeing and talk tonight about giving back and impacting their communities
Why am I like this. What even am I?
You dont love me cus if u did you wouldnt have gave up on me so easily
The only reason I'm not wearing make up is cause I'm tan
How much is back sweat (per gal) going for these days? Asking for me.
squats help to lessen emotional turmoil
No help that's all me ALL MEE FOR REAL !!
Little girl who cares if he deleted it was bound to happen sooner or later :p(:
J'en aurai vu des films moisis depuis que je suis ici...
Everyone seems happy and I'm like eh
Cool story the plane is delayed another hour.And we are on the plane waiting. But like what's going on with food cause this sailor is hungry
Oh my god I am Ariana grande
The thunder storm last night was not cool
Not for nothing but if you come to the US at least make the attempt to learn how to speak english.
you know they're your real BFF if they answer FT on the first ring.
Have that goal and vision to be a better person you are today then you were yesterday.
Open up the duffle &amp; the weed start creeping
Hmm match sa gen surprise tjou
\"La vida no es significado, la vida es deseo\"
I wanna move somewhere with beaches
What I look like let another bitch have that ?
kind of sad how predictable life is becoming
Regretting not taking a drive up to Mt. Pinos before my crash.
\"God gives and takes, so keep life with open hands.\"
ang tindi mo!!, napaka selfish mo..
I could probably start a free people store out of my closet. Also a meth lab.
Such an expensive weekend, but so worth it
Idk a lot of things but I know I want you
I don't believe on that \"talking\" shit. Gtfoh.
Was about to sit on a ledge and just saw a rat run by...
Still deciding on whether I want to join another drama club. Nothing really sounds that amazing though
These niggas berak and cesar are fufu lame
HE'S DODGING THE FREAKING BALL.
Ghanaian players really think the world cup is azonto dance off
Na these demons done tried a real nigga
Babe needs to stop playin n come nap with me
Fell off a cliff and only broke my toe
Why do I think everything my brother says is so funny
JONES FROM OUTSIDE THE BOX!!!!
Made it! cant wait to see the cutest violinist ever! ! !
Let it be known. On this day 6-26-14 at the time of 9:28 P.M. Rob Williams dies.
What a bullet jermaine jones
Kiss you taste you all night alwayz
Lil Wayne is always looking crazy, it never fails
Damn that was quick the game just started. This should be a good game if they can keep it up.
Would people tell cancer patients to \"buy their own\" meds? Women have healthcare needs and should be treated like everybody else
Life happens I get that, but you should always make the best of it no matter what situation your in.
This man has NO chill in his body, I'm crying
Ghanas jerseys are pretty cool tbh
I know I'm in New York because I just saw a shop rite
\"The test of intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.\"
There's a difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving who they are
I pretty much don't like anyone. I hate you all!
ofc tonight is the night im kept up in agony with a snuffy nose and a cough that wont go away. jesus be with me for the chem final
First thing I'm buying today is a handle
Dont act like ur all innocent \nYou know im taken and committed\nStop trying to fuck yp my happiness
Pretty sure Troy and I scared the shit outta some people tonight lol
I don't care how hard things may be, I rather struggle with the person who makes me feel like everything is okay all the time.
I don't get why a lot if people put 'lol' after like each thing they say like what's funny?!
Can someone please talk to me
To the contrary. I learned under the tutelage of el cacique Ramon \"Ray\" Velez.
PSA can anyone buy me lime sherbert?
I feel like a pill popped inside me
My moms is just happy as hell I'm staying out of trouble lol. she doesn't care what I do right now.
I'm so much more invested in watching American Ninja Warrior right now than I have been in any sports for years.
Everyone should be taught to spread peace In the world instead of being so negative
San Francisco's hills make it the most beautiful but exhausting place I've ever been
\": ya really hyping the wrong females...\"Retweet
I think this bitch tryna set me up
I'm do this shit my own way
I wanna build an amusement park that's candy themed and call it Candy Land.
Djokovic having a temper tantrum at the moment. I love it
After two long days...finally get to sit down and watch some soccer!
Kyle blackman is home holy shittt
Leaving in three hours... Maybe I should sleep a lil
How to save a life - the fray
I overthink life waaaaaay to much. I just want to know more about it before mine ends.
Voy a dormir tres horas... viva
Look I'm laughing but if Tamar brought me on stage I'd probably get the mic snatched too
i can't get over how good this show is.
He didn't want her to be grungy or like him (in the note) I sure as he'll know she's read it and now, she's almost exactly like him.
I haven't hit the beach yet
today \nASX up 0.8%\nHK up 0.7%\nShanghai, Taiex up 0.5% each\nNikkei, Kospi up 0.4% each\n$NIK $XJO $HSI
That was a crazy save Ned v. Mexico
I'm could really go for a blunt
Tyler posey is such a dork and I love it
preciso de ir ao cabeleireiro fazer qql coisa no meu cabelo
My uncle just said he would date Cristiano Ronaldo..
Tina is trying to go to Philly right now and I just can't lol
All outbound trains are Ls. Really ?
Can't wait to get myself a new cutesy bathing suit!
These past months itself feel like a year
1% fucking niggers with
Advantage to having a job where you can't be on your phone... Your phone battery lasts all day.
I try so hard not to look like I'm a crack whore....
A majority of the people at the moma smell
A fecal exam of a scouring lamb showed stomach worms. He would die if not dewormed. I gave him 2 ml of Prohibit. He will be better tomorrow.
I'm really mad, I was eating healthy and come home to a party tray of tasta
CLINTON DEMPSEY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL
Middle schoolers in groups numbering greater than four are scary but when in groups of seventy five... I'm surprised that I survived today
President Obama at --- good taste!
You know, just feeling the boys kicking for the first, second, third time
Im hella proud of my dad for going back to school! Congrats and Happy Birthday!
Holy shit, Johnny 5 is at the World Cup!
im probably gonn fall asleep during this test
I cut my leg on the end of my bed and there is skin on my sheet where I hit it. Cool
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Bitchs with little ass thighs and a big ass butt look odd lmfaoo
So they threw my keys out by accident at project grad
I need to buy another interview outfit
I can listen to the storm and fall asleep fuckn relaxing
Stock Futures - - Flattish thus far:\n\nDow Jones -4\n\nS&amp;P 500 -1.10 \n\nNASDAQ +1
But like I thought he wanted nothing to do with me, so I just kept walking
Snarldor Snarldor Snarldor
This Thots r winning! N nigga wants faithful bitches
Seriously, this one girl I know who raves wears the same fucking outfit to all her events.. like ew
Name 1 person in piscataway that dont say fuck outta here
Just got notice that I have to open the shop at 6:30 tomorrow....damn it to hell! I guess this is \"Night night\" freaking BS...
\"Pimples are the lord's way of chastising you\" - Carrie's mother
I need to go to bed lmao
Yeoooo our match is up
You gotta know that the sky belongs to no one.
Crime against humanity!! How isn't 's twitter account verified?!
I'm waiting for the LeBron haters to tweet after the Heat lose this game. They cannot even say it was his fault bc he put in that work!!
Everybody always got somethin to say
When I don't makes sense it is because I am putting in my 2 cents worth
There was a fly in my room and I just spent the last 15 minutes feverishly trying to kill it, those things are resilient.
I just realized I'm not at all attracted to Cristiano Ronaldo
I think that's why I am the way I am
Love the way cuts a promo... Take notes folks that's how it done
I hate when I get all sweaty and then my hair gets puffy af lol
I'm always going to support women sides no matter what
Thought we finished but we have another 2 episodes for the conclusion
Happy birthday to our when he leaves ny, I leave ny!!!
At Microsoft's office in the Bay. Looking forward to tonight's event!
I wanna sit down, have a couple drinks, and talk business with Donald Trump
Odio by Romeo Santos is a great song
What the fuck did I do.
I wanna kiss the fuck outta u
I'm going for because they are wearing , plus I'm just tired of Germany.
Crikey, I haven't tweeted today. Now I have. Phew.
i want to go to an indian wedding so badly
YOOO hope the show had a good turn out and you brought that bitch down homie! Had to get this money or I'd of been there!
fun sf game: what drugs is street urchin on??
That girl is such a fake model.
SARINA JS JN GHE SAME AIRPORT AS LOGANY YHH
Leggo Germany, let's do work later on today
Fun fact: 's favorite animals are killer whales, koalas and turtles.
I couldn't believe a prominent conservative lawyer who gave us shitty Bush would support marriage equality
Whoa just saw mega lightning. It's gonna thunderstorm soon!
Call me weird but I cant have a conversation about sex, hate talking about it hate when people tell me about it
People will tear ur life down just to build there's up
Today was the suckiest but one of the best days I've had in a minute. Real talk
Some winner of the Heisman at USC is in the restaurant right now
My eyes are open. If we do things on our own and for our own then we won't need these white agencies with their subtle racism
IS IMESSAGE FUCKED UP OR IS IT JUST ME
Just got home from the doctor and I have a high ankle sprain...hahahahaha I have no luck
you ain't even gotta smoke to get faded \nyou ain't even gotta drink to say you made it
A show about virgins is coming out, wow mtv you really create the best shows
I'm SOOO excited to see the Purge 2
\"I like drawing the back of hair and I also like drawing hats, so yeah here fans have Jotaro\" -Lord Araki
I should totally be on Big Brother omg. I love drama.
The game started at 7p tf mom u hella late
let's just home my mom doesn't come home while it's boiling
I can't stand people who don't know the difference between then and than
May or may not move in with Kara for the week
Something blew up outside &amp; now there's car alarms going off. Typical.
I cannot watch the bachelorette. I fall in love with all of the boys. Just let me kiss them and I'll be on my way
What ever happened to Jo Jo? Lol
I know where I won't be tho...
Prolly the only person on everyones TL
This lady better stfu n stop talkin fckin crazy . My dad ain't takin shit down bitch I hate u!
I work at at ten in the morning but I cant sleep with all this anger right now
Such a intense fucking game the cup this year is fucking wild
Baby girl you know what I want let me do it to you
Why did I think this was a good idea
My boss made her dog a Facebook....
Ooh... Andi, that was a bitch move
Why do I feel like im gonna get sucked right back in.....
Today was the first time in 15 years that I met my godfather for my bautizo... And ooh how he has some catching up to do haha
lovely dinner new &amp; charming w :&amp; our friend Nick -all loved it!
I've had such a long day today I need sleep
Last meeting of the day combines 2 of my favourite things. and . Prepping for TechonomyDetroit.
Congratulations to the class of 2014 as they walk the stage and start the next chapter in their lives!
I want last night again to be honest
Ok let's do this!!
Joe Buck was on our flight, Bob
Happy Commemoration of the Declaration of Independence!!
I really hope this stupid super quiet echo voice thing doesn't become a trend. It's dumb.
Spending my day watching Tim Burton movies. Pretty ideal if you ask me
That was nasty
24 hours of no sleep, how am I still alive right now..
That was an enjoyable soccer game i need to do this more
I guess for the simple-minded this would be an appropriate time to blare Lionel Richie All Night Long *sighs*
no se como termine en cuevana viendo la pelicula de steve jobs
I don't trip over shit like this anymore
I hope ms thomas thinks of me when she reads john greens announcement
Je dis oh cest bien beau d'ecrire en anglais sur twitter , esque vous pouvez parler meme epuis vous nous gbolosser la ?
This was supposed to be the summer of George.
I don't even know why I get mad, like who are you? Haha
There ya go Messi.
No one will ever look as good as you do. You're gorgeous.
Sigh I don't even wanna go
What y'all thought heat was gon take it
Taking off waterproof mascara is the devil
Apparently being myself is try hard now
Tyler and I are literally two feet away from each other and we're tweeting at each other
hate it when I tell one person something then two more people end up finding out like ugh what is trust
Haven't even left my house yet and my feet already hurt
Can Jhene and John Legend make a song together though?
*Always leaves the sunset in hopes wherever I'm going is 5 degrees warmer*
Remember this morning when I drove off with coffee on the roof of my car ? That's how my day went
A zip and a double cup....
\": keep see you would be good enuff\" fly to the I whatsapp beb .
Why are flyers fans getting mad at hartnell? Yes he was the one who decided to get Traded. Makes perfect sense.
Need someone who will still hang w me after i eat friendlys ice cream and rub my food baby
the hood goin dummy the hood fuggin love me
forgot the cops from superbad pulled us over last night
Less than Zero,a movie about cocaine addiction gave me a craving for dumplings. I blame Han Dynasty. I'm never bringing home leftovers again
And that right there is game
Ramadan is not a temporary increase of religious practice, it is a glimpse of what you are capable of doing everyday.
THATS WHY I STAYED HOME RT: \": The fact that I'm about to attend church this hungover is so fuckkeddd\"
waste of time, waste of breath, waste of energy &amp; admiration for nothing
should i stay or should i go now........
I hope all my snapchat friends are ready for a bombardment of collie pictures this weekend HEHE
Chalking that goal up to the uniforms. We finally wised up and wore red.
so like this mutual unfollowed me and we had a really big shot at becoming friends like damn
Us goalie getting boards
I love how everybody wanna get involved.
Why you gotta be so rudeee
I love when ppl notice my great intentions.
Wtf ginobli got the ratchet
Your not soft if you say sorry first, your the bigger person.
Melody tried booking a flight to sf from sd with Alaska airlines...???
\": Trust game so messed up \nI feel like everybody tryna play me\" story of my life
Messi's the most famous athlete in the world yet you wouldn't know it if you didnt see him on the soccer field.
Being in the pool today was perfect
USA UP ONE
Dempsey had those defenders feeling some type of way
everything use to be so simple.
Tarzan showed us a valuable lesson in racism and we didn't even catch on
does anyone wanna teach me social studies in less than 3 hours ??
Yo confio en esta seleccion pero tenemos que mejorar esas cosas que son como una piedrita en el zapato y no nos deja avanzar
Can it please just be 10 already
Joey never let's me leave angry. If it's a thing less than happy he does every god damn thing to make me smile. I mean anything
My dad was looking for a parking spot and a Mexican guy was pulling out and my dad said \"oh that's an amigo\" I rly cannot
I don't know what to do anymore.. Nothing ever goes right. I'm just destined to always be disappointed and hurt.
THERE ARE SOCCER GODS
sitting on the side of the highway
well that makes me feel even more insecure now Lmao
If you need a good laugh watch my snapchat story of me trying to shoot with a lefty stick and then my sunburn
It's life thou , something's are harder to digest in reality .
Rub da booty \n\nLove da booty
Some people just don't know when to stop
wait, I feel like that was an insider for me cause my last tweet. Lol appreciate it but you could at least @ me. God bless, love
If my boyfriend ever told me to lose weight I would break up with him that second
OMG...When appears I throw up in my mouth....
let me show you what I'm all about
Lmao this nigga Tariq stuck his ass in the urinal b
Like bro really?! Your not getting paid for this... No need to go that damn hard. Just let the damn ball gooooooo!!!!!
I need new people to snap chat llol
When niggas ask me for nudes I just be like lmaoooo
Never was much of a soccer fan but let's go USA baby!
Im really annoyed of waking up early everyday for work
Get your pride on!
YAS ARGENTINA AYS
Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank God that you know me and have access to my dementia?
The book of negros? Really? Their accents were horrible
In grupo F, Argentina a Bosnia 2-1.
There's not a day go by I don't see Ricky post something about sex or Retweet something about sex
No one ever wants to play monopoly with me anymore. Ever since the arrival of my new merger rules, I destroy everyone.
I just bought the beach house
Bye byee\": Moment of silence for Greece\"
Probably should've been there for the few seniors that I interact with who graduated today. Whoops. I suck.
There's a box of unattended McNuggets at McDonalds and I'm debating on whether I should take it or not
OD religious family members fucking blow mine
Watchin you dancin and havin the time of your lifeee
Goal goal USA!!!
All the players in the CWS look swaggy AF.
noLA PUTA MADREEEEEEEEEEE
\": Now that I got this iPhone hopefully I can get some Thots.\" Damn, you betrayed the sets for hoes.
Happy birthday i love you &amp; I know you'll always have my back :) don't drink too much lol
I've got so many wounds from last night
El gol mas pendejooooooo en toda la fifa.
Oh I can already feel myself getting sore
Finally, Beats by Dre for helicopters, thanks to !
Always Bring a hoody with me to the airport
The only time I like pressure is on the footaball field....
Everyone be safe but enjoy today! Celebrate!
Honestly the better team was . They just wasted chances. But good game still
Lexie lad late? RT : Im spittin bars on snapchat. Lexieee420
I feel like fucking Sam Bowie
And just like that Messi sprinkles some brilliance on Bosnia...
Typical day at xsport walk in and there are 5 cops still getting that workout in tho.
Good morning : )
Snapchat is so fvcking clunky. Seriously, the developers need to stop smoking crack.
u know who u r ((((anthony))))))
Let's bring on Donovan. Oh wait
It smells like old people.
When ya bitch says she wants chipotle she's really talking about me cause sins get committed when she's around.....
I wonder if my sister noticed I unfollowed her lmaaao
I'm Going To Slap The Bitch Sitting Next To Me On The Train.
Shirtless man on my screen I am ok with this
Why yes, my highlight of today is getting Chipotle
Great day on deck tmr. then a quick dip into BK for
Next we'll be sending our kids to school in bullet proof vests to prevent shootings
These things happen is actually SO good
Comes with a credit too fnjrngjtnjtnhjtn!
HOPE IM GONNA GIVE YOU BIG TITS OKAY
I don't know if I'm bored to exercise or lazy.
Not to sound anti-American but I'm all France today
I'm having a going away party come over , west Babylon by belmonnt hmu
Bout to feed bae for the first time in .....................................................................................................
SO PUMPED CUZ I JUST SAW AMISH PEOPLE!!
Universal Technical Institute really fucked up when decided to only refer to themselves by the acronym for their school in their commercial
Let's play house
How to start\na conversation\nat a bar\nwith a girl\nso hot\nshe steams\nyour senses? \nPlay it cool\nChat with her\nlike she's\na real person\n
Dempsey!!!! A broken nose but not a broken heart!!!
Ratee; bms Tbhh: ur soooo gorgeousss ahhh like can I be u? Share some of ur gorgeousness plz dayumm ;))
Fuck it I give up completely
It's crazy how one thing can change everything.
But really.... Is he rich like me
I just want to see some fucking Dinobots kick ass.
Since it's gunna rain on prom...what do we do?
Be prepared (= n I mean @ all times! Cause this world is full of surprises. It might be bad or it might be good.
My stepdad is the biggest asshole.
Lol idk, I'm just bored. Noone is up, I'm hungry, &amp; all I have is water.
Don't go see jersey boys unless you enjoy frustration and restlessness for 4 hours
Bitches all over you &amp;&amp; you gonna wonder why I'm thinking ?
Waking up to a text that says \"anyone wanna go for a hangover meal at 12 and to get more alch for tn\"&gt;&gt;
I wish I had an accent ..
In starting an Instagram rap battle league with anyone from Jefferson tryna come at anyone from Jefferson hit my DMs
En la intimidad, me hace todo con alta calidad.
It's seriously disgusting you're wasting your day
DEMPSEY MY BOOOOOOOY!
Ohey another car dealership
I got preferences cause I'm beautiful. Jk if you're gorgeous, you're gorgeous but you fine Asian women so attractive
ESPN streaming froze right before that goal. At least they scored.
If you bring my iced coffee from Starbucks rn....I will love you forever.
Dammed if you do.dammed if you don't.they gon sit around and judge you anyway
I miss staying up till 3am facetiming
Take me to a dark dark place so I never have to see daylight again, at least for now.
If I ain't have this job I would do the rest of the orientations tbh
Peanut butter and coffee make early mornings a little more bearable
JAI ENVIE DE FAIRE PIPI MAIS J4AI LA FLEMME DE BOUGER LA
Tbh the only thing about this teen wolf episode that has interested me is lidia's braid
Losing my voice, I sound like a man.
This storm is about to be unreal.
If not for that front...
there is a special place in hell for people who tweet\/instagram pictures of spiders
lara calls world cup elitist because 'not every country gets to play'
EDC fucked my sleep schedule up.
Someone come over for a fire.
50rts and I'll punch my aunts lamb in the face tomorrow
Goodbye ! It's been fun. Always going to root for you except vs the
I love Frankie and his pink hair.. Yes! Lol, but he should've known that these hoes ain't loyal lmao
When you accidentally favorite a tweet &lt;
If USA makes another goal I might just
There is a whole box of hard drives and 5 boxes of electronics parts and cables. garage inventory!
Hi ho, hi ho, it's too fucking early to be going to work.
It's gonna be nice to get away.
good thing I have the ability to give zero fucks about anyone or anything.
FANTASTIC series of touches
The Stanky Leg: strangely named as the \"Stanky\" leg is the only thing that gets clean. Wouldn't recommend
USA! - outstanding!!!!
Goal!! Wow!! Dempsey!!!!
I really liked my outfit too :(
I swear everyone has the worst pics of me
Need to see 22 jump street ASAP
Why do I even make plans with you
People are too quick to judge now a days .
Officially getting tatted in two weeks i need to man the hell up a stop being so soft all the time
\"Whats your favorite thing about ashley?\" \"Her banana curls\" \"her back dimples\" \"her smile\" AWWWWWW FRIENDS
That was sick let's go USA
Wow you sure are something else..
I honestly so fucking annoyed with everyone on the planet
Bruh I'm never gonna get this done .
Off to Watertown...
Amen! RT : It's time that five men on the Supreme Court stop deciding what happens to women.
USA WITH GOOOOOOOOAL
What an intense tilt
I'm heartbroken over today's new. Utterly devastated. But the angry calls for retaliatory mass murder add insult to injury.
If you are in the middle of foreplay and she asks while you are caressing her cafe if they feel fat; correct answer is your eyes are lovely
I can never win.
What an exciting opening panel at and more
Forest can be my tour guide anyday
I hate when I leave something at practice
I wish was my friend
On my life I woulda ate that booty with a knife and fork
Those leggings though come on boo boo thang whatchu playin at
Beautiful goal! Go USA! Fuck all other countries
Going to the game finally!!
This is my biggest issue now a days. FOOD
10:30 am and on the second phone battery...
Will Nahmens has one hitter thru 4,
Nice dive Messi
I think I'm just going to put the TV on mute, open all my windows, and listen for cheers or grunts.
Portugal goalie didn't even do shit
Can't stand parents that are on the sidelines that act like youth sports are like watching the pros. Grow up
Well this is so exciting!
The sun drained me yesterday. Sore and tired, but Nate is will asleep! I'll take that as a win! :)
I hate to wish my days away... the evening can't get here soon enough!
Thinking about you is making me sad\/pissed off all over again.
Soda water + squeeze of lime + pinch of salt = delicious, refreshing beverage.
Pretty sweet shirt for the real American.
you can't trust them snakes benzino.
Dreading having to spend another 8 hours at Bella's.
Left my ID at a bar tonight. That's why I can't have nice things.
Females with a potty mouth is very unattractive....
Dude how tf do all these white girls have big asses omg...
Jones with rip
WORD IS BOND BEEN WOKE
east side with the win in the all star game
we need to learn to love ourselves and the people around us
Impossible not to be interested in when is playing.
It's alright Brons still the best player in the league...
You know waka shot first like john starks
They were also fighting demons. Not just shadows
\"I get a senior discount at 62\"- big rich \"wow just be nice\" -me \"just one step closer to the grave\"- big rich
creo que cada vez es peor
Fuck her right in the pussy
Last 2 days at were motivating, inspiring, &amp; fun. Great to see all custs and partners together. Pls send feedback for next yr!
You're going to hell for that one
I'd be lying right now if I told you I didn't shed a tear after Costa Rica won
Dude music is the key to success gets me so pumped and motivated to do anything
At Buffalo Wild Wings watching soccer with adaurie but I don't know anything about soccer lol
this girl just lit her hair on fire
JERMAINE JONES!!!!! You sexy bastard !!!
Great hustle Billy \"groundout\" Butler
USA! USA! USA! USA!
Now I need to go out and buy the book
Come on baby be with me so happily
Duck ass bitch
Ugh what a day I have ahead of me
I need more episodes please I'm begging I need more.
So... When is nap time? Monday-Friday 9-5 is a real struggle.
I hate college and im not even enrolled. Brahhhh!!!
\": for the goal!!!!!!!\" That was a hell of a goal!!!
Thanks for the advice! Yeah I just want a little muscle on my arms since i barely have any lol
I do not like Malia very much
I love how when I'm bored at work my phone is silent then when I'm trying to sleep my phone is just like hell no
*in valley girl voice* '...you either get twitter of you don't'
I only painted a canvas how to I have paint all over my legs?
Next time I g to mex I'm inviting someone
Rice and beans. Plaintains. Strawberries.\n\nStarting this healthy eating thing back up.
Chloe is brainwashed . And probably knows they need that device . I see Chloe dying.
I am fckn in love my parents.
Trying to keep my temper so I don't say something I regret later on.
i missed hella im so mad
Why must De Niro torture me !?
keys to success tonight: 1. Score more goals than Ghana. 2. Bend it like Beckham.
It's basically impossible to leave a Filipino party without taking home food.
Detour to upper east before heading downtown to see &amp; co. The night continues...
If you don't care I don't care
hard to be humble when you stuntin on a jumbotron
I feel like the only good thing about raves is the half naked women
Still want y'all to lose, god dammit I was supposed to be on hiatus
Need some girls for this video shoot. If u around come thru. DM me for address
Jorge strikes out Ziegler looking to leave bases loaded in 3rd. lead 2-0
\": In order from most important to least \n1. Family\n2. Teammates \n3. Friends \n4. Ratchets\"\n
David from Chromeo and A-Trak are siblings wait what
Seriously tho I'm glad Emily didn't know me back during the election or shed h8 my ass
When he shows up in your nightmares, don't offer your forgiveness. When he offers you his lips, go for the throat.
I don't know what's worse: clipping your toenails in public or having long-ass toenails.
My dad se hace menso, but he knows.
\": Foh nigga u corny\" LMAO
whisper dirty secrets while im pullin' on your hair
If you can't get over the past with someone do not even keep trying to build a future ,never will it work
I sense a connection with the asian and white girl on teen wolf
Damnnn I c u Jon I c u
I've seen Curtis lepore like 20 times today
I love Spanish commentary for soccer games. They speak truth. Calling players out for acting.
I mean what the ... Do you even pay this person? Also you told them an intersection AND showed them a map on your phone.
I try not to tell my problems to people , 20 % of the ppl u tell don't care and 80 % r glad u have them
The day I don't have work is the day I accidentally sleep in until 3:30...
Should I get the 30 servings or 60
Spending a day retreating with NYC women hosted by Tea + Purpose. Summer Hiatus: a perfect Sunday.
it's nice to be appreciated :) :)
Since every1 wants 2call themselves \"coaches\"now maybe I should coach baseball or football something I know nothing about so I should coach
Yes take advantage because they're too naive too say anything. You're not \"entitled\" too anything.
Hour 8... Jess pours the whole bottle of ranch powder on the popcorn
Tbh i didnt even bump these days as much as I thought i would today
\": You wear flower crowns? YOU ARE SUCH A HIPPIE\"
If you post memes, screenshots, or anything that isn't actual pictures of Instagram, chances are I secretly hate you and wish you ill-will.
\"If it bleeds, we can kill it.\" - Arnold
I WONT TREAT YA LIKE YA TYPICAAAAL
Is it breakfast time yet omg jk I don't eat breakfast
nat has a twin bed so I'm forced to spoon her and mackenzie and nat just ate a meatball sub so her breath smells
Want my boy Benzema to score
You've got attachment issues - daddy problems much?
Coping is often as simple as just learning how to have fun again.
Not sure if I'm more excited or nervous for
Luckily I have this restraining order, because I would have handle Courtney's shit with you real quick. Go flip a tire manly bitch.
Some man just asked if I was in frozen.
I would do anything to be at one of the World Cup games
That nap felt great, except now i'm going to be up all night...
Power hour is the greatest game around
pops from regular show is actually tokiomi tohsaka
No hay medicina que pueda a mi curarme, solo la que tu me dassss
Still want to put rhinestones on my Sharks jersey... It's cute ok!
Who wants to go to BWW to watch the soccer game tomorrow?
jamming out to the drowsy chaperone in between screaming and crying due to lighting in the car is what I live for
The best BET performance of all time was last year with Elephant Man, Beenie Man and the whole Caribbean crew
I just get so excited about life because I have the opportunity to be everything I want and more
Finished watching Dr. Strangelove I wish someone like still made movies. It's absolutely incredible he made 2001 only 5 years later
If ever there was a moment to say OMG! \nOH MY GOD You did it again Lord!!! You did it again!!!
Learn to appreciate what u have before time makes u appreciate what u had
Y don't they tell me shit so I know cause I'm sitting here rn
This Andi chick needs to drop nick
You're so miserable that you try to make everyone else around you unhappy too
July 4th travel deals on w : Phila, Flagstaff, Oahu. Find out why at 6:40am!
Such a joy to watch the Spurs pass and move.
He didn't actually grab his hamstring
an hour later and I can't believe I sobbed violently over a single picture of julian casablancas
Congrats Spurs and Spurs fans. Time for Game of Thrones.
I dont get it. Im always the last one to find stuff out.
hola abro la web de uds y un Troyano me martilla la cabeza, chequeen
I just want to travel the world. Experience different cultures and see the wonder's of our Earth.
Another frustrating loss. What the hell is going on?
Might go smoke with ol girl today wit her baddass
*stands in front of video game* PAY ATTENTION TO ME
Its only a matter of time till i stop fucking around and send beats that i have stashed up ....
yet you're all soo convinced and no one can tell me any of the 11 other guys I slept with
i actually rlly love this pair of shorts. they actually fit nicely
so there may wrght haers who want him traded. he plays through everything. did he take himself out of a game after first at bat
Ugh now I know how it feels ..
Playing Yoshi's island on the SNES emulator fuck wit meeeee
If that Simmonds was part of a deal for the Panthers .....people will call me crazy but I'd have been very tempted.
The jet lag is so real. Even if it was only 3 hour time difference.
I wish that was for me
There's the Messi everyone's been waiting to see.
even when we chilled i didnt say much
Am I the only person that's not a fan of watermelon?
no hay nada mejor que ser correspondido
El orgullo nos hace creer que vamos ganando 1 batalla,cuando en realidad estamos perdiendo la pelea para ser feliz y todo es tiempo perdido.
Is it a good idea? No am I still Ganna do it? Yea
Ochoa &amp; Dos Santos of Mexico are on Philippine trends.Happy that Filipinos also watch not just Miss World :)
Couple from Rhode Island said:1998 dude was intruder in her house, caught him stealing,didn't call police,liked dude, dated married happily.
She said my name is bougie
How much would you pay to be able to talk you your pet for 24 hours?
Someone help with a good netflix movie
OH MY GOT THE TEMPLE OF A THOUSAND GATES I BEEN THERE I GOT LOST
Yeah... I have the most awesome boyfriend.
Quote this with your favorite memory with me. No gay shit
Summer in the city... means sweaters, sweaters, sweaters.
relying on this answer to make me happy
Al final no se puede decir lo que sentis
Watching the Olympics on Olympic day... And watching kill it on floor for USA
Accept the past, manage the present, and work hard towards the future.
I should probably get up and start getting ready, since I leave suppose to be picked up in an hour
You ain't een gotta tell em..
I'm mad at because she still hasn't came to UCF to visit me !!!!
I'm not as hard as you make it seem
Goin to my first Yanks Sox game Saturday night with Madre and Brohan Santana. Tanaka vs Lester should be life changing
Met a Canadian native RV mechanic who is moving to Washington to start his weed farm. Good first day of work.
Switching gears to watch the Miami heat lose the nba finals
What you use ? RT : Sponges are gross.
Let me go for a quick run, I might see something good outside
A little sad to realize that there are only 4 more school days.
I really love Ricky \nI'm so happy he is in the Top 20
So Ghana is definitely trying to injure all of the United States. No doubt about it they're playing so recklessly it's not even funny.
I seriously need a real job and not one that requires me vacuuming. Damnet.
Its funny how I can go ode long without texting anyone !
Jermaine let's fucking go!
Talking about moving to dad's house in Mexico, i fuckin wish &lt;33 no bills, no rent, no stress. Dad said he stayed in america for us
How about women read real literature to let men know they have brains.
Muntari and Boateng are Ghana from their team? Well thats unexpected
Out air conditioning just broke and I can't say anything funny about it because I'm too busy wanting to die with overheating.
Im to young for this shit son
Im repulsed that I like salt and vinegar chips
I hate the people who wait last minute to merge during construction. You're the reason for traffic
running the day after leg day is painful
yolo ; you obviously love Oreos
I want you so much but I'm not gonna lower my self respect and look like a fool, I'd rather not.
How this kid favor me n how she know I have twitter omg I showed my friend n idk how people know
Nigga be so stupid nowdays . Like shit it's just yogurt get over yourself Smh
fav this if ur straight as fuck
Has anyone noticed that my two bestfriends are weird af . Eww why do I socialize with them
Hey everyone I'm going to the gym! ##
KNICKS OVER YA LIFE
I still don't know what I ever did to you. Not that it matters anymore.
Idk how I'm losing weight but I'm not complaining
If anyone wants to come tanning i will be out there from now until like 5
And I'll do it every single time
Got a mosquito bite in my armpit
I'm about to throw up and die on 86th street help me
I would much rather listen to Alice Cooper's \"Schools Out\" afterwards than \"Turn Down For What\"
If I have you I don't need anything
Opening Ceremony: Hurricane Sandy proves that is real.
My brother has a class ring, he's graduating from middle school.
I don't judge people, I would expect the same in return but people don't know any better
Not getting up unless it's 95 and sunny
Wanting to open up but not knowing how &lt;
Do any of you ever check Twitter for updates when youre watching the game at the arena or is that just me?
Hey I'm done paying for your service. No and you get zero from me! Bye Bye forever.
Aren't doing submissions yet, but if ur seeing this &amp; are a champion of &amp; pplpositive anthologies, dm or email me
But Yowamushi pedal has one more episode left....ONE MORE FUCKING EPISODE LEFT UNTIL I HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL FALL!!
Tweeps, I need advice. Just found 2 pairs of preferred tennis shoe &amp; 2 half size too large marked down lots. Should I also buy 1of larger?
the amount of ratchets around me I can't
I respect everyone whose working a job they hate so they can make money
This is unbelievable my jaw hitting the ground costa rica to quarter finals wow
If my headlights and intake aren't here tomorrow I'm going to murder somebody
I have no idea why I'm trying to go to warp tour, the only band I want to see is Bayside.
Man today was pretty cool but it ended bad
How is it possible I have one brother who got a perfect score on a spanish state test n the other one in spanish support
I like to call myself stroke bitch
is showing the world what its like to do the right thing.
I'm really just waiting for New Female Hip Hop artist to come up n c twitter blow up when Nikki loses
Someone call homeland security and deport Tere from this beautiful country
whoa spurs won
Fuuuuccckkk. Come on Jozy. Get up
Patiently waiting on that
I literally stay up all night thinking about what I can blow money on
Why would I subject myself to such a horrible movie as Step Up? Channing. Tatum. (duh)
Can someone bring me some Taco Bell?
Online dating suckssssss. Where the handsome\/doting single males at?
Got the word 'calendula' stuck in my head...and cant stop saying boom shaka laka. Bizarre!
I feel like I'm going to be up for hours
So sleepy but can't sleep !!
My mom and dad just did a full on sprint to see who would get the last chipwhich and I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my life
You're getting exposed as catfish, u gotta at least take off the headscarf bruh
Twitter is slowly becoming a soft-core porn site............
This show is for D-list black Hollywood. Ugh.
The more you accomplish the more accomplished you are, simple really..
My brother told me to get up and do something so I got up and got ready to hangout with him and he is no where to be found. Cool
If a team uses all three subs and someone gets injured, do they get to sub that person out too?
You haven't talked to me in 3 days...
Im Keepin It Straight To Da Point Wit Chu Imma Put Dis Dick All Inside Of U
Congo is the fun kind of terrible.
GOOOOOOOIOOAAAAAAALLLLLL USA USA USA
I wanna move far away , away from everyone .
I deadass talk to no one for days at a time.
I seriously love me some Stephen Fry. Stephen Fry for Prime Minister!
like I've said before I'm the problem child.
\"Don't judge a banana by its peel.\" Wise words of wisdom from
I hate being in middle. It's too crowded for me
My new record at work is 4 people that I know of... God damn that's cray
Playing outlast, 1 am, by myself, during a thunderstorm, in the dark, afraid of lightning, terrified of outlast. Help.
I CANT BREATHE HOLY SHIT
\"You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had...\"
I think I'm a grown-up... just purchased a sofa and matching chair from not IKEA.
there isn't a faithful human on the face of this earth.
Should I make myself breakfast judging by the fact the sun is beginning to arrive
what thunder are you psychotic bitches talking about
JUST SAW GAB AND again HAHAHAHA
Is my bae coming out !
I'm churning out novels like beat poetry on amphetamines.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never get it. Don't ask, answer is always no. Never step forward, always be in the same place.
Looking for artists to perform at a event I'm putting together at my university (FDU) if you or anyone you know may be interested LMK :)
Please let that just be a cramp.
Wade needs to find a seat next to Chalmers for awhile..
Nothing fucks up your Friday like realizing it's only Tuesday.
since it's raining today I just want to stay in bed.
Assou Ekoto est martiniquais
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.- Vince Lombardi
Ils font tt pour pas avoir de filles pcq la bas c les meufs qui paient la dot genre
Almost like a rite of passage to pick up your bib 89th Street. Will be sad when it's gone.
Have a Happy Monday everyone.
Oh New Jersey, I've missed you so much
\": The quality of your life cannot exceed the quality of the people you allow in it. Be selective.\"
i cant write music when im shattered
I would rather listen to Fran Drescher for 8 hours
the not david hume on the david hume
See all the pain if you look into my eyes
\": All I need is a little cm punk in life \"Future mega star
Who wants to be a real one and go to the drive in
[Neuer slide-tackles youth soccer player in tunnel]
Well, that was fast...
I havent played my uke in a while
Ew 12 year olds in booty shorts
Turn off the tv to eat dinner outside. Turn it back on to the celebration of the Messi goal. This is some shit....
Bad girls aint no good and the good girls aint no fun
As of now is looking for 2 hit me or if u looking for a west coast team that's moving to the One
Thursday...BWW? USA game? 9:00? Be there? Ok?
Watching \"Diana\" and the reason Lady Di says she likes Khan is because he DOESN'T treat her like a princess.
Well this has been quite the eventful series finale
Good god, Benjy.
Being an emotional eater is annoying. I always get random cravings
I WANT TO GO TO CALIFORNIA RIGHR NOW
Fuck me right in the pussy
I need something new to watch on Netflix
I think I look sad bc my sister just asked if I was okay but I'm jusss annoyed
So I've been watching the Teen Wolf marathon while working today (lost my remote and can't change channel!) and I'm like.....
lmao \": THERE ARE BATS IN BRENTWOOD WTF\"
The Independence Day speech is amazing
A decade after the Ansari X Prize, there needs to be a re-assessment of its impact on the space industry. I'm not sure its that positive.
If you don't keep some tobacco in your blunt it's just not as fun ya feel
Ive been all around the world i aint never seen nobody like you
Girls market their boyfriend but their boyfriend never say too much..
Courtney isn't answering me, I'll just lay here in bed on the verge of tears. Ok.
\": 's are capable of persuading others with their sweet charm.\"
Is good important when trying to get a girl to like you?
Your marketing is only as good as as your agencies process and procedures
I broke my rules for you. Isn't that enough?
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Pretty sure none of my family misses me. I mean it's only been a day, but still
Oh iggy performing fancy I can fuck with it then
Nah. \": Did they make Paige vs. Naomi at MITB officiail?\"
That's me playing FIFA on semi pro
\": we aren't desperate; we just want someone to care about us, that's all.\"
I hate how I still have feelings for you. Only because they aren't mutual.
Ughhhhh tooooo muchhhh cookie doughhhhh
That's the way the game goes
Starting 4th of July with a screener about the moral decline of the USA.
30 FUCKIN SECONDS LET'S GO
Apparently big corporations rights are more protected in this country than women's rights.
Imagine finally noticing your account after all of your hard work and he follows you... this would never happen to me.
That was good now don't get too confident USA we still got to defend the rest of the game
Wow I do not like being hungover
Boyy i dont understand you.. One second your game than the next second youre not. What the actual fuck
(lol I know it was one of the boys haha but shhh he's undercoverrrrr)
Just got a awesome born a lion shirt
Today's really a dangerous day in new york
Just got blasted at Bungee Blast class...dare I head to for another round with ?!
1250 for a fucking escort drone I had 1375 how did I not get it
Why has today been feelin like a Saturday???!
IT'S NOON SOMEONE FIND AN EXCUSE FOR MY SOBRIETY LITERALLY IT'S THE FOURTH
secrets get told . lies overheard .
TELL ME BABY WHY DON'T YOU LOVE ME!!!!
New Yorkers are so uptight about their wallets and purses.
Now having a discussion on the accountability of parents, to reduce, more love, less verbal, less physical abuse
Yaaaaaas my bitch Kate is back everyone bow down
\"some dude just called me ma...almost slapped his mixtape out of his hand.\" -
El hombre de la violadera de conejo
Hi I'm shavon from nyc I love GOT 7 can bambam and Jr do aegyo please ^^ and say you love me lol saranghaeyo
Just had an awesome in and now listening to waiting for
Really wanted Altidore to keep playing smh
local commercials always blow my mind.
So annoyed that i deleted 200 people off my insta gram for u to just break up with me
Thank you and the fans for a great show.. Alittle sore but &amp; eddie hawkins, just know il be 100% for July 12th.
everybody has an addiction, and mine happens to be drugs
Be careful I don't wanna liter in your life.
Some days it's tough just getting up, throwing on these boots and making that climb
LMFAOOOO HOW DID THE SNEAKIEST PLAN EVER JUST FAIL.
I tried to make the dog amber rose lick me. it ain't work doe.
The details. RT : Condoms were originally made of animal intestines, oiled silk paper or linen, and were held on with a ribbon.
i wanna go to the city with some friends before summer ends.
Everyone needs a best friend like gayls
Hope what I wrote meant something
I think Argentina is going to take this win
2 months till Towson move in. Tomorrow is graduation for high school
Cluck is well deserved after today
I meant pretty AND attractive wow I hate myself I hate my typos ugh.
um hellur excuse me where is my cell service???
My mother is SO over dramatic.
i almost died when i entered the gym. hahhaa
That kinda sounded bitchy but I'm being totally genuine .. Awk lol
my hair looks really blonde and idk why but it looks cool
I didn't know girls actually went thru favorites..
Niggas can't stand Bitches That's Realer Then Them
Thas why Bey never come to their shows..
I ain't tall enough to ride that ride
I'm really fucking hungry -.-
clients from work are showing up in my suggested people to add on \nadd them?
My baby boy isn't even 2 months old yet.. So big but so sudden
sometimes it's okay to feel pain because it allows you to know that you still have the ability to feel
I'm terrible at inviting myself, call me over
KRHV 041347Z 00000KT 10SM SKC 16\/12 A2996
Boys need to stop fucking with a girl's feelings
No one wants to pick me up from orientation Tuesday so looks like I'm staying there.
summer aka no reason to not watch netflix all night
As much as I would love to educate our young women... Let me chill. 140 characters ain't enough.
and you wonder why this is a rape culture?
The main Objective is to stay Laser Sharp and Humble. Work,Earn and Be very Patient. And Know God Is Cool!!!!
You think you got it all figured out until life comes back around and knocks you off
HD pissed me off waking me up
Sick and tired of people who don't give a fuck
It irritates me how there are others that have made much more progress than me and I am literally frozen in time
damn knicks offered the max contract to oh shit
I'M GOING TO BE SECOND BEST AT MY WEDDING
They weren't ready for us
I wish Walmart was open 24 hours like it is in bumblefuck
Everyone suddenly evacuating themselves from my life shows that they weren't really ever there for me at all, they're no real \"friend\".
\"Name something you might forget to do when you're super busy\"\n\"Go to work\" \nHuh?????
Dempsey just scored with his dick
Just landed in NYC and I can only think about the pizza I'm about to devour.
No but yesterday was pretty perfect
Yeah I'm tryna get the RT on the late night so what
You used to like my style, I used to like your smile
Sun is out ! Lets cook
2 dollar Long Island ice teas!
I forgot about this particular DA after novac left. She's such a biiiiitch
4-1 Though And Ya Suppose To Be Champs Smh
I'm bored someone smoke w\/ me
I thought I was good enough
Growing up Fischer may just be the cutest show ever
a black man just got out of his car to talk to a kitten in the street???
\": Sometimes they push you away because they know you deserve better.\"
I'm perfectly content with being alone, I like being alone with my thoughts. it is actually vey calming and refreshing
Thanks everyone who supported me at the game tonight, boomer game was a fun experience
I havent won a game of bp today
Prank wars, I don't fuck around with them.
The birthstone cross is also nice as it is stainless steel will not break or tarnish.
maybe she's just not that intelligent
I always thought being home alone would be fun but I'm miserably bored
who's in this twitter fight i wanna see it all happen
I'm probably the only person in the US to have not watched frozen all the way through
you know your mom made that meal hm girl, shut up
I'm not sure if I think it's cute or creepy that my cat follows me literally everywhere I go...
\"Quiet people have the loudest minds\"-kid ink
My closet isn't big enough. It's gonna explode
When I'm home I chill In a tank top and panties , fuckkkk pants
tonight is the night to get wasted im excited happy fathers dayy
Fellas wash you hands. \nNo one wants to touch a dirty dick door knob
Everyone knows how happy Kiah makes me, thank you for being the biggest help during this &lt;3 I honestly owe you
Happy 21 first I love you
1. I don't believe current Lowry to Miami rumor. 2. Gaining Lowry but losing Bosh wouldn't make them better.
stop pretending like you actually like moscato
feel like satan wants my head on a stick this summer don't let my poppin Instagram fool you
Feel bad for Benzino losing his mom. Love and Hip hop Atlanta. RIP
Never both because you know.......then I would be happy.
Lmao, I Remember when I was tweaking at my graduation lol
If I put you in my 4k will you guys buy me food
.Listening to the original soundtrack w John Cameron Mitchell. So amazing! Love the Rock n'Roll bass line. Need to see soon!
Really bitch keep running your moulth to my friends and see how far that gets you because your in for a surprise.
I mean.... If you make a 24hr video and don't win. Kill yaself
Repetiremos un sabado cualquiera, nos hablaran las estrellas en cualquier lugar.
But I'd probably get fired if I didn't show or even requested off. Sucks, man.
only like 5 days until our mock trial team finds out if we're going to NYC for a week :x
I Dont Know Why I Came In This Club With You Girl
\"Is everyone up for some singing? Because we're gonna do some SINGIN'!\" - Are you singing along at home?
Life is once, take risks....not regrets!
I applied to 10 jobs can .. Brother get a interview tho
Michael Ealy don't gotta be that sexy.
Making my mama proud is the best thing
I'm very self destructive. I'll ruin something before it even begins
apparently it's let's be a giant bitch to your waitress day
em Finz follows me and un follows me once like every 3 months lol Jesus reptar relax.
really shouldn't be wearing a white shirt
Summer colds can eat a dick
Not a soccer freak but that was a good goal USA!
We can burn brighter than the sun
I'm tired of getting so mad
I guess I'm still surprised you did that to me either way.
someone deliver Claudia and I some Dairy Queen
PSA of the Day: I repeat right, ?
I honestly need to figure out where I put my phone case!!!
Sometimes being afraid can show more strength than being fearless.\n:)
I may have just found actual gold
Mirar, mirar.... I don't have time for your games.
How am I this broke already wow
It's a beautiful day but I'm almost ready to Carpe a little Nocturne if you know what I mean. Fuck it, got the day off tomorrow.
no three peat\n\nthis is beautiful
Great PK by these Costa Ricans so far.
But i guess you aint miss'n me
future said don't get too thirst but I'm not hearing it
What time does the new episode start?!
You know what the really awful thing is about confiding in some people? When they show their true colors, they attack right where it hurts
I'm figgity figgity fucked up !
You can't understand if you don't listen and if you don't listen to me OR the things coming out of your own mouth, I can't help you.
Trying to muster the interest to watch . but I . It's a curse.
Te acordaras de mi el resto de tu vida
Bow wow is no longer longer bow wow but shad moss as of June 29th. Ima still call him bow wow doe.
JK Rowling focused an entire book in her best selling children's series on racial prejudice and that fact is sorely under-appreciated
It's really tempting to chop off my hair Thursday.......
Why I just do what I did ?
14 year old thought I was 15... I'm about to be 20
The next party I'm dead ass gonna be half naked idc it be hot af
My parents are mad I got straight C's lol. I'm actually pretty proud because I was expecting a 2.6 &amp; ended up with a 3.17
Watching Bolt with the 2 year old and if this TV show he is in was real it would be the most expensive thing ever produced
I dislike the hear so much..I miss winter !!!
I don't want it, if it's that easy.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Rusev isn't looking at anything! His sight is seeing nothing!!! He's just unsight trash talking.
I feel basic w\/o eyeliner on
I don't follow any guidelines cause to many niggas ride mines so I change styles every two rhymes
Yay going home! I love you, grumpy check in lady! I love you, endless security line! I love you, amateur flyers! I love you, stuffy plane!
BRB going to stand outside Hobby Lobby and educate the crafters on Chinese sweatshops and the one-child policy.
Why people spell Nikka instead of Nigga?
Im ballin like im kobe \nI got plug wit the ref
Is anyone paying attention to the chaos going on the rest of the world lately.. Hope y'all is
Cam calling me? Lmfao in my dreams
Sydney James is a QT well sort of, ok ya
The things I would do just hear your voice again.
I wish I could tell you how I really feel but then again would you even care?
Happy fake id birthday to me!
I care about my friends more than myself
robin thicke looks like he joined the military and got deployed to Iraq
Bravo re Ed Woodward, you finally did something
i'm in tylers car while they put out a fire
This may be the BEST Mac n' Cheese I've ever had
My Q train has been suspended over Brooklyn bridge for 15 whole minutes. Did someone sui? Ffs
making another Gen video featuring U2 shenanigans :D. Meaty setups, unblockables, and char specific combos. This oughta be fun.
Isn't @ Midnight a bit of a rip-off of \"Bunk?\" Game show format, podium thingie. Bring \"Bunk\" back. Put on &amp; Wurster. Grrrr.
I feel that the way the people were acting in HP was to much! Shit you don't see people running around when the dodgers win a play off game
Steph is my bestfriend because she KNOWS I hate strawberries
Imagine playing in a world cup
I should've vined today's car ride, pedestrians beware lol
LOL auntie is trying to get everyone to eat more. \"Indulge! It's all about indulgence!\"
with a sneaky GOAL !!!! jones awesome goal!
waking up and seeing your name trending in London.... I don't even know how to react to that.
Good Morning and God Bless You!
All my answers are closed behind doors
I usually lose interest in things or people pretty fast....
I was just followed by a church in Phoenix, AZ. My life is strange at times.
I just face planted in front of everyone @ the mall. So smooth
currently tweeting from the only place w wifi in off Yosemite
Good news everyone- 1 month until my birthday!! :)
Alyssa's mom is the only reason I live
breakfeast with the bros
I can't wait for the USA vs Portugal game
this nigga niko said he seen it 5times lmfaoooo
So who wants the D? Lmao
me, with no makeup, a bleeding face, and a shower cap on my head...comes downstairs to all of my sisters friends...do I care? \n\nmm no
\"I'm a pessimist, meaning I'm bad at parties\"
Messi's just like \"you know I had to do it for ya\"
I'm just gonna ignore those Uggs.
Getting way too carried away at dollar tree
I was able to create an imaginary safety net shielding out the noise and distractions of a sometimes harsh and insensitive world
Ansel elgort vines make me drool
I would like Josh Hamilton to be in a play that I write someday.
Good morning nothing like starting the week seeing the is still alive and well.
\": I actually cannot believe we're graduating tomorrow\"
Wtf, I want to go to sleep. Why am I not tired.
all i see is on my tl, ugh
It's a regular show marathon
Yo USA on the board in under a minute. Lets go!!!!
Live it up till I'm dead. Ignorance in my head. Forger who ever you are. I do what floats my boat.
The person you said you can't live without is living without you right now and is fine
ATTENTION ROCHESTER PEOPLE!!: do you know of any good deals or companies to rent limos through? Help a sista out.
I say this because I have been sent dozens of Yo codes by journo friends today and I wonder when we stopped being skeptical.
Give em the ol razzle dazzle
Fasion fo pa at airport lounge. Older gentleman wearing pink shorts (tight), striped button down collared shirt and men's dress shoes.
ayo lemme get an extra water b ( voice )
Lmfaoo it's raining on prom night.......come on bruhh give them a break.
WHAT ABOUT NEAL AND GENO BROMANCE?!?!
If I stare at someone for too long they become ugly.
Ran 3 red lights today because it was hot and I couldn't stop because if I did the breeze would stop
And thats all folks!! Homework complete. 11:59 deadlines mean nothing to me. Sweg.
I've seen like 4 interviews with Landon Donovan where the first question is \"how does it feel to be off the World Cup roster?\"
Its a shame Jack is gonna freeze his balls off at the Gulag at the end of the season.
If I pick someone up, I need them outside before I get there or I spazz. I hate waiting tf.
That goal was so dirty omg
Fuck the law.
And tomorrow she's going on vacation and she was like \"I'll bring you home soap.\" Hahahahahahaha
I evenembarrass myself texting my best friend oh
My favorite part of soccer is when the players keep hitting the ball with their heads and it becomes volleyball.
Is it raining in paterson ?
No me quieres ya :(
I'm gonna walk out with a 74 and be done with my life because it's 1 point away
Happy July fourth. Sorry America but Colombia is playing Brasil today so for me it's a time to celebrate Colombia instead of the US.
I'm only watching this episode of top 100 players cause Dez Bryant on this episode.
I wanna get a job at Dunkin donuts Modells or stop and shop
Weezy go crazy ! lol
Assuming and predicting are two different things if you ask me
He gained a lot of weight last few years...
Glad I saw discovery and family perform tonight !
Do or die by 30 seconds to mars with Afrojack is like some song that would you hear in a movie or like a wedding after they kiss
Thank you for the shout out. Much appreciated :)
\"i have an academic crush on you\" week made
I have a mindblowing thought once per every non-sober night.
my grandma just asked me if I wanted to bring a jacket with me... no ma'am I dont think I do want to wear a jacket in this 81 degree weather
Hmm fuck life
Dont you hate when your \"so called friend\" says he cant hang out and you find out three hours later hes hanging out with someone else. I do
From 8 until 8 I think about you
and I'll be better when I'm older, I'll be the greatest fan of your life
I just wanna go somewhere with my girls and forget about the world and all my worries .
In- fucking- credible
Just like my secret surrfing spot when I was little, home.
the summer ain't like how it use to be
~prays drake accidentally slides into my DMS on instagram in an emotional state~
mad, sunburnt, and mad about sunburn
My mom mad af for what like r u deadass right now?
I don't have my car so that means my Sis in law will not be straightening my hair for tomorrow :(
if I care about you, you gomma be set doee
Lets go to the park lay down and look at the stars
Being smothered with love is not a healthy relationship. Personal space, trust, &amp; affection is the perfect balance.
He was standing outside across the street and shouted \"Ryan, sit down Ryan\" as I opened the door to the car.
U get alot RT\": Ugly Ppl Get The Most Likes On IG\"
I'm FUCKING crying rn
needa get my females back up
Wow. I am really tired, considering I found another flaw in a different tweet.
This whole trading picks for coaches thing is hilarious to me.
So and are lying, arrogantly. What's doing about it? Nothing. Where's the prosecutor?
I haven eaten all day but I'm not hungry.
Lowkey scared to workout with Victor i feel like he would kill me haha
On the off chance we need to spend there... Does anyone know anything about VA?
\": I would like attention at all times, yes\"
I was wondering maybe, could I make you my baby
learned my lesson tho... woke up yesterday at 3am rdy to go.
cameron dallas needs to call me I want him to sooooooo baddddd *cameron dallas song tune*
I hate when people start to act different
of course keyshia cole , would be standing up.
I'm pretty sure everyone I know was in my fucked up dreams last night. Idk what the fuck is on my mind but it needs to calm down.
Quieres que te diga la verdad, ni que fueras mi celular para que me de miedo perderte!
I just sat on my bed .... It's so comfortable after this exhausting weekend
PNW pretty in pics but strangers yell at u in intersections 2 put ur seatbelt on
Honestly this is where Landon Donovan would make a difference
Just wish someone would text me ....
Hello outside world, finally got the wifi password!!!
I seriously had such a great night tn
Venice or Ibiza?
My weakness is that I care too much
Enjoyed karaoke after long time ;D
I told the young man, \"There is woman in Sudan in prison right now for the sake of Jesus. But over here we struggle to live holy.\"
I'm so bored I'm on the free section of craigslist
Nas brings out Jungle so now I am VERY curious what my wife's reaction will be if we get an Oochie Wally rendition
I feel bad for morello, even if she is psycho... She's so cute though I just wanna hug her
I'm the most alive person. I'm also the most calm person you will ever meet
Like be nice and happy and enjoy life
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING!! LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A smile that hides the pain within the heart soothes the hearts of those who behold it. So smile even through difficult times.
My dad has 7 gallons of ice cream in his freezer...
Never wanted someone out of my life so bad
WHATS WRONG HEAT? THE MIAMI COLD. SUCK ASSES LOL.
Messi goal !!!!!!
\": It's all coming \nback to me again\n\n(The Sadness)\n\nIt hits me in waves\n[Like the pain underneath\nthe bottom of my ribs]\"
I can't do shit when I'm hungry
What a SHOT!!!!!
JONES UNLEASH THE FUCKING KRAKEN!
If not for anything else, watch my reg day VidCon vlog for 's snarky commentary
This is the time of night where I just want wings
Take me away\nI wear my heart on my sleeve\nAlways let love take the lead
Just astounded by the ruling in the 'hobby lobby' case. I guess corporations ARE people.
Really just want to cry and crawl back in bed
Yooo these motha fuckas gon make me shave my beard !!!! Omfg
Really wanna sneak out tonight but my grandparents always be checking up on me and shit like wtf get your ass to bed I'm grown
im just s notch in your bed post but youre just a line in a song
\"Some people just need to give up their rap career. It ain't for everybody.\" -
Sometimes I forget how amazing Princess and the Frog is
Thinking about switching up the number this year
La boda will forever have me feeling like I'm Romeo
Yeah I'm off twitter for the day y'all gone kill me with these tweets.
You can ride my face until you dripping cum
Don't tell em - Jeremih &amp; YG
Ugh I was going to try to keep my raging liberal political opinions on twitter quiet on my honeymoon but alas they pull this crap
So they just gonna have a random dance scene in the club.
It's probably a good time to sleep, eh? :)
sleepin in the spare room\nthat used to be my bedroom
Catch me in your girl's DMs asking fir her asl.
The Chris Bosh guarantee...yeah not so good. \"Oh no, LeBron is gonna have mah legs broken\"
If my niggas don't fuck with you I don't fuck with you thats the code in my hood don't let these guns hit you
Oh shit fuck
calvin de haan just called me a stud and his homie
Never want senior week to end
Actually felt my hamstring rip as I watched that...
Just tried to kill a spider and it flew away to another part of my room....I repeat it FUCKING FLEW AWAY.Fuck this sleeping in my car
When Jesse McCartney is trending, it's either 2003 or a very slow night.
Is \"Contemporary Hotel Lobby\" a musical genre yet? I think it should be.
Tyrie suggests Carney flip-flopping is undermining credibilty, Carney responds by taking credit for the UK recovery.
Duda goes deep and the Mets are on board!
He needs to be okay... We need him this World Cup run!
Why do people always pick me to lose everything I want it's like I am set up to fail every time it's sucks so much
Tu la dans ton Pe-cli je l'ai en figurine
Keep the great beer flowing in Northern Iowa by helping Brewing Co. expand with their campaign.
I called that goal....Ghana looking pretty free right now
now i got myself to blame , why did i let you come in ?
Wow!! Smh RT : In the last 25 years, only 3 black women have been labeled People magazine's \"most beautiful woman of the year.\"
I feel like im going to throw up.
I really changed a lot
All the guys are waiting till a day before conference to get a haircut. Lol
Almost ripped the stitches out of my mouth screaming at this game
I need my tubby boyfriend to cuddle me to sleep rn or answer my texts either or lol
crackin me up!
Saw a guy riding a motorcycle in the pouring rain today while using one hand to try and cover his phone in his pocket
i wonder if kim kardashian has ever farted during sex .
I'm gonna miss the game tomorrow.:(
Well it was a good run boys, lebron can't do everything
Wondering how good my gas mileage would be if I didn't need to halt for a deer every 5 minutes in millstone
The heat would not be in the finals if Lebron had no help
Woo! Happy Birthday
I just met shawty tonight and we fuckiny
no te cele por estupideces..
A Nakatomi Plaza-esque event interrupts a very disappointing and awkward date. The pair have to work together to save the day
Dating naked is the reality show for me
Creo que hoy lo gana Francia, aunque en realidad no me importa, con que sea un juegazo
Living in Brooklyn makes you \"hood\" FL dudes a joke to me.
Frankie in his little pink swim trunks just won the first HOH challenge YAS!
Sitting in bed crying bc how hard I'm laughing
\"Much like the left-leaning, investigative bent of the magazine she edits, the co-editor of Mother Jones shares...\"
its been more than 24 hours with
I challenge everyone to make it through this movie on netflix
I can't wait to go to Miami &amp; Cali.
Dear thoughts, it's so late. Please leave my head so I can get some sleep.
When I finally get ready to sneak out and I set the alarm off &lt;&lt;
There go cooney trying to barging with the Applebee's waitress
Thinking ab going away for pride week. Not that I'm against the gays, I just use the Christopher st station, &amp; we all know what that means.
Fuck it Ill be the next Spider-Man
SOMOS EL EQUILIBRIO PERFECTO Y LO SABES QUE ES CIERTO
SUMMER KINDA STRESSES ME OUT BC I FEEL LIKE I HAVE TO BE DOING SOMETHING FUN AT ALL HOURS OR ELSE IM WASTING SUMMER
Kyle dropped his taco and is now crying in the back room
twitter keeps sending me annoying ass notifications
I'm having a blast in Santa Cruz buuut I miss my mommmaaaaa :'-(
gustavo wilder me pede umas coisa meio impossivel velho.
finally watching the new true blood episode.
JERMAAAAAINEEEEE JONESSSSSS !!!
Writing Mexico across my chest was all fun and games until I had to wear a scarf to dinner bc it won't wash off...
Gyal find weh mi live a New York!
Now I remember why I moved to Florida
I follow someone who hardly tweets but when he does it's so deep. lol
I love Seven Nation Army now!
My undies are on backwards that's how tired I am lol
he ain't right, but he's just right for me.
Red mango juices are so good
6996 we haven't talked in ages but you're still one if my favorite people
You're fake and I hope you get what's coming to you
School starts back up tomorrow and son of a bitch..
I guess watching the giants fall apart is almost as good since the didgers are blacked out!
Downloaded Thanks to 's tip \"from the airport it's quicker than the taxi line\" would agree, looking forward to trying it.
Who else has Christian louboutins for tomorrow night??? We gotta get a pic ;)
Shit is real serious around these parts!! Hahahaha
philly and later that night they went to mcdonalds and my little step brother who is 10 went into a stall and found bags of heroin and +
They never change they just get better at pretending
Can I please move out of this house someone take me in
I have 12 dollars idk what to spend it on
Bae \": It's Friday. Who's on your menu?\"
Lmao when I drink I think about one person and all I want to do is talk to them.
Im really excited for my date friday ^~^
So I hear that and are reviving their \"friendly\" rivalry today. Can't believe the haven't played a competitive match since 1986.
People worry way to much about other peoples life, like nigga go do you don't worry about any one else.
Maybe because its so off limits and out of my reach is why i want it so bad
Bricks is the new crucial slap for summer
I don't like contests I wrote an essay about Dinah and now its gonna mean nothing :\/
Maybe not a boyfriend just a shorty for them lonely nights lol better?
That vine i just retweeted is priceless
I dont know nobody who can cover for me !
If only Judy knew what we were writing about her tonight...
I prolly be using my gps to find my way back home
Bosnia lacks creativity and aren't dynamic at all. Based on that I think Nigeria has a real chance at advancing.
It's really comforting to be back home, almost forgot what having real friends felt like
I'm always a lot quieter when I watch TV alone BUT DO I CARE? NO.
Cultivating a healthy mind is just as important as cultivating a healthy body...
That frog annoys the shit out of me
What's a \"shmoney dance \"..?..I'm not in tune with shit
I think ima listen to ultraviolet and attempt to play cod
but i want a boy with with abs and nipples ; not a girl with boobs and cycles like me .
First check I get I'm paying back people I owe money then I'm off to vacation somewhere.
The Athletics beat the Mets, 8-5. Coco Crisp homered and went 3 for 5 in a winning effort.
All I want for my birthday is for someone to take me to the aquarium.
Ready for what twitter will say after Miami shows up finally tonight
Ready to blow a fuck ton on pins Friday
Bout to put the mitts on PomV real quick...
I think you should just be nice to everyone
Dor will be the only one ever to call me bubie
This shit hole doesn't get bet .
is my favorite to listen to and just reflect on life... I will never get tired of hearing it.
Straight waisted my damn time on doing shit like that for you .
People want so much from me but never do nothing for me smd im in this alone been like this since day one
That bitch a Whole Creep following my Older brother on Twitter
Shorty on my team now it's us against dem haters
You try to be different for just one time and get reminded why you should remain the way you are.
Knicks are on their way to major roster changes Jackson starting to get it done.
Ion date I rather pay for pussy niggas sideways like that Asian pussy
Maybe you should leave, it will probably solve all our problems
\": Kings, Gaborik agree on a seven-year contract extension.\"\n-- DYNASTY --
Having a hot guy work at the front desk next to the bikes is tortured motivation.. I cant quit I dont want him thinking I'm a bitch ya know
I love the Chandler for Calderon trade in more ways than I can count.
EVerytime you kiss me, it's like sunshine and whiskey
May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all
My room is really big lol.
When I eat bad my mom says I'm going to get fat, and when I start eating healthy she's concerned Im going to get too skinny
Like when they say \"I loved so and so very much.\" Well no! Because life ends but love doesn't.
HELL YEAH! USA GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!!
Alot A People Dieing Round Here
Yesterday I ate a burrito. Today I ate a slice of pizza covered in the contents of a burrito.
I definitely want to see Jersey Boys when it comes out
I often tell you, please shut the fuck up and you don't fucking listen!! Just shut the fuck up!!
Get in my belly!
Mexico ima and now a new damn this Monday is going good
Get up boy!
Brenda told her mom to get a Afro LOL DONE
Spurs keep it up.
It baffles me how you can knowingly or unknowingly be so GD inconsiderate and careless with other peoples time.
this has to be the best display of team basketball in finals history by the .
I needa roll sum'n up and go on a long drive.. scratch that. I needa roll two up and go on a longer drive..
Someone will prolly have to pay my bail tomorrow screw it
I was trying to like fix that shit opened the wires and everything
Anyone know Maddie Mermalls birthday? I need it for some cable bill shit. Lemme know
dont try to go back just bc you see them doing better
At the end of the day I'm in Cali and having a dope time so whose the real winner here
USA Goooaallllllll!!! 1 minute in!!
I wish I was home right now. We had the best turnups on the fourth
You deserved it Steph
Happy opening day -- two more days until we head out to join the festival fun!
I always mean what i say.
Why do you have to be so annoying thooo
There's Messi. Thought we lost him for the summer. Absolutely fucking sublime
Shout out to my boy for representing Smithtown East and holdin it down for team LI tonight in the boomer game
I burnt my finger today, &amp; it hurts so bad still!
No beer sales after 5??? Is this Connecticut or Puritan England
one thing I definitely did not miss is that hot ass gym
Really annoying how I have to clean my whole house bc my family's coming
\": I been on one lately\"
Are you scared of The Fall?
We're all fuckeddd up
America the brave, still fears what we don't know.
My man Leonardo Dicaprio at the game!
My hair has gotten so long and it's so fluffy
I can lay I bed all day and not care about anything
lmao she cant even figure out how to work an outlet n extension cord ctfu commeeeonnn nowww
Lebronze + 2-3 Finals record = no Jordan
Clint Dempsey I love you
All I need is a party....... a good. Ass. Party.
I'm soo hard right now
I really wanted to go but fuck it..
me voy a ir a dormir, no doy mas
I should study tonight but instead I'm going to half apps to eat good
Excited for New York pride
Time to watch lost all over again
I'm the last of a dying breed
Either you wanna be wit me or you don't
OMG! Go USA!
mc lyte is just.. oh my goodness yes please
I don't even like talking about my problems anymore...
\" Live in the moment\ndont get old, dont judge people because you cant be free if you judge people Love now! Create! Inspire!\"\n-Mathew Silver
Lmao ! Who is this Lizamariepolanco that you speak of my name is baby
If you want a time machine portal to see what life was like 100 years ago, watch an organized religion deal with dissent.
\": i'm loyal, but i ain't stupid either.\"
Thank you to hon don white, hon john chiang &amp; hon 4 greeting us for the 25th &amp; conf
Just noticed I didn't finish that tweet lmfao
If your a dude and you take a shirtless selfie your being judged
Xerxes in Persjer, youah up next, what's up Xerxes?
I expected today to b totally different but then again that's what happens when you have expectations
It's a melodica, not a harmonica.
you can't love someone you hate being around.\nyou can't trust someone who has lied to you.
Idk how to pop a squat. Gon cry
I don't want to be high anymore
my only talent is typing song lyrics on my phone as fast as the actual song
What the heat doing right now son
Holy cowwww!!! Front row for IF\/THEN. And I get to see the bae, ! I'm so ready!
Mercury is almost out of retrograde, time to get a move on!
\"It's not like normal sugar, it's complex sugar. It has underlying thoughts and feelings\"
Nigguhs try to tell you what they want but Nigguh rarely give you what you need.
1\/2 the reason I watch anime is for the animation. This is why I prefer dubs. I don't like my eyes being locked on the bottom of the screen.
Cute ka e, cute kana.
Me gusta saber la verdad aunque me duela
The American Flag emoji is really having a moment today.
like why try so long for a second chance then not do anything with it when you finally get it? tuh.
When the shit starts piling get a shovel
It's 85 degrees in our house. We have no power or running water. Should just burn it down.
Why must it all be so difficult?
LMAO HE GRAPHED A DICK USING 0's
I don't see what's so hard for people to just speak on shit they only have business with .... worry about yourself annoying ! Ta'e
My brother just threw out his bed and is sleeping on the floor. I really don't know
Parents really don't acknowledge change in their child.
I hope Italy keeps moving on!
Why why why do I always feel like shit
On the acela down to Washington for some Nats baseball the next 2 nights
I should fill in these blanks
Need a story for best mans speech SOS
Don't be a dum bitch and I won't violate you
i wanna get into painting this summer. maybe knitting too
's a reason why I shop at COSTCO, they pay fellow Americans a LIVING WAGE &amp; understand what makes this 2\/3 Service Economy works.
Niggahs come with the curve so I respect it
Hahahah ronaldo was just like \"ehh maybe i was offsides\" with that facial expression
Just ran into a kid I went to high school with on the train. Crazy.
Nash wake up I need you.
Lets gooooo!!!!! Dempsey!!!!!
Why'd Brian dub my shit like we're not gonna end up being friends in the future?? Like why bitch why
The new era, the unisex era smmfh
My beautiful dark twisted fantasy has me feeling
Aww like kaylees the only one awake ain't this some depressing shit
&amp; now it's raining. &amp; I'm at mcdonalds. My life is on a downward spiral.
Like do you not realize everything I do for you?
Oh my god they're doing a bunch of songs by fun. This...
I've really toned down my antics.
You block me from your life, I block you from my heart
It's almost 4 in the morning and I'm up watching American Horror Story....
I won't take your relationship serious if your \"mans\" locked up lol what
its like you copy and paste your messages
Bruh why did I punch the wall
Then when I got home this spark set my shirt on fire and I had to do the stop drop and roll
And those are my thoughts on niggaz for tonight lmao
I just watched a shit ton of anime. Catching up on six weeks worth of Toonami shows I missed.
Final week in the ROC. Time to get dark
I'm never sour, I'm just smoking something much louder.
up since 4am, in a Mountain View hotel bedroom about to chair the monthly PC call with folk back home in the UK.
I wonder where my dad left to
Someone pls come hang with me at the tattoo store.
Can it just be pick number 30 already
Crying with gianna our life fucking sucks
Lavy and Neal chillin hard 2gether
Stop the bleeding plz
Am I the only one that actually hates soccer?
At automotive technology event at Computer History Museum
\"These hoes dont want him no more, he's cold product\"
It's all good
Now I'm curious to noe how this nikka look like thanks to P lol
Is it just me or do you think if Ke$ha rapped, she would sound just like iggy azalea
This guy needs a beer
I have to be up in 4 hours anyway
The prediction is still alive. From before the tournament. Germany vs Argentina final.
I love strangers that are so gosh darn nice.
Christopher Walken in a marathon? Call that Christopher Runnin'
Sometimes I feel I've got to *tap tap* run away I've got to *tap tap* get away from the pain
I've been listening to the same jason derul o song for an hr bc my music just disappeared
Me tiene nerviosa y de mal humor .
His exact words were \"you look mean as hell\" so it could go both ways you know
When a person you don't like, like your instagram picture? Tf is wrong with you! Are you stupid?
Really wishing I had money in itunes rn
When u finally get what u think u wanted. U realize u don't want it. U just thought u could use it.
new 650i coming soon or cls63
Me and had wayyyy too much fun last night LOL
It's Nina birthday in an hour and 17 min
I will never understand why our huge clients are so much easier to work with than our small ones.
\": what bitch? I'm single as fuck bro\" cuz ur an fagit
One minute up one minute passed out
It's hard to find friends who treat you with the decency and respect that you deserve nowadays
\": \"Ang hirap tumangi sa salitang \"Uy favor naman oh.\" ng crush mo. Aminin mo\" \"
Everyone's competing for the love they won't receive
The spurs have shown it. Good job guys, hopefully I ain't speaking to soon
I finally don't need to google Tyler Hoechlin to be able to see him
OMG MY LEGS ARE SMOOTH FEEL THEM
I wear my heart up on my sleeve and I bleed for you
those sending me tweets to purchase followers, \"STOP\"! My insight is my contribution to better &amp; uplift America COLLECTIVELY.
I may fall asleep at this graduation
You're lookin so fine with ya beer in the headlights
I want a big greasy juicy cheeseburger rn
FFS Bochy, fucking Arias now????
If mermaids were latinas \nthere would be a lot of boats in the ocean\nwith no sailors on board.
Sometimes what you have been looking for has been in front of you the whole time
GOOAALLLLLLLL FUCK YESS LETS GO
Question of the day: is alive this morning????
I still can't believe you're gone. what the fuck :(
We all had those nights that we will never talk about again, but will never forget, \n\nHELLO New York City !
You don't know how living in NY fucks with us spiritually.
How you get paid fri broke by mon
Bottles up-bottoms up, happy Fourth of July
Wht da f everybody on sayin even da host
I may be the first person to ever drunk Instagram... Wow.
Celebrated 9 years of marriage tonight by NOT waiting 90+ mins at TRATA for a table. Pane Vino hit dinner out of the park!
I was expecting a goal too early...
Feeling Beautiful .. Feeling sexy seems like an ancient emotion.
That moment when the dj (my bestfriend ) puts The World Is Ours and I'm the only one singing and dancing. it's your fault! Lol
The Notorious B.I.G. was known for his superior dental hygiene
Welcome to the New York Islanders, Michael Dal Cole!
OMG - reading at union sq Barnes and noble - Joan is marrying 2 men!
Hey you should come see me
playing a game that would be great if it had no combat
All three of my dogs ran onto the screen door in a row but my dog just took down the whole door
My stomach is so hungry but my jaw is like no bitch close your mouth I'm not gunna chew shit
ive heard it and had it on repeat for the last 2 hours...i think my mom wants to kill me right now
3 out of my 7 boys that came to the Yankee game got kicked out...and it's only top of the 4th
ridiculous someone would schedule a show the same night as the BET Awards
Hate people that act one way around you but different around other people .
Cracking bloody goal!!!!
5 years ago today RIP to the greatest to ever do it
proud @ katie for retweeting all my proud @ tweets and for getting me flowers
One night I'm in Sj &amp; it ain't poppin
Don't think ima make it to work today..
I may die when I'm like 5 feet away from
United Fuckin States baby
Glad that the Spurs are leading
im just kidding guys... im not an asshole
Smoked a cigarette with Rene at the hotel before we left... last one I'm gonna have with my brother for 3 months
doesn't relate to me anymore but true wit out the crying lol
I have a 7 year old wow time flys
Hella tired and I gotta get up at 6
You need no defense against Greece cause they'll fuck their chances of scoring a goal by themselves.
Haciendolo muy lento, en mi habitacion
American bar goes wild. Check my snapchat.\nGoldenballs-7.\n\nSCENES
Keep a 30 on my side like I play wit stephen curry
Listening to \"this must be the place\" rn with all my clothes on
E Bosno moja ..
Hey congrats on the constant mediocrity. Most of America will forget this year's performance in a week...
-so you can keep me indeed the pocket of your ripped jeans..
the world cup has reminded me to appreciate South American culture\/women .
Lololol what an interesting life I lead.
Malificent. A rape victim gains back her dignity and swears to never let her rapists' past crimes affect her relationship with her daughter
Went to go watch one of my shows. Took a two hour nap
Don't be that should've ,would've ,could've person..
Thank fucking god !
I see people getting older, but they never grow up .
On my break with my fellow Muricans, watching Murica in the World (Murica) Cup
First holiday off in a year and it's raining..
Trying to convince Janey to give the cute boys at school my snapchat
Taking a hot shower when you have sunburn is beyond hell
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLL USA USA USA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why is there nothing to do in this town apart from get foo or get drunk
People who think that once you're in bed with them you have to do whatever they want are the literal worst. No one has the right to do that.
El oh el
Her eyes make the stars look like they're not shining.
The heat just gave up. Wtf?
Over emotional people make me uncomfortable lmao
That was badass !! Gooooal USA!
If someone really wanted to talk to you they would.
Like why are you so friendly ? For what ? Ok
Van Persie I forgot that dude was even playing hahaha
Idk about any of you but I tweet everything...the only tweets in my drafts are duplicates and other tweets that wouldn't send
I want to have my cake and eat it to but
PLS FIND THE NEAREST CLIFF AND JUMP
I be lying about schools and ish lol I only wanna go to Bakersfield high that's it
Jko students is there school tomorrow to pick up the report cards
These two jobs are gonna kill me
I'm praying fifty times before I take this test
ima run to her and lie right to her face..
I need to clear my head
Demo day season continues. Today
Unless like, my mum lets me have a weekend long sleepover thing HAHAHA
Just walking sober through pride to work makes me feel like I should bathe before clocking iN it is a literal slum
I NEED to go get a pedicure this week
I appreciate the fact that my mom wakes up every morning to make my dad his cup of coffee without him asking her to
For the love of god make him stop
The whole time I'm there it feels like a punch in the stomach all day.
Everything i tweet i spell wrong
I was gonna try and work a double today but these hoes trying me. So at 4pm I'm out!
Popovich not even interviewed. Good job ESPN.
Follower by a panic attack lul
Life is really so simple, we just make it complicated
My name is Chanel and im addicted to sniffing crack .
Soooooo Fukin happppy !! I found my fav shirt
Anyone else's mouth feels weird when they eat pineapple ? ? ?
My mommys so good to me taking care of my little pregnant ass lol..but she knows she only getting one grand baby out of me. One and I'm done
This town is lame this summer
holy shit that goal was crazy... I'm the only one going for Portugal and all the people in my house scream for that goal
Ppl who act like the shit on the internet but really are a piece of shit in person lol, why do it to yourself?
I'm gonna miss Handel he's taught me so much about life like how not to be a square and what's cool and what's not
Me im just proud of the fact that youve done it your way
Jacob can quickly make me the saddest and happiest person alive ... but right now im sad and mad
Ehhhh. RT : Air bending &gt;
What's the point of having an appointment if I still gotta to wait
Ronaldo is def injured
You would think he would have some better looking calves since he has a high heels fetish.
I'm tryna go outside already
125 million people watched the last Super Bowl, 1 billion people watched the Spain v Netherlands World Cup final in 2010
I need a 2 DVD's of both of Timmy's no hitters asap.
Quote this with your blood alcohol level right now
Sometime in April I lost all my financial documents
Idk why I still try, as long as I'm here I'll be alone
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way you at times speak to yourself, how long would you allow that person to be your friend?
Not 5, not 6, not 7
\"Is there a score?\" I'm sorry, sir, but what the hell kind of question is that?
Switched at birth comes in tonight..!!!
alexa cantando funk no twitter nao acredito
I miss Kristan when I'm at work
Shes beautiful, what should I do, put Nutella on her ?
I guess people just smoke pot inside bars now.
El negrito y la blanquita se aprendieron a querer.
If you tell me I'm wrong I don't want to be right
I'm tryna eat pizza with somebody and watch a movie
Looking slow for nappers..too sus
Ignorant Muslims make the REAL Muslims look bad.
does anyone know how i can get to mohegan sun for a concert? like the easiest way possible?
How do I say it ?
Like fuck all I ever did was show up and joke around
Growing up without a daddy only made shit harder
IM SO MAD I LOST MY FKN FAVORITE NECKLACE
At that point of no return. Officially starting to eat better and workout more often.
Why is it raining? Why am I off? Why does it always rain when I'm off?
I FOUND A 20 dollar BILL IN MY POCKET
This family is the best thing that has ever happened to me
All of the Greek players look like Disney villains
This Chinese man is making me feel really uncomfortable at turning stone
My eye bags are so ugly
Drove all the way to Staten Island to come home with a loss.. Happy Father's Day, Dad lol...
Woah. Teddy Roosevelt is at the game?
Vegas was so dope. Can't wait to go back with the bros.
My young son is slaying girls in Rhode Island killem
I love you more than kayne love kayne
Once Your with my i Guarantee There's Nothing Better.
Certain men will act a certain way whether they're married or not. Marriage isn't anything more than a piece of paper we hold value to
I'm in so much pain rn and I have graduation practice in an hour idek what to do at this point
I love that my mom is a sign language interpreter! It's so much fun learning
\": She fell for you and all you did was cross your arms. \"
Step your game up or stay the fuck at home
Our brain and rhythm, how to synchronize...
i don't even have the energy to be fake today
Transformers tonight is about to be fantastic.
Forget your girl she go keep hatin
Once they make an app that tells you who muted you im so screwed
So the next day he stands next to me chewing gum hard so i asked if he had gum and he did and he was like \" you see im not fake \"
Yeah I mean you already wrote for us, damn nigga what's one more quote for us?
No bs tho lol or I ain't watching this shit
And I'll be out of here at 7 I'm perfectly fine with all that
First year in a long time that I've been able to spend both Mother's and Father's Days with the appropriate parent.
Love is cursed by monogamy
I going to ... Anyone else?
Social media has ruined everything there is when it comes to having relationships &amp; friendships. Can we all just go back to AOL?
School went great today and work too ahh loving life!
Really annoyed with your dumb ass.
It doesn't really matter if I fail tomorrow cause my major doesn't give two fucks about math. Then again, ill probably change it a lot Lol
Now that I think about it mr. Allen definitely always knew when I was stoned in class and always humored me
Holy Grail by Jay-Z and Justin Timberlake is such a perfect song
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear of dying without having laughed at all.\n\n--Jean de La Bruyere
Now I have to listen to music on my phone
KeKe got her cat out! Wth
Too many bitches act like Facebook is playboy magazine
I love my perks!
Demoseeyyyyyyy - are you kidding me?
Giants fans are trying to start the wave in nosebleeds. For those who abuse the word torture, THIS is torture. (Ahem, )
Talk about leaving it all on the court!
Although we're still laying over in JFK from St. Lucia, onto dreaming about a adventure in a couple weeks. Bring it!
Just got from the city and have to be up at 4:45 to drive to the airport but first lemme play some Mario Kart!
You'd think it's about America but nahh
Why are we bike riding in the city right now omg
We have a certain number of days, some less than others. They shouldn't be spent with, or talking to anyone that makes you feel less than.
I csn not do this hospital stuff, it really freaks me out
Super excited for\nbrunch date tomorrow with at !!!
Too drunk to fall asleep someone helllllppp sos
This is my awkward \"are you here for church oh no you're not I guess but I still want to be friendly\" smile.
People are so immature these days.
That was a sick shot
What is the point omg why are we here if we just die
Anything you can do, an eleven year old Asian girl can do better.
\": I love them big booty girls with the long hair!\"
Niggas shot at me and missed? Ooh know The Lord blessed em
Susana just got locked in a movie theatre bathroom so I had to get the manager to get her out
Somebody take me to the store
Hol up hol up hol up 8*
tenho q fechar o portao ainda porraaaa
Love sleepin in on the weekends
Need new heels for Hamptons next weekend - options are 6\" hooker look, or cheap and tacky trollop - guess my Havianas are making their debut
Highed up thinkin bout the best move next
Can anyone confirm that I just saw Chris Brown on water street in Dumbo???
I aint gonna trip off a weak ass man
Una reunion muy provechosa con Hackers &amp; Founders , con para innovar y crear startup en el mundo. Great!
Watching big brother and knowing would have been the star...
Let's not put Ambrose in the match and waste the best wrestler from the sheild split
Test 4. Does this pop up? If not, does it exist?
DAMN 30 SECONDS AND FIRST GOAL!
I demand passion pit back in the bay this summer.
I've never gone to bed so fast in my life hahaha I literally hit the pillow last night and was out...I woke up with my light and slippers on
We should have a lineman 7 on 7 too!!!!!!!
In the long run it's better off like this
Who wears a fucking beanie to the beach
My mom just told me to take my fries out of the trash when I told her I was hungry thanks dena
Old people are a pain in the ass
I do this to myself
all plans cancelled thanks mother nature you bitch
I dnt got the time lol
I need friends so feel free to enter my dms so we can be friends
This girls boyfriends mom just called her fat lmao
It's 5am and I can't sleep so I just watched a video of a dog eating corn on the cob. Fuck you, internet.
Ohhhhh word I'm a dirtbag! Turnup
Girl just wants some sushi or any kind of food at this point
I just don't see how someone can be so fucking selfish
i don't need answers to my problems, I just need someone to listen to me sometimes.
bruh I really don't have any swimming trunks
Jack needed to add two snaps and a circle. Get in the car and let me do what I know how to do. BOOM!
All the pain that you feel you can tell that we ain't making no love, but I'll pretend oh girl I'll pretent
August Alsina - Nobody Knows. ..\n\nMan this song is everything
The emotion and feelings that pour out of your body when you're truly singing things that mean something personal to you
1001 - I love how even if we don't talk everyday we're still close &amp; how I can literally talk to you about anything.I'm always here for you.
US and A!
Today I spent $30 on junk food. I hate myself lol.
\": Id take the pill from limitless\" nahhh the after math is not worth it ctfu niggas were cracked out over that shit lmao
Now they're saying Lebron to the clippers. What the fuck lol
This teen wolf army is AMAZEBALLS
sometimes you're just a lawnmower breaking the through the atmosphere on your way back to your home planet
LOL well they just knocked our other striker out
Hopefully tomorrow gives a good teaser of moe down to come later this summer
Why the fuck outback charging us for water
Every time a pigeon flys over me I'm praying it doesn't take a shit on me
Ballin like sports drinking leanorade
Lol I love how everyone assumes shits about them. But I mean if the shoe fits wear it
JUST got to work and already want to leave.
there is a talenti cart at bryant park so u can check that off my bucket list
i will never give up on a person.
Dear god, we have an excellent keeper
Took me min lil got a haircut &amp; some sass!! ~Love it! 10 min in, what knucklehead named this show?!
Hoping our lottery luck continues
Last RT is why it's worth it to collect cards.
HOW IS NO ONE TWEETING ABOUT RIGHT NOW WAT WAT WAT.
Pienso y luego se me para, digo; existo.
Jens took a ball to the throat today for the kids
Damn the spurs embarrassed the heat.. That's just.. Wow.
English motherfucker do you speak it
It's not about what I want cause that doesn't matter
Is there really not a simple way to make the tweets go in the other direction? Like so they can be read from top to bottom?
Now @ Toby Keiths bar, cow girl boots everywhere... Very nice!!!!
Thats what i get for always trying to be nice
So painfully bored
I need to be tan rn
Im employed ,a college student and learning how to drive......\nI feel so grown up
I seriously never thought I'd say this: That was better than \"I'm gonna need a hacksaw.\"
How is it possible that I've been watching PS I love you for 30 min and I'm already crying...
On the other hand my moms just told me that she's been talking to someone for a minute...
PLS BE MORE HOT BOYS WHEN I HOPEFULLY GO THERE
Ok so Orange Is The New Black might be my next show to get into to!
IM HAVING A MENTAL BREAKDOWN RN
Probably one of thee best days ever.
Not ready to go back to work. This weather makes me want to just stay at home.
Buying a ticket then selling it . Sucks but had to.
I'm angry and very disappointed but hey what I can do about it? Spurs have been more consistent and efficient.
Can any girls play softball tomorrow at 6pm at Eisenhower?
Such a great day with great people
I can hear maddy breathing from across the room
Happy birthday to the kid I once really really hated but now consider one of my good friends
Considering getting up and going for a run right now
i wish i could have a hunger games of my friends to decide where i should live next or stay here
I don't want to leave but you're not doing anything that makes me want to stay.
It's always that one person that think they know what they talking about
should this be the last thing i see, i want you to know it's enough for me
I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you.
Favoriting a tweet by accident is like getting walked in on during sex
I should not be trusted with my phone drunk :p lol
They are just letting those in and I just heard ESPN say \"the quality is superb.\"
On my journey to become better!
Ever have that moment that u know you shouldnt move from your bed cause its the best moment ull have for the day?!?!
I'm all against having my time wasted
After body shots, spin the bottle or something?
Someone help me Meghan has way too much energy rn
Ore got me second doubting everything
ok the office has adopted me for the day and they're playing Beach House so thats ideal
WERE GONNA DIE LIKE THIS YOU KNOW, MISERABLE AND OLD
| Free weed free weed, free pills, shit hollow don't do deals |
Go spurs!!! Win the championship!!!
\/\/En su estilo lo veras -Le folla la mente-
7am alarm clock set. Another long day tomorrow. But gotta love my job
Yay get to c my love in a few
i have the biggest crush on Betances i dont even care
So who's comin to the beach Wednesday ?
Terry Richardson &amp; I just crossed paths. Happy birthday to me?
From high school I learned that the saying, \"chicks before dicks,\" is simply just a saying. &amp; it has no relevance to most females.
all I ever wanna do anymore is sleep
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same
I can't lie a lot of these Korra plot points are really cut and paste but I'm having FUN okay?!
Nap or go get trash bags worth of my shit?
Okay, New York - best bagels near Central Park...? Fill in the blank.
People you do the most for need appreciate you.
looking at people's best friends on snapchat truly tells a lot about them
It's been awhile since I posted a blog entry. What to write, what to write .. .
Just when you think you're having a good day: FEELINGS.
Shaved Ice + Lean &gt;&gt;&gt; Shaved Ice + Regular flavor
\"no puedes escribir un nuevo capitulo en tu vida si no dejas de leer el anterior\"
But it's time to face the truth. I will never be with you.
none of the examples he made us memorize helped bc they were a whole complete different thing
Why is your face on my TL pls khtefe
Completly done w life ha bye
She bull shiddin on the mic
Ja kad odgledam Adilov spot meni poraste inspiracija za tvitove.
Made my lunch for tomorrow, put it in a bento box, and picked out my work clothes. At least my lunch and outfit will be cute
And I'm not even watching the awards y'all killing me with these pictures
it's the worst closing for work, &amp; then opening the next morning
Heat give up. That's it.
Proper planning prevents poor patriotic parties. Plan to pick up these provisions for your Independence Day party.
there are soooo many cars parked on my street. holy shit.
I heard it's the softest thing ever
I'm jacked and tan and you know it
I should be doing my essay but guess has some nice dresses that i need to have
Hate myself when I log into fb and see all the ugly creatures that come from chenango county
You just a savage. Your opinion is invalid RT : Everyone is someones leftovers, cant let that shit stop you
my parents go to mortons religiously yet we've never been there, i dont even know why thats necessary
Does anyone else get frustrated with when U type the address &amp; have 2 press start a million X just for it 2 tell U where to go?
Myriad of plans and I'm sitting home dying
You Gotta Love \"Ultimate Vs 3\".
Haven't had a live music happiness hangover in a long time. Feeling goooood today.
Bro this guy who just sang in Americas got Talent can sing omg
Over trying to make plans with people.. Who cares anyways
You'll always be in my heart.
I think a lot, but I don't say much.
Boye was 14 in the air
If we date just know that whenever you wanna cuddle like that's totally fine with me I'll provide the blanket and the kisses
Sharapova and Dimitrov need to practice second serves together
Hes a hillbilly nigga MOVE ON
Remember in AC when Dan slept under the air mattress
Best part of that goal though was ' soulful embrace with a RANDO AT THIS CRACK DEN BAR.
Seriously? the can score a but not
Looks like I'm gonna need to go into the Apple store again tomorrow since my computer shut off AGAIN UGH I HATE LITERALLY EVERYTHING
\"How do you know the difference between a swiffer and a swiffer wet jet?\"
\": So hard to stay mad at a girl wit good vagina\"
Another day, another dollar at TGI's
My parents are buying a new truck and they just bought a new SUV but they tell me I need to buy my own oreos because they need to save money
I feel that I'm to old to be beating around the bush with these females! If I just want to fuck I would bluntly tell you!
Someday this pain will end
If you're a comic book person in New York, the play \"King Kirby\" is worth catching. Bit hagiographic but still.
My girl looks better than yours
Spending the evening at with . I feel like I am cheating on .
portugal is just and the us is
If I get anything above a 64.99 ill cream my pants
and now I'm ready for bed with my love.
Me + you, ill take that number.
Why are you at the gym in a cardigan and flip flops just wondering
this is actually me right now
petition to change the meaning of hoe to a girl who plays with guys emotions.
Hey guess what I'm stoned so enjoy all the RTs!
Sigh it hate Mother Nature
Number 2 on Cameroon has hair game for days!
Cuarnto amo a mis padres!!! sin ellos no hubiera logrado nada de lo que so hoy...
Be a good baby do what I want.
First day of training about to start
IM SO HOT MY NETFLIX ACCOUNT AINT WORKING
THE PEOPLE are a nucleus of COLLECTIVE that will SURVIVE, GROW &amp; ADVANCE TOGETHER! the sooner some realise that HATE &amp; FEAR is MUTED.
Holy $hi$ ! Doing Tide commercials now? Way to go!!
You know I'm not the one to break promises ...
Every night i say i wont do this shit from tomorrow on.And i am a man of my wrds bcz i dont do any shit nxt day which also includes study :(
Oh come on, even I haven't watched Enterprise. This kid is just a masochist
I've waited for this day since the first day of school
what a start though
if you got a girlfriend on thanksgiving cool, if you got one today :\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
Ok he flopped lol
\"Talking to my self... Buy I never listen\"
I'm laughing way too hard rn
Why couldn't I be born into the kardashian family. Probably could've had a range rover by now
I'm so disrespected when I voiced opinion
Well, the Tampa Bay Rays just arrived at my hotel. The joy of being in NYC...but awkward. Not wanting to bug anyone for autographs.
CMC vs. Made\/Bingo's All-Stars up next!
kerry washington. Queen of bounce back.
LT: Concerts in the are an epic experience. Something about that South Beach way of life. (CC: )
Cousin: \"But does she got a booty. \"\n*5sec later* \nCousin: \"she got a booty\"
a cool thing about tonight is that there is either an overactive parking garage exit klaxon or a bank robbery and i can hear it all
Every guy treats me like shit &amp; I'm sick of it
You cut me open and I keep bleeding loooooveeee lol
My brother is so annoying
Extremely Hard To Accept, But What Can I Do?
Just for spite and until they change their name, I say we also boycott \"Five Guys\"
\"Age doesn't matter unless you're a cheese\"
Shits crazy lol all ya do is try and get somebody to join your \"team\" and make them sign people up for nothing
Does ab souls album really drop tomorrow ?
We got kick out of the house ...
Watching the Purge, this movie is soo stupid....
I'm glad you flatter yourself and classify us as \" was talking\" relax sweetie your not even on that level .
Jus so y'all know..this the last time we'll see the \"Big Three\" together.
swing my way let me take you somewhere that I'm headed, baby you can play
Miami took basketball 101 class tonight!!!
Perfect time for a punching bag
Back on that iphone 4 flow
I won't believe in love until Zac and Vanessa get back together
I can not wait till I move out like bye hate you all
I can't stand when ppl don't follow through with their words
me and paul have been friends for some time. he hasn't seen me
She gotta Fat pussy still working out tho
It smells like vomit. Yuck.
You don't always have to wear a bikini to the beach ok bOYS LIKE WHO DO U THINK U R QUESTIONING GIRLS\/MY OUTFIT
I did it all for you
lol fav if u had a shitty stepdad
Seriously someone please pick me up I'm at union landing
its looking like 4\/20 today fr
It is a nervous happy.
NFS I used to be swagless. I dead had to stupid fashion ... Or should I just say Yeezy Taught me ?
yo te re doy me dice el chaboncito jajajaa que manera de querer levantar una chica eh jajaja que pajero XD
YEAH GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL !
Mica stay tryna front on me
What you are looking for is looking for you.
The fact that I get to sleep in 8 hours over joys me!
This week has been Fucking awful
These refs wanna play so bad !!
You're the first I tell anything to.
I kind of want to just to eat vermicelli noodles forever
Last time made the postseason i was in 1st grade lol
Watching Avengers again and it still gets to me when Agent Coulson goes. Even after a season of
Adrienne Bailonne has changed since she used to be in the Disney channel on Cheetah Girls. I dont like her now on the carpet
Ready to be home and in my bed.
Me this morning: ::Alarm:: ::hit reset:: \"6am, time to get up\" ::pass out:: ::wake up startled:: \"6:45, holy crap! now I am running late!\"
If I text ya back it's a pretty big deal, but don't expect it to happen often
Am I childish for wishing that superpowers were real?
Yes.. Glad the Spurs finally beat the dumbass heats.. Never like LeBron James.. Wade is cool though
I think I'ma K'O, fuck this.
Some bitches need to learn where tf they truly belong.
Andre Maur seemed down today. I had my mom call him. He's a great friend and I pray he is feeling better. He is such a good man. Love him..
All I wanna do is adventure
Where? RT : Does anyone know what time the fireworks start?
Me alegra haber visto varios partidos de un mundial y uno de argentina
I don't wanna loose any of you but I think I already have..
Plans for this weekend, not to b able to remember what I did thus weekend, I plan on being GONE!!
Nervous for my big date (first episode of the first season of Law &amp; Order.)
I wish you were like that. But i mean nobody is perfect.
I got two hands, one beating heart &amp; I'll be alright, I'm gonna be alright
The dream is still alive for everybody to advance if and draw this match.
Going to see with my bro and my boy at Central Park on Wednesday
I'll be thinking about you as I order my 4 Taco Bell Doritos nacho cheese tacos
Approximately 80% of the pictures on my Instagram feed make me think \"who the hell took that picture?\"
Tyrann in the game lol
I'm so slumped right now it's outrageous I need sleep
Goodness gracious, I can't seem to stop calling it off just to keep crawling to your arms.
Happy birthday to my beautiful mom and happy 4th to all of America!! :)
aw I'm happy for costa
Love being up this late with a final tomorrow
yo clint really sliced him with that move. ayo when yall gonna teach me that move
\": \"Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.\" \"
que rico mucha creepy demaciada !
\": you a hoe if you follow me\" *Unfollows*
Y hace persona tampoco ni tanto.
Can't wait for Germany vs Portugal tomorrow and also USA vs Ghana. .
Shout out to the fam coming to making it feel like home
He's real and just as perfect as you could ever imagine
Why is chemistry so hard? or am i just an idiot? i'd take trimble 29 times again before chem
I love dance
Girl you're 5'3\" and your boyfriends an inch taller than you
No more subs i gotta stop
I'm only turning 17 for senior year, everyone else will be 18 :(
Am I weird for wanting to start classes?
Y am I not in manhattan at the park drinking a cappuccino by the fire
Posting random dream matches for O'Ryan James.
My set was super fun. That place always has a great energy.
Going to ride dirt bikes on the streets tomorrow
That awesome moment when calls towards the end of dinner and it's like he's here!
Nearly got though my first day at camp
\": On my way to X Factor auditions. 4th day. Some very strange people have turned up.\" The other judges?
I'm not a violent person, but I'm going to severely hurt reed
But when Nani's with Manchester he's cool lol.
John Travolta is a hell of an actor
Baby take your time we don't need to rush
My brother sent an embarrassing video of me to his friends and they're probably all making fun of me in group chat
I clearly can't talk and type at the same time lmao
Words can not describe how done I am with everything right now
\": . Fb ?\" Nope none uh dat haha
I suggest you do the same my nigga. Well you probably already did
Hey \n\nIf I find an indian man selling beanies.\n\nWith strawberries on it.\n\nOr vaginas or something.\n\nI'm sending it to ya.
the ghost that follows me just scared the shittt outta my friends
I believe that we will win I believe that we will win I believe that we will win I believe that we will win USA USA USA
Hit me of you're going to Pride
I'm still finessin like I'm Timmy Duncan
my mom told my sister if she has another abortion god will punish her im just so sad that even my mother will scare her
Goes to Mexico for a week, gets tan. Goes to the jersey shore for 2 hours, lobster.
*pops melatonin while clocking out of work*
Honestly why doesn't autocorrect understand me
Yes, just like everything else, this country has good and bad. If people want to tweet about the bad, well so be it.
Okaay .. So poetic and I have no idea what it means .
It's so fucking hotttt
Bump to music when I'm upset
I hate how i transfered schools and now i have noooo friends.. No one to hangout with
Isaac is the only one who will remember that tweet from last summer
Yasssss USA goal!!!!! Ily Jones!
I can loose trust in you &amp; still be cool, but I wont look at you the same
goddamn it PS3 installs take forever
Soccer game was serious today.. Great time
let's just all tweet some lyrics
Can tweet but not answer my message cool.
And I couldn't have been born into a Korean Gangster family because...?
KAYLA JUST CAME BARGING IN MY ROOM BLASTING AMNESIA THIS ISN'T OKAY IM
Still on the first trimester of Spanish.
Red, White, and Better Than You.
The fun starts tomorrow night and ends on Sunday. SO ready for this weekend
Frank Lloyd Wright is forever one of my favorite architects.
5:00 am strolls towards the Barclays Center makes me feel that no one else is awake
Finalmente despues de 70 minutos aparecio Mensi
NOT EVEN A MINUTE
MAKKAJAKAHDKB WITHOUT YOU IM A LOST BOY
I can't do minimum wage or anything less than 12.
Why do I have to wake up being me
I could stay on the phone with Kylie forever.
I'm starting to like white girls again lol
The fact that's Sky's mom is going to meet Obama..
Few things suck more than 3 hour flight delays.
Cut myself with thinning shears today. Like a genius.
Mr. jones got a rocket!!!
Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we bestfriends? Are we something?
To all you graduates going to suffolk dont worry it is as bad as you heard
Till my cardiac arrest me and my 40 ounce is empty
Pretty sure I can hear a Giants game from my hotel room.
Lol wait a min did I really almost get fired. ..???
Modern family is the funnies show. It never gets old
rockin' Micky Mouse bandaids over my nips right now rather than wearing a bra
And now i have to do all the work.
Summerset Special appearances tonight: FlatBush Zombiez,, ASAP Nast, ASAP Ty beats, ASAP Any,ASAP Ferg, ASAP Rocky, Action Bronxon, Ab-Soul.
Why does everyone wear irrelevant ass keychains on their pants?
If you're not willing to take a risk, then you don't want it bad enough.
Didn't get the memo that we were all dressing nice oops I look like a bum
4 people all just sent me a snapchat saying the same thing
Surrounded by German supporters in my house. Mein Gott
Alexander McQueen was a genius child.
23:08 KJ6HOT (adam) on W6\/CT-054 (Bertha Peak, 2500m, 8pt) 14.3425 ssb: Existing QSO on this frequency [K0LAF]
Owww. . .Clint Dempsey. Even my nose hurts. :'(
This ref is prolly american
never gonna grow up, never gonna slow down.
DON'T GIVE NANI SPACE FFS.
MIAMI CAN'T LOSE YET
Lol T.I. said \"let me make this formal with a hoodie and wrap it up like a sweater \"
I hate when twitter says hmm couldn't send your tweet. Why fucking not
Too many highs and lows
The sun came out in Commack!!!!!!
Made it home in time to watch the draft. Can't wait to see who pick
Im crying man we going to the quarterfinals
Anyone wanna do something I'm not trying to wait around for anyone
At times like this, who is there to turn to?
She doesn't even look like this in real life wtf
\": my emotions are all over the place\"
I'm fucking done omg my brother and cousins don't know when to quit like my nigga
I like the intensity of soccer fans. I would love to have seen NYR fans go outside of LAK hotel and wake em up with chants
197lbs, still on the way down bitches
Sos need a friend to go to the beach with on wednesday
Send me that soundcloud link
I'm not even crying anymore I'm fucking sobbing, what is wrong with me
Happy birthday to my good friend have a great day
that location shit is crazy af
Just had a classic \"black guy loves big white girl butt\" incident
What a gloomy .... The rain is making me want to \n
Gotta listen to Jb,august,ariana n milas albums. R&amp;bfinesse
I used to be really sad all the time and now I look back at it and realize nothings as bad as it seemed
Yesterday I didn't out pants on until 7:30 ?
Slept for 20 hours like a boss :D
Everyone's a bit of a liar
I ain't got time fo dat dat machine no mo
Going to lifeguard in a hurricane.
Everyone is all excited to get engaged and have kids at my age and all I'm excited that I'm not dealing with any of that.
Sometimes I wonder how my life would be if I wouldve grown up in NYC
I have the feeling of a really good tweet coming on!
People have become so good at compartmentalizing their pain that they don't even know where they've hidden it all...
THERE IT IS!!!!!
I'm listening on radio. Where does that throw rank on the Cespedes list?
Come On show 'em why you here in the
The situations insane but it's like what do I do now ?
A brother loses his job because you are able to trade coaches wtf kind of shyt is that how u trade coaches is so they need a salary cap
What is up with these red envelopes!?
I want a rat rod also
And Our Scars Remind Us That The Past Is Real , I Tear My Heart Open , Just To Feel
Atleast I know my cousin won't let me go to sleep like this. I love him.
Wow this violent gamer is now stalking people. Not surprised
I hate when you do this whole \"space\" thing.....
anyone sellin a Gucci or Louie V backpack? hmu on dm or text me
I want a cool coffee cup
Nothing I say or do is ever going to good enough for anyone. I keep fucking up.
My smell so good
Staying in my play pretend where the fun ain't go end.
Fuck you, thunder you can suck my dick. You cant get me thunder because you're just Gods farts.
may want to consider moving to Spain permanently - the media are going to FRY him if they lose this now
Red Dragon is a weird fuckin movie kid
Soccer camp with the my main bitch? Yes.
Vamos Portugal todavia se puede... .
Plans for tonight: buy and watch 21 Jump Street then go see it. \n\nBut who's gonna be my date.
A le voy..... Ohjala que eliminen a esos alemanes!!!
some headlights should be illegal seriously cars were blinding me for a good 15 minutes
Fearfully and wonderfully made...no matter what the stupid OC says. Big girl...you are beautiful.
A sheriff just peeled out behind me on my way home from work.. Should I be worried?
It looks like your happy.. cant be mad at that
I told myself not to do it... But yet I did lol fuckk hahah
cannot wait until tomorrow! My two teams play on the same day
I always lose one motherfuckin extension
I love my best friend i really do
Dwayne wade looks old!
Tyler my heart is breaking for him ohmygod
BLY A YE MANGALA KA PA KAI
Beautiful weather and no one is doing anything
ive done the same pose in my last five pics on instagram
\"What I Did For Love\" killed it. now to wait for
I get so excited when I get new music
This is actually the first World Cup game I watched sorry hope there's still some room on this bandwagon for lil ole me
Miley is a slut that got some good music
I just wish you'd realize how much she loves &amp; wants you
I love Dempsey
Came back to do the Same thing as before..
Grateful for the men who fought for my freedom today and for the Man who paid the ultimate price for my eternal freedom.
ONLY JUSTIN WOULD DELETE A POST JUST TO REPOST IT AND PUT A CROWN AT THE END OF HIS SENTENCE IM LAUGHING SO HARD
Sup. I'm an slc alum now.
a modern reboot of designing women called developing women
Wishing you all a great 4th!
Lebron is coming to Philly
Wtf nice goal
DJ Mustard the hottest producer in the game right now dawg lol
Peopke get mad when you lie but they don't want to hear the truth
Whenever I spend a long time in my room alone I can feel Donna judging me for doing nothing through the walls
Do not talk to me online then not say hi in person I will eat you
Don't look down on me just bc I do things your to scared too do
So therefor im not basic lol im far from basic tf and if u knew me you'd know that im far from basic
So i guess Braille isnt a thing anymore?
I hate telling people I'm fully black and they're like \"you're so pretty I thought you were mixed\"
you cant help the revolution, because there's just evolution... every time im in georgia i eat a peach for peace
To NSA: that person at the talk tonight was not me. (I don't know how he got my phone.)
The only thing excited about that conversation was Dylan's ponytail.
.Six months from now, I've agreed with my colleagues to understand your tweet here and act accordingly -- and I promise to act.
Falling together with someone as appose to falling apart is one of the most amazing feelings in the world.
A rose by any other name still smells just as sweet
I'M NOT HOLDING THE MACHETE BACKWARDS IT'S DOUBLE SIDED.
Hate when people say new York is bad...
Butt meet sofa. is on
Ha! I LOVE this episode! \n\n\"DON'T TOUCH THE FUCKIN' BURGER!\" LOL
Percent of Kentuckians finishing college is on the rise! That story on at 5:34.
I sssssmeeeellllll barbbbbbbbbecuuuue
that's something I never want to relive.
Well it's not too nice out and I don't have work so I think I'm just gonna make myself a pork roll egg and cheese and call it a day
I see you crushin..so is we fuckin..girl or nah?
When you finally get to 800 Instagram followers and then unfollows you : - D
You tell me you're just not the type, you wanna do this right
can't wait to see every white girl Instagram themselves in clothing with the American flag on it
I can't stop thinking about the fault in our stars and how broken my heart is
I miss clowning with my mans Aroude, Drew, Pj, Josh, Moss, Stewart. Those were good times
My sleeping schedule is messed upppp
Aw so cute
Shane Battier, it's been a real pleasure.
Bout to take a fucking break
30 SECONDS IN
Tryna come up on some snakes and sparklers today
\": I hope you find a way, to be yourself someday\nIn weakness or in strength, change can be amazing\" deep
Please shut the hell up, thanks
Shower was everything. I'm ready for bed!
the real question is, why isn't kp texting me
Finally home had so many errands before and after class
Hate people who are scared to be their own person and have to pretend to be someone they're not.
If history is a show of anything I give France 12 minutes until they give up and let Germany walk all over them
Don't you hate it when you're put on the back burner because of a guy.
It's a great day to be an American.
Just talking to people doesn't mean that you really know them
\"...My heart, I set my mind aside &amp; I just let my heart talk...\" -The Best Husband God Put together... ILY Altamirano
The Panthers are on the clock...
Goddamn I love being back in Devil's country.
best baseball commentary ever.
I spend 80% of my life on the phone with Alex
American beer, why in the world are you so sweet? Clearly got used to the German beer taste.
JOHNNY FUTBOL COMING ON
Last night was too funny , I just sat back and peeped everything
Who remembers when all of Massapequa got catfished by the same girl?
Headed to tech but first picking up my three disposable cameras I had developed. This should be interesting.
summer is but an unfriendly reminder that you have no friends and nothing to do haha
Froze the keeper!!!!!! No chance!!!!
People. Go get the new album!!!
Idk though, just looking for people to talk to.
Baby it's your call, no pressure at all.
rt for an Indirect \nmbf bc goal is 5k
How bout you come up clutch with a grand slam, guy?
I guess is not a Long Island drink type of guy....
Hopefully I get my septum pierced before I go back to Cali
I've never met anyone who felt honored being stalked.
Kelly is a girl's name and I don't care!
Hard work beats talent when talent doesnt work hard.
People always complain about how hard it is to find love. The real hard part is walking away from love.
Boutta blow up twitter w all these lyrics
Feeling so distant from everyone Ive known\nTo make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Im eating healthy... I got ya bitch askin for a selfie !!!!!!!
I wanna see some of my followers try to do my last tweet
Who invented button flys? And why did I buy these pants? What was I doing? Oh right... *button* *button* *button*
I need to go to the mall
The song just makes me wanna slow dance it's such an amazing song with perfect vocals and music.
Don't know what I would do without tumblr at night
I just miss beating you in MLB and you rage quitting. Or playing team deathmatch and me rage quitting
Gonna hate life tomorrow, but I'm making that money doe
\"Thotties have bodies. Bodies have herpes.\"-BA
overheard on MUNI bus: \"I think Caltrain is nice. It's almost like an upper class BART.\"
Lately I've been eating so much cereal I'm down to my last bit of Honey Bunches of Oats
Albeit it wouldn't. happen as mass resignation shall be suicidal for PTI.
Repeating this to myself, I think I thought I deserved it, but I deserve do much more than what is being offered
I feel so stupid ever bragging and talking so highly about him.. People are never as they seem.
I don't like Aija anymore she knows too many Teaneck people
Why am I single when there is so many beautiful women out there
or maybe I should just be half boy from now on
I'll put a little sour in your sweet
Cheating me nah play that game a you fii have me last mame ~
I knew once one person got picked for the Ice challenge it was over for all of us hahah
What the fuck this bitch got on
That game was AWESOME
She deserve rounds , i need that in my life
MHS cheer tryouts tomorrow at 11am in MHS!!! Good luck everyone plz retweet mhs cheer!
Did you go to a lot of Giants games growing up?
Ljudi mojih godina su puno stariji od mene.
Fuck I gotta study for this final tomorrow
I had a dream resigned with the last night...
yo y mis pinches ganas de volverte a ver fuck!!!
LinkedIn from The Legend of the Job Offer
13 - your tweets are always top 5, feel free to dm me I feel we would get along odee
I can't wait to be in Monterey tomorrow :\/
Tomorrow ima go cop dem camo 95s. Thank you very much
I'm so happy rn
I wanna punch something but I also want ramen
*talking to uncle* \"Look at this picture i took of you, i uploaded it on facebook!\" *he comes* *shows him a pic of an ugly hippo* xD
Almost forgot I booked my surgery for July 2nd
Your wack if you talk shit about your ex
Still like can you hit it with you OVO goose on?
Allie just got pulled over on her way to see me rip
I hate life and everyone in life.
I think I got paid but I don't want to check because last time that happened I ended up buying mad people drinks at a bar..
That was fast lol
That's the one thing ive always hated about black music on TV... Most if it is cut off
When turns 20, this WHOLE ENTIRE FANDOM is gonna be bawling and jumping off cliffs...WATCH.
really ? i'm pretty sure the bar was harder than being on
Need a decent charger for these nice lithiums that came in the KX1. Might order new foam for this pelican as well.
i hate when bitches say they're \"scared\" of thunder, like stfu,
John Legend's voice isn't good for this song but he tryna bail her out
People think that they can just treat good people like garbage and get away with it.
now I want a nap
mark better get my hot cheetos ! fr .
I can't wait for the game tomorrow
Congrats to those graduating from Trenton High today and getting those diplomas tho.
Some one go give uh pillow so she can be \"I'm schleep doe\" she goon need it
I still don't trust the heat until the clock hits 0.00
I hope it rains all dayy until about 7
When you realize you trusted the wrong people &lt;&lt; I
Ew dont leave me on seen ,
New York City... Happy Weekend!
Okay rant over. I have 2 minutes left until clock in. Lol
crying bc im so excited for andrew to come home in 2 days
About time Messi!!!
Gabi Wilson is the greatest act musically to appear on TV in years and they literally just cut her off after 20 seconds.
It's gunna get worst I already known
En route to check out an apartment in Nob Hill on my favorite street in California... California street!
Spent nearly as much money on Metrocards as an unlimited month pass cost! Wtf! Over public transportation!
I like Kira, but her and Scott should NOT be together like wth
Can't Let You Go by Fab is the original side chick song.
lemme see ya do it wit no hands..
Could go for some viet food rn
Your love is breakin' the law but, I need it in witness
Its one thing to get beat, but give up? Idc how talented he is, there's whole lotta players id take before LBJ.
I'm confused as to how someone thought \"chile verde\" would be a good Instagram username
Fuck if I was THAT DARK, lord I would the champion of hide and go seek.
\"The Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be\"\n\n Carl Sagan
That awkward moment when your uncle is yelling at your coworker and you're right in the middle....
-REPITO: Te Llamaria PUTA, Pero Ofenderia A Esas Mujeres Trabajadoras, Ellas Se Venden Tu Te REGALAS ;)
Have a merry Cancer Season you bunch of fuckin' softies.
I fucking hate buses omg. Can't believe I gotta take the bus to work again this summer.
Matte nails got me feelin some typa way
YEAH CLINT DEMPSEY
these fries and ranch never tasted so good in all of life omg praise god
Que arrechera tantos amigos con carros que tengo y esos mmgvos muriendose con la maldita resaca y yo necesitando un favor de ellos :S
People in the east coast are scared of white men walking around the street instead of black men...
Your best friend is supposed to have your back not shit on you smh that mothafuckaaaa should not be your best friend huh
wow I miss Saturday, just want issues to come back already
My little sister just told me she and her friend spy on me and vicky and have a notebook to write it all down...
On the run tour tickets are 267 in A1 seating\nI need to buy it now!
My names coker and i have autism. Breehhhhh!
I can't wait to see and Chris brown performance
I'm making pancakes who wants some
Being a single lady in a new whip, I've been exercising my right to honk at every single runner I see...how does it feel!?!
Slick Van-fucken-Stache \nWith the excellent play at 1st to close the game. \nhoe
If tonight isnt lit, then i give up on life
I'm still laughing at 22 Jump Street.
You young retards dissing Tyson are embarrassing as hell
If anyone bitches about the weather in Newark I'll hunt you down and stab you with a turkey leg. The heat in Pleasanton is no joke.
This asshole needs to get out. Idk why he's so cocky for
Happy birthday to my Latina soul sister !!!!!! Missing you like crazy. Can't wait to be reunited..for a second time. ;) LOVE U
Well... I broke my fibula... So that's a thing..
so much emotional energy, I've been defaulting and converting it into creative energy, but it's getting overwhelming....
Don't kill time just enjoy it
Matt wants to catch the fade, shits obvi asf.
The fact that I woke up at 350 to go to the bathroom and still haven't fallen back asleep yet. I'm just not going to try
I believe that we will at least hold to a draw!
Is there a reason why season 2 of the Carrie Diaries isn't on Netflix..?
So I wonder how is feeling today
it's not really something i can just let go ya know it's not like that
Let me tell you when it comes to latin Google Translate is not your friend!
I haven't put pics, and video on my instagram for over 3 months already even know I don't have a phone with me like day 1.
Idk what I feel like doing tonight
Que le pasa a la gente? Porque tanto odio??
lana marina and lorde nd iggy are queen lol pce
You go out your way she breaking your wallet.
La re sube cuando ya se siente el olorcito a comida mmm
I hope BET loses all it's viewers when Iggy performs .
I can't deal with this town anymore
Ha Idk what I was thinking with my last tweet like I was really about to do that
It's cold af in my room I'm under 2 comforters
I just inadvertently huffed so much gas. I'm certainly going to have an interesting day.
I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name
!!Este nuevo video juego esta genial, y fue creado por mi socio el gran George Maisto en Miami! desde Nueva York, Thomas Mantuano
Netflix needs a \"never\" option when it asks if I want to update Microsoft Silverlight because it's never going to happen
don't know why I'm trippin so hard over this
my followers is the best .
222 being a dancer is way better then cheerleading
I want to have sex right now...
The third of July did me in
on my days off I still have to be up early . smh
Love hearing the hold steady in all star game ads.
I said it after preliminary games. Feeling a Costa Rica Cinderella story going deep into the finals. Now I'm pacing.
Putaaain ces Argentin ils Marchent oklm
IAN CONNOR AT CHAIN OF STRENGTH
Love the terminals in . get a clue! Plugs galore! Clean. Nice seating. Speakers you can hear!
DEMPSEY YOU MONSTER
Well my mom just told me to sit in the back so Brian could sit in the front...
I need to make opportunity
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
I JUST DONE BROKE MY BACK TRYINA SEND A BOOTY PIC BUT THIS HO DONT WANNA APPRECIATE IT SMH
Really think I saw my life flash before my eyes lmaoo
If you got enough cigars we can all smoke
Do you think petunia has ever gone in the chicken?
Dead Sea salty about missing Nats-Rockies with everyone tonight. My job can go suck a fuck.
Who the heck sets off a butt load of fireworks at 9:45on a Wednesday night in June???
Seriously, who did Damien Sandow piss off? Did he grab Stephanie's ass backstage?
It's hotter then a fat mans butt crack. Like god damn.
$250 just to sign up at LA.. Maybe retro wasn't lookin so bad after all fuckin thiefs
Stupid ignorant hood niggas always looking for pointless fights
Orton and Kane were so bad at the PPV last night, they seemed lazy and slow. Kind of like WWE's writers actually.
wtf he got the ball is this ref fucking retarded
me: do you ever just crack yourself up?\n\n: no. i'm not like you in that way
Can it be August so I can go to Puerto Rico??
The worst thing a boy can do is cheat on a faithful girl.
FUCKKKK being home means having my mom tell me to clean my room. In a dorm, I wouldn't mind doing it. Now I hate it. Because mom told me to.
Is the scavenger hunt still on tonight or what...?
Tryna tell you I could blow ya mind
\"Yeah you got tricks but I got 5 more\nSo any game you trying to play you better\nKnow, I got the high score\" -47
So yeah someone like talk to me
I remember I met Samuel Larson, I tote wanted to make out with him but I kept it professional
We'll Avril you didn't sing hot
Oh well, things happen for a reason
Had an awesome time with team and fellow (&amp; future) PVE owners tonight in NYC. Thanks and
I got em goin', got em goin' crazy
Who da hell dates their own cuzin. . .. .
I don't care, I love it.
I don't know how to wear my hair tomorrow.
Muchas felicidades x la nueva etapa q viviras en esto es producto dl trabajo, exitos y a formar un gran equipo.
I think everyone knows that panic feeling lol
\"Does anyone want to quit smoking? *hands raise* Okay perfect we are doing shrooms that day.\"
Home of the Hawks... roosters... stray dogs... ants...
I would like to order a caramel apple turndownfornada
Whoever snitched got me hella f'd up
Twitter is life when you're bored
$50 tees $50 briefs $500 jeans $1000 sneaks &amp; I'm so wavy the girls go crazy
I don't believe they are bad people necessarily, maybe they just need to learn how to integrate their darkness. repression makes it worse
You can't snap me if your not okay with me sending random pictures of my stomach!!
Why does it have to rain on the Fourth of July? Honestly out of all if the other days .
Alyssa poos and I had a nice dinner today at Denny's (: !
Im not for alot of the shit people like to do
Sometimes loveeeeeee comeeees around &amp; it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down
Niggas needa start watching \"Guy Code\" more often.
Drinking wine out of our camelbaks tonight...time to get shitty
If i was rich af, i would be gifting a lot of people any song they wanted tbfh
Being ignored and lied to are my two biggest pet peeves
\"If was here with me, we'd be out right now!!\"- my insane sister
my dog jumped on the bed and started vigorously scratching so to anyone outside my room it sounds like I'm having some intense sex
GOAL!!! What a start!
I'll pay someone to try the $9.95 lobster tacos at Red Lobster for me. If you don't die of food poisoning, I'll know it's ok.
Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! \n\nThere's nothing else to say but !!!!!
its okay i know you like me but dont wanna admit it
Lets go USA!!!
NO NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THAT MAMA
If you and your girl been in a relationship for 3 years and she moves on within the first 1-5 months, that wasn't really your girl.
My alter-ego is taking over for the week. With red bull we should both live until about Saturday.
How do u handle the guilt of ur past, tell me how do u deal with the shame
Summer running program starts tonight at high school at 6pm..phase 1 &amp; week 1 = most important to be most successful
Deciding whether or not to tan after work. The struggle is real.
if you niggas are going to argue at least make it something worth arguing over, damn.
When do you know you made it?
I just remembered I hate a lot of people.
I'm always up hella late on my phone
I called it!!!! I called the Equalizer!!! AMERICA, MOTHER FUCKERS!!!
Mmmm idk what to do with my life
Where can I get my eyebrows done on the Fourth of July?
I'm going to continue to ignore your phone calls until you apologize for the fucked up shit you did.
I wish I had a crystal ball for the days I feel completely worthless. You know id use it all for good, I wouldn't take it for granted.
learned great tips on using today from - :)
furthest thing from perfect like everyone i know.
\"I bet Noah only watches movies with actors that lift\" - Carson
I'm nervous bruhh
Ya me ando obstinando de la misma maldicion
I'm voluntarily watching this fame in Spanish because the color guy on ESPN is the fucking worst.
Tie dye shirts, feathers in your hair, dancing in circles we can smell the fresh air
Always travel on Pearl Harbor Day to show the emperor you're not afraid.
I work for my shit, i don't need anybody
Playing the game where you text girls \"why haven't we fucked yet\" &amp; see what they say .. hilarious!
If it werent for these 158431790 thoughts running through my head i wouldve been knocked out already
really regretting that coffee now that I'm wide awake
Really can't deal with this at 7 am..
LOL When people post mashups that really really fucking suck.
Meanwhile Cain is back to throwing batting practice.
This is what happens when you jump into things too fast
Lol you say that but you're most definitely going to
Only got 2 hrs work tmrw yes
OLD ZUKO IS STILL A BADASS AND NOW HE HAS A DRAGON
not dealing with your drama next year
To mi prima de puertorico waleska declaudiodejesus desde nybronx
doesn't feel like 4th of july ..
I swear im cute. I take pictures 24\/7 . Im not conceited tho LMFAOOO
It's 2:08am and I'm eating flan
Dont hide it from you should be the type to provide it to me
WOO HOO !
im so tired today.. don't know why..
Is the house from arrow an actual place? I wanna live there.
Moving to Antelope with my mom!
i find it funny how i never studied for science but still gonna a 95. i thought i was stupid wtf
glad you're fully capable of catching a subtweet lmao
Smh you ain't shit nigga
ChrisRose guys...Please.. The advertisement for this week's games are blocking the diamond(bottom right hand corner tnx
I'm clean so I lean like the pisa tower does
Eating salad out of an old fried chicken box with chopsticks bc neither my bf or his roommate have plates or utensils..
No ! No hacer gol Portugal
\"Your boobs are like watermelons\" same
ESPN out here making up countless excuses for 's lackluster performances.
I act like i dont got work tomm
1035 playing yike stand by the nigga lol
Been in Downtown Brooklyn all day Shopping
Ugh fucking lost my In these damn mountains I'm on and it's slow as eff I'm like come on fucker
Don't nobody feel bad for ya lame ass
looks desperate to get that ball out of the stadium
Just two more hours left of work!!! Clock pls go faster!! I'm so sleepy
I wonder if our government is as secretly fucked up as it is in Scandal
Breakfast lunch and dinner's for beginners
I wish literal DEATH upon the person going 20 mph in front of me the whole way home
With all my pretentious bitching about music, I'm so excited and happy about so much (hopefully) great music coming out in the near future
The fact that Jaquis is amping Demarco right now is a problem like it's not 4:30
You make me feel ( mighty real ) by slyvester is soooo trilllllll
\"Thank you for listening to us &amp; supporting our choices. We're excited to partner w\/the district.\" - Parent Maritza Leal to RCSD board
Classic quote from the Giants Cove blog: storm clouds are gathering from Modor as the LA Dodgers are now apparently ready to play some ball.
Carlo's for grandma's birthday dinner, then back to Marg's bbq for the night !
More like bored ; so ima fall asleep
Im bout to whip up some pancakes
I roam the halls looking for unproductive employees and read cucumber puns. Productivity is up twelvefold.
Sole posession of the best record in baseball.
No one is ever who they say they are
Speed limit in texas is unlimited lol. Not 55.
let's talk about our dreams and aspirations, our favorite and least favorite things, what we hate and love about ourselves. let's talk babe.
Adam Jones, standing on second base, yelling like a mad man between every pitch.
Still pretty bummed that I'm not going to Disneyland tomorrow like how I planned, but I'm happy that I'll be able to save that money
\": I miss the believe tour\"
I wish that I could make certain people disappear
That was quite therapeutic and reassuring that the world isn't filled with moral-less people
Due to signal problems at Forest Hills-71 Avenue, southbound and trains are running with delays. Please allow additional travel time.
I got to go get my prints and mug taken.
2Pac with a degree is out there somewhere.
First of all, I don't need to be talked to. And second, get your life in order before you get into other peoples business. Thank you.
Another beautiful summer night in Clayton with a beautiful girl.
This is what Jacob gets for torturing me with birds.
My head, back and calf are literally throbbing
my crush is 6'4\" and i like hugging him
and i wissh i never met her at allll
Just got icyhot in my eye
New music on my phone. Now time to get shit done.
That was a very powerful praise and worship. Wow I'm really changed. I prayed for everyone I loved while I was there
Ordered a new phone battery! Finally i can use my phone for more than 2 hours without it dying -_____-
just when everything is going great
Again, i h8 a bish who wants to be friends with everyone.
Feliz 4 de Julio desde San Francisco!!!
Mimi annoying ass you have words just admit you and Niko agreed to release the damn tape rat looking couple smh
I just pitched \"Watch Dogs LARP in Central Park\" and you should've seen her face. Oh man, I will get her into LARP if it kills me.
Hoping and expecting that everybody is ready for anything that could happen tonight
Im about to bite the bartenders nails lol
the same song has been stuck in my head since 12. okay.
Omfgggggggggggggg 30 seconds into the FUCKING game!! USA USA USA USA
Me and my friends are children
He said yessss :D I asked when my aunt wasn't there lol
Oh dear god. Humid much NY. Take me back to temperate climes. I am a frail Seattle fern.
being broke really puts things in perspective
can't even sleep cause it's 300 degrees in my room
I think this game is done.
U lied bosh lol
WHY DOES FANNY ALWAYS \"know a guy\" ...... I wanna know these mystical men that always do strange favors
I'm not gunna give them what they want.
\"Bodies\" by the sex pistols is still an ATF
My dad made such a mistake getting me a keyboard for graduation
It's just another night and I'm staring at the moon I saw a shooting star and thought of you.
Mexico is about to get shitted on by Neatherlands
Draft in Philly might be the only place you get fights in the stands
Season 5 finale of grey's I can't stop crying
main st at this time is a drunk person breeding ground
Might never win a World Cup but we are undefeated in world wars
I'm so proud of you. Watching you grow from the start has been an honor. 1st single...number 1...wow.
Aron is hella hot though, I don't mind him as Jozy's substitute
I'm honestly not ready for this
Excellent day of sports......
today was actually so much fun even though i almost threw up
Does rhianna really have a sextape out?
you and me together nothing gets better
this performance needs to be on the Mtv awards
damn i kinda feel bad for bron bron
Love hearing my neighborhood erupt in cheers with each US goal!!!
This is so good....is the best.
When you're scrolling through your TL and it says \"view more tweets\" of course bitch
Rockin till the end I ain't goin no where
I've been spending too much time with him.
Now Dempsey smh
I hate my parents why didn't they have me play soccer. I could've been on that field right now. Giving elbows left and right.
I'm so in love with Latch acoustic y'all don't even know
Ew water with raspberry syrup wtf
a good kid? yeah,\n\nthat's only in my mama's eyes
Happy !!! How are you celebrating?
This weekend should be fun
I wish I can straight sleep and wake up 10 years from now.
My account was hacked. Again. Don't know why has so many problems. Sorry. Fixed.
First I was watching an all girl prison show, and now an all guy one lol
I think it's becoming more and more clear that Cespedes has the best arm in baseball, another assist at the plate tonight
KYLA IS AN ASSHOLE!
Yes Jack f'n Bauer - Bye-Bye bitch
Without light\nthere is no sight\nWithout global rotation\nday does not fall to night\nWithout ur affections\nmy heart does not beat rite\n
Idk if I should even go to pride. All david will do is be a whore and a half.
Really wanna get home so I can download Soul's new album
Some sus stuff going on in the meadows
I had planned on taking the little kids to church today. We didn't arrive at the house until 1 am &amp; since we wanted 2 show the
I just seen the Craziest shit
Just photo bombed some chicks train selfie through the crack of the seats so I'm feelin pretty accomplished for this early in the morning
When you're alone and you have Stevie wonder radio playing on your pandora are you really alone?
I propose we replace the national anthem with \"Flap your wings\" - Nelly
I'm still shaking from earlier lol
Listening to All of Me on repeat bc it reminds me of this weekend
I proved a lot of people wrong I made it to the 11th grade I did not let the hate get to me I DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nos invaden las putas, pronto conquistaran el mundo.
Back on my summer bullshit nd the summer just got here
Miraj said I was cute and then he was like jk your friend Ria is though LOL struggles of having a super hot bff
There's a chick driving down the express way trying to take a selfie while driving. Expect a crash any minute.
Hyped to fail and then get the fuck out of this chem test after the two hour mark
uk you got that thang that i likee
Why do I feel like I'm regretting the choice I made..UGHH!!!
Yah let's just honk the horn as many times as you can and deprive me of my sleep.
I swear I get my best ideas at night
Overcompensating my sadness with a sushi date with el madre
that was a great match between the usos and the wyatts
I think the entire island just shook after that goal.
Break me down, break me all the way down before the night is over. Let's get lost.
I believe the first instance of the word \"hater\" in hip hop comes from in the 1991 Public Enemy track \"Can't Truss It.\"
Jones!!!!!! What a goal!!!!!
Silvestre D - El pasado es pasado \n\n*se acuerda de Ana*
Ronaldo's off today !
\"The moment we get our food is going to be the happiest moment of my life.\" ~Joann DiBuono
Watching soul plane... Got me Rollin!!
Entering meet and greets gets me so nervous.
I can't sleep with socks on idk how ppl do that
How did I go so long without realizing how big of a pussy you are?????
Are we getting f'd up tonight or are we getting f'd up tonight
Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that
If you ever think about playing your girl, imagine another nigga fucking her &amp; I bet you'll reconsider
Hopefully the Lego movie will make me feel better.
I better die before I get really fat
IM HAVING MY MOM TAKE ME TO SEE SHAWN TOMORROW I HAVE TO SEE HIM
A summer relationship would be nice.
Christian do you wanna come over and watch netflix with me
It's bout to be a Suge Knight!
(I think I'm the only one who sometimes plays chiptune while in bed :-P )
Last year around this time I was literally packed up for school and waiting to leave even though I didn't go until the end of August
This season of is so bad that it cured me of my addiction to the show.
meus dentes estao doendo cara aquela brincadeira so me fez mal naquela piscina e naquele frio
so much turn up for one orientation
Harry potters gonna get me through tn
All my snaps are of me and farg, literally always
Can someone help me?\nits like im going insane :( I tweeted so much :'(
Looking at pictures from freshman to senior year makes me sad af
Alright Pharrell, sit your happy ass down.
No, , it's not a cycle of vengeance - it's an occupation
A baby could have been born faster than the time it's taking this FCP video to render.
you aren't jake from State Farm, you're something I shit out every morning.
Jeff said \"fuck dat\" plus I wanna see Kordell punch shit
People are selfish.
I'm yung serg the big boy rapper. The new Sergio with a brand new chapter.
I feel fucked up for what I didnt do
Erica's always trying to get in on the love
I hate going to bed early, but I hate waking up early even more. I aint about that normal hours life.
I really don't care for US ill just go to class instead
Remember when we used to go to movie premieres all the time?
Damn who hasn't seen 22 jump street yet?
Next i want a thigh tat, i think they are so sexy and i have a massive canvas
Who's down to go to the movies tonight?
No fucking food in this house
I faget all bout dis game ya
I literally cant even be on twitter tonight bc I'm missing all of this shit.
I should probably go to sleep sometime soon
\"I dunno dude. You could marry a baller and be fine or marry a poet and be \nf$&amp;ked.\" So many gems !
My dad is about to shoot a firework at a car
You know you're talking to your best friend when you say \"yeah 10 mins\" and you finally get off FaceTime 2 and a half hours later.
If you're names unique, u a hoe
You're here to create GREATNESS....and nothing less.
Debating if i should go to hayward tonight or tomorrow??
Wow when you tend not to give a F you end up never feeling bad or down. This is lowkey new too me
In the middle of anal is just an animal...think about it
I wish Wilson aka babe would come floating onto the shore here.
soo what do I buy from active cause I'm not a boy
A ? : FED APPEALS COURT PUTS JUDGE'S RULING OVERTURNING INDIANA GAY MARRIAGE BAN ON HOLD PENDING APPEAL
My face is so burnt that it hurts to yawn
Y'all better quit fucking shit up,
Feels like i been babysiting for 10 hours and its been 2
Tim Murray doesn't give a shit who you are. Your play sucking? Have fun in free agency
THISSS IS WHAT DREAMSSSS MADE OF!! HEY NOW HEY NOW
Borderline ratchets like myself who don't like showing stretch marks and that last 6 pounds that won't go away...
These refs are blind are retarded!!!!
Its weird but sometimes my Horoscope is exactly on point
Sunburn on your back and benching don't mix
Ladies and gentleman, this is the mambo number five.
Already a goal!
My Soundlink 3 speaker is life
Messi does nothing for 65 minutes then does that
Team Post is currently very satisfied with our articles, excited to see how they will look on our website!
Tf you thought I lost? All this flame on my name would bf exhausted
She deserves sooooo much better than me but I try so hard. I give her my all. Fuck y'all doubting me.
I meeting ronnie banks and Special K in like 10 minutes hhgffnnfd
Pretty positive I need surgery on my shoulder
The shit I see on twitter amazes me
Literally slept over 13 hours today
It's so ridiculous how ignorant people are!
Oh, Darwin doesn't meow. He is 1 of those cats that . That's how I know who's calling me. Shadow meows (loudly) &amp; Darwin ..
We agree... I was meant to be a Disney princess. Even random tinder guys know.
You cant ask for a better friend than
Thx america, today I get paid to eat and watch fireworks
Some of the decisions people make baffle me...
Okay I gotta chill I got work in 35 minutes .
\": Who wants to send me that PF song they're only giving to people that get VIP?\" Yo same! Hawaii living means no VIP!
I wish change and new things didn't scare me so much
Someone adopt me
Just had to tell a pedestrian I don't have peripheral vision bc I almost caused a collision. Pretty sure my apology avoided a stabbing.
I hit much flyouts today
If you love me, let me go.
Population of attention whore city: 6 mil
All I want is to make someone happy and for someone to love me you don't know how much I like you.
Might as well just take the fine from the FCC
wow ok, I guess it's slow for my bed.
Everytime I see this girl on my timeline I yell whore
Going to modesto &amp;' napa &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I'm always falling asleep by mistake when I'm high lol
I'm so white I can't take it.
Jermaine Jones.. American hero?!?
Going to my uncles house is hell when my cousin is there.
Paul Oakenfold's Edc set was pretty bro....but a good bro
I NEVER THOUGT OF THAT THAT JACOB LOOKED AT MY BIO AND MY ICON OH MY GOD
It is the little things you do that fuel my hatred for mankind.
acho que vou fazer um varal de fotos
C'mon airports. Get me to where I need to be today please. I've got fireworks to watch!
Just got home, what an awesome day, got lots done, and saw two awesome bands play... Gonna play with doggie for a bit, then off to sleep.
Yooo tonight was so dope in Central Park Schoolboy Q had A$AP Rocky, Ab-Soul and Action Bronson as Special Guests tonight
I haven't played video games in over a month.
Wow great time to turn the game on
The professor from PA is the best dressed I've ever seen. He's come to suck your blood and become .
you dont realize how effing happy that made me
Its hard to find god when you aint never seen him
I love love love margaritas forever
Mi vida gris...
Da tijdsverschil blijft toch raar, het is hier nu 6:30PM vrijdag en thuis 2:28AM zaterdag..
Took and hour and a half nap earlier..and I'm still tired lol
Everything else on Mtv drains my brain cells.
do it for the bae okay
I WILL ALWAYS BE SECOND BEST NO MATTER WHAT
BLON DE CREEPY !!!
Regarding Aperture Sunset: If anyone thinks Apple is not going to migrate that IP to the destined unified product, they may be mistaken.
I'm young reezy I goes where I wanna go
Fak ba kai aning pceer ngi
Why hasn't offered the feature to edit your tweets yet??
Hey boo boo its ranger Smith
want Thermapen-like device for microbial content. use case: burrito insertion
Conan: American soccer fan dresses like Teddy Roosevelt, calls self Teddy Goalsevelt. Less popular is Germanys soccer fan, Adolf Kickler.
I just wanna be in bed all day
Sweet how I have to stay home tonight and work tomorrow
Whyyyy am I awake? Whyyyyy ohhhhhh whyyyyyyyy..... Am I awake?
im going to miss you so much
Forget it I don't even want Joe back. If he is willing to sign a permanent contact to Westampton then he can be permanently cut from E-Town
I don't have a debit card for the time being lmao kill me now
I hate when girls wear sneakers
Gerrish needs to stop talking about my penis
I'm not a soccer fan so I'm not watching the World Cup....but how many jumped on the bandwagon today that USA is doing good?
That fuckin Asian bitch almost killed me. Just to let you know you don't tak exit almost before you miss exit without looking.Fuck you bitch
Steve angello was horrible I kept coming up with excuses to leave the group to escape ...
Estos Japonesitos me han invitado a ver el partido
I want someone to pile drive my lower back and crack the shit out of it
\": is an ass for playing we are never getting back together by Taylor swift\"the truth is the truth!!
So dawn goes down to day, nothing golden will stay
Back in the day when everybody had a Twitter
It always rains the hardest on people who need the sun the most
DONT MAKE ME WAIT HONEY DONT MAKE ME SAY IT OUT LOUD
It makes me depressed to see everybody else having fun while I'm stuck at home being a lonely piece of shit.
What are the kids reading these days?
I like when my prents tellje to gotobed and I tell them \"it's summer\" and they have reply
my dreams suck ass
THAT FUCKING NOTE MADE ME NET I CANT WVNE INAKSHAJAUDKAUSBEUSJMS
I know at least 9 girls who've cut their hair short in the past week l o l hecka weird season
I dont know how my friends manage to take at least 2 hours in every single store we went to..
don't you hate when your friends have hot brothers because I do
All the lights for the rest of ya life
When ever I see Joseph Gordon Levitz on TV I feel the need to yell JOSEPH GORDON LEVITZ... Oh my god I make no sense.
I intended to shower right now but i dont want to wake paula so im sitting naked on my floor. Kk
Just to tell y'all my favorite tech n9ne song was in the trunk!!! LOL!!!
I hope Costa Rica gets an ass whooping by the Netherlands
\"I'll be the Julia Styles to your Dexter.\" My relationship with just gets better and better... Welcome home, roomie!
Jamas provoques lagrimas en un rostro que te ha regalado sus mejores sonrisas.
Bread and butter at dinner after no lunch- yummmm
I am proud. Proud of the girl i am. If no one else is, i am. Only I know how much i've gone thro &amp; how many times i've raised again. Only I
the love that stiles has for his jeep makes me love him even more!
May the 4th be with you
Okay so I'm performing at this local feast in September. I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT SONGS I'M GOING TO SING YET AND I NEEDA PRACTICE.
You can only build family around loyalty
That probs was top 5 scariest moments of my life
So parents are going to Reno tomorrow.. Cool.
Ticos!!! I bet monkey bar and plankton are going off!
Kevin's so salty because of my obsession with Dean Ambrose
When this baby hits 88mph, you're gonna see some serious shit...
TelemicroHD y Montilla a la cabeza
Copped a tee now i just need that mets fitted to go with it
Cut to me sitting in a Starbucks for 30+ minutes because he didn't listen.
i was suppose to see Think Like A Man 2 with Dom, but this weekend was so hectic i wasn't with him very much.
put my smoothie in a red solo cup for the drive to work today and just realized it probably wasn't the best decision
\"She was sent here by the devil to corrupt everybody\" this is what my mom has to say about yo ratchet ass
The crowd is going wild for USA though. 'Murica.
I must say I'm very nice driving drunk, always making it to the destination safe and sound
Watching the making of Diagonally Alley &amp; pretending Alito can be destroyed by the power to love
But I only have time to subtweet ppl not catch ppls subtweets
Little feel good you ain't never felt before I'm talking 1994
Can't wait to get back in the gym Monday.
Two bitches ova c if ur boi can finish
My mom and her boyfriend would be mad if they found out I share my dinner with the dog
Oh shit..... that kick to the face....
Now THAT'S power! \n
Haru and Rin essentially made up so the bromamce is happening (I'd ship it too)and then this new character shows up...
I wish I could see my actual tweet number
Hired after my very first interview
Lowry to the Heat? Fuuuuuu
There's a donut in my room and my window is open so the breeze keeps bringing the delicious smell toward me &amp; i can't sleep for this reason
I hear the Americans are leading the soccer game. Mini-vans at drive thru must be crazy right now
Pleasure P x Lick Lick Lick
. I feel like I haven't tweeted in FOREVER. How do y'all know what's going on with me? I'm slacking.
\"Why can't people just listen to music af have fun\"
Dont know what your alive for until you know what youll die for
If you live in lake Elsinore we might be neighbors ayyye
He want that Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
I wanna go back to the insane asylum
JUL 8 at in Central Park !
ADEUS GALERO VOU IR DORMIR BOA NOITE szsz
Whatever ill just play kirby alone while you guys enjoy west side story
q burlA rt : Burbuja \/.\\
what does it mean when a guy goes through your instagram pics and likes a whole bunch of selfies
YO DIS SPACEMAN! WE OUT HUR TRY 2GET TURNT AS FUQQ
If you can manipulate and make children feel guilty, you can control them and their ability to make decisions from a young age.
Okay now really I need to cut my tracks.
Damn how many pounds did busts rhymes gain?!?
If all you people are following me care to read this for a second and try to make someone smile today
Green shorts would've been perfect for my graduation outfit but BHS wants to be gay and not allow shorts for graduation
I just killed a big ass spider that was on my bed.. I can't go to sleep now
Seriously though who comes to someone's house at 9:45pm to buy a pool table this is sketchy
Breaking a sweat just layin here
Niggas dont like to see others happy is what it is. Hating asssss bitchesss out here ! Too hot for this
The fact that us 5sos fam , directioners , O2L and emblem 3 fans where the only ones here for jacob shows we picked the right life leaders
I NEVER SAID BYE TO OMG
Good weather + good music + good company =
U a hoe if you drink ciroc
\": They need to make a social network for all the old folks\" I think its called MySpace
I love being drunk af smoking a cigarette
\": no really where the heat fans at\"Wassup you a \"okc fan\"?
Pace university top internship placement program...top 10 school...oh and in NYC
For thinking out of the box from where I stand
Really leaving on a stretcher smfh yo
never had a friend over who hasnt taken a picture with or of my cat
Just a favorite I'm done.
I just don't know where I fit in with leather anymore.
I just want to get my car and keep driving
Personally I don't give a shit about 2014 so far
sad bc u don't take me seriously or something
Just saw Jersey Boys at the movies- o what a night...And not in a good way! #
I knew I hold you back.
Ugggghhhh this homework needs to do itself at this point
I think it's time to unfreeze my 24 membership, fix my eating habits and stop being a lazy white boy.
Carusone den undergoing big changes right now
My mom's making Irish soda bread on 4th of July
Putting your heart out on the line for someone who wouldn't even take a bullet for you is like playing with fire.
prison break is one of the best shows ever
Are you actually having sex in penn station rn
Chalmers is a piece of shit
The for the boys breed is a dying breed
restyl is really my shit lowkey
Cracker Jacks more like straight crack if you ask me
Yes I hear you , no I'm not gonna look back.
That feeling you get when you realize true love actually exists.
I like to think that we had it all, we drew a map to a better place...
If you say bruh I fuck with u
I should work at a Thai massage parlor because I'm so good at sucking
Wasup Alice pick me up from my palace
he loves me with every beat of his cocaine heart..
\": Someone model my clothes\"hit me up
my response to everything is \"you tryna fight rite now?\"
Working this many hours sucks lol
se acuerdan de i know de drake bell bueno yo aun amo esa cancion fue mi jam en esos dias
Omg omg omg omg
Lol why does my aunt have to snore so damn loud. Hella tempted to plug your nose or some shit
Put food in the toaster oven. Set for 18 minutes. Forgot to put the temperature up
No headphones at the gym is the worst
Lmao by the time an Albanian boy is 18, 88% of them have an eagle tattooed on them..
the problem with wearing dresses is that sitting like a lady isn't comfortable..
Bent last night with the ciroc and henny
tip to getting out of a ticket: \ninvite the cop to the party you're going to.
According to my family, I have a gravy addiction.
USA goalkeeper looks like a persian Common
Really wish I could hang out with the dudes from . And eat the meals they make.\n\nThey probably get that a lot though.
i hope this feeling last for fuckin ever
Angrily stuffing my face with popcorn cause dawn wont buy me a fucking beer
\": Half you boys better pray your daughter never runs into a guy like you\" dead fucking ass!!!!!
Beat everyone on my lane at intern bowling. Also won two drinks at traddies and yogurtland from bets on said wins. Feelin FLY
...and we're on the board.
That fireball whiskey whispers temptation in my ear
SPRINTING A BLOCK WAS SO FUCKING WORTH IT THANK YOU FOR SMILING AND WAVING AT ME
I'm screaming. I need a new charger.
You're bitchin', but you're not a bitch
Wanna blace it in my room but my mom has this crazy superhuman scent ability
So Korra has Ami's glider from Gargantia. Ok, good good.
The shit I do for friends
I hate my house.....its so boring.
Packed for the 10th anniversary White Party, voted and, yoga next!
Put your tongue back in ya idiot
Look how I whip it how I whip it
Why do I look 3 years younger?!?!!!
I'm getting sick, what the fucking fuck. Its summer -.-
I wish we tweeted back then. RT Kirk Gibson scores on a Rusty Kuntz sac fly to makes it 4-3 in the 5th in the !!
In the last hour hm brain has: remembered that Blue October is a thing, gotten a Blue October song lodged in my skull, not apologized for it
Nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
Black on black camaro it got two doors
My mind is living on cloud 9 and this 9 is never on vacation
FDA today approved Afrezza a rapid-acting inhaled insulin administered at a meal, or within 20 minutes after starting a meal.
I just mr.softee with Ashley, &amp; I don't think I've seen her that excited in awhile.
Vou dormir uma semana p fugir dos meus problemas
I know, let's arrive from SFO, go to a bar, order a drink and proceed to unpack our suitcases and rearrange everything, then repack.
Granola cereal with raisins and almonds gotta be gods gift to earth
That's my nigga. Bum ass airbender
Bow wow would never be respected as a man
hotter than the pits of Satan's balls but still need to sleep with a blanket on
It's show time!!
Phil of the future. Tbt on Disney is the best
Where is this flight crew? , this is totally unacceptable.
Good luck to everyone taking Chem tomorrow! And remember, the curve is NOT in your favor!
Woke up and decided to work today for an hour Ahaha
you know what's annoying af though.. he wants a girl like 5'9\"+.. like dude wtf we perfect
I also want to see transformers and party in my backyard this weekend.
I'm surrounded by so many interrogating Indians right now I'm going to have a heart attack oh my fuck my life
Im finuh cop me a pair of cute ass pumas... meek mill be lookin to cute in em lol
Still can't get over how cute that guy was at the aquarium :o
I need a couple new phone cases actually lol
me and 's summer bets this year &gt;&gt;&gt;
See the funny thing is, most of the people that hate on my car don't even have one.
Life of the party is literally th best song ever.
RAIN RAIN GO AWAY COME AGAIN ANOTHER DAY
I think for the first time in my life I'm going to make a sign to bring for a concert
Also I am heading home about an hour later than I needed to. Ugh.
You fucking can't do that do you not understand that
Fresh mozzarella melted into sliced bread (both ends)...topped with mortadella &amp; sweet sopressata with a soft scrambled egg center
dark haired girls wearing extremely loose\/faded\/trashed blue jeans and white tops\n\n *swoon*
And what I learned is to never trust a women because they being doing shit that they said that they wouldn't
I am Layin in bed on my phone and a fucking bug just had the nerve to walk across my fucking screen
I have a handful of friends and ton of people I associate myself with
#$avageLife , If You Ask Niggas Will Tell You Im Always Dwn.
\": military vines make me cry for days\"
Is coconut water the world wide signal for \"foreign man\" ?
Nine years with It's been fun, but was the only reason I came aboard. Thank you \"
the lesson: never trust a cab driver ever. Or maybe it's never trust a person ever? Unless you're that person? WHO DRIVES DOWN MARKET!?
I haven't had a good scare in a while
iiiiiii'm speechless (oooohhh) iiiiii'm speeeecchhlesssss (ooohhhh) iiiiiiii you got me speeeecchhlesssss!
Omfg these bum niggas. Asking me questions like it's gone get them my drawls. But If they even knew me...smfh too grown for that.
Music is sanity.\nMusic is love, music is life.
vo pa farmatodo a comprar algo me duele mucho la garganta la puta madre
Costa Rica moving on in penalties.
NOTHING I HATE MORE THAN WHEN SOMEONE TELLS ME THEY'RE GOING TO SLEEP, BUT THEN THEY TWEET.
The guy at the bagel store told me I look extra good. I just realized he has never seen not hungover and looking like I got hit by a car.
If you taken have taken somewhere in your bio .
The Freaky Franchise had himself a game
Great goal, but I was just reminded I'm watching an online feed and behind twitter!
Haven't even got paid yet and already planned where all my money is going
I don't care how insecure you might be. You can never knock me down.
Herh but like joke this Eder boy ....
.I think you'd have to have a mind B4 U can speak yours. Don't blame me 4 Ur inadequacies bro
Today I learned no one wants to give Robin Thicke a hug. They only want to kick his balls.
this shit better hurry the fuck up its 3 about to be fucking am I've had a long day I'm tired asf
Remember those times where i was obsessed with wattpad
Pink and tan Bape Roadstas make my cypher complete.
Lol Girl I Gotta Watch My Back Cause I'm Not Just Anybody
All these bands on me I can't fuckin move
who even says this anymore \"I have a crush on you\"
Tis the season for cut offs
\": Whenever people try to box me out in basketball, I stick my finger up their ass. -LHS\" effective and funny af lol
Its Hella foggy and cold yet we're still going to the beach
you think jigen is bad? you think HAYATO is bad? wait until you remember the 3 year long bright shitposting extravaganza
Why don't you give me some of that
JOEL CAMBELL is putting on a Clinic .Wenger is probably licking his lips at his work rate.
redcarpet preshow awards tonight !
Eggplants hands down the best vegetable aside from pickles but are pickles vegetables? Idk
Pero es que en realidad no era ni para ella ni para ellos (por una vez xD) era para otro trieto xD hahahaha
Hennessy and enimies is one of a mixture
Can't be with someone if you don't trust them..
SO DONE WITH EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING.
Its raining in Redwood City....... is San Jose raining?
Hi, I'm natalie and I'm 5 days sober
.... Zendaya needs to stop with the hair..
Omg it's going to be 90 degrees all day :|
52' Brooklyn's Jean Leveille from distance but its just over the bar! The Italians are looking more goal hungry at the start of the 2nd half
all that dunkin sure as hell ain't helpin u lose weight
Just saw a girl get stuck between the Bart train doors trying to enter last minute. Ooh vicious
\"Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.\" ~
\": what's mine\" bitch. Just kidding. The BGz lol I just never told you bruh. Hahahahahha
sorry I'm not perfect.
You can't go to GNC and spend less than 100 bucks, it just isn't possible
I swear my bitchy attitude towards boys comes from the disgusting things people say to or about me when I'm working
I could fuck you all the timmmmme
You just don't make me happy anymore !! I don't want this if I'm not happy !
i love no homo but its only a matter of time before its time for is holding that gold their to good
I love my co workers and everything but this kids need JESUS
What did i say huh what did i fucking say
Sudden craving for a hoagie
Tinashe really make me wanna beat up some buns...
100\/100 - until next time, go F yourself accounting homework
haven't left for vacation yet and mom already picked out a restaurant called Tequila Mockingbird
Don't text me dry bc I will read and not reply
I love you thank you
Make her feel like a million bucks before someone else does
...and End of the Road is playing
cant even read in silence bc of u stupid BULLFROGS
GoodNight Mention For A Mention For A (Everyone Is Welcome)(All Females Are Welcome)(Basketball Girls Welcome)
I feel like I am the only one who has strong emotional attachment with everything that I break down even if I think of departure.
99.9% of the time my hair is in a braid but why
Eating a burger and fries from for dinner.
apparently a majority of drivers in new York city is elderly Asian woman... shit's hilarious!
I think we all totally underestimate the Power of Bingo &amp; great alcoholic beverages.. \n\n\n
So today I was told I look like , I'm alright with this...but I was dressed like frankenfurter from rocky... ?
Let's goo!!!!! Clint dempsey!!
Woah. Just finished Forgive Me Leonard Peacock and felt that one in my HEART. Really dark and beautiful.
Quietly cheering for while the baby sleeps! What a . Oh and welcome to the gunshow!
I think its crazy how any of us can die at any moment yet we live our lives always planning for the future
Everybody's depressed this summer... It's so fucking funny
Watching style our future apartment right now on Pinterest
22 jump street with the fuckboyz
Once considered a rogue, I was chilling alone but I did have miss medusa, she loud and she leave me stoned
Anyone with a car wanna come save me from this hell hole ? Please.
who wants to come to open gym w me
Drunk off of you tonight\nI'm waiting for the day\nI'm waiting for the day that I can\nFall into you and I
Okay real talk- after this episode Heather is still my favorite
its so hard being here when you dont wanna be here anymore
I keep seeing shooting stars! And its always when I'm pissing.....not sure what the star gods are tryna tell me
Yooooo Palo Alto is one of the greatest films !!!
We about to break some more records today.
Just retweeted something my boss tweeted yesterday
Might as well stay up and watch the sunrise before I go to sleep.
Talking to each other about different topics was good pit our cards out there for each other
I'm hard to love, hard to love, no I don't make it easyyyyy
Sooo what do y'all do for 4th of July in New York?
Oooh! Starting off with the handsome and magnificent Pete Vrinios. Has some awesome stories.
Facts. RT \": I feel like Kaleena is the K. Michelle replacement. \"
Not the same without at camp
That awkward moment when I realize that is eating popcorn kernels LiTERALLy just the kernel ... Not even popped yet.
And she's cute let's be friends
James Woods thinks that Obama pointing over the sneeze guard at Chipotle shows a sense of entitlement. A) Yeah he's the fucking president
se juega el paso a semifinales contra
My barber still aint come!
5. Is that bad?\nYes its bad you idiots
Rave on Friday, and Pride for the weekend. Oh boy oh boy oh boy.
Except for that kick to the nose
Am I wrong for thinking we could be something for real?
That's not the feeling you should get
You ain't that nigga you say you is ..
Watching vine omg I lost it
Y'all better add me on snapchat it's finna get live
I did a satantic ritual in my uncles kkk costume before this tourney
Authenticity is rare ! Do you. Without apology.
I can pull up in a honda civic getting bitches... It's not about the whip it's about the nigga that's up in it
Walking to work I flashed everyone and leaving work a bird pooped on my arm... So that's how my days going
ok I probably need to go to bed or at least leave twitter
Dempsey just schooled that guy in the box. Nasty.
OMG nicki Minaj about to go on and ima cry.
Jus me and my fobs
In the last 48 hours I have gotten at most a half hour of sleep
One day I'll be at one with auto correct and it will be beautiful
they really gonna us go to school tomorrow just to pick up my report card like damn y'all annoying
Say muffin after swearing it makes it better
Being a Sounders fan is feeling pretty good right about now. My boy Clint
Everything happens for a reason, maybe I need to get my shit together.
The daily news is trying to racialize hip hop
In 53 minutes I have a high tide. I'll be 29 inches above average. That's quite low.
\"I'll have the most expensive thing on the menu.\" (at Jack in the Box)
Ma city girl I know you down to ride
I care less abour shit more &amp; nore everyday
GOOD MORNING AND HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!! BE SAFE OUT THERE AND HAVE FUN! :)
Hopefully Jozy can recover in time
Ghana is flailing limbs like rag dolls out there!
I wish I had friends... Anyone wanna be my friend?
Going full Vegan. Let's do this!
Teen wolf starts tomorrow and I haven't even watched the last season
Nothing is better than breathing in the fresh island air after a short getaway
sleeping in 's bed tonight and loving it because it's twice the size of mine and I'm p sure this is a tempurpedic
From the first day I saw her until the day I die, she's the only one.
Makes me soooo happpyyyy *little girl from despicable me voice*
7 shootings in Brooklyn this weekend. That's crazy
Damn I can hold up a conversation for hours.
That shoulda been a penalty
Just gave olivia a glass of pinnacle and she thought it was water:))))
You can tweet but not text me
.have you been tracking ? just read a couple great travelogues \/ guides on their site
All of my potentials are either in va or ga smh
looks strong! We need that equalizer
Its awk how my uncle is all hapoy talking bout his 3 day adventure in jail, like b sad for what you fuckin did.
Play a slide show of my funniest tweets and play them at my funeral
DEMPSEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! USA USA USA USA USA
That's why I wrote this song to sing my beautiful girl.
I'll run Pedro's bike over too For leaving my ball outside
the Black Friday trilogy is hands down the best South Park episode
\"His reign is usually dated to the mid-16th century BC.\"
\": RT!Want an amazing custom light decal? members amazing
are u fuckin kidding me tn pat foley just pisee himself I'm concert
Its been a hella of a month
Going with the flow until the flow stops taking me to great places.
Writing about &amp; brings me so much joy. I love these nidiots SO MUCH~Em
That's a beautiful goal if I've ever seen one.. Wow.
You've gotta back to ride the airtrain from JFK to the metro but you can't use your metro card.....it's extra. Life in the city.,,
And now I am actively cheering for . I do feel kinda bad about it.
Sitting outside to greet visitors and I can hear screaming from a few blocks away.
I NEED TO PEE AND THE KEYS WONT COME OUT OF THE THING
Just came from the brogod graduation
This is starting to become habitual and I love it.
what if the sky is a hologram, outer space is a government conspiracy and earth is actually the entire universe.
on the next episode of who *didnt* wear it better lol lol
TWEET PLEASE EVERYONE THIS IS SUPER IMPORTANT
I'll be much happier when I'm settled into my apartment and find a job that doesn't require me to stay away this long. Can't do it.
i honestly feel like dying rn uggghhh
And by virtue of the raising of the minimum wage I'm gettting a 10 cent raise
I wanna get in the union so bad
\": Best of luck to the USA in the World Cup today and beyond! \" don't jinx us worry bout yaself
YOOOOO MY MOM'S IN THE MOOD FOR PIZZA\nTHAT MEANS\n\nPIZZA FOR DINNNNNERRRRR
Stripers why?... Stripers why? Shouldn't it be stripers how and thank you.
My mom \"Keep calm and love Ochoa\"
Plane just had an electricity problem. This is heading into dark comedy now.
Dave and busters sounds so good
After three years, I think I want to change my twitter handle.
Selling my accord any one interested ??
Everyone tune in to Comedy Central. Workaholics is on
The Spurs are gonna celebrate tn
I JUST WALKED IN ON A MAN IN THE BATHROOM. OMFG.
How great is .. It's not even fair
stop fucking around with my emotions, I like you better when you're numb. I'm sick and tired of false devotion, devote yourself to moving on
I hope you all realize how amazing tomorrows NBA draft is.
YESSS USA USA
She want a man dont need a man
And her pretty legs go to heaven every time
Writing this paper listening to Lana's new album. Distract me. Tell me your opinions. Is this vibe not 12\/10
I'm not gonna be the slightest bit interested in soccer after this is over
Says the Floridian! RT : Hey hey hey hey -- My state is great.
\"They're gonna make a sequel where Hazel and Isaac hook up\"
I don't fucking get why the hell I give one shit about you because you're a piece of shit
Solarte has a whopping 0 hit in last 28 at bats
Printed out my tickets for Five Finger Death Punch &amp; Volbeat, and tickets for another show, Black Veil Brides. Successful night.
Why is my phone not letting me watch the game WHY
Idk who Julia thinks she is now we get it you go to Lbi every summer
Only one more menstrual cycle till I'm 21
Lets Go USA.
When I go back to fl I never want to walk again lmao
I can't sleep with all this back pain. I need a massage ASAP
My phones so hot i feel like its gonna explode soon.
I've been thru too much to take an insult from a child who got his clothes off a dead slaves back to heart
so much has changed since last summer
Met (and a lot others) this evening. That was nice :)
\": Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.\"
THAT WAS AWESOME
Eat a dick
I like how that coyote girl became human not too long ago but knows how to dance at the club..
got a lotta ass you gon shake that thing or NAWH
I'm about to sleep outside bc Matt snores so fucking loud
Honestly graduation is an ending to a new beginning
Nash can you see this
I hope Yifan will sing the theme song for the movie :B
When someone can only make you feel bad and can never make you happy, get them out your life asap
Staying true to my friends is all I have.
If your unhappy with your current situation, make a change! Never settle for less than you deserve
I don't even have 1\/5 from
Boss isn't here today; so I've been on my phone lmao. Whoops
you gotta take a chance because you never know how something could turn out
whatever makes you sleep at night
Ok who's your vote for the next Bachelor???
Jack Senior vs Tone-Dawg this Friday don't miss it
I send some OP snapchats though haha
Hockey fans gotta constantly compare their sport to other ones like chill bro we get it
Im finally learning to move on little by little. And I cant keep beating myself up for someone who wasnt willing to hold me down properly.
WHAT IN THE HECK DID HE GIVE UP ABEL??! GOD I HATE LIFE.
It's the last week of class and I say fuck o
HOLY SHIIITTT GO USA
Our mission has been successful. :)
Lol wait wut there's actually a house party in this town tonight
O Justin me deixa bugada com essas Mulier
WHY can't people walk in their own straight forward empty pathway &amp; constantly walking into me &amp; hitting me?! Yo, have sum respect
Why are there so many random cuts and bruises on me!?
Whats good for today tho i still have no solid plans
My brother is drinking milk out of the carton and my mom thinks he's \"out of control\"
This is NOT how I wanted to start my day! Bullshit bullshit bullshit! My ex is so annoying!!!!!
A haiku for today: When you're on the street \/ Lock eyes for just a moment \/Your life is now changed
Everything that kills me makes me feel alive.
We made German flags for the 4th of July......
For real been in the sonic drive thru for a coo 20 minutes and we haven't even ordered yet haha
Never bothered with the 2 belts before but with the way Cena's carrying them now I want just one
I love seeing curvy women, like women with hella hips is so sexy to me
I push away the people I need the most and it's actually a problem
I will now start Breaking Bad....
I feeling another tweet from him
On Saturday my cousin goes \"I swear if me and Daman weren't related he'd probably mug me too\" WHAT
wonder how many people seen it before me
lol I hate myself lol haha lol ha
It's amazing what happens when you just won't give up.
The run I just tried to take my lazy dog on was a sick disaster
dj tanner is my spirit animal
The people who sit behind me in class&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; STFU IM TRYING TO SLEEP!!!
Grocery shopping with me and isabel expect to play with lobsters..
When you finally start to grow up, the qualities you look for in a significant other drastically change.
Ion care how many times I watch this movie- I always wond up pissing on myself
Allez les bleus !!!
Vegas is happening! \\m\/
I love it when girls become ranger fans out of nowhere.
This summer&gt; last summer
Momma forgive me I'm tryna make a living
Dang wish I got good at lol
the best was when i heard all of her banking info because she was on a super-volume speakerphone call
Haley stop eating all the hot cheetos
YIU DID IT BABE OMFG ! JSHSVWHS
All the America fans who only know about messi in international soccer all just had a orgasm
is it just me or does jesse mccartney look like a younger leo dicaprio
To die, to sleep,\nTo sleep perchance to dream.\nAh, there's the rub.
THERE IT IS!!!!
I was nervous to shoot that gun hahah
All my roommates think I do hard drugs when I'm not around them
I had the yapper and I told they ass up
I would not want my boyfriend hanging out with his ex
That was on point Marcus !
Never got that text back today... It's cool tho
Highlights of last night: Lena killing it at the high tea as usual and me running back home thru the pouring rain.
Way to blow the game gramps
That shit is a loser job, fuck walgreens
I am a sinner who's prolly gonna sin again
Blonde hair sucks for a growing a beard
It's k guys I came. You can cease the favoriting now.
I have to say the fourth is probably my favorite holiday
Happy Fathers Day to all of you fathers out there.
I'm just going through the motions when it comes to watching the at this point.
El dolor es inevitable, el sufrimiento es opcional.
i love when people retweet my selfies
Your gut pokes out past your titties....
I absolutely hate the ratchets like no love for them at all I'm going to be prejudice to all ratchets idc if you're the nicest ratchet alive
When someone asks me for directions in the park and I have no idea what they're talking about I just make it up
&amp;for my pasta &amp; for various other dishes that need spice
I find it disrespectful when Stony sends me emails to \"Give online today.\"
YESSS 1-1 USA might have it
Anyway don't bother me I'm thinking about Burn Gorman right now
All hail Manu
Happy 4th of July , have a blessed weekend. GOD IS GREAT.
Cried too much watching Miracle in cell number 7 :'(
The world didn't get to hear the score of LIVE, gone 2 soon. Tonight will perform her song!
When people think you share bank accounts &lt;
Big misunderstanding about NYers is that they are rude. Um not so much...the driver just lent me his charger 4 my iPhone!
So now the Russians are in play ? Who is Benjamin Bratt working for ?
Are you fucking kidding me right now...
Lmao I cant stop laughing. Lil Terio hella funny
Never have I ever been jealous of someone's ass until today. She was a bad bitch. With an ugly husband.
Never realized till now how great of an opera singer till now
Just walked up to the high and back. Then walked up to th and back.......for no fucking reason sonn.
LeAnn annoys me so much
Ew emotions?? Feelings??? I thought I forgot about those make it stop
wow having sun burn is so much fun
Thats the 3rd blown lead in a row, come on Giants!
freshman year &amp; sophmore year were my best years of highschool .
Just cuz I vent doesn't mean I'm sad...but I just looked at petfinder at all the dogs I can't have and now I'm legit sad! Bed now! ;_;
No one has asked for my autograph yet but I'm confident at least one person will mistake me for a celeb
Syd always scratches my back without me asking that's why she's bae
I think Shake Shack might have In-N-Out beat. Need to eat some In-N-Out now for fare comparison. East vs West. Biggie vs Tupac.
I used to watch all these award shows but not anymore
I swear I can stare at you all night
Los problemas humanos nos toca a nosotros resolverlos, pero los que son imposibles, esos los resuelve Dios.
My dad ruined a good $200 worth of my clothes.
LOL WEED = WASTE OF MONEY
Demi: \"we should all share our species\"\nVesper: \"did you say feces?\"\nMe: \"Yes! Let's all share our feces!\"
chris rock not even that funny . js
HUHLOW guys I love Youuu
Between these past two days I've heard so many people talk shit on me it kinda makes me question all my friends frfr.
\"my whole life is just an ugh but a good ugh\"
I was unconscious for like 4-5 Man O songs, fuck
who's having a fourth of July party I can crash?
THAT WAS AMAZING
Am I the only one who isn't excited about the 4th of July?!
Girl lmk if you about it
Tony Parker is unconscious on the court
Big big big booty but u gotta big booty
Barely home from work holy shit
Nani is a bitch
My room is only messy cause I never know what to wear and I take hella clothes out and not put it back
I don't think kids should watch Dora the Explorer if the creators call their viewers \"vomitnose\" in the theme song. Just wrong.
Can we take a moment of silence for how pale I was before I played water polo? I'm never letting myself be that white again.
My bed has never felt so good
Literally have to be up in 4 hours y can't I sleep
def staying the fuck home tonight yo.
I don't mind being at the hospital the whole day ..
Penalty pap bon pou paske yo fatige stress pral anvayi yo
if I don't go tonight ima be really maddds
&amp; to think the 3 times was enough.
I've never realized how important he was to my life
Yeaterday was his firat time getting high lol
bruh my heart is still racing holy shit
Wishing my 38 followers a happy and safe 4th of July.
Almost got run over at the gas station by Cuz I didn't look both ways lmaoo
No one said it was going to be easy.
why is my dad listening to one direction on his iPod
Tbh I couldn't be a girl way to much drama in the girl life!
money come &amp; go . bitches come &amp; go . don't shit last .
Having sensitive skin is the dumbest thing EVER
THE U.S. JUST SCORED?!?!?!!!???
What a fucking strike!!!!!
If a nigga want beef ima send my shortys on him
How old do you have to be to get a helicopter license?
If I have to listen to one more conversation about EDM, shuffling and raves..... I'm breaking beaded bracelets, bruh.
I really wanna chill with
Its sooooooo important to have good guy friends. I dont talk to mine everyday but they're the realest and I love them.
&amp; we hop in the Range..
So only 20% of Brazilians are rooting for Brazil? Really?
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you.
I need to be back in that routine, hopefully with a steady job and workout routine attached to that.
USA GOAL!!!! LISTENING ON THE RADIO!!
gotta be the weirdest motherfucker on this planet lmfao
Im very fond of my parents tbh. Couldnt do all the shit i do without them.\nAnd no one id rather have be my biggest supporters, dusk til dawn
All jokes aside.. I just choked because Malia's outfit isn't color coordinated
Having so hard right now
I will take any opportunity I can to show the world U.S superiority
Wow this is a really strange dinner... What the hell is going on
The only festival I'm REALLY trying to make it out to this year is Fun Fun Fun. Nas, Judas Priest, Deafheaven, 2 Chainz, Pissed Jeans. Damn
Who knew you could be so ungratefully arrogant?
When you don't go to see for a fourth time because of a hurricane. Going to miss a great concert and great promotion
0 to 100 real quick, but 100 to 0 even quicker
Let the slaughter begin!
\"It takes the typical person 17 months and 26 days to get over an \"Ex.\" Nah
How nice would it be to jump of a jetski into a lake right now with your girlfriend
Why is 97% of the gay population idiotic?
Gotta spend money to make money
One day i realized that i was no longer in love with you, i was just in love with the idea of you and was holding on to who we used to be.
Pothead is such a mean term. I prefer Marijuana Enthusiast
Can't decide what bartender is hotter
HTC One M8, Galaxy S5, Nexus 5, LG G2 or Sony Xperia Z2 ???
Lil Wayne looking like somebody's Mom going to look for them outside in the middle of the night...
I saw a kid get hit in the head with a hockey stick today. How am I supposed to deal with that??
The Dai Ali are still shady af
Nothing can go wrong when your in love with the right one, and if it does its easy to fix because she is the true one.
Really! ?!? Goal in 36 seconds
Thx I think I might be Walter White before he broke bad!!
CAROLINA TE AMO
Subtweet: He dipped the rice in the sauce, and then DIDN'T dip the meat in anything...
Remember who I am cuz you got me mother fuckin twisted
Fcckk it only one on my mind
Hmu if ur down at the beach
The thought of leaving this place again literally kills me inside.
Nah there are to many fish in the sea to live that trifling life...
America's playin in 12 hours I'm ready I'm ready
pq eu n tenho sono toma no cu
BTW @ sarah i got prezel m&amp;ms on ym way out
This rain is a cocksucker now I'm gonna have 100 bitches in my fucking house
It's fine if you go somewhere without me but God forbid we go somewhere without you
Expect no videos in the following week. I'm on a huge road trip to Washington D.C. I'm in Brooklyn, NY curretly.
Someone should definitely have something tonight because kel needs to get drunk and I could go for some drinking tonight
Hasta la mas perra se enamora
Wow I wish I could sleep bc I'm already hungover and have work tomorrow :-)
So like I feel like we are slowly drifting apart...
Surin sos un colgado del ojete, te odio JAJ
All the poor peasants and the slaves to society missed the United State's fastest goal ever.
Aiden is a cute baby name
God I really hate this kid...can I break you??
Well this bday is already a piece of shit\nAt least my ex made it fun for me last yr
Is that the sun I see?
I be feeling like the man when I walk through.
Of course someone from my sleep away camp is sitting in front of me on the Acela
OneRepublic &amp; The Script concert with
damn I love being ignored :)))
So Jel of the girls eating Chinese at the moate....what I would do for salt and chili chicken
I just made chocolate mousse. It, however, needs to cool for THE NEXT SIX HOURS.
Becoming a Gold card member [check]
a lay para de falar cmg do nada :c
If you drop money and I pick it up. You beat bruh. Thats all. U got caught slipping
keg washing stations start at $17k.
Does write her own battles???!!! Is she known for her angles what are they
I kind of just took my phone &amp; my grandma didn't day anything
What to the American slave is ur 4th of July? FD answers a day that reveals to him more than all other days in the year the gross injustice
That's one way for the USA to start off
Still, to this day, the best 4th of July party i've been at was at 's place down in Georgia a couple years ago
hahahaha last night was a shit show
All i wanna do after work is sleep
I wanna smack you rn
Remember when \"engineering\" used to be a profession that required a lot of education and training?
Unbelievable goal by Dempsey!!!!!!
Love how theres a paleteria near my house
whether I become an art therapist or a tattoo artist (obv tattoo artist wldnt) I don't think therapist really descriminates against tattoos
Kurt Cobain held Frances during so many interviews. He loved her, but killed himself one week after last playing with her (April first 1994)
Let me Know if Theres Gonna Ever Be a You And Me i Dont Have Time To Waist.
If you judge and condemn others, you empower and justify your relationship with negative emotions.
Last day of school is always difficult saying goodbye to students you will likely never see again, but pray that they are successful.
I dont understand why everything is my fault.
For now is not forever
Literally just stood on the stage at jones beach, this is awesome!
Tenia mucho sin leer Los tuits de mi amada
FAV AND ILL DM YOU SOMETHING REALLY CUTE
Why is it still 2-0...
\"If there's one thing I don't doubt about Jen it's her liquor consumption...\" -
I hate staying home doing absolutely nothing because then I just eat my entire fridge.
Is it weird that I've been working out for the past 10 minutes and just noticed I was working out?
All I wanna do is go to electric zoo this year but no I'm too busy being poor
Like I shouldn't here your loud ass from the park to my house
Why do you have to be so far from me
the nypd make me feel paranoid not protected
Moving to CT was prolly the best life decision I've made! Gettin that money and learnin so much
Happy 'FU Britannia, We Won' Day!
Yah momma ain't funny tho
you know, its totally awesome having conversations regarding your sex life broadcast on national tv. FML. sorry mom
Not to mention the agonizing pain and inability to lift anything w\/ my right arm
Not sure if has anything left but they've weathered the storm. Good job not letting the scoreboard get... ;-)
We are open! Now til 1am
makapasok nga sa bahay ni kuya para naman mapanood mo ko bumati ng bumati sa cctv's sayo :(
I go to bed at 5 am and wake up at 4 pm. why do my summers have to be so lame?
One goal definitely isnt going to hold up.
I'm drunk as fuck with my family hahahahaha
I wish my bedroom was closer to the kitchen.
Tears are threatening to spill but they won't come out.
I leave my AC on while I go running so when I come back into my room I feel like I'm in Antarctica
These hoes youse to duck me these Homade hot wings and fries plus blue cheese now these hoes wanna fuck me
If the kids next door could stop fucking screaming, yeah, that'd be great.
If I was to receive a medal from the president, I think I would wait for a president that actually loves America.
Say my name to these hoes.
girls be lookin dumb right in they pjs.. Just sayin
St. Regis bar after Google I\/O &lt; St. Regis bar after WWDC
Disfrutando la celebracion del 50 anniversario de la Primera Iglesia Bautista de Bay Shore.
This nigga Tariq got me dying
Watching my 1st Transformer movie. Does not seeing the others matter?Theatre seats are recliners. I'll see a good movie or take a good nap.
It's scary but I think Miami might be able to push this series to 7
Crazy train has always been one of the most annoying song to me.. Sorry Ozzy :\/
im losing compassion for everyone ... even myself
Eat a dick Ghana
summer 2014: when I lost my linkedin virginity
Whoever have me mono must be so happy that a little part of them will be all over social media with my feed
Never ending penalties. My god. These goalies slacking
If someone misses you or wants you in their life they'll make time for u no matter what.
It's like a never ending pms
your immaturity makes you less attractive
Isn't it amazing? You have memories entirely specific to you, and grew up in a specific way. Humans are like a blank canvas.
I was hoping I can sleep in until 11, but I ended up waking up at 8:30 *sigh*
Grill pan? More like smoke pan.
Well I hate you too so it works out!
Jay threw away my phone at a Mexican restaurant
After a little prompting from Britt and my friend Hayley (who works at Applebee's) I went and said hi to him and asked how he was doing...
The people at Planet Fitness today are intense.
Se'Yanna Senai Jones is not my best friend. C'Varia D'Leesha Burton&amp; Asyia Marie Bonner are my best friends. Se'Yanna is my sister.
If you focus on what makes you happy, you'll live a happy life,imperfections and disabilities are all illusions created to darken happiness
these Bosnia guys are so freaking beautiful
California has the perfect weather for the devil
can we fast forward to 11 so i don't have to see anything about chemistry again for the rest of my life
Finally all caught up on and with a half hour to spare before the premiere of season 4.
I only do my hair once a month why the trip
Spurs have claimed their revenge!
Silicon Valley University is our last stop.
reading french milk by makes me miss paris dearly
Been in USA for 5 years today weeee
How much is a plane to Cali
About to go for a run. \"Fasted\" cardio.
He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. Psalm 147:3
Definitely in a conversation with people I don't know what is going on lol
What is Michael Bradley doing
Its a beautiful ass 4th of July in NYC
you can't booty call someone who lives 40 min away, learn the fucking rules. i'm not paying tolls for some ass
this girl told me my ass looked weird so ever since then i've been scared about my ass but there is literally wrong with my ass
Jozy has a strained hamstring. BALLS. And now a bloody face? Woof.
Things that hurt this morning: feet, legs, groin, butt, neck, shoulders, back. Everything? I guess that was a better workout than I thought
Lil wayne all down my TL
This is not Hockey! If a player loses the ball at midfield u don't blame That player when 4usa defenseman couldn't block 1
I be feeling these long ass talks w\/pops , that's my ngga fasho
ya me vicie mucho en el tw, nos vimosss
Holy fuck, my arm just locked up for a few sec.
They say she not playing Aaliyah anymore
One of my weaknesses is that I never have a hair tie but it works out bc one of my strengths is putting my hair into a bun without tools
there's a crack in the concrete floor and it starts at the sink. there's a bathroom in a gas station and i've locked myself in it to think
When a friend says they are in a bar down the block from my apt it would be rude to not stop by for a drink right?
Now it's like okay I'm just gonna leave the country and you can't stop me
I gotta cut my hair .. Damn,just cause of this weeding next week
Getting a shout out from , &amp; pretty much made my day! Much respect!
I hear it takes 1-2 days for the body to adjust back after a cruise. Still swaying on day 3. Maybe I should get back on the cruise ship.
Buy me in n out so I know it's real.
Can I just live close to mah niggas or what.
If you're going to do something you'll deny or regret later then Don't fucking do it at all !
Reading Nice is just a place in France by &amp; watching Bride Wars
Wtf wrong with this heffa ?!
Costa Rica making history and oh wait their coach is Colombian? Haha no surprise
Ya girl ain't loyal she been fckin me
Ugh too much sports on the TV right now
Damn, Manu wants mvp.....
This is a dream
This Saturday were going to be at at 3:30 on the second stage! Free show on the beach! Gonna be so dope, come through!
one more year bro and then I'm out idgaf
People have to stop scaring me with this shit
would be so sick if DJ played some Carl Stalling at the PC Worship show on Friday :)
Costa rica just have to make their next pen.
Next time youre a lil salty, think of a T-Rex trying to jerk off or put a condom on...youre welcome
I'm so annoyed I wanna too someone's head off
I still haven't been to the beach sober
It's incredible how easy he makes the game look.
God takes us to the edge of impossible situations only to open the door to an extraordinary opportunity.
when you have a car and start driving don't be fooled by the friends you think you have
Fuck man I hope they don't count today as an absence or else I'm fucked!
Judeo-Christian ETHICS must be exported to Mid East! Instead of $ build &amp; lease prison space to care 4 our worse! Teach them!
Sons of anarchy is getting so goood but I neeeed to go to bed SOON.
She just really want me for my gear
These birds behind the stage though lmao
Can't believe Beyonce fucked Nas and Marques Houston.
Why don't people get that simplicity goes a long way. .
Bring back chris tucker or kevin hart
What a fuckin goal!!!
My mom and I bond watching south park
Take my hand lets c where we wakeup tomorrow best laid plans sometimes r just a 1 night stand I'll b damned cuspids demanding back his arrow
A lot like birds is mad good
Underrated is that in soccer you can get injured and get treated on the field while the game clock runs
Watching pain and gain again
You everything that these plain bitches couldn't be
S\/o to the whole Bay Area, we up
Can the announcement be 5sos please like headlining an American tour because I'd cry until I graduated college
No matter what you say or what you do\nwhen I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Water break! Anyone?
I just want to be together.
DJ Khaled is so fucking annoying
\"La vida no se trata de ser un ganador o un perdedor, se trata de ser uno mismo y dar lo mejor.\"
Quote from a child to us during user testing: \"It can talk to you! Can you show me how to make a robot?\" In due time, little one.
I just ate mongolian yet I'm craving pizza
Miami wasn't challenged this whole playoffs
So Mexico basically has a brick wall as goalkeeper
Happy 4th of July from 20 Hawley Street, where our fridge, stove and microwave dont work, along with half power for everything else
Final whistle blows with the Roos taking the W by a score of 5-2!!
Can you not tweet about soccer
Party tn all seniors r invited females in every grade are invited as well.the only people that need an invite r guys that r under classmen!
I mean, it's not like I lost my voice or anything
gotta figure out what I'm gonna get into this week.
fuck leg days, I lay down feelin like my legs about to cramp up
How are you gonna call me and ask me what I want
Ill take its time but ill get there!
FYI I've already started to receive compliments on my - Thank you!
My boss just said to me \"go jump up and down in that top and point to our stand\" oh k.
You can't not go to lil v's and not get a slice
Michael Bradley better not be next
Just finished homework I feel ima throw up if I don't get sleep lol
PLOT TWIST: my hair really isn't real, it's extensions
I don't NEED compliments about my weight loss, but it honestly does motivate me to work harder!
Should I act human and eat a donut? Or maintain my clean diet? Hmmmm
I have yet to find an inappropriate time to play \"No Diggity.\" Its 90s counterpart \"Pony\" is a completely different story.
Varsity Blues is on !!
That's really convincing .
10 20 30 40 TWLL ME. THAT YOU. WANNA. SCOLD ME.
Ok if Germany wins today .. that'd be great!
Fuck I smoked not even half that blunt and I'm high... As f
Happy birthday Anthony, lovealways. Hope you good up there breh
I may hate the heat but I got to admit they have had a run that belongs in the history books
You got it! ;)
Tailgating at Jones Beach- OneRepublic :)
I get no love on Instagram
OH NO, THE BUG GIRL FROM LoZ:TP IS IN HYRULE WARRIORS... STOP IT STOP IT I DON'T WANT THE GAAAMMMEE NOOOOOOOOO
Why is this dirt bag in my house
If you WEREN'T such a whore we wouldn't have a problem LOLZ
Call me while I watch this scary movie lol fr tho
The worst thing you can have at a theme park is fast pass. Pay to win is not cool.
You are far too kind, . Plenty more hotties in Florida, where you come from :-)
I actually really like Sage the Gemini... Sorry but he's fine as fuck...
U S AND A
I aint met a nigga yet I woulda made my right hand
You dont drink poison and wait for it to kill your enemy
The Bay Area can have all of me
Its weird how I can look at you now and feel disgusted that we even dated.
Common looks like Starkey and Jon Black's father
Gago en mi equipo juega siempre.
\": I love you so much,you make me smile and happy&lt;3Thank you my love&lt;3 I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOU IN ICELAND!!&lt;3\"
My birthday in 2days just wait on it.
I've lost all my respect for so many people
No one drinks just one CapriSun.
I want U.S.A to win in there group stage
Nadie le pudo decir a Rueda que SUIZA estaba goleandolo a Honduras. Nadie?? Llevo a Martinez, Ayovi, Rojas, R. Ibarra a pasear.
Beat that messi
I think a big part of my downwards spiral is the fact that I don't see my friends everyday.
I just want to sleep, but everyone wants to go out
The announcers keep talking about how the team is totally different. We know they suck now, no need to keep talking about it.
I want an edible arrangement for my birthday plz fruit gods
clap for Rex cuz she knows how to count mother fuckers
When my dad goes to work, he builds sonars for submarines. When Cole's dad goes to work, he flies over submarines. Cole's dad is a pilot.
there are so many throwback shows on at this hour
Don't wanna go too far just to take it slow
Your loyalty is what I need.
When fat girls wear all white it looks like they bout to start levitating
that wig is awful! pls press charges on that car that tore that dress up.. .. 'How the hell can u sit?
I'm not quite sure what I feel towards you...
So tired of bein dragged down. Misery loves company
Dance. It's all I wanna do, so won't you dance? I'm standing here with you- why won't you move?
Bout to hit the button.
Mmmm...humidity. Didn't miss that while I was in Portland.
I can't wait to see the beautiful this weekend &lt;3
Let's win tomorrow boys. Now it's time to watch some
CAN YALL POST PRE EDC PICS ALREADY!! I WANNA SEEE!!!!!!!!!!
I could really use anything to cheer me up right now
What's normal anyway ?
I'm so sleepy but I got a fever I'm mad warm
Happiest of bdays to mwahs!
Gooooodddd nighttttt! \nWLC, here I come!!!!!
I see a softball game in my future ..
That's my jam gets me pumped
Sleep all day up all night. I might as well be nocturnal
Speaker said reporters need to be more surgical with FOIA
In a way, I got my best friend back
Ima color my lightbulb blue an see how it it looks lmao
Nothing like waking up with what feels like metal shavings stuck in my eye
24th St is *silent* you guys \/ Where are all the drunks\/crazies \/ Does this mean the Zombie Apocalypse started?
Me and my broski been coolin all day, we on them quads tonight who wanna cone ride em, we got two
black bird with an orange dot out here (oriole?) that sounds like AOL dial up internet. Weird details make me like the
Raausclaut what a goal from di US
What can I do to help you?
I don't think I've ever been so anxious in my life
If it ain't one thing it's another
Studying ya body that's exams for da boy....
As if you even own anything from Tiffany's you fraud ass bitch.
WOW JUST WOW
Someone talk to me right now, I am so beyond bored
\"when dance moms comes back, my personality comes back\" ~
My take on the Redskin debate: if even one person is offended, the name should be changed. Plus, imagine the $ earned for selling new gear.
Stop dming me to follow you on Instagram , kik YouTube or any other sites
GUYS JENN IS MY NUMBER ONE YOUTUBE OKAY AND SHE FAVORITED MY TWEET AND IVE NEVER BEEN MORE HAPPY
If Swisher is going to continue to be in the lineup, Francona needs to switch him with Gomes so Chisenhall has some protection .
Dreams of being a soccer mom
I AM IN TEARS JERMAINE JONESSSSS
Even after all this time, it still feels too good to be true...
On HD Slow mo reply? Think about every blake griffin dunk in real time v. annoying slowed down faces.
A mole is forming on my left wrist so it's been sort of a busy month for me
Sometimes I have to take a step back and talk to myself like I'm talking to a friend.
I have to catch the 7:23 Q Train and here I am, not asleep.
I need to go to church Sunday morning
That moment when he was telling me how they fought with some niggas in the park... Bruh Bruh I'm not 7 years old! Tuku ho talanoa ta'e
Since 2004 until forever Every Single Moment Infinite times God Damn Shane Jordan Classicalite .Taylor Swift Just mine, I'm Hers.Enough LIES
\": \"F*ck being nice. Be GOOD.\" - on nice guys\"
Your Bible tells you what time it is. \nYour Bible tells you to .\nYour Bible tells you to focus on . Do you believe God?
Lol apparently I come off as a miserable bitch. Thanks mommy
Jill Abramson, mere minutes into her discussion of NSA investigation at - \"Being the pushy broad that I am ...\"
I mean, it wasn't THAT good. You over-exaggerator, you.
Happy 4th of july bitches hope to see yall gettin rowdy tonight
my favorite part about my journey this past year has been all of the eclectic people I have met.
Fatest goal ever.
Happy Frugal Friday Twitter Fans! \n
What is this drama about a sandwich?
i really want that jigen movie totebag i'm gunna KILL FOR IT
Do watcha want \nI'm not your girlfriend\nI'm not your mother
End of sixth inning, Giants still losing 3-0. It's only 9:00, but some of the already staking out the joint. It's early, birds.
Finally caught up on PLL. Now I need another show to watch.
Might get to leave this overnight shift early
Standing here waiting to get tickets for my bus. Caught some stray wifi on my iphone.Writing some short story scenes. Anyone wanna check em?
Some Short Girls Are Fucking beautiful
Me and are so gay.
Celebrating Independence Day knowing that The Supreme Court has made a very oppressive decision.
someone bring me to fireworks tonight or something pls
Mikey said the lady who works at the dollar store told him happy Halloween. \"I'm not that ugly!\"
I saw a shooting star and thought of you
Can't enjoy this drive thru the mountains bcuz I'm too concerned w the fact that there aren't any bathrooms out here
Once one bad thing happens it's like a domino effect for the rest of the day
Ou kwe Mpata jwen lot la
wishing we were at the farm
Wish I could be back home for Canada day tomorrow
I never really had a set curfew. It just depending on how nice my parents were feeling that night. Lol
I refuse to follow dis fake shit they promote
Costa Rica is about to go ape shit
Just met her already feels like I know the real her
Tank and Ginuwine would sell more sex tapes then they do albums there a hot couple
Harvey Milk vive, la lucha sigue!
If only the had a ! We could have dazzled Dr Doolittle!
Only Kobe fans &amp; true Spurs fans can talk; Melo &amp; KD fans have several seats
Why does Faye have to look fab on snapchat?
ok season finale of Orange Is The New Black was :o
What crack was Francesa on when he said the Mets could use Cervelli.. Haaaaahaha. We already have 3 catchers batting .200.
Eminem still getting on tracks!???
When the f**k will people learn how to drive without hitting poor innocent animals especially deer. Can't stand it.
Lean bien lo que escribo. En esta saga o se mueren Juvia o Gray, o Gruvia se vuelve canon.
i want some many things from Zara! why must they have a sale when i'm broke?!
Eso fue Rt+fav.
So it looks like both weak and unowned properties segfault in this Swift seed. Fun.
What a goal baby!!!!!
So I just saw Steve Nash and Julius Randle in the same day
Holy Shit!!!! What a goal!!!! I SEE YOU JERMAINE
I think the spurs are gonna win the NBA Finals.
I really don't like when people pierce their face... Nose rings are pushing it
This other stupid kid shared a vid of some kid with half his face blown off. Nigga no one wants to see that fuck off
I'm too smart to be naive anymore.
KLINNSMAN YOU ARE A GENIUS.
Don't think Brazil has reached there peek at all. Gonna be dangerous in the following round
Who's game for some daberonis
If you feel you need to lie to someone about something you want to do that probably means you're going about it the wrong way
HE HIT THAT SHIT IN WITH HIS DICK
Anyone send their transcript for nustep classes yet?
Why must guys always talk about some other bitches ass in front of their girl like it's okay ?
I like those days where is kinda gloomy, the sky is grey, and it's cold but you take a walk anyways because you like the slow rain
It's one thing to tell grandma she's wrong. It's another beast to say that the pastor is wrong. Because pastors are all knowing.
does normani go through her indirects
As a man if you say your about it be about it!!!
Latch and Turn Down For What are the theme songs to my freshman year of college. IV in a nutshell.
sing ur new single live
Backstrom is on security so there is nothing to worry about
Clint Dempsey was just like let me see how fast I can score
I'm deadass abouta cry
Dad and Jeff chanting USA in long johns
i need to find a way to practice.
\"Just don't shove your toes in my ass and we won't have a problem\"
all I want is to be layed up, wrapped in his arms
Work til 10 wahhhh. But off to Albany after. Wooooo
Wondering how many more tips I would get if I wrote \"trying to pay for college\" on the jar...
I want you to be as interested in me, as I am in you.
I think aboutchu now and then
The struggle to get back to Westchester
I wish I could get those strong buzzes again...
There is someone on my train with a gin blossoms t-shirt. I don't know what to do.
I cant fall asleep, i wish i had someone to talk to
Interview in the morning and then one more day of work til I'm off to SoCal
SENIOR SKIP DAY!!!
Goal USA!!!!!! Great start!!!!
I sure picked a terrible Giants series to go to every game.
Live your life .. Take chances .. BE CRAZY ,, Don't wait Because right now is the oldest you've been and the youngest you'll ever be again
GOOD SHIT CLINT DEMPSEY
Will I even make it out of NYC TODAY? As my taxi hurtles towards LGA, the skies are looking ominous.
SOMEONE COME TO SB WITH ME TOMORROW TILL THURSDAY WTF
am i wrong for thinking that we can be something foreal....
Great start to the day... ()
Miss the SQUAD!!
Wtf? How was that a penalty
I had a great time horseback riding :)
idk why people can't just watch the freaking soccer games without tweeting every single thing that happens..
omg, you should so totally follow me. .1mill
I'm acaully gunna do something today
I think I'm the only one, but I find the 'Merica and 'Murica thing to be disrespectful.
Good thing this airport isn't stuffy.
Costa Rica advances!!! They're freaking awesome to watch! To the quarterfinals, they go!
standing alone is better than standing with people that hurt you
Just lost an hour out of my night.. Thank you time zones!
John didnt like this girls photo because i told him not to MY BABY IS SO WHIPPED
Remember, when you date her you date all 18k of her followers.
\"Youre in the EDM business? What do you do?\" \" oh i promote at pacha\" \n
driving in wedges is probably the hardest thing ever
If you haven't yet seen on you should go stream it immediately!
This is the most negative emotion that I have seen from the Djoker in a while.
Wow I step outside for two minutes and I miss USA's first goal smh
In my hood hood nigghuhs get locked down evreyday and your nigghuhs hit on your girl and get her knocked down
So many fake friends so little time
I was so bad at everything else in that class before that final haha
SOME GIRLS R FUCKEN STUPID OMGGGGGGGGG
Do u want to call me im bored as shit
I didn't even mean what I said
True story: Just had an uber driver who tried to get me to partner with him and his friend on a line of clocks targeted at Free Masons.
CALEB BOUGHT A PAINTING THAT WAS IN THE BEDFORD READER HAHAHHAHAHAH
We All Have Stuff We Don't Talk About
Wait what happen to Derek last season?? I forgot.
Hey, - what's it like being a real, live mermaid?
According to Twitter, the only thing bitches want out of a relationship is to get their booty smacked and eat pizza.
En 31 segundo
Wanna see 22 jumpstreet tonight whos gunna accompany us
Catch me at a wedding on the 4th
She so cool she gives head with her shades on
*Wiggle comes on*\nMom: KIMMY OUR THEME SONG IS ON\nMe:
I keep thinking were gonna have school Monday
\"What's the point of living if you don't have a dick?\"
I'm scared to open up anymore because I always get hurt.
ATL is screaming yo wass good wit them goons &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; they beats so dopeeee what??? Tell em DRE lol
Man I hate when I let people persuade me into buying shit, cuz this Red Velvet ice cream aint even all that
I refuse to have to manipulate a man into living me, I was never taught that
Give that man a fine
my whole body aches. I've never been this damn sore
My birthday is in 19 days. And the best surprise present would be to see my best friend
My maternity pants are huge and fall down all night long &amp; they're a 4 -____-
Tyler casually explored my universe today, and yes, there was touching.
Li dou deugg waay
another day another dolla more money more murda
I get at least 40 boners a day, is this normal?
I've been in bed literally all day taking naps
My eyes look so crazy this AM...
Show was amazing... and I finally have time for dinner at 11:30.
I love being the oldest of my friends and looking like the youngest ;-)))(
I'm so great , I don't always feel like this tho
\"Allie.... Allie.... I require gram crackers.\" -Ian Nadler
I love when he asked \"so what are we building?\" And after Walt's response, JP says, \"A robot!\"
It is definitely possibly for me to be a nice person....
If I had a monster truck I would love traffic
fuaa ya no pudo nitragar salivaa qe feooo es estooo
Discussing the difference between the contents of African-American freezers and Caribbean freezers.
Literally I have a wiffle ball bruise on my stomach..
Is Granderson playing in the Old Timers' game too?
If you don't think going to the bay at 1 AM is important then you probably aren't thinking
O my goddddd
Amidst World Cup fever, we need to keep things in prospective. 1. american football &gt; soccer on any level or stage
You know shit got hectic when you wake up in the same clothes from last night lol
DEAR JERMAINE JONES... THAT WAS AMAZING!!! USA!
Don't bring your kids to happy hour
Everyone has had it with Cena. Listen to all the boos!
I mean are you serious ?? What a start for
I need to go clean my nose ring but too lazy
if your name on anything has \"sidenigga\" you're corny.
Bro i need a vanilla slushie from
have you ever wondered if there's someone out there in the world exactly like you?
I have a \"blue collar\" job and a \"white collar\" job. My \"blue collar\" job pays about 50% more.
I get all dolled up &amp; for what? My plans to get cancelled? That's ok at least I can chauffeur my brother around... just what I wanna do
ok is anyone else hype for keke palmers show or am i the only one? lmaao DONT JUDGE
\": Most my friends have no chill &amp; that's why I fucking love them\"
I'm stressing out!!!!!
It doesn't matter who you are, I won't do nice things for you if you take it for granted
Guess they don't really make em like me no more.
I love Clint Dempsey a lot
Cannot lay with this dude w out getting molested
Like I didn't do anything to you to be acting the way that you are
I hurt my head, knee, foot, and burned my chest but my brother would barely go in the water cause he stepped on a rock
Nobody's going to feel bad for someone who keeps making the same mistakes
Why are there people at Mirabeau with blue lights. They're scaring me
\": fuck relationships eat pizza\" pizza never breaks your heart leaves you lonely or doesn't taste good unlike most bitches
This train needs to hurry up so i can pass out
At Hurricane Harbor I couldn't find my Wendy Peffercorn. I was going to drown for her to save me
Feeling like a mother everyone wants to come home to me
Bright blue &amp; pink hair is tacky
I still cannot watch the games. I'm convinced the hates their fans.
Only cool kids have multiple nicknames...
The whole world, in this moment, Alex song he fool!!!
I dont think Wiggins gone be better than Parker at all tbh
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
I hate having people play my position in football, because it pisses me off when they don't do it right and it's like your master craft.
\": Still want me to make you dinner? \" Omg. Yes dude.
Dont pat my head like ima dog. U aint but u give head like one hahaha karina a foo!
Oh I'm sorry. I guess you didn't realize the conversation ended two \"Lol's\" and three \"K's\" ago.
Getting Paid $100 To Goto In The City For A Hour Focus Group
\"You're not Briggs\"\n\"Yeah, well neither are you\"\n\n
Sex on the first date don't make u a whore
oh yeah, my point by the way was not to trust anything that's \"FDA approved.\" that approval doesn't mean shit.
Has trading coaches always been a thing?
I adore this. I am a jerhomie for life!!!
There have been multiple seasons of Teen Wolf and people still don't know how to spell Stiles right, I don't even watch the show and I know.
Back on that gossip girl grind starting tonight
I hate King of the Hill cause it's boring but I like the theme song
Gauze tastes like shit, never eat it
i'm so in love with the packs. they're so perf thats why i cant choose between them
J. Cole should've dropped a quick 16 on Sapiosexual.
Celebrating Americas birthday in Pelosi's backyard. Does one have fireworks when they hate freedom?
I don't wanna get old, I'm too dope as a young beautiful female lmao.
\"We see with our eyes. We know with our hearts.\" -Cantus Fraggle
Why is it so hard to believe that I don't take requests. Go find a new jack.
Niggas who talk too much about what they do is mainly and I'm not sure, probably.. talm bout what they use to do.
Anyone down to get some panda express ? Lol
I guess you have to live with your mistakes, learn to better yourself, and work hard to get what you want.
PG Raymond Felton has avoided jail time for his idiotic actions with a gun. He'll do community service and pay a fine.
The ones beneath me see the red bottoms I wear
Wtf is good with August Alsina hair??
Pharrell deserves that.... beat both of Beyonces videos... !!!
It's gonna be a long day
You can spend a lot of time with \"what if's\" or you can just say screw it and move on with yaa life
Wow that was sensational, pick it out of the net Beto!
Desean Jackson wants to be in the music business so bad
Big wknd starts now: son n I to see then block pty 2moro follow by Coney Island=MONEY
Once in a while, you hear a song or lyric in a song that just sends a chill down your spine and it's the most amazing feeling...
Bitch Eat A Dick.
I don't want to be an actress for the fame\/fortune. I want to be an actress to kiss cute actors.
\"u walk into atlanta.... nd u feel like the middle of an oreo\" -
Maserati, Ferrari, Porsche all sitting outside the hotel. About $750k chilling outside my front door.
Ochoa is the ultimate \"or NAH\" goalie
also proud of @ jenna and @ stephanie for being swag
Nothing makes me madder then when someone takes my food
This chick too big! There's no reason you should've gained that much weight!!
This sherriff race is tight man
I hate when girls wanna kiss and shii...
Did anyone here there's going to be a zombie apocalypse
Glantz: editors want you to find the \"perfect\" subject (in this case, a vet), but he wants to tell the story honestly instead.
Chris and Harrison just gave me a little heart attack
Lost .. Never going to find her aka alone at govs
Thanks to social media, I now know what everyone's dad looked like in the. 90's and mid-2000's
Me and just had the funniest nights ever
What a cheap shot!!
The Bob Duncan vines really get to me
Woman crush Wednesdays..\nWhat's next?\nSide bitch Sunday's??
I think I'm dumb maybe just happy
Today was such a disappointment.
This trip Is taking me back to when I drove to Seattle. Damn it's hitting me hard
\"Here are your boxers\" -a BAD thing to say when your male friend's mother is within earshot but NOT within sight
Aaaand it kills me that I had a typo in that last tweet.
Fuck I just want BIG dick in my butt
I wish I kicked Vivian in the face when I had the chance too when we were small.
Well that wasn't out usual goodnight at all ..
I can't with lol brah are you really wearing Uggs?!?!
Been wearing the same baseball socks for the last 5 games.... I should prob just burn them.
basically. RT : Billy Jean was a Thot.
i need to be a nicer person
I just want to go to Disneyland. Is that too much to ask?
Wow, is the biggest group of misinformed and ignorant adults on the planet.
Shapiro asks the panel how they decide who to trust\/experts when analyzing data\/science. Phillips: talked to the drs themselves.
Tweeting from my new gold iPhone 5S ayyyyyy
you guys are good and just peeped the dropbox!!!
Hahahahhahahahahha wHAT A SHANK
5 AM comes quick. Time to hit the hay!
I have seen far too many tits and dicks today
no bodies up very confused why
I need this last hour of work to hurry up! I have a project due at 12 and I haven't even started!!!
At the fork that we format their feet
I KNOW WHO I IWANT TO TAKE ME HOME
Guys, please up your standards and stop encouraging these basic bitches. We all deserve a top shelf kind of woman.
my ex friend thinks she's so cool because she went to see arctic monkeys like cool??? u ditched me and now i have ur 1d tix i win
Good morning citizens of America! Let's kick off the day of our independence right!
Your actions define what people think of you, not what people say.
Bitch real G's move in silence like lasagna
8:51pm Hala ktu su ba syfyri :* &lt;3
icant expect for you to respect me when you dont even respect yourself
You're so consumed in him. He doesn't need to tag along all the time. Like no.
Oh man tonight is not looking good for me .
I just wanna hang out with Peter Tosh.
My main goal in life is to make as much money as I can
The type of girl I want is an independent pretty female who respects themselves in public n is a freak on the bed!
why the fuck is it so hot
Feels good to be back in Cali!!
Youre a fucking bitch like straight up lame bitch
I need a stress reliever ..
I'm stealing ches's\/Trev's chinchilla one of these days
this niggga really bout to beat his gfs ass lmfoa
Bumping 2 4 the 1st time gotta say kid Dope he make since with his lyrics kid on doing what you do bro
I think about food more than anyone else
If we go to war with North Korea because of James Franco and Seth Rogen, then idk whether to laugh or cry
Where in the hell is my best friend on a night like this??
I'm going to excel at excel in the next 8 weeks
blocking numbers on iphone is wonderful --&gt; never ending block party
And that is a wrap for Love Live
Petrified to look at my SAT score. Don't even wanna. So I won't.
Spanish regent is tomorrow and all I know how to say is the goat's mustache is Cameron Diaz.
Don't know why I held on to someone who didn't deserve me for so long ..
I wanna take shots with Dylan
I feel like such an asshole, I ordered a drink at Starbucks two minutes before they closed
Feel like shit now that I woke up
FUCK MAN I HAS GOOSEBUMPS AND SHIT IT WAS CRAZY
U got to be a lame nigga to give your girl your password anyway
She had lost a lot of weight what happened
Meeting Tyler made me so happy but I hope next time I see him that I actually can tell him how important he is to me
Lmao. S\/o to yb for favoring my tweets everybody follow
If I sit on this couch for one more night I'm gonna lose it
We should, at all times, empower people. Apple does not empower, it allows or enables.. At whim.
JONES!!! What a goal!
Sweat done ruined my nice blazer
About 10 till 11pm &amp;my family is debating about electric cars.
7:44 am and i'm up and listening to the after prom playlist .. LEGGGOOO:-)
Pinnochio lied and thats what kept him from it.
At the boardwalk with my love about to watch the lost boys
Cherries for breakfast, cherries for lunch, cherries for dinner. And everything in between
I just wanted to walk with him everywhere
THAT IS THE ONLY FORMULA TO SOLVE AT ONCE search find &amp; ____? EVERY COUNTRY SHOULD HELP FBI &amp; CIA + ALL INTELLIGENCES WORLD AGENCIES
Brandy melville opens a nrw NYC store in broadway Soho tomorrow 11am (:
Either people's tweets are hilarious tonight or I'm extremely tired because I'm laughing like a drugged up seal right now.
My foots itchy and I have to sneeze
Risking everything that's what life is it's all or nothing.
Haha is Monday my new leg day?
Okay Peavs!! Keep it hot brotha!!!
Why y'all got a black man beating up Abraham Lincoln?
good job on making it in the top 20 im rooting for you
what guy pulls a girls hair when hes fighting her ...
But it still smells like shit and I have to clean it.
Opened window, falling asleep to the beautiful sound of raindrops
\"that goal was freaking sexual\"
Eyes chinease cause we smoking sour diesel
Y ahora los bosnios desconcentrados, confundidos y ausentes, como Messi pues.
\"Dreams don't work unless you do\"
\": sleeping in a big tshirt with no pants is basically my life\"
No one ever wants to do anything
1:14 AM on NJ Transit with and
Don't assume shit, ask a nigga
i just got spanked by for 's closing party at bc i write bad jokes and make the art world hear them :-\/
Tday consisted of 2 smr schl classes, visiting Micah @ CoffeeBean, hiking, rolling my ankle hiking, breaking my phone hiking, &amp;&amp; Incahoots!!
It seriously scares me how fake people can be
I feel so bad for Lebron. He carried this team all season and this is the thanks he gets
last night was way too insane
Every time I order coffee I'm like \"can I have a large black _____\" and it's awkward
It's amazing that no matter how included I am, I always feel like I'm being left out
GUNSHOTS AT 4am \n\nI love it here :')
Cant fuck with ya niggas im sorry
this being on hold shit is most definitely not the wave
Thinking about buying these air maxes I saw today.
But you're probably sleeping and plus your in another country sooo yeaa
A little narcissism is good for the soul. Arrogance can be valuable.
At the end of the day rasheedas mom is being a mom looking out for her daughters well being
Good thing Landon isn't on the team.....
TO AQUI LEMBRANDO DE MIM NA BELIEVE TOUR QUANDO AQUELE CRONOMETRO PAROU E O JUSTIN ENTROU E CANTOU AATW EU TAVA TENDO UM ATAQUE EPILETICO
I know you wanna live this California life.
I know this is meta but I wish there was a tweet in tweet twitter card.
To be completely honest with everyone I'm not that sure what kind of mood I'm in right now
Officially, I'm an inventor. USPTO Patent Number: 8,762,827. Remembering colleagues at this time.
Why doesn't the iPhone 5s have the option to turn a burst mode photo into a djif?
Get a call from Edrick saying he got hurt at the soccer field by my house, show up &amp; he just got tiny cut...yup that's my friend for you!
Ooh shit!! CR7... Oh yea the jersey ain't white
Di Maria and Aguero played the worst game I've ever seen them play just now.
She is not ugly yall...chill out. And she type thick too. Dont shade people cause yall my friends
He still bow wow to me ...
Ayyyyy good for Bosnia
Apologize if i saw anything i dont mean
In need of a blunt or 5.
It's number 2 right now. One more spot to go. let's keep it up
Lmao at Dempsey ahahah he looked at that nigga like get up bitch
Not sure if I'm getting all the followers bc the selfie I used or the thirst trap Alex used
I BELIEVE THAT WE CAN WIN!!!!!
Only regret I have is not telling some people to fuck off sooner
Now to go meet with the big boss
I'm my own worst critic. Nobody else can judge me more harshly than myself.
SHAWNS AT NUMBER THREE IM SCREAMING
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
WHY MuSt THE HOtteSt PEOPLE liVE SO dAmN fAR
hoping tomorrow will be a better day
I wish would switch their data 50% notifications to text in the afternoon vs 2am. Slightly sleep deprived this morning.
Niggas be talking about how small their circle is like Rico ain't kill Mitch..
Up and all the lights in my room are spazzing out. I ain't scared tho
I'm going to Vegas on Saturday.:'))
I don't know what I would do without bagels and beyond
Get in there, Tyrann Mathieu!
shit's getting Messi
My mans car just got towed in Manhattan. And we are sick right now.
Redefined \"ops expert\" tonight after talking with got me thinking about practice and patterns
If Cubans or Dominicans played soccer we'd be running shit
Swagger to the max my name tatted on her back switching up my swag the dick got her strung out like crack
I shouldn't even be up rn wtf
we can just run them red lights
\": yeah i really just am\" family matters beats all tho
Ikea $10.76 the gap $9 raise get up and work motha fuckers. No excuses anymore.
I really want to go to practice but then I also really don't
Swan Lake was incredible tonight
Up watching dragon ball Z lol
Francia o Alemania? No lo tengo claro.
35 shots is officially way gl much!!!!!!
You're so pathetic
Y disen que los hombres no deben llorar por una mujer que a pagado mal pero yo no pude contener mi llanto cerrando los ojos me puse a llorar
Ven y vamos no de rumba como lo hacen halla fuera
this is some hard shit ..
I want him to tell me he loves me again.
Shawn Michaels: rocking duck-face since the nineties.
Oh hell yeah new cigar by a must on my list!!!!
that's annoying af you can't just say your having a party and tell everyone and anyone can come than just cancel the day of the party
HAHAHAH FUCK MY LIFE THERES A BABY RIGHT BEHIND ME ON MY 16 HOUR FLIGHT ALREADY CRYING HELL YEAH
But you really just know the old me
WHAT A FUCKIN RIPPPPP LET'S GOOOOO
If you can afford laser removal, every tattoo is a temporary tattoo.
\"I want to believe that I'll live forever in the clouds listening to angels play harps, therefore women can't choose their own healthcare.\"
My mom always waking up yelling Omfg
Almost got chose by a french women today, jah bless oakley lol
&amp; all the people keeping me company fell asleep :( so now I'm left with my thoughts... Ugh.
Plus my son was one of the realest niggas you could come across in the game. Even Biggie was on some phony shit
Why are we constantly trying to control things out of our control? Better to accept and observe.
YA I GUESS ILL JUST STAY HOME AND DO NOTHING FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK COOL
\"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.\" ~ Michael Jordan
Love you too babe RT : Love you
Just bought the lone ranger movie today hope its worth it
I forgot to fuckin shave and it's gonna be too hot to wear yoga pants tomorrow
The fact that big Gucci got an iphone &gt;&gt;&gt;
Part 3 is good but an experiment with stands and actually boring at times, so bland and repetitive
Birthday in an hour
Happy 4th! We're getting the car and headed to Long Island today. Wheeee! Although it's supposed to be rainy. this weather
Chabot is ratchet as fuck
Equinox wants me to integrate social media into my entire gym experience, \"from pre-workout to post.\" Wha?!
.LOL you # the to promote your fake Independent Sentinal That's funny! Never loss your sense of humor
Let's see what you got
Bc they will eventually want his dick js
Best stoop in tomorrow starting :00am @ 252 Henry street bk off the 4\/5 train! Borough Hall
\": I wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 2am just looking at the stars, not worrying about the problems that we have going on\"
I LOVE YOU AND THE SONG
Freaks and Geeks for young James Franco &amp; Jason Segel
Spent an hour on the phone witchu like wtffffff
\": YES &amp; music LOTS of music!!!\" Crazy music, like all indie and alternative and other weird funky music lol
Don't think this summer will be anything like last summer
I'm going to be late to work, SWEET
when you take off your makeup you look like a different person
I bet the Pacers are really happy they were able to get George Hill from the Spurs for the draft pick that became Kawhi Leonard.
Teen Titans go is just...omg this show is so cute and full of lolz
Take me as I am or be left alone
Can I just order all 28474792 versions of the 5sos album yes yes
I don't get how these teams sign injured players just like that. Who knows if they'll be the same after an injury..
When you ask a nigga for there Instagram and they said they don't have one BITCH ARE YOU HUMAN?!?!
I seriously need to hop on this coupon life
Manu is FEELING IT
Tbh if I didn't snapchat a selfie before a show, did I really go?
Yes! Jones. Side net. Go
Accidental shopping spree with
Love has no gender. Love is love.
y yo esperando a que vuelvas con una tristeza enorme
Babysitting + scary movie = paranoia
\": \"At this arty with my girl. got so wasted I ended up cheating on her with her brother\" - The Ohio State University\" TF
Lets go CLINT !
Bro why is everyone having kids?
the gurlz now go by juicy j, queen b, jay z, and r kelly get it got it good!!!
That was a hard work goal if I ever saw one.
you do realize he doesnt care, he wont ever care.
Born bronnnnb hahahahah
Damn to get the all red high top chucks? Or those strawberries &amp; cream adidas? Decisions decisions
Lmfaooo wtf I was angry this morning. Peace and love peace and love xo
I need someone to benefit my life.
Giant glasses of champagne on a Sunday evening.
Found my tripod. We back in business
First time in maybe 11 yrs I'm gunna have to go to bed early,
what is there to do tonight
You like 2 months late \"Wait 24 is back??
If you want to hear your name I'll shout it
Everyone has a threshold of RT tolerance
Damn that vday episode of orange is the new black is sad
I hate when bad things happen to the wrong people..it just heartbreaking to see
Baby when I look at you
\"My dads calling me hold on\"
I'm not kidding I love rain
Solo flight JFK to . Head count 43 kids under 10 yrs old boarding the flight.
Niggas in this line are wilding already.
Tarzan is on Netflix.\n\nJust let Phil Collins sooth your soul.
Lmaoo foreal tho who is Kaylin and Miles? What do they do?
Gonna go to Jenny's by myself after this class. LOL.
see the same hoessss woah ohhhh ohhh.
David has 5 min then I'm leaving him at coc he always does this shit to me
This cough got me dying
If I were on this show, I think I'd be more upset at the end to find out that he's not actually a ginger.
I can't wait to have the body I want nd be able to wear clothes I want But most if all I can't wait to feel good wearing them
My chest hurts from this morning session at le gym
Having issues right now with needing to leave the house and wanting to put a bra on
Here we go. Let's do this!
Janessa &amp; I are the biggest assholes you will ever meet
I never heard this song before
Pro-wrestling fans. Follow my wrestling account for updates on matches &amp; the firey personality that is X.
I ain't finna fight nobody's battles
Kim Jung un wanting to go to war because a Seth rogan movie is such a North Korean move
Only time can tell where things will take us
I don't even want to go to graduation tomorrow
... this is not good
If I follow someone and they don't follow me back I unfollow dose basic bitches
When Eddie Guerrero's music just hit on raw it gave me goosebumps!! Brought back memories of his great matches!Favorite of all time
Bruh my stomach is eating my insides
Obv, deGrom needs to go down when Gee is ready. Dice K to the Bullpen
Good men are always under appreciated.....show your man love if he is good to you
This kanye Cannes interview is the best thing I've heard in a while
I wish I could just really tell some people off
i was a worthless piece of shit again today hahahah
I couldn't be the only one who despised the movie \"Honey\"
I honestly wish I could control my feelings.
YEAH yeah YEAH YEAH YAAAAA YEAAAAAH OOO OOOOH OH LET THE PIANO MAN PLAY
I keep a lamp on in front of my window so I can listen to the sounds of bugs slamming into the panes as my day comes to a close
I BELIEVE THAT WE WIN. I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN. I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.
WOW I HAVE US HISTORY REGENTS TOMORROW!!! MIGHT FAIL!!!
Lil snipe woulda snap at the bet awards this year !
Someone should defs text me.
Throw that pen and paper away! RT :I definitely just pre-ordered . No more manual tracking!
My aunt standing butt ass naked in front of me ctfu.
Dempsey you beast.
I really like the song Anklebitters
Need to meet while I'm here in Oakland ~
Hold on, yes I'll be right back.
Good morning! I love mondays :D
Realest niggah at asu west aka just followed me &amp; !
I'm at sitting next to Miss Claudette's sister.
.Wow! You really taught me a lesson!
we got into our first r rated movie alone guys!!!!!!
Walking around santa cruz this weekend. I realized how many mixed race people we got around here man I like it. Girls finessin everywhere
Love the entrance music, Panik!
If you're not gonna be down the shore this week, i would seriously hate to be you because we're gonna have the time of our lives
your good 88
Tis the season to be single
Abbey Copperwheat and Sarah Sharpe will unquestionably be two of the best Mills athletes in high school.
Hope it works out this time
why do I have to have class tomorrow
Got ya girlfriend wetter than a fountain
Only four more days of hearing these girl constantly gossip.
Let's go USA this would make my night
Messi can have it whenever he likes.
it's ok d Howard can do it all by himself I guess
When I thought this show couldn't get any more ratchet...in walks Ashley smh
Went to the mall to shop than spent 45 minutes with a bulldog
way to go!!
Watching one of your best friends get treated like shit by their boyfriend\/girlfriend really sucks.
LMAOOOOOOO SON NEVER MY NIGGA! I can't believe the shit I just FOUND OUTTTT BOYY!
Colby be having selfies for days.... always spamming
I can see Kofi, Rollins, or Ambrose winning this\n\nBut Daniel Bryan won even while he was jobbing, so even Ziggler has a chance lol
ew why must there be horror film commercials
Nordstrom has a sale on Gucci shoes fuck me
I'm just sittin in the studio trying to get to you baby
.we banned fireworks, large sodas and ferrets in New York City, you think we can't ban games?
Bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh they ass is out this worldddddddd
I wish I could just reply back to people who are stupid on yelp LOL
When you get goodnight\/goodmornin txt msgs &gt;&gt;&gt; oh wait that's right I never get em.
feel like having tons of followers and getting favs \/ RTs on anything you post would get boring \/ take the fun out of it
I mean when all the moms get drunk and we have a huge dance party is cool
Wow I almost cried my phone dead fell hard
Who the hell drove my car home lmfao!
niggas was not tryna do all this extra shit early in the morning
He stepped down,\ntrying not to look long at her,\nas if she were the sun, yet\nhe saw her like the sun \neven without looking. \n\n
Can't break me even if you tried
Some girls will literally do anything to get a guy they want even if it means ruining a relationship
theyre annoying as hell in fact it kinna struck a little bell in fact i like to keep my little shell in tact
Can't wait til all the \"hockey fans\" don't see this kid on the ice next season and wonder why
I keep having the urge to watch Spider-Man 2 I don't understand why
Excited to talk about at kick starter at
Linda getting tattooed makes me want one.
WHO WOKE ME UP IF WE HAVENT EVEN LEFT YET!
THERE WAS A BIG ASS SPIDER CRAWLING UP MY ARM OH MY GOD I HAVE NO FAITH IN THIS WORLD ANYMORE HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN FML
whatever you're the piece of shit that's still obsessed with their ex
Sassy, defensive Andi is coming out now. Poor decisions will be made now
Do we gotta say goodbye for the summer?
Bruce Jenner looks like a mix between carrot top and a lesbian
I Love You!!! Okay but i could never tell you.... :\/.&lt;\\3
I thought I blocked that fat bitch\nThe joke is over go sit yo catfish ass down\nITS OVER FATTY
OH MYYYY GAWD
but I never told you what I should've said, no I never told you I just held it in
1st taping in NYC exceeded expectations.Crazy crowd and they taped two really fun episodes I can't wait to see on TV.
Someone sit on my tailgate with me
Somehow,thanks to very kind people I received 3 SPG referrals-thank you guys!! Feels really special when not pimped and this happens.
Swapped out trailers in Watsonville, now time for some grub.
I can't tell which is worse, the fact that everyone at work now calls me Vampire or the fact that I actually respond to it
First day at Krispy Kreme in 7 1\/2 hours yaaaaaaas.
I will not be the 1st intern to pass out I will not be the 1st intern to pass out I will not be the 1st intern to pass out
\": fuck that song its gay\"you ever just thought mayb ur the gay one?
Keep Openin' ya Circle so big &amp; you'll nevah Win.
It still hasn't hit me that after tomorrow we no longer go to BBP
There should be a law against people saying you look like Silent Bob.
THATS HOW YOU START!!!! USA USA.
My mom always has to pull some of her bullshit
People are actually at apple bees this morning wtf
Roller Coaster by Luke Bryan is by far my new favorite song
Crowds r we the beats are not.
take me back to last night
Te toy llamando cojelo please
I live in my bathing suit in the summer
\": So where does pop land in the greatest coach's conversation?\" Him n Phil Jackson 1 n 1a
I wanna watch dragon ball z and eat sushi but
Beach today for sure so nice out
Netherlands i'm putting my bet on you\nwhats happening
do i even study for the bio exam....
It's official: I will be at vidcon looking like a zombie with acne.
I love that vic claims she's on a diet and came into work yesterday eating a donut
GoodNight Mentions For A For A (Everyone Is Welcome)(Hot Girls Welcome)(NYC Girls Welcome And Philly)...
I do not want to live in rainbow land and you..can't.. MAKE ME LIVE IN RAINBOW LAND! This is America!!
Fucccck yeah !
You might ass well just be his side bitch
WHATS THE NEW WEBHEADS CALLED? ITS ON BUT I CANT WATCH IT WHATS IT CALLED?
I like people better and respect them more when they don't constantly talk or brag about themselves.
In desperate need of some target in my life
grad party season is depleting my gas tank by 352%
For those who don't believe me (Jewels) I'm a county champ
Bitch your captions make no sense!!
Is Dave Galpern at rutgers rn
*jerry seinfeld voice* whats the deal with trees
Ronaldo's a pussy
Only I can live my life
Richard Dreyfuss in WHAT ABOUT BOB is a masterclass in playing the straight man in a comedy. \"Talk about....weird...\"
Someone just growled at me.
There's nothing to eat in this house
I FEEL SO PATRIOTIC RIGHT NOW!!!!! SPORTS!
Insanity has my ass feeling some type of way
Whenever my dad says he's leaving my grandma she fake cries and then laughs after he says he'll stay.
Even with my backlight almost completely down .. My screen still appears bright af .. I miss my privacy screen protector
Someone comeover and watch family guy with me.
Shit, I gotta be up at 6 why tf am I up
Not having a guy best friend sucks booty hole
You make me wanna hurl my phone at my damn ceiling fan.
\"Just don't ever call me Daddy\" ya dw..: that will not be a problem
Finishing the last 2 episodes of OITNB. I don't want it to end yet.
I'll say that any day but it holds more resonance today. Mad or na?
Got the homies on bored an potential spots, so the next step is goin an checkin em out
So ecstatic that I don't have to work today that's all
Nobody lemonade is better than my grandmoms!!!
Dey say dey love u but it all b fake..
Like you can dunk a basketball, but you can't do algebra?
I literally have no friends. lol.
Hey the car needs to be on to put it in gear.
Dropping everything I'm doing at 12 and watching the game wherever I am.
U tell me we got distant but u didn't answer my text, okay than.
Lets gooo huge save for Navas
Thought niggas was takin pictures outside my backdoor but its thunder
I'm Hitting that time of the night when my emotions begin to flood.
All I think about is this 3 week vacation I'm about to take
I love short women , no shaqs for me lol im only 6 feet
Neal trade could be another casualty of the $69 million cap ceiling
Just rolled an L, now to smoke it? Or not to smoke it is the ?
Humans have so much hate for each other.
Yonkers too calm. I love that shit RT : definitely moving to yonkers after college dog. i need the calm life
Hopefully theres no morning traffic even tho there probably will be
The power went out we were delayed 4 hours bc rain and some french guy is really sick
I made my first gay mens chorus BFF today
Just ate a chicken sandwich, some frito nachos and some chocolate cake&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
\"One has the impression of entering into an ecology of souls that lies beyond the portals of what we naively call death.\"
But I know I'll stay.. Can't ever get away
The fact that \"milk\" is probably one of the easiest items to substitute in an omnivorous diet, yet many do not choose to, really confuses me
Like can someone take me to meet these two men?!
First of all y am i at spectrum anyway
That's all it really takes for me to be interested...
My mom just asked me if I slut myself out for beer... NO... Ok yes
Well I feel that way at least.
2nd Moral of the story: Do not get caught with DBS (Dumb Broad Syndrome) ... Trying to be out here doing the most.
Why do you have to be so cute
Determined to watch the last 9 episodes of breaking bad before i leave tomorrow
Holy... fuck... it's... it's... raining... *runs outside in just his tshirt and boxers and just sits in the rain letting it soak him*
There are no legit taco places in great neck... who do I talk to about this?
V is mean for not sliding her cousin's number :\/\/ so selfish
Not trying to be home tonight or tomorrow or Sunday
The beautiful thing about summer is its okay to wake up @ 2 in the afternoon &amp; your day isnt wasted cuz you've got all night
Idk even now what I'm going to do for tomorrow I hate do much how can't do anything for myself.
Why tf does my twitter just randomly follow people
Too many niggas, not enough hoes.
Fuckkng Dempsey you're brilliant
I've decided everyone is crazy.
His nose though...
Nobody is forever cause one day someone is gonna get tired of you &amp; leave you .
Besides watching Labron i dont know who the rest of the players are
You give me reasons to hate you more and more everyday
i either love people.. or hate people, there really isnt any in between with me
Can I fall asleep listening to Calvin Harris next to you?
I've been going to the movies a lot recently lol no wonder I'm always broke
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
Aaron Shapiro: when writing about vets\/VA, you have to think about the two systems--healthcare and benefits administration
family party yet I don't know anyone
I can feel us growing apart
I always put either too little or too much salad dressing
why am I having anxiety at this hour
Wantagh pkwy literally scares the shit out of me
ok i'm getting dizzy i need to eat and then write stuff
If anyone is interested in nannying dm or text me, I know a family in west portal looking for a long-term nanny with a car
I came home ready to eat my entire fridge bro, im done
I want to cry. I wish turtle was here.
Thank god its over time to take a nap
Today was also the day I left wichita a year ago and started Marine Corps bootcamp the next day
Idk why you dumb ass heat fans acting surprise like the heat was suppose to win the spurs a better team you stupid bitches lol
Been completely exhausted the past three days and we haven't even started a full day yet smh
First gear is a bitch doe
Soo white tv stars have a big black guy as a security. Rob and big black. Macmiller and big dave. Etc
gay ass soccer is fucking up my daily routine of waking up and watching sportscenter
Guess who can wake- board now..... THIS GUY!!!!!!! :)
but you didn't know I was already broken.
Women are philanthropists, not socialites
I need nicotine so badly but I truly don't want to buy a pack of cigarettes fuck I'm buggin
In a perfect world our 4th of July gift would be we get green\/phaneuf\/or big buff for bailey and a pick\/prospect!! But that won't happen :(
Two years ago... there were special nights.
Do not talk to me this early in the morning!
Usa first blood!
Fun fact I haven't slept in 24 hours
When you feel like you recognize ppl but then again it'll be awkward if you're wrong lol &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
if you love me you'll go see 22 jump street with me
Really don't care if I don't do anything at all..
Better wake up to atleast 6 tinder matches swiped too hard tonight
Watching the it's hard to believe my draft year was 12 years ago
Meditated today and felt like I came out into a whole different world!
I guess trusting you was a bad decision
3 hours later and I still have a hand print on my leg
my cat has the hiccups. ADORABLE
Aching all over but still walking ok. the worst pain is my fingers\/hands
Da fuk wrong wit y'all white people
\"Yes I'm fragile, wish I would of known\"
Why didn't anyone warn me it was Kick Peter's Ass Day? I would've skipped the gym had I known... :\/
We're just friends but boy I do love you
Chemistry regents today please God let this be easy
No matter what time my kid goes to sleep hes always up at 7 am bright and early
Wtf do I do with my life now.....
maybe because you're just as crazy as i am
Carvalho over Khedira or Gustavo, don't even @ me lol
Le sumi la para al carro cuando se venia arcercando, la muerte en caravana venia por mi, consentrado en el volante los perdi por un instante
When I'm with Kathleen I feel black. Like black black. Dark skinned black lol
My drumcorps season starts tomorrow. Im about to shit my pants.
Best part of raw last night,you just knew Stephanie was gonna get it...
I just wanna go to sleep
The boos to the commissioner i very well deserved!!! BOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Ok I think I'm gonna like this no shirts thing this summer
if u give me a weird vibe i do not have to tell u
I honestly love timmy howard
se sentia tan bien, que sentia que era afortunada de amarlo...
This is some good soccer
Taking the final exam for ethics online summer course.
To high for my own thoughts
I don't understand how some typed words could upset you.
WHO DAT, WHO DAT I.G.G.Y. Now that I've gotten that awful song stuck in your head, enjoy the rest of your day!
I MOVE IN AUG 13 yayayay my excitement is real.
I just wanna scratch my knee but i cant fucking feel it !
End of 4, SC Homestead 3, Los Altos 1
Ugh I think I've seen this episode of Bobby's Brunch
Why is this sushi restaurant blasting rap god wtf is happening
Just saw 2 guys stealing an ATM machine. I'd take a pic but don't wanna get killed. Haha damn
No one really understands how bad my insomnia actually is.
How is that not a high kick..?? wtf Ghana
Waiting till august to cut my hair is gonna be a torture process
my mom actually misses me cause I'm never home
I keep my nephew up with me so have someone to talk to
Nathan's just donated 100,000 hot dogs to the New York food bank via giant check
let's have sex to richard marx's new album
was the better team today, no matter what happens now
Why are they making aweful remakes off decent movies. I just saw Robocop, it used the great cast for name only, all characters one dimension
Somebody on my time line growing........ awww
Girl what you doin a little later on
Man, I miss already. Cafeteria tried to serve red-beans-and-rice today and I just laughed.
WOWOWOWOOWOWOWOWOWOW HOLYY SBITT WHAHAT A SHOT
This girl just turfs comparing Clifford to courage the cowardly dog l m a o
I don't understand why people call me 'Mack'. I don't even have an 'A' in my name.
Oh boy cant wait to watch espns 24 hour coverage on how this loss affects lebrons legacy
Bruh 30 seconds
Had coffee at 10:45...oops, I'm not sleeping tonight..
I hope what Carter got me is as cool as he's making it sound
TIGUERE EH QUE SE BUKA ! NO TE AGAAAA
As it is written, \"For The LORD will do nothing unless He reveals His secret to His servants the prophets.\"
I'm really tired but I know I won't be sleeping anytime soon
I can't believe I'm getting shit for something you fucking did. Fucking unbelievable dude.
Please tell me the motif for this season is Mesoamerican mythology
Honestly fuck you you ruin everything get out of my life
Wowwwww!!!! THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!
Why is my uncle being werid
Dear pizza, I'm ready for you. Love, stomach.
Luke Bryan pandora on this lovely 4th
I hate the Divas. End this match already!\n
get all these shitty ass 7th grade songs off my phone I can't my ears bleed when they come on shuffle why don't they delete
I usually don't get upset off this kind of bullshit but it's upsetting how dramatic you made it seem
I just wanna go back to bed....
Hahaha excuse my last tweet
Y lo hize sin darme cuenta. Soy muy despistado aparte que andaba hambriento.
I'm extremely tempted to feel bad for myself. How silly.
My dream last night included turtle from entourage, walter white, and darrell from walking dead. Were all good pals now
We can turn this into somethin
I get so used to going to bed with my baby that once I get home its like ugh back to hugging a teddy bear
\": Getting rid of all this stuff every few months, makes me feel like I wasted so much money.\"
Your to awesome to be crying
All I Want by Kodaline is a beautiful song.
I met Jesse cannon the other night at the lanes and I fan girled a lil bit
Is Hacksaw Jim Duggan at this game? Loudest USA chant I've heard since... ever?
Of course I'm of legal age to drink on 4th of July and I'm off and it's raining!!!!!!!!!!!
If I retweeted everything I agreed with from all those quote account twitters I'd looks thirsty af
Amazing diving play by Logan Forsythe! He got a great jump on the ball.
You're not quite satan but I really think I hate you
But he gives more grace. Therefore it says, \"God opposes the proud, but gives grace to the humble.\" - James 4 \/\/ even in my pride, Grace.
\"I ain't here to be friends... I don't care I'd you.like me I ain't here to pre-tend\"
I miss the feeling I had when Nash followed me...it was such a rush and I couldn't breathe...I was just so happy
I see more flops in a game than in a game lol. Go
Shawty Got Potential I Could Be Her Sponsor!
Im tired of feeling like nothing ever works out for me.....im trying to stay positive and all but ahhhhh I cant deal with this stress
For Tonight's X clusive Party. DM only
Up to me , Capoeira is the most Beautiful Dance ever...
Sometimes I regret that we ever had a thing. Our friendship was more valuable now look at us.
Las bailadas van a ser.....Samba contra la Cumbia......me gusta la Samba.......
Lol Kermit the Frog is everywhere now
Tryna do big things and lease a boat
A fucking bug just flew in my mouth.
\"Let's speak in Morse code from here on out. Shit will get interesting.\"
Varsity awards: 0 World Cup in frims room: 1
K we got one fagit who slid in already
Second guessing is never a good sign
i need a friggin' job im so bored w my life
\"I got boobs once you moved here\" ya I have that effect on people
\": yeaah,my family and I went to the San mateo carnival fair thingy and went to downtown.\"same
30 seconds in let's gooooooo!
I couldn't be famous I swear
Faaak I gotta be up early tomorrow but ya know this twitta thing is a huge distraction
I used to love runts but I'm realizing now they're actually a really crappy candy
Its so god damn muggy out
I hate to say I need you\nI'm so reliant, I'm so dependent, I'm such a fool
Release me now cause I did my time of this cold case love
Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways
a porque yo salgo a la calle a festejar si ganamos ajajajaja
Seems like they got cuter since I've been gone
So many fruit cups in NYC ...
let me wear ur flannel and beanie &amp; i will most likely marry you
asked why she's laughing then she said \"That's a good joke but I don't believe you cause I never see you with a guy and you're always home\"
ur camouflage hat is super appealing bro!!!
Hold up, heat that was so dumb hahahaha laughing so much right now hahaha
Quedo re pilla la de son ap, lora.
Goal messi !!
Welp, at least I never have to watch The Ice Storm again
Charlie killed the evil guy yayayayay
It's so weird to me when I see a suuupeer curly haired Colombian.
I remember me and Vanessa texted gio saying we were josh Jones and gio called him a ugly gorilla
That's the thing about pain, it demands to be felt.
Getting hurt in the end is my biggest fear nowadays
Gah. Screw eating out, I didn't want that money anymore anyway. but oh man was my food amazing.
Nobody is in the saint Francis area oh well
My parents get sad when we talk about Texas and I'm sad to because I'll miss zaira but I'm honestly excited for her! I want her to be happy.
I JUST CAUGHT A 13 YR OLD CHUBBY ASS FUCKBOY STARING AT MY NIPPLES
I cannot get my life together this morning
What's more annoying than watching the game with people that know nothing about soccer? Nothing
only gel my hair when I work out 4 real
Allyson and I have been thinking about in n out all day.
I feel like retweeting a bunch of random shit to express who I am
Well let's see how this goes..
Get back out there Clint
I'm still gonna buy me a Melo Christmas Jersey even if he leaves the Knicks... idc and whatever team he goes on I'll get another one for
Cocaine seriously saved my life. Thank you drugs
Was about to flip off this car for cutting me off, but then I saw that it was a ... I ain't even mad
I can only image the parents or at least the father's
Neymar tiene algo, aLGO de lindo, pero ustedes son re enamoradas papi ven y dame hijos, ew,
I'm dropping out of this run challenge
My moms sad because I don't want kids, lol I'd rather have pets.
Ok let me be mature about this lololol
Justin Bieber got peach fuzz now
Tbt when I used to see Chris rocks bum ass lingering starbucks on his iPad every Sunday
Just killed that run.
The have shifted their focus from LeBron James to Carmelo Anthony.
I Honestly Love helping teenagers with their problems Because God has called me to spread his word, help them what their going through .
Damn you SCOTUS for making college prank where we called our internship bosses and said we were out sick with \"a case of abortion\" NOT FUNNY
I want tomorrow to be over already
Whens the next pretty nasty cookout
BOW WOW 4th of July Topic:Tips\/?? on fireworks &amp; other summer hazards to keep our pets safe.
Kanye is always wearing the same colored jeans wtf
Wanna try to take a picture of your face and not of your boobs?
!!!hoy beremos a ritmo de ballenato y cumbia a Colombia ganando a Brasil
Wish I was born in the 80's. Life was easier back then.
Finished my chapstick for the first time EVER!! You know how hard it is not to lose those before you're done with them?!
remind me to stay off twitter until the games over
Certain guys make my heart sink into my stomach and it's not good at all.
It's always a joke till someone get serious and someone's always gonna get serious that's just how it goes
Best night, roof-topping with who I haven't seen in almost 4 years! Always a laugh with you dear!!
If the Heat have any hopes in coming back, they can't play shitty D.
I automatically assume my IT guy can fix anything- watches, shoes, hurt feelings...
What stifles your creativity? What ignites it?
everytime I have a notification it's max siesser requesting to follow me
Yooo fuck this tractor that keeps passing my house
Way to many things are on my mind
AP Scores pls grace me with thy presence
Who who who are you again?!?
Surprising natty with taking her to the Giants game on Sunday and she'll be close to posey! Right by home plate &amp; 1st base !
\": okay?\" okay
So and i just ran through these two faggots 6 games in a row lost one and won 2 more. Lol.
I can see that I'm useless in every aspect.
So much plaid in improv
So you can favorite my tweet but not text me back... Okay
If that's not radioactive testing idk what
Being married is gonna be so cool. Like you get to come to your best friend &amp; just do life together. How awesome is that?
This is to early
Bud heavys, only acceptable drink on our countries birthday
Now this is a game!
i hate being awake at this time because all my friends fall asleep so early
Am I allowed to hate someone for liking my bf's picture on Instagram? Haha yes :)
I think I'm gunna sleep in mosiahs room tn bc my bed has junk on it
I fucking love the internet!
I am so getting \"Property Of Nash Grier\" sweatshirt. makes me blushhhhh
\"the subway always reminds me of the matrix\" -drew
Would rather live in hell with my friends than live in heaven by myself
Color my life with the chaos of trouble.
Golazo de Dempsey!
looks so much better than Planet of the Apes.
we're not broken just bent\nAnd we can learn to love again..
I wanna play a show. Now.
People are going to judge me for tweeting about soccer today... The Beautiful Game &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 4th of July
I want to know my sat bio score omg
Summer is here!!!
USA GOAL BY
How Do People Talk Like This It's Annoying As Fuck
Ughhhh here we go...
Don't ask me for subway directions and then tell me you can't read the map next to me. It's for nonsense.
We ask 18 year olds to make huge decisions about their career and financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the Bathroom..
Find a diamond keep it for yourself. Keep it shinny, so every time you look at it, you remember what made you pick it up in the first place.
jacoby ellsbury has been on the yankees since 1996
Where do I find a boss that picks me up to buy me two Hermes bags
Many causes of and many unknowns. Let's be proactive about minimizing known risks as much as possible-toxins.
Asimina just told me people often outlive execution
Wow I really hate being ignored
You square mothafuckas can't fuck with my crew
Is Bill Murray lonely, or does he just get it? Either way, I'd love to make a film with him.
Man and woman on BART sultrily talking about relational databases to one another. Steamy!
Big Pun x Yankees \n\nDoesn't get more Bronx than that! \n\n
Foster city is such a beautiful place :-)
Y que esperan para sacar un anime de hnr
I wish things didn't fuck up in Iraq that now my friend is being sent over soon. My feeling is really messed up now.
Quote of the morning: \"I can land a rover on Mars, but I can't open this bag.\"
It really sucks when you give everything and its still not enough.
I've just accepted it.. And am moving on
\": I look at my best friend and think: Why the fuck do I love this retard?\" ASK Alex
I also wanna chill with Gucci mane one day
Here's to my 12 hour day of watching three rambunctious kids. Help me.
...but I'm not gay
Mr.Moseby always has a fresh hair cut I'm every episode... Respect
the baby looked over my right shoulder and smiled...there was no one there. i got scared.
Can I say Goooaaaalllll too??
We're off today ENJOYING the holiday.. are your 4th plans?
Gonna get on a set schedule everyday $, gym, sleep, repeat
I can't drive 50mph ... This donut life ain't for me ... Smh
say something i'm giving up on you.
Clip so long I can lean on it
White and black living room or bedroom ?
Another one who implied I was saying you can vote on --&gt;
music taste is a deal breaker man
\": America can suck my dick tbh, this country is only good for the burgers\"lmfaoo
\"My, philosophy is, basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don't, ever, for any...
Its not about people thinking your a legend or calling u a legend. If YOU know your a legend? Then fuck what EVERYBODY else thinks and says.
Watching Bates Motel at 12:40am in my pitch black room isn't the best idea in hindsight.
The woods rn. Insane. Meat market of ALL NEW FACES. FELICIA GONNA LOSE HER UNDIES
Girls be like: I want a guy who's tall, jacked, nice smile, perfect eyes an hair, athletic, and accepts me as I am...
That's freak'n crazy
thinking about that i have to go back to sarasota makes me wanna throw up
todo por nada de un canta author anonimo means don't talk black talk white
.went and got himself a cactus, so of course we immediately named it and made it a twitter account. Meet, , everyone!
Niggas posting pics of money but really be broke ?? Nun of my business doee
I'd contemplate doing scary things in order to get my dunkin tbh
El Viernes y el sabado fueron los peores dias ahi me arruine, nunca mas
I have so much to do :((((
I just write to free my soul
Goal goal USA USA
Happy thoughts who wants to go get a pedicure with me?
I think I might've inhaled you
Never stressing over shit just know I don't fuck with you no more
The heat COULD catch up ... man up LeBron
Some old guy in the store saw me with the twins and asked if I was \"carrying twins again\"
Coincidence both and wrote masterpieces in 2014? Nope...there are no coincidences
MY TUMBLR FROM THREE YEARS AGO IS LITTLEWAYNEHOWTOLOVE IM DYING WTF WAS WRONG W ME
I'm in desperate need of a vacation...BAD
Nah I got my own lemonade.. Put some water in a cup, pour some powder and mix!! LOL
LeBron can't win it all by himself
WE ARE THE USA
I picked that shit up real quick yah feel me?
\"It's a blessing and a curse to feel everything so very deeply\"
Waiting to see who my will be.
Jones you dirty boy
Like him or hate him I always like to watch HHH speak.
Really do not feel compatible with anyone at all....lol. What am I missing
Not ONE, not TWO, not.... Nah, we will keep it there. LOL breakup the \"Heatles\"... Oh &amp; any &amp; all Jordan debates too. 6-0 vs 2-3 nuff said!
Keeping my fingers crossed for these wedding venues
Hold me close, swaay me more
Bad judgement starting 4th of july festivities last night
Por favor someone wanna bring me the holy grail aka medium ice coffee w skim milk
This breeze is beautiful
Still can't believe they messed up my name! Like seriously. It's not hard.
Or Corbin Bleu \/ Waka Flocka Flame LOL
Y si tomas no seas mesquino y convida
I fucking love Poussey so much oh my god
Being sad all the time just sucks.
Congrats 2014 champs : 3, 2. I'd love it if scheduled or someday.
Don't ever hit my phone again bish
Phil is working on a master plan here. He is in no way done yet.
i'm gonna make an app called haircut calculator where you take a picture of your hair and it tells you if you need a haircut
Tryna carpool to church tomorrow
Oceanside got me like..... I need to get out
If someone's first action is a lie, what's to make you think that anything they're doing afterward is going to be the truth?
Happy 4th of July! Enjoy your booze, food and good company!
OMGGGG THEY SELL THE LITTLE PULP FICTION KANGAROOOO LMAOOO YOOO
if you don't answer my snaps you're fake
Some put it on my tab type shit.
I'm probably over reacting but I just like to know you're okay.
I have officially come to the conclusion that. Jacob Whitesides follow is freaking impossible..
Don't choose the better guy, choose the guy who will make you a better girl
People who tweet for retweets and favorites&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
All these other niggas wack tell you str8 like that
Looking at another couple and saying \"I wish I had a relationship like there's\" isn't ok.
I got two rules. Stay away from my Percocets and do ya have any Percocet
i seriously dislike you so much
On 4th of July every year, the Queen of England holds a private ceremony during which she grants the USA a further year of independence.
It's a hundred and three between her and me, and only ninety-two in Daytona.
I gotta lotta living before I die, so I ain't got time to waste!
Does anyone else remember how much trouble we all got into in middle school for \"Kick A Ginger Day\"?
I never know what I want to eat.
finna knock some thangs out n then head over to ' event at Boom Boom Room latr tonite..
So am I turning up in Bay Shore or Commack tonight, like what's the wave ? Skrrt Skrrt
Where can I black out tonight
My mom dropped Djokovic in our conversation from Greece today. Ok. .0
I like having my phone blown up
Ayye I already Have Eds new Album X for the freeee!
I am so thankful for Customer Service at 4:30am!
Home spa time, with candles!
Have Galaxy S4. Tends to drop emails on its own...intermittently...also mobile data button dusconnects me from web on its own. Suggestions?
My feet are in a constant state of being dirty
Out of all the bars out here I only got carded once, is that a bad thing?
\"What if my breaks went out and I put a parachute through the sunroof\"
Pills N Potions - Nicki Minaj &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Errybody in the club gettin tipsy
Ooohh what a feelin' every time you come around my body free fallin' ohhhhh what a feelin' anytime you not around, me hear your body callin'
from the fans for !
Fuck , good thing i left my new superflys before i left the house.
Shit I used to drink hella of them when I was 19 ,dumb fuckkk lmao
Costa Rica should just try to sneak another man on the field, what's the worst that could happen?
Been chasing this fool around, thinking he gonna hold me down.
STRFKR, Grouplove, and Portugal the Man in September YASSSSSS
Literally the one freaking second I get up they score a goal
Chloe and Julian are going to reunite. Chloe is going to die when she's caught in the middle but she will be loyal to Julian...
Happy 4th - thanks for following!
Dude just leave me alone and get outta my liiiife hahahaha
You always know my dads in a good mood when he watches max eat and says crunch crunch crunchh puppy....
\"they'll thank me when they're 25 and have the best \"
Reply to should be the happiest person on Earth.
Laundry is 100 x more tedious in
Just kidding. Gentlemans guide rush was SOLD OUT. KILL ME
Some things are just better left unsaid.
brown jesus shows make you literally look like Jesus
I just got a billion dollar idea. Imma sleep on it.
Watchin' . Got me wonderin' which of you is real. Pls send evidence.
I'll pay Someone to come over and clean my room.
I am going to try to leave work at 6pm for the next 4 days.
You a lie if you say you NEVER got curved.
\": Final: Blue Jays 8, 3.\" We suck
Great...now this rain will keep me up too.
the bachelorette has made my mondays so much bette
My grandma has been telling me to take a bath since I woke up 15 min ago is she implying something orrrrr
Kevin Kolb is the man. If you get arrested for anything when you're famous it should be what he did. Driving your boat drunk
NBA bloggers are the Elite Security of the internet
All those Domingo's that I didn't receive haha
about to watch the entire season 2 of OITNB right meow
When I drink my only fear is throwing up, the rest is for the birds ma nigga
This Islamic extremist was really on the ave selling $20. I told him to come correct. Amazon sell the same book for $2.75 plus free shipping
On The Lord Araki himself watch Kars come back as the antagonist in some later part, not like Araki doesn't do shit like this ALL the time
I listen to 'Of Monsters and Men' probably 4-5 nights out of the week to help me fall asleep.
I should be studying for my Organic Chemistry final tomorrow morning. But I'm playing Thief instead.
.Yeah, \"they were real sympathetic to redskins in them days\" Is that your point?
All news stations pretty much lie but fox my goodness. It's beyond and the personal bias is blatantly obvious.
Ghana got to chill... They tryna kill niggas lmaoo
Ya shawty shouldnt be talking to other niggas when u not giving her attention but u dont give another nigga the chance to give her attention
Are you a fan of HANNAH (HANNER) HARRIS?
Teddy Roosevelt in the crowd
I didn't know the were coming on today lol well I know I'll see it replayed on over and over and over
Ahhhh I'm closing Riverhead on Monday :D I'm pretty happy about that
Mamiss ko tay \"Cess, aldawen. Maladaw ka?\" Nga pukkaw ji mommy habang agsibsibog.
my grandma saw her first cake pop yesterday and has been telling me how good \"lollipop cakes\" are all day
These hoes get drunk to feel better about suckinn dickkk fact..
Imma throw on a hoodie and just bum it out
Hopefully tomorrow I'm gonna go get bleach, developer &amp; teal hair dye. Woot c:
45 ur nice and we don't talk
Y'all taking your dads out cuz u have too
Replaced my addiction with
Every single player for Costa Rica looks dead on their feet. Completely exhausted.
\nIf you love someone let them go\nIf they comeback you better DUCK REAL LOW
it bothers me when people only hit you up when they need a favor ; like how about you do me a favor and suck this Dick
i wanta go home got blunts and food waiting on me
\": Lmao these memes are too much.\"
Are there any dominicans left in the planet
\": Pharrell having a hard time with that button lmao.\"
Just watched the Chris Rock monologue. Still one of the greatest
Fuck my summer has been disappointing so far.
It's strange waking up in someone else's house.
oh no, I'm drunk at forever 21 and they're actually playing music I like. ABORT, ABORT!!!!
I forgot about about the fosters..
I find it extremely upsetting that justin bieber is followed on twitter by like 1\/6 of the U.S. population
Anyone out there selling space jams DS size 12 in men's??????
Getting things for free is always welcomed in my book
I love the movie playing for keeps
Tune in to BET if you want to see All the La Thots.
The abuela is stupid oh my fuck
My hair is way too blonde. How the hell did it get so light...
Grown niggas be sharing rooms with they little sisters
I mean ... I guess
Incredible kick by Ronaldo!
FUCK 95% of you. Don't support my shit.
Use google.. might help \": I need directions to a shop where i can get an ice-cream &amp; popcorn machine in abuja. Address somebor
Shopping with grandma and grandpa &gt;;
Got lost inside Yankee stadium 4 times so far
Watching Super Hero Movies Makes Me Think Of The Annoying Comments Mark Would Make About How It's Not Like The Comic.
The Penn State 2014 football video would be 1000x better if AC\/DC was playing
Looks like the kings getting dethroned tonight
All they care about is the petty drama with friends and getting with guys.
\": Just gonna eat some pizza and listen to The Weeknd :(\" Rft
Twitter \": Who don't like dark skin honeys RT : YO MOMMA dark skinned too, nigga. Shut up.\"
Negative emotions aren't attached to us permanently like eye color or hair color. They are learned behaviors which means they're relearnable
Sitting in my room burning Oreos. No energy to do anything
Ok let me try again, time for new Diva's champ?
The captain is back
People need to say something nice for once
now watching last nites Episoid
Just made a PB&amp;J, that hit the spot
It's bit even 8 yet and it feels like I have been up all day.
There is no better feeling then TRULY falling in love with someone. Well aside from getting $10million dollars but still. . . It's 2nd.
Realize everything you have, not what you don't, that's what makes your day
WHY DID MY PHONE JUST SAY NO SIM CARD INSTALLED
Bleaching my hair, drinking some chocolate milk, the fuck going on
Only the person im talking to gets to see my soft side , ima thug
Smoking a blunt while getting your puss ate..... yaasssss
All jokes aside who told Rasheeda she could rap ?
This is killing me. Intense.
What in the fucking world
someone text me tomorrow reminding me that I purchased a lava lamp. Just do it
Thank you Father God for this opportunity, always at the last minute, but I knew it was coming this time! lol \/7
in the mood to listen to sad songs for 29 days
rih is gonna be at the awards so you know im watching.
Anything going on tonight? Nope! Fine I'm going back to bed
If you've never had a berry smoothie from Costco what are you even doing with your life?
Wtf why is there a new app on following kim k and her life...thy need to be making apps on how to read your books
All the talk about this meeks guy from Stockton is fucking ridiculous!! The guy is a freaking criminal, wake the up people!!
If he's the middle man who's on the other side?
The smartest boyfriend quote of the night: \"Vegan doesn't mean it can't be chicken honey!!!\"
Chicken cutlet and tomato slices &gt;&gt;&gt;
Great WOD tonight: added 15lbs to my power snatch 1RM and hit my first series of strict chest-to-bar pull-ups.
when the weebs @ my shook try to talk to me you can see how uncomfortable i get
I'm hella mad I sent a message that was only like halfway done
If they're for peace, why is there war?
Where has Jany been all my life!?
sa voix elle est trop sex motherfuckkaaaaa
I saw jhene. Idc about the awards no more.
It actually really pisses me off
Sometimes I prefer calls over texts and snapchats and all of that
To the dumb fucks working on the 135 quit watering fucking plants and fix the road already
Me: \"how many chicken breasts should I cook?\"\nMy mom: \"my eyes have been itchy all day and my head hurts.\"\nMe: \"so.... How many then?\"
I just found left over sour gummy worms from last nights munchies I'm so happy
Let em walk
oooooooh killll em
it's like a week into summer and my hair is so light and I'm really tan
when they say theres a prize in every box, they're not talking about women or are they?
Picking up this new job application tomorrow. I been slacking,
Every time DMX says X in a song I pretend he's saying will
I'm so addicted to all the things you do in between the sheets
I want to sleeep alllll day tomorrow
Oh shit. I'm tweeting during a World Cup game. I'll just delete everything and tweet it again once Americans stop pretending to like soccer.
Aaaah casi llegamos a la competencia de hotdogs!!
my tweets are irritating you? Then unfollow me. That simple bruh
Yelling all my life problems to the trucks stuck with me in traffic
Evie \"I need some one to make me a sandwich. A nice sandwich\"
at legionnaire surrounded by 40 pandora employees all under 30
Vamos, Pulga! Vamos, Argentina!
\"Have your way Jesus.. There's no one like you, no one like you..\"
I've recognized many places today from playing Spider-Man and Tony Hawk video games a decade ago based in NYC hahahahahaha
Lmaooo I hate when I answer someone and i forget i did, then I look back and I wrote something dumb like \"cool beans\"
Two words....Tim howard
The sky looks so serious rn
Im not tired so ill beat the ol DICK to make me tired
Why you got to be so rude?
Getting this NY connect fuck it
Waking up and not knowing where everyone went. So now I'm home alone yaaaaay
Danielle sends me nudes so I know it's real :-)
Almost done with first season! So good!
Girls get called crazy for demanding respect these days
You a bad girl and ya friends bad too
Lowkey when was fathers day ?
There's so many songs I wanna learn how to play on the piano ugh
excited for tuesday
This sunburn though &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
HOWARD AGAIN WHAT IS HE ON
I do wonder how we got this far.
(19) Feliciano Lopez def. \nYuichi Sugita 7-6, 7-6, 7-6 in the 1st round of .
Stop animal cruelty. I am sick to my stomach of animals being cruel.
First purchase after becoming single: body pillow
I'm so over being lied to
Ser Alliser, Pyp and Grenn were pointless deaths. Still bothers me.
Anyone wanna go bowling or do something? Bored as hell.
\"Don't you wish was here right now to harass kathleen\" -
Ladies and gentlemen the are your 2014 champs! And that's a *guarentee* Take your talents to the golf course!
Since sex education started in India, incidence of rape have 100 times. Congress is culprit.
For the morning crowd: July Fourth brunch will begin at two pm at my place. DM me for deets.
I think after a while you just learn what to expect from people &amp; when you do just do them like they did you.
Patrick straight up had a conversation back and forth with a dog for like ten minutes, and then he passed the fuck out
What in the world happened at work while I was gone?
That's the blueberries talkin'.
Yo y tf is everyone still sleeping. It's 7am on 4th of July
Yeezy's all on your sofa. These the red Octobers.
And Bitch I said it. Now who gon pop me?
The Bucks just traded for Jason Kidd's coaching rights, but they have Larry Drew under contract. Will Kidd head basketball ops?
I distance myself from people for a reason.
baby let's face ittttt, I'm not into dating
I can face 6 ls all by myself
All my boys choose to have a graduation partty same day as me lol
the lawyer David, did it
Holy SHIT! Less than a minute into this game...GOAL!!!!
Don't give us Solange instead .
I DESERVE PIZZA ON MY DOORSTEP
Jus gonna let it be
I'm high &amp; you're hot &amp; I'm cool. Okay, okay cool dress, I'm impressed. Who are you? Okay, okay that's chill.
Happily landed. Big gloomy skies with distant glimmers of sparkling lightning.
Fuck 4 hours of sleep. Fuck it
Wasn't that long but at least I got to spend time with you
Honestly more people can come just not a lot!
Society is fucken sick.. You left your toddler in a car for 8 hours TO DIE and then said your forgot about him....
Craving for shake shack
Got to leave my shoes on at the airport &amp; the guy in 13B threw me a birthday party with extra snacks from flight attendant = great birthday.
Okay well one home down, let's go USA
why do I always attract the most annoying people wtf.
You work hard enough to deserve opportunities those opportunities are gonna come to you. Create and Live your dream
That was fun while it lasted.
Bruh you'll never catch me on a long board again
I'm gonna be everything I wanna be so I'm gonna be what I wanna be
What's mine is mine. Damn I love what's mine
UGHHHH LET IT BY 9 AM BY NOW
That moment when someone calls an angry orchard an apple orchid. And i quit.
Fran's pooping while I'm napping in her bed
\": i'm christina lol\" i know
I just wanna go home already
\": biggie will always be the best rapper!! Everyone knows that.\"
It's Monday but who wants to get fucked up??
Fuck you to lol.... RT : MANNN FUCK CITY PARK !!!
Seems like people are really just learning the word brunch. It's an early lunch or late breakfast. 6pm is not brunch anymore
Bout to get to real my niggahs is bout to slid thur
Nicole don't like that picture I got tagged in. I have 8 fat rolls
Heck yea cant wait to smoke my vape like a douche during Motionless In White man Warped is gunna SO TIGHT
If Stuart Murdoch sang Matchbox 20's \"If You're Gone\", everyone would freak out at this new Belle &amp; Sebastian jammie.
Growing up in a fundamentalist Christian church I never once heard people getting lambasted for using birth control
it's kind of funny how people stereotype a person based on their grade in high school.
If your not deec at candy land or trouble
Watching play futbol is so much more entertaining on Univision.
Con PYD Justin nos demuestra que \"nos la quiere meter hasta el fondo\". BIEBER!
It's this one dark skin nigga that's winning.... js
I just woke up... Heaven is a place on earth
I'ma fr bouta rob a bank cause I'm that bored
Huyu goalie wa costa rica yuko navas
Every night I cry softly into my pillow because I have neither a sword\/armor combo or magical powers... And also I think my AC is broken.
Observation: The instinctive human behavior of courting and mating is seriously being hindered by the hand held mobile device!
full house and friends are both on shit
Mainly looking forward to Kayla's tweets during teen wolf
So 8:15 woobanger?
Riding the A train where
Crust ain't even out your eyes and my neighbors are setting off fire works OK
I think that you should let it burn
Won't you come over baby i just wanna make up sweet love
I feel so big right now i literally cant sleep! -.-
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJAAJAJAJAJAJJAJAJAJAJA no puedo con estas Mexicanas demasiada picada hasta una foto de mi sacaron *-*
Two issue closes in one week merits two martinis. Maybe three.
My dad fed my guinea pig while I was away. Didn't even have to ask. Whatta guy.
Why the fuck do people talk to me when I have headphones in? Like I play my music really loud on top of that, I don't wanna help you.
Almond Dream ice cream is soooo fucking good
Puede ser 4 o 5 de julio y para mi es lo mismo, porque yo no trabajo, Salgo cuando quiero y a la hora que quiero .. Soy telible :3
Learn how to spell while you're at it. Damn*
I WANT TO CALL THEM BUT IM A WIMP KMFG
There's nothing to do tonight and I'm broke so are we all seeing the problem here
Happy 4th of July to everyone out there. God bless all the men and women who have fought for our country. May we remember. America Fuck Yeah
Apache (aka the black monster by the Taliban) combat videos are unreal. Hoping will be flying one covering my ass someday
Henny con cranberry, im feeling so dirty
Lebron crying again
Weird how my phone dies super slow when I want it to but dies hella fast when I don't.
COMMON IS STILL SO SEXY LOOORD I WILL LICK THE SWEAT OFF OF HIS HEADDDDDD!
SFing for 2.5 hours before I get home.
Bravo to Costa Rica!!! \n\n
why is that pic of jack myers all over twitter!
Look up wish me luck when you see that plane pass in the sky
Dudes be on some homie hoppin shit these days too idgaf what anyone says... Men are hoes too
I want to go on the bachelor solely so I can travel to all these places they go to, and for free !
This lady on the bus just grilled the shit out of me
I feel like listening to - gonna plug that in when I get in the car.
The ball casually just rolls in...
I'm really mad at whoever decided to eat garlic pickles and beer on the bus.
Saw the Fault in Our Stars...well fuck me. The tears are real.
Wow she was so right about everything she said
...that it might stand in the battle...\nIN THE DAY OF THE LORD!!!
it such a nice day
Chicks b4 dicks
Yo anybody wanna join my finger boarding team? Just got my half pipe for my tech deck
The Game of Thrones porn parody doesn't have a midget scene. They really blew it
Beautiful shot from Jones!
I dont like taking selfies but oh well.
RIP pant man. Should have refocused your energy on bow tie tying
No new show?! Comon now
I've never actually made cookies with the cookie dough I tell my mom to get
i just wanna love u (give it to me) - jay z ft pharrell
My Friday night = mac &amp; cheese and Netflix
I had it allll going for me... but then in just a couple shitty ass decisions I threw it all away
*Walks upstairs* \nKurt and Patrish are watching \"True Life: My Boyfriend Wants Me to Lose Weight\"
I was thinking to declare my independence from my job today\nAka quit
haven't even been home yet, still @ family dinnnneeer
My favorite thing about Raw now is that every time Seth Rollins has a match Dean Ambrose comes outta nowhere and kicks the shit outta him
Can't go to bed with negative energy........ I'll just imagine how amazing tomorrow will be :)
I mean, wow
Tbh chase your dream bc nothing's impossible once you put your mind to it.
Do you ever just get so SMADD sometimes?
I just wanna sleep all weekend
I had no idea title fight is playing on Saturday.
Why in the hell can't I add free apps to my App Store wishlist? Why is the App Store just the worst app?
Ki srapel qd g perdu mon pouvoir ? la il va revenir en version 2.0
I wish subtweets for me flashed or some shit so i could know
The winner of the icon contest was ! I need your custom.... ^Bud
that's annoying you're annoying everyone's annoying holy shit
i can kill jackie for dragging me to the mall..
155 we need to hang out again cuz I miss u and ily
So... Cldnt slp last nyt .... Ha! Need to slp
heard Kendell girl bump daddy yankee
Weed is not a priority, not even an option nowadays.
I swear to fuckin god if I was home I'd sock the the fuckin wall.
getting a dirty text when ur family is around u
The better teams will lose today. Columbia and and France will lose
Whats meant to be, will always find it's way .
I woke up at 5
Happy Independence Day!\n*shouts Merica randomly all day
Philip why are you up retweeting things go to bed
Turnt is such a stupid word
Fuck you then
There's a lot of pretty girls around here but their personalities fucking suck
Just cut off one the most talented people we're gonna see perform...
The fire in her eyes is takin over
Passing through Fontana rn and idk how can live here there's literally nothing
I feel like every holiday in America is just a reason for people to drink and they don't even worry about the holiday anymore
A ride to belmar would be great right now
I'm only watching this game bc USA
The young man said to me, \"But its hard to live holy.\" \nI said, \"it can be hard, but you have not yet resisted sin unto bloodshed.\"
When your heart is stuck on somebody it doesn't matter who u try to fuck with u gon always think about them an my heart stuck on my shawwdy
To wear heels tonight or naaaah. Lol is that even a question when am I not in heels bc fabulous
So much shit just fell out of my ass
I thought they were about to say penalty
I DONT HAVE MONEY TO BUY YOUR SINGLE BUT YOU STILL BAE THO
There's that one specific convo I remember having with
Turn up and go to bed
There's a new tonight,
Under 5'4 then you starting off good in my book
Seriously considering walking over to GG Park from home just to get a cone from !
Not ready for a long night of work
Found a pair of new flip flops on my bed so I said aloud NEW FLIPPY FLOPPEHS like the girl that says \"it's so fluffy\" from Despicable Me
if you invite gabby over to sleepover don't expect her till 10:30
Shin is so Asian for having an app to order ahead at Verde Tea Cafe
Jessica has heartburn is she gunna die?! PLZ someone answer SOS.
Netflix is whack \nThe movies I've seen are so wtf hahah
.how do you get a twitter verified account? I'm not famous or a legend like you.
Maybe us isnt taking it the whole way
Yaass bisshh yaaass Nailss donee , ONLY ONE COAT , Cuuz thiss reed is P O P P I N .
I will upload my set pics from my camera later. I pretty much ate nothing today at the set, and I am starving now. Catch you all in a bit!
that was a Mortal Kombat move
\": I wanna go to the movies tonight ..\" next weekend will be better
Thinking about the future gets me excited and sad at the same time
DJ Sassy Jeff and the Fresh Princess
Young and hungry sounds like kind of show
That dream was so amazing why wasn't it real I'm actually so sad about it
Just had a girl turn around because she thoughtt I was
26 hours later and I can see Los Angeles woooo
IT TOOK 4 SONG BUT ORCHESTRA IS STARTING TO BOB ALONG (maestro been so down sing song 1)
Feel like everyone's in a bad mood today
There really is nothing I like about New York...
My math teacher is my only teacher who didn't post her final grades are u shittin me
Badd Bitch!,, \": Suck KD dick and harden\"
Writers who hashtag to denote that you are writing: do you realize you've just tweeted a ?
I swear Chinese buffets are where my competitive side comes out
Even beat Argie's goal 2 minutes in.
Why the hell isn't Johnny Garlic's open at 8:00 on Sunday morning?
selenas home 2000 Rock Dove Court Vaquero Gem
LITERALLY TOO ANNOYED HAVING TO DO MY SUMMER VACATION
I cant wait to get my hair and eyebrows done
Hello Malbec, my old friend, I've come to drink with you again...
Martin Kaymer won The Players Championship on Mother's Day and the on Father's Day.
Things to stay away from: man with a ferret on subway
but i talked to your bestfriend and i ain't messin with that.
YAAAAY.. Got my work schedule for July\/Aug. Literally scheduled Sun Mon Tues night every week muahaha hoorah to the long weekends of summer!
Seeing your face on my feed pisses me off now
I seriously need to stop missing volleyball practice
Why am I getting so irritated????????
nash did you meet justin
Tim Chang at Mayfield Fund talking about the future of wearables in \"Building Humanity 2.0\"
Golazoooooo Messi, eso es todo
All that money these rappers blowing could go into a poverty struck city ...
On some reals though, gotta take their 13year old to her Pre SAT class today... No wonder her parents are a doctor and a neurobiologist..
Hold up a sec that teacher my mom met was actually from prekinder wow
You know your bored when your watching keeping up with the kardashians
The airport security line is the ONLY place that I ever want to see another man taking off his belt or his shoes off...\n
I guess i just got
FALTAN BANDA DE FOTOS,O SEA YO ME SAQUE COMO 8 Y NO HAY NINGUNA :_______
I'm so tired and my body is so sore but I can't fall asleep and I don't wanna be laying here in bed
Embrace your 1 day off money
Well, I can say it was recognized? but like what to do about it?
I can't believe this is my last day of middle school
Nothing better than a clean home and freshly washed clothes.
Wow \": ............MANU!!!!!!\"
What an amazing day and now and even more awesome night :)!!!
I could watch les miserables over and over
I'm so tired, but my eyes aren't ready to close yet sooo...
Spurs fans are happy to he spurs fan again after liking the celtics, lakers, and heat for the past ten years
Finally messi playing how he should be now keep it up.
''Jesus said to him, 'If you can believe,[a] all things are possible to him who believes.''\n\n -Mark 9:23
Estar en EEUU marginada del mundo encontrar wifi y ver todas las felicitaciones te alegra el dia
NATE AND DANS BROMANCE IS MY FAVORITE THING NEXT TO BLAIR AND CHUcK
\"Wanna take a selfie with me?\" - mom during Jack's graduation
Just one of those days where you forget you left a dead bird on top of the fridge.
Barely just found out that I have to complete two mandatory online classes this summer for SJSU -_-
That fu-fu lame shit I aint wit it
Hey Arnold was the SHIT. Everyday after school with a bowl of cereal was them days boyy
How do you miss that Duncan.
7 Train is a sad place after a Latin American futbol loss
I have to wake up in like 30 minutes
I've been dreading the chemistry exam since July 14th 1997.
I just drove past a huge farm with cows all over the place and a big billboard for a prime-rib steak house was next to it hahahaha noooooooo
And this is why my thoughts are circles and true conclusions are above me.
you know i'll fuck you like i'm fresh out of jail.
jhene aiko can't sing to me
Nas has just never had a good ear for production. I think he's flourish with an album fully handled by No I.D
Seriously, is the food just a prop on ? Bc they never eat it!
Back to work I go
So is gabby gonna bake me a cake or naw????
Feel like I'm in a puzzle can't find the missing piece..
Why do if get called into work for the dumbest shit
Omg. Sylvester and Peters need interview help.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK TO NYC CAN WE HANG OUT
I love weed nigga! I got a green thumb!
WHEN I MEET SOME 1 THAT'S DOWN 4 ME 4 REAL I SWEAR I GOT U IT'S JUST US
I always miss the games I want to see most
Tom Howard beast
Gettin my girly drink on
At least I can look forward to that poker that you promised me once I get up there with you
We are birthday soul sisters
I kinda feel sick .... but not really
That teen wolf rap fckin sucks...pls stop these white girls.\n\nBut thats none of my business
Slowly becoming bartacus and my mom came home......sweeeeerve
\": \"dont ever say that
I'm havnign a panic attack in the back of a cab holy shit I'm fucjing freakin out oh my of help
and i've had trust issues ever since
Think I might have what we're doing for the talent show...
WHY CANT I TAG IN PHOTOS
having my first mcgriddle and it's the strangest thing ever
These men in the Bae Area love the struggle, that's the answer to any question regarding these men
Eso parece un Palo de canela
Jake schmalz loves dogs and dogs love jake schmalz
I like taking niggas hoes but I stopped doing that
Lmao , No funny this nigga was about to feel the wrath today.
Lovin', touchin', squeezin' each other\nWhen I'm alone all by myself\nYou're out with someone else\nLovin', touchin', squeezin' each other
I love anyone who makes me smile
\": Queridos Colombianos, there was no offense intended from my side. Please accept my honest and sincere apologies\" FUCK YOU
Whip in the shop till tomorrow mayne
How the fuck do I get a chubby from the stairmill
Someone be a pal and come to Dairy Queen with me
Watch teen wolf or study for chem...
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
My mom just gave me 5 gift cards to different restaurants is she tryna make me fat
i only want to die alive
I could look through these pictures for days
Swear Bosh been in this whole game..
\": All the negative shit that happens to you is a test; pass it and you'll be wiser and stronger than before.\"
say I love you miranda
I just sneezed and threw my phone in the process
Going to a little party again! See you guys later!
I mean I've only gotten 1 cold this summer but as soon as I go back to cuse I'll be sick for 8 months
GO WONDO PLEESE
Low convo participation today,have never seen Game of Thrones &amp; don't know the hell anyone's talking about. Not ashamed to admit this.
I just accidentally said \"see you in the marnin\" to my mom... I miss you Hahahha
Somebody get Latasha Lawrence out my mention before I take off me belt
I think 3 missions of Watch Dogs is too much for me lol
My dick is bigger yours
I found a scene girl blog
If you knew my side of the story you would understand
Bart smells like a big fart
What's the fuck good for tn doe?!
Nice mustache bro.
You literally beg for sympathy from every person in the 315
has to be one of my favorite pay-per-views. Love the theme song and ladder matches.
&lt;--- Savage RT : You gotta be a savage to like crunchy peanut butter
Morning! Happy 4th of July, everyone!~ Thank you based Futbol Gods for putting World Cup soccer on an American holiday.
it's that ole fashioned special feeling Har.
Can only hope that someday, we can be friends
Van acabar esos negros africanos con los blanquitos americanos
Melo would have to take a 70 million dollar pay cut to go to south beach so ya Miami fans can stfu
Also my friend spent $85 on me for the Limited Edition Gambino Vinyl.\n&lt;3
Group chats will be the fucking death of me i despise them
What better way to spend your night then to watch The Office at midnight
I love the ice from sonic
\"Hey, I will NEVER finger her and I will NEVER let her finger me.\" - Pennsatucky
Oh yeah. I saw 22 jump street finally. Not bad. I wonder if there will be another sequel ..
One of the better parts of the new job is the water cooler. I'm drinking a lot more water rather and a lot less soda these days!
I always get in trouble because of someone else
I honestly just don't give a fuck anymore
These employees are rude as fuck, no lie.
I see pretty girls everywhere I go
im just tired of it Im gonna think about it
One of the greatest rappers ever; Common.
been sleep since 2:30 nd now just getn up thats max
Out if all weekends, everyone decides to hmu when I'm not in town.
Mr. Sean Jones. Mr Sean A Jones. Mr. Sean Alan Jones. Mr. Jermaine Adair.... : ) Sean is so funny.
Anyone wanna see how many fucks I give about the World Cup?
ask me what i did with my life, i spent it with you !
Las chilenas estan piconas porque tenemos al mejor pais de sudamerica de nuestro lado. AGUANTE ARGENTINA Y PERU pastrulas de mierda csm
Suffering from a headache...withdrawal or stress????
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I JUST GOT ASKED IF I WAS A MANDINGO LMFAO
Meek mill my new crush lol
Just learned my tinder says im 24. LMAOOOOO. sorry guys who think im not jailbait. But I am. Wait. Jail. Bait mean younger than 18 right ?
Happy birthday to what the eff are you gonna do to top this AWESOME year you had?!?!? Maybe go to space??
Lmao had to steal snitch bitch from Ronnie
The goalie was in shock lmao ode
... todo eso es igual a felicidad!!\n.. y ganas de tomarme un olafo! :-(
drinkin fuckin smokin plottin schemin plottin schemin gettin money
So the skincare drug Accutane costs over US$400 in California, but S$200 in Singapore for a month supply. But it's not that simple..
She look like a black grandma about to go to church Easter Sunday
USA soccer then meeting Gary Oldman then big OX, life is good
Starting to realize it's not worth going to wing stop unless you order before you get there.
It really bothers me that I still have fall scented soap in my bathroom. I wanna get my summer ones out
Excited for 14-15 and new Sup. Wilson! Expect more live tweets of SB meetings. Follow along, and spread the word:
I love Kendall but she's being such a brat in this episode.
Dumb smacked just cooked my brother in 8 pool lmfao
I need a nigga with a foot fetish lmfao.
True player for real, I know you heard about me
I wish. \": Is it football season yet?! \"
Can't stay mad at you forever
How they got the rock looking Arab as fuck playing the Greek god Hercules.. What's next Samuel Jackson as Bruce lee
life is an open canvas. you paint the story of your life.
are in the lead!!! Keep it up!!! ^Tom
Wait was I just actually crying?
CAN U TELL im feeling empowered by the gender studies class i just finished
Get off me!!
Earphones would be so clutch right now
I don't like those red light green light runners (sprint\/walk\/sprint\/walk)
\"You like the way I flick my tongue or nah? You can ride my face until you drippin cum, can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah\"
Jacobs voice is amazing i dont know how he isn't making albums yet
Dr Doolittle is pitching...but its not Eddie Murphy
Holyyy , I love Madz . True rebel right duurr
You girls are so petty its disgusting and embarrassing. You can't even discuss someone's BOMB make up skills without cussing yourselves out
I dont have a . . .guys?
Just crawled into my bed for the first time since Thursday...it is so comfortable! I've missed my own bed!
This show just took a turn tf
I am just a social butterfly today (:
I joined snapchat all of 3 hours ago and I love what it's doing to my and 's relationship.
Fred is a savage , Lo is a savage , Twan is a savage , Eman is a savage , Dion a savage , Lou is a savage .... Gotta all star lineup
No soy perfecto pa, pero duro doy!
My boyfriend just had a genius idea.... \nThere needs to be an in n out boat on the river.
I wish I had lion eyes lol
Tweeting live from Weed California
this is why i want an ugly boy.. So nobody wants him except me!
depois vou la na casa da Ana :D
\"Middle age is when you're faced with two temptations and you choose the one that will get you home by 9 o'clock.\" -Ronald Reagan
daws has this little tent thing in the living room..I fell asleep in it and no one woke me up. That was 3 hours ago
4th of July.\n\nI know, fireworks, Barbecues, etc..... but I was born in a communist country (Czech) so 4th of July means SO MUCH more to me
People change around you because\nThey starting treating you different because of your success....
10 minutes early to a doctor appointment for the first time in my life. Is this adulthood?
Can't even go to sleep because every unnecessary thought is filling my mind
I don't give a Fuck what that dude feels
I was mad now I'm sad, I feeeeeeel so lonely.
Y'all know I gotta thing for Hispanic women right , they got the line on every thing for a nigga tho
It's simple, Kawhi Leonard is better than LeBron in the 2014 playoffs
All the shit you was spittin , so unoriginal .
- Your dumbb cutee . We text here and there . You didnt speak when i saw you
How I'm sad now I'm gonna go to sleep Bc I have no hoes
Snapple peach tea is on sale everywhere
Im not a heat fan but I will be amazed if they came back from a 3-1 deficit and got a 3peat...
this is the only game in the world that can make a country sad or happy!!
Fuck u josue, take yo shit off private!
Idk how tonight went... It's unexplainable
tmrw i'm gonna have soup for breakfast bc i can't have it now
Ain't no shower rod that strong lmfaoo
Im still trying to figure out how he found that post... I swear tumblr is a hidden world of mines... Just my own personal space. lol
But 3 inches of hair is so much.....
Said id be in by 11.... I'm still sitting on my couch
YO FIRST DAY OF BALLET DOWN, 8 WEEKS TO GO
My wrist wear Chopard but the Muller's cooler
(Which, ironically, would be an illegal interview question if the employer asked about applicant's religion because discrimination and all)
To the dude at the magazine store who just sneakily took a picture of me while pretending to search for service: I seen u, sir
Ay Chile hay q aprender de Los ticos para cobrar penaltis.. Impecables.
today has easily been the best day of 2014
We it's pretty much Thursday, that's close enough to Friday but who cares haha
why he acting like I need him yuck
Never liked soccer, and im not gonna jump on the bandwagon and pretend i do now lol
LONG ISLAND BOUND FOR THE WEEKEND!!!
Listening to Aventura ... Have me feeling some type of way
You know my rule. Never trust a white man with dreads.
WHAT. A. GOAL.
Bon mwen oblije back up us wi la! Let's go USA
were bouta pass tf out in this cafe
Nigga I really HATE being touched. Even if you accidentally touch me it strike a nerve to piss me off.
But I guess what do you expect .. Jay and Bey stole folks money and went on tour like 5 times and thought ppl gonna go see em
My feet are hella dead and I got work at 8:45 to 2am fuuuuuuuuck my life
Stayed up past 2 for 5 straight days
I'm trusting you. don't make me regret it.
People do slowly fade away from eachother
Such a lost soul chasing a lost trail of gold
Ok ... and I cannot for the life of us find this photo you turned up mere minutes after we took it....?? How??
I don't like to hold grudges but I can't let this one go
Am I the only person who could go (at least) a full year without hearing the words or again?
The only time I tweet is in school aha
the tongue pierces deeper than the spear
this school year was so drama-free &amp; im gonna miss it sm
Wow this day has been full of ups and downs.
YOU GOT KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT
Thursday will be stressful. hopefully everything goes well. good night.
Bwow can do w.e he want .... he got money its ok
for you. Sorry it doesn't fucking work that way go fuck yourself
I gotta let you know I've been so weak without your touch
\"Your best player has to set a tone of intolerance for anything that gets in the way of winning.\" Jeff Van Gundy Who will this be for us?
They don't miss
To think I'll live here in 1 yr.... lol idk how to feel about this
lotto'd Aladdin.. didn't win; lotto'd Hedwig.. didn't win; fake stagedoor'd If\/Then.. got to see :) it was a really good day!
I do love how ice cube references to his music in all his movies though!
So excited that a new season of starts tomorrow!
Gettin real tired of this shit, everyone's got plans and I'm at home doin dishes all like
Wtf he said he doesnt know I hate this lady
She said to me, forget what you saw bc good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught.
Amazing! Dempsey always In the right spot
going to sleep bc lbr i'm probs gonna die tmrw
I love in her lines on ! I look forward to her screen time!
I still sleep with my turtle every night. I have for the past 8 years and nothing will change that....
Roll the windows down, let the smoke clear
I just want to eat please get out of my house
Hate getting beat to things I want to do
I never even come online anymore bc I'm tired of constant drama on my tl
dasha said i have white people lips lol thx bae
Gay people everywhere in Vynl though!
Ecen though Im . Go portugal!
Day day irritating. Why wake me up talking about do I have some weed. Bitch it's 7 'oclock !
Damn what should I do with 1000 dollars?!
Costa Rica gana a Holanda 5-3 in penales despues 120 minutos empaten 1-1.
Im sorry if the Camera is shaky its because i was getting moshed and people were crowd surfing
I'm a down ass friend that always got your back. If you push me to that level it's you not me. I'm a solid ass person. But ppl try me.
Is it just me or does everyone care about the World Cup more this year than before... Along with music festivals, coffee shops, et al.
Work... Can we not
Here is the lonely hum in my brain where your name used to be.
Get up and break fast and coffee in the morning ?
I think this Fourth of July is gunna be a BBQ type of celebration, no shows for meeeee
I feel sorry for who can't watch it bra!!!! Like you ain't gunna the bae Derek lol
Ima Knick fan who just wants to see the Heat lose
Desmond always says the weirdest shit I swear lol
wow my 14 yr old cousin has better weed connections than I do..
\"Get crazy with the cheez whiz\"
just two days before
\": thots ruin everything\"
\"Open Up Your Love\" by on his new beattape is fuckin dope!! Check him out
I hate the summer seriously when is it gonna be fall or winter or Christmas
My family said if there's gonna be music at my wedding they won't come.
I see these same girls every morning -Sad
The music is too loud in this bar. I can't hear what anyone's saying.
Where are you going? Can I come with you? I don't feel right when you are not here
I have ALOT of sleep to make up this summer.
All you gotta do is be upfront wit me forreal
My sister is literally stressing out so much cuz she can't find a shoe. I'm jealous if that that's your biggest stresser in life...
Imma feel sick for David if USA loses cause there goes their chances of getting out the group
I heard that your dreams came true
Ronaldo sucks he's so overrated
Yes. My camera is my mcm. Yes. He's a boy..
Where has Lil Wayne been though
Honestly. Are you fucking serious right now.
I need to go to senior prom next year. Someone ask me right now
would be great if oomf would reply .
Kyle Lowry to the Heat :-\/
WE'RE GONNA FIND DANIEL AND THEN GIVE HIM TO MICHAEL AND THEN BECOME FRIENDS WITH MICHAEL CUZ WE FOUND DANIEL #
This weather in crampin' my style
Looking back on the past.... I wouldn't change a thing!!!
That big bitch left out the convo lol
My sweet summer is gone she left me here with sand in my bed
IT WAS GOOD, FUCKIN' GOOD. THAT'S ENOUGH
New SaaS companies, 'making ____ suck less' isn't cool. It's just an overused, meaningless tagline. Please be more creative.
Ok WTH is Nick Cannon wearing???
.WIC checks will be accepted tomorrow. We're working on setting up SNAP and EBT.
Niggas wake up and start draking ASAP
Apple needs to make ginger people emojis for my fellow homies
But I'm so thankful that my brothers better
It's going to be some Chance meets Erykah meets Arctic Monkeys meets Gambino meets 2002 Ashanti meets Arcade Fire with a sprinkle of Tyler
Sometimes, you just have to say fuck it.
Hey and was that the best strike by a US player you've ever seen?
People push away the people that care about them the most
On this day in 1968, Bobby Bonds hit a Grand Slam in his first AB. A MLB record!
how can u be so mean to someone who just wants to help u\/ make u happy idk
I'm old enough to know better, young enough to not give a fuck
so happy no cops came forreallllllll
Before I met I thought he was a shy, chaste little boy. Thank god I was wrong.
Wonder if you're thinking about me too right now.
why does anyone follow me on twitter what are you getting out of this
Why niggas always gotta lie about who they know.
When really cute guys check me out and I can't help but smile like an idiot!
Hacking Ruby (JRuby) for the first time in a while. So much more fun than Python. Comparable to Scala, but lighter, easier.
\": YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THAT BIG FAT BUTT\" WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE
I'm ten followers away from 100!
Well missing your flight home sucks
i wonder if ppl see me and think that i am punk
I can stay awake till 2 on my own but as soon as I'm with a friend I ass at 10
How can you take my tweets so serious? If I say ima shoot up a school does that mean ... Nvm man
lmao he said \"oh I wish\"
I want lots of ice cream
I've been spending money, not even checking my bank account lol
Finding those people that you have so much in common, things instantly just click &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
The moment you realize even your own family ain't shit
Baby Bron Bron is sad
Nick knows just what to say to stay on the show.
If you feint crossing the street when traffic is coming in NYC, you'll kill a half dozen people looking at phones who'll follow your lead.
And yes, wrestling promos can and should have a prominent place in global soccer.
I can't do this anymore this thing is running my entire life I have nothing to look forward to anymore and I feel like I should just die
Yay Maureen's with my fav ladies *_*
What does one do in this situation
Bruce Shapiro of : \"When we're talking about veterans, when we're talking about trauma, we're talking about aftermath.\"
Sometimes it's just too much to handle
Just munched out holy shit I hate myself
Highlight of pride was when (poussey from OITNB) pointed to me and Lauren
Don't even try and talk to me about costa rica's win rn I will flip a shit
Sheltered and safe so she nevaaa gets freed but she loves trouble she's drawn to the danger
the fact that I don't have a suitcase that is big enough to fit all my shit in it ((((((:
Pakistan authorities if only you could do the same\n\": Airline imposes lifetime ban on .\"
TyS We Found love
I find that everyone I know is more annoying on social media. Including myself
No idea what im going to do but gotta do something
yooo that means either agony or kitty isnt getting in
well my boyfriends in the band he plays guitar while i sing lou reed ive got feathers in my hair i get down to beat poetry
Can speedometer go a day without going out lol
I have never met one girl named taylor that I have liked lol
WOWWWWWWWWWWW what a GOAL!!!!!
All my niggas got guns; no registration
I almost just choked and everyone in my house is sleeping..... I could've died
Literally just fell asleep watching batting practice. Guess you lose the excitement of going to Yankee stadium after you've played there...
Gotttta stay high all the time to keep you off my mindddd
22 jump street round 2 with
I dont care if she sounded like jermaine dupree, Jhene fucked it up SOOOOO get outta here
this game about to be good af
It's 4 and me Bedian and Dubois are still going hard at Monopoly
Beautiful day... If the best view in your place is the TV, then get out!
Water balloon fight. My house. Who's down??
My neighbors are gonna call the cops my entire house is literally screaming
He shouldnt be making that much money
Might be a blessing honestly
CAPTAIN CLINT!!!! GO GO USA!!!!!
Either the Fetzima is increasing my prolactin level or I have another brain tumor. Oh boy!
Also reads quite differently from their most recent memo about American drone that killed US citizens
My oh my.... What a shot
I just wanna cuddle with my chocolate, I miss him.
A woman is much more than a notch on your belt, a trophy for your display case, a feeling of \"winning,\" my nigguh. Get yo mind right.
It's only 7pm and I'm already fucking hammered at The Ritz and I'm trying to stay sober for help
*B-boy stance *
Great day to be on the diamond
A year ago I had a random conversation with a stranger, stranger becomes my friend, friend becomes my girlfriend. Weird how things work out
Ew I don't like sitting out here in the sun it's fucking hot! But I'm also tired of being so damn m'f white! UGH
Gaga sells 260K \"OMG SHES A FLOP\"\nLana sells half \"OMG YASSS SLAY QUEEN\"\nTHIS FANBASE IS FUCKED UP
Sad there is no Kaka in the World Cup
ghana bouta score
I don't think I've ever been excited for a football season than this year.
Happy Independence Day! Now be a great American and go blow something up.
Germany \/ Algeria tmrw is going to be crassy
Someone followed me and their name was also Sami
seeing your face makes me smile
The hunger for more is what makes it last
My mom just told me she likes my big toe lol! Like whet?! Hahaha.
Greece didn't deserve to be this far
It looks like the are playing against a bunch of tired old men who'd rather be home watching this on TV
I can't look at those pics of ppl graduating and the pics of my graduation from last year and stuff it makes me think about the past to much
I have a dream that's worth more than my sleep
does that look like a guy with worries?
Tomorrow I want to walk from the pier to twin lakes. Someone plz be down with me
(and probably every other team) lucky they're not facing Roberto Martinez as a coach in the . Knows how to beat anyone.
It's always great to see someone you've missed.
That is a start. Clint has scored at 3 different World Cups. now needs to defend.
Happy birthday to Dobby. A free elf
I feel a heart attack coming on....
I need to stop fucking with Blu juice like I'm about that life
So CSUF is ranked in hardest colleges to earn an A. One of my professors mentioned that her boss investigates when the class avg is an A
Ur talks bout 65x bigger than your walk\nslow thy roll
Kicking ass! Off the 112 mi bike ride, through T2, and somewhere in his first 10k of 26.2. Go go goooooooooo
ese mmg se va a arrepentir. you'll see
Ok I tried but.. I need a drink
oh yeah, he just wanted to piss off Zenigata
I wasn't gonna do a today but shesshhhh
Kattie need to come home. Or I'm walking across the street to get her
Fuck the police tho we smoking like it's legal
Don't really follow soccer but I will always stand with the
CVS Pharmacy in San Mateo has Hiring signs up... Maybe too far..
Def got respect for Patty Mills. Dude always giving 120, but that was a flop lmfao!
it's nice to have someone to miss but it really sucks to miss them
I just wanna talk to you. No one else mayters.
His shirt is so see through...he might as well take off. All of them. Shirts vs. skins. Le'go!!!
It's time to today at Paradise Ridge. Come one, come all.
Wish I can go to my moms house for a month
Vou vomitar na cara de todo mundo que ta comparando a On the Run com a The Monster Tour
Yo no tengo cotorra tengo gallina y avetruces
Pro move: the bearclaw is when you turn ur iPhone upsidedown, double tap homebutton, and quit apps w the triple fingers. Swipe swipe swipe!
Shouldn't have napped. Now I can't sleep :(
Money stresses me the fuck out.
If you think there's someone better then ... you're wrong
I told my roommate his mom sounds hot and he said she is. Idk what to do next because I've never gotten this far
getting out of work early is always the best
Okay well I'm a puss so might as well throw my phone across the room and close my eyes
Hope I made you proud
Bow down to but amazing game
\" I love hoes \"
I need to stop drinking coffee so late
there is no reason to be going down av blvd at 40 mph
Wow bro Macklemore is killin the rap game he is insane #
So totally torqued
\"Shaved ice is just ice, right?\" You're kidding me right?
Just kidding if I didn't have twitter I would text people everything on my mind and that would be so terrible
how's he not been booked for that
I don't know why but I want USA to lose. I think its Because I hate the way they play
I can't play video games for like 3 minutes without my girlfriend thinking I'm doing something bad -.-
TOMA!!!!! Messi time. This is messi's World Cup.
My dad just called my dog Samuel L. Sonny.
Ima need a moment cuz moments last forever.
each day I discover a new reason to hate people.
For 35 bucks that was a fucking bargain
Demsey is a savage
I'm not listening to another trade\/free agency rumor. 90% bullshit.
The last thing I expected from you was to open your mouth and talk about my private life to others.
Music makes me so incredibly happy
Que mi mami me abrace y me seque las lagrimas es lo mas perfecto que me puedo haber pasado dios:').
Why he ain't keep the hat on cdfu
i wish i liked taguchi's voice so i could enjoy his songs cause i really like his genre actually XD but he's gotten better :Db
I hate the tweets I can't retweet lmao they just be having to much vulgar in them i be dying laughing though
Its the same shit folks been saying but got kermit weak ass saying it. I be laughing tho no lie but yall runnin out.
What did I do wrong..
Why does hamburger yield lower energy than steak?
She wanna be a \"Righteous Young Rich Niggas\" bitch.
Ouch, Clint Dempsey.
This girl on the phone was rude.
That was the most terrifying game EVERRRRRRR WOW!
I get the logic of over speeding
I hate being sick!
Out of school w nothing to dooooo woooooo
My bladder is the size if a pea
What a curve
I want cream
Jack Johnson and rain to go to sleep&gt;&gt;&gt;
I miss bothering and 4 oclock in the morning in Jenkins lol
I don't like wasting money and I know you don't. So why would you wanna make me waste my time ?
I'm done with phones after this week. Email me.
13- I thought you were cleaning lol but text me
I hate going to bed when we fight
IM SO PROUD OF U ICANR WAIT TO HEAR THIS SONF OMGOMGOMGOMG
LA GOOD TIMES LAST NIGHT
Happy birthday to this faggot
Hobby Lobby: a shop for people who never get laid and crochet and whatnot,
Some people say i work too hard. Some say i party too much. I dont know man. Handle your shit and simply.. just live life.
I tend to get crazy when there's no deli within 5 minutes
Oh my bad ya'll gotta a new spot. Pizza Empire or whatever.
Just grilled corn, topped it with a dollop of mayo, &amp; sprinkled Parmesan cheese &amp; seasoned salt. I just died &amp; went to heaven
Dreamt about 3 people I can't stand anymore &amp; we was all cool in the dream like we was family
Lucifer me marco fav, tengo la entrada al infierno asegurada
No matter where you are, you want to be friends with the guy who can get stuff. In schools, that guy is the librarian !
I literally just stayed up and watched Katy Perry's movie ... She rules.
mom told me to make plans w\/ friends this weekend. I'm laughing. I need friends to do that. Then she suggested I clean. Laughing even harder
Every movie steve carell is in seems to be a good one...
What makes you think I care about what someone else is doing , that don't concern me
Unreal goal. -1
I can't stand fake bitches bruh
Alright, it's official. I have BG withdrawl.
\": the best person for you to have the most fun with - \"
im not looking forward to today at all
Alexi Lalas has been waiting to drop \"Concacaf'd\" for at least 4 months.
I wanna go on an adventure
Just as I was saying that USA likes to give up early goals in World Cups
\"Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly.\"
Man don't we have classy people in this county.
you know that I do not depend on nothing or no one
30 seconds, and we already scored a goal to Ghana!!!!!!! USA USA USA
I like betting Mohawk on weekdays instead of the weekends,I'll still bet on weekends
Sometimes I just wanna scream to let out anger... or maybe I'll just punch you in the fucking throat.
The foo fighters just fit my modo perfectly right now
I have so many memories in my room
If you're my friend, you're my friend. Idc what we do, how much money you have, etc. Grow up
The extra scoop of guac\/ice cream\/cheese makes all the difference
Fools with no life are always the ones trying to give advice on here with what others should do with theirs.
BUT I SAW AND GOING IN WITH CHRIS YASSSSS
So since I'm dressed and ready to leave who wants to do something
\"you don't look like you'd smoke\" that's like the number one. lol
Tim Howard blocks shot from Brian Wilson
New moon in Cancer Friday , observe how you FEEL.... That's the key for new beginnings. Area to watch is the stomach
But why does it feel like I'm still on vacation lol
Still need to bake cupcakes. I need you!!!
Money is the anthem god you're so handsome
The panic when you're last alive in a gb match and your controller dies
Currently testing Betty
This shopping center has a Panera Bread, Chipotle, Red Mango AND a Starbucks.. Super impressed.
Quote this with your Instagram! I'll follow you, mine is sweettubaa :)
With for the night. &lt;33
Pastores de oveja lo bolsillo lleno e lana
mushu tried green beans and peaches today
Gardner has a little piece of my heart
I'm trying to give Emma an innocent hug &amp; nat comes in with all this crazy stuff woah.
What a friend you are ..
New York's hottest club is LaGuardia.
All my dreams got dimmer when I stopped smoking pot.
Niggas wanna act fake Smfh idk why I even try witchu.
Hostel'de kalmiyali cook uzun zaman olmus.
going to sleep in a fucked up mood is not the biz
I wanna go to the drive ins so bad rn
Rest in peace Michael Jackson dead at 2002
Used to not be allowed in the building but now we on the rooftop
It's a miracle I didn't get on the 12 hour flight home you suggested instead. Thank god I checked with an agent.
Don't worry everyone, dodged the reasoning behind the broken pelvis\/lower spine like it was a bullet.
Sometimes you gotta sit down and realize whos a cancer in your life. Swear on my life you ain't gettin a call from me ever again
My reason for almost always wearing my oversized hoodie: I can walk around with my pants undone and ~no one knows~
And if I had a chance I'd give you one last kiss, and I'd bite down on your lip and I'd try to puncture it so you'll never forget that time
Ew I hate when u don't reply I look like a idiot
C'EST LA REINE D ENGLETTERRE QUI A FAIT CACA PAR TERRE IL FAUT LE NETTOYER AVEC DES POMMEES DE TERRE
Finally home. I'm so glad. My bed. I've missed it.
Retweet if you want to see this nobody host a debate\/discussion on Scottish Independence and a Federal UK with me
Private prison institutions are one of the major sources of corruption in the justice system of the US.
If you cheat on a girl who is willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself out of true loyalty
I like takin pictures with ppl
I gota habbit of waking up at 8 now
The drake 2on go way better then the real one .
Sorry! If you follow me and your promoting Dirty Sex Pics aka Porno. Again let me say you will be blocked right away!
Whenever I'm in a tough situation I always ask myself, \"What would Mac Dre do?\"
How badly do you need attention, really?
When bad things happen, trust him. \nWhen good things happen, trust him. \nGod has a plan for all of us, continue to trust him through it all
By thevway i tryed to say id be there, waiting for
Women's contraception use doesn't necessarily imply \"sex\". Viagra does. Not that it's anyone's employers' business
Feel good in NY siitting on the porch facing .. need to sleep tho but fucc lets get high
Dese indian niggas needa hurry &amp; pullup to fix my crilla
I need to go the bank -.-
Soon as u out of niggas lives that's when they start to miss u
Please Shawn lol I need to buy a new itunes card but I'm gonna buy when I get it x32
Too tired to even make it to the kitchen to get coffee.
I can't fuck with people who constantly remind you what they did for you
The Middle - Jimmy eat world.
Washing this make up off my face will be the best part of the day
Como una persona me puede hacer tan bien y tan mal a la vez
Quiero Tenertee Con Migo Siempre , Siempre .
Now off to the field again
LMAO !!! HAHAHAHHA
Krs one helped me understand the purpose behind emcees like Run Dmc &amp; Hov wearing chains
I can tell that it's 3:00 am by my mood lmao
El Viernes 4. - y - . Q dia de independencia pasare, lo bueno que en casa. :-)
Oh shit, they blowin up ya phone again
I feel really really disconnected from a lot of people
Keisha went to go take a shit
This show just keep on getting crazier and crazier
Watching my retarded mother and little brother try to kill a fly in the bathroom is probably the funniest thing I've watched all day
Kira is the only person who doesn't annoying within 5 mins
Watching Tiny Goldwyn as Outlaw Prophet: Warren Jeff
So....I needa find my wallet before pay day doe
wanna do purikura w my boyfriend soooo badly!!!!!
Amazed how much better T-Mobile has gotten since my last 2012 visit to SF all bars all the time hspda even in Moscone
Di Maria is so cold!
Got bum ass Raymond Felton and Tyson out of there
It is wayyyyyyy too nice out to be inside so I think I'll just wander around the city of New York!
Fuck man all Asians really do look alike shit
We don't chase em, we replace em
Not gonna lie, the fault in our stars was pretty good. Book was better tho
Ay que boludo Tinelli JAJAJAJAJAJAJA.
So my about my sleeping schedule....
Everything's such a fkn struggle when you have a late birthday
God im tireed
Broke his ankles
This drama is so childish and very ignorant then everyone thinks why we are all 12 year olds cause they going by how we acting
I'm being so short rn omg
Glad to know big bro back
Bright side: all Aron Johannsson does is score goals so maybe it's not that bad and no YOU'RE in denial.
JERMAINE JONES YOU SENSATIONAL DEVIL
I bet your kiss is a soul saver, my favorite flavor, want it now and later.
you just a weak nigga who buss fast lmfao thats all
Rap is like sex... Everybody doin it
I don't know what I wanna do today and that's kinda frustrating
I WISH AND WERE STILL MY FRIENDS
Walk It off m8
Ok so i flew off a lil 50 saturday night that explains my leg ........
I just saw a pigeon in penn station
All a nigga really need is a lil bit. Not a lot baby girl just a lil bit.
\": Quote with your most hated NHL team\" Rangers
I think so much that I eventually get angry and that anger turns into sadness
Keep on keepin' on
*Fun fact* Benjamin Franklin &amp; George Washington both grew Marijuana. - Stated in both their diaries.
Can't decide whether I'm excited or frustrated\/upset that my dad has an interview for a job in FL tomorrow..
So excited for Opening Day!!!
\"I'd be in the club feelin myself\" -Dairian
This just proves that LeBron should not be compared to Jordan. Jordan is flawless in the finals and LeChoke is terrible
Don't miss me and my band at the Brick and Mortar tonight!
Finally the proud owner of a Gremlins shirt. Thank you, for selling it. I also bought a Ghostbusters shirt.
If You Enter This World Knowing You Are Loved And You Leave This World Knowing The Same Then Everything That Happens Can Be Dealt With
Kinda wanna spam Luke kinda wanna punch him in the throat
Spurs deserve it they the better team
These damn Africans playing wild as fuck.
\": hold a lot in until you strike that last nerve.\"
Los griegos orandole a zeus en los penales.
I'm unfollowing everyone thts talking about cams new video it's fuckiiiiing annoying
Novak Djokovic saved 3 set points to avoid a 5th set. Very impressive.
always speaking on some old shit, get the Fuck out my face before I spit in it.
Ultraviolence comes out tomorrow who's ready?!? When I say QUEEN you say LANA! QUEEN...!
Trying to fall asleep. Can't. Gonna try again
My mom gets frusterated with me when I spend my money on expensive makeup and clothes,Im sorry,would you rather I buy crack off the street?
Only 9 bruises from paint balling. Not too shabby
The Duchesses of Hazzard:Women in sensible Volvos pulling over when the cops stop them. The male counterpart wears \"Chad Duchesses\" (khakis)
Hey, ~~~ Don't write yourself off yet.
For let's go Germany!
Republicans to sue Obama, explain why later. Honestly? Fucking pathetic, even by modern Wingnut standards
Spurs did their thing
I like when they show the men behind the cameras at games because then I can put a face to the guys who keep zooming in on girls chests
swear to god I'll murk one of these niggas
but your name is ANDREW smh you lyiin'
Is on. Turn off your cell
Need to mob it to transformers \nAnyone?
Enamorada de la vida, y casada con la muerte!
If a woman doesn't love bling, she is depressed! :-)
i need you to roll it up now,cause i can't wait much longer
I have no energy too deal with anybody but lil bully rn.
The \"loyal - chris brown\" remixes the shit !
Big day tomorrow, first hypothetical lesson in the theatre space!!!! I have lesson plans coming outta my ears tbf
Peace be unto you, And unto you peace.
Netflix is booty, there's never good movies.
my mom saw that snapchat of me and she came into the room and showed it to me and was like \"and then you wonder why people think you toke\"
\": thanks for having me!!!\"
follow she deserves it. follow her
The historical exhibition is, in my opinion, extremely politically charged. For a memorial this seems paradoxical. This place needs openness
i should stop bitchin&amp; understand its life and that bad shit is bound to fucking happen.
\/\/&lt;= ama ala user de marceline (???
Why do yall want sex with someone who don't want it with you?
Thank you for being a life saver. Phone was dead, hotel shuttle was 45 minutes out. Thankfully there was a driver nearby.
This summer is not going to be all about work. I feel like a robot.
burn rubba on u quick as hayl
life is a drinking game and i'm winning
fiquem super triste pq causa daquela cena da Carol,opa
was listening to drake in the shower and when I was done I realized I never turned on the shower and the water was tears
zendaya is pretty &amp; allat. but her outfit is tooo childish. lol
Just saw \"full-stack JavaScript focused\" as a thing. I want the young devs to know we've accomplished much better than JavaScript.
today was such an emotional day
All jokes aside !!! has been so merciful to me !!!
The only pose\/outfit missing fm 's portfolio is a medieval Boba Fett wench doing the Ving Rhames bend over from Pulp Fiction
This world cup shit makes me kinda wanna play soccer again
Ce soir y a le Bresil qui joue et j'ai pas le maillot,j'vais aller le chercher chez l'autre jcrois mdrrrrr :'((((
-imma about to change the channel
Cleaning, grocery shopping and cooking dinner..wife me and Dest up
ALREADY A GOAL!!!
Never thought Erika was down lol She a good wing man
Seriously?!? It's not even July and I just saw a back to school commercial
I havent been to twin peaks since ibwas little .. With my pops
People hate the POTHUS.. so much that they want to impeach him for what?....cause he's using common sense during his presidency..
is everyone born knowing the lyrics to mr brightside or
you're so sweet &amp; smart &amp; perfect &amp; beautiful &amp; i love it so much
Beckerman gave him that football hit lol
Why does she still subtweet me :\/
Important to ensure children in underserved areas have access to nutritious meals year round, because hunger doesn't take a summer vacation.
My line flip the sled today. Progress.
Missing people like and
A [little] man amongst boys.
Jordan is so cool for not texting me back wow
Are you doing any trunk shows this summer ? Would love to see your bags in person! xo
Clint Dempsey is my new hero
I didn't even know my grandma was leaving to Mexico already
Ochoa saves it again on a 1:1 encounter with Arjen Robben
I be feel I like the man when I walk through
My mom want me to get a job. But it can only be in Vineland. Every where else she say no.
I love where I stand , so I ain't trying to change that
Lil bow try to give him dab too
I have seen a lot of places Nylander has a bad attitude
3 week of camp is going to be done
all 3 of us are on a twin bed watching hannah Montana
I'm sorry I forgot that you become unable to operate a car after you take two benedryl
Just tryna go to the beach tomorrow
Op@! Vai ter Brandon Workman arremessando contra os Cubs no dia que eu vou no Fenway! Prevejo um no-hitter.
SOMEBODY GET YOUR CAT! IK IT BELONGS TO SOMEONE BECAUSE ITS FAT AND WELL GROOMED
right now to
Lebron is a great player. It was him vs the Spurs
How do gifs possibly work on twitter?
Wtff yall given up for !! Bitch asses , play to the buzzer
Even though you hate me
I just got home from work ... I'm dead tired.
My mom is hella turnt rn
Ima be who I want to be
I gotta take felipe to chipotle before i leave.
This arrangement of absolutely needs to be released as an album \n\n
MY IDOL JUST WAVED TO ME
The kids friend is like the palest toe head blond. And he light weight looks like a gremlin... He's soo sweet though. Lol
I'm way to lazy to go get my pizza from downstairs and that says slot.
I'm a sucker for some old school Fall Out Boy
Theres a cat outside my window screeching like its being shanked but it's perfectly fine.... Like its just sitting there screaming
Go Greece! What endurance on both sides!
Having haters in your life is a necessity
.Thank you all for welcoming me with open arms!!! I'll miss everyone!! you're awesome!!
Nobody Taking A Pay Cut For This Bullshyt
Post pictures of fireworks I must see them
Can I hug Messi too..
Toda la Solidaridad Y Apoyo A Los Familiares De Los 20 Fallecidos En Acc De ARC Esta Madrugada QEPD. Que Tristeza
Hate when a nigga get smart with me... Nigga I'll hurt the little fuckin feelings you got
When you're hella feelin yourself and you go to buy new work out clothes and you're still a medium
How the fuck you 7'0 n you miss a alley lay up c'mon bosh
All these a people and their tea formation Tuesdays
Packers with always and forever be my team, since I was 2 the love have never stopped
I've really enjoyed watching Joel Campbell play during this tournament
Only God Knows
My moms name is Donna I named her Dorkas in my book
What stupid bitch throws a priceless necklace into the middle of the god damn ocean I hate the titanic it's a stupid movie
Best believe I will find one.
Skip can say whatever he wants CP3 is the best PG in the NBA
I just had a dream (nightmare) that I was late to graduation and forgot shoes.. Guess who will now be showing up an hour early
\"Finger your bitch\" -my mom
SOFRITAS HERE I COME
\"if someone wanted to put nutella on my butt i feel like that would be a waste of nutella\" - ladies and gentlemen,
As much as I love alternate history I am rarely pleased with actors w\/CG or prosthetics and the serious impersonations of us presidents
No one cares unless you pretty or dead
1-1 Lets go
I get vertigo looking down the wall.
Yes!!!! Sensational Strike by Jermaine Jones!!! Let's go 1 - 1
hahahaha my mom keeps air drumming to the guitar in sweet home alabama
I just hope I'm able to walk around for tomorrow
The have agreed to trade two second round picks to the for the coaching rights to Jason Kidd.
\"Smallest school in the SEC by over 10,000 &amp; [Tim Corbin] has built a program that most others are envious of.\" Incredible feat
If what we had was real, how could you be fine?
It's Sloww for the chemistry regents tmm
I could make a living by fucking bitches all the time and going house to house and bitches always feeding me and I just have to fuckem its g
Got me a new word.
Took a while to realize: guy who asked \"You mind if I use the bathroom\" was asking me to save his spot, not for literal permission
I'm done with Beto
Bet awards ain't even start and they clownin lmao
I still want a duck. But they still poop like crazy so guess I won't be getting a duck
Really hope Calum sees + likes it
LIKE I WAS 3 FT ANGRY MAMA BEAR WITH A CUB
It's never what you do but how it's done
Idccccc FB has the funniest videos like wtf!!
\": Fuck chasing im quick too replace ya\"
Let it go, let it gooooo
Am I the only one that is staring at the referees comb over on his bald head
Haven't heard one bandwagon fan say a word yet
I played Terror at work today and I felt so ~ hardcore ~
Wow spurs don't give a shit! Watched bosh for 10min think about takin a 3
Have an iPhone and I barely use FaceTime or use my phone.... Why
my head's under water but i'm breathing fine. you're crazy and i'm out of my mind
I think the King has given up....
what a fucking snipe
At the end of the day I don't end up loosing anything you do
Hopefully LA with takes my mind off these basic ass people
Been such a good summer so far
Another injury are u serious!!!!
Please someone stop me before I go in on this pistachio gelato
The Documentary is a classic man what happened to Game
These motherfckers had me like who the fuck is Shad Moss
OH HEY JOE, WHATS UP
Oh god no... Aron johannson you better step up
I'm sunburnt and kinda drunk. Today was good
Lebron literally playing 1 vs 12 tonight
Whole Squad On That Real Shit
quite frankly, another persons finances are none of your business. worry about your bank account not mine
\"My name is Gabrielle &amp; I have no bae\"
Nba and nhl playoffs over. Now I can get back to the
My hope for the future is the complete disappearance of the \"mosh-pit\"
Ahaha dry hatin is not the way to go. I feel bad fa ppl who be dry hatin. Prolly livin a miserable life
I love people who are generally nice
You know where the best 4th of July fireworks show is? My Aunt's neighbors! Haha. Seriously tho, it's pretty spectacular!
wait what got leaked anskdlxlx i took a 30 minute break and something new is happening
I never actually say hi to people. I just give them a head nod.
AYANNA won't let me go out Pero ta bien
I hate when people repeat themselves like ALRIGHTTTT
Everyone hates on beasely but he's a sleeper just gotta wake him up
Just sent my mom a picture of my tips from the past two nights and told her it was for strippers and drugs.
Or your children will learn to read on *gasp* a kindle :\/
Trash that doesn't even know it's trash deserves to fall into the abyss.
Tammela Mann is the new yonlanda Adams
Just told someone I was private equity.
These lil kids gone fuk up everything
Which means food, alcohol, party, dancing. Wishing my grandparents were going. They're the king&amp;queen of Beer Pong.
no team snapchat I will not view your Fourth of July snapchat
Finding someone who loves pizza just as much as you love it &amp; love them just as much &amp; they love you back just as much &amp; motivates you &gt;&gt;&gt;
I leave in exactly 14 days to go back to Florida, I'm determined to teach my dog how to play dead by then
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus
Yes! and my fav song dechorro on
You know what's better than staying home and watching Netflix all night long? .....friends
Yep, im going hell! Who's coming?
- why the fuc did he preform
it sucks to be disappointed by people you had the most faith in
Shout out to the bar tender for letting me chill and not drink
Came home to Joy Division; existential crisis imminent...
Love having good ole mo on your side.
RUEDA, no le dijieron eso. Xq me tio un defensa como si hubieramos estado ganando. Tecnico mediocre 2\/2
\"Question. How many times do you have to do coke before you get skinny\"
Not even watching the awards but Ik wry thang that's going on. Thanks twitter.
3:07am why in the hell im getting goosebumps
heeeeere we go..... let the fun begin.....
Solid rephrasing of \"baby crazy\" MT : please add \"Professional Baby Photo Admirer\" to your Twitter bio and LinkedIn page.
Everybody else saw that guy dressed as Teddy Roosevelt, right?
Nope dating is just terrible. I refuse.
T.I. I don't know why I find him sexy no shame
It's so dope having my bestfriend living across the hall
Chris Rock, how did Rick Ross hurt you?
Self-driving cars will work. 90% of car crashes today are caused by human error.
I hate waking up too early because then there's to much time for activities
This Greece v Costa Rica game is insaneeee!
The one and only time I'll ever say this in the history of ever buuuut
I just saw a commercial for the \"mayday button\" for kindle...yeah, THAT'S not gonna get misused.
This is Malcolm and Martin minus the marching, Larry Davis shooting his way out of housing apartments..
Two days in a row with the same stomach ache at the same time
I wonder how many fucked up situations I'm going to be in as my life goes on
The internet and tv aren't working at my house
I officially hate my life right now.
It feels like something's heatin up, \nCan I leave with you?
and I want a henna and hair wrap
Chris rock is a damn fool
Passed a drug test who's tryna blaze today
Soo I guess it's already been a month? Peace out NYC. MICHI BOUND!
Well I'm not getting out of bed till I have work.
GIVING US A COMMERCIAL TO LET US HANDLE OUR SELF FOR A BRIEF SECOND I
Fernando and I fighting for Rudy and he doesn't give 2 fucks about us haha he over there simpin for anotha bitch ah chido su pedo
FUCK BRUH GET ME OUT MY FEELINGS.\nSLAP ME OR SUM.
So proud of all of the seniors who graduated tonight. You guys will all be successful in college and I can't wait to hear what you guys do!
Not over yet.
There's a fine line between love and dependency ..
i think this is the like the worst finalss
But where is everyone when I need them
I need a weave
I'm always turning shit up at the club, people stay having a good time with me
Sheeeesh, that looks bad :\/
Going to regret taking all these APs next year more than I regret going to that parade today
Nothing I hate more when you favorite for a tbh &amp; I do yours and you say nothing back...
I send Megan the ugliest snapchats omg
\"for frenchy\" \n&gt;throws A1 sauce bottle at floor \n
Just ran\/walked a mile and did T-25.... Would I kill it if I had a beer?
I dont think I'll ever go to jail...
I want someone I can talk to all day and it not get boring.
OMG Anthony Ramos just followed me our awesomeness might come together someday I am so Happy right now :)
I'd kill to go back to project grad, best night of my life
Should've stayed in Fresno.
it's amazing how much my mom talks like I wanna tell her to be quiet 90% of the time
that picture makes me laugh sm idky
So im not gon go to the city imma go kick it w\/ my cousin since she gon be alone while her fam at six flags
4 more hours to go :-)
bueno pero prefiero hacer un trabajo que un examen tbh
Yung buck just got his ankles broken
I'm excited to leave the house so I can do my eyebrows lol
clearly i know now you dont like me .
\": If you worked for that booty. Show the booty off.\" Don't be selfish now
I totally wish I was Ferris but I'm a Cameron at heart.
I'm so emotional when I'm drunk . Smh
Literally crying I never thought seeing a fat boy try to ride a bike would be do funny!
My mom will kill me if I don't become a valedictorian at Fordham. Do they even have it?
My forehead killlllssss
\": Consumers spend more on apps (~$20bn run rate) than on recorded music ($17bn)\" Time to sell music in apps!
some people just suck and will never unsuck
Sometimes I wonder if being laid back is a bad thing
\": Looking at old pictures seeing what has changed it's sad tbh\"
My xeni friend doesn't underhand why Greek girls can't date mavri...
LUNCHBOXSQUAD HAS BEEN ON OOVOO FOR 4 HOURS
When it feel like you lost everything... you gotta hold onnn
I still taste salt water on my lips from your kiss
Help me figure out what I need you for.
Thank u Vickie! Viva la raza!
I'm so happy
Sabi ko mag re review ako para sa driving, alak na naman ang inuna ko. haha
This 80-year-old coffee pot still makes an amazing cup of espresso! Also makes best cuban coffee!
I'm turntttttttt too fuckingggg earlyyyyy
I may be cute but I'm a bad ass texter
Sometimes you're sick, sometimes you're not.
Brazy said check n see if his car in the brooklol
Will you be my girlfriend?.....I want to meet someone that I can ask of this.
I'm trying to stay up to watch Hit the Floor and text him... But my eyes are just droooooopping
They be running these boys into the ground.
My niece is so teeny tiny 2 going on 3 I just can't help but love her soo much!
Someone bring me a bec and starbucks to my bed
I keep getting screenshots bout this 1 bitch..
Congrats ! Can't wait to see you guys perform live!
you could so tell Lydia is just of Malia haha :(
I'm so content with being alone . No one telling me what I can or can't do, what I can or can not wear.
two of the best compliments you can receive:\n-your eyebrows look fab\n-you look tan
Can I please have a light skin Mexican that can speak Spanish with dreads that listens to reggae, goes to school,work &amp; values respect
Victory! Now I gotta get myself to Omaha!!!!!!!!
Ya nadie me pregunta nada en el ask que gey
To punish me for my contempt of authority, Fate has made me an authority myself.
Lebron's last game as a Miami Heat
If I were to sing like I do when I'm alone in my car on front of ppl I would have no friends.
I want a burger.
Jamming out to right now. So glad and I discovered them at the fair!
I'm bout to start selling water.
I BELIEVE THAT ....I will not give one fuck about soccer!
Great night at haiku in white plains with the fam
EVERY TIME YOU MOVE TO THE BEAT IT GETS HARDER FOR ME AND YOU KNOW IT KNOW KNOW IT
It's not about how you get it. It's bout what you did with it
1 2 69 we have a lot of good memories, the only person that ive ever had real feelings for, cant wait until everything is back on track
Quiero ser algo mas que una Simple Amiga
Just give me chocolate and I'll be happy.
When someone tries to make awkward conversation with you and ask what your plans are for the summer just
i like working at bloomingdales.
Looks like a broken nose smh
The fact that a grown man wore a \"Horny University\" shirt and then showed me that it's his last name just explains my day at work.
Need to stop sharing food with Maybee bc he's a brat
Down 4 in bottom seventh 1 put I hit a double 3 kids get hit in a row and we lose 7-6
I have laughed so much today it's fantastic
Idek why I say things all the time
I always forget that I can't eat that much food without having extreme stomach pains and feeling like I am going to vomit
Facebook: college friends\nTwitter: high school friends\nInstagram: combination
Sitting here laughing my ass off at these two girls drunk crying over boys.
Yeahhh yoooooooooo that's right !!
I meant.to say i wish Rachel had a goodlookin friend i can slide on but they all ugly or fat
documentary on - man the 80s were tough times in NYC. Even as a young kid I remember hearing about it and the fallout.
\": need a good movie to watch\"the town
CAN YOU STOP BEING THIRSTY &amp; LEAVE HAPPY PEOPLE ALONE!! STOP TRYING TO SCREW EVERYONE ELSES RELATIONSHIP UP!! GO AWAY!!
Just ate a pound of froyo in 3 minutes so I'll just be here in the corner dying thanks
If you aint hitting up that club later tn idk whats wrong with you, its free.
THERE IS A CHUNK MISSING FROM MY RIGHT EYEBROW OH MY GOD
Shoshana \"hit me up on black people meet\" Bean
Imagine someone actually took the time to read your 37 paragraph instagram caption lmaoo
Woke up early again to watch babe on Univision.
Gekas is balding and has a mullet so yeah
A queen is never late everyone else is simply early
I miss sam I gotta sleep over again soon. This bitch is annoying but being there made me forget bout everythin cause i was too busy laughing
She likes it from the back.
s\/o to Jonny Abate
I have no idea what I did to my back but it hurts a lot.
Baby come through me... you deserve a round, round round round.
Cameron sounds like a delusional ass baby mama
IM CRYING FORREALS ALL THE TEARS RIGHT NOW DOE OMG
He doesn't even know what BET is
I always feel like it push my home button so hard. I feel like I'm going to break it.
\": Niggas want pussy and can't for a chicks cab. LMFAO.\" Nope they sure cant
pooped in my girlfriends house for the first time yesterday..
no I'm not a control freak u just have the initiative of a pebble
I'm like 2 childish hair styles away from putting barrettes in my shit
Fuck a Ghana yo
No seriously..... Where did the Kermit memes come from?
!!! PARA LOS CON VAMOS SUERTE !
I should just go camping. There's a lot less cleaning to that option
I can't sleep. Somebody is going to steal my idea in my sleep
I can't wait till you come here today I'm going to get everyone to throw fireworks at you lol fuck you
THIS IS LIKE ALL THE CONCERTS I NEVER GOT TO GO TO
We can't go out like this. Put in work Heat
Of course I have a pot of gold laying around my home, Keith Hernandez..adorable @
If we match on tinder and you don't know how to ice skate, I don't know why we matched, bye.
Honestly as long as you're happy who the hell cares
Pimples are so annoying, like why do you exist
How much do companies pay for ads on airplanes?
Fuck I was so excited for that trip
What I would do just to see you one more time.
Should I feel hurt? I just feel resentment. Being all that I can be, but it's only regression
Look I thought it was a Spanish thing alright
The woman who snorts heroin by accident in pulp fiction is such a babe
I got dressed and everything lol
NOW YOU GOT NO RENT. YOU BLOW THAT MONEY MONEY.
School in the a.m &amp; im wide awake :(
I still got Joel Embiid going in the top 5 .. I think Philly might grab em
Filthy goal by Jones!
.. has been ruled illegal by the highest court in the land &amp; His Hon. Justice Ted Turner. How much is that Justice in the window?
So tired all the time. the other night, I got 12 hours and 45 minutes of sleep. And was still tired. Ugh
For someone as amazing as Andi, the bachelorette people did SUCH A SHITTY JOB picking these men. Are they kidding !!??
kicking off my epic week of shows with some at
Lmao I'm procrastinating so bad right now......
Happy birthday to my cuz . My little cuzin isn't so little anymore.
\": you wit austin?\" Yea I'm picking him up
Last firmware update for Coupe was on January 2013! Sometimes Bluetooth connection works not well. ?
Got me three kinds of fucked up
Someone just graduated on stage. How beautiful
Graduations hittin me a little bit
My mom is the only person I know that can go out for a massage but then bitch and yell at everyone right when she gets home.
Bitches that try to look hot and flip their hair around and swing their hips.
I question how you're doing, but then I realize why should I? I'm not the one that screwed up.
No \"Is it raining in NY?
If you can't be with the one you love then be with the ones that will be there for you.
I think it's time to say goodbye to my Mac. Didn't even last a full 2 years
Anyone wanna go kayaking with me tomorrow
Finals MVP Green or Leonard
Dempsey back on, only a bloody nose
